List(We are looking for help to join our team!, Looking for something sweet?  Come in and try a piece of halva!  Sesame candy topped with farm fresh honey, ground pistachios and dried cranberries!, Hello friends!  Do you know anyone that might be intersted in joining our team?  If you do please send them our way!  Looking for part time wait staff, kitchen help and dishwasher.  Send them in or have them email info@cafebarada.net for more information.  We thank you for your help!, It's a beautiful day to get out and come grab some coffee. #cafebarada #cambridgema, Come in before 4pm today and enjoy a small lentil soup or split green pea soup with the purchase of a daily special or regular entree!  Just mention you saw this on Facebook!  Stay warm!, Looking for something delicious for dinner tonight?  We have spinach pie!  Flaky layers of filo filled with spinach, onion, tomato, egg and feta!  Limited quantities.  Available after 5pm, Come in and try one of these specials for $20.16!, Have the day off?  Then come in and visit us for a delicious warm meal or a classic winter cocktail!!, Come in and try a new winter cocktail!!  Or one of our 20.16 wine specials!, Feeling under the weather or a little cold??  Then come in and try our homemade chicken and vegetable soup!, Cafe Barada will be closed today 1/1/16.  From our family to yours we wish you a very Happy New Year!, No reservations, no problem. We've got you covered. Open tonight til 9pm.  #NYE #Cambridge #CafeBarada, Still looking for a last minute gift or a yummy treat?  Stop by and pick up some delicious assortment of baklava!, Vegetarian Mezze. Hoummus, Baba Ghanouj and Makdous. #meatlessmonday #cafebarada #cambridgeeats, Give the gift of olive oil this #holidayseason, Need some last minute catering? Ask us how we can help. #meatpies #cafebarada #catering #holidays, #meatlessmonday #fattouch #cafebarada #cambridge, Due to a private event we will be closed for lunch today and opeing at 5pm for dinner.  Take out may be placed by calling 617-354-2112., Now on tap, @wachusettbrew winter ale. #thirstythursday #winter #cafebarada #cambridge, Do you want to be the most popular guest at the holiday party? Bring some spinach pies. #partyfood #cafebarada, Gearing up for the holiday season. Come in and check out the restaurant. 11:30-9:00 today! #holidayseason, We will be closed today Thursday November 26th and will re open Friday November 27th at 4pm.  Have a safe and Happy Thanksgiving!, Come in and check out our assortment of Halloween cards made by our friend Kate at Yennygrams, Calligraphy + Design Services!  Pick up some hoummos while you are here!, Look for something yummy and sweet?  Join us this weekend and enjoy a piece of namoura.  Yogurt and farina sweetened and topped with dried cranberries and pistachio!  Available in the restaurant or Union Square Farmers Market. While supplies last!, It's #Meatless Monday!  Make sure to come in and try some Mujederra.  Lentils, rice and onions., Now on tap The Brooklyn Brewery Post Road Pumpkin Ale. It's starting to feel like fall., It might be chilly and windy tomorrow for the Union Square Farmers Market but don't worry we have you covered!!  Hot soups to enjoy at the market or take home with you!  Will there be lentil? Or chicken? Split pea or how about a roasted red pepper and Gouda?  To find out stop by the market from 9am to 1pm or stop in for lunch or dinner in the restaurant!, Mozzarella and feta flatbreads at the  Union Square Farmers Market, Missed it last week??  No problem join us at the Union Square Farmers Market today from 9 to 1 and take home some tomato and feta salad!!, Looks like it's going to be a nice weekend to sit outside. Make sure to hit up the patio while you still can. #StillSummer, Join us at the Union Square Farmers Market today from 9 to 1. Try something new today!  Tomato and feta salad, cheese flatbreads, string bean salad or take home a jar of out pickled turnips!  Quantities are limited so come early!, Come join us at the Union Square Farmers Market today and take some treats home your Labor Day weekend BBQ!!, We will re-open today from our vacation at 11:30am!  Come in and join us!, Cafe Barada will be closed from Saturday August 8th and will re open on Monday August 24th!  We will be at the Union Square Farmers Market on Saturday August 8th and Saturday August 22nd.  If you miss us you can visit us there!, Have you visited our newly done website??  www.cafebarada.net, To our friends at Get Konnected!  Thanks for throwing a great event last night and having us be a part of it!, Join us tonight as we will be participating in Get Konnected! Summer Soiree:2nd Annual A Taste of Ethnic Boston!  Event starts at 5:30 at the Harborside Inn 185 State St in Boston!, Today Cafe Barada will be making our television debut! We will be taking part in Get Konnected! Summer Soiree: 2nd Annual A Taste of Ethnic Boston on Tuesday July 28th! The event will be featured on Urban Update today at 11:30am on Channel 7 after Meet the Press!  Tune in to learn about the event and then join us their on Tuesday!, Meat pies at the Union Square Farmers Market today!, Come get a freshly made salad!, Looking for something to do this Thursday evening??  Join us at the Taste of Cambridge from 530 to 830 and support this great cause!, We are back to regular service at the Union Square Farmers Market today!  All sorts of yummy foods are available!  Spinach pies, roasted red pepper hoummos, pita pockets, marinated artichoke hearts and more!  Join us from 9am to 1pm!, Hard at work making spinach pies for the Union Square Farmers Market tomorrow 7/11!  Come early and get them as we usually run out!, Its hot and humid out so come in and let us do the cooking for you!, We are at the Union Square Farmers Market until 11:30 today.  Come in and get some dips for your weekend!, Café Barada will be closed on Saturday July 4th!  We will however be at the Union Square Farmers Market on Saturday with abbreviated menu and hours of 9am to 11:30am.  Market is open til 1pm.  Come by Saturday and pick up any last minute dips for your July 4th BBQ!, Come join us for lunch!, Schedule Alert: Today, Saturday June 20, we will be closing promptly at 6PM. Have a safe and Happy Father's Day!, Come join us at the Union Square Farmers Market today from 9 to 1. We have a lot of our wonderful dips, spinach pie, fresh salads, pita pockets and more!!, Fathers Day is coming!  Need a card come in and pick up one of the creations by Yenny•grams!, Come in and try some red pepper hoummos today!  While it lasts!, We will be closed today.  Have a safe and happy Memorial Day!, We will be closed today Monday May 18th as we attend commencement ceremonies at Boston College!  See you Tuesday May 19th at 11:30am!, Know someone who is graduating this weekend??  Come in and pick up one of these cards by our friend Kate from Yenny•grams!  Fill them with money and your grad will love it!, It's international #HummusDay. Come and get it., Come in and try some falafil sliders!, The patio is open!, Join us this week as we donate 100% of our dessert sales to Bakes for Breast Cancer!  Can't make it into us, then make sure to check out their website for a list of participating restaurants!, Take your chance and help us cure diabetes!  For every ten dollars you donate you will receive an entry to win a dinner for four!  We will double the number of entries you receive if you donate today 5/1/2015! Thanks!, It's a nice day to come in and try our Arabian Spring Fever sangria!  Red wine with berry juice!, Good luck to all of the athletes participating in the Boston Marathon! #BostonStrong, null, It's hump day which to us is falafil day!  Mention you saw this post and we will double the number of falafil's in the appetizer for $2!, Come in and try one of our new half bottles of wine!  We have you covered from California to Lebanon!, Looking for dinner?  Come in after 5pm tonight and have a piece of spinach pie!  Flaky layers of filo filled with spinach, onion, tomatoes, feta, eggs and spices!  Get it before it's gone!, Looking for a delicious treat for your Easter dinner?  Come in and try a mamool.  Traditional Easter cookie stuffed with either dates, pistachios or walnuts!, Last farmers market of the season!  It may be snowing out but the market is open!  Come visit us and all of our friends here at the Somerville Winter Farmers Market and take some delicious treats home!, Join us today at the Somerville Winter Farmers Market and join us for some great treats!  Hounmos and toasted veggie sandwich, roasted red pepper hounmos, olive medley and yellow stuffed peppers!, What's cooking today??  Yellow stuffed peppers!  Stuffed with ground beef, rice and tomato!  Come on after 5 tonight or join us at the Somerville Winter Farmers Market tomorrow from 930 to 2pm!, Join us this Saturday at the Somerville Winter Farmers Marketwere we will debut a new hoummos and roasted pepper sandwich!  Hoummos topped with roasted peppers, zucchini, squash, eggplant and mushrooms layered between two slices of Dan's Brick Oven Bread whole wheat sourdough!, We are hiring!  Looking for experienced kitchen help and wait staff.  Know someone please send them our way!, A limited amount of our homemade salad dressing is available for purchase. Come in and get it before it is gone!, Buy one Daily Special and get the second half off when you dine in with us today March 5th, 2015*!, Only three markets left!  Will you be joining us at the Somerville Winter Farmers Market tomorrow(2/28)?  We hope so!, There may be a massive snow wall on both sides of us but we are open!  Come in and let us warm you up!, It might be freezing out but we got some hot foods to keep you warm!  Come in and enjoy or take some home with you!  Today's specials include a roasted red pepper hoummos and we have a limited amount of our homemade salad dressing bottled for purchase!, Znoud al-sit! Today's dessert special., What are you having for lunch??, Join us at the Somerville Winter Farmers Market today from 930 to 2!!  We have znoud at sit(filo dough filled with a cream filling), namoura(yogurt and farina cake), a tasty beet salad, homemade salad dressing and red pepper hoummos!  Sounds like a great day for a farmers market!  Come visit us and all the great vendors!, Red beets, gold beets, chioggia beets. What are we creating with these wonderful beets from Red Fire Farm?? You will just have to come visit us at the Somerville Winter Farmers Market on 2/14 and find out!, Come in and warm up with hot cup of coffee!, We will be closed today due to the weather.  We will see you tomorrow starting at 11:30am  Stay safe and warm!, Free snow with every order!  Take as much as you would like!, Brrrrr....it's supposed to be cold for the next few days.  Come in and take home some soup to keep you warm!, We will be closed today due to the weather.  Stay safe and dry!, It's Super Bowl Sunday and we say Go Pats!!!, Breakfast is served!, The Somerville Winter Farmers Market is open and there are so many great choices!  Stop by and visit us and take home some goodies!, Join us at the Somerville Winter Farmers Market tomorrow and try one of these new items!  Red bean and chickpea salad!  A trio of dips perfect for your super bowl party!  A bottle of salad dressing for your weekend dinner!   Stop by the other vendors and pick up some great breads and veggies to pair with!, Join us for a very special Somerville Winter Farmers Market this Saturday from 9:30am to 2pm.  We will be debuting a Roasted Red Pepper Hoummos!  We will also for the first time ever be bottling our homemade salad dressing!  A refreshing crisp blend of oils, lemon juice, garlic and mint!  $7/bottle Quantities are limited.  We will accept orders through email to pick up at the market!  info@cafebarada.net, A major snow storm is fast approaching but we are still hard at work coming up with our next creation!  Something new for the weekend!  Stay safe!, We are open right now!  Come in for a wonderful home cooked meal or bowl of soup to keep you warm today!, Time for breakfast!  Join us at the Somerville Winter Farmers Market!, Look what's coming back to the Somerville Winter Farmers Market tomorrow!  Meat pies and spinach pies!  Make are to come and take some home!, At the Somerville Winter Farmers Market tomorrow we will be offering namoura(a yogurt and farina cake)!  Sweet and yummy!  We will also be featuring a vegetarian kibby(ground pumpkin, cracked wheat, spinach, chickpeas!). Take a piece home and enjoy!, We ran out of baba ghanouj and hounmos last week at the Somerville Winter Farmers Market but don't worry friends we are making more!  Stop by early this Saturday and pick yours up!, Make sure to come in and check out our $20.15 selection of bottles wine!, It's lunch time and we have a great meal for you!  Pita pockets!  Chicken or falafil!, New this week. Falafel and Chicken Kebab pita pockets. Only at the Somerville Winter Farmers Market. Today 9:30 - 2:00., We are open today until 9pm and will be closed tomorrow 1/1/15!  Have a safe and Happy New Years!, We are open for dinner tonight!, Need a last minute gift or dessert?  We have you covered!  Baklava tins, holiday cards, olive oil or gift certificates!  Spinach pies, cabbage pies and meat pies!Come in for lunch and pick one up!, Holiday hours
12/24 1130 to 3
12/25 closed
12/26 3pm to 10pm, Zaatar. Hot and ready. Only at the Somerville Winter Farmers Market, Join us at the Somerville Winter Farmers Market today from 930 to 2.  We will be offering zaatar for breakfast.  Spinach and meet pies to take home!  Baklava tins for a gift for that special someone!, We will be at the Somerville Winter Farmers Market again this Saturday 12/20!  In addition to zaatar we will also be offering spinach pies and meat pies!  Need a last minute gift pick up a 3 piece baklava tin!, Looking for something to satisfy your sweet tooth??  Any one of these homemade baklava will do the trick!, Only 15 more days until 2015!, We are now back to our regular lunch and dinner hours!, Need a last minute gift?  We got you covered!  Olive oil gift bags or baklava along with a stunning holiday card from Yenny•grams!, We will open at 4 pm today, Lady Fingers!  Sheets of filo dough filled with ground cashews.  Great for the cashew lover!, Burma. Crunchy filo dough filled with whole pistachios and cinnamon and sugar!  A yummy treat!, We're at the Somerville Winter Farmers Market!  Come try something new. Zaater a traditional Lebanese brunch food., Come visit us at the Somerville Winter Farmers Market today from 930 to 2pm. Get some great holiday deals and some yummy food!, Join us every other Saturday starting 12/6!, Today is Small Business Saturday!  Go out and support a small business near your home or come in today for a meal and check out some of the great specials we are offering!, Forgot to pick up a pie?  Then come in and take some baklava home!, Thanksgiving week hours.
Wednesday 11/26 11:30 to 9pm
Thursday Closed
Friday 11/28 4pm to 10pm

Remember to place your holiday orders by this Saturday!, Thanksgiving Specials!

Hoummos Bowl $16
A 32 ounce container of our homemade hoummos!

Spinach Pies $24 per dozen 
One dozen pies stuffed with a tomato, spinach and onion filling.

Meat Pies $24 per dozen 
One dozen pies filled with a ground beef, tomato and onion filling.

Baklava Tin $22
Six pieces of our traditional Baklava in a Thanksgiving themed tin

Baklava Roll Tin $22
Six pieces of our new Baklava rolls
Chocolate peanut butter cashew
White chocolate macadamia
Almond, pecan and pistachio
Assortment Tin includes two each of the above

Email us at info@cafebarada.net to place your order!  Orders can be picked up on 11/25 or 11/26, Last Farmers market Thursday of the season!  Join us for the final market at Watertown Farmers Market at Arsenal on the Charles!  Bring the kids for some trick or treating, decorate and carve pumpkins and enjoy some great food!, It is an excellent day to have some falafil!!, null, It might be raining out but it is still Farmers Market Thursday!  Stop by and visit us at the Watertown Farmers Market at Arsenal on the Charles today from 3 to 7!  They will be giving away rewards and prizes throughout the night so put your rain boots on and support the market!, Come in and try our new homemade baklava rolls.  Stuffed with either a pecan, almond and pistachio filling or a chocolate, peanut butter and cashew filling!  Get them while they last!, Peppers are in the oven!, Meshi Flefli(stuffed peppers) and Msa'ah(baked eggplant) are on the menu for tonight after 5pm!, It might be raining today but the market is still open!  Come visit us at the Watertown Farmers Market at Arsenal on the Charles this afternoon from 3pm to 7pm for some yummy food.  Put your rain boots on!, Get dressed up and come have some fun!!, We are open today from 11:30am to 9pm.  Come in and let us do the cooking for you today!, It might be cold and rainy out but its a great day for a bowl of soup or one of our daily specials!  They are sure to warm you right up!, Today's homemade soups are served with complimentary dinner rolls from Iggy's - stop by and enjoy!, Its farmers market Thursday!  Join us again today at the Watertown Farmers Market at Arsenal on the Charles from 3pm to 7pm!  We will be featuring Chicken and Vegetable Soup, Split Green Pea and Cream of Broccoli along with an assortment of our dips!  We will also be featuring Snood al-Sit.  Filo dough filled with a cream filling, lightly fried and covered in syrup and pistachios!  We hope to see you there!, We are open!!, Don't forget we make our debut tonight at the Watertown Farmers Market at Arsenal on the Charles!  Join us from 3pm to 7pm!, Make sure to come and check out the Watertown Farmers Market at Arsenal on the Charles this and every Thursday for the month of October as we will be featuring many of our items there. 3-7PM, Today is North Cambridge Appreciation Day hosted by Century Bank in North Cambridge!  If you live in North Cambridge stop by and visit all the shops participating in the event for some great treats!, Its supposed to be a great weekend of weather!  Come join us for some outdoor seating and enjoy a great meal!, null, Pumpkin Kibby is back!!  Layers of ground pumpkin and cracked wheat stuffed with spinach, chickpeas and onions!  Pairs well with our pumpkin martini or any of our other fall harvest beverages!  Come in and get it before it is gone!, It's really hot out!  Come in and let us do the cooking for you and enjoy a great meal!  Also cool off by trying a watermelon mojito or a raspberry cosmo or a glass of fresh brewed iced tea!, Hope everyone enjoyed the Labor Day weekend!  We are back and will re-open at 4pm today!, Closed for vacation!  See you September 2nd at 4pm!, We will be serving stuffed peppers tonight after 5pm!, Come in today and tomorrow before we close until September 2nd!, http://cambridge.wickedlocal.com/article/20140808/NEWS/140807304, We will be closed starting August 17th and reopen on September 2nd!, Join us today as we donate a portion of today's sales to a long time friend of ours Allison who is riding in the Pan-Mass Challenge with Team Courage Coneheads!, It's hot out there. Let us do the cooking for you., Help us our by voting!
, It's a wonderful night for a wonderful event!  Join us at the taste of Taste of Cambridge !, We're looking for 1 or 2 more volunteers to help us pass out free samples at The Taste of Cambridge this Thursday evening from 5-9pm. If interested, please direct message or email us at info@cafebarada.net, Looking for something to do Thursday night?  Join us as we participate in the Taste of Cambridge!  All for a good cause!http://tasteofcambridge.com/, It's a Great night to come sit outside and hang out with us!, We are closed today July 4th and will open tomorrow July 5th at 11:30am.  Have a safe and Happy 4th of July!, We are looking for some part time help in our kitchen and in the front of the house as well.  Know someone who is looking and has experience then send them our way!, One year ago today we re-opened from our renovation project!  We can't believe it has been one year already!  If you haven't been in yet come by and check us out!, Looking to have your next party catered?  Let us do all the work for you!  Here is a look at a rehearsal dinner from this past weekend!, Such a nice day out!  Come join us for a meal and a drink outside on the patio!, Pumped about the mention in this week's The Boston Globe Magazine - check it out but try not to salivate all over your keyboard ;) @BostonGlobe  , Come in and try a locally crafted cider from Downeast Cider House and receive a free souvenir drinking jar!, Two days left!  Make a $10 or more donation and be entered to win one of two gift certificates to Cafe Barada!  Thank you for your support and generosity!
, Come in and try one of our new arak drinks!  The Holy Twist(arak, vodka, cherry juice) or the Citrus-tini(arak, clementine and lemon juices, pomegranate)!, Join us all week as we participate in Bakes for Breast Cancer!  We will be donating 100% of our Baklava sales to this great cause!  If you can't make it into our restaurant, make sure to visit Boston Bakes for Breast Cancer website and find another participating restaurant!, Its nice out come in and try our special of the day Kafta Sliders!  Seasoned ground beef with parsley and onion topped with tomato, onion and feta cheese on a toasted bun!  Pairs well with a Yuengling Lager!, Today's dessert special, Namoura!, Happy St Paddy's Day!  Join us tonight after 5pm for Warak Malfouf(stuffed cabbage rolls) and some Irish whiskey!, Welcome back to MA! We just got @Yuengling on tap., Brrr it is cold out!  So we are giving free cup of soup today when you mention you saw this, dine in with us and purchase a full priced entrée or daily special!  Stay warm!, Can you guess how many kinda of wine we have on our new wall?, It's hard to believe that one year ago today we served our last dinner before closing to renovate.  A look back at one year ago and today!  Thanks for a great year!!, null, Yummy, Tonight's menu! Hope you can join us!, Don't have plans for tomorrow night?  Then join us for a very special Valentin's dinner.  Here our master chef is preparing spinach pie one of six entrees available tomorrow night!, Try them all but we know you will be back to us!, We will be closed for the remainder of today 2/5.  Join us the rest of the week for some good home cooked food!, Make sure to stock up on some hoummus tonight before the storm., What's for dinner?  Meshi Koosa!  Baby stuffed zucchini with ground beef rice and tomatoes!, Come try the all new Three Island Martini! #TiniThursday, Come in and try a glass before it is gone!, We hope we can be your #5., Brrr its cold out!  Come in and have a bowl of hot lentil soup or one of our daily specials or try a Winter Toasty (hot chocolate with spiced rum and chocolate liquor) yummy!, Happy New Years Eve!!  Come in and join us for a great dinner!, Join us tonight for our holiday open house!  Bring a canned food item to donate!  Refreshment provided!  Cash bar!  Win dinner for 2!, Look what's now on tap!   Come in and try a glass!, From our family to yours Merry Christmas!!, Hope you can make it!, Need a last minute gift idea?  Come in and pick up a tin of desserts or a gift certificate or even both!  They will love it more then a box of chocolate!, null, Today is small business Saturday. Get out there and support small, local establishments!, Happy Thanksgiving!, Holiday Hours this week:
Tues - Weds: 11:30am - 9:00pm
Thurs: Closed Happy Thanksgiving!
Fri: 4:00pm - 10:00pm
Sat: 11:30am - 10:00pm, Traveling this week for Thanksgiving?  Consider taking some hoummus or baklava with you.  It will be the talk of the meal., Happy Halloween!, TGIF...come in and try the pumpkin kibby, great for a fall day!, It's finally the weekend!  It should be a great weekend too with the Head of the Charles going on., Have you tried the Mezze plate?  It's guaranteed to amaze you., New Gotham Project Wine on tap: Pacific Standard Cabernet. What's your favorite Wine on tap?, Therese is here all weekend long. Come in and say hello!, Who needs restaurant week?  We have arguably one of the best prix fixe 4 course meals for just $22. All year long!, You might have noticed something missing the last time you came in. A new awning is in the works!, Tonight's specials. (1)Spinach Pie (2)Ardishokee (Lamb, artichokes, green peppers, and carrots. #cafebarada, Thanks for you vote!, Come try some of our awesome desserts. We have Baklava, Rice Pudding and Lady Fingers!, Check out this wonderful article that ran in the Globe today!  , The Kafta Kebab Pita Roll-up. One of my favorites., Happy Friday!!  It's almost the weekend., Nice night for a 961 Lebanese Pale Ale. So good., We're hiring for all positions; grill cook, dishwasher, waiter/waitress.  Apply in person between 2pm and 4pm or email us at info@cafebarada.net, Its going to be hot all week!  Come in and let us do the cooking for you!, Starting to think about what we should put on our rotating tap next.  Any suggestions?, Friends, help us out by voting for us for BEST Middle Eastern!, Big shout out to the Dame family +2 for being the first group to eat out on the patio over the weekend!  They were a fun group to wait on., Outdoor patio is finally open!  Who's going to be the first brave soul to battle the heat and try it out., Have a Happy and safe 4th of July!  We will reopen tomorrow at 11:30am., Just got the umbrellas for outside, fence is on the way and a new awning is in the works. We're starting to get excited for our new patio dining area., It's finally the weekend!  Come in and grab some dinner., Come in and try our new vegetarian Kibby dish or falafel dinner!, New Hours: 
11:30am - 9:00pm Mon - Thur
11:30am - 10:00pm Fri - Sat
Sunday Closed, It's going to be hot out today come in and let us do the cooking for you!, Thank you all for a great first day back - wonderful seeing new and old friends.  To those who couldn't make it out tonight, we hope to see you some time over the reopening weekend!, We are pleased to announce we will be opening tomorrow Thursday June 13th at 5pm!, Still haven't thought about where you are going to go for Valentine's Day dinner?  Why don't you check us out.  We will be serving our everyday dinner menu., We will be open at 11am today!  Come by for a daily special or a cup of soup to keep warm!, I wonder what it's going to look like tomorrow...We shut down shop for the day. Stay safe everyone., Just in. Lebanese craft beers in Boston., This is some exciting news for the city!  I wonder if they will make it all the way out to North Cambridge.

http://www.boston.com/yourtown/news/cambridge/2013/02/pedicabs_coming_to_cambridge_i.html, It's a nice day to grab some lunch!  The Falafel sandwich is looking really good right now., null, Happy Friday! I hope everyone is excited for the long weekend., Attention Craft Beer Lovers:  Which 961 - "The Middle East's only Microbrewery" - beer should we get?  They are launching this month in the US., Don't forget to check your email. Today is the last day to redeem a free hummus app if you're a member of our email list., We are back to normal business hours today.  I hope everyone had a wonderful Holiday!, Holiday Hours: Today (12/24) we are open from 11am - 3pm and tomorow (12/25) we are closed.  We will resume our normal business hours on Wednesday., What is everyone's favorite winter beer?, 6 Days til Christmas!  Do you need a last minute gift for a coworker?  Give them some of our tasty Baklava.  We're open until 8:30 tonight!, Looking for something to do tomorrow night?  Check out the Somerville Illuminations Tour.   

http://www.somervilleartscouncil.org/illuminationstour, Still time to place your holiday orders!  Give us a call at 6173542112 or send us an email info@cafebarada.net!, Did we forget to mention if you buy 4 pieces baklava today you get two free!, Today is Small Buisness Saturday.  If you cant make it in to see us make sure you make it to one of your other favorite small business!  Also make sure to check out our deals today.  15% off when you place your holiday order today or recieve a bonus $5 gift certificate when you purchase $30., When your tired of your black friday shopping come in and get something to eat!!  Join us all day for some great food and as we offer double orders of our hoummos, tabbouleh or mujeddarra for $6.25*.  Come in today and check out all the black friday specials!, Happy Thanksgiving!!!!, Need a last minute gift to bring home for the weekend? Why don't you try some hummus or baklava. They will be the talk of the party., Did you know November 22 is Lebanese Independence day from the French., We would like to express our thanks to everyone who came out and supported efforts to raise money for the hurricane victims.  With your help and generous donations we were able to purchase over $550 worth of water, baby food, canned goods, tea, crackers, snacks, shampoo, soap, deoderant and much more!  We also were able to donate over 7 large filled bags of clothing, hats, jackets and more!  Thank you to all!, Thank you to all who have served. Happy Veteran's Day!, Final day that we are donating 10% of our sales to hurricane relief!  Come in today for something to eat or bring us a donation in form of cash, clothing, hats, gloves, baby food etc!  Thank you for your support!, Join us from now until this Saturday as we donate 10% of sales to help the people of New York and New Jersey who were affected by Hurricane Sandy.  Not hungry bring us your donations of cash, tolietries, coats and hats!  Thank you for your suppport!, We have some tasty treats today. Baklava, Namora and Lady Fingers!, November is American Diabetes Month!  Come in and make a donation of $2 or more and be entered to win a $25 gift certificate!  Help us find a cure!, Happy Halloween!!!!, http://www.boston.com/yourtown/news/cambridge/2012/10/cambridge_athletic_hall_of_fam_1.html, We are open today!  Come and visit us for a great meal!, Fall has finally arrived. We are serving Pumpkin Kibby tonight., Happy Friday!!  It's Therese's last weekend here before she heads to the west coast, make sure to come in and see her before she leaves., Welcome back students!! Make sure to stop in for a bite while you're unpacking., We're back from vacation!  Did you miss us?, It's hot out there...but it's really cool in here., Help us win by voting for us!

http://boston.cityvoter.com/cafe-barada/biz/153033, Happy 4th of July everyone!, It's Hot out there.  Let us do the cooking for you tonight., Happy Father's day to all the dads out there!  One special shout out to our Dad, Sami!!, What a beautiful day! What better way to end it then with dinner at Cafe Barada., Happy Friday everyone!, null, Congratulations to all of the graduates this weekend!, It's not too late to join team Cafe Barada in this weekends Tour de Cure to benefit Diabetes. If interested, please message us for details., Make sure to come in this week and get some yummy Baklava!  100% of our sales of Baklava will got to Boston Bakes for Breast Cancer! , Check out a well known Lebanese Musician.  , Order your Easter favorites.  We have spinach pies, meat pies and mamools which are traditional Easter cookies stuffed with dates or walnuts!  Call or email us today for pick up this weekend!, Join us tomorrow(3/17) after 5pm for some homemade cabbage rolls!, Hoummos makes a great Superbowl dip!  Come in and get some!, For every $5 donated today and tomorrow(2/1) you will be entered to win a Superbowl Party Platter!, One week left to enjoy some great wines at a great price $20.12!, Tired of baking and need some help?  Come in and pick up some wonderful homemade desserts!  We have baklava, lady fingers, burma and many more!, Looking for something to do tonight.  Support some local shops in Davis Square!  We'll be open, but only until 9pm., Today is Small Business Saturday, make sure to go out and support some small local shops!, Happy Thanksgiving!, Looking for a last minute dessert idea?  We got your answer!  Baklava, Lady Fingers and Bird Nests are available for you to purchase!, null, November is Diabetes Awarness Month.  Join us all month long and for every $2 you donate you can pick an envelope containing one of five dicount cards!!  Every envelope is a winner!  You can win dicounted meals and appetizers, free appetizers or gift certificates!, Help us Win by voting us for Best Middle Eastern!, Come in and make a $2 donation to the American Diabetes Association Tour de Cure and be entered to win a $50 gift certificate to Cafe Barada., Let us Know!  What is your favorite fall beer?, We're back from vacation today!!!  We had a wonderful time off, but we're happy to get back and see all of our wonderful customers again!, null, Thank you to everyone who voted!  We finished in 2nd place for the Boston A-List 2011!, Did you know we served over 11000 falafels last year. If you stacked them on top of each other, they would be taller than the worlds largest building., Happy Friday!!, Great day for a glass of sangria or one of our summer wines!, Tonight we'll be serving Spinach Pie (#20)!  Come in and get some., Its hot out let us do the cooking for you or come in and enjoy a great meal along with one of our summer beverages!, Last Day to purchase your Wine and Dine Tickets for tommorrow!  Email info@cafebarada.net or call us at 617-354-2112!, Sangria is back!!  Come in and try a glass of Arabian Day(Peach and Orange) or Arabian Night(Cheery and Lime)!, Happy Cinco de Mayo!!, Will be particiapting in Bost Bakes for Breast Cancer this week!  We will be donating all sales from our homemade baklava to helping find a cure for breast cancer!  Come out and buy a piece or two!, Thank you to everyone who came out over the weekend!  We donated $325 to the ADA Tour de Cure!, If you didnt make it in yesterday remember we are once again donating 10% of our sales today to the American Diabetes Association Tour de Cure!  Can't make it in then use the link below to make a donation to the cause or join us on Sunday May 15th for our Wine and Dine event!  Email info@cafebarada.net for more details!, Remember to join us today as we donate 10% of our sales to the American Diabetes Association Tour de Cure!  Come out and support the cause!, 1 Month until the "Tour de Cure" for Diabetes!  It's not too late to join our team or donate to the cause.  Every little bit counts!, Last day to place your order for the weekend holiday specials!  Meat Pies, Spinach Pies, Cabbage Pies and traditional Easter cookies!  Email your order in or give us a call!, Look at what we're cooking up for tonight! Meshi Flefli - Green peppers stuffed with beef, rice, & tomatoes. Come in and get some., It's a beautiful Saturday afternoon, come out and enjoy some Hummus or Tabbouleh!, We would like to express our thanks to everyone who came out over the weekend and took part in our efforts to raise money for the people of Japan.  Cafe Barada was able to donate over $300 to this cause!  Thank you for your continued support!, Didnt make it in yesterday come in today and have 10% of your sale donated to the Japan relief fund, Join us today as 10% of your sale will be donated to the Japan relief fund, We have postponed our event Food for a Cause: A benefit to help cure Diabetes until April 22 & 23.  The reason for the postponement is as you are all aware by now Japan has devastated by global tragedies & we have decided to turn fundraising efforts to help a country in need.   On Friday March 18th and Saturday March 19th we will still be donating 10% of all our sales but to aid in helping the people of Japan., $2 IPA and UFO...$1.50 UFO Raspberry sounds like a great way to spend the day!, Happy Friday Everyone!!!, Today is a good day for some homemade Lentil Soup or Chicken and Vegetable Soup!, is open this Presidents Day!  Come in for something to eat!, Check out this great article on Cambridge in The Improper Bostonian!  We're included!, null, Check out todays Cambridge Chronicle Meet the Chef Series!, Come in tonight and try one of our Valentine's Day Specials...Veggie or Shrimp Kebabs and chicken thighs!  Also try one of our three bottled wine specials!, Need an idea for Valentine's Day, check us out. No prix fixe menu., is open right now come in for something warm to eat!, Come in for some good home cooking today!, come in and dine with us today Jan 24th and recieve a free cup of soup or cup of tea when you purchase and lunch or dinner entree or daily special!, will be serviing stuffed cabbage rolls after 5p.m. tonight!, is now open!  Come in and keep warm with one of our daily specials or a bowl of soup!, will be participating in Boston Bakes for the second year in a row!  Details to come in the near future!, now serving gluten free rice!, not sure what to have for dinner tonight?  Come in and try some Pumpkin Kibby or Fasolia'b'laham(lima beans and lamb)!  Both will be ready after 5pm!, is open!  Come in and have a bowl of lentil soup and a falafil sandwich to stay warm!, Join us for $20.11 bottles of wine and two daily specials for $20.11(M-Th)!, Mmmmm Yummy!  Come in and get some Znoud Al-Sit., You can follow us on Twitter now, @CafeBarada, Is closed due to the weather.  Should anything change we will keep you posted.  Stay warm today!, Two Daily Specials for $20.11 continues from today until this Thursday!, Thank you for helping us win the Boston A-List Award!  Your support is greatly appreciated!, Join us for $20.11 bottles of wine and two daily specials for $20.11!, Interesting article we found on CC fees., Happy New Years!, Open until 3p.m. and then closed until the New Year!  Merry Christmas and Happy New Year from our family to yours!, Need a last minute gift?  COme in and check out our holiday dessert collection!, Hey everyone, please vote for Cafe Barada as #1 Middle Eastern Restaurant using the link.  We need your support. - Thanks the Salameh Family, Its small business Saturday.  Go out today and support any small business!, Its a weekend of savings at Cafe Barada!  Make sure to come in today and tommorrow and check out all the special offers we are running!, won the 2010 digthis award!  Thanks to everyone who voted!, Last day to vote!, Four days left to get in your Thanksgiving orders in for our special pricing!, Harpoon IPA, UFO and UFO Raspberry a few of the new bottled beers added to our menu.  Come in and try one with our newest appetizer Sambousek(Lightly fried dough stuffed with ground beef)!, Mama Salameh looking good in the Kitchen!!!, Come in and try one of our seasonal beverages!  Citrus Iced Tea, Warm Apple Cider and more!, is back from vacation!  Come in and try one of our newly added wines!, 9 hours til vacation!  Come in and pick something up to eat or have a glass of sangria to stay cool!, Will be closed for vacation starting July 29th and will re-open Monday August 9th at 11a.m., Falafel Time!!, $15 and $20 bottles of wine until the end of the month!, Come in and try a glass of our Sangria! Back for a limited time only!, Help us find the cure for diabetes.  Every little bit counts!  https://donations.diabetes.org/site/Donation2?idb=2072239098&df_id=6560&FR_ID=6840&PROXY_ID=2333131&6560.donation=form1&PROXY_TYPE=20&JServSessionIdr004=2tq5inuag2.app224b, Join us all week as we partcipate in Boston Bakes for Breast Cancer!  Come in and buy some Baklava and all the proceeds from the sale will be donated to breast cancer research!, We are re-opening today with a new look and the same great tasting food we have served for the past 25 years!  Come in and check us out!, Need plans fo Sunday afternoon?  Join us for a Wine and Dine fundraising event to benefit the American Diabetes Association.  We will be sampling 5 wines and 1 beer along with a full spread of food.  Cost $30 per person or 2 for $55.  For more details email info@cafebarada.net., We will be closed until Thursday April 29th @ 5p.m as we make some renovations!, Please remember to vote!  Time is running out!  http://thephoenix.com/theBest/Boston/Vote/RestaurantMiddleEastern/#TOPCONTENT, Come in and try our Winter Berry Sangria!, We've been nominated for The Boston Phoenix "The Best Restaurant, Middle Eastern" award!  Help us out by voting each and every day., would like to thank everyone who came out and supported Food for a Cause this past Saturday!  Over $1000 was raised and donated to this effort!, Food for a Cause: A benefit for the earthquake of Haiti is taking place tommorrow!  We hope to see you there!, Bottle Wine Special!  $20.10 for select bottles of wine., Cafe Barada, winners of the 2008 Best Middle Eastern Restaurant DigThis Award, has been nominated for a second year in a row for the 2009 DigThis Awards presented by the Weekly Dig Magazine.  You can help us out by voting for us underMiddle Eastern Restaurants.  Thanks, FREE Hummus appetizer with any purchase to the first 20 customers who mention this post today, Monday September 21, 2009.)