List(CKI is proud to be working with former Harvest Executive Chef and Grill 23 Executive Sous Chef Josh Foley as he opens Avenue in Medfield Massachusetts.  Construction is in full swing and we're looking forward to a spring opening., The Friendly Toast opened this week in the Back Bay.  This project was a blast to work on and bonus it's close enough to our office that we can go over for a chicken and waffles lunch., STRIP by Strega one of the 10 Hottest New Steakhouses!  "Strip by Strega seats about 190 people in a shimmery steakhouse designed by Boston's CKI Design Studio" ~ Zagat, Friendly Toast construction is in full swing.  They will be serving Caribbean Waffles in time to make you forget winter., Construction began in early November for the Market Cafe in Padanaram Village.  Padanaram is in South Dartmouth, Massachusetts on the Apponagansett Bay.  It's a beautiful location., The Friendly Toast Benny is just what we need for breakfast, lunch and dinner.  We're blissed out to be a part of all day breakfast in the Back Bay., null, null, null, This is Rina's exterior rendering.  The exterior photo in the North End Waterfront New shows how great a job Harold, at Withrow Signs & Awnings, did in building the signs to the design., Rina's is opening this week!, Billy Costa does a wonderful review, with a great video, of STRIP by Strega for NESN., Awesome photos of STRIP by Strega on Urban Daddy., Five points to the first person who can spot Jerome in this time-lapse video of the STRIP by Strega construction process., The Globe review of Seoul Kitchen is a Yes, yes, yes!  Love it when other people love projects we loved working on., Ceiling panels have started going up at Strip by Strega.  They change the whole feel of the space.  We can't wait until they have all been installed.  It's going to be amazing., At Strip by Strega the bar and the drink rail look amazing in progress.  We can't wait to show them to you when they're done., This is the beer tap feed at Seoul Kitchen.  Seriously cool!  Core Construction is knocking it out of the park., Construction is zooming along at Strip by Strega.  The mechanicals are almost complete.  The first photo shows how much is going on simultaneously in the space and the second photo is of the street closing required to get some of the larger mechanical units onto the roof., The sculptural wall and the main bar are in progress at Seoul Kitchen in Westford., Rocco's in the North End is nearing the end of construction., Seoul Kitchen framing is in full swing., Demolition is in full swing at Strip by Strega in Boston., Demolition has finished at Seoul Kitchen in Westford.  Framing pictures coming soon., Nixs Hartford has opened and it looks amazing., At Mother Anna's in Pembroke construction is zooming along.  Here you can see the stone has gone up and both the lighting and the furniture have started to go in., Love this video on Strega Prime from the Phantom Gourmet. They're right restaurants don't get any more fantastic. It was a great project to work on., Framing and trim work continues at Mother Anna's In Pembroke., Construction crews at NIXS Hartford have started framing in the long bar built around the giant structural A frame of steel beams., Causeway is sooooo close to opening you can practically smell the BBQ., The contractor at Mother Anna's is flying.  Framing is almost complete.  Here you can see the view from the dining room window wall into the bar and the rendering of the same view., Mother Anna's finishes have a warm comfortable feeling with a Tuscan flair.  Which stone would you prefer, which fabric?  All the options will look good together, do you like one over the other?, The Phantom Gourmet enjoys BBQ and a great design at SlowBones., We love reviews that say our designs ooze elegance.  Check out the great photos and wonderful descriptions of Strega Prime Italian Steakhouse in this rave review., CKI is happy to be working with Alan Caparella on Mother Anna's in Pembroke., Causeway Restaurant and Pub is close to opening.  Here you can see the upstairs bar is almost finished., Nix's Mate in Hartford has begun construction.  You don't get to see a back hoe working indoors too often., The exterior at Causeway has been completely re-clad.  Soft opening is next Monday!, The raw steel accents are going up at Causeway Street.  The design has an industrial edge to it., Last week Chronicle did a wonderful segment called City Style in the Suburbs.  Here is a link to the 5 minute segment.  From 2:48 to 5:40 they do a beautiful feature on Strega Prime Italian Steakhouse. http://www.wcvb.com/chronicle/29-sudbury-and-strega-prime/-/12523032/23865988/-/14syywf/-/index.html  , The construction is picking up steam at Causeway St Restaurant & Pub in Boston.  Here you can see the exterior brick has arrived and the Chicago grid has been installed in the ceiling along with the HVAC ducting., Blogger Molly Galler takes the most wonderful pictures.  Here she reviews Crush Pizza a CKI design that opened in November 2013. http://popbopshop.blogspot.com/2013/11/dining-out-crush-pizza.html, null, Rufus is ready for some BBQ., Please join us in a big welcome to CKI's newest employee W. Rufus.  Rufus will be in charge of morale, chew toys and accounting., Crush Pizza is open and looking great!, Crush Pizza will be opening soon.  Check out a side by side comparison of the exterior now and the rendering.  You can see the posts on Crush Pizza and the original exterior photograph by Rachael Leah Blumenthal at http://boston.eater.com/tags/crush-pizza, Slowbones BBQ will be opening soon.  It's all coming together., One of our newest projects is this awesome space in Hartford.  The 26 foot ceilings provide a great opportunity., Just for fun, here are a few of the nine quick sketches Jerome drew of the smoker so the Slowbones owners could decide the look they wanted and what would work best with their operations, shelves or a pass-thru window., This gives you an idea of how beautiful the wood is.  Moda Hardwood Flooring makes custom woods that are stunning.  The grain is brought out with a limed finish so it is really soft and pretty.  Behind the new counters you see the smoker in its ledge-stone surround., The stone wall has been finished.  It's a beautiful colonial tan ledge-stone and it's real stone not a veneer or a panel.  Each stone is hand cut and laid individually.  We've also started the counter installation and a lot of the wood trim, including the beams.  The wood is so gorgeous we're going to post a close up so you can see the detailing., The stone and the beams have been going up.  This picture is from last week.  Tomorrow we post pictures that show how much progress has been made in a week.  (it's a lot!), Construction is moving right along for Slow Bones Modern BBQ in Burlington.  In this photo you can see where the giant smoker is going.  If you really use your imagination you can smell the delicious BBQ you'll be able to get soon., Check out this quick video of the Strega Prime Italian Steakhouse opening party., Construction at Causeway Street in Boston is really getting underway.  It should be open for Hockey season at the Garden., Framework going up for the sloped ceiling at Slow Bones in Burlington., More pictures of Strega Prime.  Let us know what you think., null, Here's a little taste of Strega Prime.  More photos to come soon!, Working into the night to get Strega Prime open for the big party Sunday. This is the marquee awning coming together. It's seriously Hollywood & it doesn't even have all the sparkly bits yet., Construction has started on Causeway Street.  We're turning the Penalty Box into this jewel box of a building with a two story restaurant and bar.  The next time you're at The Garden check it out., A quick peak at the managed chaos of construction at Strega Prime in Woburn.  In a few short weeks Nick and Jerome have created the same magic that makes Strega Waterfront so beautiful.  Stay tuned for progress photos.  It's going to move fast!, Eleven Forty Nine still looks gorgeous after all these years.  The design really holds up.  It looks fresh and timeless., Well deserved congratulations to 80 Thoreau once again named one of the 50 best restaurants by Boston Magazine.  Check out the article and don't miss 80 Thoreau - they are first on the list!, CKI's design transports you to a backyard barbeque...as fall and then winter arrive that is going to be more and more welcome., The Eliot Hotel has some new art in the lobby but did you know Jerome designed the hotel's 09 rooms.  Definitely where to stay on your next visit to Boston.  CKI does more than restaurant design.  We'll start featuring some of our club, hotel and retail design here so you can see it all., Check out TV Diner's visit to the Back Deck.  Billy snared a great booth., The interior photos in this piece are great.  Take a peek., The Burrito Bandito trailer is taking its first road trip.  It just looks so cool., The graphics on the Burrito Bandito trailer are almost completed.  This photo shows the back of the trailer in the process of having the final graphic wrap applied by the Boston Building Wraps crew.  Check out more in-progress photos in the newest album.  http://tinyurl.com/crtcjx6, null, Best of the West, that's 80 Thoreau.  Congratulations!, Mr. Mayor touting the Back Deck!!, The Burrito Bandito food truck goes into production today.  Let's hope they work fast.  It's scheduled to appear at the Marshfield Fair on August 17th.  Check out the full design including the top of the truck.  Is that a mask?  Yup.  It's food good enough to steal., The Back Deck is getting so many great reviews. People love the food and rave about the cool design featuring multiple different deck concepts and a cool woven brass feature wall., Great reading in an amazing piece from the Improper Bostonian about 80 Thoreau Chef, Carolyn Johnson, and all the other wonderful female chefs in Boston., I remember seeing this spatula when it was just a 3d sketch-up model - just a model Jes spent a 100 hours creating! And now because of all that hard work it's a fabulous store front. I mean how cool is the big spatula!, More and more people are expounding on how spectacular 80 Thoreau is.  Go to Concord, try the burger or our favorite, the Seared Striped Bass.  Find out why Carolyn Johnson is our favorite chef...oh, and enjoy the beautiful atmosphere, CKI designed the restaurant, but you knew that., Take a quick peek at the food truck CKI is designing.  We have to keep most of it under wraps, but let's just say the design sizzles and the food is going to be good enough to steal!, Food Trucks are all the rage. See this Boston Magazine article.  Wait until you see the food truck CKI design studio is designing - check out our next post for a preview., 80 Thoreau keeps gathering up awards - well deserved awards.  Congratulations Ian and Vince!, Strega Waterfront is gorgeous. Check out this 30 second spot they'll be showing in Boston area theaters., Great photo of the Back Deck in the Globe., null, Here is a wonderful article in the Harvard Gazette about the new Stone Hearth Pizza in Allston.  This is CKI design studio's second gas station conversion and as co-owner Jonathan Schwarz says “It’s gone from fueling your car to fueling your body.”  We are happy to read the article's great description of the space -  "A terrifically warm, modern and sustainainably built space, the 40-seat restaurant still hints at its past. Two large glass-lined garage doors form one wall. (The doors are fully functioning and will be rolled back for outdoor seating and dining when weather allows.) A second wall of floor to ceiling windows creates a light, welcoming space framed by orange and yellow walls. But the focal point of the dining area is the wide, warm arch of Stone Hearth’s steel fronted pizza oven and its pizza prep-counter."  To read the whole article see the following link., To celebrate 80 Thoreau's first year, CKI's website is featuring new pictures of the space.  Visit the portfolio section at www.ckidesignstudio.com to check them out., Congratulations to 80 Thoreau, celebrating an amazing first year.  Happy Birthday Ian and Vincent., We are really excited Patrizia's renovations have begun.  Stay tuned, we'll be posting construction photographs soon., We did envision Vince in a bow tie when we designed the restaurant.  Nothing about 80 Thoreau ever disappoints.  It's fantastic., TWO restaurants recently designed by CKI design studio are among the 50 Best Restaurants in Boston of 2011- according to Boston Magazine! 

Congrats to 80 Thoreau and Citizen Public House!

http://www.bostonmagazine.com/articles/the_50_best_restaurants_2011/page1
http://www.80thoreau.com/ 
, Facade has been painted!, For more photos and information: www.ckidesignstudio.com, Stone Hearth Pizza Allston is open and looking good!!!! 

Head to 182 Western Avenue Allston, MA 02134, on the corner of Western Avenue and N. Harvard Street! 

http://www.facebook.com/StoneHearthPizza?ref=ts, Stone Hearth Pizza in Allston, MA is getting closer and closer to opening! 

http://www.facebook.com/photo.php?fbid=233362543384208&set=a.211738265546636.58816.108076862579444&type=1&theater, null, For more photos and information: www.ckidesignstudio.com, null, Kowloon Restaurant is starting demolition in the Hong Kong Lounge! Check in for updates as the construction moves along!! (Before, during, and after), For more photos and information: www.ckidesignstudio.com, Kowloon Restaurant is starting demolition in the Hong Kong Lounge! Check in for updates as the construction moves along!! (Before, during, and after), We hadn't pictured 80 Thoreau as a woman during the design process, but it's still interesting to know who she'd be...

"The restaurant is sophisticated rather than showy, well heeled but not ostentatious — the equivalent of a woman with proudly undyed hair and only the barest traces of makeup, but high cheekbones and perfect posture."

http://www.bostonmagazine.com/restaurants/articles/dining_out_at_80_thoreau/page1, Kowloon Restaurant is starting demolition in the Hong Kong Lounge! Check in for updates as the construction moves along!! (Before, during, and after), Red booths are ready!, New Stone Hearth Pizza in construction! Coming Soon to the corner of N. Harvard Street and Western Avenue, Allston, MA! Construction by Delta Design and Construction Inc. See photo album on our page!, null, For more photos and information: www.ckidesignstudio.com, For more photos and information: www.ckidesignstudio.com, http://www.necn.com/07/16/11/Chevrolet-Diner-for-a-Day-visits-80-Thor/landing_tvdiner_dinerforaday.html?blockID=541660&feedID=4413, For more photos and information: www.ckidesignstudio.com, KitchenBAR is in construction! See photo album!

Owner of Sammy's Pizzeriari is expanding and renovating the current restaurant to become KitchenBAR! www.sammyspizzeriari.com , For more photos and information: www.ckidesignstudio.com, CKI design studio paired a clean New England aesthetic with the rustic atmosphere of the original Concord train depot to compliment restaurateur Ian Calhoun's philosophy for 80 Thoreau "The food is simple but elegant and the
service is thoughtful and approachable."  Smooth Vermont soap stone and rough wood plank walls balance harmoniously with a simple painted wood wainscot and banquettes that are sleek and soft in texture and tone. The progressive fine-dining restaurant offers New American cuisine in a menu thoughtfully crafted by Chef Carolyn Johnson, former Chef de Cuisine of Rialto, with Vincent Vela, of Per Se and Craft, orchestrating the service., CKI design studio is proud to introduce 80 Thoreau. Please visit the restaurant’s website at www.80Thoreau.com  )