List(Well? Any takers?, Well, I just finished the New Year's Eve menu for Night Market.  $60 for 5 courses.  $5/course for sake pairings.  Who's in?

New Year’s Eve Menu
 
Tuna Tartare
Avocado, soy, crispy rice
-or-
Beef Tartare
Lemongrass, shallot, chili
***
Winter Melon Soup
Pork, preserved turnip broth
-or-
Curried Cauliflower Soup
Garam masala crème fraiche, crab
***
Spicy Grilled Prawn
Mixed pepper escabeche, cilantro chimichurri
-or-
Pan Seared Sea Scallop
Okinawa purple sweet potato puree, ginger and scallion caramel
***
Tea Smoked Duck Breast
Confit fried rice, clementine “duck sauce”
-or-
“Saigon Before The Fall”
Grilled sirloin, foie scented shaky jus, bitter greens
***
“Vietnamese Coffee”
Tres leches cake, Vietnamese coffee ice cream, sweetened condensed milk, null, For those of you who didn't know, I'm running the show at Night Market.  We're having a little soiree this saturday., Right now: shopping for dinner. In 4 hours: teaching a pal a knife skills class and cooking dinner with her for her boy and some of my palz., Thanks to everyone who came out last night. And a special thanks to the best crew anyone could ask for...  The crew at Abigail's Restaurant, Zac Tran, Hart Lowry, Johnny Hedron, Blayne Daley, Christina Elise Hogue, and Frana Burtness-Adams.  A serious dream team.  And to the B.D.C. who always have my back when I need them., For those who didn't get tickets, I'll be selling the remaining food a la carte starting at 9PM at Abigail's in Kendall Square!, As much as I can go it alone, I think it would be nice if I had a prep monkey with me tonight overnight., 24 hours til heavy prep begins.  I am a glutton for punishment., So psyched that I have the lovely Blayne Daley, Frana Burtness-Adams, and  Christina Elise Hogue as well as the staff at Abigail's Restaurant supporting me up front on Monday, as well as my buddy John Hedron running the pass for me.  It's gonna be fun!, Well it looks like I'll be cooking for over 50 people..., Only 20 more minutes until I know just how much product I have to buy, how much food I have to prep, and how many people I'm gonna try to rock., Only 8 and a half hours before ticketing closes for the Hutong Provisions popup event at Abigail's in Kendall Square!  Click here for tix! https://www.eventbrite.com/e/hutong-provisions-tickets-10940807249, There are only 4 more days to get your tickets to the Hutong Provisions popup event at Abigail's Restaurant in Kendall Square!  There are still seats available for both the 7pm and 8pm seatings.  Don't have tix yet?  Get them here:  http://tinyurl.com/l7kxfel
Already got yours?  Tell a friend!, Hey guys!  There's a little more than a week before ticket sales end.  If you've been procrastinating your purchase you know what they say procrastination is like...  Get 'em here: http://tinyurl.com/l7kxfel, Hey kids!  There are still tickets available to the popup on 4/28.  Go to http://tiny.cc/45y3dx to buy tickets now!  Tell you friends!, Hah!  H-mart opens just in time for my popup., I just want to let you all know that there is gonna be some heat on these pickles., It's a pickle party tonight!  My buddy Shawn Cameron from The Franklin Cafe hooked me up with a half a case of green tomatoes and Trevor from Siena Farms sold me some of his fantastic daikon.

Remember there are tickets still available for both the 7PM and 8PM seatings of the popup at Abigail's in Kendall Square on 4/28.  Get 'em now and tell your friends!, The second block of tickets have now been released.  If all 50 tickets are sold, I'll make the event a dim sum style event complete with cards & stamps., I'm so psyched that half of the first block of tickets are sold. Once we sell 2/3 of the tickets, I'll release the next block!, Eventbrite for the Hutong Provisions popup event at Abigail's Restaurant.

http://www.eventbrite.com/e/hutong-provisions-tickets-10940807249?aff=eorg

, Amuse, dumpling course, noodle course, entree course, dessert sound right?, It's set!  Monday, 4/21, at Abigail's Restaurant on Third Street in Kendall Square!  Stay tuned for menu and ticket information., I have a new lead and a meeting on Thurs to pin it all down.  It's gonna happen.  It's gonna go down., First choice fell through due to scheduling...  Anyone else got any ideas?, null, Currently getting a background check done by the place I want to have my popup.  Fingers crossed., ust locked down a prep space. Now I just have to work out the venue. #hutongprovisionscomingsoon  Thanks Krista Kranyak and Grass Fed JP, null, Poll time:  For my first popup (which will most likely be a late night), would you rather see a coursed, plated dinner, a family style meal, or a passed, small plates event?, null, Pretty psyched Scott Holiday will be slinging Tom & Jerrys on Monday Night at Rendezvous in Central Square., What's so funny?, You should also check out @hutongprovision on Twitter.  You need the link?  Here ya go.
https://twitter.com/HutongProvision, This social media stuff is tough.  I guess I know why people get paid for it these days., null, null, Looking for places to host my popup.  Anyone interested?)