List(thank you for a great first #Saturday open, my friends!!! happy you had more time to eat your foods here, chat, and welcome #tourists, have a beautiful #Sunday 😊! #mexicanfood, Some of you wake up early on weekends! Very happy to serve you on our first Saturday open my dears, we'll see more of you here ;)!, Happy Friday my dears! Today we have pineapple #fruitwater and #horchata and as a special: MEATBALLS IN #MORITA PEPPER SAUCE! Morita is a spicy but very tasty pepper, and I cook the sauce with garlic and herbs. You can enjoy the #meatballs as tacos (2-$7.50) or a plate ($10.99). So come on over, have a cookie, and try these beef meatballs for lunch or to take for dinner ;)!, what a bright, beautiful day in the neighborhood! we'll see you here for lunch and a chat my dears :)! #holaspring, Oh boy, oh boy, oh boy! The sun has brought out all our friends and we are LOVING IT ;D!!! We hope that everyone is ready to start enjoying the nice weather, especially on weekends, because starting April 2nd we are OPEN ON SATURDAYS!!! Make plans and come by, and I'll make more #burritos, 11am to 5pm my friends! #holaspring!, having double vision of our #flan... or just visions ;)?! well we just made more with a #chocolate sugar #glaze that's yuuuuuuum delicious!, fruit, fruit, and more #fruit! Some for us and some for you! Today: #cantaloupe #fruitwater and #papaya #licuado ;)!, All the #eggs have been found! If you got a prize message amongst your jelly beans, like our sweet friend Susie here, make sure you come to get it my friends :)! #Easter #chocolatebunny, we're ready with the #eggs, filled with #candy and #prizes... And of course, sweet #tamales!!! 😄🌼🐣, Thank you God; thank you my dears friends; this happened...THANKS TO YOU ALL!!! Thank you Boston.com/Uncommon for this wonderful opportunity. Have a blessed Good Friday♡♡♡ #BostonUncommon, so, guess what happened tonight 😄 🙌 😄?!?! #BostonUncommon #bestburritoinboston, Whether you work or are off tomorrow, come over- we got fun planned for you! Sweet #tamales and #prizes in eggs ;)!, Do you already eat our hearty meat or veggie #tamales? Well... Get ready to try a sweet surprise for easter! This Friday come and get traditional PINK TAMALES WITH RAISINS! We'll have them starting at breakfast and until they run out ;) #tamaldedulce, My friends, if you were order 986248 today (3/23) could you please give us a call? Thank you in advance: 617-957-0725!, Our dear friends, please be aware that Thursday (3/24) and Friday (3/25) we will close EARLY at 6PM for Easter week services. Thank you!, the niche is ready with jars of #salsa for you to have at your #easter gatherings!  🌼☀️💐#blacksalsa #salsajar, craving a healthy pre-dinner #snack? search no more: come get sweet & tangy #mangos! In Mexico we eat them sliced with some #limejuice and #sweetchili pepper powder. Not spicy and it'll fill that little hole in your belly ;)! #mangosenchilados #holaspring 👋🌼!, Good morning my friends! We are here getting your food ready, call ahead to order if you're cold: 617-957-0725! We would like to show you our Employee of The Month, Fernando, cooking chorizo! He is one of our  team members who arrives at 6:30am to begin cooking meats and prepping lines or burrito tortillas, and he's been hard at work learning how to fold burritos too. Please say congrats if you'd like when you see him! Gracias Fernando!, My friends, these are the last three days to vote for the Boston.com Uncommon awards! If you have a chance before Monday, 3/21, and think we deserve your vote please visit: www.boston.com/uncommon to vote :)!, Feeling particularly tired (hungover) today? Well, we've got the solution for you! Try our special: #CHILAQUILES! A touch of crunch from tortillas, a kick to wake you up from spicy tomato salsa, and a whole lot of flavor from cheese, sour cream and chicken!, come and get yours ;)! Happy Saint Patrick's day my friends: "May there always be work for your hands to do; May your purse always hold a coin or two; May the sun always shine on your window pane; May a rainbow be certain to follow each rain; May the hand of a friend always be near you; May God fill your heart with gladness to cheer you."
 #freshfruitwaters #limewater #aguadelimon, Hello my friends 😄 We have some exciting news! We've been nominated as a contestant for the #BostonUncommon awards under "best two-handed #burrito" category!!! Reader voting takes place through March 21 at www.Boston.com/Uncommon. We're very happy to have this joy and honor because we were eager to open to bring you exactly this- the best #burritos! Please, if you have one minute and would like to gift us your vote visit the website- you don't even have to sign up or add your email to vote!, Let's start a new thing: #tamaltuesday, because #tamales are as great as #tacos! Beat this rain and call ahead to pick up ;) 617-957-0725, Horchata, #Horchata, Horchata! Come get this refreshing drink and taste some #spring ;)!, Do you  hear that sizzling? It's #fishtaco time ;D!!! See you at lunch kiddos!, My deeears, remember to call us by 9am with your lunch orders for tomorrow! We're ready for your Friday fiestas ;)! 617-957-0725, We’re in the business of sharing our culture and heritage through authentic Mexican food, and much love., My dear friends, today we're celebrating the birthday of one of our youngest AND longest "fans." We met this little lady when she was months old, and believe it or not she shocked her parents and us when she began eating our salsa at 1! We've loved seeing you grow up, and you'll always be our little girl too, but we are so excited to continue seeing you grow up our sweet friend, don't stop being so sweet and smart and thoughtful!!! HAPPY 10TH BIRTHDAY ANNA!!!, ooooh that #mole! just finished about 5 gallons of this delicious sauce you love so much, to finish the week strong 💪!, how people find us, remember us and try us ;) thanks to a nice gentleman yesterday for sharing this with us!, guess what? You asked and we listened: jalapeño slices are available upon request for your burritos now :), Behold, the beauty of a #chileancho! These dried peppers, along with two more dried chiles, spices and herbs, are what make your #chorizo so good! A little video about how we use dried chiles is coming ;), My friends we are now closed for the day, we served almost 300 friends today nonstop- and hopefully had no issues with any orders but please do let us know- and are now wiped out of food!!! Thank you for such a beautiful day, and I'd like to share this paparazzi photo ;) of our three friends Gary, Greig & Tom enjoying their burritos after we hadn't seen them since we left the gas station. They would come weekly, if not twice or three times a week, for their spicy mole burritos regardless of the weather or else. Today when they walked in they reminded us of the amazing times at our little spot and how amazing our friends are. Thanks for coming back my dear gentlemen, we loved seeing you, and everyone have a great weekend :)!!!, When the #beans boil and we refry them for seasoning and the extra juice is taken out so that all we serve you is beans, does that juice go to waste? OF COURSE NOT! Mexicans are not wasteful in the kitchen, so "#enfrijoladas" were born! And that's what we've got for breakfast today with egg, chicken and cheese! Come over to learn more about this dish... and of course eat it:, we were forwarded this email yesterday and it's SO NICE to have made someone this happy ;D!!! Thank you Clypd team for introducing me to my big friend ;) #MommaKing love you, happy Friday!, come press the button... and rejoice it's Friday eve ;)!!! #mexicanfood #Boston, THANK YOU Chronicle on WCVB Channel 5!!!, Beautiful shots of our food and our place by a great local photographer!
http://www.aramphoto.com, Today is a big day my friends! Go out and vote for #SuperTuesday because your voice matters! Then tonight check us out on Chronicle on WCVB Channel 5 at 7:30pm! AND, of course, we've got your food for lunchtime ;) http://m.wcvb.com/chronicle/tuesday-march-1-new-restaurants/38212020, fresh and delicious: #greenjuice is ready! 
#jugoverde #apple #celery #cucumber #parsley #ginger #yum!, Remember these BostonTweet t-shirts ;)?! Well, we still got ours... And we got your #burritos!, Happy Sunday my friends! We want to wish our manager Erick a happy birthday again before the week ends! Here we are surprising him with his cake before we shared it with you on Friday!!! Feliz cumpleaños Eriquito!, Happy Friday my friends! Come have a cookie! And a fish taco and orchata or licuado while you're here ;), Did you know you can call ahead to pick up or have delivery? Here our friend Ryan is showing the burritos he frequently gets for his team lunch at the office (thanks Ryan!)! So skip the rain and let us pamper you ;) 617-957-0725!, Awesome! Thank you The Boston Globe for the mention! Bigger thanks again to Mr. Sanders!!! We really hope he liked the salsa, My dear friends, as we get into the warmer weather season we may be a little more busy than even now. Please help us out by keeping your receipt until you get your order, yes? Today two of our friends ordered separate chorizo burritos, but as you'll read they were very different. However # 83 took # 82's order as we called it out! We greatly apologize for this swap if you're reading this # 82! Everyday we're working to avoid these mishaps and hurry in making your food for lunch as much as possible, but we do appreciate your support when getting your order by the numbers :), We found some mamey for licuados! This large and very tasty fruit holds a strong nutty flavor. Venture over to try it, we make our licuados with milk, fruit, and light agave if extra sweetness is needed!, Today WE FELT THE BERN!!! Thank you #BernieSanders ;)!!!!, We love to see our beverage cooler filled with Mexican soda options! This week we found #Jarritos in jamaica flavor. As in the flower that you boil to make fresh fruit water. Come try it!, Happy Saturday my friends! Our friend Jim celebrated his birthday this week & we wanted to wish the best again before the week ends. ¡Feliz cumpleaños Jimbo! Thank you for your continuous support!, My dear friends: if you want mole or chicken or veggie burritos/tacos/quesadillas/etc please come over before 5pm or call to order and pick up. We are out of all our other meats. We do apologize and also thank you for wiping us out, and because I don't like to say "I don't have it, I don't have it," we will close at 5pm today. Thank you for your attention :), Happy Friday amigos! Come get your #fishtacos at lunch ;)!, #TBT: using little pots at the gas station in #beaconhill to boil and make our #beans! Compared to the pots we use now 😄😄😄!, how about that recipe?! we haven't tried the salsa on a veggie calzone but we sure want to try it now ;). thank you for your wonderful message Jeff! what do you use our salsa for, my friends?, we love seeing you in these seats 🤗 did you know they were #trainoperator seats before coming here?!, Nice to have WCVB's JC Monahan at the restaurant today, thank you!, Good morning my friends! We are open today, President's Day. If you don't have the day off from work (or if you do!) come eat!, Roses are red,
Violets are blue,
You love #burritos, 
And we love you...
Happy Valentine's day friends!!!, More at: https://instagram.com/villamexicocafe/, So much today! #fishtacos #lemonpie #freshfruitwaters and #chocolate! YUMMMMMM 😃😄😆, Good morning my friends! Ready for Lent? Well, if you observe this season we got fish tacos today! And if you don't, well we got #fishtacos today!, simple ingredients deliver delicious results! we're making a very home-style #lemonpie for tomorrow! made by layering #galletasMaria with a mix of lemon juice, condensed milk and evaporated milk. Voila! A sweet and fresh treat to end a meal, that's also filled with memories since many Mexican moms make it as an easy/fast dessert ;) #paydelimon, My dear friends who take high resolution photos: we need "interior shots" of the restaurant for our Google Page review, and we need them by Monday. 10 photos, interior only, no guests in the shop, taken this Saturday to send via email on Monday. If you are interested and available could you please contact us? Our email is: villamexicocafe@gmail.com. We have a limited budget but plenty of food and your name can be on all photos. Thank you in advance!, #Snow < #Burritos 
All day. Every day. 
See you for lunch kiddos!, Good morning my friends! As you know we will have snow all of today. We encourage you to call ahead and pick up orders: 617-957-0725. For the safety of our team we will close at 5pm, if you'd like to take food home please keep this in mind. Stay safe and warm!, after all that fun yesterday, let's get back to business 😉 making #tamales 😊 #yum, Congratulations Allan and El Centro team for winning the #BurritoBowlV! Great seeing our fellow chef friends :)!, Bowls upon bowls upon bowls! Our #BurritoBowlV contester: a corn tortilla bowl filled with chicken breast in our traditional Mole sauce over a bed of rice and black beans, topped with sour cream, cheese and sesame seeds! Of course, with house salsa on the side ;)! What a great event, we love seeing our chef friends who also love to cook Mexican food! Thank you Brian and The Rattlesnake!!!, We've been preparing. Let's do this.
It's #BurritoBowlV time!!!
#MommaKing, It's cooking time!!! #burritobowlv, It's yucky out but we were due for at least a little snow, right?! Good thing you can call ahead to pick up or ask for delivery (free within our 4-block radius!). Because... tacos ;) #ImeanReally 617-957-0725, Renee Silva: you forgot your PNC Bank card with us at lunch today. If you read this please come get it!, Did you know we have a blog on the website? We do! http://www.villamexicocafe.us/blog/post/the-first-month, Guess what? We're making Mexican hot chocolate! The #groundhog said spring is coming early so we gotta have at least one day that feels like winter! Come get some with your sweet bread ;) #chocolate #ibarra, Happy Monday, and first day of the month, and our week four! We're ready for your lunch so see you in a few my friends!!!, Yummy Sunday :), These are lots of pounds of #pork, cleaned and cut, slowly simmering after marinating in juice, spices and herbs for a day. Once fully cooked they will be pulled and tossed with some oil on the grill. Then they will finally come out as: #carnitas! Which you seem to like so much 😊 #nightcooking #Mexican #pulledpork?, Happy Friday my friends!!! On Wednesday we posted a question to give away TWO TICKETS to the #BurritoBowlV, now let's announce the winner! While our friends Danielle, Julianne, Sarah and Brian were around the right figure, guessing how many pounds of rice we're cooking weekly, JEFF MORRIS got the right answer!!! We're on or around 125lbs! Congratulations Jeff, we'll see you at the event next weekend :)! And for everyone else, my friends, there's cookies at the shop so everybody wins something!!!! YEAH!!!!!, It's cooking time!!! And while we prep for tomorrow let us give away TWO TICKETS to #BurritoBowlV! Tell me, friends, how much rice do I cook weekly at this new location? Hint: think in lbs ;). First right answer wins, good luck!!!, Look what we got yesterday: fliers to the #BurritoBowlV! Stay tuned to find out how you can attend (for FREE!) Happy hump day kiddoooos!, Have you tried our "Grab & Go" burritos? Thinking of ways to serve you during your lunch-time-crunch we make these DAILY and have them ready to grab... and go! See you at lunch kiddos ;)!, Wonderful Saturday and working on cooking.... just for you!!!, Things #MommaKing says..., Today was our friend's Jackie's birthday, happy born day @mmm_jackiez 😄! #MommaKing, Not feeling like eggs for breakfast? Come have some sweet bread :)!, signs of a meal well eaten ;) #tacos #mexicancoke #fingerlickinggood, Hi my friends! It's cold outside and we're still quite busy inside, so call ahead and pick up your order! PLUS: make your order for 10+people AT LEAST one day in advance and get a discount on your order! Call 617-957-0725 or email villamexicocafe@gmail.com. Happy hump day kiddoooos!, Morning! Ready to start your day with some healthy carrot juice? C'mon down, it's ready!, BIG thanks to the #BostonChildrensChoir for getting us to cater burritos for all the kiddos who will sing at today's #martinlutherkingday concert at #JordanHall! 🎤😄🎼😄🎶 #bestburritoinboston, We are closed today, Martin Luther King, Jr. Day. We're working but we'll see you friends tomorrow for normal lunch and a quicker foot traffic (we think). Meanwhile, we leave you with some words from the good man we honor today:, Hello my friends! We had an amazing week one, to tell you the truth. Here I am with the champagne one of our friends brought on Monday! The week had ups and downs- and sideways too ;) -but overall it was amazing. 

Once again we want to thank you: for your loyalty, patience, support, critiques, encouragement, suggestions....

In just one week we've realized our food is still not for everyone, and that the new time demands mean we change our schedules and even prep styles. But all of this new knowledge helps us serve you better. 

* For this reason we're implementing the hours of Monday to Friday 7am-7pm. During this winter we won't open Saturdays. *

 Our food, as we've always said, is not bought, canned or frozen, even if it's hard to believe because the taste is different. In order to cook things as fresh as possible and still keep up with demand we have to start cooking early and stay late, so weekends will be very helpful. We'll use them to buy all supplies, pre-prep, and also get some rest. 

We hope you may still visit us on weekdays and keep considering us for your caterings and events! As always, continue talking to us please. This is more than a business, it's our life and our home and you're like family. 

Thank you kiddos, moving forward to many more weeks, happy times and fun cooking!!! GBU <3 -Momma King, One week! Woooooo! Happy Friday my friends, come have a cookie! ;), Hooray! (Like our friend Jimbo says) it's Friday eve! See you at lunch kiddos!, Day 3: It has been a whirlwind. We've met so many new friends and rejoiced in their welcoming comments and reviews. But we've also seen so many of you, friends from our gas station days, and it's so heartwarming to reconnect again. Here we have a photo from our friend Geoff Wong, with our other friend Mike Buksa, who used to visit us at the Beacon Hill shop pretty much weekly. As we get used to this new location, new demands, new hours and... new everything (!) it's so encouraging to see known faces and know we're remembered. Thank you my friends, you're still the BEST customer-friends EVER <3 :) #MommaKing #bestburritosback #bestburritoinboston, wiped out early again, getting the hang of it #promise. Good thing we have our #Starbucks neighbors ;)! #letscook, Looking forward to this again!, #epazote: this little herb makes your beans taste special! (don't worry it's not a drug... but the beans can be addictive) Cooked all through last night and looking forward to day 2!, HI MY FRIENDS!!! #bestburritosback, #bestburritosback, #bestburritosback, #bestburritosback, This is the most packed we've every seen our little van! #bestburritosback, This week is gonna be crazy... CRAZY FUN!!!!! #bestburritosback, My dear friends, happy 2016 :) We wish you THE BEST of everything for every single day of this new year. It's gonna be a good one! GBU!, Photos from our trip to #MexicoCity and #Puebla are on Instagram my friends: instagram.com/villamexicocafe Check out food from our motherland! Here are some and we'll post more when WiFi is good!, Feliz Navidad kiddoooos! If you celebrate tonight and/or tomorrow we wish you a happy time with your loved ones. THANK YOU for always giving us happy times too :)!!!!!, Greetings from Mexico City my friends! We are here visiting family, buying spices and some supplies, and taking a quick break before we open in January and don't stop!!! Have a wonderful week kiddos ;)!!!, Happy to have had our business blessing with two of our priests, family and the whole team who will be serving you! Very thankful and excited!!! #bestburritosback #MommaKing, How do you like the new sign friends?!?!?! Big thanks to our friend Chris Foster for taking the first picture of it! We're almost ready :)! #bestburritosback, Our yummy cooked turkey Mexican Style for Thanksgiving is almost ready to move to it's house!!! A nice Catering for The lovely Reynolds and we sincerely hope you enjoy it!!! Thanksgiving Dinner prepared from a Mexican Chef....... :)    Moma King!!!, OUR DEAREST FRIENDS:
On behalf of our VILLA MEXICO FAMILY we would like to thank you so much for all your support and love and we wish you a HAPPY THANKSGIVING DAY FOR YOU AND YOUR FAMILIES...GOD BLESS YOU ALL!!!, guess what is happening today?! Kate LaChance drawing our #menu!  #bestburritosback, This weekend we had a great pre-Thanksgiving #salsa sale at Williams-Sonoma, as you ma have heard ;) We saw many friends, including Lexy and her boyfriend who got six jars for cooking and gifts. She always buys from us and is such a huge promoter of our salsa, thank you Lexy!!!, Going, going, gone! Well, almost!!! It's been great seeing you my dears, we're here until 5pm if you want to grab the last jars!, "This is the best salsa I've ever had in my life," we think so too my friend ;)!!! Big thanks to the couple in the right, visiting Boston from Kentucky, who got some salsa and then stuck around to tell people entering the store, "you gotta try this!" Southern charm at its finest!, Were here at Copley Place ready with your Thanksgiving salsa! See you at Williams-Sonoma kiddos!!!, People ask us why we love our customer friends and we're like... #thebest #priorities (CC: @kaboobi @mmm_jackiez on Twitter), SURPRISE MY FRIENDS!!! Tomorrow Saturday 11/21 we will be at WILLIAMS-SONOMA COPLEY from 12 to 5pm. Get ready to get a yummy gift and pick up your Salsa there. It will be a pleasure to see you...SEE YOU LATER KIDDOOOOOSSS!!!, And let's keep welcoming our new friends yeeeee..... WELCOME TO OUR FAMILY DEAR JOHN McG,  CARA D, JAMES O, COLIN Z, ED H, MATT W, ANTHONY D, TONY N, ERIC D, JESSIE R, JOHN V, JAMES M, DREW P, JENN H, PIERCE B H, and RUBEN R., THANK YOU SO MUCH MY DEAR FRIENDS FOR LIKING OUR FAMILY!!! SEE YOU LATER KIDDOOOOOSSS  :), Hello my dear friends. We would like to apologize because we did not have the chance to WELCOME OUR NEW MEMBERS IN OUR FAMILY, but never is late to say I'm sorry and let's mention our new friends: WELCOME LULU M, MARK B, ZAID A, MITCH M. JUSTIN D, TERESA J, BRADY W, TONY K, MARK R, JIM R, GABRIEL R, ROBERT J. T, GARETH McA, MATT O, AMANDA E, JON B.S, AARON B, CHRISTINA CH, AND CHRIS S. Thank you my dear friends, thank you for LIKING our Family!!! SEE YOU LATER KIDDOOOOOSSS!!!!, Hello my friends! We have a question for you: are you, or is someone you know, interested in writing out our menus on these pretty 3x5 chalkboards that were just completed?! 

We have been looking for an artistic person and thought of asking you, too. Email us: villamexicocafe@gmail.com if interested!, Wow, wow, wow!!! Thank you Boston.com and Perry Eaton for this article that includes our own posts! 
http://www.boston.com/food-dining/2015/11/11/popular-gas-station-burrito-spot-readying-new-location-not-gas-station/hNJACUIcB6DyA8wXowhQfI/story.html. Specially thanks to you our friends, because we are nobody without you!!!, More at: https://instagram.com/villamexicocafe/, The seats are in and the doors as well kiddoooos!!! THANK YOU, THANK YOU, THANK YOU for being so patient while we finish our new home. You have no idea how eager we are to start cooking  for you and welcome you into a homey, unique space where the food is equally fantastic my dears!!! GBU!!!, Very happy to have served UCB during their #HispanicHeritageMonth event!, How do you like them lamps?! Sooner now!!!, This is an authentic Mexican dish.... RAJAS CON CREMA! Made out of stripes of poblano peppers, onions, cheese, sour cream and my seasoning..... one of the plates we will serve at our new home yum-yum!!! SEE YOU LATER KIDDOOOOOSSS!!!, Now things look more colorful my dears ;D!!!!!, It's equipment delivery day!!! #bestburritosback, Ready at WILLIAMS-SONOMA LYNFIELD! 
Come and get your Salsa for this coming holiday!!! SEE YOU LATER KIDDOOOOOSSS!!!, Ready to start bottling our MAYORAL SALSA.....Mmmm....yummy and fresh!!! We will be at WILLIAMS-SONOMA LYNFIELD, tomorrow Saturday from 2:00 to 5:00 pm....SEE YOU TOMORROW KIDDOOOOOSSS!!, And look a this beauty.....terracotta..., and what about the floors, and the walls, and the Model???!!! I love it - we are very excited!  What do you think my dear KIDDOOOOOSSS.... SEE YOU SOOOOONNN!!!, Happy Tuesday my dear friends, Do you like it? My dear friend and Landlord Mitch is advising me how lower the lamps should go (six of them) YES, it will be very bright!!! #bestburritosback, Look at these floors! ;D!!! #bestburritosback, Kiddooooos look!!! Tiled walls, bathroom, refrigerator and counter.... What about that... soooo happy!!! Yeeeeeeeeeeeee!!!!! #bestburritosback, Good morning my friends...... meet our crew working in our place! We told them SPEEEEEED IT UUUPPPP..... WE NEED TO OPEN RIGHT AWAY - I NEED TO SEE MY KIDDOOOOOSSS!!!!  Hahahaha..... see you later dears........., Today another "little" item got installed in our new home my friends, and I AM VERY HAPPY!!! Thank you United Service for your labor and our wonderful crew from North Hill Construction speeding up the work to get us open!!!, Woooooow..... very happy - very blessed my friends because we have new Members joining our Family: Let's  WELCOME: DEB TRIPP, CARRIE S, RENE P, KARA W, KEITH H, MICHAEL H, JESSLYN L, BARBARA M, KRYSTLE M, LETTY A, JUAN CARLOS C. and HECTOR O. !!! Thank you so much for LIKING US my friends!!! SEE YOU LATER KIDDOOOOOSSS!!!!, Yummy yum, good time at Williams-Sonoma Market Street Plaza store in Lynnfield. Here until 4pm my friends!, Ready at WILLIAMS-SONOMA LYNFIELD - waiting for you my friends. ..... SEE YOU HERE KIDDOOOOOSSS!!!!, Happy Friday my friends! Bottling salsa for our sale tomorrow, Saturday, at #WILLIAMSONOMA in Lynnfield!!! (1310 Market St. Lynnfield, Ma.) We will be there from 12 to 4pm, I am also going to be cooking some taquitos and cheese quesadillas.... don't miss it.....SEE YOU TOMORROW KIDDOOOOOSSS!!!, Happy Friday my friends!!!, My dear Friends have a happy and safe Fourth of July weekend from all of us at VILLA MEXICO CAFE..... SEE YOU LATER KIDDOOOOOSSS!!!!!, Well..??? ....... SO EXCITED!!!!! What do you think my dear kiddooooossss  :), Development :) It may not look like a lot yet, but to us it's major progress my dears!!! The hood is in and the walk-in cooler is next. Two of the largest pieces of equipment that needed to be done before finishing the walls and making the space look pretty!!! We keep you  informed kiddoooos, That's how happy Chef Momma King is when everybody enjoys her food!, Happy Sunday kiddooooossss! On our way to a catering for our friend Jeb! Fun times cooking with us at his place, will show you a pic later!, Cooking some chicken #tinga, with #chipotle peppers for a #catering. You can choose from our menu or ask us for dishes based on your event theme! #MexicanFood, My friends, we have a request. If you have images or videos from your past visits to Villa Mexico Cafe and you would like to share them with us, could you email them to us? villamexicocafe@gmail.com. You'll find out why very soon ;)! THANK YOU!, Thank you, Eater Boston! #bestburritosback, Good morning my dear friends.... we have a lot of good news! and also...we would like to WELCOME our new Members into our Family....MICHAEL D, DEB T, RODRIGO E, CAROLINE M. ELIZABETH D, FIONA C. GIANNI R, PEDRO G, KERRY B, JESUS G, LUZ M.S., ALEXANDRA C. and RANDY P.  - Thank you so much my dear friends, thank you for LIKING us! SEE YOU LATER KIDDOOOOOSSS!!!, Guess what kiddossss?! CV LICENSE APPROVED!!! This means we can open up shop... legally ;)! THANK YOU again to the Licensing Board, the Mayor's Office and Councillors, and the Wharf District who supported us and to our amazing lawyer, Michael Bozza, for representing us. ONE MORE STEP CLOSER MY DEARS!!!, We've known Anna since she born, now Anna is 9 years-old. A beautiful young lady and our best follower. Thank you Kathy and Bill, it was a wonderful surprise to see her!!! It's all about Family♡♡♡, Ready my friends. ....... let's  start!!!! SEE YOU LATER KIDDOOOOOSSS!!!, Good morning my dear friends,  almost ready for WILLIAMS -SONOMA COPLEY!  See you there until 4pm today!!!, Happy to read this after a wonderful day selling salsa. Thank you Eric and Boston Business Journal! http://www.bizjournals.com/boston/news/2015/06/04/famed-gas-station-burrito-shop-gets-new-life-in.html?utm_source=feedburner&utm_medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed:+bizj_boston+(Boston+Business+Journal), Here we are my friends @ WILLIAMS- SONOMA COPLEY...... Hope to see you here my dear kiddooooossss!!!, Ready for the weekend? We sure are! Williams-Sonoma Copley called to ask if we could sell our salsa and we said, "of course!!!" Buy your jars and see us at the store 10am - 4pm this Friday and Saturday!, Thank you Councillor Michelle Wu, Councillor Steve Murphy, the Mayor's Office, and the Wharf District for your support at our hearing!, My friends, good morning! Tomorrow, June 3, we have another important hearing that we hope will go well, as all our other hearings have. It is with the Licensing Board, at 10 a.m. We will keep you informed, this is very important as it brings us one step closer to being able to open! We feel your good vibes coming and we thank you for it!!!, A hood is gonna go in heeeere!!! #bestburritosback, Another mention my dears! Thanks to Kerry Byrne of the Herald for including us!!! #bestburritosback http://www.bostonherald.com/entertainment/food_dining/fork_lift/2015/05/hot_new_restaurants_blossom_across_greater_boston_this, Happy DRINKO DE MAYO my friends ~ next year we will celebrate it in our new home......in the meantime..... please be good kids!!!!! SEE YOU LATER KIDDOOOOOSSS!!!!, Foreshadowing my friends: the little spot is coming along quite nicely thanks to God, SO HAPPY!!!, After a wonderful Marathon Day, we are very happy to WELCOME TO OUR FAMILY our new Members JAY L. and SARA M.   Thank you so much my friends for liking our page!!!  SEE YOU LATER KIDDOOOOOSSS!!!, Congratulations Boston Marathon runners, you are ALL winners my friends and we cheer for you!!!, We love this city and we always remember those who passed and survived and helped on this day, two years ago. Boston strong <3, Wooooow, wooooo, wooooow.... our Family keeps growing!!!! Let's WELCOME our new friends into our Family: GERMAN R, TERESA F., ERICK M-R, DINORA V, RANDY P, JUSTIN S, SUSIE C,  JULIE B, MARC K and CHRIS S.... thank you so much my friends for LIKING US...!!! SEE YOU LATER KIDDOOOOOSSS......, Thanks for the mention my friends! #bestburritosback wohoo!!!, And we are ServSafe certified again to buy, prepare and offer you clean, healthy food my friends!!! #bestburritosback, Another step = Getting ready to take our Food Manager and Allergen Food classes! It will take the whole day but it's worth it!!!, TAKE OUT PERMIT APPROVED! ON TO THE NEXT ONE MY DEARS!!! Thank you ZBA! One step closer to completing the space and opening ;)!!!!! 💓, Well my dears...... here we are!!! Finger crossed and God willing we will get our permit!!!, My friends, today at 5pm we have a hearing with the Zoning Board of Appeals (ZBA) to get our take-out permit, one of the permits we need to serve you. We'll be at 1010 Mass Ave. with the amazing people who are helping build and make our space happen. Please send us your good vibes or keep us in your prayers today. We are excited to let you know the results!!! GBU kiddoooos!  💓, We saw our dear Anna and her mom Kathy while walking back from a meeting on Friday in Beacon Hill! We were so happy to catch them to say hi, and more exited to know we'll see them more often once we open!!! ;D!, Getting ready for you my dear kiddooooooosss!!!, What color is it ... black and gold..... white and black??? Who knows but it's yummy for sure!!! :), Happy Tuesday and happy Totopos (Chips) Day my friends.... enjoy it ~ coming soon at 121 Water St. - Boston, Ma. SEE YOU LATER KIDDOOOOOSSS.........., Ready..... our impossible cake so yummy!!!, Cake is ready!!!! Would you like a piece??? Yummy......, Happy cold Friday 13 my dears friends! Today I am baking our "impossible cake". Why it's impossible? Because it's flan and cake together. Here are some pictures of the process  and let's see what happen!!! See you later Kiddooooossss......., Check out all of the photos from Saturday's #BurritoBowlIV on Poe's Kitchen at the Rattlesnake page, thank you again for having us Brian and team! https://www.facebook.com/media/set/?set=a.10153028200279437.1073741829.104430924436&type=1, All of the chefs from today's #BurritoBowlIV: Chris Damian from Papagayo, Jose Duarte from Taranta, Yohni Aldana from Estelles, Jim Hoben from El Pelón, Leo Asaro from Tico, Uri Abragimovich from Poe's Kitchen at the Rattlesnake's, Allan Rodriguez from El Centro, Chris Douglass from Ashmont Grill & Tavolo and yours truly ;), #BurritoBowlIV was wonderful, my friends... And we had the joy of winning this year's title!!! Thank you again to Brian Poe from Poe's Kitchen at the Rattlesnake for inviting us and to all the great chefs we saw today :)!!!, We'll see you in one hours friends!!!  #BurritoBowlIV, READY FOR THE BIG #BURRITOBOWLIV!!! Just waiting for you Kiddooooooooossss!!!! Don't miss it :), Hello my friends!!! Guess what?! Our friends at Poe's Kitchen at the Rattlesnake gave us tickets to giveaway for tomorrow's #BurritoBowlIV!!! The first 3 people to answer our question correctly via post or direct message WIN 2 passes per person to the event! 

Q: What team are we "playing" at Burrito Bowl?!?! (For example: Patriots, Colts, Giants,  Falcons, Cowboys, Dolphins, Broncos, etc.)

*Think of our background and personal history ;)! GOOD LUCK!, Don't worry about the snow my friends, join us and start celebrating the SUPER BOWL.....Try yummy burritos and vote for the best one at the BURRITO BOWL IV this Saturday 1/31/15, we will be waiting for you!!, Oh wooow, wooow, wooo, my friends..... it might be snowing outside but our house is warmth and full of sunshine! Guess why?....We are WELCOMING our new Members into our Family! Thank you to MIKE L, JOE B, JAMES B, JANSSEN Mc, ERIC T, YUJI K and PEGGY B, for LIKING OUR PAGE!!! WELCOME  KIDDOOOOOSSS.....!!!, "Proposed Villa Mexico Café, 45 Broad Street (corner of Broad & Water Streets), owner Julie King. – WDC voted to support." HAPPY FRIDAY INDEED!!! Thank you to our future neighbors! 

#BestBurritosBack

http://northendwaterfront.com/2015/01/wharf-district-council-january-2015-meeting-highlights/, Happy Friiiiday my friends! Remember, there's still time to join us at Poe's Kitchen at the Rattlesnake on January 31 for BURRITO BOWL IV!!!  http://www.eventbrite.com/e/burrito-bowl-iv-tickets-15141962016?aff=eac2 Our friends from El Pelon Taqueria, El Centro and more will be there too :)!, Hello my dear friends,  we are happy to announce our new Member ERIN C. A., Erin LIKES our Family and also LIKES our Page! Thank you and WELCOME ERIN!!!, It was a very good meeting yesterday my friends, let's keep working for our future home!!!, Here we are my friends. ... fingers crossed....Yeeeeeeeeeeee!!!!!, Hello my dear friends!  Today is a very exciting day for us..... we will attend the Wharf District Council Meeting at the Custom House Tower, in Boston, at 5pm to get our variance for our business' new home. If you would like to join us....you will be WELCOME. We would love to see you there....... More updates soon, THANK YOU KIDDOOOS!!!, We have the best customer-friends, period!!! Look at what our dear friend Dennis gave us as a sweet gift yesterday evening. Trying it now, making hot chocolate the way Mexicans do, and you'll have a chance to try our hot chocolate on cold months too when we open on Water ;)! THANK YOU DENNIS! Happy weekend my friends!!!, Don't miss this yummy and exciting event my friends! Reserve your place on time.... WE WILL BE VERY HAPPY TO SEE YOU!, Are you ready for the Superbowl?! We are and not just because we're watching the game... we're in the BURRITO BOWL IV!!! 

Get your tickets and see us at Poe's Kitchen at the Rattlesnake, January 31, 1-3:30 p.m. my friends :)!!!

http://www.eventbrite.com/e/burrito-bowl-iv-tickets-15141962016, As a gift in this day, the three Kings brought us a new Members into our Family.... yeeeeeee!!! Let's WELCOME: VIRGINIA R, MATT M, ABALY M, KARINA M ABD JOANNE D,. Thank you very much my Friends for liking us!!!, Happy Epiphany day my friends! We celebrate this beautuful day with a yummy King's Bread, some of you tried it in our little place at the gas station and we promise you that we will try it again at our new place! The three Kings bring gifts for our good children and this year they brought us the big gift to see you all soon and we are so thankful and happy!!! FELIZ DIA DE REYES and.... SEE YOU SOON KIDDOOOOOOOSSS!!!, It was a different year my friends, a lot of  illnesses,  traveling, new jobs, new babies, more members in our family, a lot of good and bad news but always together with a lot of strength,  faith in God and tons of love. Good bye 2014 and thank you for everything.  For sure you made us very strong! WELCOME 2015, because with all these experiences and good support from our beautiful friends we are ready for you!!! We wish you the best my dear Friends and we pray for you and your Family  wishing you all the best for this new year and God willing it will come full of joy, happiness and love. See you soon.... hug and kisses for you all.... GOD BLESS YOU ALWAYS.... LOVE...YOUR MEXICAN FAMILY!!!, Wooohooo... our Family keeps growing!!! Let's welcome.... ANALY M, KARINA M, PRI CV, CATERINA T, VICENTE L, ROXANA C, ANTHONY M, JEFF M, HEIDI DR, KORYNN S, BURT B and JOANNE D, as our new Members! Thank you so much my friends for liking us!!!, My dear Friends, thank you, thank you thank you for all your support and love! That is our best vitamin to keep going. I am counting the days in which I can see you all again. In the mean time, start getting ready for our GRAND OPENING, God willing it will happen around Spring 2015 and then....we will be on track again and keep helping you and feeding you as you deserve! God bless you all ever and happy holidays!!!, HELLO MY FRIENDS ;)!!! 

As you may have guessed, or read, correctly... WE WILL OPEN SPRING 2015 AT 121 WATER STREET!!!! 

Kenny Foulds... you will have the FIRST burrito served at our new home!!! 

We can't wait to serve ALL OF YOU very soon again my dears!!! 

THANK YOU ALL for keeping the hope alive and the support going during these two years that we've been searching for a new location <3 We have missed you so much, but specially YOUR MOMMA KING!!!
#BestBurritosBack, Alright my friends, this should be VERY easy by now ;)... Where will the new location be in this Spring 2015?! 

First one to answer right gets the first burrito served there! HAPPY HOLIDAYS :)!!! #BestBurritosBack, On the day before Christmas my true love gave to me... a chance to win theee fiiirst burriiitooo ;)! #BestBurritosBack 

That's right my friends... WE ARE COMING BACK! 

Tomorrow, Christmas Day, we will post a question about our new location. The first person to answer correctly will win the first burrito to be served at our new home! Good luck! We can't wait to see you soon!!!, On the second day of Christmas my true love gave to me... the inside that is gettiiiing aaall fiiiixed ;)! #BestBurritosBack, On the third day of Christmas my true love gave to me... a map where you will find uuus tooo eeeeat ;)! #BestBurritosBack, On the fourth day of Christmas my true love gave to me... a look at the new windoooows youuu'll see ;)! #BestBurritosBack, On the fifth day of Christmas my true love gave to me... a hint to where the neeeeew plaaaace will beeee!!! #BestBurritosBack, Hello my dear friends, very happy because we are welcoming our new friend LJ HENLEY to our Family. Thank you LJ and welcome home!!!!, Hi my friends! If you're in Cambridge please visit us at St. Mary's of the Annunciation. We will be selling our salsa from 6-8pm at their holiday bazaar!, My friends, happy Thanksgiving! Thank you for keeping us going and alive even without a store front. We couldn't have better customer/family/friends and we are so excited to get back to serving you in 2015! GRACIAS!!! <3, Get ready, the holidays are here! Order your #salsa early for your gifts: villamexicocafe@gmail.com! Jar/s or gift baskets until 12/22!, My dears, a big THANK YOU to all the early planners who have been getting their salsa in time for the holidays! 

If you'd like to order a jar, or more, or a holiday basket, please email us with your order. We will be happy to get you our salsa for your gifts up until December 22nd!

Order now: villamexicocafe@gmail.com :)!, Dia de Muertos at Williams-Sonoma Natick, treats and salsa ready my dears! http://t.co/p2e3oUo7DO, At Williams-Sonoma Natick,  with our Dia de Muertos skulls and lots of salsa for you to take home my friends!, My friends a last minute addition but we hope to see you: we'll be at @WilliamsSonoma in #Natick TODAY 1-4pm! Come get your #salsa! :)!!!, Thank you, thank you, thank you for everything you did for us, as a Mayor, as a Person, as a Bostonian, as a Friend. God bless you ever Mr. Mayor Menino♡ You will live forever in our hearts♡, Thank you #Jackolantern2014...wonderful experience♡ http://t.co/rlFb2GGkLB, Give me a "B" as a BONITA!!! http://t.co/ga6x5mmX3x, I'll be home for Christmas. ... and it was snowing! http://t.co/WHge4GPUua, Thousands & thousands of pumpkins...@ jackolantern 2014!!! http://t.co/aKlMpGnTtV, Cinderella! http://t.co/mM0pXlHXTc, #Jackolantern2014 @ William Roger Zoo-R.I beautiful! http://t.co/lcxyTy3Xgq, Our love and prayers are with you @mayortommenino, your city's love and prayers too <3, Beautiful couple, wonderful friends. Nate & Tania ordered burritos and even a gluten-free burrito today to celebrate Nate's Birthday!!! CONGRATULATIONS MY FRIENDS..... yummy way to party. We wish you the best. ..GBU!!!!♡♡♡♡♡, Hello my dear friends... This morning I had at meeting at the Boston City Hall regarding our new place. After it, I went to get a coffee @ Starbucks. While I was on the line waiting for my turn there is this beautiful Lady who remembered our little place, then the Gentleman that was in front of me give me a chance to get in front of him to talk to this Lady better. Once I moved and of course all smiles he asked me... Are you ready to open your place again soon? I really miss my burritos!!!  My face shined, I was so happy and grateful with God because this wonderful couple also made my day with such a wonderful things he said about us!!! God bless you my friends and thank you. I am fully grateful because you still remember us!!!, Dia de Muertos is coming and, as usual, we are ready to offer you sweet bread, Mexican hot chocolate and altar decoration! School groups or parties, contact us for more info my friends!, Vacations are gone,  summer is almost over and school is back. So do I. After a month being at Mexico City learning new recipes and solving some family issues, we are back to the reality and ready for some catering orders and more salsa sale. What about you my dear Kiddos..... are you ready as well??!!, My dears I have something to show you, baby Bess is turning 30 (!!!) and this is her plan to celebrate. It made me cry of joy :,)!, Thank you for including us in your column @JohnAKeith :) http://t.co/ENkR9qZ6Se, Hi my friends! Hope you're having a great end of summer.We're getting ready for fall: events, possible pop-up, big news! Will keep you tuned, We came back from our vacations today and checking my emails I opened this one which is a nice surprise. Thank you to Rachel Greenberger, @  Examiner.com for such a wonderful gift on my birthday! And I would like to share it with you my friends.....I hope you like it!!!!, Ready for you my friends! See you here at Williams-Sonoma Copley! :), SALSA, SALSA, SALSA!!! See you later @ WILLIAMS-SONOMA COPLEY from 11:30 to 4:30..Thank you Kiddoooooossss!!! <3 http://t.co/fpMhmlJJJq, Happy to see you at WILLIAMS-SONOMA COPLEY on Saturday 7/12 from 11:30 - 4:30 pm. We will be sampling and selling our UNIQUE HOMEMADE BLACK SALSA!!! Don't miss yours my friends. ....SEE YOU LATER KIDDOOOOOSSS!!!, Ready for WILLIAMS-SONOMA COPLEY!!! We will be there this Saturday 7/12 from 11:30 to 4:30 pm.....See you there!!!!! http://t.co/L0IBavMWtc, GOD BLESS AMERICA.... HAPPY INDEPENDANCE DAY TO ALL OUR AMERICAN FRIENDS!!! http://t.co/bVQbL9xZcS, All set Dave M. (@Back Bay) Now let's see Dennis M (@ Beacon Hill)....... more Salsa deliveries!!! Yeeeeeeeee......... SEE YOU LATER KIDDOOOOOSSS!!!, What a beautiful day... Thank you so much my friends because we had lovely surprise visitors as my dear friend Gabriel C, Debbie and Maggie. It was so nice to see you all and remember old times :) We also made more new friends and we are grateful for a blessed day!!!, At Williams-Sonoma Natick all ready to sample our Mole tacos representing our @KS_Boston services and selling salsa! http://t.co/DFLJFQFN5v, Happy Saturday my friends. .. Everything ready for our KitchenSurfing Mole Tacos sampling @ WILLIAMS-SONOMA NATICK!!! And we will also be selling our unique homemade black salsa!!! YEEEEEEEEEEEEE .... SEE YOU LATER KIDDOOOOOSSS!!!!!, Ok my dears.... everything ready for our KitchenSurfing Mole Tacos sampling @ WILLIAMS-SONOMA NATICK And ..... we will also be selling our unique homemade black salsa! !!! YUMMY.....SEE YOU LATER KIDDOOOOOSSS! !!!, Tomorrow: Sample our Mole Poblano tacos and buy our unique, homemade black Salsa at @WilliamsSonoma Natick! http://t.co/BJGLGKmhTd, Hello my friends. ... Get ready, we will be very happy to see you at WILLIAMS-SONOMA NATICK this Saturday 6/28th.  We will be sampling our Mole Poblano tacos for KITCHENSURFING and selling our unique homemade black Salsa! Yeeeeeeeeee..... SEE YOU THERE KIDDOOOOOSSS!!!, This is our latest addition to the treats we can make for you, my friends! If you want to guess what this yummy cake is made of, make sure you order it at your next catering. Clue: it has no eggs, milk, oil or flour ;)!!!!!!, http://t.co/ztMpXj19Z0 Thank you to our Consulate of Mexico in Boston for such terrific invitation! Excellent Game!!!, Yeap. ..... The Boss getting ready at Williams-Sonoma Hingham :) http://t.co/J2bPl37KhF, Ahora sí..... lista para mañana....VAMOS MEXICO!!!
OK... Ready for tomorrow...GOOOOOO MEXICO!!! http://t.co/hALZjhEot2, Well, whats going on with the European soccer Teams... England just lost with Uruguay 2-1..... Good game... Did you watch it Kiddoooooossss!!!, Good bye Champion we will miss you :(  Chile already @ the second round :), Happy father's day my friends! With love, your gals Julie & Bess! http://t.co/MORrKAAJb0, Today: let's go ME-XI-COOO!!! #WorldCup http://t.co/0egvRzI3sc, A beautiful thank you we received from St. Mary's of the Annunciation in Cambridge after we catered a luncheon :)! http://t.co/ffrwmSWEdX, Happy Monday everybody! THREE days away from the start of #WorldCup! I've been practicing my "GOOOL, GOOOL, GOOOOOL!" Have you?! ;), RT @LadiesOfBoston: @MuseumWWII properly honors and remembers WWII and #DDay every day in Natick, MA http://t.co/AIhN43Tu0M..., Good morning my dear friends what about a nice Guacamole and chips for lunch today together with some chicken flautas.... Give us a call.... and we will make you happy!!! Trust me....let us organize your event and we will make it an unforgettable one!!! SEE YOU LATER KIDDOOOOOSSS. ... :), From this weekend, catered a bachelorette dinner for some lovely ladies through @KS_Boston. Have an event? Book us! http://t.co/xsrxQtrjXb, Yummy catering at Rachel W's house.  Beautiful Bachelorette party, wonderful guests and incredible atmosphere.  All prepared by VILLA MÉXICO CAFE through KITCHENSURFING. Do you have an event soon and would you like to have something different? full of life, flavorful,  colorful .....give us a call...YOU WILL BE DELIGHTED!!!, At @WilliamsSonoma in Hingham with our  salsa and @KS_Boston food samples :)! See you here, until 4pm my friends! http://t.co/sRAzf457YT, Here and ready for you my friends! Come by Williams - Sonoma in Hingham to buy some salsa and try our Kitchensurfing  food samples!, Hi my friends! We will be in #Hingham tomorrow! Come by the Williams-Sonoma on Derby Street, noon-4pm, to get your salsa and try some of our Kitchen Surfing catering treats! Happy Friday and see you tomorrow kiddoooos!!!, Saturday, 5/31, we're visiting #Hingham! Come by the @WilliamsSonoma on Derby Street, noon-4pm, to get your salsa and @KS_Boston treats!!!, Happy morning my dear friends and happy news.... This Saturday 5/31/14 from 12:00 to 4:00 pm we will be at WILLIAMS-SONOMA HINGHAM, promoting & cooking for KITCHENSURFING CATERING AND SELLING OUR UNIQUE HOUSE SALSA!!! Everybody is invited to attend!!!.......SEE YOU THERE MY LOVELY KIDDOOOOOSSS!!!!, Happy Memorial Day my friends, we can say that thanks to the armed forces men and women who protect us. God bless them!, We got a new layout my friends! I hope you like it, because if you don't we really can't change it ;) Thank you Facebook!!! HAPPY FRIDAY KIDDOOOOS!, We would like to  WELCOME our New Member 609... JOEL S., into our Family....THANK YOU JOEL, THANK YOU FOR LIKING US......YEEEEEEEEEE!!!!!!!!..........., Nice to meet you #SocialOnMain panelists/sponsors/attendees. As a Mexican actor would say, "gracias, muchas gracias!" http://t.co/hDgotUOXfR, A grrreat day of learning and meeting fellow business owners and supporters. Thank you @BosMainStreets and @marty_walsh for #SocialOnMain!, Ditto, gracias! @BosMainStreets: Thanks presenters @privy @Alignable @MarketMeSuite @ConstantContact! #socialonmain http://t.co/wgM13perBa, Thanks for the advice panelists at  @BosMainStreets #SocialOnMain: @CnRG_Boston @InAPickleRest @Phfeast and moderator @MarketMeSuite!, Enjoying the second @BosMainStreets Social Media Accelerator day. Learning how to be closer to you friends! #SocialOnMain!, @ The Social Media Accelerator organized by the Boston Main Streets and the OBD of the City of Boston. Thank you to Privy Alignable, MarketMeSuite, and Constant Contact!!! Excellent experts... very interesting!!! I am learning how to be closer to you guys.... SEE YOU LATER KIDDOOOOOSSS♡ #SocialOnMain, Mmmmmm...tasty healthy food ready to eat!!!, Day 10th and we have a beautiful tree already that means...ALMOST SUMMER BUT WELCOME SPRING!!! http://t.co/DYTuO1qGHE, Hi my friends, if you have to cook and you don't feel like doing all that heavy work, I will give you a recipe that it's very easy to prepare and yummy to eat! Let's see.... Get a piece of Cod lions fish,  salt, Mrs. Dash garlic & herb seasoning, 1 lime (green one), some asparagus, (I always buy the package that comes with little pcs. 
of garlic and red bell pepper. ..doesn't hurt!)and Italian dressing. Now pre-heat your oven to 375. Then, in an aluminum pan, put some aluminum foil and spray it with a little food spray. Squeeze the lime and seasons the fish on both sides to taste with the condiments, pour some drops of the Italian dressing on top of the fish to taste, then put the asparagus on top of the fish and pour a little more Italian dressing on top of them. (Look at the pics) Cover your pan with aluminum foil and pinch the top with a fork,  put your pan in the oven and let it bake for 30 minutes or until the asparagus are tender and voilà....Mine it's in the oven right now...I will post a pic when ready! Time for the food prep...10 minutes!!! And taste delicious.... Bon Appetite :), Hellooooooo my dear friends...Our lovely Family keeps growing and growing!!! Today we are welcoming our new members: Pretty Lady SARAH L. and wonderful guy KEVIN L......Nice and THANK YOU MY DEAR FRIENDS THANK YOU FOR LIKING US!!! SEE YOU LATER KIDDOOOOOSSS!!!!, Day 9th and now start looking like a nice tree!!! http://t.co/TQuRwSTS6u, Woooohoooo.... Our family keeps growing and we are very happy to WELCOME A SWEET HANDSOME GUY! !! IAN PH....Thank you my dear Ian, thank you so much for LIKING US!!!! SEE YOU LATER KIDDOOOOOSSS!!!!, HAPPY 5 DE MAYO MY FRIENDS! !! Let's celebrate it in the right way... no beer but ALEGRIAS (which means happiness) and it's a typical Mexican candy made out of wafers and filled with goat milk candy and some sun flower seeds around it....ABSOLUTELY DELICIOUS!!! Enjoy your day and....SEE YOU LATER KIDDOOOOOSSS!!!, Day 8th and LOOK...IT'S ALMOST OPEN!!! #wonderfulmothernature http://t.co/Oj9THCyekq, Day 7th.  Can you notice how the sleeves are opening now.... they don't look like a little flower… http://t.co/CyJ05bTs5t, My dear Friends. ...Let's WELCOME NICK B. TO OUR FAMILY......Thank you Nick thank you for LIKING us!!! SEE YOU LATER KIDDOOOOOSSS!!!!!, Happy Friday my friends!!! I think we've seen some of you eat our burritos with this much enthusiasm too... specially the Mole, right?! Well, like the chef here we also work hard every time to make sure you love them! ;)  http://ow.ly/wps7X, HAPPY MEXICAN CHILD DAY MY FRIENDS!!!! God Bless the child that still lives in our hearts♡ http://t.co/fRXbo8SgLV, Happy Monday my dear friends...what about a yummy BUÑUELOS for breakfast today!!! I can give you the recipe...it goes with wheat flour, eggs, milk, sugar...well if you want an easy and a quick ones that we call "lazy buñuelos"....just fry some flour tortillas until gold and then pour some maple syrup and voilà. ..you got it...excellent fast dessert.....enjoy it.....!!!!SEE YOU LATER KIDDOOOOOSSS!!!, Thank you, thank you, thank you my dear friends, our Family keeps growing!!! This time let's WELCOME our new Members BRIDGET, TIM ERIC, CARLOS EDUARDO & MARC D.!!!! THANK YOU MY FRIENDS THANK YOU FOR LIKING US!!!!  Have a wobderful day ..... See you latter my dear kiddoooooossss!!!!!, For Martin, Krystle, Lingzi & Sean... For you... For all of us....RUN....BECAUSE WE LOVE BOSTON!!! #BOSTONSTRONG!!! Happy Patriots Marathon Day my friends...enjoy it!!!, Today and every day, love for our city!, Good morning my friends! 

Yet another Friday after a week of hard physical therapy work and cooking every day this week! It can be hard to stay positive when you are tired but we have to keep those spirits up- or else how will we enjoy the weekend?! 

So as Pharrell or Juan Gabriel say in their songs "be happy."  Here's another classic to keep you inspired, don't worry be happy ;)  , Happy Friday my friends! It's 5 o'clock somewhere already... so cheer with margaritas ;)!!!, Hello my dear Kiddos: nobody said that the good things are so easy to get....right! And that is true...my knee surgery has been very taught but here I am coming slowly but good!!! I am at home and I can be checking all my social media info and I do apologize in advance for the lack of notes but it was out of my hands. That's why today.... I would like to let you know thaaaatttt.... WE HAVE NEW MEMBERS IN OUR FAMILY...YEEEEEEE!!!!! Lets WELCOME our new Friends: KEVIN CUZZO, ALMA LOPEZ, ASAMY IJUAREZ, SCOTT CRIBS, JONATHAN ACOSTA, ANA MORALES & ALLEN NOVELETTE!!! Thank you my dears friends thank you to join us and we welcome home with tons of love!!!!! SEE YOU LATER KIDDOOOOOOOSSSSS!!!!! <3, Hi my friends!!! Nobody says that good things can be made very easy and I tell you...this surgery has been so painful and not an easy going situation. I am still in rehab and this place does not help at all :(  but what I just said....if good things were easy to do...everybody can make them right?....so, I need to be working hard to reach my goal no matter what. Thank you for your visits, your lovely cards, your prayers, but especially THANK YOU FOR YOUR LOVE!!! Bess & Julie <3, Another of my wonderful visits from this week :) with my wonderful Anna!!! http://t.co/CTFq2ttRl1, After the knee surgery your visits/messages are making me better, thank you <3!!! My little friend I saw today! http://t.co/6PAw9EkccZ, My lovely Kiddos, from MGH we send kisses to all of you. It has not been easy but day a day is getting better and I am so happy that pretty soon I will go back to my rock&roll dance!!! Ready as well for our next store and...READY TO SEE YOU AGAIN...I<3U...YOUR MOMA KING!!_!!, To my wonderful friends, happy Valentine's day! I love you all!!!, My dear friends happy Valentine's Day :)!!! I am well, physical therapy starts today. I won't lie, my leg is hurting but thank goodness it is moving. I am going to work hard and get better soon, and meanwhile I send you lots of hugs and like Walter Mercado says in my Mexico: "Mucho, mucho, mucho, AMORRR!", Hi my friends! This is Bessie writing, Momma King asked me to keep you updated trough her knee replacement surgery today. Momma King went into the OR at 1pm and is scheduled to get out "sometime after 4pm." Thank goodness all is going well according to the nurse updates and as soon as she's out I will let you.know! She was nervous but excited this morning because she knows this surgery will help her get, "up and running" to continue serving you. If you message/mail/post your messages I will certainly read them to her once she's not drowsy from the anesthesia, just as I did this morning. Thank you my dears, bless you all :), Working hard and decorating our Hall thanks to my Chiquibaby...almost ready....  :), Happy Saturday my Friends...today it will be a wonderful day because we will cater @ St. Marys of the Annunciation at Cambridge...the reason?**? To celebrate Valentin's Day...God will be with us...and you will be in my heart!!!!! SEE YOY LATER KIDDOOOOOOSSS!!!, One week to knee surgery, getting "tuned up" to keep.working hard my friends and finishing salsa orders! Nervous, hopeful, eager, etc!, Some photos of the events we cater through https://www.kitchensurfing.com/villamexicocafe !, Hello my dears, let's WELCOME to our Family our Friend number 590 PRAVIN P!!!! THANK YOU MY FRIEND, THANK YOU FOR LIKING US!!!! Yeeeeeeeeeeee............., It's cold and wet outside, so cook something and warm up! Happy cooking my friends ;)!, Happy wet Saturday my friends, getting ready to work in a catering :) .... What are your plans for today..... Let us know, we would like to know what are you doing!!! SEE YOU LATER KIDDOOOOOOOOOSSSS!!!, Good morning my dear friends!!! Do you remember our yummy burritos??? Well...we are working hard for this to happen!!! Have a wonderful day....SEE YOU LATER KIDDOOOOOOS!!!!, Happy again my friends because we are welcoming new Members to our Family....THANK YOU MA. ROSARIO, OUR FRIEND # 588 & DUNCAN M. OUR FRIEND # 589, THANK YOU SO MUCH FOR LIKING US!!!! YEEEEEEEEE..........!!!! <3, Hi my friends, another happy customers today. THANK YOU FOR YOUR ORDER HOPPER B, ALWAYS A PLEASURE TO SERVE YOU!!! You as well can be a :) happy customers my friends, just give us a call and we take care of you and your event...SEE YOU LATER KIDDOOOOOOOSSSSS!!!!!, Hello my friends, New Year and we have new Members in our Family!!! We are very happy to WELCOME KARA and JOSE LUIS our Friends number 586 & 587!! THANK YOU MY FRIENDS THANK YOU FOR LIKING US!!! Let's keep growing our Family in this Wonderful new year...yeeeeeeee!!!!!, Happiest of New Year's to you my friends! 2014 will be a great one for all of us, GBU :)!!!, I will start with my first page right now and it will say: THANK YOU, THANK YOU TO EVERYONE OF MY WONDERFUL FRIENDS!!! Because eventhough it's almost a year, you still remember us with the same feeling of love and friendship that we feel for you all!!! Then I will wright...I promise that in 2014 we will see our faces again and we will laugh, hugh, kiss and cry like we always did. Never forget that MI CASA ES TU CASA and you will be always welcome. God Bless You all and I wish you the best for this HAPPY NEW YEAR!!! Bess & Julie <3, Very proud to be part of their team. Do you want to try Kitchen Surfing catering services my friends? Go online, place your order and you will get $50.00 off your first catering. Enjoy your event with www.Kitchensurfing.com/villamexicocafe :)!!!, Happy Monday my dear friends!!! It was an excellent Saturday @ WILLIAMS-SONOMA NATICK, thank you so much to all of you that did us the favor of attending!!! Our friends were delighted with our tacos, quesadillas and our MAYORAL SALSA....UNIQUE!!! THANK YOU, THANK YOU, THANK YOU, THANK YOU WILLIAMS-SONOMA, THANK YOU KITCHEN SURFING, THANK YOU MY FRIENDS....GOD BLESS YOU <3, Traffic outstanding... But we are in our way to WILLIAM SONOMA NATICK!!! eat while you shop, try our TRADITIONAL BEEF TACOS...courtesy of KITCHENSURFING. Chef Julie  will cook for you and MOMMA KING WILL HUGH YOU!!! SEE U LATER DEAR KIDDOOOOOOSSS!!!, Tomorrow we will be at @WilliamsSonoma Natick Mall cooking and sampling my friends!!! Come by for some goodies while you shop! Sart at 11am!, Nice my friends, our Family keeps growing and this is the time to WELCOME TO OUR FAMILY LUIS R, YOU ARE OUR MEMBER # 584, Thank you dear LUIS, thank you for liking us!!!, My dear friends, we have a nice surprise.....Tomorrow from 11:00 am to 4:30 pm we will be cooking our TRADITIONAL BEEF TACOS,  some QUESADILLAS and our UNIQUE BLACK SALSA @ WILLIAMS-SONOMA NATICK and we are representing as well KITCHENSURFING, the best place for catering. This will be your last chance to get your yummy Salsa for your Holidays, plus free tacos, courtesy from KITCHENSUEFING!!! So don't miss it....Hope to see you there....!!! SEE YOU LATER KIDDOOOOOOSSS!!!, Woooooooow my dear friends, our FAMILY KEEPS GROWING!!! Let's WELCOME our Friends: SHICK N, NIDA S, JULIO CESAR, KS CHEF SCOUT & HAMBERGLAR McCHEESE!!! THANK YOU, THANK YOU, THANKT YOU,  MY FRIENDS FOR LIKING US & WELCOME TO OUR FAMILY!!!! <3, Happy snowy day my friends....Look, it was a nice surprise to see this post in FB. Very happy :-)  thank you Jesus, thank you for enjoying our Salsa!!!!!, THANK YOU MY FRIENDS, THANK YOU SO MUCH!!! It was such a wonderful busy day and it was incredible to see you there! Your business is extremely valuable to us. May God bless you and we wish you MERRY CHRISTMAS, HAPPY HOLIDAYS FOR YOU AND YOUR LOVELY FRIENDS AND FAMILY!!!, It's getting busy at Copley, I think people want to hurry before the snow! If you want salsa we're here until 4pm my dears :)! #yuuum!, Happy Saturday my dear friends, running like crazy but almost there...WE WILL SEE YOU @ WILLIAMS-SONOMA COPLEY!!!! We will be there until 4:30 pm..  SEE YOU LATER KIDDOOOOOOOOSSSSS!!!!, Thanks for the mention @EaterBoston! We are loading those salsa jars now ;)! @ Copley Williams-Sonoma 11am! http://t.co/6ay3Rs1tEQ, Happy Friday my dear friends. After enjoying a beautiful celebration of our Lady of Guadalupe, we are working very hard preparing more SALSA FOR YOU!!! We will be tomorrow Saturday @ WILLIAMS-SONOMA COPLEY from 11:00 to 4:30 pm. Hurry up......don't get late......!!! SEE YOU TOMORROW KIDDOOOOOOS!!!, My dears one friend is celebrating today! Her sister wants to make it "viral" So, #HappyBirthdaySaili :)!!! http://t.co/DT1RH3jNqf, Tomorrow is the Virgin of Guadalupe day! I'm helping organize a celebration at St. Mary of the Annunciation in Cambridge. Join if around!, Good morning my dear friends, today is The SMALL BUSINESS SATURDAY and then CYBER-MONDAY, Sooooo how many SALSAS would you like??? You can place your order by phone @ 617-957-0725 or on line @ villamexicocafe.us and click on Salsa!!! Yeeeeeeee THANK YOU MY FRIENDS FOR YOUR WONDERFUL SUPPORT, GOD BLESS YOU!!!, HAPPY THANKSGIVING DAY MY DEAR FRIENDS...what kind of turkey are you having today??? Well, that is not important, what is the point of today is to give thanks for all that many many things that we have. That's why we want to say THANK YOU LORD, THANK YOU FOR GIVING US THE OPPORTUNITY TO HAVE A WONDERFUL BUSINESSES AND MEET SUCH WONDERFUL PEOPLE LIKE YOU MY DEAR FRIENDS!!! THANK YOU, WE WOULD NOT EXIST WITHOUT YOU...GOD BLESS YOU & YOUR FAMILY!!!, If you're traveling this week, get to the airport early/drive slow and have patience my dears! It's worth it to enjoy family :)!, "Hello my dear! Would you like to try some salsa?" -me
"Is the Pope Catholic?" -a gentle older customer. 

Hahahahahaha! 

I tell you my friends, I have so much fun selling here at Copley and meeting you!, Here and ready for you! Come get your salsaaaaa @ Williams Sonoma Copley :)! http://t.co/92csfpBiQg, Finishing off some salsa jars for tomorrow's sale at Williams-Sonoma in Copley Mall! If you're around holiday shopping, stop by friends :)!, Happy Friday my dear Friends! Tomorrow Saturday Nov. 23, will be your last chance to get your Salsa before your Thanksgiving Dinner @ WILLIAM SONOMA COPLEY. We will be there from 11:00 to 5:00 pm Soooooo....DON'T MISS IT............SEE YOU LATER KIDDOOOOOSSSSS!!!, Good morning my wonderful friends! Did you already place your order to get our UNIQUE BLACK SALSA for your Thanksgiving Dinner and Christmas gifts??!! Hurry up......don't delay . Book now before it is too late!!!, Nice my friends, we have a new Member in our Family...Kiddos, let's WELCOME our dear HEATHER M. our friend number 575....Yeeeeeee.....THANK YOU MY DEAR, THANK YOU FOR LIKING US!!!!!!, It was so nice to see our friend Male (@María Elena Cruz) and deliver her salsa order for her and her husband!!! We also got to see one of our handsome customers ;)! Thank you guys, it was a big pleasure to see you...Enjoy your Salsa!!! And remember you can place your orders for holiday gifts now kiddooooooos!, Es sabado soleado mis amigos! Disfruten de este bello dia!!!, My dear Friends, I have a short little but wonderful story to tell you: I had to go to MGH, MASS GENERAL HOSPITAL!!! OK!!! When Bess & I got @ Blake Bldg-4th floor the recepcionist asked me:  your name?? Julie King....more questions...bla,bla...where do you work?? Me: I have a Mexican Restaurant...oh! And she looked at me and goes..., OH OH, OH, THE BEST BURRITOS IN BOSTON IS HERE TODAY!!!I Then.....They passed me with the Endoscopy Doctor and the Nurse that was there asked me, Hi honey, what brings you here??? And the Doctor said ...SHE BRINGS MY BURRITO, RIGHT MY FRIEND!?!....I was speechless... Oh, this is  lovely, I had an awful tommy ache, but for sure this made me feel soooo happy, because almost after a year my lovely friends still remember me!!! It doesn't matter their position...ALL OF THEM ARE 
 MY FRIENDS!!! God bless you all :)!, Happy Veterans Day to all our heroes, thank you for keeping us safe. Specially for our Veteran <3, Yeeeeeeeeeeee....ANNA IS HERE!!!!! and I love it!!!!, Wonderful friends trying our Salsa....Yummy...!!!!!!, Front and center at Williams-Sonoma Copley my friends, see you here :)!, We have a great spot at the Copley @WilliamsSonoma and of course great salsa for you my friends, here until 4pm! http://t.co/7vr4w7bxMT, Happy Saturday my friends, here we are at WILLIAMS-SONOMA COPLEY, getting ready for you....!!!SEE YOU LATER KIDDOOOOOOSSSSSS!!!!!!, Well, well, well...I am just noticing that we have a new Members into our Family!!! And I would like to WELCOME.... SCOTT C, OUR FRIEND # 572; JEANETTE A. OUR FRIEND # 573 and SHUANG CH. OUR FRIEND # 574, Thank you all my dear Friends THANK YOU FOR LIKING US....YEEEEEEEEEE!!!!!!, Well, working very hard.....but everything is ready for WILLIAMS-SONOMA COPLEY sampling and selling our Salsa......Yes, I am tired but very happy because I will see my lovely Friends in few....yeeeeeeeeee......!!!!!! SEE YOU LATER KIDDOOOOOSSSS!!!!, At @eatboston Guacaholics Anonymous 4!, Our friend said, "it looks like you're giving communion with the salsa, there's a line to have it after the guac!" Hahaha, c'mon my friends, you are funny! Having a nice time seeing our fellow restaurant friends from El Centro, Olecito, El Pelon, Barrio Cantina and more ;)!!!, At Barrio Cantina for @eatboston Guacaholics! Nice to see our friends from El Pelon, El Centro, Olecito and more :)! http://t.co/yn1zeehcQ0, Mmmmmmmm, preparing the guacamole for tonite....SEE YOU LATER KIDDOOOOOOSSS!!!, Happy first Monday of November!!! My dear friends we are working on our yummy Guacamole! Don't forget that today is our big GUACAHOLIC ANONYMOUS 4 EVENT. Did you already get your tickets? Good, have a super duper day......SEE YOU LATER KIDDOOOOOOOSSS!!!  :), TOMORROW: eatBoston's Guacaholics Anonymous 4... and we will be serving our authentic guacamole my friends! Learn more and get tickets if they're still available here: http://www.wheretoeat.in/2013-guacaholics-anonymous/ See you tomorrow kiddos!!!!!, More than two million people??!! Wonderful Parade, were you there my friends??? How are you celebrating this beautiful day??!! Well...enjoy your weekend my friends!!!, Happy First of November my friends. Today we celebrate DIA DE MUERTOS (The Day of the Death) in Mexico and part of our tradition is our sugar skulls. Do you remember we used to do it for you??!! God willing, we will do it again!!! Enjoy your day <3...SEE YOU LATER KIDDOOOOOSSS!!!!!, Good morning my friends, how do you feel after our BIG GAME..... THANK YOU RED SOX!!! I understand you...but it's worth it, so let's go back to the reality and everybody have a HAPPY HALLOWEEN!!! Be safe and don't eat a lot of candies...SEE YOU LATER KIDDOOOOOOSSSS!!!!, Happy Wednesday my friends, it could be raining today but I am pretty sure that all of us are very happy, excited and full of love to be signing SWEET CAROLYN OH. OH, OH, sooooo let's scream together GOOOOOOO SOOOOX WE LOVE YOU...YOU ARE THE BEST!!!!, Well, well, well, my mistake! I am so sorry that I did not welcome on time our new MEMBERS, but God willing never it's too late to do it, so we would like to WELCOME: CHRIS M. our Friend number 562, LINDA C. our Friend number 563, ANITA L. our Friend number 564 and KARRIE B. our Friend number 565.... WELCOME TO OUR FAMILY MY DEAR FRIENDS, THANK YOU SO MUCH FOR LIKING US....YEEEEEEEEEEE!!! WE KEEP GROWING <3!!!, I was going to write a post inmy page my friends, and the first thing I saw at the screen was my Beef Burrito!!! God if I miss it, I want to have one now...yummy!!!, A Mexican take on turkey, our take! Order through @Kitchensurfing my friends: http://t.co/CYeWXAIPfF, What a week ahead, so many things happening in our great city, and I hope one includes another WIN! :)! Happy Tuesday my friends!, Happy Friday my friends! Getting ready for a meeting with our awesome lawyers @DharLaw!, Sweet Carolyn.....oh oh oh !!!!..... Feeling happy and also...Thank you BRUINS!!!! YES!!! Take care my dear kiddooooss!!!!, You know what I'm doing?! Getting my spot by the TV ready!!! LET'S GO @REDSOX (clap, clap, clap, clap, clap)!!! http://t.co/Lhb1Lek9Yc, Sampling, selling and getting our unique black salsa on stores shelves for you!, Have a great weekend my friends, good luck to our home teams and all the athletes rowing this weekend! We are a city of champs!!!, Happy Friday my dears...let's go...will be fun, enjoy your day!!! Quack, quack: Free Duck Tours in Boston on Friday http://t.co/doDU1v2H2q., Remember, it's Tuesday today! ;) have a great week my friends!, Rrrrrrrrready for saaaaaaalsa!!!! See you here at the Natick Mall @williamsonoma until 4pm my friends! :) #salsa http://t.co/4NjNL5jT06, Good morning my friends!!! Ready and heading to Williams Sonoma Natick Mall for aother salsa sale! Let's make this morning spiiiicy!!!!!, Working hard and getting ready for our sampling & sale of our UNIQUE BLACK SALSA @ WILLIAMS-SONOMA NATICK MALL!!! See you there kiddos from 11:00 to 5:00 pm!!!, My dear Friends: as you all know, times have been very difficult for us trying to get relocated. Different situations have been going on, like a place being very expensive in rent, not finding the right builder, or landlords changing agreements, etc. Well, today it seems that we might have another opportunity for our relocation.

It's make me happy, but to be honest I do not want to go crazy because every time it is much more harder for me to realize that a certain place was not the right for us :(   

I need to have your help and I need to have your honest opinion.  As I've always said you are not my customers, YOU ARE MY FAMILY and this is very important for me because that means that if I can get this place I will see you all again!!! 

Please tell me.....WHAT DO YOU THINK ABOUT ROSLINDALE,( exactly Washington St. one block from Adams Park) for VILLA MEXICO'S relocation?

Transportation is not a problem because all the buses that are based at Forest Hill T Station (orange line) go that way, it takes ten minutes with traffic to get there. Eventhough there is no parking place, there is a municipal parking lot close by, plus the street parking spaces (no meters) and a possibility to get a parking deal with some surrounding businesses there. 

Roslindale is having a new atmosphere and as well as JP, they do not have an authentic Mexican food, and there is a good possibility to serve beer and wine. 

My dear Family... What do you think about this location? Do you think it would be very difficult for you to go there? If not, how many times do you think you might go in a month? Would you place catering orders? 

THANK YOU MY FRIENDS, YOUR HELP IS EXTREMELY VALUABLE AND USEFUL FOR US!!! God Bless You all!!!, How are you doing my dears?! I'm cooking for Saturday's salsa sale at the Natick Mall and checking more @KS_Boston offers! Your turn now!, We have a new member in our Family!!! Let's WELCOME JONATHAN M.....Thank you my dear friend. THANK YOU FOR LIKING US....YEEEEEEE!!!!!!, Happy Friday my friends! Enjoy because it seems the cold is finally coming :s but we'll warm you up with good food :)!, Nice to see our Consulate @ConsulmexBoston at the @WilliamsSonoma market, gracias por su apoyo! http://t.co/n198L2wr6i, With @flatevofficial team at Artisans Market, they have a portable machine that makes fresh corn tortillas! http://t.co/dWae2FPx9x, We got your salsaaaaa! At Williams-Sonoma Copley Boston today my friends, see you here! http://t.co/AzYcVxPtB9, YES...We are already here @ WILLIAMS-SONOMA COPLY, stop by, say hello and get your Salsa!!!  SEE YOU LATER KIDDOOOOOOSSSS!!!!!, Happy Saturday my dear Friends!!! Today we will be promoting and selling OUR UNIQUE BLACK SALSA @ WILLIAMS-SONOMA COPLEY!!!! From 11-4:00 pm soooo...SEE YOU LATER KIDDOOOOOOOOSSSSS!!!!, Today we celebrate my lovely daughter's Birthday. During six good years we celebrated Bess' birthday in our little place @ the gas station together with you my dear friends. We miss our parties over there, we miss all the excitement, but for sure, we miss you a lot my friends!!! I pray every day for having my business back so I can see you all and celebrate again all together!!! God Bless You my Friends!!!!, Make a smart decision VOTE 4 ROSS-NICHOLS! Five vie to fill seat long held by Michael Ross http://t.co/BFBiJTukI3 via @BostonGlobe, We keep working @ FAMILY'S DAY EVENT @ Cambridge. Thanks to my chiquibaby!!!!, Children enjoyed the Piñata!!! God Day today!!!, Shipping another SALSA for our Friend JEREMY K., please let us know when you get it my friend, THANK YOU SO MUCH!!!, Happy Friday my friends, while cooking and getting ready the catering for MIT I wanted to share this beautiful Mexican potpourri that Mr. Placido Domingo sings with a lot of feeling..Enjoy it my friends...and.... SEE YOU LATER KIDDOOOOOOOOOOOOSSSSS!!!, Hi my friends, we are very happy to WELCOME into our Family our new Member # 563 JOHNATHAN M. Thank you so my my friend for liking us!!!, Check out my dear @mattnoyesnecn's forecast: It's a pleasant and mild evening after a day full of sunshine http://t.co/8NnbsTNTZH thank you!, Happy middle of the week my friends! How are you all doing?! Well, two more days for the weekend so hang on ;)! http://t.co/DW6nOUMa7X, Please help us and vote for our BOSTON LOGAN AIRPORT AS THE BEST UN SOCIAL MEDIA, you don't need to register my friends just VOTE and it's for a good cause!!! Then, please share it!!! Thank you my friends!!!, It's a good cake!!!, Happy Monday my friends, it was so nice to see you @ our event and share a little time together like in the old times. Thank you to VERONICA ROBLES & OUR CÓNSUL OF MEXICO, MR. DANIEL HERNÁNDEZ J, for the invitation. Very happy to celebrate our MEXICO INDEPENDANCE DAY with you and our lovely friends...YOU!!!, Almost time for the Event. SEE YOU THERE MY FRIENDS, don't miss the TACO FAYRE @ Roxbury Community College, Join us, VOTE FOR US!!! Aaaannd VIVA MÉXICO with....VILLA MEXICO CAFÉ!!! SEE YOU LATER KIDDOOOOOOSSSS!!!, Pots full of freshly cooked chicken! Wonder what we'll cook with it? Then find out tonight ;)! http://t.co/PznRfAdoa9, We are very happy because we catered for SUN CATALYTIX today, they are such a wonderful Customers, but we are very sad as well because our lovely friend ARTHUR ESSWEIN is moving to California for good and today was his Farewell Party. Art started coming to our little place more than 4 years ago. He loves our xspc pork burrito with guacamole, then he connected us with his Company and since our good friend is leaving, our lovely Michelle from SUN CATALYTIX told me today: "Julie don't worried we will keep ordering our yummy burritos"!! Priceless my friends YOU ARE SUCH A WONDERFUL COMPANY. THANKS A LOT,...WE SINCERELY APPRECIATE YOUR BUSINESS. And my dear Arthur, We wish you the best of luck because you deserve it, please don't miss winter in New England!!!.GOD BLESS YOU ALWAYS!!!, Tacos, tacos, tacos? Salsa, salsa, salsa? YES! YES! YES! #ElGritoBoston http://t.co/yipLGYmY5X See you tomorrow my friends! ;)!, What will you be doing tomorrow my friends? Why not come to a party with us and eat lots, and lots of TACOS?!?!?!? 

Join us at this year's Mexican Independence Day party at the Reggie Lewis Athletic Center! 

Hope to see you there my friends, and in the meantime stay dry and warm today ok!!! SEE YOU LATER KIDDOS ♥!, Mexican Independence Day 2013! Come celebrate with us my friends, at a Taco feast party! #ElGritoBoston http://t.co/LpsWG6wJPy, Let't pray for them.....let's pray for us <3GBUA<3, HI MY DEAR FRIENDS! Let's WELCOME to our Family OUR FRIEND # 565 JONATHAN MÁX! Thank you my friend, thank you for LIKING us!!! Have a great Kiddoooosss!!!, HELLO MY FRIENDS!!!! Do not forget that this Saturday we will be celebrationg our MEXICAN INDEPENDANCE DAY!!! Save the date (09/14/13) @ R. Lewis Track Roxbury Community Collage @ 6:00 pm and Vote for the BEST TACO...OF COURSE...VOTE FOR VILLA MÉXICO CAFÉ!!! :) SEE YOU LATER KIDDOOOOOOOOSSSS!!!!, Happy Tuesday my Friends. September is here as well as our INDEPENDANCE DAY, so don't forget that we will be celebrating it with RICOS TACOS!!! WHEN: On September 14, 2013. WHERE: @ Reggie Lewis Track-Roxbury Community Center. TIME: Doors open @ 6:00 pm. Come and enjoy our exclusive TACOS & our UNIQUE BLACK SALSA and vote for us. Only...Adults - $7.00 ea. And $2.00 per taco!!! GOOD DEAL MY FRIENDS SOOOOOO...SEE YOU THERE KIDDOOOOOOOOOSSS!!!, Happy #LaborDay my friends! Work hard to be better, in school, office... But don't forget we should also work hard to help each other <3!, HAPPY INTERNATIONAL BACON DAY MY FRIENDS, THANKS Marc Hurwitz TO LET US KNOW!!! JUST FOR YOU...ONLY BACON, BEER & SUGAR, ENJOY IT!!!, Happy Friday & long weekend my friends!!!, Hello my dear friends. Another Salsa ready to goooooo!!! Will, its on your way.... Don't forget yours my friends, it's very easy...just place your order on line villamexicocafe.us!!! SEE YOU LATER KIDDOOOOOOOOSSS!!!, Happy wet morning my dear fellows, we have so excited news to share with you! Our wonderful friends Gigi Cochrane and Dough Cochrane are proud parents of our Baby Boy KEENAN COCHRAN. He participated in Justin Timberlake music video MIRRORS and they won the MTV's MUSIC VIDEO OF THE YEAR!!! We still remember how our lovely friends likes our xscp Beef Burrito no cheese with tons of guac!!! CONGRATULATIONS DEAR KEENAN, GOOD JOB AND KEEP GOING!!! We also are so proud of you, God Bless You All!!!, Happy Thursday my dear Friends!!! Hope everything is good for you... Well this morning I noticed that we have THREE NEW MEMBERS m, so let's WELCOME THEM INTO OUR FAMILY!!! Our friend # 559 KATRINA C., our friend # 560 KALIM S., and our friend # 561 LUZ GABITA!!! Yeeeeeee. Welcome and thank you my friends, thank you for LIKING US!!!! HAVE A GREAT DAY KIDDOOOOOOOOOSSSSS!!!!, AWESOME! Thank you my friend! RT @hammerchick My #MINFoodie blog post is up: Foodies Descend on Trade Center 128 http://t.co/kq61Nd6eyK, My dear Kiddooooooosss, Do you know that GARLIC is good to clean your lungs, to clean your throat, to strength your nails and TO LOSE WEIGHT!!! Besides of course, to be a great condiment on your food :)... Lets eat GARLIC!!!, Happy Friday everyone!!! Feel happy today because we have THREE new Members in our Family!!! WE WELCOME, LISA, PATTY & LUPITA, our Friends # 551, 552 & 553. Thank you my lovely ladies for LIKING US!!! Enjoy your day....SEE YOU LATER KIDDOOOOOSSSSS!!!!, Hi my friends, very happy because we are WELCOMING INTO OUR FAMILY OUR FRIEND # 550; SUNJAY!!! Thank you my friend, thank you for LIKING US!!!, Like Mother - like Daughter, IT WAS GREAT!!! Thank you MASSINO. Thank you BABY!!! Please try our UNIQUE BLACK SALSA!!!, Oh my friends, thank you, thank you, THANK YOU!!! We had a fabulous time tonight with all of you at #MINFoodie!!! #happy!, Thank you!!! “@hammerchick: Julie from @VillaMexicoCafe presenting at #minfoodie5. Best salsa I have ever tasted! http://t.co/VMsj6lNVYX, “@cummingsdotcom: @VillaMexicoCafe says its salsa is even good on vanilla ice cream - yum! #MINFoodie5” it sure is my friend!, “@JuliaShanks: @businessforfood @VillaMexicoCafe @AmericanAir I got my purse size jar too.” Thank you my friends!!! GBU!, Our table at #MINFoodie!!! http://t.co/qvmR4oFoaq, Busy bees at #MINFoodie! Thank you for coming by to try Salsa Mayoral my friends :)!!! http://t.co/HzDhDI7BGw, Enjoying #MINFoodie!!!, Hi Kiddoooosss, lets WELCOME TO OUR FAMILY, our Friend # 549 MIGUEL (MIGUELITO) CHAVEZ!!! Thank you Miguelito, thank you to LIKE US!!!!, EVERYTHING READY FOR TONIGHT!!!!! And you are more than welcome to join us my Friends!!! Mass Innovation Night. Woburn Trade Center - Bldg-300. Woburn, Ma. 128 E/35 behind S&S Supermarket. We will love to see you there from 6:00 to 9:00 pm and sample our UNIQUE & UNFORGETABLE SALSA!!!!  DO NOT MISS OUR RAFFLE @ 8:00 PM!!!!! THANK YOU AND...SEE YOU LATER KIDDOOOOOOOOOOSSSS!!!, You did it my friends :)! THANK YOU!!! We are practicing our short presentation now! http://mass.innovationnights.com/events/mass-innovation-nights-53-minfoodie-5, Thank you my friends!!! READY FOR TOMORROW! MassInno The winners of #MINFoodie5: @DancingDeer @GrabA_Bite @villamexicocafe @Foodie_Journey, We're at 121! Let's make it to 150 my friends, THANK YOU!!!! 

You can vote until NOON TODAY. Just go to "Vote" and choose SALSA MAYORAL and done! No email or anything :) 

Now I'm off to finish more jars for tomorrowwwwww! SEE YOU SOON KIDDOOOOS <3!, It's our first #MINFoodie my friends! Please join us and vote for SALSA MAYORAL :)!  http://t.co/OT2MUO89Kf, SALSA, SALSA, SALSA!!! Ready at William's Sonoma in Natick Mall my friends, see you here! http://t.co/tpWNmZedpn, Happy weekend my friends! Up and ready for @WilliamsSonoma Artisan Market at Natick Mall today 11am-3pm. If you're around please stop by! :), WOHOO!!! RT @timstansky: #FF @MassInno #MINFoodie product launches 8/14 @VillaMexicoCafe @Bosco @cuppow @teacuvee http://t.co/WU40eOU17q, GUESS WHAT FRIENDS?! Back from Mexico tomorrow for another salsa showing at Williams-Sonoma then more salsa cooking for #MIN51!!! LOVE YA!!!, OH MY GOODNESS MY FRIENDS!!! We have gotten so much attention to our participation on #MINFoodie5! THANK YOU!!! http://t.co/JJaC247SOz, My dear and lovely Friends: I would like to thank each of you so much for all your regards and wonderful messages that you sent me on my Birthday. Thank you very much because you made me feel very happy. I realize one more time that you are not my Customers... YOU ARE PART OF MY FAMILY. I feel so blessed because I have such a wonderful friends like you...God Bless you all...I AM SUCH A LUCKY GIRL!!!! I<3UA!!!, Wishing I was at my little place to share cake with you my friends but very happy to get your happy birthday wishes, LOVE YOU ALL!!! :) <3!, Today was a special day at our little business, our wonderful friends would come with flowers and share cake because it's Momma King's birthday! Well, even if the business is not there it is still VERY special because Julie King keeps making every day special. Thank you for your flowers and love during the years on Cam ridge Street my friends, we always rememeber this day with extra love thanks to you. HAPPY BIRTHDAY MAMITA!!! (from Bess) ;), We say good morning my dear friends from Puebla, the Capital of MOLE POBLANO. What a wonderful place to celebrate my birthday....yeeeeeeeeee.. SEE YOU LATER KIDDOOOOOSSS!!!!, HAPPY HUMID WEDNESDAY MY FRIENDS!!!! Sorry my dears because I have not been on line lately. God willing, we have been busy selling our SALSAS!!! Let me tell you, this coming August 14, we will be participating in a Foodie Event that Mass Innovation Night is organizing @ Woburn, Ma., we need a lot of votes to winn extra time to make a 5 minutes presentation about our YUMMY SALSA MAYORAL. If we winn in accordance with the votes that we can get, we can sell Salsa @this Event and get more happy customers LIKE YOU!!! My question is: WOULD YOU DO ME THE FAVOR TO VOTE FOR VILLA MÉXICO CAFÉ - SALSAS MAYORAL?! Can you tell your friends and Family to do so? The link is: mass.innivationnights.com/events/ mass-innovation-nights-53-minifoodie-5. Thank you my friends, I know you will support us as usual, and hopefully we will see you there, GBU!!! SEE YOU LATER KIDDOOOOOSSS!!!!, La gordita pesa 150 lbs y ha estado en él Acuario desde 1970, Mmmmm parte del inventario!!!! http://t.co/f5AQ9cS7K9, Happy and hot Thursday my friends, working early for a catering @ School of Business - MIT!!!! Yeeeeeeee, thank you Ms. Laurel, see you there. Have a wonderful day and stay cool...SEE YOU LATER KIDDOOOOOOOSSS!!!, My friends! Join the chat! We're here with our @hiddenboston and food blogger friends :)! http://t.co/K7KEEetJs0, MY DEARS!!! GREAT news for you, with an email coming this week, we are joining Mass Innovation at their Foodie event on August 14!!! 

Please join us in Woburn and vote for us at this link for us to get extra time to present our product and reach more Mexican food lovers!!! 

SEE YOU THERE KIDDOOOS!!! GBUA!, Look my friends: http://t.co/uFJLlorEPl Excited to join @massinno at #MINFoodie5!!! Please vote for us :)!!! http://t.co/2huN3qzPXT, Helloooo my friends, we are happy to WELCOME OUR MEMBER # 548, JEFF T., Thank you my dear Jeff to LIKE us. We WELCOME YOU to our Family!!!!, Happy Saturday my friends, today we will prepare yommy enchiladas ok!!! We will post them as soon as they get ready...in the mean time...enjoy your wet Saturday and be happy!!! SEE YOU LATER KIDDOOOOOSSS!!, Happy Friday my dear friends!!! It has been a very good BURRITOS sale this week, and YOU CAN ALSO KEEP ENJOYING THEM!! It is very easy, look: Minimum order = 30 Burritos, you can order SPC or mild, chx, beef, pork, veggies, plain, our specialties CHORIZO, MOLE POBLANO. Add lettuce, tomatoes, rice, beans, cheese, s.c., guac, our unique SALSA and of course our touch of love that still make them be...THE BEST BURRITOS IN BOSTON!!! Give us a call (617-957-0725), we are very flexible and we love to pamper you.. SEE YOU LATER KIDDOOOOOSSSS!!!!!, Happy Friends @ CANNON, Nice seeing you my dear AMY, CHRIS, EMIL and the whole team!!!! GBU http://t.co/qaB84L8iQq, Our first delivery, THANK YOU MICHELLE from SUN CATALYTIS!!!! ENJOY THE BURRITOS!!!! http://t.co/KKq11XirJ9, Happy Friday my dear friends, we are working and working on our Burritos Catering Orders!!! Do not forget....THE BEST BURRITOS IN BOSTON!!! SEE YOU LATER KIDDOOOOOOOSSS....!!!!, Good morning my dear friends: Working hard and happy in preparing the CHORIZO!!! Tomorrow we have two BURRITOS catering 60 in total BUT 26 from them are just chorizo!!! Thank you CANNON, Thank you SUN C. See you tomorrow!! Lets keep working and SEE YOU LATER KIDDOOOOOOSSSS!!!, Thank you Ms Renee and Ms Kaithee from Student Affairs Office @ MIT...They were fast...they are gone!!! Enjoy it my friends, God Bless You!!!, MMMMMMMMMMMM....MOLE ENCHILADAS....JUST DELICIOUS!!!! http://t.co/zPO3VB2rJL, Working hard this morning on a yummy catering fir MIT...HERE WE GOOOOOOO.....!!!!! http://t.co/91fuMZvE2d, HAPPY 4th OF JULY MY DEAR AMERICAN FRIENDS!!! Thank you for receiving all these immigrants that are part of this great Country, I am happy because I am one of them, and we celebrate with you..THANK YOU GOD BLESS THE USA AND GOD BLESS EACH OF YOU <3 !!!, Baked Salmon in wine-mustard sauce for Dinner tonite!!! Yummy!!! http://t.co/yRGhxgTxvu, Good morning my dear friends, getting ready for another day. Tell me how are you going to celebrate "INDEPENDANCE DAY", ready for it?? Enjoy it and....SEE YOU LATER KIDDOOOOOOSSS!!!!, Shipping more Salsas to Chicago!!!! Here we go Arielle!!! http://t.co/lNo6dJqtwB, Shipping another Salsa toooooooo: MIAMI,FLA!!! Thanks Dan it's on its way... Enjoy it!!!, Today we WELCOME TO OUR FAMILY two new Members...yeeeeeee Our Friend # 543 CARLOS FERNANDO and our Friend # 544 CESAR M., THANK YOU MY FRIENDS, THANK YOU TO "LIKE" US!!! <3, July and nothing yet my friends, but we keep looking with our faith on God.  Lets enjoy this first day of the month with a nice lunch, that soon or later I will prepare for you...finger crossed and..SEE YOU LATER KIDDOOOOOOSSSS!!!!, My friends, are you traveling to #MexicoCity or living there for a while? Ask me about our family home we're renting in Coyoacan!, Ready to cook, THANK YOU ROY@ROCKPORT, delicious as always!!! http://t.co/uYTS6mvXYs, Happy and wet Friday to all of you my friends!! Happy to help our friends @NOKIA.  Now lets start the catering for CANNON....Yeeeee...see you soon my friends with ALL THE CHORIZO BURRITOS ESPECIALLY FOR CHRIS!!! Enjoy the day and.. SEE YOU LATER KIDDOOOOOOOSSSS!!!!, This is our nice friend @nicholsmj on @BostonMagazine talking about his City Council race: http://t.co/armgQ3ASPd good job!, Hahaha! Don't worry we cook fresh, organic and no lard, etc! @SamanthaNWho: We’re having for @VillaMexicoCafe for lunch - fat kids rejoice!, Good morning my dear Friends, getting ready and working hard for NOKIA'S catering today!!! By the way this weather is beautiful isn't it? Just a little sun shine and its perfect to me, what do you think?? Ok, lets go back to work.....SEE YOU LATER KIDDOOOOOOSSSSS!!!!, My dears happy and hot Wednesday. Yesterday, we had a Meeting with the team at JM Curley. We are trying to put together either a pop-up or sell some of my specialties in their place at Downtown Crossing. Nothing definitive yet. We will let you know if something happens ok my dears?! In the meantime we keep looking for a place!!! Have a wonderful day and.....SEE YOU LATER KIDDOOOSSSS!!!!, Good morning my dears, I hope you feel better after the sad news. It was a good game and I really enjoy it. Lets keep moving dear Bostonians. Today I have a meeting for a new project soooo keep your finger crossed!!! ENJOY YOUR DAY AND SEE YOU LATER KIDDDOOOOOOOOOSSSS!!!, Lookie lookie! My baby and our nice friends! @Bessiejking: Lovely night sending off @aaronwkagan from @EaterBoston  http://t.co/bcJYk2sHVR, What a beautiful day my friends. THANKS A LOT, and by the way....we would like to WELCOME to our Family our Friend # 538 JANE M.!!! WELCOME MY FRIEND, THANK YOU TO "LIKE" US. Have a wonderful weekend and GOD BLESS YOU ALL <3, Thank you to our Friend Chef Louis Schorr! Wonderful way to share a good day @ Williams- Sonoma Copley!!! :), We are very happy @ WILLIAM SONOMA COPLEY, come and meet our good friend CHEF LOUIS SCHORR from FOODING AROUND NEW ENGLAND...Stop by to say helloooooo....See you later  Kiddoooooooossss!!!, Happy Saturday my friends, everything ready for our WILLIAMS-SONOMA COPLEY's PRESENTATION. So excited to see you there, Don't forget... from 12:00 to 5:00 pm .. SEE YOU LATER KIDDOOOOOOSSSSS!!!!!!, Back from Mexiquito and tomorrow we'll be at @WilliamsSonoma's Artisan Market again. Gotta keep going, hope to  see you there my friends!, HAPPY FRIDAY MY DEARS!!! Uuuuffff, I do apologize for the delay but we are working very hard on our Salsas. Don't forget TOMORROW SATURDAY 6/22/13, We will be sampling and selling our Salsas @ WILLIAMS-SONOMA COPLEY, from 12:00-4:00 on....SEE YOU THERE KIDDOOOOOOSSSS!!!!, Happy Thursday my dear friends!!! We are back and I feel happy because we have three new members in our Family, so let's WELCOME THEM: Our Friend # 535 DOMINGO G., Our new Friend # 536 PATTY K., and our Friend # 537 - JANIUX O., THANK YOU MY FRIENDS, THANK YOU TO "LIKE" US!!!!  SEE YOU LATER KIDDOOOOOSSSSS.....!!!!!, This guy is selling Tamales, Atole and sweet rolls at the street. I was very happy sharing some of my cooking tips & techniques about preparing good tamales, shredding chx, and so forth. This only happens in my lovely México!!!, I was shaking, I was dancing, did I drink too much tequila??? OMG NOO! I forgot the feeling and the meaning of an earthquake!! Then I though...WAIT it's time for me to wish HAPPY FATHER'S DAY TO MY LOVELY KIDDOOOOSS!!! Enjoy your day I<3U !!!, Look what I found online just now!!! http://www.billbrett.com/2012BostonEvents/716-Quacaholics-Anonymous/24346201_VxWp7p/1983608621_Z6Pmgsc#!i=1983608589&k=ggBJkRj, Happy Friday my dears, I heard it's raining over there ... :(  what about a good fruit salad for lunch, stay inside, eat healthy and yummy!!! Take care and....SEE YOU LATER KIDDOOOOOOOOOSSSS!!!, I share my breakfast with you my dear friends.....I send you all my love from México and.....I MISS YOU A LOT MY DEAR KIDDOOOOOOOSS!!!, Let's go @NHLBruins boys!!! Sending you love all the way from Mexico, go get it!!!, Already in MEXICO but as usual. No internet, no roaming, no WiFi, Telmex has a big issue with foreign phone companies, sorry my friends I will do my best to stay connected..  in the mean time...SEE YOU LATER KIDDDDOOOOOSSS.....!!!!, My friends a great flight so far, thank you! @USAirways: @Bessiejking Thanks for letting US fly your mother to Mexico today, Bessie!, Dear Friends, I have to make a quick trip to Mexico but I will be handling the situation (websites, fb, etc) from there ok!! You take care and we will be in touch soon!!! GBA &....SEE YOU LATER KIDDOOOOOOOOSSSSS!!!, Hot, hot, hot! But we better enjoy it before it gets cold again and we complain about the snow! Get a drink and enjoy the warmth my dears!!, This is what I call a beautiful sunset!!! http://t.co/g7FVxADQYW, It was wonderful meeting you! "@nicholsmj: Love this picture with a supporter at the BPL today" GO #Nichols2013! http://t.co/DjFkI8ouBz, Sampling, selling and getting our unique black salsa on stores shelves for you!, Thanks my dear! @thediningcar: Some tasty salsa from @VillaMexicoCafe @WilliamsSonoma in Copley today. Deliciosa! Great talking w you Julie!, GREAT DAY, SO HAPPY TO SEE YOU MY FRIENDS, THANK YOU!!! Only one more hour :(..... We will see you here @ WILLIAMS-SONOMA COPLEY....., Ready and going at @WilliamsSonoma in Copley Mall, can't wait to see your dears! Happy Saturday! http://t.co/Y07ZLPSqwq, READY MY FRIENDS!!!! See you later @ WILLIAMS-SONOMA COPLEY!!!!, All set..... Everything ready for our sampling and selling of our Salsa at WILLIAMS - SONOMA COPLEY. We will be there from 12:00 to 4:00 pm!!! SEE YOU LATER KIDDOOOOOOOSSS !!!!, Good morning Friends, enjoy your loooong weekend. We will keep working for another big day @ WILLIAMS - SONOMA COPLEY, tomorrow from 12:00 - 4:00 pm!!! SEE YOU LATER KIDDDOOOOSSSSS!!!!, One day until we sample our salsa at the Artisan Market in Copley Mall's @WilliamsSonoma... but who's counting, right?!?! ;) Exciting!!!, Good morning my friends, ready for breakfast? Enjoy your day, we keep working!!!, Good morning my friends, getting ready for our next SALSA sampling @ WILLIAMS-SONOMA COPLEY this Saturday 5/25 from 12:00 to 4:00 pm Stop by to say hello!!!..Have a wonderful Wednesday....SEE YOU LATER KIDDOOOOOSSS!!!, We would like to WELCOME our Friend # 535 into our Family!!! GRACIAS DOMINGO G. THANK YOU TO "LIKE" US!!!!, Our thoughts and prayers out to Moore - Oklahoma. Today, they need us and we can support them from here!! Just send a text to REDCROSS to 90999 to give $ 10.00 or go online @ redcross.org Probably $10.00 it's not to much  for us but for them....it's a lot!!! THANKS MY KIDDOOOOOSSS I KNOW WE WILL DO IT...GB OUR FRIENDS @ OKLAHOMA!!!, Thank you to all Volunteers, Authorities, Red Cross. etc. to help all the devastated families and residents @ #Moore, God Bless Them., Excellent food Ms. Haverty @ The School of Chemist Engineers - MIT said about our catering service today...Thank you my friends!!!, Happy Monday my friends...getting ready for a MIT catering, some yummy quesadillas, taquitos, guacamole....salsa, Mmmmmmmm.... And more yummy.....!!!! Lets keep working... :), Happy Friday my friends!, Good morning my dear friends. Do you remember our little Amelia, the youngest of our burritos' fan? Well yesterday when I was making a catering delivery @ MGH.. I SAW HER!!! God if She is growing, beautiful and lovely with her usual smily face! Big surprise...Thank you Dave, you made my day!!! God, how much I miss my little place :(, Happy Thursday my dear Friends, what about a yummy tortilla soup for lunch today??? Remember, an authentic tortilla soup always come a kind of soupy, thin fried tortillas strips, and as a garnish you have sour cream, fresh avocado, roasted pasilla pepper, pork rings, aaaaannnddd.... Enjoy it...PROVECHO...SEE YOU LATER KIDDOOOOOOOOSSSSS!!!!!, Hello my friends, as a brief comment I would like to tell you that today we celebrate in Mexico THE TEACHER'S DAY, and we say thank you! for their time, acknowledge and patience granted. Also, we want to show you the most favorite snack for teachers and students, our famous MOLLETES, that are yummy and not expensive, made out of refried pinto beans, cheese, pico de gallo and baked on a half of roll ....Mmmmmmmmhhhh delicious!!! Have a great day...SEE YOU LATER KIDDOOOOOOSSSS!!!!, Happy Tuesday my friends. I bet all of us are VERY HAPPY!!! (well, I mean WE-BOSTONIANS) What a night, what a game, what a TEAM!!! GOOOOOOOOOO BRUINS....SEE YOU LATER KIDDOOOOOSSSS!!!!, Happy Monday my dear Friends. Alfter a week full of happy events, lets start this one wishing you all kind of surprises but especially a lot of blessings and love......SEE YOU LATER KIDDOOOOOSSS!!!, I want to say congratulations to all of you wonderful, beautiful, strong MOMS!!! You are unique! Happy Mother's Day! http://t.co/YgRPcvmMgZ, HAPPY MOTHER'S DAY TO MY LOVELY FRIENDS!!! It is the most hard BUT BLESSED JOB, for sure you don't get paid BUT you get the BEST AND UNIQUE FEELING OF BEING A......, Well.....EVERYTHING WAS GREAT!!! Good experience, wonderful feed back and new incredible friends!!! Thank you WILLIAMS-SONOMA for this nice opportunity. See you on May 25th @ your store at Copley Mall!!!, STEVE T. WE ARE WAITING FOR YOU!!! OUR FRIEND # 500!!!, Yay! This is wonderful my dears ;)! If you're around please come by to say hi OK?!?!?!?!!!!, SALSA TIME!!!!, We welcome our Friend 530 CHUCK K., Yeeeeeee....WELCOME TO OUR FAMILY MY DEAR...Thank you to LIKE us!!!, Here we are my friends! Excited to join @WilliamsSonoma at Natick Mall today for their Artisan Market :)!!! http://t.co/XHc4XBGDRS, OUR FRIEND # 500 FIVE HUNDRED!!!! YOU KNOW WHO YOU ARE!!!! & me toooooo!!!! I will see you @ WILLIAMS SONOMA NATICK for a FREE SALSA (12 oz jar) between 1:00 - 4:00 pm!!! Thank you my friends and keep an eye in here....next one.... it could be you!!!, Good morning my dear friends and happy Saturday, almost MOTHER'S DAY!!! Don't forget that today we are going to be @ WILLIAMS-SONOMA NATICK, promoting and selling our exclusive SALSA...The best gift for Mom and....of course for you as well!!! 12:00 to 4:00 pm...don't miss it.....SEE YOU LATER KIDDOOOOOOOSSSSSS!!!!!!, Happy news.... We WELCOME OUR NEW MEMBER PATRICK M. TO OUR FAMILY!!!! Thank You my friend and thanks a lot to LIKE Us!!!, Happy Friday my dear friends. Today is our MEXICAN MOTHER'S DAY, so happy day for all these beautiful Ladies (including me) that could reach the happiness of being a Mom, the best and tender feeling ever!!! HAPPY MOTHER'S DAY MY LATIN MOMS and this gift is for You all...ENJOY YOUR DAY!!!, Happy Thursday my dears, every year in México and in some other latín countries always on May 10th, we celebrate MOTHERS DAY!!! And here we are getting ready for it and working hard for you with more of our Salsas!!! Do not forget Saturday @ Williams-Sonoma - Natick!!!, The Boss.....feeling like a baby!!!, Good morning my dear friends, I was looking for a recipe and I found this real list of proteins mentioning the veggies that you can have instead of meat! and if you eat meat, always buy it "wild"...you know that right! I wanted to share it with you because at least in this way...I am taking care of you while we are back... Eventhoug it is in Spanish it's very easy to understand! SEE YOU LATER KIDDOOOOOOOOSSSSS!!!, Well, well, well KIDDOOOOSSS, we have another new Friend just right now, WELCOME JACOB L., THANK YOU TO LIKE US... YOU ARE OUR FRIEND # 525!!!! Yeeeeeee......, Happy Tuesday my friends. We are very happy this morning because we WELCOME two beautiful members in our Family! REGINA G., our FRIEND # 523 and NICOLE D. our FRIEND 524, THANK YOU TO LIKE US MY DEAR LADIES and all of you KIDDOOOOSS.... have a wonderful day!!!, Join us THIS Saturday! Salsa to eat, dance, buy and enjoy at Williams-Sonoma! http://t.co/mfAMwZmWkz, null, null, We welcome our wonderful friend # 522, ERICK OMAR to our Family!!! Thank you my dear to LIKE Us!!!, Good news my friends.... Not only we will be @ WILLIAMS - SONOMA NATICK this coming Saturday but today we also were invited to go to their Store @ Copley on May 25th 2013 to promote and sell our SALSA!!!  Yeeeeeeeee these are excellent news don't you think!!!!, Happy Monday my Friends. Did you already get Mom's gift? Well, this coming Saturday May 11, 2013, we will be sampling and selling our HOMEMADE SALSA MAYORAL!!! @ Williams-Sonoma in their store located at the Natick Mall from 12:00 to 4:00 pm!!! Hurry up, this will be a yummmmmy gift!!  SEE YOU LATER KIDDOOOOSSS !!!!, Hi my friends.... HAPPY CINCO DE MAYO!!!! Enjoy your day...... Did you check?.... Its not a Budweiser!!!...   :), Hello my dear friends. Lets welcome to our Family our dear friend # 521,  ELLEN D. Thank you to LIKE us my dear!!!, Happy Friday my friends... Getting ready for our delivery...OPERA here we go...SEE YOU LATER KIDDOOOOSSS!!!, Cooking lamb lasagna sauce for my Baby!!! http://t.co/s5pqGJafYo, Good morning my dear Friends!! Getting ready to start our day and  the catering foooorrrr...... :) SEE YOU LATER KIDDDOOOOOOSS!!!!, Ready for dinner...... We are!!! Mmmmmmmm.....SEE YOU LATER KIDDOOOOOOOOSSSS!!!!, Happy first day of May my friends, we celebrate today Labor Day in Mexico, and here we are....working hard but happy getting ready to deliver our Salsas! Did you place your order already??? Pssst...nice gift for Mom!!, All these Salsas to be shipped today!!!! Thank you my friends...THANK YOU TO LIKE OUR HOMEMADE SALSA!!! http://t.co/De8qI0MeO2, Hello beautiful Boston and my dear kiddos!! Today @Onein3 are going to Boylston St. to support businesses, LET'S GO! http://t.co/F8G5mrclzc, Happy Tuesday my dear Friends. Do not forget that today is BackToBackBay with @Onein3, so let go to Boylston....and keep supporting our lovely Boston!!!! SEE YOU LATER KIDDOOOOSSS!!!, Good morning my dear friends....Preparing more Salsa to be shipped.... Mmmmmmmmhhhh. Have a wonderful day!!!  :), I have a SURPRISE FOR YOU MY FRIENDS: Next Saturday May 11th, 2013, we will be sampling and selling our HOMEMADE SALSA @ WILLIAMS-SONOMA STORE, located @ the Natick Mall from 12:00 to 4:00 pm....Excellent gift for Mom, wink-wink!!! SEE YOU THERE KIDDOOOOOOOSSSSS!!!!!, Good Saturday my dear Friends... Do you know that the secret for a good tacos is THE SALSA!!! Yes, that's right...and this is a good one!!! Order it on line @ www.villamexicocafe.us and you will witness an authentic tacos!!!, Huuhuuuuy!!!! Welcome my dear Joe D. our Friend # 521, thanks a lot to LIKE us. Welcome to our Family!!!!, A very different Friday today, and we keep on going together my dears. I hope you have a wonderful weekend!!!, Welcome to our friend # 520!!! He or She did not give us the name buuut...WE WELCOME HIM/HER TO OUR FAMILY!!!, Breakfast reeeeaadyyy!!! Have a wonderful Friday. SEE YOU LATER KIDDOOOOOOSSS!!!!, Hi my Friends, what about a good tacos for your lunch today!!! We can cater them for your office meetings and parties, do not forget it.....Enjoy them!!!, My dear Gabe, your Salsa was already shipped toooooo....... MINNESOTA!!! Thank you my friend!!! Hey sweeties would you like to ship our Salsa as well??!!! ORDER IT ON LINE!!!www.villamexicocafe.us, Good morning my Friends, how everybody is doing in this wonderful day!!! Enjoy it....SEE YOU LATER KIDDOOOOOOSSS!!!, WELCOME TO ABE S. our Friend # 519, Thank you so much to LIKE us my friend!!!, Happy International Earth's Day my Friends... Lets take care of it! Felíz Día Internacional de la Madre Tierra... Cuidémosla!!!, Happy Monday my dear friends. I am back from México and very happy to be at home. Last week was very hard to all of us. Unfortunately these sad experiences only goes to the same point: we have to live with & in love. We always have to kiss, hugh, say I love you every morning to our love ones when we leave home...because we do not know if we will see them again! To my friends who leave in Beacon Hill and have been @ The Paramount Restaurant on Charles St. remember KRYSTLE CAMPBELL?, the blond, smiley lady who used to work there?... Well, She was one of the victims who passed away last Monday. How sad right!? Well my dears I invite you to give love, love, love...no matter what... It's free and we can make a better world! God Bless You all and have a wonderful and safety week, I <3 U !!!, We would like to WELCOME to our Family our friend # 516 Paul D. and our lovely friend # 517  Sherri C. Thanks a lot to LIKE Us my Friends!!!!, THANK YOU ALL FOR KEEPING US SAFE! GBUA <3! @mayortommenino: Thank you, thank you, thank you. http://t.co/d2qTBZMpsl #oneboston, My friends please have patience and stay inside, check in with your loved ones and take care. GBUA <3, Thank you, thank you to  Our Friend # 514, EMILY M.WELCOME TO OUR FAMILY AND THANK YOU TO LIKE US!!!, Check it out my dears, we may not be open for business as usual but we are open to help! "Nearly 100 greater Boston restaurants will donate a portion of their proceeds on Wednesday to the bombing victims: http://bit.ly/11arQda", Welcome to our Page my dear Eddie W, our friend # 513. THANK YOU TO LIKE US!!!!, My dear friends. It has not been easy for me to know all these sad news. While my lovely daughter it's dealing by herself about this tragedy, I definetely deplore and it is hard to believe what happened in our home. I sincerely wish and hope that all of you my friends, are safe. I cannot imagine the sadness in my lovely City. I think about it and I cry just to imagine how many innocents suffered from this evil act which I regret so much. I am pretty sure that God's love will shine through all this negative and horrible action. There are no words to say how sad I feel and I sincerely wish you the best. See you soon my dear and lovely kiddos. God Bless You all and please, take care......, My dears please be safe. I can't believe such a thing would happen and I pray for everyone who was Hirt by this in Boston. PLEASE stay safe and take care!!!, My dear kiddoooossss, I am still in my lovely MEXICO, please forgive me because I have not been posting news frequently. I will be back next Thursday and I will share all my new experiences : ). Take care and do not forget that I LOVE YOU......., Here is the Boston Globe Magazine article that came out about our pop up my friends, thank you again for coming! https://docs.google.com/file/d/0BxLxKxYGvG8DWjUxeFd3RkZUZGs/edit?usp=sharing, Good morning my dear Kiddos: I will be out for few days because I am going home to still more recipes from Mom. I will be posting info from Mexico!!!  I will miss you a lot, be good kids and God Bless You!!!.....SEE YOU LATER KIDDOOOOOSSSS!!!, We would like to WELCOME our friend # 512 SANDRA S!!! Thank you to like us!!! Keep your number!!, Good morning Boston... Good morning Kiddooosss. Today it's our big day... WELCOME Boston Red Sox...WE LOVE YOU AND WE BELIEVE IN YOU... GOOOOOO RED SOX!!!, Thank you my friends! I am very happy :)!!! @chadoconnor @kcbaskin @BostonGlobeMag http://t.co/8dHGfFGhWN, Gracias Marcielita <3 Go Mexican moms!! @marcela_elisa: @Bessiejking She is super sweet!! Reminds me of my mom a lot #MexicanMomsAreTheBest, This looks great... Do not forget to eat a lot of yummy fruit. Have a wonderful weekend my Friends!!!, Hi again my friends!! We would like to WELCOME our new Friends: KEN R # 501, JONATHAN O' # 502, JOE C# 503, and DOORS McDOTTS # 504 !!! THANKS A LOT MY FRIENDS TO LIKE US!!!!, A little tip for today, especially because we need to start working in our yard right!!! Enjoy it my dear Kiddooooooosss!!!!, Good morning my dear Kiddos, good news...STEVE TROISE, OUR FRIEND # 500!!! CONGRATULATIONS, Thank you to like us!!! Have a great day!!!, Woooooow..... We would like to welcome our new Friends: Kari Allison # 492; Daniel R., # 493; Benjamin L. # 494; Leighton H. # 495; Noelia S. # 496; Ben Privett # 497; Jim Z # 498; and Vincent Y # 499!!!! THANK YOU VERY MUCH TO LIKE US MY FRIENDS!!! Always remember your numbers ok. There are surprises all the time : )  YEEEEEEE.... We are going for our Friend 500 woooow!!!!, Good morning my dear fellows, God Bless You in this wonderful day! Question: If we move to Somerville, will you follow us???? Nothing sure just a possibility!!!, I choose to live working....please! Please!!! http://t.co/yBcAE9HyNF, Happy Tuesday my friends! You're wonderful, have a happy day, let's do it!!!, Happy Easter to all my Kiddos!!! What are you going to eat today....besides chocolate eggs??!!!, Bessie King’s Relfections on Mayor Menino’s Legacy http://t.co/z6v0LLvt3y, Mmmmmmmm.... MEMELAS for lunch... Only @ Villa Mexico!!!! SEE YOU LATER KIDDOOOOOOSSS!!!, Welcome to Caro Ceron our Friend 486!!! Gracias Carito por "gustarnos" Bienvenida!!!, Some photos from our event at Daddy Jones Bar last night, check to see if you're in there! http://bit.ly/VillaMexicoPopUp Thanks to Laurie from Boston.com for these!, Am I tired? NO! Especially because it was a wonderful night, and I could talk to all of you...I am speechless THANK YOU FOR ALL YOUR LOVE!!!, OH MY GOODNESS!!!!!! WHAT A NIGHT MY FRIENDS, THANK YOU!!!! IT WAS SO BEAUTIFUL, GBUA ;)!, Welcome to ALEX ARIAS - our Friend 481 ... Thank you ALEX, THANK YOU TO LIKE US!!!, Happy and wonderful Wednesday my Friends! FINALLY...TODAY IS OUR BIG DAY!!! Do not you miss our yummy SALSA, chips, taquitos, sopecitos, cactus salad, and, and SURPRISE!!!! Come and get it tonight at our Pop-up @ DADDY JONES!!! A lot of surprises, and tons of love...and this happens only @ VILLA MEXICO...Let's keep cooking...SEE YOU LATER KIDDOOOOOSSS!!!!!, WOWWW!!! Tomorrow is our big day. Thank you DADDY JONES BAR to welcome us!!! Kiddos, do not miss your tickets!! Yummy Mexican Food, great drinks, nice music, big surprises, and incredible experience!!! But the best of all....YOU!!!! YEEEE I WILL SEE YOU AGAIN!!!!, Thank you my friends at eatBoston for your Tweet about our pop up :) GBU!, Thank you dear Johanna @YourBeaconHill for your article! http://t.co/fAj8Ca4Xjl, null, Ay, ay, ay, ay!!!! TWO days 'till I see you my friends!!! We still have some tickets left, so if you'd like to come check out our event listing here ok! HAPPY MONDAY :)!, The first Mexican pop-up and it's from us! Hope to see you on 3/27 my friends! http://daddy-villa-mexicanpopup.eventbrite.com/#, Another happy Friend, thanks a lot Ms. Madelyn, I hope everyone likes it!!!! JOB DONE!!! : ), Happy Friday my dears! Hope you're ready for the weekend ?& to meet in 5 days! Remember to get your tickets: http://t.co/T7TzVIzao9 :), Good morning my dear Friends, very happy preparing a catering for Suffolk University : ) SEE YOU LATER KIDDOOOOOSSSS....!!!!, We're halfway there! Are you going to join us at the party???? I HOPE SO!!! http://daddy-villa-mexicanpopup.eventbrite.com/#, Thank you for this article to our friends at the #BeaconHillTimes :)! http://t.co/bVED7E5Rw7, Good morning my dear Friends: After meetings and meetings with contractors, unfortunately I can not take the little spot on Cambridge St. It is a huge amount of money to invest in a very small place, and for my own sake I will not do it. In the mean time we will keep selling our SALSA ON LINE and doing our CATERINGS!!! Keep us on mind my friends please. Some how VILLA MEXICO WILL KEEP RUNNING and one of these days we will have our House again!!! Thanks for all your support and love and do not forget that WE LOVE YOU AND MISS YOU TOOOO!!!, Good snowy and wet day. My dear friends in this cold and not attractive day, I am going to decide my future.... I am in my way to City Hall, then I have to meet with the 7th contractor, and finally a meeting at 1 Congress St. Let's see what happen but as usual...I AM IN THE BEST HANDS...GOD'S!!! AND WITH THE BEST ENERGY... YOURS!!! THANK YOU GOD  THANK YOU KIDDOOOOOSSSS.... I LOVE YOU!!!!!, Happy Sunday my friends. To celebrate this green wonderful day I have a question for you: Do you know when is an Irish Potato not an Irish Potato...??? Well......When it's a French Fry!!! Enjoy your day....Eat a lot of corn beef, a lot of cabbage, but please...easy on beer!!! I <3 U Kiddos HAPPY ST. PATRICKS DAY!!!!, Good and Happy Friday my friends...I have a tip for you! Do you know that the garlic is miraculous for our health? It's good as a tea to help respiratory infections, for coughs, for lungs problem, etc. Eat 2 pcs of garlic everyday to lose weight, it is super as an antibiotic, helps your inmune system...you name it baby, so easy to get, so cheap, so good!!! Just chop it and pour it in salads, boil 4 cloves in a cup of water and sweet the tea with honey, pour it in your soups!! so easy to help your health... Enjoy it ....  SEE YOU LATER KIDDOOOOSSS!!!, null, Do not forget my Friends our Big Event!!! Pop-up @ Daddy Jones - Somerville, on 3/27/13. SEE YOU THERE KIDDOOOOSSS!!!!!, We welcome our WONDERFUL FRIEND CARLITOS RIVERA!!! (473) Thank you so much to LIKE us!!!, Good morning my dear friends, working very hard to get the best price to built our new place «..» What it really comforts me is that I will see you soon in our POP-UP @ DADDY JONES BAR, so do not forget...save the date...Wednesday March 27, 2013, for your convenience we will have two sittings @ 6:30 and 8:30 pm. For more info please go to daddy-villa-mexicanpopup.eventbrite.com or e-mail us @ villamexicocafe@gmail.com. We will enjoy yummy food, terrific atmosphere, good music and the best of all...YOU WILL BE THERE!!! SEE YOU LATER KIDDOOOOSSS!!!, MEXICO at the New England Fish Show, at the Convention and Expo Center, beautiful atmosphere!!!, Thanks to our friends, Megan(469) Conrad (470) and Lillian (471) for LIKE us... WELCOME TO OUR FB PAGES my friends!!! and more news tomorrow....SEE YOU LATER KIDDOOOOOOOSSSSSS!!!, Thank you to our Friends Kiara and Laura. They "liked" us as well. Welcome to our FB Page my dears!!! (467 & 468) !!!, WELCOME TO OUR FRIEND S SKIM!!! Thanks a lot to "like" us!!! I hope you enjoy our FB Page!!!, Good morning my dear friends, God Bless You all in this new week! I would like to welcome to our FB Page to our friends: Maria Vela, Al, Heather and Phil!! Thanks so much my dears to "like" us : ).  I also would like to remain you that we are working hard and happy in our Pop-up together with DADDY JONES @ Somerville! Do not forget: March 27, 2013, two sitting: at 6:30 & 8:30 pm go to: http//daddy-villa-mexicanpopup.eventbrite.com for more info. I am so happy and excited because I will see you again.... Yeee...SEE YOU LATER KIDDOOOOOSSS!!!!!, Here we are @ The Food Expo, interesting Kiddoooooosss!!! Lets see what else we can do!!!!, We're having a pop-up! Read on to get your tickets :)! http://t.co/jL7rgeSoiZ, MY DEAR FRIENDS: ALL SET FOR OUR SURPRISE!!! Save the date: Wednesday March 27th, DADDY JONES BAR is opening its doors to welcome VILLA MEXICO CAFE for our first Pop-Up!!! 

Good News...We will see you again and you will taste our AUTHENTIC HOMEMADE MEXICAN FOOD. There will be great food, surprises, new drinks and good Mexican music. 

More information is coming. I sincerely hope to see all of you there.... SEE YOU LATER KIDDOOOOSSSSS....!!!, Hey! It's a beautiful Saturday :)! Enjoy my friends, and wait for an email soon!, It is not the best picture because   weather does't help but HERE'S WHERE MY BABY WORKS!!! http://t.co/VPGuYFXmyk, In my way to a meeting with the Constructor, roads bumper to bumper and can hardly see 300 feet ahead... Be careful kiddoooosss!!!! Surprise is coming!!!!, Happy Monday my friends, I hope you have a lovely week. Over here I am preparing a surprise for you! Can't wait to "pop" the news ;), Happy Friday my dear Kiddoooooosss, I prepared these little ones just for you!!!! I MISS YOU &  I <3 YOU!!! Enjoy your Friday and God Bless You All!!!!, Good morning my dear Friends: As I mentioned to you before here is an update of our prospective place: Vanilla box, not even a single floor drain, 950 sqf. and not ready for a Restaurant. Between meetings with the Arquitect, Contractors, LL, etc. and City Hall..I am exhausted. Nothing is easy, I know, but do you think it is worth  to spend around $230,000.00 JUST IN CONSTRUCTION??!! Eventhough I do not want to have a fancy place, the amount to invest in this one its huge!! without taking in consideration that MEE wants to add a new paragraph in the lease stating: "If we need our place in five years... you have to leave it" You know what my friends... This is not like frying eggs!!! I feel terrible, eventhough we really have an strong support from the City Hall, this is crazzy and honestly, I do not know what to do. Any suggestions, any ideas, any help? My dear kiddos I am still working on this project BUT just in case you know of a restaurant that is on sale or closed already.... Would you please let me know? In the mean time and while I decide what to do, we keep selling SALSA on line and also doing some catering but I need to go back in business as soon as possible. These are not a good news right kiddos?, but do not panic, Mama King will take care of it. You... you just do not forget us...!!! GBUA., Absolutely beautiful!!! Cold...? Yes, but its worth it!!! http://t.co/QEH3X9o08d, This is what I really like from the snow, to see whites trees!! Beautiful!!! http://t.co/u3Duxdflqm, Happy Friday! This one's for you ;) http://t.co/ogvKn4ToFq, Good morning my dear friends..... In my way to City Hall!!! See you later my lovely Kiddoooooss!!!, So sorry my dear friends. I do apologize because I have not been in touch with you. It has been two days of meetings, contractors, accountants, City Hall, OMG who said it was easy to build a new place?? And tomorrow...MORE MEETINGS.... Sorry my dears,  but I promise I will keep you updated soon. I MISS YOU KIDDOOOOSSSS....  !!!!, Good mornings my dear Friends, today I am not going to share neither a tip or a recipe because I am in my way to meet with the contractor at our new little place. let see what happen..... I tell you later. HAVE A GOOD DAY MY DEAR KIDDOOOOOOSSS...!!!! <3, Well, I joined my daughter to one of her Networking Events, and I feel like a teenager!!! http://t.co/1nrexobq, Good morning!!! Our friends at Bon Appetite posted this soup recipe that's easy and tasty to try and I'm sharing it with you :) Happy cooking my dears!
 
Ingredients
 1/2 1-pound loaf sourdough bread, torn into 2-inch pieces (about 6 cups) 
1 bunch collard greens, center ribs and stems removed 
1 bunch Tuscan or other kale, center ribs and stems removed Kosher salt 
1/2 cup olive oil, divided, plus more for serving 
2 medium carrots, peeled, finely chopped
 2 celery stalks, finely chopped 
1 leek, white and pale-green parts only, chopped 
4 garlic cloves, chopped 
1/2 teaspoon crushed red pepper flakes 
1 28-ounce can whole peeled tomatoes, drained 
8 cups low-sodium vegetable broth 
3 15-ounce cans cannellini (white kidney) beans, rinsed 
4 sprigs thyme 
1 sprig marjoram or oregano 
1 bay leaf Freshly ground black pepper 
Shaved Parmesan (for serving)
 
Preparation
 Scatter bread on a rimmed baking sheet in a single layer. Let stand at room temperature to slightly dry out, about 2 hours. Working in batches, cook collards and kale separately in a large pot of boiling salted water until slightly softened, about 3 minutes per batch. Rinse to cool. 

Squeeze out excess water; roughly chop. Set aside. Heat 1/4 cup oil in a large heavy pot over medium heat. Add carrots, celery, and leek; stir often until softened, 8-10 minutes. Add garlic and red pepper flakes. Cook, stirring until fragrant, about 1 minute. Add tomatoes, crushing with your hands as you add them. Cook, stirring frequently, until liquid is evaporated and tomatoes begin to stick to the bottom of the pot, 10-15 minutes. 

Add broth, beans, thyme, marjoram, bay leaf, and reserved greens; season with salt and pepper. Bring to a boil, reduce heat, and simmer until flavors meld and soup thickens slightly, 40-50 minutes. 

DO AHEAD: Soup can be made 2 days ahead. Let cool slightly; chill until cold. Cover and keep chilled. Reheat before continuing. Store bread airtight at room temperature. 

Just before serving, gently stir bread and 1/4 cup oil into soup. Divide among bowls, top with Parmesan, and drizzle with oil., Hi kiddos, how are you?! I don't know if you are aware that in Mexico we have rompope, which is like eggnogg. Well today I'm going to share the recipe so you can try it...specially on cold days like today!

Here we go:

INGREDIENTS
-2 cups of rum
-6 cups of milk
-3 cups of sugar
-6 pieces of cloves
-2 sticks of cinnamon
-1/2 cup of blended almonds
-15 egg yolks (the yellow part)
-ground nutmeg to taste

INSTRUCTIONS
In a small bowl place the rum, cloves and cinnamon to rest for a whole day (don't cheat!). The next day, cook the milk with the sugar and add the almonds. Cook everything in a very low heat for a few minutes, let it warm up only. Remove from the heat and put it aside.

In another bowl beat the yolks until they've foamed and add the cooked milk in slowly. Fold in everything and return again to the bowl then the stove, continuing to stir constantly for 10 minutes.

Remove the cloves and the cinnamon sticks from the rum and pour the rum into the cooking milk mixture. Be sure to stir it until boiling. Remove from the heat after boiling and let it cool.

Once it's ready to serve sprinkle the tops with the ground nutmeg, be careful with the sprinkling as nutmeg has a strong flavor as well!

I'm pretty sure you will looooove our rompope! Let me know how it turns out ;)

Love you kiddooooos!, How was your Valentines Day my friends???? Wonderful!!!  Well, today 2/15,  I would like to invite you to share a little of the love that you received yesterday to those in need. Today we celebrate THE CHILDREN WITH CANCER'S DAY, so lets help Jimmy Trust Found, St. Jude Hospital, Emma Penpal Adventures, Childrens Hospital, MGH... Many many places that need our help... : (  Remember... We never know what is going to happen to us and today the little ones need our help!!!.... Thank you my friends, I know that you have a BIIIIIGGG HEEEAAARRRTTT!!!!! <3, There's no place like it, Boston you're my home! RT @BostonLogan: Hey @TodayShow, welcome to Boston! #todayinboston http://t.co/iwhyZ5wo, HAPPY VALENTINES DAY MY DEAR KIDDOOOOOSSS.... BE HAPPY ...  WE MISS YOU... WE LOVE YOU... !!!!!, A yummy dessert for a wonderful day!!! Enjoy Valentines Day Kiddooosss!!!, Set a nice wonderful table in a romantic atmosphere!!!!, My dear Friends: Tomorrow is Saint Valentine's Day and of course all of us want to be out and have a nice dinner with our sweeties!!! But what about the traffic, the waiting time, the crowds, babysitter perhaps...!!! 

Avoid all these inconveniences and have a nice, romantic supper in your home, with your love ones and why not, invite your children so they can also join in a lovely date. 

For this reason, here is a special entree for you my lovely couples!!! It is yummy, unexpensive and unique.... so lets get started:
PORK LOIN WHISKEY STYLE!!!

2 lbs. - pork loin
Salt & Black Pepper
1 - 5 oz. of your favorite whiskey
2 1/2 cups of milk
1 stick of margarine.

Instructions:
In a deep sauce pan start melting the margarine but be careful not to burn it. In the meantime, salt & pepper the meat to taste. 

When the margarine melts (clear golden color) place the pork over it and start browning it. Be careful and do not let the margarine burn. Once the meat is a kind of golden color on both sides, add the whiskey and the milk and let the pork cook on simmer until tender.

Once the meat is cooked take it out of the pan, set it in a big plate and slice it. Drain the gravy and if it is too light, boil it a little bit longer until brown. Once it's ready pour it over the pork. You can garnish the plate with some steamed veggies and a side of rice pilaf.

If you have kids share some Mac & Cheese! 

Get your favorite red wine, get some chocolate marshmallows and add a cherry on top of them,   light some nice candles, be romantic, enjoy the time....always with your sweeties. I bet it will be A LOT OF LOVE.... and a NICE DAY TO REMEMBER!!!! 

HAPPY VALENTINE'S DAY MY DEAR KIDDOOOSSS - I <3 U!!!, Good morning my dear friends... Here is a good tip: Do you know that this little herb "OREGANO" has anti inflamatory effects?  It is a good antibiotic, and it also helps to destroy cancerogenic cells!!! Wonderful... So spread a pinch on your salads, soups, etc., make a tea out of it if you have a tomny ache, colic, cramps, etc.!!! Be healthy, live happy...I LOVE YOU!!!, Good Monday my dear Friends; since we are not in our little place any more, I am worried that you are not eating good healthy food. Due to this reason and trying to keep in contact with you, everyday I will give you a little tips or yummy and easy recipes that you can prepare at home, like this WHITE VEGGIES SOUP, specially good for this cold days. Lets start:Ingredients:
2 medium onions - sliced
2 white turnips - sliced
2 medium squaches - peeled and sliced
1/2 small coliflower (please only the little flowers)
olive oil, sea salt, pinch of oregano water, and pcs. of scallion to garnish.
Preparation:
 Put olive oil in a medium pot (medium heat) let the oil warm a little bit and then drop the onions, cook them for about 10 minutes. Add the rest of the veggies with the oregano, cover the pot and let them cook until tender (20 minutes aprox), stirring once in a while. If it is necessary, add a little bit of water.
Once all the veggies are cooked blend them with some water. Once is blended pour the mix into the pot again and add salt to taste. Remember...you do not want to make your cream to thin - or to thick ok?! bring the cream to boil and once is ready garnish it with pcs. of scallion and ... Bon Apetite!!! TIP: Try to eat a bowl of soup for supper, it will not be that heavy, it will relax you it is very healthy and it will help you to sleep like a baby!!! Thank you kiddooooosss... I LOVE YOU!!!, This nice fruit plate was part of our brunch!!! At least we felt that we were at the beach!! Mmmmm  : ), My reward after shoveling the porch!!!! http://t.co/VEPBgpuc, My friends, please stay indoors and be safe today and tomorrow! No need to drive or do much more than lay in bed or entertain the kiddos alright! :), Morning dears! Getting ready for an MGH catering when Bess sent me this. It reminded me our "pizza" display ;) http://t.co/z61Yalkj, Working now for tomorrows  MGH' catering : ) plus 20 Tamales for Jim!!! Thank you my friends, we know you will not forget us!!! Thank you, thank you, thank you!!!, Good morning my friends, it's odd not to be prepping at our little shop but cooking doesn't stop. Catering continues so I still see you :), I apologize my friends but it is true, our goodbye event today was cancelled http://t.co/NlsOb4Y7 and we cannot fight it, LAST MINUTE NOTICE: My dear friends, I just received a call from my Landlord. They just told me that "THE STORE WILL BE CLOSED BY 1:00 pm BECAUSE THATS THE WAY IT SHOULD GO". This was very unexpected because we were told that we could have our farewell party today. I do not know what to say because I am in shock. We were prepared with our food and goodies for this afternoon and unfortunately they took a last minute decision in their own benefit. I do apoligize but our party should be cancelled because we are not going to expose our customers and friends to an inconvenient situation. We are extremely sorry and I sincerely thank you so much for your comprehension and understanding., It seems that we do not want to leave our little spot. Everything most go today so, we will be selling from 10:00 AM to 2-3:00 PM. Then, we will start our Farewell Party from 4:00 pm to 8:00 pm, we would like to have a little get together with all of you my beautiful friends. So, do not forget and.....SEE YOU LATER KIDDOOOOOSSS!!!!, My dear and AMAZING friends: today was nothing short of wonderful. I will post some photos soon for you to see the hectic and busy but beautiful time we had. 

Tomorrow morning we will be selling the last of what we have of tamales and salsa as we prepare to make you my special traditional tacos and tres leches ;) 

Please join us at the little gas station starting at 5pm and until close! See you tomorrow and thank you once again for a beautiful last day of full service <3 <3 <3, My dears, I never though this day will come, but it is already here. So, do not miss your BEST BURRITOS IN BOSTON IN A GAS STATION!!! It sounds extrange right my friends? BUT YES!!! IN OUR LOVELY GAS STATION!!! SEE YOU LATER KIDDOOOOSSS!!! <3, Our last day and celebrating together:  http://t.co/HNHAnVOU, TWO MORE DAYS..... : (  AND WE KEEP WORKING JUST FOR YOU!!! DON'T MISS THE BEST BURRITOS IN BOSTON!!!! <3, Good morning my friends: Hey... come and enjoy our last four days  ...... at the Gas Station....because VILLA MEXICO WILL KEEP GOING!! SEE YOU LATER KIDDOOOSSS!!, YES... WE ARE OPEN TODAY WITH OUR SAME DELICIOUS FOOD!!!!
Do not miss it my friends!!!! ...., My friends please note: closed TODAY (Saturday). We'll see you Monday for the last week of BEST BURRITOS IN BOSTON at the gas station GBUA!, My friends please note: we are closed TODAY (Saturday) to prepare for the move out this week (getting storage unit, etc) THANK YOU for your continued support and understanding. 

We'll see you on Monday to enjoy the last week of the BEST BURRITOS IN BOSTON at our little gas station :) GBUA <3, My dear friends: Tomorrow we will not be opened. Sorry for the inconvenience and see you Monday!!! Be careful, it is cold and it seems that we will have a little snow!!!, Burritoooo partyyyyy ;)!!!! http://t.co/Zda8UnRA, 423 Likes here! Who will be #500?!?!?! 

And if you think, "oh what for, they're moving." Well! We will still be doing catering and selling our salsa while the next step is settled! 

PLUS! Even if we move the lucky #500 will get TWO burritos. Sooo, get your friends to Like and you could get a sweet treat for it ;D!!!!

See you here to say hi my friends. Our last Friday in our little gas station store but certainly not the last Friday for Villa Mexico. 

Stay happy and optimistic because life is too short to frown <3  GBUA, HAPPY FRIDAY MY DEARS! We have to be optimistic not sad, this is the last Friday at my little place and I'll be happy to see you :) <3 GBUA, Thats right, beautiful things happen, and now she is a wonderful Lady that just got a super job as a Social http://t.co/TWEylDBa, Thank you for this mention in Boston Restaurants my friend, http://www.bostonrestaurants.blogspot.com/2013/01/villa-mexico-to-lose-its-home-at-end-of.html?m=1, As I mentioned to you before, our little place has a lot of stories to tell. Remember I told you that I met all kind of people here? Well, this story is related to one of my favorite homeless persons. Mike, who I met since day one. He is a nice well educated fellow.  Unfortunately he is sick, he is an alcoholic and he has been in rehab for so many times. He used to get food from us almost every day. I used to call his attention very very hard and instead of him getting tired, he used to tell me "bonita chica (pretty girl :)) you can scream at me as much as you want but first, please give me salsa & chips ok!" One day, after he finished one of a hundred "vacations" as he used to call the rehabs, he came to the store with such a beautiful set of pink roses. God they were awesome. He came in so fast "JULIE MY LOVE" he screamed, "those are for you..put them in water and don't forget that I LOVE YOU!!!" Mike, I said, where did you get them from??? He told me: "I got them for you, just for you!!!" I could not believe what my eyes were seeing....and I was enjoying "my" roses <3. Suddenly my neighboor next door who owns the flower shop came running and screaming ... 
"Did you see him ....did you see him...??? HE STOLE MY WHOLE POT OF FLOWERS!!!" Oh oh, I said good bye flowers and I apologized to him.  I just laughed. God knows that I miss Mike!!!, Good morning my friends, just checking who is up and working already. Thank you my dear Anette!! We are getting ready as well and we are preparing the Guacamole.... Yummy!!! Have a great day!!!, My dear friends: Thank you so much,  we are in our 422 likes! We sincerely know that we can reach our LIKE # 500, by Friday 1/26/13 and the lucky person will get TWO FREE REGULAR BURRITOS!!!! So, invite your family, your friends, your lovey-dovey to LIKE us, and share one of these two yummies BURRITOS!!! GOOD LUCK!!!!, Ok my dear Friends, it was a great day, it is cold,  it is going to snow, and that's it for today!! Thank you kiddoooosss...see you tomorrow, enjoy the rest of your holiday...take care!!!, Did yoy get the message my dear fellows...LETS ALL KEEP WORKING TO MAKE OUT OF THIS A GREATER COUNTRY!!! CONGRATULATIONS!!!, Good morning my friends: Congratulations today to Mr. Obama who will take possession on his second term, we are celebrating MLK' Day, out little hearts are broken because of the PATS, we have the BEST BURRITOS IN BOSTON and, YES.. we are open today!!!! A lot of mixed emotions!  SEE YOU LATER KIDDOOOOOSSS!!!, We've got it ready and people are already ordering it, you know what I mean, come before it's gooone...chorizo, shhhhh! Get yours!, So keep it coming my dears! We've got food and our coffees ready ;)!, Good nice sunny Friday my friends. Today I will talk about this wonderful couple that I met in our place with two little daughters. 

Every time they had to take their oldest little daughter that had 2-3 years in those days to her doctors appointment, they stopped in the store because they liked our beef tacos. I always used to play with this little one calling her "my little princess". 

First the visit was like every three months, then every two, then a month, then my little princess was hospitalized. I knew she was sick but I did not want to ask or probably know what was going on. Time passed by and her Dad stopped by to let me know about her medical situation. She is getting better, she sends you hughs, she is happy, etc... I always talked to him because her Mom was with her all the time. 

One day, when I got to the store, here they were with my little princess. I never realized how long time passed by, the only thing I knew was that I was seeing my baby, she was in my arms and she was happy  :)

Then, on a Monday, her Dad stopped by. I said "Hi my Friend, too long no see you... How is my little princess?"

I remember he took my hand, he looked straight to my eyes and told me, "thank you, thank you, thank you for all the love you gave her, thank you because she was really happy when she saw you. Thank you for your support, we are very grateful to you. I am going to pick her up and my wife is with her." 

I said "wow, congratulations... She is better now??!!!" He said, "no, she lost her battle against cancer and passed away yesterday."  

Still today, I miss my little princess but I know that she is laughing and enjoying her new lovely life with God and we were blessed to have her <3., Hi my friends, let me tell you one of our anecdotes...... We were at our little place, a Saturday morning in 2007. 

Here, this good looking, well dressed, educated gentleman, came in and asked me for some tacos with a little guacamole. In the meantime he was eating I gave him a taste of this, a taste of that, and kept chating. 

Bess, my daughter, was very enthusiastic talking to him (so was I), and he said... One of this days "I will cook for YOU" !!! I was like OMG, He said FOR ME!!!! So I told him... "Do you think that I am going to believe that YOU cook!!?? With these beautiful hands of yours and your wonderful clothes... Do you really think I will believe that you know how to do it...???" 

We were laughing and a few minutes later, this little boy about 8 years-old then came into the store saying, "Dad, lets go! Are you eating again?!" Bess and I looked at the little boy and then at this handsome gentleman, then  we looked at each other again...OH-OH...married... :( 

Exactly the next morning Bess was watching a reality show with some famous stars and she started screaming. "MOM..MOM...COME HERE!" So, I run into her room and I said what is it, what happened? She was freaking out looking at the TV. "Look who's there!!!" she said. I said, "God is our married handsome customer!!!" and she said... "Yeah... Guess who he is?! TODD ENGLISH!" 

About a month later, someone came into the business shouting and asking, "who is the little Mexican woman?!" I thought, oh my God what happened??? I told the man it had to be me and he said to look at the interview! He gave a magazine of Stuff @ Night and there he was. Mr. English talking about good food in Boston and mentioning our little taco/burrito shop inside the gas station. 

One of the Best Chefs in Mass.,
he kept comming and I've never told him that I know what he does... Except that he is a nice, wonderful, easy going person,  and he is not our customer BUT OUR FRIEND!!! 

My dear Friend Todd YOU ARE THE BEST... GOD BLESS YOU!!! <3, Our little friend Ana, stopped by with her Mom Kathy, and she told me... "Julie why do you gave to move??" Me: "Such is life Baby, we have to." Ana: "I have a great idea, you can move to our house and make it easy for us to see you!!!" Lovely :) !!!, My dears we've been getting such beautiful messages from you regarding our closing at the gas station, we love you all so much, thank you <3, Good cold morning my friends: Here thinking about my memories in my little place.... I remember my first day, just thinking... Now, We are in Boston ...AND IN A GAS STATION...???!!! Well I thought... Lets make it work!! And after more than six years of extremely hard work, in which my Daughter and employees have been a main part of it, we became "THE BEST BURRITOS IN BOSTON", THE BEST AUTHENTIC HOMEMADE MEXICAN FOOD!! And do you know our secret to reach this goal besides fresh quality ingredients, cleaning, a family atmosphere, education, etc..
??? IT HAS BEEN YOU... MY LOVELY AND LOYAL CUSTOMERS!!!! THANKS TO YOU... WE ARE HERE!!! And God willing .. WE WILL STAY AROUND!!! THANK YOU MY FRIENDS, THANK YOU FOR YOUR LOVE AND SUPPORT!!! GOD BLESS YOU EVER ... <3, Isn't my little place BEAUTIFUL??? Thank you God for such a wonderful experience!!! Feeling a little sad and I do not how to cheer up ... :(, The day to move has come my dears, please read this message  http://t.co/A7QjREQG, Finishing salsa and chorizo, hope you're having a good productive morning too. Go get them!, I told you..... THEY ARE GOOOOOOD...!!!  : ), Happy Monday my dear Friends... What about a yummy "burrilicious" to start this wonderful day.....!!!! SEE YOU LATER KIDDOOOOSSS!!!, My friends, please take care during this cold season and if you have unused coats, why not donate them? We all have to keep warm, thank you!, Please, my friends, get your shot! Two more flu deaths confirmed in Boston, including a child: http://t.co/yRD0Zcw4, Tamaaaleees! Come get yours, $3.25, cheese with pepper, beef, pork, chicken or sweet corn ;) Per... [pic]: http://t.co/xZZdn5IE #foursquare, Hello, hello my darlings! It's the first Friday of 2013! How about a burrito and a party?! I'm already cooking, you give me the invite ;), From our friends at the CODMAN SQUARE HEALTH CENTER, always a pleasure to help them!!!!, I told you... They look yummy ... But they taste better ...  : ), Finally, Tamales ( Chx, Pork, Cheese & Pepper) ready!!!! You want some .. ??? WELCOME .... SEE YOU LATER KIDDOOOSSS!!!, slowly but surely our friends, big or little, have come by to say hi :) Thank you my dears <3!!!, Little Emilia is back :) <3!!! http://t.co/VanhKIPS, Finishing our House Salsa, now... Lets start NOKIA's Lunch!!!! : ) http://t.co/C9S2cAdg, Finishing our House Salsa. Now..... Lets start with NOKIA's Lunch ... : ), Good morning Kiddos, working working and enjoying a nice cup of coffee!!! You like milk or cream????, The lovely holiday card we got all the way from Japan from our little friend Sydney and her family ;) thank you my dear! We miss you <3!, Can you say ready, cause we can! Back from holiday break my dears ;D!!! See you for lunch! Happy Monday :)! http://t.co/EGABTs68, Good morning my dear Friends,@ my little kitchen & getting ready for our first working day of the year.... SEE YOU LATER KIDDOOOOSSS!!!!!, Get rrready for tomorrow...because we are ;D! Burritos are back from vacations!!!!, Getting ready for MONDAY 1/7/13....  WILL SEE YOU HERE KIDDOOOOOOSSSS....... <3, Cheers my dear Friends, we are @ Benito Juarez Airport, Mexico City. I really will miss my Country, my Family, our Food, our atmosphere but what makes me happy is that we will be in Boston tomorrow and..... WE WILL SEE YOU MONDAY 1/7/13!!!!!  We sincerely missed you and..... WE WILL SEE YOU SOON MY DEAR KIDDOOOOOSSS... !!!, Happy New Year my friends!!! From.our home to yours we wish you the best :)!!!, Hola, hola, my darlingssss! Just wanted to wish you a grrreat last weekend of 2012!!! Have a wonderful time my dears ;)!, Happy last Friday of 2013 my dear friends, enjoy it!!!, To start our Christmas Eve Dinner.....SHRIMP SOUP ...... De-li-cious!!!, Sweet baby Jesus, merry Christmas!. http://t.co/sKUJ3xSh, Chiles rellenos de bacalao, rrrrricooooo! http://t.co/YPWSivUd, Feliz Navidad my dear friends ;D!!! http://t.co/nMJIomAd, Hello my dear friends, we hope you have a wonderful Christmas Eve day if you are celebrating tonight! And a good day as well if not! You are all our best gifts eveeeeeer!!! Merry Christmas!!!!, Hello my Friends, as I promissed you, we talked to the Mayan's decendants and I asked them to fix the sitation of today because a friend of us still needed more time to finish their Christmas shopping, also they have Christmas parties, some of them are going away and we need to go back to keep pampering my kiddos and keep working in our new place making yummy food.... Uuuuuuffff..... After an argument "Beacon Hill"' style... Done!!! Soooo, do not be worried about anything anymore with the world wnding today ok! Mama King already took care of it.... LOVE YOU ALL!!!!, Greetings from Mexico City my friends :) just to let you know, don't worry about "the end of the wolrd" it's already tomorrow in Australia!, Our little Emi grew so much during this year!, null, null, We have been creating collages while waiting for flights to Mexico. They're coming your way now, hope you like them my friends :)!, My dear friends... WE HAD A BALL TODAY... THANKS A LOT FOR ALL THE KISSESS & HUGHS, GOOD WISHES & LOVE!!! To all of you that stopped today in our little place, thank you, thank you so much because you made my day and you made us feel sooooooo happy. We will see you on MONDAY JANUARY 7th, 2013 we will miss you but we will see you soon! HAPPY HOLIDAYS AND HAOPY NEW YEAR!!! :) <3!, TODAY IS OUR LAST DAY OPEN before vacations my friends!!! Come and wish me MERRY CHRISTMAS & HAPPY NEW YEAR!!! A HUGH will make a wonderful gift for me, hopefully I can be blessed with a lot of hughs ... : ). <3 SEE YOU LATER KIDDOOOOOSSSS .... !!!  <3, Saturday my friends, a kind of sad because of this crazzy world  : (  but unfortunately such is life and we have to keep going. Did you hugh, kiss and tell the ones you love ... THANKS, I LOVE YOU!!! you never know when will be the last time you do it!!! : (  Kiddoooooos have a wonderful day!!!!, I just heard the news my friends, I can't believe it. These innocent beautiful kids, please whether or not you're religious, pray for them., KIDDOOOOSSS!!!  ONLY two days left...today and tomorrow...then we will be closed for two weeks!!! Sooooo...HURRY AND GET YOUR PROVISION OF SALSA & CHIPS, only a few left !!! See you later kiddoooooooes!!!!, Goooood morning my dear friends:If you do not mind, we are taking some deserved vacations. PLEASE take a note that WE WILL BE CLOSED from Monday December 17th, 2012 and BACK OPEN MONDAY JANUARY 7th, 2013 @ 9:00 am. My heart is broken because we won't see you for two weeks :( but we have to recharge batteries to start a new year ALWAYS HAPPY... ALWAYS WITH YOU ... !!!!! HAPPY NEW YEAR & GOD BLESS YOU!!!, CHRISTMAS...ALMOST HERE!!! My dear friends, just a few lines to THANK YOU, THANK YOU SO MUCH FOR ALL YOUR BUSINESS!!! We are a very little place full of joy and love because YOU ARE PART OF IT!!! Thank you my friends, thank you for your support, for your friendship, for your love! WE ARE HERE BECAUSE OF YOU ... GOD BLESS YOU ALWAYS... MERRY CHRISTMAS!!!, Woo, woo, get romantic my friends ;)! RT @BostInnovation: 8 Unique Holiday Date Ideas Around Boston http://t.co/ObRgvN5x, Six little salsas are going home! They will be a yummy stalking stuffer ;) http://t.co/j1jiaFHD, HAPPY THURSDAY MY FRIENDS!!!! TWO MORE DAYS and we take vacations!!!! YEAH... HURRY TO GET YOUR LAST MINUTE YUMMY PRESENT .. OUR UNIQUE SALSA !!!!  See you later kiddooooooossss !!!!!, My dears... I am so so tired that I allowed myself to go home and rest a little bit..  See you tomorrow Kiddooooooossss ..... !!!!!, Ugh, yes ;( @TripAdvisor: 27% of travelers surveyed cite airline delays, cancellations as most frustrating on holidays http://t.co/fKKJfx1f, FYI! Tune in if you can my friends, would love to answer your questions :)!, Happy 12.12.12! Special date my friends but everyday we have to live to the fullest, make today awesome, tomorrow amazing and don't stop :)!, Another year, another school photo! Our little Anna is growing up! First grade memories :) http://t.co/rbq6FxmF, Happy Tuesday my Friends: As a nice tradition in Mexico, we celebrate the VIRGIN OF GUADALUPE'S BIRTHDAY on 12/12. The Marianos Association in Boston keeps this incredible celebration each year and today we are more than happy to invite you to join us for her MAŃANITAS at The Holy Cross Cathedral (Washington & Union St. in Boston) @ 6:30 pm. We will have dancers, singers and a solemn Mass in Her Honor. It is a good oportunity to learn more about our traditions. Thank you my friends we hope to see you there!!!, HAPPY MONDAY! Get ready for 12.12.12 and week full of activities with work and holiday shopping, we love you :)!, Solo Dios sabe el día y la hora, sigamos orando ahora por la fortaleza de la Fam. Rivera en especial sus Hijos y Nieta - Dios con Ustedes!!, IMPRESIONANTE!!! Hoy aquí mañana quién sabe!!! @JennyRivera Dios está contigo. Tu tienes un Angelote! Seguimos orando.. Animo..!!!, were you one of the naked Santa's running this morning?! Come by and show us your awesome outfit-or whatever there was- for some salsa ;)!, How are you on this Saturday morning my dears?! We heard there were some naked Santa's running around the city 0_0! I like to keep my Santa bundled up ;), It's Friday, Friday! Get ready for your burrito Friday ;)! See you at the gas station my dears <3!, Good and wonderful Friday my friends. Its cold outside but very warm in our kitchen!...so do not miss it and come by... We will pamper you with a nice BURRITO ...and a hugh from Mama King!! Ask for it and we will give you a side of her famous SALSA ...!!!!, For all your aches and pains, try some Mariguanol! It is legal after all ;) http://t.co/qkrj86V6, Cold but enjoying pozole for dinner! It's good when you know the chef ;) come by if you want to order some!, Buenos dias! Happy Wednesday! Ready at work and we're ready cooking :) have you seen the downtown crossing tree by the way, so pretty!, So December is here, before making your gift lists check out your resolutions from January. Maybe there's still time for a quick change :)!, Good morning my friends.... Come and eat one ... !! THERE IS NO AGE FOR IT ... !!!! <3 Bon Appetit Amalia !!! <3, Happy Monday my friends: Just to remind you that we are already taking orders for your Salsa...A GOOD CHRISTMAS GIFT!!!! Don't delay !!!!, Happy Friday my friends.... I will invite you a cafecito while you wait for your BURRITO !!! See you later kiddoooooooossss !!!!, The tree is being lit up in #Boston tomorrow, the holidays are definitely here! ;D!, salsitas or salsotas dressed up for their future owner http://t.co/W35bctRc, We have your salsa ready, in two size options, individually sold or in gift baskets :)! http://t.co/5GqLEUV4, My dears we will be open until 7pm today. Salsa jars are ready for sale and food is ready for eating! Hope to see you today then before closing time ;)!!! Happy Saturday!, #SmallBusinessSaturday again! We're open and so are all of our neighbors on Cambridge and Charles streets my friends, please visit us :)!, Hope the community in Springfield is ok, let's send the good vibes and prayers their way my friends!, eating the BEST BURRITO burrito in Boston and shopping in Beacon Hill! See you tomorrow my dears, hooray for small businesses! , Happy Friday my friends, what about a good coffee after our yummy big meal...?? Are you ready for a nice family time? Good! Join us in Boston and stop by for a good BURRITO!! THE BEST IN BOSTON ...!!!! See you later kiddoooosss ......, Happy Thanksgiving from Villa Mexico Cafe my dears, a special message for you! http://t.co/m9g6QKv0, Its Thanksgiving Eve, probably we will close early because it is a little slow and I have to start cooking for my blessed Family!!  I do not want to let this moment go by without telling you: THANKS, MANY THANKS MY FRIENDS. We are here because of you, we are successful because of you, all of you make me keep going every day, and my sadness goes away when I see your face. THANK YOU for being our Customers, THANK YOU for being our Friends, but most important THANK YOU FOR MAKING US PART OF YOUR LIFE.... <3 ... GBUA ... HAPPY THANKSGIVING DAY ...!!! <3 Bess, Julie & VM's team !!!, O~o we're staying local. Be safe if traveling! @fox25news: 40 million expected to hit the roads or head to airport http://t.co/41UMBMh9, Good morning my dear Friends only one day left for our BIG MEAL. But in the middle of its organization do not forget to get a yummy burrito... You only need ONE BURRITO TO KEEP HAPPY THE WHOLE DAY !!!! See you later kiddooooss ...!!!  .: ), Momma King finished the chorizo last night ;) Come get some before that turkey makes you sleep!, Happy Tuesday my friends... Almost THANKSGIVING DAY!!!! Start getting ready for it aaaand ... CHO-RI-ZO. IS. REEEAADDYYY....!!! See you later Kiddos !!!  : ), Working on the chorizooo http://t.co/gYlieHAz, Some fun reading for you this morning, by @hiddenboston for @BostonMagazine: http://t.co/zB6oDuqn yay hidden restaurants ;)!, Thanksgiving week and making plans for your dinner!!! Don't forget to get your SALSA & CHIPS to enjoy the games or as an appetizer for THANKSGIVING DINNER... Let us know on time !!!, iiiiit's turkey week!!!, Saturday, sunny Saturday, see you as you enjoy a stroll around the city my friends. It's a perfect time to stroll around the commons!, Happy Saturday my friends..... What are your plans for today ... ???, Happy #Friday my friends! A few days until thanksgiving, if you'd like to bring some salsa for dinner order by Monday please :)!, Happy Friday my friends. Working, working, working, and getting ready for you ..... Working on the chorizo already .... SEE YOU LATER KIDDOOOOOSSSS .... !!!!!, Another earthquake?! Ay, ay, ay! Be safe everyone in Mexico, and stay warm everyone in Boston!, Happy Thursday my Friends, another earthquake in Mexico, 6.3o and my little Mexican ones are very scared... Mayans, Mayans, what are you doing...?? And talking about our ancestors do you know what MASSACHUSETTS means??? Give us the right answer and we will share a MOLE POBLANO TACO made with authentic mexican chocolate from our ancestors (at least the mayans did something right !!! ), Higher Ground (a Commercial Rooftop Farm) Is Planning to Come to Boston. http://t.co/V6chGvaI via @hiddenboston, What Tuesday the 13th being unlucky or anything! We got to see you, have some good news, its was a grrrreat day! Hasta mañana my friends ;), Tuesday 13 ...??? No problem !! Incredible day... Thanks Good Lord for being with us ... !!!, Yesterday we had a incredible Veterans Day...!! We were very happy to help 3 Veterans Warriors!!! Thank you my Friends you are our Heroes ...!!! <3, HAPPY VETERANS DAY TO ALL OUR WARRIORS.  We will celebrate you today at our little place !!! Show us your ID card and you will have a free order of TACOS ...!!! CONGRATULATIOS TO ALL OF  OUR HEROES .... THANK YOU GBUA !!!, http://beaconhill.patch.com/articles/photos-villa-mexico-owner-shares-mexican-day-of-the-dead-tradition-at-advent-school?fb_action_ids=10100728386010409&fb_action_types=og.recommends&fb_source=aggregation&fb_aggregation_id=288381481237582#photo-12115245, Yummy. Juicy. Delicious. Tres leches cake! Come and get your slice ;)! http://t.co/y88ym92Q, It smells like rain, looks windy, and it's cold... Tonight we will close at 7:00 pm my friends not because of the storm but because we have a BHCA meeting. Probably this is our last chance to stay in Beacon Hill, it depends on them. If you can join us for support my friends, you will be more than welcome. If you can not attend, no problem, we will keep you updated. You can come over and wish us luck !!!  Be careful and stay warm tonight !!!! THANK YOU MY KIDDOOOOSSSS....!!!!, CONGRATULATIONS MR. PRESIDENT OBAMA, WELCOME BACK FOR THE NEXT 4 YEARS ... GOD BLESS YOU AND YOUR FAMILY ... !!!, Our authentic MOLE ENCHILADAS... Mmmmmmmm.... Delicious ... !!! http://t.co/XVoC8uyW, Our wonderful customers donating goods to send to families affected by Sandy. We'll be here all week my dear http://t.co/o2qvnfgh, We've been seeing your "I Voted" stickers my friends, congratulations! A society works when caring citizens get involved!, Help after Sandy and BHCA meeting, news for you my friends :)  http://t.co/Irw29Vs2, Our friend Jeff is back! We were worried because we had not seen him in a long time, I worry about you my dears! Well, he's safe and sound in case you were wondering ;) Also, stay tuned because we just sent our an email, thank you all!, My dears we have friends helping people in NY/NJ/LI, we will collect goods this week to send, for details please read: http://t.co/6fXaITCb, Friends we all know how bad this hurricane hit the New York area. Let's help our neighbors by gathering goods they need. 

A fellow friend is helping this group and we will be sending them whatever we collect this week. 

Please read below and if you can bring anything do so! 

*Donate securely - http://www.ccdsd.org/donate/secure-online-donations/

*Check out the Rockaway Relief page (https://www.facebook.com/RockawayRelief). They have a list of donation sites in Queens/Brooklyn as well as a consistently updated list of items needed (this changes).

*Here's the current list of items needed:
- power strips/heavy duty power cords, duct tape, tarps  
- single-serve hot food/drinks
- supplies to eat/drink with (cups, plates, utensils, paper towels)
- dry/powdered milk/juice
- items for babies (diapers, baby wipes, formula, baby food, etc)
- cleaning supplies (masks, gloves, mops, bleach, cleaning solutions, shovels, brooms, garbage bags, etc)
- personal care items (soap, toothbrush, tooth paste, bath towels, deoderant, razors, toilet paper, etc)
- hand sanitizer/wipes
- outerwear (coats, blankets, scarves, socks, hats, etc)
- pet food/leashes/sweaters
- pumps, generators, fuel 

We are open Monday to Friday, 9am to 9pm, so feel free to come in and drop your donations. 

Thank you my friends, GBUA!, Miss Bessie painting the "calaberitas" (sugar skulls) that She prepared for the kids., Altar @ The Advent School ... !!!, We have some sugar skulls and ONE large sweet bread still available my dears, if you want them come and get'em ;)! It makes me so happy to see that every year more and more people know about our holiday and ask me for these special menu items, learn more about our or other cultures it makes us native people feel great!, Our little friends at The Advent School are so artistic! Another great Dia de Muertos spent with them :) thank you!!_, Mamma King talking to kindergarteners at the Advent School about Dia de Muertos. They had great questions! http://t.co/bTBjslsy, Mexican hot chocolate for my kiddies at the Advent School! I got yours and sweet bread too! Happy #DiaDeMuertos :)! http://t.co/oflLGOdw, GOOD FRIDAY MY FRIENDS!!! This morning we will be @ The Advent School with our little friends, but wait !! WE ARE OPEN, AND YES ... WE DO HAVE PAN DE MUERTO (Day of the Death Bread), SEE YOU LATER KIDDOOOOOOSSSS... !!!, That's right! And we'll be celebrating :) @WBUR Every year on this day the living and the dead reunite: http://t.co/1Lo1tcUD #DiaDeMuertos, HAPPY DIA DE MUERTOS (DAY IF THE DEATH) MY FRIENDS !!! We are very happy because tomorrow morning we will be with The Advent School' kids, talking about our traditions....HERE WE GO KIDDOOOOOSSSS .... !!!! <3, Ugh! It's true we still have no service :( "@nytimes: Why cellphone failures could get worse in the northeast region http://t.co/QXD6Sbzz", She is our little "lamb" Amalia, She is beautiful, isn't She ???, And the trick-or-treating has begun! See you here my friends ;)! http://t.co/aDRRP5do, HAPPY HALLOWEEN MY FRIENDS ENJOY TRICK or TREAT ... !!! Be careful ...!!!, MY DEAR FRIENDS ... YES WE ARE OPEN... !!! We have been out of phone service since 2 days ago. SPRINT has been having issues with their network and it has been affecting us considerably because we DO NOT HAVE PHONES, INTERNET, ETC. We do apologize for this inconvenience, it is out of our hands, but please try to call us at 781-568-0252. THANK YOU ... WE DO APPRECIATE YOUR BUSINESS ... !!!, We've set up the Dia de Muertos altar at the Advent School! Excited to join the kiddies for the fourth year and talk to them about our holiday this Friday :)!, Yesterday we forgot to give a shout out and congratulate OUR mayor, Jon! He's checked in 100 times and he's one of our friends whose eaten with us since almost day one. Congrats Mr. Mayor ;D!, Happy Halloween kiddos! If you celebrate enjoy the day in your costume! And if you don't, enjoy seeing people in theirs ;)!, Set up the Dia de Muertos altar at The Advent School and excited to talk to the kiddies this Friday about our holiday, for the fourth year in a row :), Ready for #Halloween and Dia de Muertos my friends! We'll see you in your costumes and to get your sweet bread ;)!!! http://t.co/BbMS8jz3, We are here but the phones aren't working! Apparently Sprint lost a tower, a satellite, a screw in the head? Something! I don't know what they are doing but it's a problem. Please email us or send us a Twitter message if you can't call us my friends! Thank you :)!, My friend's we are closed today. Please be careful, don't drive if you don't have to and take care. We'll see you tomorrow!, Good morning my dear friends, YES... I think we took the right decison and we will stay in Stoneham. We are not in the coast but winds are very strong already. We did not want to expose none of us going to Boston. Please be careful, if you don't have to go out ... Don't do it, Sandy is not a game, probably we lose one day of work but we are gaining one day in life ... You never now...!!! GOD BLESS MA. !!! <3 ... !!!, Wondering about tomorrow. Our help won't come to work but Bess & I may stay in the house and watch for flooding? Please stay tuned!, Hoping he will feel better soon :( RT @bostonnewsnow: Mayor in hospital with virus http://t.co/XwBBOEJq, Look what our little friend Anna brought as a gift today, carefully wrapped too and in a bag ;) ok! Day of the Dead play-do skull! I loved it baby :)!!!, GOOD MORNING BOSTON, As every year we are very happy to start getting ready for our visit at THE ADVENT SCHOOL on DIA DE MUERTOS and share our traditions with the Kids ... YEEEEAHHHH....!!!! <3, GOOD MORNING BOSTON, everybody ready for a Burrito, come over ... WE HAVE THE BEST ONES ...!!!! <3, I may just book for myself! ;) @CharlesHotel: Send your #Thanksgiving guests to stay with us for $199/night http://t.co/tkFswA6h, Good luck! @seriouseats: Announcing the 5 finalists of our @PFPuffPastry Halloween baking contest! Vote now http://t.co/TK0Bcpt2, There's a day for everything and today is doctor's day! Thank you to all our friends who save lives and all doctors out there :)!, CONGRATULATIONS TO ALL OUR WONDERFUL DOCTORS FRIENDS & CUSTOMERS.... THANK YOU ....WE SINCERELY ADMIRE YOUR DEDICATION ...!!! <3, Our little friend eating her burrito ;) "it's amaaaazing" she said!, HAPPY SATURDAY MY FRIENDS, eventhough we have to work.... Makes me happy to think that I will see you today ....!!!! SEE YOU LATER KIDDOOOOOOSSS !!!, Good morning my Friends; looks like a chilly day, what about a nice QUESADILLA to warmth up your day ...!!!! Come over, we can make it shine for you .... !!! SEE YOU LATER KIDDOOOOOOSSS .... !!!, We've had this little help campaign for a week and one side is almost done, my friends you are awesome :)! <3! http://t.co/JByokDDW, Good morning my dear friends: We are preparing your lunch !!! What about a yummy TAMALES for today..?? You can choose from PORK, CHX, BEEF, RAJAS, CORN. MMmmmmh !!! Delicious ... SEE YOU LATER KIDDOOOOSSS ..... !!!!!, What do you think? This weekend, Mexican hot chocolate, made with real milk and authentic whole chocolate tablets...yes or yes? :), Well last night was rocking! Literally! Hope you handled the earthquake well my dears, and for the shock we've got your burritos ready ;), what a nice weather huh?! If fall is like this, I think we'll have an OK winter!!!, Good morning my dear Friends, another Monday, another week and pretty soon HALLOWEEN WILL BE HERE. In the meantime and while that happens, you can stop by and enjoy a nice meal !!!  SEE YOU LATER KIDDOOOOSS ... !!!, Good morning my friends .... HAPPY FRIDAY & SURPRISE ....!!! CHO-RI-ZOOO IS READY ... !!!!! Cristina, we will see you @ 12:00 Pleeease ...!!! Have a wonderful day .... SEE YOU LATER KIDDOS!!!, Happy day my friends .... Thanks to you we had an excellent lunch... What about yours ???  Ready for dinner ...??? What about a nice tacos with our unique salsa..... or maybe a delicious quesadilla with it ??? That sounds good to us soooo we will be waiting for you here ... !!!, Cold Tuesday my friends ....!!!! C'mon, c'mon its chilli outside but you have to eat a YUMMY BURRITO.... Sooooo, run; we have a lot warmth for you ... SEE YOU LATER KIDDDDDOOOOSSS ... !!!, Good Monday my friends.... I did not know that today is a holiday, BUT that does not mean we will be closed.... Noooo, WE ARE OPEN and cooking already for you AND VERY HAPPY ..... SEE YOU LATER KIDDDOOOOSSS !!!, Happy Saturday my friends ...!!!! Weekend is here and its time to party ... !!!! The little penguins wanna dance as well ....  Do you know what are they made off .... !!!!! Cute ah ... enjoy it ... !!!!, Good Friday my friends. Time to keep cooking just for youuuu..... Having a nice coffee...... Just for meeee.... Working on the chorizo ok...??? SEE YOU LATER KIDDOOOSSS ..... !!!, HAPPY NATIONAL TACO DAY .... Honestly, I do not know who invented it. Probably was Bud Weiser again but anyway .... HAPPY THURSDAY ..... and stop by for your AUTHENTIC MEXICAN TACOS .... !!!!, Just checking that everything is ok ... !!! <3, Our youngest lovable sweet customer AMALIA, enjoying her Baby Burrito ...... Just DE-LI-CIOUS ....!!! <3, Mmmmmmmmmmhhh HAPPY WEDNESDAY EVERYBODY ...!!!! Today you can enjoy the AUTHENTIC MOLE POBLANO.!!! It's funny the name that our Mole is called here. Some say it is "dark sauce", others call it "chocolate sauce" but the truth is that MOLE POBLANO is one of the finest and most traditional dishes in MEXICO... Bon Appetite my friends .... Enjoy it .....!!!!, Happy Tuesday my dear friends. This is one of our Burritos ... and they are ... THE BEST BURRITOS IN BOSTON ... !!! I named them BURRILICIOUS, because BELIEVE ME, my dear customers and friends say that ...and I feel very happy for it ....!!! Would you like to try them today ... ????? Come and get one .... Let me have your feedback ... !!!!, Happy Monday and Happy First day of October my friends..... So fast haaaa...!!!! Here you can enjoy the wonderful human creativity..... Enjoy it and see you later kiddoooooooossss.  .... !!!! : ), I have mixed feelings.... I was very sad because our JEFECITA decided to cut her beautiful hair...... At the same time I am very proud and I feel happy for her, because She will donate it to the Cancer Society.... Soooooooo .... I know.... It will grow .... : ), Good wet morning my dear friends .... Would you like to join us for a "chocolatito" Mmmmmmhhhhh ...OK my dear kidddooossss...SEE YOU LATER ..... !!!!   : ), At Men of Boston Cooking for Women's Health fundraiser with our man of the night (wooo!) Councilor Stephen Murphy!, Hi my friends... Getting ready for this important Event. Please join us, it's today and we sincerely hope see you there... Do not forget ... IT'S FOR A GOOD CAUSE ... <3..We are open now ... !!!  :), My dear friends: today at 6:00 pm, we will be part of this great event "MEN COOKING FOR WOMEN". Last year Rep. Ross joined us in our table. We are still waiting to see who will be "cooking" with us this year. We invite you to attend this incredible Event that its for a good cause. It will be at COLEMAN HEALTH CENTER, located on Washington St. Dorchester, Ma., WE SINCERELY HOPE TO SEE YOU THERE ....!!!! See you later kiddoooooooossss ...... !!!! <3, Did you ever attend a party in a gas station. It was GREAT and our JEFECITA was very happy. Thank you my friends, thanks a lot for all your good wishes and love that you granted to my Baby Bess... God Bless You always "THANK YOU FOR YOUR FRIENDSHIP" <3 .... !!!, Hello my dear friends. Due to a last minute catering, tomorrow Saturday we will be closing between 5-6:00 pm. Please take a note and I sincerely appreciate your comprehension. Thanks my dears .... :), TGIF... Happy Friday my friends... What about some tostadas for lunch ???  Mmmmmmmmhhhh yummy and de-li-cious ..... SEE YOU LATER KIDDOOOOOSSS!!!, Good morning my dear friends...: Do you remember that I showed you yesterday our PAMBAZO...??? Well, today you will know what is our TORTA. !!! The bread should be a kind of hard one (like a baguette) but notice its shape. We cut in half and we fill it up with yummy chino black beans (refried beans) avocado, panela cheese, slices of jalapenos peppers and your choice of meet like slices of chicken, breaded beef, (milanesa), chorizo & eggs... Mmmmhhhh yummy ..... !!!! PROVECHO ... !!!, My dear friends, let me share with you our AUTHENTIC "PAMBAZO". The bread should be soft not hard. We fill it pieces of potatoes and chorizo and then we fry it! Soak it all in a delicious spicy sauce and we put some shredded lettuce inside as a last touch and voila ...... Bon appetit... !!!, Happy afternoon my friends .... Would you like a little treat ... ????, Hello my friends, it is very humid today but that does not stop us to share a yummy fresh cucumber-lime water...... Just ask for a cup while  you order your BURRITO THE WORKS ..... Mmmmmmhhhhh just yummy & burrilucious..!!! See you later... :), Happy Monday my Friends !! Thank you so much for stopping by on Saturday - it was a great Mexican Day !!! Well another week Thanks to God and here we are .... GETTING READY FOR YOU ... !!!   SEE YOU LATER KIDDOOOOOSSSS ... !!!, Today is Mexican Independence Day my friends! Although we are not in Mexico we will still celebrate ;) of course! So stop by 11a.m. - 3p.m. and get free treats, like Mexican sweet bread and candies and balloons for my little friends. And stay to try our street style corn on the cob or a fresh fruit water! No matter the rain, the music and party will still be gooooing! VIVA MEXICO!!!, GOOOD SUNNY FRIDAY MY FRIENDS, .... CHORIZO IS READY.... !!!!! and we are getting ready as well to celebrate our INDEPENDANCE DAY !!! Do not forget: Tomorrow Saturday from 11:00 to 3:00pm we will have balloons, candies, tacos, salsitas & chips, tamales, and a yuuuuuuummmyyy surprises ... !!!! SEE YOU LATER KIDDOOOOOOSSSS.... :)  !!!, 30 LBS. OF CHO-RI-ZO- REEEEAAADDYYYY MY FRIENDS ...... !!!!!!! UUuuuufffff. See you tomorrow ...!!!! Chriiiiisss IT WAS A DEAL ...... !!!!! :), Yeeep!, Good morning my Friends... Happy Tuesday... !!!  Will be very nice to see you today ... Do not forget that we have a date on Saturday 9/15/12..... YES ...!!! AT OUR LOVELY GAS STATION ... !!!! See you latter kiddos <3, http://www.hiddenboston.com/foodphotos/ten-dishes-college-9.html thank you my dear!!!, HAPPY MONDAY my dear friends!!! We are getting ready to celebratw OUR INDEPENDENCE DAY. This year, Sep. 15th, will be Saturday, sooooooo, lets start getting organized! We will be open at 11:00 am, with free candies and ballons for kids, and our adults friends will be getting a free salsa & chips as well as a cup of our unique fresh fruit water. Soooooo dont miss this Family day .....!!! Because it will be until 3:00 pm.....!!! Write it down and keep it in mind .... We will also have tacos, our famous burrilucious burritos and a NICE YUMMY SURPRISE...!!!! DON'T MISS IT ....!!!!  :), Let's keep the spirit of summer going, even if vacations ended and school began! I got some yummy pineapples and made fresh fruit water for you! About a dozen glasses...so first come-first served ;)!!!, Helloooo my friends, lets celebrate our first Friday of September ....!!!!  Get our BURRITO THE WORKS AND GET A FREE YUMMY BEEF TAMAL ... !!!! HAPPY FRIDAY ...!!! <3, Are you planning a back-to-school, or Mexican Independence, or office party??? Reach us for delicious and budget-friendly food options my dears! The coming months are packed with holidays so we are taking your orders and would love to serve you :) THANK YOU!, Summer is officially over my dears, but the good food does not end! See you here :), Welcome back to a short work week, but a busy week! Hope you had a great weekend my dears, keep seeing you here ;)!, My dear friends... TODAY AND MONDAY WE ARE CLOSED...We are enjoying a nice family week end @ Niagara Falls ... !!! See you Tuesday 9/4/12 @ 9:00 AM.... Thanks for your comprehension and we wish you the best ... !!! <3, Look who came to visit!!! My dear Michael with his twins, they've gotten soooo big now at three months!!! GBU my dears, thank you for bringing in my new little friends ;D!!!, Happy Wednesday... We are getting close to our last Summer looooong week end. We will be closed from Saturday 9/1/12 till Monday 9/3/12. We will be opened again on Tuesday 9/4/12 @ 9:00 am. Sooooo my friends lets start getting ready for your SALSA, GUACAMOLE & CHIPS to go and be covered for this wonderful week end ...!!! HURRY .....  DON'T DELAY ......!!!   :), Happy Tuesday my friends, here we are ready and happy .. waiting foooooor youuuuuu ... !!!_<3, HAPPY MONDAY MY FRIENDS...!!! Last week ofAugust and our last long week end of summer. Lets start enjoying it. And what about a nice walk around Charles River ....mmmmhhh ... Nice aahh...!!! MAKE IT BETTER WITH A YUMMY BURRILICIOUS IN YOUR HANDS ... Come and get a Burrito "the works" and you will get a FREE SIDE OF OUR UNIQUE SALSA & CHIPS ....!!! GOOD DEAL right my friends ... WE WILL SEE YOU HERE ... !!!, SORRY MY FRIENDS ... I HAD A MISSUNDERSTANDING IN OUR DELIVERY TIME....... WE ARE OPENED IN THE MORNING ..... CLOSED AFTER. * 5:00 * PM TODAY ... THANK YOU ... !!!! :), Happy Saturday my friends. We will be serving a lunch today sooooooo, we will be opened after 4:00 p. Thank you for yout comprehension. <3 .... See you latet.., Happy Friday my friends, let see us this us better for you...!!!! Would you please tell me the name and place if this City... ????  GET A FREE TAMAL ....!!!!, If you give us the right name and location.... YOU WILL WIN A REGULAR CHK, BEEF, PLAIN OR PIRK BURRITO ... !!!!! Do not forget... Answer before 2:00 pm today ...  :), Happy Thursday my Friends... So sorry, more than a week that I do not post a question on our Mexican Jeopardy. But let me see ...would you please tell me the name of this Magnificent Church..???  A little help ..... It is in N.E. :), Good morning kiddos. Happy Monday and welcome back to school. We wish you the best on this School Year and do not forget to get a yummy treat from VILLA MEXICO in your break ..... See you latter babies .... !!!! <3, Good beautiful Thursday my friends. Working already and preparing a catering order for Liquid Metal. THANK YOU MY FRIENDS ..... SEE YOU LATER .... !!!!!, You wanna have a free burrito toodaYY....!!!! Ok here is the question that it should be answered before 2:00 pm Do you know what is the main ingredient on Julie's CHORIZO..... and what is the amount of it ..... ???  Ok my friends .... Hurry up ....... !!!!   :), Wet morning my dear friends, just to let you know that CHO-RI-ZO ... IS REEEAADDYYYY .... !!!!!  :) See you later kiddos .... !!!!, Good morning my friends. Here we are working as usual. We are getting ready for... CLAUDIA & GERMAN's ANNIVERSARY...!!!!  CONGRATS MY FRIENDS .... See you later ... !!!! <3, We came back from vacations and Thanks God we are bussy!!! We will be serving food at an Event in Woburn, Ma., soooo we will be closed tomorrow Saturday 8/11/12.  Thank you so much for your comprehension and we will see you next Monday..... HAVE A WONDERFUL WEEKEND MY FRIENDS .....!!!!! <3, Yummy... Yummy .. SUN CATALYTIX... Here we gooooo ... !!!!!, Working very hard for a nice catering... THANK YOU MY FRIENDS @ SUN CATALYTIX ... :) See you soon ... !!!, Happy Friday my dears!!! Just finished an office burrito order, when are you bringing.US to your office by the way?! ;) 

So now that I am a little free here is the Mexican Jeopardy question of the day for you!!!

How old is my baby love??? And I don't mean my secret admirer ok!!! I mean my baby Bess!

Let me know by noon and you could win a burritoooo!, MY FRIEEEEENDS ..... Does anybody knows what time is MEXICO-BRAZIL SOCCER FINAL GAAAAMME on Saturday... ??? Also, THE TV CHANNEL .... ??? THANK YOU MY DEARS ... ??? GBS.  <3, OHOH...!!!! As you can seeeeee, we were bussy cooking tamales... Uufff THEY ARE READY, TASTY AND FRESH, this is why we did not play our Mexican Jeopardy today.. :( sorry guys .... :(   NEXT ... ???? START PREPARING THE CHORIZOOO... UPS ... :), Look who's here and has fresh tamales readyyy! See you here my dears ;)!, Ok, ok, here's today's Mexican Jeopardy question that I'm sure one of you is going to get my friends! 

The year Mexico FIRST participated in the summer Olympics and the team our soccer team will face off this year for a chance to win gold!!! 

Let me know your answers ;)!, Hello helloooo! Good morning my dears, here's another chance to get the right answer and win a free burrito!!! Our Mexican Jeopardy question of the day for you: it is the "official" name of the tamale tree and how big is it??? GOOOD LUCK ;)!!!, Our friend Jon Heckman getting his free burrito for getting today's Mexican Jeopardy question right!  :) Keep playing while the questions and the summer are hot my dears!!!, Happy Monday my friends!!! Let's get this week started right! Who wants to play Mexican Jeopardy??? Well here it is! 

These cave systems where snorklers and divers can explore underwater worlds are located here (Name the state!) And an ancient culture beleived they were portals to communicate with gods (Name the tribe!).

Good luck! Answer by noon ok!!!, MY dear kiddos, I am flying back home... I am sad because I am leaving all my memories, but in the other gand .... I AM VERY HAPPY BECAAAAUUSE ... I will see my Baby love tonite, I will be at my little place tomorrow and ALL OF YOU WILL BE IN MY HEART FOREVER..... SEE YOU TOMORROW KIDDOS ..... !!_!!  : o), Hope you're having a lovely Saturday my dears :)!, FYI: out of chorizo!, Our friend Andy enjoying his Mexican Jeopardy prize! Keep playing my dears, you could win a delicious burrito next!, Good morning my friends, another happy Friday... Enjoy our Mexican jeopardy in the same way you will enjoy one of OUR BEST BURRITOS IN BOSTON ... !!!! See you later kiddos ...  <3, Happy Friday my friends!!! Here's.today's Mexican Jeopardy question... She is a world renowned singer now and although she is not Mexican she got her major start in the Mexican entertainment business, her image has changed a lot with some big differences being her black to blonde hair, poetry to pop music, and focus on her shakable hips. You can tell Bess is behind this question right ;)??? Answer by noon! Good luck!!!, Woohoo! Thank you to our traveling friends who recommend us on TripAdvisor! We love seeing new faces and staying in touch with you here or by phone, thank you! :) X, HIII MY FRIEND.... Thank you to my baby that is doing an excellent job.... AND THANKS TO YOU FOR SUPPORTING HER ...THANK YOU MY FRIENDS ...!!! I will see you soon ... <3 !!!!, Let's keep playing Mexican Jeopardy, no?! For your chance to win a burrito....He was the mouse who entertained our kids on a children's TV show and has no connection to Mickey Mouse. You have until noon to answer, good luck my friends!!!! ;), We can't get tired of saying it, we've got the best customers in you all my friends. The best EVER!!!, Here and ready to see you my dears ;)!!!!, My dear friends. I sincerely want to thank you for all your greetings and wishes on my B-day. Honestly this  has been one of the most incredible and exciting b-days !!! Good food, wonderful people, and happy times! AND IN MY COUNTRY !!! Unfortunatelly, I did not have time for fb, twitter, etc. but for sure I REALLY MISSED YOU ...!!! Thank you my friends, God Bless You All and SEE YOU SOON ... !!! <3, I spent a beautiful b-day!!! So great to visit Puebla, wonderful City... I miss you kiddos, we will be open tomorrow, and I am dying to see you all, thank you kiddos.... SEE YOU TOMORROW ...!!!!, Logging on quick to let you know we arrived in Mexico after a tumultuous flight and we are on our way to Puebla my dears!!! Let us know if you have any questions or would like specific photos so we can share ;) Miss you all!!!, Dears, we are getting ready to start our wonderful vacation. Please do not forget that we will be closed from 07/26/12 to 7/31/12. We will be opened again next Wednesday 08/1/12 @ 10:00 AM. Thanks a lot for your comprehension and GBUA ... <3 Julie & Bessie., HELLOOOOO MY DEAR FRIENDS: ....Well, I noticed that you did not want to keep playing our Mexican Jeopardy. I cannot believe that Google does not handle all the answers !!! But anyway, we have to stop it for a while because guess whaaattt ...???? WE ARE TAKING VA-CA-TION ... !!! YEEESS..!!! We are taking some days off and as a Family Business unfortunately we will be closed. PLEASE NOTE THAT WE ARE CLOSING FROM THURSDAY JULY 26, 2012 TO TUESDAY JULY 31, 2012.  WE WILL BE OPEN AGAIN ON WEDNESDAY AUGUST 1st, 2012 at 9:00 AM. My friends, on JULY 30th its my BIRTHDAY :) and we will be celebrating with our Family, but I will see you here to cut my cake okA?!?! AAAAhhhh don't forget I like flowers...!! THANK YOU FOR YOUR COMPREHENSION MY FRIENDS ... AND SEE YOU NEXT WEDNESDAY ..... :)  GBUA .. <3!!, MY BABY, BABY... WORKING HARD.... AS USUAL ..... !!!! THANK YOU BABY....... !!!! <3, Mmmmmmhhhh GOOD CHOICE MY FRIENDS....!!!!, THANK YOU MY FRIENDS @ ZIP-CAR !!! Working on your BURRILUCIOUS ORDER... See you later ... !!! :), With events going on we lost track of Mexican Jeopardy. Don't get discouraged ok! The last question was tough but you can do it!!! And toy will win a delicious burrito ;), My dear friends:  HAPPY NEWS FOR US .... SAD NEWS FOR YOU ... !!!! PLEASE TAKE A NOTE THAT: Saturday JULY 21, 2012 WE WILL BE CLOSED. I just get the confirmation for a Wedding Catering and we will be working on it. Thanks a lot for your comprehension and specially for your business .... WE SINCERELY APPRECIATE IT ... THANK YOU SO MUCH ....!!!!!, Ok my friends lets keep playing.... Do you know when was proclaimaded our Independance Day, and who did it, what time it happened?  what He was doing while screaming the news ....??? Please let us know by 11:00 am and the WINNER WILL GET A (ch, bf, pk,) FREE REGULAR BURRILICIUS  !!!!  PU from 12:00 to 2:00 pm ........ HURRY UUUUPP...!!!, Good humid day my friends.....TWENTY SIX "WIVES" and ONE CRAZZY LOVE.....  ADELITA ... THE WOMAN WHO STOLE HIS HEART ... :) Sorry my friends. !!!!  :(, My sweetie on the Herald for the eatBoston Guacaholics Anonymous III event :), Check out my amazing helpers at last night's event! I love it! http://www.boston.com/lifestyle/bill-brett-boston-party-pictures/apPgitZwuyFQPpelxjp9uL/gallery.html?pg=4&t=150&cp=4, Hellooooooo my friends.... Giving you a little more time to answer yesterday's questions. !!!! See you later.... :), Last one for the night ;) a better look at our spot today. thanks again Aaron and everyone organizing today, The Espolon Tequila rep with our mariachi hat and guacamole ;), Some of the other guacamoles, from El Centro, Ole, El Pelon, and Lolita :) Yum!, Our table at the event tonight, great to see you all!, My friends you are invited to attend THE GUACAHOLICS EVENT at the Rattlesnake on 384 Boylston St. This Event was organized by Aaron Cohen@wheretoeat.in, so my friends you will be MORE THAN WELCOME SO YOU CAN CHECK OUR YUMMY GUACAMOLE.... SEE YOU THEREN.... !!!, Making extra guac, lots and lots of avocados for tonight. Excited to join Guacaholics III forbthe first time!, Happy and suuunny Monday my Friends. Did you find out the right answers for our Mexican Jeopardy? Ok, here we go again.... Do you know HOW MANY "WIVES" PANCHO VILLA HAD.... AND WHO WAS THE MOST IMPORTANT LADY IN HIS LIFE ... ??? I will give you a clue the number of wives are between 20-30. And for the second part, there is a song with her name. To make it more interesting... WE WILL AD A SIDE OF SALSITA + A REGULAR BURRITO ... !!!  C'mon my friends... I know you can do it .... !!!!!, It has been an intense day my dear friends, and that is why I couldn't say thank you earlier to our friend Laurel and her amazing kids for such a wonderful and funny Burrito Class. They are absolutely experts..!!! HIRED .... Thank you gals We really enjoyed it a lot ... !!!, We want to welcome our beautiful friend LAUREL COLLINS & HER WONDERFUL KIDS..!!! Today at 10:00 am. They will take a HOW TO MAKE A BURRITO CLASS. Laurel is one of our Bakers and also one of our first customers since we started VILLA MEXICO CAFE 14 YEARS AGO....!!!! Thank you my dear friend, thank you for your support, your loyalty but specially THANK YOU FOR YOUR FRIENDSHIP.... See you latter kiddoooosss ..... !!!!!, Happy Saturday my friends: It seems like its going to rain but no problem... There is always sunshine in our place.... Soooo ... Are you ready to eat a YUMMY BURRILUCIOUS TODAY.... ???? Ok, here we are waiting for you ... !!!! HAVE A WONDERFUL WEEKEND... !!!! <3, My friends UNBELIEVABLE....We are OUT! No more rice, beans, salsa, pork or chicken. Done for the day to re-cook. THANK YOU!!! We sincerely appreciate your business and love!!!, Sorry for the delay but here is today's Mexican Jeopardy question for you!!! You have until 12, noon, to answer ;) THE NUMBER OF WIVES PANCHO VILLA HAD AND WHO WAS HIS MOST IMPORTANT WOMAN??? Gooood luck my friends!, Little baby Amelia is getting big! Here eating rice and beans :), Good morning my dear friends, WOW this Mexican Jeopardy game is getting spicy...!!!!  CONGRATULATIONS JEFF & CRYSTAL... !!! And lets keep talking about our Mexican Robin Hood who took a very important roll in our Revolution.... Would you please tell us how old was Pancho Villa when he first left his family and Why he did it...??? Don't forget... FREE REGULAR BURRITO (chx, beeef, pork) for the right answer. Let us know  before 11:00 am !!!! HERE WE GOOOOOOOO......!!!!, null, Congratulations Crystal! Make sure to play Mexican Jeopardy tomorrow for another chance to win my friends!!! ;), CHOOO RIIII ZZOOO  IS REEEEADYYY KIDDOOOOOSS ... !!!!!, Mexican Jeopardy qiestion of the day!!! IT WAS THE BEST KOWN NAME OF DOROTEO ARANGO....good luck my friends!, Summer updates for you my friends! http://myemail.constantcontact.com/Summer-at-Villa-Mexico.html?soid=1105133108645&aid=bNy3a949mB8, My friends... We already have a WINNER!!!  CONGRATULATIONS JEFF GENTRY. Please stop by to pick up your FREE BURRILICIOUS..... Thank you my friends, get ready for the next question and dont forget to check our pages .... Youuuu never knooowww .....!!!!, Good morning kiddos. We will start with our first question today...... HE IS THE MEXICAN EMPEROR WHOSE HISTORIC PLUME CROWN IS NOT IN MEXICO. Answer by 11am for a chance to win a burrito! Good luck!, Happy Monday my friends: The History of Mexico is one of the most interesting and attractive in the world sooo lets play Mexican Jeopardy and win a FREE REGULAR BURRILICIOUS BURRITO if you answer right...!!! Check our Page from 9:30 to 11:00 am and write down your answer in the comments section of our post. One per person and no cheating ok??? GOOD LUCK MY FRIENDS!!!, Whats that??? You have to give a last minute gift? Or you wanna stand outvat that BBQ? Or you need an easy to take beach snack? WELL I GOT YOUR PROBLEMS SOLVED! ok not ALL of your problems, just some of the food ones ;) Introducing ready to-go 10oz. Salsa jars for $7.99!!! Unique, delicious, quick. Get 'em at the store while they last ;), We got it! Yeah baby we go it! ;) full of goodies for you!, HAPPY FRIDAY TO ALL MY FRIENDS..... To enjoy better this nice hot weather.... TODAY WE WILL BE SERVING HOMEMADE FRESH MANGO. WATERMELON & PAPAYA WATER (juices) with our delicious touch ... !!!! See you later kids ...!!!!, Are you on FourSquare? Well so are we!!! And right now we got a deal for 'ya ;)! https://foursquare.com/villamexicocafe, HAPPY 4th OF JULY TO ALL OUR AMERICAN FRIENDS ...!!! and thanks a lot to this Country that welcome us with an opened arms...!!! In honor to this Independance day we will be closed, and we will be more than happy to share your happiness this coming Thursday... HAPPY INDEPENDANCE DAY MY FRIENDS...... !!!!, Are you HOTTT???? Well come get some fresh, delicious, natural WATERMELON WATER! See you here ;)!, My friends, just so you know we are open tomorrow as well. We are only closing for the Fourth of July! So if you have days off and are around, c'mooon down :)!, Happy spicy Monday my friends: what a nice weekend we had. Yesterday we started with our burrito classes for our bakers. Welcome Eric and Cris who participated in our Kickstarter campaign. They both came with one companion and  it was incredible to teach them how  to prepare an Authentic Burro, and they all put all their effort and love to learn how to make them and guess what ??!! ALL OF THEM DID IT PERFECT ...!!! THANK YOU ERIC, THANK YOU CRIS, FOR YOUR GENEROSITY... and thank you for this wonderful Sunday. I hope you enjoyed ot too ;) !!!!, before you go out dancing tonight! Won't you check this and vote pleaseeeeee???? http://boston.cityvoter.com/villa-mexico-cafe/biz/159556 thank you my dears!!!, I was just thinking about a cute kid song from Mexico, have you ever heard it? "un elefante se columpiaba sobre la tela de una araaana, como veia que resistia fue a llamar a otro elefanteee!" and you keep adding elephants until the poor spider says, that's it! ;), Look at our surprise visit of the day!!! We met little Sydney while teaching to our kids at Advent School and hadn't seen her in two years because she moved to Japan. Well, she arrived earlier today, came say hello, and needless to say we were so happy to see her :)!!!, With Joe's family, his mom in the white and his auntie in the green behind him :), God, I have beautiful memories in our little place. I met Joe 3yrs ago when he was first battling cancer, and his auntie didn't know what to feed him after radiation. Three years later thank goodness he's clean and he's still eating quesadillas :) Thank you my dear for coming, it was a wonderful surprise and treat to se you!!! <3, WOW.... 80s - 90s ....???!!!  DON'T PANIC... BE HAPPY...!!! Have our refreshing homemade HORCHATA or LIMONADE and enjoy this beautiful weather..... only at VILLA MEXICO CAFE... "THE BEST BURRITO IN BOSTON" !!!, My dears, if you have time after work today please consider logging in to vote :)! Muchas gracias!!!, hand-made or robot-made? http://www.futureoftech.msnbc.msn.com/technology/futureoftech/burritobot-precision-tortilla-filling-machine-835952, Goooooood moooooooorning my dear Friends: hopefully we won't be wet today as yesterday but, the rain is not an obstacle to tryyyyy....THE BEST BURRITO IN BOSTON. Stop by.... I wanna see your beautiful face... SEE YOU LATER MY KIDDOS ....!!!!!, The ladies of BOLDFACERS.COM came by and we may be on their website :) exciting!, WOW, WOW, WOW .... 96o TODAY!!!!! Be careful, be happy.... What about a nice homemade limonade to enjoy this day....!!!! WELCOME SUMMER, WELCOME FRIENDS..... !!!! do not delay...... :), Happy, beautiful sunny Tuesday my friends!!! Come down and enjoy this gorgeus day with a YUMMY QUESADILLA, the Authentic ones.... Just @ Villa México SEE YOU LATER KIDDOS...!!!!, Hello again my friends, WE ARE CLOSING @ 6:00 pn TODAY...!!!!  We need to get ready for tomorrow....HAPPY FATHERS DAY TO ALL OUR PAPACITOS !!!! <3, WONDERFUL AND HAPPY FRIDAY MY FRIENDS...!!!! CHO-RI-ZO- IIIISSS. R E A D Y .....!!!!! Dont delay that will be gone soon..... See you later.... <3, Happy Flag Day my Friends, nice day... Enjoy it with a yummy BU-RRI-LI-CIOS..... See you later kiddos...!!!!, Good Wednesday my Friends: I am working, working as usual but happy, happy at my kitchen..... What are you doing now...???? Answer to me in the next 10 minutes and........ YOU WILL GET A FREE  YUMMY SLICE OF OUR 3 LECHES CAKELICIOUS......!!!..... By the way... Did you vote already....????? See you later kiddos....!!!!, My friends, if you have a business and would like to start sending newsletter e-mails let us know! Constant Contact has this special where you'll get $30 to start if we refer you :) Quick message us here and we'll send you the link!, GOOD MONDAY MY FRIENDS... Another week and happy together. My commitment for this week iiiiiisss... MAKE YOUR TUMMY HAPPYLICIOUS.....Your commitment for this week iiiisss.... VOTE FOR US PLEASE @ http://boston.cityvoter.com/villa-mexico-cafe/biz/159556
and search for VILLA MEXICO CAFE. We are nominated for.... BEST BURRITO...!!!!! THANK YOU MY FRIENDS... I KNOW WE CAN MAKE IT...!!!! SEE YOU LATER ...!!!_ ♥, The glamorous side of the food industry, grease trap cleaning!, Happy Friday everybody!!!, By the way....I think my friend Ben is married by now! Congratulations if toy read this my dear, happy new life together!, Look at my little friends who came to visit! I've known their daddy since he was single!!! Can you believe it? Now he has beautiful twins, a little toddler and finally a baby not on his way! My kiddie club is growing ;)!, My friends we're entered in a new poll. Play the Morning Fuel Challenge and you could win a Pair of Live Nation Concert Tickets (8 winners) or a $200 Dunkin' Donuts Gift Card! Vote for us here: ctvr.us/villamexicocafe and enter daily! Thank you all as always and good luck :)!, we're gonna lift up your spirits on this rainy Tuesday for a random lucky follower... SAM FOREMAN are you in the building??? Because you got a FREE burrito! Friends please let him know, see you here ;)!, My friends we ARE open but we forgot one phone!!! Please call 7815680252 to place your orders. Thank you :)!, Hy Kiddos..... Looks like it's going to be like this the whole week.... Rainy days ... :(  Thats why you should order your BU-RRI-LI-CIOUS on time!!! I don't want you to get wet ... :) see you laaater...!!!!, Good wonderful First Friday of June!!!! June already my Friends and here we are, working very happy for you!!! Ah...CHORIZO IS READYYYYYY......Don't miss it..!!! See you later Kiddos, Happy Wednesday! Ah, no it's Thursday friends!!! One day away from yet another weekend, and the sun is out :)! So enjoy this pretty day and I'll see you for lunch, wohoo!, Close at 9p.m. but still working. Momma King cleaning tomorrow's beans. Every day, ugly little beans are sorted out so that only the good ones get boiled, seasoned up and served :) have a good night, Sophie Fuchs, you are our 310th friend to "Like" our page! and you get a FREE burrtio!!! So commoooon doooown!, Happy Tuesday - batteries recharged!!! After this quite week end we are  getting ready for you. Thank you my friends and I will be waiting you at our little place where you can eat one of THE BEST BURRITOS IN BOSTON .... See you later... <3, My dear friends: I wanna thank you for this beautiful week. We are getting ready for a loooo______ng week end. We will be closed Sat.& Mon. 5/26-5/28, coming back to work on Tuesday 5/29 at regular hours. We wish you the best. "HAPPY MEMORIAL DAY" and enjoy your week end!!, Bess and I in a VERY shaky New York taxi-bike ride, Anna and I "painting" in the fogged up cooler glass doors, she's getting so big too!, One of our little ones, Amelia, getting so big!, look, look, look! 305 "likes" friends!!! Thia is great, thank you for spreading the word about us ;) Sooooo, who wants to be #310 and get a free burrito??? Let's Go!, Sunshine is back! And so is chorizo, so get it before I run out again :)! You deserve a yummy burritos so come and enjoy it!, Wet Wednesday my friends. When I got up was a beautiful son shiny day.  Now it looks rainy again. But no problem... Mom King will be waiting for you with a nice warm & yummy taquito. Dont miss it. See you later kiddos... <3, It's a perfect day for a refreshing tamarind water! Not sunny out but this will make you feel like you're at the beach ;), Done, done, done for the day my friends! What a crazy day for Mother Earth's day!!! Happy Saturday my friends thank you :)!, Thanks to God and thank you my Friends for such a wonderful day !!! Food is gone and me too. We are closed and tired but very happy. See you tomorrow and remember... Tomorrow will be another excellent day..!!! 
: ) GBUA <3, At my little kitchen... Cooking already...!!! Getting ready for tomorrow... : ), From our friend Marc, let's help him and get great food news! "All right, so here's where I come crawling on my hands and knees asking for your help. In addition to needing $20 for a new pair of pants (I ripped them while crawling), Boston's Hidden Restaurants is only 200 folks away from 50,000 on the social media sites (mostly FB/Twitter), and I'd like to pass that mark by today. If you could share the page with your FB friends, I'd be forever in your debt....well, maybe not forever, but until lunchtime today, anyway." https://www.facebook.com/pages/Bostons-Hidden-Restaurants/87883173969, COMMON DOWN!!! Sarah Day Kalloch of Ipswich, Massachusetts YOU are our 300th "Like" and get a FREE burrito!!! (I feel like the Price Is Right!) jajaja! see you here Sarah!, Ok kiddos!!! my social media master is on a mission!!! WHO will be our 300th follower??? The lucky person gets a FREE burrito tomorrow, so tell your friends and "Like" us...because we sure like YOU! ;), Good Monday my friends: Almost a week of my grievance experience before the ZB ...BUT I ALREADY GOT UP LOOK AT THE SKY AND THANK GOD FOR MAKING ME A STRONG AND FAITHFUL PERSON!!!.   Whats next?? I guess lets start all over again and keep cooking. In the mean time we will stay at the Gas Station (at my lovely place). For how long? Only God has the answer because we are on a monthly bases. But that will give us time to look for another place, another City? Another neighboorhood? Who knows my friends, the only thing I am worried right now is to keep cooking clean and yummy for you because YOU ARE MY STRENGH... HAPPY MONDAY AND SEE YOY LATER KIDDOS ...!!!!, Happy, happy, mother's day to all my beautiful mom friends! It's a privilege to be a mom and leave a legacy through our children. No one understands thia better than us moms! So congratulations to YOU!!! Be good to your moms kiddos! GBU!, OMG ... We are on the MEGABUS...back to Boston and my back is killing me...!!! First time in a bus and it wont be a second time..... No thank you, not again.... Ouch... :(, Good Saturday my Friends: After all this stress I decided to take a weekend off and I am going to celebrating it with my Baby Love. We both deserve it. We will see you next Monday at regular hours and in advance... THANK YOU SO MUCH FOR YOUR CONGRATS TO ME ...!!! <3 Your MAMA KING... GBUA <3, WHAT a Friday my friends!!! I don't get tired of saying it, you are the BEST!!! Tomorrow we will not be open though, so come by and get your salsa for the weekend ok??? Going to NY with Bess!!!, HAPPY MEXICAN MOTHERS DAY... to my beautiful Mexican Mamacitas..!!!! It does not matter that its Thursday, we have a huge celebration in Mexico and we will celebrating it here as well !!! Come to the Store and tell me FELICIDADES JULIE .... And you will get taquititos w/guacamole.. and of course a hug from MAMA KING...!!!<3, Nope, you're not seeing double. This is Leila and Michelle, the little twins we told you about! They came to visit :) congratulations Liz and Mike they are beautiful!!!, OH OH..... See you later kiddos ... : ) <3, GOOD WET WEDNESDAY MY FRIENDS...... Lets keep going.. and because you asked for it... TACOS TRADICIONALES today... Real horchata and... fresh watermelon water !!! What about that mmmhhh. DE LI CIOUUUSSS...!!!!, Beautiful visots on this so-so day that have made us smile my friends. We have known this family since the first Villa Mexico in Woburn :) Also, our dear Mike had healthy twins, Michelle and Leila! Finally, in a week and a half Ben will get married <3! So many blessings, we're lucky to share these happy times with you :), Querida Familia, queridos amigos: Ya regresamos y con la novedad que nos negaron el permiso. Don dinero habló y convenció. Mi Abogado nos defendió muy bièn, se sentia mucha tensión, estuvo muy reñido PARA ELLOS porque había más apoyo mio que de ellos y aún así perdimos.  Dieron excusas idiotas no creibles, y lo negaron. Me siento triste? Sí lo estoy!!, y tal vez no sea una rica americana de Beacon Hill, pero lo que NO TIENEN ELLOS... LO TENGO YO!!! Una hija bellísima sentada y apoyandome a mi derecha, unos amigos incodicionables que dejaron todo por estar con nosotras, unos Clientes tan insuperables que hablaron de mi hija, de mi familia, de nuestra cultura, educación y negocio de una manera tan hermosa que me hicieron agradecerle a mi Dios lo bello que ha sido conmigo. Mi Familia y amigos Mexicanos, extraordinarios, sus comentarios me dan fuerza para seguir en la lucha y mi Madre, con las bendiciones y oraciones que llegan directito con la luz de Dios. TODO ESTO MIS AMIGOS... NO TIENE PRECIO Y LES AGRADEZCO A TODOS su amistad, apoyo y amor. Que sigue....?? Sentirme tristita un poquito, mirar al cielo...Y VOLVERME A LEVANTAR, pero cuidense porque ahi vengo y cada vez más fuerte con AYUDA DE MI DIOS.... Gracias, los <3 <3 <3 mucho.!!!, We are back my friends... What happened... The permit was denied... How do I feel: frustated because it is unbelievable that this morning I had the "suggestion" to withdraw my application again because the permit was not going to be issued (before the hearing!!).

The opposition gave some reasons I think were over emphasized to deny us, and at the end they were very happy. But you now what my friends, I might lose a battle but not the war. At the end I was the most happiest person in the whole world. Because somehow I won.  

They might be rich and they might afford a "wealthy" lawyer who also lives in Beacon Hill, but to have your presence at the meeting, to have your support, to feel your love and to hear such wonderful comments about me, my daughter and my business- that my friends IS PRICELESS!!! 

In this world there will always exist the good and the bad and God gives us strenght to deal with it. Thank you my friends,  this is not the end and we are in GOD'S HANDS...THANK YOU FOR BEING OUR FRIENDS... GOD BLESS YOU ALL...!!!! ... <3... Julie & Bess, Good morning my Friends: I will be honest I HAVE A NUT IN MY STOMACH!!! Today is our big day and we are in our way to City Hall. What is going to happened... Only God knows but I am confident that everything will be ok. Specially because He knows what is the best for us. Thanks you my friends for your prayers, your support and specially your love.LETS KEEP GOING... TOGETHER WE WILL MAKE IT...!!!! SEE YOU LATER....!!!! <3...<3...<3, In case you don't receive our emails my friends, please read here: http://conta.cc/J9zv5Y, Good Monday my friends: tomorrow is our BIG DAY!!! ZBA Hearing - 11:00 am - 8 th floor, City Hall. Just in case you would like to join us - I would LOVE to see you there!

We will meet with our lawyer this morning to get everything ready for tomorrow. Therefore, we will open at 3:00 pm TODAY. 

Thank you for your comprehension and support. Please my friends, if you can take 15 minutes to join us- come. GBUA!, Thats right ;)!, HAPPY HAPPY 5 DE MAYO SATURDAY MY FRIENDS ...!!! Dont forget that today we have a special celebration menu!!!! Come and enjoy our AUTHENTIC TRADITIONAL TACOS ...... and so forth......!!!! See you later kiddos... <3 VIVA PUEBLA... VIVA MEXICO ...!!!!! <3, going to bed! See you tomorrow!!! https://www.facebook.com/events/371519129551206/, null, got some Sox tickets from our friend Chris, thank you :)!!!, My friends..... THANK YOU FOR THIS BEAUTIFUL DAY...!!! FOOD IS GONE.... BUT ....Tomorrow 5 de Mayo we will be celebrating our Battle of Puebla and we will be serving TACOS. We will honor Puebla, home of the MOLE POBLANO with our unique and authentic specialty. And our TRADITIONAL BEEF tacos that we typically have for caterings only. It's worth it to try them! Don't miss our 5 de Mayo celebration!, IT'S ALL ABOUT MEXICO!!!! My dear friends: As Mexican, I feel so proud that another country takes the time to celebrate "5 de Mayo" and in the US it's a HUUUGE CELEBRATION :) !!! Thanks a lot for this. But, let me tell you that "5 de Mayo" is not our Independence Day or our Revolution Day. 

To make a big and interesting story short, in 5 de Mayo we celebrate "LA BATALLA DE PUEBLA" ( the city of Puebla battle). What does this mean? 7 kids, 13 to 16 years-old, that belonged to Mexico's Military College were part of the battle in Puebla against France. These kids gave their life defending Mexico and helped win the battle. For this reason we honor them on this date. In Mexico a ceremony takes place at their monument. 

A lot of people think that Mexicans are all still wearing hats and riding horses. But the truth is that Mexico is a productive country that exports produce, coffee, chocolate, beer (!), etc, and we are becoming a first world country. Mexico offers different industrial and touristic opportunities. Home of the richest man in the world. Home of America's Queen Virgin of Guadalupe. Home of millions of wonderful Mexican people! 

I hope you learned something new today from my little lesson!!! You always have to keep learning  : ) !!! And we look forward to seeing you tomorrow to enjoy some dilicious traditional TACOS to celebrate this event !!!, HAPPY HAPPY FRIDAY MY FRIENDS: ..... CHORIZO IS R E A D Y ...!!!!  please dont miss it... 30 lbs and it wont last long ...... :(  see you later....!!!, Happy because it was an excellent lunch! Thank you fellows!!!! Tired because I have had been working very hard together with my little one. Nervous because next Tuesday 5/8/12 is our ZBA Hearing. I have been told from different sides "YOU WON'T GET THE PERMIT." THIS WON'T HAPPEN." I am tired but my faith is very strong. My friends please don't leave me now that I need you a lot!!! Please join us next Tuesday, we need bodies, we need hands raised, we need to fill up the City Hall room # 809 at 11:00 am. You probably will lose 30 minutes of your time but if we dont get the variance permit we will lose our business to keep surviving!!! You are more than welcome to bring your friends, family, coworkers, etc. Thank you my friends... With your support... WE WILL MAKE IT...!!!!, Good morning my dear Friends: It looks like a cold and sad day mmhh... BUT don't worried! There is plenty sun in our little place. God take care of it and He allows us.... Take care of you ...!!!! See you later my friends... We are working hard for you ... See you later....!!!!, Rainy Tuesday but not a sad one!!! Call us ahead to pick up and get ready for Saturday :)! Cinco de Mayo is NOT Mexican Independence Day but it is the Battle of Puebla. So we're going to celebrate with a TAQUIZA! Tacos, tacos, tacos, Puebla style for everyone all day, Cinco de Mayo OUR way! Viva Mexico!!!, Happy Monday my dear Friends: Today in my dearest MEXICO we celebrate "THE CHILD' S DAY" soooo congratulations to all my lovely Kiddos...YOU... But specially I would like to congratulate  my DEAREST & LOVELY CHILD.... FELIZ DIA DEL NIÑO BESSITA, I LOVE YOU !!!! AND I LOVE MY KIDDOS ......!!!!!, Sa...tur...day... My ... Frieeends..... And Happy haappy... I...am...cook..ing...for...you!!! A little tired BUT ALWAYS ENTHUSIASTIC... !!!!  See you later kiddos..... YUMMY FOOD TODAY....  <3, HAPPY FRIDAY MY FRIENDS: KIDDOS.... First come first served, come and try from our Catering Menu Mole Quiches..... Just in case you have a Graduation or Spring Event!!.... Absolutely delicious...... Only at lunch time..... So, see you later my friends.... <3...<3...<3..., HAPPY THURSDAY MY FRIENDS..... Working on our yummy CHORIZO !!! However, as it takes 2 days to get ready TODAY WE GAVE MORE DELICIOUS FOOD...... JUST ... FOR.... UUUUUUU......!!!!! See you later kiddos......  <3, GOOD & HAPPY WEDNESDAY.!!!! Here we are again with our Spirit high, pounds of energy, and tons of love...<3  That means.... That the food will be awesome.... Because I am cooking for you!!!! Almost ready... Dont get lost...<3, Hurry hurry, hurry hurry.... Almost lunch time..... Hurry hurry.... See you later...!!!!!  : ), ANOTHER MONDAY MY DEAR FRIENDS..... Have a wonderful day specially if you start it with a yummy and nice burrilicious in your hand  : ) ..... See you later kiddos ...!!! <3, Happy Friday my friends.... Bussy this morning and working hard!!!! Getting ready for your lunch!!!! See you later......... <3, Good Thursday my dear Friends: We are getting ready for our lunch time.... Hopefully I will see you later!! Then... We have to close at 3:00 pm because our Grandma MAMEMITA' funeral services will be this afternoon. Issues never come alone.....but we are in Gods' hands and we will keep going.  Thank you for your comprehension and support my friends. Tomorrow we will be opened at regular hours. GBUA... <3, Good morning my dear friends: We promised you we were going to let you know how was the meeting yesterday, but in our way to City Hall we received very, very sad news. How was the meeting at the City Hall with the Abbutter's Lawyer?...No comment.

The only thing I can tell you is that we are on the run and we will keep going on. THANK YOU FOR YOUR GOOD FEELINGS, THANK YOU FOR YOUR FINGERS CROSSED, GOOD BLESS YOU ALL!!!, My.friends we are out of the meeting but with sad news. Our grandma here, our second family, has passed away. Mamema is in heaven and the news is sad for us because we will miss her, but she is a happy Angel now. Please excuse us but we will be in mourning with our family at the hospital at the moment. Thank you my dears, GBU, Hello my dear friends: We are in our way to City Hall, meeting the Abbutters' Lawyer and Mayor Menino' Staff.
Please my friends.... Fingers crossed. We will let you know what happens. See you later..... !!!, Are you enjoying this gorgeous Monday my dears? I hope sooo! Good luck if you are running the marathon! See you here for your burritos :), We are closed today for catering but will return Monday and cheer on all of you running! In the meantime: The process is moving my dears. May 8, please read http://myemail.constantcontact.com/May-8--that-s-it-.html?soid=1105133108645&aid=kGepi4HlVtk, My friends! What a lovely Friday! Please note that tomorrow we will be serving a birthday party, yay! *We will be closed, Saturday April 14* As graduations begin and other seasonal events happen, why not have a delicious fiesta?! Contact us for details or visit our website for ideas :) THANK YOU ALL!!!, Good morning my friends. We wish you a Happy Thursday!!! A little tired but getting ready for lunch time... See you later kiddos !!, Hello and Good Morning my dear Friends!!! Another day and as usual.... Getting these BURRILICIOUS ready for you...!!! Thank you Folks ....... See you later !!!!, Happy Monday my friends. After enjoying  a beautiful Easter Sunday... Welcome to reality and lets keep working!!! Hopefuly everything was wonderful for you and your Family too !!! Lets keep cooking so I can see you later. Wishing you a great week... : ), I am almost done with my cooking!!! See you later kiddos..... Take care...<3, Happy Holy Saturday my Friends. Our prayers and love are with you and Might God Bless You All ...!!!!, Happy Good Friday my friends: I am getting ready for your lunch : ). Please do not forget that today we will be closing at 8:00 pm because of our service at church and tomorrow Saturday will be closed at 7:00 pm. Thanks a lot for your comprehension and SEE YOU LATER..... FOOD ALMOST READY ... <3. GBA, PLEASE NOTE MY DEARS: As good Catholics we are going to Easter masses! Today we have church service at 7p.m. so we will close at 6:45p.m. Tomorrow, Good Friday, we will close at 8p.m. and Saturday at 7p.m. My friends as I always say, we are in God's hands and I invite you take a little moment to think about the good things in our lives and the blessings we all have. It doesn't matter if we are Christian, Buddist, Jewish, etc...to me we pray to the same God and together we will make a better life. Happy Easter services to you. Thank you in advance and GBU all!!! <3 Julie, Hello kiddos!! After a week being off I am coming back!!
THANK YOU TO MY BABY <3 - She did it better than me. And Thank you so much for taking good care of your Moma King. Thank you to my coworkers for their help  AND THANKS TO ALL OF YOU FOR YOUR SUPPORT...!!!!!   I <3 U. See you later kiddos....FOOD IS READY !!!, Bessie here manning the shop my friends. Come by with a cupcake and I'll give you an order of tacos. Equal exchange, nobody gets hurt... I'll be waiting ;), HAPPY FRIDAY MY DEAR FRIENDS!!!! With all this stress and situations going on I have been in bed the whole week...  BUT my little one is there as usual working and working very hard..... My friends Bess is waiting for youuuu..... FOOD IS READYYY...!!!! Please check her seasoning... I am pretty sure she cooks better than her teacher ha!!  (let me knooww...  :  )  Have a wonderful BURRILICIOUS DAY !!!!!   GBA, This is crazy weather my friends! Stay warm and keep your fingers crossed for Sun, I know I am! :), Walking back to our little place..... FOOD IS READY KIDDOS.....!!!!!  <3, Getting out the zba hearing. SORRY MY DEAR FRIENDS BECAUSE IT WAS VERY HARD FOR US TO CANCELLED YOUR ASSISTANCE AT THE ZBA HEARING but for sure WE SINCERELY APPRECIATE YOUR ASSISTANCE. We had such a short time to cancelled everybody. We would like to thank specially OUR BEAUTUFUL KIDS FROM THE ADVENT SCHOOL!!!
Was wonderful to see all this litttle ones giving support to us. THANK YOU SO MUCH MY FRIENDS... WE KNOW THAT WE ARE NOT ALONE AND WE WILL KEEP GOING.
The new and definite date for our next meeting will be
MAY 8th, 2012 at 10:30  am. And we will let you know on time. AGAIN, THANK YOU MY FRIENDS AND GBA!!!
Julie and Bessie., At the City Hall deferring the hearing. I am absolutely sick. This nervous situation and my flu are not a good team. See you latet kiddos.....<3., Good morning fellows: Today is Monday and here we go for another week: This week is a very important one for us. Because tomorrow Tuesday is our ZBA Hearing. I never said this was going to be easy, but My Lord, it has been soooo stressful. I am sick of my stomack most of the time and you look at me and I cry!!! We have to fill up the hearing room (city hall - rm. 801) 10:30 am. We need bodies - we need hands. Please my friends this is a matter of justice, please joing us, we need hands to be rised and I am pretty sure you will be there supporting us. I know you kiddos wont leave us alone and I am pretty sure that after the hearing WE ALL ARE GOING TO CELEBRATING THAT VILLA MEXICO HAS A NEW HOME.
GOD BLESS YOU KIDDOS THANK YOU FOR YOUR SOPPORT and HAPPY MONDAY !!!!!   <3, Coming back from our wonderful catering: CONGRATULATIONS TO OUR DEAREST FRIEND DAVE SHORE. He passed his Doctoral Test and the Micro Biology Dept. at Mass General Hospital and the department celebrated him. Was a wonderful party, we served his favorite food (Tacos, Tamales, Guac, Salsa) and we met his proudest parents and brother. We feel very proud to have the opportunity to participate in this event but we feel much more happy to be a witness of a young man's success!!!! CONGRATULATIONS DAVE AND GOOD LUCK IN YOUR FUTURE... WE WISH YOU THE BEST ...!!!!!, My Dear Friends: I started early today cooking for you and also getting ready for a nice catering for MGH. I am in my kitchen thinking how things will be next Tuesday at the ZBA. My daughter Bess does not know what else to do, what else to wright to call our friends attention to joing us in this meeting. We were told YOU NEED TO FILL UP THE ZBAs ROOM, YOU NEED HANDS RAISED when they ask WHO IS IN FAVOR.....YOU NEED LETTERS AND SUPPORT FOR YOUR "CUSTOMERS"... But how can I make them understanf that my customers are bussy at 10:30 am.  BUT my faith is the last feeling to die. As I always said my customers ARE MY FRIENDS AND THEY ARE MY FAMILY!!! and I am asking my FAMILY TODAY....WOULD YOU PLEASE JOING US ON TUESDAY TO SUPPORT US? I know I will be taking 1:00 hr of your time but this hour means our whole life. My Friends, are you willing to joing us in this last run?? Thanks, thanks a lot my friends GOD BLESS YOU ALL...!!!! THANK YOU FOR YOUR SUPPORT BECAUSE I KNOW THAT WE ARE NOT ALONE !!!   <3.    <3, The email we sent my friends, in case you didn't receive it: http://myemail.constantcontact.com/Our-last-hearing-and-last-chance.html?soid=1105133108645&aid=rDqTkyOEQ2s, http://boston.eater.com/archives/2012/03/22/villa-mexico-owner-julie-king.php, Please remember we have a meeting TONIGHT, 6:30pm at the gas station, to talk about your questions regarding our moving plan! If you're around, please join us! Thank you my friends GBU!, My dear friends: We had a meeting today with Mr. Mayor Menino about having the City offer more direct support for our relocation. Being a small local business that has been in Becon Hill for more than five years, and the only one offering AUTHENTIC MEXICAN FOOD, we thought it would be easy to get this help.... We still need your prayers and support. <3, MY FRIENDS: We will open at NOON today, March 21, please take note! We will be at city hall in a meeting regarding our relocation. Thank you for understanding and see you foe lunch :)!!! GBU!, Awesome tshirts from our friend @BostonTweet that we wore on...Monday! We got compliments yesterday my dear, thank you!!! :), Sorry kids its late and still I do not check in !!! So Welcome Spring and we are working hard for a nice catering today...!!! THANK YOU MIT !!! see you later...
AH! Foooodd is reeeaaddyyy!!, Bienvenido senor Sol! Happy Spring my dears :)!!!, GOOOD MONDAY MY FRIENDS: Today is the first week of Spring and eventhough we had a wonderful winter NOW we will have more sun, more light, more energy,  beautiful flowers, birds singing and of course a lot of love from US!!!! Happy Monday.... See you soon...<3, HAPPY ST. PATRICKS DAY MY FRIENDS....!!!! Enjoy your Saturday and tomorrow the parade..!!! Have a wonderful green day and PLEASE BE CAREFUL with the beer ...!!!!!
<3   <3   <3   <3   <3   <3   <3, TGIF.... And good morning my dear frinds: Check in: Working at my kitchen. Why?:
Because I <3 cooking for youuu!!!!! (and also... I am preparing MORE CHORIZO !!!)
Sooo... Might I see you later...??? HAPPY FRIDAY TO EVERYBODY .....!!!!!, yes, yes, yes, please read! http://www.boston.com/yourtown/news/beacon_hill/2012/03/villa_mexico_zoning_hearing_gr.html, My dear Friends: It has been a little more than a week since we suffered our Family Loss. Are we ok?  No, not yet because its very hard to understand how a young healthy person can leave this world so fast but such is life and life keeps going. My dears I would like to thank all of you for your big support, prayers and love. It makes me realize that we are not alone and reconfirm how wonderful friends we have. Many thanks again and God Bless You All......  <3   <3   <3, Small businesses helping each other :) come by to eat and if you're a local owner like us, leave your card!, HAPPY MONDAY MY FRIENDS: Another week and here I am cooking as usual for you!! We wish you happy begining of the week and dont forget... SMILES :) ARE FREE ....!!!! STOP BY AND I WILL GIVE YOU TONS IF IT !!!! Dont worried... Be happy...
God is with ALL OF US !!!  <3, Happy birthday to my sweet little friend Anna!!!, Here is our latest email newsletter my friends, http://conta.cc/xuuCwC please share!, It's Friday! Happy, happy over here :)!, Happy women's day mamacitas!!!!, I have the best friends/customers anyone can have, THANK YOU MY DEARS!!!!, To all my dear Friends who are my lovely bostonian Family: Not everything is rice & beans,  honey on oats, or cook. Today I feel very very very sad :(  and I wanted to share it with you. Yesterday after Church I received a message from my dearest cousin in Puebla, Mexico letting us know that his little brother lost the battle. My lovely cousin was fighting against the H1N1 virous since last Tuesday. I had been following all this situation for the whole past week hoping that my Father God will help him to recover. Well, He did not lose the battle but he understood that our Father needed another ANGEL AT HEAVEN and HE SAID "HERE I AM" ! I tried to go to Mexico but no flights available for yesterday either today. I feel devastated because this kid was like my brother  and it is an important  lost in our Family.  I do understand that the show most keeps going and here we are cooking as usual with a little broken heart. My friends please pray for my Family in Puebla and please pray for us and as always THANKS A LOT FOR YOUR SUPPORT.... GBUA...    <3.  <3.  <3, Good Monday my friends: I was going to check inn, and Fb change the profile. I am getting used to it and then CHANGE!! and by the time I figure it out ... THE BEANS ARE BURNED OUT..  : (  Well my friends, just letting you know that I am getting ready for lunch ok. Talk to you later....   : ), My friends: We will close at 6p.m. today, Saturday March 2, 2012. Please take note and THANK YOU!!!, Meeting with one of my little ones :) very serious business, making more hot chocolate to share!, Wet Saturday my friends:  A rainny nice day and getting ready for you... What about a nice little cup of EXCELLENT MEXICAN HOT CHOCOLATE for this cold day??? DONE!!! Ask Julie or Bessie for it and enjoy it while you wait for your food...!!! See you later...   :)  <3, HAPPY FIRST FRIDAY OF THIS SPRIGKLY MONTH..!!! (I like my new word). Lets celebrate this Friday together. Stop by between 1:00 - 2:30 pm get a "THE WORKS BURRILICIOUS" ... AND YOU WILL GET A FREE SALSITA AND CHIPS..!!!!!! Mmmmmmmmhh nice way to celebrate our first Friday ha! JUST TELL ME ...... "FB TOLD ME TO STOP BY ....."   : )....... <3 ....<3 .....  See you latet kiddos..., To celebrate the FIRST WET DAY OF MARCH...... The first
THREE Customers to get in our little place after 11:00 am and say: HAPPY MARCH JULIE/ BESSIE will get a  FREE YUMMY TAMAL!!!  Don't miss it my friends <3...<3....<3..., HAPPY MONTH OF MARCH MY FRIENDS !!!!!
Another month and Thanks God we are still in our little place at the Gas Station !! GOD BLESS THE LANDLORD!!
We are still fighting very hard to stay at Beacon Hill. We feel part of it because our customers and friends who are like our family are here. Please my friends lets keep praying ..... Together we will make it...THANK YOU FOR BEING PART OF US... GOD BLESS YOU <3 <3 <3 HAPPY MARCH <3 <3 <3, well, we HAD to get snow at some point! Drive and walk safe my friends, see you for dinner ;), that gas station burrito... yum, Ok my dear kiddos........30 LBS.OF C H O R I Z O .... 
READYYYYY..... !!!!! PLEASE DON'T MISS IT ....!!!  : ), Oh my friends, I am seeing this Novela -sooo good!!! I DVR it and watch when I get home at night so it's my mini-movie ;) What shows are you excited about now?! Bessie currently likes Downtown Abbey..., Got any special plans or big meetings this week? Come by and chat with us, aside from good food we have excellent hearing ;) Happy Monday!!!, Ya estamos en las carreras del lunch! Feliz viernes, aqui nos vemos!, Hey my friends! If we get 100 people to "like us" before the end of March Facebook will email us a $100 coupon for advertising! Isn't that nice? If you have a second please share our page :), One day to Friday and what a lovely day! Keep seeing you here for a yummy burrito my friends :), My friends: As you know we are a Family Business and also a Catholic Family. Today is Ash Wednesday and Mass is at 7:30 pm soooo... We are leaving at 7:15 pm and coming back at 8:30 pm. Please take a note that during this time we will be closed. Thank you for your comprehension and God Bless You my dear Friends., Our famous yellow cards are back GET YOURS TODAY!!! 
*Punch every visit and the 10th one
***YOU GET A FREE REGULAR BURRITO***  (One per customer please : )  ), Good morning my friends: We are ready with your favorite BURRILICIOUS!!! Just waiting for youuuu!!!
See you later...., We wanna be the first ones to wish you...HAPPY PRESIDENTS DAY MY FRIENDS !!!!!! Enjoy your holiday that we will be working on your yummy food and WE WILL SEE YOU ON TUESDAY 2/21/12!!!!!
Take care my kiddos....., Chocolates, candies, flowers, teddy bears :) how nice BUT....WHAT ABOUT A YUMMY WONDERFUL TASTY BURRILICIOUS from the BEST BURRITO IN BOSTON!!!! YEESS!!! Mama King is waiting for you .... Mmmhhhhh
THE BEST GIFT FOR YOUR VALENTIN... HAPPY LOVELY DAY KIDDOS...!!! <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3, My dear friends: You know that as a Family Business we LOVE TO TAKE CARE OF YOU PERSONALLY  :) 
But we are still working on this nice catering that we should deliver by 6:30 pm today! and we can not be at the store yet. Sorry my friends we sincerely apologize for any inconvenience and we thank you very much for your comprehension :), MY DEARS: Nice catering!!! We have to prepare 180 burritos +  for a Valentine' Party tomorrow Saturday 02/11/12!!! We will be closed in the morning but we will let you know how we are doing!!!  THANK YOU MY FRIENDS... GET YOUR SALSA & CHIPS TODAY!!!!!  Do not miss it :)!, Happy Friday: Almost finishing your YUMMY LUNCH KIDDOS..... See you later my friends....  :), Taco Tuesday it seems!, MY FRIENDS... YEESS We are already open, food ready AND WAITING FOR YOU!!!!  THANK YOU KIDDOS..!!!, MY FRIENDS: You know that our food is fresh and home made every single day. Well  Mama King feel sick and She cannot cook today :(  She prefers to close because as She likes to take care of you personaly she wont be able to do it. We do apologize for this inconvenience but TOMORROW WE WLL BE OPEN!!! THANKS FOR YOUR COMPREHENSION  :)   GOD BLESS YOU ALL., TODAY IS OUR BBIIIG DAAYYY..... GO PAAATRIOTS GOOOOOOOO......!!!!!!!, Good morning kiddos: Given the last touch to the SALSA..Don't forget to get yours...TOMORROW IS THE BIG DAY...
GGOOOO PAAATRIOTS GOOOOOOO ::). !!!!!, MY FRIENDS....... SO GOOOOOD....... SO FAR......Closing early.... FOOD IS ALMOST GOOONNNEE.....!!!! THANK YOUUU:....!!!!    :), WOW... WHAT A DAY... THANK YOU MY FRIENDS!!! wonderful lunch and a lot of SALSA SOLD...THANK YOUUU.   :)  Did you get yours already...... ALMOST GONE ... !!!!, It's that a dream... ???? Good beer, good drinks. Cheering, good atmosphere, SCREAMING... GO PATRIOTS GOOO..???...NOOOO... IT'S OUR SALSA THAT PUTS THE KICK IN!
HURRY.... Do not forget to get your SALSA, GUAC & CHIPS  for this WONDERFUL GAME.... oh gosh it's hot  :)
GO PATRIOTS GOOOO.....!!!!!!, Another day full of nice weather, happiness & love! TGIF..
Working on a burrilicious catering for THE ADVENT SCHOOL.....  But do not panic Mama King ALSO COOKING
FOR YOUUU...!!! See you later dears!!!   <3, A little chilly this morning my friends so bundle up! And remember, you can call ahead to just pick up or order a lunch delivery with a minimum purchase :), Good beautiful Monday my dear friends: given the last touch to your YUMMY FOOD...!!!!! Start getting ready.
We will see you later.... !!!!!!, I thought yesterday was Friday, but no! Happy Friday for real my friends ;)!, Good and wonderful Friday my dear friends: Food is almost done ...... So start getting ready ... Wish you a gorgeous day with a yummy burrito in your hands !!!! :), Bright and sunny, what a yummy day...like our food!, Happy Chinese new year my friends, the year of the dragon! Rrrrraw!, It's cold outside :(  BUT WE ARE HERE WAITING FOR YOU.... !!!!  :), MY FRIEENDS...!!! DO NOT FORGET TO GET YOUR SALSA AND CHIPS...... OR GUACAMOLE....?! FOR TOMORROW.... ( its the PATRIOTS GAME...!!!). :), Happy Friday!!!, 30 burritos, salsa, guac, chips, tres leches cake and Mexican sodas for an MIT lunch. When would You like to bring us to tour office lunch?!, My friends! New number to place your take out orders: 781-568-0252 will tall to you soon!, We have been asked a lot if we're still in business my friends and the answers is: YES! We are waiting for permits to open our new home, but in the meantime come get your salsa, burritos,tacos, tamales, etc, at the gas station :)!, It's a holiday my friends... You can rest zzzzzzz a little bit more while I finish my cooking. I will be waiting for youuuu.......  :)   <3, Come get lucky with us! Because 13 is not a bad number! A great burrito and pretty day equal an awesome long weekend :)!!!, my friends we are closing at 8p.m. to go make a food catering delivery. Please take note! thank you :)!, What about a yummy, well grilled extremely homemade burrilicious treeeaatt for this rainy and cold day...!!!! :) HURRY ! MAMA KING WILL PAMPER YOU...!!!! JUST LIKE HOME ....... <3, CHORIZO IS REEEAADDYYYY MY FRIENDS...!!!! and it has been selling like crazzy.... DON'T DELAY.....!!!!!, null, MMMMHH...... MY FRIENDS:  KINGS BREAD (ROSCA DE REYES) ITS READY!!!... HURRY.... Get yours asap, there is a few left, just at VILLA MEXICO CAFE with our unique and AUTHENTIC Mexican homemade touch...!!!! :), Quieren rosca de reyes??? Pues ya esta lista aqui!!! Come try some Mexican sweet bread for today's three kings day!, happy first Friday of the year :)!!!, WE ARE SO BLESSED MY DEARS!!!! THANK YOU FOR YOUR WONDERFUL HELP AND SUPPORT AND LOVE!!!! AHHH, WE MADE IT!!!! http://www.kickstarter.com/projects/926825726/villa-mexico-gets-a-new-home , THANK YOU MY DEAR FRIENDS FOR THE OPPOTUNITY YOU GIVE US TO SERVE YOU..!!!! THE
BEST BURRITOS IN BOSTON ARE BACK..!!! Vacations are over and more than happy to cook for you..FOOD IS READY... SEE YOU LATER.., Dear Facebook friends and all users: This is a last minute plead.  We are trying to relocate to an independent location. Through a KickStarter campaign we are trying to raise funds for our plan. We are 5 days away from reaching our goal but still need help.

If you have a spare $1 to $5 could you consider donating it to us? You have no idea how much your help would help us.

Please, pretty please: http://www.kickstarter.com/projects/926825726/villa-mexico-gets-a-new-home Thank you so much for reading this and for your support <3!, We got all the supplies today! Tomorrow cooking, cleaning and prepping to have everything ready to open 2012 bright and early on Wednesday, lucky #3 of January! :) so excited to see you friends soooon!!!!, This is from Bessie my friends! 
"Before this jammed packed, happy, sad, surprising, stressful, exciting, worth 3-in-1 year ends, I'd like to thank you all for making 2011 special. Thanks to my friends around the world, some of which I got to see this year and with whom I've kept in touch through technology, I have you and our memories always in my heart and I thank you for being such wonderful extensions of my family. Thank you to my family who through good or bad keeps giving us love, no matter if we are near of far. Thank you to my new friends, business contacts and guardian angels who have helped me reach my goals this year. Thank you to our amazing customers and Villa Mexico Cafe supporters, without your daily business and donations for our new place we would have no livelihood but more than that we would have no drive, you are- by far- some of the best customer/friends any business in Boston is lucky to have. Thanks to my love, it was a whirlwind year for us beb but we're making it work one day at a time, you always make me smile. Thank you my beautiful Peanut for being the most understanding and caring dog I have ever had. Thank you to the most important person in my world, the best mom I was blessed to be sent to, my mom and the surrogate mom to many (te amo Mamita!) we'll keep going together as we always have :) Thank you, last but not least, to God for never leaving us and for giving us the peace, love, and strength we needed this year to face everything positive or negative that came our way, virtues we strive for daily and that we will always need from you; thank you for my life God. I wish I could tag you ALL to show you how meaningful you are in my life, but since I can't: I send you a huge cyber hug and wish you greatness for 2012. You too are blessed and have good things coming. Let's keep growing, helping, rebeling, inventing, laughing, loving and doing whatever we can to be a better world. Happy New Year everybody, I've got a #goodfeeling it will be wonderful <3. THANK YOU!!!", If you've ever asked me where is the tongue, here it is! Making some delicious tongue in a caper and olive sauce for new year's with Mexican friends!, My dear friends: PLEASE ... Do not believe that it is going to be the end of the world...!!!! It was the END OF THE STONE !! Thats why the Mayas could not finished their homework!!! Besides, the end of the world will be up to God. And until that happens it is up to us to change the world. I make an invitation to all of you that on 1/1/2012 @ 12:00 am lets wish from the bottom of our hearts:  WELCOME NEW ERA THAT WILL BE FULL OF SUPPORT, HAPPINESS, STRENGHT AND LOVE.
The world is beautiful BECAUSE YOU ARE IN IT AND YOU ARE THE ONLY ONE WHO CAN CHANGE IT.
WELCOME 2012.... HAPPY NEW YEAR.... WE <3 YOU ALL...!!!!!!!, THANK YOU, THANK YOU THANK YOU...!!! First of all THANK YOU to my lovely family (Mom, sisters, brother, nices, nefews, anties, uncles, cousins) THANK YOU to my Angels!!, THANK YOU to my loyal customers and friends, all my friends BUT SPECIALLY THANK YOU GOD because you gave me all of them. MAINLY... THANK YOU LORD for the WONDERFUL GIFT THAT YOU GAVE ME. ¡THANK YOU TO MY LOVELY, STRONG, SUPPORTER, FUNNY, AND INCREDIBLE DAUGHTER!!!  BECAUSE SHE IS THE MOTOR OF MY LIFE!!! THANK YOU, THANK YOU, THANK YOU..... HAPPY NEW YEAR MY FRIENDS...!!!!!, A MI QUERIDA FAMILIA HISPANA: MUCHAS GRACIAS POR SU APOYO EN NUESTRO NEGOCIO, PERO ESPECIALMENTE POR SU AMISTAD Y CARIŃO. DESEAMOS CON TODO NUESTRO CORAZON QUE EL NIŇITO JESUS LOS LLENE DE BENDICIONES, SALUD Y AMOR.... FELIZ NAVIDAD!!! SINCERAMENTE: BESS, JULIE Y EL CLAN DE VILLA MEXICO., MY DEAR FRIENDS: THANK YOU SO MUCH FOR YOUR BUSINESS BUT SPECIALLY FOR YOUR SUPPORT AND FRIENDSHIP. MIGHT BABY JESUS BRINGS YOU THE JOY OF HAPPINESS AND LOVE!!! SINCERELY: BESS, JULIE AND VILLA MEXICO'S CREW......  MERRY CHRISTMAS......!!!!!, My dears we are open for the last day of the year TODAY, before we take a week off to recharge and return on January 3rd! If you need some salsa jars or tamales for tour holiday weekend we'll see youuu here :)!, Six baby burritos for a last minute office party, gooooood idea! :), My friends!!!! If you have come by these last two weeks you would have seen our "kitty jar" that we put out for donations and tips to go towards our kick starter fund. Today we took that money and deposited in the website and we have $300!!! We are halfway there my dears and little by little we are making our goal. If you have an extra $1 to $5 around, please join us in the fundraising :) http://kck.st/trJ98R , If there is something I should feel proud and happy of is... MY CUSTOMERS' LOYALTY, SUPPORT AND LOVE... I wish to be a very powerful person to pay you back some of your BIG support but I only have this poor heart full of  love and from the bottom of it I tell you: THANK YOU MY FRIENDS, GOD BLESS YOU BECAUSE...YOU ARE THE BEST... !!! Thank you, thank you, thank you....., Our friends from Community Servings made their goal and then some! Thanks to everyone who bought a pie!!! And we got a pretty sticker for helping :), And let's have some fun since we should be happy to have friends like you ok?! Write down on the comments what is the main ingredient in Julie's food. First correct answer gets a free burrito :)!, You are and have been lifting my spirits my friends, we love you all!, null, http://www.kickstarter.com/projects/926825726/villa-mexico-gets-a-new-home 27 days left, any groups for our Friends Wall out there?! :), How's your Monday going?! We're prepping and cooking and seeing your happy faces, so our Monday is going well :), I am sad very sad... But life keeps going! We lost a battle but the war!!! So keep moving Julie and now cooking a yummy food for my kids at MIT. But do not be jealous.  YOURS IS READY!!!! THANK YOU MY FRIENDS FOR KEEPING ME GOING..
GOD BLESS YOU ALL....!!!@@, We keep going my friends, will send an update about tomorrow to you but we want to keep you and be in a welcoming community and we know we will :), Headed to the BHCA meeting my friends, if you want to support us please come by! 74 Joy Street in Beacon Hill., My friends TOMORROW at 7p.m., 74 JOY STREET, we'll ask to get Zoning Board approval from the civic association, please come support us if you're free! http://bhcivic.org/ Thank you!, We were just told of this story on the Beacon Hill Patch.com! http://beaconhill.patch.com/articles/villa-mexico-looks-to-move-to-grove-street Thank you for the coverage and information!, My friends, if you're in a sports team, student club office group or such, maybe you'd like to pitch in and have all your member names in our wall at the new place?! Please consider it, we'll fill the wall with names! http://www.kickstarter.com/projects/926825726/villa-mexico-gets-a-new-home, Haaaaaappy Friiiiiday :)!!!, Got an extra $1.00? We can get you an awesome handmade thank you card for it! http://kck.st/v2IMnI :), we're in the Beacon Hill Times this week in regards to our meeting with the BHCA on December 7th! If you're around and would like to join us please come at 7:30p.m. More details here: http://bhcivic.org/ thank you!!!, The gutting out done in late October/early November of the new spot!, Cooking 24 chiles rellenos (stuff poblano peppers) for our dinner-club tomorrow. A lot of work BUT VERY HAPPY.... THANK YOU MY FRIENDS .... I'M SURE YOU WILL LIKE AND ENJOY THEM....!!!!!, It's hump day, almost the weekend so stay strong my friends! Let's keep working :), One last thing to "pick up" on Cyber Monday! http://bit.ly/uMdmPQ, Good morning! If you're thinking of buying this "cyber Monday" look into buying some great Mexican salsa ;)!, Good morning my friends! We look forward to seeing you today as you shop local :) thanks for supporting small businesses!, To all my wonderful customers that are my FRIENDS:  Today a very special day for the entire Nation, I would like to thank you all from the bottom of my heart YOUR BUSINESS, YOUR SUPPORT, YOUR FRIENDSHIP but specially YOUR LOVE. Some how together we have been sharing sadness, worries, probles but most of all A LOT OF HAPPINESS AND SUCCESS!!! Now, me and my daughter Bess are looking forward to start another stage in VILLA MEXICO. It is to reach our goal and make our dream come true. TO HAVE OUR OWN HOUSE IN BEACON HILL. We are pretty positive thal we will reach it, and again, this will be done ONLY THANKS TO YOU, TO YOUR SUPPORT AND TO YOUR GENEROSITY. That is why TODAY... AND ALWAYS I WILL PRAY TO MY GOD AND TELL HIM.... THANK YOU LORD FOR MY BEAUTIFUL FRIENDS, PLEASE BLESS THEM AND COVER THEM ALWAYS WITH YOUR LIGHT. THANK YOU MY FRIENDS AND HAVE A WONDERFUL THANKS GIVING DAY. LOVE.... BESS & JULIE !!!, Today we are going to receive a big celebrities in our little place!!! We are welcoming our KIDS FROM THE ADVENT SCHOOL @ BEACON HILLS!!!!!
Awsome experience...  They will be here after 1:30 pm and we are getting 
ready for it.!!!!!  WELCOME MY LITTLE FRIENDS..!!!!!, My friends: Warning Alert for the weather tomorrow... Please be prepared... Do not forget to TAKE YOUR BOTTLE OF DELICIOUS & YUMMY SALSA.  Its ready .....
stop by on time..... !!!!!, now you can take 360degree photos?! I guess so! http://t.co/dogxUEEa  a cool look of my talk for the MIT Happy Belly Club :) , Have you read this little story? Thank you to Lisa at @BosInnovation.com for the coverage and to anyone donating, your support is going to keep us running :)!! http://bostinnovation.com/2011/11/19/gas-station-burrito-joint-villa-mexico-launches-kickstarter-campaign-mobilizes-social-media-in-the-face-of-eviction/, 25 handmade pies for a good cause, that makes them taste even better! Thanks friends for helping today :) If you'd like to buy a pie visit the Community Servings website tonight!!!, O MY GOD.... I am very bussy writing and I have to keep cooking SEE YOU LATER MY FRIENDS!!!!, OHOH... I ALMOST FORGET..... We are still taking orders for our BOTTELED 
 DELICIOUS SALSA & OUR 3 LECHES YUMMY CAKE for your THANKS GIVING DINNER and/or GIFT!..... PLEASE PLEASE ... PLACE YOUR ORDER ON TIME !!! Also, visit our Webb..... THANKS MY FRIENDS!!!!, Thank you to our friends Nolvia,  Johnathan C., Vanne, Rodolfo C. They were our first customers to order OUR THURSDAY FINE DINNER!!! Thank you my friends I am very happy you like it.!! Our next Thursday Dinner will be on THURSDAY 12/1/11, the Menu: CHILES RELLENOS (STUFF POBLANO PEPPERS) AUTHENTIC HOMEMADE 
STYLE) Please place your order on time and I will keep you posted on all the details... PLEASE VISIT OUR WEBB... "www villamexicocafe.us" THANKS MY FRIENDS !!!!!!, HAPPY FRIDAY MY FRIENDS!! Tell the next person to you TGIF-I LOVE YOU!!! Also,
 when you come to our place TODAY... You tell me that and will say I LOVE YOU TOOOO and you will have a FREE TACO...(but this is only until 2:00 pm ok!). See you later my friends!., THANK YOU MY HAPPY BELLY CLUB'S FRIENDS.... I HAD A BALL  BEING WITH YOU GUYS...!!!!!  Thanks my dear RJ !!!! Was wonderful and a great time... Know back to work ... DID YOU EAT ALREADY KIDS..... Food is waiting for youuuu....., Headed to #MIT to cater and chat with the Happy Belly Club :) Join us if you're around at building E62 room 262!, HAPPY DAY MY FRIENDS!!! Today I will join the HAPPY BELLY CLUB's Guys from MIT..I WAS INVITED to talk about MY FOOD, OUR CULTURE AND MY PASSION FOR COOKING!!! I will share good taquitos, jummy baby-burritos, guacamole
our great salsa, chips, ate * cheese WOW  wonderful and delicious Event.  But you also can have a party at my little place and enjoy A BIG BURRITO MY FRIENDS!!  Baby Bessie will be there ............ FOOD IS READY......., Additional FYI! We will be closed THIS Saturday due to a holiday catering. If you'd like to have your special gathering made into a great holiday fiesta please ask us about it! And, the salsa jars are also ready for your holiday gifts :)!, It takes me 2 days to prepare our GOOD chorizo  (mexican saussage-25 lbs.) And it takes as well 2 days to have 15 lbs. Less. Hurry up its almost over... Wow, thank you my friends YOU REALLY LIKE MY FOOD... AND I TRULY LOVE YOU !!!!!, null, how is your Monday work day going? Hopefully you're wrapping up to head home and if you don't wanna cook-pick up some burros ;)!, Happy Monday my friends... Another week cooking for you very happy..... Food is almost ready so....... I will see you later......, My friends, If you happen to have a dollar extra or a group of friends who would like to join in and share a special "something" please consider our KickStarter campaign http://www.kickstarter.com/projects/926825726/villa-mexico-gets-a-new-home 

For $300 your group could get their name, or names, in a wall of our new home. With $1 you would still be helping us get closer to our goal. Plus, there are other categories to give in between! 

If you have any questions please feel free to ask me anything. We are keeping things honest and the funds we raise will pretty much cover our legal fees. 

Anything helps and if you cannot help us with a donation, consider sharing the news of our campaign instead :) 

Thank you my friends!, Happy Friday and Veteran's Day my friends. Thank you to all the service women and men who risk themselves for others!, http://www.kickstarter.com/projects/926825726/villa-mexico-gets-a-new-home, My friends, if you haven't gotten an email yet you will in a few minutes. Our new location, ideas to help us stay around and specials we're introducing. Please read it and please let us know what you think!!! THANK YOU :)!, rainy Thursday but we're celebrating the 14th birthday of my youngest nephew all the way from here to Mexico! Sending you happy wishes my dear, and dry wishes to the rest of you friends :)!, My dear friends: we are inviting you to order a THANKS GIVING PIE and/or DONATE ONE by Nov. 19th. Our dear Bessie is going to bake them and we will sell them here @ our place. This is a program from Community Servings and we all will be helping neighboors and their families with big needs!!! Thanks for your support and we are sure that you will warm up your heart!!!!, Today is a perfect Fall Tuesday, praying for some friends who are at the hospital so that they can see this sunshine soon too., My friends... We have a beautiful Event today morning. We will be @ the Advent School- Beacon Hill celebrating with the little ones the Dia de Muertos ( Day of allSaint) a wonderful mexican tradition. So, we will be open @ noon today ok. Good reason to wait right..?! Thanks for your comprehension., FORGOT TO TELL YOU..... FOOD IS READY  !!!!!!!, HAPPY HALLOWEEN MY KIDS.....  Trick....your money... Treat..my burrito...I CHANGE YOUR TRICK FOR MY TREAT..... A DEAL!!!!!!!???, WAKE UP-WAKE UP KIDS... HURRY UP... FOOD IS READY !!!!! We are closing early today (6.00 pm)... Not because of the storm but for a Holloween catering.  50 baby burritos, guac and our unique SALSA... What a way to celebrate ha!!! So hurry, hurry...hurry uuupppp!!!!!, ATTIFAKTORI.... THAT IS MY BEST REWARD!!!! JUST IMAGINING YOU WONDERFUL FACE ENJOYING MY JUMMY FOOD... THANKS MY FRIEND... YOU MADE ME HAPPY!!!@, In this rainny day the perfect thing to do is: get a yummy quesadilla with nice rice and beans on the side..our unique salsa and stay inside....YOU WANNA TRY....JUST CALL.....!!!!!, Come by to see us all dolled up :)!, Decorating for Halloween and Dia de Muertos, we'll have candy and sugar skulls again this year for you :)!, Decoratijg, Happy Monday! We hope you had a fantastic weekend my friends, and see you for lunch!, we will be closed tomorrow friends, please get your salsa and burrito fix before 9p.m. tonight! Thank you :)!, So, you guys were hungry today... 0-0 cooking a new batch of everything for round II!!! ;), Did you know that we can set up altars at your school or office for Dia de Muertos? Find out more and get a great event for your team or students!, aaand we're back! Dinner orders come ooon down ;), my friends please note we will be closed from 3p.m. to 5p.m. TODAY, Monday October 17th, and resume work as normal afterward. Thank you!!!, Dining in at the little gas station, yummy and unique ;)!, It's a perfect Autumn day to go for a walk and have w burrito picnic :) see you at eleven!, Call us ahead to get your dinner orders for pick up ready when you get out of work friends, no need to cook on a rainy Friday!, My friends....WET MOOORNIIINNGGGG!!! We got up early and started cooking just for you... So We will see you later........, Good morning my friends, getting ready for a nice lunch rain means nothing compared to a good burrito.!!Hopefully see you later.mmmhhh, Good morning!, Good morning my friends...pork is awsome this mornimg, getting ready to open...see you later...!!!!! Mmmhhh, null, My friends we have big news coming your way, if you haven't joined our mailing list yet, please stop by to write down your email. Thank you!, It's our anniversary :)! Come sing happy birthday to us and get some of our homemade tres leches cake!, Happy Birthday to us: on Monday we turn six years old in our little gas station location :D!!! Come for cake & hugs friends!, Cooking our best seller SALSA for latter opn my friends....see you at our place ...mmmhhh..!!!!!., In three days our SIXTH anniversary at the little gas station will be celebrated, how time flies when you're enjoying it! Thank you!!!, Three apples changed the world:...EVE's; NEWTON's, and STEVE JOBS'
REST IN PEACE.....WITH A LOT OF APPLES IN HEAVEN....THANKS...!!!!, how is your middle of the day of the middle of the week going friends? ;), Need a pick me up on this wet Tuesday? Well, here are two! Come get tasty treat leches cake or celebrate National Taco Day with some loaded tacos ;D!, Another wet week my friends? No problem, come and enjoy a sunny burritos...!!! Have a wonderful bright week!!!!, Getting ready for Harvard University's catering.....What about yours my frirnds...??, It is such a nice sunny day! I am having an egg and chorizo breakfast burrito. What are youuuu having today??? It's all yummy!, Good morning my friends: Ask Matt-NECN...NICE WEATHER!! Ask me....NICE FOOD!!!.. YUMMY...I am waiting for youuuu....!!!, Happy Friday!!! Come by for your start of the weekend treat ;), My dears we are participating in this event THIS Thursday, if you're free join us for the fun :) http://www.menofboston.com/, Another day my friends, get ready for our yummy food that is ready!, Good morning my friends: we wish you a wonderful lovely week full of love, best wishes, nice tacos, excellent salsa, Best BURRITOS, come and share all your happiness with us :), what a week my dears! I hope you are all happy it's Friday, and if you'd like to watch something different as you leave work, check us out our video and tell us what you think :)! http://www.youtube.com/dellbusiness?x=us_entries_331_, VIVA MEXICO! and viva burritos to celebrate Mexican Independence Day!, http://www.youtube.com/dellbusiness?x=us_entries_331 scroll down to the bottom of the page and see our entry! What do you think?, My dears food is ready! See you soon :), My dears we are open tomorrow at 9a.m. and hope you had a wonderful Labor Day weekend!, Happy Friday! After such an eventful week we're looking forward to the last weekend of summer! Please take note we will be CLOSED on Monday for Labor Day :), My friends we have good news from tofay's court meeting, please lookout for an email update! Thank you :), Hope you have a happy Wednesday :) we're getting ready for lunch and tomorrow's hearing. We'll keep you updated friends, This is a very important and tough week for us, thank you for coming by and sharing your supportive comments my friends :) and happy back to school too, we're preparing to close early my dears so if you want food come on over! :), thank you my friends for reading our message yesterday and for all your continued encouragement and support, come by to eat meanwhile :), News on our move for you my dears, please read: http://conta.cc/nd04Ep, kiddos:.....chorizo is ready...!!!! I'll see you here....!!!!, Happy Friday my friends! Please stay tuned for an email update, "Best Taqueria in an Unusual Location" from El Planeta, Have been having a great hump day, how about you?!, Ready for a spicy beef burrito with sour cream? Alright, we'll be ready for you ;), Julie's on Facebook too now: http://www.facebook.com/profile.php?id=100002795116958&sk=wall add me if you want! , stay dry my friends! And did you know? You can call in your order for pick up or rowdy up the office so we can deliver it to you if you're located in Boston!, Hope you're having a wonderful weekend!, happy Friday! let's make it more sweet with delicious tres leches cake, a FREE slice with two works burritos!, so friends, please remember: 617-957-0725 ONLY for your call-in orders :) thank you!, guess what???? we can take credit cards now!!! :D!, good morning! we're making fresh watermelon water for your lunch :), thanks to El Planeta! http://best.elplaneta.com/thebest/2011/editors-picks/best-taquer%C3%ADa-in-an-unusual-location, calling to place an order? Please call: 6179570725 only!!! Talk soon!, null, our lovely little friend Anna singing :), Our friend Franco, from Dolce Vita Ristorante, celebrating with Julie :)
(http://www.yelp.com/biz/dolce-vita-ristorante-boston-2), thank you for the birthday love!, yay, it's Thursday! let's get you ready for the weekend early with more FREEbies! Get watermelon water when you w a works burrito :), I've got FREE mole burrito, spicy with guac for the first person that claims it. It's totally fine but our client can't have gluten!, way too many bananas in here! Get a burrito, mention this and get free banana licuado today! Right now! C'moooon down!, we're waiting to hear about an editor's pick article in Spanish ;) happy, happy!, had a wonderful weekend, thank you all :) it's hot again, so why not have chorizo to keep up with the weather for lunch?! see you here ;), have a wonderful weekend and thank you for your birthday love!!! pictures to come :)!, one day to cake Friday! ;), null, Hello lovely people! 
(This is Julie's daughter writing)
I wanted to invite you to share some surprise cake THIS Friday, starting at 3p.m., at our business for my Julie's birthday.

It's nothing formal, rather a casual celebration of my mom's birthday, which falls on July 30th.

Hopefully we'll see you!, the Hubway bikes start rolling romorrow, hope you'll bike to us! because when you get a "works" burrito we'll give you free tres leches cake ;)!, 
You're Invited to Julie's Birthday! http://conta.cc/oZhnHq
, keep an eye on your email for a special message today! it involves birthday caaaake!, it's been a busy Monday already but we're waiting to see YOU! :), it's going to be hot today! remember to wear sun block and get lots of water! we'll have tap on request of needed :), It's looking like it will be another great beach weekend, order your salsa ready for those seaside nibbles!, it's the middle of the week! making plans for Friday already? come share them, see you at lunch :), we went to Crane beach this weekend and had a great time getting sunburned! Ready to tackle this week and serve you the good stuff :D!, it's Friday!!! and it's not raining!!! see you at lunch and dinner :D!!!, happy Tuesday! oh wait, it's Wednesday :o it's just one of those weeks!, good morning my dears! hope you had a good weekend, the last of pink sweet tamales are up for grabs! see you at lunch :), good mooorning! see you at luuunch!!!, Back to the grind tomorrow my dears and ready to serve you with my own Momma visiting! See you bright and early!, happy 4th of July!!!, my dears we will be closed from today until Wednesday July 5th because I'm getting some work done! not cosmetic, just on my knee ;) please come by on Thursday and have a happy 4th!, we will have a special 4th of July schedule so please stay tuned my dears :), it's a great Monday! I got a haircut and we're shooting a clip for the "How to Heroes" cooking site ;)!, iiiiit's Friday!!! wohoo!, one day away from Friday! how are you doing today?, I'm finishing the chorizo today but the sweet pink tamales we tried came out GREAT!!! just like at home :) swing by if you wanna try one!, good morning por la morning! have a happy "hump" day my dears and remember that it's officially summer!, happy first day of sumerrrr!!!, good morning and happy Monday! hope you have a great start to the week. we've made tres leches cake if you want some for lunch :), my dears, you were hungry and happy today and now we gotta cook some more! Please note we are closing at 5pm to shop and prepare again :), "Bruinsrritos" a hot item on the menu today ;) see you here!, enjoy the parade everybody, be safe! :), happy Friday my dear! get your rain boots and go dance in the rain!, good morning my dears and congratulations Bruins!!!! a very great job and a team that deserves this title :)!, let's gooooo Bruins!!! we've got all you need to snack during the game so see you here!, good morning my dears! let's keep the Bruins spirit going and wear our shirts today! if you come in wearing one you'll get a free taco w your order :) mention this post!, you got spirit? we do too! come in wearing a Bruins shirt and get a free chicken or beef taco with your order! see you here :), ready to rumble! see you for lunch!, fyi: my dears we were swiped out yesterday, going to the supply shop and opening at 10am today please! thank you :), Are you going to the White Party? We are, see you there?! http://bhcivic.org/shop/index.htm, so happy the Bruins won, and by 8 goals!!!! Let's see another win tomorrow :D!, hello and good Monday morning! there's a "white dress party" Friday we're looking forward to, what's about you?, this is a funny story my baby found: http://bit.ly/cupcakebombs good idea police!, hoping people affected by the tornado are doing better, and wishing you a happy sunny Thursday :), by the way, we have pineapple, cantaloupe, and lime fresh fruit waters ;)!, good morning! We are back in the grind, all healthy and ready for the sun. See you at lunch!, I'm sorry my dears but both Bessie and I have light food poisoning and will close early today, going to see our friends at MGH., we are looooving this week!!!! How are you my dears? happy Thursday :D!, warm wednesday, great with a cucumber and lime water!, buenos dias!!! have a happy Monday and disregard the rain, I give you some salsa to spice up your day instead :), happy Friday my friends! come by to try my GuacaSalsa! made with fresh tomatillos and avocados :), ready for the weekend?! well the Beacon Hill garden tour is today, try to join it and then swing for a burrito! Both are great :), http://amproductionlog.tumblr.com/ One of our friends goes to Tufts and did a documentary about Villa Mexico for her senior project! It's wonderful :) Thank you Arianna! Now, where should we show it?!, if you're in Beacon Hill today, come by and show us this post in your phone to get FREE fresh fruit water!, do you like or use Square? we might get it, what do you think?, get ready for some fresh fruit cantaloupe water! Come oooon by!, hope you had a great day yesterday and enjoyed the Mexican sweets! catering for Harvard today, did you know we accommodate groups from 10 to 200? just in case you need fiesta food ;)!, happy cinco de Mayo :) remember to get your FREE sweet treat with your purchase today!, tres leches cake, fresh fruit waters ready and FREE Mexican sweets for you tomorrow! see you at lunch :), we've got local pineapple and cantaloupe for fresh fruit waters today! naturally sweet and refreshing, see you at lunch!, if you're having a party Thursday take advantage of this deal: a DOZEN tamales for $20! Regularly $3.25 each :), get a check-in deal right now! https://foursquare.com/venue/45079 and check our month deals too on our Updates album!, happy Friday! enjoy the sun and perhaps try a lime water :), tomorrow is the royal wedding! I just want to see them kiss :), the clouds just don't seem to give us a break. Call ahead for pick up or delivery in Beacon Hill with $20 orders dears!, are you graduating? Do you want a delicious lunch that's still affordable? Well let me know when you're looking, because we're booking this May up! Get details on packages by emailing us villamexicocafe@gmail.com, my dears we will be closed from 4-5:30 now, today, for an inspection meeting (all is ok). please take note and see you at dinner!, hope you had a great weekend! We've got some tasty chorizo and guac tacos to keep that weekend feeling going ;), We hope you have a happy Easter if you celebrate my friends, and a lovely weekend all the same! See you bright and early on Monday :), My friends, we will CLOSE EARLY these days! Tonight at 7p.m., tomorrow at 6p.m. and Saturday at 6p.m. Thank you!, the week is almost over and it's a sunny day! looking forward to helping you at lunch and making fresh guac now, come by to choose the lucky Easter egg and get free food! we're playing until Saturday :), Morning my dears! Salsa jars are ready at the counter if you'd like to give an Easter present this Sunday ;), have a happy Tuesday dears! We've got some tasty tacooos for you :), if YOU run the marathon tomorrow good luck my friends! come by with your medal at night or during the week for free celebratory salsa ok :)!, happy Thursday! it's sunny out and we're ready to serve you, so see you at lunch!, friends we will have surprise Easter eggs for free THIS Saturday, many of you travel next week, so please come with the kids... or just act like a kiddo to get one :)!, so at east it's not raining! We have yummy salsa that can spice up your day even more :), my friends I'm so happy :) one of our customers just got discharged from MGH after being there for months. Whenever he woke up after a treatment he wanted to eat a cheese quesadilla. Just now he came by to thank us for the food and the support, and  say goodbye before heading home. Good luck my dear Joseph, you and your family are a blessing!, good morning! although its raining it feels warm outside :D!!!, did you know we're on Foursquare and run specials with free things?! That's right! Check in next time :) http://foursquare.com/venue/45079, good morning! hope you had a great weekend, come by for some burritos to ease these Monday blues :), just a reminder friends: we are closed today, Saturday April 2, due to a private event! thank you and see you Monday at 9am!!!, My friends we will be closed TOMORROW, get your salsa fix today! Thank you for understanding and have a wonderful weekend :)!, it's almost Friday! and it's getting warmer too, alleluia!, have a great weekend friends! Remember to start trying the aguas frescas as more fruit gets in this season :)!, this weather is still crazy, remember to keep getting vitamin C to avoid a cold!, we're bringing you spring since spring is still late to come, lime fresh fruit water is ready!, well, rainy spring :s!, hello burrito people! we will be closing early due to a catering today (3-19) so please come by before 7pm! :), happy Friday everybody! Hope you had fun yesterday ;), please take a moment to vote for Villa Mexico, skip to finish, and enter your email to be counted in :) http://bit.ly/hXAXRI thank you!, we didn't know this had been going for a while but it ends on Thursday (!?) please vote for us if you have time http://bit.ly/hXAXRI :), today's guacamole is pretty damn delicious if I may say so, freshness is a flavor!, Today was a good Saturday morning, sunny and slowly looking more like spring :) Sides of salsa going now, maybe people are  bundling up at home now that it's chilly!, what a beautiful day! walk on over to say hi :)!, remember you can follow us and chat with us on Twitter @VillaMexicoCafe, checn in through Foursquare and e-mail us at VillaMexicoCafe@gmail.com!, good morning and happy Monday, have a good week!, Taco Tuesday! see you here!, happy Friday and enjoy the sunny day!, hope you had a good "hump day" dears! ready tomorrow to continue a busy week and maybe getting a new "mayor" from foursquare!, such a great start of the week with Valentine's yesterday. Still have some free chocolate if you'd like to come for some :), did you know you can e-mail us your lunch/group/office food orders??? That's right, write to villamexicocafe@gmail.com with a phone number included and we'll call you to check the order and set a pick up time. Easy and fast!, well bundle up, we've got salsa and deeelicious chorizo ready to help you!, such a beautiful sunny day! Gear up for the upcoming snow by walking over to visit us, enjoy the sun while it's here for sure, We are excited to tell you w. are selling the salsa on-line! Visit our site and get some delivered http://villamexicocafe.com :)!, FYI!  we will be opening late tomorrow in order to shovel ourselves out of home in the suburbs! Please start coming by at noon my friends :), do you want a yummy, fast and affordable lunch burrito? Well we got it for you! Try the $5.50 burrito ASAP!, hello and happy week ahead! Remember we're taking salsa jar orders in case you'd like to send anyone a "love-ly" gift next month :), did you know you can "check in" when you visit us? Yes! We are on Facebook Places: http://on.fb.me/VillaMexicoPlaces  , we're getting ready for Valentine's Day.... !, make sure you get ready for the storm! Get your shovels, salt and supplies ready. That includes salsa and chips ;), Happy holidays my dears, I hope you have a wonderful Christmas and New Year's!!!! Thank you for your business :), we made Tres Leches cake (three milks cake) so come try it!, its cold! but we have hot salsa! it balances out :), we've been getting a lot of questions about this and, NO we are NOT moving anywehre dears! The store is NOT getting closed and when it comes time to move somewhere esle we WILL let you know in advance ok! Don't worry :), short and sweet!, ooooh, our tamales show up on Time Out Boston's beta restaurant gallery page! Can't wait for the full article http://bit.ly/ftImsM , we hope you had a great Thanksgiving weekend! We have some $20 salsa jars for those in your holiday present list and $1.50 sweet breads for you! :), You liked it so much that tomorrow we'll have more sweet bread! Different shape, style, but same sweet taste, come by for one :)!, Order your 36oz jars of salsa to take home for the holidays, we'll be taking orders all week :), check out our renovated website! We like the new Catering and Press sections a lot :) http://www.villamexicocafe.com, please vote for my @VillaMexicoCafe on City Voter: http://boston.cityvoter.com/villa-mexico/biz/159556 please vote for us!, Well now you can get  a FREE taco wen you buy a regular order of tacos :) Chicken, pork or beef, you'll get 3 for the price of 2! Just mention this status!, Remember: FREE tamal when you buy a burrito & mention this tweet, AND FREE sugar skull decorating for day of the dead Sat :), we're also being voted on by the city of Boston for "best burrito" feel free to log on check this Website, and vote for us :), null, null, We're ready to cater your Dia de Muertos event with hot chocolate, sweet bread and decorations, check out our deals!, null, FREE tamal when you purchase your burrito! Just mentione you saw this on Facebook ;), remember how we said we had an announcement? Well here it goes: Our homemade salsa will be sold on-line by end of month! Ready for holidays!, http://bos.to/Villa, nice video :)!, $2 tamales? Yes it's true, come get yours! And also try the Mole tamales, Free salsa and chips, tamale dinners raffle, music and smiles, come celebrate with us :)!, All day tomorrow: free salsa and chips in the shop, raffling tamales and
 lovely decorations and music. Come celebrate Mexican Independence Day 
with us :)!, Mexican Independence Day is coming up and we're excited! We have a contest and a surprise for you on Monday :)!, it's a long weekend and we will be closed on Monday! Make sure you get 
your salsa and food to avoid facing this hurricane weather later!, had a great birthday! Thank you for the wishes and flowers :), It's my birthday! Swing by to share cake and hugs :), so excited, we got a really nice story on The Banner today http://baystatebanner.com/local17-2010-07-15 :)!, http://notfortourists.com/LD.aspx/Boston/Restaurants/Villa-Mexico-Cafe, http://thephoenix.com/boston/Food/59186-VILLA-MeXICO-CAFe/, http://www.boston.com/lifestyle/food/articles/2010/04/14/good_meals_unexpected_at_a_boston_gas_station_a_church_east_boston_and_quincy/, http://www.boston.com/ae/food/restaurants/articles/2008/06/18/small_space_big_taste/, http://www.yelp.com/biz/villa-mexico-boston, null)