List(null, null, null, null, This is my favorite time of year! I am so pleased to announce that for the winter season we will have Peppermint syrup available for all of your coffee beverages. My favorite is the peppermint mocha. Don't forget to ask for whipped cream!, null, We're still taking pie orders for Thanksgiving and have three pick-up days before the holiday! Stop by the shop or call to place your order!, null, With the holidays fast approaching, don't forget that we have gift cards available in any denomination., null, null, null, The Peanut Butter Croissant is my new guilty pleasure., Have you ever wished that we had more types of croissants? We'll, your wish has been granted! Stop by tomorrow to try and of our 10+ new flavors., We are now taking orders for Thanksgiving pies! Call the store or stop in to place your order. Pumpkin, Apple, and Pecan available. Ask about available pick-up dates., null, null, Tomato Bisque and A Grilled Cheese sounds fantastic today! Thankfully , we have both!, null, null, I've just made your lunch decision 20 times easier., Have you heard about our new promotion? Grab your lunch when you stop in to get your morning coffee!, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, We have an AWESOME special sandwich available today!, Pumpkin Spice Macarons will be our special flavor of the season. Enjoy them this fall!, We have a surprise coming your way! Can you guess what flavor we're cooking up?, null, ChickenCordin Bleu Croissants a refresh to the counter today only!, Stephanie Cmar stopped by the kitchen this morning and was sweet enough to leave a few if her mouth-watering donuts. Stop by to grab one!, null, We have Potato Chedder Soup as the Soup du Jour!, Sweet and Salty French Baked Donuts are on the counter. These pair perfectly with a coffee!, Cream Puffs are new to the pastry case today. They're available in lemon, strawberry, and chocolate, Are you looking to try a new croissant? We have spinach and cheddar ones available today!, Fresh out of the ove and brand new to the menu are these Lemon Poppyseed Muffins!, I don't think I've ever seen Bear Claw this good looking!, Fresh berry tarts are oh so summery., The oranges have been zested! Can't wait to turn the these in to our fabulous Cranberry Orange Scones!, I need to thank our chef, Adam, for my new addiction to Siracha mayo! This sandwich is only available for a limited time!, There's a new favorite animal in my life,it's this Baby Alligator pastry. My first time eating alligator and it was yummy!, Have you checked out our Instagram? Www.instagram.com/breadbutterboston 
It's definitely worth a look!, On a scale of1-America, how amazing does this apple pie look? Come in for a slice and ask for some whipped cream on top!, Our Napoleon's are back and they are nothing short of heavenly!, We're having the best time with Stephanie Cmar and the Stacked Donuts crew! There's still an hour left to come and see us!, They've started coming out of the fryer! What flavor of Stacked Donut are you going to get?, We had so much fun catering a HUGE block party in Cambridge, today!! Give us a call if you're in need of any catering!, There are some new bars among our assortment!, Our Soup of The Day is a Chilled Cucumber and Dill. BONUS, it's gluten free!, So many wonderfully summery macaroons available!, Our Apricot Pockets are exploding with walnuts, cinnamon, and the most delicious apricot jam., Don't these Danish look delicious? They're available in apple, pastry cream, apricot jam, and raspberry jam., Red Velvet Whoopie Pies are on the menu today! We're open until 8pm! Come in and grab one!, Are you looking to cool off? Try one of our refreshing Sparkling Italian Sodas. Available in Raspberry, Mango, and Pomegranate., Come in to try our new Mandel Breads, available in Chocolate Chip and Almond. Perfect for dipping in coffee!, Did you know that you can get Bread+Butter delivered through Dining In? You don't even need to leave the office to get all of your favorites!, Have you seen our new kid's menu? Plenty of things for the kiddo's to try!, Apricot filled butter cookies are new to the menu today and they are delicious!, Today fresh ingredients, tomorrow fresh chilled gazpacho!, This weekend's chef choice cookie: Soft and chewy NUTELLA!, Come in to celebrate our one year anniversary with delicious made to order strawberry shortcakes and mixed berry galettes!, Soup of the Day: kale linguisa, Happy Anniversary to us! In appreciation, the first 50 customers receive a complimentary small brew coffee on Monday, May 26th! Remember, hours are 10-6pm!, Come celebrate summer with our delicious and fresh mixed berry galettes and made to order strawberry shortcakes!, Join us for brunch on Memorial Day! Our hours for Monday are 10am-6pm!, https://www.facebook.com/pages/ChalkBOS/634944609887452, Sunday is upon us and in full swing. Breakfast is continuing to be served until 1pm today. Our lunch menu is available now as well. The Soup du Jour today is a tomato vegetables with brown rice.

Our  limited time holiday baked goods are available as well. Today we have our Chocolate Espresso Buche de Noel, sliced to order @2.95. Whole cakes can be ordered as well for the upcoming holiday. Also, our ginger snaps, chocolate barks,  biscotti and candy cane sugar cookies our available by the bag. Join us in the bakery today and grab them for stocking stuffers  your loved ones., Don't forget, Sugarplum:

Holiday Orders are still being accepted until December 21st. We have a delectable line up of specialty holiday treats and gift baskets, as well as our classic baked goods and tarts for the sweet ending to a wonderful holiday season. 

Pick ups for most Holiday Orders begin December 23rd and continue until closing the evening of December 24th. 

Come in  and see us or or call us today and place your order.
617-248-6900, Well the weather outside is frightful...

But here at Bread+Butter, things are nice and hot (cocoa that is..)

Our house prepared cocoa is topped with our pastry chef's vanilla bean marshmallow stars upon request. 

Bring your loved ones and stop in tonight. Share the warmth., XMAS LIST:

Pecan rolls ✅
Sour cream coffee cake ✅
Chocolate Cream Pie ✅
Vanilla Buche de Noel ✅
Peppermint Bark ✅

Get all this plus more for your holiday get togethers! Ask to see our variety of products available for all your tasty needs., They are here!!

Just in time for the holidays.

Bread+Butter gift cards are in. 

Pick them up for someone special today., We hope everyone is enjoying the North End holiday parade going on now. Come warm up with us after the festivities with a made to order Hot Cocoa topped with house prepared marshmallows. We also have a roasted chicken orzo soup for today' Soup du Jour. 

We are open until 6 pm tonight., Brighten any hot beverage with these soft and creamy homemade vanilla bean marshmallow kisses., Take a break from your holiday shopping. Come enjoy a fresh Orange Cardamom Roll paired with a Chai Tea, or our Pecan Roll smothered in buttery glazed pecans, paired with a vanilla latte, made to order by our espresso bar staff.

For you late sleepers, Breakfast is served until 1 pm day. Lunch begins at eleven and we've got specialty quiches and a French Onion soup today as well as our classic New England Clam Chowder. And of course, our Ham and Cheese Croissants and Queens Pastries are flying out the door. Grab one before they are gone. We are open today until 6 pm.

 Happy Sunday, Sick of thanksgiving leftovers? Come in for mouthwatering fresh baked pastries, hearty hot soups and delicious salads and sandwiches!, We hope everyone is staying dry today in Boston. For you last minute shoppers, we have a very limited number of fresh pies and tarts available, along with our daily baked pastries. Come by and snatch one up before they are all gone.

*Classic Apple Pie*Chocolate Cream Pie*Bourbon Pecan Pie*Pear Tart*Mini Fresh Fruit Tart*Raspberry Linzer*Apple Brenton*, Remember: today and tomorrow we are open until 7pm so we can assist you with your last minute Thanksgiving needs. Preordered Thanksgiving items can be picked up as early as today at noon., Warm up with us for lunch today. Our kitchen has prepared  fresh roasted butternut squash bisque for the Soup of the Day as well as our Clam Chowder.

The veggie quiche today is: spinach, tomato, olive, and red onion. For our meat lovers, we have a sausage, tomato, mushroom and spinach quiche., Come in out of the rain for hot and fresh French onion soup and creamy clam chowder!, Seasonal treats!, Thanksgiving order forms are now available. Stop by the bakery and pick one up today. The last day to order is Friday, November 22nd.  You can pick up your order as early as noon on 11/26., http://ow.ly/i/3BkDI, http://ow.ly/i/3mjDr #breadandbutter #pastry #delicious, null, Come by for lunch tomorrow! (Call and ask us about catering!), Pumpkin Tea Bread now available!, For those who don't twitter...freshly roasted #pumpkin. Come taste the homemade difference this week., "I make my own purée out of the roasted pumpkins. We'd never use anything out of a can."- #LeeNapoli has #pumpkin treats coming this week! http://ow.ly/i/3hyvl, Follow us on twitter for promotions and deals like this one!, Limited availability: Almond Plum Tarte, Are you a morning person? #breadandbutter #letushelp http://ow.ly/i/3ccfi, Meet Chris, one of the talented people behind your #fresh and #delicious sandwiches and salads!, Come enjoy this beautiful weather with us! #nofilter, You wanted Twice Baked Brioche, and you got it! We'll let you know when they come out of the oven in the morning. #TGIF #bakery #delicious, Good Morning Early Birds! Follow us on twitter to find out when today's specials are ready for sale. @BreadButterBos, null, null, Follow us on twitter @breadbutterbos or Instagram breadbutterboston, George Howell Coffee gets a shout-out from Serious Eats!, Chocolate Cardamom Cake, What a wonderfully flattering article.  We are blushing & overwhelmed by such kind words!, Ham + Cheese Croissants, Woo-hoo! A guy proposed to his gal outside of B+B and she said yes!! Congratulations!, ChocoLee Chocolates at Bread + Butter, Check us out on Urban Daddy!, null, GINGER BROWN BUTTER PEAR TART, Man came in for one. So good he came back for ten! Who wants the last one?!, Fresh Fruit Tart, Hand-Formed Ham + Cheese Croissants, Pecan Rolls!, We will be opening tomorrow at 7am!, Bread + Butter by Lee Napoli is now hiring all positions., A little something about us., Excited to be offering George Howell Terroir Coffee!)