List(Grilled Quail, Maine Shrimp, Swiss Chard & Artichoke  |  A sneak peek from the new lunch menu, launching next week!  Beginning April 6th, join us for lunch Wednesday - Friday from 11:30am - 2pm., Join us on Sunday beginning at 4pm for a special four-course Easter prix fixe menu, available in addition to our seasonal a la carte and tasting menus!  Please call 617.737.0099 to reserve in the dining room or swing on by the Gold Bar.
http://www.mentonboston.com/#easter-sunday, We've got some big news... Lunch launches at Menton beginning Wednesday, April 6th!  Thanks for helping us spread the word, Eater Boston!  http://boston.eater.com/2016/3/14/11222104/menton-weekday-lunch, Some of team Barbara Lynch Gruppo are across the pond, visiting our namesake seaside town of Menton!  Located on the French Riviera near the Italian border, there's much to see, eat and be inspired by.  Here are a few highlights of their visit:, Burgers & Boilermakers at Drink sounds like a surefire way to make your Sunday afternoon a fun one -- Mark your calendars for March 20th!, Thanks for the shout out, Best of Boston --  A few seats are still available for tomorrow's demonstration dinner, join us for an evening of armchair travel to the Alps!

http://www.bestofboston.com/best-of-the-week-january-25-29-2016/, Inspired by winter citrus, chef Nate Pane created a menu that's too good not to share.  We're offering Citrus & Seafood exclusively for events reserved in our private dining room beginning next week, please contact events@mentonboston.com for more information!, We're more than a little excited for Sunday's snow to provide the perfect backdrop to enjoy Stir on the Road: Après Ski, a high-altitude Alpine cooking & dining experience in the warmth of Menton's kitchen.  617.737.0099 to reserve.

http://www.mentonboston.com/apres-ski, null, The next best thing to an Alpine getaway, join us to explore the rich cuisine of the Alps at Stir on the Road, Après-Ski!  Just a few seats are left and space is limited - call us today to reserve your spot, 617.737.0099.

http://www.mentonboston.com/#stir-on-the-road-at-menton, Though our dining room is closed for normal dinner service on Sundays, Mondays and Tuesdays in January, our elegant Private Dining Room and Chef's Table are available for events seven days a week!  Please contact us at events@mentonboston.com for more information.  Photos courtesy of @susiecushner, Happy 2016!  We're closed tonight in observance of New Year's Day but hope to see you for dinner tomorrow., In observance of Christmas we'll be closed tomorrow and Friday, reopening for dinner on Saturday, December 26th.  Wishing you and yours a very #HappyHoliday!, Wednesday just got a whole lot merrier!, It's not too late to make your holiday spread effortless and bountiful with an order from The Butcher Shop [ http://ow.ly/W39EM ]  OR find the perfect gift for the gourmand on your list at #MentonSHOP [ http://ow.ly/W3ajf ] --> Holiday stress = managed!, The proof is in the pudding... or the numbers, in this case.  Proud to make La Liste of America's Best Restaurants!  http://time.com/4146633/la-liste-10-best/, Hard to believe that New Year's Eve is less than two weeks away!  We're gearing up for a year-end fête on the 31st paying homage to the art, music and literature of 1920's Paris.  Sip and savor your way through a decadent tasting menu in the dining room or swing by the Gold Bar for celebratory Champagne and snacks (our NYE tasting menu is also available all evening in the Gold Bar!).  This will be a night you'd be remiss to miss, we hope to see you there!  Please call 617.737.0099 to reserve or visit our website for more information, http://ow.ly/VUDxy, Selected by #JamesBeardAward winning Executive Wine Director #CatSilirie and used in only a handful of restaurants around the world, @ZaltoUSA #glassware enhances every aspect of the wine drinking experience.  Beginning TOMORROW, these gorgeous glasses will be available on our online #MentonSHOP along with a  curated selection of beautiful items from our favorite producers and artisans.  Here's why we love #Zalto http://ow.ly/Vvjxn 
 #HappyShopping #HolidayGiftIdeas #ZaltoGlassware, A long-time favorite of Chef @barbaralynchBOS , Boston-based designer Shannon Reed's chic chef ware is inspired by utilitarian design and worn by some of the world's most celebrated chefs.  Just in time for the holiday season, get or gift your own @wearSReed apron from our online #MentonSHOP beginning Monday, December 7th!  
#ChefWare #ShannonReed #HolidayGiftIdeas #HappyShopping #MadeInBoston, Join us to ring in the New Year with a festive evening paying homage to 1920's Paris.   Wave goodbye to 2015 and say hello to 2016 while you sip and savor your way through a decadent tasting menu.  Please call 617.737.0099 to reserve!  For menu details and more information: http://ow.ly/VoFQU, We're opening our kitchen and chef's table, inviting guests in for a very special series of @StirBoston -inspired cooking demonstration dinners this January.  Join Menton chefs, wine professionals, and captains at #StirOnTheRoad for an interactive hour of cooking, tasting, and learning before being seated at the adjacent chef's table for a front row seat to watch the kitchen in action.  Reserve today by calling 617.737.0099.  Happy #BlackFriday! 

http://ow.ly/V4NSP, We're opening our kitchen and chef's table, inviting guests in for a very special series of @StirBoston -inspired cooking demonstration dinners this January.  Join Menton chefs, wine professionals, and captains at #StirOnTheRoad for an interactive hour of cooking, tasting, and learning before being seated at the adjacent chef's table for a front row seat to watch the kitchen in action.  Reserve today by calling 617.737.0099.  Happy #BlackFriday! 

http://ow.ly/V4NSP, Happy Thanksgiving from our table to yours.  We're closed today for the holiday, but hope to see you for dinner tomorrow!  Photo: @wecphotos, Thanks for the shoutout, Thrillist!  We're in great company, congrats to our fellow #trailblazers.
https://www.thrillist.com/eat/boston/the-13-most-important-restaurants-in-boston, So excited to continue Truffle Week on Congress Street!  Come by Menton for a 5 course white truffle luxury tasting, delicious bigoli pasta at Sportello, or truffles on the burger or any food item downstairs at Drink!, A behind-the-scenes look at Chef Scott and the Menton team at our #BeardHouse dinner, inspired by our namesake town on the French-Italian border.  Thanks James Beard Foundation for hosting us and Jeff Gurwin for the photos!, Mark your calendars for Truffle Week at Congress Street. https://www.zagat.com/b/boston/10-cant-miss-november-food-events-in-boston, Check out our chef de cuisine Scott Jones cooking steak and sunflowers on WHDH!, Romance is in the air at Menton!  https://www.giadaweekly.com/issue110/Tables-for-Two, Menton's signature Zalto glassware, handblown by Austrian monks. http://boston.eater.com/2015/10/13/9519111/cocktail-glassware-gallery-backbar-brick-mortar-la-brasa, Unfortunately, Menton will be without phone service for the next several hours. We may assist you via email at info@mentonboston.com and reservations can be made on Open Table.  We apologize for any inconvenience and look forward to speaking with you again soon!, null, Thanks for the shout out Zagat!  We hope to see everyone at the Gold Bar soon!, Soak up the last of the season's New England sunshine while sipping Beaujolais and sampling local Night Shift brews!, We are honored to host No. 9 Park Bar Manager, Ryan Lotz as a guest bartender TONIGHT at #MentonGoldBar!, Thank you to everyone that celebrated our beloved pairing of Champagne & butter last night!  Special thanks to Diane St. Clair for traveling to Boston and sharing her gorgeous butter with us - see you again in 2016..., We couldn't be more excited to host Diane St. Clair of Animal Farm's artisanal butter TONIGHT as part of our Champagne & Butter event!  Butter and bubbles, what could be better?!, Champagne & Butter is TOMORROW with celebrated butter artisan Diane St. Clair - reserve your seat now! 617-737-0099, Check out where Menton Gold Bar's own Nick Ferguson & John Gertsen like to kick back and enjoy a cold one..., Don't miss our Champagne & Butter event on September 15th!, We have finalized the menu for our anticipated dinner of Champagne & Butter with celebrated farmer and butter artisan Diane St. Clair - Join us on September 15th!, Thrillist says to check us out right now... see you tonight!, Team Menton tasting the 2014 Maestracci Corse Calvi Rosé "E Prove" alongside various tomatoes from Siena Farms, and discussing how the acidity and sweetness of fruit influences our choice of wine pairings - how fun!, Come taste Chef Barbara's butter soup at #MentonGoldBar tonight!, null, Guest bartending tonight at #MentonGoldBar is... Ezra Star, GM of Drink!  Stop by, say hi, and taste our foie gras frankfurter, yum!, Come taste one of Boston's flagship flavors - our Tart of Foie Gras!, We're excited to unveil our new website! Visit us for Chefs Barbara Lynch & Scott Jones' Summer menus, #MentonGoldBar cocktails, and gorgeous photography by Wayne E. Chinnock Photos, Satisfy your sweet tooth @MentonBoston!  #MentonGoldBar
Photos courtesy of Wayne Chinnock Photography, It's Friday - shake things up tonight and enjoy a cocktail at #MentonGoldBar!, null, Executive Wine Director Cat Silirie & @ChefScottLJones collaborating on new Summer menu wine pairings for #MentonGoldBar!  Come visit us tonight!, Taste Chefs Barbara Lynch & Scott Jones Summertime menu - Jonah crab, halibut, caviar, oh my!  Photos courtesy of Wayne Chinnock, null, Sipping on a French 75 at #MentonGoldBar.. What are you doing tonight?, Chefs Barbara Lynch & Scott Jones shimmering in gold at #MentonGoldBar! Be a part of our opening night TONIGHT!, It is all happening... TONIGHT at #MentonGoldBar!, A martini should be perfect.  Experience #MentonGoldBar tomorrow and toast to our opening day!, Thanks MKS Knife for our ice knife!  #MentonGoldBar is going to be serving up some fancy cocktails with our new bling blade!  2 more days..., Chefs Barbara Lynch & Scott Jones finalizing the bar menu for #MentonGoldBar.  So close you can almost taste it...3 more days until we're open!, null, Front of house open house @no9parkBOS on 7/10 @ 12-2pm!, null, 4 days to go... #MentonGoldBar, Chef Scott Jones testing out new menu items for #MentonGoldBar!  5 days and counting until the Gold Bar's premier.., Welcome back to Boston John Gertsen!  #MentonGoldBar, Giallo Sienna, a rare Italian marble is currently being fabricated for our new bar top!  We're told that it is the last remaining slab displaying the gorgeous gold veining that you see below - the quarry now produces marble with darker, amber hues.  Everything that glitters at Menton must be gold...  #MentonGoldBar, So proud of our team being voted best service in Boston!  Thank you Zagat!, Thank you for joining us for our Champagne and Hot Dogs pop up events. Hope to see you all again when we re-open with the Gold Bar in July!, We are currently closed and will reopen in July with the unveiling of Menton's Gold Bar ... get excited!  We started construction today on our glam cocktail bar created with @ChefScottLJones, @barbaralynchBOS, @jgertsen, and Cat Silirie!   #MentonGoldBar, You can try Menton's much talked about foie gras hot dog TONIGHT at our final Champagne & Hot Dogs pop-up event!  9:00pm - 12:00am, no reservations necessary!, Welcome to Boston Terry Theise!  With Terry Theise, wine aficionado, in town this week our staff was lucky enough to host him for a special tasting of the 2013 Dönnhöff Riesling Grosses Gewachs "Felsenberg" - a Grand Cru wine from an estate that many agree makes the world's finest expressions of the Riesling grape., null, I’LL BÁNH-YOU IF YOU BÁNH-ME
sambal, daikon, cilantro

Hot Dogs and Champagne is TONIGHT!  9:00-midnight #unporked, "My tastes are simple, I am easily satisfied by the best."

2002 Pol Roger Cuvee Sir Winston Churchill Brut joins tomorrow's lineup, available by the glass and bottle.

Hot Dogs and Champagne is tomorrow!

June 20, 9:00-midnight.

#unporked, null, Thank you to all who joined us last night for our first Hot Dogs and Champagne pop-up event! Stay tuned for details on the next one.., Tomorrow is our Hot Dogs & Champagne Pop-up from 9pm-midnight. You don't want to miss it!, null, Hot Dog and Champagne Pop-up event is happening at Menton! Thursday, June 11th from 9pm-Midnight, no reservations necessary., Keep a look out for our Pop-up Hot Dog events happening in June! Follow us on Facebook, Twitter, and Instagram to get more info @MentonBoston, Our sister restaurant Stir will be holding a Stir Cookbook Sale with Trademark Tarts. This Saturday, May 9th at 11am!, Chef Barbara Lynch is listed as one of Boston's 50 most powerful people by Boston Magazine., One of our dishes was featured as one of the most visually exciting food! Thank you Grub Street!, From the Relais and Chateaux Gala Dinner on Thursday April 9th, 2015. Such a wonderful evening, portrayed beautifully by Brendan Mercure., Only one night until the Relais & Chateaux Grand Chef Gala Dinner at Menton! We're excited to welcome some of the the world's most influential chefs into our kitchen for what's sure to be a magical evening, organized as a benefit for the Barbara Lynch Foundation 
MORE INFO: www.barbaralynch.com, Thank you The Daily Meal for listing us amongst America's top 100 restaurants!, We are so excited to be hosting the Relais & Chateaux Grand Chef Gala dinner next week! 

We invite you to join us for the Relais & Chateaux Grand Chef Gala Fundraising Dinner, a once in a lifetime dining experience featuring some of America's brightest culinary talent, organized as a benefit for the Barbara Lynch Foundation. 

The exclusive five course dinner will be led by Chef Barbara Lynch and Scott Jones and prepared by three visiting Relais & Chateaux chefs: Gary Danko (Restaurant Gary Danko), Mark Ladner (Del Posto) & Michael White (Marea) and Michelin three-star chef Grant Achatz (Alinea).

Cat Silirie, our very own James Beard Foundation Award Winning Wine Director, will be selecting gorgeous wines to pair with the Grand Chefs' dishes, creating an over-the-top gastronomic experience! 

Relais & Chateaux Grand Chef Gala Dinner at Menton
Thursday, April 9, 2015
6:30pm Reception, 7:00pm Dinner

For further information, please visit www.barbaralynch.com, Toques & Tonic is a week away, and tickets are still available! Come join Chef Barbara Lynch and 30+ featured guest chefs for a great cause. 

For more info, visit our Barbara Lynch Gruppo website:
http://barbaralynch.com/

To purchase tickets, click on the link below:
https://explicabo-24008.ticketbud.com/toques-tonic/menton, Please vote for our sister restaurants No. 9 Park and The Butcher Shop in Munch Madness! Vote here: www.bostonglobe.com/munchmadness, Tonight we're unveiling a new menu format at Menton. It’s been months in development and we've never been this excited for what we have to offer you. We hope to see you soon!

Further details are now available on our website: www.mentonboston.com, Due to the snow Menton will be closed this evening.  Please check out the other Barbara Lynch Gruppo restaurants which are open tonight:
No.9 Park - Open (limited menu)
B&G Oysters - Open for regular service
The Butcher Shop - Open for regular service
Stir - Open for regular service
Drink - Open for regular service
Sportello - Open for regular service, Congrats to our very own Chef Scott Jones! He's an inspiration to work with and we're so proud!, There are a few spots available for our last Full Plate of 2014.  We are thrilled and honored to have Nancy Cushman, Co-Proprietor and Sake Sommelier of O Ya Restaurant as our guest speaker.  For reservations please call 617-737-0099. 

For more info visit: http://barbaralynch.com/full-plate-series/, We are so excited to have Adrianne Haslet-Davis, Ballroom dancer, former Fortune 500 corporate manager, and Boston marathon survivor speak at our Full Plate luncheon series tomorrow! Space is limited but please call 617-737-0099 for reservations. 
 
 
, Thank you to everyone who joined us for our Champagne and Butter dinner on Tuesday evening.  One of the standout dishes of the night was Chef Barbara's signature Butter Soup made with Diane St. Clair's exquisite butter., Our wine room is bursting with bubbles! One of the stars of tomorrow's Champagne and Butter Dinner! Call Menton at (617) 737-0099 to score one of the few seats that remain., Our Champagne & Butter Dinner is quickly approaching on Tuesday, September 16 and only a few seats remain!  Please call Menton at (617) 737-0099 for reservations.
http://mentonboston.com/menus/champagne-butter-dinner, This Friday we will be announcing the Taste of the Gruppo Tour winner. This winner will receive an amazing all-inclusive party for 15 guests around The Block at Drink. Stay tuned!, Tickets are still available!  Please call Menton at (617) 737-0099 for reservations., Wrapping up the last night of Unofficial Dine Out Boston with a handful of completed Taste of the Gruppo Tour cards!  Good luck to all of the participants!, Cheers to another week of our Unofficial Dine Out Boston! Come join us and our sister restaurants, B&G Oysters, Drink, Sportello, No. 9 Park,and  The Butcher Shop for Taste of the Gruppo Tour.  For reservations at Menton, please call 617-737-0099., Have you started your Taste Of The Gruppo Tour?  http://www.bostonmagazine.com/restaurants/blog/2014/08/19/taste-barbara-lynch-gruppo-tour/
, First Course off our #DineOutBoston Tasting Menu: Jonah Crab w/ Radish, Artichoke & Caviar., Unofficial Dine Out Boston has begun! Come join us and our sister restaurants for Taste of the Gruppo Tour. For reservations please call 617-737-0099. , The wine line up for our #DineOutBoston 5 Course Tasting Menu. #wine #tasting #menu #chef, Team Menton accepted the ALS Ice Bucket Challenge from our sister restaurant B&G Oysters. We now challenge our Fort Point Neighbors, Tavern Road, Pastoral - ARTisan Pizza, Kitchen & Bar, Row 34, Blue Dragon (Boston). You have 24 hours!, Tasting some beautiful Menćia wine to be added to our Tasting Menu this week! #wine #mencia #spain #grapes, Are you ready for the Taste Of The Gruppo Tour? Starts during #DineOutBoston2014 August 17-22 & 24-29. #blgruppo, null, New to the Tasting Menu! Diver Scallop Crudo w/ Wagyu, Rye & Caviar., Join us tomorrow at 11:30am for another installment of Full Plate Luncheon with Guest speaker Lauren Shortt, VP of Marketing at First Republic Bank. Contact us for more info and reservations!, null, null, null, Menton will be closed Thursday, July 3rd & Friday, July 4th in observation of the July 4th Holiday. We will reopen on Saturday, July 5th. Have A Wonderful & Safe 4th of July!!, Due to a small electrical fire Menton will be closed this evening. We look forward to opening tomorrow and appreciate your understanding. Please do not hesitate to call us tomorrow, 617-737-0099., Check out photos of our General Manager, Meredith Gallagher, from the Young Guns Class of 2014 Celebration in Los Angeles. 
, A HUGE Congrats to our General Manager, Meredith Gallagher for making the Top 16 Finalists of the 2014 Eater Young Guns!! http://eater.com/archives/2014/06/24/the-eater-young-guns-class-of-2014-revealed.php , Eater caught up with Chef Barbara Lynch in Aspen for the Food & Wine Classic. http://eater.com/archives/2014/06/20/barbara-lynch-aspen-2014.php, On Friday, our friend photographic artist, Asia Kepka, transformed the Chefs Table into the scene of the Last Supper for a beautifully composed art portrait. Shot on a large format camera, each shot had a 5 minute exposure. Asia names Peter Greenaway's "The Cook, The Thief, His Wife and Her Lover" as the key inspiration for enrolling in art school. It was wonderful to see the staging of her set! Chef Scott assisted the shoot by ordering in octopus, a pigs head, tile fish and seasonal fruit and vegetables to be used as food props. It was a lot of fun and we can't wait to see the finished result! Be sure to visit her website to learn more! http://www.asiakepka.com, Congratulations to our General Manager-Meredith Gallagher, as one of Boston's Semi-Finalist for Eater's 2014 Young Guns! http://boston.eater.com/archives/2014/06/18/meet-eater-young-guns-semifinalist-meredith-gallagher.php, Interview with 2014 James Beard Foundation Award Winner Chef Barbara Lynch. http://www.jamesbeard.org/blog/interview-2014-jbf-award-winner-barbara-lynch, Come meet our Guest Speaker, Kathleen Federico, Merrimack Alumni!
Be Inspired & Meet New Friends. Make a Reservation Today.
Full Plate Lunch Series at Menton
Thursday, June 26, 2014
11:30am - 1:30pm 
(Please Note: the program begins promptly at 11:45am)
$75 per person, includes program, three course lunch & gratuity 
For reservations please call Menton at 617.737.0099

Kathleen Federico 
Chief Human Resources Officer, The Mentor Network

Located in our neighborhood of Fort Point, The MENTOR Network is a national network of local health and human services providers offering an array of quality, community-based services to adults and children with intellectual and developmental disabilities, brain and spinal cord injuries and other catastrophic injuries and illnesses, and to youth with emotional, behavioral and medically complex challenges, as well as their families. Founded in 1980, The Network has made a positive impact in the lives of thousands of children and adults across the country.

As chief human resources officer for The MENTOR Network,
Kathleen Federico oversees all aspects of the human resources department, including benefits, recruitment and hiring, training, compensation, HRIS and employee relations. During her time as a human resources leader, Kathleen has concentrated on aligning employee performance objectives with company strategies and goals. Before joining The Network in 2008, Kathleen served as vice president for human resources at several large organizations; most recently, as senior vice president for sales and human resources at World Travel Holdings. Kathleen holds a B.A. in psychology from Merrimack College.

For more information & speaker biographies visit, barbaralynch.com
Menton 
354 Congress Street 
Boston, Massachusetts 02210
617.737.0099
www.mentonboston.com
Like, Chef Scott Jones, preparing tastings of today's new menu changes. #chef, Starting today $1 of every Tasting Menu sold will be donated to the Barbara Lynch Foundation! For more information on the Foundation please click the following link! http://barbaralynch.com/foundation, More delicious fun from last week's Full Plate. Thanks again, Lori Magno for the photos!, What a great Full Plate last Thursday! We enjoyed welcoming Doris Kearns Goodwin as our guest speaker!, Chef Barbara Lynch and Chef Scott are looking forward to heading down to RI next week for the Ocean House's Farm + Vine Dinner on Wednesday June 4th. If you want to  join in on the fun tickets are still available., Chef Barbara & French Culinary Institute founder, Dorothy Hamilton in Menton's kitchen., @barbaralynchBOS interview in the Menton Chef's Table with The French Culinary Institute founder / PBS TV presenter / radio host, Dorothy Hamilton. 

 http://www.heritageradionetwork.org/programs/81-Chef-s-Story , Come see @ruthreichl in conversation with @barbaralynchBOS this Friday May 9th 6pm @BrattleTheatre 
http://bit.ly/1jGdrQ3


, Mother's Day plans? Treat mom to a really special lunch at Menton! Reservations available from 11:30am – 2:30pm

3-course prix-fixe menu, $65 per person
5-course chef’s tasting menu, $95 per person

Menu Highlights:

Jumbo Asparagus
tarragon, almond, meyer lemon

Peekytoe Crab
georgia peas, quail egg, calabrian chili

Torchon of Foie Gras
wild mushrooms, cherry, rosemary
($12 additional supplement)

____________

Ricotta Gnudi
ramp and walnut pesto, broccoli rabe, parmigiano reggiano

Scottish Salmon
mahogany clam, saffron, lovage

Duet of Veal
artichoke, mustard, bone marrow

_______________

Mango Tart
Ricotta, Ginger, Rum

Chocolate Semifreddo
Caramel, Cashew, Earl Grey

Poppy Seed Cake
Muscat Grape, Sunflower Seed, Lemon, We are so excited for our General Manager, Meredith Gallagher, who was nominated as a semi-finalist for this years "Young Guns," from Eater! , Congratulations to our dear friend Ariane Daguin on this lovely article about her exceptional Foie Gras. We are certainly privileged to work D'artagnan and feature their products on our menu. , We are excited to officially welcome Chef Scott Jones to the kitchen! Come in and get a taste of what he's dishing up by treating mom to a very special lunch on Mother's Day, May 11th. Reservations are now being accepted, and are available from 11:30am to 2:30pm. 3-course prix-fixe menu for $65 per person. Menu details coming soon!, null, Thank you to the NY Times for writing such a wonderful piece about Chef Barbara's achievements and how she seeks to promote other female chefs., Vote for Menton and our sister restaurants in this year's Munch Madness! , We can't believe it's already that time of year again! Our Unofficial Dine Out Boston starts this Sunday.  Call 617-737-0099 for reservations. , Menton Guest Relations Manager, Michelle Pane and General Manager, Meredith Gallagher accepted the Five Diamond Award for outstanding guest services from AAA Southern New England President and CEO, Mark Shaw., We are very excited to be a part of The White Barn Inn's Bocuse d’Or Foundation Dinner.  Our own Chef Kristen Kish and General Manager, Meredith Gallagher will be a part of this great event! , Boston Magazine has declared "For those of you wanting to visit Menton to catch a glimpse of Top Chef Season 10 winner Kristen Kish, well, you might need move up those reservations." b/c Kristen Kish will be leaving us on March 8th., We're excited to announce that Scott Jones was just named new chef de cuisine at Menton! Our entire team will miss Kristen as she moves on to her next adventure.  We are also very excited to welcome Scott to the Menton family. 

Come into Menton for The Amazing Stage Race (details directly above) and bid Kristen farewell!, Another amazing Relais & Chateaux Grand Chef Gala benefiting #blfoundation last night.  It was such an honor and privilege for the entire Menton team to work with these incredible Chefs.  Thanks to Chef Daniel Boulud, Chef Gary Danko, Chef Michael Tusk Quince Restaurant, and Patrick O'Connell for an unforgettable evening!, Chef Kristen Kish was hard at work this afternoon developing her recipes for this years Toques & Tonic event.  Can't wait to see what she and all the other Chef's pull out of their toques!  #blftoquesandtonic, Happy Thanksgiving from our family to yours! We hope you enjoy your holiday weekend, and if that includes shopping then we hope you consider the gift that gives back - tickets to the #blfrandcgala and #toquesandtonic - both benefiting The Barbara Lynch Foundation. Tickets go on sale tomorrow, and because you're our friends you can save 10% off tomorrow 11/29 - Monday 12/2 using the code "black friday"
http://barbaralynch.com/foundation/, Today's Food and Dining article in the Boston Globe, features our own John George!  We are so excited that he was mentioned, especially since he just celebrated 13 years in the Gruppo! http://www.bostonglobe.com/lifestyle/food-dining/2013/11/12/because-love/MTyVOFFblkBzCvygtlzXgL/story.html, Congrats to Chef Kristen for making Elle's "Ones to Watch" list.  We are so proud of her!
http://www.elle.com/life-love/society-career/female-trailblazers?click=epic_16028763#slide-10, First of the season White Alba Truffles are making their debut on the menu tonight! We'll be serving fall's most prized ingredient with beautiful handmade pasta or with roasted vidalia onions alongside radish and farro., Interesed in learning how to break down a lobster with just your hands? Check out Chef Kristen's Zagat video to learn how! http://youtu.be/f9EvHs3kLKA, Thank you to the Boston Globe for writing such a wonderful piece about our Chef de Cuisine, Kristen Kish.  

If you haven't had the chance to read the article, “Top Chef” winner Kristen Kish is now running the kitchen at Menton, one of Boston’s top-rated restaurants," we have shared the link here: http://www.bostonglobe.com/lifestyle/food-dining/2013/09/13/how-kristen-kish-made-leap-from-line-cook-top-chef-rising-star-boston-culinary-scene/SuBFkOjDfnrBwC6cNiVZJN/story.html, Join Chef Kristen for an autumn preview dinner of her debut menu since assuming the role of Chef de Cuisine at Menton. This special evening will begin with champagne, hors d’Oeuvres and the opportunity to meet Chef Kristen. Guests will indulge themselves in a beautifully executed 5-course menu featuring the finest sourced ingredients of the autumn season, and paired with wines hand-selected for the evening by our James Beard award-winning Executive Wine Director Cat Silirie. Guests will be transported through a most memorable evening as Chef Kristen presents each course.
 
Tuesday, September 24 & Wednesday, September 25
 6:30pm – Hors d’Oeuvres
 7:00pm – Seated Dinner
 
$350 per person, exclusive of tax and gratuity
 (includes hors d’Oeuvres and champagne, seated five-course dinner with wine pairings) 
 
THE CHEF’S TABLE
For those discerning guests that would like an unsurpassable dining experience, consider the private chef’s table which is located inside the kitchen and features a glass wall that offers an exceptionally unique vantage point to watch the kitchen during service.
 
The chef’s table is available for these dinners and may be reserved for $5,000 (limited to 10 guests please)
 

For more information and to make reservations for either evening 
please call Menton at 617.737.0099, Join our sister restaurant, No. 9 Park , on Tuesday, July 23rd for their first ever Sugar Rush! They will be hosting five Pastry Chefs from around the city who will each be creating a unique dessert, and presenting their creation and process behind it. Next week they have the pleasure of welcoming Maura Kilpatrick of Oleana Restaurant and Sofra Bakery & Cafe, Brian Mercury of Harvest Restaurant, Giselle Milleer of Deuxave, and Monica Glass of Clio Restaurant and Uni Sashimi Bar.
 
For more information or to make a reservation please call No.9 Park at 617.742.9991., Inspired by Restaurant Week, Menton will be offering our "Unofficial Restaurant Week," for two weeks (August 18-23 and August 25-30). For reservations please call 617-737-0099.

PRIX FIXE MENU
 
Heirloom Tomatoes
 Roasted Garlic Nougatine, Burrata, Orange Vinegar
 
Onsen Egg
 Summer Vegetables, Mushroom, Green Goddess
 
Foie Gras Terrine
 Champagne Mango, Pickled Sultanas, Granola
 Supplement 12
 
Seared Foie Gras
 Verjus, Plum, Walnut, Brioche Sable
 Supplement 12
 
~
 
Delice de Bourgogne Tortelloni
 brodo, radish, apricot
 
Snapper
 Lobster Nage, Tendersweet Cabbage, Confit Oyster
 
Duck Breast
 Nasturtium, Cherry, Rye
 
~
 
Angel Food Cake
 Watermelon, Pistachio, Lemon
 
Chocolate Parfait
 Coffee, Banana, Popcorn
 
Selection of Artisanal Cheese
 Traditional Accoutrements
 
PRIX FIXE 58
 
***
 
 CHEF’S TASTING MENU
 
Fluke Crudo
 Lemon Cucumber, Torpedo Red Onion, Calabrian Chili
 
Snapper
 Lobster Nage, Tendersweet Cabbage, Confit Oyster
 
Cappellini
 Cured Egg Yolk, Crab, Allium
 
Pork Tenderloin
 Ham Rillette, Carrot, Mustard
 
Angel Food Cake
 Watermelon, Pistachio, Lemon
 
CHEF’S  TASTING 78, In celebration of the 4th of July holiday, Menton will be closed today and tomorrow. We will reopen for dinner service on Friday July 5th. Have a wonderful holiday and we hope to see you soon., We are thrilled to share that we have just added one more Full Plate lunch before Summer officially starts that will feature two very special guests:  

Boston City Councilor and Candidate for Mayor Mike Ross 
and Guest Speaker Cheryl Cronin.
 
Thursday, June 20, 2013
12:00pm-2:00pm 
Menton
354 Congress Street, Boston
  
Special Guest Speaker
Cheryl Cronin
Attorney, Cronin & Leonard

A successful attorney and mother of three who has built an impressive legal career spanning over 30 years, Cheryl Cronin is passionate about politics and has successfully parlayed her background as an attorney specializing in campaign finance and ethics in politics into rewarding work as a staunch democratic supporter and active member of committees for both President Obama and Boston City Councilor and Candidate for Mayor Mike Ross. 
  
Since 2007 Cheryl has served on President Barack Obama's National Finance Committee and in 2008 and 2012, she served as co-State Counsel in Massachusetts for the Obama for America presidential campaign. She was the 2010 recipient of the Eleanor Roosevelt award from the Massachusetts Democratic Party, and has been named twice by Boston Magazine as one of the Fifty Most Powerful Women in Boston.
   
For reservations and more information, please call Menton at 617.737.0099, We are so honored to have been nominated for Best-Restaurant Special Occasion by Boston Magazine for their 40th anniversary edition of Best of Boston. This year you get to be the judge so make sure to vote and spread the word. http://www.bostonmagazine.com/best-of-boston-readers-choice-vote/?utm_source=iContact&utm_medium=email&utm_campaign=Boston%20Magazine&utm_content=, We are so excited to host Sara Campbell - Fashion Designer, artist and entrepreneur, this Thursday for our latest edition of Full Plate! Due to some last minute changes we have a couple of tickets available for this spectacular event. For more information please call us at 617.737.0099, Thank you to the New England Aquarium for letting us participate in their Bridal Open House this week. We had such fun! I'm excited to announce that Jeanine Skorinko was the lucky winner of our drawing for a Menton Gift Certificate. We look forward to hosting you and your fiancé soon., Giving thanks to Rescue 1 Boston the best way we know how: with loving and caring smiles and a delicious warm meal. We are so very grateful., With hope for a brighter and safer day tomorrow, our doors will remain closed this evening at Menton. Wishing you all safety and peace, Meredith Gallagher., All of us at Menton would like to extend our sympathies to the MIT community and all those affected by the tragedies of the last twelve hours. In unity with the Governor's request to stay indoors Menton will remain closed until further notice. Your safety, the safety of our team and our community are of the upmost importance. With love, Meredith Gallagher, Our hearts and thoughts are with all the families of Boston and beyond that have been affected by today's terrible incident. Sincerely, Meredith Gallagher General Manager and the entire Menton team, http://vimeo.com/61553784
Check out this wonderful video about the Barbara Lynch Foundation. Thank you to all of the Grand Chefs who contributed their time to this amazing evening!, It's Sunday! Do you know what that means? It's the start of the 2nd week of our "Unofficial Restaurant Week" at Menton! Come in and try the Pan-Seared Halibut served with a Saffron Nage, English Peas and Confit Onions!, Thrilled to announce our new Chef de Cuisine, Kristen Kish, who will be with us full time on June 3  http://boston.grubstreet.com/2013/03/top-chef-winner-kish-menton.html, So proud of Chef Barbara for becoming one of the James Beard Who's Who in Food & Beverage in America for 2013: http://www.jamesbeard.org/blog/awards-watch-2013-whos-who-food-beverage-america, We love this perspective on fine dining, and maybe we're biased, but we think it's already arrived. http://www.latimes.com/features/food/dailydish/la-dd-fine-dining-comeback-20130306,0,1346327.story?page=print, Congratulations to Kristen Kish for winning Top Chef! http://www.bravotv.com/top-chef/season-10/videos/kristen-kish-i-won-top-chef, Dine with us on Tuesday 2/26 to experience some of what makes New England so unique: the seafood! Enjoy a four-course dinner with wine and discuss the history and rapidly changing relationship New England shares with the Atlantic.

http://mentonboston.com/discovering-new-england-seafood-an-evening-of-cuisine-and-conversation/, Photos from our Relais & Châteaux Grand Chef Gala Dinner, While we had an amazing time at the Relais & Châteaux Grand Chef dinner on Thursday, we are sad to announce that Blizzard Bash has been cancelled. A huge thank you to all of our visiting chefs and bartenders as well as to our ticket holders for all of your patience. We hope the Foundation will be able to make it up to you all in the Spring, Due to the snow storm, Menton will be closed for dinner this evening Friday, February 8th! We apologize for any inconvenience. Be safe and stay warm!, Photos from the Relais & Chateaux Grand Chef Gala Dinner, featuring Grand Chefs Barbara Lynch, Daniel Boulud, Joseph Lenn, Michael Tusk, and Mark Ladner, The Menton Crew getting a special "Cheese Words" before service. Ms. Allison Lakin from Lakin's Gorges Cheese speaks about her cheesemaking process and her products! A very big thank you to Allison for taking her time to come and talk to us!, All of us at Menton are getting excited to welcome fellow Relais & Chateaux Chefs Daniel Boulud of Daniel, Michael Tusk of Quince, Mark Ladner of Del Posto and Joseph Lenn of Blackberry Farm into our kitchen to prepare the most extravagant meal Boston has ever seen as a kick off for the Blizzard Bash. You can be a part of it all by purchasing tickets at the link below..., Premiering on the Prix Fixe menu is our house-cured coppa. Sliced very thin, this is served with rye croutons, native greens and an assortment of winter vegetables! Perfect for a chilly night!, We are thrilled to welcome so many Relais & Châteaux Grand Chefs to Boston for the weekend of Blizzard Bash: Daniel Boulud, Mark Ladner, Michael Tusk, Joseph Lenn, and of course our own Barbara Lynch. Purchase your tickets for this weekend of gastronomic wonder today. Advanced ticket sales are only available for one more week! 

http://blizzardbash2013.eventbrite.com/
http://grandchefgala2013.eventbrite.com/, To continue our New Years theme, Chef Bethany has created a Black Cocoa Tart for the prix fixe menu! This is accompanied with a malted cinnamon purée, coconut and a black cocoa sorbet, Happy Holidays from all of us at Menton! Just a reminder that the restaurant will be closed Christmas Eve and Christmas Day. We will reopen Wednesday, December 26th for dinner service, Mark your calendars in the coming new year for The First Annual Blizzard Bash!  This two day event, February 7th and 8th 2013 will benefit the Barbara Lynch Foundation.  Festivities will commence at Menton with a Relais and Château Grand Chef Gala Dinner featuring five incredible chefs!  To purchase tickets or more information please click on the link below
http://barbaralynch.com/foundation/first-annual-blizzard-bash/, Thank you to everyone who stopped by our table at the Fort Point Holiday Stroll last night. It was so great to meet more of our neighbors and spread some holiday cheer!, 'Tis the season for Maine diver scallops! We are featuring ours on the prix fixe menu with a parsley root purée, an apple salad and bacon lardons., We couldn't be more proud to see both No 9 and Drink considered for the best cocktail bar in the city in Eater's current posting! If you have yet to vote, make sure your voice is heard now. http://boston.eater.com/archives/2012/11/29/your-favorite-boston-cocktail-bar-the-finals-round.php, Two amazing exhibits worth seeing on your next trip to New York or D.C.! If you have visited we would love to hear any interesting insights on the history of food and dining that you discovered. We will certainly share ours once we have the chance to go.

http://www.nytimes.com/2012/11/21/dining/food-exhibits-at-the-american-museum-of-natural-history-and-the-smithsonian.html?ref=dining&_r=0, Just in time for the Thanksgiving holiday, we have an Orange Galette making its way onto the Prix Fixe menu! The tart is made with a poppy seed puff pastry and it is garnished with a blood orange and vanilla sorbet as well as a honey crumble. Have fun making your holiday desserts!, Come ring in the New Year at Menton with a tribute to what some say was the party of the century: Truman Capote's legendary Black and White Ball! The celebration will include decadent menus, live music and much more! Please call Menton to make your reservation for this festive occasion at 617-737-0099!, There are a few spots left for The Art of Bespoke event this Thursday, November 15th as we welcome Alton Lane to Boston!  Come join us for an evening of great cuisine, cocktails and clothing!

http://mentonboston.com/the-art-of-bespoke-an-evening-of-cocktails-cuisine-and-conversation-with-alton-lane/, Yet another new dessert has made its way onto the prix fixe menu! Chef Bethany has created a Nougat Glacé, her take on the classic sweet but she has frozen it with macadamia nuts. This is accompanied with fresh bananas and a green cardamom and banana sorbet!, Do your part! Help the Barbara Lynch Foundation's first initiative, Meet the Worms, raise $10,000 to continue to do good in South Boston schools.

http://www.seedsofchangefoods.com/sharethegood/

Enter your info, organization name (The Barbara Lynch Foundation), city (Boston), state (MA), zip (02118), and proprietor name (Meet the Worms!), Chef Barbara was recently nominated for Boston Chef of the Year through Eater Boston!  Show your support and vote! http://boston.eater.com/archives/2012/11/05/time-to-vote-choose-bostons-hottest-chef-of-the-year.php, Look at Jonathan, our food expediter, weighting out this gorgeous white truffle before service!, Chef Bethany created a new fall dessert for our prix fixe menu! Look at this beautiful Sunflower Financier with cognac soaked raisins, fresh diced apples and brown butter ice cream., Happy Halloween from all of us at Menton!!, Open tonight for business as usual. We look forward to seeing you!, Menton will re-open for regular dinner service tomorrow evening, Tuesday October 30th. We look forward to seeing you soon and we hope you were able to stay safe in the storm., Due to inclement weather, we will be closed tomorrow. Everyone stay inside and be safe!, We can't wait to welcome Alton Lane to Boston! Join us in our Private Dining Room to celebrate. We provide the food, Drink provides the cocktails, and Alton Lane provides the style http://mentonboston.com/the-art-of-bespoke-an-evening-of-cocktails-cuisine-and-conversation-with-alton-lane/, Join us in our Private Dining Room with Drink and Alton Lane to celebrate the art of bespoke and the grand opening of Alton Lane's first Boston location, null, Rabbit with native wild mushrooms, parsley, lemon, and garlic - also for Chef Jose Andres, Milk fed veal with native wild mushrooms and fresh American chestnuts. One of many dishes for Chef Jose Andres, Join our sister restaurant No. 9 Park for their 2nd Annual Halloween Masquerade Ball! http://www.facebook.com/events/385206378214657/, Amazing Austrian winemaker Fred Loimer is taking a break for ONE night from the grape harvest to share his wines with us at Menton on September 20 http://www.premiumestates.at/start.php?page=loimer, An official congratulations to our amazing new General Manager, Meredith Devinney!

http://mentonboston.com/talent/meredith-devinney/, Celebrate the Barbara Lynch Foundation and its first initiative, Meet the Worms!, with the first annual Summer Send-Off: Swine and Swizzle

http://www.facebook.com/events/266364646805964/, null, null, If you, like many of us, were unable to attend the most recent TEDxBoston you can now watch Chef Barbara Lynch's speech thanks to Eater Boston's video post. Follow the link here and listen to Chef tell her story.

http://boston.eater.com/archives/2012/07/18/video-interlude-39.php, The weather is turning warm and sunny next week, just in time to help us celebrate our local farmers for the June installment of our Chef's Table Dinner Series! We couldn't be more excited to see the ever-growing bounty of local produce here at Menton. For our four course dinner next Sunday the 24th, Chef Colin will serve as your host for a beautiful meal with enriching conversation as he guides you through the stories of the farmers we love. We still have a few seats left so come join us for an evening of food, wine and lively discussion next Sunday at 6:30pm., Haven't figured out the perfect Father's Day present just yet? It's only a little more than a week away and here at Menton we are ready and eager to give your Father a night of luxury that he will remember for years to come!, Chef Colin Lynch in an esteemed group of industry professionals nominated as 2012 Eater Young Guns Final 50, a who's who of today's best!

http://boston.eater.com/archives/2012/06/05/meet-the-eater-young-guns-final-50.php, Even the Texans want a piece of the Boston dining scene! , Looking for something new to do this June to welcome in the summer? Check out Chef Barbara and the 9 at Home Team for one of their pop-up dinners with our good friends and neighbors, Harpoon Brewery. A definite recipe for a fun filled evening!, null, Congratulations to our amazing wine director Cat Silirie and the entire No9 team for their significant achievement last night! To be awarded the best wine program in the country is such a tremendous accomplishment. The recognition was well deserved and we couldn’t be more proud of you all., Stinging Nettles have long been a favorite here at Menton. Their deep green flavor jumps off the plate and we love to tell their story. Find them now on our tasting menu in the form of a stinging nettle gnudi with wild mushrooms and toasted hazelnuts! Read this NYTimes article for a lesson on how to cook nettles at home.

tastinghttp://dinersjournal.blogs.nytimes.com/2012/05/03/oh-nettles-where-is-thy-sting/?ref=dining , We have an exciting summer ahead of us here in Fort Point Channel. Thank you to the Boston Globe for highlighting all our community has to offer and to Vivian Li for her constant drive and enthusiasm for our neighborhood! 
http://www.boston.com/news/local/massachusetts/articles/2012/04/26/summer_on_the_waterfront_campaign_aims_to_draw_people_to_bostons_waterfront/?page=1, Just when we thought our New England Spring couldn't get any more beautiful, our amazing florist proved us wrong. Thank you for all your beautiful work Hiroko and the team at Hanaya Floral!, This week, we have a very special treat for blue cheese lovers! Named after an old military road that traverses the Northeast, Bayley Hazen Blue is an assertive blue with notes of sweet grass, chocolate, peppery spices, and licorice.  We are eternally grateful to Andy and Mateo Kehler at Jasper Hill Farm (http://www.jasperhillfarm.com/) for creating this delicious, compelling cheese; a cheese that is largely responsible for putting American cheese making back on the world stage., Eater Boston interviewed our awesome GM, Alec Riveros!, Tonight, we are very excited to introduce a new cheese to our board!  Fromage d'O'Cow is an exciting new release from Cato Corner Farms http://www.catocornerfarm.com in Colchester, Connecticut.  The name is a winking reference to Fromage d'Oka, a Quebecois cheese that translates to "Geese Cheese."  Cato Corner is calling this washed rind, aged, raw milk, full pungency cheese a big brother to their flagship cheese, Hooligan.  Fromage d'O'Cow is delightful with a cold wheat beer or a rich porter., null, null, Munch Madness is here again and in full swing! If you haven't already voted, help us win in the sweet sixteen as we face some tough competition against Hungry Mother. Get in your vote for Menton today at: http://www.boston.com/ae/restaurants/specials/munch_madness/2012/, This Sunday Executive Sous Chef Wyatt Maguire will host our monthly Chef’s Table Dinner Series.  While we are typically proud and eager to pair our food with wines from around the globe, for this dinner in the Chef’s Table, we are leaving wine behind and looking to beer for the perfect food pairing. We will feature unique craft brews as well as a beer from our very own home-brewer Chef Wyatt. Whether you are an avid beer lover or simply a casual consumer you are sure to be delighted and surprised by what we have in store, so come join us this Sunday for a lively dinner in the Chef’s Table.

Reception at 6:30pm
Dinner at 7:00pm
Price $145 per person exclusive of tax and gratuity

Maine Lobster
Oyster, Braised Leek, Sunchoke
Sünner Kolsch, Germany

Dodine of Duck
Périgord Truffle, Bitter Greens, Breakfast Radish
Brasserie St. Feuillien Saison, Belgium

Pork Belly
Manila Clams, Shiitake, Pickled Ramp
Home-Brewed American Pale Ale & Great Divide Denver Pale Ale

Malted Milk Bavarian
Banana, Coffee, Milk Chocolate
Anderson Valley Barney Flats Oatmeal Stout, The recipe for Chef Barbara's VERY tasty carbonara graces the pages of Bon Appétit Magazine's April issue, along with egg dishes from Thomas Keller, Jean-Georges Vongerichten, and Jose Andres. Quite the lineup!, Congratulations to our amazing Wine Director Cat Silirie, the team at No. 9 Park, and all of the other incredible 2012 James Beard Awards Outstanding Wine Program nominees... and everyone on the short list! You all inspire us!, Very special arrival today: our eagerly anticipated Relais & Châteaux plaque! From Chef Barbara and the whole team, a very heartfelt thank you for everyone's support and kind words. You all are so inspiring to us!, null, Dishes from our menu, We are so honored to be New England's only AAA Five-Diamond, Forbes Travel Guide Five Star, Relais & Châteaux restaurant!, This Eater Boston interview with Chef Barbara includes a very necessary shout out to Executive Chef Colin Lynch. We are so grateful for him and for everyone who has shared today's Relais & Châteaux announcement with us. To all of our family, friends, colleagues, and patrons - you are our inspiration. Thank you! , We are so honored to be Boston's first and only Relais & Châteaux property! Chef Barbara has written a message regarding this very exciting news and we would like to share it with you. Thank you for your support!, null, Happy Valentine's Day from all of us at Menton!, Pastry Chef Bethany Hiltebeitel is shaking things up here at Menton with several new sweets to tempt us all. Here is a snapshot of her Granola Clafoutis with perfectly tart and sweet red currant sorbet, dehydrated yogurt and whipped olive oil., We are so excited to see No. 9 Park's fabulous Jaime Davis in the running for Food & Wine People's Best New Pastry Chef! If you are a fan of Jaime's amazing desserts (we are!) please join us in supporting her with a vote., We are so excited to finally have Winnimere from Jasper Hill Farm making an appearance on our cheese cart! This seasonal cheese that is only available in the winter months is one of our absolute favorites. The creamy texture is just divine but each wheel is unique with smoky, meaty or mustard like qualities that keep us eager to try more., Thank you to the Boston Business Journal for recognizing Menton as one of the most admired Companies and Brands in Boston. We are honored to be listed alongside such wonderful companies and CEOs as EMC, Vertex, The Kraft Group, The Mandarin and many others. Check out the full article for an opportunity to vote for your favorite area companies., Thanks to our friends at No. 9 Park for posting this great photo of Chef Barbara and Chef Thomas Keller from last weekend's The Bocuse d'Or USA Foundation competition!, Maine Shrimp Season is open and we couldn't be more excited to have the beautifully delicate and pink crustacean on our menu. Chef Colin has created a truly stunning dish by just gently curing the shrimp in citrus and serving it with royal white sturgeon caviar, avocado, and an allium jus. Come enjoy the season with us before it's over!, Gruppo friend and photographer Justin Ide created this fantastic video of our Scent Dinner last year with Chandler Burr, Scent Critic of the New York Times. Executive Chef Colin Lynch collaborated with Chandler to create a menu inspired by the perfumes selected by the scent critic., We are so thrilled to see Chef Barbara in The New York Times Small Business section this week!, Eater has arrived and we are thrilled to be part of the very first Eater 38 Boston, the blog's monthly update on the best restaurants in town! Our South End friends at The Butcher Shop made the list too!, Happy New Year from all of us at Menton! A special thank you to those that helped us ring in the New Year here at the restaurant this weekend! It was certainly a celebration to remember. Cheers to health, happiness, and of course, delicious food in 2012!, There are only four days left to support Menton and all of your favorite restaurants by voting for the James Beard Foundation Awards 2012 nominations. We have our fingers crossed for a Best Chef Northeast Nomination for our executive chef, Colin Lynch and we thank you for your vote!, We are counting down the days until our ultimate New Years Celebration here at Menton. As we prepare, we are scouring our music selection in order to make a playlist to remember 2011 and welcome in 2012. We would love to hear from you all and know your favorite songs to ring in the New Year. Let us know what can't be missed and we'll report back as to what makes the cut!, We are so honored to be named one of the OpenTable Diners' Choice Awards top 100 restaurants in the U.S.! Thank you to everyone who voted!, null, The Holiday Cheeses have arrived at Menton.

For those who love to explore new cheeses and are on the search for their favorite holiday cheese, we are excited to share that the cheese cart went through a complete update with some new hard-to-find and limited-availability cheeses.  To get everyone into the holiday spirit, our expert cheese buyer has selected three marvelously soft (and gooey) cheeses that will surely amaze one’s palate and please the most discerning cheese lover’s preference.  

1. Harbison from the Cellars at Jasper Hill - This new addition to the lineup at Menton, coming to us from Greensboro Vermont, has been described as the “baby winnimere” from Jasper Hill Farm.  This bloomy rind cow’s milk cheese is named after Anne Harbison, a local from Greensboro who has been very active in the community.  The cheese offers a soft and approachable savory flavor that finishes with a hint of smokiness from the spruce bark that is used to wrap the cheese.
2. Vacherin Mont D’or – The Classic! A seasonal cheese that has a true following not only in the US but around the globe.  Not to be confused with its neighbor, Vacherin Fribourgeois, the Vacherin Mont D’or is made from 100% pasteurized cow’s milk sourced from the Jura region in western Switzerland. We have submitted our appeal to the FDA for approval of the unpasteurized Vacherin Fribourgeois to be imported in the US.  We’ll keep you posted.
3. Rush Creek Reserve from Uplands Cheese Co. – Making its first appearance on the Menton cheese cart tonight, this seasonal Wisconsin unpasteurized 100% cow’s milk cheese has a true following.  The fact that it is so limited in availability coupled with its incredibly delicate savory flavor, leaves us wanting to buy every wheel Fromaggio Kitchen has.
We hope this will entice you to try three unique and seasonal versions of a spruce bark wrapped cow’s milk cheese., Gruppo photographer extraordinaire Justin Ide just posted a gorgeous behind the scenes look at the Eleven Madison Park cookbook dinner we hosted on Saturday on his F2% blog. Thank you to everyone involved for an unforgettable evening!, Holiday shopping is officially open for the season and if you’re anything like us you are probably making your lists and scratching your heads to pick out just the right gift. With that in mind, we have polled our Chef’s to find out what they couldn’t live without in their own kitchens. Their Top Five Tools of the Kitchen should be a welcomed addition to any home:

1. Immersion Blender: With so many on the market it can be hard to know what to turn to but our Chef’s swear by the Cuisinart offering for flexible blending, puréeing and emulsification in the kitchen.

2. Kuhn Rikon The Original Swiss Peeler: They may only cost $3.50 but they will prove to be your best friend in the kitchen. They are durable, ergonomically designed and perfect for the job of peeling all your fruits and vegetables. Some designs may be prettier but this is one item where function trumps looks every time. 

3. Black Steel Pans: There are countless pans to choose from on the market but we love Black Steel pans for their ability to heat up faster than anything else on the market. Yes they are similar to your trusty cast iron skillet but your food won’t stick nearly as much and the skin on your duck will never be crispier!

4. Mandolin Slicer: Every wonder how those thinly sliced pieces of radish look so darn perfect when you’re out but not quite right at home? Are you craving light airy parsnip chips for your next holiday hors d’oeuvre? Yes our Chef’s have incredible knife skills but when it comes to beautiful paper-thin slices they reach for their mandolins every time.  Market choice: Benriner Japanese Mandolin Slicer.

5. Bowl Scraper: Another simple yet essential tool of the kitchen.  It is versatile and compact. It will ensure that you never miss any of that divine cake mix along the sides of the bowl. Better yet, it helps you easily arrange and move all the items on your cutting board so you can keep your prep work organized and clean., Chef FERRAN ADRIA in the Menton kitchen post dinner last weekend!, Dear friends, tonight we will be closed for Eleven Madison at Menton, our sold out dinner celebrating the release of Eleven Madison Park: The Cookbook. We will reopen for dinner tomorrow night and hope you will join us soon!, Chef Ferran Adria in the Menton kitchen post dinner., We were both very surprised and honored to welcome Chef Ferran Adria at Menton last night. Following his extended tasting menu, he was gracious and personally thanked the entire Menton team for his dinner.  A very exciting evening.

For those that have not had a chance to attend any of the Science & Cooking Public Lectures at Harvard's School of Engineering and Applied Sciences, this is your last chance.  Chef Adria is in town to present the last lecture at Harvard on the topic of: The New Culinary Think Tank: el bulli 2.0.  Tickets go on sale this Tuesday.  , We are so honored to be one of 25 restaurants in the world to by awarded Five Stars by Forbes Travel Guide! , The Chefs in our kitchen are always hard at work keeping their knives in perfect condition, sharpening them, honing their skills and picking just the right tool for the task at hand. Today we spoke with our Chef de Partie for Meat, Marc Sheehan, and asked what his favorite brand of knives is. His answer, without hesitation is Togiharu. We would love to hear from you and know which knives you love, be it for home cooking or in the professional kitchen., Behind the scenes at Menton: at this week’s Wine Words (staff education on all things food and wine related) we were fortunate enough to explore the relationship between different varieties of local New England apples.  In looking at the correlation between acidity and sweetness in different fruits we can better understand that same relationship in wines. When it comes to wine made from apples, we all agree that Eric Bordelet’s Sydre Argelette is one of the finest examples of sparkling ciders around. With 19 different heirloom varieties from Bordelet’s native Normandy it is an exquisite blend that is pure pleasure., We couldn't be more excited here at Menton to finally have one of the fantastic beers from Pretty Things Beer and Ale Project in house. The St. Botolph's Town is perfect for the rich nutty flavors of fall and we're thrilled to taste it alongside our house-made duck sausage with roasted chestnuts or a wheel of Harbison from Jasper Hill Farm., Nantucket Bay Scallops are finally here! For us at Menton it is a much-anticipated time of year when the beautiful, petit, and velvety bay scallops come into season. While the scallops are certainly amazing on their own, Chef Colin Lynch has paired them with acorn squash, lovage and dried black olive powder to create a dish that shouldn’t be missed., Chef Barbara took a quick trip to New York to congratulate the team at Eleven Madison Park on the upcoming cookbook and their recent three Michelin stars. She enjoyed an amazing dinner and sent us some photos of her meal, including a picture of the duck. We can't wait to host Chef Daniel and Will here for Eleven Madison at Menton in Decemeber!, Washington Post critic Tom Sietsema joined us for dinner (and stopped by Drink) on a recent trip to Boston and called us "the finest example in months of why luxury restaurants matter." Read more at the link including Tom's favorite dishes and praise for Chef Colin! , Our Chefs are at it again, preparing an amazing Wild Game Dinner this evening for the latest installment of our Chef's Table Dinner Series. Scottish Pheasant with heart confit, Wild Hare with chestnuts, Red Burgundy and earthy Carignan not to mention Pear Cider are just a few of things that have us excited and full of anticipation. Next month's dinner will feature White Truffles from Alba on Sunday November 20th.  For me details follow the link to our website., Last month we were honored to have Jeanne-Marie de Champs in our midst. Jeanne-Marie is the founder of Domaines et Saveurs Collection, a company that has long represented some of the finest producers in Burgundy. She joined us to showcase the wines of Meo-Camuzet. She spoke with such knowledge and grace about these wines, that we fell in love with all of them BEFORE we even tasted them! But then we did taste them… and now we just can’t get enough.  Like the oh-so-famous Domaine de la Romanée-Conti (DRC), Meo-Camuzet has holdings in Echézeaux, and also makes stunning Clos du Vougeout. Meo-Camuzet also brings us beautiful wines from the lesser-known appellations of Fixin and Hautes-Côtes de Nuits. If this plush, elegant, autumnal style of red burgundy (with a pristine white thrown in the mix!) strikes your fancy like it struck ours, please come by and enjoy all of the beauty that Meo-Camuzet has to offer., Here at Menton we were thrilled and honored to host the spectacular women behind Orb Weaver Farm this past week. To be able to cook for them was a real treat and it has certainly gotten us all thinking about the change in seasons. Orb Weaver, a seasonal farm that harvests fruits and vegetables in the summer months and produces some of our favorite cheeses in the fall/winter months, is located in the beauty of Vermont's Champlain Valley. Marjorie Susman and Marian Pollack who own and operate the farm have been devoted to their land for thirty years and the results show through in highly allocated cheeses. We are all eagerly waiting the chance to showcase a wheel on our cheese cart and we'll be certain to tell you once it arrives. In the interim follow this link to learn more about their labor of love....http://www.orbweaverfarm.com/Home, null, We're in the midst of some amazing menu changes here at Menton as Fall's bounty continues to trickle in. Just in....incredible live scallops fresh from Massachusetts waters. It is such a treat to receive these gems when they are still wiggling, roe and all!, Despite these few 85 degree days, fall has fallen. We’re ringing in the chilly weather with our new autumnal cocktails!

Dr. Siegert’s Miracle
Milagro Silver, Angostura Bitters, Massenez Cassis, Lime 
	 Dr. Johann Gottlieb Benjamin Siegert was both a scientist and the Surgeon General of the Military Hospital in the town Angostura, Trinidad. He created Angostura bitters from the herbs and plants around him to cure the constant fevers and sour stomachs he was always treating. These bitters are now some of the most popular, and are used across the country and around the world.  Between the “healthy” benefits of Angostura bitters and the miraculously clean taste of Milagro Silver, we hope that this cocktail works fall time wonders. 

Smokin’ Gun
Laphroaig 10yr, Cynar, Antica Formula, Maraschino 
	This cocktail is all about SMOKE. The name says it all. It was created in honor of our resident single malt aficionado and captain, Bradley Fichter. In an attempt to add to an already beautiful product, we enhance what we already love so much about the single malt. The Cynar mirrors its smoky, bitter earthiness, the vermouth mirrors its rich dark fruit, and the Maraschino mirrors its sweetness. 	

Ward 8
Rye, Lemon, Orange,Grenadine
            It’s rare to meet someone from Boston who isn’t filled with East Coast pride. The Ward 8 is like a cocktail wearing a Red Sox hat. Created in the late 1800’s at Locke-Ober, this cocktail was originally served to honor a local politician who took the majority in his election because votes earned by the people from Boston’s 8th Ward. 

…And for all of you out there who are afraid to drink pink…this one will change (perhaps blow) your mind!, At Menton we're always excited to find people dedicated to their craft and their product. The only thing more exciting is when we find craftsmen in our very own backyards. The brothers behind Bully Boy Distillery are working right out of Boston to create spirits based on ingredients from their family farm right here in MA. Our own expert behind the bar, Fanny Katz, loves their vodka so much that it takes center stage in our signature Menton Mule. Check out what Edible Boston had to say too., And so the Truffle season begins…

This summer we were fortunate to offer some wonderful Australian winter black truffles coming from Manjimup in Western Australia.  Although they were from Australia, they essentially are the same as black Périgord truffles (Tuber melanosporum) from Périgord France.  Yes, the black truffles were very well received but, everyone has been waiting with anticipation for white truffles.
Much to everyone’s surprise at Menton, Chef Colin Lynch arrived today at the restaurant with a handful of some of the first-of-the-season white Alba truffles.  While these first truffles were not the 3.3 lb sized truffles that sold in Macau in 2007 for $330,000, they are still of great size and unmistakable aroma.  Chef will be preparing three dishes tonight: Carnaroli Risotto,  Raviolo con Uovo and Handmade Tagliatelle all served with 7 delightful grams of white Alba truffles shaved table-side.
The 18th-century French gastronome Brillat-Savarin called these truffles "the diamond of the kitchen".
Hope to see you at Menton and I hope we can share our excitement about these rare fragrant gems., We couldn't be more excited to welcome fall here at Menton, with the leaves changing and the air decidedly more crisp we are thrilled to introduce fall flavors to our menu. Chef Colin just created a stunning squab dish paired with a rich boudin noir and roasted chestnut purée that couldn't be more true to the season. But that's not all we've also started cooking with Brussel sprouts, quince and lentils du Puy. I’m sure more exciting things will follow in the coming weeks!, Dear friends, it's a big day here at Menton - we are now on Facebook! Please join us for the latest from our team, including notes and photos from the kitchen and the floor as well as news, upcoming events, and more. We look forward to connecting with you!)