List(Four years ago we closed in March for renovations. You may remember what TC looked like before but in case you don't here's a picture from 2010. Photo by John at http://www.dottedroute.com/about/, Boston has some of the best food in the world. Our XLB got mention in this article., Glad to have made Jen's 'Best in Boston' list. Her blog, Tiny Urban Kitchen, has lots of great photos and eating/cooking inspiration. Check it out., Taiwan Cafe start to serve beer now......, The thought of Szechuan sliced fish keeps us warm on a cold Boston day., Celebrate the holiday with this delicious bubbles --- Rose red sparked !!!!, It's right on time for the holidays!
甜美的玫瑰香檳就在海之味喲！, Nice picture on foodspotting.com., Byron Nguyen enjoyed these three dishes. Recognize them?, "City Walks: Boston" features Taiwan Cafe in their Chinatown walk., Taiwan Cafe was named Best Chinese Restaurant in Boston Magazine's 2014 "Best of Boston" issue. Thank you!

http://www.bostonmagazine.com/best-of-boston/2014/taiwan-caf-2/, Larry David 's in the house, Happy Friday everyone!, Happy Easter! Recipe for Soy Sauce Eggs from "Appetite for China" -- http://appetiteforchina.com/recipes/soy-sauce-eggs., Rooster sauce is in trouble. Their factory might get shut down, Happy Year of the Horse! Wishing you much health, happiness, and prosperity in the new year., Sanbeiji (三杯雞) aka "Three-Cup Chicken" is a staple dish in Taiwan. Here's our version. The flavor comes from the soy, rice wine, and sesame oil., It's been one year since our remodel was complete and we reopened last August. Come help us celebrate!, Best way to cool down? Eat something spicy., One of the most poetic reviews we've received on Yelp: "I would wrap myself up in a patchwork blanket of Taiwan Cafe's roast beef scallion pancakes and steam until pink in the fatty, aromatic broth sloshing around their soup dumplings." Thanks, Damien S.!, "It's always crazy busy here... Taiwan Cafe" a quote from Brian Samuels @MyFoodThoughts on Twitter., Our new tee shirts have arrived., Want dumplings delivered to your door? Have a craving for eggplant with basil tonight? You can order all of our dishes via www.chinatowndeli.com., Happy Aprils' Day!!!!!!!
But don't be fool, what we post on today is 100% real.......
We are gladly to announce that we do offer The Drlivery Service now. You can get the service through this website www.chinatowndeli.com or  call these numbers 617-477-7926 or 781-480-3748 . So give it a try and let us know how's this working for you., We have lots of green things for you to try on St. Patrick's Day. And green beer too (at least it's in green bottles)!, Help us get to 400 Likes. Share with your friends!, Ever had a traditional Taiwanese brunch? There's still time today!, We're featured in Boston Magazines's Chinatown Tour., Happy 2013! (Photo of Taipei 101 fireworks by Hiroshi Lin) via Flickr -- http://www.flickr.com/photos/hiroshi_lin/8330573844/, Just a reminder that we are open until 1 am on Christmas Eve and Christmas! Hope to see you during the holidays., Christmas is a time for celebration in Taiwan. We dress up, go out to parties, and eat together with family and friends. Here's a beautiful photo of last year's tree in Taipei by Luke Ma. It's in front of the Shin Kong Mitsukoshi Department Store., Planning your meals for the upcoming week? Then this is just for you. Print or show this post to your waitress and get free dumplings. Thanks for liking us on Facebook and Twitter (@taiwancafe617)!, A newly added dish -- Sauteed shrimp with cream sauce. It's the first item on the Chef's Specials section., Oh BTW, have you claimed your free order of dumplings yet? M-Th after 2 pm with a $30 purchase. Just mentioned FREE DUMPLINGS from Facebook., Beautiful dumplings. We're getting hungry just looking at them., Who has better dumplings? Gourmet Dumpling House or Taiwan Cafe? We are ready for a dumpling throwdown with GDH here on Facebook and on Twitter. Just use @TaiwanCafe617 on Twitter and #DumplingWars hash tag!, What's better than dumplings? Free dumplings. Share with your friends and we hope to see you soon. Just mention this post to redeem., Some love from Boston chef Joanne Chang on Twitter! “@jbchang: @TaiwanCafe617 u r my fav restaurant!” http://www.flourbakery.com/, A great write-up with pictures from Tiny Urban Kitchen: "Taiwan Cafe was one of the first of these Taiwanese restaurants to open soon after I graduated from college. Now, after all these years, it's still one of my favorites. The food is excellent, the kitchen is insanely fast, (serious, like 3-5 minutes and your food arrives), and it serves all of my favorite Taiwanese dishes.", Yeah. We hit 300 fans today for our FB page. Have some xiao long bao to celebrate!, Who is coming to Taiwan Cafe tonight? Share your photos and comments with us. We are also on Twitter @taiwancafe617., News of our re-opening made the Eater Boston site on Tuesday with the words "Rejoice all.", null, Thank you for making the grand reopening of Taiwan Cafe a huge success yesterday. We're lucky to has such devoted friends and fans. Here's a picture of our staff on the front steps right before we opened again., Our new fish tank. (Those guys are on the new menu in you were wondering.), Tomorrow!, We will reopen on Tuesday, Aug. 7. Come see the new Taiwan Cafe., We will be open next week!, null, Our shiny new railing on the front steps., Progress on the interior. Walls are finished. We are waiting on the flooring., Welcome to all of you who have newly "Liked" us on Facebook. While we're all waiting for the restaurant to open again, we would love to see you photos and hear your stories. Show and tell us what you miss., New interior., Drywall sanding and finishing., The new bathrooms. Much bigger, huh?, We will be open in late June. These renovations always take longer (and cost more) than expected., Thanks for the hand-written notes on our front door. We miss you too!, Wallboard is up now. The interior is coming back together., Today we reached 101 followers. Thanks to our friends and customers, you're the best., Got a bad review, one star. Do you agree? “ will (@thebestinMA): Wira B.'s Review of Taiwan Café - Boston (1/5) on Yelp. http://bit.ly/H882jA”, “ Le Chou Sauvage (@LeChouSauvage): Chinatown at night. #boston #chinatown  http://instagr.am/p/IexLE5k6V4/”, We will! “ Christopher Chan (@chodexs) can't wait till you guys open up again. hopefully you'll still have bacon cut pork on rice and the teddy bear plate”, 26 simple ways to cook Chinese food at home http://fandw.me/C7q  Food & Wine magazine (@fandw), New ventilation system., Framing is going up inside., Interior renovations., null, null, View of front windows., Under construction., Demolition of the old interior., Renovations are under way. The inside is stripped down to the bare floor and walls. We found an old tin ceiling underneath the newer one., CNN named Boston's own Taiwan Cafe among the top 50 Best Chinese restaurants in America. (Scroll to the bottom of the article to see the review.), Please let your friends who like Taiwan Cafe know about our Facebook page. We will post more about the renovations soon. Thank you., null, Tonight's the last night before we close for renovations! Come by for a special Leap Day meal., If you haven't heard, we're closing for renovations for one month starting on March 1. We are open tomorrow and Feb. 29., Taipei is 7,700 miles or 14,400 km from Boston. It take 16 hours (not including connections) to get there.  #taiwan #boston #funfacts, Six days left to until we close for renovations. Come see us before March 1!, We will be closed for renovations starting on March 1 and we hope to reopen in one month. Thank you for your patronage!, Happy Friday and three-day weekend for some. How are you going to spend it?, Happy Valentine's Day from your friends at Taiwan Cafe!, Follow us on Twitter @TaiwanCafe617, The full menu from lunch to appetizers to dinner entrees and chef specials., Happy Chinese New Year! Welcome to the year of the Dragon. Wishing you happiness and prosperity!, Stay warm tonight if you go out. It's a cold, cold night in Boston., We can hear your stomachs rumbling. Come join us for some beef with long horn pepper or some pork with bamboo., Lunch at Taiwan Cafe makes my day. There's a poem for you., What is your favorite dish at Taiwan Cafe and why?, null, Wednesdays with any lunch item, try our sweet corn and shrimp soup. It's delicious., A beautiful Friday derseves some Taiwan Cafe., It's a new week. Come enjoy some flavor to spice up your Monday., Did you know that sa cha sauce is a condiment used in Taiwan cuisine? It's made of spicy and savory ingredients including chilis and fish/shrimp pastes. Try it in lunch special #2 - Beef with Watercress and Sa Cha sauce., Fridays are our busiest day for lunch. All tables are full and there is a line out the door by 12:15. So come on the early side., Who's joining us for TC Thursday? Noon tomorrow?, It's "good soup" Wednesday today at TC. Corn, chicken, and seafood egg-drop soup with lunch., Beef with Longhorn Pepper, a haiku -- First on the lunch menu/Savory meat laced with waves of green/Mouths warmed by your touch., null, [Flickr] dmhergert (Marty Hergert) shared a Flickr photo with you)