List(http://www.jamesbeard.org/events/bold-asian-flavor

Chef Tang will be cooking at James Beard House in New York City on February 29th.  Please mention you are a "friend of the restaurant" when making your reservation to get the discounted price., Go see Chef Tang at his new digs Banyan Bar & Refuge!  Just named one of "The Hottest Restaurants in Boston" by Eater., Here are some pics from last week's "Anticipation of Spring" dinner, tickets are still available for this Saturday's installment.  Get tickets here:  http://bit.ly/1Ga2Wxp, We have changed our schedule for the first installment of the "Anticipation of Spring" dinner, we will be hosting a single seating at 7:30.  Thank you to the friends who have pointed out the fact "who the hell can make it out to a 5:30 dinner on a Friday night?"  Sorry, I don't really remember what normal work schedules are like.  Buy tix here: http://bit.ly/1Ga2Wxp, pop up dinner series, first installment march 20th, buy tickets here: http://bit.ly/1Ga2Wxp, Thank you!, Thank you so much to everyone that came out to celebrate our last night at East By Northeast! The whole crew appreciates all the love and support you've shown us over the past 5 years. THANK YOU!!, null, null, Thank you for the kind words!!!!

"I'm so sad that ExNE is closing on March 8th.  This is one of my favorite restaurants, and I really love Blayne, who is the best general manager I have ever seen.  I overheard her remembering that one customer didn't like cilantro!  She really makes you feel like you're going to someone's home for dinner.", Only 7 more days...., Feeling the love!!! I'm so thankful to have met so many amazing people during my five years at exne...thank you Suzy and Charlie for the beautiful flowers, delicious chocolate and great friendship! ♥Blayne, 8 Days Left till East By Northeast is closed....forever! So, come on by and say goodbye, we'll miss you!, Free dinner for anyone, male or female, who comes in for dinner wearing this dress tonight! #whocareswhatcoloritisitsUGLY =), 9 MORE DAYS TIL WE OUT!, ONLY 10 DAYS LEFT....#86ExNE, 13 Days Left!, Lucky number 13!! Only 13 more days left to visit the crew at ExNE before we shut the doors....Last chance to enjoy our famous Crispy Pork Belly, Handmade Noodles, Unique Flavors and Fun Service! #86ExNE, Before we bow out...WE'RE BAO-ING OUT! Tonight we have a pan fried veggie bao, with shiitake, egg and napa, smoked tahini puree and herb relish! #86ExNE, Dear friends and followers,
This will be our final newsletter as we are closing East by Northeast in early March.  The last five years have been exciting, educational, frustrating, fulfilling, and I will always look back at this time fondly.  EXNE was a chance to express myself as a chef by cooking food that was personal, unique, and inspired by my Chinese American experience. I have also learned a great deal about the operation and ownership of a restaurant and those experiences will only help me as I continue to do what I love in the future. I am eternally grateful for the support from friends, family, dedicated staff, and loyal guests.

As I move forward in my career, I am thrilled to share that I’ll be working on a new concept with The Gallows Group. I hope you’ll keep an eye out for further details this spring. I will miss the familiar faces I have come to see every week (you know who you are), but I hope to see everyone at our new venture. Please brave the terrible weather and join us at East by Northeast in the remaining few weeks before we close our doors.  Our last day will be March 8th and I invite you to stop by, have some drinks, and we’ll send food until we run out. 

Truly,
Phil Tang, Chef and Owner, East by Northeast, Gong Xi Fa Cai

Wishing everyone a happy and healthy new year!!, Snow - 2    East by Northeast - 0

First Juno now Neptune....these bullies have forced us to close again tonight.  Sorry guys, we tried! Hopefully we see you soon, stay warm♥♡♥, We will be OPEN tonight!! So please come on by and say Hi to Blayne, Phil and BangBang! The boys are busy making a special (free) treat for everyone that comes in tonight!, Thank you Richard...we all, big and small restaurants alike, appreciate you and your limitless support!, Ain't "snow"one gonna get us down! We've made some delicious Calamari Takoyaki as a treat for everyone that ventures to ExNE tonight! So tonight we're havin' a "ball" and you will too as a thank you from us for showing us "snow" much love!, Hurry and get your booties in here before the stupid snow comes back....I feel like this is my post every Saturday and Sunday before a Monday storm, oh wait....it is! See ya soon!, Well kiddos we do miss you and love you BUT we have decided to close for tonight as we're off building snowmen and frolicking in the snow! See you tomorrow♥♥ Remember power hour from 5-7pm!, We have the best guests ever!!!! And on nights like this we especially know it cause they bring gifts to say thank you!

And you know you have the best manager ever, Blayne, when they bring these gift for her!

Thank you♥♥♥, We're back!!!! You have cabin fever?? Come visit us for "Power Hour" choice of any noodle, bun or side for only $25!!! Come hang out with us...we miss you!, Did "juno" we will be closed tonight? 

Well, now ya do :-) 

Happy Snow Day Everyone...stay warm and safe!, Our friends at New Deal Fish Market Inc. "Haking it up" this lovely Friday afternoon!  Make sure you watch the video with the volume up, you won't be sorry!, Ain't nothin' "flat" about these "balls" and there's no "deflating" their taste! Cauliflower croquettes, smoked tahini, preserved lemon & cilantro relish. #smokedjustlikethecolts #deflategate #ballsfordays, Thank you Katie Chudy and Eater Boston you guys rock!, This is a great day for Ramen...warm, delicious and good for your soul! Come on by for our power hour- one bun, veggie and noodle for only $25!, Happy Birthday to all our friends at Oleana...may you have a million more♥♥, We're doin' it up right...braised short ribs, jonah crab chawanmushi, spice crusted swordfish belly, five spice foie gras cannelloni & apple tartlette...it's gonna be fun, casual and a great way to ring in the new year!! Call us today we still have room!!, The big night is almost here...let's welcome 2015 with a bang! Join us for a delicious 5 course tasting before the insanity of the night ensues. Check out the menu below

http://exnecambridge.com/category/happenings/, The holiday hangover should be gone (hopefully) but NYE debauchery is right around the corner! So let us be your happy medium...come on by tonight for some delicious noodles, buns and perhaps our NEW Mezcal & Burnt Orange cocktail, cause really, you only live once!, We're back!! Hope you all had a wonderful Christmas full of laughter, joy, and great food!! If you're sick of cooking let us help you out...tonight we are featuring our NEW Beef and Broccoli- Soy marinated beef, broccoli rabe, garlic chive, rice cakes, garlic peppercorn sauce and smoked pepper jam! See you tonight!, Eat, Drink and be Merry!!, Thank you Paul!!! This was unbelievably sweet of you to get the whole staff at exne presents! We're so lucky to have you in our restaurant and lives♡, Had a last minute cancellation tonight...so we have room for you! Come hang out with the crew and join in the fun!!!, It's the weekend before a short work week, holiday time, family time, drinking and eating time....East By Northeast time!! Come on by and share in our holiday cheer. We're bring back some specials by popular demand 1. Smoked Bluefish Pate 2. Curried Lamb Croquettes. See you this weekend!, Looking for NYE plans? Come ring in the new year with us and some amazingly delicious food!! Want some CHAWANMUSHI? SPICE CRUSTED SWORDFISH BELLY, BRAISED BEEF SHORT RIBS & FOIE GRAS? Well we are the place for you=) Anytime you want and only $65 per person (best deal in the city). Give us a call today to make your reservation 617-876-0286, Another gloomy day outside....so let us brighten up your mood with our noodle power hour! From 5-7 Tuesdays thru Thursdays we'll lift your spirits with a side, bun and noodle dish of your choosing for only $25!!, Thanks again #zagat !, So very proud of our amazingly talented sous Tom for be awarded Zagat's 30 under 30!! And congrats to everyone, you are a truly talented group of people the industry is lucky to have you!, Starts today kiddos..."Noodle Power Hour" from 5pm-7pm come and get a noodle, bun and side for only $25!, Right and Left we're new-ing it up at ExNE...Starting this Tuesday (thru Thursday, every week) we will be offering you a dinner deal!! You can get any noodle dish, bun of your choosing and a small of your liking...all three for only $25 from 5pm-7pm every Tuesday, Wednesday and Thursday....see you this week!, Happy Small Business Saturday...if you're not dining with us please visit our friends at Sarma, Sycamore, Cafe Sushi, Tap & Trotter, Bergamont, Oleana, True Bistro and Redds In Rozie's, Cha-Cha-Cha Changes....focusing more on our delicious handmade noodles!! Here are some of the new dishes..., Time to stop your Thanksgiving prep and join us for a beer/cocktail and some noodles...we will be closed tomorrow as we all have plans to eat our weight in turkey and fixin's but we will be back Friday at 5pm.  Happy Thanksgiving!!, Thank you everyone that came in tonight for the debut of our menu...we appreciate your patience, love and support!  We have lots of fun things coming up super soon...I'll keep ya posted I promise♥♥ FYI our new menu is on our website www.exnecambridge.com, Have you had our ramen? Do you think it's the best? Let @eater know on their ramen forum today...and insider tip, exne will be offering our amazing ramen every night of the week soon plus a veggie version too!, THANK YOU!! Below is a really sweet new Open Table review....we are really glad you had a great time, we enjoyed having you and look forward to seeing you again soon! 

Memorable birthday meal
Dined on 11/8/2014
We were celebrating a friend's 40th birthday and it was certainly a night to remember. Since we couldn't decide from the many delicious-sounding dishes, we let our server, Blayne, make all the choices for us. A very good decision, indeed! Everything she brought to our table was outstanding. So many unique flavors and combinations - and the tapas-size portions means you can sample an incredible array of dishes. Cocktails are inventive and delicious, beer selection is awesome (didn't do wine, so can't comment). Can't wait to go back. And so glad we bought some house-made hot sauce to go - it's amazing on anything and everything., If you wanna see where the best fish in the city comes from and funny fish puns by Garrett follow @newdealfishmarket, Just cause we're closed on Mondays doesn't mean you should go hungry...check out our friends at Sycamore!!!! You'll Thank us later!, Sorry #KimKardashian but we got you beatl...check out these buns!! #dropsdamic #bunsoffun #booyah, Lovin' our friends @newdealfishmarket ...give 'em a like on FB, a tweet or a follow on instagram...They have the best, freshest fish in town!!, New Deal Fish Market....best in the city!, Happy Hump Day!!! Come get your ramen on at exne...pork & miso broth, pork confit, housemade ramen noods, soft boiled egg and toasted nori! See you soon♥, Get out there and VOTE!!! Show us your voter pride tonight and we'll reward you with a tasty treat on us! #getoutandvote, Well....we did just redesign the restaurant, we are preparing for our five year anniversary, we added the very, very popular "chefs window" and Chef Tang's the coolest! Maybe you think so too? Nominate our Tang if you can! Thank you., Let us warm you up tonight...braised beef shank in a spicy beef broth with tuscan kale, grilled scallions, thick cut wheat noodles and marrow butter!, Happy Birthday to our fearless leader PTang!!! We love you...enjoy your day jefe!, A closer look at our delicious sweet n' spicy crispy chicken wings...Tonight Only!, Tonight only....sweet n' spicy crispy chicken wings with garlic chips and pickled butternut squash. Made with love by our very talented Nick Schonberger and Tom Griffin, good job boys!, Wing-a-ding-ding....We're doing it up right tonight at ExNE!! In addition to our new fall menu with delicious dishes like Butternut Squash Bisque and Roasted Mushroom Stir Fry we are doing super crispy Chicken Wings with a sweet n' spicy sauce TONIGHT only!, Need plans for Sunday we got you covered...We're Winging it up ExNE style! 

This Sunday from 5-7pm we are making the best Chicken Wings you'll ever have...crispy and spicy with a bit of citrus to brighten your day...see you Sunday=), Jitti...the master of all things cool! Lots o' love to Jitti Chaithiraphant and Katie Chudy great article!!, Did you know that it is #NationalDessertDay ? YEP it is and we are celebrating with our delicious Red Miso Cake with burnt honey buttercream and chocolate covered pozole!, Soooo, it's Sunday, the Pats won, it's beautiful outside but you need dinner plans....Come hang out with us at ExNE!!! We have new cocktails tonight like the Thai Basil and Lime Gin Cocktail and our very own version of the classic "Dark n' Stormy! Plus we have lots of new dishes like the Squash Bisque with roasted pepitas and pickled shallots and Braised Beef Shank in a spicy beef broth with thick cut wheat noodles....See you tonight!, Street of Taipei is underway...., Thank you Bostinno for the amazing write-up on Chef Tang's unique Chef's Window Tasting!, Chefs Tang and Maslow take you on a delicious tour of Chinatown!, Come hang out with the ExNE crew THIS SUNDAY-FUNDAY at Ribfest where the Tang will be serving up some delicious smoked ribs with an apple butter hoisin sauce, Pork Belly Tacos and sweet mint iced tea! See you then!!, Dinner plans? How about some lamb & rice stuffed poblano peppers or thick cut wheat noodles with pork ragout OR stuffed lil neck clams OR thai basil poached calamari with housemade egg noodles? Hungry yet? See you soon!, L'Shanah Tovah!!! Wishing everyone a happy and healthy New Year!♥♥♥, it's RAMEN WEDNESDAY!!! And in addition with have a new dish tonight...Stuffed Poblano Pepper with curried lamb and rice, coconut sauce and housemade togarashi!, ExNE presents "The Streets of Taipei". Thursday, October 9th, Chef Tang and his crew will be exploring Taiwanese Street Food!! The menu for this special event can be found on our website 

www.exnecambridge.com

Don't wait...make your reservations today!!, Save the date....ExNE is doing Rib Fest!! October 5th from 12-4pm in East Cambridge (Cambridge St. & Faulkerson St.) 

https://www.eventbrite.com/e/smoke-this-rib-fest-2014-tickets-12552363457?ref=ebtn, Need dinner plans? We've got you covered....come have dinner with us! Start off with our grilled eggplant with spicy chili salt, garlic aioli, crispy fried shallots and a pickled shishito pepper. Then get some famous Tang crispy pork belly on house made mantou bread...and of course ya gotta get some noodles...some pork ragout or cold sesame noodles. We've got your dinner covered!, Chef Tang doing it up right! Whole fish wrapped in a bamboo leaf then salt crusted(beyond belief)....resulted in a delicious, delicate, fun and insanely flavorable fish dish! #GoTangGo, Joining the all the cool kids at Rib fest 2014....we can't wait, hope to see you all there October 5th!!!, Labor Day came and went but the summer heat is still here!!! Come on by tonight for some delicious Reyka vodka with strawberry, lemon and mint soda or our amazing Chilled corn and coconut milk soup with house smoked tofu, red curry oil and puffed pozole!!!, Via Patrick Maguire Great interview with the ever-sassy, Blayne Daley of East by Northeast. Go visit her if you're thick skinned, have a sense of humor and like great food and drink.
, Wanna work with great people and amazing food....WE'RE HIRING and we want you!!! ExNE is looking for a Server/Host if you are interested or know someone that is please email us at exnerestaurant@gmail.com, New tonight...PTang's BLT...."Lambcetta", local tomatoes, arugula and aioli on steamed housemade mantou bread!, Are you tired from moving? Not looking forward to the rain storm that's coming? Well come on by East...we'll feed you, ply you with booze and help make your week start off on the right note!, New tonight....fried rabbit nuggets with yellow curry salt, green pepper jam and fresh heirloom tomatoes!, WE'RE BACK!!!!! So, sadly our vacation is over but we are all refreshed and raring to go! So come on by and say hello, get some noodles and tell us what you've been up to! See you tonight!, Party time at ExNE TONIGHT, and you're invited! We're going on VACATION all next week so it's time hang with the crew at east before we get the hell outta here! From 8-10 (ish) as a special treat, for $20 tonight only you will get a noodle dish and a multitude of surprises from the chef! See ya tonight!, Don't forget to join us tomorrow night for, "Sunday-Funday Our Last Hurrah before VACATION". We will be doing it up right...lots o' drinking and eating. $20 will get you a noodle dish and few secret treats from the kitchen...come hang with us tomorrow!!, Staff meal realness...shrimp tacos!, We're starting our week long vacation off right...with YOU! Join us this Sunday from 8-10pm for a pre-vacation special treat. $20 will get ya one of our delicious housemade noodle dishes plus some extra special secret treats from the chef! Drinking isn't required but encourged...we will be on vacation from the 18th-25th., We've takin' the challenge...now it's your turn @sarmarestaurant @Sycamore_Newton @Commnwlth @chefnookie @ReddsInRozzie @HungryMotherMA, Only one week left till VACATION....we will be closed next week Aug.18th-Aug. 25th for fun, sun and debauchery!! Come in while you can and have some pre-vacation fun with us!, Dynamic duo!, Here's our new housemade scallion pancake with sweet-n-sour beef tongue (insert dirty joke here) served with a chinese hot mustard. #funatwork, Gotta another new one for you tonight....sweet and sour beef tongue stuffed housemade scallion pancakes with chinese hot mustard sauce....picture soon!, Thank you to everyone that came out last night to give our new ramen a whirl, we hope you all enjoyed it...because we enjoyed having you here!, It's a beautiful day to try our new ramen! Come on by for Chef Tang's delicious pork and miso broth with housemade noodles, smoked pork confit, corn relish and toasted nori..#WednesdayRamen, Summertime NEW ramen, miso & pork broth, housesmoked pork confit, fresh corn relish, xo sauce and nori...Wednesday's only!, It's so beautiful out we understand we won't see you till after the sun goes down...but as it turns out we do have a few tables open tonight...so after you are done sunbathing, playing outside or swimming come on by and visit us! We'll fill you full of tasty treats!, All this sweet Foxboro boy wants for his birthday is a bunch of cards with his name on them! Our GM Blayne shares the same birthday with sweet Danny and all she wants for her birthday is for you to get him a funny/cute card to brighten up his bday! 

If you bring in cards for Danny any night this week we will match you card for card, pay the postage and send them out for you...let's make this the best birthday ever!, Hope everyone is having a wonderful weekend!!! If ya wanna come on by tonight we have some delicious dishes for you like crispy fried monkfish, chilled corn and coconut milk soup, poached calamari and egg noodles....and much, much more!, Only 1 day left to make your reservations for our hot and spicy Sichuan Dinner tomorrow!!! You're not gonna want to miss this one with twice cooked pork belly, water poached monkfish and crispy rabbit! Go to Opentable or give us a call at 617.876.0286 after 4pm we'll get ya in!, We are so honored that the beautiful Marjorie Liu, when asked what her favorite restaurant was, mentioned ExNE along with the amazingly delicious Cafe Sushi as her favorite places in a recent interview. Thank you Marjorie...we love you too!!, NEW....Stuffed mandarin pancake, porcini mushrooms, sunchokes, napa cabbage, garlic chive, egg, tomato cilantro sauce!, "The Chef's Window"

Our newest dining experience is meant to break down the barrier between the chef and the guest.  The menu will change night to night, and will be comprised of the newest dishes we are working on.  The chef will present all the dishes, giving the guests a chance to interact and delve a bit deeper into the creation of the menu.  Food allergies can be accommodated but this is an omnivore menu, so we do not recommend this option for vegetarians.  For reservations please call us directly at 617.876.0286 after 4 pm, with at least 24 hours advanced notice., "The Chef's Window"

The goal of our newest tasting experience is to break down the barrier between the chef and the guest.  The menu will change night to night, and will be comprised of the newest dishes we are working on. The chef will present all the dishes, giving the guests a chance to interact and delve a bit deeper into the creation of the menu.  Food allergies can be accommodated but this is an omnivore menu, so we do not recommend this option for vegetarians.  For reservations please call us directly at 617.876.0286 after 4 pm, with at least 24 hours advanced notice., It's a beautiful day for some rosé!, Can't wait to support our friends....hope we see you all there this Friday!♥, We're filling up fast for our much anticipated Sichuan Dinner July 17th....Tapioca Noodles, Fried Rabbit, Twice Cooked Pork Belly, Veal "Mapo Tofu" and Water Poached Monkfish....it's gonna be a good night!, Smoked bluefish salad, fingerling potatoes, pickled green beans, sesame mustard dressing, crispy rice, Chilled corn and coconut milk soup, red curry oil, smoked tofu, puffed barley, It's game time....but we're here till 10pm so we'll see you after the game!, Proud to be among such a great list of amazing restaurants!!! Thank you!, Let us amuse your bouche tonight! Soy bean hummus with greens and radish♥, Testing new dishes for our Sichuan Dinner July 17th...tapioca noodles with pickled green beans, red peppers and Chinese peppercorn., Sounds so great...we love our friends at Sarma, if ya don't know now ya know♥♥, null, Jonah crab & hake croquettes, green curry and pickled ramp remoulade, watercress and fiddlehead fern salad #ballsoffun, NEW...pork, pea and pea tendril water dumplings with a pea puree and mint cilantro relish! #easypeasy, Mark your calendars...Thursday, July 17th Chef Tang will be doing a special Sichuan Dinner for all you spice lovers!! Make your reservations today, this is going to be the best one yet!, Holy MACKEREL!  Pickled mackerel,  radish, garlic scapes, soy glaze and pickled mustard...delicious!, Come and get it!!!, Thirsty Thursday at ExNE...come on by and enjoy one of our housemade cocktails such as the matusalem 10yr rum with our very own beet and sassafras soda or our star anise infused 12yr bourbon with ginger soda!, Golden pearl pork meatballs,  sauteed Chinese broccoli and ramps,  caramelized shallot puree.....tonight,  Eastern Chinese Tasting♥♥, We have spots left....give us a call today!!!, You're not going to want to miss this one...I just have two words for you....SOUP DUMPLINGS! Check out the menu on our website under the happenings tab and call today to make a reservation, there are only a few spots left!, Chef Tang hard at work perfecting his soup dumplings for our Eastern China dinner next week....pictures coming soon!, June 5th....Chef Tang is making smoked pork SOUP DUMPLINGS w/ jonah crab, ginger and black vinegar for our final installment of ExNE Explores. You don't wanna miss this one!, Don't forget June 5th is our last installment of "ExNE Explores" where we will be featuring the cuisine of Southern China! We have saved the best for last so please make your reservations today, we will surely book up fast for this one and we'd hate for you to miss out., We will be closed this evening for a private celebration! Dennis & Joshua's rehearsal dinner. Congratulations & may you live happily ever after together!!, We are sad to see our Charlotte leave us but we wish her nothing but great things in the future!! With that, we are hiring a new server/host to join our crazy/fun little family. If you know anyone interested please have them send their resume to us at exnerestaurant@gmail.com, A delicious reminder for all of you that today is Ramen Wednesday at ExNE...Pork confit, pork and fish fumet broth, housemade ramen noodles, toasted nori and our very own monkfish liver butter....Don't miss another chance to enjoy this amazing dish!, We had such a nice time hosting Sam Monsour and Mark O'Leary and The Future of Junk Food Part II....Thank you to everyone that came out, helped out and hung out!!! We had so much fun and we've all got the hangover to prove it!, Working on a new cocktail to join our new gin & rose water awesomeness...12yr rum with a housemade beet and sassafras soda, looking like a winner!, New tonight....pork croquettes, hot chinese mustard, watercress salad and pickled ramps....delicious!!!!, New tonight...Smoked scallop crudo with asian pears, ramp puree and salmon roe!, Only two days left till our Southern Chinese Tasting!!! Where you will enjoy dishes such as lobster congee, salmon roe, poached rhubarb, ginger scallion relish and crispy daikon cake, smoke hake, XO sauce, pickled ramps. The full menu is up on our website, call today to make a reservation! 

www.exnecambridge.com
, Make your reservations today for the third installment of ExNE Explores...Southern China May 1st. The menu is up on our website www.exnecambridge.com, Happy Passover!!! Delicious matzo ball soup staff meal courtesy of our GM Blayne!!, Damn damn we got some Dan-Dan Noodles tonight with sesame sauce, shiitake mushrooms, pickled kohlrabi and shiitake crumble!, So many ways to snag a table @ ExNE..@OpenTable @SoonSpoonHQ our website http://www.exnecambridge.com  or kick it old school and CALL 617-876-0286, It's ramen time!, New tonight....cured duck breast, duck liver pate, grilled scallions all in a griddled mandarin pancake with roasted parsnip hoisin sauce and a salad of radish, scallion and apple!, We still have some room for TONIGHT'S Northern Chinese inspired chef's tasting....menu includes hot and sour soup with poached duck liver and tofu, griddled cornbread "wotou", hake and celery water dumplings, cured duck breast and crispy pork belly....don't miss out!!!, Last chance to get in on our Northern Chinese Dinner tomorrow night! 5 delicious courses for $45pp...call today and make a reservation!  I have spots open at 5pm, 8pm and 8:30pm!, The next installment of "ExNE Explores" is this Thursday, April 3rd...check out the menu on our site www.exnecambridge.com ...Call or go on Opentable to make reservations, this is going to be a busy one, don't wait!, Have you voted today? Please take a second and vote for Chef Tang for Peoples Best New Chef Food & Wine 

www.foodandwine.com/the-peoples-bnc

#GoTangGo, PTang is our culinary rockstar!!!! Please Vote for him at  Food & Wine for Best New Chef!!! #PeoplesBNC #GoTangGo 

www.foodandwine.com/the-peoples-bnc

Please tell your friends, share this link, vote everywhere you can!! There is only two days left., #GoTangGo  Phillip Tang for Food & Wine Best New Chef ....the kids got moves both in and out of the kitchen! Head to www.foodandwine.com/the-peoples-bnc to VOTE, Day two...Time To Vote Again for the Tang #PeoplesBNC Food & Wine Best New Chef- New England!!! 

http://www.foodandwine.com/blogs/2014/03/24/the-peoples-best-new-chef-new-england-chefs

#GoTangGo, null, The time has come for Phillip Tang to become Food & Wine Best New Chef, New England!!!   #PeoplesBNC

http://www.foodandwine.com/blogs/2014/03/24/the-peoples-best-new-chef-new-england-chefs

#GoTangGo  Please vote today, tomorrow and everyday! Tell your friends, family, co-workers, besties, enemies, barista, pharmacist, hairstylist, mailperson, dogwalker...you know what I'm sayin' =), Munching up the second round...Thank you for everyone that has been voting for our lil joint!!! Let's see if we can get to round three!

#munchmadness

http://www.boston.com/ae/restaurants/specials/munch_madness/2014/, Come and celebrate the last day of winter with a warm delicious bowl of housemade Ramen tonight! Hop into Spring with our Mayflower Spring Hop Ale....sound like fun? Give us a call and let us know when you wanna come by...see you tonight!, Come in out of the rain and get your Ramen on....Pork and fish fumet broth, pork confit, housemade ramen noodles, monkfish liver butter and toasted nori!, Thank you Katie Chudy for taking lots of beautiful pictures yesterday, we really appreciate it!!!, Tonight's the night and we still have a few spots available....lamb lovers don't miss this one, it's gonna be amazing! Call or opentable for the last few spots!, Time to get your Munch Madness on....Vote for East By Northeast please=), The time has come for the lil restaurant that could....Please vote for East By Northeast!!!, Alright all you lamb lovers this is your night....Thursday, March 6th we will begin the first in our four part dinner series "ExNE Explores" with Western China! Check out the menu at 

http://exnecambridge.com/category/happenings/

 Chef Tang is hand pulling kazakh noodles for the event...in addition to confit lamb belly, lamb roasted sweet potatoes, lamb ragout and braised lamb shoulder! Please share with your friends!, Alright all you lamb lovers this is your night....Thursday, March 6th we will begin the first in our four part dinner series "ExNE Explores" with Western China! Check out the menu at 

http://exnecambridge.com/category/happenings/

Chef Tang is hand pulling kazakh noodles for the event...in addition to confit lamb belly, lamb roasted sweet potatoes, lamb ragout and braised lamb shoulder! Please share with your friends!, Well hello 2014 exnecambridge is now on Instagram...so go on and give us a follow at exnecambridge !!, It's a cold one out today...so come on by and warm up with a delicious bowl of thick cut wheat noodles in a spicy beef broth, braised beef shank, roasted onions and kale!!!, Thursday, March 6th we begin our four part dinner series "ExNE

Explores" the varied cuisine of China. Check out the details at

http://exnecambridge.com/specials/, It's National Margarita Day...and boy do we have a good one for you...lunazul reposado tequila, housemade cilantro lime soda, fresh lime juice and spiced salt!, Our Sous is sweeter then yours #beetthat #heartbeet #willyouacceptthisrose #nothingbeetsthis, How sweet it is...new tonight, griddled brioche pudding, sesame tahini caramel sauce, sesame brittle., Eh, we're use to the snow by now...don't let that ruin your Saturday night out! Hop in a cab and come hang out with us...we have sweet treats for all who brave the elements! If you insist on driving, give me a call after 4pm and I'll let you know where you can park., Happy Valentine's Day to all of our loved ones!!!!

 Eat, Drink and Love!!, We're open....so come on by and get your food on!!! NEW tonight, crispy hake filet with spicy veal mapo and a crisp celery and cilantro salad!, Smoked pork confit, housemade ramen noodles, soft boiled egg and toasted nori!!, Ramen Wednesday is here!!!, Congratz to our buddies...can't wait to buy it!, Mazel to our good friends The Gallows!, Don't forget tomorrow starts our Ramen Wednesdays...kickin' it off right with smoked pork confit ramen in a delicious pork broth and Chef Tang's own monkfish liver butter! See you tomorrow 5pm-10pm., Snow Day!! East by Northeast will be closed today, mother nature wins this one., Thank you Wayne, Maya, Marjorie and Junot!! Xin Nian Kuai Le ♥ love you!, Sweet way to start the New Year!, Housemade Ramen!!!!!, Fish whimsy!, "Red envelope" for good luck!, Amusing your bouche on this New Year!, Xin Nian Kuai Le 

Happy New Year!!!, We have open tables at 7:45 and 8:30 TONIGHT...call now before they are gone!, Hand rolled cannelloni, Xing Nian Kuai Le from EXNE!
New Year Menu

“red envelop” rice noodle with smoked hake and kale, sweet soy glaze, crispy shallots

jonah crab, shrimp and carrot water dumplings, pickled jalapeño and cilantro relish, ginger black bean vinegar

fish stew, puff pastry, ginger scallion chutney

pork and sunchoke meatballs, egg noodle soup, poached monkfish liver, greens

crêpe, red bean mousse, black sesame chocolate ganache, Turnip and smoked tofu pastries!, We Are OPEN!!! Neither rain nor snow nor artic vortex can keep us from making you happy with Chef Tang's amazing food! So put on your snow shoes, ski boots or bob sled attire and come visit!, If you wanna see what a hangover looks like....come visit us at ExNE tonight=), Thank you for the beautiful orchids George....our romantic lighting made it hard to photograph but they are beautiful!, Lookin' kind of light on reservations this week kids...now would be the perfect time to come on out and have a wonderful dinner at east!, Come and celebrate Chinese New Year with us!!! Thursday, January 30th with a five course fixed price menu for $55 dollars per person.  The menu has yet to be finalized, but we will be serving some traditional Chinese New Year’s favorites with an East by Northeast spin.  We will be presenting fish, dumplings, noodles, and red envelopes, all traditionally served to symbolize good fortune in the New Year.  For this evening we will not be offering a vegetarian option, and if there are any food allergies in your party please let us know in advance to give us the time to accommodate., Chinese New Year is almost here and we wanna celebrate with you!!!! Thursday,  January 30th we will be ringing in the new year with a special 5-course tasting exne style...don't wait, make your reservations now., ****New**** Beet Salad, roasted beets, golden beets, apples, frisee and sesame miso dressing.

Citrus Salad, escarole, grapefruit, daikon, soy ginger vinaigrette, sesame cashews

Banh Mi- pork terrine and lamb liver mousse, sesame mustard, carrot and daikon slaw, toasted mantou bread

Smoked King Oyster Mushrooms, short rice noodles, chinese broccoli, parsnips, sweet bean sauce.

SEE YA TONIGHT!!, Chinese New Year is fast approaching and we are going to CELEBRATE with a special 5-course chef's tasting!!, ExNE turns 4 today!!!!

Thank you everyone so much for your big appetites, endless 
support and love...we are forever grateful!!!! And here is an 
anniversary present for you...Chef Tang has been hard at work creating new dishes, roasted beet salad, citrus salad, smoked king oyster mushroom short rice noods and oyster and smoked scallop pate a choux! HAPPY ANNIVERSARY=), We're clearing off the snow, warming up the restaurant,  braising, smoking, poaching and spicing things up for tonight....see ya later!!!!, We're Open!!! A little blizzard can't scare us:-), Wishing everyone a Happy and Healthy New Year!!!!, Nothing better then a Saturday at ExNE...come and join us for Stephen's Last Night as part of the ExNE crew!! We will miss our Stephen but no time for tears instead we will eat, drink and be merry...come out and join in all the fun!, Happy Happy Holidays Everyone!! 

We will be closed Christmas Eve &

Christmas Day...Eat, Drink and Be

Merry!! We'll see you on Thursday 

at 5pm♥ Don't forget to make your 

NEW YEAR'S EVE reservations soon we have some surprises in store for you!, Our NYE menu is now online- http://exnecambridge.com/menu/

We're doing it up right....welcome 2014!!

Check it out...but here's a little tease....

Fried Island Creek Oysters

Duck Broth Wonton Soup

Lamb Three Ways

Crispy Pork Belly with smoked scallops....and a Vegetarian Menu is also available....so make your rezys today, we will book up!, Tonight's the night! If you've been waiting to come to ExNE now is the time....we are light on rezys tonight so if ya wanna come on by for a delicious and amazing dinner you're in luck! See you soon, happy Friday!, It's a wonderful night for pork and salt cod shaomai with pickled cubanelle pepper relish and a nitro milk stout! Now that's a Friday!, Gift Boxes are all done...swing on by today and get one for the one you love!!!, ExNE is looking for a new server....our dear Stephen is leaving us after two years and as he will be hard to replace we are looking for someone who can work 2-3 serving shifts plus two host shifts on Friday and Saturday nights. We are a fun bunch and are looking for someone awesome to join our crew! Please send your resume to exnerestaurant@gmail.com, Holiday Gift Boxes are here....call us today to reserve your box o' deliciousness!!, Looking for NYE plans...Come and ring in the New Year with us!! Chef Tang is creating a special menu for the evening, 5-courses sure to start your new year off right! Call today and reserve your spots!!, Tonight - Green Curry Seafood Stew Pate a Choux - local calamari and cherrystone clams, root vegetables and pickled cubanelle pepper relish!, Warming you right up tonight with Sticky Rice with smoked shiitake mushrooms, apple cured duck breast, crispy shallots and apple butter!, Happy Saturday! it's gonna be a busy one and we can't wait for everyone to try Chef's NEW Duck Ragout and Monkfish Noodles...sure to warm ya up on a cold night!, New and delicious pork terrine on toasted mantou with sesame mustard and carrot and daikon slaw!, Bye bye decorative gourds...hello decorative pine cones!, Cyber game sponsored by us....if you come in for dinner tonight and say the secret words "duck fat" to your server you get a special treat from us on the house!!!!, Wanna come in tonight? We have room so just give us a call and we'll reserve you a spot after all it is a great night for noodles, dumplings and pork belly Oh My=), Wondering what to do for dinner? How about having some of our delicious housemade noodles, dumplings and veggies...no need to cook tonight we've got ya covered! Tonight, short rice noodles with smoked chicken, celery root, gong bao sauce and toasted chili cashews!, Chef Tang's delicious SICHUAN BEEF NOODLE SOUP!, #nomoreturkey tonight we have smoked chicken,  celery root, gong bao sauce and toasted chili cashews!, Happy Wednesday!!! Wanna take a break from turkey day preparations? Come on by and get a bite tonight because we will be closed tomorrow! Happy Thanksgiving everyone!!!, Last night was awesome....so many wonderful people, THANK YOU!!  Looking forward to another fun one tonight...come on by and say HI and get your noodle on!, New tonight...Sautéed Brussels Sprouts with house cured LAMB BACON!, Come warm up with us...tea smoked chicken in a delicious xo broth with housemade short rice noodles and beef shank is back, braised beef shank in a spicy beef broth with roasted onions, word!, Check out our Blayne Daley on The Skinny Beets podcast having fun, a few beers and lots of laughs with Richard Chudy, Katie Chudy and Dylan Wise!, Our GM Blayne is honored to be a part of this wonderful article and amazing group of people!! Thank you!!, It's chili out, so let us warm you up with Chef Tang's delicious braised beef shank in a spicy beef broth with roasted onions and kale!, What the hake?, What the hake? New tonight...steamed hake with braised cabbage and an orange rice wine lees beurre blanc, delicious!!, Doin' it up right tonight!!! New braised beef shank in spicy beef broth with roasted onions and kale...and don't forget about dessert, housemade cream biscuits with ginger roasted pears, caramel miso sauce and fresh whipped cream, YUM!, Come celebrate with us....it's Chef Tang's birthday!!!! Happy Birthday Ptang ♥, Come get your pre-game on with us!! 12yr bourbon, mezcal tequila and thai basil gin OH MY!! GO SOX!♥, Want some belly in your belly before the game? Come pre-game with us!!! GO SOX!!!!, Yay...thank you for the wonderful review, we really appreciate it=), New Noodles....housemade short rice noodles with green beans, Chinese broccoli, garlic peppercorn sauce and chili cashews!!, New tonight...braised beef cheeks on toasted housemade mantou with pickled cabbage and a delicious honey aioli...YUM! Also...I dare to say the BEST broth in the city...Chef's BACON and XO broth with short rice noods, cabbage, squash and silken tofu! Let's all carb up for the Head of the Charles this weekend!, Thank you!!!, Holy Daikon!, Brrrrrr it's chilly out...so come on by for some warm and delicious noodles!!! Come and check out our new bacon and xo broth dish with silken tofu, cabbage and squash or our tea smoked chicken in broth with garlicky pickled cabbage and greens...they will warm ya right up!!, New dessert...cream biscuits,  roasted ginger pears and caramel miso sauce., Lobster and potato salad, togarashi and salmon roe!!, More new stuff for ya....Lobster and Potato Salad with togarashi and salmon roe...green and wax bean salad with lemon vinaigrette, pickled ramps and crispy shallots...& vegetable bao with chicken mushrooms, garlic chive, egg and soy glaze!! YUM!!, Lots o' changes are a comin'...New tonight...Napa cabbage salad with poached pears, sesame mustard dressing and a hard boiled egg. Plus created by popular demand Tea smoked chicken IN BROTH (bye summer, hi fall). Also we have a new dessert!!! Cream biscuits with ginger roasted pears and the most amazing caramel miso sauce!!, Thank you to Katie Chudy of The Skinny Beet, Richard Chudy of The Boston Burger Blog and Dylan Wise (who's not on FB wtf =) ) for having Blayney as a guest on your podcast last night!! Lots of fun was had!!!, null, Our GM and server extrodinair Blayne Daley is excited to be a guest on The Skinny Beet podcast tomorrow night!!! Thank you Richard Chudy and Katie Chudy., As the temps drop and the seasons change I wanna remind you to come in before the menu changes and get in on all the goodness that this menu has to offer. Such as our delicious miso honey butter corn on the cob, watermelon salad, smoked bluefish salad with sesame mustard dressing AND don't forget our seasonal cocktails like our watermelon with tequila and rum deliciousness or our thai basil cucumber gin drink!, Sunday-Funday at Exne....NEW pork and lamb sausage with short rice noodles, veggies and a yummy garlic peppercorn sauce!!, Thank you guys for another great review...we love having you and appreciate that you want to spend your special occasions with us!! See you soon!! -Blayne , Special special tonight...locally foraged maitake mushrooms, crispy with panko, housemade lardo, spiced salt & spiced tomato sauce!, Keeping the fun going tonight....Crispy rabbit confit with chili honey sauce and compressed watermelon!!!, Looking like a great night at ExNE lots of friends,  regulars and VIPs heading over for dinner tonight. We can't wait to see all of you!!, L' Shana Tovah!!!  Happy New Year...may it be happy, healthy and full of great food!!, It's back to school time and you know what that means....lots more people in the city and lots more traffic!! So instead of sitting in traffic and getting road rage come hang out with us!! We'll feed you till the traffic dies down and you can go home happy!!, So the long weekend is upon us...time to get your party on...come visit us at ExNE and have a cocktail and some of our delicious housemade noodles!!!, Happy Friday!!! Summer is coming to an end and so is our delicious summer menu...so make sure you make it in before we make the change! You don't want to miss out on our Corn on the Cob with honey miso butter or our Watermelon and Tofu Salad!!, Tonight...stuffed littleneck clams with smoked pork rib and thai basil black bean relish...delicious!!! See you tonight!, Shout out for the Blayney=), OOhhh yay...we're the picture!!! It's true we fly under the radar most of the time....but those of you who know and love us.....know that we appreciate you right back!!! , Last night at ExNE before we go on VACATION....come on by and get some delicious food and creative cocktails...we'll be here till 9:30pm!, Only three more days till---We Be Out---Vacation time for the hard working staff at ExNE, so stop on by this weekend and get your food on and give us a hug bye! We'll be back August 27th rested, relaxed and ready to go!, It's almost time for VACATION...remember the crew at ExNE will be on vacation from August 19th-26th...so stop on by before we're out!, Thank you for the great review....we're so lucky to have such wonderful guests each and every night, you make our job easy!!, New and delicious....Saute of housemade pork sausage with short rice noodles, grilled scallions, celery and garlic peppercorn sauce. AND egg noodles with creamed corn, smoked pork belly, xo sauce, poached farm egg and pickled jalapenos!, We're HIRING!!! help spread the word...WORD!

East by Northeast - Sous Chef  

East by Northeast in Inman Square is looking for a sous chef. At least 3 years prior restaurant experience is required, any less need not apply. This is a challenging position that demands a high level of skill and discipline. Candidates must be hard working and self-motivated. For the right candidate, this is a great opportunity to manage in a small kitchen environment. This is also a great opportunity for a young chef to hone their skills and use their creativity to participate in menu planning. If interested, send an email to the address below.

» How to apply  email: exnerestaurant@gmail.com, It's Sunday-Funday at ExNE...so stop playing candy crush and come on in for some delicious food and refreshing cocktails!!, Rolling out some NEW housemade cocktails tonight!!! 

-   el buho mezcal/sweet mint yunnan
    iced tea/lemon/bitters

-   reyka vodka/chrysanthemum/honey/
    lemon/white wine

-   damrak gin/sake/fresh cucumber
    water/lime/thai basil 

It's COCKTAIL TIME!!!!, Just had a last minute cancellation which is good news for you...two tables open at 7pm tonight,  give us a call and you're in!!, Did you know it's NATIONAL TEQUILA DAY!! So come and celebrate with our delicious smokey El Buho Mezcal cocktail with fresh cilantro and lime!!, It's a good day to put some Belly in your Belly...Crispy Pork Belly on steamed mantou bread with pickled red onions, sweet bean sauce and fresh cucumbers...Yummm!!, Get out of the rain, get out of the heat and come see us at ExNE, we'll dry you off, cool you down and fill your belly with delicious treats!!!, You know what could make you forget about this heat....twice cooked pork bell with steamed short rice noodles, garlic scapes, pickled jalapenos and garlic peppercorn sauce...It's so good you'll be like "what it's hot outside?", New sweet treat for you tonight...Housemade cream puffs with coconut pastry cream, peach and ginger coulis and a cashew crumble!! YUM, It's mochi time...lamb and pork filled mochi tonight!!, Back by popular demand...Chef Tang's amazing corn on the cob with honey miso butter, shiitake crumble and toasted nori!!!, Calling all Sous's...looking for a new addition to our team!!

East by Northeast - Sous Chef 

East by Northeast in Inman Square is looking for a sous chef. At least 3 years prior restaurant experience is required, any less need not apply. This is a challenging position that demands a high level of skill and discipline. Candidates must be hard working and self-motivated. For the right candidate, this is a great opportunity to manage in a small kitchen environment. This is also a great opportunity for a young chef to hone their skills and use their creativity to participate in menu planning. If interested, send an email to the address below.

» How to apply email: exnerestaurant@gmail.com, Check us out...#4...yay!!, Our Market Dinner was a success!! We hope you had as much fun as we did...Thank you to everyone that came out last night=), TONIGHT ONLY!!!! There are still spaces available...give us a call to reserve your spot. 617-876-0286 
 
Early-Summer Market Dinner
June 26, 2013

romaine salad, smoked miso cured bluefish, breakfast radish, creamy sesame dressing, mantou croutons

chilled potato and green garlic soup, silken tofu, marinated littleneck clams, chinese black bean mignonette

red chard wonton, green chard, rice wine lees buerre blanc

spiced lamb confit, housemade grilled flatbread, red kale salad, honey glazed carrots, mint and cilantro yogurt

coconut milk panna cotta, chrysanthemum poached strawberries, five-spice cashew crumble, Our new menu is now online...check out the delicious new creations by Chef Tang!  http://exnecambridge.com/menu/, null, The AMAZING menu for our Early-Summer Market Dinner is online at http://exnecambridge.com/menu/ Make your reservations today!! This is a special menu for one night only celebrating the start of the Massachusetts growing season and all of our local farmers!, Housemade hot sauce now available for purchase...only $8...come on by and pick one up today!!, We're havin' a ball tonight at exne...actually lamb filled sticky rice balls to be exact...come on by and start your weekend out right!!, "Early-Summer Market Dinner" all the best that our local farmers markets have to offer with a Chef Tang spin!!! Join us Wednesday June 26th for our 5-course dinner with such treats as the Tang's miso cured bluefish, littleneck clams with a Chinese black bean mignonette, pea and pea tendril wontons and a spiced lamb confit!!! It's gonna be a good one so don't miss out!, Chef Tang setting up for his free cooking demo at Trident Books on Newbury St. at 7pm...come one come all!!!, Get out your umbrellas and come join us tonight at Trident Books on Newbury for Chef Tang's cooking demo!! He will be serving up some delicious chilled corn soup with a spicy crab slaw! Plus we will be selling his delicious housemade HOT SAUCE for only $8...see you at 7pm!, Chef Tang is at it again... We are all excited about the farmers market season beginning again, and are anxiously awaiting the Massachusetts growing season to get into full swing.  It has been a while since our last themed dinner, but we will be hosting an "Early-Summer Market Dinner" on Wednesday June 26th.  Five courses inspired by the farmer's market for $45 per person (a vegetarian option will be available).  The menu will be up on the website soon!, http://tridentbookscafe.com/2013/05/21/cooking-demo-with-chef-phillip-tang-of-east-by-northeast/, This Thursday is Chef Tang's cooking demo at Trident Books on Newbury Street...7pm is when all the fun begins!!! Chef will be showing everyone there how to prepare a delicious summer chilled corn soup with a spicy fresh crab slaw! Also we will be bring our very own housemade HOT SAUCE available for purchase only $8! See you Thursday!, Our favorite....spice cured salmon tartar, garlic chive, celery, toasted cashew butter and housemade rice crackers!, It's a great day for some grilled asparagus with orange soy dressing, watercress and fresh horseradish!, It's another HOT one out there...so why don't you come and chill out with us and one of our delicious housemade cocktails!! It's Sangria Saturday at ExNE!, Chef's amuse tonight is so amusing (and delicious) chilled asparagus soup with smoked tofu, lime infused oil and fresh cilantro!!!!, uugghh...could it be any more humid out? get out of the heat and come and join us in our ac for some delicious food before the rain comes pouring down!!!, Act fast I have two tables at 7:30 tonight for dinner...come and join us for some delicious salmon tartar or veal and pork meatballs!, Proud to have the best front of the house in the city....good job guys!!!, It's a beautiful day for noodles....New - Veal & Pork thick cut wheat noodles, Poached Calamari soy caramel thai basil egg noodles, Smoked beef cheek sweet and sour crispy rice noodles...YUM!!!!, Looks like everyone is really enjoying our new menu...Thank you!!! Come on by and give the new dishes a try!, Happy Mother's Day!!!, Fresh pea salad, whipped silken tofu, smoked hake vinaigrette, toasted sesame seeds, Grilled asparagus, watercress, orange soy dressing, fresh horseradish!, Spice cured salmon tartar,  garlic chive, celery, toasted chili cashew butter and housemade rice crackers., Whole new menu style, layout and dishes start today...go to our website and check out all the new and delicious dishes like our spice cured salmon tartar, grilled asparagus salad, pea salad with whipped tofu, meatloaf sammy, scallion pancake with pulled pork and much much more!!! Stop by this week and check out all the changes!, Housemade egg noodles, chili garlic sauce, fennel, daikon, mint, miso mustard deviled egg., Asparagus panna cotta,  watercress,  fresh horseradish and orange TONIGHT!!, Noodle alert! New tonight: housemade thick cut wheat noodles with braised pork, fennel salad and garlic cabbage. Perfect for a cold rainy night. Open at 5. See you soon!, Our doors are open! Proud to be a part of this community. Come in and let's have a great Saturday night., Taste of The Nation!, null, Share our strength event, •Join us and an amazing group of Boston’s finest chefs, wineries, beers and specialty cocktail makers on April 18, 2013 to end childhood hunger: http://ce.strength.org/boston, You running the marathon tomorrow? Well come let us help you carb-o load with Chef Tang's delicious Root Vegetable Ragout or Braised Beef Shank both wit housemade thick cut wheat noodles!!! Run Forrest Run!!!, Tonight...pulled pork sandwiches with kimchi aioli and cabbage slaw, YUM!, It is quite a GOOD FRIDAY indeed cause where else can you get an 8-course tasting for only $39...the answer is nowhere! So come on by and enjoy Chef Tang's delicious creations!, Our delicious Golden Pearl Pork Meatballs are back!!! Also tonight Chef Tang has prepared beer braised beef cheeks that we are serving on housemade sesame biscuits with a kimchi aioli and marinated daikon....this dish will make you smile!! (pun intended=), We support marriage equality!!!, Aw...we're sad we didn't win...but we wanted to Thank Everyone for all your support and votes!!!  We love you guys!, null, VOTE for Chef Phillip Tang for Food and Wines Best New Chef!! Go to   foodandwine.com/peoples-best-new-chef/new-england and VOTE TODAY!!!, Come on you gotta love this face...especially when he's making 

you half price pork belly this Wednesday when we win!!!! Spread 

the word...vote for Phillip Tang foodandwine.com/peoples-best-
new-chef/new-england, HALF PRICE PORK BELLY THIS WEDNESDAY...if (and when) Phillip Tang wins Best New Chef in New England!! Vote today foodandwine.com/peoples-best-new-chef/new-england  Let's Celebrate the lil restaurant that could!!, Before you get your drink on tomorrow remember that the Vote is still on for Best New Chef for Food and Wine and we want Chef Tang to WIN!! So tell your friends, family, enemies, co-workers, mailman, butcher and candlestick maker to VOTE foodandwine.com/peoples-best-new-chef/new-england, Slow and steady wins the race!!! We're doing well but we still need your help. Please tell everyone you know, re-post, tweet it out...we are the little restaurant that could...win Best New Chef!! Go to www.foodandwine.com/peoples-best-new-chef/ and vote for Chef Phillip Tang!! Thank you!!, The vote is still on...let's support Chef Tang in becoming Food and Wine's Best New Chef! Go to http://www.foodandwine.com/peoples-best-new-chef 
VOTE TODAY!!, Please take a minute to vote for our very own Chef Tang for Best New Chef in the Northeast!!, Voting has begun...please go to http://www.foodandwine.com/peoples-best-new-chef/new-england
to vote for Chef Phillip Tang for Food and Wines Best New Chef, Just when we thought it couldn't get any better...tonight PTang has done it...panko crusted scallions with a smoked hake aioli!!! They're like the best onion rings ever but not rings and not onion onions they are so good I can't even discribe them...see you tonight!!!, Come out and support a great cause with Chef Tang and many other wonderful Boston and Cambridge restaurants this Thursday from 6:30-9pm at 125 High Street in Boston!!, Come out with Chef Tang and support this wonderful cause, Thursday from 6:30-9pm. Chef Tang will be serving up some delicious spice rubbed pork loin with an amazing smoked hake aioli and marinated veggies!!, Thank you!!!!, Happy anniversary to two of our favorites Trish & Herm!! Hope you're having a wonderful day and we'll see you soon!, This is why we do what we do! Chef Tang is amazing (we all know this) but in the front of the house we strive to provide the best service in the city and it's easy with great guests like this!  Thank you!!, Come out and support a great cause with Chef Tang...March 7th from 6:30-9:00pm! This is the 15th annual Chefs Cooking for Hope to help benefit cancer care and research at Dana Farber., New delicious salad tonight...napa cabbage, daikon, grapefruit, citrus poppyseed dressing, toasted cashews!!!, New twist on a recent favorite...Scallion black bean cake with lobster cream, Maine Shrimp, honshimeji mushrooms and carrot relish!!!, Happy Valentine's Day...sending everyone lots o' love from the crew at ExNE!, We are completely book for Valentine's Day, YAY!!! Thank you for wanting to spend this romantic day with us!! Please note that we strive to seat every party on time! We are a very small restaurant please be aware there will be a reservation following yours...we will be working extra hard to make this night special for everyone!!, We're back and ready to celebrate!!! We've dug our way out and are ready for Chinese New Year...Chef Tang working hard to prepare a delicious 5-course tasting for you tonight! Give us a call at 4pm to reserve your spot for tonight what a great excuss to finally get out of your house!, Sorry everyone but East By Northeast will be closed again tonight...we will try to get in touch with those that have a reservation for this evening but we can't get to the restaurant so it will be tricky...We hope to see you soon!!! Be safe and have fun in the snow!!, After lots of thought we've decided better safe then sorry so we will be closed this evening due to the impending winter storm. We'll be open again Saturday at 5...be safe everyone !!, Our Chinese New Year Dinner is booking up fast...don't miss out on all the goodness, check out the menu at  http://exnecambridge.com/menu/ Only $45 per person give us a call today to reserve your spot! 617-876-0286, The menu for our exclusive Chinese New Year 5-course tasting will be up on our website tonight...there will be stuffed cherry stone clams, daikon cakes with duck fat, steamed fish with candied kumquats, egg noodles with pork belly and a sweet dessert to ring in the new year...make your reservations today!! February 10th 617-876-0286, Chinese New Year is February 10th and we will be celebrating in style with an exclusive 5-course tasting!!! Only $45 per person...call today to make your reservations!!, Our first Sunday night dinner in over a year...come on by we will be open from 5-9:30pm...new braised beef agnolotti with parsnip puree and a kumquat and jalapeno chutney!!, Tonight...Soy & Stout Braised Beef Cheeks w/ butternut squash congee and pickled mustard greens!!, We are almost booked for our LAST brunch....we would love to see you but please call ahead beforehand !, Don't forget tomorrow is our last Dim Sum Brunch and it is going to be a busy one....so give us a call today and reserve your spot!! Saying goodbye to our scallion pancake sammys and sriracha bloody marys...don't miss out!, Gonna be a busy one tonight...but we do have a few spots still open if you wanna come on by! Just give us a call and we'll get ya in to enjoy our new braised beef cheek butternut squash congee or our new and delicious housemade cocktails!!  See you soon!, New cocktails tonight...matusalem 12yr rum & housemade spiced cola AND reyka vodka gimlet with thai basil & lime...YAY!!, Our favorite noodle is back...Monkfish liver sauce with our handmade egg noodles and a carrot and kohlrabi slaw....yay!!!!, Only TWO more brunchs left....make sure you come on by before the scallion pancake sammys are all gone!!!, Our o' so popular Monkfish Liver Sauce is back...and being served with Chef Tang's housemade egg noodles and a delicious carrot and kohlrabi slaw....YAY!!!, This might be the most unique and delicious dish you've ever had...tonight we are doing a scallion black bean cake with lobster cream, honshimeji mushrooms and a pickled carrot relish ....see you soon!, Chef Tang is shucking it up...tonight's special is fried marionport (Buzzards Bay) oysters with a pickled beet relish and house smoked hake aioli...delicious!!, Even though our beloved brunch is coming to an end, January 20th, we have big plans for Sunday nights....stay tuned!, Only two more brunches left before we head on back into Sunday night dinners...so make sure you stop by to get your scallion pancake sammy on and/or our sriracha bloody marys!!, Thank you so much jessie and tim...we're so lucky to have such amazing regulars like you two! see ya soon:-), Best guests ever!!!! thanks guys :-), Anniversary gift for everyone tonight!!, It's our 3 Year Anniversary!!!!! So to celebrate we are giving you a present! Chef Tang has made delicious housemade truffles for everyone dining with us tonight as a thank you for making the past three years amazing...looking forward to many more!!, Hangover finally gone (thank goodness)...now it's time to go back to work!! Thank you everyone that came to our New Year's Eve Celebration!!! We couldn't have asked for a better way to ring in the New Year!!, It's another brunch-tastic Sunday here at ExNE...doing up some creamy beef ragouts, brussels sprouts, new salads, new dumplings and lots more!!!!, NYE is booking up fast....give us a call today to reserve your spot and ring in the New Year in style!!!, Check out our New Year's Eve Menu online at http://exnecambridge.com/menu/ Make your reservations today as space is limited. Vegetarian manu also available!! $55 per person!!, http://www.bostonmagazine.com/articles/2012/11/the-goods-boston-local-food-2/   Looking for Holiday Gift Ideas??? Look no further...., http://www.bostonmagazine.com/articles/2012/11/the-goods-boston-local-food-2/   Looking for Holiday Gift Ideas??? Look no further...., http://www.bostonmagazine.com/articles/2012/11/the-goods-boston-local-food-2/   Looking for Holiday Gift Ideas??? Look no further...., Check out some of our new dishes on our website www.exnecambridge.com ...some of our new favoirtes are our roasted beet and pickled golden beet salad with honey poached pears and the most delicious creamy miso dressing ever!! Also, it's brussels sprout time and we are doing them with 5-spiced cured pork belly and housemade kimchi...YUM!, We want to spend NYE with YOU!!! So we will be open Monday December 31st to ring in the new year with a delicious 5 course Tang tasting...only $55 per person and we are taking reservations now....so don't wait!!, Big menu changes are on the way....come on by and enjoy some of your favorites before they are gone!!!, The holiday season is upon us and ExNE wants to make gift giving a little easier...Call ahead and reserve your gift box today!!! Only $35 and you get our delicious sesame mustard dressing, Chef Tang's killer spicy green chili vinegar, our very own PT cola (great for making holiday cocktails) and our fresh ginger syrup!!! This unique gift is a sure fire hit!!!, A taste of winter...NEW butternut squash and trumpet mushroom wontons with a delicious chestnut sauce!!!, Tired of turkey yet? Come join us for our Dim Sum brunch and enjoy our scallion pancake sammys or our 5-spiced doughnuts with foie gras sauce...your taste buds will thank you!!!, Not yo mama's meatloaf...PTang has done it again...Veal and pork meatloaf, sweet & sour kimchi glaze, fried onions on mantou bread...amazing!!, It's our beloved Garrett's last night at ExNE...come on by and wish him well on his future endeavors...we'll miss ya Gert...thank you for everything, you are amaze-balls!!, It's a Duck-tastic Tuesday here at ExNE...Crispy delicious duck confit with sweet and sour brussel sprouts and spaghetti squash!!, It's another Brunch-tastic Sunday at ExNE...come visit us and get your scallion pancake with smoked pork confit or grilled eggplant on!!, Best deal in town (seriously) $39 for an 8 course chef's tasting...tonight you will get lobster congee, duck confit, pork belly and a delicious charcuterie plate amoung other delicious treats...really? what are you waiting for?, Tonight Chef Tang is getting his Charcuterie on...with veal and pork terrine, lamb liver mousse and a sweet pear mostarda...delicious!!, Cannelloni is back...duck confit cannelloni with sweet and sour brussel sprouts, spaghetti squash and a delicious chestnut sauce...also, since it is so cold out you should make the journey to East and get some lobster congee or grilled king oyster mushroom soup! It will warm you right up!, Crispy Duck Confit Special Tonight!!!, null, HAPPY BIRTHDAY to our amazing Chef Tang!!!! Come by tonight and help us celebrate!, Duck special tonight!!!, Tonight's special is a delicious pan roasted duck breast with sweet and sour brussel sprouts and sauteed spaghetti squash!!! Come by early, it's gonna be a busy one!, Yay...we're number 1!!!, COME JOIN US TOMORROW AS WE'LL BE GETTIN OUR RIB ON..., So ExNE will be closed for brunch this Sunday the 21st...but on the bright side you can come visit the gang at RIBFEST from 12pm to 4pm for some delicious 5-spiced pork ribs and $3 braised beef tacos with housemade kimchi...it's going to be beautiful out so come and get your pork on with us!!!! See our website for details!, Come get your eat on...tonight the Tang is doing a crispy pork loin with sweet and sour brussel sprouts, spaghetti squash and a smoked hake sauce...and don't forget all of our new cocktails that have been designed but our very our mixologist Stephen!!, Chef Tang will be preparing some delicious 5-spiced smoked pork ribs....come out and get your rib on!!, Noodle-ing it up at exne...new housemade egg noodles with fresh clams, house cured bacon, black bean sauce and pickled hot peppers....De-licious!!!!, Our mixologist Stephen had been hard at work creating five brand new and delicious drinks...hendrick's gin fresh grapefruit and housemade ginger soda, elijah craig 12 yr bourbon with apple cider vermont maple syrup and fresh nutmeg and for a little sweet and a little spice with have reposado tequila infused with thai chili and fresh squeezed orange juice!!! Stop by this week and get your drink on!!, null, Don't forget tomorrow is our highly anticipated early autumn seafood tasting...give us a call today and we'll get you in!!! don't miss out this is going to be the best one yet!, Sweet new treat...coconut milk cake with ginger creme, citrus and goji berry salad!!, Chef Tang at it again...tonight he is featuring spaghetti squash with chicken mushrooms, fresh lobster, poached egg, toasted mantou and housemade lobster butter...delicious!!!!!, Don't forget our "From the docks" seafood tasting is fast approaching and space is limited. Please give us a call and we will reserve your spots today!  Only $49 per person and the tentative menu can be found on our website www.exnecambridge.com This is sure to be the best one yet so don't miss out!, Tonight...seared grass-fed sirloin with creamed corn and soy beans, tomato and pickled hot pepper relish, We're lovin' this wonderful article!!!!, Our other special tonight...crispy fried hake w/ braised cucumbers, tomatoes & kimchi sweet and sour sauce, null, Tonight's special...seared grass-fed sirloin steak, tomato, arugula and cucumber salad with sesame ginger vinaigrette and a pickled hot pepper relish!!, Don't forget to make your reservations today!! This will be the best tasting to date...don't miss out!, null, New Noodles...housemade chilled egg noodles with smoked pork shoulder, green beans and cucumbers!!, We're lovin' tomato season...fresh local tomatoes with arugula, xo aioli and mantou croutons!!, Eater.com is doing a piece on the Best FOH Staff...we take our service very seriously and hope that you enjoy it as much as our food so let eater.com know at boston@eater.com, WE'RE BACK....vacation is over (sadly) but we are all well rested and ready to roll!!, Last dinner before vacation!!!!  Please don't forget that we will be on summer break from Aug. 20- 27th. So before we go stop on by for some amazing food - Steamed Hake, Stuffed Littleneck Clams, Crispy Pork Belly, Creamy Tofu and much more!!!, Make sure you stop by ExNE this week before we go on VACATION for one week, Yippee!!!  Get your fix of Crispy Pork Belly, Bok Choy, Steamed Hake, and Tang's famous housemade Noodles....We leave for Vacation on Monday so only four more dinner services and one delicious brunch....stop by today!!!, null, A silly little tornado warning isn't going to stop us...tonight Chef Tang is doing it up, housesmoked bluefish salad, steamed hake, crab, corn and chicken wontons...come in out of the rain and stop by ExNE, we'll keep you safe!!!, New Special...Steamed Hake with roasted eggplant and cipollini onions, beef marrow sauce, scallion peppercorn relish, pictures to follow!!!, null, It's our one year brunch-versary...we're gonna celebrate with a scallion pancake sandwich!, Yay our Pork Belly on Mantou made the list!!, Chicken, crab and corn wonton with a crab roe, Scallion pancakes... everyone's favorite, Soup dumplings, New Special Special...SOUP DUMPLINGS, only a limited number so make sure you stop by and get some...The Tang is doing smoked pork confit and red kale soup dumplings, amazing!!!!, Chef Tang and Chef Fong...Bon Me and ExNE, Hungry Mother supporting their own on the Greenway!, Everyone hard at work...., Chef Tang and the crew at Bon Me...what a great night!!, null, null, Bon Me and ExNE event July 25th on the Greenway..., Awesome Event Reminder...Chef Tang & ExNE are teaming up with Boston's Best Food Truck - Bon Me for a night of fun and delicious food TOMORROW!! Chef Tang will be on the food truck from 5-9pm serving up some amazing food!! Come and join us on the Greenway for a night of picnics and great food!!, Stuffed littleneck clams, bacon, onions, cilantro and spicy sweet and sour sauce., ExNE has one of Boston's most iconic dishes....thank you!!!, Our favorite person, Junot Diaz, mentioned ExNE in The New Yorker as a place "that feels like home" to him. We are not only proud of Chef Tang's amazing culinary talents but strive to provide the best service in the city!! Thank you Junot for loving us as much as we love you!, Peach & Strawberry Prosecco Bellini...we are brunching it up today at ExNE, come and visit!!, Blayne is workin' brunch solo tomorrow...come and show her some love!!, Come and cool off with some of our brand new cocktails...Hendrick's Gin with cucumber water and thai basil soda or Elijah Craig 12yr bourbon with housemade mint soda and fresh lemon!!  Delicious!, New bok choy salad with watermelon, golden beets, thai basil and soy ginger dressing, Crispy Pork Belly...the favorite!!, New and Amazing...corn on the cob, honey miso butter, shiitake
mushroom crumble, toasted nori, null, What happens when Boston's Best Foodtruck (Bon Me) and ExNE join forces???  Find out Wednesday July 25th b/w 5pm-9pm on the Greenway...you won't wanna miss this event!!, Thank you to the Improper Bostonian for Chef Tang's nod as "Best Restaurant In Inman Square" we couldn't be happier!!!
 
http://www.improper.com/bostons-best/food-drink/, New totes are in da house!!!, null, I think this may be PTang's best special ever...Duck Prosciutto with Crenshaw Melon, cilantro oil and pickled melon rinds...it's amazing!!!!, New summer cocktail...Tequila with our housemade cilantro lime soda!! And new special tonight warm salad of fiddlehead ferns, local greens, duck prosciutto, poached chip in farm egg, mustard vinaigrette and mantou crumble., It's another hot one out there...come by ExNE for some cool cocktails!!  Gin with our housemade cilantro lime soda or our 12 year rum with housemade ginger soda, what a nice way to spend a Friday!!, What a way to start off summer holy moly!!  Don't wanna go outside? Just come by East and have a nice chill dinner, cool drinks and sweet treats!!, Happy Father's Day!!!, Tonight's Special...Stuffed Littleneck Clams with BACON, onions and cilantro with a spicy sweet and sour sauce!!  Don't forget Father's Day is this Sunday...and what dad doesn't love a good pork belly slider?  So be a good kid and bring dad in for Dim Sum brunch this Sunday!!, Vote for us!!!, Just updated our dinner menu on our website...YAY!!  Visit us online or come by for dinner tonight, Chef Tang is doing a warm salad of fiddlehead ferns, mizuna, LAMB PANCETTA, poached egg with mantou crumbles...it's delicious!!, What a beautiful day for brunch...today Chef Tang is doing his popular crispy marinated chicken, parsnip pancake with housemade miso honey butter and a chili maple syrup...YUM!!!, New Special Tonight...Smoked Lamb Terrine with a warm salad of fiddlehead ferns, frisee and lamb pancetta with a delicious mustard vinaigrette!!  Go Celtics!!!, Chef Tang's newest creation...Citrus and chrysanthemum semifreddo, rhubarb coulis, toasted pistachio...dessert never tasted so good!, We still have three spots open at 8:30pm for our Lamb Tasting this evening...and a few at 6pm, feel free to call or just stop by and we'll be happy to feed you!!!, This is your last chance to get in on Chef Tang's Spring Lamb Tasting TOMORROW...this is going to be an amazing night filled with delicious food.  You can check out the menu on our website and give us a call to reserve your spot.  We have two seatings at 6pm and 8:30pm and it is only $45 per person!  You don't want to miss this one!, This Thursday is Chef Tang's Spring Lamb Tasting...don't miss out on the best food he has done yet!  Check out the Lamb menu on our website www.exnecambridge.com...this event is only $45 per person and worth every penny!  There are two seatings still available 6:00 and 8:30...give us a call today!, Brunchin' it up today at East...New Specials - crispy marinated chicken, parsnip pancake, miso honey butter, chili maple syrup oh yum!  Oh and silken tofu in ginger syrup, orange, toasted coconut and pistachio granola!!, What better way to celebrate your graduation then by attending Chef Tang's Spring Lamb Dinner May 31st...5 courses all inspired by the spring lamb, two seatings 6:00 and 8:30 only $45 per person...call today to reserve your spots, it's gonna be a good night!!, New tonight...Lamb Meatballs with crispy rice noodles, parsnips, carrots and a spicy tomato sauce!!  Delicious!!, New Special...Steamed Pollock with house cured duck prosciutto, sautéed fiddlehead ferns and peas, mint pesto...come by and get your fiddlehead on, the season is short but amazing!, One of our new favorites...Smoked Pork Confit with fiddlehead ferns, toasted cashews and a spicy sesame sauce...YUMMY!!, Love when our favorite peeps from Oleana and Strip T's stop by for dinner!, New tonight...Crispy Chicken on Mantou with creamy garlic mustard greens and a chili honey dipping sauce...who doesn't love a really good chicken sammy?, Brunching it up with Kevin & Liz...happy Sunday!!, New brunch amazing-ness...silken tofu & ginger syrup, orange, toasted coconut and pistachio granola, Happy Mother's Day....show mom you love her by bringing her to our dim sum brunch today till 2:30pm., Don't forget Mother's Day is TOMORROW and what says I love you more then a delicious brunch (and gifts, but we can't help you with that) and who has the best brunch...WE DO, Chef Tang has been busy creating new brunch items and cocktails, call today to make a reservation!, Big thanks to everyone especially Liz Goddard and Lynn Herman for coming to Chef Tang's Macy's demo this past Thursday...hope ya'll had fun!!!, The prep is on..., Mic check, Just so everyone knows we are inside Macy's don't be fooled by the block party outside our food is better;-), So we are at the Macy's Summer St. entrance for Chef Tang's demo...see you at 5pm!!!, Stop by Macy's in Downtown Crossing TODAY at 5pm for Chef Tang's in-store demo where he will be featuring fresh spring veggies and Jonah crab...See you there!, Looking for something to do tomorrow (Thursday)?  Why don't you stop by the Macy's at Downtown Crossing at 5pm and watch Chef Tang do his first in-store demo!!!, Are you having a Cinco de Mayo Hangover?   We have your cure...sriracha bloody mary, chinese peppercorn infused vodka and a little crispy pork belly on fluffy mantou bread...pork belly makes everything better!, Chef Tang's newest creation...Thai Tea infused awesome-ness. Thai Tea with 12 yr bourbon, a touch of cream and housemade caramel sauce! It's like dessert in a glass...cause that's how we roll at east!, We have an amazing special tonight...Steamed Hake with Duck Prociutto with delicious fiddlehead ferns and peas. YUM!, May 31st is Chef Tang's Lamb Tasting...five courses inspired by the spring lamb...two seating 6 & 8:30pm, only $45 per person...this maybe the best tasting yet...don't miss out!, Thursday May 10th
Macy's Downtown Crossing
Asian Pacific Heritage Celebration
Main Floor
5PM

Customers are invited to celebrate Asian Pacific Heritage with a culinary demonstration and samples by Chef Phillip Tang of East by Northeast., Making plans for mother's day? You know what mom's love....Brunch!  Show mom you love her by bringing her to our delicious Dim Sum Brunch May 13th 11am - 2:30pm, she will thank you!, Back by popular demand...Our Seasonally Inspired Exclusive Chef's Tasting...this months theme is SPRING LAMB... May 31st, five uniquely inspired courses, two seatings, only $45 per person... Call today to find out more!, ExNE is where it's at!!, Another great write up for Chef Tang!!!, Noodle-tastic...Crispy chicken thigh, "gong bao" sauce, spicy cashews, garlic mustard greens & Pork and sunchoke meatball, XO broth, parsnips and daikon, turnip relish...makes for a happy saturday!!, Tonights special...steamed hake with potatoes, sunchokes, and smoked shiitake mushrooms with a thai basil sauce...yum!!!, Thank you everyone for last night....what a great night!!  Great seeing Henry & Meaghan, Jeffery & Kristen, David and all the cousins=), Cha-Cha-Cha-Changes...We are lovin' all the fresh spring veggies we got in today...Asparagus, Peas, and Bok Choy OH BOY!! Come and check out the new salads, noodles and more..., Wanna feel like a Goddess? We have you covered...tonight's special is a Yukon Gold Potato Salad with fresh asparagus, hard boiled eggs and a "Goddess" dressing...creamy ramp and garlic sauce!!  YUM!!, Pork-Tastic Thursday!!!, New Specials...Crispy Rabbit Leg with Cauliflower and Honshimeji Mushroom Salad, Honey Mustard Vinagrette & Grilled lamb Loin on a Sesame Flat Bread with garlic oyster sauce!!!, Tonights Special...Seared Lamb Loin with a Cauliflower Puree and the most delicious chilled Cauliflower Salad EVER!!, Happy Easter!!  It's gonna be a busy one at ExNE today...so if you wanna come in just give us a call and we will make sure you get your Scallion Pancake Sadwich and Sriracha Bloody Mary on!!, Don't forget Sunday is Easter and what's fun to do on Easter...Brunch or course...and what says Easter better then Dim Sum Brunch Tang Style =), Tonight...Seared Grass-Fed Beef Loin with Cauliflower Galour meaning a Cauliflower Salad and Cauliflower Puree, hooray!!!, Chef Tang at it again!!, oops...I spelled cannelloni wrong, but either way it's good=) Tonight Chef Tang is doing a smoked tofu and PORK FAT cannelloni with thai basil pesto and marinated veggies., Marco Polo is tomorrow night and there is only ONE spot left at 6:30 and a few at 8:45...don't miss out on what is going to be an amazing five course tasting!!!, Only two days left till our much anticipated Marco Polo Dinner..there are only a few 6:30 spots left and a little more for the 8:45 seating...check out our website for the tentitive menu for that night www.exnecambridge.com...give us a call today to reserve your spot., Rascally Rabbit Special...Rabbit Sausage with cauliflower salad and a cauliflower puree!!!, Spring has sprung at ExNE...just added to the cocktail list is a rooibos infused vodka cocktail with housemade lemonade and bit of honey, YUM. And the Mayflower Spring Hop is finally here!!!, Specials tonight...
» littleneck clam and bacon, black bean sauce, silken tofu, grilled escarole
» mustard crusted duck sausage, curry cauliflower salad, honshimeji mushrooms
» dessert: cream puffs, grapefruit curd, caramel sauce, Spring is here and so is our new menu!!  NEW: Romaine and celery root salad w/ watermelon radish, new dumplings, new short rice noodles with crispy chicken thigh, and the best is Chef Tang added a new egg noodle section...delicious!!!, $32 for three courses is cool but do you know what is even better...8 courses for only $35, yeah, that's how we roll at ExNE, Did you know that you can eat at East (year around) for the same amount as Restaurant Week? I'm just sayin', how you feeling this morning? hungover much? well let us make you feel better...a little hair of the dog perhaps? chinese peppercorn infused bloody marys...and the cure of all cures, scallion pancake sandwich with house cured ham...say good bye to your st. patty's day hangover!!, Happy St. Patrick's Day!!! Eat, DRINK and be merry...and tomorrow when that hangover hits remember our Scallion Pancake Sandwich it's an instant cure!, Our Marco Polo dinner is starting to book up fast so give us a call today to get in on the yummy delicious goodness.  March 29th, two seatings 6:30 and 8:45, only $45 per person! Check out the menu at our website www.exnecambridge.com, Two spots left for Chef Tang's noodle making class this Sunday March 18th at 4pm...give us a call today!! (Kevin & Liz) should I reserve you a spot?, Lose an hour...gain a bloody mary, happy daylight saving!!, Come and get your DUCK on!! Chef Tang is doing his famous MAPO with a slightly spicy duck liver with housemade short rice noodles and a jalapeno and celery salad...so good!!!, Such a good night at East...cool peeps and industry folk...thank you Cassie for coming in, it was good to see you! I'll be in Oleana soon...promise!, Wanna learn how to make the Tang's noodles?  He will be hosting a noodle making class on March 18th at 4pm, where you will learn how to make his delicious thick cut wheat noodles...only $40 per person and there are limited spots left, call today to reserve your spot!, Marco Polo dinner is fast approaching...March 29th, there will be two seatings 6:30 and 8:45.  Chef Tang will be exploring the simalarities between Chinese and Italian cuisine....this is gonna be one that you don't want to miss!!  Call today to reserve your spot!, null, You want it, you got it...Chef Tang is hosting a NOODLE MAKING CLASS on March 18th at 4pm.  You'll learn it, love it and eat it!  Only $40 per person and you will learn how to make Chef Tang's famous thick cut wheat noodles, call today to reserve your spot., Let us Amuse your Bouche tonight...Chef Tang is doing a butternut squash bisque with cranberry relish...It's A-Musing, New Specials...Hand rolled egg noodles with Maine Shrimp, carrot relish, shrimp head butter and toasted nori...AND Boneless beef ribs with a 5-spiced jus and hot and sour celery root slaw...so good it's Tang-tastic!, Yes, our nuts are just that good!!!, Marco....Polo....no we're not swimming, Chef Tang is hosting another Chefs Tasting March 29th inspired by the similarities between Chinese and Italian Cuisine...intrigued? I bet you are=) $45 per person, two seatings 6:30 & 8:45...taking reservations now, just give us a call!, Dumpling-tastic Today...New Pork and Mushroom Shaomai and Hake & Potato Wontons...Who could ask for a better way to start the weekend?!?, Friendly reminder that we will be closed this Saturday and Sunday as we are off to DC for a family wedding...but come by tonight and get your grub on!, Make sure you stop by ExNE before this Saurday as we will be closed Saturday Feb. 25th and Sunday Feb. 26th for a family wedding, YAY!!!, null, Go Tang!!!!, It's Thirsty-Thursday...did you forget?  Come by East and enjoy a housemade cola with 12yr bourbon or a hendrick's gin cocktail with a delicious cilantro-lime soda...alcohol kills germs, we're just trying to keep you healthy=), Valentine's Day Shenanigans at East tonight...hope your day is a happy one filled with love and Pork Belly=)  Cause that's how we roll here!, Noodle-ing it up at ExNE...the Tang made a delicious thick cut wheat noodle dish with grilled king oyster mushrooms, daikon, veggie broth and a poached egg.  It's awesome in a bowl!!, Chef Tang is lambing it up...New, spicy lamb meatballs with red cabbage slaw on his famous mantou bread!!, thanks @boston herald!  we think spending valentine's day at East by Northeast is romantic too!, GO PATS...time for some day drinking...get your Super Bowl Sunday started right!  Bloody Marys at East is the only way to go!, Special tonight...braised beef cheeks with a salad of frisee and grilled oyster mushrooms and a lemon vin...yum!!, neck and neck....keep up the voting yay!!!, Keep it going...Chef Tang is catching up!!!, null, please vote for chef tang!  , Two amazing specials tonight...First, a Lion's Head (veal) meatball that will make you roar with delight=) served with braised napa cabbage, rice noodles and rutabaga relish.  Second, a cold plate of tea cured duck breast, deviled egg, and marinated smelt...YUM all around!, Need a last minute dinner idea? Come enjoy our Chinese New Year Celebration at East tonight!!!  There are a few spots left...give us a call at 4pm and let us know you wanna come by, we would love to see you!, Happy New Year !!!! Come and celebrate Chinese New Year with us tomorrow! Chef Tang is preparing a special 5 course tasting for only $45 per person and it is going to be amazing!, Sunday Funday at ExNE...Duck Confit Agnolotti with Hot & Sour broth, Cranberry and Walnut Bao, Sesame and Fennel Seed Sticky Rice Balls with Vermont Maple Syrup...nothin' but amazing food this Sunday, come check it out!!!, It's almost time to celebrate Chinese New Year and Chef Tang is doing it again...This Tuesday we are preparing a 5 course Chef's Tasting inspired by traditional Chinese New Year dishes..don't miss out, space is very limited, so call and reserve your spot today!! 617-876-0286  Only $45 per person and two seatings available 6:30 and 8:30....See you there!, New noodles and wontons tonight...house cured BACON with short rice noodles and brussels sprouts & Duck Confit Wontons with hot and sour broth!!  Yum!, Thank you!!!!, Don't wait much longer... spots for our Chinese New Year Chefs Tasting on the 24th are going fast!!!  A few spots left for the 6:30 and 8:30 seatings only $45 per person! It's going to be a great night...ringing in the year of the Dragon!!, New Special Tonight...Maine Shrimp Congee Yippee...and delicious housemade cream puffs with butternut squash mousse and apple brown butter sauce!!, Thank you!!!, Did you celebrate the Pats win a little too much last night? Hungover much? Wanna know the cure???  Scallion Pancake sandwich or housemade Peppercorn Bloody Mary...true story. We'll have you feeling better by happy hour when you can do it all over again!, New..Delicious..Seafood Congee with Maine Shrimp & Calimari, carrots and kale and shrimp butter!  That's right I said SHRIMP BUTTER a Chef Tang creation and it is amazing!!!!!!, January 24th let's Celebrate Chinese New Year in style...with Chef Tang's famous 5 course tasting!!  Spots are limited, we are having a 6:30 and 8:30 seating that night...spots fill up quick so please don't wait.  Only $45 per person and well worth it!  See you then!, Thank you Alison Cook!!!  Chef Tang at it again=), Can't forget Henry and Megan...you guys are awesome!  Everyone don't forget Chef Tang's Chinese New Year Tasting on January 24th...it's gonna be a good one!, thank you so much kevin, liz, and "pamala" for being so amazing!, Today is our 2 YEAR ANNIVERSARY....yay!  Thank you so much for making the past two years amazing we really appreciate everything!!  We are looking forward to many, many more!!, null, thank you!!, Tesy, Yay made the top 38...thank you!!!!, Chef Tang is making menu changes this week...local produce is changing therefore so is our menu!!  Check back later this week for details!, Thank you!!!, What an amazing week!!! What a great way to ring in the new year with people that we love and love us....Thank you again!  Show us some love on Yelp if you can we're trying our hardest but the haters are bring Blayne down=(  See you this week!, New Year's Eve Celebration TONIGHT!!!!  Remember...if you party too hard tonight, we will be here tomorrow for Dim Sum Brunch to help cure your hangover!, thank you!!!, It's time to party your ass off this NYE and Sunday when the hangover kicks in come by East and we'll give you a little TLC and a little "hair of the dog" you'll be all better by the afternoon...our bloody marys can cure just about anything!, Happy Holidays to eveyone!!!  We will be open for dinner tonight but closed for the next three days...we will be back on Tuesday, come and visit!, Chef Tang and East By Northeast in the NY Times!!!!, Three more days till we go on a small break for the holidays...just enough time to get your pork belly on!, Chef Tang has made his own chili peppercorn potato chips to go with the delicious  creamy soy bean spread!, Marinated maitakes, roasted delicata squash, miso and butternut squash soup...yum!!, Today's a good day for dumplings...Chicken and Carrot Shaomai with cauliflower puree, carrot and kohlrabi slaw...AND Pork and House-Smoked Cod Wontons in a warm and delicious hot and sour broth that will warm your soul!!!, New salad...Celery Root with apples, frisee, deviled tea egg and an amazing sesame mustard dressing!  YUM!, Pork and Salt Cod Wontons tonight in a warm delicious hot and sour broth!!, Another Brunch-tastic Sunday at East...meatball sandwiches, pork belly buns, cranberry baos, and rice noodle hash! What more could you ask for? Stop by today, we're here till 2:30=), Reminder...Let us help you ring in the new year...New Year's Eve Celebration there will be two seatings 6:30 & 8:45, 8 courses of amazing food created especially for this day!  Only $55 per person and worth every penny. Plus with the early seatings you still have time to go out and paint the town red!, Early morning photo shoot...now it's time for brunch!!!  New stuff today, our Scallion Pancake Sandwich is with house cured pancetta today!  New brunch cocktail, lychee and ginger with yummy prosecco, and toasted sesame buns with garlic sausage, red cabbage jalapeno slaw....so good!!!, Thank You!!, Lamb wontons...big hit!!  Sold out of them last night...Chef Tang was dumpling it up today for what's looking to be a really busy night!  Remeber New Years Eve at East, 8 courses of delicious food, what a way to ring in the new year!, As if things couldn't get sweeter...housemade cream puffs w/ red bean mousse, warm caramel black sesame sauce...holy moly, Ring in the New Year right!!!  ExNE is having a New Year's Eve Celebration, December 31st (obviously), 8 courses of delicious Modern Chinese Cuisine, only $55 per person.  There are two seatings available 6:30 & 8:45...call today for reservations!, Tired of turkey yet???  Come by exne and we'll please your taste buds with some pulled pork, braised lamb and beef shank!!, Take a break from cooking for tomorrow and stop by East for some new and delicious dumplings and wontons...chicken liver agnolotti & braised lamb wontons!!, Thank you to everyone that joined us last night for what was an amazing seafood dinner...the staff at east had a great time and really appreciate all of your support!  Our next event will be on New Years Eve...more details will be available shortly., Thank you boston.eater.com, Tomorrow is our much antisipated NE Seafood Dinner featuring fresh seafood from New Deal Fish Market of East Cambridge.  We have a few spots left for our 6pm seating..only $45 per person...call today to reserve your spot., Only 4 spots left for the 6pm seating this Thursday for our NE Seafood Tasting!!!  Make sure to call us soon to reserve your spot...I bet we will be sold out by tonight...don't miss out!!, Sunday Bloody(mary)Sunday at East...11-2:30!, Hurry!!!  Only six spots left for our NE Seafood dinner on the 17th.  6pm seating available and only $45 per person!  Delicious, fresh seafood from New Deal Fish Market prepared with an Asian twist by Chef Tang!  Call today...tentative menu available on our website www.exnecambridge.com, Come and join us for Chef Tang's NE Seafood Dinner on November 17th!  He is partnering with New Deal Fish Market for a night of delicious food and fun.  Only $45 per person, 6:00pm seating available but spots are going fast.  Please call and reserve your spot today!  Tentative menu can be found on our website www.exnecambridge.com, null, Remember to "Fall Back" tonight (Day Light Savings)..and what will you do with that extra hour, sleep?  NO, come by East for our Dim Sum Brunch!!  What a great way to start your Sunday., Only two spots left for the 8:30 seating for our NE Seafood Chef's Tasting on November 17th...6pm spots are still available....reserve today!  Only $45 per person and you can check out a tentitive menu online at exnecambridge.com, NE Seafood Dinner November 17th...Space is very limited so make sure to reserve your spot today!!  6pm & 8:30 (0nly a few spots left).  $45 per person and the tentative menu is available at exnecambridge.com, We're so excited to be selected as one of Boston's 50 BEST RESTAURANTS OF 2011 by Boston Magazine...and to celebrate Chef Tang is creating some new and amazing dishes.  New short rice noodles with brasied pork, root veggies, orange marmalade and marinated fennel.  Also, thick cut wheat noodles with chicken mousse, cauliflower, kale, ginger scallion chutney, and chicken broth...it's not yo mama's chicken noodle soup!, Thanks Boston Magazine!  We're one of the 50 Best Restaurants in Boston., New Special...seared lamb loin with carrot puree, kohlrabi salad, and spiced salt!  Delecious!!!, Early Halloween Party last night leave you feeling a little blah this morning?  Come by for a little hair of the dog...housemade bloody mary's & peach and ginger prosecco.  AND our scallion pancake sandwich will for sure make you feel better=), New Noodle Dishes...Housemade short rice noodles with braised pork, root vegetables, poached egg and hot & sour soup...Hand cut wheat noodles, with chicken mousse, XO sauce, cauliflower, and kale YUM!!!, Chef Tang's Bday was yesterday...but you're the one getting the presents!!  New Specials, Noodles, Dumplings OH MY.  Make your dinner reservation today and come in and enjoy food like you've never had before.  Also, don't forget the NE Seafood dinner happening on November 17, space is limited so don't wait!, Thank you!!!, NEW BRUNCH HOURS...We will be doing our popular Dim Sum Brunch Sundays from 11am- 2:30pm.  Stop by and get our amazing Housemade Bloody Mary's or our Scallion Pancake Sandwich!!, New special tonight...Smoked Beef Cheek Congee with turnip slaw and local greens...also we've added new seasonal beers, Fishermans Pumpkin Stout and Abitas Pecan Harvest...Hello Fall !, We made the change...you can now make reservations on OPEN TABLE for the New England Seafood Dinner on November 17th.  There are two seatings available 6pm & 8:30.  Make your reservations today because space is limited!, New England Seafood Dinner w/ an Asian twist!!  Save the date, November 17, there will be two seatings 6pm & 8:30.  The price is $45 per person and space is limited so call today and reserve your spot.  We will not be taking reservations through Open Table so call us at 617.876.0286, New Brunch cocktail..Pear and Ginger Nectar with Prosecco...what a wonderful way to start your Sunday!, The Duck Tasting was so much fun and well received that we are going to do it again...this time with SEAFOOD.  Chef Tang is partnering with New Deal Fish Market ( Best of Boston) for a night of delicious fresh seafood with an Asian flair.  Join us November 17th for a night of amazing food.  There will be two seatings 6pm & 8:30pm, this night will be by reservation only ( through east not open table).  It will be $45 per person, call today and reserve your spot, we are sure to sell out fast!, The Night O' Duck was a success!!!  We hope everyone had a good time!  The crew at exne had such a good time with all of you that Chef Tang is going to do it again...this time a delicious night of seafood!!  In November Chef Tang is partnering with New Deal Fish Market (Best of Boston) for a one night Chef's Tasting...more details to follow!, LAST CHANCE...This is the last day to reserve your spot for Chef Tang's Exclusive 5 Course Duck Inspired Tasting TOMORROW.  It is $45 per person and there are only a few spots left for our 6pm seating.  Don't miss out!!  Call the restaurant tonight to get in on the ducky goodness., Only a few spots left for Chef Tang's first Exclusive Duck Inspired 5 course tasting being held October 13th.  We have space available for the 6pm seating.  Make sure you don't miss this opportunity.  Reservations are required and can only be made through the restaurant (no open table reservations for this event)  It's $45 per person and worth every penny!  Give us a call today!, Exclusive Offer...Chef Tang is doing a Duck Inspired 5 Course Tasting for ONE night only. October 13th, two seating 6pm & 8pm. $45 per person. Spaces are limited and reservations are required. Please call us and reserve your spot today. Reservations will not be available on Open Table only through the restaurant as this is a private event you are sure to enjoy!!!, Exclusive Offer...Chef Tang is doing a Duck Inspired 5 Course Tasting for ONE night only.  October 13th, two seating 6pm & 8pm.  $45 per person.  Spaces are limited and reservations are required.  Please call us and reserve your spot today.  Reservations will not be available on Open Table only through the restaurant as this is a private event you are sure to enjoy!!!, We've been decorating=), null, null, null, null, null, null, Time to SPREAD the news...NEW, Eggplant garlic black bean spread with housemade anise & sesame crackers! Only $4, Honshimeji...honshi WHAT? Beautiful Japanese Mushrooms that Chef Tang is pairing w/ Steamed Silken Tofu & Soy Glazed Butternut Squash!, Oh my GOURD...tis the season!  Chef Tang has found some amazing butternut squash...come check out what he is going to do with it., It's Rabbit Season..No it's Duck Season..Actually at East it's both!!  Tonight Chef Tang is creating a delicious Rabbit Sausage Congee!!  And keep your eye out on RuLaLa in the beginning of October for Chef Tang's exclusive Duck Tasting, one night only, make sure you get in on the action!, It's coming to an end...our Buy With Me Promo ends on the 30th so please make sure to come in and enjoy the 10 course Chef Tasting!  Reservations are required and PLEASE make sure to indicate that you will be using this voucher when making the reservation., Ch-Ch-Ch-Changes.....so Chef Tang has been hard at work and it shows!!  We are now offering a 5 course Prix Fixe Menu ($30/ person) and an 8 course tasting menu ($35/ person) EVERY NIGHT!!!! And as if that wasn't enough...Chef Tang is making ICE CREAM NOW!!  Flavors will change but tonight we have a 5- spice ice cream with mantou crumble and toasted peanuts (optional) only $5, What's better then brunch...NOTHING!!  Come and join us today for some delicious, amazing and creative grub.  Sesame & Fennel Seed Sticky Rice Balls w/ vermont maple syrup...Sesame Butter Sticky Buns...and who can forget our Housemade Sriracha & Chinese Peppercorn Bloody Mary's!, Brunch tomorrow...., Boneless Lamb Rib Special tonight!!!, it's supposed to be dreary all week, so you might as well get off the sofa and come in for some amazing food!!  Braised Beef Shank in a rich, spicy broth that is bound to warm you up this evening!!!, what's better then a three day weekend...sunday dim sum brunch at east!!  scallion pancake sandwich, rice noodle hash and sriracha bloody mary's!!!!, Headed into a busy weekend...don't forget our Dim Sum Brunch on Sunday!!, FYI the buy with me chef's tasting promotion is coming to an end...PLEASE make sure that you don't miss out!  One more month and reservations are required!, We're Back!!  We're all refreshed and ready to go...Chef Tang is making some amazing changes...new and exciting ideas!!!  Come and check it out!, One more day till Vacation!!!  Come in and get your fix..serving Dim Sum Brunch from 11am-3:30pm...Come in and enjoy Housemade Bloody Mary's, Crispy Mantou with pork gravy, poached egg and garlic green beans....yum!!!, It's almost time for vacation!! Stop by and get your tapas on!  We're here tonight, tomorrow night and Sunday Brunch...then the crew jets off for week for vacation!, One week till VACATION!!! Make sure you stop by and get your pork belly fix before we all jet off on vacation!!!  East will be closed the 23rd- 29th!, Dim Sum Fun Fun...Crispy mantou Bread, Creamy Pork Gravy, Poached Egg, Garlic Green Beans!!!!!, Party a little to hard last night?  Stop by our Dim Sum Brunch for a little hair of the dog...Chinese Peppercorn infused Sriracha Bloody Mary's or our Ginger & Peach Prosecco Bellini!!!, The boys are double prepping for a busy night tonight and an awesome brunch tomorrow...the girls are making sure that there is enough Bloody Mary's and Bellini's for everyone to have a fun Dim Sum Brunch...Come and join us tomorrow!!!, There's no slowing down for Chef Tang...Tonight he is doing housemade egg noodles with pork and salt cod meatballs, corn, red kale, and a delicious miso sauce!, oh and crispy mantou bread, creamy pork gravy, poached egg, garlic green beans...dim sum, YUM YUM!!!, dim sum is here!!!!!  come join us today for our first dim sum brunch 11am- 3:30pm!!  all I have to say...scallion pancake sandwich with fried eggs, pork loin confit and plum sauce!!!!, Make your reservations for our first dim sum brunch this Sunday!  Get your sesame stick buns while they last., One more week until Dim Sum brunch!!!!!  Aug. 7th 11am-3:30pm!!!!, Zucchini-Tastic....Chef Tang is doing his own Zucchini Pancake with a tomato ginger sauce and roasted corn relish!!!  And Minty-O is back!!  Our house made mint syrup mixed with freshly brewed Oolong tea, it's sweet, it's refreshing, it's addictive=), ExNE is doing a BUY WITH ME..You have 4 days left to buy our 10-course Chef Tasting for 2 only $60!The deal is going fast, don't miss out, Dim Sum here we come!!!  Make sure to mark your calenders and make a rezy this is sure to be the new hot spot for brunch in Cambridge!!!  Peppercorn infused vodka bloody marys...need I say more?, YUM YUM DIM SUM...Who doesn't love BRUNCH?  Modern, Asian, Fusion Dim Sum...that's right, this ain't yo mama's Dim Sum!  Starting AUG. 7 TH @ 11AM!!  We're even gonna put a twist on some classic brunch favs...bloody mary's and mimosa's done PTang style!!, New Dish at ExNE..Chef Tang's hand-rolled short rice noodles with pork confit, salted mustard greens, marinated shiitakes & onion broth!, What's so happy about HAPPY HOUR at East?  How about discounted Pork Belly, Housemade "Pigs in Blankets", Crispy Boneless Chicken Wings and much, much more!!  Come and check it out Tuesday - Thursday from 5-7pm!!, Get in while you can..Chef Tang is offering a SEASONAL TASTING throughout the summer.  Only $35 per person, at least 8 courses, reservations are required!, What DAD doesn't love Crispy Pork Belly?  Show Dad you love him by treating him to dinner at East!  Call anytime to make a reservation!, Chef Tang ROCKED the Taste of Someville...come find out what all the buzz is about!!, Today is the TASTE OF SOMERVILLE...Chef Tang will be there with his amazing noodles for you to enjoy!!!  Stop by and say HI!, DEAL OF THE SUMMER!!!!! Starting June 8th, Seasonal Tasting Menu prepared by Chef Tang, ONLY $35 per person (*cocktails and gratuity not included)  Reservations Required at least one day prior so Chef Tang can prepare a menu.  Come find out what all the BUZZ is about!!!, DEAL OF THE SUMMER!!!!!  Seasonal Tasting Menu prepared by Chef Tang, ONLY $35 per person (*cocktails and gratuity not included)  Reservations Required at least one day prior so Chef Tang can prepare a menu.  Come find out what all the BUZZ is about!!!, null, 
Bon Appetit
	Winner of:
	"Top Place to Taste New Asian Fusion" http://www.bonappetit.com/magazine/2011/03/top_6_places_to_taste_the_new_asian_fusion 
Smithsonian: April 2011 http://www.smithsonianmag.com/travel/Bostons-Farm-to-Table-Renaissance.html 
	Boston Globe: Best of the New 2011
	Winner of:
	"Best of the New: Food and..., Our Crispy Pork Belly on Mantou named one of Boston's Best Sandwiches by the Boston Globe!, East by Northeast featured in a fantastic article in Smithsonian Magazine- check out their great pics of Chef Tang's amazing handmade dumplings!, Truly unique dish...Braised Oxtail Congee, kale, daikon & black bean relish...YUM!!, Munch Madness is ON...Go to Boston.com and vote for EXNE!!!, Get ready to start voting for East in Munch Madness on Boston.com!!!, CONGRATS Chef Tang on being one of six restaurants mentioned (only one in MA.) in the March BON APPETIT!!! East Meets West, we couldn't be happier!!!, Chef Tang's homemade egg noodles with smoked tofu featured in today's Globe!, EXNE NEW PRIX FIXE OFFER-Tuesday thru Thursday, choose one salad, one noodle, and one special all for only $20 per person starting 2/15, It's COLD outside...come in and warm up with some SPICY Chicken Liver Mapo, yummy Silken Tofu and House Pickled Cabbage!!!, thanks for the great review Phantom Gourmet!, It's our ONE YEAR ANNIVERSARY...come and celebrate with us, Chef Tang has been cooking up a storm all day and has some amazing new dishes tonight, come and check them out!!, Simple Satisfaction!  Check out Devra First's high praise for our noodles in today's Globe..."This year I got to eat Phillip Tang’s thick-cut noodles at East by Northeast. They unfurl from your chopsticks like heavy ribbon, as chewy as gum when you first bite in...my favorite is floating in a spicy beef broth with beef shank and root vegetables, topped by a runny poached egg. Simple satisfaction.", Come get your PORK ON...before we jet off for the holidays...EXNE will be closed Thursday thru Monday...Happy Holidays!!, Check out our review in the latest issue of Harvard Magazine., SWEET POTATO FRITTERS ARE BACK WITH A DELICIOUS HONEY AIOLI !!!!!!, We are now accepting reservations!!!  You can make them through Open Table..but remember, we are still new at this so if you cannot book online please give us a call we'll get you in here!, HOLIDAY DEAL FROM EXNE...EVERY TUESDAY & WEDNESDAY FROM NOW TILL DEC. 21ST, COME BUY A GIFT CERTIFICATE AND GET 15% OFF, WHAT A GREAT GIFT!!, Braised Pork Special tonight!! And a NEW drink...Winter Spice...it's like Christmas in your mouth, GET YOUR GOURD ON...Squash cake with a warm salad of maitake mushrooms, escarole, and sunchokes, Thanks Eater- for putting us on the map!, NEW COCKTAIL. It's 5 o'clock somewhere, come by and try our house mulled local apple cider and 12yr. bourbon...it's like fall in your mouth., Sunday-Funday at East...Lamb, Beef and Pork OH MY!!! Thank you for the great yelp reviews..if you haven't tried us yet, you're missing out!, AND THE WINNER IS....EAST BY NORTHEAST!!  2010 DIG THIS AWARD FOR BEST NEW RESTAURANT!!  THANK YOU TO EVERYONE THAT VOTED, THIS MEANS A LOT TO US!!!, Please VOTE for East by Northeast at www.digboston.com (DIG THIS AWARD 2010) for Best New Restaurant..voting ends Nov. 5th!!, Vote East by Northeast for Best Newcomer on the Weekly Dig's Dig This Awards 2010! Polls close on the 5th so hurry!, MONKFISH LIVER BRULEE...Everyone is talking about Chef Tang's newest creation, ONLY at EXNE...come give it a try you won't be disappointed!, Braised beef canneloni with chili garlic sauce and delicious mizuna and honeycrisp apples...Chef Tang at his best!!, Nothing goes better with Pork-tastic Pork Belly than 22oz. Pretty Things or 22 oz. McNeill's Amber Ale, think you can handle the 22?, Help your favorite new restaurant by telling the world about us!, Buy With Me was a SUCCESS!!! Come by early so you can experience Chef Tang's one of a kind cuisine...you won't be disappointed we promise, VOTE FOR EXNE @ Weeklydig.com and click "DigThisAward" to vote for us as the BEST NEWCOMER RESTAURANT!!!, Egg-tastic Friday...feel free to add a perfectly poached egg to any of Chef Tang's delicious house made noodle dishes for only a buck!, It's a beautiful day for PORK!! Belly, Ragout, Terrine, and more...Beef, Lamb, and Chicken too, no meat left behind=), Better hurry...our Buy With Me is almost SOLD OUT!! For $20 you get to enjoy $40 worth of our hand made noodles, dumplings and more!, Thanks, Stuff Boston!  2010 Dining Awards: Best New Modern Asian- East by Northeast., $40 of food and drink for only $20!  We're today's featured deal on BuyWithMe.  Quick- buy your coupon before we sell out!, null, Chef Tang is teaching everyone how to make his delicious rice noodles in this months Improper Bostonian...check it out!!, Sunday-Funday at EXNE...Pair our new ORGANIC white wine, Orvieto, with any of Chef Tang's creations and you won't be disappointed!!, Rice Noodles and Wheat Noodles and Egg Noodles OH MY!!! All made in house, by hand...you've never had anything like them!!, Make mom happy and eat your veggies...Chef Tang has prepared the most amazing brussel sprouts with house cured bacon!!!, Mushroom&Sugar Pumpkin Rice Croquettes with housemade sweet and sour sauce..the fall is officially here, now only if it would stop raining!, A LOCAVORES DREAM - One of tonights specials is a delicious local crab, squid & haddock cake with egg noodles, smoked tofu and miso broth!!, Summer beers are almost gone...come and enjoy a crisp Victory Whirlwind,  or a delicious Victory Sunrise Weissbier., null, Take a look at our shiny new Twitter theme, and follow us if you aren't yet!, WE'RE BACK!!!!  COME IN AND ENJOY CHEF TANG'S NEW SURPRISES!!!, EXNE will be closed for Summer Vacation Aug. 9th thru Aug. 16th...We'll see you soon, raring and ready to go!!!, null, null, null, One Fish, Two Fish, Red Fish, BLUEFISH....That's right, Chef Tang has made a delicious House Smoked Bluefish which is being served with a salad of Romaine, Breakfast Radish and a SPICY Sesame Mustard=), Devra First boasts about Chef Tang's pickling skills=)  Thank You Devra!!!
http://www.boston.com/lifestyle/food/articles/2010/07/21/loaded_with_nostalgia_the_humble_pickle_may_be_the_ultimate_comfort_food/, Chef Tang is at it again...NEW!!! Watermelon & Cucumber Salad, with Silken Tofu, Beets and Basil...it's beyond refreshing on these hot summer nights, come give it a try!!!, Congratulations to Chef Tang for being voted "BOSTON'S BEST NEW RISING STAR" by the Improper Bostonian!!!!!, The Boston Globe's dining critic mentions East by Northeast as one of her favorite small plates spots.  Thanks Devra!, Ever wonder how to make Chef Tang's amazing carrot and kohlrabi salad?  Check out this great article in the Boston Herald!, come by tonight for a special treat when you order our newest beer- victory whirlwind witbier.  free curry-dusted carrot chips!, null, null, The Boston Herald reviews East by Northeast: A-   We're so excited!, another great review for east by northeast!  keep it up little bro :), null, East by Northeast in Boston Magazine this month!, null)