List(Final Pop Up dinner this Monday 10/5. Come end this amazing experience right - 25 tix $65 for 5+ courses and pairings - Fall in the Woods theme - menu below

Oysters, meyer lemon

Rye heavy sourdough, Blood sausage stuffed apples (black garlic), shiso

Broccoli, sansho, smoked clam dressing

Trout, sweet potato

Duck, shiitake

Pears, coriander brittle, black garlic merengue

Kuri Squash Profiteroles, maple white chocolate whip, coffee sugar

Hunk of cheese

Drink pairings include:

Exclusive Gucci Mucci frizzante wine 

Buffalo trace "gin" and soda

Hot mulled cider with bourbon and spices on the patio

Cedar and hay infused buffalo trace with amaro

White corn steeped buffalo trace (same corn fed to duck on 4th course) with sherry and Montenegro  

Exclusive Buffalo trace cream (only available at the distillery), egg white, lemon, pear and maple tincture 

Tix here:, If you guys haven't checked out http://fishedimpressions.myshopify.com this stuff is awesome. Sick sick old school fish prints. Will be on display for sale during he pop up 10/5. Tickets here : https://www.eventbrite.com/e/fall-in-the-woods-further-food-stuffs-tickets-18742642749, It's Live! October 5 - bundle up - Fall in the Woods supper at La Brasa Market place - only 25 people - 5 courses all paired plus reception - bourbon, fire, friends, Buffalo Trace, meat, debauchery, fall. #comehungry #callanuber, "Fall in the woods" dinner planned for October 5 (Mon). Limited seating - 25 people. La Brasa marketplace. More details to come. Tix on sale soon 5 courses with pairings #comehungry #callanuber, Shooting for another Pop up in September - figuring out location now - don't forget about us!, Sometimes you gotta roll with the punches - MONDAYS POP UP DINNER 7/27 is going to be a VERY intimate dinner with FFS. ONLY BAR SEATING available - 11 people only - 4 more tickets left - no walk ins - bar seats only. $75 for 4 courses - with pairing of wine, bubbles, and cocktails, plus a few surprises. Come hang

 Bread. Roasted Greens. Tomato. Crudo.

Priest chokers. Fried cocks comb.

Wood oven mackerel. Brown rice/Lentil sprout/sunflower/miso.

Smoked bone marrow/mushroom terrine.

Raspberries. Hunk O’Cheese. Za’atar Donuts


Chartreuse Swizzles
Gucci Mucci wines 
"Beer and a shot" IPA syrup whiskey sours 
Sherry grapefruit cynar goodness

Amaro fo lyfe

https://www.eventbrite.com/e/further-foodstuffs-pop-up-tickets-17753186258, Beer syrup for the Coppa Pop up - ticket only event - tix still available, Just dropped price to $75 per person all in bc we love you beautiful people and wanna fill your faces, It's live party people! https://www.eventbrite.com/e/further-foodstuffs-pop-up-tickets-17753186258, MONDAY JULY 27 WE WILL BE TAKING OVER ONE OF OUR FAVORITE SPOTS - COPPA 

4 course late night dinner with wine and cktl pairings 

Ticket link to come shortly 

#whoshungry, Not as dorky looking as in person when he's surrounded by beautiful talented people... Congrats to everyone on this list. Very talented city, Aiming for another great adventure with you beautiful people soon #whoshungry, null, Our take on the tom Collins from the la brasa late night takeover. 
Beefeater Gin
Yellow chartreuse 
Lemon
Sugar snap pea syrup
Splash soda/pinch salt

(Photo cred to Caroline Amighi), Thank you to everyone who came out to La Brasa last night for the takeover. We can't express how honored and humbled we are over everyone who showed face. We apologize for the wait, have seen the things we need to work on, and hope to do another something something soon for all ya'll. Thank you thank you thank you so much for coming out to give us a chance. We truly loved doing it for you.You have made up very happy boys.  #whoshungry, #WhosHungry Taking over La Brasa tonight for late night starting at 10pm, Dan and Eric gathering herbs for tomorrow's takeover, Finalizing menus for tomorrow #whoshungry, This Tuesday we are taking over La Brasa for late night. Doors open at 10 (after regular dinner service) and we'll be offering half a dozen or so food and cocktail options - all priced a la carte. 

Drinks will be in 2 oz portions so y'all can try them all. 

We will condense the dining room and if you are coming to eat- diners are encouraged to be seated to order food. Only 4 of us knuckle heads running around back there after all. 

Food will look somewhat like:

Fermented carrot crudite.

Oyster and rye fritter.

Brown rice. tautog.

Spaghetti. Crispy tiny fish.

Bread plate. 75% whole wheat.

Grilled chix thigh. Hot sauce.

Fermented green garlic. Burnt yellow beet.

Drinks will like something like:

Burnt orange chervil, bubbles, Aperol, Serrano 

Black pepper, raisins, fire roasted cucumbers, pimms

Sugar snap pea gin, hemlock tip, citrus 

Orange, Cocchi Americano, apricot, gin, grapefruit sculpin 

Sorrel punch

Mustard seeds, pomegranate molasses, citrus 

This pop up will represent seasonal, ripe, fruit and veggies. 

Hope to see you all tuesday night. 

Come hungry- call an uber 

FFS, null, null, We will be taking over La Brasa late night Tuesday June 2 starting at 10pm. No tickets needed- will have a drink and food list for y'all shortly. Come ready to party. Iron your flannel., Gonna be taking over late night at a local spot early in June - more details to come #whoshungry, Whoa!, Don't mind the ugly bearded dudes in the photos...., null, Here's the full dinner menu from round 1 - huge thank you to everyone who came and hung out in the snow!, null, null, null, Menu to be slowly leaked today..., null, Only 20 tix for the 6 course Dinner Tuesday Feb 17!, null, null)