List(Whiskey Milk Black Tea and Matcha Irish Creme by the shot., Great food, alcoholic bubble teas, and a sexy atmosphere. This is where you want to be this Valentine's Day.
Reservations: brookline@limooteabar.com | 617-396-8823, null, null, Happy New Year everyone! 
We're open today from 3pm - 1am; looking forward to celebrating with you all!, We are closed New Year's Eve, but will be open to serve up the boba drinks and awesome shawarmas New Year's Day. 

Happy New Year! See you soon!, Introducing our Banh Mi Gyro. Fluffy with a kick; just the sandwich to keep you warm through the Holidays!, This Christmas Eve, we are open for pick up and delivery only from 3pm - 11pm.

We are closed Christmas day! Happy holidays!

Also closed 26-28. Will reopen 12/29 (Tuesday)., null, Looking for a place to cater or host your holiday party? 
Contact us: reservations@limooteabar.com, Pulled chicken & tenders, vegetables w/made to order noodles make THIS the chicken noodle soup for your soul., Highly nutritious lentil soup made from scratch. Get your protein, fiber, iron & potassium all in one spot - Limoo, A reminder we will be closed on Thanksgiving and Black Friday. We'll see you again this Saturday, the 28th!, Come join PlusOne Nightlife's networking event tomorrow! Meet people, drink tasty alcoholic tea., Thanksgiving without cleanup or stress.

http://w.singlepage.com/limoo-tea-bar/menu

Call in: 617-396-8823 or email us at: catering@limooteabar.com, Limoo is now delivering through Favor (http://buff.ly/1M50MTW), DoorDash (http://buff.ly/1M50KM7), and more soon!, null, null, Are you ready for tonights Halloween Bash? Join us tonight from 9pm till 1Am for our Halloween pregame Bash!!!, Getting limoo ready for our Halloween Bash!!!, null, null, Eat like you love yourself., Limoo's mural unifies humanity under one roof. Watch Yang Hu make it happen!

http://buff.ly/1PBSS7r, Do you have what it takes to win a free Dinner at Limoo? Click below for more information. Come Join us at our Halloween event and enjoy Limoo exclusive Halloween drinks and shots!, Come join us for Sunday Footballs, wear your Jerseys and come enjoy some Ice cold beer, and some delicious food!, Boozy Boba: Where has it been all your life?

What is your favorite bubble tea flavor #Boston?, A balanced meal for the life warrior inside. 

Click Like to roar., Looking for awesome individuals to work at Limoo Tea Bar. Know a friend? Hook it up!
Send us a message on our page or email us at Ardalan.Afshar@limooteabar.com, Our friends at PlusOne Nightlife will be hosting a weekend kickoff at Limoo this Thursday! Come meet some cool folk., null, For the colder days ahead, our hours will be changing!
Stay tuned, our menu is changing too! Soups are coming!, Comfort food that doesn't send you straight to the gym. #foodporn #limooteabar, Fire roasted, then fried. Crispy, healthier, delicious! #foodporn #limooteabar, Open to College Students & Working Professionals.

The Taiwanese American Professionals - Boston (TAP-BOS) is hosting a networking event tomorrow at 7pm - 9pm  open to everyone. 

Come check them out, meet some new friends & professional contacts! Plus, they have raffle tickets for people who come - now you have to :)., We're team tea here at Limoo; and we are recruiting! Why do you tea?

http://buff.ly/1F5oteU, We are always looking for things to amaze you. We found this beaut, but at $6/tea bag, is it worth it?

http://buff.ly/1K695vJ, null, null, "What school do you cheer for?"
"The Patriots."
😅- Whoops.

TY to Karen, Kristen, & Alyssa New England Patriots Cheerleaders, null, Win the Super Bowl: $97k. 
Win the Dota 2 Internationals: $1.2 million. 
Come see the fuss at #limooteabar

Join our event: http://buff.ly/1GEoXma, null, A hot mess you won't mind mingling with. #limooteabar, That satisfied feeling when you catch something mid-air. #limoolife, What's for dinner tonight? #limooteabar, Happy Birthday America!

Reminder that Limoo is closed till the 6th! We know you'll miss us, we will be back soon!

See you then!, null, Limoo will be closed from July 4th - July 6th to celebrate America's 239th birthday.

Enjoy the BBQs!, Shawarmas, chili-basil popcorn chicken, saffron kebabs, & fresh fruit bubble teas all in one place till 1am nightly., Matcha is being recognized for its benefits. Matcha Lattes virgin or spiked with whiskey & Irish crème only at Limoo Tea Bar!

http://goo.gl/x2mo4Y, NBA Finals Tonight at 9! Who's excited?, Soccer Fans, come watch the UEFA Champions Finals with us this Saturday! We are opening at 2pm for this event! Limited Seats.

Drink Special of the Week: Fresh Watermelon Mint Mojito
$8 a single $14 a carafe $28 a liter to share.

Also kicking off FIFA Women's World Cup later on at 4pm: Canada vs China. Then New Zealand vs Netherlands @ 7pm., Looking for awesome individuals to work at Limoo Tea Bar. Know a friend? Hook it up!

Send us a message on our page or email us at info@limooteabar.com., To our friends celebrating today, happy new year!

May this year be full of luck and fortune for your family, friends, and significant others. 

Best wishes from Limoo. Click like to be blessed by our God of Fortune below!, Limoo Tea Bar Mentioned in United Airlines' Hemispheres Inflight Magazine!

http://www.hemispheresmagazine.com/2015/02/01/restaurant-next-door/

You gotta like this... *thumbs up!*, Wow! We are so happy for the support from you guys.

FYI - Construction is coming along great! It's a face-lift. 

Same great stuff - new packaging. Keeping it under wraps for now - but photos up soon!

In the mean time... Miss us... and... we'll be back after this commercial break! What do you think about the photo?, Construction has started!!! Will update with pictures and hopefully an end date soon.

Currently, we expect to be open shortly after February. We'll keep you posted!, New update on the shop:

We are still currently waiting on our insurance to let us know the payouts. 

On the positive side, we will be replacing our new sound system with the same sound system, but new again! That much has been approved.

We miss serving you guys and we hope to be back in business soon, but these insurance people are taking quite the while. 

More updates as they come., Update on the shop: we are drying up our walls and repairing the damage, hopefully be up and running by this weekend! Details to follow., For the safety of staff & guests, Limoo had to shut down due to a pipe burst in the building. 

We will be open as soon as repairs are done. Please stay tuned, we will keep you posted!, New hours for late night folks. Plus delivery!

Thanks for the support and helping us spread the love by clicking like. 
Online ordering in progress too; stayed tuned., Our awesome #shawarma in a whole new light. 

Click like if you're into fresh and natural foods like we are :)., Chilly and rainy days are best cozied up with something heartwarming.

Click like if you have something/someone cozy to look forward to today. 

#coffee #boba #rainydays, Fun Fact: Fresh fruit bubble teas are better served in a mason jar., Taiwanese popcorn chicken anyone?
Click Like to taste it virtually anywhere!, It's been a while since your last dose of food porn. 

Our new entree for the coming cold weather., Our first customer-made fan art. Enjoy!, Happy Hump Day from Limoo. Click like if you think our chef can pull off Pitbull for Halloween!, Fun @ Limoo! Happy Labor Day!, Our first dessert exclusively for our social media followers. This is the start of the Limoo Secret Menu. 

Click like or share for more items that will be unlocked!, null, null, The Boston Globe is going to feature Limoo tomorrow night at 8:00pm. Who wants to be in the news with us?

See you there!, Thank you all for your immense support! We had an awesome weekend with Boston. 

We love the Yelp (http://goo.gl/fXyDib) and Facebook reviews. Keep them coming!

We've got a ton of helpful comments and suggestions to work through. With your help, we will become THE place in Boston to kick back with friends.

See you soon!, null, null, Check out the sign!, Just a sneak preview of what's coming., Our pre-opening posters are now up! Marvel at their simplicity., null)