List(Padma is awesome, and also we catered that MIT event!😎
https://www.facebook.com/pbs/posts/10153610470422169, http://youtu.be/dPmbT5XC-q0, Open regular hours tomorrow (aka brunch 10-3) Sorry, #noreservations #easter #putaneggonit, #nicoise is back🎉, New season, new font-we know how to live it up!  Also we're SO CLOSE to 1500 followers, it's killin' us!!, We will be closed tomorrow (Tues 3/15) for catering and maintenance!!  Come back Wednesday for some new menu items!! #idesofmarch #catering #amoreisback, A lot of great places on this list, but especially our neighborhood favorite The Druid !!

https://www.facebook.com/bostonmagazine/posts/10153305749301333, Tomorrow!!
https://www.facebook.com/inmansquare/posts/10153979841023245, http://scrapstoscrumptious.tumblr.com/post/105237204055/city-girl-cafe-inman-square-cambridge-this-is, Pasta of the eve with spicy Italian sausage, braised fennel, and heirloom cherry tomatoes in a garlic-wine sauce.  #yummerz, Happy #supertuesday, Rainy night specials: roasted artichoke heart lasagna, baked polenta with lentil meatballs and marinara,and a bunch of new beer/wine chalkboard specials!, Come visit!  It's tropical🌴, Come be our Valentine!
Dinner: Fri & Sat 5-10
Brunch: Sat & Sun 10-3, Last day to register to vote!  Make sure you come in for dinner after!!❤️🎉🍕🍾🍝

https://www.facebook.com/cambridgelocalfirst/posts/1257407700953023, Woot-c'mon, it wouldn't be New England without a little snow!!❤️☃ #openinbos, Dinner 5-10❤️, null, January is so boring!!  Visit us for your dining in experience before 9:30 tonight, give us the finger gun thumbs up that Mike is doing, and we'll take 10% off your bill!, Delish current & upcoming beer specials.  Ooops, looks like someone got thirsty.😝, Roasted garlic does a body good in the winter!  These guys went into our potato soup that's topped with chives and bacon!, https://www.facebook.com/bostonmagazine/posts/10153192165186333, No line no waiting!  As of right now anyway! #brunch, null, Remember kids...we're back to normal hours this week!
Dinner (Tues-Sat 5-10)
Brunch (Sat-Sun 10-3), By day she was your charming server, but by night she's been bringing down the house in music venues across town!  Check out our bud, Ali McGuirk, who The Globe just named one of the top musical artists to look out for this year!!❤️🎤🎸

https://www.facebook.com/ali.mcguirk.3/posts/2798748567906:1, Hey you wild and crazy kids!!  We're open for dinner tonight 5-9 (closing a little early), and brunch tomorrow 11-3 (no dinner).  Come celebrate with us!!❤️🎉🍾🍕☃🎊, Yayay, thanks!  We love all of our neighbors in Inman Square - Cambridge, MA.!!, This will be a great addition to Inman Square - Cambridge, MA.!  Went to the open house and had a blast!

https://www.facebook.com/gatherhere/posts/1019049201451728, Visit us before we take a break this week!
Mon-Fri: closed
Sat-Sun: brunch only, We don't normally answer the phone when we're prepping for dinner, but we'll be available from 12-2 today for your last minute gift certificate needs!  You can charge over the phone and we'll mail it out to your recipient later today.  617-864-2809, 'Nuff said., Don't hibernate during the last nice days of fall-we'll be open from 5 to 10!
http://youtu.be/XE2fnYpwrng, We regret to inform you that our pizza oven is not being a team player tonight. However, everything else on the menu is available! You know you've had too much pizza this week anyway......., Our favorite holiday show starts tonight!  Break a leg!!❤️❤️🍾💃🏽🎉, null, null, Woot-perfect weather for a famous hot chocolate from our buds at
1369 Coffeehouse !

https://www.facebook.com/bostonmagazine/posts/10153112000106333, Hey!  Visit us this weekend before our break!  We will be closed Mon 11/23-Fri 11/27 and open again for your brunching pleasure on Sat 11/28 & Sun 11/29 (10-3)., Perfect night for a prosciutto and peas pasta!, Awwwww, you guys!❤️, Hey y'all, thanks for voting us best food AND best decor this year!  We had a blast!, This Sunday!!
http://www.thebostoncalendar.com/events/3rd-annual-inman-square-harvest-hoedown, Should've known none of the good candy would be left after the weekend😒, These are a few of our favorite things🎶🎶🎶. Come in and celebrate National Cat Day with some pizza and Bowie!, Super Bock is bummed that it's benched for now, but you can still come in and enjoy #nationalamericanbeerday !  We have some great specials like Boulevard Tell-Tale Tart and Fisherman's Pumpkin Stout., Mmmm, cheese., Didja know, our cult classic mac & cheese is on the fall/winter catering menu?!!, The best days are when the produce delivery guy passes us love notes from Trina's Starlite Lounge or Tupelo 😍😍😍😍, Next lasagna on deck: sausage and pepper!, Feels like a butternut squash pasta kind of a day., Dropping some of your fall favorites on this warm fall day!😆, null, null, Food for this evening was made in conjunction with the sounds of Hot Chip.  Thank you and you're welcome.  See you soon!❤️, Tonight: roasted artichoke heart lasagna.  And we don't think you'd regret having a Weihenstephaner Fest Bier with that.😉, Biscuits for days!  Just top them with some of our thyme sausage gravy, and you're all set!  #nationalbiscuitmonth, Back as a special: beluga lentil and farro "meat"ball small plate with a roasted red pepper aioli!, Help yourself to one of our new pens when you come in tonight!, Come in and hug an ice cold beer tonight!, That's amore!😍🍕🎶, School is in session!  And our catering menu is live again on our website: www.citygirlcafe.com, Check out this piece that aired today about the awesome Green City Growers !!

http://embed.wbur.org/player/radioboston/2015/08/28/fenway-farms#, Happy birthday to Khavala aka Heather Charming Pony!!  You always make our work days much more sparkly! 🎉, We apologize if you can't make it through to our 617-864-2806 line, it seems to be having some technical issues.  However, you can always reach us on our 617-864-2809 line for take out and such!!, Staff outdoor trip!! Yes Sam, your nails do in fact match the kayak😜!, Brunch until 3.  Do it., Specials today: Omelette w/herbed ricotta, heirloom tomato, and basil.  Flank steak and fried egg sandwich with fontina, caramelized onion, arugula, and basil aioli on focaccia.  And our blood orange mimosa!, Come in and get your #fico on tonight😏., Wait, wha whaaaat??  National Lasagna Day?!??, This is how we #dayoff !, Yes it's only 11am, but we have local beers for days that you have to help us drink tonight!, In honor of Boston's snow pile finally melting this week (yes, in mid-July people) here's a little tbt to snowmageddon., Come cool off tonight with some pink bubbles, you deserve it!, Best of luck to Kelly and Owen in Brooklyn, and thanks so much for our newest jade plant!!  Our regulars are seriously the best!  Xo, Perfecting our stone fruit rose sangria for you!, Remember kids, our hours this holiday weekend are:
Friday (dinner 5-10)
Saturday (brunch 10-2)
Sunday (brunch 10-3)
Happy 4th!!, For the first time ever we will be open on The 4th!  Brunch 10-2 this Saturday (closed for dinner).  Join us before your BBQ fun!, Sometimes a classic cheese pie is just the way to go., Happy Father's Day!! ❤️, That moment a delivery driver walks in on you belting out epic 90's hits off-key.  If this post seems familiar, it's because it's not the first time it's happened😁, Tonight's pasta: fettuccine with heirloom tomato, applewood bacon, and zucchini in a garlic-white wine sauce with chives and Asiago!, It's almost that time...brunch today from 10-3!, Summer menu starts tonight!  After this winter, we can't wait for the "official" summer!😜, Just a little afternoon découpaging.......
   Tonight's Specials-
Chilled Basil & Pea Soup
Mushroom Lasagna
Meatball & Fontina Panini
Farfalle with Corn, Cherry Tomato, Bacon & Basil Pesto, Your favorite heat wave salad addition:
A.  Bacon
B.  Cheese
C.  Veggies
D.  All of the above 😉, null, Tuesday specials!, null, Happy National Shrimp Scampi Day! 🍤🎉👍, null, House made pickled veggies aka summer yummerz., We have all the carbs you marathoners need-woop woop!!, Here's a tip we'll share with only our closest 1,384 FB friends-we are usually never on a wait for brunch after 1:30-like clockwork!!  Open until 3!!, Shout out to The Druid !  ❤️, null, After many technical issues, our website is up to date again.  Thanks for your patience!❤️
http://www.citygirlcafe.com/, Open regular hours today!  That means brunch 10-3.  Sorry, no reservations., null, Spring stuff, etc. and final tastings for next drink menu!, Don't worry-your favorite bruschetta made the spring menu cut😉, Due to popular demand...We also have some new dishes for pizza/pasta lovers as well!, Step #1 of our new signage!  We are officially no longer a speakeasy., tbt to that awesome anniversary party we had when so many amazing people popped in!, Finally some good weather! We have our happy ON. Come in and get a first taste of some of the new menu items., We were just sent this-cool, thanks!!😍

http://www.thecouchsessions.com/2015/03/food-city-girl-brunch-boston-cambridge/, While your favorites (turkey and prosciutto, tarragon chicken salad, egg salad & asparagus) may no longer be on the dinner menu-you can still order them on catered platters for your office!, Restaurant friends-check out the deal Inman Oasis is offering in March for your weary bones!, To honor the month during which spring occurs (even if only on paper), we are roasting up some veggies for pasta primavera in a lemon-leek butter.  And a Peak Fresh Cut couldn't be better to wash it down with!, Warm up with a bowl of chicken and wild rice soup!  Saturdays: brunch 10-3 and dinner 5-10., tbt to when we were young enough to keep up with the floors on our own.  After this doozy of a winter, we'll need a recommendation of someone who can give them the tlc they deserve! 😩, Plowing elves came last night and created parking spots on Hampshire Street!🎉, so you still have time to be our Valentine!, Yes, we are open today!
Due to the storm, hours will be 11-2. Strap on your snow shoes and throw your friend in a sled. We'll be waiting!, Blizzards can never come between us! There's too much love in this kitchen. See you tomorrow night?, We're willing away the snow and planning to be open regular hours this weekend:
Fri & Sat 5-10
Sat & Sun 10-3, Help us and other Inman Sq restaurants help On The Rise!  The event is at noon on Saturday, March 7th right over at Puritan & Company and Eventbrite tickets can be purchased from this link: http://goo.gl/I0bflV, We will be open tonight @5!  This is how it's looking, so you'll have to check www.cambridgema.gov to see when they will lift the parking ban., Happy National Pizza Day!  We're closed Mondays, but still celebrating at home!, True, we're not even halfway through brunch(10-3), but it's National Fettuccine Alfredo day so you might have to stop by for dinner(5-10)!, Tons of veggies went into our za'atar chicken and vegetable stew.  Round it out with our evening pasta w/bacon, sunchokes, and brussels along with a glass of Old Patch Red and you'll leave full, warm, and happy!, Interesting piece on flavor preferences.  No matter what yours are, we'll have them here for you tonight when we re-open!

http://onpoint.wbur.org/2015/01/28/tasty-science-flavors-food-drink, We're giving in to Juno, but perhaps try us tomorrow!, TBT: staff holiday party after The Slutcracker !, null, Looks like people are still out of town!  Come on in and get some breakfast without any wait!!, Our New Year's 2015 menu just dropped!, We've survived our break (thanks Trina's Starlite Lounge for hosting our awesome staff holiday party!) and are ready to rock! Note holiday hours:
NYE 5-9pm
New Year's Day 11-3 (brunch only). Let's do this!, Hey!!  Visit us for your brunch needs tomorrow!!!, *Urgent message from the desk of cgc..., A throwback brunch video!!, null, Cozy up to some of our winter catering options! 😉, Trick or treeeeeaaaaat!!, Getting excited to check this out!, Get yer tickets soon!
Second Annual Inman Square Harvest Hoedown
isbahoedown.eventbrite.com, Even though our sign may be on the fritz, we are indeedy open.  Come visit!, Alright vegetarians, you asked for it-we have a three bean chili and a spinach lasagna for ya!, We have a problem.😳. Help us drink it!, Congratulations to Inman Oasis for 9 awesome years! We wouldn't have survived  without your hot tubs and massages!, Hot dog, these are refreshing!  We have the AC cranked for ya!, 'Tis the catering season., Thanks Wicked Local!, Two things that you have two days to do: 1.  Vote for us for best pizza in Scout Cambridge magazine online!  2.  Get 20% off a gift certificate!, We're nominated for best pizza! 
Give us some love and votes!
http://scoutcambridge.com/archives/4447, It's a bacon and Magnetic Fields brunch!  Playing all three volumes of 69 Love songs.  Brunch until 3.  Closed tonight for dinner., null, Come into the AC!  We don't have a TV, but you can watch the game on my phone until it dies! 😝, Wine is chilling, AC is roaring, all we're missing is YOU! 
Spicy watermelon gazpacho on special tonight., Second AC unit finally installed!It's nice and cold in here!, These will cool you down!, Brunch is ending at 2 today, kiddos! Enjoy the beautiful day and come back for dinner., White Bean & Asparagus Panzanella, ice cold Sangria and us. Dinner tonight. Do it., Just a reminder, we are closed Sunday nights in June.
And Happy Fathers Day to all the awesome dads out there!, Tonight's specials-

White bean & Sage Veggie Burger 
Summer Squash Lasagna
Spaghetti with Shrimp, Broccoli and Lemon Caper Sauce
Wash it down with a big ol' glass of rosé!, Your summer faves are coming back!, Just in case why you're wondering why we close on Mondays........, iiiiiiiiiiitttttttt's baaaaaaaaack!!, null, Moms, what do you want us to put on the brunch playlist for tomorrow??, I know everyone is playing outside, but come and visit or we'll be forced to turn to bubbles early!, A.  Follow us on Instagram (citygirlcafe), we can reach you better there.  B.  Come in for goat cheese polenta!, null, Have a delicious glass of this tonight with your pasta special: penne, bacon, fresh favas, and cherry tomatoes in a ramp butter., null, Good thing we still have some snow worthy beer specials!, Ali McGuirk is waiting for you!  Eat a special pasta and ask her about her gigs this week!, null, CGC will be closed for brunch today!
Open at 5 for dinner and general merrymaking., It's that time of year!  Come and get some corporate catering platters for your office or campus!, null, Waiting for our first shipment of Yuengling to arrive! Come share some Pennsylvania pride tonight!
Chicken & Wild Rice Soup
Roasted Eggplant Lasagna, We're closed for dinner tonight, kiddos! Raincheck?, Come feel the love on Valentines Day! 
Special menu includes Lobster Alfredo, Roasted Pork Loin and Chocolate Zabaglione.
Get tipsy on Lambrusco and Chocolate Port!
Still taking reservations or just come on in!
No date? No problem. We will always love you., You missed us for brunch, but you can still catch us for dinner!! Xo, Come in and we'll warm your belly!!, We'll be closed tonight, but see you Tuesday at 5.  Have fun watching the football!, Over the moon with PA pride: just pre-ordered cases of Yuengling for it's arrival to New England in March!!, Stop by and have some butternut squash soup: topped with crispy sage, goat cheese, and toasted hazelnuts. Beers: Troegs Perpetual IPA and Ipswich Winter Ale., It's nice and toasty in here! 

Tonight specials:
Tuscan beef stew
Mushroom bolognese over creamy polenta
Roasted artichoke lasagna

Wash it down with a glass of Barbera!, Fresh batch of house pickled veggies coming your way!, null, You asked for it!  We brought back the fresh ricotta, roasted cherry tomato, basil, balsamic reduction bruschetta!!, Have you tried our new spinach and fontina dip? We can't stop eating it! The first 3 people that come in for dinner and tell Lauren that her fanny pack is rad get this cheesy deliciousness for free! 
Ready, set, go!, The margherita is back!  Also check out the spinach and fontina dip and eggplant caponata small plates!, Due to safety concerns during this severe weather warning-we have decided to close tonight.  Will re-open tomorrow at 5, weather permitting.  Xo, Today 11-3:
Polenta bolognese, winter veggie hash, flank and egg sandwich and much more!!, null, Ready and waiting for your company at brrrrrunch!, We are open again!  Still doing 10% off gift certs this weekend, and don't forget New Year's Day brunch!!, Have a great holiday! See you on Friday!, Visit us tonight because we won't be open again until Fri 12/27!  Also, don't forget about our annual New Year's Day brunch!, An old winter classic!  And remember, 10% off gift certificates in December., Be sure to visit us before we take a holiday break!, We know how to warm you up!, Opening at 6 tonight!, 10% off gift certificates in December!, Shop at all of our great small businesses in Cambridge today!, Mmmmm, lasagna..., 1rst Annual Inman Square Harvest Hoedown was a hit!
Guess who won a golden apple??!! Thanks for all who voted and to the Inman Square Business Association for a great day!, null, spooky sparkly skeletons 😝, Brrrrrrunch, people!, Baked polenta with a mushroom and thyme ragu!, Perfect for October: Fettuccine Carbonara with pancetta, asparagus, and asiago., Come and get it: pappardelle with mushrooms, sausage, and kale or Swiss chard lasagna with bechamel!!  Yummerz!!, Come in out of the rain for our new mushroom melt, and maybe a Brooklyn Pumpkin, too!, Taste testing pizza is harder than it looks, we swear!, We're opening at 6pm tonight to finalize phase one of the fall menu!  See you then!, Thank you soooo much to all of the friends and family who came out last night!  Special thanks to..., We can wait to see you tonight! Thanks for all the flowers and congrats, you guys are the best. 
We're closing at 1 today to get ready to PARTY!, null, We're 5! 
Lets have a party!, not.messing.around., Happy fall!, Your new favorite: lentil "meat"balls!  They go splendidly with a Weihenstephaner Oktoberfest!, 'Tis the catering season!  Email us at citygirlcatering@gmail.com, Baked eggplant fresh from the oven! Come in tonight for some Eggplant Parmigiana and a Downeast Cranberry Cider. We miss you!, This+bacon=morning remedy, So much it won't even fit in the photo!!, Get your favorite summer corn pasta while it lasts!, We still have some summer beers on deck for cookers like today!  Join us for dinner!, Thanks to Cisco Brewing Company and matt lambo for a great tour!, null, Ratatouille with goat cheese and basil oil. Glass of Montepulciano. Your night just got so much better!, We're going to be closed one more night, kids! Come in Thursday night for some late summer ratatouille, pappardelle bolognese and spinach lasagna!  We miss you so much!, Don't forget, We are closed sun-tues this week! See you Wednesday night!, null, Specials: Bolognese lasagna and baked ricotta with roasted cherry tomatoes, bacon, and basil!, Awww shucks, we ❤ you guys too!, null, I'm slingin' your food tonight!  Including cheap pastas from 5-7!, Weird.  And cool.  And weird.  Thanks for brunching with us!!, Lots of specials lined up for ya to drink!, We are hiring a cook!!  Email resume: citygirlcatering@gmail.com, Half-priced pastas still happening!  Read more.., Micheladas are back for brrrrunch!, Half-priced pastas?!  Wha whaaa?!  Read more!..., null, Don't feel like cooking?  Come in for our specials..., Come in for a glass of Rioja and our new menu items, such as the black lentil "meat"balls or kale Caesar!, Yay!  Celebrate the many awesome local, independent businesses we have in the area!!, We will be closed this evening!  Come by this week to check out some new menu items, and enjoy this steamy day!, Pasta of the eve: Penne w/sausage, cannelinis, tomato.  Also, try our new Hefe with a cup of 3 bean chili!, Brunch, people!, null, null, Just a reminder, CGC is closed for dinner tonight. Everyone have a great Memorial day!, BRUNCH!, Pasta: fettuccine with roasted cauliflower, pancetta, bread crumbs, anchovy butter-great with the Grillo!, We only put up neon for really special beers.  Like Peroni.  Or maybe Yuengling someday:), Now hiring a P/T cook (Sat/Sun brunch a must)!, Come in for an antipasto board tonight!, Just really good to see your faces today:)  As a reminder, we are donating 10% of our sales all weekend to http://onefundboston.org/, 10% of our sales this weekend will go to One Fund to support the families of the victims. Thanks for helping us give!, Good Morning all! Due to delayed deliveries, we will be opening at 11 today. See you then!, City of Cambridge is still advising a lock down, so we will be closed for the evening.  Be safe., Stay inside and be safe!!, Come visit Greg (aka Pony Boy) for his birthday!!, Omelette special: Brie, smoked ham, and Granny Smith apple!!, You deserve one!, Don't forget about our phenomenal catering for your office!  Email for inquiries: citygirlcatering@gmail.com, Come visit Ali G.!!, null, Pasta: Fettuccine with chicken, cherry tomatoes, and roasted asparagus in a lemon-caper sauce.  Lasagna: Sweet Italian sausage.  Libations: Rio Madre Rioja and Troeg's Hop Back Amber Ale., Just a reminder:  we are closed for the day!  We'll miss you!! Xo, Get your cgc on today because we are going to be closed tomorrow (Sunday)!!, Tonight: Roasted corn and sweet potato chowder with Schlenkerla Marzen smoke beer AND portobello and thyme lasagna with Tenute Rubino Primitivo!, Stop accidentally getting caught up in crazy Restaurant Week like I do, and come here for the likes of fontina polenta with pancetta, portobellos, and spinach in a shallot-thyme sauce!, WednesdayWednesdayWednesday: Farro risotto with roasted asparagus, crispy speck, and asiago.  House made mushroom and thyme ravioli with Gorgonzola and arugula in brown butter., Our phones are on the fritz, but we are open!, Academy Awards special!!  $2 off any pizza or pasta tonight!  Xo, Thanks to all our beloved customers for making this blizzard so awesome! You complete us., To ensure the safety of everyone walking, we need to wait for our landlord to send some snow blowers over to clear out our building.  We are hoping to open for brunch at 10:30., We are open tonight at 5!!  Walk on over and have some house-made sweet potato & ricotta gnocchi with speck, baby spinach, toasted walnut, asiago and brown butter.   Any future hour changes will be posted on FB., Get your cgc on before the big storm!  Soup: Tomato Tarragon. Lasagna: Roasted red pepper and fontina. Beers: Southern Tier Double Milk Stout and Boulevard IPA., Friday night specials: Porchetta panini with pickled fennel, hot peppers and apple! Chicken and wild rice soup! Wash it down with a Heavy Seas Winter Storm ESB. We're nice and toasty in here!, Cold weather specials: Fontina polenta with sausage, butternut squash, spinach, and pine nuts with a shallot wine sauce!  Brooklyn Black Chocolate Stout!, Woot!!  Lentil soup.  Penne with bacon roasted brussels, tomato, and romano.  Butternut squash lasagna with rosemary bechamel., Best.NewYears.Brunch.Ever!  11-4., null, Omelette with portobello, gorgonzola, and sage.  Visit us today, tonight, or Tuesday when we will have a special New Year's brunch from 11-4!, Please visit tonight before our break!  We close at 9pm and open again on Thursday!  xoxo, bacon and biscuits and gravy, oh my!, A little delayed acceptance speech, but thank you to The Weekly Dig and everyone who voted that they like our place for Italian in the Camberville area!

http://digboston.com/taste/2012/11/dig-this-awards-2012-food-drink-camberville/, Come on in and feel the love! 

Special-Swiss Chard & Portobello Risotto w Toasted Walnut & Asiago
Lasagna-Sweet Italian Sausage 
Soup-Chipotle Beef Chili
Antipasto Plate- sweet coppa, sopressata, taleggio, cider pickled vegetables, eggplant caponata, artichoke pate, marinated mozzarella, rosemary olives

Don't forget to pick up some gift certificates!
 They're perfect stocking stuffers and they're 10% off! 
                                                                         xo, null, null, City boy Sunday specials: Tomato basil soup and a four cheese panino with fresh ricotta, fontina, mozzarella, and asiago.  And don't forget to add a wintry beer: Wolaver's Coffee Porter or Ipswich Harvest Ale.  Yummerz:), Please visit us tonight before we close Thurs/Fri!!  Lasagna: Roasted artichoke heart.  Pasta: Fettuccine with sausage, broccoli, and a Gorgonzola-thyme cream sauce with walnuts and Romano., Happy belated third anniversary to Brian and Cait!  We're so honored that you guys chose to celebrate with us!!, Happy Birthday to Lauren Anderson, fearless pony wrangler, orderer of delicious beverages, keeper of the back door, director of Baba Operations, overlord of the basement, playlist analyst and accounts payable extraordinaire! All your ponies love you!, Pasta: Pumpkin Alfredo with walnuts and baby arugula. Soup: Southwestern chicken and black bean.  Drinks: Graziano Zinfandel and Brooklyn Black Chocolate Stout.  booya., Happy Election Day!  If you voted please come in and tell Ted, and you can enjoy any pasta for $10 while dining in tonight!, Nothing beats a city boy hug ambush:), null, At the risk of a stampede: our first Butternut Squash lasagna (w/rosemary bechamel) of the season is ready! Other delights include a smoked pork and thyme bolognese with fresh rigatoni and a Tuscan minestrone. Also, Autumnal drinks up the wazoo!, Happy 8th anniversary to our favorite irish pub, The Druid! Thanks for all the years of veggie burgers, pints and love! Here's to many more! xoxo, Wednesday!!  Pasta: Fettuccine with sausage, tomato, red onion in a sage-white wine sauce.  Beers: Geary's Autumn and Pyramid Apricot.  Newest City Boy: Greg., Tonight's madewithsomuchlove Specials!

Soup-Butternut Squash and Apple
Lasagna-Escarole and Caramelized Shallot
Pasta-Fettuccine w Chicken, Spinach, Currants, Pinenuts and Asiago
Antipasto- Speck, Sweet Capicola, Pickled Cauliflower, Eggplant Caponata, Red Pepper and Walnut Pesto, Ravenno
Beers- Abita Pecan Harvest, Pyramid Apricot

See you soon! xoxo, Happy 3rd to our Besties!  You've fed us when we're starving, soothed our pain with High Life and Fernet and supported our business since you landed in Inman. We love you, Trina's Starlite Lounge!, Hey All! We will be closed for dinner tonight for a private event. Sorry for any inconvenience or lack of craving fulfillment. xo, After some experimentation, we declare the following as our updated fall hours:
Tues-Fri 5-10
Sat-Sun 10-10
xo, Friday slacker brunch specials: omelette with zucchini, mozzarella, plum tomato, and basil.  Bruschetta with pesto, fontina, and roasted red peppers., Friday brunch/lunch specials: Omelette with shallots, roasted cherry tomatoes, goat cheese, and tarragon.  Panino with turkey, spinach, red onion, gorgonzola, and fig aioli., We're waiting for you, friends!!, CITYBOYSUNDAY! (and me, apparently)  Pasta: fettuccine with red peppers, corn, asparagus, and fresh ricotta in a shallot butter sauce.  Drinks: Hopler Gruner Veltliner and Sierra Summerfest.  And...so.much.more!, Chefanie's beautiful omelette: sage, gala apple, gorgonzola., Friday brunch special: omelette with cherry tomatoes, basil, and mozzarella.  Yummerz!, null, FRIDAY BRUNCH!!, Special omelette: smoked cheddar, bacon, and jalapeno!, Weeeeee're baaaaack!  With some light offerings for the evening such as watermelon gazpacho, and a goat cheese bruschetta with fig, walnuts, honey, and baby arugula!, We know that you'll miss us while we're closed Monday through Wednesday, so come in and visit us tonight!, Check.It... Soup: Wild Mushroom. Small Plate: Gorgonzola stuffed figs with prosciutto, balsamic reduction, and served atop baby arugula. Beers: Victory Headwaters Pale Ale and Geary's Hampshire Special Ale., Don't forget to cut out of work early today and grab some brunch before 2pm!, Thanks, Boston's Hidden Restaurants!
www.hiddenboston.com/CityGirlCafe.html, Tonight: Asparagus Bisque; Penne with roasted butternut squash, spinach, and walnuts in a sage brown butter sauce; Southern Tier Raspberry Wheat beer!!  And don't forget about FRIDAY BRUNCH 10-2!!, REMINDER:  Now serving Friday Brunch (10-2)!!  That's right, for the remainder of the summer we have extended our brunch in lieu of our regular lunch hours.  See comments for more..., City Boy Sunday!  Please come over and meet our newest addition, Ted, if you haven't already.  Also: Broccoli and asiago soup and four cheese lasagna.  Drinks out the wazoo:  House made white sangria, local Westport RJR Sparkling Brut, and Troegs Sunshine Pils just to name a few!!, Be sure to visit our beloved lunch server, Leah, before her last day on Friday, June 8th!  Also, check out the comment on this post for our summer hours starting the week of June 12th..., Your favorite: Bolognese lasagna!!  Also, antipasto: speck, bresaola, garlic mushrooms, pickled cantaloupe, Maytag blue cheese, roasted red peppers, artichoke pate, gruyere, olives, and caper berries.  Drinks: Estandon Rose and Fox Barrel Blackberry Pear cider!, Wednesday!  Pasta: Zucchini, cherry tomatoes, basil, goat cheese, and walnuts.  Lasagna: Spicy Italian sausage and thyme.  New local beer in rotation:  Offshore Amber Ale from Martha's Vineyard., ISO contractor/professional handy type tonight/tomorrow morning..., City Boy Sunday!  The boys created a lovely and light pasta special for this evening: Fettuccine with roasted cauliflower, sausage, plum tomato, spinach, and romano in evoo and garlic.  We also have some thirst quenching brews: Butternuts Weissebier and Sierra Ruthless Rye.  And of course, Happy Mother's Day!  xo, Hiya!  For tonight, we have... Soup: Potato and Roasted Garlic.  Lasagna: Parmesan Roasted Artichoke Heart.  Wines:  Martinshof Gruner Veltliner and Haut-Bardin Bordeaux.  See you soon!  xo, Big thanks to all of the people who helped us with our new fridge today!!  Now that we have more room for food and my wrist is getting better, we will have more fb postings!  Nevermind the fact that I don't know how to tag people, or even have the slightest idea about this timeline thing that I've been dreading., We are still in need of a brunch cook ASAP!  Sat/Sun approx 8-4.  Short or long term with the eventual possibility of more hours.  Please email Lauren/Khavala at citygirlcatering@gmail.com  Thanks!, Hiya!  Will be closing after brunch today for our egg hunt!, Hi, all!  Will be closing at 9pm tonight, and re-opening Tuesday at 5pm as to take care of some maintenance.  See you Tuesday for dinner!, Forget your troubles of the day by having dinner with us!!  XOXO

http://youtu.be/LZGg2A3_3IA, Anne is waiting to embrace you after your snowy journey!  Figuratively, of course.  Pasta special: Fettuccine with chicken, roasted asparagus, asiago, and evoo/garlic.  Lasagna: Roasted shallot and basil.  New beer: Cisco Grey Lady.  New wine: Pacher Hof Muller Thurgau., Lasagna: Portobello and basil  Pasta: Fettuccine with chicken and roasted red peppers in a pesto cream sauce  New special beer: Abita Restoration Ale, null, Just out of the oven: Roasted Butternut Squash and Rosemary Bechamel Lasagna! Tonight's specials also include Roasted Corn Soup and a Baked Four Cheese Penne. Wash it down with a Sixpoint Bengal Tiger or a Magic Hat Howl. Anne is waiting for you!, We may not be suave football players, but we can make a mean pasta...just ask Sammy Davis!, Happy Wednesday!  Soup: Broccoli and asiago.  Lasagna: Spinach and sundried tomato.  Wines: Foris Gewurztraminer and Vigne e Vini Primitivo., Okay sleepyheads, it's time to brave the "snow storm" and visit us for brunch!  Omelette: Provolone, sundried tomato, and basil.  Bruschetta: Goat cheese, apricot, honey, and walnuts.  XO, You asked for it to return: Bolognese lasagna!, PAAAAASTA: Penne with cauliflower, bacon, breadcrumbs, crushed red pepper, garlic, evoo, and romano!  LASAAAAAAGNA: Roasted red pepper and baby arugula!, Local brew dawgs now entering the rotation!, Please visit us from 5:30-9 tonight, or for brunch tomorrow from 11-3.  Happy New Year!! XO, Welcome back!  Pasta: Penne with eggplant caponata.  Soup: Southwestern chicken and black bean. Lasagna: Roasted artichoke heart.  Beers:  Brooklyn Black Chocolate Stout and Victory Yakima Glory., You have merely two more hours to visit us!  We will be closed from Friday through Monday.  New Year's Eve we will close at 9pm.  New Year's Day we will only be serving brunch (note: 12-4pm).  Happy Holidays!!, TuesdayTuesdayTuesday!!!  Soup: Tomato tarragon. Antipasto: Prosciutto, fresh mozzarella, roasted red peppers, artichoke pate, portobellos, arugula, tomato, olives, goat cheese with walnuts and honey., Tonight!!  Soup: Mushroom bisque. Lasagna: Four cheese.  Entree:  Barley risotto with portobellos, baby arugula and walnuts., Holiday office catering!, Closed after brunch today.  See you Tuesday!  XO, null, null, Pasta:  Fettuccine with butternut squash, sausage, gorgonzola, walnuts, and arugula.  Beers:  Original Sin Pear Cider and Abita Pecan Harvest., null, null, Pasta special:  Fettuccine with zucchini, roasted cherry tomatoes, fresh ricotta, and basil.  Beer:  Spaten Oktoberfest.  Wine:  Provenza Rosso (Sangiovese/Barbera blend)., Pasta:  Penne with a mushroom and thyme bolognese.  Beers:  Abita Pecan Harvest and Victory Festbier.  Salad:  Spinach with peaches, bacon, raisins, asiago, and balsamic., null, Boy are we tired, but what an amazing week.  Thank you!!  Xoxo, Due to a catered event, we will be closed for lunch today., Soup: Tuscan Vegetable and Kidney Bean.  Pasta:  Penne with Roasted Butternut Squash, Swiss Chard, Pine Nuts, Olive Oil, Garlic, and Romano.  Beer:  Fisherman's Bavarian Wheat., null, null, Omelette w/black forest ham, cheddar, and mushrooms!, sandwich: speck, bresaola, sundried tomato, romaine, aioli on baguette.  soup: chicken and basil.  don't forget about the thursday brown bag special and festivities in vellucci plaza throughout august!, Stop the cafe from 12-2 today for the $10 Brown Bag Lunch, then head to the park for Funch!, ANTIPASTO TONIGHT:  prosciutto, speck, bresaola, artichoke pate, roasted cherry toms, olives, fresh mozz, roasted red peppers, and egg w/truffle oil!!, Lunch combo specials until 2pm!  Soup: southwestern black bean.  Lasagna: spinach, arugula, and caramelized onion., you asked for it: egg salad and asparagus sandwich special!!, pasta: penne with basil, sundried tomatoes, black olives, and feta.  soup: jill's amazing red lentil.  and more!, Ever wanted to be a dishwasher at City Girl? Tonight's your lucky night! Hit us up!, Yikes! Emergency oven repair in the morning, but we will be opening for brunch as soon as possible (hopefully at 11am)., Eggs. Bubbly. ABBA. Come and get it!!, We are officially re-opened!!, The humidity has things drying slowly, we will be open for dinner tomorrow, but we're skipping lunch. Stop by, we've missed you!, Open for brunch until 2!  Egg scramble: smoked mozzarella, prosciutto, baby arugula. We will close after brunch for minor renovations; see you on Wednesday!, We will be open for brunch tomorrow (10-2), but then we'll be playing with sparklers and stuff until Tuesday. Come visit us on Wednesday when we re-open!, Despite still crying over Loren V. leaving us for Cali, we're still gonna do brunch, I guess. Omelette: smoked mozzarella, prosciutto, arugula. Bruschetta: goat cheese, golden raisins, pistachios, balsamic reduction. Don't forget to visit, Loren and John!! Xo, pasta: fettuccine w/zucchini, cherry toms, basil, and fresh ricotta.  soup: parsnip.  and a new beer/wine list!, Closing after brunch today (@2)!, Bolognese lasagna about to go into the oven! Ballantine is back; it's a tall boy kinda day., Tonight's antipasto: speck, coppa, artichoke pate, marinated mozzarella, roasted red peppers, fresh ricotta, egg w/truffle oil, tomato, and arugula.  Have it with a local Frosty Knuckle Ale!, Happy Birthday, Liz! We love you!, Egg scramble: portobellos, asiago, and thyme. With potatoes and toast. Brunch until 2!! Happy Sunday!, Stop by and see us while you're out enjoying this beautiful day! Khav is putting on an asparagus bisque!, Let Stephanie and Lauren make you breakfast, you deserve it., Who cares about the heat?! Come in for some of Stephanie's sausage and white bean soup-it's yummerz! If you come in soon, you can catch TJ's 80's mix! Lunch combo specials until 2pm., Guess what just came out of the oven? Four cheese lasagna! Also tonight, summer squash and basil soup, penne with roasted cherry tomatoes, baby arugula and goat cheese, maybe top it off with a couple sangrias? Make sure to check out Gannon's sassy new penny loafers!, Yeah, brunch! Love it!!, Omelette special: roasted cherry tomatoes, baby arugula, and fontina. Wash it down with Baba, naturally., Phew-catering madness all afternoon, but visit us for dinner after 5!, Happy Mothers Day! We will open @11am due to a catered event., Tonight's antipasto: prosciutto, sopressata, eggplant caponata, fresh mozzarella, marinated white beans, egg with truffle oil, roasted red peppers, olives, plum tomato, and baby arugula. Soup: broccoli and asiago. Lasagna: roasted eggplant. Xo, Tonight: fettuccine with roasted zucchini and summer squash, fresh ricotta, basil, evoo and garlic; curried chicken veggie soup; and original sin pear cider back by popular demand. All perfect for a spring evening!, We will be closed this Sunday, but please join us for brunch or dinner on Saturday!, Today we are rockin' Migas for brunch! Tex-Mex style with chorizo, cotija cheese, peppers, tomatoes, corn tortillas, and cilantro!, Special omelette: cilantro, cheddar, bell peppers. Let Gannon serve you up some Ballantine tall boys with that!, It's finally spring! Come celebrate with a mimosa and our omelette special: fresh ricotta, sage, and red currants. Brunch until 2pm!, Don't forget about our salad/soup/sandwich combo specials: tues-fri 12-2!, Soup: ratatouille; antipasto: sopressata, speck, marinated asparagus, fresh mozzarella, pickled carrot and fennel, olives, brie, egg with truffle oil, tomato, arugula, Tonight: chicken and wild rice soup, sausage lasagna, fettuccine with portobellos, arugula, walnuts in a gorgonzola cream sauce. Some new special beers chilling...AND MORE!!, Tonight: broccoli and asiago soup; spinach lasagna; penne w/sausage, roasted tomatoes, arugula; and veggie antipasto!, Good luck to Michele and Jim! We will miss you horribly!, Pop in for your perfect dinner: winter veggie and farro soup, egg and asparagus bruschetta w/truffle oil/bacon/asiago, baked penne w/sweet potato/bacon, and a bottle of montepulciano!  , New bruschetta, pizza, and apps on the menu+tonight's food and drink specials=you join us for dinner.  Also, we have new quick and cheap lunch combos every tues through fri 12-2pm!, Yes, I'm glad you asked, we ARE hiring p/t cooks and dishwashers!  If you know anyone, have them drop us an email for more info: citygirlcatering@gmail.com, Portobello and thyme lasagna is in the oven; farfalle w/chicken and butternut squash; and if all goes well, a tomato tarragon soup will also make an appearance!, Due to insane popularity, we have made another big batch of potato and roasted garlic soup (get your butt in here, karli)!, We always liked our sangria(a little too much!), so thanks T.J.!, some of today's specials: chicken and wild rice soup (i think i saw some parsnips and kale going in, too!).  sage and red currant meatball sliders (an old favorite with a new twist!), New Year's resolution: post more regularly on fb.  Dinner specials: Bruschetta w/marinated cannellinis, pancetta, asiago.  Fettuccine w/chicken, asparagus, basil, and sundried tomato/walnut pesto. Throw in some special beers and yours truly waiting tables, and it's looking like a par-tay to me! -lauren, Fight the rain and visit us for brunch (10-2), we are quickly selling out of our scrambled egg special with duck confit, roasted cherry tomatoes, and scallions.  Dinner until 10-we'll be putting on a carrot ginger soup and who knows what else!, We will be open tonight until 10 for all of your pizza needs (I'm not able to get into the cafe account at the moment, but yes, I'm talking to you, Laura!) , blizzard=delivery delays=opening Tues.@5.  we will resume regular hours all week, inlcuding New Year's Eve and Day.  missed you!!, Just a reminder (since our last post seems to have vanished), we will re-open Tuesday, 12/28!!, We LOVE this list! Not only does our little Meglio get mentioned, some of our amazing friends and neighbors are on it too.  Cheers to comfort food!, 10% off gift certificates during December-come and get them before our holiday break begins (Dec. 20th)!!  Also, Khavala is finishing a ratatouille stew that smells amazing :), Our October Special: Help-we need new music!  Bring in a CD (or three!) for us to add to our collection.  It could be a mix, an album you like, or maybe you want to promote your own band!  Include your name, email, and mailing address on the sleeve and we will enter them all into a random drawing at the end of the month for prizes.  Thanks, we can't wait to listen!, Honey-Chipotle Turkey Chili is simmering. Come and get it before Sam eats it all up!, Chicken and Wild Rice Soup, Portobello and Thyme Lasagna. Come get lunch!, So the painting is done, and the new hardwood floors are being put in as we speak! If all goes well we open on Friday night. Cross your fingers for us and see you this weekend!, Good luck on your move, Ewa and Dave, and all of your new adventures!  xo, the students are gone and gannon (our pet waiter) is getting lonely on sunday nights! so, all summer we are offering discounted specialty pizzas on sundays from 5pm-9pm. $12/take-out; $10/dining in. come in and let gannon give you the beer and pizza pampering that you deserve!, It's Jill's last day! Morning dance parties will never be the same! We love you, Jilly, and wish you all that you deserve!, Grilled chicken, gouda, apple and basil-pecan pesto panini! Carrot ginger soup! Sweet italian sausage lasagna! Asparagus bisque in the making!, You asked for it...Roasted Corn Soup! , No need for a date, we'll be in love with you on Valentine's Day! Our dinner specials, lovely libations and sultry sweets will have you swooning. We're even taking reservations!, Tonight is our beloved Elizabeth's last night at City Girl! We'll miss her speedy ways and dance routines. We love you Cook!, Join us for a New Year's Brunch, Friday 11-3! Monte Cristos, Biscuits and Gravy, Baked Polenta and More!, City Girl Cafe is going to The Slutcracker!  We will be closing at 3pm on Sunday 12/20 for our second annual staff trip to this amazing show at the Somerville Theatre.  We will also be closed from 12/22 to 12/28, making it possible for our beloved staff to go home for the holidays. Come in before the break or we might miss you too much!, null, null, null, null)