List(Moko will be closed the 4th of July., Try our new Lover maki and fall in love with Moko again., Happy 1st day of Summer Boston, null, null, Crispy Spicy Tuna Maki
$13.95, null, Nothing says Happy Valentines Day like a romantic dinner and dessert @ Moko
Fruit Tart $6.95, Tomorrow is the last day to vote!! Make sure you are voting for your favorites! www.wickedlocalfavorites.com, We now have deserts that complement our fine selections., null, Lobster & Scallop Maki
Lobster salad ,fresh seaweed, scallop, mango, and black tobiko
$14.95, Boston we need your help !
Click on link below, Enter 10 local business's and the towns they are located.
Moko is under Local Flavor:
Sushi Restaurant - Moko - Boston, Boston we need your help !
Click on link below, Enter 10 local business's and the towns they are located.
Moko is under Local Flavor:
Sushi Restaurant - Moko - Boston, Please vote for Moko under Sushi Restaurant in Boston!! Help support small business's in Boston., Follow us on Twitter for deals on meals ! #BostonMoko, Hamachi Belly Combo,
6 pieces of nigiri + 6 pieces of sashimi
$29.95, Moko Happy Baby Roll !!!
Bring your kids by to have some healthy food!!, Dynamite!
Diced Scallops & crab sticks mixed with spicy mayo & tobiko, baked on a scallop shell and topped with eel sauce + scallions $14.95, Super Yellow Tail Maki, Red Panda Eating Sushi, Boston Mussels, Come to MOKO and have a drink with your Sushi, null, null, null, The South Boston Chamber of Commerce presents the Annual South Boston Street Festival. The festival features the Best of everything in South Boston! Local restaurants, retailers, artists and organizations fill the street along with live entertainment, street performers and children's activities., null, Let us cook for you, null, null, null, A South Boston Favorite "Crispy Spicy Tuna Maki", Open:
Mon: 4:00 pm - 11:00 pm
Tue - Thu: 12:00 am - 11:00 pm
Fri - Sat: 12:00 pm - 12:00 am
Sun: 12:00 pm - 11:00 pm, Moko's Stuffed Jalapeños, Come by and try our Tuna Avocado Salad, Moko was recently featured in an article by The Boston Globe., Hwae Dop Bup $19.95
Sashimi and vegetables with spicy sauce, served with miso soup, For Moko's anniversary, please join us for half-price Edamame between 4pm-5:30pm, 7days a week!".
*Dine-In Only*, Gindara 13.95, Sushi Lollipops  $9.95, Come By And Try 
Live Scallop
$11.95, Come Celebrate Memorial Day at MOKO. Try our new Dish " The American", Spring time Sushi, Moko knows Sushi., null, null, null, Crispy Spicy Tuna, Tuna Tartar, Come in and try our Delicious Beef Tataki, Happy St Patricks Day., Tuna Carpaccio, Your seat is waiting!, Tempura  
{ Shrimp, Asparagus, Vegetables }, Organic Salad with Fresh Ginger Sauce, null, Shrimp & Vegetable Tempura, Snow Sushi Car., Help us win the Wicked Local Readers Choice Award
Please vote for Moko in the Sushi section., Sail into Moko with your friends and enjoy our sushi boats., It doesn't have to be Valentines Day to reserve a table. Call us at 617-752-4601 to reserve your special night., *New* -The American-, Come try our new dish Moko Club., We need your help! Please click on Moko's Google + page below and write a review. Let us know when dinning at Moko that you left a google review and we will certainly help you., We need your help! Please click on Moko's YELP page below and write a review. Let us know when dinning at Moko that you are a Yelp Critic and we will certainly help you., Every Saturday/Sunday, we will now offer two specials. $2 off Crispy Spicy Tuna and Sexy Crispy (for dine in customers only)., null, Sake Sake Bomb!

Come on in to enjoy a sake bomb after 9:30pm everyday!

Check out this recent pic -- "Bombs Away!", null, The wait is over.  Thank you all for being so patient!  We are so excited to announce that Moko has its beer and wine license!  Come on in to try our tasty beers and wines!, null, During Restaurant Week Aug 19-31 try our Ebi Salad appetizer., During Restaurant Week Aug 19-31 try our Tuna Avocado Salad appetizer., During Restaurant Week Aug 19-31 try our Sushi Lollipops for lunch ... 3 courses, including Appetizer & Dessert, for just $20.12., Try our new special today " Organic Green Tea Noodle just $8.95 ", Sen. Jack Hart's wife, Michele, visits Moko. Thanks for your patronage Michele!, Try our new special 4th of July Crispy Spicy Tuna Maki just $13.95, only on Wednesday !!!, null, We're HIRING! Bring resumes to APPLY IN PERSON., http://www.yelp.com/biz/moko-boston, Celebrating a birthday? Want to embarrass a friend? Want to learn how to make sushi? Want to get your hands dirty and learn how to make sushi from our proffessional sushi chef? Try Moko's new promotion "Become a Sushi Chef".  Email or message for more details., Our NEW CRISPY SPICY TUNA!!!!! gET IT SPICY OR SUPER SPICY!!!, Order our fresh shima aji sashimi part of the Yellow tail family!!, What would you think if Moko started serving Brunch on the weekends??? Traditional Japanese breakfast., NOW ACCEPTING RESERVATIONS!!!!! Call and reserve your seats now!!!!, Check out this review from Thrillist.com
http://www.thrillist.com/food/boston/ma/02127/south-boston/moko-japanese-cuisine_asian_date-spots_korean_lunch_seafood_sushi_japanese, Try Crispy Spicy Tuna(crunchy rice, spicy tuna, cream cheese, and japapeno!!) Mention Facebook and "like" this post for discounted roll!!! "Like" Moko Japanese Cuisine's page for MORE special offers!!!, Grand Opening!, David F Nicholson 2011, null)