List(Boston's Best Karaoke Tonight starts at 10pm..

Be There and Have a great time !, Great Trivia Last Night, Thanks to all and see you next week..Featuring the Geeks Who Drink at the Jeanie Johnston, This could be you tonight at the jeanie Johnston pub featuring Tom Bradys wife Band. Live Band Karaoke Tonight 10 to 1.https://www.facebook.com/events/599955956835635/?active_tab=posts, Tonight We will Rock you with Live Karaoke Band " Tom Bradys Wife is in the House", Tonight Tom Bradys Wife Band will Rock You !, ITs a Goal !@, JP Music Hall Presents Box of Records this Friday Night.
Free Music to the People NO COVER just great music....
#JpMusicHallBoxOfRecords, null, Nice Home ! call me to see it asap..., Boston PD Drop the Bunny off at the Jeanie Johnston pub..., Lets Rock the Boat Tonight, null, Marty and Pj driving the boat tonight😎, Its a party Night !, Jeanie Johnston will rock with Tom Bradys Wife band, Live Karaoke Band !, null, Trivia Tonight featuring Geeks who Drink, is your crew smarter then mine ? Prizes given top 3 teams.
Great food and drink 🤓#GHDtriviaJp, The Great One !, Hit me with your best shot 😎live action, Great show tonight Live action #jeanierocks, Mystical Misfits Rocken the jeanie live action. free music to the people ! 
#jeanieRocks, The dead have landed at the jeanie Johnston pub band starts at 9:30
Tonight free music to the people !, Great One !, Great Night of Geeks who drink , See you all next wed., Tonight Mystical Misfits Will Greatful dead the House !, Great day night band is rocking green beer is flowing😎, RIP, please keep lanes open, when you see a cop stopped..., #SaintPatricksDayBostonPartyToday, Lets Party Today! Happy Saint Patrick's Day To ALL
The Jeanie Johnston Pub 144 South St. JP, Guinness infused Corn Beef Dinner ! Wow this Thursday will be Awsome !, Lets Party Saint Patrick Style !, null, Watch her Do some SNL Karaoke !, Gang is Rocken, Live action jeanie is Rocken, null, null, This is how we Rock it At the jeanie johnston pub, Its Saturday Night and Lets Rock The Jeanie Tonight, Boston's Best Karaoke with Music Master Nicky is in the House..., Get your Geeks Who Drink at the Jeanie Johnston tonight 8pm, You Think YOUR Crew is Smarter then My Crew ! Prove it, This Week a Team will be honored with Jeanie Trivia Champ. Can your Crew Be #1 This Week ?, Grammy Has some FIREBALL !, Live action #jeaniekareokeLiveActiin, Live action get down to the Jeanie Johnston pub its Rocken ! Great job Sean 🤓, Tonight lets Rock The Boat ! Party Starts at 9:30 pm, We Will Rock YOU Tonight With Live Band karaoke at 10PM, Jp music hall rocks this Friday Free music to the people 😜, Great night at Boston's Best Bar, null, null, null, Great Night Everyone ! Karaoke for Cancer ! We Raised over $1,000 to help Helen..., Live Band Karaoke Tonight 10 to 1 am at the Jeanie Johnston pub, Karaoke for Cancer ! This Saturday Night ! Live Auction and More ! Shirts Like this for sale ! Great Time, Great Karaoke and Great Drinks !, Good Morning All and This Girl Rocks ! Happy Monday...., Shelby live Jeanie Johnston pub karaoke, Get Down Tonight Like This At The Jeanie Johnston Pub with Live karaoke and Club Jeanie Johnston https://www.facebook.com/events/1601239086763379/, Lets Rock The Boat Tonight !, Its Official " The Jeanie Johnston Pub makes people Happier. " #JeanieJohnstonPubMakesMeHappy, Mark your date Book ! This Friday will ROCK at the Jeanie Johnston, Great night of Kareoke at the jeanie Johnston pub, Jeanie is Rocken come sail away with me.Great job JR, Its Saturday Night ! Lets Get it on at the Best Karaoke Bar and Club in Boston.. Nicky K Rocks the house with amazing Karaoke Culture and Club Jeanie... Will be full House Tonight So Come in early and get your song in..., The Jeanie Johnston Pub is sexy and we Know IT..., Lets Rock This Boat Tonight #LiveBandKaraokeTonight https://www.facebook.com/events/898773060238628/, Lets Geek it out Wednesday Night, HEEE HEE, Lets Play trivia Wed. 9 to 11 for F. U. N and Prizes !!!, wow good doggie, ToNight Charlie Rocks the Boat at JP Music Hall, Free Music to the People  ! NO COVER ! Jeanie Johnston Pub 144 South St. JP (Boston) #JpMusicHallFridayFreeConcerts, Lets Rock the Boat Tonight With LIVE BAND KARAOKE !, Trivia Night in JP at The Jeanie Johnston Pub Featuring Geeks Who Drink, JP Music Hall is Featuring Clash Tribute Band,This Friday 10PM. Free Live Concert At The Jeanie Johnston Pub 144 South St. JP #JpMusicHallFridayFreeConcerts, He Looks Marvelous !, Baby got back the Jeanie Johnston is Rocken, Getting down tonight at the Jeanie Johnston, Live Kareoke, She rocks the house, Live Band Karaoke in Back in JP Tonight .. Be A Rock Star Tonight and sing in front of a Live Band. Can You Dig IT !, R.I P. Loved your Work David Bowie...., Boston's Best karaoke Bar - Be A Rock Star Tonight in Boston., Boston's Best karaoke Bar - Be A Rock Star Tonight in Boston.
Sing with friends or Make it Your Night. Show starts at 9:30pm., Boston's Best Karaoke Bar featuring Grand Master Nicky Come party with us Tonight... #BostonsBestKaraokeTonight Party Get Going around 9:30pm...OH ya Shelby Cobra is Having a wild Birthday party !!, Live action, null, Are You Ready To  * JP Style New Years P A R T Y *, null, TOYs For Tots Collection at the Jeanie Johnston Pub all weekend... please drop a gift off for the Kids...

Thanks,

Eric and Hank, null, FREE DJ Show , "JUST THE BEATS'
DJ Dylan Rocks the Boat Tonight ... Show starts at 10pm., null, See All tonight at 7:30 pm, Ya, Bruins vis THE Bad Guys (Montreal) 7:30 Tonight, JP Poker night and school at the Jeanie Johnston Pub
Tonight 9pm..., Karaoke Party Tonight #KaraokeBostonTonight
And Club Jeanie Get your Grove on Tonight Be a STAR, https://www.facebook.com/events/537618419721217/, Get out And Party Tonight in JP at Boston's Best Karaoke Bar
#KaraokeBostonTonight The Jeanie johnston Pub 144 South St. JP 10 To 2
https://www.facebook.com/events/537618419721217/, Live Free Concert Tonight at The Jeanie Johnston Pub 144 South Street JP Show starts at 10pm..., Thanksgiving Relative Relief Open at 7P, null, Tonight Awsome Club Jeanie and Karaokee At The Jeanie Johnston Pub Dance like a Cat Tonight. Party starts at 9:30pm...., JP Music Hall is Open with Free Concert featuring SMUG Band Show Starts at 10pm... Oh Ya Cold Beers and Amazing food ! Bo0 YA Baby, TONIGHT FUN, FUN and More FUN... Get Down To The Jeanie johnston Pub Tonight !, null, Bruins Game On... Beer is cold.... Get down to the jeanie, The Force is With You...!, Game Starts At 8:30 Tonight , Kenny at Bar and Beers are Cold !, How To enjoyWine and Talk about it !!! Funny, 2015 Halloween Costume Greg with President Bill Clinton Ashley Madison profile, https://www.facebook.com/events/997653776921363/, https://www.facebook.com/events/997653776921363/
see Todays The Jeanie Johnston Pub Holloween Party bash Tonight, Looks Like Fun #HolloweenCoolerBLite, Police Academy Music man is Awsome !, Go Brady Go Brady ! Tom Brady, Amazing new menu Nachos
Santeria Nacho platter
#jeanieNewMenu, http://jeaniejohnstonpub.com/about.html, Live Free Concert At The Jeanie Johnston Pub Party starts at 10, Go Boston Bruins Hockey, Tonights your Night, Geeks who drink trivia Halloween party tonight prizes for best costume 😎, Happy Monday All The Jeanie Johnston Pub is Open For Lunch at 12 Noon today..., funny, The Jeanie Johnston Pub $.50 Cent Wing during MNF Steelers Vis Chargers Party Starts At 7pm pre-game...

  * New Menu and Great Cold Beers... * #NewMenuJeanie, New Menu mmmmm good try our new steak and cheese yummmmieeee #NewMenuJeanie
Open for Lunch Daily *New Hours*, #BostonsBestKaraokeBar, Get Ready for A Great Friday...., GREAT JOB Ireland !, ARE YOU WITH ME MAN !, The Food Is FRicken Amazing ! Hay FOODIE NEW Menu at The Jeanie Johnston Pub 144 South Street JP..., Bruins Opener Tonight At The Jeanie Johnston pub.. See All the action with our New Menu and Cold Beers... Go Bruins !, #JpTriviaNight Cold Beeeers and great Time Tonight !, Hockey is HERE !, go bruins, Relax today..., COOLD Beers ARE Ready for you ! Get YOUr Football on Today, The Jeanie and NFL thats Nice !, What a night Boats Rocken tonight, Boston's Best Party Tonight !, NEW Day Time Hours
Open Daily 12 noon.... 
Lunch  at The Jeanie Johnston Pub #JPLunch, Go Jack !, Meet At The Jeanie Johnston Pub Tonight and Join JP Poker School with the Crew #JpPokerSchool https://www.facebook.com/events/1652797311625795/, Lets Play At The Jeanie Tonight #JPPokerSchool, null, Watch Slap Shot Tonight at The Jeanie Johnston Pub at 10PM, jeanie Karaoke Party Tonight show starts at 9:30 pm with Boston Best Music Man Nicky at The Jeanie johnston Pub 144 South St. JP
https://www.facebook.com/events/1634035966877050/, https://www.facebook.com/events/1634035966877050/, NFL and Bruins Tonight at the Jeane Johnston Pub 
Great Food and Drink all night long...., This Friday will Rock with The Clash cover Band Charle Don't Surf, This Friday at JP Music Hall , The Jeanie Johnston Pub pub presents Charlie Don't Surf Show Starts at 10pm... Free Concert in JP #JPMusicHallCharlieDontSurf, This is How We Feel About the New Jeanie Johnston Pub with new look and New Menu starting Oct. 1st., OH ya he is Vengefull and wants to show all he is the MAN ! Go Brady !, Meeting Tonight At The Jeanie Johnston Pub  See Kenny at the Bar, Boston Best Karaoke Tonight, Oh ya Dylan tonight spinning his grove, null, Oh Ya its Trivia Night... Geeks Who Drink Trivia at the Jeanie Johnston Pub tonight 9 to 11... Get your Geek ON ! #JpTriviaNight, JR. Rocks the boat live action now, Jr rocks the boat in the finals, JP Music Hall Opens at 9pm .. Two Free Shows ! #JPMusicHallatJeanieJohnstonPub, null, Oh Ya We ARE Pumped for Tonight Game !, Thing Change in Life, once a unknown and now 4 time Super Bowl Winner...Check Out the Pats Game and Our New look at the Jeanie Johnston Pub 144 South Street JP , Game Time 8pm., Poker School at the Jeanie Tonight Play and learn how to have fun on thursday nights in JP... Great Time and Cold BEERs....OH YA Patriots Football at 8pm, null, Friday Night At JP Music Hall, Jeanie Johnston pub.... Two Bands - Free Concert, Week #12 winner
All winners report to finals sept 12 at 10 pm for finals, Boston's best on stage tonight 😎, null, Let play poker, Poker school tonight have fun and play poker at the jeanie johnston pub 144 south st Jp 9-12
The Jeanie Johston pub, The Jeanie Johnston Pub, Thursday Night Poker and NFL...
JP Poker Night is on with Poker school for all to attend. new and returning player all welcome to enjoy a great night. Learn to be a poker champ at the Jeanie...NFL Games, Go Pats ! Jeanie Johnston, Friday sept. 11 JP Music Hall Will Be Rocken..., See How it Works, Geek Who Drink Live For Free At Jeanie Johnston pub 144 South St. JP, tonight 9-11 at The Jeanie Johnston Pub Great Time, Food & cold Beers, null, Jeanie Live action Jp idol JR. His awesome !, null, Pats Game on At 8PM Get Down To The Jeanie Johnston Pub 144 South Street JP to chear them ON !, Let's play, null, Boat is Rocken on the river, null, FREE LIVE CONCERT AT The Jeanie Johnston Pub Sept. 25th., I AGREE WITH EVANS !, null, JP idol Week #9 winner
Courtney, Great Day Jackie Bradly Jr., Boat is Rocken, If You Got It show it Tonight ! See The Boat Rock Tonight at The Jeanie Johnston Pub 144 South St. JP Party Starts at 9:30pm. Be WINNER #9 OF JEANIE JP IDOL TONIGHT !, Jp music hall is rocken with the clash cover band, Live Clash Band tonight.... JP Music Hall is open at 9pm 144 South Street JP, Game On At The Jeanie Johonston Pub 144 South Street Jp
Party starts at 8pm, come on down and enjoy the Game. Great Food and Drink.. See Hunter and Kenny at the Bar., JP Music Hall at the Boat - Gona Be AWSOME !, Boston's Best Karake Host Nicky Will get the party started..., If You Got It show it Tonight ! See The Boat Rock Tonight at The Jeanie Johnston Pub 144 South St. JP Party Starts at 9:30pm. Be WINNER #8 OF JEANIE JP IDOL TONIGHT !, Donalds at The Roxy, Go Big Pipi, Bruins are on the way !, YEs you stopping Bye or what !, Get it Together and Play Trivia At The Jeainie Johnston Pub 144 South Street JP 9 to 11 pm.. Great Time Great Fun All Welcome..., null, null, We need more Shaws in Boston...., Tonight Your NIGHT To Take The Trophy Home !
The Jeanie Johnston Pub at 144  South Street JP Party Starts at 9:30pm, null, null, null, Tonight is the night ...., Tonight Is Poker School Night .. Play and Lean how to play Poker at the Boat. Great Time and Beers.....All Welcome.... The Jeanie Johnston Pub 144 South Street JP, Get your Homer on At The Jeanie Johnston Pub
Great Fun and Prizes !! Oh YAA BEERRRRRR!, Oh Ya Its Trivia Night At the Boat... Come on Down and play Boston's Best Siren Trivia.. Great Food and Beer, NEW AC plowing cold all night long, Stop in and enjoy..., We Love You Padro, Go Pats ! The Jeanie Johnston Pub JP feld house this season,,, Stop in and watch all the games..., Amy We Remember, Poker night school at the boat
Play poker and have fun with friends party starts at 9 Great drinks and food, Saturday night Idol at The Jeanie Johnston Pub
144 South Street JP Boston 
show starts at 9 to 2am..., #FunkytBubblersAtJeanieJohnstonPub, null, ITS COLD IN THE JEANIE TONIGHT WITH AMAZING AC AND GREAT BEERS. See Ken at the Bar go to  The Jeanie Johnston Pub
GAME ON ! #REDSOXGAMEonAtTheJeanieJohnstonPub, Great Time to All Last Night ! Congrats to Tony C...., Winner Jp idol week 5 is
Tony C, Boats Rocken, null, 😀😜😍😳T G I F at the Boat today open stop In ken has the 
AC Rocken and Drinks are cold 😎, Bikes and Beer !, null, Live action at jeanie 😀 86 MLB Allstar Game .
Hunters got the beer cold !, Jp Idol #4 and shark attack ageda, Jeanie is open enjoy the 4th at the Boat 🇺🇸, Stop Down to the Boat for a great drink and See Hunter at the Bar.. AC on and Beers are cold... see you there !, Mr Mark winner week #3, Elvis lives at jeanie, null, null, null, null, Rock Tonight at The Jeanie Johnston Pub, null, null, Lets Get funky tonight and hang at the Jeanie Johnston Pub
Great Music and Drinks..till 2am..., today we remember, Opening day starts in 5minutes!!!!!!!!! We have beer. We have hotdogs. You know what to do. See you soon., We will be open at 6 pm tonight. So come on in! Kris Hanson behind the bar., null, null, null, Yoga Classes are in session, GO Northeastern University, Bruins vis capitals tonight 7pm
Let's make it 7 in a row !!!, Trivia tonight at the jeanie johnston pub 144 south street Jp  from 9-11, Live action at the jeanie Johnston pun, The Boat is Rocken early live Mr Mark, Lets Party Tonight ! Boston's Best Karaoke Party 
The Jeanie Johnston Pub 144 South Street JP, Get Down to the Boat, The Jeanie Johnston Pub for a great Night...Boston Celtics vis New Orleans Pelican Game on at 10pm. Go Celtics ! #GameOnAtTheJeanieJohnstonPubTonight, Lose your love tonight, Live, null, Boston's best live karaoke 
The jeanie johnston pub
144 south at Jp tonight 9 to 2am, JJ will open today at 3:00 today come on down, Jeanie's will be open @3 today. Come on in!, GET IN EARLY AND GET YOUR SEAT FOR THE BIG ONE !, null, null, null, null, STOP IN AND HAVE ONE ! LETS TALK SNOW, Elvis at the jeanie Johston pub live tonight, Wow !, null, Boat is Jamin, Boat is Rocken tonight, lets get down Tonight, Bruins Game on at 7 for Pre Party ... Go Bruins 6 in a Row !!!, null, Oh YA Siren Trivia Tonight, Its Trivia Night at the Jeanie Johnston Pub come on Down to The Boat 144 South Street Jp for a Great Time !, Ohio State vs. Oregon tonight at 830pm! Come in! Come in! Its warm and we have beer and football., Get on the boat! NFL playoffs start at 1, doors are open now! Cheryl or Kris behind bar all day. 50 cent wings during the games. Its a good day., Boats Rocken tonight live action. These girls are great :), PATS GAME ON GET DOWN TO THE JEANIE JOHNSTON PUB
144 SOUTH STREET JP
do not let this guy have all the fun ! CHEER ON YOUR Pats !, Tonight at the Boat! 
http://www.sportsworldnews.com/articles/26089/20150105/wwe-raw-spoilers-and-preview-ambulance-match-randy-orton-and-more-expected-for-first-raw-of-2015-video.htm, Boston's Best Karaoke Be A Rock Star Tonight. Live amazing Karaoke culture. Rock the Boat. 144 South Street JP 9:30pm to 2am.., Roll en on the river, Live action, New Years rocks at the boat, Lets Rock the Boat Like its 2015... Toast At Midnight The Jeanie Johnston Pub, New Years Party JP Style :), null, This Boats Rocken stop in live action tonight, Lets party tonight. Karaoke and club jeanie start at 9:30pm tonight.
Boston's Best, Kareoke party and club Jeanie Johnston 
Party like its Christmas !!!
Starts at 9:30 tonight :), Great Time All...Thanks BFD for your hard work and helping our Kids.
# 10 Your The GREATEST !!!!, All room bliztz, It's raining Boston fire dept men :), She rocks the boat, Party just getting started meet me there !, Get your Toys and Meet us There ! Toys For TOTS Tonight
The Jeanie Johnston Pub, null, Great tunes, Great drinks, and Great people!  Matty and Kris on the bar till 2 am, null, #FunkFridaysAtJeanieJohnstonPub, Real Estate Foreclosures In Boston Area, #cambridgeOpenHouseToday, 1980 rocks the Boat, She rocks the house, He be singing Bruce, null, Siren Trivia tonight 9-11 At the Boat, null, Monday night Football and Bruins Hockey Tonight at the Boat ...
Stop in and see us...:), Roll en on the river, null, She rocks, Oh ya, null, null, Karaoke Party and Club Jeanie 
Lets Party Tonight  :) Club Jeanie Starts Rocken at 9:00 Till 2 Am
The Johnston Johnston Pub 144 South St. JP - Will You Rock The Boat Tonight., T G I F at the jeanie johnston pub great food and drink. Meet you there college football and hockey games are on 144 south st Jp, Open for turkey's today
Come on down and see us.
Open till 1am
Games are on!!, null, I love you baby, The jeanie Johston pub
Karaoke and dance party tonight 10-2am let's Rock the Boat :) meet you there, Getting there FUNK ON !!!, Friday night,  Matty and Kris on the bar and Tyres spinning the funk till 2 am, #DJTiresSpinsAtFunkFridays, Siren Trivia At Jeanie 
Tonight from 9-11pm
Get out of the House Dude and Play some Trivia., null, null, Eric and Hank are from Western Mass  ! Funny, null, Ya Lots of Football, Game start at 1pm to 1am at the Boat.
Get down to the Jeanie Johnston Pub 144 South Street JP
Buffalo Wing Special only $0.25, Awesome !, Do the hummoddy hump
Old school, She is Rocken the Boat 
The jeanie johnston pub is jamin tonight, null, JP Apartments for Rent, It's Friday night! Time to get after it! Matty and Kris on the bar till 2 am, Boston Best Trivia - Siren Trivia At Jeanie 
Tonight from 9-11pm
Get out of the House Dude and Play some Trivia...., Jeanie is Rocken the boat 
Meet me there jeanie Johston pub 144 south st Jp, She rocks, Black Elvis lives in Jp 
Live at Jeanie Johnston pub, null, Lets Party Tonight ! Boston's Best Karaoke 
9 to 2 am Jeanie Johnston Pub 144 South Street JP, Happy Friday everyone! Matty and Kris on the bar till 2 am!, null, Boston's Best Trivia
Tonight 9 to 11 at the Boat
Jeanie johnston pub
144 south street Jp
Meet you there :), Are You Ready for Some FootBall ?
Game on Tonight at 9pm. Stop in at the Boat.
Jeanie Johnston Pub 144 South Street JP, Pats Game ON 4PM AT THE BOAT 
go pats !, Thank you  DJ A. Ghost, and everyone who came down last night!!, Funky Fridays just stared jamin come on down to the boat , live funk Jd music till 2 am jeanie johnston pub, null, null, Happy Halloween!  Come down and party with us!, Friday night at the boat!, Join us for an extra-special-ooky-kooky pub quiz tonight at The Jeanie Johnston Pub! Extra points for any players in costume and candy for EVERYONE!! #BestInBoston, null, Go batman rocks the house, Looking good at the jeanie johnston pub, Jeanie is Rockenn, Spookeyookee Halloween party. Boston's best karaoke. Live at the jeanie johnston pub.
Halloween party tonight    
Get your spook on.
10 to 2 am, Happy Friday!  Matty and Kris on the bar till 2, Search for homes right from my Facebook page! Please feel free to contact me or schedule a showing.

Start searching now: https://read.n-play.com/gateway/homesearch/176335387166, null, Boston's Best Karaoke and Dance party
jeanie johnston pub
144 south street JP
10pm till 2am "Be A Rock Start Tonight", Happy Friday everyone! come by the boat,  Matty and  Kris on the bar till 2 am, Ok boy's and girl's huddle up,big divisional game tonight,Patriots v Jets,coverage start's at 8 pm,so come on down and grab some 50 cent wing's and check out our great beer selection.Domo and Jimmy slinging drink's,kitchen open all day.We also have some Bruin's action v Montreal going on so should be an exciting night Go Pat's, Boston Trivia Tonight, 8-11 pm 
Great Time, enjoy and have fun !
Boston Best Jeanie johnston pub 
144 South Street (Jp )Boston., Go Gabriel 
The only way, Dance party, Rockne country, Live karaoke Rockne till 2 am Jeanie johnston pun, null, Boston's best karaoke tonight.
Jeanie johnston pub
144 south st Jp
10pm-2 am 
Rock the house.,,, Football great drinks and good times tonight at Jeanie Johnston open till 1 am, Game on patriots 8:30
Meet me there
Jeanie Johnston, Meet me at 
Jeanie Johnston
Karaoke is about to start 
Till 2 am 
Let's rock, Boston's Best karaoke
Tonight live at
Jeanie Johnston
9:30pm to 2 am
Be a Rock star tonight !
144 south street Jamaica plan(boston), College football all night with great music and food.
Jeanie Johnston, null, Go Bruins it's hockey time !, I'm not afraid, Live at Jeanie Johnston, Boston's best karaoke
Tonight 9:30-2am
Jeanie Johnston
144 south st Jp
Rock it tonight !!!, Domo Matty Friday and No fucks given!  Come on down!, Happy Birthday Boston, Get your trivia in tonight
Come on down to Jeanie Johnston and play live trivia
See you there, party starts at 8pm,  JP Condos and Homes for Sale
Prices Starting at $140,000, Andre' Isaacs
2014 Jeanie Johnston
Idol champion, Jeanie Johnston

Final round tonight 

Jp idol 2014 championship will be awarded tonight !

Party starts at 10 pm to 2 am, null, Jeanie Johnston
Idol winner week 8 Alex
See you all at the finals sept 6 at 9pm, Trivia starts at 8 tonight meet me there Jeanie Johnston, Are you Ready For Some FootBall ?, null, week 7 winner jp idol
Jeanie johnston pub, Jp karaoke dance party 
Tonight 10-2am
Meet me there :), Jeanie Johnston
Win this trophy Jp idol and dance party party starts at 9:30pm, Week 6 idol winner
Kristian w
Jeanie Johnston, Lady's roc kin
Jeanie Johnston, Tina turners rolling on the river
Jeanie Johnston, Rockin at Jeanie Johnston, Win this trophy tonight 
Jeanie Johnston
Club Jp dance party starts at 10-2am
Meet me there :), It's Friday, time to party! Sox and Pats on TV and Matty and Cheryl on the bar, Thursday night at the Jeanie means poker hosted by mr wonderful Mike Campbell
Kitchen open all night 
Meet you there :)
Jeanie Johnston, null, Jp idol winner week 5
Mr. Mark, null, Live band tonight 
Jeanie Johnston
Smudge 
Starts at 8pm, Jp idol winner live, Melanie L. Week 4 Jp idol winner, Back street boys at
Jeanie Johnston, Jp idol dance party
Jeanie Johnston, Mr Mark rocks the house
Jeanie Johnston, Great, Jamin at Jeanie Johnston, Jeanie Johnston is Rock en tonight, Be a rock star tonight and win this trophy !!!:), null, null, Happy Sunday!  Come drink away your Sunday blues with Matty!, Jeanie Johnston
Week 3 JP idol winner
Adrian, null, Happy Friday everyone!, Sunday funday at the boat!  Matty on the bar till 1 am, Week 2 Jp idol winner
Emily H., Karaoke competition tonight
Jp 2014 Jeanie Johnston idol 
Win this trophy and a ticket to the finals. 9pm to 2am
Boston's Best Karaoke, Red Sox's win !!
Meet me at
Jeanie Johnston
Open till 2 am, Come get your trivia fix Kevin is on the bar so there will be plenty of smiles.  Our lovely host Charity providing JPs best Trivia.  Get here at 8:30 for all the fun., Trivia Night tonight 
Live fun trivia 
Starts at 8pm
Meet me there !
Jeanie Johnston, Jilly is on the bar!! Come say hi!!, JP idol week one winner 
Jesse Bromley
Song: Born to Run, Live at Jeanie, Live Jp karaoke and dance party, null, Karaoke Boston's Best 
Jeanie Johnston
Party starts 9:30
Win this trophy !!!, Come Rock This Boat!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!, Poker School Tournament at 9:00 pm Tonight.  Bostons Best father son duo behind the bar all night. Come see Kevin and Domo they make a wicked drink., AC is on and so is the World Cup.  Come cheer on your team or just come have a beer.  Stay for Trivia that's right Siren Trivia 8:30pm prizes and smiles!!!!!!!!!, Come drown your sorrows at the Jeanie Johnston. Jill is serving cold beers all night! , Keep your holiday weekend going at the boat!  Matty on the bar till 1 am, Happy b day USA 
Rock en live, Jeanie Johnston
Karaoke competition tonight starts at 9:30 pm win this trophy !, Happy 4th of July everyone!  Don't let Artie the one man party wrecker ruin your night!  Mattys on the bar, null, Trivia @ 9pm  Oh Yeah!!!!!!!!!!!!   Prizes, Smiles, and we have a Gin infused with mint which is cool!!!!   Come say hi Kevins only shift behind the bar tonight., USA game on now
Get out of work and get down here !
Jeanie Johnston
Go USA !!!!, Rock en live at 
Jeanie Johnston
Open till 2 am tonight, Jp dance party 
Jeanie Johnston
Get down to the boat open till 2 am, Jp dance party and karaoke 
Jeanie Johnston
Meet me there 9pm, Happy Friday everyone!  Jill and Matty on the bar till 2 am. Let's do this!, USA World Cup 
Game on 
Open early 11 am
Skip work and come on down to the boat for a great afternoon. Go USA !, Cup is over till tomorrow but Trivia is on at 9:00pm sharp over here at the Boat.  Prizes and Smiles!!!!!!!!!!!, World Cup is ON.  AC is ON.  Kevin behind the bar and Trivia Wednesday is later get here around 8:30pm we start at 9 sharp., It's Monday and Kevin is making an appearance behind the bar so $7 Fernet shots all night long.   We know you industry folks are off. Come say hi!!!, Mayhem Mondays with Cheryl has been cancelled this week and replaced with Khaos with Kevin.  Come say hi. The World Cup is on, AC is on, and Beer is Cold!, Game ON!!!!!!!! Being Your home to World Cup action we will be open at Noon today for the first games.  Come have a pint and cheer on your team., Game on World Cup Action
Go USA starts at 6
Jeanie Johnston, Sunday at the Jeanie Johnston big big game for US soccer today at 5.30 v Portugal so get down here and roll out the flags Dominic Casey on the bar, kitchen open all day lot's of great beer so let's go USA, Jp dance party and karaoke 
Jeanie Johnston, World Cup is on and so is the AC!!!!!!!!!!!!!!, Thursday night at the Jeanie Johnston means game night,we also have a late Red Sox game at 10 pm v Oakland.Dominic Casey slinging the cocktails,great food,great beer, Red Sox's at 7
World Cup starts at 6 pm
Russia vis South Korea, Your Dad DEFINITELY wants a beer. Just so happens, we have beer. And World Cup. And burgers.... Cheers to all the Dads! (Those who are still with us, and those who mosied on ahead to the big dad in the sky.), Great time, Kitchen open all night, null, null, Jp dance party and karaoke 
Meet me there at 9, Bostons Best Karaoke Tonight 10-Close., Cup starts at 12 and so do we.  Cold beer and some day drinking come say hi.  JPs own Kevin Doyle behind the bar all day., World Cup is on Beer is cold!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  All games will be shown at the Jeanie.  Come rock the boat and support your team/teams!!!!, Red Sox's Starting Soon... 

meet me there !, World Cup starts at 4:00PM!!!!  AC is ON Beer is Cold.   Sox are on later and the NBA Finals.  Also Poker School at 9:00PM.   Full Menu till 11:00 then late night menu till close.  Cheers!!!!, Come down to the boat tonight 
Trivia action 
NHL stanly cup 
And cold beer
Kitchen open till late
Meet me there !, Trivia Tonight 9:00pm!!!!!  Games, Prizes, Beer and our bomb host Charity from Siren Trivia!!!!, You've made worse decisions than going out drinking on a Sunday night!, Happy Friday!!!! Jill and Matty on the bar, come start the weekend with us!, Poker Thursday at the The Jeanie Johnston,kitchen open all day,great beer selection,good rainy day for throwing back a few.Dominic Casey slinging drinks oh and Kevin Doyle will be here too,so let's do this, Trivia Wednesdays 9:00pm come have some fun.  Prizes, Smiles, and Beer!!!!, Dance party Jp style :), Great time come on down ! 
It's a party, null, Jeanie Johnston is Rock en 
Till 2 Am 
Meet me there !:), null, Tonight live band 
Great music cold beer !
Starts at 9 meet you there, null, null, The Mechanical Ramblers and Rich Crowe LIVE @ The Jeanie Tonight 9:00pm .  Jilly and Matty on the bar all night.  There should be some guest appearances sitting in with the band tonight too, possibly a New Lows member or 3.  Come have some fun!!!!!!!, It's your trivia fix for the week 9:00pm with Siren Trivia hosted by the lovely Charity.  Prizes, Smiles and of course Kevin behind the bar mixing up our new drink menu!!!!!!!!!!1, Happy Memorial Day weekend from all of us at the Jeanie Johnston pub. Come down for a pint if you're around JP., Sunday at the Jeanie and Domo is lonely so come on down for a game of chess and a bite and a beer,watch the Red Sox loose 10 in a row ,I'm  waiting.Mattie Mc will be here for the night show, Party, Rock en, Jeanie is rock en with karaoke till 2 am.., Start your long weekend off right and come check out the new drink menu and for you dangerous folks our new shot list too.  These of course will be served by JPs most dynamic bartending duo of Jill "Style with a Smile" and Matty "I shake my martinis like Shakira" Cheers!!!, Thursday at the Jeanie Johnston Pub,means poker school,kitchen open all day,Domo slinging drinks,great beer selection,come down and watch Montreal go down 3 games to zip,, null, Trivia Tonight 9:00pm sharp.  Prizes and Smiles and our lovely host Charity!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!, Happy Sunday funday everyone!, Sunday at the Jeanie Johnston Pub,unfortunately the hockey playoffs are stiil on minus the Bruins,so we have Kings v Blackhawks at 3pm,then we have basketball Heat v Pacers at 3 30pm,Finally we have Red Sox v Tigers at 8 05pm,so kitchen s open all day,Domo in the daytime and Mighty Mattie in the pm,come down and check out our new beer selection,throw some darts,play some games, null, null, LETS ROCK IT TONIGHT, Have some tea maybe hot water and lemon and get those voices ready for tonight!!!! Bostons Best Karaoke 10:00pm at the boat!!!, Happy Friday everyone! Come out to the boat and have your "one drink" here!  Matty & Jill on the bar till 2 am, Drink Beer here the beer at your gym is warm!, Wednesday at The Jeanie Johnston normally means Trivia night but due to the fact that those pesky Habs are coming to the garden tonight, means all focus will be on Bruins v Canadians at 7 pm.So come on down to the boat for a Bruins victory., Bruins are about to start!  Get down to the boat and watch the game with Cheryl!, Mom may not approve of Sunday drinking, but Matty does! Come drink away your Sunday blues at the boat, Get down to jj's tonight
Game on now !! Go bruins
Live rock star karaoke 
Boston's best, Happy Friday everyone! Matty & Jill on the bar till 2 am!  Live music tonight!, come down to boat 7:30 go B's, Trivia @9pm with Siren Trivia!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  Prizes and Smiles., BRUINS!!!!! 7pm! Jill is slingin drinks all night!!, What's the Jeanie Johnston Pub & Grill soup of the day? Jameson., Really Tom?
#TomBrady, Why does the Jeanie Johnston Pub & Grill offer over 35 bottled or canned beers and ciders?

Because you've made enough sober decisions this week., null, null, Boston's Best karaoke
Live Be a rock star !!
Tonight till 2 am
Jeanie Johnston, Bruins on at 12:30 today 
Get down to the 
Jeanie johnston pub, Dr Matty on the bar till 7 pm!  I've got the medicine for your thirsty Thursday hangover, Jeanie is rock en... go Bruins
Over time !! Hockey !!!, 25 cent Wings !!!
Party is starting !, Need We Say More?, Bruins Game Tonight 7:30 pm
New Shot/Drink Menu, We're gonna have a donnybrook…

don·ny·brook • (dänēˌbro͝ok) • noun • a scene of uproar and disorder; a heated argument.

#OldTimeHockey #MontrealCanadiens #BostonBruins #Rivalry, Carl The Caddy..., First Shot Across The Bow… Let The Rivalry Begin…
#BostonBruins, Song and Dance Party tonight.  Come sing your heart out at Karaoke 10pm!, Na Na Na Na…
Na Na Na Na…
Hey Hey Hey…
Goodbye…
#RedWings, Bruins vs. Wings 3:00 PM.  The Boat is your port in this Bruin Storm., Happy Friday everyone!  Come start your epic weekend with us!, Bruins vs Detroit tonight at 8 pm!, Game III Hero: Tuukka Rask
Game IV Hero: ___________
Any Guesses?, Bruins vs Detroit tonight at 8 pm!  Matty & Kevin on the bar!, null, null, Go Go BLACK AND GOLD!  Get down here and cheers with fellow B;s fans! sound is on and all tvs are strictly Bs!, GO B'S COME DOWN TO THE JJ TO CHEER THE B'S TO VICTORY, Puttin' On The Foil Tonight… Go Bruins!, The Jeanie Johnston Pub… Making You Famous!, Just A Reminder… We Open At 6:00 pm today - sorry no hockey... Happy Easter Everyone, the Jeanie will open at 6:30 tonight see u there, null, Rock en at the Jeanie Johnston, null, Karaoke Tonight 10:00 pm - 2:00 am - with special guest Tom Stevens our house photographer making you famous... #Karaoke #JamaicaPlain, Thanks to all our pals that came & made us proud! Time for your fifteen minutes of fame. Let The Tagging Begin!, Go Bruins, Game one !!!
Come on down !!
Starts at 7:30
Go B's, Bruins vs Detroit! Game 1 Friday night @ 7:30 Matty and Jill on the bar all night!, GAME ON!, null, Can You Do Better? #Karaoke, Way Cool!, NPR - All Things Considered Story On Our Namesake..., null, Jeanie is jamming, Party tonight karaoke 9 pm to 2 am
Get your Boston idol on !
See you there !!!!, What's the Jeanie Johnston Pub & Grill soup of the day?

Jameson., Our Namesake!!!, Happy St Paddy ' s day weekend!  Start your weekend off right by hitting up the boat!  Matty& Jill on the bar till 2 am., null, Jj is Rock and rolling tonight, Karaoke tonight! With special guest Tom Stevens (our New Year's Eve Photographer) taking shots making you famous!!!

Stop In • New Drafts • Kitchen Open Late • Open Till 2

#karaoke #jamaicaplain #JP, Thanks to all our pals that came & made us proud! Time for your fifteen minutes of fame. Let The Tagging Begin!, Woo Hoo We Made It To 800 Likes! Thanks to all are Likers..., DAY 3 at Sochi and I can't think of a better place to watch the Olympics than at the Jeanie's. Come on down to boat! Cheryl is behind the bar till 1am. We got cold brews and hot foods. (no noodz), Super Bowl time everybody,unfortunately no Pat's but still should be a good game,we have 50 cent wing's and great beer selection,also have some t-shirts to give away.Kitchen open all day.Matty and Domo slinging drink;s,so play ball, It's freezing out, but the boat is nice and warm. Come down and have one of our great craft beers Matty on the bar till 1am, Jeanie with a full party house tonight !!!!, Happy Friday everyone! Get down to the J J we have a beer pong tournament going on. A great selection of beers on tap or in the bottle. Matty and Jill on the bar till 2 am, Come down and drown your sorrows with one of our great craft beers Matty on the bar till 2 am, Ok everybody Patriots v broncos at 3pm 50 cent wings all day,Domo and his son Kevin on the bar,kitchen open all day!, null, Come nurse that football hangover today with more football and booze! Today at 1pm San Francisco at Carolina, 50 cent wings (get em in before the season is over and the special ends), plenty of good beers, made-to-order bloody marys- Cheryl slinging till 7, Matty "party time" McSweeny till close., Obviously Belichick Has Weaponized Weather! Come In & Watch The Game With Us, Then Sing, "We Are The Champions" - Karaoke After The Game! #PatsFan #Karaoke #JamaicaPlain, null, PATS TONIGHT KAROAKE STARTS AFTER THE PATS GAME THE SOUND WILL BE ON TO HEAR THE GAME .50 CENT WINGS DURING THE GAME KAROAKE STARTS AFTER THE GAME, TONIGHT! BCS national championship @830pm. 50 cent wings., null, The Jeanie Johnston | New Year's Eve 2014 Video, Thanks to all our pals that celebrated the new year with us!!! :-), Happy New Year's Eve! Come to The Jeanie Johnston Pub tonight! Skip the expensive downtown prices and hang out with your favorite locals! Just a $10 cover with a champagne toast, DJ, and karaoke!! Jillian and Domo will be serving you some of the best craft beers and cocktails around! Be safe and have a wonderful 2014 <3 - Jeanie Staff, null, Karaoke tonight 
Working door with special guest 
Stop in  open till 2 am 
New drafts
Kitchen open late, Rock out with karaoke  till 2 am, Come avoid all the traffic at the Jeanie and watch the snowfall with a nice hot toddy! There's some free credits in the games waiting for you, great tunes playing, and most importantly HEAT!! Jill is tending bar., karaoke tonight at 10 come in and enjoy the snow at the boat, Sunday funday at the JJ! Bruins hockey and Sunday night football on tv. 50 cent wings, great new craft beers, and Matty on the bar till 1am, Happy Friday everyone! Come on down to the Jeanie Johnston tonight! Great new craft beers, great music playing and great people!Matty and Jill on the bar till 2am!, Jeanie is rocking it tonight with
Two b day parties and karaoke!
Open till 2 am, null, null, null, null, null, jeanie johnston will be open till 2 am tonight triva 8:30 to 10:30 get here early open tommorow at 6:30 pm, Oh! And don't forget that we have a Toys for Tots drop off up here!, Get in the boat! TONIGHT! Patriots @8:25pm. 50 cent wings! NEW craft beers! Fancy drinks specials! Cheryl on bar till 1am., Sunday night fun at the boat!! Great football game on all of our big tv's, great new craft beers, 50 cent wings all night! Matty on the bar till 1am, Sunday funday at the JJ! Try one of our great new craft beers, and watch the game on one of our 6 tv's! Matty on the bar till 2am, 7:00 PM Toronto at Bruins at TD Garden - Boston - MA, Happy Friday night!! Come down to the JJ and try one of our great new craft beers! Tons of sports on our 6 tv's. Matty and Jill on the bar till 2am!, null, 7:00 PM Florida at Bruins at TD Garden - Boston - MA, null, null, 7:00 PM Dallas at Bruins at TD Garden - Boston - MA, null, Sunday funday @the boat! Colts vs the Texans, great new craft beers. Matty on the bar till 1am, null, WEEK 9: Pittsburgh at Patriots at 4:25 PM, 7:00 PM Bruins at Ny Islanders at Nassau Coliseum - Uniondale - NY, Happy Friday everyone! Come down to the Jeanie Johnston and try one of our great new craft beers! Matty & Jill on the bar till 2am!!, null, 7:00 PM Anaheim at Bruins at TD Garden - Boston - MA, Thursday at The Jeanie Johnston Pub,means poker school,unfortunately no more Sox games as we are the world champs,but we do have a football game on at 8pm Cincy at Miami,we also have 50 cent wings during the game,and lot's of new beers to be sampled.Dominic Casey and Maxi slinging the drinks.The big bad Bruins v Anaheim from the garden at 7pm, null, null, RED SOX ON ALL TV'S SOUND ON BLAST DRINK AND SHOT SPECIALS PARTY ALL NIGHT AT JJ DOMO AND KEVIN BEHIND THE BAR AND HANK AS YOUR SPECIAL WAITRESS , 8:00 PM Bruins at Pittsburgh at CONSOL Energy Center - Pittsburgh -
 PA, null, WORLD SERIES TONIGHT NO TRIVA TV BLARING AND US CHEERING FOR THE RED SOX TO BRING HOME THE CUP LOL COME DOWN TO THE BOAT AND CHEER WITH US PLACE SHOULD BE PACKED SO GET HER EARLY FOR GOOD SEATS , null, No trivia tomorrow redsox game get there early to get your seat's for the big game special shots, null, Sunday funday at the JJ!:Sox are on all of our big tv's. 50 cent wings all night and a great new beer selection. Matty is on the bar till 1am, null, WEEK 8: Miami at Patriots at 1:00 PM, Join us Saturday night. It is our 9th Annual Scareoke Costume Party! Prizes for Best Costume along with out Best of Boston Kareoke. Come and show off your costume and sing for us. 9 PM - 2AM.﻿
.......................................
Like, Comment, Share
’, null, JEANIE'S ANNUAL SCARY-OKE PARTY IS TONIGHT!!!!!! Come for the Sox tonight at 8, and then stay on the be the first to sing us the Monster Mash. (We've been patiently waiting for this night all year long.) We have SPECIAL DRINKS, COSTUMES, PRIZES, and snackies until 1am. This is seriously the BEST night to go to Jeanie's. So ditch out on that crappy party you feel obliged to attend... or better yet- BRING THE PARTY WITH YOU!!!!, 7:00 PM New Jersey at Bruins at TD Garden - Boston - MA, null, null, Join us Saturday night. It is our 9th Annual Scareoke Costume Party! Prizes for Best Costume along with out Best of Boston Kareoke. Come and show off your costume and sing for us. 9 PM - 2AM.﻿
.......................................
Like, Comment, Share
’, null, Join us Saturday night. It is our 9th Annual Scareoke Costume Party! Prizes for Best Costume along with out Best of Boston Kareoke. Come and show off your costume and sing for us. 9 PM - 2AM.﻿
.......................................
Like, Comment, Share
’, null, Happy Friday! Come on down to the Jeanie Johnston and try one of our great new craft beers!! Matty& Jill on the bar, and we are open till 2am, null, Join us Saturday night. It is our 9th Annual Scareoke Costume Party! Prizes for Best Costume along with out Best of Boston Kareoke. Come and show off your costume and sing for us. 9 PM - 2AM.﻿
.......................................
Like, Comment, Share
’, null, Join us Saturday night. It is our 9th Annual Scareoke Costume Party! Prizes for Best Costume along with out Best of Boston Kareoke. Come and show off your costume and sing for us. 9 PM - 2AM.﻿
.......................................
Like, Comment, Share
’, null, 7:00 PM San Jose at Bruins at TD Garden - Boston - MA, null, null, null, null, Join us Saturday night. It is our 9th Annual Scareoke Costume Party! Prizes for Best Costume along with out Best of Boston Kareoke. Come and show off your costume and sing for us. 9 PM - 2AM.﻿
.......................................
Like, Comment, Share
’, null, Join us Saturday night. It is our 9th Annual Scareoke Costume Party! Prizes for Best Costume along with out Best of Boston Kareoke. Come and show off your costume and sing for us. 9 PM - 2AM.﻿
.......................................
Like, Comment, Share
’, null, null, 8:00 PM Bruins at Buffalo at First Niagara Center - Buffalo - NY, null, null, null, Join us Saturday night. It is our 9th Annual Scareoke Costume Party! Prizes for Best Costume along with out Best of Boston Kareoke. Come and show off your costume and sing for us. 9 PM - 2AM.﻿
.......................................
Like, Comment, Share
’, null, null, Join us Saturday night. It is our 9th Annual Scareoke Costume Party! Prizes for Best Costume along with out Best of Boston Kareoke. Come and show off your costume and sing for us. 9 PM - 2AM.﻿
.......................................
Like, Comment, Share
’, null, null, null, Come down and watch the Sox and try our amazing beer selection! Open till 2am., WEEK 6: New Oleans at Patriots at 4:25 PM, null, 2:00 PM Bruins at Columbus at Nationwide Arena - Columbus - OH, Hey!! It's Friday night, I see a bunch of people "liking" the Jeanie Johnston on Facebook, and that is great, but for fuck sake get off the computer and come have a beer!, null, 7:00 PM Colorado at Bruins at TD Garden - Boston - MA, null, null, null, null, WEEK 5: Patriots at Cincinnati at 1:00 PM, null, 7:00 PM Detroit at Bruins at TD Garden - Boston - MA, null, Thurs at the Boat is poker night,hosted by mr wonderful Mike Campbell,kitchen open all day,50 cent wings during foootball game,lot s of new beers to check out.Dominic casey,and mad max on the bar, 7:00 PM Tampa Bay at Bruins at TD Garden - Boston - MA, null, null, null, null, WEEK 4: Patriots at Atlanta at 8:30 PM, Red Sox at Orioles 01:35 PM, null, Red Sox at Orioles 07:05 PM, 9 PM Winnipeg at Bruins at Credit Union Centre - Saskatoon, Red Sox at Orioles 07:05 PM, null, 7:00 PM Bruins at Winnipeg at MTS Centre - Winnipeg, null, Red Sox at Rockies 08:40 PM, null, Red Sox at Rockies 08:40 PM, null, null, WEEK 3: Tamba Bay at Patriots at 1:00 PM, Blue Jays at Red Sox 01:35 PM, null, Blue Jays at Red Sox 07:10 PM, Blue Jays at Red Sox 07:10 PM, null, null, Orioles at Red Sox 07:10 PM, null, null, Orioles at Red Sox 07:10 PM, null, null, null, Get Down to the boat! Grwat new beers on Draft, great musix and Matty and Jill on the bar! Sox vs Yankees on tv!, WEEK 2: New York Jets at Patriots at 8:25 PM, Red Sox at Rays 07:10 PM, Thurs at the Jeanie,FIrst home game for Pat s v Jet s,50 cent wings,new beer s on tap,also poker night hosted by Mr wonderful Mike Campbell,kitchen open all night,Dominic Casey and mad Max on the bar, null, Red Sox at Rays 07:10 PM, Well its holy sunday at the Jeanie,kitchen s open all day,Domiinic on in the am and Matty in the pm.Sox on at 2pm,good day for drinking, null, Rays at Red Sox 07:10 PM, Rays at Red Sox 07:10 PM, Rays at Red Sox 07:10 PM, Come on down to the JJ! Sox vs Yankees on tv cold beer & great pub food! Matty on the bar till 1am, Yankees at Red Sox 08:05 PM, null, Yankees at Red Sox 04:05 PM, Yankees at Red Sox 07:10 PM, Thursday at The Jeanie Johnston means poker school,Mr wonderful Mike Campbell will be your host,Dominic Casey and Cheryl Kelly on the bar,kitchen open all day,nice air conditioned atmosphere,great beer selection,let's get the weekend started early people, null, AL All-Stars at NL All-Stars 08:00 PM, Red Sox at Athletics 04:05 PM, Red Sox at Athletics 10:05 PM, null, Red Sox at Athletics 10:05 PM, Red Sox at Mariners 03:40 PM, Red Sox at Mariners 10:10 PM, null, Red Sox at Mariners 10:10 PM, Red Sox at Mariners 10:10 PM, Red Sox at Angels at TBD, Red Sox at Angels 10:05 PM, null, Come down to the JJ cold beer and AC Matty on the bar till 2am, Red Sox at Angels 10:05 PM, Padres at Red Sox 01:35 PM, null, Padres at Red Sox 07:10 PM, Wednesday at the Jeanie Johnston means Siren Trivia,with Dominic Casey and Cheryl Kelly slinging cocktails,kitchen open all day,great beer selection,Nice and cool in here,Red Sox v Padres at 7pm, Padres at Red Sox 07:10 PM, Blue Jays at Red Sox 01:35 PM, null, Blue Jays at Red Sox 04:05 PM, Blue Jays at Red Sox 07:10 PM, Blue Jays at Red Sox 07:10 PM, null, Rockies at Red Sox 04:05 PM, Rockies at Red Sox 07:10 PM, The Stanley Cup: Blackhawks at Bruins 8 PM, Red Sox at Tigers 01:08 PM, null, The Stanley Cup: Bruins at Blackhawks 8 PM, Red Sox at Tigers 07:15 PM, Red Sox at Tigers 07:08 PM, Red Sox at Tigers 07:08 PM, null, The Stanley Cup: Blackhawks at Bruins 8 PM, Rays at Red Sox 07:10 PM, Rays at Red Sox 07:10 PM, Rays at Red Sox 01:05 PM, Game 4 come on down to the Jeanie Johnston pub ! Cheer on the Bruins to victory, Game starts at 8. :), The Stanley Cup: Blackhawks at Bruins 8 PM, null, .50 WINGS DURING GAME 3 VS. BLACKHAWK'S COME WATCH THE B'S WIN  THREE MORE  WIN'S TO BRING HOME THE CUP, Come on in to the boat tonight for the BRUINS game!!!! We have 6 televisions, deligthful bartenders, 50CENT WINGS, black and gold beer (and other drinks we could cleverly rename for the game), air conditioning, and a juke box primed and ready for the pregame and post game (not during game) dance party. Hope to see you all in here!, Red Sox at Orioles 01:35 PM, null, The Stanley Cup: Bruins at Blackhawks 8 PM, Red Sox at Orioles 04:05 PM, Red Sox at Orioles 07:05 PM, Red Sox at Orioles 07:05 PM, Canceled due to the Cup., Red Sox at Rays 07:10 PM, null, null, null, null, no triva tonight only B'S ON 6 TV'S volume on so loud to cheer our b's to a win come on down to the boat tonight , Red Sox at Rays 07:10 PM, Happy and holy Sunday to one and all,Red sox playing now,Game 2 of NBA finals at 8pm go San Antonio.can't wait for Bruins first game on wed,why can't it be wed now,anyway big party at the Jeanie Johnston to cheer on the Bruins.Kitchen open all day great beer selection,Domo here till 7pm, then Matty at 7pm, Angels at Red Sox 01:35 PM, null, Angels at Red Sox 07:15 PM, B'S VS BLACKHAWK'S TONIGHT AT 8, Angels at Red Sox POSTPONED., Rangers at Red Sox 07:10 PM, Thurs night at the Jeanie,unfortunately we have to wait till tomorrow night to celebrate the Bruins trip to  Lord Stanley,so tonight we have game 1 of the NBA final's if anybody gives a s--te at 9 pm,then we have Red Sox at 7pm and at 9pm we have LA V Chicago in game 4 of NHL West finals.Kitchen open all day,Dominic Casey and Matty on the bar,we also have our regular poker school going on hosted by Mr wonderful Michael Campbell,so let's do this, null, null, Playoffs: Pittsburgh Penguins at Bruins, Rangers at Red Sox 07:10 PM, Rangers at Red Sox 07:10 PM, null, null, Happy Sunday everyone!!! Come on down to the JJ!! Sox vs Yankees @ 8. MULTI playoff hockey on as well. Matty on the bar 7-1am. See you there!!, Red Sox at Yankees 08:00 PM, Karaoke after the game, Red Sox at Yankees 07:15 PM, JEANIE JOHNSTON WILL BE PLAYING THE WHOLE B'S GAME WITH SOUND THEN AFTER THE GAME KARAOKE WILL START SO COME DOWN TO THE JJ TO WATCH THE GAME THEN GET YOUR KARAOKE ON, Red Sox at Yankees 07:05 PM, null, Red Sox at Phillies 07:05 PM, Thursday at the Jeanie is poker school,kitchen open all day,great beer selection.Domo and Cheryl on the bar.We also have Sox v Phillies and game 5 Nba Miami v Indiana, null, null, Red Sox at Phillies 07:05 PM, Phillies at Red Sox 07:10 PM, null, Phillies at Red Sox 07:10 PM, null, Indians at Red Sox 01:35 PM, null, Playoffs: NY Rangers at Bruins, Indians at Red Sox 01:35 PM, Enjoy your weekend., Indians at Red Sox 07:10 PM, null, Playoffs: Bruins at NY Rangers, null, Red Sox at White Sox 08:10 PM, Playoff hockey bruins vs rangers starts @ 7:30. Matty on the bar!!! Come on down!!!!, Playoffs: Bruins at NY Rangers, null, Red Sox at White Sox 08:10 PM, null, Bruins on in ten minutes!!! Get down here!!, Playoffs: NY Rangers at Bruins, Sunday funday at the boat!! Sox on at 2pm Bruins on at 3pm Matty on the bar all day & Kiki on the bar tonight!!, Red Sox at Twins 02:10 PM, null, Red Sox at Twins 07:10 PM, Red Sox at Twins 08:10 PM, null, Red Sox at Rays 07:10 PM, Playoffs: NY Rangers at Bruins, null, null, Red Sox at Rays 07:10 PM, Red Sox at Rays 07:10 PM, null, Playoffs: Maples Leafs at Bruins, null, Playoffs: Bruins at Maple Leafs, Blue Jays at Red Sox 01:35 PM, null, null, Blue Jays at Red Sox 01:35 PM, Blue Jays at Red Sox 07:10 PM, Playoffs: Maples Leafs at Bruins, null, Twins at Red Sox 07:10 PM, Thursday at The Jeanie Johnston means poker school,getting more busy so get here early and grab your seat,kitchen open all day,lot of beers on draught,Dominic casey and Cheryl Kelly on the bar.Red Sox v Twins at 7pm,we also have Ny Islanders v Pitt in game 5 of the hockey playoff's, null, null, Twins at Red Sox 07:10 PM, Playoffs: Bruins at Maple Leafs, null, Twins at Red Sox 07:10 PM, null, Twins at Red Sox 07:10 PM, Playoffs: Bruins at Maple Leafs, null, Red Sox at Rangers 03:05 PM, null, Red Sox at Rangers 08:05 PM, Playoffs: Maples Leafs at Bruins, null, Celtics vs. New York 7 p.m., null, null, Red Sox at Blue Jays 07:07 PM, null, null, Red Sox at Blue Jays 07:07 PM, Playoffs Maples Leafs at Bruins, null, null, Red Sox at Blue Jays 07:07 PM, null, null, null, null, Game at 7 PM, Bruins vs. Ottawa, null, Head on over and get a good seat. Come and sing for us. See you there..., Astros at Red Sox 07:10 PM, Thirsty Thursday @ the Jeanie!! Sox on @ 6:30 bruins on @ 7:30 Matty & Domo on the bar all night. Great food drinks & people. Come on down, Sunday funday at the Jeanie! Bruins are on at 12:30 Red Sox double header. Great food,drinks & people!! JP's best bloody Mary is ready to cure your hangover! Matty on the bar during the day & Kiki on all night!!, jeanie johnston pub will open tonight at 6 pm, Sunday funday!!! Come down to the boat! Great food,beers,drinks,& great people! Sox are on at 1pm! Matty on the bar all day & Kiki rocking the bar all night, It's finally Friday!! Come down to the JJ  great food,great drinks & great people! $3.00 pumpkin heads sox on at 7pm Matty on the bar today & Dmitri & Kiki on 7pm till 2am, The NY Islanders and the Bruins. 
Come in and watch the B's with us... , null, Dont forget we have bruins v jersey at 7 pm and Sox v yanks also at 7, Thursday night at the Jeanie means poker school,kitchen open all day,great beer selection,Dominic and Cheryl slinging drinks, jeanie opens at 5:oo pm tonight, jeanie will open at 5:00 tonight kiki behind the bar happy easter, Toronto @ Boston Bruins 7pm. , Sunday funday at the JJ!! March madness on all day, great food& beer selection! JP's best bloody mary! Matty on the bar all day & Kiki on the bar all night!!, Happy Saturday everyone!! Come on down to the JJ!! March madness on our beautiful tv's all day, $3 pumpkin heads, great beer & food selection. Bruins start at 7pm & Boston's best  karaoke starts at 10pm. Matty on the bar all day & Domo & Cheryl on all night!, null, Sláinte., Is it Saturday already? 
Rest up songbirds.
See you tonight., Happy st.Paddy's weekend! Bruins on at 1pm great food & beer selection $3 pumpkinhead special! Boston's best karaoke starts at 10pm., null, Come on down check out our new Trivia format. , Game time: 7:30 pm
Boston Bruins (17-3)
Pittsburgh Penguins (18-8), Game time; 730 pm

Boston Bruins (16-3) at
Ottawa Senators (13-8), Sunday funday @ the JJ!! Celtics are on @ 1:30,NHL hockey & Red Sox preseason baseball on as well!! Great food & beer selection & JP's best bloody Mary! Matty on the bar all day & Kiki on the bar all night! Come on down!, You make our Karaoke 
the best Karaoke., Happy Saturday everyone! Come on down to the JJ! Great food & beer selection, bruins on @ 1pm karaoke starts @ 10pm! Matty  on the bar all day & Cheryl & Domo on the bar tonight!!, Come sing for us!, null, Sunday funday @ the JJ!!! Hockey on all day. Great beers & food!! JP's best bloodymary's. Matty rocking the bar all day & Kiki rocking the bar all night! Come on down!, Sunday funday!!!! Don't let a little snow keep you inside!! Get down to the Jeanie for JP's best bloody Mary, great food & beer selection. The Bruins are on at 3pm Matty rocking the bar all day & Kiki rocking the bar all night!, Happy Saturday everyone!! Come on down to the Jeanie. Great beer selection, great food, & great bartenders!!, It's Sunday funday at the Jeanie!! Hockey on our great tv's all day,great food, beer & drink list!! Matty Slinging drinks all day & Kiki slinging drinks till 2am!! Tomorrow is a holiday so come on down & party!!, We are open all day till 1am serving great food & drinks to cure your cabin fever!! Matty on the bar all day & Kiki on the bar tonight., Hey everyone!! We are open till 2am!! Walk in down & drink away your cabin fever!! Matty & Cheryl Slinging drinks!!!, The bar is open & Matty will be Slinging drinks all day so come on down & enjoy your snow day funday!!, Thursday, the calm before the storm,ok everybody tonight's the night to have some fun,as usual we have the infamous poker school to go along with great food and drink Domo and Cheryl Kelly on the bar,kitchen open all day so let' s go people, Thursday at the Jeanie means poker school,come on down and try your luck.Kitchen open all day,great beer selection,Dominic,and Dimitri slinging cocktails, Don't forget guy's New year's eve at the Jeanie,we have dj Nickie doing a special karaoke night,a champagne toast at midnight to ring in the new year,Kiki and Domo slinging drinks,kitchen open all day,a $5 cover,so let's do this, Come down tomorrow night for the end of the world party!!!!
12/21/12 Matty and Dmitri behind the bar just like old times...must be the end!!!!!!, Come down tonight for some trivia and the meeting of friends from afar this Thanksgiving eve...We are open til 2 am and trivia starts at 8 this evening., Holy Sunday again at the Jeanie Johnston.Big game today for the Pats at 4pm v the Colts 50 cent wings to go along with our great beer selection,kitchen open all day,  Dominic Casey slinging the early Bloody Mary's with Kiki in the pm, null, Who doesn't love drinking in their pajamas?  Tonight at the JJ the first 25 people to show up in their pjs get a door prize, we have some great new drinks for the occasion including PANTY RAID, FRENCH TICKLER, and PILLOW FIGHT, and as always Dmitri and Kiki will be serving up drinks and bad jokes...don't let them party on their own!, We also have our first thursday night football game Chicago v Green Bay and if anybody is interested we have Red Sox v Yankees at 7 pm, Thursday night at the Jeanie means Poker school so come on down and play a hand.Kitchen open all day,great beer selection,one of our newest additions is Long Trail ale.Domo and Cheryl slinging cocktails see y all, null, null, null, null, Come keep me, Dmitri, company for the Fourth, Thursday at the Jeanie is poker school at 8 30 pm.Then we have NBA finals game 2 at 9 pm Okc v Miami we all know who we are shouting for there.Kitchen open all day Domo and Dimo slinging drinks, Thursday night at the Jeanie means Poker School at 8.30 pm.Red Sox v Tigers at 7 pm.Also we have San Antonio v Oklahoma City at 9 pm.Great beer selection,kitchen open all day.Domo and Dimo slinging drinks, Charity Stolarz

ATTENTION BOSTON FRIENDS!!! As some of you may know, I have started my own trivia company with a random Brit (Trivia Boston). My first game with our fresh new format is at The Jeanie Johnston Pub tonight, at 8:30pm. I could really use your support to kick off this new venture. So please please come down and play! Dmitri Valone will be serving you delicious drinks and beer as well judging a very special bonus round. I hope to see as many of you as possible tonight!!!, null, Don't forget thursday at the Jeanie we have first Bruin's playoff game at 7pm.Also 50 cent wings during game plus some new draught beer to sample.As usual we will be playing poker school,kitchen open all day.Domo and Dimo will be trying to watch the game, Domo's on the bar,two more ncaa games on today at 2.20 we have Baylor v Kentucky then at 5 pm we have North Carolina v Kansas we also have Celtics v Wizards at 6 pm and at 8 pm Bruins v ducks so come on down and grab a bite and a beer.Dimo is on in the pm, KIKI AND MATTY on the bar tonight - serving up tasty cocktails and talking trash...get some!, Busy sports night tonight Ncaa basketball coming from the garden starting at 7.15.Plus we have big bad Bruins at 10.30 v San Jose Sharks also we have Celtics v Bucks at 8pm,and we have some spring training action with Red Sox v Yankees at 7.30.As usual we have Poker Night at 9.30 pm.Kitchen open all day,great beer selection on tap,a nice cold one sounds right just about now.Domo and Kiki slinging the alcohol, Thursday night is poker night come on down for some cards and a beer.We have college basketball all day plus the Bruins v Buffalo at 7 pm.Kitchen open all day.Kiki and Domo slinging drinks, Sunday at the jeanie Celtics v knickerbockers at 12.30 and Bruins v rangers.We also have Lakers v Heat.Domo on in the am and Dimitri in the pm, Thursday night at the Jeanie is poker school night,so come on down and grab a bite to eat and a beer from our great selection on tap.Kitchen open all day.Domo and Jill on the bar.We have a couple of good basketball games on,at 7pm we have New York  at Miami,and Lakers at Oklahoma city at 9.30pm, Holy Sunday at the Jeanie ,all sinners are welcome.Kitchen open all day.Great draft selection.6 flat screens to watch all sports.Grab a Sam Adams and a burger for $10.50.Domo slinging the alcohol in the am,, Here we go again Thursday night at the Jeanie means poker night at 9.30.Kitchen open,great beer selection,Domo and Jill slinging drinks., Ok all you Patriot  fans,the big day is coming,so big party at the Jeanie,lot's of giveaway's ,and a chance to win a gas grill.As usual we will have 50 cent wings going during the game,and obviously lot's of Beer Domo and Dimitri slinging drinks so let's do this, Thursday night at the Jeanie means poker school so come on down,kitchen is open all day,great beer selection,$3 PBR'S Jill and Domo on the bar, http://jeaniejohnstonpub.com/content/event.html, new years eve karoke 10 to 2 come on down and bring in the new years with us 5 cover after 10 champane toast at mid night, Domo and Jill slinging drink's, Thursday night at the Jeanie is Poker school,so come on down for a few pint's and a game or two.We also have a football game Atlanta v Jacksonville at 8.30.Kitchen open all day $3 Pbr's and great beer selection, Here we go again,Pats v Redskins at 1pm,a win today with a Jets loss means champs in the east.50 cent wings on premise during games,kitchen open all day.Also Chicago v Denver at 4pm and Raiders v Green bay.Night game is Giants v Cowboys.Great beer selection.Domo slinging drinks in the am with dimo behind the stick in the pm, Holy Sunday at the Jeanie.Big game today for the Pat;s against the hapless Colts at 1 pm,could you imagine if we lost this one,holy s---e,anyway 50 cent wings during games.We also have the Giant's season  ending  at 4pm against the Packers and Detroit v Saints at 8pm.Father Domo preaching in the am followed by Deacon Dimitri in the pm.3 DOLLAR pbr's.kitchen open all day.So where are all the sinners?, Thursday night at the jeanie means poker school so come on down and learn some poker skill's.Also we have a big fooyball game going on,Eagles v Seahawk's at 8 pm and a couple of college basketball games going on.Kitchen open all day, get to the jj early tonight so u don't have to wait in line the jeanie will open at 6pm thanksgiving night the jeanie staff wishes everyone a happy and safe thanksgiving, Monday Night Football at the Jeanie. Patriots and Kansas City. Kiki slinging drinks. Come on down. 50 cent wings during the game., Holy Sunday at the Jeanie means Patriots v Giants at 4pm and 50 cent wings during games on premise.Kitchen open all day.Fr Domo preaching early mass with deacon Dimitri slinging drinks in the pm come on down, Thursday at the Jeanie is poker night,Domo and Jill on the bar.We also have a BC game v Florida at 8pm.Kitchen open all day great beer selection so come on down, scayoke sat night oct 29 drink specials jello shots prizes for best costumes come join us, Thursday at the Jeanie is poker night.Bruins v Toronto at 7pm.world series at 8pm, Thursday at the Jeanie is poker night.We also have first hockey game of the year World champs Boston Bruins v flyers at 7pm.Kitchen open all day also we have some Yankee action against Detriot.So come on down and grab a bite and a beer.Domo and Jill slinging drinks, Sunday at the Jeanie.Come down watch football all day with 50 cent wings during games.Pat's v Raiders at 4 pm.Domo in the daytime with Dimitri in the pm, Sunday at the Jeanie means 50 cent wings during football.Kitchen open all day.Pat;s v Bill's at 1pm.Sox v yanks at 1pm and 6pm.Domo and Mike on the bar, Thursday at the Jeanie is poker school,Domo and mike on the bar.kitchen open all day.GREAT BEER SELECTION, Super Sports Monday!  Sox vs Baltimore at 7:00, Cardinals vs. Phillies at 7:00, and Monday Night Football...Giants vs. Rams at 8:30 pm.  50 cent wings during Football!, Sunday at the Jeanie means football all day.Pat's v Chargers at 4pm.Jet's v Jag's at 1pm.50 cent wing's during games,great beer selection Domo on the bar in the am with Cheryl in the pm, Patriots season begins at 700 pm at the Jeanie Johnston....and its a doubleheader!!!...Broncos vs. Raiders at 10:00...50 cent wings during all NFL action., The NFL season begins tonight!  8:30 pm Saints vs. Packers....Sox vs. Jays in progress...their getting killed already, Sunday at the jeanie.Red sox on at 1.30.Domo on the bar in the am DIMITRI ON IN THE PM.kITCHEN OPEN ALL DAY., Thursday at the Jeanie.Tonight we have Red Sox v Rangers at 8pm.We also have a football game Washington at Baltimore at 8pm.Kitchen's open all day,great beer selection.As usual we have our poker night at 930,Domo's on the bar with Mike so come on down before Irene get's here, Muckball 2011 is coming!!!  Practices starting soon...all players please call the Jeanie and give Mike your email and cell number so we can get organized!!!!, Super Sports Monday!!! Sox vs. Rangers at 8:00pm...Monday Night Football...Giants vs. Bears...8:05...fitty cent wings during Football game, Thursday night is poker school,and yes we also have a preview of the new football champions THE NEW ENGLAND PATRIOTS v the jaguars at 8 pm.Kitchen open all night,great beer selection Domo and mike on the bar, Yankees vs. Sox...right now!!!! Followed by SHARK WEEK ADVENTURES!!! Siamese Fighting Fish raffle!!! SHARK WEEK coverage!!!! Special Shark drinks and shots!!!!, Questionnairey!!! Test how well you know stuff!!! 8:30 pm...Sox vs. Indians at 7:00 pm., Holy sunday at the Jeanie,kitchen open all day,great beer selection,Domo in the am and Mike in the pm.Red Sox v Mariners at 1 30, 65 degrees here at the Jeanie, free WI-FI, cheap cold beer, kitchen open....come in...relax...cool down...work...drink...enjoy yourself.  ...It's friggin HOT outside, Sunday at the Jeanie,World cup final USA V JAPAN at 2pm,GO USA.Sunday night baseball Sox v RAYS at 8pm.Kitchen open all day,great beer selection,air conditioned so let s go,Domo mixing it up in the afternoon with Dimitri in the pm, Thursdey night is poker night at the jeanie.Come on down and try your luck,grab a beer and burger.Domo and mike slinging drinks, Sunday bloody Sunday at the Jeanie,come on down and try one of our famous bloody mary's,Red Sox v Orioles at 130.Kitchen open all day,great beer selection.Domo in the am and Dimo in the pm, Thursday night at the Jeanie is poker night.Kitchen open all day,great beer selection Domo slinging drinks, Trivia tonight come on down and see if you are as smart as my friend Colin is....Dmitri behind the bar Miss C on the floor, Sunday at the Jeanie,kitchen open all day,come on down and grab one of our famous bloody Mary's,great beer selection,Domo on the bar in the am with Dimitri in the pm, Game 7 Game 7 Game 7 Game 7 Game 7 Game 7..............no trivia sound on all game Dmitri Behind the bar Miss C on the floor, Game 7 tomorrow night....no trivia....Game 7....no trivia....Game 7....no trivia...Dmitri behind the bar Miss C on the floor....Game 7, we have air....we have air....we have air...come on down tonight to the boat, Dmitri and Domo working the bar...did in mention we have air?, Ok...here we go again...we are doing trivia yes...but we will have sound for the game so its the best of both worlds; questions will be asked during commercial breaks and will start after the first period ends...so everyone come down and support the Bruins Dmitri behind the bar and Miss C on the floor, Sunday at the Jeanie means Domo on the bar,Red Sox v Oakland at 1.30,kitchen open all day,also game 3 of Nba finals heat v Mav's at 8 pm,great beer selection, Bruins @ 8 tonight, with karaoke to follow!  Mike and Domo on the bar, Thursday night at the Jeanie is Poker School,we also have Dallas V Miami in game 2 of nba finals at 9 pm.Kitchen open all day.Great beer selection,Domo and Mike on the bar, Ok...we are doing trivia yes...but we will have sound for the game so its the best of both worlds; questions will be asked during commercial breaks and will start after the first period ends...so everyone come down and support the Bruins Dmitri behind the bar and Miss C on the floor, Sunday at the Jeanie,today we have Red sox double header withBeckett v Verlander tonight,Kitchen open all day,great beer selection, Holy Sunday at the Jeanie,tonight we have Sox v Cubbies at 8 pm on Espn.Yanks v Mets at 1pm.Also western conference finals hockey at 3 pm Vancouver at San Jose at 3pm and finally at 8pm we have Bull's v Heat so action packed day.Kitchen open all day great beer selection.Domo on the bar in the am followed by Dimitri in the pm, Beckett vs Verlander in progress right now! Game 2, Thunder vs. Dallas at 9:0 pm!, Thursday night,Big Big game tonight Bruins v Tampa at 7.30 pm.Also we have poker night and kitchen open all day,plenty of cold beer flowing.Domo and Mike slinging drinks., Tuesday night at the Jeanie is guest bartender uncle Domo on the Bar.Tonight we have Sox v Blow Jays then Basketball we have Hawks v Bull's,also we have western conf game Detroit v San Jose,kitchen is open,beer is flowing so let's go, Big day of sports!  Sox/Twins at 1, Kentucky Derby at 4, and Celtics at 8!  Karaoke tonight starting at 10pm., Poker tonight,plus BRUINS V Montreal in game 1 at 7 pm.Kitchen open all day,Domo n Mike on the bar, Trivia tonight...bring a boat to the boat tonight and swim home after testing your knowledge to the trivial...Miss C on the Floor and Dmitri behind the bar, Darts Darts tonight come down Dmitri behind the bar......, Trivia tonight 8:30ish...come down and test how samrt (pun intended) you are. Dmitri behind the bar and Miss C on the floor, Darts tonight come down and support our team...Dmitri behind the bar, Trivia trivia trivia tonight...dmitri behind the bar and a mystery wait person....could be fun, Trivia tonight at 8:30...D behind the bar and Miss C on the floor, Back from the dead I am ready to serve a drink or two so come down and watch our dart team kick some ass or the Bruins do the same...Dmitri behind the bar, Come on down to the JJ Boat and celebrate my Birthday hang-over...Dmitri behind the bar, Thursday night is Poker night at the jeanie.Also come down and catch college basketball all day and night.The BRUINS take on the Sabres at 7pm Domo and Mike on the bar so let's go people, Trivia tonight with Dmitri behind the bar and Miss C on the floor.....thats all I got., The Boat...tonight we have both our Dart teams in combat with each other...the sparks will fly but if that's not your thing the Bruins take on the Habs-The sparks will most definitely Fly in this re-match (remember the last time they met) so if you have school or work tomorrow call in now and see you at the Boat tonight...Dmitri refereeing, http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kiCdntbwO5c, Trivia at the Boat tonight...Just think how much fun you will have showing off your education with a bit of trivia (its more fun then sitting and watching over student at study hall-for you H) Dmitri behind the bar and Miss C on the floor with a seemingly rare host Colleen testing your knowledge of the trivial...set sail around 8:30 tonight, Come on down to the Boat tonight and watch our dart team kick some ass or the Bruins kick some ass....just get your ass down here Dmitri behind the bar, Well its another snowy and crappy day for trivia...wait...no its not...get your A** to the boat for trivia tonight Miss C on the floor and Dmitri making the drinks...no excuses, ABCD night at the JJ (Boat) A: Atmosphere of fun friends and drinks B: Bruins C: Celtics D: Darts and Dmitri making your drinks.....Come on down, Trivia Trivia Trivia Trivia Trivia Dmitri Trivia Trivia Miss C on the floor Trivia Trivia Trivia Trivia Trivia Dmitri Trivia Trivia 8:30ish Trivia Trivia you got the idea, Simply Stated...Come Down To The JJ (Boat) Tonight...Dmitri Behind The Bar, So its the first Wed in forever no snow no parking restrictions in place etc...I don't know what to say; Wait! Yes I do...Get to the JJ (The Boat) tonight for trivia...Dmitri Behind the bar and Miss C on the floor...if you don't I will make 16 more weeks of winter, So its the first Wed in forever no snow no parking restrictions in place etc...I don't know what to say; Wait! Yes I do...Get to the JJ (The Boat) tonight for trivia...Dmitri Behind the bar and Miss C on the floor...if you don't I will make 16 more weeks of winter, Live Band. The Space Invaders invade the Jeanie! February 4th. 9pm., Hi...snow is done...trivia is on...that's all I got...Dmitri behind the bar Miss C on the floor...Come see us, So...here we are again another tue and more snow...embrace the fact we are entering another ice age and the best thing to do is drink and dream of warmth...Dmitri behind the bar come down and call in sick tomorrow, Trivia in the snow...you should be use to this by now so no excuses, i better see your faces in the jj tonight. Fact: when it is snowy and cold you are smarter! So I don't know if its true but lets find out...Dmitri behind the bar and Miss C on the floor, Ok Ok Another storm coming tomorrow...so I suggest you come down to the JJ tonight and beat the storm...just think you might be stuck at home tomorrow night and wished you came out tonight, so no regrets and come down tonight...Dmitri behind the bar and fun to be had by all, Sunday day at the Jeanie is football without our Pat's so come on down to see Green bay v Bears at 3 o clock then check out gang green v steelers at 6.30.As usual we will have 50 CENT WINGS DURING THE GAMES SO HURRY ON down and see DOMO ON THE BAR, Toys for Tots drive tonight, starting at 9pm! Please bring an unwrapped toy.  Karaoke starts at 10!, Hey everyone, Kevin here, bartending at the Jeanie Johnston til 7 and when Domo and Mike take over we're having our first band: SPACE INVADERS!!! Starts at 10pm, playing top 40 and all your favorites. No cover, come down and hang out!, : New website... , Darts and C tonight come on down, kareokee tonight fri at the jeanie johnston 9.30, Playoff baseball!!!! For all of you who don't wear pink hats and actually like sports, come down to the Jeanie and watch two awesome games....Yankees vs. Twins at 6:00 and Giants vs. Braves at 9:30 with two of Boston's hottest bartenders!, Monday madness at the jeanie 50 cent wings and 3 dollar pbr's for football, Thirsty Thursday again.Tonite is poker nite,come on down and check out Sox v Angels and dont forget Patriot's action at 8pm v Falcon's.Domo n Mike slinging drink's, Sox v yanks 8pm sunday come on down and see the wonder of it all.Pbr;s only 3.00 bucks.New menu big screen tv's, Holy Sunday again at the Jeanie Domo saying daytime mass Dimitri sermon starts at 7pm i hear he has something special planned god bless you all.Come on down and check out our new menu and watch the SOX V TIGERS, Another hot steamy thursday nite why not come down to the Jeanie for a sociable game of cards.Thurs is poker nite where u can drink PBR'S for 3.00 dollars in a nice air conditioned ambience.While ur at it check out our new item's on the menu.Six big screen TV'S ,FREE WI FI,Domo n Mike on the bar, Thursday nite at the Jeanie is poker nite.16oz Narragansett can only 3.50,PBR bottle only 3.00.Red SOX V TEXAS at 7.00pm come on down Domo and Mike slinging drink's, Monday madness at the Jeanie 50 cent wings Home Run Derby at 8 pm Domo slinging drinks, Come watch the Sox at 1 and Germany v. Uruguay at 2:30!  $3 PBRs and $3.50 16oz Narragansetts!, Come watch USA play Ghana in the first knockout round! 2pm! USA! USA! USA!, Big Friday for the World Cup- Spain fighting for its life against Chile and the Swiss trying to win their way in over Honduras at 2!, happy thursday at the Jeanie.Pokerschool tonite and Sox v rockies at 8.30 six flat screens come on down Domo and mike slinging drinks, More World Cup action - Cameroon v Denmark at 2!  Dodgers v Sox at 4! Come down to the Jeanie and check it out!, England v. Algeria at 2!  Manny's back in town tonight at 7! Come check it all out on the new TVs., Come watch the Celtics win number 18 tonight on our new flatscreen TVs with Boston's Hottest bartenders...See you tonight!, Well this might be it...the last game of the year for the CELTICS-Come on down to the Jeanie and watch them beat the lakers on our new TVs...just think how you will feel tomorrow if you miss the win...., Well this might be it...the last game of the year for the CELTICS-Come on down to the Jeanie and watch them beat the lakers on our new TVs...just think how you will feel tomorrow if you miss the win...., Holy sunday mass been said all day,Germany v Australia at 2 then big game tonite CELTICS V Fakers at 8 pm gooo Celtics.Also Sam adams beer and burger night for 10.50.COME ON DOWN 6 flat screens to watch everything., USA v ENGLAND today at 2!!!  Sox play the Phils at 4...all on new TVs., karaoke tonight at 10 pm come on down and visit jim and mike at the bar, Happy thursday,Celtics v Lakers 9pm,Sox v Indians 7 pm come on down check out our new tv's.Also thurs nite is poker school nite.Domo n Mike slinging drinks, Stanley Cup Finals tonight at 8...Trivia at 8:30....new TVs all day long.....Come join us for a mid-week play night, C's at 9 new TVs come on down, End Monday on a high note- Red Sox v Indians at 7 o'clock on brand new TVs and 10 cent wings!, Holy Sunday,come on down to the JEANIE check out the games on our new TV'S Grab a beer and a burger for only 10.50.watch the CELTICS v Lakers 8 o clock Domo saying mass in daytime DIMITRI SLINGING DRINKS AT NIGHT, Belmont Stakes all day today, karaoke tonight!, Blackhawks v. Flyers Game 4 tonight @ 8, karaoke @ 10.  Come check out the new TVs!, Come down tonight for Celtics v. Lakers Game 1! Watch the Cs beat up LA on 7 brand new big screen HD TVs!  Poker school tonight, too!, another thurs night at the Jeanie Johnston.Poker school to night ,and Sox v Royals ,Lakers v Sun's Domo  n Mike slinging drink's come on down, Come down tonight for triva and watch the Celtics kick ass!!!!!!, likes I will live my life my way, thank you very much., null, Soxx n yankees at 7 pm 50 cent wings and lakers v Suns Domo slinging drinks, come down and watch the c's beat up on the caves tonight, Domo saying mass at the jeanie today.Come on down for our burger and beer special all day,only $10.50.Celtic's at 1pm and Sox at 1.35pm, Marathon monday almost over,come on down to watch the Bruins skin some buffalo and enjoy our  50 cent wings and 3 dollar PBR'S during the game ,Domo slinging drinks,let's do this, Thursday nite again at the Jeanie is poker school nite and don't forget Bruins v Sabers at 7 pm plus rest of hockey playoff's.Kitchen open till 10 pm,great beer selection come on down, Monday night at the jeanie come on down to see championship game and enjoy some 50 cent wings Domo on the bar, Thurs night again ,Poker school come on down check out our menu have some fun and good beer, come on down tonight to the jeanie johnston pub .tonight sing karaoke 10pm also 10 to 12 three olives promotion drink and product giveways.fun for everyone come and be a j.p. idol, Mon nite at the J spot celtics v utah at 9 pm kitchen open till 10 pm PBR' S ONLY 3 BUCKS, St. Pats Party all day at the JJpopen at noon with food specials after 2...Corned Beef plate $8.95...Irish Banges and mashed pot with gravy $7.95...Sweat Potato Fries $4.95 Open til 2 am Come down and be Irish with us......., KARAOKE FRIDAY AND SATURDAY STARTING THIS FRIDAY, MARCH 12th, helllooo everybody ,game nite tonite at the jeanie,Bruins v Maple leaf's at 7 pm come on down  and sample our new app's Domo and mike on the bar, iT'S a lovely Thursday come on down for game night Domo n Mike slinging drinks n nice fresh food.No 1 team in the world CELTICS V no 2 team lakers, Monday nite Beanpot final and no 1 kansas v Texas kitchen open till 10 o clock come on down, Tuesday Boozeday and the start of a new Dart Season tonight at the JJ...Dmitri wll be your bartender come on down.........................., Trivia tonight....come down and kill your brain cells....dmitri will be your bartender and mel you waitress...starts at 8:30, Sunday Funday Night at the JJ...come down tonight for some football and friends. Dmitri will be your bartender......., Come down to the Jeanie Johnston tonight, our very own Christine will be on What Not To Wear from 9-10pm! Come have some drinks with a TV star!, Patriots Playoff football at 100 pm sharp.   Come to the Jeanie for 25 cent wings and fun with Mike, Boston's Hottest bartender ALL DAY FUN!, come down for trivia tonight starting at 8:30...dmitri and mel will be your bartender and waitress...test your smarts before you lose them tomorrow night, Jeanie is pumpin,come on down to your Xmas headquarters!, tonight at the jj...trivia at 830 x-mas eve open at 3 Christmas night open 6 til 2 am come down escape the family or bring em......happy holidays, the jeanie johnston pub will be open christmas eve and christmas night so come on down, Toys for Tots drive this Sat Night...bring an unwrapped toy and sing karaoke or make the firemen sing a song via the boot drive-9 pm til 2 am, trivia tonight-colleen will host starting at 8:30-dmitri will be your bartender...come down for smart fun. Bruins vs Lightning at 7pm, Dart night at the JJ, come down and cheer on your home team...dmitri is your bartender and the celtics take on the bobcats at 7, Dont forget Bigggg Game monday night PATRIOTS V SAINTS .25 cent wings during game.Get a free shot when patriots score ,the famous Jeanie banana hammock shot.Domo's slinging drinks come on down, the jeanie johnston will be open at 6.30 pm tommorow thanksgiving night so after the family leaves come have a drink we will be open thanksgiving night......., Thanksgiving eve at the JJ- one of the best nights we offer...come down for early trivia with Charity @ 8 and enjoy the holiday, friends, and drinks til 2 am. Mike and Dmitri will be your bartenders and Cheryl your waitress............................., A note for Wed night...Trivia starts at 8 and we are open till 2am...come early and enjoy through the late night, Come down tonight and enjoy a drink before the craziness of the holiday sets in...dmitri will your bartender tonight, poker school night, plus football Miami v Carolina,Domo and Mike slinging drinks come on down oh Bruins also playing against Thrashers, Trivia tonight at 8:30-dmitri is back from denver ready to make you a great drink-come down for smart fun and good people, 25 cent wings come watch the game domo's on the bar, congrats to all the yankee fans you deserved it this year wait till next year red sox nation is back, null, welcomes you.)