List(Tuesday's Special is an Atomic Wedgie Salad!!  A wedge of iceberg lettuce, bacon, spicy chicken, avocado, caramelized onion, tomato, and a bleu cheese caesar dressing.  Come relive middle school and get an Atomic Wedgie!!, COQ AU VIN TODAY!, Wednesday, the WORLD premiere of a new special.  Introducing the GODZILLA!  A white wrap with fried rice, teriyaki chicken, napa cabbage slaw and bacooonnnn!, Tomorrow, come try Jesse's World Famous Spaghetti and Tiny Meatballs on a Garlic Bread Sub Roll with Fresh Mozzarella and a side of swirled greens salad!!!  Don't miss it!, https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVJzibVS2YM, https://www.facebook.com/TheOnion/posts/10153881097869497, And now... Ladies and Gentlemen ... for your viewing pleasure... May we present a musical interpretation of the crew at Squeaky Beaker during a typical lunch rush:  http://youtu.be/xpcUxwpOQ_A, http://youtu.be/B-OFXUaMIv8, Hello everyone!  We would like to wish you all an awesome Thanksgiving.  We hope everyone gets a chance to enjoy their families and have a safe holiday.  We'll see you bright eyed and very bushy tailed on Monday!, Got a second? Keep us in the loop, and let us know how we're doing., The 400-fan mark is in our rear-view mirror! Thanks for all of your help getting there., FREE ICE CREAM TODAY. 1pm!  Oreo and coffee oreo and black razzz, You went out to eat because:

A. The fridge is empty.
B. It's your birthday!
C. It's been a long day, okay??
D. Just too lazy to cook anything!  ¯\_(ツ)_/¯, "This is good and everything, but I thought we were going to Squeaky Beaker...", 'Like' this post if you prefer Twitter, or 'Share' it if you prefer Facebook. Either way, follow us on Twitter @SqueakBeakCafe!

http://twitter.com/SqueakBeakCafe, Have a spooky (and safe!) Halloween, folks! What's everybody's costume this year?, We've heard a lot of good things about the "See Food Diet.", We're bringing tasty back., We've put together a helpful list of reasons why you shouldn't go out to eat today., Mondays., That moment when you realize you really need to go out to eat more., Today's mac and cheese special!!!, It was great to see Tracy B. on Yelp! Thanks for taking the time to write such a fantastic review! http://yelp.com/biz/ZAbzeSRK_D_9KIq_fji-ZQ#hrid:EmQj5KcGRlnWg0WtYoxY7Q, Trying to decide whether to cook for yourself today? Let us help you figure it out., We're so glad you "Like" us! Tell us why, and we may publish it on our feed!, http://www.movoto.com/blog/opinions/leaving-massachusetts/, Whoever invented huge, delicious sandwiches...we'd like to shake their hand., Let's settle this once and for all! Texting, tweeting, Facebooking from the table: Yay or nay?, You 'like' us on Facebook, but you'll love us on Twitter. Follow us @SqueakBeakCafe:

http://twitter.com/SqueakBeakCafe, If you HAD to choose: Appetizer or dessert?, Yes, National Coffee Day is a thing, and yes, it's today. Do we really need to say anything else?, The first step is admitting to yourself: "I need some potatoes right now.", True or false: Now that fall's here, it's time for pumpkin spice EVERYTHING., Puff pastry for our pot pie special!, null, null, We want to know: Are you a regular, or is a meal here a special occasion?, Do you use Yelp? We absolutely depend on it! http://yelp.com/biz/ZAbzeSRK_D_9KIq_fji-ZQ, That face you make when it's time to order but you still haven't made up your mind..., We love hearing your input. Let us know your feedback by responding here!, Today, our thoughts are with those affected by the events of September 11th, 2001., Have a safe and happy day off, everybody!, Everybody spends Labor Day differently -- what are your plans for the long weekend? 
A) Road trip!! 
B) Netflix. Just Netflix. 
C) Long weekend? What long weekend? 
D) ___________, FACEBOOK POLL TIME: Do you usually come to us for breakfast, lunch...or BOTH?, We're only 10 short of 400 fans! Can we get there? Spread the word!, Want to make sure you're keeping up with us? Prioritize us in your newsfeed and you'll never miss a post! Here's how:, You should eat one of these. Not this one, though. Somebody already ate this one., Never understood why so many people hate the crust. Crust is the best. (photo via trixiewaasdorp on Instagram), It was great to see David B. on Yelp! Thanks for taking the time to write such a fantastic review! http://yelp.com/biz/ZAbzeSRK_D_9KIq_fji-ZQ#hrid:8toQTIi_49R9-vdbOKvoVA, "Not going to the Squeaky Beaker Cafe enough" doesn't have to be one of them., It's important to know when to give up and let somebody else do the cooking., True or true: It's been WAY too long since the last time you were here?, Wish you could retweet one of our posts? Well, you can! Follow us on Twitter:

http://twitter.com/SqueakBeakCafe, The Rachel: Great sandwich? Or GREATEST sandwich?, A simple, but tough, question: Ice water with lemon or without?, FACT: Beds are just time machines to breakfast., And then wash it, and then bring it to our place and eat something with it. Good advice, Yogi!, Have you checked out our Yelp page yet? We'd love for you to visit us there! http://yelp.com/biz/ZAbzeSRK_D_9KIq_fji-ZQ, Eat this, it'll make you feel better!, If you had to permanently eliminate either breakfast or lunch from your life, which would you choose? (Choose carefully!), We love hearing your input. Let us know your feedback by responding here!, When the whole squad knows they ordered the best thing on the menu:, We always want to see what people are ordering -- send us your photos of your favorite menu item and we'll use the best ones on our page!, Are you in the Twitterverse? Follow us @SqueakBeakCafe:

http://twitter.com/SqueakBeakCafe, Help us settle a debate. What's more satisfying: The FIRST bite, or the LAST bite?, This is what a delicious roast beef sandwich looks like., Free advice: If you are eating Cheetos and you want to be incognito, use chopsticks, Happy Fourth, everybody -- stay safe out there, and enjoy your independence!, This three-day weekend, you're: 
A. Throwing a party! 
B. Going to somebody else's party! 
C. Doing NOTHING BUT RELAXING! 
D. _______, Jess L., thanks for letting us know what you think! Check out the great review: http://yelp.com/biz/ZAbzeSRK_D_9KIq_fji-ZQ#hrid:_c-1rJvUGehqCIHQxMAn0Q, Lucky for you, WE'RE the pros of making food., No matter what the question is, the answer is always "Breakfast.", For all the dads and the dads-to-be out there..., What's better: Sleeping in an extra hour or getting up early EVERY DAY so you can come get breakfast with us?, Are you a person of few words? Tweet us instead @SqueakBeakCafe:

http://twitter.com/SqueakBeakCafe, Four yelling cartoon men from the 1890s can't be wrong!, Here is where you should be right now., Always believe in yourself., You're stranded on a deserted island. Our kitchen staff is also there. What's the first thing you make them cook for you?, In honor of National Hamburger Day, help us settle the debate that has raged for hundreds of years: Is a hamburger a sandwich or not?, Got a second? Keep us in the loop, and let us know how we're doing., This Memorial Day, take a moment with us to remember those who served, and those who still serve today., These sandwiches go up to 11., Agree or disagree? "No matter what I order, I'm always a little jealous of the plate next to me.", You 'like' us on Facebook, but you'll love us on Twitter. Follow us @SqueakBeakCafe:

http://twitter.com/SqueakBeakCafe, "My final piece of advice for the Class of 2015 is: Eat at Squeaky Beaker Cafe more.", It's time to find out what you people think of mayonnaise (white gold). Do you love it or hate it?, Happy Mother's Day to all the great moms out there -- we couldn't have gotten this far without your help!, Would you rather only be able to sit at tables or at booths for the rest of your life?, treeeeeeessss, Give a man a fish and he'll eat for a day. Give a man our menu and he'll eat here forever., Fill in the blank: Breakfast is just NOT complete without _______., What would you say about us in 10 words or less?, Here's the scene: You've just ordered your all-time favorite thing on our menu. Here's our question: What are you drinking to go with it?, We're always posting photos -- now it's your turn! Share the best pic you've ever taken here!, Anthony's on the register today! Come say hi and order an extremely complicated lunch ;)), Did you know? We're on Twitter, too! Tweet us:

http://twitter.com/SqueakBeakCafe, Hypothetical sandwich-eating contest: How many do you think you could put away in one sitting?, True or false: You're planning on using your WHOLE TAX REFUND at the Squeaky Beaker!!, SQUEAKY BEAKER FACT: The best days to eat here are the weekdays whose names end in Y., This is the kind of sandwich that makes people happy., We don't fool around!, The special today is crazy good. Just sayin, You already know what our specialties are -- when you're doing the cooking, what are yours? (Feel free to brag.), Leaving feedback for us is easy-just respond here! We'd love to hear from you., True or false: You are officially tired of cooking this week., Time to get creative, foodies -- if we named a dish after you, what would be in it?, You 'like' us on Facebook, but you'll love us on Twitter. Follow us @SqueakBeakCafe:

http://twitter.com/SqueakBeakCafe, For today's edition of Flashback Friday, we wanna know: Who was the person who first introduced you to us?, Lucky because you live in the same city as us, probably. Merry St. Patrick's Day, everybody!, Poll time! Who would you rather split a meal with?

A. Bill Murray
B. Jennifer Lawrence
C. Bradley Cooper
D. Kanye
E. Nobody, just feed me!, If delicious breakfasts and lunch is wrong, WE DON'T WANT TO BE RIGHT., null, True or False: I always order something different from everybody else at my table., Fact: 9 out of 10 people love a good sandwich. 

The 10th guy just hasn't had one of ours yet., We're so glad you "Like" us! Tell us why, and we may publish it on our feed!, Inquiring minds wanna know -- what's one thing (or more!) that we do better than anybody else?, May all your bacon-y dreams come true today., Did you know? We're on Twitter, too! Tweet us:

http://twitter.com/SqueakBeakCafe, The Phone Stacking Game! Think you'd stand a chance?, True or false: You'd eat here EVERY SINGLE DAY if you could!, There's only one word to describe our fans. Thanks for all the love, folks!, Words of wisdom: When life gives you lemons, give them back and ask for a sandwich instead., A great sandwich is like duct tape. It fixes everything., We're so glad you "Like" us! Tell us why, and we may publish it on our feed!, World champions!! What was the best part of last night's game??, Hey! You guys all know that we cater, right? We cater! Call us for the details!, Momenta, are you open Wednesday?, You're at our place with someone who's never been here before -- what's the one thing you make sure they try before leaving?, Don't miss a beat — or a tweet! Follow us:

http://twitter.com/SqueakBeakCafe, Good thing a picture's worth a thousand words, because our mouths are full of sandwiches., Home Fry Friday coming tomorrow!  Every Friday we will be offering home fries on our breakfast menu.  Come get some tasty taters tomorrow!, Be honest: how often do you usually skip breakfast? 

A. Every day
B. One or two times a week
C. I NEVER skip breakfast!
D. _______, Let's just get right down to it: What's the absolute best thing on our menu?, What's your go-to hot drink on a cold morning? 
A. Coffee!
B. Tea! 
C. Cocoa!
D. I don't like hot drinks!, Always a good sign. (via Yelp), So, how long does everyone think their New Year's Resolution will last this year? 

A. A week 
B. A month 
C. The whole year! 
D. Didn't even make one!
E. _______, Welcome, 2015! Here's hoping everyone's New Year is a happy one., 2014's winding down, so let's take a look back -- what was the best thing that happened to you this year?, Are you in the Twitterverse? Follow us @SqueakBeakCafe:

http://twitter.com/SqueakBeakCafe, Near or far, your support is the best gift we could ask for. Here's hoping you have a safe and happy holiday!, Enough with the cookies! What would you leave Santa from our menu??, Bite off exactly as much as you can chew., Be honest: Could you be friends with somebody who doesn't like breakfast? 

A. No. 
B. There is no B!, Challenge: Describe your perfect meal at our place in 5 words or less., If you were bringing a friend here for the first time, what's the one thing you'd make sure they ordered?, Got a second? Keep us in the loop, and let us know how we're doing., Tired of leftovers? Come see us instead!, Bagel quiz! Why do they have that hole in the middle?, 'Like' this post if you prefer Twitter, or 'Share' it if you prefer Facebook. Either way, follow us on Twitter @SqueakBeakCafe!

http://twitter.com/SqueakBeakCafe, Anybody get anything good at the Black Friday sales today? (We're here for you if you need a place to recover.), Today, we're thankful for a lot of things, but our Facebook family is at the top of the list., Bagel quiz! Where were bagels first invented? (No cheating!)

A. New York City
B. Germany
C. Poland
D. Greece, Doesn't that just look good enough to eat??, Coffee quiz! How many Americans drink at least one cup of coffee every day?
A. 32%
B. 54%
C. 68%
D. 89%, Cooking not your strong suit? We've got you covered., If you had just 30 seconds to recommend us to a friend, what would you say?, Are you ready for a sandwich quiz?? How many sandwiches does the average American eat every year? 

A. 125
B. 155
C. 190
D. 250, Fill in the blank: I refuse to leave the Squeaky Beaker without getting the _______., What are you doing for Halloween? Are you going to dress as Beaker, like we know you want to??, Here's something you should put in your face! (Mouth, not nose), Please stare at this sandwich for a while. (via arangela on Instagram), The debate has raged on for millions of years. Help us settle it: When it comes to scrambled eggs, ketchup or no ketchup?, We heard somebody around here wanted a photo of a delicious sandwich. You got it!, We'd be happy to listen., Got a second? Keep us in the loop, and let us know how we're doing., Rock may beat scissors, but coffee beats EVERYTHING., Say hello to my little sandwich!, 'Like' this post if you prefer Twitter, or 'Share' it if you prefer Facebook. Either way, follow us on Twitter @SqueakBeakCafe!

http://twitter.com/SqueakBeakCafe, Say you're heading to our place for a bite to eat. Which of your Facebook friends would you most want to bring with you? Tag 'em in the comments!, Thanks for the amazing testimonial on our Facebook page, Adrienne! 

 "I got the Cuban, it was yummy.", Agree or disagree: "I stare at the menu for 15 minutes, but always end up ordering the same thing every time.", Friday plan of action. Step one: get lunch at Squeaky Beaker Cafe. Step two: THERE IS NO STEP TWO., Get yourself happy., You can stop scrolling now. We've got what you've been looking for. (via Marianna K. on Yelp), Sound familiar?, Got a second? Keep us in the loop, and let us know how we're doing., For this edition of Flashback Friday, tell us: how did you first find out about us?, On this day, our thoughts and prayers go out to the families, friends, and neighbors of those affected by the events of September 11th., Follower poll! What's the one dish on our menu that you'd recreate at home every single day if you could?, Follow us on Twitter! We love talking to our fans, and we want to hear what you think on Twitter, too:

http://twitter.com/SqueakBeakCafe, Moral of the story? Eat what you like! No regrets!, Wishing everyone out there a very happy and safe Labor Day! How are you spending the long weekend?, It should be illegal to visit Squeaky Beaker without trying _______., Warning: Continuing to follow us on Facebook may lead to uncontrollable hunger and/or drooling. Proceed with caution., Admit it. You'd use the Domotoaster., Everything is going to be okay., Currently (and always) accepting testimonials! If you have a minute, please let us know how we're doing!, Breakfast poll! When it comes to eggs, are you more into scrambled or sunny-side up?, Step one to a better Monday! (via @bdBscene on Twitter), Follow us on Twitter! We love talking to our fans, and we want to hear what you think on Twitter, too:

http://twitter.com/SqueakBeakCafe, Truer words were never spoken., Deep thought: If we're not supposed to have midnight snacks, how come there's a light in every fridge?, Happy August, everybody! Is it just us, or is summer going by WAY too fast?, Cream cheese? Jelly? Something else altogether? Tell us: What's the one topping you always have to put on your bagel?, Friends don't let friends get hangry., Have a second? We'd love to know how we're doing. Please respond with your feedback!, How much coffee do you need to dive into the week?, You don't want to let Yoda down, do you?, Until then, you'll just have to keep coming here., Are you in the Twitterverse? Follow us @SqueakBeakCafe:

http://twitter.com/SqueakBeakCafe, Poll time! Would you rather: Eat just one kind of sandwich every day for the rest of your life OR never be able to eat the same one twice?, Beaker, seen here contemplating our dizzying array of amazing sandwiches, salads and soups. Truly a sight to behold., Thanks for tweeting the amazing testimonial, @ikeif! http://twitter.com/ikeif/status/466566853847154688, Happy 4th of July, everybody! How are you celebrating America's 238th birthday?, Deep thoughts: If you weigh 90 pounds, and you eat 10 pounds of sandwiches, does that make you 10% sandwiches?, Poll time: What is the most important part of an awesome sandwich?, Are you a Yelper? Find us there!, When you go out to eat, do you prefer to get your favorite thing every time, or do you like to mix things up sometimes?, What would you say about us in 10 words or less?, It's officially the first day of summer! Anybody have any big summer plans?, Throwback Thursday! What was your favorite food growing up?, Don't miss a beat — or a tweet! Follow us:

http://twitter.com/SqueakBeakCafe, For all the dads and dads-to-be out there..., I scream, you scream, we all scream for coffee., If this is true, just call us Da Vinci., The best time to eat a sandwich is _______., Thanks, Nicholas Kranz, for the 5-star review! We love hearing from you:, 1, 2, 3..., Here's to hoping your day is filled with love, life, & the pursuit of coffee! Happy Memorial Day!, All you need is love. But a little salad now and then doesn't hurt either., You love coffee. We love you. It's a win-win!, 'Like' this post if you prefer Twitter, or 'Share' it if you prefer Facebook. Either way, follow us on Twitter @SqueakBeakCafe!

http://twitter.com/SqueakBeakCafe, Who! Who! Who's making the coffee? We are., Our sandwiches are phe-nom-nom-nom-inal!, Sweet sweet simple syrup!  At long last starting this very Tuesday we will have ICED COFFEE!!!!  Vanilla syrup, ice cubes, cream, aaaahhhhh!, We're got everything you need for the perfect picnic., We love hearing from you! Check us out on Yelp:, Wake up. Coffee. Hustle., Have a second? We'd love to know how we're doing. Please respond with your feedback!, Summer is coming!, Sorry our food is so good. (Just kidding. We made it that way on purpose.), Happy Earth Day! Coffee makes the world go round., Are you in the Twitterverse? Follow us @SqueakBeakCafe:

http://twitter.com/SqueakBeakCafe, Trending now: our coffee., Know someone who's hangry? We can help., Trust us, we understand., We're simply too hungry to ponder this now., It's the best way to start the day!, Ah, the sound of silence., Gotta love some old school rhymes from Sir Sips-A-Lot., I scream, you scream, we all scream for ice cream! Stop by for a delicious cone of your favorite flavor (no screaming required) at Moo Moo's across from The Beaker!, Follow us on Twitter! We love talking to our fans, and we want to hear what you think on Twitter, too:

http://twitter.com/SqueakBeakCafe, It's time we made it Facebook official!, Did Tracy say REESE's??!!, Moo Mooooooo!!  Next to the skating rink!  We're open today and Friday!, Moo Moo's is open today at 12:30!, Heaven is a place on earth., Feedback is important to us - please pay us a visit on Yelp:, www.facebook.com/moomoo
froyo
, Moo Moo's Frozen Yogurt and Ice Cream is open today until. 8:30!  Get a chocolate and vanilla twist froyo cone!, Whether you're dressed like eggs or eating ours, we wish you a wonderful weekend!, Moo Moo's Frozen Yogurt and Ice Cream is open today!!!  Next to the skating rink..., A man after our own heart!, Let's get this par-tea started!, We were so happy to read @BoomJohnS's complimentary tweet. Hope you'll share your thoughts here, too! http://twitter.com/BoomJohnS/status/420259740124344320, Sushi, Beaker style, They're celebrating Fat Tuesday down in New Orleans, but it's always a Fat Tuesday with one of our delicious sandwiches!, We love hearing your input. Let us know your feedback by responding here!, No need to compromise, a meal with us will make all your friends happy!, Which bite do you get most excited about -- the first, last, or everything in between?, Don't miss a beat — or a tweet! Follow us:, We hold this truth to be self-evident:, We love hearing from you! Check us out on Yelp:, We're training hard for the Olympics — they just haven't made coffee drinking an official sport yet., You're the cream to our coffee! Thanks for the support., Come check out our mini fridge!  Stocked with our catering quinoa salad with avocado and feta and our chicken salad, tuna, and fruit salad in addition to our double secret toasted orzo pasta.  Take some back to the office for snacking!, In case of emergency: eat here!, We might not be serving Olympic ring pancakes, but breakfast with us is always one of champions!, Got 99 problems, but a 'wich ain't one!, Currently (and always) accepting testimonials! If you have a minute, please let us know how we're doing!, Let's have a debate: fork or spork?, Any time is a good time for bacon!, cheeze balls sold!!, Did you know? We're on Twitter, too! Tweet us:, That feeling when you wake up too late to make coffee., Do you have a favorite coffee date? Make sure to tag them below!, what?!, It was great to see Jessie Z. on Yelp! Thanks for taking the time to write such a fantastic review!, If your friends don't get you one of our sandwiches, you may want to look into getting new friends., Craving more flavor? Look no further., Sink your teeth into one of these!, Have a second? We'd love to know how we're doing. Please respond with your feedback!, Dear Awesome Squeaky Beaker Customers,  
Today is our one year anniversary!  Thank you to everyone for all of your kindness, support, understanding, and of course patronage.  We couldn't be part of the neighborhood without all of you. 

With love and appreciation,
Anthony, Health, wealth, and tasty treats — bring it on 2014!, New years resolution: eat more sandwiches!, Did you know? We're on Twitter, too! Tweet us:, Great food, loving family, fond memories — we wish you and your family a safe and special holiday., Thanks to Brendan Hill for singing our praises on Google+!, Another schedule change to our hours!  Today only, we need to close at 3pm.  We apologize for the inconvenience!  Soon holiday hours madness will be over!, Just some advanced warning, we will be closed the week of Christmas, starting this coming Monday.  We will reopen on Monday the 30th!  Come visit us before we go!, You get out of bed, we'll handle the rest., It's Monday morning. We've got fresh-brewed coffee. Let's do this., Would you say anything for a cup of our delicious coffee?, There are times to 'meep' and times not to 'meep.', The doctor said we need to start eating more delicious sandwiches. Also, we're now calling ourselves "the doctor.", Happy Turkey Day! We give thanks for good food, our great customers, and ridiculous dog costumes., Think big — eat local! Support your favorite neighborhood spot this weekend for Small Business Saturday., When is comes to our sammies, we don't mess around!, Bachelor fridge getting you down? When you eat with us, the odds of a delicious meal are always in your favor!, What Anthony eats after two hours of sleep!   Breakfast pizza!, Are you in the Twitterverse? Follow us @SqueakBeakCafe:, Bacon: this pup is doing it right., Lamb Pita Burger with Avocado ranch dressing!, Squeaky Portabello Burger!, A late lunch with us needs no excuse!, Is there anything lego can't do?
http://www.digitaljournal.com/article/361907, It's Burger Week at the Beaker!  Tuesday is our Cheeseburger, Wednesday a Portobello Veggie Burger, and Thursday a Lamb Burger Pita Wrap!  Come visit us for some burger time action!, Looking for a nutritious and delicious lunch? We've got you covered!, When it comes to coffee, we don't mess around., Thanks to Jason N. for singing our praises on Yelp!, null, Bacon makes everything better, including poetry., null, :), Whether you're dressed like a sandwich, or eating one of ours, we wish you a safe and spooky Halloween., BOO!, Be an adventurous eater! Which of our sandwiches have you always wanted to try, but haven't gotten around to?, Leaving feedback for us is easy-just respond here! We'd love to hear from you., Are you a person of few words? Tweet us instead @SqueakBeakCafe:, See our breakfast how you wanna see it. It's the most convenient definition of delicious., Hey fans - we reached our goal of 300! Couldn't have done it without you!, Monday PSA: make sure to have your coffee before you encounter a 'morning person.', Big "thank you" goes out to Jessie Z. for the shining Yelp review! Check it out!, Any room is a panic room if there's no coffee in it!, ERMAGERD!!  Mentioned in a New Yorker story!  We're famous!!, Breaking Bad might have ended, but Beaking Bad is just beginning. When it comes to tasty eats, we're the ones who knock!, Pizza Pines, Hamburger Hickories, Omelette Oaks — If you could genetically engineer a tree to grow any food, what would you choose?, Don't eat meat? Herbivores are welcome with us, no hummus required!, It's no myth, we serve the best lunches in Kendall Square!, We want to talk to you on Twitter, too! Follow us:, Pork Carnitas is ridiculously good!  Come visit us -free Mexican salsa music with every order ;), Keep calm and Beaker on!, This week, let us brew the coffee!, The Pork for Chef Juan's Carnitas tacos is brining.  Looks amazing., Tomorrow's special is the Philly Crunch and Friday we will be serving a very awesome special - Our Mexican Chef, Chef Juan will be making his Carnitas Tacos.  Details to come!, Free lunch for Christopher Walken anytime., We're so excited about our new beaker system for cold brewed iced coffee! It's going to taste delicious — stay tuned for updates!, Tomorrow is hangover cure lunch!  Grilled Cheese with Bacon and Cream of Tomato Soup... :), We hope the only 'labor' you have to do this holiday weekend is lifting some delicious food into your mouth!, We will be closing at 3pm tomorrow, Friday, and we hope you have an amazing and relaxing Labor Day weekend!, All week!  Ice cream sandwiches!, null, Friday treat - we will be selling mini homemade ice cream sandwiches on Friday!, Thursday's Special:  Italian Style Mac and Cheese with Grilled Chicken and Spinach - served with our Mixed Greens Salad.  This version of mac and cheese is a cross between and alfredo sauce and a more traditional mac and cheese - it is most excellent!, Wednesday's Special:  Sweet Italian Sausage Sub with Peppers, Onions and Mushrooms, Did you know? You can now write Yelp reviews right from your smartphone! Feel free to let us know how we're doing!, Follow us on Twitter! We love talking to our fans, and we want to hear what you think on Twitter, too:, null, We love to cook. You love to eat. That's the kind of relationship where everybody wins., Don't suffer from a case of the Mondays! Stop by for a warm cup of coffee with us!, Check out this great review from Justin N.:, Vegetables: they're like a dance party for your body!, Black, cream, sugar, puppy — how do you take your coffee?, Dwight is right — stop by and treat yourself to a delicious lunch!, Pulled Chicken Burrito Thursday!  Come check out Juan's amazing guacamole!

www.squeakybeaker.com, We've been overrun by Beaker storm troopers! Come rescue us and may the force be with you!, Ain't no party like a Beaker party, cause a Beaker party don't stop!, Don't be stressed! Come take the edge off with one of our delicious brownies!, ODE TO JOY!!

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xpcUxwpOQ_A, Thanks, Danica! "Their breakfast and lunch sandwiches couldn't be more delicious!" Tell us how we're doing on Yelp!, It's gonna be a scorcher! Lucky for you, we're offering $1 off our ice cream all day — don't melt on your way over!, Don't let fast food burgers taunt you! Come in for a nutritious and delicious lunch with us!, You already know that we make the tastiest sandwiches in Cambridge, but did you know that we're on Twitter? Follow us for updates!, Anyone know where we can find a giant pencil sharpener?, null, Dear dear friends,  
Today, Friday, July 12th, we made a mistake in our process distributing soup.  If you received the wrong soup today, please stop by and grab a free soup and chips or drink.  We sincerely (!) apologize for our mistake., Pulled Chicken Burrito on Friday!  Burrito Friday!  Friday, burrito!  Furrito Briday!  Check our website for a full description: www.squeakybeaker.com, It's perfect mac and cheese weather!, Tomorrow's special is mac and cheese with broccoli and grilled ham :D, Shrimp Po' Boy Today!  Lightly fried shrimp with greens, red onion, and our homemade paprika aioli on a toasted sub roll!, Momenta, our super cool neighbors upstairs, rockin out!, http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hUBIkgtgU3s, We hope everyone had a most excellent holiday!  We will be reopening tomorrow for breakfast at 7:30.  Be sure to stop by during lunch and wish Anthony a happy birthday!, Anthony's Hand Made Chicken for the Chicken Parm Sandwich, ICE CREAM TIME!!!, It's Father's Day!  Paint your dad a picture of a butterfly!, null, I know we have been facebook delinquent, but we would like to express our complete appreciation for all of our awesome, loyal, and patient customers.  In return, here is yesterdays triple decker rainbow!, Tomorrow is cheeseburger Wednesday!  Try an awesome cheeseburger with Anthony's famous shoestring onion rings on top!, Seriously, get the lasagna., Lasagna Bolognese tonight!!!, OMG Coffee Oreo and Burnt Sugar Ice Cream.  HOMAHGOSH!, Two things today: 
1) It's Jason's birthday!  Wish him a happy birthday!
2) We are closing today at 4pm for the Holiday Weekend.  We will re-open on Tuesday!, Columbian HotDog!, null, We apologize, we unexpectedly ran out of our Chicken Pot Pie dinner special :(, http://m.now.msn.com/pearl-cantrell-105-says-bacon-is-key-to-long-life, null, Crabfest tomorrow!  Our awesome Crabby Patty sandwich tomorrow and crabcakes for dinner!, Hi everyone... just trying to get the word out that our hours are changing slightly - We will be closing at 7pm effective this week.  We will still be serving our whole menu, and dinner specials until 7.  To make up for this we will made a fun video at the cafe...

Go to http://www.yelp.com/biz/the-squeaky-beaker-cambridge

And click on the video!  Beaker makes an appearance!, New flavors... coffee oreo... and mint chocolate chip...  drool., Tuesday we are serving up an awesome lamb burger!  Come check it out, We are closed today.  Please stay safe and stay home!, Seriously good eats Thursday.  Awesome pulled chicken burrito for lunch and Coq Au Vin over Mashed Potatoes for dinner!, GAME ON!  Come visit us for some ice cream and listen to the Sox on the radio!, Special Highlights for next week:
Monday: Sweet Italian Sausage Sub with peppers and onions to celebrate the Sox home opener
Monday night: Vegetarian Chili returns
Tuesday: Penne alla Vodka ;)
Wednesday: Old School Turkey Club with Boursin for lunch
Thursday: Chicken Burritos for lunch and Coq Au Vin for dinner
Friday: Mac and Cheese for lunch!, http://youtu.be/40Kv293-SbM, Pulled Pork Festival!  Come try our pulled pork sandwich for lunch!, Ingredients List:  Greek Salad Dressing:  Fresh squeezed lemon juice, extra virgin olive oil, mint, garlic, salt and pepper., Lamb Kofte Wednesday night - they are super delicious little lamb meatballs - a middle eastern specialty.  Served with Greek Salad., Next weeks' dinner highlights:

Monday: Chicken Pot Pie and a Gluten Free Lasagna
Tuesday: Crabcakes (back by popular demand)
Wednesday: Lamb Kofte (Middle Eastern Meatball) over a bed of lentils
Thursday: Pulled Pork Dinner and Polenta Cakes with Grilled Vegetables
Friday: Pork Tenderloin with Steak Fries

Come visit us and take a night off from cooking or struggling to decide what to make for dinner!, Easter is coming apparently, Chicken Marsala, Veggie Chili fest tomorrow - also Chicken Marsala for dinner!, Crabcake Sandwich tomorrow for lunch...!
and...
drumroll...
Our now WORLD famous Broccoli Cheddar Soup!, Dinner highlights this week:
Tuesday: Crabcakes or Short ribs
Wednesday: Chicken Tikka Masala or Eggplant Parm
Thursday: Bacony Meatloaf or Pasta Alfredo
Friday: Buffalo Tenders all night looooong, Monday's Dinner Specials

Roulade of Pork Loin with Goat Cheese and Spinach with Steak Fries
Penne Pasta Primavera with Greek Salad, null, If we get 1,000,000 likes all the food will be free for a week at Squeaky Beaker Cafe., Thursday's Dinner Specials
Mediterranean Marinated Steak Tips over Rice Pilaf with Caesar Salad
and
Southern Style Mac and Cheese with Peas and Bacon, null, Which are you?, Dinner Special Highlights:
Monday: Veggie Chili and Chicken Pot Pie
Tuesday: Short Ribs and Eggplant Rollotini
Wednesday: Roast Chicken with Roasted Red Bliss Taters
Thursday: Steak Tips and Dirty Mac and Cheese
Friday: Buffalo Tender Time!, null, Closing today at 4pm - grill is turning off at 3pm due to snowballs, Critical info: You can order half of any sandwich - half of a breakfast sandwich, half of a meatball sub, half of anything!, get the lamb. trust me., Big Party at Third Square Apartments!  Next Wednesday!, Share share share!  Be randomly selected for a free sandwich by sharing something that will make a friend smile., Salmon Cakes and Pulled Pork for Lunch and making more for dinner as well as a vegetarian mac and cheese with broccolini and sun dried tomatoes!  Survive the snowballs!, SBC Facebook page has decided to post everything in the third person.  Squeaky Beaker Cafe facebook page thinks this is a good idea., Wednesday:  Pulled Pork!!  Pulled Pork Sandwich!!  Pulled Pork Sandwich with Melted Cheddar!!, Tuesday night din-din: Short Ribs of course, and an Eggplant Lasagna with thin slices of grilled eggplant in place of pasta - zero carbs!, chicken marsala tonight baby!, This weeks dinner menu:
Monday: Vegetarian Chili with Cornbread and Salad and Chicken Marsala over Egg Noodles
Tuesday: Guinness Braised Short Ribs, and Gluten Free Eggplant Lasagna (no carbs!) with Salad
Wednesday: Pulled Pork Sandwich, and Salmon Cakes with Homemade Tartar Sauce
Thursday: Mac and Cheese with Sun Dried Tomatoes and Broccolini (Vegetarian finally!) and Lamb Stew de Provence over Polenta
Friday: Boneless Buffalo Chicken Tenders with Salad and a surprise for our other dinner special..., We are unleashing our pulled pork sandwich this week... more info to follow!, Share silliness with the world.  Of all the people who share this photo we will pick one to get a free sandwich!, Friday's Lunch Special

"The Jason" Sandwich - Grilled Corned Beef, Lots of Melted Swiss, Russian Dressing and Boursin - 9

Friday's Dinner Specials

Shrimp Scampi over Penne Pasta with Caesar Salad - 12.95

Boneless Buffalo Chicken Tenders with Blue Cheese Sauce and Salad - 12.95

Soups:

Lentil (Vegan, Gluten Free)
Tomato Rice (Vegetarian, Gluten Free)
Hungarian Corn Chowder, We have received your petition with over 10,0000,000 signatures on it.  The egg salad is back for lunch!, Wednesday's Lunch Special

Crabcakes with Horseradish Aioli over Greens Salad - 12.95

Wednesday's Dinner Specials

Lamb Curry over Jasmine Rice - 11.95

Baked Penne with Fresh Mozzarella and Baby Spinach and Caesar Salad - 12.95

Soups:

Spicy Red Kidney Bean (Vegan, Gluten Free)
Split Pea and Ham (Gluten Free, Lactose Free)
Chicken Noodle (Lactose Free), ALERT...ALERT...
Progress on the gluten-free bread has been made.
Instructions to follow late next week.
Please do not panic or engage hysterical excitement yet.
END ALERT...END ALERT..., Tuesday's Lunch Special

Crabcakes with Horseradish Aioli over Greens Salad - 12.95

Tuesday's Dinner Specials

Guinness Braised Short Ribs over Mashed Potatoes and Grilled Asparagus - 15.95

Caramelized Onion and Goat Cheese Quiche with Greens Salad - 11.95, veggies that will go into the crabcakes :), Monday night: Crabcakes!
Tuesday night: Short Ribs
Wednesday night: Lamb Curry
Thursday night: Mac and Cheese
Friday night: Shrimp Scampi!, Anthony's breakfast: Grilled Toast, Fried Mac and Cheese Patty, over easy egg and bacon.  Sweet mother..., Boneless Buffalo Tender dinner special tonight!, Anthony's Mac and Cheese returns for it's regular Thursday night dinner dance party.  For those looking for something different we have a lovely ratatouille over jasmine rice., Eggplant Parmesan with Caesar Salad tomorrow and of course our guinness short ribs!, We will be closing at 3pm today.  Sorry for any inconvenience., If you live in the Watermark building in Kendall Square, I'll see you from 6-8pm in the Club Room giving out lots of free food!!, Check out our coupon in the Boston Phoenix!, mac and cheese, Secretly, there's diced asparagus in the Vegetable Curry dinner special Wednesday night... sshhhhh, You know you can stay in and eat dinner with us if you like, it's Dinner-To-Go-To-Stay, Bacon wrapped meatloaf tonight.  It's wrapped in bacon.  Bacon.  Ba.  B. Bacon., We are introducing five weekly items that will be offered the same day of the week each day!

Every Monday: Vegetarian Chili with Homemade Corn Bread and Salad

Every Tuesday: Braised Short Ribs with Mashed Potatoes and Asparagus

Every Wednesday: Vegetarian Curry over Jasmine Rice with Greens Salad

Every Thursday: Anthony's Mac and Cheese with Grilled Chicken and Spinach

Every Friday: Hand Fried Buffalo Chicken Tenders!, Monday's Lunch Special

Croque Monsieur - Grilled and Pressed Ham and Swiss with Mayo and Mustard - 8

Monday's Dinner Specials

Veggie Chili with Corn Bread and Salad  - 13.95

Bacon Wrapped Meatloaf with Gravy and Homestyle Mashed Potatoes and Roasted Carrots - 15.95

Soups:

Minestrone (Vegetarian, Gluten Free, Lactose Free)
Italian Wedding Soup with Tiny Meatballs!
Vegetable and Rice (Vegan, Gluten Free), We're open till 2!, We're crazy, but we're open for breakfast and lunch tomorrow.  Snowball fight?, Short Ribs again tonight by popular demand.  Only a small batch, come early!, Once upon a time there was a delicious short rib.  It lived for hours and hours in a swirling world of guinness beer, onions, garlic, herbs and then sat upon a throne of mashed potatoes, waiting to be devoured by the hard working masses of Kendall square..., Tomorrow, Guinness Braised Short Ribs for dinner.  Eat it!, Coq Au Vin! Come aaaaannnddd get it!!, This week's dinner menu - to help plan your week!:
Monday: Coq Au Vin over Mashed Potatoes with Grilled Zucchini and Vegetarian Stuffed Bell Peppers With Rice Pilaf

Tuesday: Risotto Cakes with a Light Cream Sauce and Grilled Vegetables

Wednesday: Braised Short Ribs with Mashed Taters and Asparagus, also a Pesto Pasta with Feta and Tomatoes with a Caesar Salad

Thursday: Braised Short Ribs with Mashed and Asparagus and Pasta Alfredo with Roasted Red Peppers and Greens Salad

Friday: Hand made Boneless Buffalo Tenders with Salad - these are the best buffalo tenders you've ever had.  I promise., Tomorrow for dinner, Anthony is making his Penne Pasta Alfredo with Sun dried tomatoes and grilled chicken (also available vegetarian).  Come visit us for dinner starting at 4pm every day!, Check out the website for tomorrow's food adventures, including our famous egg salad for lunch tomorrow and the return of the chicken pot pie with buttermilk biscuits!, Did you know we offer our whole menu until 7pm?

Come get a toasty Italian or Hot Meatball Grinder for dinner or try one of our dinner specials., By the way... YELP us!  
http://www.yelp.com/biz/the-squeaky-beaker-cambridge#query:squeaky%20beaker%20cafe, Oh dear me, more website troubles... well for those awesome facebook followers tomorrow for lunch we are running a sandwich special - The Jason, named after my Chef.  It is a Grilled Corned Beef sandwich with boursin cheese, lots of melted swiss, and russian dressing on your choice of bread.

Also!  

Dinner Wednesday is a Maple Glazed Pork Loin over Steak Fries and Grilled Carrots 

and...

back by popular demand, a Vegetarian Curry over Jasmine Rice

Hopefully website will be working by tomorrow :), Chicken Marsala Tuesday night., Le cordon bleu!  Fried chicken stuffed with ham and swiss!, Monday's Lunch Special

The Philly Crunch - Turkey, Ham and Cheddar Cheese served on a Sub Roll with Mayo, Dijon Mustard, Shredded Lettuce, Tomatoes, Pickles, Onions, and Crushed Potato Chips- 10.00

Monday's Dinner Specials

Penne Pasta alla Puttanesca with Greens Salad - 10.95

Chicken Cordon Bleu with Mashed Potatoes and Grilled Zucchini - 16.95

Soups:

Cream of Spinach (Vegetarian, Gluten Free)
Butternut Squash (Vegetarian, Gluten Free)
Winter Vegetable Soup (Vegetarian, Gluten Free), Rut roh.  Only 3 chili orders left.  #didntmakeenuff, Friday's Lunch Special

Vegetarian Chili with Homemade Cornbread and Greens Salad - 11.95

Friday's Dinner Specials

Mediterranean Chicken Skewers with Green Beans over Rice Pilaf - 13.95

Eggplant Rollotini with Goat Cheese, Spinach, Roasted Red Peppers over Rice Pilaf and Our Tomato Sauce - 12.95

Soups:

Cream of Spinach (Vegetarian, Gluten Free)
Mushroom Barley (Lactose-Free)
Winter Vegetable Soup (Vegetarian, Gluten Free), It chili inside, and it's chili outside.  It's a regular frickin' chili fest!  Seriously, our vegetarian chili could save your life when it's this cold out., Thursday's Lunch Special

Vegetarian Chili with Homemade Cornbread and Greens Salad - 11.95

Thursday's Dinner Specials

Vegetarian Chili with Homemade Cornbread and Greens Salad - 11.95

Pork Roulade with Goat Cheese, Spinach, Mushrooms with Roasted Steak Fries and Sauteed Green Beans - 16.95

Soups:

Spinach and Rice (Vegetarian)
Mushroom Barley (Lactose-Free)
Mulligatawny - an Indian Lentil Soup (Vegan, Gluten-Free), Oops! Todays lunch is a hot pastrami sandwich!, Wednesday’s Lunch Special

Vegetarian Chili with Homemade Cornbread and Greens Salad – 11.95

Wednesday’s Dinner Specials

Vegetarian Chili with Homemade Cornbread and Greens Salad – 11.95

“Spaghetti” and Meatballs with Caesar Salad – 10.95

Soups:

Spinach and Rice (Vegetarian)
Cream of Tomato (Vegetarian, Gluten-Free)
Mulligatawny – an Indian Lentil Soup (Vegan, Gluten-Free), Tuesday's Lunch Special

Penne Pasta alla Vodka with Baby Spinach and Greens Salad - 10.95

Tuesday's Dinner Specials

Braised Lemon Garlic Chicken with Rosemary Red Bliss Potatoes and Roasted Carrots - 14.95

Penne Pasta alla Vodka with Baby Spinach and Greens Salad - 10.95

Soups:

New England Clam Chowdah
North African Cauliflower - (Vegan)
Mulligatawny - an Indian Lentil Soup (Vegan, Gluten-Free), Friday's Lunch Special

Steak Bomb Sandwich!  With Grilled Peppers, Onions, Mushrooms, and Melted Provolone 10.95

Friday's Dinner Specials

Stuffed Peppers with Salad (Vegetarian) - 11.95

Soups:

New England Clam Chowdah
North African Cauliflower - Vegan, Lactose-Free
Cannellini Bean and Basil (Vegetarian), turkey dinner!  ssoooo good, Thursday's Lunch Special

BBQ Chicken Sandwich on a Sub Roll with Coleslaw and Potato Salad on the side 10.95

Thursday's Dinner Specials

Ratatouille over Jasmine Rice With Greens Salad - 10.95

Roast Turkey Dinner with Stuffing, Mashed Potatoes, Gravy and Cranberry Sauce - 14.95

Soups:

Split Pea and Ham (Gluten-Free, Lactose-Free)
Italian Wedding Soup with Homemade Tiny Meatballs!
Cannellini Bean and Basil (Vegetarian), SBC didn't look at the weather last night.  Blizzard surprise!
Today's specials:
Lunch:
Coconut Thai Chicken Curry over Jasmine Rice with Greens Salad

Dinner:
BBQ Bone-In Chicken Thighs with Roasted Red Bliss Potatoes and Grilled Carrots
Penne Pasta with a Spicy Tomato Eggplant Sauce and Greens Salad

Soup:
Italian Wedding Soup with homemade tiny meatballs!
Split Pea and Ham
Cheddar Broccoli, Tuesday lunch special is Pasta with Four Cheeses and Caesar Salad.  Feta, Ricotta, Fresh Mozzarella and Parmeggiano!

Tuesday Night's Dinner:  Honey Spiral Ham with Scalloped Potatoes and Salad
and....
Thai Chicken Curry over Jasmine Rice, Color us twittered
@SqueakBeakCafe
https://twitter.com/SqueakBeakCafe, Oh the disgrace!, Today's lunch special: Shepherds Pie with Greens Salad, Should we open Saturdays?, Eggplant parm pre-construction, Anthony, right now, is making himself a rootbeer float.  God save the queen., Friday specials: 
Lunch: Macaroni and Cheese with Grilled Chicken and Spinach
Dinner: Shepherd's Pie with Greens Salad and
Eggplant Parmesan with Caesar Salad, Our website is being fussy - we are working on a fix!, Thrilled!, Ah Thursday, let's see, what do we have for Thursday.  Dinner will be Braised Kielbasa with Saurkraut, Baked Beans and Potato Salad.  Also, Penne Pasta with Homemade Pesto, Grilled Chicken, Tomatoes, and Feta with our Mixed Greens Salad., Starting with #8 on the 8th: Grilled Eggplant and Zucchini Panini with Goat Cheese, Roasted Red Peppers, and Garlic Aioli. Vegetable Goodness. More to Come..., Wednesday night we are serving lump crabcakes with grilled asparagus and salad, and penne pasta alfredo with baby spinach and grilled chicken with caesar salad.  Hope to see you there!, Tuesday night's dinner is Pasta Bolognese with Caesar Salad and Vegetarian Chili with corn bread and greens salad.  Come give us a try!, Oh the meatloaf.  Bacon wrapped meatloaf with mashed potatoes and gravy with grilled asparagus!, www.squeakybeaker.com for our daily specials!, Monday night's dinner specials are killer!  Try the World Famous Bradshaw Meatloaf with Mashed Potatoes, Gravy, and Grilled Asparagus!, Thank you everyone for such a great first day.  We are so delighted to be serving our food to such a friendly bunch of people.  We can't wait to meet everyone and make tons of new friends., http://boston.eater.com/archives/2013/01/03/the-squeaky-beaker-opens-friday.php, It's Opening Day tomorrow!!!  Play Ball!)