List(Is it too early to be thinking about Pasta Primavera? Ours features sautéed vegetables with white wine, garlic, and butter with fettuccine. Bellissimo!, Congratulations to 2011 Beanpot champions Boston College, and also Northeastern University, BU and Harvard for a great Beanpot championship series!, Happy Valentine's Day! <3 Wishing everyone a day filled with love... and a romantic meal made with love..., Make Canestaro part of your Valentine plans! <3 We have cozy, romantic tables room and delicious Italian specialties you both will love..., Thinking about the Home of Summer... selected tix are on sale now, the rest go on sale this Saturday! Tell 'em Canestaro sent 'cha, All dug out and open for lunch! Have you tried our Herb Grilled Chicken sandwich? Grilled chicken breast marinated in rosemary olive oil, piled with lettuce, tomato and onion, served on a fresh sub roll. Delizioso!, A winter favorite: Italian wedding soup... hearty broth, tender spinach, tiny pasta, savory meatballs... it's on the menu at Canestaro, We love the new wing at the MFA--and how it opens the museum to our Fenway neighborhood. Worth the wait!, We are back in action today! Come in and enjoy lunch and dinner with us. Don't feel like leaving the office? We deliver and cater so give us a call at 617-266-8997 and place your order today. No order is too big or too small so give us a try!, We are closed today due to this wintery weather. That just means we will be ready to go extra tomorrow for all of your delivery and catering orders. Let us come to you and save those winter boots from the sludge. 617-266-8997 open from 11:00 am - 10:00 pm daily. Stay warm!!, Almost lunch time and guess what? We cater and delliver to all offices and businesses! Family style pasta bowls, pizza, sandwich platters, salads, soups, the list is endless. All at great prices. Treat the staff today and call 617-266-8997 for details or email cateringandsales@gmail.com for any questions. Enjoy!, Almost quitting time everyone! Make sure to get over to Canestaro tonight for a Monday treat. Try a nice big bowl of Italian Wedding soup or our amazing Lasagna Bolognese. You deserve it so we will see you there!, Brrrrrr it's cold outside. Get over to Canestaro and warm up with some great pasta and wine. Kitchen is open from 11:00 am - 10:00 pm daily. See you tonight!, Come on treat yourself! 3 layer Mouse cake at Canestaro. Mmmmmmmmm....., Here's a thought for lunch! Treat your office staff to some pizza or sandwich platters from Canestaro. Catering and Family Style meals are available, call 617-266-8997 for details on our low pricing on quality food! Hope to hear from you soon., Thinking about dinner already? Enjoy some raviolis and a full body Chianti. Join us tonight for a meal that really hits the spot., Had a busy weekend? Come in and relax with a nice glass of wine and some fresh pasta dishes. Specials run daily, kitchen is open until 10:00 pm. See you tonight!, Happy New Year from all of us at Canestaro Restaurant and Pizzeria! Come in for a delicious meal before heading out to watch the ball drop to bring in 2011. Watch for new exciting changes in the new year from us. Stay tuned! Be safe and enjoy the night!, It's Pizza Friday! Relax and let us do the work by delivering a fresh hot pizza to your door for dinner. Or call and get a late lunch delivered to your office for all of your hard working employees. Feel like going out? Come join us, and enjoy the cozy and relaxed atmosphere in our dining room with an amazing pasta dish and a well deserved glass of vino. See you soon!, null, Season's Greetings! during the holidays, Canestaro's will keep the following hours:
Fri Dec 24 and Sat Dec 25, closed. Sun Dec 26, opening at 1pm. 

Canestaro's would like to thank all our customers and friends for your support in 2010. From our house to yours, best wishes for a safe and peaceful holiday., In this season of thanks, we would like to say thank you to customers, friends and fans for supporting Canestaro through the year--have a happy and safe Thanksgiving!, Gloomy day today, but our Chicken Piccata could warm you up with the sunny flavors of Italy!  http://canestaro.tumblr.com/post/1582400306/chicken-piccata-a-canestaro-specialty, If you love pasta check out our latest blog post to learn some fun facts you didn't know!, Just created a new custom Page on www.Pagemodo.com Do you like it?, null, Want a wine recomendation?  Check out our latest blog post!)