List(Okay, you caught us -- we're just showing off., Let our menu be the tour guide., Shout out to Jennifer G. for leaving us a review on Yelp. Check out what they had to say: http://yelp.com/biz/t7nSk_D0X8vZDSJi0Xnh2A#hrid:XjW16TUe3FSfVbnCSidO-Q, How are we doing? Give us your input here!, It's "National Make Up Your Own Holiday" Day, so we hereby declare it to be National JP Seafood Cafe Day!, "Nope, nothing in here... We're gonna need to go out to eat. I know the perfect place.", Did you know? We're on Twitter, too! Tweet us:

http://twitter.com/JPSeafoodCafe, Better than a pot of gold (if you ask us)., You can stop looking now., We want to hear from all those who share our passion for great food! What ingredient always makes it's way into the dish you're cooking?, Just dig in!, Welcome to paradise., We value hearing what you think! Find us on Yelp!  http://yelp.com/biz/t7nSk_D0X8vZDSJi0Xnh2A, Always remember the sweet things in life., Welcome home., We're starting to think all of our guests are magicians. The food on their plates always instantly disappears., Are you a person of few words? Tweet us instead @JPSeafoodCafe:

http://twitter.com/JPSeafoodCafe, Our word of the day., The best way to someone's heart is through their stomach., Chef Karen's yummy Creme Brûlée is back for V-day weekend!!, Do we believe in love at first sight? Of course -- we fall in love with every piece of sushi we see., Touchdown., Our big screen will be rolled down for the Super Bowl tonight!  Come and join us!!, Even Punxsutawney Phil knows the best cure for six more weeks of winter is our food., Shout out to Jessie R. for leaving us a review on Yelp. Check out what they had to say: http://yelp.com/biz/t7nSk_D0X8vZDSJi0Xnh2A#hrid:5QgkWAaXCvUmt_A2nDVYdA, If you had just 30 seconds to recommend us to a friend, what would you say?, Good food speaks for itself., It's easier than you think -- just bring a friend next time you stop for a bite with us., We're on Twitter too! How do you use Twitter and Facebook differently?

http://twitter.com/JPSeafoodCafe, Changing the world... one bite at a time., "Take me to get sushi or I pull the plug.", The best stories are told around our table., Find your happy place., And our life is all about sushi., We'd hate to do this to you, but if you could only have one thing on our menu for the whole year, what would it be?, Shout out to Adam V. for leaving us a review on Yelp. Check out what they had to say: http://yelp.com/biz/t7nSk_D0X8vZDSJi0Xnh2A#hrid:0UE-0gBdE7Ii5emG1IYYeQ, Have a second? We'd love to know how we're doing. Please respond with your feedback!, Here's to another year of delicious food, perfect drinks, and great times with family and friends., 2016's almost here, and we've got the perfect resolution for you., Are you a person of few words? Tweet us instead @JPSeafoodCafe:

http://twitter.com/JPSeafoodCafe, Season's eatings from our family to yours!, Merry Christmas Everyone!
@JP Seafood Employees' Holiday Party, Forget cookies -- this is what Santa really wants., When that JP Seafood Cafe craving kicks in., Put some records on while we pour., Making spirits (and taste buds) bright!, Simple as that., Thank you for the wonderful review, Carla B.! http://yelp.com/biz/t7nSk_D0X8vZDSJi0Xnh2A#hrid:PjHtQZt6NdVkU_9ht6Hvkg, Have a second? We'd love to know how we're doing. Please respond with your feedback!, Confession time: We wanted to post another picture of our sashimi, but we got a little hungry... Oops., For when you get tired of leftovers., Small business, big appetite., Like our families, our friends, and our fans. Happy Thanksgiving, everyone!, JP Seafood will be open on Thanksgiving day eve from 11:30 am - 8:30 pm.  We will be closed on Thanksgiving day.  Thanks and have a wonderful holiday!, That's when we come in., Shortest horror story: Going more than 24 hours without seafood., In other words, "yes, please.", This Veterans Day, we honor all those who have served., Thanks, Claire W., for the 5-star review! We love hearing from you: http://yelp.com/biz/t7nSk_D0X8vZDSJi0Xnh2A#hrid:uNio-S5OYdpHj9EiJ_stwA, What would you say about us in 10 words or less?, Now accepting fan club applications., For all those "ifs" in life., Happy Halloween!
Trick or Treat with Miss JP Seafood., Take away the fright in just one bite., Picture this: You've got your takeout ready and your pajamas on -- which Halloween movie will you be watching?, 800 fans - looks like we made it! Thanks, everyone!, Fact: Studies show that people who dine at our place are 100% happier than those who don't., When you have to drive to work, but all you can think about is sushi., Sunday plans? GTL -- gym, teriyaki, laundry., Winner, winner, Chiashi for dinner., We value hearing what you think! Find us on Yelp!  http://yelp.com/biz/t7nSk_D0X8vZDSJi0Xnh2A, We're 9 fans away from 800! Help us get there!, If you haven't seen fall in Massachuttes, you haven't seen fall., Leaving feedback for us is easy-just respond here! We'd love to hear from you., Same thing., Kick a$$ Toro tonight!, Don't miss a beat — or a tweet! Follow us:

http://twitter.com/JPSeafoodCafe, Sushi is just another word for perfect., You've always been the greatest of neighbors. We couldn't think of a better place to be!, Thanks everyone who attend our Sake Class last night!, Bet you stopped scrolling., Just a reminder folks, our Lounge side will be closed tonight for "Sake Basic", a Sake Pairing Class.  A few seats are up for a grab if you'd like to walk-in!  Starts at 7pm., There's a time and place for a great maki roll. The time is now and the place -- well, you know the place., We value hearing what you think! Find us on Yelp!  http://yelp.com/biz/t7nSk_D0X8vZDSJi0Xnh2A, Just a reminder folks,
JP Seafood is now closed on Mondays.
We are sorry for your inconvenience but we will be well rested and be able to serve you better!
Thanks your supports and see you Tuesday!!, Friends and neighbors, our hearts are with you today., You work hard all year, so this day goes out to you -- enjoy!, Did you know? We're on Twitter, too! Tweet us:

http://twitter.com/JPSeafoodCafe, Sharing's encouraged -- but not required., JP Seafood Cafe Gallery Lounge is now featuring paintings of Wilson Hunt through out the Month of September., It's a touchdown in our book., Oh, summer, we're gonna miss you., The four elements., To whoever said money can't buy you happiness -- we've got two words for you: Sunshine Maki., JP Seafood Cafe Presents Sake Basics

Wednesday, September 23rd at 7pm.

Hosted by: Gabrielle Morriseau, A Certified Sake Professional & JP Seafood Bar Manager

$40/Person (Inclues: 1 hour of Basic Sake Class, 4 Samplings of Premium Sake with Parings of our fantastic food plus Tax & Gratuity)

Please make your reservation at jpseafoodcafe.com or call 617.676.5489, Thanks to Kate K. for singing our praises on Yelp! http://yelp.com/biz/t7nSk_D0X8vZDSJi0Xnh2A#hrid:oTcf4lXkrefVwi5KT1ejEA, Just think of all the sushi in the world., We're so glad you "Like" us! Tell us why, and we may publish it on our feed!, Wish you could retweet one of our posts? Well, you can! Follow us on Twitter:

http://twitter.com/JPSeafoodCafe, Dancing Salmon, Weekend Special!, Quick! What's one thing you're grateful for now that it's the weekend?, It's impolite to stare, but we get it., Wiser words have never been spoken., Best pick-up line ever: Let's get sushi., Summer in Massachusetts isn't complete without a trip to  ________., We love hearing about your experience! Thanks, carmen salgado, for leaving us this wonderful review: https://plus.google.com/101977207932996720197/, Motivation Monday:, A nice sangria kinda night!, If you had just 30 seconds to recommend us to a friend, what would you say?, So we want to know -- what's the one dish you order every. single. time?, Pickin' up good vibrations., Are you a person of few words? Tweet us instead @JPSeafoodCafe:

http://twitter.com/JPSeafoodCafe, When the squad gets noodles without you., May your day be filled with great company, good food, and lots of happiness., We will be closed tomorrow on Independence Day, but try not to miss TORO tonight at JP Seafood!
Happy Birthday America!!!, "Forge on, men. There's dinner ahead." - George Washington, That dance you do after visiting JP., Time for some shoutouts: Who was the first person to tell you about us? Feel free to tag them in the comments!, It was great to see Meaghan M. on Yelp! Thanks for taking the time to write such a fantastic review! http://yelp.com/biz/t7nSk_D0X8vZDSJi0Xnh2A#hrid:iFlDmyaX1DzaJXSDt2dC8A, To the man who taught us to dream big and eat bigger. Happy Father's Day!, Looks like a perfect evening ahead., After a meal with us, I feel ________., Are you a person of few words? Tweet us instead @JPSeafoodCafe:

http://twitter.com/JPSeafoodCafe, Are you sure you didn't save room for dessert?, Don't Miss This!, Relationship goals., Three words to live by: Love. Live. Wasabi., It's not too good to be true. It's real., Today, we remember., We're so glad you "Like" us! Tell us why, and we may publish it on our feed!, Bay Staters can never say no to: clam chowder, Boston sports games, lobster, trips to The Cape, and regular coffee ..., null, Wish you could retweet one of our posts? Well, you can! Follow us on Twitter:

http://twitter.com/JPSeafoodCafe, We've got the first three covered -- the rest is up to you., Sushi: The magical cure for hanger., And one heck of a cook. Thanks for everything, Mom., Sushi makes all the difference., Things just got real., Fun fact: You want sushi for dinner tonight., Got a second? Keep us in the loop, and let us know how we're doing., Troubles? What troubles?, The moment you realize it was too much wasabi:, Are you a person of few words? Tweet us instead @JPSeafoodCafe:

http://twitter.com/JPSeafoodCafe, Love is perfect, 
Love is great,
Love is right here on your plate.

(Shout out to @Kiwi_Jones for the pic!), We know, today was taxing. Sushi can help., I'm the kind of tasty you can't stop thinking about., So grateful to all of our fans. Thanks for helping us reach 700 likes!, True or false? There's always room for another roll., Life advice: eat this., Let the countdown to 700 fans begin! Only 10 away, everyone. Help us out!, You just can't., Sorry in advance for blowing your mind.

(Shout out to michaelchristopher22 for the pic!), We love hearing your input. Let us know your feedback by responding here!, He went to Jared., We're just trying to change the world, one roll at a time., We would like to invite you to eat with us every day for the rest of the week!, My delicious runs wild and it runs deep., Happy Friday the 13th!!

Specials Tonight:

Fresh Maine Ama Ebi (Sweet Shrimp) Sushi

And Our Famous Dancing Salmon is back!, Always and forever., To Our Loyal Sushi Connoisseurs: 
Live Alaskan Uni Tonight!, Ok, here's a tough one: If you had to choose between eating only sushi or only Ok-Dol Bibimbop for a month, which would you choose?, 2000 to 1? We like those odds., Admit it -- you love me., Seven days without sushi makes one weak., Wish you could retweet one of our posts? Well, you can! Follow us on Twitter:

http://twitter.com/JPSeafoodCafe, Daily reminder that life is beautiful:, We'd like to buy a vowel., I’m just a roll, standing in front of your face, asking you to love me., What do you find more romantic on Valentine's day -- a night on the town or staying comfy at home?, Hah!  We are all dug out and will be open until 8:30 tonight!! Hope to see you.  A cozy dinner is waiting., "I don't know man... I just started eating spicy udon soup and I was like, wow, my problems... where did they all just go??", Sometimes that someone is right in front of your eyes., Our brave loyal followers, we are open for dinner 'til 8:30 tonight!, Stay tuned for tonight's season finale., Leaving feedback for us is easy-just respond here! We'd love to hear from you., Trust me -- as you get to know me, I just get better., True or True? No trip to Jamaica Plain is complete without smashing one of these:, Are you a person of few words? Tweet us instead @JPSeafoodCafe:

http://twitter.com/JPSeafoodCafe, If you're in need of some hanger management, we've got you covered., You've got friends visiting Boston -- what's the first thing you tell them to do?, "You are what you eat. Call me Sushi.", Shrimp Ceviche Cocktail:

Fresh Cocktail Shrimp in Ceviche Salsa with Pomelo, Mango, Avocado and Cilantro, Lonely soup seeking hungry companion. Likes hot weather and curing colds. Must love spicy foods., Spring Fever Maki:
A Naruto Style Maki.  Fresh Salmon, Tobiko, Cream Cheese, Cilantro and Avocado Wrapped in Cucumber topped with Lemongrass Paste and Spring Greens.  
One of our Specials tonight! Don't miss it!!, If someone ever tells you you're eating too much sushi, stop talking to them. You don't need that kind of negativity in your life., If you had just 30 seconds to recommend us to a friend, what would you say?, Should auld acquaintance be forgot., I woke up like this. Flawless., Saturdays: a poem., Follow us on Twitter! We love talking to our fans, and we want to hear what you think on Twitter, too:

http://twitter.com/JPSeafoodCafe, But I heard him exclaim, 'ere he drove out of sight, "Happy Eating to all, and to all a good night!" http://t.co/D5SUFcUoID, But I heard him exclaim, 'ere he drove out of sight,
"Happy Eating to all, and to all a good night!", Just a heads up, we will be closed tomorrow (the Xmas Eve) and Xmas Day.  Have a merry Xmas Everyone!, If eating the Godzilla Maki is naughty then we don't wanna be nice., Doesn't get much better looking than JP in December., Meet me under the mistletoe. http://t.co/PB1ZS1mgMs, Meet me under the mistletoe., Get a fresh perspective. http://t.co/bF6tydADcK, Get a fresh perspective., We value hearing what you think! Find us on Yelp! http://t.co/j2QlRMendy, Leaving feedback for us is easy—just respond here! We'd love to hear from you., Currently (and always) accepting testimonials! If you have a minute, please let us know how we're doing!, 81 years ago today, prohibition was repealed. Celebrate accordingly: http://t.co/ebKVU0Lewk, 81 years ago today, prohibition was repealed. Celebrate accordingly:, You gotta do what you gotta do. http://t.co/aNJxP37s0T, You gotta do what you gotta do., Think big. Shop small. Support local. http://t.co/0c9ULgx8YY, Think big. Shop small. Support local., We're on Facebook too! How do you use Twitter and Facebook differently?, Are you in the Twitterverse? Follow us @JPSeafoodCafe:

http://twitter.com/JPSeafoodCafe, Happy Thanksgiving, from our family to yours. http://t.co/yScaFC7jg9, Happy Thanksgiving, from our family to yours., Just a heads up, we will be closed tomorrow! Have a great Turkey Day! :), Just a heads up, we will be closed tomorrow! Have a great Turkey Day! :), You can't even right now. http://t.co/2XEG842sYt, You can't even right now., A friendly reminder., You want me. Bad., We are proud to a part of Hub Nub Tonight at House Of Blues to benefit Boston Center for Youth & Family., Where the circle begins., We know that look., Bet you stopped scrolling., We want to talk to you on Twitter, too! Follow us:

http://twitter.com/JPSeafoodCafe, Don't trick yourself, treat yourself., PARENTAL DISCRETION ADVISED!!

We are serving Mirugai (Geo Clam aka. Gooey clam) Sushi tonight!  Don't miss it!!!, We see fed people., Weekend plans:, Chopsticks and soy sauce and sushi feasting, these are a few of our favorite things., JAMAICA PLAIN, MA. BREAKING NEWS. Sushi is delicious. For more on this story, visit JP Seafood Cafe., My mom always told me not to play with my food..., You can run but you can't hide., True or false? I always take a picture of my food at restaurants., We're no scientists but we're pretty sure soy sauce should be on the periodic table., Wish you could retweet one of our posts? Well, you can! Follow us on Twitter:

http://twitter.com/JPSeafoodCafe, Toro indah house!  Don't miss it!!, Finally something we can all agree on., Happy International Sake Day!
Come and check out our great selection of Sake.  Kanpai!!, Agree or disagree: I study the menu for 10 minutes, but then order the same thing every time., Let the race to the kitchen commence., We know how you really feel., The Popular Spicy Pork belly is back on our special menu tonight!  Don't miss it!!, Eat sushi. Regret nothing., Put the word "sushi" somewhere in the title of your favorite movie. What do you get?, What would you say about us in 10 words or less?, Sounds purrfect., United we stand -- today, and every day., Are you in the Twitterverse? Follow us @JPSeafoodCafe:

http://twitter.com/JPSeafoodCafe, iKura: Apple's new ear buds make your tunes absolutely delicious., One of Our Specials Tonight:
"Golden Basket" - Sweet & Tangy Chicken or Tofu with Grilled Pineapple and Roasted Cashew Nuts & Drizzled Light Teriyaki Sauce in a beautifully presented carved Golden Pineapple., JP Seafood Gallery Lounge presents Marc Sevigny's "Aboriginal Dreams" starting tonight at The First Thursday through Month of September!

http://www.marcsevignyart.com/keeper-of-the-om/, Wake up! Three day weekend means three times more sushi., Sushi for dinner
Our Friday night staff dinner.;-), Hey fans - we reached our goal of 600! Couldn't have done it without you!, Oh, the humanity!, Come get it, Bae., Our favorite movie? Soy Story., If you haven't already, we highly recommend you watch Jiro Dreams of Sushi. Warning: you might drool., How are we doing? Give us your input here!, These come in orders of two, right?, Hey, thinkin' about you.

Wonderin' if you're hungry., Cool it, shrimp., Don't miss a beat — or a tweet! Follow us:

http://twitter.com/JPSeafoodCafe, JP Seafood Gallery Lounge will be hosting Janice Williams as our artist of the Month!  Please come join and celebrate with Janice and her colorful art work tomorrow for JP CENTRE SOUTH FIRST THURSDAY ART WALK (5-9).  Oh, and grab a bite to eat or drink!!, That feeling when you get your hands on our Bibimbap., Finally making it official!, Happy Friday Everyone!

We have a limited amount of a beautiful fillet of American Red Snappers for grill tonight cut in this afternoon!
Don't miss out!!, Gotta have more seafood, baby!, Now they're hooked., Grab a bite with us and the rest will fall into place., How are we doing? Give us your input here!, Priorities., Cutting 300 pounder Bluefin Tuna.  Come and check it out!, You can't buy happiness, but you can buy sushi. That's pretty much the same thing., Nothing says summer quite like sushi!, Follow us on Twitter! We love talking to our fans, and we want to hear what you think on Twitter, too:

http://twitter.com/JPSeafoodCafe, A nice hot day for a Lobster Maki and a flight of cold sake at JP Seafood Lounge tonight!, Where the magic happens., Let freedom ring and sushi roll., Looks like you've got a lot on your plate., Ah, Friday. What's on your plate tonight?, Cheers to Chef Benny!
Thank you for all those years of sweats!  We will miss you!!
Here is to the next chapter of your life!!!, And all were happy, except Aquaman., We're so glad you "Like" us! Tell us why, and we may publish it on our feed!, Le Toro de France., We do., Excuse me, are you feline okay? You look lost., My beer of choice? _____., Slurping enhances the flavors of noodles and broth -- so slurp away, friends., For all of our sake drinkers out there: hot or cold?, It's the perfect day to sashimmy on down here and try one of our lunch plates -- we have everything from teriyaki chicken to nigiri!, For 18 years, we've been delivering the best seafood to the Jamaica Plain community -- here's to 18 more!, null, Again this year, we had a wonderful time to raise $$ for a good local cause last weekend at House of Blues and Landsdowne Pub!!

http://www.boston.com/news/local/massachusetts/2014/04/12/boston-best-chefs-serve-cuisine-rock-for-improv-group/cGrIM3EfvkTGDvR1TvOuRK/story.html, Tonight from 5 to 9pm 
Come out to Jamaica Plain for the first of the season
First Thursday Art Walk!
Featuring dozens of artists in pop-up galleries
All along Centre Street and South Street

Restaurants and shops have opened their wall space 
To local artists to display their work
Boston's new Mayor, Marty Walsh, will be at the launch party
At 668 Centre Street!

JP Seafood Cafe Gallery Lounge will be featuring Scott Cipolla and her Pastel Works.  Come and Enjoy!, Our ever popular Dancing Salmon is back for the V-day special.  Also the "Love Royale" Maki (Alaskan King Crabmeat, Romaine Hearts, Asparagus, Avocado and Masago wrapped in Pink Soy Paper) in background., If you are an Iron Chef, what would you do with this fresh Octopus?, Another Early Closing night at JP Seafood due to the weather...
Don't for get to order in for a pick up or delivery by 8:30 tonight!!, Happy New Year Everyone!!  We are partying hard tonight!  We will be open tomorrow from 11:30 am 'til 8:30pm.  Come on over tomorrow and join us on New Year's Day!!, Happy Holidays Folks!

We are open until 9pm. tonight and we are closed on Xmas day tomorrow.  Have a peaceful & safe holiday season!!
Hope see you soon!, Our famous Lunch Box (Obento) comes to dinner time as a special for a limited time.  Come and Enjoy!!!, JP Seafood Cafe is proud to present Art works of Iris Anne Grant for JP First Thursday tonight!  This exhibition will be showing through out November., Yuzu Katsuo Tataki - Marinated in Yuzu Citrus & Seared Bonito Tuna Slices with Ponzu Sauce.  A perfect appetizer!!, JP Seafood Lounge is hosting Mary Chatoswsky Jameson's Art Works starting today (The First Thursday) though out October.  Please visit www.saltwaterstudio.biz for more images and information., To Our Loyal JP Seafood Patrons:

JP Seafood will be CLOSED TOMORROW NIGHT (October 2, Wednesday) for a private function.

But if you call and place an order, we will deliver your food for free tomorrow night in Jamaica Plain!

We are sorry for the inconvenience.   -JP Seafood Cafe, One of our Specials tonight:
Orange Flavored Sweet, Sour & Spicy Agedashi Tofu
Yum!  Must try!!, Rainbow over JP Seafood, A great reception gala at our lounge last night for our featured July artist Andrew Brilliant!

Snow Haiku
Andrew Brilliant is a photographer, artist, film maker and real estate agent. He lives and works in Jamaica Plain.	He is especially interested in the photographic image and its relationship to what is in front of the camera and what is behind the eye of the photographer.
In the pre-digital analog days of photography there was a saying attributed to Ansel Adams - “the negative is like a score in music and the print is like the performance”. In these digital times this may be more true then ever. The file is like a score and the print is like the performance. And now the file can be used and repurposed in so many different ways.
Andrews commercial and fine art photography has been published nationally and locally in publications like Life Magazine, Newsweek, The Atlantic Magazine , Boston Magazine and the Boston Globe. His fine art work is in the collections of Boston Museum of Fine Art, The Fogg Museum at Harvard, and the Fidelity Corporate Art Collection. Work from his project “My life as as a Dad” was exhibited in the NYC Museum of Modern Art's landmark traveling exhibit “Pleasures and Terrors of Domestic Comfort”
Recently Andrew has been photographing for several of Bostons professional theatre companies.
The work exhibited here is part of an exploration of the idea of series in photographs. Of course a single photograph can have the power and expression of a poem.	When photographs are in series they can also act like words in a line of a poem or like the lines that make up a poem. Does seeing photographs in series amplify the meaning and expression of each photograph or does seeing photos in series bring greater meaning and expression to the entire series?	“Snow Melt” and the “The Eyes, The Nose The Face” are other series in this exploration.
The work here will be exhibited at JP Seafood until the end of July. Prints from this show are available for purchase directly from the artist.	Please contact him with your interest at andy@brilliantpictures.com	or at 617 694 9759., null, Dancing Salmon                                     

Grilled Scottish Salmon topped with Organic Sweet Mango Salsa (Organic Mango, Green Apple, Plum Tomato, Red Onion, Cilantro, Fresh Lemon and Persian Lime Infused Olive Oil Vinegar), To All The Moms In The World, THANK YOU!, Come On Out!  Our Patio Is Open!!, The Debut of Chef Benny's Acting Career!

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uF75qnWtz5I, Finally!  Spring is here!!  At least just for a day..., null, Our awesome Sushi display at House of Blues post show party last night!, JP Seafood is proud to be a part of "Banned in boston" the fundraiser for Urban Improv again this year! 
We will be at the VIP Post Show Party serving delicious goodies!!

https://www.fundraise.com/bannedinboston, It is The Good Friday indeed!
We sold so many Fish'n Chips already...
Happy Good Friday & Easter everyone!!, We are very humbled to be nominated again for the Best of Boston!  Please Vote us to be the Best!!  Cheers!!!

http://contests.thephoenix.com/thebest/Boston/2013/votes#Restaurant,_Japanese, Which one would you have?  Griled Salmon or Grilled Halibut with fresh Mango Slaw, Chef Karen's V-Day Weekend Sweet Treat!                  Light Chocolate Mousse with Berries
And thanks everyone for an awesome turnout last two days!!, Due to the storm, we will be closed today and open for dinner tomorrow night.  Happy storm and be safe!, A very limited time during cold winter months we get awesome fresh sweet shrimp from Maine.  Today is one!

Stir-fried Sweet Shrimp w/Veggies   Don't miss it!, It was great to have the cutest first graders from Haley School at JP Seafood!, Korean Style Spicy Pork Bulgoki Tonight!, Alaskan King Crab Roll - A Special from our Sushi Bar 'til the New Year's Eve., We will be closed on the eve of Christmas and Christmas day.  Have a merry Christmas everyone and see you soon!, One of our favorite Maki is back in special tonight!

LOBSTAH MAKI:  Fresh Cooked Lobstermeat, Romaine lettuce, Avocado, Japanese Mayo, Relish and Masago

Don't Miss it!  HAPPY HOLIDAYS!!, Special Tonight
Grilled Atlantic Cod Fillet with Japanese Yuzu & Vermont Maple Syrup infused Veggie Salad garnished with Beet & Kale Sauce., Staff dinner! No more turkey!!, Happy Thanksgiving Day Everyone!
We will be closed for the turkey-day so see you on the Black Friday.  Happy feasting and Happy shopping!!, Happy Thanksgiving Everyone!, Again tonight as past 17 years, it was great to participate in the Taste Of JP!, Hello all,
JP Seafood is closed today due to the hurricane Sandy.  Hope we will see you tomorrow and have a safe day at home!!, Some Of Our Autumn Inspired Menu Items For This Month!

A Vegetarian Maki - Honey Infused Pumpkin with Avocado, Cucumber and Kanpyo
Apple Pie Saketini - Cinnamon Infused Sake with Apple Cider and A Drizzle of Barenjager Honey Liqueur, null, Tomorrow!
http://www.facebook.com/events/282711631830255/, This weekend is JP Open Studios! JP Seafood, a proud sponsor, will be holding a reception this Saturday from noon-2pm for our featured artists, Liz and David Harris!, null, Inspired by upcoming JP Open Studio...
"The Artist Maki" will be our special Maki through next weekend!  Happy weekend everyone. Celebrate!, Sorry Folks,  Someone has to take for the team...
Sampling Pastry Chef Karen's ridiculously delicious Flour-less "Lava" Cake!, One of our Specials tonight:
A Maki with Fresh Cooked Lobstermeat, Romaine Greens, Tobiko, Avocado and Spicy Wasabi Mayo., null, It"s awfully close but we are still running a few votes behind Whole Foods for Best Sushi in JP.  Let's make it happen guys!  Please vote if you haven't done it yet.  It ends tonight!!!  Thanks everyone for your vote and support!
http://jamaicaplain.patch.com/articles/readers-choice-nominate-your-favorite-sushi-4dbe297a, JP Seafood Gallery Lounge welcomes back the work of Wilson Hunt this time with his amazing paintings!!

www.wilsonhunt.com, Okay, We need your vote!  We are behind Whole Foods Supermarket for Best Sushi in JP... Votes end tomorrow!
http://jamaicaplain.patch.com/articles/readers-choice-nominate-your-favorite-sushi-4dbe297a, Cake Cake Cake!, VOTE for JP SEAFOOD in the Jamaica Plain Gazette's BEST OF JP READER'S SURVEY!
https://www.surveymonkey.com/s/HXGZBTG, JP Seafood Gallery Lounge is now showing photography of Kerri Schmidt "Santeria Apothecary, Havana, Cuba"
Come and meet the artist on The First Thursday from 6 to 7., You must try our newly added Summer Saketinis!

"Momotaro" Saketini - Citric Mint Muddled Sake w/ Peach Puree, Fresh Striper On Special Today!, JP Seafood Gallery Lounge is hosting paintings of Dawn Nelson during the month of July!
http://www.dawnnelson.org/, JP Seafood will be Closed on the 4th of July to observe our nation's Birthday.
Have a safe and joyful 4th everyone & Happy Birthday America!!, Korean BBQ for our JP Seafood Staff today! Yum!!, Phil got this great looking Bluefin Tuna for the weekend!  Come and Enjoy!!, Folks, The First Thursday is tomorrow.  Remember to stop by at JP Seafood Lounge to see Wilson Hunt's brilliant photography Art!, One of Our Specials Tonight
Grilled Jumbo Prawns & Duck Confit, Great to see so many wine experts and critics!, JP Seafood Gallery Lounge hosts the photography works of Wilson Hunt Jr. from May 30th to June 30th.
http://www.wilsonhunt.com/index.html, A special request from a loyal customer.
A poached Scottish whole salmon, 15 pounder, JP Seafood Gallery Lounge Presents Paintings By Eric Rosenthal From May 15th - May 30th!, null, Our Chefs are busy creating some beautiful Mother's Day Weekend Specials!, We had a great time at HOB last night for a great cause!
http://www.necn.com/searchNECN/search/v/55767242/beantown-s-biggest-personalities-take-the-stage.htm?q=banned+in+boston, Another Happy Friday at JP Seafood Cafe!
Have a great weekend everyone!!, Now you can follow us on Twitter, too!
https://twitter.com/#!/jpseafoodcafe, Happy Friday 13th!
Gotta try our "Kiwi Sangria" tonight, made with New Zealand Sauvingnon Blanc, Fresh Kiwi, Pineapple, and Green Apple!, Drink Specials Tonight:
Spicy Mango Saketini - Chili Pepper Infused Sake with Fresh Mango Puree, 99 Banana.  Yum!!!
Sangria Roja - Old Vine Zinfandel, Razz, and lots of Raspberries.  Don't miss it!, Wow, the race is on!  Thanks all the parents who voted for JP Seafood.  It is a great feeling to be recognized when we already have so much fun at what we do!
Keep on voting for us and make us happy :-), We've been nominated for the Best Restaurant for Kids in JP!, Thanks Everyone!  Please keep voting for JP Seafood, Best Readers' Poll Voting Extended Through March 16! , White Fish for the Sushi Bar tonight.  Flukes, Stripers, and a pretty Snapper!  Also don't miss our Ceviche tonight!!, Big Picture March Photo Workshops!
Where:
JP Seafood Cafe, Gallery Space
730 Centre Street
Jamaica Plain, MA 02130

When:
Tuesday March 6 - April 10 2012
and
Wednesday March 7- April 11 2012

 

2 more spots in the Beginner Class and 4 more in the Continuing Class!
 
click on the link below for more information
Get more information
Register Now!

UPCOMING PROGRAMS
APRIL VACATION Film/photo adventure camp 4/16-4/20:
This is a fun way to learn something new and explore Boston attractions. Each day we will be doing a lesson in photo or film and going on a field trip (MFA,MSO,Chinatown).  Cost is $60 per day with a two day minimum.  Cost includes entry to each trip.  Students bring lunch or lunch money.
Photo/Film camp July 9th-August 3rd!!!
Sign up for one week or more. Activities: documentary and fiction film-making, screenplay writing, travel/doc photo, acting and special guest teachers.
Jenniferjojo@hotmail.com
781-696-1138

Please contact me with any questions or to see the full 2012 schedule.
 
Thank you for checking out Big Picture and I am looking forward to working with your kids!
 

 
Jennifer Connelly
Big Picture Photo Workshops
bigpicturearthouse@gmail.com
781-696-1138, JP Seafood Gallery Lounge is excited to feature the work of Ginny Zanger during March!, TGIF! Start your dinner with zesty Ceviche Tropical Tonight - Sushi Grade Fresh Grouper marinated in Lime/Pineapple Juice with Mango and Veggies! Yum!!, To our loyal followers, Thank you for your vote to made us The Best of Boston last year!!   JP Seafood is again nominated for the best of Boston (Best Sushi & Sashimi).  Go to thephoenix.com/thebest and vote for JP Seafood and other awesome JP restaurants like Ten tables, Centre Street Cafe, City Feeds, Vee Vee and Wonder Spices!, Pastry Chef Karen's Valentine's Day Week Dessert List Starting On Friday:
Creme Brulee, Flourless Chocolate Cake, Grand Marnier Strawberry Shortcake, Raspberry Rose Macaroon, Chocolate Mousse Cake, and Fruit Tart!  
Make sure to reserve your seats at the Gallery Lounge & Bar to have your romantic dinner this weekend and the V-Day!  617.983.5177 Cheers!, We are now accepting reservations for your Valentine's Day Dinner.  A pair of complimentary premium quality chocolate truffles made by our JP Seafood's pastry chef will be waiting with your dinner reservation!, Pastry Chef Karen's Visit Back to Notter School of Culinary Arts, Merry X-Mas Everyone!  JP Seafood will be closed on Saturday, the X-Mas Eve & Sunday, the X-Mas day.  Have a safe and peaceful one!, Pastry Chef Karen's Awesome Desserts!, JP Seafood Gallery Lounge hosted our first function last night.  Thanks to McCormack and Scanlan Real Estate!, Late night Indi movie shooting session at JP Seafood Lounge last two nights till dawn., Busy tasting Saketinis.... Yum!, JP Seafood Gallery Lounge will be featuring JP's very best photography artist Robin Radin's work on the First Thursday.  But be the first one to sit at our communal table on Wednesday!, null, null, JP Seafood Gallery Lounge is getting very close to open now. We are having a great time trying our Saketinis and other menu items last night!, Chef Benny's Jalapeno Salmon Sashimi, 50lbs. of all you can imagine candies are waiting for the trick or treaters at JP Seafood tonight.  That is very scary!!!  Happy Halloweens Everyone!, A nice looking stone top communal table!, JP Seafood Gallery Lounge... coming soon., A super fresh fatty Big-eye Tuna loin for Sashimi!, Just in time for Holidays...
Up coming JP Seafood Gallery Lounge will have a Sake/Wine bar and an impressive 25 feet Bar Top Communal Table., null, It's slightly over due, but we are now on Facebook., null)