List(Happy Easter! We are open all day! Join us for Easter brunch!, Check out our Firecracker Calamari special today! 💥, Come by and let's start this week right with down Irish delight!!!!!☘☘☘, Once again we are ready for the holiday!☘☘☘. Who said you can't have an Irish beer at a Japanese restaurant in little Italy? Come celebrate with us by drinking a Guinness or a delicious Black magic!!!! ☘☘☘, We ❤️ Sake! 🍶, We have new additions to our menu! Rock the Lobstah and Red Light District are 🔥🔥, The special for the weekend. Pan roasted halibut, ginger bok choy & carrots, sprout puree, tempura fried oyster mushrooms & a sweet orange soy, Pan seared scallops over grilled pork belly and ginger rice, with citrus soy hollandaise, Thank you Phantom Gourmet for the mention! We loved having you!, Superstar Sushi Chef Jackie is always creating works of art! Here to make your sushi dreams come true!, Playtime in the kitchen! Trying out some new ideas. Sake poached pear with yuzu curd, and sake infused strawberry truffle with lavender clotted cream., Thank you to everyone for a great Valentine's evening! If you couldn't make it in, come in and try some of the specials from last night. The duck buns are delicious!, null, Chocolate ganache crepes = Valentine's day bliss, Get out of the cold and come warm up at Crudo! Serving a special Valentine's Day Prix-Fixe menu all weekend. Our Sushi Seared Scallops are a must try!, There's nothing better than a date night at Crudo! We are serving a special Pre-Fixe menu option all weekend! Call to book your reservations now! Happy Valentine's Day!, Please sign and support our application for a full liquor license! We need your help, please share as well!, Crudo is your one stop shop for Super Bowl Sunday! Brunch 11am-4pm. And don't forget your takeout sushi platters to bring home for the game! Call to pre-order yours now!, Our guests tell us "it's the best fried rice in Boston!" Have you tried it yet?, Check us out on Phantom Gourmet today! Starts at 10:30am! #sushi #sake #socialize #crudo, Game day! Get your brunch fix at Crudo before kick off! Let's go Pats!, Craving the Geisha Girl and Mango Tango Maki!, Fuel up before the Pats game! Serving brunch till 4pm and full menu all day and night! Go Pats!, It's Friday! And we are amped up for the Patriots game and a long weekend! Come in for drinks, lunch, brunch, or dinner all weekend! #sushi #saki #socialize, We are testing out some new rolls for our menu. What should we name this one?? Spicy tuna and avocado wrapped in soybean paper and topped with fresh tuna and tobiko., Lobster Benny on a Sunday! It's right here at Crudo. 🍳🍸 Order anything from our brunch menu and get a complimentary Mimosa or Bellini!, We're here and waiting for you! Stop by today for some brunch, sushi, and Bloody Mary's. 🍻🍤, What a lovely place for New Year's Day, Start the New Year right at Crudo brunch from 11:30am-4pm today! Build your own Bloody Mary and Mimosa bar, Lobstah Benedict, Fireball French Toast and more!, Happy New Year! We are serving brunch from 11:30am-4pm New Years Day! Come cure your hangover with our build your own Bloody Mary and Mimosa Bar!, Looking for a pregame tonight? 🎉 Start your night off with dinner and drinks from our New Year's prix fixe menu! See you tonight. 😉🍸, Ring in the New Year with Crudo! 4-course Prix Fixe menu $70 per person includes wine or sake! Tables are booking fast, make your reservations now! 🎉🍾, Getting ready for New Years and need a place to go and have an amazing meal come to Crudo!!! New Year's Eve special coming up shortly, Serving Brunch Saturday and Sunday until 4pm! Check out our Lox Roll and Lobstah Benedict!, Don't forget to grab a last minute gift card to Crudo! Buy $50, get $10 free! Kitchen is open till 8! Serving more than 7 fishes! 🍣🍲, Last minute shopping? Give the gift of Crudo this Holiday season! 20% bonus Crudo cash on every $50 you buy!, null, Brunch at Crudo stop by and have a mimosa !!!!, Bloody Mary and Mimosa Bar up and running until 4pm today! See you soon!, Who's coming to our Brunch kickoff party tomorrow?! Perfect Patriots pre-game! Make sure to call ahead and make a reservation. Here's a sneak peak at the menu:, Drum roll please....

We are kicking off our Bloody Mary and Mimosa Bar Brunch this Sunday!! Doors open at 11am. Join us for a fusion inspired brunch menu...and yes, we have eggs till 4pm! 🍾🍳, We have an exciting announcement that we will share this afternoon! Can you guess what it is? Here is a hint:, Turkey hangover? Craving sushi? Crudo has you covered! Come visit us! #sushi #sake #socialize, Happy Thanksgiving! Crudo will be at your service tomorrow to cure your turkey hangovers! Stop by for lunch or dinner. 🍣🍜🍸, Our new menu is here and we are so excited for you to try our new additions!  Lobstah Tacos, Yaki Udon, and Mango Tango makimono just to name a few!, Dessert anyone? Come try our new red bean and Nigori fried ice cream (with a taste of coconut)!, Our social crew at Crudo can't wait to see you this week for the launch of our  new cocktail menu! An Elder Scroll martini and before you know it, you're into a One Night Stand maki roll. Don't forget to finish your night with a decadent Happy Ending!, https://youtu.be/OlPPX55wCHo check us out on wicked bites., null, Great pic of our Social Mule made with English cucumber, sweet ginger, organic sake and Regatta ginger beer.. Great for anytime of day or night., Street Credit belongs to:
 @christinediorio 
 #straightouttaboston 
#Sushi #sake #socialize, Check us out in Hospitality Design great read., Great pic of our salad Shiso healthy from Alex our bartender, come by for lunch open everyday at 11:30a, Very excited to be serving lunch everyday at 11:30am starting tomorrow. #northend #sushi #nowservinglunch, Thank you Voss Water!!, It's always taco tuesday here at Crudo. Come in for our pink tacos. Follow us on twitter @crudoboston for all things crudo., Thank you to the @wickedbitestv crew for coming in tonight! #nesn #northend #boston #sushi, Great shot from Emporium design second floor dining area. #sushi #sake #Socialize, Stop in for one of our hibiscus mint juleps made with rye whiskey and some love., null, Nothing better than our 8ball on a nice sunny day. #triple8 #blueberry #mint #amaretto #limocello, Head over to Crudo to try our Oyster pearls and lettuce wraps prepared by chef Ken, Please join us as our doors are officially open. Boston's newest #Social #Dining #Destination, We couldn't be more proud and more excited than to begin our long journey and welcome everyone to Crudo. Doors open tomorrow at 5pm! #social #dining #destination, Friends and family night. #boston #sushi #sake, We just wrapped up an amazing first night with friends and family. Thanks to all who came and a great job to the staff! The booze was flowing and the beats were banging., Training starts today!!, Please follow us on twitter @crudoboston for all things crudo. The restaurant is looking great and we are very excited to bring you what we feel will be an amazing dining experience. #staytuned #openingverysoon, Happy international sushi day! #social #dining #openingveryverysoon, Chef Ken hard at work preparing dishes with the chefs!! Opening very soon., Still hiring bartenders and food runners. Send resume to info@crudoboston or if you wanna stop by the guys will be there all week! #sushi #sake #boston, Doors opening very soon! #Sushi #Sake #Socialize, Wishing everyone a safe and fun memorial day weekend!, Great turnout today! We will be onsite tomorrow holding interviews for all positions from NOON - 5PM at 78 Salem ST., Hiring for all positions:
Server.
Mixologist/bartender.
Barback.
Porter.
Hostesses.
Line cooks.
Sushi chefs.
Dishwashers.
Please send resume to info@crudoboston 
Hiring on site Tuesday May 19th and May 20th
78 Salem St Boston, Loving the progress! We are in the home stretch!! #openingsoon #staytuned, null, null)