List(Hi Friends! We're still alive and kickin'! We miss you all somethin' awful and are well on our way to getting our feet back on the ground. Keep an eye out for updates on the reopening date in the next couple weeks and maybe even a pop up!! Thanks for all the support and stickin' with us! Hope to see you all again soon!, A message from Mayor Curley himself - "Keep your EYES and EARS open for the location/times of our Pop-Up Burger Night event in March!", jm Curley will be back in March 2016 for another term! Don't forget Curley's LAW & ORDER!, Extensive water damage but... WE'LL BE BACK!! - The Curley Crew, WE ARE CLOSED FOR REPAIRS...stay tuned 
http://conta.cc/1RaHsHa, Hey friends, a frozen pipe burst above Jm Curley, and is keeping us quite busy at the moment... we will be closed until further notice!! See you soon!, New NOMS for our boozy Sat-Mon brunch from 11:30-3. Don't miss out! #bostoneats #boozybruching #downtowncrossing, Sorry folks- but we are closed this evening due to a mechanical issue. We shall see your friendly faces tomorrow!, Last minute maintenance tonight that has us closing up shop for the day. Looks like we'll be seeing you tomorrow!, Don't forget to come in for Prime Rib Monday in Bogie's Place tomorrow at 7pm! Tickets are a steal at $40 which includes a wedge salad, loaded baked potato, seasonal veggie, and 12 oz. medium-rare prime rib. All reservations can be made through laurel@jmcurleyboston.com, Happy new year friends! Just a heads up we'll be closing up shop tomorrow for some routine sprucing! See ya Monday, Don't miss out on our New Years party today from 12-6. $50 a person gets you all you can eat and 2 drink tickets!, HAPPY NEW YEAR YA'LL! Be sure to come in today and party with us from 12-6. $50 a person gets all you can eat and 2 drink tickets. Don't start off 2016 as a party pooper!, Just a heads up folks that we'll be closing up shop a bit early New Year's Eve. Doors will be closing at 8pm so be sure to spend your last day of 2015 with us!, Get 2016 started right with a brunch and booze party celebrating the New Year and our anniversary! From 12-6 New Years Day for $50 a head its all you can eat and 2 drink tickets. Lets chase all the hangovers away!

https://www.facebook.com/events/1531542207164714/, Listen up! Today only Narragansett will be donating $1 to toys for tots for every picture posted with a hashtag #lagerday 
Get in on the giving!, Don't forget to come in for Prime Rib Monday in Bogie's Place tomorrow at 7pm! Tickets are a steal at $40 which includes a wedge salad, loaded baked potato, seasonal veggie, and 12 oz. medium-rare prime rib. All reservations can be made through laurel@jmcurleyboston.com, Finally, all of your dreams have come true! Curley's is hiring hosts to welcome our guests into our home. Come join our team and be awesome. All inquiries can be sent to laurel@jmcurleyboston.com, Be sure to host your own private Power Lunch in Bogie's Place! Reservations can be made through laurel@jmcurleyboston.com, Pals! We need a host with a great smile and even greater personality. All inquiries can be sent to laurel@jmcurleyboston.com, Let there be burgers! 

https://www.zagat.com/l/boston/the-10-best-burgers-in-boston?utm_campaign=-&utm_medium=social&utm_source=twitter&utm_content=Boston&utm_term=, Let us rid you of your case of the Mondays! 

http://www.thevoiceofdowntownboston.com/hearty-downtown-brunches-to-start-the-week/, It's happening.. #backtothefutureday is in full effect and this is our new special made just for you!, It's almost Back To The Future week! Starting tomorrow we'll have fun new Back To The Future menu items for you. Stay tuned!, Such a great list- feeling all the happy feels. 

Be sure to check us out and enjoy a cocktail or two. 

http://boston.eater.com/maps/best-boston-cocktail-bars, We're open this holiday Monday for Cold Tea brunch! Come by and hang out with us., Thanks for the love!, Want to win tickets to the next Prime Rib Monday in Bogie's Place? Easy.. Post a picture of your favorite Curley's food, tag us, and cross your fingers! 

The winner will receive two tickets and an unforgettable evening in our speakeasy. 

https://www.eventbrite.com/e/prime-rib-mondays-at-bogies-place-tickets-18463828809?aff=eac2, tickets are selling fast for this Monday's Prime Rib! Come and get it!
https://www.eventbrite.com/e/prime-rib-mondays-at-bogies-place-tickets-18463831818, Come visit us every Monday for our #ColdTea industry brunch!, Thanks for the love! #ColdTea Monday is launched and waiting to see all of your faces! 

http://boston.eater.com/2015/9/14/9322313/jm-curley-brunch-bogies-place-prime-rib, Get excited! #ColdTea starts tomorrow and will run every Monday from 12-4. Here's a sneak peek of the yumminess to ensue!, Good news! Starting Sept. 21st every Monday Bogie's Place will draw its curtain for Prime Rib Monday! You can purchase event tickets through Eventbrite. Don't miss out- tickets are going fast! 

https://www.eventbrite.com/e/prime-rib-mondays-at-bogies-place-tickets-18463828809?aff=eac2, Just a heads up friends- we'll be closing a wee bit early tonight at 1am.  Come hang out with us until then!, Don't miss out on our first ever industry brunch- #ColdTea 

Every Monday starting Sept. 14th from 12-4 we'll be serving up sliders, boozy cocktails, and a whole lot more. #industrybrunch #industrylife #breakfastforvikings #bostoneats #downtowncrossing, Closed for Labor Day friends! Stay safe and have lots of fun- we'll see you tomorrow!, Hey folks! Just a heads up- we'll be closing down our kitchen early tonight at 8:30pm. So get your butts in here and join us for drinks!, We have a challenge for ya folks! 

Starting tonight until we say so..
Meatloaf sando- mushroom aioli, chips, bbq, pickles, and a side of fries. 

Eat two at 12$ each and get 50% off the second one! Shot of fernet (21+) to soothe the belly. Let's get it done!, Good afternoon amigos! Just a friendly reminder that we'll be closed today to celebrate America and its big day. Be safe everyone and enjoy the sunshine!, Happy #nationalburgerday !! 

http://nesn.com/2015/04/jm-curley-boston-chops-bristol-lounge-have-bostons-best-burgers-video/, Hey ya'll- just a heads up that tomorrow we will be closed for Memorial Day. See you Tuesday!, Check it out, our speakeasy steakhouse Bogie's Place is getting some love from Adam Richman and the Travel Channel! 

http://www.travelchannel.com/shows/man-finds-food, Get in on our new late night #familymeal 
Chefs whim, high life pony, & a fernet!, null, The rumors are true folks! From now on every Saturday our doors will be open to you for lunch at 11:30 #hiphiphooray, Late start today guys- we'll be opening at 5!, Hey friends- just a heads up we'll be closed Easter Sunday, but be sure to head over to Merrill & Co for some epic brunching. Cheers!, Hi there friends! Guess what?! We're hiring! JmC needs another bartender. Experience working in a busy bar and solid beer/classics knowledge requested; amazing personality and dyno-mite work ethic required! If you're looking for a gig where you work hard to play hard and get to be yourself behind the stick AND you want to be adopted by this wonderful family of weirdos, please send your resume as an attachment to both mat@ and tracy@ jmcurleyboston.com. Please also include a snippet about yourself. Also: Batman or Superman? Why?, we are looking for a part-time host! if you wanna be a part of our team and make some extra cash flow, please email mat@jmcurleyboston.com, NEW SPECIALS! #wegotapig, It's Munch Madness time! VOTE FOR US! #munchmadness, In order to celebrate St. Patty's day with the rest of Boston, jm Curley will be closed Tuesday the 17th. See you on Wednesday! Cheers!, hey folks! we are closed tomorrow (Sunday) and for lunch on Monday for routine maintenance. We will re-open at 5:00 pm Monday!, we are looking for a new floor manager! if you know anyone who is interested, email our GM at mat@jmcurleyboston.com, dont forget to also check us out on twitter and instagram! both are @jmcurleybar 
cheers!, WE ARE #openinBOS, We are open today!, Remember a looooooong time ago we had trivia? You loved it! We loved it too, but alas jm Curley was just too small to host any longer. At that time we said, hey if we only had 100 more seats, we'd be all over it. Well, we still don't have room for trivia, but MERRILL & CO. does! They have launched trivia with our very own Trivia Dave from the days of old and he'll be there for your random fact needs every Tuesday starting at 8 pm! See you there! And while you're at it grab one of these... the Ma-Fallo Sando created by Chef Bauers, with Fried Chicken Strips, Maple-Buffalo Sauce, Cheddar, Fried Egg on French Toast or maybe a dozen oysters. Great, now I'm starving., just a friendly reminder due to the weather this week - if the T is closed, we're closed! stay safe., hey all, we will be open from 1:00 pm - 2 am on Monday the 19th! see you then., CLOSED TOMORROW AND MONDAY. cleaning day. then jm curley family fun. we appreciate y'all!, Two hours left to get your tickets for NYE! Prime rib, punch bowls, champagne of beers midnight toast...and no douchebags. Get your tickets meow!, Hey friends! Come #dropitlikeitshot with us this NYE! Tickets are still up for grabs on eventbrite.com, come join us for NYE!
https://www.eventbrite.com/e/2nd-annual-jm-curley-nye-extravaganza-tickets-14767192069?ref=ebritebostw, Hey friends, just a heads up that tomorrow we'll be closed for lunch.  See you at dinner!, It's a STONE TAP TAKEOVER! 
On draft now- stone IPA, arrogant bastard, and 12.12.12 vertical epic. 

12.12.12's keg is a limited release and today is it's two year release date anniversary. Come try it!, null, We have 4 new cocktails on our menu as of today and they are bangarang!

SWEATER WEATHER
HANKY PANKY
RABBLE ROUSER 
& BOBBY'S BONES, Friendly reminder! 
We have a kick ass sour oak chip cider on draft from our collaboration with Downeast Cider House 
#comeandgetit, Oh the weather outside is weather.. And these girls braved it for YOU, http://www.foodnetwork.com/restaurants/photos/welcome-to-boston-a-newcomers-eating-tour.html, We do love our Fernet, Come spend Saturday with us, doors open at 5!, NOM. Pork belly corndog nugs, maple braised with a&w BBQ #forthewin #eatyourheartout #theneatsomemore, we are closed tomorrow and re-open for lunch Friday at 11:30. happy turkey day!, http://punchdrink.com/articles/the-best-craft-cocktail-bars-in-boston/, You should do this! Kevin, Bryn & Daren will show you the in's and out's of carbonating drinks at home., cornbread is back and it's sexier than ever., we're looking for a part-time hostess! please send all inquiries to lauren@jmcurleyboston.com!, http://www.bostonglobe.com/lifestyle/food-dining/2014/10/28/would-you-care-for-golden-girls-french-toast-double-awesome-filthy-andy-style-sandwich-cheeky-names-are-spicing-local-menus/v0L5Yk0ZF21XnQOr6ZZjHN/story.html, i've been up to eatin' delicious steaks! what have you been up to?
http://www.thrillist.com/eat/boston/02111/bogies-place-at-jm-curley, new fall cocktails! 🍁🍃🍂, jm Curley is looking for a full-time day food runner! monday-friday 11 am to 4 pm! easy peasy money! send inquiries to suz@jmcurleyboston.com!, rejoice! fried pickles. on the menu. all day, everyday., thanks for the great article, boston barhopper!
http://www.boston-barhopper.com/2014/09/19/jm-curley/#sthash.xhloTj3q.8JuaxzzM.dpbs, http://www.today.com/food/national-cheeseburger-day-here-are-three-easy-cheeseburger-recipes-top-1D80157799, Today's the day! CLOSED to celebrate two wonderful women and their "I do's." See you all Saturday!!!, the brides just stopped by while on their way to get their rings and programs! everyone looks happy and calm. can't wait for friday! oh, and if you forgo, the day after tomorrow... we're closed! #lesandlish, keep your countdown clock updated... 4 more days til CLOSED for the wedding!, 6 days people. 6 days til we're closed for the wedding!, Ladies and gentlemen, the countdown begins. 7 days until we are closed to celebrate the wedding of our very own Elicia and her lady love Leslie! We are sooooo excited!!! Love you both so much., crab rangoon nachos and an essence of autumn burger (ground duck breast, asian pear slaw, and bleu on an autumn spiced roll), https://m.facebook.com/story.php?story_fbid=586397201465768&id=139755792796580, crab rangoon nachos... oh no we di'int. oh yes we did!, well, we're all out of del's shandy so it must mean labor day and the end of summer is approaching! time to get those last rays of sunshine in... jm Curley will be CLOSED SUNDAY 8/31 and MONDAY 9/1. See you at the beach!, we are looking for a door guy for the fall and winter months. thursday, friday, and saturday nights. if you know anyone who would like to join our team, email lauren@jmcurleyboston.com!, To our valued guests and friends, we will be opening one hour later than usual on this beautiful Saturday. Our apologies for any inconvenience! Hours of operation tonight: 6 pm to 2!, some new specials for you all!, hey, did you hear? kevin mabry is the "best" bartender in boston! we always thought so, and now it's official! love ya, kevie!!!, UPDATE: Curley's kitchen is closed for the remainder of the evening due to equipment malfunction and extreme heat. Our apologies for the inconvenience and thank you for your understanding! You know it's hot when your grill, oven and flat top say 'f@#% this!', to our loyal patrons: we will not be offering our late night menu this evening due to extreme heat in our kitchen. we appreciate your understanding!, null, http://www.bostonmagazine.com/restaurants/blog/2014/07/15/great-late-night-food-boston/?fb_action_ids=10203661524274758&fb_action_types=og.recommends&fb_source=other_multiline&action_object_map=%5B758570414206943%5D&action_type_map=%5B%22og.recommends%22%5D&action_ref_map=%5B%5D, hey everyone! just a heads up, we will be OPEN FROM 11:30 AM to 5:00 PM this FRIDAY JULY 4th with an extended lunch menu! see you then!, null, Happy PRIDE everyone!!!, Dear Everyone, 

We love you dearly. We also love our burger. We also love our sanity. Please help us dig out of "burgatory" and take a gander at the rest of the menu, it's kind of awesome too. We would be so very happy! You want us to be happy right?!

Love, your friends at jm Curley, it's #NegroniWeek! and not only do we have an amazing bottled cocktail for you to get your passport stamped, we also have dessert! Come get your spruce tip infused plymouth gin, jmC amber vermouth & Campari carbonated love AND negroni carrot cake awesomeness., hey everyone! just a heads up, we will be CLOSED UNTIL 5:30 PM this FRIDAY MAY 23rd to help some wonderful people celebrate their wedding day!, Starting now for the next few weeks!, null, All the menu items for the next few weeks!, Check out our sister restaurants Executive Chef, Jason Cheek, as he dishes out what's in store down there in the South End. , so I think we're a pretty awesome spot for a first date, it's true. but perhaps not a first date, EVERY NIGHT of the week kinda spot. that's right folks we've got a serial dater on our hands. more power to ya bro, but ladies of boston beware! (now I'm talking to you serial dater, violate any of the rules and you know what happens!), We cannot WAIT to be a big a brother! Gonna teach the little guy everything we know., just had a Bogie's Place cancellation for tonight! we can take a party of 4 anywhere from 5 to 6:30 pm. who wants it?!, yay! we are SO ready! are you?! Curley's does now/will have late night food til 1 am everynight everybody! we gots burgers, we gots chicken lil' sandos, we gots fried pickles, deviled eggs, pate and such! you know you want it, now come and get it and keep riding the t!!!, hey friends, 
by show of hands... if we decided to partner with one of the online ordering systems, would you contact us for take out?, Just tapped: Stone Grapefruit Slam IPA! Run. Don't walk., General rule of thumb: if the T is open, we are open! Come on down for all your food and beverage needs., Opening the doors at 5pm! Come in and then we'll roll to Eastern Standard once we close for Kevin Martin's last night!, Apologies work warriors! No Curley's burgers for lunch today. We'll be back in business for dinner though. See you at 5!, Sooo... you know Curley's is open on Sunday's now but the Super Bowl is coming up and you already made party plans! Eek! Obviously we KNOW you'd rather watch the big game with your favorite bar in the world but we understand a commitment is a commitment. So we have a GREAT IDEA! Why not be the friend that brings Curley burgers to the Super Bowl party?! And holy crap, we're also doing to-go CHICKEN WINGS for ONE NIGHT ONLY! That's right folks: Super Bowl Party Kits courtesy of jm Curley. Burgers, Fries, Wings all wrapped up and ready for pick up. Interested? Email me to hear more, get a menu and place your order! suz@jmcurleyboston.com, I don't know why this makes me think of the m&m guys meet santa commercial... thank you eater! we love that we're still wow-in' ya!


http://boston.eater.com/archives/2014/01/23/ramen-lasagna-is-a-thing-that-exists.php, Check out our new Bauer's Big Board! Everything from Ramen Lasagna to homemade honey-marshmallow S'mores with bacon. New bottled beers too...Spencer Trappist Ale & Dieu de Ciel Rosée d'Hibiscus., don't forget! SUNDAY! SUNDAY! SUNDAY! at 5., Hey there! So ah, we're opening Sundays. Starting next week January 19th from 5 - 10 pm for dinner and til midnight for those last ditch adult beverage needs before your Monday. So yeah, that is all. Thanks!, Check out pics from the newest Bauer's Big Board. Holy delicious Batman! Come and get em...be sure to ask your server about the current Offal offering. See you soon friends., Friends! Help! I need an IT guy, stat! I'll buy you a burger... ;), Closed for lunch today, Friday January 3rd to dig out and keep our staff safe from the cold. We'll be back at it for dinner at 5. Stay warm everyone!, Holy Moly! We're all sold out of tickets for tonight's NYE Extravaganza! We look forward to seeing everyone with tickets tonight and those of you not joining us we wish you all a very HAPPY NEW YEAR!!! Bring on 2014!, Happy 2nd Birthday jm Curley! Thank you to everyone who has made this year so special. #friendsinhospitality, #regularsarefamily, and especially the staff! Elicia, Kyle, Nicole, Tay-Tay, Conor, Swish, Tracy, Watson, Berg, Lidy, Izzy, Emily, Bauers, Mark, Steve, Juan, Fernando, Johana, Antonio, Pickle and Lauren! I really hope I didn't forget anyone! Annnnd... Minetta, Dpal, PMags, Marky O'leary and everyone else who has made jm Curley the most special bar in town! We love you! Love, Mama Hat & Kevie, We hope everyone had a wonderful Christmas! Just a reminder that jm Curley is closed all week for winter break. We'll see you on Monday at 5!, Thank you to guest chefs Jason Cheek, Executive chef of forthcoming Merrill and Co. in Boston's South End, and Rocio Varela, Executive chef of The St. Regis in Rio Grande, Puerto Rico for an amazing dinner. Thanks also to all of our generous guests and volunteers. The charities designated by the chefs were Lovin' Spoonfuls (Jason) and St. Jude's Hospital (Rocio). Special thanks to Revelry coordinator, Vanessa Varela, chef ambassador, Jamie Bissonnette and photographer, Tara Morris of Tara Morris Images. We're grateful to everyone who participated in and attended the dinners. Thank you., Hello Friends! While we're at it, let's go ahead and mention our WINTER VACATION!!! WOOOOOOOO! jm Curley (& Bogie's Place) will be CLOSED the week of Christmas from Dec. 22nd through Dec. 29th. We will re-open at 5 pm for dinner on Monday Dec. 30th. We will be recharging our batteries and enjoying our friends and families who have undoubtedly missed us for the past two AMAZING years.  We love you all and are grateful for your continued support and patronage. Can't wait to see you 2014!!!, CLOSED FOR LUNCH & MID-DAY TODAY, December 19th! We're hosting a holiday party and helping them get their cheer on! Curley's will re-open for regular service at 6 pm. See you then!!, Last chance for tickets! , null, Looking for the perfect and unique gift for the holidays? Why not Victorian caviar service at Bogie's Place located within jm Curley?!
Now until Saturday the 21st we are offering Bogie's Place Caviar Gift Cards, a $120 value for only $100! Call 617-338-5333, email me at info@bogiesplace.com or just come on by to pick up such a special gift! jm Curley "Curley Bucks" are also available! Happy Holidays, everyone!, ladies and gents, boys and girls! if you're out on the town tonight and feel like a hot steaming bowl of "spaghettiO's" our very own Sammy Monsour and special guest Mark O'Leary are cooking some up ramen style! Bowls will be available at midnight and proceeds are benefitting US Veterans. 


http://boston.eater.com/archives/2013/12/11/spaghettios-popup-at-jm-curley-wahlburgers-teaser.php, Thanks to Business Insider for including us on their list. Thanks to all of our loyal customers who have supported us, and congratulations to our staff and all of the other small businesses on the list. Come on in and say hello soon., Join us for a private party on New Year's Eve. There are 2 ticket options, including guaranteed seating, passed appetizers, full buffet, drink specials and no lines. Click on the link for more details and to purchase tickets., It's a great day for Mac & Cheese in a cast iron skillet. We're open for dinner on Saturdays at 5., Tickets are now available for our final Revelry for Charity Dinner on December 15th. We're excited to welcome chefs Jason Cheek, Executive Chef of forthcoming South End restaurant, Merrill & Co., and Rocio Varela, Executive Chef of The St. Regis in Rio Grande, Puerto Rico. We hope you can join us to support 2 charities chosen by the chefs. Thank you., We're honored to be included on Thrillist's "Best Cocktail Bars in Boston" list. Thank you to our awesome regulars and everyone who has visited us, and congratulations to Brick & Mortar, The Gallows, Drink, The Hawthorne, Eastern Standard Kitchen & Drinks., Tremendous debut from Chef Chris Bauers on our new specials board., Chef Chris Bauers--Episode 1, Very thankful and grateful for our dedicated staff, loyal customers, purveyors/partners, families, neighbors, friends, Industry brothers & Sisters, and everyone who has supported us throughout the year. Enjoy the day., Open normal hours tonight. Closed Thanksgiving. Closed for lunch on Friday. Open 5pm Friday and Saturday. Come see us tonight in DTX. Cheers to a great day tomorrow., Congratulations to jm Curley bartender, Tracy Latimer on winning the Espolòn Tequila Cocktail Fight at Precinct Bar!! Tracy brings the belt home to gritty Temple Place after competing with some of the best bartenders in the Boston area. So proud., Thank you to Chef Josh Lewin from Boston's Beaconhillhotel Boston (Beacon Hill Bistro), Chef Richard Kuo from Pearl & Ash in NYC, and everyone who attended and volunteered for a tremendous evening. The charities designated by the chefs were Ground Operations: Battlefields to Farmfields (Josh) and Fred Hutchinson Cancer Research Center (Richard). Thanks to Tavern Road for the after party love. Awesome pics by Tara Morris of Tara Morris Images., Congratulations to our bar manager, Kevin Mabry on being named Eater Boston's Bartender of the year!!, Tickets are still available for our November Revelry For Charity dinner on Sunday, 11/24. Guest chefs are Josh Lewin from Beacon Hill Bistro in Boston and Richard Kuo from Pearl & Ash in NYC. Patrick Cappiello, wine director at Pearl & Ash, will be pairing wines/beverages. Join us for a tremendous night of food and drink, and to support two great causes designated by the chefs, Ground Operations-Battlefields to Farmlands, and Fred Hutchinson Cancer Research Center. After party is Tavern Road at 10:30. Thank you., Congratulations to our bar manager, Kevin Mabry on being nominated for Eater Boston's Bartender of the Year award. Kevin is in some great company in the lineup of nominees. Please take a moment to vote. Thank you., Over the past two years we've been grateful to see so many people come through jm Curley. We all feel truly fortunate for the success we've had so far and we have so many people to thank. Our staff has seen it all and dealt with the highest of highs and lowest of lows that come with working in the hospitality industry. Our regulars are amazing. They come day after day and have seen this restaurant go through numerous changes all with the intentions of offering them a better experience. Our kitchen staff works relentlessly to create consistently delicious, thought-provoking food. 

Chef Samuel Monsour has been with us from the beginning and boy we've been through A LOT! We've sat on the raw floor with dust settling around the newly-poured concrete bar to the early hours of the morning talking menu design and development in the Fall of 2011 before we opened jm Curley. 2 years later the progress has been significant and other opportunities are on the horizon for all of us. Chef Sam has chosen to embrace several entrepreneurial opportunities to advance himself and his career. We're saddened he's leaving us at the end of the year but we know he's going to open up one hell of jewelry shop one day. We wish him the best of luck and will always be here to support him if he needs help along the way. 

Stepping into his big shoes is our Sous Chef, Chris Bauers, who has been with us for over a year now. Formerly of Sel de la Terre, Eastern Standard and Upstairs on the Square, he comes with a wealth of experience and savvy kitchen skills that we are excited for him to showcase. "Sammy's 7" will now become "Bauer's Big Board" and you can guarantee there will be many creations to look forward to. 

Our focus will remain the same through this transition; to be a mainstay neighborhood bar in the Downtown Crossing community that will always push the envelope and prioritize hospitality.

Cheers and many thanks for reading!

-jm Curley Owners & Management, null, The Black(out) Menu, We'll be open early (11am) on Saturday for the Boston Red Sox championship parade. Last call will be at 3pm, closed from 4-5, reopening for normal dinner service at 5pm. There will be no food served (except popcorn) from 11-4. If you're downtown, come on by and join us. #DrinkDTX, World Series Champion Boston Red Sox. What a great story. Thanks to everyone who joined us all season long. Congratulations, Boston., We'll have the volume on for the World Series. If you haven't used Uber yet, you can receive a $20 credit for your first ride to or from jm Curley on a World Series game night by using promo code: JMCurlysSOX. Spelled so wrong but so right... #GoSox, Congratulations to our bar manager, Kevin Mabry. Looking forward to a great night @ Lincoln Tavern and Restaurant with BostInno and everyone else on November 6th., Thank you to Chef Michael Serpa from Neptune Oyster in Boston's North End, and Chef Ryan Trimm from Sweet Grass and Next Door in Memphis, TN, and everyone who attended. Proceeds from the dinner went to Animal Rescue League of Boston. Pics by Tara Morris of Tara Morris Images., We have 3 tickets left to our Revelry for Charity Dinner on Sunday evening. Guest chefs are Michael Serpa from Neptune Oyster in Boston and Ryan Trimm from Sweet Grass in Memphis, TN. Michael's designated charity is the Animal Rescue League of Boston. Please join us if you can, or meet up with us at the after-party at Tavern Road. Thank you., Before the first pitch is thrown, let the trash-talk begin. Which city has better food? #GoSox, We're thrilled for our friends, Tim Maslow, Theresa Paopao, and the whole team at Ribelle in Brookline on their 4-star review in today's The Boston Globe. Congratulations!, Everything You Want When You're Drunk-Part I, Thanks to everyone following us on Facebook and Twitter. We just hit 3,000 followers on Twitter. Join the party here. Thank you. #GoSox #BostonProud, Thanks to Richard Auffrey for this great post on our Four Roses Bourbon lunch. Come on in and try some., Our "Breaking Bad" specials menu will be extended thru Saturday, 10/19. Also, we will be open normal hours on Monday, Columbus Day. Have a great, long weekend. #GoSox #GoPatriots, Thanks to Rachel Cossar, and The Daily Meal, for including our Seasonal Collins in the "Top Ten Fall Beverages in the Greater Boston Area." Come on in and try one, or two..., Thanks for including us, Eater Boston. How many of these Boston area restaurants have you been to?, Dinner specials this week, nightly from 5pm., Thank you, BostInno!!! Our new "Sammy's 7" specials board is live, inspired by #GoodByeBreakingBad., #GoodbyeBreakingBad, Family meal pizza from Tim Maslow, Theresa Paopao and our brothers & sisters at ribelle in Brookline. Thank you. #UnitedWeStand #FriendsInHospitality, FYI, we'll be closed today from 2-5 for staff training. Sorry for any inconvenience. We'll reopen at 5:00 for normal dinner service, including our new "Sammy's 7" specials board, inspired by the conclusion of Breaking Bad. Thank you., We're participating in Whisky Live on Wednesday night at the Park Plaza Castle. Come on by and sample some of the best scotches, bourbons, and whiskies from around the world. Click on the link for more details and tix. Enter "jmcurley" @ promotion code to save 20% on cost of tix. Please stop by and say hello to our bar guys, Kevin Mabry and Daren Swisher at the event. Thank you., Looking forward to a great night w/guest chefs, Kevin O'Donnell from The Salty Pig in Boston, and Scott Drewno from The Source by Wolfgang Puck in Washington DC, cooking at Revelry for Charity Dinner. Please join us for the after-party at Tavern Road at 10. #FriendsInHospitality, Thank you to guest chefs Kevin O'Donnell from The Salty Pig in Boston and Scott Drewno from The Source in Washington D.C. Pics by Tara Morris of Tara Morris Images., Stay tuned to chef Samuel Monsour on twitter @samuelmonsour, and @jmcurleybar for updates on our "Breaking Bad" send off specials board, beginning on Tuesday, 10/1 at 5pm., Last call. There are only a few tix left to our Revelry for Charity Dinner on Sunday, 9/29, featuring guest chefs Kevin O'Donnell from The Salty Pig in Boston, and Scott Drewno from The Source. by Wolfgang Puck in DC. We love these evenings. Great people breaking bread for some great causes. Please join us if you can, or come say hello at the after party at Tavern Road in Fort point. Thank you., FYI, we are closed tomorrow, Wednesday, 9/25, from 1:30 to 5:00 for a private event. The event is 3 short seminars sponsored by USBG Boston and Oxley Gin. Jamie Evans, Oxley Brand Ambassador, Will Thompson of Drink (Fort Point), and @Ryan Mcgrale of Tavern Road will be presenting. If you are a bartender or cocktail geek, please click on the link for more information. Thank you., Congratulations, Boston Red Sox. Great job, Steve Silva., We're quickly closing in on 3,000 twitter followers. Please join us @jmcurleybar, or just click on the link. Yes, there's a surprise for the 3,000th follower!!, Here's a tip of the cap to all of our loyal regulars. Frank Bruni does a great job of capturing how important regulars are. Thank you, and thanks to jmC regular, Vanessa Yip, for sharing this NYT piece., Huge love and support to our dear friends, Vanessa Varela, Julio Ricardo Varela, their entire family, and their brother, Fernando Varela, who is a finalist on tonight's America's Got Talent, at 9PM, live from Radio City Music Hall. Fernando's group, FORTE, is one of 6 final acts competing for $1million, and the title of AGT's Most Talented Act in America. Voting is from 11pm to 1am following the show. Please vote for Forte, if they move you to do so. Thank you., Before we roll out the new Specials Board tomorrow at 5 pm c'mon in for a couple of LAST CHANCE SPECIALS from this awesome board brought to you by our Stevie! The Wild Boar Hot Dog and Roasted Pork Shoulder Flatbread are still available in limited amounts! , Shhhhhhhh....., Tix for September Revelry for Charity Dinner are live EventbriteBoston. We're grateful to welcome Chef Kevin O'Donnell from The Salty Pig in Boston, and Chef Scott Drewno from The Source. by Wolfgang Puck in Washington, D.C. We hope you can join us., Guest chefs Alex Saenz from LiNEaGe in Brookline, MA and Ashley Christensen from Poole's Diner, Beasley's Chicken + Honey, Chuck's, and Fox Liquor Bar in Raleigh, NC. Charities chosen by chefs were Lovin' Spoonfuls in Boston, and Frankie Lemmon Foundation in Raleigh. Photos by the one and only Tara Morris at Tara Morris Images., Chef Steve Hacker (aka, Slugger O'Toole) inspires the specials board this time around. Great job, Steve!, We're closed on Monday for Labor Day, reopening on Tuesday, normal hours. Enjoy the long weekend., We're thrilled to welcome guest chefs Alex Saenz of LiNEaGe in Brookline, MA , and @Ashley Christensen of Poole's Diner, Beasley's Chicken + Honey, Chuck's, and Fox Liquor Bar in Raleigh, NC to jm Curley this Sunday for our August Revelry for Charity Dinner. There are a few tix left at the link below. Hope you can make it, and support charities chosen by the chefs., Chef Mark Lutz, world traveler, and assistant pastry chef (to pastry chef, Chris Bauers), takes over the specials board with his inspirations from being broke in his 20's. Come and get em'!!, Thanks to Molly Galler for a great blog post. Next time, boozy milkshakes!!!, Team jm Curley was honored to celebrate w/Ashley Stanley and her team from Lovin' Spoonfuls, at Allandale Farm. Tremendous turnout for one of Boston's best non-profits. Please visit their website, and explore how you can help them rescue food, and bring it to those in need. www.lovinspoonfuls.org, New specials board hits the Metro Newspaper. Available thru Saturday, 8/17., do you have what it takes?, Chef Samuel Monsour seeks inspiration from Wu-Tang Clan. Get some., Friends, who among you wants to join our family? Not gonna lie, the hours are long, the kitchen is HOT, the pace is fast, the managers and staff are full of tough love. BUT, if YOU LOVE jm Curley, hard work, smiling, good times, getting dirty, regulars, fernet and makin' and sellin' memories you might just be what we're looking for in a floor manager. Please send a resume to me, Suzie Dagenais, General Manager at suz@jmcurleyboston.com. At least 2 years in the restaurant industry, please. Major baggage and substance abusers need not apply., Really cool new series from Notch Brewing, where "Man-on-the-Street", Zac Antczak, poses 12 questions to his customers, and anyone he can convince to answer them. His first victim is Michael Moxley of Coda Bar & Kitchen, The Salty Pig, and Canary Square fame. Michael-Thanks for the shout-outs to jmC and Bar Manager, Kevin Mabry. We look forward to seeing you soon., Tix for August Revelry Dinner are live on EventbriteBoston. Really looking forward to having Chefs Alex Sáenz and Ashley Christensen at jm Curley., Congratulations to our friends and upstairs neighbors, Nina Ganci, Brian Rand, and their team @ Trephin Hair Salon. Nina ('color ninja') won one of Boston Magazine's 2013 #BestofBoston awards for Best Hair Colorist. #DTXProud http://www.bostonmagazine.com/best-of-boston/2013/nina-ganci/, Congratulations to Chefs Samuel Monsour, Chris Bauers, Mark Lutz, and our entire team for the burger award in Boston Magazine. Thanks to BoMag for the honor, and thank you to all of our customers for your support., We were honored to break bread with so many great people at the Boston Magazine party at Government Center last night. Congratulations to all of the winners, and to BoMag for executing a tremendous event. Thank you. #BestofBoston #BostonProud, So many lists, so many great burgers in the Boston area. We're honored whenever we're even in the mix. Thank you to our loyal and new customers. We hope to see you soon., Guest chefs Michael Scelfo of Alden & Harlow in Cambridge, MA, and David Bazirgan of Fifth Floor Restaurant and Lounge in San Francisco. Charities chosen by chefs were Lovin' Spoonfuls and Wounded Warriors Family Support. Special thanks to Chubo Knives., Follow us on twitter @jmcurleybar, our bar manager, Kevin Mabry @Mabez27, and our Exec Chef, Sam Monsour @samuelmonsour., Chef Chris Bauers, and his inspirations, take over the board., We're closed on Sundays, but if you're wicked smart you'll stop in and say hello to our brothers and sisters at Stoddard's Fine Food & Ale on gritty Temple Place. Door opens at 3:00. #GreatNeighbors #DrinkDTX, Our kitchen will be open for normal dinner service at 5:00 this evening. Thank you to our friends and neighbors at Stoddard's Fine Food & Ale for bringing over free appetizers for our guests and staff last night. A real touch of class, and greatly appreciated. So proud to be part of the Boston restaurant community. #DTXStrong #BostonProud #OldSchool, Friends, our kitchen will be closed tonight due to a malfunctioning AC system in our kitchen. We apologize for any inconvenience, but safety first. Our bar will be open tonight. Stay tuned for details on tomorrow night. Thank you., We were honored to have author, Jack Beatty in our house last night. Jack penned, "The Rascal King, The Life and Times of James Michael Curley (1874-1958), An Epic of Urban Politics and Irish America." Jack will also be co-authoring a book with Boston Mayor Tom Menino. Thanks for coming in, Jack, and thanks for the copy of your book., Who's in???? We are., Great day/night for beer cocktails!!! Congratulations, Kevin Mabry and jmC bar staff, and thanks, Thrillist. http://www.thrillist.com/drink/boston/back-bay/these-are-the-5-best-beertails-in-boston?ir=welcome, We love a great greasy spoon meal, so when Eater Boston asked us to help celebrate their National Greasy Spoon Week, we jumped. This week only (until we run out), Chef Samuel Monsour is featuring, "Rocky's BBQ Chicken Pizza," a tip o' the jm Curley top hat to Sammy's days at the CIA in Hyde Park, NY. The Palace Diner in Poughkeepsie, was a favorite, grimy, late-night haunt, after a hard night of partying. Here's to the Palace, and Sammy's favorite waitress, Regina. Cheers. http://boston.eater.com/archives/2013/07/15/eat-these-greasy-spoons-week-specials-now.php, Know any of these guyz?, Thank you, Stephanie and Jack!!!, Tremendous blog post (with great pics), by Nikki Innocent on our June dinner. Tix for July dinner with guest chefs Michael Scelfo from Alden & Harlow in Cambridge, and David Bazirgan from Fifth Floor in San Francisco, will be live on EventbriteBoston by the end of the day today. Thank you., Chef Mark Lutz takes over the specials board, with inspirations from around the world., 2013 Mick Dundee Meat Pie Challenge

 Overall Winner (Average based on 30 points)

#1-(25.28) “Filthy Aussie”  Filthy Sammy Monsour-jm Curley
#2-(23.87) “Lobster Truffle”  Nick Dixon-Lincoln Tavern
#3-(22.73) “Poutine”  James DiSabatino-Roxy’s Grilled Cheese
#4-(22.34) “Dark Horse”  Daren Palacios- Bar guy, jm Curley
#5-(22.15) “Americana”  Sam Jackson-KO Catering & Pies
#6-(21.09) “Bouillabaisse”  Mark Goldberg-Bastille Kitchen, We're very grateful to everyone who came out to support the Meat Pie Madness last night. Thank you for your understanding and flexibility in response to the huge crowd. We're extremely sorry if you were turned away, or made it in after the pies ran out. Here's to a great 4th. Cheers., Chef Samuel Monsour & Ken Oath of KO Catering & Pies throw down the gauntlet to James DiSabatino of Roxy's Gourmet Grilled Cheese, Nicholas P Dixon and John Ross of Lincoln Tavern and Restaurant, Mark Goldberg of Bastille Kitchen, and Daren Palacios (bartender) of jm Curley., Meat Pie Madness grips gritty Temple Place. Come join feisty, Aussie, Sam Jackson from KO at The Shipyard as he takes on Sam "Grime Time" Monsour, and a host of other combatants in a Meat Pie Throwdown on Tuesday night. Pies served beginning at 11pm. Winner, "Prince of Pies", will be voted on by you, and crowned in the wee hours of Wednesday. Join the tough talk on twitter @jmcurleybar., Guest chefs Matt Jennings of Farmstead, Inc. in Providence, RI and Jeremy Fox of Rustic Canyon Wine Bar and Seasonal Kitchen in Santa Monica, CA., Welcome to Boston, Chef Jeremy Fox! Jeremy is Executive Chef at the highly-acclaimed Rustic Canyon Wine Bar and Seasonal Kitchen in Santa Monica. He has flown in to join fellow guest chef, Matt Jennings, chef/owner of Farmstead, Inc in Providence, RI for tomorrow's Revelry for Charity dinner. Looking forward to a tremendous evening. Last call for tix (2 left). We hope you can join us., We're honored to host a meet and greet from 7-9 tonight with Master Distiller, "Mr. Four Roses," Jim Rutledge. Jim is a member of the inaugural class of the Bourbon Hall of Fame, and has worked at Four Roses Bourbon for more than 46 years. Please come by and say hello if you're in the neighborhood. Thank you. #DrinkDTX, Master Distiller of Four Roses Bourbon, Jim Rutledge, greats staff and guests at Curley's on 6/27/13., On Sunday, June 30th, we're hosting our next Revelry for Charity dinner featuring Chef Matt Jennings from Farmstead, Inc. in Providence, and Jeremy Fox from Rustic Canyon Wine Bar and Seasonal Kitchen in Santa Monica, CA. Proceeds from this multi-course dinner, paired with beverages, will be donated to charities chosen by the chefs. We hope you can join us., Congratulations to all of the guests, chefs, and staff who collaborated on an amazing dinner on Sunday night to raise money and awareness for American Farmland Trust. We were proud to have all of you in our house., Here we go. Gearing up for an epic night supporting American Farmland Trust with some of the best chefs and customers in the Northeast. Cheers to everyone working and celebrating with us., Raising Money and Awareness for American Farmland Trust w/Matt Jennings of Farmstead, Inc., Jamie Bissonnette of Toro and Coppa Enoteca, Ken Oringer of Clio Restaurant, April Bloomfield of The Spotted Pig, Zak Pelaccio of Fish & Game, Matty Matheson of Parts and Labour, Derek Damann of Maison Publique, Lee Cooper of L'Abbatoir, Rob Gentile of Buca, and Jeremy Charles of Raymond., Looking forward to inviting an incredible group of chefs into jm Curley on Sunday, including April Bloomfield - The Spotted Pig, NYC, Zak Palaccio - Fish & Game, Hudson, NY, Matty Matheson - @Parts & Labour, Toronto, Derek Damann - Maison Publique, Montreal, Lee Cooper - L'Abbatoir, Vancouver, Matt Jennings - Farmstead, Inc., Providence, RI, Rob Gentile - Buca, West Toronto, Jamie Bissonnette - Coppa Enoteca/@Toro, Boston, Jeremy Charles -Raymonds, Newfoundland, and Ken Oringer - Clio Restaurant and more. Please consider joining us if you can to support American Farmland Trust. Last call for tix. Thank you., Thanks to our friend, Andy White (whitewriting), for the care package we received from the UK. These will look great on a shelf behind the bar., Live n' kickin' Cape Cod Co., Chesapeake Bay crabs for tonight's special; Tempura Soft Shell Crab w/Mrs. Maron's Mango Chutney & Sweet Curry-Ginger Dressing., Getting close to last call for tix to the American Farmland Trust  dinner on Sunday w/tremendous group of chefs. Please share this link with your facebook friends, and join us if you can. Thank you., Presented by The Revere Hotel Boston Common, featuring Chef Samuel Monsour with food inspired by The Big Lebowski-6/18/13, Good luck to Chef Michael Scelfo + team representing Alden & Harlow, and Boston, in the COCHON 555 US TOUR #GrandCochon competition tomorrow at FOOD & WINE Classic in Aspen. Bring home the crown, chef! #BostonProud, Come join Chef Sam Monsour and team jm Curley at the The Revere Hotel Boston Common on Tuesday, 6/18. Yeah, he said that..., Recognize any of theze guyz? Come on in and say hello., Thank you to everyone who follows us on twitter. We just crossed the 2,500 mark. Please follow us @jmcurleybar. Thank you., Last week's special donut goes prime time w/Jacki Morisi, Just Add Cheese, and BostInno. After all, Friday was National Donut Day. #GoBruins, Stuff we have now. Come on in., It's a great night for a burger, fried chicken, or steak and a sweep. GO BRUINS!!!, Our executive chef, Sameul Monsour discusses the art of making sausage, and why he hand-grinds it; "It puts me in tune with the way sausage-making was 200 years ago, in the early professional kitchens," he says, "It feels like honoring the trade." Thanks to Kara Baskin for including us in this The Boston Globe piece., Thanks to Jessica Polizzotti and USA TODAY Travel for including us on the Downtown Boston's 10Best Restaurants List., Big night for our bar manager, Kevin Mabry, competing in the COCHON 555 US TOUR Punch Kings Competition in Denver. Competition is between 10 top bartenders from all over the country. Good luck, Kevin. Bring home the..., Chef Will Gilson of Puritan & Company in Cambridge, MA, and Chef Jason Stratton of Cascina Spinasse in Seattle, WA., Chef Will Gilson from Puritan & Company in Cambridge, MA & Chef Jason Stratton from Cascina Spinasse in Seattle, WA. All photos courtesy of Tara Morris at Tara Morris Images., Last call for tickets for our guest chef, charity dinner on Sunday with Will Gilson and Jason Stratton. Thank you., Have you ever had a beer cocktail? Check out this Eater Boston list, including our bar manager, Kevin Mabry's, "In Fashion.", Pork Party, Still a few tickets available for Sunday, June 2nd, Imbibe and Inspire, guest chef, charity dinner featuring Chef Will Gilson of Puritan & Company in Cambridge, and Chef Jason Stratton of Cascina Spinasse in Seattle. Price includes a multi-course dinner with beverage pairings. Please click on the link below for more information. Thank you., Some good advice from our resident cocktail scientist, Darren Swisher, in this insightful The Boston Globe piece by Luke O'Neil on the Tom Collins. Come on in and try our seasonal collins. We reopen on Tuesday. Enjoy the weekend., Let the holiday weekend begin! We're open normal hours tonight and tomorrow (open @ 5), then closed Sunday and Monday. Enjoy the long weekend., Thanks to Susanna Jackson and everyone at DigBoston for including our concretes. Our ice cream is sourced locally from Richardson's Ice Cream in Middleton, MA., A limited number of tickets are now on sale for our June 2nd Imbibe and Inspire guest chef dinner featuring Chef @Will Gilson of @Puritan & Company in Cambridge, and Chef Jason Stratton of Cascina Spinasse in Seattle. Price includes a multi-course dinner with beverage pairings. We hope you can join us., Cookout Time, Thanks to everyone at Gallivant for the nice piece on jmC and Bogie's., Cookout Time, Thanks to Leah Mennies, Fawn Deviney, and the Boston Magazine team for this great piece on our spring menu items from Chef Samuel Monsour, and our kitchen team. Come and get em'!, Thanks to Eater Boston for including Bogie's Place on their latest Heatmap of where to drink in Boston. For reservations to Bogie's, please call 617-338-5333. Best nights, Mon-Wed. Thank you., Been to Bogie's Place yet? If you're looking for a steak in the jm Curley way, give us a call 617-338-5333 (ask for the steakhouse!) and we'll save you a seat before the graduation crowds descend!, Count Eduardo Branca, of Fernet Branca royalty, rolled into jmC with his entourage, including brand ambassador, Kirsten Amann. Great night. Thank you for including Temple Place on your world tour., Check out this guest blog post by jmC Executive Chef, Samuel Monsour on Chefs Collaborative blog. "Junk Food" on a mission!!! Come on in and try our spring menu., Dozens of Boston restaurants gathered on a gorgeous spring day to at B&G Oysters to break bread and raise money for The Barbara Lynch Foundation and The One Fund Boston, for victims of the Marathon attacks. Team jm Curley was honored to be part of such a great day for our industry and our city., Amazing day yesterday at the B&G Oysters Oyster Invitational. Pics to follow, but we want to thank everyone at Barbara Lynch Gruppo for their gracious hospitality while hosting an incredible event with so many industry brothers and sisters. Such a positive day for our industry and our city, to raise money for some awesome charities, including The One Fund Boston. We're grateful to have been included. (And yes, we even got to meet The Naked Cowboy...), Gearing up for the B&G Oysters Oyster Invitational to raise money for the Boston Marathon bombing victims. We'll be serving our burgers. Please stop by and say hello if you'll be there. Tremendous forecast. Enjoy your day., Tremendous annual event organized by Aaron Cohen to support Ashley Stanley and her team at Lovin' Spoonfuls, bringing food to people in need. Our team was honored to volunteer and be included. Thank you to everyone who participated and attended., Due to our participation in the Bacon and Beer Fest our dinner service will not start until 6:30pm this evening. Sorry for any inconvenience., Bacon and Beer Fest, here we come. Who's in???, Congratulations to jm Curley family member, Elicia Soltesz and Leslie Hostetter on their engagement!! We love you., Looking forward to a great weekend. We're supporting some great charities by participating in the eatBoston Bacon and Beer Festival at the House of Blues Boston on Saturday and the B&G Oysters Oyster Invitational on Sunday, as well as the usual festivities at jm Curley tonight and tomorrow night. Come on by and say hello!, New "Sammy's 7" Special: Hot Dog w/local, fried, whole belly clams, slaw, on grilled buttery roll, topped w/Creole Remoulade. Summer's coming! PS-Stop and say hello to our motley at the Bacon & Beer Fest this weekend., New Sammy's 7 board starts tonight! Come in and get famous., For reservations to Bogie's Place, our casual steakhouse, please email info@bogiesplace.com, or call 617-338-6333. Thank you., Thanks to our friends at Richardson's Ice Cream in Middleton, MA for providing us with awesome, fresh, local Ice Cream for our concretes. Tremendous weather forecast. Have a great weekend, everyone., Thanks to James and Aida for their kind words and cool blog post., Thank you to Chef Chris Pandel, his team, and everyone who attended our Revelry for Charity dinner last night to support some great nonprofit organizations. We are grateful., Revelry for Charity Dinner to benefit Bina Farm and The One Fund. Thank you to Chef Chris Pandel and his team for an awesome evening for some great causes. Photos by Tara Morris., Glad that's over. Time to focus on eating and drinking again. There are still a few seats left for our 4th Imbibe & Inspire, Revelry for Charity dinner tomorrow night, Sunday 4/21. This month we welcome in Chef Chris Pandel, owner of both Bristol (Bucktown) and Belena (Lincoln Park) in Chicago. Chris is collaborating with our own Executive Chef, Samuel Monsour, on a multi-course dinner, paired with wines and cocktails by our bar manager, Kevin Mabry. We hope you can join us, and help support some great non-profits. Thank you., We are closed tonight. Thoughts and prayers to MBTA Transit A Officer Richard Donohue, and everyone else injured over the past week. Deepest condolences to the family and friends of MIT Patrol Officer, Sean A. Collier., Love our brothers and sisters in the Boston Restaurant Community., Tremendous job by everyone who participated in the inter-faith healing ceremony at The Cathedral of the Holy Cross in Boston's South End. We are proud to be members of this great city and country. "No more hurting people. Peace."-Martin Richard, 8-year-old Dorchester, MA bombing victim, quoted by President Obama, 4/18/2013. Amen., We are closed tonight, and sickened by the events of the day., We're proud to be participating with a tremendous lineup of restaurants and purveyors for a great cause. Hope to see you there!!!, We're open normal hours today. Enjoy the holiday., Please join us in supporting The Barbara Lynch Foundation at the 5th Annual Oyster Invitational on May 5th. Tremendous lineup of participating restaurants. Looking forward to a great day., Thanks to Aaron Kagan and the team at Eater Boston for including us in some pretty damn good company. Hope to see you on gritty Temple Place in DTX soon., New dinner specials through Saturday. Come on in!, Tickets for our April Revelry for Charity dinner are on sale now!!!, Come on in and enjoy some soy cheese and fresh dandelions from The Boston Common., It's going to take a HUGE, come-from-behind effort for jm Curley to win Boston Burger Blog's Burger Madness final round. Voting ends at 2pm today. Please vote now, and encourage your burger-loving friends to do the same. Thank you!!, Thank you to everyone who bought tickets to come in and break bread with our team and our guest chefs and volunteers tonight. Great people. Great food and drink. Great fun. We're grateful for your support of jm Curley and some tremendous charities., Revelry in the kitchen., Guests chefs, Ken Oringer and Alex Stupak, between courses at tonight's Revelry for Charity dinner., Special, surprise, guests for tonight's Revelry for Charity dinner, Country singer, Holly Williams and husband, Chris Coleman., Ok, things are heating up in the battle for Boston's best burger, at Boston Burger Blog's contest including all of the burgers Richard Chudy has reviewed. Currently we're in a tight contest in the semi-final round with our friends from The Gallows. If you're a fan of our burger, get in the game, show some love, and vote!! Thank you., FYI, we'll be open for normal lunch service on Friday, then closing at 3pm for a private (pre-wedding) event on Friday night, thru closing. Thank you, and congratulations to the bride and groom!, Our Revelry for Charity Dinner with guest chefs Ken Oringer and Alex Stupak is sold out on Sunday, 3/31, but come join us for brunch from 11:30-2:00 on Sunday, featuring dishes from both chefs. Please email inquiries about brunch to Suz@jmcurleyboston.com. Thank you., Congratulations to our bar manager, Kevin Mabry, on winning the Punch Kings Cocktail Compettition at COCHON 555 US TOUR. And a shout-out to Michael Scelfo from Russell House Tavern for taking home the "Prince of Porc" crown., Burger Madness from Boston Burger Blog continues to the next round. Get in the game and vote!!!, Happy Sweet Sixteenth Anniversary to Josh Childs (Boston's Hospitality Godfather), and the entire Silvertone Bar & Grill Family. Amazing accomplishment, and a lifetime of 'war stories'. We're grateful to be neighbors and friends., We're glad that Yotam Ottolenghi from Conde Nast Traveler found us on gritty Temple Place, and honored to be on his list with our brothers and sisters at Toro. Thank you for coming in, Yotam., Buffalo Bleu Cheese Corn Dog Pie on our "Sammy's 7" Specials Board. "St. Curley's Street Fair"., On our Street Fair, "Sammy's 7" Specials Board: Nacho Cheddar Cheeseburger w/crispy corn tortillas, pickled jalapeños, and taco-spiced fries., New "Sammy's 7" Specials Board. Street Fair., Swine delivery, thanks to our friends at Brambly Farms., Our next guest chef dinner with Ken Oringer and Alex Stupak is live on Eventbrite. Please join us for dinner or brunch. Thank you., Tamarind Lemongrass Braised Pork Spare Ribs w/5 spice fries and Pineapple Bok Choy Slaw on our "Sammy's 7" specials board through Saturday night., "Sammy's 7" Special: Backyard Burger, 5oz. Patty, American Cheese, Grilled Kayem Dog, wicked spicy mustard and 'bullshit' relish., From our "Sammy's 7" specials board. Scallop Ceviche w/blue potato chips and sweet potato crema., Thank you, Casandra Landry, from Boston Phoenix for featuring our "Whiz Kid", Kevin Mabry, in this wonderful piece about Boston's cocktail scene. We're in some great company, and we're grateful., Have you tried Bogie's Place, our casual steakhouse? For reservations, please email suz@jmcurleyboston.com, or call 617-338-5333. Thank you., New "Sammy's 7" Specials through Saturday, 3/16. Come on in!, Just a reminder, due to a private function, we'll be open at 7pm this evening instead of 5:00. Please visit our friends at Stoddard's Fine Food & Ale if you are in the 'hood early. Thank you., Great insight about what inspires our Executive Chef, Sam Monsour, in this piece by Reuben Varzea of The Foodie Journal. Thank you, Reuben., FYI, due to a private event during the day on Saturday, March 9th, we will be opening at 7pm instead of 5pm. Thank you., Great to have Jenny Johnson - NECN of TV Diner in the house featuring bar manager, Kevin Mabry, crafting our signature cocktail, the 21 Temple Gin & Tonic. Come on in and try one., We're busy, and hiring a full-time bartender and a FT server to join our family. Please email kev@jmcurleyboston.com if you are interested. Please forward this info to anyone who might be a great fit. Thank you., Amazing pic by Ted Morrison and Jessica Weatherhead Team in great piece by Leah Mennies in Boston Magazine. For reservations, please email suz@jmcurleyboston.com, or call 617-338-5333. Thank you., Thanks to everyone who attended last night's dinner and today's lunch. Also, thanks to Chef Dominique Crenn of Atelier Crenn in San Francisco, Chef Tim Maslow of Strip T's in Watertown, MA, everyone who volunteered (including team jm Curley), and everyone who contributed to 2 great charities. Stay tuned for details about the March Revelry for Charity dinner., Pre-game in the kitchen, Chef Sam Monsour and Chef Tim Maslow of Strip-T's in Watertown., Thrilled to have Chef Dominique Crenn in tonight for the Revelry for Charity dinner., The @Imbibe & Inspire Revelry for Charity dinner on Sunday night is sold out, but please join us in welcoming chefs Tim Maslow of Strip-T's, Watertown, MA, and Dominique Crenn, of Atelier Crenn, San Francisco, CA for lunch on Monday from 11:30-2:00. Boths chefs will be in attendance, and their dishes will be featured as specials, in addition to our normal lunch menu. Thank you., Another guilty pleasure from our "Sammy's 7" Freezer Aisle-Inspired Specials Board; All-Natural, Chicken-Fried, Flat Iron Steak, w/Mac & Cheese, Sauteed Spinach + Sausage Gravy., From our new "Sammy's 7" Specials Board, inspired by The Freezer Aisle. Personal Pepperoni Pizza with a cheeseburger and french fries inside. Filthy filth., New Sammy's 7 Specials, inspired by 'The Freezer Aisle'. Oh yeah., Thanks to Joseph P. Kahn for his piece in today's The Boston Globe, and congrats to everyone else mentioned. Thank you to all of our loyal customers for your support., Thanks to @Rachel Leah Blumenthal for capturing the spirit of Bogie's Place, our steakhouse within jm Curley. For reservations, please email suz@jmcurleyboston.com, or call 617-338-5333. Thank you., tell me friends, what does one do when yelped based on a menu item you don't serve? thanks to "alex m." for bringing to our attention the risotto is inedible. i'm guessing it's due mostly to the fact that it doesn't exist., We're closed on Sundays, but stop in and say hello to our brothers and sisters at Stoddard's Fine Food & Ale on Temple Place if you're in Downtown Crossing. If you ask nicely, and you're not a DB, they might even give you a glimpse of their newly-renovated The Friday Club downstairs, including one of the coolest (only?) zinc bartops in Boston., Thanks to Luke O'Neil and Metro Boston for the review of Bogie's Place. Reservations @ suz@jmcurleyboston.com., Two more days to try bartender turned chef, Daren's specials. Shrimp and chorizo chili w/creme fraiche, cheddar and cornbread., Law & Order in full effect tonight. No groping, grab ass, mauling, sucking face, canoodling or heavy petting., Hot stuff., Thanks to our loyal customers, business is very good, and we're hiring another FT cook. Please email Chef Sam Monsour at chefsamuel@gmail.com. Thank you., Honey BBQ chicken gorditas, w/avocado crema, pickled onion, bacon & smoked cheddar. Let @moe_msu know what u think., Team Curley brings filth and love to the South End for industry. Thanks for inviting us to your house. So much fun., Rocking a little Black Sabbath during dinner. Customers and staff loving it., Great piece by jm Curley friend, Steve Shur, including shout-outs to Boston industry legends, Josh Childs of Silvertone Bar & Grill, Jamie Walsh of Stoddard's Fine Food & Ale, and Misty Kalkofen of Brick & Mortar., Loverboy, Daren, finally got his hands dirty in the kitchen. Come on in, try some of his specials, and weigh-in on whether he should keep his 'day'/bartending job, or dabble more in the kitchen., Follow us on Twitter @jmcurleybar., Grateful to be mentioned in this BostInno piece by Lisa DeCanio. Thanks to James Disabatino of Roxy's Gourmet Grilled Cheese, Jamie Bissonnette of Coppa Enoteca and Toro, and Jon & Lindsey of BeantownEats for the shout-outs and nominations., We know how to throw a potluck Superbowl party. Homemade cannolis by Daren Swisher, Fireball shots by Kyle Kennedy, chocolate covered, candied bacon by Sophie Kelley, prosciutto-wrapped cantaloupe by Kristy Lacilla, sausage and peppers by Kevin Mabry, buffalo wings and chilli by Jamie Bissonnette, BBG drumsticks by Daren Palacios, Becherovka by Byron Lepine & Tracy Latimer,  Reposito tequila by   Emily Ingardia, blackout by Beyonce', and lots of other cool shit.Can't rule out a jmC family and friends blackout tonight., Happy Birthday, Chef Chris Bauers. We love having you in the family., Foie gras from our Bogie's Place Steakhouse menu. Please call Suzie @ 617-338-5333 for reservations, or email her: suz@jmcurleyboston.com. Thank you., Great piece by CBS-affiliate, WBZ, including creative cocktails from our bar manager, Kevin Mabry. Come on in, say hello, and try one., Thanks to Lindsay Johnson, and all of the Downtown Boston BID Ambassadors, for the great job they do., Tremendous event on Sunday night with Jamie Bissonnette and Chef Ed Lee to benefit charity. Stay tuned for the next dinner in our guest chef series., Chicken pot pie, with mashed potatoes for Staff Meal. Thank you, Sam Monsour, Chris Bauers and Mark Lutz. Just what the Dr. ordered., New "Sammy's 7" Specials Board. Midwest Madnes. Come and get'em!, On 1/27 we're hosting our first dinner, in a series of dinners for charity, featuring a local chef paired with a national chef. Meet Chef Jamie Bissonnette from Toro and Coppa Enoteca, collaborating with Chef Edward Lee of 610 Magnolia in Louisville, KY on a 6-course, fun-filled night of revelry., From our "Sammy's 7" Specials Board, Eastie Edition: Sancocho Colombian Fish Stew w/whole whiting, coconut milk & yucca., Thanks to Lisa DeCanio and BostInnovation.com for mentioning the opening of Bogie's Place., Team Stoddard's Boston, best neighbors ever. Bringing pizza to our restaurant at 2:15am while we're cleaning up, are you kidding me? Love you guys!!!, "No cheese heads" is not included in our Law & Order, so we had to let her in..., Gutta have sum fun wile we work., Thanks to Marc Hurwitz of Boston's Hidden Restaurants for helping to spread the word about Bogie's Place., Eastern NC Style Rillettes. Slow-smoked pork shoulder, pulled and tossed with a spicy vinegar and mustard sauce. Served w/grilled bread, house hot sauce, winter piccalilli, and bread & butter Brussels sprouts. The Brussels sprouts are pickled with onion, salt, sugar, clove, bay leaf, and garlic., From our 'Seasonal' menu; Johnston County Country Ham, served on mini cheddar biscuits w/pepper jelly. The pepper jelly contains jalapenos, green bell peppers, vinegar, sugar, salt and apple pectin., We just invested in a new flapper for the restaurant., Another 'seasonal' menu addition, Crispy-sticky pork shank, all natural, Berkshire Breed from Coleman Natural Foods in Denver, CO, served w/Carolina gold sauce glaze, sweet & spicy pickle salad., From the 'Seasonal' section of our menu, "A Hogtastic Hats Off to the Carolina's", where the inspiration was tightly focused on the Carolinas, hog, and preservation. Pickled Sausage; house-smoked andouille, served with jmCurley spicy brown mustard., Cheers to everyone at KO Catering & Pies for helping us end the year with a bang, and hosting our holiday party. Some of us are still licking our wounds..., KO Pies + Sam Jackson rock!!!!, Staff meal, Crispy-sticky pork shank!!!, We are open for normal lunch service on Monday, 12/31, New Year's Eve. We will also be open for normal dinner service beginning at 5pm on New Year's Eve, and we will be accepting reservations via email at suz@jmcurleyboston.com. Sending an email is not confirmation. Please leave your phone #, and Suzie, our General Manager, will call to confirm your reservation. There will be limited bar and walk-in seating available. Last seating for dinner is at 9:30pm, and no one will be admitted to the restaurant after 10pm. Last call for alcohol will be at 11pm, and the restaurant will be cleared out for a private party beginning at 11:30pm. We will be closed on Tuesday, 1/1, New Year's Day. Thank you., Today (12/26) marks the official date of our 1-year anniversary. Thanks to our awesome staff, our kick-ass industry brothers and sisters, our loyal customers, and all other humans who have helped us. You rock., On Wednesday, 12/26, we are closed for lunch, but open for dinner at 5pm. Thank you., Feisty crew., The fun never ends jm Curley. Our Sammy's 7 Specials board is currently featuring a trip down the debaucherous memory lane of our youths, or is it youts? McCurley's baby!!, Congratulations to everyone who made the Boston Globe list of best new restaurants. We're honored to be included., The 'Seasonal' portion of our menu has changed. Our Winter Menu includes a section called, "A Hogtastic Hats Off To The Carolinas", inspired by swine and preservation. Today's feature is Hog's Head Brunswick Stew w/okra, lima beans, crunchy pig's ear, buttered Nashoba Brook Bakery bread and Maldon Sea Salt., An honor to raise a glass and toast our Boston Restaurant Industry friends last night. We established a record for the largest, simultaneous shot of Fernet Branca. 115 is the magic # to beat. There are only 3 rules; #1-jm Curley team must be invited. #2-Kitty (Fernet Rep) must sanction and verify. #3-NO douchebags allowed to participate., Awesome first attempt by Brian of Trephin Salon. Gas money to help keep Lovin' Spoonfuls on the road. Who's next?, New "Sammy's 7" Specials Board. The unofficial bastardization of Escoffier. No disrespect, good sir..., Congratulations to Jamie Walsh and all of our friends at Stoddard's Fine Food & Ale, and to all of our industry brothers and sisters who made Gary Dzen's list in the The Boston Globe of the 10 Best Beer Bars in Boston., Mouth watering slideshow by Marc Hurwitz of Boston's Hidden Restaurants. including a dish from our very own chef, "Sammy Kid" Sam Monsour. Can't wait to try ALL of these!!!, presenting our first ever, FOOD CHALLENGE!!!, Four more days to try the current Pastrami Takeover specials on our "Sammy's 7" Chalkboard. Try The Ghost of Mark O'Leary's Pastrami Mac n' Cheese w/fried egg., Serious review from Kenji Alt at serious eats. Thank you to Kenji and team., Very cool piece with Tom O'Keefe, aka, BostonTweet on Chronicle, including jm Curley., New on our "Sammy's 7" Specials Board thru 12/1: Pastrami Rubbed Leg of Duck Confit w/roasted squash puree and pickled cranberries., Very cool to make Boston Globe's list of 15 dishes to be thankful for. Congratulations to everyone on the list., Curleycopia., null, Pastrami Take-Over on "Sammy's 7" Specials Board until 12/1., Huge industry support over the last few weeks from our brothers and sistas from Stoddard's Fine Food & Ale, The Ritz-Carlton, Boston Common, Russell House Tavern, PARK Restaurant and Bar, Salvatore's, Via Matta, Sportello, Jerry Remy's, straight wharf restaurant, Sip Wine Bar and Kitchen, Roxy's Grilled Cheese Truck, Kitchen, Chart House, Shays, Drink, backbar, ICOB, Thinking Cup, Starbucks, Mooo...., KO Pies, Menton, Deep Ellum, CODA, Canary Square, Salty Pig, Grotto, 3 Little Figs, The Sinclair and Tavern Road.Thank you and Happy Thanksgiving, everyone., Fernet recommended in New York Times. We got that covered..., Congratulations to our own Chef Samuel Monsour for making the list of Zagat's "30 Under 30", 30 of the Boston area's brightest food stars under 30., "Sammy's 7" Specials Board: Muffaletta Flatbread w/garlic confit, olive caper salad, salumi and smoked mozzarella. Come and git it., Earth, Wind & Fire a big crowd favorite tonight, so we decided to play the whole 'album'., Awesome interview with our bar manager, Kevin Mabry in Esquire Magazine!!, On our Sammy's 7 Specials Board: House Andouille "Gumbo" Choucroute w/cilantro, $9., Boston Bar Industry's Rock of Gibraltar, Josh Childs, of Silvertone Bar & Grill, on Kevin Mabry's cocktails and hospitality. Thank you, Josh. We're grateful to be your friend and neighbor., Sammy's 7 Specials, NOLA-Style!, null, And on the bar..., Let the games begin. This is Taylor, one of our servers, and resident "Dance Machine". Feel free to submit pics of your staff in costume., Now we have a contest..., Best costume so far tonight., Good looking crew Stoddard's Boston., Happy Halloween weekend, right???????, Currently on our Sammy's 7 specials board: Sloppy Joe Burger w/Louisiana slaw, cheddar, carmelized onions and side of fries. Yes, meet meat on meat. $16, Sammy's 7 Specials-Betty Crocker Remix. Come and get 'em!!, Intrigued about the potential for our new neighbors thru the alley on Winter Place., We're closed today, but if you're Downtown, visit our brothers and sisters on 'dark and dusty' Temple Place at Stoddard's Fine Food & Ale., Thanks to Boston's Hidden Restaurants for venturing down 'dark and dusty' Temple Place to visit our watering hole. Come on down, it's not that scary., Bar manager, Kevin Mabry, quoted in latest Boston Phoenix piece by Luke O'Neil on smokey cocktails., Now here are some politics no one should fight over..., Great interview with Mary Edes of Coppa. Thanks for the shout-out!, Cool piece in today's The Boston Globe by Liza Weisstuch featuring Dana Masterpolo and Michelle da Silva of Bantam Cider, a local company using New England apples. Come on into jm Curley and try some., New "Sammy's 7" specials thru Saturday, 10/20., Come on in and say hello. We don't bite, despite our 'Law & Order'... Thanks, Eater Boston., Bar guru, Kevin Mabry, representing jm Curley at Greater Boston Beverage Society., Bogie's preview special: Classic Wedge Salad, w/blue cheese dressing, tomato, bacon, $8., Special: French Onion Soup w/applejack, thyme, sherry, chive, garlic, crouton, red + white onions, and gruyere, $8., Special: Classic Clams Casino w/garlic, bacon, bread crumbs, parsley, butter and lemon. 5 clams $10., Special: Potato Gratin w/thyme, rosemary, cream and gruyere. $8, Bogie's preview specials: Creamed Spinach w/nutmeg, garlic, red onion, cream, butter, cayenne, smoked cheddar and lemon zest served in a skillet. $8, Huge industry support lately from our friends at Stoddard's Fine Food & Ale, The Regal Beagle Brookline, Church, The Salty Pig, Myers & Chang, Back Deck, Russell House Tavern, Sip Wine Bar, Yard House - Dedham, West Bridge, Clio Restaurant, Uni, Beer Advocate, Narragansett, Papagayo, Roxy's Grilled Cheese, Silvertone, dante, Toro, Coppa, Storyville, Market @W Hotel, Zygomates, Sorrisso, ICOB, Sportello, Union, Butcher Shop and Drink. Thank you. Here's to a great Boston Cocktail Summit Week., $2 @Gansetts from 8-11 tonight. Thanks to all of our industry brothers and sisters for your support. We are extremely grateful., • Super Healthy Sunday (9/30): Summer Street in Downtown Crossing, 11 am – 4 pm. Cooking demonstrations by local chefs—including JM Curley and Back Deck— a farmers market, a Lexicon of Sustainability photo exhibit presented by the Museum of Science, and a home/garden (pots & plants) demonstration by Artefact., FYI, fellow humans, Bubble Hockey is not Foosball. Thank you., Welcome to gritty Temple Place, and good luck to our new neighbors across the street at Temple Place Cafe. Stop in if u r in the 'hood looking for coffee, muffins, pastries, bagels, and other stuff., New specials board featuring Bogie's Place menu items. Stay tuned for pics., Today's 'seasonal' menu item features Smoked Trout Rillette Potato Skins. The trout is smoked with hickory wood chips, shredded, and whipped with sour cream, chipotle + halaby chilies, and charred leeks. The skin of the trout is used to make trout bacon. The rillette is stuffed into a hollowed, baked Idaho potato, topped with sour cream, parsley, lemon zest and trout bacon. 2 skins for $8., This is just cool., Today's featured item from the 'Seasonal' section of our menu, Braised Beef Cheek Gorditas. Beef cheeks braised with mirepoix (red wine and cinnamon), simmered in reduced braising jus, served over house-made gorditas made with bacon fat (hell yeah), topped with sweet potato crema (cinnamon, honey and sour cream), a shaved tomatillo and roasted pumpkin seeds. 3 gorditas for $9., When was the last time you had a PB&J?? 

Stop on by tonight and let us take you back to your childhood....plus booze.

*Actual PB&J tonight is way more awesome then PB&J shown, Beer beasts, Todd and Jason Alström, in the house last night mixing it up with our staff and customers. Great to see you and raise a glass with you., Ain't nothing wrong with pork fat.

Can I get an AMEN!, You know what's awesome with our fried chicken??

....our Cool Ranch Doritos sauce., Chicken liver pâté isn't complete without a nice warm bath of hot bacon fat!, Square special this week: Mac n' Cheese, house made pastrami, fried egg, and Texas Pete. BOOM!, Beer beasts, Todd and Jason Alström, in the house last night mixing it up with our staff and customers. Great to see you and raise a glass with you., Cocktail aficionado, and legend, Brother Cleve, and bartender, Natalie, dance couple #1 on Thursday night., Great to have offal kings Chef Chris Cosentino and Chef Jamie Bissonnette in the house recently enjoying Chef Sam Monsour's beef heart. Thanks for the postcard, Chris!!, Table 21, last night, "That's the best pork chop I've ever had in my life." Thank you, Sir! We're very proud of our team in the kitchen., Today's feature from our 'Seasonal' menu is baby octopus; Braised in its own juices and pasilla chilies until tender, dredged in a guajillo-seasoned Morgan's Mills corn flour, flash fried, and lightly seasoned with salt and pepper. Served with a creamy ancho lemonette, which is pureed preserved lemons with olive oil and ground, dried anchos. 5 for $7., Wine board., "Sammy's 7" Specials for the next 2 weeks. Breakfast for dinner, hell yeah!, Today's featured item from the 'SEASONAL' section of our menu, Squash Hush Puppies. Perfect Fall snack. Roasted butternut squash & cornmeal (from ME), seasoned with salt, pepper and pop's stuffing spice (ok, Bell's Poultry Seasoning), served with turkey neck gravy (w/sage & rosemary) and cranberry-cinnamon butter. 5 moist pups for $7., We have some great, new items under the "seasonal" section of our menu. Today's feature is 'Clams Porgy & Bess', baked Cape Cod count neck clams stuffed with our housemade cornbread bread crumbs, bacon, lemon, red chili (Halaby), and thyme butter. 2 clams for $4, and a great way to start your meal., Happy birthday to our bar guru and brother, Kevin Mabry. We love you., Today's "86" board. Our GM is a funny one. We have 5 new seasonal items on our menu. Come on in. Have a great weekend, everyone., Happy Birthday to bartender Daren Palacios, aka, Loverboy. Enjoy your night off., Thanks to Jackie Morisi of Just Add Cheese for recommending us in her podcast with Mystery Meet. Great job capturing the spirit of our restaurant., Hard to believe that the 'unofficial' end of summer is upon us. FYI, we will be closed Sunday, Monday and Tuesday lunch to celebrate Labor Day Weekend. We will reopen for dinner service on Tuesday at 5PM. Look for our new dinner specials beginning on Tuesday. Have a great weekend., Great to see our industry brothers and sisters in recently from The Beehive, O Ya Restaurant, Stoddard's Fine Food & Ale, Staff Meal Food Truck, Massachusetts Girls' Pint Out, High & Mighty Beer, Granary Tavern, Grill 23 & Bar, The Oceanaire Seafood Room - Boston, Legal seafood, Island Creek Oysters, 49 Social, Island Creek Oyster Bar, Locke-Ober, The Butcher Shop, No. 9 Park, Post 390, Back Deck, Masona Grill, The Good Life, City Slicker Cafe and the Boston College Club. Thank you., We don't have any rules against balloons or fun. Goodbye, Becca, we'll miss you., We are not participating in Restaurant Week(s), but do have some awesome new specials thru Saturday, 9/1., Cheering on John Travolta., null, A bit of revelry with our industry friends. Misty is a really good jumper, just ask her..., We like to have a little bit of fun, whether we're working or not. Tonight we were supporting disco king, brother Kevin Mabry., Chef Sam Monsour making our corn dish with Jenny Johnson - NECN. Come on in and try some., Check out bar manager, Kevin Mabry's In Fashion recipe on the CVS blog., Meet our kitchen crew courtesy of Katie Barszcz and Richard Chudy of Boston Burger Blog fame. Our guys, Sam Monsour, Mark O'Leary, Dan Crothers, and the rest of the team, are always creating fun, interesting and delicious food. Thank you, Katie and Richard., Table 31: "That Fernet stuff kinda warms your soul." That's what we're talking about. Thanks for coming in, ladies., Nice to see Kitty (Queen of Fernet Branca), enjoying herself at jm Curley last night. The fun continues with her new book, "The Screaming Orgasm, 69 X-Rated Cocktails." Looks like the book signing will have to be in our "Adults Only" room..., Lots of first dates in the house tonight. Good luck, everyone., Come and get 'em!!, Very proud of our team and grateful to everyone who has supported us. Thank you., Wide-range of industry folks in last week, Stoddard's Fine Food & Ale, The Blue Room, Starbucks, West Bridge, Ironside, Green Street, Back Deck, Staff Meal Truck, ArtBar, Del Frisco, Catalyst Restaurant, The Gallows, Dante, Clio, Toro, Coppa, Island Creek Oyster Bar, Radius Restaurant, Menton, Oishi, 9 Park, Storyville, Woodward, ESK, Sorriso, Formaggio, Russell House, Sportello and Local 149. Thank you for imbibing with us., Just now, table #22, "That's the best marrow I've had since Paris." We love our customers and our kitchen crew. Look for our new "Sammy's 7" specials beginning on Monday., A couple in the bubble hockey corner is rubbing noses. Technically that is canoodling, but I'm going to wait until they start sucking face before throwing the Law & Order book at them..., Big industry weekend jm Curley. Thanks to Sportello, Marliave, Mooo...., Les Zygomates, Island Creek Oyster Bar, The Beehive, Toro, Stoddard's Fine Food & Ale, Sorellina Boston, Meritage and West Bridge for breaking bread with us. We'll see you in your houses soon., Nice to meet the kitchen crew from West Bridge last night. Thank you for coming in., One more week to try these!!, We're not afraid of a little rain on Temple Place., First date in the diningroom right now. Gentleman brought a single red rose and homemade cookies for the lady. It appears to be going pretty well. They'll have a very sappy story to tell if they get married..., We are not "Jim" Curley. We are jm Curley. Thank you., null, Some awesome new specials this week! 2 days left., We're closed tonight (Sunday), but if you're Downtown, stop in and see our brothers and Sisters at Stoddard's Fine Food & Ale and Silvertone Bar & Grill., Very proud that our burger made the list. Congrats to Chef Sam Monsour and our kitchen team. We're in some damn good company here. Congratulations to everyone else who made the list., Nice job, Kevin Mabry, our bar manager, who stepped up when challenged, and thwarted the canoodlers at our bar when they crossed the line from sucking face to heavy petting (side boob) tonight. We'll have none of that! Law & Order has been restored on Temple Place., Always fun when a "10 max" walk-in becomes 22. Have a great night industry bros and sisas!, Very cool to be included on this list by Naomi Kooker. Thanks to Naomi and Susan Holaday., Nice to see our Industry brothers and sisters in recently from Canary Square, Toro, Oishi, Russell House Tavern, Silvertone, Coppa Enoteca, Stoddard's Fine Food & Ale, South End Formaggio, Sorellina Boston, Back Deck, Max and Dylans Downtown, No. 9 Park, Staff Meal Truck, 49 Social, Richard Chudy, Les Zygomates, Sorriso, Prezza, Lucca, Tico, Sweet Cheeks, Brick & Mortar, Drink, Eastern Standard, The Salty Dog and I'm sure we missed a few. Thank you for coming by. We'll see you in your houses soon., Our customers know what they want and how to order it!!!, Nicole to guest, "Did you enjoy the Fernet?" Guest, "Not really. It tastes like Scope." Perfect., I wonder if every bar within 5 miles of The Boston Public Garden smells like a locker room? Thanks Corporate Challenge......, Please consider following us on Twitter @jmcurleybar. Thank you., To the couple who just left, thank you for coming in, and thank you for being such kind, good people., New Sammy's 7 Specials., Very proud of our team, and grateful to all of our customers and industry brothers and sisters for supporting us. jm Curley was named Best Industry Hangout in The Improper Bostonian's 2012 Boston's Best issue. Congratulations to all of the other winners., Great find by bar manager, Kevin Mabry, at SoWa Open Market., Come and get 'em!, Nice tip of the cap from Josh Childs (Silvertone) to Jamie Walsh (Stoddard's), in Boston.com's new cocktail blog. Well done, Josh., Team Curley diving into Ramen after an awesome service on Sunday with Guchi's Midnight Ramen. Great job, everyone, and thanks to everyone who came in!!!, Great piece featuring our friends, Adam and Patrick from Staff Meal, one of the best food trucks in Boston., Team Curley (and Sully) out for a little golf outing. Note: yes, that is Chef Maguire serving it up on the links., Main bar is open. Guchi ramen bites available for $5; shisito peppers, edamame and house kimchi. Come on in., 5 minutes 'til Noodlemania., The men behind Mazamen Ramen on Sunday with Guchi's Midnight Ramen., Congratulations to all of our industry brothers and sisters at Back Deck on your opening, and welcome to the 'hood. We'll be in to break bread with you soon., Reservations accepted beginning at 1PM. Thank you., Noodlemania comes to jm Curley this Sunday! Just a couple of guys making some (very fresh) noodles..., Special Event: On Sunday, June 24th, Guchi's Midnight Ramen be taking over our private diningroom from 4-10. Reservations available through Eventbrite beginning Wednesday, June 20th at 1:00pm. Limited walk-in seating will also be available., Come join the party on Sunday night from 8-10. Elizabeth Powell of Art Bar and Graham Wright of Opus Affair will be showering us with Southern Hospitality as only those raised in the land of Dixie can. Amazing Four Roses Bourbon cocktails and moonshine punch will be served., Young Sox fan, Dylan Cartin, enjoying a Curley smorgasbord with proud papa, Greg Cartin, and Uncle Andy., Beef heart and corn, hell yeah!! Thank you, Lisa DeCanio., Nice to see our industry brothers and sisters from The Painted Burro, Radius Restaurant, Happys Bar And Kitchen, Restaurant dante, Oishii Boston, and Stoddard's Fine Food & Ale in the house last night. L'chaim, Sláinte, Salute and Sanitas bona!, Some great specials this week. Come on in., Thanks to all of our customers, industry brothers and sisters, and media for supporting our watering hole and restaurant., Team Curley is ready for the big game, we hope the Celtics are. Where are you watching?, Food porn at jm Curley. Come on into the mansion!!! Thank you, Jacki. Have a great weekend, everyone., Effective this Sunday, 6/3, we will be closed on Sundays for the summer. Stay tuned for announcements about Sunday special events. Follow us on Twitter @jmCurleyBar. Have a great weekend., Clown Shoes & Shmaltz brewers in the house tonight. Come say hello., High & Mighty "diddy" night w/MA Girls Pint Out CEO., High & Mighty Beer jm Curley tonight. Join the party., Great man, great ramen. Staff is rocking Steely Dan setting up. Great energy in the house. We love you, Vinny!!!, Instead of our Sunday Soul Brunch tomorrow, Team Guchi will be serving 100 portions of ramen and pork buns on a first-come, first-served basis from 4-8. We are not selling tickets in advance or accepting reservations. Proceeds will benefit Vinny Sapochetti, a server from Neptune Oyster hurt in a serious car accident. Please consider joining us. Thank you., Baby Soleil and proud parents. A ray of sunshine in our saloon tonight., A bar customer just called the crispy pork belly bites w/ charred tomato, shallots & cherry pepper mayo "insane". Sounds like a keeper., Caught a guy at table 51 eating a McChicken sandwich. It might be "A Taste Sensation", but we don't allow that here...Do we need to add that to Law & Order?, Weeds., Curley sighting., A recent customer at our bar, "This burger is so good I'm going to wash my face afterwards." There are no rules against diving in and getting messy with it @jmC., Ghost of Mayor Curley?, Thanks to Gary @PigTrip BBQ Reviews for his attention to detail and a great review of our burger., We love our Twitter followers. Thank you, Lisa DeCanio, BeerAdvocate, The Gallows, White Horse Tavern, Max & Dylan's, Area Four, Menton, Russell House Tavern, Rock Bottom,  Joe's American Bar & Grill, and Formaggio Kitchen all in the house last week., Congratulations Doc Cartin., Susie & bridal shower beauties in the house!!! Welcome ladies., Team Curley on Chronicle., Our sidewalk is one of the cleanest in Boston thanks to Fernando and Jose'. Thank you, men., Weekly specials., jm Curley on Chronicle tonight at 7:30., Trivia tonight 7-9. Also, shoutouts to our industry friends in last week from Sweet Cheeks, Roxy's Gourmet Grilled Cheese, Staff Meal, Marliave, Toro, Sportello, Mooo...., Stoddard's Fine Food & Ale, Salty 1, Eastern Standard Kitchen & Drinks, The Gallows, @Myers & Chang, Shmaltz Brewing Co., and 49 Social., null, This beautiful baby joined us for dinner over the weekend, but never made it past the iron curtain into our "adults only" room..., Thanks to Billy Costa and everyone at TV Diner for reviewing our little watering hole. , Sunday Funday @jmC., Boom! American Craft Beer Week. , Big industry week at jmC last week. Island Creek Oyster Bar, Sorriso, Les Zygomates, Foundry on Elm, Atlantic, Oishi, Franklin Southie, Citizen Public House, Eastern Standard, Back Deck, Pig Trip BBQ, Neptune Oyster, Lord Hobo, Ruby Wines, Formaggio, Stoddard's, The Painted Burro, On The Bar, 49 Social, Max & Dylan's, Legal Seafood and Team Clover all in the house. Thank you all., Sammy's 7 Specials., So much fun to have Kitty & Joy in the house last night. The tips from the event are being donated to On The Rise, a day program for homeless women. Thanks to everyone who visited and supported a great cause., Come join us for a late brunch or dinner today from 3-10. We're also excited to have our industry friends Kitty and Joy in the house as guest bartenders. All tips from the special event will be donated to charity. Thank you., Team Curley proud to be included in Bacon & Beer Fest for such great causes. Great job Aaron Cohen and everyone who volunteered. Tremendous event., Chef Sammy's 7 Specials this week. Awesome., Thanks to another fun group of industry brothers and sisters in to visit last week including, Staff Meal Truck, Anchovies, B&G Oyster, Post 390, Meyers & Chang, Max & Dylans, 49 Social, Storyville and Stoddard's, to name a few. Trivia tonight. Come on by and say hello., Time to git down and dirty w/that special someone: Square meal for 2 @jmCurleyBar: an entire rack of St Louis Spareribs, grilled corn, slaw & a skillet of peach cobbler http://twitter.com/samuelmonsour/status/197134084969992193/photo/1, Another shot of the new sign at our watering hole., Great time at the Bacon and Beer Festival benefiting Lovin' Spoonfuls and Community Servings. Thank you to everyone who visited our table, and to all of the volunteers and House of Blues staff., Hey gang, just a reminder...we're serving up what we're Curley's Continental Breakfast. Mountain Dew Danishes and doughnuts with maple bacon glaze. This might be a blessing in disguise., Mark O'Leary caught in the middle of a Sexy Man sandwich., Team Curley represented at the Bacon & Beer Festival benefitting Lovin' Spoonfuls and Community Servings. Hope we're invited back next year!!, Wishing all of our restaurant industry friends heading to Nantucket, The Vineyard and Cape Cod a great season. We'll miss you and try to visit. Does the Fernet eagle fly beyond the Sagamore Bridge?????, FYI, this Sunday only, our brunch menu will be a limited, Curley-style Continental Breakfast, featuring our world-famous cereal cart. Our kitchen team will be participating in the world-famous Chef Louie Night. Please stop by and say hello if you will be attending., Where are you celebrating National Pretzel Day? We make our house-made pretzels to order. Come on in tonight and try them., Thanks to Corey Lopez, Concierge at the Mandarin, for recommending our watering hole in the Globe: "Eat: Enjoy the cool Brooklyn, N.Y., vibe and the Rhythm & Reason cocktail at JM Curley’s (21 Temple Place, Boston, 617-338-5333, www.jmcurleyboston.com, $5-$18). The attitude is friendly, the tunes are terrific, and the atmosphere is simple. Expect fresh, hearty fare and a wide range of beers. A late-night menu features burgers." , BIG industry week at jm Curley last week. Clio/Uni, Bridgestreet, Blue Ginger, Coppa/Toro, Russell House Tavern, Menton, Sportello, B&G Oyster, Stir, Dick's Last Resort, and The Met all in the house last week. Thanks to all for breaking bread with us., null, Please spread the word or contact Chef Sammy if you have any great candidates. We hope to see you soon. Thank you., Congratulations to all of our friends at Clio and Uni on their 3-star review in today's Globe. We have a shot of Fernet waiting at our ginmill to celebrate., Great to see our industry friends from Sweet Cheeks, Citizen, Park, The Gallows, Mooo...., Teatro, Menton, The Vault and the whole crew from ACK in last week. Time to load up on more Fernet..., Not good. One of our MVP servers is VERY upset. We told her she needs to tape it up and get in the game tonight!, Nantucket restaurant industry well represented in the house last night. Straight Wharf, The Pearl, The 'Box, American Seasons, CRU Oyster Bar. Who did we miss? That gang knows how to party!! We're looking forward to visiting you on The Rock., Come join us for a late brunch/supper today if you are downtown. We have some really cool stuff on the menu, in addition to our table-side cereal cart. PS-Keep your eyes peeled for the forthcoming edition of Stuff Magazine. There's a wild rumor that our "beautiful mess", Chef Sammy, will adorn its pages., 10 people camped out in front of 21 Temple Place at 4:45 for our 5:00 opening. Occupy Curley., Really enjoyed touring the business of our regular customers and neighbors at New Millenium Costumes on 151 Tremont Street. Very impressive store and business. Keep them in mind if you are ever in the market for costumes and other crazy paraphernalia. , Today's shout-out goes to our friends and neighbors at Trephin, the hair salon on the second floor of our building. Great people who have created one of the coolest, and most well-respected salons in Boston. Love you guys!!, null, Very proud of our team and grateful to all of our customers, neighbors, vendors, families, friends and industry brothers and sisters who have supported us. Thank you., Awesome! And we agree...all we're out to do is deliver a great product in a warm atmosphere to whomever walks in the door. Glad it's being recognized as such. , Great to see the gang from Grub Street in over the weekend, and thank you for the tour of your fancy new digs yesterday. The new space is awesome!! Congratulations., Our now-famous cereal cart, serving a bottomless bowl of all of your favorites from 3-10 at Sunday Brunch., Last week was a great week at jmC. Thank you to all of our customers and our industry bros and sissas, including B&G Oystas, Coppa, Legal Seafood, Franklin Southie, Canary Square, Island Creek Oysta Bah, #9 Park, Market @ The W and Staff Meal Truck. We'll see you in your houses soon!, In honor of National Peanut Butter and Jelly Day, Chef Sammy Monsour is serving honey-peanut butter w/strawberry rhubarb preserve. All house-made, of course. Come on in! , i love when photographers come to snap some shots of the food. that way when their done i get to enjoy eating it and not having it go to waste! thank you for the excuse to enjoy an entire creamsicle concrete with fruiti-pebble treats for lunch! 
-mama hat suz, Please join us for brunch on Sunday beginning at 3pm. We will be closing early on Sunday, 4/1 at 8pm. One of our neighbors is having a big birthday party... Have a great weekend., Congratulations to our neighbors at Silvertone on their 15th anniversary. One of the coolest watering holes in Boston. We look forward to raising a glass in your honor., This is funny as hell and reminds us of the bottom of our Supper menu: "Proudly serving local, native, indigenous, seasonal, fair trade, green, organic, all-natural, hormone free, humanely-treated, recycled, sustainable, biodynamic livestock and agriculture." We hope to see you soon., Kitchen chaos before getting our asses kicked this weekend. Thanks to everyone who visited, including our Saturday night "flash mob"!!!, Great to meet our new twitter friends and Burger Club members Ezra Engelbardt @ezra802, Wendy Roberts @wendyroberts617, Deb Siegel @djsegel, and their non-twittering friend, Doug last night. They are big fans of Boston Burger Blog and came in after reading this awesome review. Thanks to all, even Doug!!, Well, we survived our first St. Patrick's Day, despite the shenanigans and clover/antler-wearing imbibers... Thanks to everyone who visited our watering hole last week, including our industry brothers and sisters from Think Tank, The State Room, The Butcher Shop, #9 Park, Shmaltz Brewing Company, Tamo Bar @ The Seaport Hotel, Towne, Slumbrew, Bobby Flay's and the Harp and Dragon in Norwich, CT to name a few. Have a great week, and don't forget we're open for lunch Mon-Fri and Sunday Brunch., Come on by raise a glass and grab a bite with us on St. Patrick's Day. No green beer and no cover charge. Please note our special hours on Saturday will be noon until last call at 11:45pm. Have a great weekend., This song by the lovely Dionne Warwick is dedicated to Sean Smith, who posted the following on Twitter: "Was on my way to go here for dinner & saw a picture of the back of your menu, I'm passing. Give people the benefit of the doubt." Lighten up, Sean., Wow, great week last week! Thanks to all of our first-time visitors, regulars, and all of our restaurant industry brothers and sisters for breaking bread, (and downing a few fernets!!) and for recommending us to your friends and customers. Mooo...., The Gallows, Toro, Oishi, Stoddard's, Storyville, 49 Social, 80 Thoreau, Stella, Grill 23, The Blue Glass Cafe', O Ya, Rialto, KO Prime, Troquet, Uni and Silvertone were all in the house. We will see you in your watering holes soon. Please let us know if we missed anyone. Thank you, and have a great week., Good crowd last night. Lots of love, but no canoodling or excessive PDA in sight. Have a great weekend, everyone. Drop on by if you are in the neighborhood, and remember our Soul Sunday Brunch from 3-10., Just watched two douche bags make out at table 31 for 15 minutes. We finally called them out and they were pissed at us!?!? Thanks for the fucking 1 cent tip assholes. Don't come back if you can't follow our law & order. Canoodling and heavy petting is not allowed!!! It makes our other customers (the other 75 people in house) uncomfortable., Congratulations to Chef Chris Gould and our industry friends at Uni, one of the best places in Boston for Sashimi., We're very proud of Chef Sammy and his kitchen team. Awesome review, and great pic of our "beautiful mess". Thanks to Boston Burger Blog. We are grateful., Al Young, Brand Ambassador and Historian of Four Roses Bourbon, is in the house tonight. Signing books and dishing out some Four Roses Manhattans., Congratulations to our friends at Deep Ellum and Lone Star Taco on a tremendous write-up in the Phoenix. We're looking forward to visiting soon. The food and cocktails sound awesome!!, Excited to welcome two big wigs in the distilling scene to jm Curley the next two nights. Tonight David Perkins of High West Distillery will be in the house. 3 HW cocktails and food pairings. Tomorrow book signing with Brand Ambassador and Historian of Four Roses Bourbon, Al Young., It was an honor to host the viewing party for Chef Mike Bergin and his friends and family over the weekend. For those of you who missed it, Mike is the sous chef at L'Espalier and won the contest on the ABC TV show, The Big Time. After winning the contest he took the helm at Chef Huber Keller's Las Vegas Restaurant, Fleur, for a night and wowed the (challenging) diners with his impressive culinary creations. Congratulations, Mike!!, Great to see our industry bros and sistas in over the weekend from Dick's Last Resort, East by Northeast, Great Harbor Yacht Club and Plymouth Gin. Thank you for supporting our gin mill, and for throwing back a few Fernets with us. We love our industry friends!!!, We're really excited about our Sunday Soul Brunch starting today!! Beverley's Bloody Marys, house-made pastrami hash and eggs, bottomless bowls of cereal, Pop's French toast, Mac-n-cheese in a cast iron skillet, grits, corn bread, BBQ, Mark's breakfast burger, and our chicken cordon blistro sliders (fried chix, waffles, tasso ham, swiss and vermont maple syrup) that have been so popular at dinner. Our brunch is for all of you late Sunday risers, served from 3-10. Come on in., Great to see our fellow restaurant industry compatriots in over the weekend from Drink, Union, Brick & Mortar, Toro, Del Frisco's, Franklin, Sam's, Mooo...., The Gallows, Sweet Caroline's, Mistral, Hungry Mother, Meyers + Chang, Stoddard's, Charles River Wine Co., 606 Congress, Guchi and Storyville., We're closed today, cleaning and working on our upcoming brunch menu. If you're in the 'hood, stop in and say hello to our friends @ Stoddard's. Say hello to Jamie, the second saltiest bartender on Temple Place..., Last night a customer told one of our servers that her bill was incorrect because the sandwich board sign in front of our barroom advertised a different price for her burger. The server explained that (for better or worse) we have NO signs out front, and walked outside with the woman who looked around and said, "There was a sign here on the way in"..., Great night with our guest bartender, Pow Pow..., Team Tang. Happy Birthday, K-Tang!, It was a pleasure serving you ladies, but what's with the piggy bank???, Our customers have many talents., Great night tonight, thanks to all of our great customers. We also had some Boston Bar Industry legends in house tonight. No names, no shout outs, just gratitude. Thank you., Beef Cheek Po Boy tonight. Git you some., Quote of the night last night from regular customer, Mike Thomas, while sitting at the bar devouring his burger, "I don't want it to be over." Later in the night, another customer enjoyed his burger so much he pointed to his plate and said, "Let's do that again!" And he did. Problem solved, Mike. Come see us again soon, and double down., Really enjoyed having Tim Maslow from Strip T's Restaurant-Watertown in the house last night. We're thrilled for your success, and look forward to visiting soon. Thank you for coming in., Great piece in today's Metro by Luke O'Neil. We have a guest bartender tonight. She's a wine wiz currently working in NYC, and an alum of one of one of the best restaurants in Cambridge. Any guesses??, It was a pleasure to meet the gang from Hungry Mother last night. We look forward to seeing you in Cambridge soon., BYOM, Bring Your Own Music to our private room!! Another great night in Bogie's!! Thanks for playing DJ, Mark., Tremendous support from more of our restaurant industry friends recently. Thanks to everyone from Green Street Grill, Oleana, Catalyst, No. 9, Washington Square Tavern, BEVNET, Bekah Angoff, Guchi's Ramen, Bondir, Centerplate, Worldwide Wines, MS Walker, Storyville, KO Prime and 606 Congress for visiting our watering hole. Have a great weekend, everyone., Happy Birthday, RRRRoberto!!, The Fernet-Branca eagle soars at our watering hole., thanks for stopping in for lunch today Alicia McCabe! I hope you enjoyed everything and thanks for sharing information with us about your awesome organization!, null, Trivia Tuesdays start tonight from 7-9pm!!! Teams of up to 6 and prizes in the form of...Curley Bucks!!!!, Chef Sam & Barkeep Kevin are starting a Beer Blog! Stay tuned!!!, Any ideas from our customers about what (if anything) we SHOULD do for Valentine's Day?????, Be sure to ask our GM, Top Hat Suzie, about the falling vacuum. Can't make this shit up. Always interesting things happenin' in our neck of the woods., null, Thank you to Adam's Hospitality Blog, GrubStreet Boston and all of our great customers!!, null, Great to see our friends from Formaggio last night., Yes, we will have the volume turned up for the Patriots game on Saturday night. We hope you can join us. Predictions for the game???, Tonight's Square Meal: pineapple-clove glazed cottage ham with smoked tomato & goat cheese grits and an apple-jalapeño slaw: come git you some grits! P.s. the east-by-dirty-south yams are officially bumpin, Mark your calendars. Tuesday Trivia Nights start January 24th from 7-9pm!, Nattie Ice and Spartan Pride, null, Great to see more restaurant industry brothers and sisters in our gin mill last night. Oleana, Beantown Pub, Island Creek Oyster Bar, Sweet Cheeks and Meadhall were all in the house. Thank you very much for coming in, even though we have no sign out front!!, A special thank you to everyone at Market, W Hotel and Descent for stopping in and spreading the word about our opening., Thanks to all of our industry friends from Mooo...., Storyville, Mistral, Coppa, Toro, Island Creek Oysters, Garden at the Cellar, Straight Wharf, Silvertone, The Ritz, BEVNET, Mandarin, L'Espalier, Green Street, Les Zygomates, Greater Boston Beverage Society, Neptune Oyster, Stoddard's, Adam's Hospitality and Tourism Blog for visiting and supporting our gin mill this weekend. Great to see everyone. Also, thanks to Chefs Katie Barszez & Richard Chudy for their awesome post in The Skinny Beet. We are grateful. , null, Team Toro rocking Bogie's place on New Year's Eve. Here's to a great year ahead for all of our industry friends., Great to have the gang from Mistral in last night., Our beer selection has some range--Schlitz to craft., We're not angels, but some of our customers are., Yes, we serve Colt 45 40's..., Come say hello on New Year's Eve., Our juices are fresh, our spelling is not..., Jamie Bissonnette (Coppa/Toro) in the house., null, UFC. tonight., Last chance to get lunch this week. Stop in for some Pastrami & a nice cold pint!, It's official. We're open for business! Stop in and see us., Update: we will NOT be opening our doors today. Come visit us Monday!!!, Post in Eater today. Cant wait til all those damn good looking bar stools are filled!!, Here's our baby pictures!!, Go Hats!!, I spy..., http://t.co/OqdNF6hW, Like us! Before you really like us. Then you'll like us more!!, First night with the Crew! Come see us soon!!!, We're almost ready to start serving up some neighborhood justice. In the form of grub and hooch of course. Are YOU ready?!, Getting close to inspection time!!!  and in the immortal words of jesse spano, "i'm so excited! i'm so excited! i'm so... SCARED!" (but really, we're so excited!), Some really exciting things in the works for our Beer program. Bombers, Pounders, Ponies, 40's, Magnums, Craft 22's. Start working up a thirst., YAY for chairs and barstools!, The Brain Trust hard at work..., Spoiler Alert!: "Death Row Burger" 9 oz. natural beef patty, pulled pork, bacon, slaw, sharp cheddar, charred red onion, tomato, and house cut shoestring fries. All that lovin' for the price of $15., Couple of reeeeally long days and no end in sight. It's a grind. But damn, do we love it or what?!, Kevin Mabry is sweeping up debris for $100/hour, Sam Monsour is using power tools and building a draft beer system like a manly sonofabitch!, null, The denim sandwich and mullet were out, null, Goodwill outlet in Roxbury just got fucked up!, Today the walk in gets finished, banquets get built, the remainder of our large equipment gets delivered, our draft beer system gets installed, and we go thrift shopping for SHWAGG!)