List(Remember the ceiling we removed in our brewery space? We are using the reclaimed wood for our tables and benches. Bailey Davol / Studio Build making it happen., More Zwickel Bier brewed this AM, because you asked for it., Monday morning construction update from Chris.  #salem2016, Floor pouring day #1! Brewhouse and cellar today, tap room tomorrow., Big news from Chris! #Salem2016, Irish stout? Nope. But we'd like to think St. Patrick would approve.
Happy St. Patrick's Day from all of us at Notch!
#CernePivo #BlackLager, Our little workers' beer is back!
(Also appropriate for not working, as illustrated below)
#Saison #YesYouCan #Spring #Seasonal, Hey #Salem, join us this Thursday for PEM after hours.
6-9pm, and FREE for members and Salem residents!, #MarchMadness! It's that wonderful time of year when we belly up for some hoops and session beer in the middle of the afternoon. At Parlor Sports, of course., Quick hit on the construction - we'll try to make these more frequent., And we have floor cuts! Trenching today for pipe and drain work next week. It's not pretty, but it's progress., Hey North Shore, The Cabot Beverly is having a little Notch tasting prior to their showing of The Hateful Eight tomorrow night!, null, Heads up, Team Notch. #FREEDOM!
Sign up before this Friday, March 4th, and you'll receive a limited edition C5K running hat in addition to the best race shirt in the biz, free food, beer & fun!, All the latest on the brewery build-out., It's been a long road to this point, but we finally have our building permit! #Salem2016, The Stammtisch Room doorway is now open! #Salem2016, K's Kitch"n prepping her Sriracha pickles for our #Salem Block Party with Bambolina tomorrow!
Some tickets still available here: https://www.eventbrite.com/e/winter-warmer-goat-pig-roast-block-party-tickets-20234445772?aff=ehomecard, WING AFTERNOON! Thats right, Sunday the 28th we're have a wing day with the our pals at The Kirkland Tap & Trotter. We'll have plenty of our Single Series LAGER (Zwickel Beer, Black Lager, Long Play IPL, Polotmavy) and of course delicious wings from the masters at KT&T. Soundtrack provided by Outkast. #SundayFunday, It's really cold out, so Chris banged out a blog post. It's about... LAGERS!, Just waiting on our building permit and we'll be ready to go. #Salem2016, Next time that beer "expert" tells you that IPA "by definition" is a strong beer, here's some historical info on IPA strength to have in your pocket. We'll spoil it for you - Session IPA is nothing new., Flame-wielding performers. Piñatas. Goats and a pig. Beer. Do you need more info, really?, Paint being removed, brick coming to life., Proudly representing., Affirmative, this is our cat! #TBT, We are SO IN!, Our LP India Pale Lager launches this Friday, just prior to the Wilco show.
Join us at Stoddard's Fine Food & Ale from 5-7:30, where we'll also be giving this sweet signed #vinyl away (Thanks Wilco)!
Join us! Event link in the comments below., Snowman knows what's up.
Cheers to @wendellwriot for the photo!, It's back for another year, LP India Pale Lager! Our draft only session hoppy lager will begin hitting taps this week in MA. Hopped with Ella, Mosaic and Citra, brewed with a variety of German and American malts, and landing with a whopping ABV of 4.3%. Enjoy!, Brewery & Tap Room ceiling sneak peek. #salem2016, Goat & Pig Roast outside in February. Because that's how we roll.
Join us!, Chris tapping the first of this year's IPL at home. Maybe celebrating a Patriots win too!, Hey Team Notch, it's time to sign up for the Cambridge 5K Craicfest!, YES. Notch and Pilsner Urquell in the same article!
Now, can someone please line up a collaboration?, Block party in February. Get ready., Notch Brewery & Taproom
Opening in Salem, MA
Spring, 2016, Next Monday join us to celebrate the return of yet another hard to pronounce beer style from the Czech Republic!, Ladies and Gentlemen, we have stainless., Somehow we only scored one mention in rock themed beers! But it gets worse, we got beat by a dirty hippie Phish song! We will make amends in 2016, and Cambridge Brewing Company you are on notice., It's #NationalLagerDay, or as we like to call it, day!, null, #Salem2016, Whether you are decking the halls this year or not, our Black Lager is ready. Cheers to @DollysMuse for the great shot! #CernePivo, "Suitable for: Scratching the hop itch without losing your legs before the turkey’s carved.", Your Thanksgiving Day beer drinking strategy. Notch Session Pils gets the "early in the day" recommendation, and we'll be enjoying Black Lager around the fire-pit after post meal., null, Great read on trends of hoppy pale beers!, Tonight Chris joins the fine folks at Seacoast Beverage Lab Podcast at 8:30pm to talk about what's new. Join us!, Hello, weekend. Black lager on the stick at Row 34., Chris' latest blog update on the Salem brewery project. Demo, decisions and slight delays., Pumped to sponsor Soulelujah this month at The Middle East Upstairs and ZuZu. 
All vinyl dance party!, Whether you call it Černé Pivo or Black Lager, it's rolling out as we speak. Sightings so far at Craft Beer Cellar Newton, The Urban Grape, City Feed and Supply & Streetcar!, An old favorite now in cans, with a slight name change., Congratulations to Deacon Giles Distillery  right here in Salem!, Demo is well underway at the Brewery & Taproom! The demo guys like some really classic, classic rock., We forgot to tell you, but we have a new Single Series beer on draft. Try our new Dog & Pony Show tonight, at the Night of Awesome!, Ladies and Gentlemen, the time has come to join Team Notch for the Cambridge 5K Yulefest!, Ladies and gentlemen, give a round of applause for our newest addition to team Notch, brewer Nate Heck! The big man will be full time in our Salem brewery come 2016, but until then, he will be hitting the street for events and promotions, spreading the word of Notch. We are thrilled to have him on board!, Our small Black Lager can: Approved.
See you in a month, Černé Pivo!, Demo on the interior of our brewery started last week and will continue through next week. Many, many dumpsters. Also, the owner of the Whaler is docked and ready for the beer garden to open. Hang tight my man, Salem 2016!, A BIG welcome to Brent Parker!
Starting today, Brent joins us as our off-premise Brand Manager.
We're thrilled to have him on our team!, Hey #NorthShore, our pals at Bogie's Beer and Wine are putting on a huge Oktoberfest in Beverly tomorrow at 1pm to benefit Beverly Bootstraps!, Hey Cambridge, hit up Cambridge Common & drink all the Left of the Dial this weekend and it might just stay on tap permanently. We know you can do it!, Brewbound Brew Talks panel on Boston area brewers taking the next step. Honored to be in such great company., "(Our customers have) been there, done that and have moved on to more subtle yet elegant styles and are not drinking trophies and posting them on Instagram.”
Our fearless leader, in a nutshell. Now go tag us on Instagram., Thanks to all that came out to run with us yesterday at the VERT Race Series Fellsfest! Feel free to tag yourselves!, There's still time to join Team Notch at the 5th annual Cambridge 5K Oktoberfest. What will be the team swag, you ask? Here's a hint:, Great way to start the day, beers with our pal Lew Bryson., Civilized shopping at fredperry Newbury St., Oh, hey, our pals at Far From The Tree Craft Hard Cider representing!, Wisco! We've been having fun., FUN tonight in Central Square!, Old school gym style T's with a promise of things ahead. And we are selling T's on-line, the first time in our 5.5 year history!, Hello MA retailers, Left of the Dial is back in stock at Burke Distributing and at all MA wholesalers by tomorrow (both 6 & 12 packs). We are prepared for labor day, with a healthy supply of worker's beer!, Thursday! Blackout Sound System, a Central Square Sound Clash at Brick & Mortar!, Beer & Pies. Thursday Night!, Gonna be a scorcher today, so stay cool.
Thanks to @pjc1155 for the great picture!, After a day at the beach Sunday, we hit Woodman's of Essex top deck and got a nice surprise. Fried clams and Notch Pils await you this summer., Congrats to Far From The Tree Craft Hard Cider who gave their tap room a test drive last night. Go Salem!!!, Chris wrote a blog about our new beer, and now he can't find it. He claims it was too long to read anyway. 

But we do have a new beer hitting accounts this week - Either/Or, an American Pale Ale. Chris was planning on brewing an IPL, but tank space at Ipswich was too tight for a lager this summer. So here is that beer fermented with an ale yeast instead. 

It's draft only! So get out of the house, sit down with some friends, buy some rounds and talk about life. Cheers!, Last call to join us for the Cambridge 5K Fells Fest. We're ordering t-shirts for the team so you have until Friday to sign up!, Cheers to successful patio tour & thanks to Fletch for the great photo! See you all next year!
(Feel free to tag yourselves), Been to the Riverside BBQ Series series yet? This sunday will include our cold session beer as well as insanely delicious food from Naco Taco & Brass Union!, This week's DigBoston is a must read for local beer fans. Shout outs to friends Hopster's, Cambridge Brewing Company, Riverwalk Brewing, Lord Hobo Brewing Co, Mystic Brewery, Backlash Beer Co., as well as news on a brewery and tap room opening north of Boston next year., Our friends at Vanyaland are having a pool party. You're invited. Saturday the 25th at THE VERB HOTEL. This looks like fun!, We're thrilled to join our friends Cambridge Brewing Company pouring beer at this year's Cambridge 5K Octoberfest! 

Click the link below and join #TeamNotch for even more fun, and perhaps some appropriate glassware., Patio Tour is back this Wednesday with our friends at River Bar!, Yesterday was so bonkers we forgot to share this...have a little look at #1!, More news from today's The Boston Globe!, More on the Brewery & Taproom!, Some 22 years ago in Charlestown, Chris signed a lease for a brewery space. Yesterday, he chose Salem., Happy 4th! The backyard Berliner Weisse tradition continues., Looking forward to hanging with our pals at La Brasa on Monday. 
3 courses, 3 beers, show up when you want any time after 7, and no brewer discourse. Notch approved., This Sunday. We'll be there!, null, Summertime means Cambridge 5K hits the trails with the VERT Race Series. First up: Sasquatch. Click on the link below and join the fun with Team Notch!, Left of the Dial cans back in stock at our MA wholesalers! Pils cans back in stock tomorrow. Plenty more coming, Keep drinking up! #sessionbeer #summer, Hitting taps next week, the return of the Mule! Our American Corn Lager is ready to refresh you this summer. Chris already wrote two blogs about the Mule and using corn in brewing, so he's pretty much beaten this topic into the ground. So here's last year's if you want the answer to: CORN?!?, null, Via Food Republic. 
And yeah, we're sticking to our definition of "session".
Side note: Welcome back, patio table!, Big thanks to all that came out to run on Team Notch at the Cambridge 5K Freedom Run yesterday!, null, null, This event will also be the 2015 release of The Mule! 
American Corn Lager in liters!, Corn Lager from the lagering tank. Summer is coming, and The Mule will be ready., Weekend! Make it a great one., New coasters are looking sharp, kid.
#YesYouCan, Excited to hang with our friends at BeerAdvocate & KO Catering & Pies next Thursday. Pre #ACBF throwdown in celebration of the can! #YesYouCan, Workers' beer makes the The Boston Globe!, Thanks Yahoo, we agree!, It's back. New patio season, new liter mugs to the first 25 to arrive!
We start the season with our pals at Brewer's Fork in Charlestown., null, Still time to join us for Cambridge 5K Freedom Run!, It's probably a bit late to mention that it's #BikeToWorkDay in Boston. How about biking to your favorite publican after work? TGIF!, On this day in 1932, New York City Mayor Jimmy Walker organized a day-long beer rally known as the “We Want Beer Parade.” Nearly 100,000 people showed up in support of repeal and the legalization of beer., Good read from All About Beer Magazine., Our pals at The Barmobile are in the final 4 days of their fundraising, this is something VERY cool we can get behind!, TGIF!
Looking for our latest Single Series offering?
miracle of science Cambridge will have Zen Arcade on the stick all weekend for your drinking enjoyment., Zen Arcade on the stick at Bukowski Tavern!, Left of the Dial IPA now on tap at Lone Star Taco Bar!, You know what is less cool than these hops? Corn! It's the Mule brewday! Corn lager coming your way, just in time for the summer solstice., Say hello to Zen Arcade! Our next Single Series beer starts hitting taps this weekend., Only 5 years in, it's quite humbling to receive such praise., Out little IPA turns 2 today. Happy Birthday, #LOTD!
(Thanks to George Thompson for the throwback photo!), Cambridge 5K's #FreedomRun is right around the corner. Come run with #TeamNotch!, TGIF! Let's weekend! #YesYouCan
(photo courtesy of @craftrevolution), "For far too long, Chris Lohring sat alone on his low-ABV soapbox, advocating for beers that wouldn’t leave you punchy after one pint. Oh, how the world has changed since 2010!" Thanks for the shout out, Boston Magazine!, It was 5 years ago Chris brewed the first two Notch beers, on the same equipment he apprenticed on decades ago. Five years of session beer. Thanks for the support!, Patio season is finally upon us. Notch Saison is ready.
#YesYouCan, #SessionBeerDay is tomorrow night at Deep Ellum, join us for all the fun!, #SessionBeerDay is next Tuesday so naturally we'll be celebrating with our friends at Deep Ellum. Small beers in big glasses! Join us!

https://www.facebook.com/events/1817974488427789/, Afternoon snack at Toro? Yes please., We're thrilled to be joining our friends at Stoddard's Fine Food & Ale and DigBoston to benefit Team With A Vision!, Fortune Magazine has declared spring "Saison season". We agree! 6 and 12 pack cans of our refreshing worker's beer available now!, Today would be beer critic Michael Jackson's 73rd Birthday. Our  first, and maybe last, beer hero. Raise a glass to the man behind #InternationalWhiskyDay!
(photo taken in 1994 at Tremont Brewery), We love this. Martha of Pretty Things Beer & Ale Project looking BOSS on the cover of DigBoston., null, Big thanks to Megan Parisi, head brewer at Wormtown Brewery for naming our Černé Pivo as "The Best Beer (That’s Not Mine!)". Such an honor to get a shoutout from a brewer and brewery that we respect so much., null, Lots of beery info on the growing New England beer scene. And we get a spot in the top 21!, Let the slaking of thirst begin! Notch Saison is back and starts shipping this week in 6 and 12 pack cans., It's that time again! Join Team Notch at the Cambridge 5K Freedom Run! #c5kfree

http://www.eventbrite.com/e/cambridge-5k-freedom-run-2015-tickets-15769301405, It's on, people. Session Beer Day with our friends at Deep Ellum. Be there.
#SessionBeerDay, We are in zero brackets, not even some kind of NIT equivalent. So we won't be begging for votes. #sessionbeer., It's our annual day drinking extravaganza with our friends at Parlor Sports! Join Zac from 2-4 or 6-8 pm tomorrow for #sessionbeer fun and cool giveaways! Also: basketball!, Ready for Cambridge 5K Craicfest. Proper faucet for Czech pils., Our new draft only Single Series beer hits taps starting this weekend (and at the Cambridge 5K Craicfest on Sunday). It's a hoppy American Bitter, and Chris wrote a blog about it. Forgive him, inspiration can come from strange places., You Gotta Fight., First cans off the printer. Summer of Saison. #sessionbeer, Brew day. Something new coming in cans., Happy Saturday. Oysters and Pilsner for us., Yes, the photos are pretty, but our local restaurants, bars, and liquor stores have been hit HARD by these storms. Please #DigOutDineOut & support local., Pilsner. Go figure., Thanks to The Boston Herald's Kerry Byrne for highlighting our latest  Single Series offering, Rauchbier!, Hey, Boston area peeps, Thrillist has some really great recommendations of Instagram folks to follow (we're a bit partial to this shot from our pals at Roxy's Grilled Cheese).
http://www.thrillist.com/entertainment/boston/20-boston-instagrams-you-need-to-follow-right-now, If you can, get out there, support your local, and tip your servers well., PIzza and Beer. TGIF!, Mash pH spot on. A hoppy pale bitter on its way to the brew kettle. Target 3.5% ABV. This beer is headed to NERAX at Lord Hobo Brewing Co in March, see you there?, Rauchbier steam coming out of the brewhouse stack. Our draft only Single Series embraces all that is winter with a smoky dark lager inspired by the beers of Bamberg., While you may spend most of today inside, Outside Magazine gives a nice shout out to session beer, including Notch Session Pils., Snowman knows what's up. Happy Saturday!, For your Friday afternoon reading enjoyment., Černé Pivo does require your immediate attention, because it's just about gone!, We launch our German Rauchbier at 6:00PM tonight at La Brasa in Somerville. Stop by for smoky beer, smoky tacos and a Notch liter glass for take home! And check out the remarkably short blog post from Chris on the beer itself. Prost!, Notch goes to VT and what do we drink? Pilsner. Hanging with Allen and Jamie from Lost Nation., null, If you were following the aftermath of the recent Bos Mag story on  Sam Adams, here's a follow-up. And Notch gets a nice mention too., Hey y'all. We are still here. Lots of news coming, including our Rauchbier release at La Brasa on Jan 20. News soon., Thanks for another great year of #SessionBeer!
Chris, Zac, Mary Ellen, Rebecca, Liz & Rob., Hey Boston: looks like some fun from our friends at The Lawn on D!, Always an honor to be served at Deep Ellum!, And to all a good night., Great night at The Lobster Shanty last night, thanks to everyone for coming out & spinning their singles, including our pals from Far From The Tree Craft Hard Cider & Deacon Giles Distillery!, null, Hey Team Notch, you ready to sport this cozy hat at the Cambridge 5k on Sunday?, NPR All Things Considered takes a look at #SessionBeer!, Deep Ellum: a great place to spend time on a day like today., “I don’t think you need to have a ton of beer in order to have a great beer list. You just need to put a lot of thought into what you’re doing.”  Great press for River Bar!, Beer Geek Saturday: Notch gets recognized twice for commercial examples in the Beer Judge Certificate Program style guidelines, and we are thrilled to see Czech beer styles getting more recognition., Three of these guys ready for a handpump. Rauchbier on the way to the fermenter. It's dark larger season!, Černé Pivo returns! This is the fourth winter our small black lager will bring some joy to your seasonal pack of sadz. However, it's draft only this year, so belly up to your local and buy a round or two. Cheers!, Big thanks to Northshore Magazine for including us in their big Food Issue!, Our friends at Craft Beer Cellar with great pairing recommendations for Thanksgiving dinner, including our very own Left of the Dial! Thanks Suzanne!, It's time for some Parlor Sports hi-jinx. Three Notch drafts and some fun giveaways while we watch the Habs go down.

UPDATE: Černé Pivo makes it's first appearance of the season tonight! Small black lagers all around!, Nice way to ease into November. Right?, That's right, a bar crawl featuring WHISKEY, BEER and BOOKS. 
We'll be kicking it off on Saturday at Deep Ellum at 2:30, joined by our friends Lew Bryson, author of "Tasting Whiskey: An Insider's Guide to the Unique Pleasures of the World's Finest Spirits" (and founder of The Session Beer Project) and Lauren Clark, author of "Crafty Bastards: Beer in New England from the Mayflower to Modern Day."
Join us!, Have you tried our Long Play IPL yet? Dry hopped with Citra, Ella and Hull Melon. Draft only. 4.3% ABV #SessionBeer, Chris is honored to have been asked to participate in All About Beer Magazine's "Pull up a Stool"., Zac just posted this beauty. Hope everyone had a great weekend!, Notch Saison gets a nod as one of the best beers under 4% ABV in Men's Journal. Workers beer for the win!, TONIGHT, five of our beers will be on draft, including Long Play IPL and the last keg of Hootenanny! Say hello!, Thanks to everyone that came to our LP release party last night! Long Play IPL is hitting draft around MA this week and month, and we have a bunch of beer updates in our blog post. We say hello to some new friends, and say goodbye to others., Hey #Portland, thank you for your relentless support of #SessionBeer!
(Photo courtesy of our friend Andrew Sylvia), null, Sammy is ready for the weekend!
(Photo courtesy of our friend Josh Bernstein.), Back at it. Černé Pivo brew day!, Always a great time, join #TeamNotch! 
If last year is any indicator, you might just end up on our holiday card., Cheers to #TeamNotch at the Cambridge 5K Oktoberfest. We came, we were #1 with a baby stroller, and we drank beer before noon on a Sunday. Well done, team., Saturday! Make it a good one.
(Photo courtesy of our friend Liz McCarthy.), Left of the Dial brew today. Many manifolds., Our Polotmavý, brewed with 100% #Weyermann malt, is still available on draft at your favorite watering holes!, Fantastic article on Czech brewing focusing on pale lagers, and the distinct differences between the 10 plato and 12 plato beers. The 10 is session strength (what Notch Session Pils is modeled after) and the 12 is standard strength (what the US would call a pilsner). Yes, we care about these things, even if the US beer expert does not. We are an odd bunch.

Also, the old cliche that "lager yeast is a bottom fermenting yeast"? Check out the photo.

, Hello to our friends in Maine! We are now available at Whole Foods Market: Portland, Maine, Bier Cellar, RSVP Discount Beverage, Tully's Beer & Wine & Old Port Spirits and Cigars through Nappi Distributors! Thank you for supporting #SessionBeer!, Tonight! It's Monday Night Football at Stoddard's Fine Food & Ale with KO Catering & Pies and Notch Brewing! , TGIF!, The fine folks at Alden & Harlow decompress after a job well done.
Instagram photo courtesy of @mscelfo, null, Nice piece on Session Beer by Andy Crouch in this month's industry trade mag, Mass Beverage Business. Notch gets a mention and some nice reviews! , Hello retailers! Left of the Dial is back in stock at our wholesalers! We are trying to keep up, sorry for the out of stock last week. #sessionbeer, Tonight at The Urban Grape!, Because Chris is up north on his first vacation of the year (fishing for smallies, drinking small beer), he ran out of time for a blog post on Polotmavý. Do not despair, we have the original post from two years ago, and it's worth another read. 

But there are two updates worth mentioning! First, the beer is draft only this time, so get off your couch and go talk to your neighbors. Second, the recipe was adjusted to highlight the malt and not the hops. Sorry hop heads, but a hoppy lager with all the new wave hops is coming soon. In the mean time enjoy this malty session beer! , null, We just opened up Team Notch for the annual Cambridge 5K Yule Fest. Run with us, get some cool stuff, drink out of large vessels, have fun!, Our friends at Drink Craft Beer have a great beer can chicken recipe featuring our Left of the Dial IPA! They also have a Green Egg. We are jealous., Get out of the pumpkin patch, and into a classic Czech style lager this fall. , null, It's still Koozy season!, The new Imbibe Magazine makes for some great Weekend reading, from Joshua M. Bernstein's "Craft: What does it mean anymore in the beer world?" to Lauren Clark's "Game On: Boston’s beer scene keeps getting better and better." Also lots a great shout outs to local friends (and yes, us as well). Link to PDF below.
 
, Happy #RedheadDay to all of our redheaded brethren!
Photo courtesy of Tennille Doyle, member., Tonight from 7-8:30 Chris will be joining Lauren Clark at Brookline Booksmith for some New England beer history talk and beer tasting. Lauren will also be signing her new book, Crafty Bastards: Beer in New England from the Mayflower to Modern Day. Join us!, Hootenanny gets some love from the Boston Globe! , Excited for this project to come to life. In the mean time, check out the JP Beer Garden pop-up dinner on Sept. 8, 6:30 p.m at Vee Vee. The Mule will be served!  
, Sun sets over the Mass Brewers Fest. Happy long weekend!, Friday, join the Massachusetts Brewers Guild as we celebrate the 2014 Mass Brewers Fest! Notch will be pouring the Mule, Hootenanny, and another beer we've been holding onto just for this fest. All MA brewed, all with MA ingredients. , Hey Boston, there is still some time to drink and play outside! Notch Pils and Left of the Dial IPA, available at at brand new Lawn at D., null, null, Want to run a beautiful trail race in #Ipswich and then drink liter mugs with wolves? The VERT Race Series: Big Bad Wolf is the race for you., Some well deserved press for our friends at Valley Malt! #SupportLocalFarms, Oh Willi glass, how we love thee. Want one of your very own? Join Zac at Asgard Irish Pub & Restaurant in #Cambridge tonight from 6-8!, This is very compelling project on the beer industry. Some heavy hitters in this trailer with much to say. But not Chris, he's just a one second blip hanging out next to an Elvis lamp. 

Check it out, and if you think it's worth it, they could use a hand.
, null, It's corn season! The gourds can wait. Big thanks to Gary Dzen from the Boston Globe for showing our small lager some big love., A canned summer seasonal beer from Notch. 
What's on your wish list? 
We'll have one in 2015, so let us know!, Some very good insight from Norman Miller, The Beer Nut.
We are also a bit partial to the image.
, The Liter Mug Patio Tour rolls on! Join us on Wednesday at the Sinclair for large glasses of small beer. Liter mugs while they last. , null, We support this message. And we'll be drinking out of the now famous Notch Liter mugs this Wednesday at The Sinclair patio. , We love The Naumkeag Ordinary and will now begrudgingly participate in #IPADay because this photo they took is pretty epic.  #SupportLocal, Once again it is The Urban Grape/ Urban Hops that captures a beautiful shot of our newest beer., Thrilled to be Brewery of the Month at The Kirkland Tap & Trotter!, Corn in beer is good. Trust us.
An excellent read from WaPo., The Mule is back! Our American Corn Lager hits the streets this week, and our blog is here with updates. , #TBT fun with our friend Tod Mott of Tributary Brewing Company!
We cannot confirm that this was session beer., The Mule is back. Hitting retail and draft next week. Blog update on our American Corn Lager coming soon., The last of Hootenanny Berliner Weisse. Last of the draft flowing now, what's on the shelves is it. It was a hit! See you next summer, friend., Missed out? Stay tuned!, "The king of the lawnmower beer!" We'll wear that badge with honor. And for the record, our Pils emulates the “tap” beers of the Czech Republic, not Britain (as stated in the article)., It was the oddest of weeks. We are not even sure what happened in the last 48 hours, but one thing is certain, liters of session beer will be flowing tonight as we say goodbye to our friend The Old Spot. 

Someone tried to take away our small beers served in large glasses, and they lost. Long live session beer!, Gemütlichkeit Galore. Thanks to everyone that came out last night!, The Boston Herald's Kerry Bryne with a nice shout out to Notch and tonight's Liter Mug event on the Firebrand Saints patio!, We endorse this message., Big thanks to our 98 strong Team Notch who killed it at the VERT Race Series, and a special shout out to Lee who ran the race and then helped slake the thirst of all of the thirsty runners! #666, null, Summer is short & you guys are killing it.
Thanks to @brainofrich & Benjamin Serraillier for the great shots!, null, Your moment of Zen., Our backyard table is killing it. DM us for details on appearance fees. And this is a nice article on two local Berliners hitting this week. , Hootenanny release party tonight at Brick & Mortar with Barrence Whitfield on the turntables! And of course, Chris wrote a way too long blog post about Hootenanny. A summer beer released in the heart of summer, it won't last long (the beer or summer), so enjoy!

PSA: The beer starts shipping to retail today (draft & 22s)., Barley field on the banks of the Connecticut River in Hadley Massachusetts courtesy of Valley Malt. Local, more than a slogan., A beautiful sight last night at Audubon. Big beers for all!, Barley field on the banks of the CT river., We know you are excited for the release of Hootenanny next week, but our Summer of 2014 Liter Mug Tour kicks off this Thursday on the back patio at Audubon. Free Notch liter mugs - get there before we run out! , null, Nice piece by Nate Byrnes on session beers. There will be some math, be warned, but it's fun math. And, MA package stores are open today! , A pre-Independence Day public service announcement. , It's on! Tap handles came today., null, You guys really know how to weekend. Here's to a 4 day week!, Nice, our pils label made a BuzzFeed list! Cheers Holland-Mark!, HEY IT'S A CONTEST! There are 50 six packs of Left of the Dial IPA hitting in stores now that have colored tabs. Find one, take a photo, tag us, and we'll send you a t-shirt! Good luck!, Join us at Flat Top Johnny's at 4:00 on Friday for beers on the patio and oysters for a buck! Let's weekend!, Big thanks to Chris Sheridan, beverage manager of The Tip Tap Room, Bukowski Tavern & Parish Cafe for the shout out!, We saw this tweet last night and nearly died. Cheers to the Boston Red Sox for adding more local beer options!, Berliner Weisse brew day. Day 2. Lacto bugs did their job. Now they must die., Berliner Weisse brew day. Part 1. Brew kettle as fermentation vessel is go., Brewing The Mule today. Corn lager FTW!, A great response to The Food Babe's false and wholly self-serving campaign against beer via Brookston Beer Bulletin. Friends, if you see FB friends reposting this dumb campaign, please direct them to this blog that references people that actually brew beer.
, Cans. Go figure., Last year we filmed the final days of the old Ipswich Brewery (aka Mercury) while brewing the Mule Corn Lager. This Friday we are brewing the Mule again, but at the new Ipswich Brewery. The new place is beautiful, and we'll share pics and vids on Friday during the brew. Corn lager returns in July!, More Left of the Dial 6 packs and kegs being filled today. 12 packs and kegs back in stock as of last Friday. Also brewing 300 bbls of Pils today. Summer, we are ready., G & T with a Pils back. Or a Pils with a G & T back. Cocktails are complicated. Summer is freakin' glorious., We've upgraded the Pils 12 pack handles for your carrying pleasure! Constant improvements here at Notch., Cheers to all that ran with us at the Cambridge 5K Freedom run! Feel free to tag yourselves!, How to sample #sessionbeer:, Best bar in Boston. Let's do this. #playball, Left of the Dial tasting great. Small beer, big glasses, and kick ass patio at Audubon. Beautiful day., Our pils gets a shout out from Bon Appétit Magazine!, Ok Cambridge 5K, Team Notch is ready for the Freedom Run next Sunday. Bring it on., Post-brew beers with the gents from Two Roads. Pretty cool beer garden tap., The fine folks at Boston Magazine have something here. #Sessionbeer in the summer? Who would have thought? Chris also gives a sneak peek of what we have up our sleeves in a month or so., Making plans for the long weekend? The Salem Ferry is up and running and our Pils is available on board!, Notch gets two picks as top summer beer! Both available in cans and 12 packs for your summer enjoyment., Man, you guys were thirsty. We are happy to be seeing fresh Left of the Dial IPA just tapped at some our finest local establishments. Confirmations at Stoddard's Fine Food & Ale, The Kirkland Tap & Trotter, Cambridge Common, and The Abbey. Seen it somewhere else? Let us know below!, Tod Mott is an absolute icon in the craft beer industry. Let's help give him a brewery of his very own!, Nice shout out in Sunday's Boston Globe on backyard options left of the dial. And more Left of the Dial is rolling back into stores this week!, Hey Beverly, Left of the Dial IPA is back in stock at Bogie's Beer and Wine! Give Bodie a pat on the head when you're there!, Happy Bike to Work Day! #BTWD14, Sometimes we have a very good day., We forgot to celebrate, but we turned 4 in April. So instead, we put together a little slideshow of the last 4 years. Thanks everyone!, Left of the Dial IPA back in stock at wholesalers today (later in the week for North of Boston)! #sessionbeer  #owowow, Good read., Back in stock at wholesalers today! Cool shot courtesy of CraftCans.Com!, Looks like Craft Beer Cellar Westford is ready for Zac's tasting tonight. Stop by and say hi, 5-7! #BTW #TheresAHockeyGame #YouNeedBeer, Some Left of the Dial IPA love from Norman Miller, The Beer Nut in the MetroWest Daily News! Thanks Norm!, Woo hoo! Check out our NEW Pils 6 packs! #YesYouCan, We'll be rocking First Thursday in JP tonight - Chris will be at Streetcar sampling from 5-7PM, while Zac will be at Grass Fed from 6 - 8PM. Rumor has it we'll be handing out our old school Notch foamy koozies., Big thanks to so many who came to the Left of the Dial launch at State Park. It got weird, or great. We're not sure., How was your weekend? On Saturday we visited one of our favorite spots: Karl's Sausage Kitchen & European Market, where we snapped this classic. Prost!, Left of the Dial brew this afternoon. 2PM start! See you at midnight., Hey Team Notch, the Cambridge 5K VERT Big Bad Wolf Race is now open! (great photo courtesy of Tamagini Visuals)
http://www.vertraceseries.com/sasquatch/, Amazing Left of the Dial IPA review in The Boston Globe!, Listen in tomorrow at 10 as Chris and Zac spin some left of the dial classics on WMBR 88.1FM's Late Risers' Club! You can stream as well, if you must. #LOTD, Yes. Wow. #LOTD, Monday at State Park in Cambridge, celebrate the release of our new year round beer, Left of the Dial IPA, with music from the left of the dial. , Our friend Thor has long been an inspiration for Team Notch. Yesterday when we were 4 beers in, he had his first. At mile marker 25.5. #beast #100thMarathon #LOTD, null, Way to show 'em how it's done, Boston.
(BIG thanks to raisingthebarstool.com for the photo!), Thrilled that our pils is on this list - now available in 6 pack cans!, Left of the Dial IPA available now!, Ahh! Check out this amazing new display at Craft Beer Cellar The Annex!
More about LOTD here: http://www.notchbrewing.com/2014/04/14/left-of-the-dial-returns/, Left of the Dial IPA is back! 6 and 12 pack cans. Chris wrote a really, really long blog about it for your reading pleasure., So honored to have our Pils listed as one of the top 10 spring beers on Deadspin!, Have to agree with our friend Garrett that Picco and Pils are perfect for a day like today!, We'll be here all weekend with Left of the Dial, say hello! And when you are fatigued by the hop overload, we'll have a tasty Pils ready to reset your taste buds. It's what we do. , #TBT a real standout photo from Monday's #SessionBeerDay from @pinkshoe!, Thanks to everyone that came out to celebrate Session Beer Day! , It's been a breakout year for our small black lager. Here's a few nice words from All About Beer Magazine, We neglected to post this yesterday because we posted our *very serious* Session Beer Day Manifesto, but it was so great to see some Session Beer love from the fine folks at BDC Wire! Our little black lager FTW!, Behold The Session Beer Day Manifesto: 

This Session Beer Day, founded by the father of American Session Beer, Lew Bryson, Notch shall celebrate Session Beer as follows:

Beers of  4.5% ABV or less, flavorful, and built for multiple rounds. No negotiation, no interpretation.

Larger vessels, such as the Willi, Nonic and Glaskrug shall display your allegiance!

Stemmed glassware and all its variants shall be shunned!

Vessel sizes of 1/2 liters, imperial pints and full liters shall be celebrated!

Vessels sizes of less than 16 oz shall warrant a surcharge (said surcharge all ready applied in most locations)!

Toasts must be boisterous and plentiful, and begin with a rousing "hear, hear"!

Speak no ill will of beer, but speak not of beer! Speak of politics, religion, sport, art, love and friendship. But never bore your comrades with beer geekery!

Evaluating beer through swirling, excessive sniffing or discussion (see above) shall bring a swift boot!

Non-verbal actions, such as nodding one's head in approval of beer being consumed is allowable.

Note-taking or mobile app rating of any beer shall be cause for expulsion from any fun, forever!

Social media sharing of Session Beer Day shall be encouraged, especially during boisterous toasts of Glaskrugs and general session beer awesomeness! 

All right! Pretty cool! And look, that thing about mobile app rating...you guys want to get your Untappd badges, okay, but get it done and stop noodling. Drink and talk, drink and sing, drink and laugh, but here's my addition to the Manifesto: Session Beer Day isn't about the beer as much as it's about the drinking and the drinkers, and what we do while we're drinking. Have fun, enjoy the day, enjoy the company. Be German: talk to your tablemates. Be English: buy rounds. Be Czech: drink the same good beer at a steady pace all day. Be American: be loud!, Glaskrugs are coming at you, Deep Ellum!, #SessionBeerDay made the Village Voice, and we got a shout out!, Lock this down on the calendar. Yes, it's a Monday, but it's session beer and you'll feel great on Tuesday AM while admiring your new Notch liter mug. We'll also be posting the session beer day manifesto shortly (you know, buying beers in rounds and other cast off beer traditions). See you at Deep Ellum!, You guys catch the wicked smaht RunKeeper joke this morning? We're  famous, kid!, First can print coming off the line for color and registration check. The cans are made here at Ball, and then shipped to the brewery for filling., The Naumkeag Ordinary has a pretty solid line up. Happy Opening Day!, Our pal Lauren of Metter Media has a Notch liter. You want one? Parlor Sports. 6 pm tonight. Be there., 1994. Here's to the man behind #Internationalwhiskeyday. #TBT, You think Chris is looking forward to NERAX this year? Are you going? 
(big thanks to Fest Pics for the photo!), null, We love small beers in large glasses, and this Friday at Parlor Sports you can have both! Glasskrug (liter mug) giveaway while supplies last, Notch tap take over all night., Left of the Dial is coming back, and our brew day is tomorrow! We'll have a bunch more info coming soon, but Chris' blog from last March should help set the tone! 
, At a tasting this weekend, Chris explained that a 2 oz sample was not the best vehicle for evaluating session beer. The customer asked why, and his response was "the Pepsi Challenge". This was followed by an awkward silence. So here's a good overview if you don't know the background.
, Today Chris will be at Volante Farms in Needham for a grand tasting featuring all your favorite local beers. 12-4, stop by!, Happy #SaisonDay!, It's time people. Parlor Sports, where else?, Big night tonight! We join Team with a Vision at 6:00 for a fun run followed by Session Beers at Stoddard's Fine Food & Ale, then head down to Kenmore Square for a Massachusetts tap takeover at Lower Depths. Come join the fun!, Hey Team Notch, thawed out from the Craicfest yet? Good, because registration FREEDOM RUN on Sunday, June 1st opens today! 
Use the coupon code "LAUNCH" and save $8 (offer ends 3/19 @ midnight) 
http://cambridge5k.com/freedom/, An interview with Chris on why he left the Brewers Association, the business of contract brewing, and keeping it honest, always., Humbled by all the great folks that came out to run on our team for the Cambridge 5K Craicfest. Coming in FIRST PLACE was just icing on the cake. We love Team Notch!, Well, at least one of us are Irish. A very happy St. Patrick's Day, friends!, Tailgating in the sun today and tomorrow at Row 34, come on down!, Hey fest season: we are ready. Bring it on., "Seriously, power drinking is overrated. Be Frank and Dean!"
Our good friend Jamie Walsh of Stoddard's Fine Food & Ale gives insight into what our favorite barkeeps contend with on St. Patrick's day., Legit. Support your locals. Oh, also: it will be FUN., Team Notch is hard at training for the Cambridge 5K Craicfest on Sunday! (photo courtesy #TeamNotch member Ryan Farrell) #YesYouCan, Still snowing. Nice time to stop in for a pils at The Plough and Stars., A late afternoon of Pils & pals at Firebrand Saints., Row 34. Sunday and Monday, 1-6. $5 if you don't have a wristband. Zac and Chris at the stick. Not to be missed., Hey, let's try to get them to Boston! #LOTD, null, Hey Team Notch! We just picked up our team T-shirts for Cambridge 5K Craicfest, are you ready? There's still room for about 10 more runners, so spread the word!, Great piece on BABES in The Boston Globe today!, The Brewers Association has once again changed their "Craft Brewer" definition. Guess what, CORN is now allowed! We will pretend that our American Corn Lager, the Mule, was influential in that decision!
, "It’s better to give your money to an independently operating person in your area than to be giving your money to air freight and someone far away from your area and not feeding money back into it, that’s preferable." Yes., We'll be running and Černé Pivo will be flowing. A great cause, a fun run and session beers!, The Mule, American Corn Lager, makes Drink Craft Beer's top 13 of 2013!, Cool. Hello!, Our friends at The Urban Grape posted this inspiring customer profile this morning. We've seen Kyle on Team Night Shift Brewing at the Cambridge 5K races, nice to learn more about him. And RIP Pepe, we'd love to share a pils on the dock with him, too., We've been raving about Row 34, and as it turns out, GQ Magazine agrees! Coincidentally, they're tapping one of our Černé Pivo #casks tonight. What are you waiting for?, Making the most of it!, Our man Zac on the stick at Cambridge 5K, and a nice background piece on this fantastic race series. Come run with Notch on March 16th! We have new schwag for this race too..., Our cat Charlie enjoys his beer., Pre-Mission of Burma beers at Flatbread Somerville. Does anyone in MA know what the beer frame means. It doesn't look that way., The Notch Brewing team is back open for registration for Cambridge 5K Craicfest. We will not allow bib #1 to be taken from Thor Kirleis!, Late lunch. TGIF!, Great review of Michael Scelfo's new Alden & Harlow in The Herald today. We are thrilled to have gotten a shout out, too!, Back in Stock! Thanks to Albert's Market for the great photo!, A cask of the English Dream now pouring at Deep Ellum. This is an old school Yorkshire Best Bitter, brewed with Brit malt and hops and fermented with a Yorkshire ale yeast. Here's a quick vid of Chris' set-up while racking these casks., null, We've extended the Černé Pivo season this year into April! This Černé season has been draft only, but we roll out 22oz bottles starting Monday..., From "certifiably nuts" to widely copied in only 4 years, we welcome everyone jumping on the train., Our 12 Questions Series is back with Jamie Walsh of Stoddard's Fine Food & Ale fame. A local kid with a passion for local beer. , Racked casks of Černé Pivo today. No spices, no fruit, no vegetables, no gimmicks. We love our small black lager too much to trick it out., Back at it today. More pils coming your way! #BrewerNotPoet, Greetings from the Valley Malt Farmer Brewer Winter Weekend!, In good company at The Haven JP!, No math, just some charts. And, ahem, Session Beer FTW., The Farmer Brewer Winter Weekend hosted by our friends at Valley Malt is this weekend. Chris will be on a brewers panel talking about brewing with local malt. , Happening right NOW..., Chris with updates on beers from Notch in 2014, and some other random tidbits., OK folks, we already have over 100 runners on Team Notch and that's about all we can manage! If you ran on past Notch teams, you can still join for Craicfest, just shoot us a note and we'll make it happen. Thanks everyone! , Session beer..., New Cambridge 5K race and Team Notch is representing! Don't be that guy asking "how do I get that really cool Notch thing everyone has?" or "how come the Notch team gets quick beer service?" Just sign up with us, it's free and no skills are required.  , New Year's resolutions for craft beer. Pretty cool., A random year in review with Notch via Instagram photos, and  apparently, we like taking photos of beer, breweries, fests, food and the beach. We vote for more of the same in 2014!, May your beers be small and your glasses large.
Thanks for another year of believing in session beer!
From all of us at Notch Brewing., Cool overview of MA brewers in today's Globe, including Notch! Just for the record, Notch is not located in Salem as the article indicates. We are not  located anywhere, really. Chris brews primarily out of Ipswich MA, but also Stratford CT and Kennebunk ME, and used all of these breweries in the last month. Cheers!, Cheers to you and yours!, Some left of the dial Christmas selections courtesy of the fine folks at Slicing Up Eyeballs: The Legacy of '80s College Rock., Some kind words from Antler. Thanks for the shout out!, "Left of the Dial from a comically over-sized glass..." It was a fun year, and a FUN Session Beer Day in 2013., Salem! Join us on Sunday at Victorias Station Salem MA from 4:30 -7 for a tap takeover! We'll be bellying up with our IPL, Pils, Ale, Saison, Černé Pivo as we cheer the Pats into a playoff slot., Our last retail tasting of the year is tonight at Craft Beer Cellar Newton! Chris will be telling stories of session beer glory from 5-7PM., Our latest cask-conditioned beer, the English Dream, starts shipping this week, and is available only in cask! Brewed with all Brit malt, hopped with only EK Goldings, and fermented with a Yorkshire ale yeast, it is a classic Yorkshire Bitter., Did you know that our Session Pils and Černé Pivo can be blended to create a Czech beer called Řezané Pivo or "cut beer"? 

Just dropping more session beer knowledge from the land of lagers. 

And Notch Pils and Černé Pivo both on draft at Barrel House American Bar right now. Have fun kids., Next Monday we'll be joining Opus Affair at Stoddard's Fine Food & Ale for some good times & good drinks in support of our pals at  Girls Rock Campaign Boston. Join us!, Happy #LagerDay!, Kappy's Fine Wine & Spirits - Peabody: SOLD OUT. Thanks Fished Impressions!, Happy Repeal Day!, And in beer related news, our little black beer called Černé Pivo starts shipping to draft accounts this week! You missed saying it, and we missed brewing it. It's draft only to start, but bottles will hit in January. Here's our recycled Černé Pivo blog from last year (also a recycled blog from the previous year). It's still a fun read!, null, Winners. Cheers to Team Notch for making the Cambridge 5K YuleFest so fun!, Team Notch takes first place Masters Men's and Women's trophy, as well as 3rd place Team!, Get ready Cambridge 5K, we are bringing it tomorrow. Small beer in BIG glasses. Thirst will be slaked., Picking up the firkins! #TheEnglishDream, null, Screw the cold. We're smoking ribs., Woah. Have you guys seen this? A pig roast at Canary Square on Monday, Dec. 2nd. That's our kind of birthday party!, Notch is taking the weekend off., The English Dream cask racking day., Westford, are you ready for some Session Beer? 

Tonight Zac will be sampling our latest and greatest (ahem LP IPL) at Craft Beer Cellar Westford from 5-7 and then joining Chris for Pint Night at British Beer Company Westford from 7-9. Free Willys with every Notch!, Not impressed. 
Cheers to Fest Pics for this classic from the Drink Craft Beer Fall to Winter Fest!, All past Notch running team members that missed Yulefest registration - you can still join team Notch! We got to 100 runners pretty quick, but always have room for team vets. And our runners gift this race is crazy, and you'll be sad if you don't get one., No rest for us. Right back at it today with a new brew house to learn., Just got this amazing email from Howie at Short & Main  and it was too exciting not to share: "The menu has shaped up. House-made sausages (whole pig from Vermont arrived today!), a new batch of sauerkraut, smoked fish, spaetzle and a  pretzel. The Pils, LP, Saison and BSA are all cold and ready." 
This event is going to be INSANE. Head on out to Gloucester tomorrow and join us!, From last night's NERAX event: Černé Pivo on the hand pump. #SessionBeer worlds collide!, Kicking it old school part 2. #caskale, Kicking it old school today: Base Malt. #caskale #sessionbeer cc: NERAX, That's it folks, we have reached 100 Team Notch members for the Cambridge 5K Yule Fest. Insane., null, Ahem...

"The researchers found that drinking the light (lower ABV) beer with added salts produced the greatest benefits and didn’t put athletes at great risk of further dehydration, something that can occur with higher-strength beers."

Session beer FTW., Some of you may know that every summer Mary Ellen spends a week with Girls Rock Campaign Boston mentoring and empowering girls of all ages by showing them how they can ROCK. She is also one of a handful of guitar instructors now trying to raise money during their annual drive. Please consider giving what you can to this amazing organization!, Great WBUR radio spot on Valley Malt, including Trillium Brewing Company and Notch Brewing. Why local grain matters!, Now pouring at Lord Hobo. Enjoy your Friday!, A look at our brand new LPIPL tap handle, courtesy of Five Horses South!, Some love for our little lager today, as well as Chris' favorite 1-liner. Wanna guess what it is?, Can run today!, Imagine that, a session beer tap take over! Notch Pils, LP and BSA all pouring at the The Thirsty Pig in Portland, along with many other small beer comrades. , Our draft only India Pale Lager starts shipping Monday, and we have a blog! Ya, we had a release party last week, but our horse drawn beer wagon takes some time getting to our wholesalers. We'll post draft locations as they happen, because you'll need to get out of the house to enjoy this beer., Yesterday, without much fanfare, was the last brew day at the old Mercury Brewery, originally built in 1991. It was never an easy place to work, but the brewing team made it happen, every single day. I can’t say I’ll miss working in that brewery, but Notch wouldn't be here otherwise.  Zac and I shot some video this summer to document it., null, Tastes like victory., Filling Černé Pivo casks today!, Must try this!
Broccoli Cheddar Soup made with our Session Ale. 
Available at JJ Foleys Cafe., Welcome to Salem in October! #photobomb, Our 3rd Annual Valley Malt BSA rolls out this week, made with 100% Massachusetts malt. 

Musings on the beer here: http://www.notchbrewing.com/2013/10/08/valley-malt-bsa-2013/, We are admittedly still recovering from last night's IPL launch at Brick & Mortar. Thanks to all that came and participated, it was a blast!, For tonight's release party for our LP IPL at Brick & Mortar we've asked some of Boston's finest publicans to play their favorite LP side of all time. What LP side would you play of you were DJ?, We have a new beer so of course that's a reason to party! Join us at Brick & Mortar on Monday where we've invited our friends to play their favorite LP side of all time! DJs will include:

Dan Venskus - Lord Hobo
Evan Harrisson - Highland Kitchen
Nate Brown - Middlesex Lounge
Josh Bhatti - The Sinclair
Max Toste - Deep Ellum
Cousin Dave - Deep Ellum
Mark Francis - WMBR 88.1FM

Of course, this will be the first chance you'll have to try our new LPIPL. We'll be kicking it old school, join us! Details are here: 
https://www.facebook.com/events/1426980430855398/, Back at it: Černé Pivo brew today!, Heading to Valley Malt's Barleyfest today. We'll post pictures and you'll be sad you missed it., I've been a brewer for 20 years. This photo from 3 years ago documents the first time I stood in a barley field. EVER. More on that here: http://www.notchbrewing.com/2013/10/08/valley-malt-bsa-2013/, Our annual release of Valley Malt BSA calls for a blog post! Kick-off party tonight at Clover Food Lab in Harvard Sq, and the draft release later next week., Kudos to our friends at Parlor Sports for their well-deserved write up in the Herald - we're pretty fond of the photo, too!, Thursday at Clover Food Lab we launch the 2013 edition of our Valley Malt BSA! It's our yearly celebration of the Massachusetts grain harvest, all wrapped up in a funky little farmhouse ale., Are you having pils 12 pack sightings? Spread the word!, The women on Team Notch killed it at the Cambridge 5K Octoberfest yesterday, congratulations & thanks to everyone for coming out!, Cans are back in stock at our Boston area wholesaler, this means more 12 packs on the shelves this weekend! Thanks for the big support!, We don't have a photo contest, but Lee wins anyway. #yesyoucan, Busy day at the brewery. Session Ale brew, Session Ale and Saison packaging, cask filling, and two bloody fingers that ruined my VERT Race Series shirt. A few demons in the brew house today., Late lunch at Coppa Enoteca Boston., Free admission. $4 full pours. Beautiful location. Local Malt., Tasting tonight at this house. American Lit class flashbacks, anyone?, September is a month of non-stop tastings, events and beer festivals, and it's not over yet! Tonight we'll be pouring at the taste of The House of the Seven Gables on Salem Harbor from 5 - 8PM., One from the fans. We've graduated to the party bus beer. Proud day., Casks of our Session Ale dry hopped with Falconer's Flight are currently available at Barrel House American Bar in Beverly and Russell House Tavern in Harvard Square. Get it 
while you can!, We just had to cap our Cambridge 5K  Octoberfest Team at 80 - crazy! We have about 10 spots remaining, so if you want in on the Team Notch FUN, sign up soon!, Video from yesterday's canning run. The path of the righteous can..., Inspected, rejected., Post run beer(s)? Yes please.
(Photo courtesy of Michael Loconto of Area Man Drinks Beer), Our Valley Malt BSA will launch soon enough, but in the meantime, our friends at Valley Malt are hard at work planting next year's barley crop!, Huge congratulations to Team Notch who came in 3rd in the VERT Race Series Big Bad Wolf on Saturday. There's a whole lot of trophies in this photo!, Team Notch photos!, Tomorrow! We'll be running and pouring at the VERT Race Series Big Bad Wolf in Ipswich. Notch T-shirts for our team, beers for everyone!, Streetcar filled in for Chris during tonight's tasting, and probably did a better job. There was a Notch family emergency (all OK), but we'll be back to Streetcar in Nov!, Double brew day at Mercury. First up is our brand new hoppy lager that will hit the shelves and taps in late October. News on this one soon!, 12 Questions is back! This week we have Nate Brown from Middlesex Lounge with thoughts on burgers, craft beer and booze., Can update: you dig them. Sorry for the stock-outs and limited availability, we have more on the way. Let us know where you found them, and where you want them!, Cheers to Heather from DigBoston's Honest Pint. Good luck traveling the world like Caine in Kung Fu, looking for adventures! You will be missed., Chris will be at Redstone Liquors today from 4-7 PM for a tasting. We'll have 12 packs of Pils!, It's #ThrowbackThursday so why not. See anyone you know?, It's still summer out there, make the best of it!, Join us on Team Notch for the Big Bad Wolf 5 Mile trail race on Saturday 9/21. We take all levels of runners, and your crappy time will not  affect the overall results - only the top 3 runners count!, Nice shout out by John Holl on WBUR yesterday for our American Corn Lager, the Mule!, Not judging!, Get those chores wrapped up people, there's games to be watched!, Making Plans for the weekend? Notch Pils now available on Boston Harbor Cruises Salem Ferry & Salem Landing!, We'll be at Pemberton Farms on Saturday from 2 - 5PM for their annual Pemberfest beer tasting, as well as our first tasting at the new Craft Beer Cellar NE Annex in Winchester from 3 - 5PM. Two places at once - we've hit the big time., Zachary Antczak will be rocking the Great Lost Bear tonight in Portland, including the first Maine pour of our workers strengths Notch Saison (3.8% ABV). , Thought we'd pass on some fun our pal Michael Loconto shared with us over on Twitter!, Brew day, and this year's Valley Malt BSA is in the mash tun! That can only mean one thing - summer is still here, and fall is weeks away!, "I don't want to sit on the couch and drink something that has no flavor to it.... It is better to have two beers that taste great then to have six beers that don't taste like anything..."

First, get off your couch. Second, we often want more than two beers, and you don't need to sacrifice flavor, or sobriety, to do so. Stop building the myth, please., null, Greetings from the Legals harbor side roof deck. Notch Pils on tap. Happy weekend!, Test drive., Notch Pils cans begin shipping to retailers tomorrow in greater Boston! As usually, we have a long blog post to entertain you., An overview of the brewing scene North of Boston by Northshore Magazine., Pre-release backyard testing., Drink up people, we've got more mouths to feed. Welcome Archie (R) and Oliver (L), and congrats to Mary, Zac, and Caroline!, Hop additions., Getting close! Cans will hit the last week of August., 12 Questions is back! Our man about town Zac Antczak lines up Dan Venskus from Lord Hobo and the OTHERside fame!, Saturday! Make it a great one., On Point Radio had an excellent show on #craftbeer yesterday. We even got a mention! Listen to it here:, Ladies and gentlemen, bottles of The Mule: American Corn Larger are shipping today. #sessionbeer, Tonight, a cheese and beer tasting featuring cheese from Formaggio Kitchen ! Notch will have 5 beers, including our latest lager, the Mule, and Left of the Dial IPA. Things start at 5:00PM for some post work fun., It's here, the new segment on our blog, 12 Questions! Our man on the street Zac asks 12 questions to friends of Notch Brewing, and we post the reply. We kick it off with longtime supporter and beer friend, Mike Moxley., Notch with a mention!, This masterpiece was created last night at The Mule launch. We approve., Happy #IPADay!, Also tonight! Celebrate with the Late Risers' Club and WMBR for their summer party at the Middlesex Lounge. Rocking tunes spun, punk rock trivia, and the last of Left of the Dial (the beer, not college radio itself)., Well done, friends., This Thursday at Clover HUB at 8PM we release our new beer, the Mule! An American Corn Lager just in time for the last 7 weeks of summer. Read all about it in this way too long blog., We have a new friend joining the line up, albeit for a very short stint at the end of summer. The Mule, American Corn Lager. That's right, a summer beer for the end of summer! Our release party is Thursday at  Clover HUB, come join us!, null, First can inspection., Love this: team Notch doing what they do best. #sessionbeer , Our friend Lew from The Session Beer Project posted 2 blogs this morning. Definitely worth reading them both., Not approved., And you thought the nostalgia train had stopped? More tales of brewing in the 90's from your sage elders... take it away DigBoston, Crappy weather for a session beer..., Back in the 90s a few of us brewed a bunch of beer that people were marginally interested in drinking. It was lots of fun. Here is that story:, Tonight! Something we never, ever do. A beer dinner! We'll be hanging at Ten Tables in JP, when four of our beers meet four Ten Tables plates. Left of the Dial, Saison, Pils and Session Ale. It's a chill rolling seating starting at 5:30 and up to 9:30., null, This just about says it all. Thank you Team Notch!, Is everyone ready for Cambridge 5K VERT Race Series today? We are pouring Notch Saison and Session Ale, maybe Left of the Dial too. Race at 10:00, hydration starts at 10:30..., We are back at it today for 2 session of Summerfest! Amazing variety of Saisons on hand from New England brewers. We're pouring our humble worker's strength Saison, along with a Brett fermented and blended Saison.  , Busy weekend for us! Double brew today, Drink Craft Beer Summerfest on Fri and Sat, and then Cambridge 5K VERT trail race on Sun morning. Beer, running, and then more beer., Eventide, Portland!, Thanks to Drink Craft Beer for the pils shout out, see you all at the SummerFest this weekend!, Holy crap. We have over 70 runners on Team Notch for Cambridge 5K's VERT this Sunday., Hey North Shore MA peeps, have you checked out SALT Kitchen and Rum Bar in Ipswich yet? A bunch of us will be there tomorrow at 5:30 for our hyper-locally brewed beer and truly amazing food. Privateer Rum will also likely be consumed.  Join us, we really love this place!, The brand new Arc Nightclub & Lounge is described as "half dive bar half club". Notch Saison on draft and Pils in the bottle. Sounds good to us., Today we drink Notch., Back in stock just in time for the fireworks. Thanks to Redstone Liquors for the great picture!, Our funky little farmhouse friend  is back in stock in 6 packs. Slake your workingman's thirst!, "Today, Notch’s three-year-old brewing model seems especially prophetic." We are now, certainly, doomed., A hint into the lager we are brewing on Friday!, Interesting infographic on Millennials' beer buying habits. Do you agree?, Tonight at the The Independent, our fearless Zac is spinning vinyl w/Evan from Highland Kitchen! It all happens post-hockey, or during the OT, whatever comes first., We brew a brand new beer on Friday, and it's a lager!, The VERT Race Series is soon & we're putting our Team Notch t-shirt order together. Have you signed up yet? Do it!, A simple request for options., Inspiring read: our friend & Team Notch member Thor Kirleis ran a 100 mile trail race last weekend. Darkness, waist high water, and turkey sandwiches., Congrats David Liddle! Sign is looking good. Now everyone else go grab a Left of the Dial and a beef three way. , Zac hits the Indo on Monday., From our friends at Valley Malt. Winter Barley maturing even with more rain threatening., Back in stores this week!, Pils & Session Ale cases back in stock at our wholesalers yesterday! Trying to keep up w/ your thirst..., Drink Up! Drink local., Nice spot in the Salem News on the Cambridge 5K race series and their love of post-race local beer!, Raffling this bad boy off for the Salem Y, An interactive map that tracks beer data. Very cool., National running day is today. Get out there. Or join our team for the next VERT trail race!, Martyn Cornell chimes in on Session IPA. What do y'all think?, Happy Sunday!, Just another beer fest where we force people to speak Czech!, Great spot highlighting Czech beer. We had many Únětický lagers at the brewery with Max Pivero last spring! , I've been buying 6 pack carriers  from Norbert Wells since 1996 when he was at Standard Box in Chelsea. Today is his last day, as he retires at age 79. I sent him off with a liter., VERT trail race sign up is underway, and we'll be sponsoring a team again. This is a really fun trail race in the Middlesex Fells, with a post-race beer garden and all the usual Cambridge 5K hi-jinx., Ladies and gentlemen, please welcome Zac Antczak. Full time with Notch come Monday., Team Notch Membership has its priveleges. Join us for the VERT Race Series Sasquatch on July 14th!
http://www.vertraceseries.com/sasquatch/, Just one more from today, Chris' race number, with some mods., null, We did it! Notch wins the team division at the Cambridge 5K Freedom Run! Session beer for the win!, Race day! See y'all at Cambridge 5K Freedom Run this morning. There will be beer drinking before noon., Team Notch tech shirts as far as the eye can see!, 3 brews today. First up is Left of the Dial IPA (one more time this year!). And then our little lager, Session Pils, on deck for a double brew., We need a volunteer or two to help us pour beer on Sunday for Cambridge 5K. You see, the entire company is running, so we'll still be out on the course when the first runners hit the beer tent. And we will definitely not be in the front of the pack., Quick updates on upcoming beers in the blog! And for reasons that are beyond me, Facebook no longer picks up photos from the blog and previews them here. But it's a picture of liter mugs, red meat for session beer fans., Chris will conduct a seminar on session beer (!!!) at Julio's Beer Shop in Westborough this afternoon. Come geek out on small beer!, We have the largest team at Cambridge 5K Freedom Run!  , What do y'all think about this?, A beer blog named after a Replacements song reviews a beer named after a Replacements song., Great article by Jay Kumar with Thor Kirleis interviewed. Both on the Notch Running team and competing in the Cambridge 5K Freedom Run!, We love our runners. Team Notch!, Cambridge 5K Freedom Run starts with an optional Kayak Race. Team Notch will represent!, Sometimes it takes a photo., null, We just ordered our team shirts for the Cambridge 5K Freedom Run & got extras for you laggards not yet signed up., Drinking Left of the Dial out of a Purple Disney princess glass that lights up? Works for us., Thanks for the lager love!, "5 to Try" from this month's Imbibe Magazine. Very cool to have our funky little farmhouse included in this list!, Every day is session beer day. But we can get behind this!, Spring barley popping out of the ground at Valley Malt!, Notch Pils pouring at Legal Seafoods Harvard Square outdoor bar in Notch cups!, Rock it out with the ladies of Girls Rock Camp Boston at Brick & Mortar tonight. A $1 from each Notch Session Ale or Notch cocktail goes right to GRCB. Chris from Notch is first up on the turn tables, and he'll hand it off quickly to GRCB!, Cyclocross and Session Beer! Photo courtesy Not Quite Belgian., It was just another Tuesday night in the world of session beer., Three races coming up, and Team Notch represented in each.  Freedom Run (5/25/13),  SASQUATCH (7/14/13), and Big Bad Wolf (9/21/13). Swag for Notch runners, beer line cutting privileges and a Notch drinking vessel - go session beer!, It's no big secret that we love Girls Rock Camp Boston. Join us next week for some tunes and fun!, Some nice words from Gary Dzen over at the The Boston Globe!, We are grateful to be back at it today with a tasting at Craft Beer Cellar from 5 - 7PM. We'll have plenty of Left of the Dial!, Some Left of the Dial props from Honest Pint & DigBoston. We're in some good company - thanks guys!, Hats off to one of Team Notch's running crew, Thor Kirleis., We are honored to be pouring at Taste of the Nation tomorrow night. Please join us to sample some of Boston's finest food & drink while doing what we can to end childhood hunger., null, Small Beer, Big Glasses! What a day., Session Beer Day 2013, We put a bunch of fun photos from Session Beer Day on the event page! Please add if you have more!, It's Session Beer Day, and we celebrate 3 years of brewing! Thanks to everyone who supported and believed in us. Left of the Dial in liters at 4PM!, Mary Ellen was on air yesterday with Adam XII on RadioBDC chatting session beer. They embarrassed her by closing the interview by playing her 90's radio hit!, RT @adamxii: Mary Ellen from @NotchBrewing came by @RadioBDC to chat & I played Trona's "Johnny Quick" &  she blushed http://t.co/wEvEHHco2X, Sunday, go small or go home!, This my friends, is a full liter. We will be giving 50 away on Session Beer Day; the first 25 go to the Honest Pint runners, second 25 go to the first to show at Deep Ellum. Details are here: http://www.facebook.com/events/148208125348162/, Nice take on the state of Session Beer with Lew & Chris as we approach the big day on Sunday!!!, Opening Day. Cheers to the love of hopeless causes!, Salem's annual Bacchanalia tonight!, Next week is jammed with Notch fun. Our tap take over Canary Square on Tuesday, pouring at City Feed and Supply's First Thursday event, then serving up one-off hopped up casks at Drink Craft Beer's Springfest on Friday and Saturday. 

And we'll finish this week 'o fun with our 3rd Anniversary Party, which happens to be National Session Beer Day!!!. And Left of the Dial hits the streets too. Rest up kids, liter mugs await!, Some self-promotion here, but also a link to a writer you should be following. Take it away Lew Bryson..., Listening to WMBR 88.1FM Late Risers Club, and what comes on? Left of the Dial. Made my month., The kids will have their say... and the kids wanted IPA. This will hit next week, so here's a bit of background on our next limited release., Great read and further proof the current administration wants to keep Boston as the place "where fun goes to die." Big congrats to Trillium on their opening and their continued fight against non-sense., Racking casks of our Spring beer!, Tonight, we'll be pouring at Ball Square Fine Wines and talking shop with other local brewers. Come have some fun on a Monday., We are pouring on Saturday, and love Spring Fling! Get as weird as you want, it's Salem!, null, Today is an official half day for Notch. We are clocking out at noon to head to the NERAX industry session, and then we'll be at Parlor Sports this afternoon for March Madness and specials on 1/2 liters of Notch Pils. The MBTA is our friend today. Cheers!, NERAX is in full swing pouring over 40 cask ales, lagers and ciders at once, and over 100 through the weekend. This is amazing! Look at the list from NERAX in 1998, and see how far cask ale has come!

US: 
Allagash Double Ale, 
Back Bay IPA, 
Brooklyn Pennant and Brown, 
Commonwealth Classic Stout and Yorkshire Special Bitter, 
Emerald Isle (Warwick, RI) Bank Street Ale and Porter, 
Gritty's Best Bitter, 
Long Trail IPA and Ale, 
McNeil's Dead Horse and ESB, 
People's Pint Broadfork Stout, 
Shipyard Old Thumper, 
Tremont IPA and Winter Ale.

UK:
Fuller's London Pride and ESB, 
Hopback Summer Lightning, 
Orkney Dark Island, 
Young's Special and Special London Ale., Day drinking season begins tomorrow at Parlor Sports! Session beer approved., Session Beer Day: small beer, big glasses, multiple rounds, two sessions. Come!, null, Our favorite beer festival of the year, and it's right here in MA. Long live NERAX! , Stop by and see us at Social Wines today from 3 to 5PM!, Great time last night!, See y'all at Stoddard's Fine Food & Ale tonight for the Boston Beer Week event!, Q&A with Chris where he talks about 3 years of Notch. And no, we did not forget to celebrate our birthday, as we'll be rolling that into our Session Beer Day event on April 7th (news soon)., Fun times at Kinsale Irish Pub & Restaurant last night for Boston Beer Week. The 5K run was wet and wind swept, but we had session beer to slake our thirst! We had a few brewers run too!, Grab the kicks and bang out 3 miles with us around the Boston Common tomorrow at 7PM. We finish at the  Kinsale Irish Pub & Restaurant with Session Beer! Short run, small beer, big glasses!, Spring, New England style., Boston Beer Week is underway, and we got a nice shout out by Gary Dzen of the Globe., Valley Malt., When is the last time you drank a beer and talked with the farmer, maltster and brewer while doing so? We'll be pouring beer with Valley Malt at Craft Beer Cellar from 5 to 7PM!, Big day! Brewing our new spring beer right now, with a double brew of Pils to follow., Some beer geeky stuff to read regarding the lost Polish style Grodziskie (if you remember, we started test brews over 2 years ago). Unfortunately, the Brewers Association mucked up the style details. But that's the same association that says session beer can't be LOWER than 4.0% ABV. Get your geek on..., Sunday April 7th is Session Beer Day, and we just ordered some very  LARGE glassware for our event. Small beer, big glasses, bought in rounds - that is the theme of the day! More news soon!, Ya, we are still here. Working on stuff. News soon., Boston.com gave a great review to Steel & Rye in Milton, and Notch even got a shout out!, More proof that session beer makes you happy., And in other beer news on this Sunday..., "If you were a pill, I'd take a handful at my will." 

There you go folks, happy V Day., No swearing in this post. Just the Honest Pint laying it down for local farms and beers., If you don't see us at a beer festival, it's most likely that we were asked to donate our beer and time for someone's profit. What do we look like? Say what again., Stay safe out there, friends., Double brew day. Pils & Session Ale. What snow? Beer must be brewed!, null, null, A quick Q&A with Chris, where he talks about... beer., null, Team Notch will be representing in the Cambridge 5K Freedom Run. We'll again be fielding a running team, pouring beer post race, and of course, cool giveaways. Join us!, Beautiful morning at Valley Malt., Headed to the Valley Malt Farmer Brewer beer dinner tonight at Seven Sisters Market Bistro. True farm to table beers, and the last keg of Valley Malt BSA!, Looking forward to joining the fine folks at Valley Malt for this!, Yesterday morning at the brewery, Pils was coming off the bottling line and right onto delivery vehicles. Nate was prepped for the ride home., TONIGHT! Join Chris at Stoddard's Fine Food & Ale where he will join a Brewbound.com panel that includes Eastern Standard Kitchen & Drinks to discuss the importance of restaurants supporting local. Along with a Session Ale cask, there will be tasty libations from Jack's Abby Brewing, Backlash Beer Co., Samuel Adams & Baxter Brewing Co., Brew day. Worker's beer for lunch. It's lunchtime, right?, Love the props to our friend Sydney Skilken who's helping educate all those mile highers on session beer. Not so sure about the headline., Great overview of the 2012 local beer scene. Ya, we get a mention, but so do many of our other favorite local beers!, Another top beer of 2012 list! Notch Tafelbier this time., Behold, the humble session beer makes another best of list. And Černé Pivo is lager, we promise. Thanks Brew England!, Some selections to accompany your pigskin viewing today, including Notch Session Ale. Thanks to Norman for the shout out. And we are not from Cambridge, no matter what the article states!, Nice press on moderate ABV beer, although many of these beers are normal ABV, not session. It's a start., Notch Tafelbier makes the Drink Craft Beer Top 12!, You don't need to go "light" to go low calorie. The higher the ABV, the higher the caloric content. Session beer for the win!, Great spot with Chris from Brewbound.com talking about the year in beer, including some nice words for Notch Černé Pivo!, Thanks for a great year, much ahead in 2013., Happy New Year all! Some beer for thought as we head into the new year. We'll be back on our own blog tomorrow with a sneak peak of what's ahead this year, and where we've been., Fun look through a year in beer (mostly), from Fest Pics. At 1:04, I share a beer with Thomas Boogaard, who brewed with me at Tremont in the late 90's, before heading to brew at Avery in Colorado. Thanks for grabbing this shot Mike!, The New Year is a time of resolutions and wagons. We've been asked about the caloric content of our beers often, as some are making promises for increased exercise and healthier eating. Here are the calories of our year round beers to help you out:  Notch Pils (130 cals), Notch Saison (120 cals) and Notch Session Ale (144 cals). Good luck!, Cask conditioned Notch Session Ale has been tapped the Ale House - Amesbury. Dry hopped with Falconers Flight. Get your real ale on!, Happy Friday, everyone!, null, Dedham peeps, refreshment awaits during your holiday shopping. Legal C Bar pouring Notch Pils., I've been asked a number of times why the 1/2 liter Notch glasses (known as a Willy) were selected. It was simple, because it is the glass I am most often given when in the Czech republic, with the mug a close second. But I never once saw what the US considers a "Pilsner" glass - the fluted thing with a gold rim. Maybe it's reserved for royalty. Also, across the border in Germany, the locals in Munich drink from 1/2 liter Willys, while the liter mug is reserved for tourists and festivals.

 I love the Willy, it fits like a glove and its shape enhances any beer's aroma. It's never fussy and without pretense - just like the session beer it delivers., Finalizing all the details on our next two limited release beers (to hit in March and May). Anything we have't brewed yet that you'd like to see from us? If double or imperial is in the response, you will be blacklisted. Adjuncts are acceptable, however., Notch Brewing: delicious session beers and mind-blowing professionalism. (via Drink Craft Beer), Love this: "what Bud Light would be if Bud Light didn't suck". Some nice press this morning from Boston.com., What is traditional? What is craft? The Brewers Association gets taken to task, and rightfully so. , Great deal from our pals at Shubie's Marketplace Wines and Spirits. Stop by tonight, 5-7, Mary Ellen will be sampling all our tasty session beers!, Tonight y'all! The closest thing we've ever done to a tap takeover thingy. Valley Malt BSA, Černé Pivo, Pils and Session Ale dry hopped on cask. Prizes, raffles, and stuff to buy if you aren't so lucky., Now Open. Notch Pils on tap., Černé Pivo gets a nice review! "...sometimes a beer like this will come along to tear down all of my preconceived notions.", Happy National Lager Day!, null, Indeed., The new Thirsty Thursday column from DigBoston & Review Brews.  A chat with Chris about the Valley Malt BSA beer from Notch. Go MA Malt!, MIT, Beer, Entrepreneurship., Heroes. Happy Repeal Day!, More Team Notch madness from the Cambridge 5K race. Who thinks Lee will be updating her profile picture today?, null, Video chat by Seacoast Beverage Lab with Chris talking all things session beer and more., Most of Team Notch was running for beer. And then there was Thor. Congrats to our favorite ringer!, Live podcast tonight with Chris from Notch (if he's awake)! Hosted by  Seacoast Beverage Lab, The Beer Babe, 2beerguys and Norman Miller, aka Beer Nut. 8 - 9 PM., Yesterday at the Cambridge 5K Yule Fest we poured 8 kegs in about 3 hours. Insanity. Thanks so much to Chris and Emily for getting all of those session beers to the thirsty runners!, Notch Brewing Team at Cambridge 5K Yulefest! Madness., A couch has never felt so good. Great weekend, pics coming!, Are you all ready for the Cambridge 5K Yulefest?, The busiest weekend ever is upon us. Thursday's pre-party for the Drink Craft Beer Fall to Winter Fest at Stoddard's Fine Food & Ale; Friday 6AM Pils brew; Friday & Saturday Fall to Winter Fest sessions; Sunday Cambridge 5K Yulefest (w/ two Notch employees running!). And then X and the Reverend Horton Heat Sunday night at the Paradise. 

We know Facebook is all about pictures, and no one read the above - look for pics on all this soon., Haiku for you: Thanksgiving is here / Family at the table / Session beer? Bourbon?, We got a bunch of really great blogging love this week in regards to craft beer & turkey pairings. Here's one from West Roxbury Patch., Uh, so JP: Chris got a bit mixed up and will be at City Feed and Supply from 4-6, *not* 5-7. Leave work early, we KNOW everyone's faking work this week, anyway., Hello Jamaica Plain! Tonight Chris will be at City Feed and Supply from 5-7 for all of your Valley Malt BSA or Černé Pivo Thanksgiving needs. Stop on by!, Math. It's not that hard., Some great shots from the Antler Brew Down last week!, First fire of the year with Černe Pivo. And a cat., We'll be there. Who's in?, Tonight at the Milky Way JP!, Crazy enough to run with Team Notch in the freezing freaking cold just on the promise of some tasty craft beer and a Notch winter hat? We LIKE that., Crazy enough to run with Team Notch in the freezing freaking cold just on the promise of some tasty craft beer and a Notch winter hat? We LIKE that., Share $185 mil. Pfft. Like us & you will be occasionally entertained by our witticism., Crazy enough to join Team Notch and run in the freezing freaking cold in return for beer and a Notch winter hat? We like., Are you nuts enough to run with Team Notch in the freezing freaking cold in return for a few beers and a Notch winter hat? We like., Are you nuts enough to run with Team Notch in the freezing freaking cold in return for a few beers and a Notch winter hat? We like., Are you nuts enough to run with Team Notch in the freezing freaking cold in return for a few beers and a Notch winter hat? We like., Are you nuts enough to run with Team Notch in the freezing freaking cold in return for a few beers and a Notch winter hat? We like., Are you nuts enough to run with Team Notch in the freezing freaking cold in return for a few beers and a Notch winter hat? We like., Are you nuts enough to run with Team Notch in the freezing freaking cold in return for a few beers and a Notch winter hat? We like., Crazy enough to run with Team Notch in the freezing freaking cold just on the promise of some beer at the end and a Notch winter hat? We like., Are you nuts enough to run with Team Notch in the freezing freaking cold in return for a Notch winter hat and beer or two (or three)? We LIKE., Are you nuts enough to run with Team Notch in the freezing freaking cold in return for a Notch winter hat and beer or two (or three)? We LIKE., Are you nuts enough to run with Team Notch in the freezing freaking cold in return for a Notch winter hat and beer or two (or three)? We LIKE., Are you nuts enough to run with Team Notch in the freezing freaking cold just on the promise of a beer and Notch winter hat? LIKE., Bonkers enough to run with Team Notch in the freezing freaking cold? We will reward you with a Notch winter hat., Bonkers enough to run with Team Notch in the freezing freaking cold? We will reward you with a Notch winter hat., Bonkers enough to run with Team Notch in the freezing freaking cold? We will reward you with a Notch winter hat., Crazy enough to run with Team Notch in the freezing freaking cold all for a beer or two and a Notch winter hat? LIKE., Crazy enough to run with Team Notch in the freezing freaking cold all for a beer or two and a Notch winter hat? LIKE., Crazy enough to run with Team Notch in the freezing freaking cold all for a beer or two and a Notch winter hat? LIKE., Nutty enough to run with Team Notch in the freezing freaking cold for a free Notch hat? We LIKE that., Nutty enough to run with Team Notch in the freezing freaking cold for a free Notch hat? We LIKE that., We've got Notch rimmed winter hats for those brave enough to run with Team Notch in the freezing freaking cold:, Two tasting in Quincy today! First at Presidential from 3-5:0PM, and then at Wollaston Supreme Liquors from 5:30 - 7:00PM. Stop in and say hello to the new Notch rep, Chris Poles!, Instagram is now on-line (not just a phone app anymore). The Notch Brewing Instagram feed has consisted of Chris taking random photos of nonsense during his day, not just Notch stuff. Follow at your own peril., Admit it, you missed saying "Černé  Pivo!" Our small black lager is back., Great write up by John McKusick on Notch. Come see us tonight at Giles in Arlington from 5 - 7PM!, Mark your calendar. Notch will be representing in a big way. Look for a new beer and an ALL DAY event. Go small or go home!, We have a fun tasting at Streetcar in JP Thursday from 5-7PM. Only lagers, and only Czech lagers! Notch Pils, Polotmavy, Cerne Pivo along with a few from the Czech Republic. Who's bringing the pivni syr?, @Nerax industry session is on! Favorite beer drinking day of the year. http://instagr.am/p/RiSal9OJiC/, Notch Session Ale on cask, dry hopped with Falconer's Flight, is pouring at NERAX. We love this fest. Long live NERAX!!!, Some media types weigh in on session beer, including Sean at 2beerguys,  Heather at Honest Pint, Rebeccas at Massachusetts Girls' Pint Out. Discuss., null, Visiting Salem today? We took the Honest Pint on a beer tour of the Witch City., Coming next week, the return of Černé Pivo! http://instagr.am/p/RQu-3XOJpF/, Join Team Notch at the Cambridge 5K Yulefest. Get an embroidered Notch winter hat, and most importantly cut the beer line! Details here on our event page: http://www.facebook.com/notes/notch-brewing/notch-yulefest-5k-team/429197027134065, Notch Yulefest 5K Team, Tonight is the Massachusetts Girls' Pint Out 2nd Anniversary at our favorite Temple Place bar - Stoddard's Fine Food & Ale! The GPO has been a big advocate of local beer, so stop by and raise a pint with them in celebration., null, null, We'll be pouring at Salem Havest Fest today. Come experience the madness that is the Halloween season in Salem. And if you take the Salem Ferry, be sure to grab a Notch Pils on board!, Stop by Ball Square tonight, we'll be sampling everything we have, including Valley Malt BSA!, null, This is where we'll be on Sunday. Pitching shoes and local drinking beer., Not the most comfortable spot for a 6'4" guy to fill casks. http://instagr.am/p/Q49NFBuJvt/, And the greater NYC beer garden & beer hall tour begins. Pilsner House in Hoboken kicks it off., Cambridge 5K Oktoberfest, Chris' middle of the pack status secure., We have our first Team Notch finisher in http://ow.ly/i/11pRX  @Cambridge5K!, Helping out an old school friend for the Old School art show. Notch will be served!, Hey Brookline, we are pouring from 6-8PM tonight at Baystate Food and Spirits, stop by and say hello!, Office Assistant., Not hamming for the camera. Not at all., Yes, we have session beer., Pouring beer on a deck of a battleship today. Crazy., Big thanks to everyone who made it to Clover last night and celebrated the awesomeness that is Valley Malt. And big thanks to Clover to for hosting and supporting local farms, malt houses and brewers. We kicked the keg in just over 2 hours!, Černé Pivo brew this AM!, We know there's a lot going on tonight, but if you have 15 mins, please stop in and say hello to Andrea from Valley Malt, who is traveling from from Western Mass for our BSA release at Clover in Inman Sq. $3 beers, Notch glass for the early arrivals, and support of the truly pioneering work of Valley Malt. Enjoy a farm to glass beer with all the the people who made it happen, starting at 8PM!, There is no better compliment than one from a brewer. Cheers to Chris Sellers from the The People's Pint!, Great spot debunking beer myths, with some memories of the salad days., Team Notch Brewing currently at 17 runners for the CK5 Oktoberfest run. You have until Friday to join the melee of team Notch. While we won't be pouring Notch post race, Cambridge Brewery is sure to please. , null, null, Hey folks, got word that Andrea from Valley Malt and Slow Tractor Farms will be at the BSA release on Thursday. How many times can you chat with the farmer, maltster and brewer of a beer?, Approved. http://instagr.am/p/QQdEZ6OJuC/, Thursday release party for the return of our Valley Malt BSA at Clover, Inman Sq., Cambridge. Support your local farms!, null, It's back! Taste the result of this year's MA barley harvest!, Today is "National Drink Beer Day". Or as we call it, "Every Day"., Men's room sink, unfortunately, it's water., Yes. , Session Beer hits the cover of All About Beer. , Chris Olds at PARK Cambridge is the man. Check out Victory at Sea, made with Notch Saison and Privateer Rum. , Tonight! Run 2.5 or 5 miles, and then refresh with Polotmavý! Cheers to runners' beer!, My kitchen tap is fed by a line from the cellar. I just counted 7 kegs down there, either full, partial or empty. Not sure what to make of that, but it's all session beer. http://instagr.am/p/Px2qx6uJtV/, Every time we need to mow the lawn, this bad boy gets dragged out of the basement. It came with our 200 year old house. Yep - Session Beer., Tonight, 5 - 9PM! We'll be pouring at the annual Salem Oktoberfest at Old Town Hall., Pils brew this AM, and off the bottling line comes a worker's beer. Perfect for 10:49AM. http://instagr.am/p/Pj0XTXuJvA/, We approve this message., We have teams in Cambridge 5K's upcoming Oktoberfest Race (Oct 14) and Yulefest (Dec 2). We'll have Notch bribes for the team too. Last time it was tech shirts at VERT, this time...?, We have teams in Cambridge 5K's upcoming Oktoberfest Race (Oct 14) and Yulefest (Dec 2). We'll have Notch bribes for the team too. Last time it was tech shirts, this time...?, We have teams in Cambridge 5K's upcoming Oktoberfest (Oct 14th) and Yulefest (Dec 2nd). We'll have cool Notch bribes for our team too. Last time was a tech shirt, this time...?, We have teams in Cambridge 5K's upcoming Oktoberfest (Oct 14th) and Yulefest (Dec 2nd). We'll have cool Notch bribes for our team too. Last time was a tech shirt, this time...?, We have teams in Cambridge 5K's upcoming Oktoberfest (Oct 14th) and Yulefest (Dec 2nd). We'll have cool Notch bribes for our team too. Last time was a tech shirt, this time...?, We have teams in Cambridge 5K's upcoming Oktoberfest (Oct 14th) and Yulefest (Dec 2nd). We'll have cool Notch bribes for our team too. Last time was a tech shirt, this time...?, We have teams in Cambridge 5K's upcoming Oktoberfest (Oct 14th) and Yulefest (Dec 2nd). We'll have cool Notch bribes for our team too. Last time was a tech shirt, this time...?, We have teams in Cambridge 5K's upcoming Oktoberfest (Oct 14th) and Yulefest (Dec 2nd). We'll have cool Notch bribes for our team too. Last time was a tech shirt, this time...?, This Saturday, Oktoberfest in Salem's Old Town Hall. We're bringing more beer this year, because last year was a bit nuts., Chris just found a new use for a keystone! #caskale http://instagr.am/p/PVIzCQOJqF/, Tasting at City Feed and Supply today from 2-4PM in JP. We'll be pouring everything, including Polotmavý. See you at the The Jamaica Plain Music Festival after!, Fact #1: The Route 1 North commute in Saugus especially sucks on Fridays. Fact #2: Chris will be at Boscy's Liquors from 5-7 tonight. He will have beer. Stop by!, We are getting a reputation.  http://instagr.am/p/PQVzh9OJph/, Tonight, Clover in Harvard Square celebrates the release of Polotmavý! , Apparently something was funny. Thanks for the photos from the Mass Brewers fest, Brewbound.com!, null, Wednesday, it's the The Jamaica Plain Music Festival pub crawl, and  we'll be hoisting pints of Notch brewed Squirrel Brew! Thursday it's the release of Notch Polotmavý at Clover Food Lab in Harvard Square. It's a short week, have some fun!, null, It's here! Notch brewed a beer for the The Jamaica Plain Music Festival fundraising efforts. Squirrel Beer hits all over JP this weekend., Tasting tonight at Craft Beer Cellar in Belmont from 5 - 7PM. We'll be pouring everything, including the new Polotmavý. Stock up for a weekend of no labor with some worker's beer!, Something for the aging hipsters this morning. And I'm not talking about the pay phones. Can't really comment on the surf board..., Tasting tonight Whole Foods Market River Street from 5:30 - 7:30pm. Say hello!, Have all y'all submitted your cask beer or voted for the most promising tasty beverage?  Fun on a Tuesday, and that's no easy feat., null, Polotmavý is slowly getting out there - you can find it right now at downTown wine & spirits, Craft Beer Cellar, Pemberton Farms, Redstone Liquors, Chansky's, Leary's Fine Wines & Spirits, and Cambridge Wine & Spirits. Look for more spots this week!, Not to be missed! And we'll be pouring all of our lagers. , JP Music Fest Beer on the way... Squirrel Beer! , Notch brewed a JP Music Fest beer! Look for it all over JP later this week., Tonight! Support your local brewers at the Mass Brewers Fest!, You paid more attention to our new wallets yesterday, rather than our new beer, so this is getting posted again. Notch Polotmavý!, A long blog on the new Notch Polotmavý. Another hard to pronounce lager from the land of Kafka., We are so excited about these. Wallets, belts, dog collars, luggage tags, cuffs...all made from 100% recycled 6 packs and coming soon to our website! Thanks MindysDesigns!, Friday, come support Mass brewers. A great beer fest outside and over looking downtown Boston., Crabfest at Eastern Standard, hon., Notch Polotmavy will be on cask at NERAX table at the BluesNBrews fest today, along with casks from Jack's Abby, Haverhill and more. The first chance to try Polotmavy!, null, null, null, Second place? Steak knives., Valley Malt are doing God's work out there. And to clarify, we ARE doing a BSA this year (more on that to come), just not calling it "Harvest", 'cause it would've had to release it already. Madness., "Craftbeer" is one of the newest additions to the Miriam-Webster Dictionary this year. Legit., Design a Notch Cask Beer. Really. We give you the tools, you design the beer. Don't screw this up..., Great piece by Lew Bryson on Session Beer, with a shout out to Notch., Missed this last week, but thanks to the Honest Pint for the shout out. Funny thing, in the Czech Republic, the only beer they call Pilsner comes from Plzen. That's why the Germans call it Pils. Notch Session Pils in the Czech would be "Notch Svetlé Výčepní 10°", Excuse my French, but it's about fucking time Dan Lipke from Ipswich Brewery gets some credit. Funny how those out of the limelight often do the most., Classic: 911! I'm out of beer!, Olympics Shmolympics. We are loving the great feeback we're getting on twitter from CAMRA's Great British Beer Festival!, The Phoenix highlights local summertime quaffs, including Notch Tafelbier!, Be sure to celebrate national IPA day! You know, because IPA's are suffering from lack of attention., null, Made it. At the brewery by 3:58., In 1994, I'd wake up at 4:30AM and grab the first Orange Line train in JP to brew at 6:00AM in Charlestown. Tomorrow, 2:00AM alarm to brew at 4:00AM two states away. Progress., Sky Party is go., Party on the roof of a garage overlooking Salem Harbor? Music, beer, and other shenanigans? Proceeds go to Boys and Girls Club? We are *so* in. , Gonna be a great time tonight at Olde Magoun's Saloon in Somerville!, Tomorrow from 5:30 to 7:30 at our fav, Olde Magoun's Saloon, meet up with Somerville Local First for the Summer-Ville Cool Down!, Notch representing in an army of local Massachusetts brewers. We are right up front (it's easiest to look for Mary Ellen's red hair). Thanks for the great time, Drink Craft Beer!, 1 MPG better than my TDI. We talking highway, or city?, Rooftop party Saturday night overlooking Salem harbor and downtown. Music, Notch, and other hi-jinx., Traffic willing, we'll be tasting beer at City Feed in JP from 4 to 6 today.  Say Hello!, 108 and rising in the brewhouse. Perfect day to brew our new Czech lager, Polotmavy!, Notch Brewing was the fastest overall team at the VERT Race Series today, which confused the computers, so we drank the most beer too. Thanks to all who ran with us, and those who hoisted a pint with us., VERT Race. We're drinking more beer before noon than you had all weekend., Day two, @drinkcraftbeer Summer Fest. Do you think Chris will look this chipper tomorrow after the Vert Race?, It's the Drink Craft Beer Summerfest tonight and two sessions Saturday, where saison rules the weekend. Then it's the VERT Race Series on Sunday morning, where we'll be running and pouring., Hanging at Olde Magoun's Saloon tomorrow for the Drink Craft Beer Summerfest kick off party. Great peeps, stop by!, Cask roulette has begun! Redbones is pouring cask Session Ale dry hopped with Williamette. Look for more Session Ale cask, each with a different dry hop over the next few weeks. , Lunchtime!, We have only 4 spots left for the Notch team this Sunday..., Next weekend! Not to be missed., For our JP peeps, Streetcar is open!, Tafelbier and car keys. Just sayin., Just a reminder that the first 20 people that sign up for Team Notch at the VERT Race Series get cool swag, including Notch tech shirts!, This will be our go to tomorrow, as we smoke ribs and do absolutely bupkis. Thanks to Drink Craft Beer for the shout out., Nice spot on beers for the 4th of July from the Boston Globe, including our Notch Session Ale. Cheers!, Across the pond with this one. Notch American Session Ale is Great British Beer Festival bound., Chris plays his scratchy vinyl collection tonight, while Brick & Mortar offers up some very cool Notch beer cocktails. Ya, it's a school night, but it's like a Thursday school night., Notch Vert Race Team, Kayaking rest, Tafelbier at the ready., Perfect day for the krug!, No kissing, promise. Unless beer and the Replacements are your thing., For your consideration..., This photo was posted a couple of days ago from our friends at Valley Malt. They are already harvesting and we are so excited! #locavore, Monday will be a busy one, and we'll kick it off at Trina's!, Happy Bike to Work day!, On Monday July 2, Chris spins from his vinyl collection for the Brick & Mortar Spin the Bottle night. Special drinks, beer, and a heavy rotation of this..., Ya, we are not on the list, but we will be there. Canary Square, JP, 6:00PM. Notch Tafelbier on tap, and a bunch of other summer beers too. And since Notch Tafelbier is 86 calories per 12oz, feel free to nosh on those homemade bar chips. , Let's all ditch work and head to the beach!, Wish we were here., The very last cask of the Drink Craft Beer collaboration Coffee Milk Stout gets tapped tonight at Meadhall. This is it, no more, ever., While the record for the first East Coast whine about the weather today goes to our pal Dave Sheehan of Gloucester, MA (5:01 am), we hear you, it's hot! For your consideration: Notch Tafelbier (& Chris' blog about it)., A must listen for  Brewers & fans of lactobacillus. Never heard of it? Listen and learn, people, we may quiz you later!, Tomorrow you will hear your first "hot enough for you?" of the year. Celebrate or drown your sorrows with  Notch Tafelbier, now on tap at Deep Ellum, Union Brewhouse (OFFICIAL), Lower Depths, Meadhall, Ten Tables (Cambridge), Bukowski Tavern, Five Horses Tavern, and Ale House - Amesbury! More to come!, OK, one more from last weekend, 'cause all the cool kids are posting it too., Nice spot from Valley Malt that highlights the impact of the BSA program., Wednesday's forecast? 92 degrees. In related news, Notch Tafelbier now on tap at Deep Ellum, Union Brewhouse, Lower Depths, Meadhall, Ten Tables Cambridge, Bukowski's Boston, Five Horses Tavern, and Amesbury Alehouse., Fun recap of the Hyper-Local fest. Check out the trends!, Hyper Local Session 2 underway!, Tafelbier. Kid tested, mother approved., Stop Sign? Fixie don't care., We'll be rocking the Hyper-Local Craft Beer Fest this Saturday afternoon and evening. Chris will also be on a panel discussion during the afternoon session, because he has opinions., There are loads of Farmers Markets opening today! Begs the question, though: why are local wineries now allowed to participate in MA but not local craft breweries?, Best beer fest of the year, and none of your money leaves the state. , I would vote yes., Well deserved press for Valley Malt!, Look for it., 10 casks filled with Session Ale and dry hopped with 10 different varieties of hops. You'll start seeing these in about three weeks, and we'll let you know who has what hop., We'll be serving adult refreshments at the end, as well as running in the VERT Race Series. Join us!, This Saturday, Notch will be pouring our beers that include local grain, keeping with the local theme. And Chris will be pontificating on a speakers panel about seasonal beers, keeping with the "hyper" theme., Tasting today Depot Liquors in Beverly from 4-7PM with a bunch of local craft beer. Say hello!, Getting lots of "thumbs up" from passing drivers. Can't imagine why., My favorite AM snack. It's what's for breakfast., Yay Florence, the old homestead!, Great game last night, if not a bit stressful., null, Congrats to Mystic!, Heading to the Brewbound.com conference in NYC today., Ready to go for Recovery Brunch with Drink Craft Beer and High & Mighty., Back at it this morning with Drink Craft Beer collaboration beer at the Recovery Brunch. Breakfast beer!, Watch us live today from the American Craft Beer Festival. Post questions, watch Chris answer!   
, Our friend Ally at Gulu-Gulu Cafe had her scooter stolen in Salem. It's pink. And while we've promised her the second Notch Vespa we produce, please be on the lookout for it, as these Vespas might take a year or two., ACBF all weekend. We'll be pouring Pils, Session Ale, Saison, and Tafelbier all 3 sessions. In addition, we'll have casks of dry-hopped Tafelbier on Saturday, and our Drink Craft Beer collaboration Coffee Milk Stout on Friday and Saturday. , Hey, ho, now available at Craft Beer Cellar! (I was so excited, I originally used multiple exclamation points, but then realized that multiple exclamation points suck.), Tonight Clover Food Labs in Harvard Square celebrates a year of serving beer - local beer. Notch, Jack's Abby, BBC, Pretty Things, Mystic and Peak Organic will be representing. 

Clover has one requirement when serving a beer - they must visit the brewery. Here's their post from the visit with Notch last summer during the BSA Harvest brew day. , And day 2 of Boston Beer Week continues with a tap takeover at Brendan Behan in JP with our BBW comrades Slumbrew and Backlash Beer Co., Hang out pre-ACBF with Notch and Drink Craft Beer at the Kinsale Irish Pub & Restaurant! , While it's missing quite a few breweries and is also a tad geographically challenged, we think this poster is very cool and are honored to have made the list. Check it out!, What Slumbrew said... "Boston Beer Week Begins tonight in Boston and you can support your friends at Slumbrew + Backlash Beer Co. and Notch by swinging by Kinsale Irish Pub & Restaurant for a pint tonight!", Please read this great post from Dann at Pretty Things.  Darryl was a humble pioneer in the Boston beer scene. He is missed., Notch's Boston Beer Week, null, First Tafelbier sold at Chansky's to recent BC Law graduate - "Notch got me thru Law School", We are doing bupkiss this weekend, because next week will be nuts. Details soon., This is not the Onion. It was on the front page of my local paper this morning. It's unfortunate that said bovine were not introduced to some better beer, but hell, let's save the good stuff for us., Third and last brew of the week - Session Ale this AM., Our Saison makes the list with a bunch of heavy hitters, figuratively speaking, of course. Let's long weekend! (That's a sentence, right?), What would a beer release be without a blog post? Tafelbier starts shipping tomorrow, just in time for the un-official start of Summer., A vintage truck with GIANT beer bottles! Cool Summer Beer events! Plus some nice press for our Tafelbier, available at finer establishments just in time for summer., Notch will be mucking about with fellow MA brewers Slumbrew and Backlash Beer Co. at Christopher's in Cambridge tonight as we start Boston Beer week a little early. Say hello!, Sincere thanks for the props from the fine gents at Drink Craft Beer. There's more cool press but I'll cut you all some slack and share that tomorrow., Get yer cask on at the Buk! (cc Drink Craft Beer), You know, just taking the grundy for a walk..., Saison brew this morning. It's what the kids are drinking these days., Sharing. Just because., Proof of what I had always suspected people were thinking during "grand" tastings. Also hilarious., We'll be hanging and celebrating at Scratch Kitchen today in Salem, as they celebrate their one year birthday. Pils and Pig on the agenda! Congrats Bill!, We'll be at the legendary Julio's Liquors spring beer tasting today in Westborough from 1 - 4PM. This will also be the first opportunity to sample and buy our Tafelbier!, Ships next week. In my backyard right now., Hey Dedham! We're coming to you tonight for a tasting from 5-7 with the fine folks at Whole Foods Dedham. Stop by and say hello., Late on this, but another great session beer post from Lew. Worth the read., Gather up children, this gets bottled Friday., The proletariat take a tap line - Notch Saison flowing at the Avery in the Ritz Carlton. Go workers beer!, This was one fun day. Google will help, and it spins some funny translations. Also, more to come on the Notch blog about our trip to the Czech Republic., A bunch of new spots that believe in session beer: Silvertone, West Bridge, Park, Wolfie's, the Biltmore, and Kinsale., The Bavarian, Franconian, and Bohemian adventures ended today with breakfast in a beer garden., Hop fields of Bavaria, with a bit of rapeseed in the foreground., 80 degrees in Munich yesterday afternoon, where we watched truckloads of these barrels be delivered to the 5000 person capacity Augustiner Keller beer garden., Meeting and tour at Weyermann Malting in Bamberg today. A brewer's Willy Wonka factory visit., Smokey goodness awaits at Schlenkerla., null, Day 4 in the Czech Republic brought us to Únětice Pivovar. Beers better than you deserve, and a desítka that is a beauty., Chris making friends fast at the U Medvídků Brewery., This guy poured me a beer from that barrel., null, Polotmavý., Černé Pivo! We are in the thick of it., More press, bitches., Road trip! Wanna take a guess where? Hint: It's not San Diego. Not. Even. Close., And we have another Boston Mag shout out to Notch today - Notch is the best Pilsner!, As good as it gets. Steve covers the very basics any craft beer bar should provide. And you wonder why Notch has the ABV on the tap handle?, Gets tapped this week The Haven JP!, You don't need to know what this represents, but it's rare in US craft breweries. And it's fun, don't forget the fun., Tafelbier. Yes., Cool opportunity for all you creatives out there., Another great recap of our event with Drink Craft Beer on Saturday. The rest of the casks will start hitting finer establishments this week and we'll be keeping you posted here., null, Great overview of yesterday's morning drinking. Thanks Brew England!, Coffee Milk Stout kick-off done! Now onto this insanity - Bacon and Beer., null, Check out the Notch/Drink Craft Beer 20 oz Coffee Milk Stout mugs! Not. Too. Shabby. We'll be giving them away during our Brunch at Lower Depths on Saturday., Sadly, the beer industry would look a lot like this as well. Beer bloggers, how about whipping up an infographic?, Chris will be pouring today and chatting about session beer at Wholefoods on River St in Cambridge from 5-8PM. Look for Doug pouring at New England Wine & Spirits in Newburyport from 5 - 7PM., Who's going? We'll be there after our Drink Craft Beer collaboration brunch at Lower Depths in Kenmore. Then off to Archers of Loaf show (they were big in the day). Talk about a true test of session beer., Didn't see this coming, did you? The Notch collaboration with Drink Craft Beer. , We have stuff coming up. Always more stuff. Thursday tasting at Wholefoods Cambridge, Bacon and Beer Fest on Saturday, and our Drink Craft Beer Collaboration release event on Sat (more in this when we can, promise)., Great 25 year old pic of JP as the Orange Line is coming down. Check out the old Franklin Brewery towering above on the left. http://othemts.tumblr.com/post/21618397682/this-is-just-an-amazing-shot-of-washington-street, Notch will be at the Craft Beer Cellar from 3 - 5PM for a joint book signing/beer tasting with Josh Bernstein. We'll be tasting Notch while Josh is signing his awesome Brewed Awakening book (and not just awesome because Notch is in it...). Some Notch T-shirts for those who purchase a book and Notch sixer! , Fire pit, Saison, wood grilled pizza. Cigar on deck. Brewer's night off., Taste of the Nation, This Saturday at Craft Beer Cellar!, Go B's!!!, We'll be pouring at West Concord Liquors today from 2-4PM. Notch Pils, Saison on Session Ale. Say hello!, More complete photos of the brew day and racking day w/ Drink Craft Beer., Phase 2 of the Drink Craft Beer collaboration this morning. Math, blending and disaccharides., Twitter was interesting on Session Beer Day., Remember last summer, when you grabbed a few drafts of Notch Pils at Eastern Standard Kitchen & Drinks? Not just a memory anymore. The Sox are back in town this week, and Notch Pils is on draft at ES!, It's Session Beer Day. Go small or go home., Tasting today at Ball Square Fine Wines from 5 - 7PM with Chris on the stump and Saison in hand., The start of yesterday's collaboration with Drink Craft Beer. Check out their page for more shots from the brew day., 7AM mash-in tomorrow for the next Notch Cask Only Series. And this beer is unlike anything Notch has done before. Why? It's a collaboration. We'll sneak out some photos over the brew day., Tomorrow at City Feed! , With quotes, great quotes, from Max at Deep Ellum and some mentions of Notch., Hey Coors, you're doing it wrong.  , Notch Saison now on tap The Gaff in Waltham. Grab some worker's beer in the watch city., We hit the craft beer mecca today, Craft Beer Cellar in Belmont, for a tasting from 3-5PM. Glasses for sale too!, Tasting tonight at Liquor World in Porter Square from 5-7PM. Saison and Pils!, Thanks to Terry at Drink Insider for the good words on Notch!, Serving up Notch Saison samples tonight at Downtown Wine & Spirits in Somerville from 5-7PM. Grab a six pack!, 5 Questions from Drink Craft Beer, and 5 answers from Chris.  , David Day gets the prize for best Notch stump photo. , Every day for Notch is Session Beer Day. But April 7th is the first, official Session Beer Day. Notch will be at Brew Woo in Worcester on April 7th doing what we always do, but we hope all of MA will celebrate in their own way. Go small on April 7th!, And, finally, Notch is pouring at the Salem Spring Fling tonight. Proof that the phrase "Keep Salem Weird" will never be required. , We'll be tasting today at TruBeer in Easthampton from 4-6PM! First Notch tasting at this fantastic craft beer store., Notch heads west tonight to Y Bar in Pittsfield. We'll be pouring a cask of dry-hopped  Session Ale, as well as bottles of Cerne Pivo and Saison. Chris will be on hand from 7-9PM with tales of session beer glory. Or something like that. Say hello!, Those Notch 1/2 liter glasses you've been wanting to purchase? Now on sale at the fabulous Craft Beer Cellar in Belmont., Notch hits the Berkshires and Happy Valley this weekend. We tap a cask at Y Bar in Pittsfield of Friday, and then head to Tru Beer in Easthampton for a tasting Saturday afternoon and then later that night we pour beer with Valley Malt at the Full Belly Dance Party in Northampton. Say hello!, I would have posted this earlier, but I was too busy having multiple pints at a pub with good friends and lingering too long. Damn session beer., It's on. Go small or go home!, For the second straight year, Notch is the featured social lubricant at Music 2.0. See you tonight., Posted this on my personal page last week, because no one gives you grief like your best friends. So Notch nation, here you go, fire away., A bit of Scottish Sweet Stout on evacuation day? Here's the details on the Notch brewed Sweet Stout for the Haven in JP., Tasting at Pemberton Farms in Cambridge from 5-7PM. With Saison 6 packs for the first time!, The Notch brewed Haven Sweet Scottish Stout now on tap. Enjoy the other session stout on Saturday at the Haven in JP. Sorry about the photo, took a big sip first., Big thanks to Firebrand Saints and everyone who stopped by last night for the 2 year celebration!, If you haven't been on the Session Beer Project recently, Lew has a bunch of updates, including some Notch stuff and the Q&A with Chris. , We'll be at Pemberton Market today from 5 - 7PM pouring all three of our six pack beers, including Notch Saison!, Firebrand Saints!, OK, last photo of Saison until tonight., null, Liters of Notch Pils at Redbones with a Boston brewing pioneer., Bunch of stuff happening this week - Notch kicks off March Madness with Parlor Sports on Thursday afternoon for some day drinking and sports watching; later that day we celebrate two years of brewing with a party at Firebrand Saints; and then Saturday we debut our Scottish Stout brewed for the Haven in JP. Also, we squeeze in a tasting on Friday at Pemberton Farms with Notch Saison six packs. More deets on all soon., Long day done. Baby sitting Saison ferment, Milk Stout final packaging, and Kappy's Medford local beer tasting. Beer time., Boston.com with some session beer love. , Finz in Salem has lined up local beers with a menu to match tonight. Notch Session Pils, w/ fresh shucked oysters w/ Session Pils mingonette. , This gets right to the point., WBZ radio had a piece on Session Beer yesterday. WBZ! Session beer is here!, At the Maine brewing outpost this morning at 6:30am brewing up something sweet for the Haven. Back to MA this afternoon for a 3rd shift brew of Pils. Yeast created this schedule, not me., One more reason (out of many) to choose local., More cask outlets! Hooray Lower Depths!, Are we enjoying our Spring beers this Winter?, Saison brew for 6 packs underway!, Late to the game, but expected. “...unique brew will have a slightly lower alcohol level..", ...beer taxes contributed to the creation of Belgium., Notch Pils and a very Tasty Burger. It is Friday., Yep. And thanks to John at Victorias Station Salem MA for this. , Chocolates? I brought home a cask of Black Bitter., The cask-only series continues with Notch Black Bitter. You want British hops? You got 'em., Notch Session Pils now flowing on tap at Tasty Burger!, How Notch gets from the brewery to your retailer., Picking up wheat from Valley Malt for this week's Saison brew., Because it's Saturday night, and you can't wait to hear about the latest Notch cask-only release. I'll post again on Monday, when most people read these things (at work)., We love our local beer stores. , Cambridge Super Sunday 5 Mile Race. Refreshment is ready., Tomorrow morning in Cambridge, a 5 mile run and beers at the finish from Notch. Below 30's at race time! , Just another subtle reminder as you make your game day decisions. , Tasting at Kappy's Fine Wine & Spirits - Medford from 4-6PM on SATURDAY. Come say hello and stock up for Sunday w/ the last of Cerne Pivo!, The rare cask version of Notch Session Ale now on the hand pump at Deep Ellum. Dry hopped with Crystal., Lone Star soft opening. Congrats to Max and crew., Great news for MA craft beer. , Middlesex Lounge in Cambridge and Barlow's in Ft Point, welcome to draft session beer., Your thirst is outpacing our supply. Brewing much more, we promise., Just in time for Super Bowl Sunday - a session beer rundown, including Notch Pils!, And cider jumps on board., Notch will be the post beer refreshment for the Super Sunday 5 in Cambridge. Who is running with us?, Updates on new beers, and current beers getting new duds., You know a beer style is in trouble when its traditional glass has been discontinued., Burns Supper at the Haven!, Say hello to our new draft friends this week: Ducali in the North End; Ledge in Dorchester; Aquataine in Dedham; and People's Republik in Cambridge., One of the last kegs of Černé Pivo now flowing at the Lower Depths., Lew is back on the Session Beer Project with new posts on the blog., iPhone camera is broken. Otherwise, a highly stylized photo with old school camera filters would be showing a row of beer casks being filled in a glamorous fashion., Pils brew tonight, cask filling in Maine tomorrow morning., Notch Pils flowing out West. Love Moe's!, Help Lew get a pilot for American Beer Blogger. Pony up some cash on Kickstarter! Pledge (or re-pledge) now.  , Consumer question last week: "What does it take to make session beer?" Me: "Thick skin.", Visit us at the Craft Beer Cellar from 3 to 5 and get the goods for tonight. There's a game or something later., Just doing our part., The Haven JP is a big time Notch supporter, and they also happen to serve the best beer snack ever. Repeat, ever. The Scotch Egg is highlighted for home cooking here, but the Haven's version is deep fried goodness., Stop by the Craft Beer Cellar in Belmont from 3 - 5PM tomorrow for a tasting of our Session Ale, Saison, Cerne Pivo, and other tasty treats., Anyone who makes the decision to dry hop a cask beer, should also be the one who cleans that cask when returned to the brewery. Paying for that decision today., I started brewing beer commercially in Boston in 1993. The good Mayor was never a friend of beer, beer culture, or beer advocacy. This should surprise no one, especially the former head brewer of Tremont, who is now at New Belgium. It will be a good beer day when he moves on., Some Notch Černé Pivo love from the hyper-local Honest Pint column in the Dig. , Session beer only focus..., The Dig highlights Brick & Mortar, and a nice mention of the local beer selection, w/ Notch of course., And snuck in at the end is the burning question about six packs..., Saturday from 3 - 5PM we'll be rocking our first tasting of the New Year at the Craft Beer Cellar in Belmont., Pils brew day is complete. Friday is the cask only brew - the 3rd in the series., If anyone thought Winter would trump Summer on Pils consumption, I have a production planning gig for you., Long live the Honest Pint. Happy Year #1., New beer in the fermenter. It wasn't pretty., A very happy 5th birthday to the fine folks at Deep Ellum! Haven't been there yet? Well go, fer chrissakes., Notch Pils now flowing at Finz Seafood and Grill in Salem along with many other fine local beers. Well done!, New things in the coming months - brew day on Wed for the new limited release (22's and draft); brew day next week for the new beer in the cask only series; and prepping for Saison in six packs (yes, brewers still put beer in six packs)., Cheers to Brew England, and thanks for the nice words on the Pils!, Great spot on local Saisons in today's Globe. , It's been a crazy 2011. An obscure low gravity Czech style lager became 70% of Notch’s business. Not on the list of predictions., I guess Notch is the beer to have at 10PM, per the Times., Notch Saison gets a nod., Czech beer, Czech cheese, Czech café., Session Beer hits the top stories of 2011. Who would have thought?, Tasting today at the Boston Wine Exchange in downtown Boston from 5 - 7PM. Grab a 22 for a stocking stuffer - BSA Harvest, Saison or Černé., Notch Černé Pivo locations (draft & bottle) in Eastern MA. Central & West locations coming soon., Thanks to Heather for some exposure. It's at 4PM today, screw work! Drink some beer with the man himself, Lew Bryson., Well done Gary., Really nice review from Brewbound. Černé pivo!, New draft accounts to welcome! Brendan Behan, JP; Brick & Mortar, Central Square; and somewhat bittersweet, the Otherside Cafe., Join us at the Craft Beer Cellar Tuesday 4 - 6PM with Lew Bryson and big man Nate Heck of Harpoon., Managed to finish the 5K and pour 4 kegs of Pils in sub 30 weather. Thanks to Brewbound.com for the action photo., On the stump today at the Urban Grape in Chestnut Hill from 5-8PM. Czech style lagers and all that., Tasting today at Wholefoods Dedham from 6-8PM, and we'll be sampling 5 Notch beers. Maybe a quick pint of Session Ale before and after at the Yardhouse across the lot., Notch Černé on tap (or on tap soon) at Deep Ellum, Atwoods, Daedalus, Lord Hobo, Christopher's, Meadhall, Canary Square, Ten Tables, Evoo, Salty Pig, Gulu Gulu, Sunday, Notch is pouring at the post-race party. Join us with Peak Organic and Pretty Things as we hydrate (or otherwise) runners at the outdoor beer garden in Harvard Square. , Tastings? Here you go: Thursday Wholefoods Dedham 6-8; Friday Urban Grape Chestnut Hill 5-7PM; Saturday City Feed JP 2 - 5PM; Saturday Gordon's Main St Waltham 5 - 7PM., We'll be at The Wine Emporium in the South End today from 5:30 - 7:30PM for a tasting, including bottles of Notch Černé Pivo!, Thanks to everyone who came out last night to The Salty Pig for the Notch Černé  release. You were thirsty, both Černé and Session Ale kicked in 3 hours. Look for  Černé 22oz bottles on the shelves today., null, Hanging with the BABES and drinking beer. , In stores this week, and the release party at The Salty Pig on Thursday from 5 - 8PM. Here's the blog, with more info than you need., Can I get a translation on what message the skull is delivering? Slightly concerned Notch Černé may conjure the dead., We'll be Marty's Fine Wines from 3 - 5PM today tasting everything we have. You'll even get a preview tasting of Černé Pivo by simply asking. On the shelves next week!, null, Fail., BSA Harvest Ale on draft at Deep Ellum., Tasting at Cambridge Wine & Spirits tonight from 5-7PM. Stop by for a few bottles of BSA Harvest, the perfect beer match for Thanksgiving dinner., Notch will be pouring (and running) at the Cambridge 5K Yulefest. Chris is requesting a beer "hydration" hand-off at the 2 mile mark., Sweet Cheeks BBQ just opened in the Fenway, and the Q is the real deal. Ya, Notch Pils is on tap, but I would have pimped the Q anyway., Chris barely lasted an hour, Melon in for middle relief., Marathon tasting today at downTown wine & spirits from 2-6PM. Chris starts the day, before he tires and hits the bench at Five Horses Tavern. Doug to close it out, with possible middle relief from Melon., Death to the availability list Part 2! Stores carrying Notch bottles now presented in those magical maps by Google!, Almost right... , Death to the availability list! We've gone all Google Maps on you. Draft list up now, bottle list soon.  , Notch on the stump at the neighborhood gem Chansky's Market in Brighton tonight from 5 - 7PM. We'll be sampling everything we have., Winter beers at Thanksgiving? Please, let's give thanks with a beer that was actually the result of this year's Massachusetts harvest. Current locations stocking Notch BSA Harvest 22oz bottles in the attached Google map. , Lew Bryson has a new project that highlights craft beer, and you should care. Check out the video and toss in a few bucks for the effort. , After a day of selling beer in the Berkshires, time for dinner and beer at the Student Prince in Springfield., The last 2 kegs of BSA Harvest get delivered to Clover this week, but there are  plenty of bottles on the shelf. Keep you money local and support MA farmers, instead of paying some guy's mortgage on the other coast. , Tasting today at Colonial Spirits of Acton from 3-5PM. Say hello!, My favorite bar in my favorite beer brewing nation. Drink Craft Beer sums it up quite nicely., And the imperialization of light beer begins. Or, malt liquor gets low cal. Either way, the TTB's change in what defines "light beer" has the Bud Light brand branching out in strange ways. , Andy misses it again. Session is simply shorthand for flavorful, lower abv beer. It gives us more options. How many you have is an individual choice, and that seems pretty well rooted in American culture., Wow., Seven local brewers pouring and talking shop about beer brewed with MA barley. You get unlimited beer sampling, food to match, too cool event T-shirt, souvenir tasting glass, and Valley Malt soap made with MA barley. For just $50, with profits going to support local agriculture. How can you miss this?, Notch BSA Harvest now pouring at the Lower Depths!, Tomorrow! Seven local brewers pour limited release beers brewed with Massachusetts barley malt. All profits support the Valley Malt program to encourage Western MA farmers to grow barley for local brewers., Ramblings on Saturday's Valley Malt event at Meadhall. Do not miss, the gods of all things localvore are watching you., Beer battered onion rings with Notch BSA Harvest. Did Valley Malt ever think they'd end up on a delicious fried treat?, This Saturday! 7 local brewers pouring beers brewed with local grains from Valley Malt. Notch Session Ale, Wormtown Brewery, Cambridge Brewing Company, Ipswich Ale Brewery, Mystic Brewery, Watch City Brewing Company and Peak Organic Brewing Company. , Heading to the old folks show tonight - Pixies at the Hampton Beach Ballroom. Anyone else in?, Heading to Salem for the madness this weekend? Grab a Notch at the Old Spot, Pigs Eye, Gulu Gulu, or Rockafellas. Also, Notch Saison's first draft spot north of Boston is at Jack-Tar in Marblehead!, BSA Harvest now pouring at The Salty Pig!, Melon will be at Kappy's RT 1 today from 1-4PM stumping for Notch. She won't put you into a beer information coma like that other guy. That other guy will be sampling Notch and telling session beer tales of glory at Julio's in Westboro from 1-4PM., "One of the few remaining examples in the world of the British medieval technique of open-field agriculture" - and where most of Massachusetts barley is grown. Help protect it, drink some beer with MA barley malt. , Tasting today at Craft Beer Cellar in Belmont from 3-5PM. We'll be pouring our BSA Harvest and our new year round friend, Notch Saison., null, One of the last casks of Notch Bitter gets tapped Wednesday night at The Haven JP. Scotch eggs and pints of cask real ale? Don't miss this!, Quick updates, including some Notch Saison news., null, Tasting tonight from 4-7PM at Shubie's Marketplace Wines and Spirits in Marblehead. Chris will be sampling Pils and Session Ale, and telling tales of workers beer., Should be hitting all stores by the weekend, but City Feed is still the only one right now., Tonight from 5:30 - 7:30PM, the first bottles of BSA Harvest will be sampled and sold at City Feed, JP. Take a break from the pumpkin, and have some Massachusetts grown malt!, Tomorrow, City Feed and Supply in JP is the first to sell Notch BSA Harvest in bottles, and Notch has a tasting from 5-7PM! Also check out City Feed's interview with Chris, with props to The Haven JP, Canary Square, Midway Cafe and Vee Vee. Thanks JP!, We will be nowhere, doing nothing today. But thanks to all who stopped by Stoddard's for Notch Bitter on Wed, the Special Olympics Benefit at the Basketball Hall of Fame on Thurs, the Work Bar block party on Thurs, and the Clover launch of our BSA Harvest Ale last night. Fun week, but more stuff next week., Lots of beery Notch posts about Clover's visit to the Notch BSA brew last month. And I'm on the stick tonight, so crappy service is no reflection of Clover. Last time I tended bar, the Pixies were on the stage (and not the re-union tour). Ouch. , B's fans, Notch is pouring at the Garden. Look for the bars pouring booze, and you'll find Notch bottles., Notch BSA Harvest Ale blog post now up!, Nice review of Notch Pils, the lowest ABV of the bunch., On right now: Episode 3 - A Nation of Hypocrites, Yes, the BSA Harvest was released last Thursday at Gulu Gulu, but you will not see it in bottles until next week. We are seamless here at Notch. You can, however, grab some pints this Friday at 8PM when Notch takes over Clover in Harvard Square. And a blog thingy on BSA Harvest soon too., On right now., BSA Harvest Release at the Gulu Gulu last night. Great fun, thanks to everyone who came by, even the Mayor made an appearance!, As part of North Shore Beer Week, Notch will be at Lat 43 tonight in Gloucester for some schmoozing and prize giveaways during trivia. , Notch Pils says hello to Coda and Firebrand Saints., Three events today for Notch - 1) Brewfest in Amesbury, 2) Brewfest at the Tap in Haverhill and 3) Oktoberfest THE BRITISH BEER COMPANY WALPOLE., So you woke up and wondered, "where could I drink beer AND go summer tube riding?" Well here you go. Notch will be pouring all day. , Notch Bitter cask now on at Redbones, Notch will be at THE BRITISH BEER COMPANY WALPOLE Oktoberfest Saturday with a cask of our Notch Bitter and plenty of Notch Pils., Really nice review of Notch Saison, our limited release Summer beer. We'll have more news about the Saison in a few weeks., Bavarian games of strength., Finally!, Longest blog post ever. Bring a pillow., Tonight, Notch will flow!, Who knew? Drink Craft Beer once again doing the hard work for us., Clowning around at Berman's Block Party today in Lexington from 2 - 5PM, and Depot Liquors Grand Tasting in Beverly from 4-7PM., We've been quiet, but busy. Two new beers dropping later this month, and one beer being promoted to full time status. And Notch is statewide as of September 22. The blog will fill you in soon, we think., Notch will be rocking Andover Liquors today with a tasting from 4-7PM. Last time at Andover, Chris broke a pint glass and a full bottle of beer on the floor, and he still got invited back. Come see what else he can destroy today., Wild Horse in Beverly (Session Ale) and Blue Ox in Lynn (Pils) tap Notch this week., Workers beer on this Labor Day., Your current plans for Friday night? Not as good as this., Hold on pumpkin, it's not the end of the summer until the autumnal equinox declares it so., The Notch cask-only series continues, and ships next week. Blog post, excessively long description, puffery and all that to follow., Tonight, from the fabulous Mass Vegas strip..., New taps this week include: Penguin Pizza (Pils), Jimmy's Bar & Oven (Pils), and PJ Ryan's (Saison)., Metro West and greater Worcester, Notch is finally coming to your area! Started rolling out this week (Julio's already in stock), and available through Atlas Distributing. Ask your favorite retailer!, Notch now on tap at Dante, EVOO, and Summer Winter. That's some good eats., Notch Saison now pouring at the Publick House in Brookline., Boston Found with a nice spot on Notch, and a great review of Notch Saison., Winners! Prizes to be announced..., Tasting at Kappy's Fine Wine & Spirits - Medford tonight from 5-7PM. They are holding their last case of Notch Saison for the tasting. Stop by!, Nice review from the good folk at Brew England., Love seeing Valley Malt get recognition., "ABCC officials will be touring the state, soliciting input on how to construct new farmer-brewer regulations." Is it really that complicated? Drop "farmer" -  insert "small" - done. , Today's base malt, now waiting for the farmer., After 23 weeks in a row of Thursday tastings and promotions, we take a rest. Brew the second cask series beer tomorrow!, Statewide by September., Notch Saison now pouring at Atwood's Tavern in Cambridge. Have you checked out their new back patio? Fool. Get there, now!, null, So, what the hell happened to the cask naming contest? Well, I brew the second installment of the cask only series on Friday, which means in a few weeks the casks will be tagged w/ the selected names before filling. Much more ahead on the beer and cask names, promise., More Notch (and session beer) kudos. Somehow we missed this back in June, but we still have 6 weeks of Summer even though the pumpkin invasion has begun., Notch Saison now flowing at Russell House Tavern. Don't panic, Pils still on tap too., Two tastings later today, both from 5-7PM. Redstone Liquors in Stoneham and Whole Foods in Dedham. Notch Saison still available at both locations., Esquire with some session beer love, including the "idiosyncratic" Notch!, Kicking off the new Notch glasses today, first w/ a tasting at the newly licensed to sell beer City Feed and Supply in JP from 6 - 8PM (buy a six, get a glass), and across the river at Orleans Restaurant in Davis Sq. from 7 - 9PM (buy a draft, get the glass). This is the ONLY time the glasses will be available as a freebie, and supplies are limited. After, it's cold cash for the Notch 1/2 liter glass!, Finally some proof on my hypothesis: "Age matters, too. Older peoples' livers metabolize alcohol more slowly than younger people's." , Thanks to Drink Craft Beer for the good words on Notch Saison. Your check is in the mail., Kicking off the new Notch glasses this Thursday, first w/ a tasting at the newly licensed to sell beer City Feed and Supply in JP from 6 - 8PM (buy a six, get a glass), and across the river at Orleans Restaurant in Davis Sq. from 7 - 9PM (buy a draft, get the glass). This is the ONLY time the glasses will be available as a freebie, and supplies are limited. After, it's cold cash for the Notch 1/2 liter glass!, Our limited release Notch Saison now pouring at Highland Kitchen in Somerville. Rejoice!, Social media is a funny thing. A comment on a friend's Facebook post ends up in the Herald, and then becomes a thread on a beer rating site., Tasting tonight from 5 - 7PM at Vinnin Square Liquors in Swampscott. Notch Session Ale, Pils and Saison. One of the best beer selection on the North Shore - stop by for a taste!, Tasting tonight at Dave's Fresh Pasta in Davis Sq from 5 - 7PM. Notch Session Ale, Pils and Saison., From the Globe story "Region awash in new wave of niche breweries".
http://ow.ly/5MNd1 , Notch Saison now pouring at Deep Ellum., Beach? Pffttt.... Tasting at the Wine Emporium in the South End is where it's at!, Globe video on Notch now up. Rob Martin chimes in with the swagger of an old pro. , While the beach sounds pretty good this afternoon, instead I'll be bringing refreshment to the people - tasting at the Wine Emporium in the South End 5 - 7PM. Look for me inside the beer cooler., Fantastic. Thanks Boston Globe., Kristen from MA Girls Pint Out steadies the cask during tapping. Well done!, The Haven's Heather Ale Release will help you abide by the mayor's office heat advisory:

- limit your activity (check, bar stool sitting is sedentary) 
- drink plenty of fluids (double check)
- avoid alcoholic beverages (session beer is for hydration, right? Check.)
- wear sunscreen and light-colored clothing (check, it will be night time)
- stay in cool, shady areas (The Haven JP is cool, and slightly shady.), Fun night with Pintley, Narragansett Beer, Drink Craft Beer, Antler, Girls' Pint Out and Magners. This video is just a small slice of a great event. Big thanks to Antler Agency for hosting! , Latest Notch blog post - Haven Heather Ale. , A few new spots to slake your thirst: Mission Bar & Grille in Mission Hill (Saison); Charles Hotel in Harvard Square (Saison); and Forum in Back Back (Pils)., Finally... It's coming., Tasting today at the Craft Beer Cellar from 3 - 5PM in Belmont. Grab a taste of our new Notch Saison!, Notch Pils now on tap at Lord Hobo. Yep., Starting Saturday at 4PM, Salty Pig is go., South Shore, your worker's beer has arrived. Notch Saison on tap The Union Brewhouse in Weymouth., Tasting at  Kappy's Fine Wine & Spirits - Peabody today. Come try the new Notch Saison and talk shop with Chris from 5 - 7PM., Lunch beer please. Notch Pils at Eastern Standard., Kappy's Medford bringing refreshment to the people. , Worker's beer makes a comeback!, And it looks like Lower Depths is the first to tap a keg of Notch Saison. Refreshment is waiting in Kenmore Square., Notch tasting tonite from 5-7 pm @thecupnboard in Swampscott, come in and try some Pils, Ale and the latest Saison!, Flatbread Somerville now with Notch Pils on tap. What frame is the beer frame? With session beer, it's beer frames..., The ceremonial hoisting of the empty cask., Notch Pils now on tap and flowing at Eastern Standard, Plough & Stars, hello, it's been a while. Notch Pils now flowing. Calling Ray Corvair..., Notch cask now flowing at British Beer Company in Walpole..., The 4th with friends. Enjoy!, Ale House is mobbed post Amesbury Beer Fest. Round of Notch to start., Pouring tonight at the Amesbury Brewfest - Pils, Ale and Saison. Notch is also on tap at the Ale House, so you'll see us there after the fest. Go Amesbury!, Short video from the Notch Saison brew day. It was kinda hot that day., Empty., It's tonight - the Drink Craft Beer 5 year party at Stoddard's Fine Food & Ale with a special cask of the new Notch Saison to celebrate. Brewed with Valley Malt wheat, and dry hopped with Massachusetts grown hops., Notch Saison hits the street this week, and celebrates with a cask at  Stoddard's Fine Food & Ale Thursday night as part of the DrinkCraftBeer Anniversary Party. The blog tells the back story of this wonderful worker's beer., Busy Notch day - brewing Pils and Ale while the first Saison bottles dance on the accumulation table., Central Kitchen Cambridge now with Notch Session Pils!, Drink Craft Beer answers the bell. , Great, except there's not a single session beer listed. Does the WSJ have access to Google? , I've never heard of Steve Body, but he's commented on every blog I've read this weekend. Stephen Beaumont has a nice recap, Notch Session Ale now on tap @tentables in Cambridge!, Just spent an hour in the pouring rain at the Notch barley field in Belchertown with Andrea from Valley Malt. God's work out here., Heading to Belchertown today to check out our barley crop at White Oak Farm. This is part of the BSA (Brewers Supporting Agriculture) program created by Valley Malt. Photos of our crop later today if the weather breaks!, It's getting hot, and you are thirsty. You need refreshment. You need a worker's beer. Notch Saison. June 30th., Great British Beer Fest or bust., Hey Cambridge, Notch Pils now pouring at Area IV. Great new spot in Kendall Sq (or Area IV, technically)., Quick post on the blog - a fan thanks Notch., Hey Amesbury - Notch Session Pils is flowing at the Barking Dog!, B's parade. Awesome. http://ow.ly/i/d8Iw, Man, I spend one day in the brewery and I miss all this good stuff in the press. I let loose a little in this one, with no real filter on my thoughts. So be it, it's true., More good stuff from the Session Beer Project., Tonight - British Beer Company in Westford for a Notch pint night at. 7-9PM. Time to transition to a life without Bruins playoff games., New beer for the Haven JP is in the kettle. Let the heather steeping begin., Thursday night at the British Beer Company Westford is meet the brewer night with Notch, and you get a Notch pint glass with a tasty pint of Notch Session Ale. 7 - 9PM., Notch hits the Street. Good spot on Session Beer, Cans and trends., Working hard. Refreshment break.  http://ow.ly/i/cUCC, One of the last casks of Notch Dark Mild now on tap at Deep Ellum., null, Tasting underway at Whole Foods Dedham!, Notch Session Pils gets a top rating in Czech style Pilsners. Some heavy competition!, Valley Malt Red Winter Wheat. Saison is go!, On this hottest day of the year, we brew the farm worker thirst quencher. Better planning would have put this beer in hand when brewing., Love Andover Liquors!, A little recap of Boston Beer Week, ACBF and other digressions in the new Notch blog., Cool mini interviews with some of the brewers on hand last weekend at ACBF., null, On the agenda this week: brewing Notch Saison on Thursday night, Whole Foods Dedham tasting Friday, double brew of Session Pils on Saturday., Thanks to everyone who stopped by our booth at ACBF. Especially our draft and bottle accounts. And sorry the Saison was not available yet - brew that Thursday afternoon with a projected release date late June., Home stretch., Session Pils lost to Surly Brewing's Best Bitter by a one damn vote yesterday in the ACBF Brewers Smackdown. It was a fun event, and two more ACBF sessions today. Cask Pils!, Notch cask at #ACBF - Midlands Dark Mild and the first ever cask of  Session Pils. Not sure which session gets what. Game time decision., Notch Session Pils soon to be flowing at Vee Vee! JP continues to rock session beer., ACBF today and tomorrow, and here is Drink Craft Beer's picks of the fest., Bogie's tasting underway in Beverly! Big crowd already., Notch hits Bogie's in Beverly for a tasting tonight, part of the continued Boston Beer Week celebration. 5 - 7PM., Posted this on my personal page yesterday, and here it is again for Notch fans - a great read on Session Beer by Lew Bryson. , New post on the blog- Boston Beer Week and ACBF info. Notch also welcomes new draft lines at Canary Square, Foundry on Elm, Deuxave, Bukowski's Boston, Porter Cafe West Roxbury, Pig's Eye Salem, and British Beer Company Westford., As part of Boston Beer Week, the Lower Depths has a Massachusetts Tap Takeover tonight. It's a great opportunity to support your local brewers. See you on the patio!, Notch takes its first trip to Hog Island., Liquor stores are closed tomorrow - here's a shopping list from Drink Craft Beer. Great Pils review! http://ow.ly/55wI4, It's Boston Beer Week. Let's kick this off., Tonight we take it north to Andover Liquors for a tasting from 5 - 7PM. This is as close as it gets New Hampshire!, Weekend refreshment options., Tasting at @AndoverLiquors tonight from 5-7PM, stock up for this weekend - weather is looking great!, Stoddard's is on., House band at the Antler Agency played this last night during the What's Brewing event. Yes, you should have been there., Tonight at Stoddard's Ale, stop by from 5 - 8PM for the Notch Session Cask Kegger. The Notch Dark Mild is only available cask-conditioned, come grab a pint or three of this rare treat., Notch will be at What's Brewing #2 (Presented by Antler & Girls Pint Out MA) tonight, at Stoddard's Notch Session Cask Kegger Thursday, brewing more Session Ale on Friday (6AM... ouch), and then finishing the week with a tasting at Andover Liquors. Come say hello!, Looking forward to this., A good read on the term "session beer" from the British perspective., Tasting at Blanchard's Allston tonight with the man that makes everyone happy - Doug Labb. Up North, Chris is at Rowley Liquors from 5-7 PM., Interesting post by Bryce Eddings on the cost of beer. Some argue that beer has been undervalued for decades, and is only now starting to catch-up. Thoughts?, Continuing the American Craft Beer Week celebration with our favorite American bands. The Long Cut could be the session beer theme song., Stop by the Irish Village from 7 - 9pm tonight for the Notch pint night. Catch the start of the B's and grab a free Notch pint glass. Session Ale is guaranteed, let's hope Claude playing Seguin is too., Continuing the American Craft Beer Week celebration with our favorite  American bands., On May 25th, Notch will be part of a panel chatting about innovation and trends in the world of beer and beer marketing. Stop on by, there will be beer., Redbones is rocking "May is Mild Month" with Notch Dark Mild on cask - right now. Go!, Pint night tomorrow at the Irish Village in Brighton. Notch Session Ale on tap, and a pint glass to go. Chris will be talking Session Beer, and Notch's Doug Labb may even show up for a pint. Stop by the IV from 7 - 9PM!, It's American Craft Beer Week. To celebrate, Notch will play some of our favorite American bands. Take it away John Doe... , null, Pamplemousse in downtown Salem till 4. Huge crowd from the PEM today., Tasting at Lincoln Liquors in Billerica today. 5-7PM. Great craft beer store, stop on by!, Notch Session Pils is a featured beer at the il Casale Beer Dinner this Monday, May 16. A four course dinner paired with beer, inspired and MC'd by our friends at the Craft Beer Cellar! Check out il Casale's page for more deets., We'll be at Pamplemousse on Saturday from 2 - 4PM for a tasting. Stop on by this great store in downtown Salem - they are a big supporter of local beer!, Interesting, and opposing view point, on Session Beer. And as usual, the real meat of this blog post is in the comments. Thoughts? , OK Merrimack Valley, we'll be at the Gateway Pub in Lawrence tonight with pint glasses and a few prizes for the trivia gifted., Yep. I think this may work., For those who dig the local beer scene, the Weekly Dig's new Honest Pint series is killing it. , Another blistering press quote from yours truly. At least I didn't say "bullshit" this time. Progress!, Yay Globe... finally! I'll even overlook the "sessionable" fudge., Notch Session and High & Mighty Beer with some press at Food & Wine:  Trend Spotting - Lower ABV Beers. , The Dark Mild tappings continue - Russell House Tavern now flowing., Thanks to Joe Stange for pointing this out., Tasting today at Winchester Wine And-Spirits from 6 - 8PM. Grab some Notch Session for the B's tonight, and get a pint glass too., Blanchards Allston tasting today from 5-7PM. Notch pours and pint glasses for the gifted., If you missed the gluttony, here's a recap., Notch Dark Mild Cask - Not sure I could have picked a style more unfashionable in today's hop driven big beer culture., Grendel's Den - now pouring Notch Session Ale!, The first cask of Notch Dark Mild is tapped! Head to CambridgeCommon Rest today and start celebrating May is Mild Month., On the very spot I tended bar at the Rat, now comes Notch Session Ale on tap at  Eastern Standard. It's a bit of an improvement., Promoting anything today seems insignificant - but we will be tapping a cask of Notch at Deep Ellum to celebrate the start of "May is Mild Month". This is not the Notch Dark Mild, but another cask I've been saving. Stop by at 6 for the tapping, or sometime after for a pint!, Worlds collide., It's a tough job, but someone's gotta do it (@Bacon and Beer Fest Boston)., Pouring today at the sold out Bacon and Beer Festival. , Brewbound Pils Review!, May is Cask Mild Month in England, and for Notch too! This Monday we tap a mystery cask of Mild at Deep Ellum, and then for the rest of May look for our Notch Dark Mild on a hand pump near you., Tasting at Kappy's Fine Wine & Spirits - Peabody today from 5-7pm. North Shore, come on down!, Notch Session tasting today at Gary's Liquors from 5 - 7PM. Notch pint glass with purchase, and session beer shop talk with Chris., Meadhall is open, and Pils is flowing.  http://ow.ly/i/aQCy, Name the Cask is now closed, and the 20 names will be revealed shortly. Thanks to all who participated! Some funny, and thoughtful, entries. Selecting the 20 will not be easy!, Jules: "Pigs are filthy animals. I don't eat filthy animals." Vincent: "Bacon tastes gooood."

We'll be serving Pils and Session Ale to the Vincents of the world on Saturday., Trina’s Starlite Lounge now with Notch Session Pils on draft! Too cool., In England, May is Mild month. Cask Mild. So Notch is jumping on board and releasing a cask only Dark Mild the first week of May. News soon!, Two options to beat the rain today - Notch tasting at Bottles in the North End, or Eastgate in North Reading. Both from 2-4PM. Pint glass with purchase!, As you ponder what to do tomorrow, think about the Notch tasting at bottles in the North End from 2-4pm. Pint glasses and session beer shop talk with Chris. And after, it's off to Neptune for Pils and oysters!, Great fun at the Girls Rock Camp Fundraiser last night., So, large brewers are afraid to reveal the low alcohol of light beer? Are craft brewers are afraid to reveal the high calories of high alcohol beer? I would love to see both listed on all beer - let the consumer decide., Notch Session Ale pouring tonight in support of the Girls Rock Camp Boston Volunteers Mixer! , JP folk, I'll be at Blanchard's today for the Notch tasting - giving out pint glasses and talking shop. 5 - 7PM. Then it's off to the Girl's Rock Camp Fundraiser at TT's., Music 2.0 event underway at the swanky Microsoft building on Mem Drive. Notch bottles starting to mingle in the crowd., Nice spot in the Salem News today on Notch., Thursday, Notch helps out with the Girls Rock Camp Fundraiser at TT the Bear's! http://ow.ly/4CSuP, This Wednesday, Notch supports Music 2.0 at the Microsoft NERD Center in Cambridge. http://ow.ly/4CSgP, Name the Casks will wrap up this week, and we have very strong contenders right now. Need all submissions by Friday!, Now available at the Muddy - MIT's graduate bar. Maybe Chomsky will stop by for a session., Alex Chilton cover by the band at Beer Summit. Not expecting that., Double brew of Pils today, and 3 pilot Saison fermentations. Beer Summit tonight. Sleep Sunday., Tonight's tasting kicks it back to the North Shore - Vinnin Sq Liquors from 5 - 7pm. Pint glasses and session shop talk from Chris., Now available at the Gulu Gulu in downtown Salem. All is right in the world., Filling Firkins., Name the new Notch casks. All 20 of them. Grab a beer and start the brainstorm. Details on the blog. What's a cask? Answers on the blog too., Notch Session Pils is getting great feedback, thanks. So here's a little more about  Czech lagers, why they make great session beers, and some geeky stuff too. , Session Ale by a six pack. 8 cases in 2 hours! RT @DrinkInsider: @NotchSession what was your biggest seller at @craftbeercellar yesterday?, Big thanks to the Craft Beer Cellar for yesterday's in-store tasting. Wow, we sold a bunch of beer. Great store, staff and customers!, Mild Ale is happy at 60 degrees. I'd be happy with 60 degrees., We are at @craftbeercellar Saturday from 3 - 5! Stop by, say hello, and leave with a Notch pint glass when you grab a six pack. Easy!, Jamaica Plain rejoice - Notch Session now at Blanchard's!, Tasting tonight at New England Beverage, North Reading, 5-7PM. And then brewing the first beer in the cask-only series on Friday!, A great read on this past Friday's NERAX trade session, where beer industry muckety mucks had a blistering discussion on Session Beer and pricing. Lew captures the heat of the conversation., Brewing a Midlands Dark Mild on Friday, the first in the Notch "cask only" series. Time to bring the heat., Thanks to Diane Robinson Manahan for a great event last night. Too much fun!, Only in Salem. Spring Fling is getting nuts., Notch is pouring at the Salem Spring Fling later today!, After a heated debate @NERAX on #sessionbeer price, taste and ABV, selling the hell out of Notch at 8.99 a six pack at an in-store tasting., Proof that session beer can be an entry to the craft category. A taste and education go a long way., @NERAX trade session in full swing. Room full of great brewers and beer industry folk. Many old school friends., NERAX trade session this afternoon w/ Lew Bryson, and then a Notch tasting at Martignetti's Brighton from 4 - 7PM. A little secret of these retailer tastings - buy a six pack and you get a Notch pint glass., Notch Session Pils is now on tap at Towne Stove and Spirits in the Back Bay! Only Massachusetts brewed beers on tap - a concept long overdue, and way ahead of everyone else., A cask of Notch 70 Shilling is pouring this weekend at NERAX, along with many great cask ales from the US and Britain. Great to be back at NERAX in Somerville, it's been a while., Notch Session Pils just tapped at Stoddards. And a big old cask of @peakbrewing King Crimson on the bar., RT @dnucci14: Nice interview here with Notch brewer Chris Lohring, who specializes in American session beer.  http://bit.ly/haVNgt, Bacon. Beer. Yep., @TheHavenJP is rocking right now. 14 guys in kilts, @NERAX pub crawl punters, haggis, Scotch eggs, and plenty of 70 shilling ale., Here's the details on the beer brewed exclusively for the Haven in JP. This is the first in a series of Scottish influence beers I'll be brewing for the Haven. It also debuts on cask today at 4PM during the NERAX pub crawl., Pils now flowing at Deep Ellum!, Demonstrating my mastery of the press interview with quotes such as - "I won’t be calling it a 6% session beer because that’s just bullshit.", Tasting in full swing at Quality Liquors in Salem, stop on by. May be a Notch pint glass in your future if you do., Nice spot on Notch by Norman Miller (thanks, Mr Beer Nut). And thanks to everyone who already posted this while I was trying to catch-up with the Pils demand this morning., Steamy this AM., My personal cask, it has some miles on it. Making an appearance @NERAX pub crawl this weekend.  http://ow.ly/i/9txI, Tasting this Thursday at Quality Liquors - Notch's first in Salem, Ma. Stop by and talk shop with brewer and Salemite Chris Lohring. Sampling of two Notch beers and some Notch schwag from 5 - 7PM., Interview with Chris from the Completely Conspicuous podcast (starts around 7:50 into the podcast). Wide ranging topics that include the Tremont Brewery days, the origins of Notch Brewing, Session Beer, and some straight out pub talk.

The interview took place at Chris' local in Salem, In a Pig's Eye, so grab a beer and belly up to the conversation., From Chansky's market:

"Thirty Four Cases of Notch sold in two weeks. Not bad considering that included St. Pats, and college VK during that time. Would you put us on a list for a tasting? I think then it will really take of." 

Wise asses., Pretty in-depth debate on session beer. Lew Bryson, Jason Alstrom, Jack Curtain and Stan Hieronymus all chime in. , Session Pils at Russell House Tavern in Harvard Square. Too cool., Just a guess, but Notch may be the underdog. Help us out with a vote!, "You can’t easily fall in love with a lager or best bitter on one sip, but sit there with a pint of it and your heart is grabbed." , Notch will be pouring at Salem Spring Fling!, A beer bracket challenge. Notch is feeling like BU right about now., Nice piece about Czech beer. Near the end, a discussion about the unfiltered  Kout na Šumavě 10° - an incredible 4% ABV lager, and the inspiration for Notch Session Pils.  , Krugman!, You can now enjoy Notch Session Pils at Neptune Oyster. Hot or cold lobster roll?, A Boston area list of bottle accounts now on the Notch "Find It" page. We'll update the many more accounts coming on line this week, as well as North of Boston accounts soon. , Great tasting yesterday at Urban Grape! Fantastic staff & store. Thanks to TJ and Noah (who wrote a nice blog spot about Notch)., Tasting @UrbanGrape today until 5. Stop by, pint glass w/ purchase! http://ow.ly/i/95LH, Thanks to the guys at Brewbound.com for making this happen. Filmed the day after the first bottling of Notch., Stop by the Urban Grape in Chestnut Hill on Sat from 2 - 5PM and talk shop with founder/brewer Chris Lohring as he pours Session Ale & Pils. The first retail tasting of Notch! http://ow.ly/4cxpG, Photos are up from last week's bottle release party, and a link to the Weekly Dig's Fotobom page with many more from the night., RT @DrinkCraftBeer: Ok @NotchSession Pils is AMAZING! Clean, crisp, nice bitterness. Loving it!  http://ow.ly/i/91xp, Brighton, your session beer is here - Martignetti's., Great time tonight at the Haven - met many new Notch friends, Hilken telling crazy funny stories, Chris (another Chris) with a Valley Malt beer, Wax killing it with great food, and Jason in the pocket. And the guy from Peru! Love this place., Session Pils flowing at the Haven tonight for the first time - with a Notch pint glass giveaway from 6 - 9. And if that's not enough, the Midway is tapping Session Pils tonight too. A little bit of Praha comes to JP., Somerville, your first pint of Notch Session Pils can be found @redbones - and 6packs now at Downtown Wine & Spirits. Davis Sq is on it., A little bit of Notch coverage from the Herald, and a huge can of Gansett Bock too., This week: Session Pils night at the Haven JP on Wednesday 6 - 9PM (get a Notch glass while they last); and, an in-store tasting at the Urban Grape in Chestnut Hill on Saturday 2 - 5PM., Kid! RT @zacantczak: @NotchSession thought I'd help you out on your first day. Picked up a split  http://twitpic.com/4649lo, Notch hits the North Shore, @KappysPeabody takes delivery this afternoon. @SeacoastBevLab get on it!, Too cool! RT @craftbeercellar: Just arrived!  Come get your Notch Session Ale or Pils . . . We're psyched, btw!  @NotchSession http://yfrog.com/h4o7dmj, Not a delivery man, but Donnie McNeil buying four cases!, Chansky's in Brighton will take the first delivery of Notch tomorrow., Bottles on the trucks and hitting stores tomorrow in greater Boston. Will post updates as they happen - but feel free to ask your local retailer!, Amazed by the turnout last night, and sorry so many had to wait to get in, or just gave up because the line was so long. Session Ale keg empty after 1.5 hours, Session Pils barely made it to the finish before it gave up. Such a fun night. Who knew session beer could cause such a scene?, Two kegs in two hours! Sorry for the line..., The Herald's Kerry Byrne spotlights tonight's Notch release. , It's time for Session Beer! One last reminder about tonight's Notch - Bottle Release Party at the Lower Depths, and big thanks to the Weekly Dig and RedPint for helping out. See you at 7., Motörhead plays the House of Blues on Tuesday. Notch release event at the Lower Depths the same night. Your itinerary is complete., Thx! RT @Brewbound: just finished up a video interview with @notchsession. Stay tuned for the finished product and the story behind Notch!, null, Getting put to use tomorrow..., It's happening.  , My next beer should be called Straw Man., Hop Session is now flowing at Christopher's in Cambridge., It's about options, right?, Time to tell the tale. The Path to Grodziskie - Part One. , Grodziskie (aka Gratzer) test brew this past weekend. 100% smoked wheat malt from my new fav malt house was spot on. Polish #sessionbeer, null, Session Beer - beer of the proletariat. , @WeeklyDig and Space 242 event under way. Thru one keg already, second in danger. http://ow.ly/i/7Dh8, Heading back from Valley Malt with  smokey wheat. Love this malt house. http://ow.ly/i/7CSX, Draft beer comes to Holland Mark!, Notch is the featured beverage at Space 242's opening reception for GOOD VS EEEEEVIL! Superheroes vs. Villains Smackdown , Friday, January 28, from 6-8pm. RSVP at www.space242.com. Free, open to the public, and the Notch flows freely., Blog post on evolving brewing models. Mostly mine., RT @lewbryson: @NotchSession "...lowest ABV beer yet, and the most challenging. Who said we couldn’t have fun left of the dial?" http://tinyurl.com/4qgr8no 

My best use of a Replacements lyric re-tweeted by Lew Bryson - it's been a good day., The Session Beer Project chimes in on the GABF #sessionbeer http://ow.ly/3DWje, Brewers Association 2011 Style Guidelines: Session Beer 4.0 - 5.1% ABV. That's one big head scratch. #sessionbeer, Updates on bottles, cask and other activities left of the dial. , Second brew of the day. Pils already in FV. #sessionbeer is go. http://ow.ly/i/72SO, Yet to be in a Brewhouse where Modest Mouse has not entered in the mix., Double brew day today. Two new beers. New brewhouse. Yikes., My lager yeast shipment is in Ft Collins. No idea what that was all about. Pils brew gets pushed to Friday., Home-brewer alert: I'm working on a project that involves smoking green wheat malt during kilning, and will have the first test malting in a few weeks. Care to join this adventure and give this grain a go? You must be willing to mash in with a 100% smoked wheat malt grain bill. This will be fun, maybe a bit nuts., It's nice to find comments like this. Maybe we'll find more in 2011. http://ow.ly/1rYNpa #sessionbeer, Back story to the classic Fairytale of New York - a great time waste as we countdown to the holiday weekend. It's 6 parts - get a pint and enjoy., Tonight at the Haven - Roots Scottish Music Session with live (and free) music from 9 until 12pm. From the good folk Weekly Dig and us, Notch., Roots Session tomorrow night at the Haven! Oat cakes and session beer too., Thanks for everyone that came out last night at Jake Wirth's. Great crowd, we took over the front bar!, Best Notch related tweet this year: RT @thehavenjp: #notch hop session ale on tap @thehavenjp-like driving a mini at 97 mph with the smiths on full volume and a significant other holding your, @thehavenjp now has a Scotch Deviled Egg. As if the Scotch Egg alone was not enough. Beer food nirvana. Great vibe tonight, thanks Jason!, Hop Session on #cask @Redbones #sessionbeer, Pilot run of true smoked wheat malt is a go! The path to Grodziskie has begun!, Anchovies, South End, 4PM today. Notch is tapped, and the session begins. Stop on by and begin the weekend early!, Quick beer at Rock Bottom, probably my last before it closes. Remember being here for the grand opening when it was Brew Moon., Hop Session gets tapped at Anchovies in the South End, Friday at 4:00PM! See you there!, Some insight on the inspiration for next year's beers., Hop Session cask on at Redbones.... right now!, Midway Cafe bound..., How cool is this? RT @BeerAdvocate: "Project: Extreme Session #Beer" Unleashed http://bit.ly/gHpda6, NERAX North thank you card in the mail today, handwritten. Old school thank you -- too classy. http://ow.ly/i/63PD, Speechless... Colorado to RESTRICT lower ABV beer at Pubs and Restaurants. #sessionbeer http://ow.ly/3gs5T, On tap later this week at the Midway Cafe, with a cool event on Sat. Details soon., Here we go again, MillerCoors tries to act small.  http://adage.com/article?article_id=147201, back on the stick at Lower Depths., Reconnected w/ a few old industry friends this week, but nothing could compare w/ the reunion w/ Dave from the Midway Cafe in JP. Crazy..., Post on the cask ale revival in the UK. Really interesting how some UK brewers are using untraditional methods to expand cask ale's appeal., Discussion of session beer and higher alcohol beer. Yes, it is possible to have a civil conversation about the merits of each., Getting many requests to continue the BAC experiments. Time to dust off the Breathalyzer. http://ow.ly/1rwBNu, NERAX North cask bar. Heaven., Fantastic selection of cask ales at NERAX North this weekend at the Tap in Haverhill, including dry-hopped Notch Hop Session., Great Session Beer post from Hoosier Beer Geek - with a Notch mention! This guy should ghost write my blog for me., Wow...RT @RedPint: New blog:"Applying Agile Principles to Brewing Beer" Thanks for inspiring this @notchsession! http://bit.ly/redpintmobile, Notch now flowing at Orleans in Somerville!, Heading up to Haverhill to drop off a cask for the NERAX North event later this week., In the brewery this afternoon / evening. My attempt at attending the Belgian Beer Fest fails again. I think a few Old Port stops will more than make up for it., And from the West Coast comes a whole bunch of confusion wrapped in a stubby bottle...., Let's end the week with this., Cask lunch is about to begin at Cambridge Common. Session beer = lunch beer., And again, a Beer Advocate session beer conversation gets shutdown. 3 in one day. Where must one go to discuss #sessionbeer ?, Early morning blog post... sure to be a typo or grammatical error. After my coffee kicks in, I'll make edits., Latest #sessionbeer forum topic on Beer Advocate locked down in less that 9 hours. I think this may be a record. http://ow.ly/34SzC, Friday's agenda. RT @CambCommon: new on cask - notch hop session . . ., Drinking Notch at @Redbones, that's what., Hop Session copper up!  http://ow.ly/i/581u, And now for the first pint of cask Hop Session at Deep Ellum. http://ow.ly/i/56E1, First official draft, for me anyway, of the rear round release of Hop Session. Redbones diggin session beer. http://ow.ly/i/56zD, Cruising through the blogs this morning, and thought this was an interesting question. After looking at the video, if a helmet is necessary, you most certainly qualify., Salem Haunted Happenings beer tent... Bud Light Wheat or Pumpkin Spice. #beer #fail Plenty of sexy witch/nurse/angel/cats etc., however., RT @NERAX: #sessionbeer @NotchSession  Hop Session on cask at Deep Ellum http://tinyurl.com/konx6g, Bottle label approval in motion. I've missed you TTB, last time we danced, you were known as the ATF., Why do all my heroes fail me? Lemmy slows down the Ace of Spade for a Kronenbourg advert., null, NERAX has posted the American breweries and beers expected for the NERAX North cask ale event on Nov 11 -13. Notch on the list!, Lamenting the fact I missed the Diamond's Session Obsession this past Saturday in Brooklyn..., Love this video... a working museum., Interesting read on beer styles..., Notch booth before Lobster Fest began - that's Mary Ellen on the booth, and in front is Rhonda Kallman of New Century Brewing, and co-founder of Boston Beer. Found out we grew up in the same town, but had never met. I also ran into old friend Dann Paquette from Pretty Things, who is killing it, and deserves huge success., Thanks! RT @SydneySkilken: @MABrewersGuild  My Favorites at #BostonLobsterParty were @NotchSession @PrettyBeer and @peakbrewing!  Some really awesome brews!, Notch ready for Boston Lobster Party - It's sold out! http://ow.ly/i/4CRe, "Session IPA".... when referring to a hoppy, lower alcohol beer. Oxymoron?! #sessionbeer, Wine figures it out - big is not better. http://nyti.ms/9WxaoM, Hop Session is kegged, a shortie in the car for my home tap, and Boston you'll have a taste this Saturday at the Boston Lobster Fest. Notch Hop Session is back!, Fermentation room was stinking of hops today, the yeast head is green from dry hopping! http://ow.ly/i/4rqc, Fermentation checks today. Now for a beer, and maybe a bourbon. Heard it was nice out., New Notch Blog post "Updates and Stuff...". My blog post headlines never disappoint., Was just reminded by the Mrs that I brewed a double batch of Hop Session on Tues & neglected to Tweet, FB or Blog it. Social media #fail !!!, Nice Notch Hop Session review! RT @bhodges44: The Hairy Hopheader: Notch Brewing Rolls Out Hop Session Ale http://bit.ly/bEw8z7, Thanks! RT @NERAX: @NotchSession Just had a pint of the cask Hop Session. Lovely beer and the conditioning was perfect. Delish!, Hop Session cask at Deep Ellum is go!  http://ow.ly/i/4jJ3, Just in time for tonight's tapping of Notch Hop Session, check out the $20 for $40 of food and drinks at Deep Ellum offered through BuyWithMe! See you at 6PM., Reminder everyone... Hop Session Cask tapping at Deep Ellum was moved to Monday at 6PM!, Great lunch with old friends Jeff & Christine Biegert from @newbelgium - it's been a long long time since the Charlestown brewing days., At Lower Depths with a plate of tater tots and a pint of Hop Session., Sorry all, Deep Ellum needed to push the Hop Session tapping to Monday October 4th, same time, 6PM. What is better than a post-work cask session?, The trend is spreading to cocktails too., Head East young man! RT @darknova306: #CraftBeer needs more session ales. Need to head east and try some @NotchSession beers., Bottles in January!!! Really! RT @WholeFoodsRVR: @notchsession when you going to be distributed so we can sell your yummy brew!, A small, but significant update on the blog., A little too long of a biz meeting yesterday afternoon at Deep Ellum with Jeff (Weekly Dig) and Hal (NERAX). The Amager Bryghus Fusion was incredible - a 3.5% ABV California Common from Denmark!, Some commentary on the recent "I am a craft beer drinker" video. I find the message to be elitist - we will not expand craft beer's reach with this type of "ad man" pitch., Notch Hop Session reveiw. I like this guy., Notch Hop Session Cask is flowing at Redbones., The Weekly Dig just announced the return of SlowFest this October 29 & 30th. The Fall SlowFest is all about local, and not a Session Beer event. Notch will be there!, RT @womeninbeer_sls: Notch Hop Session @notchsession and Wormtown FU IPA now on tap @cambcommon! #craftbeer #word, Session Beer Backlash blog update - the Session Beer thread on Beer Advocate was shut down (as predicted) when it turned into a shite show. We can't even DISCUSS Session Beer... more polarizing than politics., New Notch blog post on the growing Session Beer backlash. And you thought prominence was required for a backlash., Notch Hop Session on tap at Union Brewhouse in Weymouth, South Shore Session is on., Notch Hop Session on cask at Redbones... now! #cask #sessionbeer, Hop Session cask is tapped!, New article on Session Beer love, or lack there of, by Justin Farrar. Quotes and quips from Session Beer hob nobs, including Lew Bryson and The Naked Pint the book and of course, Notch Session Ale., Leaving the brewery and off to @thehavenjp for the tapping of Notch Hop Session later today. Maybe a quick stop at Duck Fat on the way., New blog post is up - cask and all that., Notch Hop Session cask, in a pretty pint glass.  http://ow.ly/i/3r0N, More love of the Session Beer resurgence., Got the word from the good folk at Deep Ellum that Notch Hop Session Cask was just tapped! #cask #sessionbeer, Really enjoyed this interview with Nate Heck of Salem Beer Works. Great perspective on the current trends in beer., Great post by Andy Crouch on the impact of price, scarcity, label, style and ABV when "rating" beers. What is "best" is often determined by attributes unrelated to the beer itself. In my mind, what's "best" is what's right for the occasion., The Notch Session family gets schooled by Nels Cline on distortion pedals @solidsound #solidsound, Western MA German #beer tour. Stop #2. I love Helles. http://ow.ly/i/3avW, Brats on the way. http://ow.ly/i/3akz, Notch blog update on the ongoing ABV and BAC experiment. Acronyms aside, I'm testing how a beer's alcohol content impacts blood alcohol content. This is not science, and I can't even call it art. It is, however, fun., Notch Summer Session sold out quicker than we anticipated, but Notch Hop Session will be finding its way to taps next week. Hang in there Session fans, more is on the way, including Hop Session cask. Updates right here., A small piece on Notch Session by Lew Bryson in the Mass Beverage Business (scroll down to "SMALL IN MANY WAYS"). A bunch of other local beer highlights in the article that are worth the read as well., Great crowd last night at American Craft. Thanks to RedPint, BeerAdvocate, Holland-Mark the Craft Beer Crew, Drink Craft Beer, and the Weekly Dig for bringing out their crew, as well as everyone else who came by and said hello. Best part was that everyone hung out for a long time... I love Session Beer., The last reminder, tonight is the debut of Notch Hop Session at American Craft in Brookline. Check out the deets! A Notch Session at American Craft, Sneak peek: Notch Hop Session debuts at American Craft Brookline on Thursday 8/5 at 6 PM #sessionbeer, The Session Beer mafia... Slowfest founder Jim Stanton, Notch founder Chris Lohring, the Session Beer Project founder Lew Bryson, and Slowfest founder Jeff Lawrence at the Lower Depths., Maine, ferm check, d-test, fined not filtered, dry hop, priming, firkin, pins and Hop Session - that's on my mind Facebook, thanks for asking. And then many pints of Summer Session later on at Lower Depths. Till then...., Tomorrow is A Notch Session at the Lower Depths with the thirst quenching Notch Summer Session Ale, a hybird Rye / American Wheat ale. And with no Red Sox game in town, Kenmore Sq will be chill, and the weather should clear for the outdoor patio., Slow Fest press! An interview with Weekly Dig and Slow Fest founder Jeff Lawrence from this past Spring, brought to us from our friends of HereForTheBeer.com Also in the mix is Willow Blish from Slow Food Boston., The new Mass Beverage Business has a piece on Notch Brewing written by Lew Bryson (The Session Beer Project). For those not in the inner workings of the Massachusetts booze trade, I'll post it when it's up on their website., Hop Session #2 in the Mash Tun. More hoppy  session beer on the way., Had a beer today with Tod Mott @ Portsmouth Brewery. Great catching up with the old guard Boston #craftbeer brewers., I was asked if Notch would be at the Great American Beer Fest this year. Short answer is no. The longer answer is in the link., Summer Session draft lines flowing at the Haven JP, Redbones, Bukowski's Cambridge, Atwood's Tavern. Soon to be flowing at Union Brew House Weymouth, Bukowski's Boston, Lower Depths, Cambridge Common. And a few more to come!, Hello South Shore, Notch Summer Session on tap soon at the Union Brew House in Weymouth!, I am a big science and technology advocate. But just because we can, doesn't mean we should., OK, we said the new Maine draft locations for Hop Session would be available soon, and here's the payoff to the promise., Hey Maine... Notch Hop Session will be available at a few Shipyard and Sea Dog pub locations next week. Exact locations announced soon. Brewed in Maine brewed, and now available in Maine!, Just purchased a high end Breathalyzer. This will be fun - stay tuned., The new stubby tap handles just arrived, and were promptly put to work., Thanks to everyone who came by The Haven JP last night for the Summer Session release. Great time, great food, great host!, Hot. Heading to JP for Notch Summer Session release... and Hop Session cask. JP or bust., It's hot, and it's time for Session Beer. Tonight at Boston's best Scottish pub - The Haven JP - Notch release's the thirst quenching Summer Session Ale, and also previews the new Hop Session Ale (cask-conditioned & dry-hopped). Refreshment starts at 5:30!, It's true, cask-conditioned Notch Hop Session will make a cameo appearance at the debut of Notch Summer Session this Thursday. So in addition to Notch's Summer Session thirst quencher, you'll be able to sample a dry hopped cask version of Hop Session as well. Check it out at A Notch Session at the Haven and The Haven JP, bringing a surprise for the Summer Session release @thehavenjp on Thurs. Hints: #sessionbeer #cask #dryhop, New beer descriptions now on the blog. Unless you hit my backyard this weekend, you'll need to wait until later next week for a taste. Stay tuned Session friends., Long, awesome day. Bottled off samples of Notch Summer Session & Hop Session this morning and drove straight to Boston draft accounts. Rocking feedback thus far, trust me., This is pretty geeky, sorry. But for those who have never seen open fermentation, here you go., Casks filled, dry hopped and primed today. Kegs later this week. Summer Session and Hop Session very soon., Hope everyone enjoys ACBF. I'll be caretaking fermentation this weekend, and hitting every pub in Portland. Not a bad plan B., Great press for the brand new The Haven JP, now with Notch Session Ale on tap! Best of luck Jason! Scottish grub and craft beer come to JP., While I agree with the majority of what is said here, I can't help but think this is too snobbish in the delivery ("amateur" beer drinkers)., Summer Session fermenting, and an empty fermenter waiting for Hop Session. Soon!, Hop back filled for Notch Summer Session., Can't really agree with Jim Koch's comment: “A craft beer you would not drink after you just mowed the lawn on a hot day.” Is that how we define our craft? Is that how we determine who receives a small brewer's tax credit?, In Maine brewing Hop Session and Summer Session this week. Unfortunately, will miss Boston Beer Week, but you'll have something to look forward when it's over. Look for these beers the first week of July, as well as a few special events to kick them off., As expected, more good stuff from Lew Bryson of The Session Beer Project. Also, Session Beer has been included in a Craft Beer top 5 trend list., Chow gives some exposure to Session beer, and Notch!, Do you look for a beer's ABV% (alcohol by volume) when at a pub/beer bar? Do you like to know a beer's ABV? Why, why not? Check out the trend, and then chime in., The Better Beer Blog, the last two paragraphs are spot on. It's time to "sessionize"!, Beer Blogging Friday compiled all of the contributions on this months topic, Session Beer. I have a favorite, which I'll link to separately. But, as you'll see, there are divergent thoughts on Session Beer, which is why I have been so firm about a clear definition., Lew Bryson, from The Session Beer Project, with a passionate blog post on Session Beer., For those who missed my Session Beer article in last month's Beer Advocate Magazine, I posted it on the Notch Session Blog. Today is also Beer Blogging Friday, a once per month thing where beer bloggers write about a single topic. Today's topic? Session Beer., is now pouring at Bukowski's Cambridge for the first time!, at the brewery tomorrow to finalize recipes for the next round of Session Ales. Two new Session styles to hit the streets at the end of June. Final kegs of Notch Session Red and Notch Session Pale are flowing around town, and "live" updates on locations coming soon., Fun time at Space 242 on Friday. Great comic art on display. Notch Session Red and Session Pale kegs kicked at the exact same time. Clearly, both were sessionable., Thanks for all those who came by The Independent last night, and especially the Indo for tapping Notch a little early. We even got a quick photo shoot in for the website update. Mr. Dave from BBC, great to catch-up!, OK, Notch is now flowing... let's go @theindo, We have a new assignment, kick the keg in the way of Notch. Belly up!, A Notch Session at the Independent later today, one of the last chances to try Notch Session Pale Ale., The Session Beer Project with a mention of Notch... thanks Lew! Check out the Notch blog post for the rebuttal., One month old. Isn't this the point where we start to gurgle, coo, grunt, and hum to express feelings?, Notch Session on tap at the homestead tonight., Thanks for everyone who came out for last night's A Notch Session at Atwood's Tavern, many old friends, and many new. Next week we're heading to Somerville. News soon., In this American Craft Beer Week, let us review what non-Craft Beer looks like. Remember "Cool Colt", the first mentholated malt liquor?, It is American Craft Beer Week. Now that you have an excuse, belly up and enjoy an American craft beer. Think of it as an altruistic endeavor., Notch Session Red Cask flowing at Cambridge Common!, Updates on draft accounts now posted for your drinking pleasure. And there's cask in your future too., The Independent outdoor chalkboard... Notch is legit!, Can't hardly wait for Notch Session Red? It's now flowing at TT's , rockers (Sorry, couldn’t help myself)., New draft location updates later today... will give the "Now Pouring" status as it happens, possibly the "Now Drinking" status too., Bukowski's Boston, photo courtesy of Alicia Benjamin and RedPint. I was too busy yapping to grab a snapshot, so thanks!, Big thanks to all those who came to the Notch Session last night for a few pints, including  RedPint and Holland-Mark. As for Jason Porter and Joe Barry, thanks for the laughs and story telling, great to catch-up. Look for another Session next week., My Beer Advocate Magazine article, "It's time for Session Beer" raised the ire of a few beer bloggers. They claimed I was trying to make something out of nothing, in that craft Session Beer was always an option that everyone knew about. My experience, as a consumer and as a brewer, was much different. 
So I throw it back to you, the craft beer consumer, by asking the question:  

Did you always know that craft Session Beer was an option?, Will big man Jeff Lawrence of the Weekly Dig be on hand with his legendary mug club mug at A Notch Session at Bukowski's?, Check out Notch distributor's World Class Beverage Page, not only will it update you on Notch related news, but other world class beers., If you hit the Kenmore area this weekend, grab a Notch at Lower Depths. Session Pale Ale is now flowing., The Brewers Association's 2010 style guidelines were released yesterday, and they dropped the ball with Session Beer, EVOO in Cambridge - Notch delivery tomorrow. Tasty!, Indo in Somerville, People have been asking, so here is the DL on the beer descriptions and associated detail for those who dig such things. Just remember that Session beer is the conduit to conversation, not the topic. We have wine for such snobbery., Interesting post from the Session Beer Project., TT the Bear's, Cambridge... Notch on draft. Rock and roll my friends. Rock and roll., The Independent is this first to tap!, American Craft, Bukowski's, Lower Depths, Sunset, Cambridge Common, Independent, Atwood, Christopher's, Redbones. All will begin pouring over the weekend. I'll hit em all, it's session beer, right? See me and I'm buying., Whoa, four more draft lines today., Check out the WAAF interview with Notch at SlowFest!, The Notch posters that made you smile are now on the website., The first bar to tap a barrel of Notch Session Ale will be announced in a few days. What day? Don't know, but it will be one of five. If all five tap the same day, that will be an extreme Session. Check out the list., Great blog post by Brit writer Mark Dredge on the trend in craft beer ABV strength, and the implications for Session beer awareness., Final thoughts on SlowFest, SlowFest over, Notch is here. Let's go... draft accounts start next week., Notch Debut, Cask is tapped, at SlowFest tomorrow, and Saturday. Game time., SlowFest article in the Boston Herald with a Notch mention., My Session Beer article in Beer Advocate Magazine has hit the streets, it's print only, so grab one today., Back to KBC, 17 years later, to test out some new recipes for Notch, Draft accounts are lining up... locations to be posted on the blog next week., Notch's new beer fest bar is complete and ready for SlowFest action. 100% reclaimed, reused wood. 100% session ready. Thanks Tim Bailey! Want to see it? Come to SlowFest and belly up., Both batches are in the conditioning tanks. It was a fun day of tasting Notch American Session Ales for the first time. Spot on!, batch #2 is done, in the fermenter and happy. Off to see Wico (me, not the beer)., Notch American Session Ale batch #1 in the fermenter. A good day., Some love from the Session Beer Project... Thanks Lew!, Notch Session Blog is go!, null)