List(Friday's Pub Special: $ 10.99 Lobster Salad Roll with fries or onion rings! Come on Down! served 11:30 am till 10:00 pm in the pub! 

Daily Sandwich Specials:
Sunday: Hot Turkey Sandwich $ 6.99
Monday:Grilled Rueben $ 4.99
Tuesday: Hot Pastrami $ 4.99
Wednesday: Our Famous Roast Beef Sandwich $ 4.99
Thursday: Fried Haddock Sandwich $ 5.99
Friday: Lobster Salad Roll $ 10.99
Saturday: Turkey Club Sandwich $ 4.99

All served with fries, chips or onion rings!, Happy Valentine's Day! 
Join us for Valentine's Day brunch tomorrow! Warm up with our delicious buffet served 9:30-2:30, special Facebook Valentines price $14.99 pp! 
Also featuring dinner specials tonight and tomorrow, 32oz bone in prime rib, 16oz t bone steak, raspberry salmon, Mt Vernon chicken sauté, Cajun grilled swordfish and many more specials!! Full menu available all weekend! 
Show this post for a free dessert! 
Hope to see you 
617-666-3830 for reservations!, Join us tomorrow for our famous Friday dinner for two special!! Two orders of baked sea scallops, with choice of either soup or salad, two sides of potato, 2 sides of veggies, with dessert, $26.99 served 11:30am till 10:00 pm!, Ok, pre game party tomorrow from 9:30am on! Wear any pats gear and Sunday brunch is  $9.99 pp with Pats gear, $13.99 pp if your not a Pats supporter, 1/2 price apps at the bar during the game! Come on down, best Bloody's around by far, bar open at 10 am! Come on down!!!!, Hungry? You will be after looking at a picture of our roast beef sandwich. A good customer who hasn't been in for a time because he moved away from the Ville stopped in before the Bruins game Thursday night for our famous roast beef sandwich. He sent me this picture and said it was still as good as ever. I saw him at the bar again yesterday ordering three more to go, said it was so good he came back for more for his co-workers. A little history, the Mt Vernon opened up as a small pub in 1935 seating about 30 people serving only sandwiches at the bar. We still cut and cook our roast beef sandwiches and slice them fresh behind the bar daily. We have a pub special for $9.99 that includes a roast beef sandwich or cheeseburger, fries or rings and choice of a 23oz fountain soda or 16oz domestic draught beer. Come on down!, Ok, today from 3:30-8:30 it's half price apps at the bar for the Pats game, also $12.99 prime rib from 4:00-10:00pm served with salad, potato and vegetables! 

Tomorrow no Patriots game, so join us for our spectacular brunch served from 9:30-2:30 for our Facebook friends let's do $10.99 pp when u mention or show this post, valid up to 10 guests! Not valid with any Groupons, discounts or coupons! 

What better way to start the day with one of our famous Bloody Mary's or a nice mimosa! 

Hope to see you!, Hey Mt Vernon Facebook fans! 
Don't want you to miss this great deal! Hurry it ends soon! Go to www.groupon.com and purchase $30 groupons  for $15.00!!, Good Afternoon, 
Happy New Year! We are open all week including New Years Eve and open New Year's Day offering our famous brunch from 10:00-2:30! 
The Mt Vernon is a great place to have dinner then hop on the orange line to view the ice sculptures in town! Leave your car in our parking lot if you dine with us! 
Reservations suggested, 617-666-3830
If you have not tried our brunch yet this is a great way to start 2016!, Merry Christmas!!! Still looking for some last minute holiday gifts, Stocking stuffers and grab gifts? Check out our deal tomorrow on Groupon, offering $ 30.00 gift certificates for $15.00!! Deal starts tomorrow on Groupon! Maximum purchase of 5 per person!! Share this with a friend!! 
 We are open Christmas Eve till 6pm! 

Join us this Sunday for brunch with Santa for $13.99, served from 9:30-2:30!!, Ok friends, Thanksgiving is over, tired of Turkey? You have two options tomorrow, our Sunday brunch for $10.99 with this post?Oysters, shrimp, clams,  omelette's, eggs Benedict , scrambled eggs, bacon, salads, pastries, bacon , sausage, prime rib, ham, etc for only $10.99?? Or cmon down for some twins lobsters for $12.99 served from 11:00 am till 10:00 pm, before the pats kick some --- tomorrow night, best Bloody Mary's anywhere guaranteed! Mimosas aren't bad either, stay all day or come in for the game at the bar and get a free appetizer 

See you tomorrow! 
Thanks, Good afternoon, 
No Patriots on today, why not join us for Sunday Brunch served till 2:30, or better yet try our twin boiled lobster special today  for our  face book friends for only $12.99! Can't beat that deal!!! Come on down, kitchen open till 10pm, reservations suggested 617-666-3830, 
Also we are open on Thanksgiving, unbelievable buffet from 11:30-5:00, also featuring a limited sit down dinner, 
Happy Thanksgiving!!, Great write up of Mt. Vernon and some of the other great spots in our neighborhood from WGBH:, Who's Hungry? You won't be soon if you join us for Sunday Brunch, open at 9:30 am till 2:30 pm, $12.99 with this post, simply show your server for the discount! (Valid up to 10 guests, not valid with any other offers, discounts, coupons or private parties.) 

Wear your pats gear, shirt, hat, or sweatshirt  and enjoy brunch for $9.99 pp with Pats gear, offer valid 11:00-2:30! 

Free appetizer valued up to $12.00 at the bar tomorrow if you watch the pats spank the redskins in our pub, just mention this post, Try 1 of or our 16 beers on tap or sample several while watching the game! 
Offer valid 12:30-4:00 pm., $11.99 twin boiled lobsters tomorrow (Saturday, 11/7/15) from 11:30-4:30, holy sweet deal!! And if you make a reservation 617-666-3830, enjoy a free brownie sundae! 
also, for the non lobster lovers, 16 oz prime rib with salad, potato and vegetables, $12.99, same dessert deal with a reservation! 
Hope to see you, Here we go one more time!!! Tomorrow Friday 11/6/15 from 12:00-10:00 pm twin boiled lobsters $13.99!! If you can't make it tomorrow join us Saturday 11/7/15 from 11:30-4:30 for the same deal! for the non lobster lovers, Saturday night is prime rib night, 16 oz prime rib with salad, potato and vegetables for $13.99. 
show this post to your server and get a brownie sundae on me! 
Sunday Brunch anyone??? Show this post to your server and enjoy our famous brunch for $9.99!!! Regularly $18.50 pp, sorry this deal is only valid for up to 10 guests, and not valid with private parties, 
Reservations suggested, 617-666-3830, It's prime rib night!!! 16 oz prime rib with garden or Caesar salad, potato and vegetables $12.99, cmon down, served 4:00-10:00 pm, Check out these deals this weekend at Mt. Vernon! 

Tomorrow, (Friday) Twin Boiled Lobsters  $13.99
Saturday: 16oz Prime Rib $13.99
Sunday: Roast Stuffed Turkey dinner $9.99
Monday: Fresh Baked Haddock $12.99
All served with salad, potato and vegetables except the lobster special! 

If you have not tried our Sunday Brunch, this is your chance to enjoy it for $9.99!!!!! Served 9:30-2:30, regular price $18.49pp. (Not valid for private parties). 
 Catch the Pats Game in the pub! 12 TV's

End your meal with a dessert sampler! Hot fudge sundae, apple crisp and strawberry shortcake!

Call 617-666-3830 for reservations!!, Tonight"s dinner for two special:  baked scallops $26.99! Two orders of fresh baked sea scallops in lightly seasoned bread crumbs served with two sides soup or salad, potato and vegetables and dessert for $26.99! Can't beat that deal, also this week today through next Thursday our famous extra thick pork chops (2) for $12.99 with salad potato and vegetables, wow! Make it a surf and turf anyone?? Come on down tonight! Featured draught beer of the week shipyard pumpkin ale! 
Dessert sampler: apple crisp, hot fudge sundae and strawberry shortcake $8.99 yum!, Corned beef and cabbage anyone? It's not St paddy"s day but we have this every Thursday FYI! It's always better with a pint of Guinness! Served 11:30 am till 10:00 pm, while it lasts!!
Last day for twin boiled lobster special, prime rib, and haddock special! Stop by today! See what's next week's special is later tonight!, Okay lobster Lovers! 
Check out this last minute deal, come in today from 3pm-10pm and get twin boiled lobsters for $12.99, simply show this post and enjoy! Mt. Vernon Restaurant
14 Broadway Somerville! 
They are great with an order of steamers or a cup of chowder! You won't see a deal like this again this year! 
617-666-3830, Bet you didn't know we cater? One of our best kept secrets! Birthdays, anniversaries, weddings, or any occasion, we are the best in the business! One call does it all, food, tents, tables, chairs. Also party platters to go for pats games etc! Call or inbox  us 617-666-3830, Happy Fall! Join us Friday September 25th-Thursday October 1st 2015 for some great fall specials: 
10 oz. prime rib with salad potato and vegetables $14.99
Fresh baked Haddock, salad, potato and vegetables $12.99 
Mt. Vernon chicken sauté, with salad $12.99
Twin Boiled Lobsters  $17.99 
And our spectacular Sunday Brunch served from 9:30-2:30 only $11.99 this Sunday!, Twin lobsters today and tomorrow, $15.35! Served 11:30 am-10pm 

Sunday brunch tomorrow $10.99 if you show this post! 
Sunday brunch served  9:30-2:30
Valid up to 10 guests, not valid for private parties, null, Here we go again lobster lovers! This Wednesday July 29th through Sunday August 2nd, 11:30 am till 10:00 pm Twin Boiled Lobsters $15.35!!!! 

Great with an order of steamers or homemade clam chowder! 

Enjoy them with one of our 16 ice cold beers on tap! 

This week's dessert special: 
Turtle cheesecake!, Ok here we go again lobster lovers! Check this deal out, 
Today, Friday, Saturday and Sunday, July 23, 24th, 25th, and 26th you can enjoy our twin lobster special for only $15.35!!! Kitchen open 11:30 am till 10:00 pm! Great with steamers, chowder and a cold 16 or 23oz draught beer! 
Reservations suggested 617-666-3830, Twin lobsters anyone??? 
Join us today saturday July 18th or tomorrow July 19th for an unreal deal on twin boiled lobsters for only $15.99! 
Served 11:30 am till 10:00pm. 
They are great with an order of steamers or homemade clam chowder and an ice cold draught beer. Try our baked stuffed lobsters for only $3.00 more per lobster, also special price for Sunday brunch this week $11.99! Served 9:30-2:30
Reservations suggested 617-666-3830, Sunday brunch anyone? Memorial Day special $9.99, served 9:30-2:30, We are celebrating 80 years this year. As part of our celebration, we are offering twin boiled lobsters all Memorial Day weekend for $19.35! They go great with and order of steamers and a cold draught beer! 
Also, for our Facebook followers join us tomorrow for Sunday brunch before hitting the beach for only $9.99 with this post! Normally $18.49pp 
We are rolling back prices all year with a weekly rollback special! Stay tuned for next post! Have a great safe Memorial Day weekend!, Happy Easter! We are still accepting reservations for our Easter Sunday Brunch buffet, served 10:00-4:00, $25.99 pp! Also serving a limited Easter menu from 12:00-7:00! 
Brunch buffet includes eggs, omelettes, bacon, sausage, home fries, French toast, pancakes, fresh fruits, berries, prime rib, ham, turkey, leg of lamb, haddock, salmon, chicken parm, oysters, cherry stones, shrimp cocktail, pasta salads, desserts, pastries, and more! 
Call 617-666-3830 to reserve!, It's almost showtime! Don't miss this special event! 
This Saturday  November 22nd, the Mt Vernon hosts Las  Vegas Hypnotist Tommy Vee! 
Show time is 8:30! 
Limited tickets still available! 
$20.00 in advance 
$25.00 at the door! 
Call 617-666-3830 for more info or to reserve a seat!, Save the date!!! 
Saturday November 22nd 2014, 
Las Vegas hypnotist Tommy Vee 
At the Mt Vernon Restaurant, in the John Henry function room. 
With future upcoming country star 
Renee Leavitt!
        Show starts at 8:30pm 

Tixs $ 20.00 in advance
        $25.00 at the door 
       Call 617-666-3830 for more info!, Back by popular demand! There are still tickets left for this Saturdays comedy show, featuring Paul Nardizzi, Ed Cameron, Sarah Robertson and Gary Leavitt! Tickets $20, doors open at 7 pm, show starts at 8:30 pm! 
October 25th, Mt vernon Restaurant 
Call 617-666-3830 for reservations!, Last call this year for our twin boiled lobster special, tomorrow, Tuesday September 30th 2014, from 11:30 am till 10:00 pm, not a lobster lover, also featuring $12.99 slow roasted prime rib of beef au jus paired with two sides! As always fresh baked popovers while they last! Reservations suggested 
617-666-3830!, Join us for sunday brunch tomorrow from 9:30-2:30, all your favorite breakfast and dinner favorites, raw bar, fresh fruits, omolette station, danish, muffins, carving station with roast sirloin, ham, turkey, also seafood newburg, pastries, desserts and more! $10.99 for facebook friends with mention of this post! Sunday brunch wouldn't be complete without our famous Bloody Mary or Mimosa! Pats game will be on! Reservations accepted, 617-666-3830. Hope to see you!, Check out this deal tomorrow!! $9.99 Twin Boiled lobsters, served from 11:30am till 10:00pm, Tuesday September 16th. 
& $12.99 Prime Rib!!! 
Wash them down with a martini sampler or one of 16 ice cold beers on tap! Reservations suggested 617-666-3830., Twin Lobster Special Continues! This Monday, Tuesday & Wednesday, August 25-27th, you can enjoy Twin Boiled Lobsters for $ 13.99, served 11:30 am till 10:00 pm! Or stop in for our famous Roast Beef Sandwich, made fresh at the bar, Wash it down with one of your favorite 16 beers on Tap!, Facebook Special: Twin Boiled Lobster Special, $ 13.99.  Tuesday, Wednesday & Thursday, August 5th, 6th & 7th. Served from 11:30 am till 10:00 pm! Mention you saw this post to redeem twin lobsters for this special price!, Happy 4th of July! We're celebrating with Twin Boiled Lobsters -- $15.99 today through Monday (July 4-7). Be sure to print & present this page to get the deal for you and your whole table., Do your kids have the Back-to-School blues? Cheer them up with Lobster Dinner! Through Labor Day, kids 12 and under can enjoy a single boiled lobster, fries and corn on the cob for just $5.99 with the purchase of two full-priced adult entrees. 
Be sure to print and present this page to enjoy!, Save the Date for the East Somerville Foodie Crawl: Sept. 10, "Like" if you know a dad who deserves to be treated like a King this Father's Day! (We'd recommend brunch as a good way to start ;) ), Santa Claus is coming to....Mt. Vernon Sunday Brunch!! Join him today at noon, and enjoy the food our own elves our cooking up., As the end of summer approaches, so does Monday Lobster Mania :( Today is the last chance to get Twin Lobsters for $10.99 when you print/present this page., Today, we fondly remember David "Davey" Mehigan, a beloved member of the Mt. Vernon family for more than 40 years whose presence is already truly missed...., $10.99 Twin Boiled Lobsters today only! Yes, you read that right...just print this page to get that unbeatable price for lunch or dinner., null, By a show of likes, how many of you will be treating mom to a special meal out this weekend?, Get out of the 93 traffic jam this morning-- hot coffee is brewing and we're cooking up breakfast just off Exit 28!, We don't want you to fill up on candy before our amazing Easter Sunday Brunch, but what sweets are you most looking forward to enjoying this weekend?, Hop on down to our Easter Sunday brunch this weekend, 9:30am-3pm! Reservations recommended by calling 617-666-4805, We're rooting for YOU to win that Mega Millions tonight (and will be ready to console you with some food and drink if you're not that 1 in 175,711,536...), By a show of "likes," who is craving lobster today because of this 80+ degree weather? We are!, Corned Beef & Cabbage, Shepherd's Pie, and Guinness...oh my! We are ready for some serious St. Patty's Day celebrations at the Mt. Vernon, This kind of weather calls for some comfort food....and we'll be serving that up all day!!, Happy Valentine's Day to all our fans! All of us at Mt. Vernon "like" you all, too!, Don't forget to make your Valentine's Day reservations!, The one Super Bowl food that's definitely on my menu for Sunday is ___________., The countdown is on for the Patriots vs. Giants! Call today to reserve your spot in our lounge to catch the game..., Santa Claus is coming...to brunch! He Ho Ho Hopes to see you there this Sunday, from 11:30-1:30. Call for details or to make reservations, 617-666-3830, Even though there won't be any Thanksgiving football in Somerville this year, we'll be celebrating our home town pride tomorrow morning and invite all you fans from Medford, Everett, Cambridge, Charlestown and beyond to join us for some pre-football, pre-Turkey festivities!! Kitchen and bar open at 8am...breakfast special for $5.99..see you there!, Thanksgiving is less than a week away. Still making plans? We'd love to host you for a delicious Turkey Dinner (among other things). Get the full menu or make reservations by calling 617-666-4805., Are YOU coming to the East Somerville Foodie Crawl tomorrow? We hope to see you there (well, here) tomorrow starting at 5:50, null, a rainy Sunday morning like this calls for Sunday Brunch! Join us 9:30-2:30..., Thanks for your patronage at our Revere and Lynnfield locations. As you may have heard, we closed those restaurants this week, but invite you to continue to dine with us in Somerville, where all gift cards, vouchers, etc are now being accepted., Congratulations to Tammy Joy Warner, this week's Facebook Friday winner :) Email mtvernonrestaurants@yahoo.com with your address so we can mail you your gift card; everyone else, stay tuned for a new question tomorrow!, "The one Mount Vernon specialty I cannot get enough of is _____________." Last call for entries for a chance to win a gift card!, Facebook Friday, fill-in-the-blank edition! The one Mount Vernon specialty I cannot get enough of is _____________. Answer below for a chance to win a Mt. Vernon gift card early next week. Good luck :), Congratulations to Val Brady, this week's Facebook Friday winner! We love your love for the knuckle meat, and the family "teamwork" so everyone gets their share of their favorite part! Email your address to mtvernonrestaurants@yahoo.com and we will mail you your gift card!, We've heard claws, tails, knuckles and butter, among others, and now is your last chance to weigh in: What's THE best part of a lobster? Answer below for a chance to win a gift card., Happy Facebook Friday. We are going LOBSTER CRAZY over here at the Mt. Vernon and need your help settling a big debate: What's THE best part of a lobster? Tell us your favorite for a chance to win a gift card! (and no cheating by saying "all of it!"), Get 'em while you can!, $12.99 TWIN LOBSTERS w/ the purchase of a soup or appetizer. TODAY ONLY and strictly at our SOMERVILLE location. This special is exclusive to our Facebook fans and email club members, so be sure to print & show this page to get the deal!, From salads to slaw, here are some great summer food recipes for when you can't dine with us!, Last call for answers to our latest question: what's your favorite food or drink for staying cool when the heat waves hits.....Weigh in below for a chance to win a gift card!, Happy Facebook Friday! When the weather hits 100+, what's the best food or beverage to stay cool? Comment with your thoughts for a chance to win a gift card, and stay safe in this blistering heat!, Congrats Maria Judge, this week's gift card winner for this wonderful little ditty: 
"A cold Belfast Bay Lobster Ale,
Quenches thirsts both on land and a-sail,
Though we still are a-learnin,
We know the Mount Vernon,
Has the best ale and TWIN lobster tails.", Last chance to tell us what makes outdoor dining great for a chance to win a gift card!!, Keep cool on this hot weekebd with a Belfast Bay Lobster Ale, on tap in Somerville, Facebook Friday time! With the bea-u-tiful weather today, our deck and patio bar in Revere is OPEN and we want to know: What makes outdoor dining (and drinking) so appealing? Tell us for your chance to win a gift card!, Congratulations, Paula Pellecchia -- this week's Facebook Friday winner! Email mtvernonrestaurants@yahoo.com with your address so we can mail your gift card. Everyone else: check back in this Friday for your next chance to win!, Last chance to weigh in on make-or-break restaurant qualities! Comment below for a chance to win a gift card., Happy Facebook Friday everyone! This week's question: what is the #1 quality that makes (or breaks) a restaurant experience...the food? the service? the ambiance? the value? You tell us...and be sure to explain why! One lucky commenter will win a $50 Mt. Vernon gift card, are you a member of our email club? If not, you're missing out on some sweet Lobster deals this weekend. Sign up here! http://mtvernonrestaurants.com/email_club.htm, It's Facebook Friday, and this week it's all about Dad! With Father's Day almost here, tell us why a father in your life is smart, loving, hard working or otherwise #1! The winner will be announced Monday and receive a gift card to take the Dad out of a great meal at Mt. Vernon, Facebook Friday, big bad Bruins edition! How many shots will Tim Thomas stop in tonight's game?! Closest without going over wins...and if you join us to watch the game, we'll DOUBLE your gift card prize if you win (receipt required), The un-official kick-off to summer is here!! So for this week's Facebook Friday question, answer this: What's on the menu for your Memorial Day Weekend?!, Don't miss today's deal on BuyWithMe!, The crowds have spoken, and Nicci Diflumeri is this week's Facebook Friday winner! And she's right: kids do always scream " fries fries fries," making them the Side Supreme! Email mtvernonrestaurants@yahoo.com with your address so we can send you your gift card., Be sure to share your opinion about THE supreme side dish below. It's neck-and-neck between Fries and Onion Rings (see Friday's post), so your vote and the reason "why" really matter. The best answer will be awarded a gift card and their selected side deemed Champion!, It's Facebook Friday time, and this week, we're ending the age-old debate on sides.   In the battle between french fries (and now sweet potato fries), onion rings and cole slaw, who reigns supreme? Or is it another side all together? Weigh in for a chance to win a gift card next week!, Congratulations to William Mokeler III, our latest Facebook Friday winner. Every entry was excellent and every Mom great, so this was the hardest decision to make yet--so hard that we brought in several Mom judges to help select the winner. William, email mtvernonrestaurants@yahoo.com with your address so we can mail your gift card; Everyone else, stay tuned for this week's Facebook Friday question, coming up soon!, Mother's Day may be over, but there's still one day left to tell us why Mom rocks to win a gift card. Enter below!, Moms are the best, so this week's Facebook Friday is dedicated to them. Tell us below why a mother in your life is deserving of a Mount Vernon gift card for a chance to win one for her. We'll select a Mom/fan pair on Monday to win a $50 gift card., Happy Cinco de Mayo fans! Stop on by for a cerveza to celebrate..., Congrats to this week's Facebook Friday winner: Ellen Wasserman Ricciardelli! She was the first to weigh in with Fish & Chips, which is our favorite choice for English-inspired fare as well. Email mtvernonrestaurants@yahoo.com with your address so we can get you a gift card and you can enjoy some of the best Fish & Chips on this side of the pond, Last chance to answer for a chance to win a gift card: What is your fave English food, drink or celebratory tradition? Comment below, and a winner will be picked by tomorrow, Don't forget that Mother's Day is one week from today! If you'll be taking Mom out, be sure to make reservations in advance (it's a busy day for us and most restaurants), Facebook Friday, Royal Wedding edition: What's your favorite English food, drink or celebratory tradition? Answer below for a chance to win a $50 gift card next week!, Calling all Bruins fans! We'll have the B's on in the bar at all 3 locations, so skip cooking and join us for Game 7!, Congratulations to this week's Facebook Friday winner, Katelyn Milkowski! We don't carry Spotted Cow (yet, at least) but that response was too good overlook as the winner. Email mtvernonrestaurants@yahoo.com with your address so we can mail you your gift card., Last call for Facebook Friday entries: what's your favorite beer to enjoy after a hard day's work?, Happy Friday! Weigh in on this week's Facebook Friday question for a chance to win a gift card:  What's your favorite brew--bottle or draft--to enjoy after a hard day's work?, Tonight at The Ship: Mr. Balloon Wizard! Appearing 5:30-8:30...bring the kids, of course!, Congratulations Marie Silkes Iapicca, this week's Facebook Friday winner!  Email mtvernonrestaurants@yahoo.com with your address so we can mail you a gift card and allow you to enjoy that meal cooked by someone else: us!, Congratulations to all the Boston Marathon runners out there! If you ran, come by today with your bib in hand to receive $15 off your meal., Don't forget to answer last week's Facebook Friday question before the end of the day for a chance to win a gift card: What Easter item are you most looking forward to and why?!, Facebook Friday question! Easter is next Sunday and we have a fantastic brunch planned. From candy to lamb dinner or anything in between, what item are you most looking forward to enjoying? A winner will be announced next week, and receive a gift card!, Congratulations Donna Wade, this week's Facebook Friday winner! Email mtvernonrestaurants@yahoo.com with your address so we can mail you your gift card. Another chance to win tomorrow!, $19.99 Twin Lobsters!! It's a pre-summer special for TODAY only, just at the Revere location!, Today's your last chance to win a gift card by posting your best Mt Vernon experience here on our wall!, That delicious smell of cooking bacon can only mean one thing: it's Sunday brunch time! Come hungry..., It's Facebook Friday time, and we're keeping it simple: what is the best experience you've ever had at one of our restaurants and why? We'll award a gift card to the best answer next week!, What kinds of events would you be interested in attending at Mt. Vernon?, Are you a member of our email club?! Sign up today and never miss a Mt. Vernon special!, The patio at The Wharf is officially open starting today! Join us for frozen daiquiris, twin lobsters and live music. Boaters welcome!, Don't forget to weigh in on our Facebook Friday question for a chance to win a gift card: What one item (food or drink) would you add to Mt. Vernon's menu?, Facebook Friday: If you could add one item--food or drink--to Mt Vernon's menu, what would it be?, Save the date for a fundraiser for Louisa Baron, a favorite server at the Mt. Vernon Somerville for over 20 years who has cancer. It is April 17th, 4pm at the Dilboy VFW (371 Summer Street, Somerville). Suggested $25 donation at the door, Congrats to Andrew Russell, this week's Facebook Friday winner. Although our prime rib, lobsters rolls and brunch are all great, nothing says spring like a fresh piece of salmon over a crisp bed of veggies. Andrew, email mtvernonrestaurants@yahoo.com with your address so we can mail you your gift card., Last call for a chance to win a free gift card: comment here or on our wall about your favorite spring dish. Even if it is going to snow today :( , it is Spring, so there's hope for warmer weather and lighter fare in our near future, Argh...The Ship is being taken over by pirates tomorrow! Enjoy brunch, plus magic and other adventures for the kids. 10-12 at the Lynnfield location. Call 781-595-2001 for reservations or more details., Facebook Friday question: Spring (finally!) begins this weekend. What is your favorite spring dish? Share your thoughts below for a chance to win a gift card!, Happy St. Patrick's Day!! Whether you're Irish by heritage or just at heart, "May your blessings outnumber the shamrocks that grow,and may trouble avoid you wherever you go!", Don't forget to post your pictures from your St. Patty's celebrations over the coming days at Mt. Vernon!, Congratulations to Lars Hansen, this week's Facebook Friday winner (though a bit belatedly). We agree our mashed butternut squash is, in fact, heavenly! Email mtvernonrestaurants@yahoo.com with your address so we can get your gift card., We've got your green beer here! Have a pint with your corned beef and cabbage every day this week., Last call for this week's Facebook Friday: what's the "must have" item you always enjoy with your meal? Respond below for a chance to win a gift card!, Ready to celebrate St. Patty's day?! We are offering our corned beef and cabbage dinner starting today and going all week. Yum!, Facebook Friday: besides our oh-so-delicious popovers, what is the "must have" item you always enjoy with your meal? A special brew, that side of peas, those famous stuffed rigatoni? You tell us for a chance to win a gift card on Monday!, Thanks, Tom R., for the great review of our Somerville restaurant on Yelp!: "Friendly, Inexpensive, good quality food. Where can you have lobster bisque, prime rib, the sides and a pint of Guinness for $22? That is worth the 4th star"

Visit www.yelp.com to leave your own review!, Why deal with the hoopla of Boston's Restaurant Week when you can get a seemingly endless combo of 3 courses at Mt Vernon for less than $33.08 every day?!, We're 286 fans away from 1,000! Help us share our great deals with more people by telling others. Simply click "Suggest to Friends" to invite your friends to follow Mt. Vernon Restaurants, Only a few hours left to enter this week's Facebook Friday question: what special event will you be planning in the coming months? The best answer will win 10% off a party of 25 or more at any of our 3 locations. Good luck :), It's Facebook Friday time...What big special event will you be celebrating in the coming months and who is going to be a part of the occasion? Maybe its a shower or a christening, a birthday, or a work reception. This week's winner will receive 10% off the total bill if they book a party for 25 or more people to celebrate at any of our 3 locations. Good luck :), This week's Facebook Friday question is coming soon...and get ready, because we are upping the ante!, Congratulations Susan Pritchard, this week's Facebook Friday winner! Email us with your address at mtvernonrestaurants@yahoo.com so we can send you your gift card. We agree there's not much that can top our homemade chicken pot pie and popovers on a chilly winter day...in fact, we're serving it up in Somerville today!, Another rainy day, and one last chance to tell us about your favorite comfort food for a chance to win a gift card!, It's Facebook Friday time! On a rainy day like today, what comfort foods are you craving? Post your answer here for a chance to win a gift card!, Congratulations Rob O'Hannon, this week's Facebook Friday winner! We think you hit the nail on the head. Email us at mtvernonrestaurants@yahoo.com with your address so we can get you your gift card!, Facebook Friday: what makes a great Sunday Brunch-either at the Mt Vernon or in general- ...mimosas, entertainment, crispy bacon, or something else?  Tell us for a chance to win a gift card!, Congratulations to Marie Marrero for winning our latest Facebook Friday contest! We hope your Valentine enjoyed his clam chowder, and would like to send you a gift card so he can come back & enjoy it again. Email mtvernonrestaurants@yahoo.com with your mailing address. And stay tuned for more Facebook Friday tomorrow!, Check this out to brush up on your pirate lingo before this weekend's Pirate Party brunch at the Wharf, Ahoy, mateys! Mt. Vernon at the Wharf is hosting a PIRATE PARTY brunch this Sunday, 9-11am, featuring a special magic show for kids! Limited space available, so make your reservations today (for the show...or after, if you want to avoid walking the plank!), Happy Valentine's Day to all our great fans! We're still accepting reservations if you're looking to make last minute plans...and don't forget to tell us about your Valentine for a chance to win a gift card!, Don't forget to tell us about what makes your  Valentine great for a chance to win a gift card!, It's Facebook Friday and here's this week's question: Who is your Valentine, and what makes that person or your relationship with them oh-so special? We'll be giving a gift card to the most-deserving couple so they can enjoy a special post-Valentine dinner, lunch or brunch. Good luck :), “There is no sincerer love than the love of food.” -George Bernard Shaw

Show your love for good food--and your Valentine--this weekend at Mt. Vernon Restaurants, Congratulations, George Hu, for winning this week's Facebook Friday contest! It was a tough decision, but how can we say no to a profile picture featuring our famous Twin Lobsters!?! Email mtvernonrestaurants@yahoo.com with your address and we'll send you a gift card., Only a few hours left to post your best Mount Vernon pictures to win a gift card. We already have some great ones...keep 'em coming!, If you're still making plans for the big game, come on down to watch it with us!, Facebook Friday, photo edition! Upload your favorite Mt Vernon photo: you during your latest visit, of a group at a shower or other function, wearing your Mt Vernon tshirt,  the view from Revere's patio bar, a snapshot of your great server, etc. We'll reward the best image with a gift card next week. Good luck, and get creative!, We are open for business at all three locations today, and will be through the latest round of snow, sleet and slush!, Thanks, Paulo H., for the great review of our Revere restaurant on Yelp: "Great find...We have taken family, friends and business associates... seafood is always great as is the view..Try it...you'll like it." If you've had a good experience, share it! http://www.yelp.com/biz/mount-vernon-at-the-wharf-revere, There are still a few hours to enter this week's Facebook Friday contest for a free gift card. The question: who would you recommend Mt. Vernon to, and why?, It's Facebook Friday! Who would you recommend try Mt. Vernon Restaurants, but for some reason hasn't? Name the friend, family member, co-worker or other person in your life that has to check us out, and why.  BOTH of you could win a gift card. Winners will be announced Monday., What's the only thing better than all our restaurants having FREE parking lots for customers?....That they are already plowed and free of snow! Come on by for lunch or dinner - we'll be open, FACEBOOK FRIDAY, snow edition! This week’s question: When the weather's blistery and cold, what gets you out of the house and to the Mount Vernon? Maybe it's Twin lobsters with thoughts of summer,  a cozy seat at the bar, or 'cause it's much better than fighting the supermarket rush to grab dinner. A winner will be selected Monday to receive a Mount Vernon Gift Certificate. Good Luck!, Review by John P. on YELP...  Thanks John!     If I had to sum up Mount Vernon: Old-school solid American comfort food in a relaxed setting with excellent service.
On a cold Saturday night in January we went here on a whim.  I have always wanted to try the place, and I guess I was even a little surprised when I suggested it when we were driving by., ...we didn't have to wait a minute before we got our menu's and drink orders were taken. Let me say this right off the bat-this is huge. So many restaurants these days have servers (and even hosts) that really shouldn't be in the business. We felt welcomed, and this is something every restaurant should get right. Service really exceeded my expectations though, but more on that later. So, what about the food you ask?, For apps we got the Calamari and the clam chowder.  Both of these were good-not exceptional-and we were hungry.  The chowder was what chowder should be-creamy, w/a fair amount of clams, potatoes and maybe a hint of buttery taste...it suited me perfectly...really no complaints and I am admittedly a bit of a chowder snob.  The Calamari was breaded and thick and I liked it., Everything was timed very well by the kitchen and Elaine our waitress.  I have to say, the staff here seemed to be great and our server was the best.  I hope the owner reads this because they really do have a great employee in Elaine.  When it comes to dinning out, I have come to really appreciate a good server., They can make a good meal bad, or an OK meal good.  Elaine made a good meal GREAT!!!
Entree time (Yum-Yum).  I had the steak tips, and the lovely lady got the pork chops.  Both of these were served with potatoes and a choice of steamed veggies or Delmonico broccoli (read: creamy cheese sauce), we both opted for the latter-and they were great!!!, My baked and her mashed were solid, but it was the entrees that were awesome.  We shared our food, and both loved our own entrees-the chops were great-and plentiful.  The tips though were some of the best I have ever had!!!  Cooked to perfection (Medium) and obviously marinated with love...So I can say without hesitation, if you like tips, do yourself a favor and try these!!!, Bottom line, I have paid a lot more for solid meals like this...I think that is partly because of it's location and partly because the place hasn't tried to change to fit in with food trends and what have you.  Frankly I don't think this is a weakness, I think it's a strength.  I must add it's nice to eat at a non-mega chain, food by the numbers place that has some character..., Mount Vernon Gift Cards make the perfct fit for the Holidays for anyone on your list.  And for a limited time, when you purchase $50 worth of Gift Cards at any of our restaurants you will receive a $5 voucher for yourself.  And purchasing $100 worth gets you a $15 voucher to the Mount Vernon.  Give them the gift the they can use, Mount Vernon Gift Cards., Boston Rockabilly is performing at the Mount Vernon at the Ship in Lynnfield Saturday, December 18 beginning at 8:30.  Check out this great band as they perfor for the first time at the Ship on Route 1!, Dinner For Two is Extra-Thick Pork Chops for $20.99 with salad, potato, and dessert., Sally, we checked our emails and do not see anything from you.  Please try again at mtvernonrestaurants@yahoo.com or call the restaurant and ask for Dave.  We look forward to hearing from you., FACEBOOK FRIDAY... This week's question. How often do you go to the Mount Vernon?  Once a week?  Seven times a week? Twice a month?  There really is no right answer - AS LONG AS YOU KEEP COMING!  We will select one winner with a good story about why they continue to frequent the Mount Vernon.  THat facebook winner will receive a gift card.  Winner announced Monday and you have all weekend to answer.  Good Luck!, The Mount Vernon Thanksgiving Menus are available online now!  Click the link to find the menu for the restaurants of your choice. Somerville and the Ship in Lynnfield will offer a menu with Turkey Dinner and other favorites while the Wharf in Revere will provide a Thanksgiving Buffet. Make reservations early as space is limited and sold out every year!   http://mtvernonrestaurants.blogspot.com/, Twin Lobsters Thursday at all Mount Vernon Restaurants for $14.99!, FACEBOOK FRIDAY... This week we ask who your favorite Mount Vernon server is and why. Tell us what they do that makes you come back and why you enjoy their service. Is it Harry or Richie at the bar in Somerville, Cheryl or Justin tending in Revere, or Adele or Jerry in the dining room at the Wharf? Maybe you like Penny, Elaine, Ellen, Mike or Jan in Somerville? Maybe the Ship’s Derin, Lawrence, Christine, or Rene are the one for you? Let us know and you can win a Gift Certificate to enjoy on your next visit to see them! We will also award the top servers a little something:) Thanks for participating!, A complete lobster meal for lunch with soup and fries today for $8.99 at all three locations until 3 p.m. After 3 Lobster Dinner with soup and fries is just $11.99. Lobster Special available at all three locations today, Thursday, only., FACEBOOK FRIDAY... (yes, we know it's Saturday) All facbook friends can enter to win a Gift Certificate to your favorite restaurants - the Mount Vernon, by answering the following question. A winner will be selected Monday. This week's money question... "With lobster prices on the rise, what type of special would you like to see at the Mount Vernon?" Good luck!, Mount Vernon Restaurants offers a real “Lobstah Pahhhty!” Mount Vernon is offering an $11.99 lobster dinner today with fries & soup or salad at all three locations after 4 p.m., Enjoy your Columbus Day at the Mount Vernon with Twin Lobsters for $14.99.  Gotta go back to work tomorrow and lobster is on the rise, so get 'em while the price is still low.  It's gonna be a long winter:(, FACEBOOK SPECIAL! Mt Vernon has Twin Lobsters Tuesday for $14.99 for FACEBOOK users only. Join us at any restaurant & with the facebook code MTV3, you & your guests can enjoy lobsters for $14.99, regularly priced $19.99. Bring your friends & get lobsters for $14.99. The prices are going up and winter is coming:(  Remember the code MTV3, Twin Lobsters Thursday for $12.99.  "ALOTTA LOBSTER FOR NOT ALOTTA CLAM$", Twin Lobsters are just $9.99 at all three Restaurants today, Thursday for everyone!, One of our VIP E-Mail Customers submitted this pic recently titled, "Attack of the Lobster Special."  Thanks Richard!, The Twin Lobster Special continues Monday, Tuesday, and Wednesday this week.  Call for reservations at your favorite Mount Vernon Restaurant!, Our lobster was on the streets today for the City of Somerville's SomerStreets on Broadway program.  The lobster was taking pictures with families and passing out coupons for our delicious twin boiled lobsters.  Keep your eyes out for our Lobsters as they may be at an event near you..., A customer recently reviewed us on YELP and had the following to say about their experience at the Mount Vernon at the Ship.  Their server Derin is a server and bartender in Lynnfield... "I have to say that our waiter Derin was on point... He was fast, kind and courteous... We were entertaining our daughter for her 4th birthday, and she wanted to eat at "the ship" , and Derin helped us entertain 3 and a 4 yo girls without so much as a sigh...", Did you know that the Mount Vernon at the Ship in Lynnfield now has KENO?  Enjoy cold beverages at the bar and play your favorite Mass Lottery games., A user on MENUISM.com posted this regarding our Sunday Brunch... Went to the Mount Vernon for their Sunday brunch recently. The staff was friendly, the food was yummy and the price was very fair. 
I do have to say that my one favorite discovery that day is that the Mount Vernon seriously serves the best Bloody Mary around. It was mixed to perfection and the giant shrimp garnish was enough to tide me over until I ate the “real” food. Mmm-mmm good!  Thanks for posting cmb_bmc!, Our delicious Twin Boiled Losbters are just $11.99 Friday and Saturday after 9 p.m., An interesting article in the Globe about the lobster industry., Twin Lobsters are just $13.99 Monday and Tuesday at all three Mount Vernon Restaurants., The Mount Vernon has placed ads on local cabs in the Revere area and our catering trucks feature a fresh new image. Find a Yellow Cab with our ad or see on of our catering trucks on the streets and take a picture. Post the picture to facebook and tell us where you saw it and you are entered to win a Mount Vernon Gift Certificate. Catering truck sightings at the Mount Vernon are not eligible. Good Luck!, Twin Lobsters are just $11.99 after 9 p.m. Friday and Saturday night at all three Mount Vernon Restaurants. Join us Friday or Saturday after 9 and see why the Mount Vernon is known as the “Home of the Twin Lobster.” Reservations recommended., RESTAURANT CUSTOMER SURVEY COMMENTS... A bar customer in Revere wrote," I would not eat at the Mount Vernon at the Wharf if it was not excellant four times a week.", RESTAURANT CUSTOMER SURVEY COMMENTS... Another wrote regarding their server David at the Ship, "THE BEST WAITER WE'VE EVER HAD!! - VERY HELPFUL, RESTAURANT CUSTOMER SURVEY COMMENTS... One of our valued customers had this to say during a recent visit, "LAWRENCE IS POLITE, ATTENTIVE AND COURTIOUS. HE IS ALWAYS VERY HAPPY. IT IS A PLEASURE TO SEE HIM. THANKS FOR THE GREAT SERVICE.", DJ Kimba brings the hottest Karaoke show on the North Shore to the Mount Vernon on the Rocks at the Wharf in Revere. Join us and party outside under the stars overlooking the water and sing your favorite songs or just enjoy the weather with friends. The bar is open outside and tables are available., Waiting for the summer weather? Make plans to spend it on the the outdoor patio at the Mount Vernon at the Wharf in Revere and the Mount Vernon on the Rocks, null, Twin Lobster $13.99 Monday and Tuesday., All three restaurants are offering the Lobster and Prime Rib Combo tonight, Wednesday.  A boiled lobster, our slow-cooked prime rib of beef, potato, and vegetable for $14.99, Twin Lobster Sunday, Monday, and Tuesday just $13.99., The Friday Facebook contest has provided several possibilities for naming the Revere patio and bar.  A winner has not been identified yet however, so enteries are still being accepted.  Several of the names already provided are being reviewed. Stay tuned, and keep offering your suggested names for the Mount Vernon at the Wharf outside patio and bar., Twin Lobsters are just $14.99 at all three Mount Vernon Restaurants today, Sunday, April 25th., FACEBOOK FRIDAY. This week’s question will continue until next week. Fans may answer as many times as they desire. Suggestions accepted until Monday, April 26. Good Luck!, Don't forget to make your reservations for "An Evening to Fight Breast Cancer" at the Wharf on Saturday. Email KatelynEHenry@yahoo.com or MtVernonRestaurants@yahoo.com to reserve your table. $25 donation gets you a great buffet of Mt. Vernon favorites, raffles, live music @ 9pm...and all for a great cause!, Congratulations David Riley! You are this week’s FACEBOOK FRIDAY winner and will receive a $40 Gift Certificate to Mount Vernon Restaurants. The will buy a lot of Crab Stuffed Mushrooms for you and your wife.  Please e-mail us your address to receive your gift certificate. Thank you to all that participated. Another question will post this Friday and a winner announced Monday., Somerville hosted a private event in the John Henry Room recently and featured a beautiful Steamship Roast Carving Station.  This item can be made available for private parties in all restaurants or catering events., FACEBOOK FRIDAY QUESTION. Mount Vernon Restaurants sells many appetizers ranging from our handmade Scallops and Bacon, Clams Casino, Oysters Rockefeller, or Crab Stuffed Mushrooms.  We also have pub-style Chicken Wing Dings, Potato Skins, or Mozzarella Sticks.  Which is your favorite Mount Vernon Appetizer and why?, FACEBOOK FRIDAY. Facebook Friday is a way for our friends to win Gift Certificates to Mount Vernon Restaurants. Each Friday we ask a question for you to respond. Every Monday we award a winner. We have already awarded $60 in Gift Certificates. Participants have from Friday to Monday to answer. Good Luck!, Congratulations Theresa McLain! You are this week’s FACEBOOK FRIDAY winner and will receive a $40 Gift Certificate to Mount Vernon Restaurants. Please e-mail us your address to receive your gift certificate. Thank you to all that participated. Another question will post this Friday and a winner announced Monday., Congratulations Gale Mahan!   You are this week’s FACEBOOK FRIDAY winner and will receive a $40 Gift Certificate to Mount Vernon Restaurants. Please e-mail us your address to receive your gift certificate. Thank you to all that participated.  Another question will post this Friday and a winner announced Monday., Prime Rib and Lobster Combo Monday $14.99., Twin Lobsters at the Mount Vernon today after 3 p.m. for $14.99., Congratulations John Houlihan! You are this week’s FACEBOOK FRIDAY winner and will receive a $40 Gift Certificate to Mount Vernon Restaurants. That will get you several Pub Specials with even more ice cold 16 OZ. frosty Bud Lights. Please e-mail us your address to receive your gift certificate.  Thank you to all that participated. Another question will post this Friday and a new winner named Monday., All three Mount Vernon Restaurants will feature an Easter Sunday Brunch featuring Rack of Lamb, Prime Rib, Omeletes to Order, Raw Bar, and many other items.  Some times are already blocked for reservations, so call soon and book your time.      
The Mount Vernon at the Wharf in Revere will feature a buffet all day while Somerville and the Ship in Lynnfield will switch to a limited Dinner Menu., Lobster and Prime Rib Combo available today at all three Mount Vernon Restaurants for $14.99., Mount Vernon Twin Lobsters are $14.99 Sunday after 3 p.m., March 21., FACEBOOK FRIDAY QUESTION…   What Mount Vernon entrée is your favorite and why do you enjoy it so much?  How often do dine at the Mount Vernon just for that entrée?, Facebook Fridays is a way for Mount Vernon Facebook Fans to win Gift Certificates to the Mount Vernon Restaurants. We will post a question every Friday. Simply respond by selecting the comment link below and answering the question. Questions posted Friday and will remain active until Monday.  Fans may answer Friday, Saturday, or Sunday. Winner will be announced Monday on Facebook.  Good luck Facebook Fans!, Peter O'Malley performs at the Ship tonight!, The Mount Vernon at the Ship presents Peter O'Malley tonight!  Peter is acclaimed as "a brand new species of one-man show" and is among New England's most successful entertainers. Marrying an Engaging Personality and keen sense of wit with and uncanny repertoire of magic tricks, comedy and song, Peter will entertain., All three restaurants are serving up traditional Corned Beef and Cabbage with Shepherd’s Pie, Pistachio Ice Cream, and Green Beer on the menus as well.  And we are still offering HALF-PRICE Appetizers in the lounge and bar areas too.  Join us and hoist a glass of green beer or a Guinness with half-price appetizers and celebrate -- today, we’re all a little Irish!, Matt Tentindo performs at the Mount Vernon at the Wharf in Revere tonight beginning at 6 p.m.  Join us in the lounge in Revere and hoist a glass of green beer or Guinness and enjoy live music., Fans of the Mount Vernon facebook page can take advantage today, Monday, March 15 of a Twin Lobster Special all day and night.  Twin Lobsters for $14.99 for Mount Vernon facebook fans only.  You must give your server the code – MTV3, prior to ordering to receive the facebook discount.  One code valid for entire table.  Make sure you remember the code --  MTV3., FACEBOOK FRIDAYS coming soon! Upcoming promotions available to facebook users only. Friday, March 19, well unveil our Facebook Fridays. Every Friday we’ll post a new question for our fans to answer. Reply to the post with a comment answering the question and you are automatically entered to win a gift certificate to everybody’s favorite restaurant - The Mount Vernon. Winners announced on facebook every Monday., To see Mount Vernon videos or hear the classic Mount Vernon Jingle, check out our newly-created blog.  It will feature photos and videos of Mount Vernon customers, the latest news and specials, and information for upcoming events., EVERYBODY’S IRISH!!!  In addition to Corned Beef and Cabbage all week, we will feature Red Corned Beef Sandwiches with Swiss Cheese, Mile-High Ruebens, English Fish and Chips, Pistachio Ice Cream, and green beer all week.  Join us anytime during the week beginning Sunday and celebrate Saint Patrick’s Day., Tuesday you can enjoy the freshest lobster while we feature our Lobster Salad Roll for just $11.99 with fries and cole slaw.  This special is available all day and night at all three restaurants., Monday the Lobster and Prime Rib Combo is back for $14.99 all day and night.  A boiled losbter with drawn butter adn a cut of our slow-roasted prime rib of beef served au jus with potato and vegetable make the Mount Vernon the place to be on Monday., Sunday we are featuring our Twin Lobster Special for $14.99.  Bring your friends and enjoy the best price for lobster around after 3 p.m., Kid's eat free tonight at all three Mount Vernons., Mount Vernon fans have been enjoying the jingle for many years and it is known that listeners on the radio have heard it as far as Chicago and North Carolina.  We've added a few pics to enjoy while "jamming" with the jingle.   
Thanks to our bartender Justin Pittman for helping to create., This commercial aired in 2004 and 2005 after the Mount Vernon at the Wharf opened and before the Ship in Lynnfield.  Keep watching for our new commercial., The Mount Vernon will serve corned beef and cabbage all week beginning Sunday. The dinner will feature our corned beef and boiled cabbage, turnips, potatoes, and carrots served with Irish bread and mustard. We will also serve Sheppard's Pie and our bartenders will pour ice cold green beer all week.  Do you have any ideas on how you would like to celebrate Saint Patrick's Day Week with the Mount Vernon?, Celebrate APPY HOUR! Join us in any one of our lounges on Mon thru Thurs, 3-7pm for Half Priced APPYtizers, Don't forget that Giving Tree gifts are due today -- drop off your toys and other goodies to any Mt. Vernon Restaurant. If you didn't take a tag but still want to donate, we're also accepting non-perishable food items, educational toys for ages 5-15, and gift cards to local grocery stores. All donations benefit Respond, Inc of Somerville and Girls, Inc of Lynn. Thanks!!, Coming Soon: the annual Mount Vernon Giving Tree to support those in need in our local communities this holiday season. Details to follow...., Get the gift card 411 from WCVB! This gift card expert knows where to eat (we <3 his shiny Vernon gift card...and that our gift cards have no extra costs, hidden fees or expiration dates!), Did you have a great experience at your favorite Mt. Vernon locations lately? Be sure to give us your review -- here, on Yelp! or in an email to mtvernonrestaurants@yahoo.com, null, Was featured among the Phantom Gourmet's 5 Favorite Restaurants for Fall, We're celebrating $9.99 Prime Rib day at all three Mount Vernon Restaurants today!, Greg Hill, Host of the Hill-Man morning show on WAAF went to the Wharf for lunch, loved it and has been talking about it this morning...stream it live online: http://www.waaf.com/, This weekend is one your last chances this summer to eat, drink & relax on our waterfront patio in Revere! The weather is going to be beautiful this Labor Day weekend so come out and enjoy it!, Check out what the The Daily Item of Lynn has to say about Mount Vernon at the Ship!, You can now make reservations by email! Send your name, date/time you'd like to come in, which location and the number in your party to mtvernonrestaurants@yahoo.com at least 24 hours in advance and you'll receive confirmation by email., Somerville PUB Special: 16oz domestic draft beer, roast beef sandwich or a cheeseburger, and choice of fries or onion rings for just $7.99. And yep, its available all day, every day!, Thanks to everyone who came out last night to celebrate the opening of Mt. Vernon at the Ship!, Please join us tonight from 6-9pm at Mt. Vernon at the Ship (24 Broadway, Rt 1 S, Lynnfield) for our pre-opening celebration for friends and family! Cocktails and appetizers will be served. Hope to see everyone then!, Want to be invited to Mt. Vernon at the Ship's special pre-opening? Be sure to sign up for our email club at www.mtvernonrestaurants.com, We're putting together the menu for our new Lynnfield location. Which Mt. Vernon favorites, or new items, should we be sure to include?, null, Yes, the rumors are true: the Mt. Vernon is opening in Lynnfield next month!, Check out our latest great 5 star review on Yelp! "This is a place to go with your family, buddy, or loved ones to just enjoy good food at a reasonable price without feeling rushed." Thanks, Dennis L. of Wellesley!, Twin Boiled, Twin Baked, or 1 of each?, $10.99 Twin Lobsters are back, today thru Wednesday at both locations!!!  Be sure to print and present this page to take advantage of this unbeatable price. Enjoy :), Reminder to all our Somerville patrons: parking meters are now active until 8pm and will begin charging 25 cents per 15 minutes. When dining with us, use the two free parking lots located directly behind the restaurant instead, $10.99 Twin Lobsters TODAY at our SOMERVILLE location only!!  WOW, don't miss this unbelievable one-day-only Lobster deal. Reservations are recommended (617-666-3830) and be sure to say you saw it on Facebook to get this great price!, Join the Mt. Vernon Email Club to receive special discounts, birthday deals, entertainment updates, and more!)