List(Our dreams are small.
One millisecond, one quarter-inch, one breath.
We'll spend a lifetime chasing them.
Because these small things,
Make all the difference
#justdoit, Running will never feel the same.

Find the Nike LunarEpic Flyknit at www.nike.com/lunarepic. #LunarEpic, We don’t need another running shoe.

Coming tomorrow to nike.com/lunarepic. #LunarEpic, null, All aboard! The SNKRS XPRESS has arrived in Toronto to bring the best of Nike Basketball, Jordan Brand and Nike Sportswear. 

Nike.com/snkrsxpress, null, null, Innovation can draw inspiration from any athlete. 

When Matthew Walzer, a teenager with cerebral palsy, wrote a letter outlining the challenges faced by athletes with limited use of their hands, Nike designer Tobie Hatfield came up with the groundbreaking FlyEase design. The technology debuts in the Lebron Soldier VIII for Young Athletes. gonike.me/LeBron_Kids_FLYEASE, null, Roads are closed. School is cancelled. #getouthere

Gear up at Nike.com/getouthere, Van a jugar contra algo más fuerte que ellos mismos.

Van a jugar contra la presión. 

Van a jugar el mejor partido de sus vidas., null, null, All you need to do is run. #justdoit

Nike.com/running, null, Nike Tech Pack presents the Fall '15 Nike Tech Fleece Collection., null, You never know who will be short a guy.

Gear up to get ready at gonike.me/gear_up, Meet TJ. The kid that's better than you on and off the field. 

This is the season to change that: gonike.me/GEARUP  #takeonTJ, Find Your Fast. #nikezoom

Nike.com/Zoom, Doubt.

Five letters. One syllable. A manmade expectation of failure.

But it's only a word. You decide what it means.

#justdoit, null, null, Don’t just dream. #justdoit, null, null, Your favorite sneaker shop, in the palm of your hand. Introducing the Nike SNKRS app. Curate your custom feed, set release reminders and be the first to get the latest drop., null, Neymar Jr. is never one to shy away from the spotlight. He turns every stadium into a stage. He attacks the defense with a style so fluid it’s like water flowing between rocks. But he also shines off the pitch. The Hypervenom Liquid Diamond is inspired by both his brilliant play and bright personality. 

“I think they will stand out because of that bright and energetic feeling you get from these boots. I think they have captured my bold and cheerful nature.” – Neymar Jr., null, null, null, A girl’s best friend. 

Find your flow with the Nike Legendary Lava Tight and the rest of the tights collection from Nike Women., When there can only be one, be it. #justdoit 

Alabama Football Oregon Football Florida State Seminoles Football Ohio State Buckeyes, Your best year is behind you. A better year is in front of you. #nikeplus, More history to be made. 

Alabama Football, Oregon Football, Florida State Seminoles Football and Ohio State Buckeyes will wear Nike Mach Speed uniforms in their quest to win the first ever College Football Playoff. The uniforms feature a fractal diamond-color swoosh, Nike Vapor Knit gloves and Nike Vapor Untouchable cleats. 

Explore the whole Diamond Quest Collection at http://gonike.me/CFP, Since 2004, the Nike Doernbecher Freestyle program has raised nearly $8 million for OHSU's Doernbecher Children's Hospital. 

Meet the six young designers and check out this year's collection: gonike.me/doernbecher, Don’t let long nights stop you from long runs. 

Be seen and stay dry all winter long with the Nike Shield Flash Max Jacket, featuring 360 degrees of reflectivity and breathable, lightweight Storm-FIT 5 water-resistant fabric., Be a pioneer on the pavement. 

We’ve teamed up with Pendleton Woolen Mills, an Oregon original, legendary for their hand-crafted goods, so you can make your original with Pendleton X NIKEiD. Put your own spin on modern classics by choosing from 8 Pendleton fabrics, 10 leathers and a number of color details., Bigger than basketball. #justdoit, null, Just Do It.
#nikewomen, The elements are no longer an excuse. #justdoit

Driven from insights and engineered to the exact specifications of championship athletes in the Nike Sports Research Lab, The Hyperwarm Collection eliminates distractions from the cold, so you can train as long and as hard as you want. Don’t let the weather get in your way., null, null, Be warm. Be Dry. Be Seen.

Legendary meets necessary. Each SneakerBoot is engineered to protect you from the elements while keeping you warm, dry, and visible.

Introducing the 2014 SneakerBoot collection from Nike Sportswear., null, null, When you're expected to have a big night every night, no detail is too small. 

The LEBRON 12, engineered to the exact specifications of LeBron James., Thanks to the nomination from Tiger Woods, our co-founder and Chairman Phil Knight has taken the #ALSIceBucketChallenge.

Join Phil in supporting the fight against ALS here: http://www.alsa.org/donate/

#justdoit, Engineered to the exact specifications of championship athletes. Check out the fall Tech Pack collection here:, Engineered to the exact specifications of championship athletes, Tech Pack brings you lightweight warmth without the weight. 

Exclusively available August 21 at http://nike.com/sportswear:, null, null, They can predict everything but heart. #justdoit, From the course, to the court, to the field, Happy Father's Day., null, Rafa reigns. #justdoit, null, Dear Mom,

Kevin Durant said it best: "You're the real MVP."

#HappyMothersDay, null, Playing it safe isn't playing at all. #riskeverything, null, We are a club for the fearless, for the brilliant.
For the ones who believe that without risk, there is no victory.

We are Nike F.C.

www.nike.com/nikefc, This is where we started. Now, start earning your way here.

Pledge your Nike+ activity for a chance to experience the Pre Classic, and our history, in person. www.gonike.me/Pre, null, Build a dynasty. Then build a bigger trophy case. #justdoit

UConn Women's Basketball, Make history. Then take it with you.

 UConn Huskies, You were made to move. Now move the way you were meant to. #justdoit

The newest members of the Nike Free family have arrived: www.gonike.me/Free, March 26th: #airmax Day. Celebrate the revolution. Show us and show off your freshest pair of Air., 10 years of Nike Free have gone by fast. Here's to the next 10 going by faster. #justdoit

Check out the newest members of the #NikeFree family on www.gonike.me/Free, null, Set the bar, then raise your flag. #justdoit

Sage Kotsenburg: 2014 Team USA Slopestyle Snowboarding Gold Medalist, null, Woven for wherever you want to go. www.nike.com/flyknit, Kobe Bryant, Ashton Eaton, Richard Sherman, Allyson Felix, and Mo Farah push it in Nike Flyknit. Learn more about the lighter and stronger Nike Flyknit Lunar2, the Kobe 9 Elite, and the rest of the Flyknit family at www.nike.com/flyknit., Better than last year starts by being better than yesterday. #justdoit, null, You gained an hour. That doesn't mean you have to spend it sleeping. 

What are you doing with it? #justdoit, Sometimes a team inspires a city.
Sometimes a city inspires a team.
#justdoit, null, Signed. Sealed. To be delivered., If you come up short, come back stronger. #justdoit, Nike Tech Pack. Uniquely crafted for warmth without weight. Engineered to the exact specifications of championship athletes.

Check out the entire Nike Tech Pack collection in our online shop: http://swoo.sh/17lykb4

#techpack, If you can get up at 7, get up at 6:30. Get up at 6. 5:30. 5. Train while they sleep. #justdoit, What are you doing today to beat yesterday?
#justdoit, #justdoit, Looks good. Fits better. 
http://nike.com/freeflyknit, Fit in. Stand out.

The revolutionary #FreeFlyknit features a second-skin fit that holds you down so you can fly. 
Get yours: www.gonike.me/6017ZSg5, Introducing the Nike #FreeFlyknit. Designed for super natural performance with revolutionary second-skin fit.

http://swoo.sh/freeflyknit, Innovation is the antidote to limits. 

Introducing the Nike #FreeFlyknit. Designed for super natural performance with revolutionary second-skin fit., and so it begins..., null, In 2011, artist and lifelong sneaker lover, Matt Stevens created the MAX100, a series of 100 illustrations to celebrate his favorite sneaker, the Air Max 1. Now, Matt interprets the heritage and evolution of the Air Max 1, 90, 95, and 97 to further celebrate the reinvention of these icons. Presenting the #AIRMAX project., Command the clay. 
Leave your legacy. 
Nike Tennis, Legends live forever., A New Breed of Attack has arrived.
http://youtu.be/WYVeAFAZ0ac, null, null, Don't let Flexibility slip away.

http://gonike.me/ToyClaw, The Legend Grows.

Eric Koston is back for seconds in his latest signature shoe from Nike Skateboarding., What would you do with five extra years to live?, Meet Nike Football's Vapor Laser Talon. The first-ever football cleat built using 3D printing. 5.6 ounces of jaw-dropping, "who-is-this-kid" speed.

Welcome to the future of football., null, The world gets a taste of what comes after speed. The Mercurial Vapor IX hits the pitch today. Don’t just be fast. Be Mercurial., Earthquakes shake. Bakers bake. Kobe Bryant shakes and bakes., Nike visible air took its first steps in 1987, and Air Max never looked back. The evolution of the revolution continues with Engineered Mesh., Rory, meet Tiger. Tiger, meet Rory., High Tide in Miami., Elevate from AF1 to LF1. An icon reborn in Hyperfuse and Lunarlon. Take Force into the future., Take Flight in White.

The Oregon White Vapor Uniform was crafted for speed., Nike+ FuelBand tracks your all-day activity and helps you do more.

Introducing the Nike+ FuelBand White Ice and Black Ice.

Coming to Nike and Apple stores, and available online in the US, UK and Canada 10.31.12., The true heart of champions.
The power of 1 Billion Strong.
Time to #BleedBlue., Speed suits up on Sunday. Fast is faster., Forget tomorrow. Play for today., Explore 30 years of Air Force 1 with 1thology.
Check out over 1,000 AF1s by year, style, color or material.
Build and share your collection. http://gonike.me/1thology, Inspiration and innovation in 140 or less.
We are live on twitter @nike: www.twitter.com/nike, As Ronaldo plays, his boots take on different looks. One side of the CR Mercurial Vapor Superfly III has highly visible Swoosh, with bold contemporary striping representing his fierce speed. The other side is more subtle, with fine pinstripes and a faint “7” on a plain background.

Stay in the spotlight with the full CR7 Collection: http://gonike.me/CRcollection, Stay in the spotlight with the full CR7 Collection: http://gonike.me/CRcollection, Stay in the spotlight with the full CR7 Collection: http://gonike.me/CRcollection, One side of the CR Mercurial Vapor Superfly III has highly visible Swoosh, with bold contemporary striping representing his fierce speed., The other side of the CR Mercurial Vapor Superfly III is more subtle, with fine pinstripes and a faint “7” on a plain background., Stay in the spotlight with the full CR7 Collection: http://gonike.me/CRcollection, Stay in the spotlight with the full CR7 Collection: http://gonike.me/CRcollection, Right now, catch the world premiere of the highly anticipated "SB Chronicles, Vol. I" from the Nike Skateboarding team - featuring the recently crowned "Skater of the Year," Grant Taylor! http://gonike.me/SBChronicles

This one-time-only online premiere event gathers viewing parties happening around the world at once to witness the next level of skateboarding, brought by the Nike team. And don't forget to stick around as you can ask questions directly to the team after the premiere.  http://sbchronicles.nikeskateboarding.com/", Kevin Durant never stops. And as one of the game's most versatile performers, it's only fitting that we create a shoe that can withstand the fury that he puts into training on the hardwood.  

Inspired by, and fitted for Kevin Durant, the Nike Zoom KD IV features Hyperfuse construction and a serious support system for quicker, more aggressive play. Signature details, including a lightning bolt outsole traction pattern that represents his team, and “Big Chucky” emblazoned on the heel in tribute to his late childhood mentor and coach, add up to make the KD IV an unstoppable shoe—and a singular baller experience.  

Find the Zoom KD IV on NikeStore now: http://bit.ly/toZ87F, You saw what the Summer Chosen was all about. And at long last, the Nike Snowboarding Winter Chosen video contest is coming in for a landing: http://www.nike.com/chosen

Danny Kass and Scotty Lago challenge you to grab your camera, rally your crew, and submit your best footage for the chance to live like a Nike Pro.

Your creativity, style, and originality bring you that much closer to the opportunity of a lifetime., Kevin Durant demonstrates what it means to truly love the game on the streets of OKC, with a little help from his friends. Regardless of age, time, or place, a baller's unwavering spirit can never be extinguished.

Check out the video below and let us know: How have you proven that #BasketballNeverStops? , A full day of turkey and trimmings already has us itching to get back out there. That’s why we've introduced a collection of running gear designed to defy the elements--and keep you logging miles.
 
The Women's Shield Pack was made to withstand the wettest winter days, with breathable water-resistance and reflective detailing for enhanced visibility.

Check out the Nike Shield Pack Running Shoe Collection and Element Shield Max Jacket on NikeStore: http://bit.ly/snBRbW, The Nike Toki Premium iD changes all the rules. Dress it up. Dress it down. It's all up to you.

With low-top sophistication and high-top comfort, the Toki Premium is the newest offering from Nike Sportswear's head-turning NIKEiD collection.

Custom build the Toki Premium iD at NikeStore now: http://bit.ly/TokiPremiumiD, Zlatan Ibrahimovic was crafted for destruction:

Touting 166 goals as a pro footballer, the Swedish striker lets nothing and no one stand in the way of a win. Dreaded by opponents, and loved by fans, Zlatan Ibrahimovic wears victory on his skin.

With a UEFA Champions League winners' medal on the line, Ibra now goes head-to-head with the team he once called his own. 

Check out Ibra's Nike Sportswear Bespoke Destroyer jacket, inspired by his own iconic tattoos., From high school, to college, to the pros, the game gets faster—at every level. With the Nike SPARQ Vapor Strobe, you can train smarter and slow…the...game…down.

Watch here as Team Nike receiver Greg Jennings uses the Nike SPARQ Vapor Strobes to take his game to the next level: http://bit.ly/tRxPrx

Check them out now at at NikeStore: http://bit.ly/rFkIIp, In this Nike Snowboarding tribute to the iconic "Bo Knows" campaign, Danny Kass tries his hand at baseball, football, basketball and hockey (with a cameo by Snowboarder Magazine editor, Pat Bridges). 

Simply put, Kass should stick to what he does best: killing it on a snowboard., Congratulations on #903, Coach K!

Instead of taking credit for his own successes, Mike "Coach K" Krzyzewski focuses on the support he received from the very man whose record he just broke, his mentor, Bob Knight. For the lessons taught and players coached, for the 903 victories and counting, we salute you, Coach K. 

Click the link to hear from the record-breaking man himself. #BasketbalNeverStops, Just in time for the start of the NCAA season, we're proud to bring you the release of the LeBron 9 University Pack. 

The LeBron 9 "Ohio State" was made exclusively for the Ohio State basketball team and combines Flywire technology with Hyperfuse construction. With advanced support and superior impact protection, be prepared to cut sharper and accelerate faster—like never before.

Find the Lebron 9 "Ohio State" at NikeStore now: http://bit.ly/uSJRMS, Relentless in the gym. Champion in the ring. Manny Pacquiao reigns supreme., In 2003, Paula Radcliffe set the women's world record in the marathon by running a blistering time of 2:15:25. The decision to retroactively revoke her achievement because she ran with men has been overturned, and her record will now remain intact.

Thanks to your voice, history stands. 

http://gonike.me/6036R5KQ, In the summer of 2010, Nike and USA Basketball presented the inaugural World Basketball Festival in NYC. In honor of this event, Nike teamed up with the Smithsonian's Cooper-Hewitt National Design Museum and the teen education and empowerment program "Make Something" for a series of design workshops.

Today, we present the Nike Hyperdunk Country Collection, a series of
shoes proudly inspired by designs submitted by teens from these sessions.

Check out the collection now at Nike Store: http://bit.ly/rx27Av, Now's your chance to get a sneak peek of what Nike Skateboarding riders Youness Amrani, Chet Childress, Clark Hassler, Stefan Janoski, Lewis Marnell, Daniel Shimizu, Grant Taylor, and Wieger Van Wageningen have been hard at work on for the past two years. The official trailer for "The SB Chronicles, Vol. I," the first in a series of three new feature-length video projects, is live.

Click here (http://gonike.me/SBChroniclesFB) to see the trailer, and RSVP at http://gonike.me/SBChroniclesRSVP to be part of the interactive world-wide premiere on December 3rd at 7PM EST!, Today, Nike Skateboarding's own Paul Rodriguez will be honored by the Stoked Mentoring program, a non-profit that uses action sports to teach life skills to young people living in New York and California. Paul has proven himself as a dedicated role model and advocate of the program, a remarkable achievement that we are proud to stand behind. 

It just goes to show that as much as we get out of sport, its real reward can come from what we give back.

Learn more about Stoked and chime in: What motivates you to make a difference?, "No matter if it's just working out by yourself, or playing pickup, the game never stops--no matter what you're doing." -Kevin Durant

The stars of our "Basketball Never Stops" spot sat down with us to explain how they live, breathe, and dream the game.

Watch our exclusive video, and let us know what "Basketball Never Stops" means to you., The biggest stage. The final game. Where one strike can make you a star.

For Alex Morgan, life will never be the same after her perfect strike.

Watch Alex break down her goal and add yours on Nike Soccer's T90 Strike Counter: http://gonike.me/T90StrikeCounter , When life hands you lemons, make lemonade – or in the case of Mackenzie, Daniel, Isaiah, Dacia, Warang and Anthony, make a shoe. 

With the help of the Doernbecher Children's Hospital and Nike, these six Freestyle designers have used the considerable challenges they’ve faced as inspiration to create a very special footwear collection.

Launching in every Nike brand experience store and online this Saturday, November 5, 2011., This is a film about Alice. Alice never stops running.

(And no, we’re not embellishing. She. Never. Stops. Running. Watch and see what we mean.) 

Think you can keep up? When's the last time you hit the ground and kept going?, No matter the time—day or night—players like LeBron James know hard work and dedication are what the game's built on.

And when you live for the game, #BasketballNeverStops. 

Do you live to hoop?, From Harlem to China, LeBron to Coach K, high schoolers to H.OR.S.E. players..."Basketball Never Stops" celebrates all athletes' unrelenting passion and dedication to the game. 

Check out the Nike Basketball hub and prove #BasketballNeverStops for you: http://on.fb.me/BNSHUB, Over 26,000 booming volleys, crucial tap-ins and heroic last-minute winners have been added to the Nike Soccer T90 Strike Counter. Recreate your moment of glory and tell us what made it the Perfect Strike. 

Show the world your deadly finishing skills. Add your goal to the T90 Strike Counter: http://gonike.me/T90StrikeCounter, A fusion of the best elements that Nike Basketball has to offer, the LEBRON 9 is unlike anything you have experienced.

Lock down. Lift off. Revolutionize your game. , Even at 6'9", it's never too late to get in touch with your inner kid on the court. 

Kevin Durant visited the Boys & Girls Clubs of Oklahoma County yesterday to talk about his summer and the unreleased KD IV. 

We hooked him up with the limited edition Nerf-inspired colorway to rock in the game in OKC tonight. 

Check out the KD IV and tell us what you think., Today, 22,500 fierce women lined up in San Francisco for the Nike Women's Marathon. In eight years, the Nike Women's Marathon has helped to raise over $118 million for the Leukemia and Lymphoma Society and outrun disease. Crossing the finish line has never felt so good.

What inspires you to hit the road and keep pushing forward?, It’s LIVESTRONG Day, a day when we pledge our support to the global fight against cancer. We wear yellow with pride and we hope you'll join us. But why stop there? Check out the *new* Team LIVESTRONG feature on the Nike BOOM app, where you can raise money to support people who are battling cancer. 

Download Nike BOOM to get started: bit.ly/hqt8KE

Together we can defeat this disease. , You can change the rules, but you can't change history.

In 2003, Paula Radcliffe ran the marathon in a world record time of 2:15:25. Now there is a rule which retroactively plans to strip her of her world record because she ran with men. http://sports.espn.go.com/espn/wire?section=trackandfield&id=7009372  

We think that’s a bit…well…ridiculous. Think Paula’s record should still stand? TAG YOURSELF in this photo to spread the word that #HISTORYSTANDS., The final Nike MAG live auction took place yesterday in Tokyo and raised just over $33,000! 

Thank you to everyone who helped The Michael J. Fox Foundation for Parkinson's Research on their quest to eliminate Parkinson's., SERIOUSLY
Live auction event, New York City, Sept. 17

Chris Hornbecker Photography, FOOTWEAR
Live auction event, New York City, Sept. 17

Chris Hornbecker Photography, null, Chris Hornbecker Photography, Chris Hornbecker Photography, Tinker Hatfield and Tiffany Beers show off the details of the 2011 Nike MAG., Nike MAG 21 Mercer event, Nike MAG 21 Mercer event, Nike MAG lapel pin, Nike MAG lapel pin and ceramic replica, null, null, Print, This summer, Nike 6.0's Chosen crew video contest was a serious highlight. Thousands from surf, skate and BMX put their skill and creativity center stage for a shot at glory. After 2 rounds of voting, 28 Nike athletes picked FUS-Crew from Germany as the winner.

Watch to see how the action unfolded and let us know: What's your sport triumph of the summer?

(And if snow's more your thing, we've got you covered. Stay tuned for the winter Chosen later this fall.), Saturdays in September. You know what that means. College football is back. One more day., Having already conquered her first round matches on the NYC courts,
tennis powerhouse Serena Williams proves she's "ready to go all the way"
to victory (We'll cheer to that!).

In the meantime, we've got you covered with exclusive video footage from the NIKETOWN New York Kickoff. Check out the Nike Tennis team's exclusive sit down with Serena Williams.

Watch it now., Oscar Pistorius just made history at the 2011 IAAF Track & Field World Championships, when he became the 1st double amputee to race against able-bodied sprinters. When Oscar loads up in the blocks, it's not his time for dreaming; It's the time when he makes things happen.

Head over to Nike Running now for more inspiration from the 2011 IAAF Track & Field World Championships., Despite serious threats from Mother Nature, NYC is 'serving' up
some impressive tennis on the courts: Maria Sharapova vies for her second claim at the crown, as Roger Federer prepares to take back the title he earned 5 consecutive times, the last in 2008. No matter the obstacle, they will not back down.

Get the latest updates on your favorite players at Nike Tennis., The votes were tallied and without further delay, we'd like to send out a huge congrats to the "FUS" crew from Germany who is our Nike Chosen winning crew. After 9 long weeks, the final decision was down to a panel of 28 Nike Athletes to decide the winner.  

The summer contest is now over, but get your footage ready and get your snow/ski crew together for the Nike Chosen winter contest which will begin in October., As part of Nike Soccer's Inside Edge, Manchester United was recently put to the test in an intensive all around training session.  

Follow pre-season training with the World's top clubs. Take Every Advantage. http://go.nike.com/Inside_Edge, The Toughest Losses Make The Strongest Teams.
Pressure Makes Us., Pressure Makes Us., Greatness never comes easy, it takes time -- the time to learn, have fun, and commit. Nike 6.0 surfer Carissa Moore has clearly made the most of her time becoming the youngest World Champion surfing has ever seen. Watch the video and congratulate Carissa with a comment. JUST DO IT., Champion., Rafael Nadal takes his sixth in Paris., Manny Pacquiao will be back in action this Saturday.  He's just going to be doing his job in the gym, trying to make people happy. BOOM. For the People., #TheBlakeShow: 1845 points, 989 boards, 214 dunks, 63 double-doubles. 

Congrats to Blake Griffin, your NBA 2010-11 Rookie of the Year. #EPIC, Nike Cricket - After 28 years, the cricket title returns to India - Bleed Blue!, Your old PR is a thing of the past.  Destroy Yesterday., 75,000 players. 41 countries. The opportunity to earn a 12-month contract with the Nike Soccer Academy. 

After the hope and heartbreak, the pain and commitment, for eight young athletes, The Chance was about excelling when it mattered most., Greatness isn’t a birth right.  It’s earned.   Julian Wilson Surf knows this.  And as he gets set to make his World Tour debut, he also knows the next chapter in his journey there begins now.  How great will he become? , > Nike Football - “It’s finally here.  #1 vs. #2 for the BCS Championship.  Yesterday’s Fast is Today’s Slow.  Will the Oregon Ducks win their first national championship?”, Allyson Felix is making herself Proud. Julia Mancuso is making herself Shine. Sofia Boutella is making herself Hot. Watch them show you how they do it. What are you doing to Make Yourself? Tell us: http://go.nike.com/1jacdse, 56 years built to one, Giant opportunity.  When you get your chance…go big., Basketball greats - past and present - celebrate Kobe Bryant's quest for a fifth championship ring.)