List(TODAY'S BATTLE OF THE NETWORK JARS:
The DIANOGA, cyclopian garbage dweller in the Death Star Trash Compactor VS  a MYNOCK, winged parasite feeding on the power cables of the Millennium Falcon.  
Come in, cast your vote and get something to stuff down your OWN battle station garbage chute., We are now taking orders for Thanksgiving!
You can order online at www.petsipies.com or come down to the shop and place your order in person!
Deadline is November 20th - don't wait!, Dearest East cambrigeians, customers, friends and visitiors. It is with a bittersweet heart that I announce that I am leaving you. It has been an absolute pleasure to work here at Petsi Pies East over the past 17 months. 

We have shared joy and happiness, grievences and sorrows. I have met some of you only once and others I see almost every day. I will dearly miss each and every one of you. 

Onward to new adventures!! 

All my love to you,
Jewel, NEW SOUP!!! 

"Beautiful Soup so rich So green,
Waiting in a hot tureen
Who for such dainties would not stoop.

Soup of the evening 
Beautiful Soup, 
Soup of the evening,
Beautiful Soup" 

In homage to this wonderful ode to soup, our new soup is GREEEEEEEEEEN 
Green gazpacho. With tomatillos, cucumbers, zucchini and fresh herbs. Come escape the hot humid weather with a bowl of BEAUTIFUL SOUP!, WE HAVE  BEAUTIFUL, SHINY, BRIGHT, BIG NEW SIGN!!!!!! 
:), Have you seen the new musical 'Waitress'???????
Besides being a fantastic show, "poignant and uplifting, celebrating friendship, motherhood, and the courage it takes to pluck a long abandoned dream off the shelf," there's also pie available for purchase during the intermission, courtesy of yours truly PETSI PIES!!
The show runs through September 27th., Petsi Pies East is now hiring! 

Do you have customer/food service and/or barista experience? Interested in the runnings of a small café? Want more  pie in your life?

We're hiring for full and part time, kitchen and front of house. We can be quite flexible with scheduling. 

If you or someone you know is interested in working at a small café in East Cambridge, Petsi Pies is the place to be!!

Drop off your resume and/or come in and ask for Jewel for more details., NEW ITEM!!! 

VEGAN cinnamon and brown sugar cookies!! 

Come and get'um. 

:), Welcome ASH!! The new featured artist at Petsi Pies East! Come on down and see her amazing snapshots of Cambridge and the surrounding area. 

See more of her work here: 
www.burnashburn.com 
And follow her on Instagram @burnashburn, What's that you say? No plans for what is surely going to be a beautiful Thursday evening?? 

I've got some plans for you! Come on down to the East Cambridge Savings Bank for a FREE outdoor movie! 

Hope to see you there! :D, I know how much everyone enjoys voting for each days tip jar wars! Well now YOU can have a hand in the options every day. 
Submit your tip jar ideas and when we have collected enough, every day we will randomly select two items to battle it out for the best idea!!, Brand spanking new egg sandwich special!!!!! 

FRESH BASIL
TOMATOES
ONIONS
SMOKED GOUDA!!!!, New egg sandwich!!!! 
The Athena: with spinach, tomatoes, caramelized onions, sweet peppers and feta cheese!!, What a lovely Sunday for a walk along the Charles, a day at the beach, a BBQ on the porch, AND A SLICE OF PIE FROM PETSI PIES!!! 

Don't forget to vote for your favorite Cambridge businesses (nudge, nudge, ;) ;) ) in the Scout's Honored awards! 

http://scoutcambridge.com/vote/, PETSI PIES IS NOMINATED BEST 'SWEET TOOTH SATISFIER' IN CAMBRIDGE!!!!!!

Now, the time has come for the top finalists in each category to duke it out for the title of Scout’s Honored—and all of the bragging rights that come with it. Vote for PETSI PIES one last time to ensure that credit goes where credit’s due!!!!!!, Happy Fourth of July Weekend!!!! 
Eat some pie!
Watch some fireworks!
Light some sparklers!
Enjoy your day!

We will be closed on the fourth., Are you in a sweet pie state of mind?? 

Today we have Blueberry, Apple Crumb, Classic Apple, Mississippi Mud, Chocolate Bourbon Pecan, Cherry, Strawberry Rhubarb Crumb and Classic Strawberry Rhubarb!!!!
Wowza!!

Come get a slice (or even take home a whole pie!!!), The beautiful flowers outside the shop are now blooming!!!!!, What are you doing on this gorgeous Saturday afternoon? 
The #DanceForWorldCommunity Festival is rocking out in Cambridge, on Mass Ave, between Central and Harvard. 
Come watch the dances......AND EAT PIE! :), We have new artwork!!!!! Come by and check out the beautiful paintings by Mark Kertzman. 

See more of his artwork here:
http://www.zhibit.org/mark_kertzman/yoga, Last chance to vote for your favorite establishments in Cambridge!! 

Support your local businesses! VOTE! 

http://scoutcambridge.com/vote/, Vote for your favorite #CambMA businesses for the  @ScoutCambridge Honored 2015 awards! Deadline is tomorrow! 

pssst. We think you should vote Petsi Pies East as 'Best Coffee shop/cafe' and 'Best Sweet Tooth Satisfier'.......But we'll leave that decision up to you. :) 

http://scoutcambridge.com/vote/, Have you voted for the best yoga studio? Best bike shop? Best bookstore? Best art gallery? Best food truck? Best bar? 

Support your local businesses and VOTE for the 2015 SCOUTS HONORED AWARDS! 

Vote Petsi Pies East as Best Coffee Shop/Cafe AND Best Sweet Tooth Satisfier AND Best Breakfast AND Best Brunch! 

Only two more days left to vote!

Vote here:
http://scoutcambridge.com/vote/, Blueberry oatmeal scones! Vanilla bean loaf! Almond brioche! Chocolate banana cream pie!, Hello friends!!! The Petsi Pies library could use your help! I have heard many of you mentioning that you have books to bring in and contribute to the library. Well now is the time to do it!!! 
Bring your books in today!, Only four more days to vote for this year Scouts Honored Awards! 

Vote Petsi Pies East as best 'cafe/coffeeshop' AND 'best sweet tooth satisfier'

Vote here:
http://scoutcambridge.com/vote/, Lemon Rhubarb Tea Cake! Key Lime Pie! Almond Brioche! Strawberry Oatmeal Scones!!, We will be open on Monday!! 
Memorial Day Hours: 8am-3pm, How much do you love Petsi Pies East?? 
Vote for us as best 'cafe/coffee shop' AND best 'sweet tooth satisfier' in this years Scouts Honored!!! It only takes 25 nominations in either category to move on to the finalist stage!!  

Cast your vote here:
http://scoutcambridge.com/vote

Be sure to specify Petsi Pies EAST when you vote. :D, Rice crispy squares! Lemon blueberry cornmeal teacake, Vanilla bean loaf, Tres leches cupcakes! Oh My!!, The final night of Tex-Mex is here!!! This is your last chance to taste some of the best brisket, tamales and sliders North of Texas!! :), We now have ICED GREEN TEA!! So refreshing! :), Tex Mex Eats is featured in the Boston Globe!! Come down on Monday the 18th to savor their delicious tamales, brisket, sliders and more!!!! This is the LAST MONDAY that they will be at Petsi Pies East, so if you've been putting it off, put it off no longer!!!! You really have been missing out. ;), What does warm weather call for? 

A nice refreshing bowl of CHILLED SOUP! 
Come in today and try either the Gazpacho, or the Creamy Carrot and Honey!!!, TEX-MEX NIGHT!!!!!! 
We'll be here till 8 or 9pm....or whenever the food runs out. 
Come get your tamales and sliders and brisket!, CUTIE PIES!!! 

They're like regular pie...but CUTER! 
We have Strawberry Rhubarb and Blueberry today! YumYumYum!, TEX-MEX INVASION!!! HOT TAMALE! On now. We run until the food runs out. Come get it while its hot!, It's Monday Night!! 

Tamales!!! and Brisket!!! and Sliders!!!!
OH MY!!!!

Cone enjoy the flavours of Tex-Mex Eats from 5pm-9pm this evening!!, ARE YOU READY FOR TAMALES!!!

And brisket and BBQ sliders and pie!!!! Food's on from 5pm-9pm. Come on down and join the party!, Overheard at Petsi Pies:
"Canadian geese should be dead. You've seen their attitudes.", Petsi Pies East is featured in Eater Boston!!!!! 
The first Tamale pop-up Monday is only 5 days away!! So exciting!, GET EXCITED FOR THIS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Tex-Mex East and Petsi Pies are teaming up to off FOUR NIGHTS of TAMALES, BBQ SLIDERS, BBQ BRISKET and PIE!! 
The first one is this coming Monday! It's gonna be AWESOME!!, The best part about making whipped cream: licking the beaters!!!!! When was the last time you licked beaters covered in freshly made whipped cream??, PETSI HAS ARTWORK!!!!!!!! 
We will be showcasing the fabulous artwork of Juan DelMoral for the next four weeks. Come by and take a look!!, You must try Petsi pies before you die!! According to Buzzfeed. I think you should try it anyway, cuz it's really good and all! :), Rain, rain, go away. 
Come again........ Actually, go rain in California, they need it more than we do. 

In the meantime, stop by the shop for tasty treat on your way to work. :), We WILL be open on Easter Sunday! Regular hours: 8am-3pm., Finally!! Real spring weather!!

Egg sandwich special:
Presto! With sweet red peppers, pesto and goat cheese 

Soup of the Day: Vegetable Chowder, Everyone should eat more Strawberry Rhubarb Pie!!!, WE NOW HAVE WHIPPED CREAM!!!!!!! 

Add it to a slice of sweet pie!
Add it to a cup of steaming hot chocolate!
Add it to a cup of coffee! 
Eat it by the spoonful! 
Delight in the wonder of light, delicious, slightly sweetened WHIPPED CREAM!!!!!
Add a generous dollop of whipped cream to any slice of pie!, In celebration of the arrival of SPRING, we now have GINGER LEMON ICED TEA!!!, And now you can place your Easter Orders ONLINE!!!, New Soup Today! 

Cream of Broccoli and Cauliflower!, EASTER ORDERING IS ON!

http://petsipies.com/2015/03/21/easter-2015-april-5th/, STRAWBERRY RHUBARB PIE IS BACK!!

It comes with an oat crumb topping or with a classic pastry topping. Come in and have a slice today. :), New egg sandwich special board!!, As hard as it is to believe, what with the newly fallen snow and plummeting temperature, yesterday was the first day of SPRING! 
In honour of the new season, we are now making our SPRING PIES! 
Strawberry rhubarb with an oat crumb topping or a classic pastry topping!  
Tomato, asparagus and smoked mozzarella! 
Our Spring savory pie: tomato, asparagus and smoked mozzarella., We have bread pudding this morning and it looks divine!!!, New Pie!!!!
Elvis: Bourbon chocolate, banana and peanut butter frosting!!!!!, Good luck to everyone running in today's Craicfest 5K!! 
If you're looking for a place to refuel after the run, Petsi Pies is the place to go!, HAPPY PIE DAY!!!!  

If you want to participate in the Pie Day Challenge, head over to the bakery at 285 Beacon St. in Somerville.  You can win a cutie pie if you recite the first 10 digits of pie!! 

There's no competition at East, but you are strongly encouraged to come have a slice of pie in celebration of this glorious π Day!!, Good bye to winter and snowflakes! 
HELLO SPRING!!! 
Check out the wonderful art on our windows! Made by the fabulous #mandeemade, Mountain of Broccoli, prepare to meet your fate. You will be joined with cheddar cheese and behold! 
BROCCOLI CHEDDAR CHEESE!!, It's sunny, with a high of FORTY-FIVE!!!!! Yeah spring!!!!!!!, Cupcakes! Cupcakes!! Come and get your cupcakes!! These delectable creatures are Tres Leches- a vanilla cupcake soaked in evaporated milk and topped with caramel frosting. Mmmmmmm, Are you feeling groggy this morning? Missing out on that lost hour of sleep last night? 
Come wake up with an egg sandwich and coffee at Petsi East! 

Egg Sandwich Special: PENELOPE- with sun dried tomatoes, basil and goat cheese 

Or stop by later for lunch!

Soup of the Day: Tomato and Basil, I just realized that Petsi Pies East has been in East Cambridge for OVER A YEAR!!! I can't believe that! We've surely come a long way from the small 5 table cafe at 441 Cambridge St. eh? 
Thank you to everyone who has welcomed us into the neighborhood and become part of our family.  I'm looking forward to another fantastic year in this little corner of Cambridge!, New day. New month. New snowfall predicted. 

AND

NEW EGG SANDWICH!! With chorizo, caramelized onions and chipotle mayo!!! 
NEW SOUP!!!!!! Kale and white bean with tomatoes and potatoes!!!!!, 'Oh what a beautiful morning,
Oh what a beautiful day,
I've got a wonderful feeling,
Everyone's coming to Petsi Pies!!!', Today's tip jar poll: 
Have you noticed it's been a tad chilly out recently? Are you thankful that you have a home with four walls, heating and clothes/blankets to keep you warm? 
There are many people who don't have this luxury. 
When you tip today, choose to support one of three local shelters. All tips at the end of the day will go to that shelter., Also, WE HAVE KEY LIME PIE TODAY!!! 
NOMNOMNOMNOMNOMNOMNOMNONOM!!!!!!!!!!!, Today's Egg Sandwich Special: 
Pedro- with black bean salsa, avocado and cheddar cheese!!!!, Did you know people have written odes to cupcakes? Its no wonder really, they're delightful, delicious, decadent, devour-able!!!!

Hourly, I talk about my precious cupcakes,
As if talking about my child, my life, my being.
The wrapping is the loving arms of a mother.
The frosting, a cloud layered on top.
But that’s just the outside,
The inside is the heart,
The part that holds all else together!
Without it the cupcake would be nothing,
And nothing would be without the cupcake.
It is the prized possession of every baker,
The most beautiful diamond a jeweler could have,
The silver threads of moonlight used by Athena.
 
People used to call them leftovers.
Now, now it is the main event!
The part that draws others in,
Lets them know what living is!
Everything about cupcakes is perfect.
The process of beating the batter,
Baking them to a golden brown deliciousness,
Molding the frosting to perfection!
Cupcakes should have their own temple!
So that everyone may know of their glory.
They will be worshiped as GODS!
Praised by all,
My precious cupcakes.

This is just one of the many odes to cupcakes! 

Source: http://youngwritersproject.org/node/79980, Thank you Cut.Paste.Love for doing a stellar job writing up our menu board as well as taking these fantastic photos of our new location!, Today's Soup of the Day: Butternut Squash with Leeks and Apples, Good Morning East Cambridge!!!  Look at the plethora of pies and pastries and cupcakes and savory tarts just waiting for you to enjoy them!!, Key lime pie. Undoubtedly one of my favorite pies!! Now that we have a cold case, we can carry this delicious pie. Try a slice (or take the whole pie) today!! :), WE HAVE CUPCAKES!!!!!!!!!!, You asked for it, so we did it. CUPCAKES make their Cambridge Street debut tomorrow!, We have a little like book sharing nook at the shop now!!! Do you have any gently loved books that you've been meaning to 'do something with' for awhile now? Bring them on in to the shop and co tribute to our little library. :), New item!! We're now carrying corn muffins with raspberry jam!! Personally, this is my FAVOURITE muffin. Come on over and check them out. :), What a fantastic 'day after the blizzard' eh? Come celebrate the beautiful sunshine with our daily specials! 
Presto Egg Sandwich: with tomatoes, pesto and feta
Soup of the Day: spicy chorizo and veggie medley, WE ARE OPEN TODAY!! If you get stir crazy inside your house, plow on down to 594 Cambridge St and come say Hi! :), Happy Valentine's Day!!! I hope you get to spend some time with the ones you love today. Be careful who you spend the evening though, you may get snowed in together ;), It may be stormy and all snowy outside, but inside Petsi Pies it's warm and full of tasty pastries!!! 
We are open! If you can brave the weather, come say hi. :), Super Bowl Sunday!!!! 
Pick a pie for the game and cast your vote for 'Super Bowl' vs. 'Super Bowl Commercials!!', NEW SOUP! 
For this cold blustery winter day: Curried Lentil with Sweet Potatoes!!!!!, Happy one week anniversary at 594 Cambridge St!!! Customers sure are making use of the large seating area and we're glad you are. 

In other news: We now have a DARK ROAST COFFEE!! :) Come in from the chilly weather and have a cup with a slice of pie., There was a wee bit of snow!!, How are you spending your snow day? I made new snowflakes for the new shop!! Can't wait to put them up in the windows!!!, The snow has begun!! To ensure the safe travels of our employees as they leave work, WE WILL BE CLOSING AT 3 TODAY. 
You know what is an excellent blizzard comfort food? PIE! Stock up while supplies last. :), In lieu of the impending crippling storm, all Petsi Pies locations will be closed on Tuesday. 
Buckle up! Hunker down! It's going to be a crazy ride! And then build a snowman. Or a snow fort. :), A huge shout out to Jen from Cut, Paste, Love for the AMAZING menu board she did for us!!
Check out her other work at http://cutpastelove.homestead.com/index.html, Do you want to build a snowman!!?!

And afterwards, come in for a hot cup of chocolate, a bowl of soup, a pastry and a slice of pie! :), Today's Specials:
Presto Egg Sandwich- with pesto, sun-dried tomatoes and feta
Soup: Chicken Corn Chowder, What a fantastic opening day!! We're so excited about our new location and it's encouraging to see customers as excited as we are about the space! 
This is only the start of something fantastically wonderous. :), WE DID IT! We finally moved! Granted it's two months after we expected to, but it IS before Valentine's Day (some people had their suspicions)

Welcome to the New East!!!!!!! (it may not be as exotic as the Far East, but it's considerably more accessible) 

Come by and see the new place today!!, WE'RE OPENING TOMORROW!!!!! 
Come visit our new shop! See the new space! Come say hi!, Move update: if all goes according to plan, 594 Cambridge St. will be up and running on Friday the 23rd!!, HELLO NEW SHOP!! 

We're still working on putting everything in order. We won't be open tomorrow (Tuesday) but fingers crossed we'll be up and running on Wednesday!!, Not to worry though, 594 will be OPEN FOR COFFEE on Monday. Never fear, you can still get your cup'o'joe on the way to work, just head to 594, not 441!!, THIS IS IT!! TODAY'S THE DAY! WE'RE FINALLY MOVING!! 

Next time you come to visit Petsi Pies East, head to 594 Cambridge St!!!, Get you daily dose of carotene with today's Carrot Ginger Soup!!, Presto! Presto! We have pesto! 

Have it on an egg sandwich with sundried tomatoes and feta!
Have it on a lunch sandwich with sundired tomatoes, feta, mixed greens and turkey or hummus!

(Or secretly eat it by the spoonful because it's SO DELICIOUS!), Soup, soup, soup! Lovely, red, fragrant, creamy, delicious TOMATO SOUP!! 

Did I mention we have tomato soup on the menu today?, Today's Egg Sandwich Special
The Morray: chorizo, roasted red peppers, onions and chipotle mayo. 

Soup of the Day: Split Pea with Veggies!!, Have you made a New Years Resolution yet? I have a suggestion:
Eat More Pie!!! :D 
Happy 2015!, SNOWSNOWSNOWSNOWSNOWSNOWSNOWSNOWSNOWSNOWSNOWSNOWSNOWSNOWSNOW!!!!!, NEW SOUP!! 

Curried butternut squash with coconut milk! Come warm up with a bowl of soup and a cup of coffee. Maybe even a treat for dessert. :), Its December 27th, and our doors are open to let in the beautiful warm sunshine. I'm not sure where this gorgeous weather came from, but it's fantastic!! I hope you're out and about and soaking it in. :), Have a wonderful holiday everyone! Eat, drink and be merry! 

 Petsi Pies East will be closed Thursday and Friday. We will reopen on Saturday the 27th at 7am., Oh Christmas Pie, Oh Christmas Pie. How sweet thy crust is!! 

We have pie for retail today! Lots of salted caramel apple and apple pear cranberry as well as MUD, cherry, mixed berry, pumpkin, eggnog custard and savory pie!!!, Mare Egrets Moose one and all!!, Did you forget to order a pie for the holidays? Not to fear, we have a selection of pies available for retail: chocolate peppermint cream, eggnog custard, classic apple, mixed berry, Mississippi mud, apple pear cranberry and savory pies!!, End of the year Piestravaganza!! Online ordering is now available for Christmas Pies! 
https://docs.google.com/forms/d/1G84KWI7yni7v8w4ToBTNNaXZSxERUMCZ388fEniVGAQ/viewform, Our Christmas menu is now finalized and we are happy to announce some of our year-round favorites along-side some holiday specials!
We will be offering all of these pies in a 10″ size which typically serves about 6-8.

Classic Apple
Apple Crumb
Apple Pear Cranberry with a Walnut Crumb topping
Salted Caramel Apple
Chocolate Bourbon Pecan
Mississippi Mud
Chocolate Cream
Brown Butter Pecan
Pumpkin
Cherry Crumb
Mixed Berry

Our Holiday Pies are:

Eggnog Custard
Chocolate Peppermint Cream

We will also be offering hand decorated gingerbread cookies and sugar cookies for order.

We will soon have online ordering available, so please check back for a link

or

You can call the shop to place an order (617) 945-5278

OUR HOURS FOR DECEMBER 23rd-26th

Tuesday, December 23rd (7am-7pm) 
Wednesday, December 24th (7am-3pm)
CLOSED CHRISTMAS DAY and DECEMBER 26th, Let it snow! Let it snow! Let it snow!, New Seasonal Savory Pie: roasted potato and mushroom with Gruyere cheese and rosemary. 
Tasty, tasty, tasty!!, Soup's On! Black Bean
Come by for a bowl and a sweet treat for lunch :), Have you ever been to Russo's in Watertown? We source all of our fresh produce from them so I thought it would be worthwhile to pay them a visit. What a delightful food mecca! It's impossible to leave without a basketful of goodies. :), False alarm! City inspections are taking longer than expected. So no move today. Fingers crossed the inspections are completed this week!!, IT'S MOVING DAY!!
Today is our last day at 441 Cambridge St. Come down and say farewell to the shop. Tomorrow we'll be at 594 Cambridge St., Another successful Thanksgiving!! Safe travels everyone and have a wonderful holiday! 

We will be closed Thursday and Friday (to give us more time to digest all that food :). We'll reopen Saturday at 8am. 

Cheers!, We just received more pie for retail!! Mississippi Mud, Chocolate Bourbon Pecan, Sweet Potato Pecan and Classic Apple., We're ready for Thanksgiving!! 

Ready! Set! Go!!

We do have a few pies available for retail. They're selling fast though., PIEPIEPIEPIEPIEPIEPIEPIEPIEPIEPIEPIEPIEPIEPIEPIE!!!!! 

So much pie for Thanksgiving! 

We WILL have pie available tomorrow and Wednesday (for those of you who forgot to order) :) 
Come early for the best selection., Did you forget to order a pie for Thanksgiving?? Beat the crowds on Tuesday and Wednesday, come down to East TODAY and pick up a pie for your turkey dinner. :), TGIF!! 
10.5 hours left to make your Thanksgiving Pie order! 
Get those orders in. No one wants to be responsible for forgetting the pie at Thanksgiving ;), One week till Thanksgiving!!! Have you been meaning to order your Thanksgiving pies and haven't yet? Well here's a little nudge in that direction ;) 
Order your pies by calling any one of the three Petsi Pie locations. Or online at www.petsipies.com, Lunch Smunch Munch Time!!!
Today is the perfect day for a bowl of Spicy Autumn Tomato Soup and a cup of streaming apple cider!, Have you ordered your pie(s) for Thanksgiving yet?!?!? We're 70% of the way to our maximum number of orders.  
Order yours today here:
https://docs.google.com/forms/d/1puCIVydXV74LAmwtc2lbAY3i1q74oht17o_Y6ta_c1U/viewform?c=0&w=1, Did anyone else see the sliver of a moon on this chilly, chilly morning?, What a beautiful (albeit chilly) Saturday!! I hope your plans this weekend include a visit to Petsi East!!, It's just a cowboy sort of day 
We've got the Cowboy egg sandwich special for breakfast (chorizo, caramelized onions, peppers and hot sauce) 
And when lunch time rolls around there's Cowboy Chowder: chorizo black beans, chickpeas and tomato 
Anyone got a cowboy hat to wear today?, BREAKFAST TIME!!, What a beautiful Monday!!!!!! 
When you decide it's time for lunch, take a stroll on down to the shop. 
Soup of the day: Cheesy Potato Dill
Sandwich Special: The Moon - roasted sweet potato, red pepper jelly, goat cheese and mixed greens on multigrain, Egg special today
La Chèvre Rouge: with roasted red peppers, goat cheese and spinach!! 
Et voilà, Happy Monday! 

Special sandwich: Shanghai Surprise, Are you prepared for Halloween tomorrow!?!?!?! I know I am!
Come to the shop dressed in costume and if you're nice we may give out treats!!, Is it lunch time yet?? 
Soup of the day: Potato Leek
Sandwich Special: Southwest Turkey with roasted red peppers, spinach, cheddar cheese and chipotle mayo on a baguette., What a beautiful Saturday!! Who will we see in the shop today?!, It's FRIDAY! And there's TWO egg specials! 
Holy Smoke with roasted red peppers, bacon and could chipotle cream
Ole with black bean salsa and avocados
Nomnomnomnomnomnom, Have you ever had a sandwich with Pesto AND hummus?? It's delightful! AND it's on our specials today!, Today's Specials: Lil Deluxe BLT-bacon, mixed greens, tomato and chipotle mayo on a brioche roll AND Chicken Barley Soup!!!, Thanksgiving pie order forms are here!!, If you're looking for fall, its been converted into a soup here at Petsi East! Soup of the Day: Veggie Extravaganza! With spinach, tomatoes, celery, potatoes, onions and carrots! (Gluten free, vegan), Nomnomnomnom!! Sandwich special of the day!, Just another Saturday in East Cambridge. Holy smoke egg sandwich. Bookshelf full of pastries. NEW PASTRY: Gingerbread!!!!, CAMBRIDGE SMOKE THIS RIB FEST!!!!! It's a BEAUTIFUL day for a street party. I hope everyone gets a chance to come down to East Cambridge for ribs (and pie)!!, Pumpkin pie, salted caramel apple pie, OH MY! It must be fall in Cambridge., HOLY SMOKE, there's an egg sandwich special!! With roasted red peppers, bacon, chipotle crème and cheese., New Hours!!!!!!! We're open till 7 Monday thru Friday now!, On a cold wet day like this, hot apple cider hits the spot!, Have you seen this bike?  It was outside the shop one minute and gone the next. Last seen Tuesday afternoon around 3:15pm. If you see it, call the shop 617-945-5278, SWEET POTATO PIE IS BACK!!!!, New hot tea flavors!! 

Coming soon: hot apple cider and maple lattes!!!!, It may be gloomy outside, but that makes perfect weather for a bowl of Tomato Basil Soup with Roasted Red Peppers!!, HAPPY FALL!!! 

Celebrate with a bowl of comfort soup. Chorizo and kale medley is on the menu today., 'Double double toil and trouble'

I mean, wouldn't you like to try our Vegetable and Barley soup today?!, Nearing the end of another Thursday at Petsi Pies. Still got a little pie left though. Come and get it., How do YOU eat Blueberry Pie?? Sometimes you have to eat the stripes, not the slices., Fall time is Pie Time!!!! 

Also cat time....., Breakfast special of the day. Come on down for a Sunday brunch!, 'Hold on to summer as long as you can.'
Ginger lemon iced tea with a splash of crimson berry. Enjoy the flavors of summer while the warm weather lasts! 
Come on down, we're open till 7 this evening., Are you hungry for lunch yet? Come on down and try our soup and sandwich special. Soup: vegan tomato. Sandwich: apple, cheddar and caramelized onions on brioche, Cutie pies!! They're like normal pie, but cute! And instead of committing to a whole slice of pie, you can have just a bite...and a half. We have blueberry and apple crumb today!, Everyone wants a slice of pie!, Excellent breakfast options: Pecan Sticky Buns, Yogurt Parfaits (made with Sofia's Greek Yogurt, Granola from Cook's Farm, VT and fresh fruit), and a cup of fresh OJ, Hungry for breakfast? Egg sandwiches are served till 11:30 every day of the week!, null, null, null)