List(Happy Easter everyone! Come in for some early breakfast, but we will be closing at 1pm today!, We have been open for 4 years! Thank you to all the family, friends, and regulars that helped make this happen! We really really appreciate it. Now let's eat some eggs about it., And all is right in the world. Sometimes when a terrible selfish jerk customer steals our salt and pepper shakers another wonderful kind ray of goddess buys us a replacement pair. Thank you again Michelle Dugan!, Closing early today, Sunday the 27th. We all gotta go see Star Wars!!!, Just in time for the holidays! Get your Allston Diner gift certificate here!, We just ate at Patty Chen's dumpling room! So good guys, when we are closed, check them out ! Try everything!, We have tee shirts!!!!!!!, Happy Fall Ya'll! Come in for some pumpkin pancakes, pumpkin muffins, or sweet potato pie! Get here early, they are gonna go fast!, We got rated everybody. Pretty good if you ask us!, Happy Labor Day everybody. Just a little reminder...we close at 2 on holidays. Come get your breakfast, then enjoy the day!, Guess what old school diner fans.... Erin is gonna waitress today. Waitress ghosts of diner past. Come on by and pretend it is old times with us., Hey everybody, Thank you so much to anyone who voted! We only need a few more votes. Please please please help us out.Do it for smoked beef brisket. Do it for chicken and waffles. Do it for gravy. Do it for BBQ sauce. Do it for all the vegans out there that want to eat yummy food too!, https://www.facebook.com/story.php?story_fbid=10202929275192588&id=1824415319&from_close_friend=1  If you love us please help! This would change our lives. You may not know we are a small crew of 10. Getting this grant would result in so many amazing things for us to make so many amazing foods for you. It only takes 30 seconds. Just hit vote! Please please please., Okay Allston, get up early this weekend. We have a few shirts available for a lucky couple of yas. We will have more shirts available very soon. We did not anticipate the desires! Some shirts will be available Saturday and Sunday! They are only 18 bucks. Whaddadeal! To our fans from far away I will ship outta the next order! I promise., Alright people. We got shirts. 18 bucks each. We will start selling them Saturday. And when we run out we will make more!, I am sorry to report we will be closed today, Sunday the 31st because they are working on the power lines. Business as usual on Monday. Sorry for any broken hearts. We hate this news too., Guess what everyone... Erin is coming back for a guest appearance as our hostess today. If you miss her from years ago, then today is the day!, Strawberry Rhubarb Pie. All weekend. Don't be a dummy., Last chance to catch Jen in action this weekend. Come by and drown your sorrows in our delicious food., Sad news to report everyone. Jen is leaving us. Come see us this weekend to say goodbye, and wish her luck in her next step. Drown your sorrows in sausage gravy., Today, come taste the best thing that has ever been tasted!, Two words people: 
BACON GRAVY!!!!, We are open! Closing at noon, come get your blizzard breakfast!, Come be our valentine! Oh and get breakfast too., null, Raspberry-key lime pie this weekend! Don't miss out., Fresh baked banana bread-peanut butter- chocolate chip muffins. Come and get 'em., Love Allston Diner? Get $2 right here, right now from LevelUp. Click here to grab it now: 

(You can even use it to pay for our vegan breakfast options, Ashley Weaver!)

https://www.thelevelup.com/c/2C6TYH, Ditch your wallet and pay with your phone at Allston Diner! Get $2 the first time you pay here with LevelUp: 

https://www.thelevelup.com/c/2C6TYH, Craving Allston Diner? Get $2 off when you pay with your phone. Join LevelUp here: 

https://www.thelevelup.com/c/2C6TYH, Hey folks! Just a reminder/ heads up that we will be closing early at noon on Saturday (tomorrow) and be closed all day Sunday. We will be celebrating the married bliss of two very good friends. Thanks for the patience and see you soon!, Hey Folks! For the month of August, we will be closing at 3pm every day, and opening at 9am on Mondays, mostly due to the fact that it gets really hot in there when we are churning out the good eats! Make sure you come earlier so you don't miss out!, Hey Guys! Thanks for all the support and patronage in our first six months...we are beyond grateful to be able to serve people good food and have a place people can feel welcome. Sorry for the lack of update at this point, but we are going through website changes and all kinda of awesome stuff! In the meantime, stay tuned and tell your friends to come check us out!, Check out the awesome write-up of our spot in this week's Boston Phoenix, and also in this weeks Stuff magazine as well! Thanks for all the support and all of us here hope we can continue to serve you great food!, Vote for us! You can do it once a day at least! We would be forever grateful! , Come beat the weather with a cup of bottomless coffee and some delicious breakfast!, That's right y'all it's time for some breakfast!, Day number two is in the books and we are all gearing up for a big weekend. Hope to see you here!, Opening soon!)