List(End Event (Closing Event) 

Don't forget to submit your minutes for Week 11 by Sunday April 3rd!, Zip Lift has been cancelled due to low registration. The new Weekly Challenge is to attend the End Event (Closing Event) on Friday April 1st, 11:30a-1p. 

See you there!, Welcome to the last week of Z-Fit 2016! Take a look at what is going on this week!

The Weekly Challenge is to attend Zip Lift and complete 1 Zip Lift Event. The events are: bench press, deadlift, push-ups and pull-ups. 
This week's Workshop is "How to Develop a Basic Workout Plan" on April 1st at 11:30a. It will feature using the FITT Principle to tailor your workouts to your goals!
The end event will be Friday April 1st from 11:30a-1p (Includes workshop), Welcome to Week 10 of Z-Fit! Only 2 more weeks to go!

Since it is Spring Break for the University of Akron's campus, we will not have a Weekly Challenge or Workshop this week., Don't forget to attend the Weekly Challenge tonight!

Weekly Challenge: Self-Defense Class @7pm in the SRWC Studios, Welcome to Week 9! We only have 3 weeks left of Z-Fit! 

The Weekly Challenge is: Self-Defense Class, Wednesday March 16th at 7pm in the SRWC Studios, The Additional Event for this Week: Women's Weight Room Orientation, Sunday March 13th, 9a-12p. 

This event is for WOMEN ONLY. Please see poster for more information. Please register at this link: https://akron.qualtrics.com/SE/?SID=SV_a5cLTtDa2vgy17v, Our Weekly Challenge for this Week: Cyclathon, Friday March 11th 3-6pm

This event is being hosted in honor of Women's History Month. There are 3 classes being held at 3 levels from easy to hard., Our Workshop for this Week: Basic Power Lifting on Friday March 11th at 12:45pm on the SRWCFitness Floor

Power Lifting consists of 3 lifts:Squat, Bench Press & Deadlift
*This is a great workshop to attend if you plan to compete at Zip Lift*, Welcome to Week 8 of Z-Fit!

We have both our Weekly Challenge and Workshop this week!
We also have an additional event! More detailed posts to come!, Welcome to Week 7 of Z-Fit!

We don't have any challenges or workshops for this week. 
The objective for this week is to keep pushing past the half-way mark towards your goals!, Reminder! The Resistance Basics Workshop is tomorrow (2/24) at both 12:30pm and 5:15p. Check it out!, Welcome to Week 6! We are officially half way through the program! 

Here's a look at what's going on this week:

The Weekly Challenge is to try out swimming laps in the ONAT pool. Pool hours are on the rec webpage. www.uakron.edu/rec

This week's workshop is Resistance Training Basics in the Blue Court Gym (Court 4) at 12:30p and 5:15p, Reminder to complete the Weekly Challenge!

The Weekly Challenge is to orient yourself with fitness equipment on the SRWC fitness floor. 
1) Find a Fitness Floor Employee
2) Ask them to show you how to use the rower
3) Ask them to show you how to use a piece equipment you have not tried yet, Here's a fun photo from the Z-Fit Opening Event!, Welcome to Week 5! Here's what's happening this week: 

The Weekly Challenge is to orient yourself with fitness equipment on the SRWC fitness floor. 
1) Find a Fitness Floor Employee
2) Ask them to show you how to use the rower
3) Ask them to show you how to use a piece equipment you have not tried yet, Happy Friday! This is what you missed at the bootcamp challenge:
Level 1 is the circled number 1 and level 2 is the circled number 2., A fun photo from the Developing a Basic Meal Plan Workshop! The Nutrition Intern, Sam, used these food models to explain portion sizes., The Weekly Challenge (Z-FIt Bootcamp Class) is today! Come try it out.

Location: Studio B
Time: 12-12:45p, Don't forget the Developing a Basic Meal Plan Workshop is today at 12:30pm and at 5:15pm in the Student Recreation and Wellness Center Classroom!, Welcome to Week 4! Here's what is happening this week:

The Weekly Challenge for this week is a Z-Fit Bootcamp class in SRWC Studio B from 12-12:45p on Thursday February 11th!

There is also a Nutrition Workshop on how to develop a basic meal plan on Wednesday February 10th at both 12:30p and 5:15p.

Hope to see you there!, Welcome to Week 3!
The Weekly Challenge for this week is to try Kayaking or Stand-Up Paddle Boarding in the ONAT on Tuesday 2/2 from 8-10pm. For more information, please visit http://www.uakron.edu/srws/outdoor-adventure-center/open-kayaking.dot, Don't forget about the Weekly Challenge. 

Challenge: Try climbing at the Climbing Wall
Date: Through Sunday January 31st 
Hours: M-TH 1-9p, Friday 1-7p,Saturday CLOSED, Sunday 1-6p
Location: Climbing Wall, The Nutrition Basics Workshop is TODAY! Feel free to bring a friend. This workshop is open to all Faculty, Staff and Students. 

Date: Wednesday 1/27
Time: 12:30pm
Location: SRWC Classroom, The Nutrition Basics Workshop is tomorrow! Feel free to bring a friend. This workshop is open to all Faculty, Staff and Students. 

Date: Wednesday 1/27
Time: 12:30pm
Location: SRWC Classroom, Welcome to Week 2! I hope that everyone who attended the Kick-off Event had a good time and learned more about the program! Look for an email to explain what to expect and more details on the program today.

There a 2 events occurring this week: 
Workshop: Nutrition Basics, Wednesday 1/27, 12:30pm, SRWC Classroom

Weekly Challenge: Try Bouldering or Climbing at the Climbing Wall, Today is the Kick-off Event from 3:30-6:30p! Feel free to come whenever you can. Make sure to wear comfortable clothing. 

We hope to see you there!, Come to the Z-Fit 2016 Kick-Off Event on Thursday January 21st from 3:30-6:30p in the Student Recreation and Wellness Center Blue Court Gym. Please come ready to participate in physical activity., Today is the first day of Z-Fit, if you haven't registered, do it now!
www.uakron.edu/rec, Register for Z-Fit 2016 today! 
http://www.uakron.edu/srws/fitness-wellness/zfit.dot, Z-Fit is an individual and team based challenge in which participants complete a variety of fun and exciting activities related to health & wellness. Participants will work toward a weekly goal of 100 points that are earned through those activities.

Dates: January 18-April 1, 2016
Kick-off Event: Friday January 21, 3:30-6:30p
Closing Event: Friday April 1, 11:30a-1:00p

For more information and to register, please visit www.uakron.edu/rec, null, null)