List(Check it out- we have a brand spankin' new webstore!  We've got hats, we've got glassware, we've got t shirts and gift cards- we've got everything you need to bring your lager love to the streets.  Give it a look:, The 2016 Barrel-Aged Framinghammers are almost here!  We'll be releasing different versions of our barrel-aged baltic porter at our Beer Hall each week in April- so mark your calendars!  Click below to read more about the variants...

April 5th: Bourbon Barrel-Aged Framminghammer and Brandy Barrel-Aged Framinghammer

April 12th: Coffee Barrel-Aged Framinghammer and Vanilla Barrel-Aged Framinghammer

April 19th: Double Barrel-Aged Framinghammer and Cordon Rouge Barrel-Aged Framinghammer (both draft only)

April 26th: Cocoa-Nut Barrel-Aged Framinghammer, PB&J Barrel-Aged Framinghammer, and Mole Barrel-Aged Framinghammer, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, Cuvée D'Bandwagon is back!  This time barrelmaster Matt dry hopped a golden sour with plenty of Saaz and Chinook hops.  Draft only so come try a pour sometime this week!  Also on tap are all your Winter and Spring favorites for this weird weather week- Lashes, Framinghammer, Saxonator, Sunny Ridge Pilsner, and Maibock Hurts Like Helles.  See what else is on tap below..., null, null, null, Happy St. Patrick's Day everyone! We're deviating from our German roots to celebrate with some excellent food specials.  Chef Gregg is cooking up corned beef and cabbage, Reuben pizzas, and full Irish breakfasts through the weekend.  Come celebrate with us!, null, They're hereeee! Swing by the Beer Hall today and grab cans of Excess before they hit stores!, Hey guys- we're canning our first run of Excess on Friday March 11th and releasing cans in the Beer Hall that same day!  Swing by to grab yours before they're released to stores.  Also on tap this weekend: Sunny Ridge Pilsner, Maibock Hurts Like Helles, and the Cuvee D'Smorgasbord- a new blended raspberry sour., null, null, null, null, null, null, Mondays aren't so bad when you've got these beauties to look at- Excess cans finally arrived this morning!  We can't wait to fill em with beer and get em into your hands.  Stay tuned!, null, null, null, The wait is over- we will be resuming brewery tours this Sunday February 28th!  We've been working hard on our new facility for over a year now and we're so excited to finally let you all in to see the finished space.  To get back in the swing of things, we'll be offering tours on the half hour between 1 and 4 pm on Sunday afternoons.  Due to the nature of our new space, the tours will be capped at 15 people- meaning that, in order to get a place on a tour, you must book a spot.  Click below to book a tour, or find information and booking links on the Beer Hall page of our website., null, New on draft today in the Beer Hall- Big Red Mitch.  Named after our favorite used-to-be-ginger salesman, Big Red Mitch is a wicked hoppy Imperial Red Lager brewed with Centennial, Amarillo, Simcoe, and Idaho-7 hops.  Big Red Mitch will be on draft and available for growler fills- come and get it!, null, null, We age Leisure Time in wine barrels with souring organisms for over a year to bring you Sour Time- its tart, funky, dry sister beer.  Sour Time is available on tap now at the Beer Hall, but its draft only so come have a pour with lunch or dinner this week!, null, null, null, Last week, Craft Beer Cellar's Kelsey Roth visited to pick Jack's brain about our House Lager.  What the f*ck is a Landbier?  Read his article to find out..., null, We just got 200k of these House Lager cans into our warehouse- 16 ozers, baby! Coming at ya soon!, We've got some fabulous specials for those who brave the snow tonight! Seared duck breast with confit leg, maple sage grits and sour cherries. Roasted red pepper and goat cheese sausage with smashed purple potatoes and creamed spinach. Ricotta gnocchi w/ seared foie gras and fig bordelaise... Oh my!  And don't forget our lagers- see what's on tap at http://jacksabbybrewing.com/visit, Good news everyone- we're hiring and we've updated a few of our listings!  We're looking to immediately add to our Packaging and Front of House Beer Hall teams in particular.  Two very different jobs, so click through below and check them out!  Already have a job?  Be a pal and spread the word., We're hiring- and this time we're looking for someone to join the packaging team! Do you love repetitive physical labor? Then this job's for you. Daily duties include preparing packaging materials; facilitating the operation of bottling, canning, and kegging equipment; and maintaining a clean and orderly packaging environment. This job involves long hours- but your coworkers can't be beat! Check out the listing and apply below..., null, null, Sibling Ryevalry, a new rye IPL, hits the Beer Hall on draft and in bottles today!  Brewed with Simcoe and Chinook, this beer has a pleasant piney hop character that compliments the spicy rye backbone.  Also in the Beer Hall today- Baby Hammer, a new black lager brewed with oats, lactose, and tons of roasted malt, will debut on draft., null, null, Get the low down on our winter specialty doppelbock- the Saxonator!  Jack talks tasting notes, what he loves about this beer, and his inspiration for its name.  Check it out below..., If you haven't heard about our Beer Dinner at Blue Dragon (Boston), you need to check it out.  5 courses of delicious Asian fare with 5 delicious lager pairings.  Celebrate the Chinese New Year, help us ring in the year of the monkey!  Links to menu and ticket info in the event below..., null, Thank you RateBeer for naming us the Best Taproom in Massachusetts 2015- and extra thanks to all our lager loving regulars and not-so-regulars that supported us in our last year at Morton Street, you're all the best!  Here's to a great 2016 in the new Beer Hall!, Framinghammer is back on draft and in bottles!  Plus- three new draft only offerings: 3x Dry Hopped Hoponius Union, Hibiscus Blood Orange Leisure Time, and PB&J BA Framinghammer!, Hoponius cans going through the line., First can of Hoponius Union off the line. 12 packs available at brewery today. At stores next week., null, Jack carrying the first cans out to the Beer Hall! Come and get the Calyptra!, It's happening!!! Our first canning! Check it out:, The cans are coming!  You might have heard that we're going to start canning many of our craft lagers- well the time has almost come.  This video was filmed a little over a month ago, hence all the "next year" talk, but we're hoping to get these cans in your hands in the next couple weeks!  Watch as Jack and Sam talk excitedly about this change and give you the scoop on our cans., Smoked handmade kielbasa for tonight's special.  Thanks, Blue Ribbon BBQ, for letting us use your smoker!, Brewery Maker, our latest lager wine, and Red Tape, our amber lager, are available in bottles and on draft at the Beer Hall!  Come snag a few, null, null, Check out what arrived this morning- New labels for some of your favorite barrel-aged craft lagers (and a couple soon-to-be-favorites)!  A few of these will be coming soon so stay posted!, Two specials tonight! First- wild mushroom and gruyere sausage made with Session Black IPL served over acorn squash puree. Second- lamb shepherd's pie! Come and get it!, Check it the latest Sausage Special- Leisure Time, sun dried tomato, and basil sausage served over arugula pesto risotto with blistered tomatoes.  Come and get it!, Just a reminder that the Beer Hall will be CLOSED this coming Sunday, the 10th.  We're pouring our craft lagers today through Saturday, taking a breather on Sunday for our annual staff holiday party, and reopening Tuesday the 12th.  See you soon!, We've got some big news, friends!  With the new brewery up and running, 2016 is going to be a big year for new markets.  We're really excited to share our plans for distribution in NYC coming this spring.  Jack, Eric, and Sam are from New York and can't wait to get their beer into the hands of their hometown drinkers. Read more in the blog post below..., New year, new brewery!  It's been a while since we've posted a construction update and a lot has changed!  Let Jack walk you around our new 67,000 square foot space.  Take a peek inside a brew, scope out the new canning line, and check out our bigger better cellar., Hey friends-  this Sunday, January 10th, the Beer Hall & Kitchen will be CLOSED for our annual staff party.  We apologize for the inconvenience, but we will be open regular hours the rest of the week and hope to see you soon!, New Year's Day special! 

Seared duck breast and confit duck leg over maple hominy grits with sour cherry demi and asparagus, Two new foeders in the brewery!  That means a lot more sour beer coming along down the road!, The award-winning Saxonator is back! This dark strong interpretation of a double bock is full bodied with a raisiny, dark fruit, slightly roasted and chewy malt character.  Lagered for two months, a certain smoothness balances the high ABV.  It's on draft for pours only but you can take it home in bottles!, Happy holidays everyone!  Here are our holiday hours for the week:

Tue 12/22: 11:30-9
Wed 12/23: 11:30-9
Thur 12/24: Kitchen/Bar 11:30-3, Retail 11:30-6
Fri 12/25: CLOSED
Sat 12/26: 11:30-11
Sun 12/27: 11:30-9

Hope to see you all soon!, You heard it here first: our newest über dopplesticke lager wine, Brewery Maker, is on tap today in the Beer Hall.  Bourbon barrel aged for 9 months, this beer is big and boozy. You've celebrated births and weddings with us, now help us celebrate the new brewery. Bottles coming shortly..., Chef Matt is knocking it out of the park with these specials!  This is today's sausage special- Pork sausage made with Smoke & Dagger, roasted garlic, and sage served over buttermilk maple cheddar grits and squash.  Can you say YUM?, It's Sunday and that means football, beer, and wings!  Today Chef Matt has done our wings up three ways:
Chimichuri- mild spice, Pineapple hoisin Thai chili-medium spice, and Maple bacon death wings-🔥🔥🔥

Come and get em!, Jack's mom Shelly made us this sweet little reindeer out of white birch- he's bringing some Christmas spirit to the Beer Hall!, Red Castle Soap dropped off a HUGE order of beer soap to help you with your holiday shopping!  This stuff is a fast seller, so come grab a bar soon- it makes a great present for the lager lover in your life., It's #NationalLagerDay!  Come celebrate at the Beer Hall with our new Session Black IPL.  Hopped with Azacca, Mosaic, and Centennial- this lager is hoppy, roasty, and light on the tongue.  It's draft only so come grab a pint soon!, Latkes are on special all this week in the Beer Hall- come and get em!  Happy Hannukah, everyone!, null, null, null, null, null, null, The first of our new Barrel-Aged Framinghammers is on tap!  The Italiano was bourbon barrel aged with star anise, espresso, and lemon zest.  Draft only in the Beer Hall, so come and get it!, Testing out the canning line and it's lookin pretty good!, We took a few months off due to the move, but the Lager Diaries is back and better than ever!  This month we profile our resident beer scientist, Kate Steblenko.  If you've ever wondered about the more technical side of beer- let Kate give you the low down on the lab!, Hey guys- we're looking to add 5 or 6 people to our Beer Hall team!  Front of House staff includes retail, food runners, bartenders, servers, and hosts.  Experience in high volume dining is a major plus.  Read the job posting below and apply to be a part of an awesome team!  Tell your friends!, Very cool write up in The Boston Globe today about the growing craft beer industry featuring us and our new Clinton Street location along with The Alchemist, Trillium Brewing Company, and Allagash Brewing Company!  Give it a read:, Milling in for the first real brew at Clinton Street- Red Tape!, Happy almost Thanksgiving everyone!  Our hours for the week are as follows:

Tues 11/24: 11:30am-9pm
Wed 11/25: 11:30am-9pm
Thurs 11/26: CLOSED
Fri 11/27: 11:30am-11pm
Sat 11/28: 11:30am-11pm
Sun 11/29: 11:30am-9pm, Look at those cans, baby!, Kiwi Rising has landed!  Big, hoppy, and only around for a short time- our popular Double IPL w/ New Zealand hops is back and better than ever.  Click below to get all the details and catch some footage of our first ever Kiwi Rising brew!, Final meeting of the minds before our first test brew tomorrow!, null, null, null, Lashes season is in full swing- but did you know our beloved winter seasonal has a new look?  Have you ever heard the story behind the beer?  Click below and watch as Jack explains this balanced red IPL- and catch a glimpse of the man, the myth, the legend that is Lashes., null, null, Kiwi Rising doesn't have enough hops for you- come try a pint of the 3x Dry Hopped Kiwi Rising with Nelson hops, freshly tapped at the Beer Hall!  This one is brewery only so come by for lunch or dinner and have a pour., New bottle cap design!  Check it out!, null, null, null, Here's some good news to end the week on- Kiwi Rising will be back in the Beer Hall this coming Tuesday, November 3!  Let this pic, taken by one of our brewers Brienne, get you in the Kiwi mood!, We spent yesterday dosing barrels for all new flavors of Barrel-Aged Framinghammer!  Check out the blog for the inside scoop on the ingredients..., This week Nitro Coffee Smoke & Dagger joins the draft list and Lashes is back in six packs!, null, null, null, null, Check what's coming to the Beer Hall this week!  Tomorrow we'll have a new dry hopped sour and 3x dry hopped Lashes on tap.  Then, as draft lines open up, we have Lashes and Nitro Coffee Smoke & Dagger to put on!, null, null, Check out these beauties that came in the mail today!  12oz can proofs!, Hey we got a pretty big shipment today so if you happen to be in the Beer Hall tomorrow you'll get to see some of our fermenter tanks get stood up and installed!, Can't get enough Pumpkin Crop?  Let Sam tell you all about it!  We used real pumpkins from Volante Farms that we prepped here in house- and you can watch it all on the blog!

You can find Pumpkin Crop on tap and in bottles here in the Beer Hall, and in limited quantities through all our territories.  Get some before it's gone!, New sour out tomorrow!  Cuvee D'or Rouge. Blend of 2 year golden and red barrels., Can't make it to the Beer Hall this week?  Don't worry, we've got tons of awesome beer coming out over the next month.  New sours, old favorites, even a 3x dry hopped Kiwi!  We'll keep you posted as release dates draw closer, but check it out:, Many of you might remember when our taproom looked like this... a little over 4 years ago we had a ribbon cutting ceremony for our first taproom at 81 Morton Street.  Today we're cutting the ribbon on the new Beer Hall at 100 Clinton street and we can't believe how much we've grown in such a short time!  Every single one of you, especially those of you in Framingham, has been so supportive and we continue to be blown away by it all.  We hope to see you all at the Beer Hall soon!, null, null, null, The Beer Hall is open full hours today (11:30am-9pm) and our Grand Opening is tomorrow!  You've all been so patient (seriously, thank you) and we can't wait to get you all back in here.  We've got 24 lagers on draft including Pumpkin Crop, Hibiscus Leisure Time, BA Framinghammers, 3x Hoponius, and so much more!  

Sour bottles and BA Framinghammer bottles are still available, grab some while they last!  Limit 6 each on sours, 2 each on Framinghammers., Guess which one of our lagers made the list...., null, null, null, This week in the Beer Hall:  Pumpkin Crop returns in bottles and on draft!  This true pumpkin beer celebrates the New England harvest, using local pumpkins sourced from Volante Farms and prepped right here in our own kitchen.  Enjoy it while it lasts!

Also new on tap this week: Hibiscus Leisure Time!  Draft only at the Beer Hall, no growlers, so come down and grab a pint!, null, null, LOST AND FOUND!

If you visited the Beer Hall this week and think you lost a bracelet, a pair of reading glasses, and/or what appears to be some sort of cellphone earpiece, message us!  We might have it!, null, null, **THE BEER HALL WILL BE CLOSED BEGINNING TOMORROW AND WILL REOPEN WEDNESDAY OCTOBER 7TH**

This has been a CRAZY week!  We have been completely blown away by the amount of friends who have come to the Beer Hall over the few days!  There are some changes we need to make to improve the experience, but everyone has been so patient and understanding. We really can't convey how much that means to us.

In order to improve and make some necessary changes we will be CLOSED TOMORROW, SUNDAY OCTOBER 4th through TUESDAY OCTOBER 6th.  We'll open again Wednesday the 7th and our Grand Opening is still on schedule for Thursday the 8th.

We are so sorry if this means that your plans to visit have been interrupted, but we'll be back to normal hours (11:30-9 Tues-Thurs + Sun, 11:30-11 Fri-Sat) beginning the 7th.  

You all have been so great, thanks for bearing with us., Friends: we are thrilled that so many of you are coming out to support the new Beer Hall!  We've had an overwhelming response and we feel the need to clarify our parking situation- there is parking along the Grant Street side of the building, along the Clark street side of the building, and in the lot on Bishop.  YOU WILL BE TOWED IF YOU PARK ON THE SIDE OF A RESIDENTIAL STREET.  The lot off Bishop can fit 300 cars which is more than enough parking for everyone.  IN ADDITION: Parking on OUR side of Clinton St is fine but parking on both sides creates a situation where two-way traffic cannot occur.  We love our new neighborhood and want everyone to be happy and safe!!

Please be kind to our neighbors and refer to our parking map below..., Guess what's brewing today?  It's Kiwi Rising!, null, null, null, Thank you to everyone that came in yesterday, we were overwhelmed by the response.  There are things we need to do to improve the experience, but everyone that was here yesterday was patient and understanding.  We cannot convey how much that meant to us.

In order to improve and make some necessary changes we will be closed on Tuesday, Oct 6th.  Our Grand Opening is still on schedule for Thursday the 8th.  With the exception of Tuesday we are now following our new hours of Tue-Thu+Sun: 11:30am-9pm and Fri/Sat: 11:30am-11pm., null, null, null, Okay guys we've been saving some super special kegs and bottles to help celebrate the move and we'll have them available starting TOMORROW!  

ON DRAFT: Hoponius Union, Smoke & Dagger, House Lager, Mass Rising, Red Tape, Leisure Time, Numb Swagger, Calyptra, trIPL, Fire in the Ham, Excess IPL, Copper Legend, 3x Dry Hopped Hoponius w/ Citra, 3x Dry Hopped Hoponius w/ Calypso, 3x Dry Hopped Hoponius w/ Simcoe, Nitro Framinghammer, Barrel-Aged Framinghammer, Vanilla BA Framinghammer, Coffee BA Framinghammer, Cocoa-Nut BA Framinghammer, PB&J Framinghammer, Sour Cranberry, Sour Nectarine, Barrel-Aged Cherry Berliner Braun

We're also SPECIAL BOTTLE RELEASE of all the BA Framinghammers (limit 2 per person) as well as two new bottle conditioned sours, Cranberry and Nectarine (limit 6 per person).

See you soon at 100 Clinton Street in Framingham!!, Hey friends: as of tomorrow, Wednesday September 30th, our Morton Street location is officially closed and you can head on down to 100 Clinton Street for your growler fills, bottles, gifts, and pints!  There's plenty of parking along Grant Street with more down the block.  This move has been a long time coming, we're so excited to see you all in the new space!  Stay tuned for info on available beers..., Check out the Copper Legend in the #1 spot!  Prost!, Starting to fill up with brewhouse tanks., null, null, null, It's Cask Wednesday which means we'll be pouring a cask of Hoponius Union with clementine and Mosaic hops around 3pm!  Come by and grab a sample or pint!, The first tank is being rigged., Are you someone who loves craft beer and pizza?  Do you have experience in the restaurant industry?  We're looking for knowledgeable enthusiastic people to join our new Beer Hall team!  We have both front-of-house and back-of-house positions open, part and full time.  Take a look at our Job Opportunities page for details on how to apply..., null, Thanks Pierce's Workshop for making us this awesome Beer Menu and coming down to install it today!  Nat made each one of these name plates out of staves from barrels we've used.  It looks great!, null, null, null, Pizza #3 out of the oven., First test pizza in the oven., null, It's Cask Wednesday!  This week we've whipped up a cask of the perfect late summer combination- Smoke & Dagger with toasted coconut.  It will be ready for pours around 3 pm so stop by and grab a pint!, First brewhouse shipments arriving this morning!, Lighting the first fire in the pizza oven!!, Here's something to snap you out of that post-Labor Day funk- a new Beer Hall construction update!, And there it goes!, null, null, null, Hey MetroWesterners- we're super excited about sponsoring and pouring at the MetroWest Tourism & Visitors Bureau's MetroFest 2015!  This year boasts an awesome line up of food trucks, local artisans and vendors, musical acts, and a wine & beer tent featuring tastings with us and our friends from Fifth Ave Liquors!

Sat September 26th, 11am-5pm, mark your calendars!  Come on out, support the community, and have some fun!  Click below for info on food, vendors, music, and tickets., This month on The Lager Diaries we interview a new addition to the Jack's Abby team- chef and man of the moment, Gregg Bergeron.  Gregg talks about how he got into cooking, what made him want to be involved with Jack's Abby, and what he's looking forward to doing in the new Beer Hall.  We hope you're as excited as we are about the new space!, null, null, It might still be sunny and hot but Oktoberfest is less than a month away!  Packed with German malts and hops, Copper Legend is here to help you kick off your celebrations.  Watch as Jack pours himself a pint and gives some background on where the name "Copper Legend" comes from.

Prost!, About a half pound of blueberries went into each sample pour of Sour Barrel Project #7- that's over a pound in a snifter pour!  That's some serious berry power.

Available on draft in our taproom, to go in growlers., This week in the taproom: Sour Barrel Project #7!  Blueberry Golden Sour.  Available for pours and growlers.

On tap alongside Red Tape, Coffee Smoke & Dagger, Numb Swagger, Framingham Lager-ita Lime, Excess IPL, Copper Legend, and your core faves.

Open wed-sat 12-8pm, Hey friends- we're excited to give you another peek inside construction on our new space!  Click below and watch as Sam walks through the Beer Hall space and talks our new pizza oven and progress on the draft system!

Want to work in the Beer Hall?  We're hiring for bartenders, retail staff, prep cooks, a sous chef, and more!  Check out our job opportunities page for more info: http://jacksabbybrewing.com/contact/job-opportunities/, Today on the Blog: House Lager in the haus!

Watch as Jack and Herb share their thoughts, read about the origins of this delicious Helles brew, and get the first look into an inspired dinner series featuring House Lager.  Prost!, Today's the day-  We're on the hunt for passionate knowledgeable staff to join our new Beer Hall team!   We're looking for prep cooks, bartenders, retail staff, hosts,  dishwashers, and more.  Come down to 100 Clinton St in Framingham today from 2-7pm and meet our GM and bar managers!  Click below for more info.  See you there!, Everyone is talking about our upcoming move, but there are plenty of reasons to give our Morton Street Taproom some love in the mean time!  Watch as Jack tastes some of the brewery exclusive brews we've offered.  Come on in and try some yourself!  We're open Wed-Sat from noon to 8pm!

As of today our exclusives are Dry Hopped Sunny Ridge, Numb Swagger, Framingham Lager-ita Lime, and Coffee Smoke & Dagger., Bar counters went in today. Getting closer., Tomorrow is Cask Wednesday!  This week Caskmaster Coby has cooked up a cask of Mass Rising with galaxy hops and lime juice.  It will be ready for pours around 3pm tomorrow.  Come by the taproom and grab a taste!, null, null, We're still looking for a talented sous chef to work under our main man Gregg Bergeron.  Gregg is looking for someone with experience in high volume or fine dining kitchens, with wood fired pizza experience a major plus.  Check out our listing and get in touch!, Unfortunately, our power is out and is not coming back up soon. The tasting room is closed., Do you know someone who has experience in a fast-paced kitchen, someone who's looking for bartending work and loves craft beer, or maybe someone who can wash a mean dish or fill growlers with wild abandon?  We're finally hiring front of house and back of house positions for our new Beer Hall!  

Come out to our job fair and meet Rob, our bar manager, and Gregg, our chef, on Monday August 24th.  Click the event page for more details., null, null, null, This week in the taproom: Red Tape returns!  The first beer we ever brewed- affectionately named after all the legal craziness involved in the licensing and opening of a brewery!  Feels as relevant now as it ever did!  Deep amber in color and full of German malts.  Available today for pours and growler fills with bottles coming soon., New barrels on their way in!, null, Working around the clock to get the new beer hall open. Starting to take shape., We are hiring a Greater Boston-based Brewery Sales Rep. Read the post for details. Please share! 

http://jacksabbybrewing.com/contact/job-opportunities/, Are you a skilled chef who loves great pizza, great people, and great beer?  Our Chef and restaurant GM, Gregg, is looking to hire his second in command- click below and take a peek at our listing for Sous Chef!, Our friends at the Framingham Patch wrote this piece on the new brewery and restaurant!  We continue to be stunned by the support of the Framingham community and we can't wait for you all to come in and see what all our hard work has created!, All our special anniversary beers are still on tap!  Ginger and Juice, Smoke & Machete, 3x dry hopped Hoponius Union, and Framingham Lager-ita Lime.  Come grab a pint while they're still here!, Hoppy Boston wrote this wonderful review of our Joint Custody collaboration with Otter Creek Brewing- check it out:, null, The walls are up, the tables are being built- follow Sam as he gives the latest updates on the new construction., null, This week in the taproom: 

- Copper Legend, our Octoberfest, makes it's return!  Copper Legend is light on the tongue, malty, and mightly sweet- perfect for late summer and early fall festivities.  Available for pours and to go in 6 packs and growlers.
- Our Cask Wednesday offering is 3x Dry Hopped Hoponius (using Galaxy and Nelson Sauvin) w/ mangoes.  Super fruity hoppy goodness!

We're open Wednesday-Saturday noon to 8pm!, The Lager Diaries is a monthly series of interviews in which we celebrate the people behind the scenes who allow Jack's Abby to be the best it can be. This month we hear from brewer Matt Cohen, the mastermind behind the brewery's Sour Barrel Program. Click below to read as Matt talks brew school, his favorite Sour Barrel beers, and the hazards of the barrel room., Curious about the new spot?  This awesome write up in the MetroWest Daily News has all the most recent details! Thanks Norm!, null, Oops! With all the new taps going on tomorrow, we forgot to mention Wednesday's cask! It's big, black and bold Framinghammer with cacao nibs, orange peel, and rye soaked oak spirals! Tapping around 3pm!, Hopefully everybody already knows about our party at Brewer's Fork tomorrow night, but we're also tapping some rarities at the taproom all week! 

Starting at noon tomorrow we'll be featuring pours and growler fills of: Smoke and Machete,  Framingham Lager with lime zest (Framingham Lagerita), Ginger and Juice, and triple dry-hopped Hoponius Union with Galaxy and Nelson Sauvin hops!

N.B. None of these are bottled, so come get some while supplies last!, Our new wood fired oven is in place and polished. Can't wait to make some pizza in there., Can't make it to our birthday party at Brewer's Fork?  Don't worry, we're throwing on 4 excellent specialty kegs in our taproom next Wednesday (7/29).

- Smoke & Machete: Smoke & Dagger barrel aged with chipotle, cinnamon, and cacao nibs
- Ginger & Juice: Hoponius with ginger and grapefruit zest
- Framingham Lager-ita Lime: Framingham Lager with lime zest
- Triple Dry Hopped Hoponius, We're hosting a corn hole tournament with KO Pies!  Check out the info below:, Join us on July 29th, at 6pm, for our 4th anniversary celebration at Brewer's Fork. We will have 30 of our lagers on tap.

Sour Barrel #1
Sour Barrel #3
Sour Barrel #4
Sour Barrel #5
Sour Barrel #6
BA Cocoa Nut Framinghammer
BA PB and J Framinghammer
BA Vanilla Framinghammer
2014 BA Framinghammer
﻿Sunny Ridge Pilsner
Dry-hopped Sunny Ridge Pilsner
Leisure Time Lager
Jabby Brau
Smoke and Dagger Nitro
Smoke and Machete
Coffee Smoke and Dagge
Hoponius Union
3x Dry-hopped Hoponius Union
Mass Rising
Excess IPL
Berliner Lager
Fire in the Ham
Framingham Lager
Framingham Lager w/lime zest (AKA Framingham Lager-ita)
Bride Maker
Ginger and Juice (Hoponius Union w/ginger and grapefruit zest)
Copper Legend
Joint Custody
House Lager
Hopstitution #9, Checking out our new canning line in Italy., Fire In The Ham is coming back this wednesday!  It will be available in bottles and for growler fills., Bottles of the big bold Lager Ness Monster are still available in our taproom!, Sour Barrel Project #6- Framingham Lager that has been soured and aged in red wine and bourbon barrels with blackberries- is ready and hitting the taproom today!  

It's also Cask Wednesday and we'll have a cask of Hoponius Union with grapefruit and calypso hops ready for pours around 3pm today., Jack (and Lashes) field questions about our Berliner Lager:

http://jacksabbybrewing.com/blog/2015/07/jack-and-lashes-talk-berliner-lager/, Look what we got in the mail- a bunch of these sweet #JointCustody tap handles from our buds at Otter Creek Brewing!

Only a week until the debut at the #vtbrewersfest and then it hits our taproom on the 22nd! Can't wait! Keep an eye to Facebook/Twitter for more info in the next few weeks., The Kickstarter for the Framingham Downtown Renaissance's mural project is down to the final few days!  Check out their page, watch their slideshow (keep an eye out for Jack's Abby employees), and please consider donating to help bring some really awesome public art to downtown Framinhgam.

bit.ly/FDRkick, null, In our quest to bring you the best lagers possible, we're constantly reviewing and revising our brewing methods. This past year, we've updating our spunding and slurming processes. 

http://jacksabbybrewing.com/blog/2015/07/about-the-beer-spunding-and-slurming-updates/, Today's Cask is Sunny Ridge Pilsner dosed with Mosaic hops and a big handful of gooseberries!

The cask will be ready for pours around 3pm today in the taproom.  We're open noon to 8pm, stop on by and try some!, null, We just added a new listing to our Job Opportunities.  We are looking for someone to work on our bottling line.  Follow the link for more information on what the job entails and how to apply.

http://jacksabbybrewing.com/contact/job-opportunities/, null, Gary Dzen of The Boston Globe talks Berliner Lager and plans for our sour program..., Beat the rainy day blues with a pour of our Cask Wednesday offering- Hoponius Union with jalapeño, mango, and lime!

Available for samples and pours at approx. 3pm today in the Taproom.  We're open noon to 8, come on by!, null, Available in the Taproom Thursday July 2nd- three experimental batches of Hoponius Union each fermented with one of three strains of brettanomyces:

• Brettanomyces Bruxellensis
• Brettanomyces Bruxellensis Trois
• Brettanomyces Claussenii

Brettanomyces is known for lending funky earthy notes so these are sure to be something different!  The brett brews will be available for tasting in highly limited quantities at the Taproom. Try all of them side by side in a flight with regular Hoponius Union!, The 4th of July is almost upon us!  Our Taproom hours for the week are as follows- 

Wednesday July 1st: Noon to 8pm
Thursday July 2nd: Noon to 8pm
Friday July 3rd: Noon to 8pm
Saturday July 4th: CLOSED

We wish a growler-and-grill filled holiday to you and yours!  Prost!, null, Sour Barrel Project #5 is here and it's delicious- Leisure Time aged in red wine barrels with brettanomyces, lactobacillus, and pediococcus for 12 months.  

Available in the taproom for pours and growlers., With a lot of big changes on the horizon, the hard-working people behind Jack’s Abby become more and more important. In honor of our awesome team, we’re kicking off a new blog series featuring monthly interviews with employees. Check out our first edition, where we feature Mike “Lashes” Gleason.

http://jacksabbybrewing.com/blog/2015/06/the-lager-diaries-mike-lashes-gleason/, null, null, Do you like beer? Do you like talking to people about beer? Wanna work for a brewery? Then check out our current job openings:

http://jacksabbybrewing.com/contact/job-opportunities/, Check out the latest construction update from the new brewery!

http://jacksabbybrewing.com/blog/2015/06/brewery-expansion-update-3/, How do you find joy in a cask-less Cask Wednesday?  By having a pint of the newest Hopstitution, of course!

Hopstitution #9 hits the taproom tomorrow (Wed June 17th).  This batch uses Meridian and Caliente- two fruity hops featuring notes of lemon zest, mixed berries, and stone fruit.  

We open at noon!  Hopstitution #9 will be available for pours and growler fills., Check out how we brew Mass Rising on our BeerGeeks TV episode!, null, null, null, null, Gettin' Hoponius in at Union...Square.

Join us at Brass Union next week! 

Buy tix here, 
https://brasspair7.eventbrite.com, Jack was featured on Ora TV's latest installment of "5 Questions With" where he updates the BeerGeeks TV team about what's been going on at the brewery since filming:

http://www.ora.tv/beergeeks/article/5-questions-jack-abby-brewing, null, null, null, Framingham Lager Returns!  Bottles sold in Framingham will have this limited edition label featuring artwork that will be part of the new mural in Downtown Framingham by local artist Sorin Bica.  

Check out our blog post for more information: http://jacksabbybrewing.com/blog/2015/06/framingham-lager-returns/, Cooler at the new brewery is going up., Looking forward to sharing our BeerGeeks TV episode on Ora TV --stay tuned for a full episode link later on this week! For now, check out the sneak peek: http://bit.ly/1FEEQd1, null, null, We couldn't have said it any better ourselves...lager and 'za, always a winning combination

http://boston.eater.com/2015/6/3/8720675/wood-fired-pizza-on-the-menu-at-new-jacks-abby-facility, Get pumped, lager lovers- Framingham Lager returns next week!  A crisp, refreshing, traditional American style lager brewed with 100% real hops, 100% real malts, and lots of love for our Framingham community.

Get it beginning next Wednesday, June 10th, in our taproom.  Look for it on draft in Framingham and in 12 packs at package stores throughout MA.  A portion of the proceeds will benefit the Framingham Downtown Renaissance which seeks to bring new business and new energy to downtown Framingham!, For those of you who didn’t get to hear Jack’s interview on Beer Geeks Radio, stream it here!

http://jacksabbybrewing.com/blog/2015/06/jack-featured-on-beer-geeks-radio/, This week's cask is Hoponius Union with a hefty addition of Huell Melon hops!  Huell Melon is a particularly fruity hop with strong notes of honeydew melon- and it's one of the hops used in our upcoming Joint Custody collaboration with Otter Creek Brewing!  Hooray for leftovers!  

The cask will be available to pour beginning at 3 pm today (Wed 6/3) in our Taproom.  See you there!, Take another peek inside the new space and let Sam tell you a bit about what we've been up to!, Limited Edition Jack's Abby flippy-floppies w/ bottle opener drop tomorrow! Available in sizes S, M, and L., Walls are starting to go up for the restaurant., Happy Monday! Big thanks to Bloomberg Business for including Hoponius Union as one of the 12 most unusual brews for your summer BBQ!

http://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2015-05-29/twelve-unusual-brews-that-will-blow-up-your-summer-bbq, Jack will be interviewed on Beer Geeks Radio this afternoon from 12:30-1. Stream the interview live here: http://www.wilknewsradio.com/, Sour Project #4 is out today. Framingham Lager soured in wine barrels with brett, pedio, lacto and raspberries.

We used 70 pounds of raspberries per wine barrel., The Summer of Sours is upon us! Read on for a little history on sour beers, plus info on our Sour Barrel Program and upcoming sour releases.

http://jacksabbybrewing.com/blog/2015/05/summer-of-sours/, Today we are pouring our new cellar floor., Two excellent releases today in the taproom.  Excess IPL- our powerfully hoppy lager- returns and Smoke & Machete- Smoke & Dagger that's been bourbon barrel aged with cacao nibs, cinnamon sticks, and chipotle peppers- makes it's debut!

Both will available for pours and growler fills., Cranberries going into barrels with Leisure Time Lager to be soured., Have you heard about our ACBF Session 1 afterparty this Friday night at The Merchant?  They'll be pouring choice beers from us as well as Sierra Nevada Brewing Company, Ballast Point Brewing & Spirits, Stone Brewing Co., Two Roads Brewing Company, Long Trail Brewing Company, Anderson Valley Brewing Company, Otter Creek Brewing, Wormtown Brewery, and Boulevard Brewing Company.  See you there!, We have two exciting new sales positions open. Check out our jobs page for more info!

http://jacksabbybrewing.com/contact/job-opportunities/, Are you heading to ACBF on Friday or Saturday?  Be sure to swing by our taproom on your way into the city- we're releasing a select amount of all the Barrel-Aged Framinghammer variants (PBJ, Cocoa-Nut, Coffee, Vanilla) on Friday (5/29) and Saturday (5/30) only.  2 bottle limit per person per variant while supplies last., Jack talks (and drinks!) Sunny Ridge Pilsner

http://jacksabbybrewing.com/blog/2015/05/jack-talks-sunny-ridge-pilsner/, If you're out shopping tonight, stop by and say hi at High Spirits!, Tomorrow we will be releasing our Barrel Aged version of our Maibock Hurts Like Helles in draft and growler format only.

More taproom fun includes this week's cask--Caskmaster Cobi has whipped up a white peach and Serrano pepper infused pin of Mass Rising! Pouring tomorrow until supplies last!, null, null, In an effort to keep this warm weather thing going, tomorrow's cask will be Leisure Time Lager spiked with Sorachi Ace hops and some lemon juice!

AND....Calyptra makes it's way back to our tap list, along with the triumphant return of our Berliner Lager!, null, null, Variety packs returning next week with Sunny Ridge Pils and Calyptra!, Installing the support racks that will be holding glycol and co2 pipes for our fermenters., We've joined forces with Otter Creek Brewing to brew Joint Custody, a court-ordered collaboration of the highest kind! Learn more: 

http://jacksabbybrewing.com/blog/2015/05/otter-creek-jacks-abby-hop-on-the-bus-in-new-collaboration/, null, null, Updated board of the future..., Big day yesterday at the new space- plumbing is in place and the cement is poured!  Never thought we'd be so excited about a floor, great job guys!, It looks like we have enough PB&J Barrel Aged Framinghammer to sell some more this week. 6 bottle limit while supplies last. We also have small amounts of Vanilla, Coffee, and regular Barrel Aged Framinghammer, but if you wait until next week you may be too late!, Tomorrow's cask is not for the faint of heart--we've infused some Hoponius Union with mangoes and habanero peppers! Tapping the cask at 3, pouring while supplies last!, Once again we have a small amount, about 20-30, of barrels that formerly held our Cocoa-Nut and PB&J Framinghammer available for purchase.  $100 a piece.  We cannot reserve barrels for people, so they will be sold on a first come first serve basis during retail hours.  Remember, these are large objects- so be sure to have a car or truck that has space to carry them!, Wanna know our secret to infusing the PB&J Barrel-Aged Framinghammer with that striking flavor? We use real peanut butter...guess the secret is out!

http://robbreport.com/robb-vices/pint-pbj, null, null, null, Added fruit to some of our sour barrels today. Nectarines, blueberries, blackberries, raspberries were used., The Framingham community has given us amazing support over the last 4 years and we couldn't be more excited for the future we're building here.  Last night's town meeting felt like a real vote of confidence!  Thanks everyone!, If peanut butter and jelly Baltic porter isn't your thing, tomorrow's cask will feature Smoke and Dagger infused with cacao nibs, cinnamon, and chipotle peppers! The taproom always has something for everyone..., There is a small amount of BA Cocoa-Nut Framinghammer left, it will be available on Wednesday.  BA PB&J Framinghammer is also being released on Wednesday., Okay everybody--this is the last day to get Cocoa-Nut Framinghammer, still a 6 bottle limit per person. Open from 12-8pm!, Sam talks construction at the new brewery!

http://jacksabbybrewing.com/blog/2015/04/brewery-expansion-update/, null, Amidst all the other news today, we would be remiss is we didn't let you all know about tomorrow's taproom cask! Jabby Brau dry hopped with Amarillo, with meyer lemon juice/zest and honey tangerines!, Today's the day we're officially in RI! Read on for details on our launch events in the Ocean State, as well as an interview with Jack:

https://bottlescansclaphands.wordpress.com/2015/04/21/todays-the-day-jacks-abby-arrives-plus-a-talk-with-brewmaster-jack-hendler/, Bottles of BA, Coffee and Vanilla Framinghammers will be available through 5/2.

Cocoa-Nut is releasing tomorrow and PB&J will be available on 4/29. Each of these will be available, assuming they last, for two weeks after their release., Cocoa-Nut BA Framinghammer,  being released tomorrow. Brewery only., Working on the plumbing for the kitchen today., The Copper Legend himself, at work building our new brewery., Today in the taproom we're releasing our new, massively hoppy lager, Excess IPL. Bold hop aromatics and flavors will be sure to please any hop head!, Chris Wright from gearpatrol.com spoke to Sam and Jack about lagers and wrote this cool article about how lager brewing fits into the American craft beer movement.  Check it out:, Excess IPL will be released in the taproom this Wednesday, April 15th.  Draft only, pours and growler fills available.  Limited draft distribution to parts of MA and RI., Exciting things have been brewing here at Jack’s Abby, including a brand new outrageously hoppy lager- Excess IPL.

https://youtu.be/7UeijbS44jI, null, null, null, null, Thanks to Men's Journal for featuring our Barrel Aged Framinghammer as one of the best Barrel aged beers to try!

http://www.mensjournal.com/expert-advice/six-barrel-aged-beers-to-try-20130416/barrel-aged-framinghammer, A few folks at our Philly launch at Barcade. We'll be up north tonight -- anyone in the Exeter/Scranton area should meet us at Sabatini's Pizza!, Tomorrow is the release of our latest Hopstitution (#8 if you've been counting) featuring Cascade and Jaryllo hops. AND it's a new cask Wednesday featuring good old Hoponius Union with a heavy dose of Citra hops, white grapefruit juice and zested white grapefruit! While supplies last...., Jack talks about Barrel Aged Framinghammer., null, null, We have a lot of releases coming out the next few weeks., Barrel-Aged, Vanilla Barrel-Aged, and Coffee Barrel-Aged Framinghammers drop TOMORROW Wednesday April 1st!  The taproom will be open Wednesday, Thursday, and Friday (April 1st, 2nd, 3rd) from noon to 8pm.  6 bottle limit per person per variant- the BA Framinghammers will be on tap for pouring only, no growlers. 
 
On Saturday April 4th- we will open the taproom early for bottle sales only from 11am to noon before turning the taps on for our regular hours from noon to 8pm.  Come in early and snag a few bottles!   Again, 6 bottle limit per person per variant, no growlers., Exciting news for our friends in the Ocean State... we will be expanding our distribution to Rhode Island next month! 

http://jacksabbybrewing.com/blog/2015/03/jacks-abby-brewing-expands-distribution-to-rhode-island/, This is the last crazy double dry-hopped beer week at the brewery! We still have a limited amount of double dry-hopped Mass Rising featuring additions of Equinox and Calypso, and if that weren't enough, debuting today is a double dry-hopped version of Hopstitution #8, featuring Chinook, Lemon Drop, and Jarrylo hops! Taproom only, draft only--get them this week as we have to make room for Framinghammers next week!, The wait is almost over for Barrel-Aged Framinghammers!  

The Barrel-Aged, Vanilla Barrel-Aged, and Coffee Barrel-Aged Framinghammers will be available at the taproom beginning Wednesday April 1st at noon.  6 bottle limit per person, per variant.  They will be on tap for pours only, no growlers.

Cocoa-Nut Barrel-Aged Framinghammer will be available beginning at noon on Wednesday April 22nd and PB&J Barrel-Aged Framinghammer will be released at noon on Wednesday April 29th.  Both Cocoa-Nut and PB&J will be brewery only releases with a 6 bottle limit per person, per variant.  On tap for pours only, no growlers., We have managed to move on to round 2 of Thrillist's Craft Beer Bracket.  Please vote for us again in our current match up against Evil Twin., Double Dry Hopped Mass Rising is still available at the brewery for tastings and growlers fills., null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, As some of you have noticed, we recently launched our new site! Check it out for up-to-date info on all things Jack’s Abby, such as available and upcoming beers, what’s pouring in the tasting room, events, and of course, our blog., It's March Madness time - be sure to vote for Jack's Abby in Thrillist's Best Craft Brewery bracket!

http://www.thrillist.com/drink/nation/the-best-craft-breweries-in-america, Tomorrow at noon in the taproom we'll have a double dry hopped Mass Rising available for pints and growler fills! Not to mention our Wednesday cask filled with Jabby Brau hopped with some Simcoe! Won't last too long, come get some!, Get excited for spring with extra dry hopped Hoponius and Mass Rising, spring seasonal Sunny Ridge Pilsner, and the return of the Barrel-Aged Framinghammers., null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, Woah -- this week we hit 10K likes. We're humbled by your continued support. Here's to the next 10K!, Whaaaat!!!!, Not only will we have triple dry hopped Hoponius Union on tap for growlers and in-house drinking tomorrow at noon, but at 3pm we will also be featuring a 10 gallon firkin of the same recipe for taproom enjoyment only!, 3x Dry Hopped Hoponius ready to be kegged tomorrow.  With Mosaic and Simcoe. On tap at noon 3/11., null, Attention hop fanatics! We're re-releasing three of our most acclaimed hoppy lagers this month. Check it out!

http://jacksabbybrewing.com/blog/2015/03/calling-all-hop-fanatics/, Today we are releasing Maibock Hurts Like Helles and TrIPL at the brewery., null, Melting peanut butter for some Barrel Aged PB&J Framinghammer., Variety packs will be out next week!, Tomorrow at 3pm in the taproom we will be pouring a version of Hoponius Union from our gravity cask, dry hopped with Centennial hops, with tangelo zest and a shot of tangelo juice! We pour it until 3pm Friday or until it's gone!, null, null, null, null, null, Our late winter seasonals are officially out! Check out our latest blog post for background info and pairing suggestions for Framinghammer and Saxonator! 

http://jacksabbybrewing.com/blog/2015/02/late-winter-seasonals-framinghammer-saxonator/, Excited for our taproom to get voted for an award from RateBeer., We are honored that Bride Maker was selected as the winner of Brewing New's 10th annual Cole's Barleywine Competition., Sorry folks, but the taproom is closing early tonight (now) due to weather related travel. Come see us on Wednesday when we debut our 2nd Sour Barrel Project, AND a cask featuring Leisure Time Lager dry hopped with Lemon Drop hops!, We were at our new building today to check on the demo and go over plans with our engineers.  Getting close to being able to start construction., We'll be tapping our first cask ever in the taproom at 5pm today! It's our Hopstitution #7 (OIL!), dry hopped with Chinook and Calypso, and we'll pour until the cask is dry.

Also, Saxonator debuts in the taproom today as well! Our Dunkles Dopplebock comes in at 8.5% and has lots of dark fruit notes and a very chewy malt character., Interested in how our Sour Project #1 was brewed? Here's some info on how we did it.

http://jacksabbybrewing.com/blog/2015/02/sour-project/, We're excited to announce that we will be expanding our distribution to Eastern PA for the month of April. Check it out! 

http://jacksabbybrewing.com/blog/2015/02/jacks-abby-brewing-expands-distribution-to-eastern-pa/, null, Well well well...lots of things are coming (y)our way!
Next Wednesday, 2/11, at 5pm we will be tapping our first cask in the taproom--a dry hopped rendition of our current Hopstitution: OIL. 

Also on 2/11 we'll be letting loose the Saxonator, our Dunkles Dopplebock, in half liter bottles and growlers.

On 2/18 we'll be releasing the second in our Sour Barrel Project series, and on 2/25 we'll be dropping some Calyptra!, Framinghammer Baltic Porter is being released today.  It will be available in growlers and in 4-packs of 12oz bottles.

Saxonator will be coming out in 1-2 weeks., Today RateBeer.com released their list of the top 100 breweries in the world.  We were named with 3 other Massachusetts breweries!, null, Excited to have Mass Rising mentioned by CNN as a pick to drink during the Superbowl., We are releasing the 1st of our barrel aged sours at 3pm today. Today's release is a golden lager aged in red wine barrels since Sept 2013 with Brettanomyces, Pediococcus and Lactobacillus.  It will be available in 32oz growlers., Sorry for the last minute notice, but we are not opening until 3pm today as our staff were not able to get in earlier., We're thrilled to have shared our business challenges and plans for growth with the WSJ. Check it out: http://www.wsj.com/articles/craft-brew-makers-share-the-recipe-for-success-1422244837, We are all out of Triple Dry Hopped Hoponius Union.  It will be back again in the near future., null, null, 3 kegs left of the Triple Dry Hopped Hoponius Union--it may not make it until tomorrow!, null, First load of bourbon barrels arrived today!, Today we are releasing our Triple Dry Hopped Hoponius Union.  This is a small brewery only release available in 32 and 64 oz growlers., null, null, Next Thursday we will be having a beer dinner at The Red Raven Gastropub in Acton.  You can place a reservation with them by calling 978-274-2231., null, null, We have two new beers coming out this week:

Hopstitution Oil - This Hopstitution batch uses Polaris and a new experimental hop.  These two hop varieties have the highest concentration of hop oils available.

House Lager - This beer is based off a traditional German lager from the Franconia/Bamberg region.  This golden lager is malty and sweet with a touch of noble hops., null, null, null, http://www.bostonglobe.com/arts/2015/01/03/reinventing-lager-jack-abby-brewing/umv9HYpr82IwsMJKJQyu6O/story.html, Special hours this week:

Monday 12/29: 12-8pm
Tuesday 12/30: 12-8pm
Wednesday 12/31: 12-5pm
Thursday 1/1: Closed
Friday 1/2: 12-8om
Saturday 1/3: 12-8pm, We are open today and tomorrow for our normal hours, 12-8pm., null, We are out of bottle of TrIPL and running low for growler fills., We are excited to have our TrIPL named the Lager of The Year by Deadspin's Will Gordon., We are open until 8pm tonight and will be open tomorrow from 12-5pm., Holiday hours for next week:

Monday 12/22: 12-8pm
Tuesday 12/23: 12-8pm
Wednesday 12/24: 12-5pm
Thursday 12/25: Closed
Friday 12/26: 12-8om
Saturday 12/27: 12-8pm, We are excited to announce our plans to build a significantly larger brewery at 100 Clinton Street in downtown Framingham. The expansion will allow the brewery to increase production capacity. The 67,000 sq. foot space (up from the current brewery’s 12,000) will feature state-of-the-art brewing equipment including a canning line and a 60 bbl brew house for initial brewing capacity of 50,000 bbls annually, with opportunity to scale up to 125,000 bbls.  A 5,000 sq. foot tasting room and restaurant will also be part of the new project., Good chance to plan for something in advance.  On June 16th, we will be pairing with Via Italian Table for a 5 course beer and pig roast.  Follow the link to order tickets,, null, null, This week we are releasing Red Tape Lager and our TrIPL(triple ipl).  Red Tape will be available on Wednesday in growlers and samples only.  The TrIPL will be availble in growlers on Wednesday and bottles will be released on Friday., null, Because of potential snow on Wednesday we will be opening on tomorrow, 11/25, from 12-8pm for growler and bottles sales.  There will be no pints or samples available on Tuesday.

In addition we will be open our normal hours of 12-8pm on Wednesday, Friday and Saturday. We will be closed on Thursday., null, Tap Attack at Plan B Stamford tonight! 9 Beers on tap and specialty apps., Thanks to Men's Journal for featuring Hoponius Union as one of the 100 Best Beers in the World!

http://www.mensjournal.com/expert-advice/the-100-best-beers-in-the-world-20141106/jacks-abby-hoponius-union, The Lager Ness Monster, our 15% Imperial Baltic Porter, comes out tomorrow. Brewery only., Countdown is on. 

In addition to the fixed dinner, walk-in's will be welcome to enjoy the beer/food pairings a la carte for $15 course., null, Milford folks, come by Plan B Milford tonight for some Lashes lager, Kiwi Rising, Smoke & Dagger Nitro & Cask conditioned Hoponius Union!, 1 in 7 men in the US will be diagnosed with prostate cancer in their lifetime. This #Movember, Jack's Abby Brewing will be raising vital funds and awareness for men’s health, especially prostate cancer and I want you to join my team. Join our team and together we'll change the face of men's health!

http://us.movember.com/mospace/1448526, null, Kiwi Rising being bottled today for its 12pm release., Just overheard an interesting argument going on between Jack and Sam about planning future specialties:

Sam: "I want you to brew something crazy using American craft flair"

Jack: "Do you really want me to?"

All I know now is that Jack is out back looking at our Bad Ideas Board, so this could get weird.  If you have any crazy beer idea you want to see, now is that time to suggest it., Kiwi Rising is being released at the brewery this Thursday, 10/30. American Brewed  will be onsite for the release to film for their upcoming pilot., Upcoming beers., null, Cherry Barrel Aged Berliner Lager now available at the brewery this week only., Lashes Hopbock Lager returns as our new seasonal. Available now at the brewery and soon to hit distro., Tomorrow we are releasing our Cherry Barrel Aged Berliner Lager.  It will be available to sample and in 32oz growlers., null, Brown Paper Ticket site is up and tickets are now available. RSVP for our pairing dinner with The Haven JPn
http://havenjacks.bpt.me/, Bottling a monster at 15%!  This Imperial Baltic Porter has been aging in bourbon barrels since spring.  It will be coming out in November, brewery only., One of our customers just brought in a great painting for us! Going up on the wall now., Kiwi Rising coming 10/31., This Wednesday, 10/15, we will be releasing our Cranberry Barrel Aged Berliner Lagers.  Since July. we have been aging our Berliner Lager in oak barrels with three different fruits.  The barrel aging allowed for the fruit and wild fermentation to add a new complexity to the beer.  The first release will be our cranberry version, which will be available in our tasting room for tastings and 32oz growlers., null, Bride Maker, 13% abv lager wine, now available in bottles and 5.5 oz snifters.  Only available at the brewery, no bottle limits., The Melting Pot in Framingham will be doing a Beer & Fondue special from 10/20-10/26., No medals this year but at least we are looking good., Getting ready for the award ceremony at GABF., Having a great time at Denver Beer Co pouring our smoked baltic porter collab, We are releasing Bride Maker next Wednesday, 10/8.  Named in honor of four weddings involving brewery staff, this is our 2nd take on a barrel aged lager wine.  This 13% abv beer was brewed last winter and has been aged in bourbon barrels.  While Bride Maker is the same style of beer as Baby Maker, the recipe was reworked.  The main difference is the use of Special B malt to give it more color and body as well as notes of caramel, toffee and dark fruits. We feel that Bride Maker is a sweeter, more well rounded take on the style., null, Come by the brewery tomorrow for the release of our Mom And Pop's Pumpkin Crop Lager.  This beer uses pumpkin and squash grown at Volante Farms in Needham, as well as a traditional fall spice blend.  Pumpkin Crop Lager will be available in growlers and on tap for pints and samples.  Bottles will be available only at the brewery, kegs will see normal distribution., null, null, Our Wet Hop Lager is being released at the brewery today.  It will be available for samples, pints and growlers.  This beer was made using locally grown hops that were picked at the brewery., We're thrilled Copper Legend is featured as one of the 8 Oktoberfest beers to drink right now on Coolmaterial.com

http://coolmaterial.com/home/drinks/8-oktoberfest-beers-you-should-drink-right-now/, null, This is the second year that we have teamed up with Volante Farms in Needham to prepare the pumpkins and squash for our Pumpkin Crop Lager.  This week, we spent two nights in their kitchen cutting, gutting, cooking and then pureeing pumpkins and five types of squash grown on the farm.  Once the puree was made, we used it directly in the kettle along with some seasonal spices to brew our 5.5% abv Pumpkin Crop Lager, which will be coming out in October., null, Pumpkins cooking up nicely at Volante Farms., Also adding a couple varieties of squash., Jake prepping pumpkins for our pumpkin beer., Check out our blog post for an update on our sour barrel aging projects., Come join us for some Sunday afternoon fun on the patio--Bourbon, Beer and Cigars., Tonight we will have 20+ beers on tap at The Ruck!, Come by Plan B Glastonbury tomorrow night for our You Don't Know Jack's tap takeover featuring 7 beers on tap and free apps. We hope to see you there!, We will be at the WZLX New England Craft Beer Festival on September 19th and 20th. If you would like to join, tickets can be purchased here: http://wzlx.cbslocal.com/craft-beer-festival/, Looking forward to seeing some of our friends in Western MA at The Foundry Northampton, 1 of 2 deliveries for the day., Cutting down more hops outside the brewery., Kettle starting to fill up with wort., Fresh wet hops in the hopback. We are brewing with these hops as they are being picked., Malting equipment at Valley Malt. We use some of their malt in all of our beers., Can't have a field trip at Valley Malt without a field., Field trip at Valley Malt today. This is their new floor malting room., null, This Saturday we are having our hop picking event at the brewery from 10am-2pm.  We need help picking all hops that we grow at the brewery, our parent's farm, as well as some from local farms.  These hops will be used for our Mom And Pop's Wet Hop Beer.

For those that do not know what a wet hop beer is, it is when you brew with hops the same day they are picked.  Once hops are picked, that either have to be brewed with that same day or dried and processed for later use.  We make use of our locally grown hops and will be brewing with them as they are picked.

There are a lot of hops to pick and we need your help!  Everyone that comes will get a certificate for a growler.  You can come anytime during the event for as short or long as want.  Every bit of help is appreciated., Upcoming release dates at the brewery., We'll be pouring at ShakesBeer this weekend along with 60 other breweries and local food vendors. Come check it out in Stratford, CT!, null, We make sure to write down all of our beer name ideas, especially the bad ones., Bottles are officially available in CT! Come by Total Wine in Norwalk from 4-7 for a tasting., Starting today bottles of  Hoponius Union, Leisure Time, Jabby Brau, Smoke & Dagger, Mass Rising and Copper Legend are available in CT!, We are very excited to be voted by readers of The Daily Meal as one of the 50 best craft breweries in America! , Serious Eats just picked Leisure Time Lager as a must try lager!, Ginger & Juice is still available at the brewery, more new beers soon., Join us tomorrow at The Stomping Ground in Putnam, CT for a tap takeover! Tap takeover starts at 4, live music at 9., null, We just found a necklace that fell to the floor in our tasting room.  If this is yours please call 508-872-0900., CT folks, come by the Ordinary tomorrow for a Jack's Abby tap takeover!, null, Come join us this Thursday for our 3rd Anniversary celebration at rail trail flatbread co. in Hudson.  We will have 20 beers on tap., Happy to announce that Framingham Lager raised $7500 for Framingham Downtown Renaissance., Today we are tapping our new Hopstitution, Aussie Rules.  All Australian hops were used in this beer, Topaz, Ella and Galaxy.  Aussie Rules will be available in bottles and growlers., We are releasing our Berliner Lager in our tasting room tomorrow, 7/17., Check out MAXIM Magazine for an article about us!, We have been nominated for The Daily Meal's vote for the best craft brewery in America!  Check our the article or go straight to the survey here: https://www.surveymonkey.com/s/bestbreweries2014, Bottles of PB&J and Cocoa-Nut Barrel Aged Framinghammer are being released at the brewery today!  No bottle limits., Come join us at The Tavern Framingham this Friday at 7pm for Framingham Night.  We will be serving Framingham Lager as well as Coffee, Vanilla, PB&J and Cocoa-Nut Barrel Aged Framinghammers.  Portion of proceeds raised will be donated to Framingham Downtown Renaissance., Big congrats to David Doucette @hivemindmead for winning our photo contest! He trekked his Framingham Lager while hiking through Franconia Notch, NH. #DrinkLager, Looks like everyone had a great 4th despite spotty weather. Keep the pics coming! #DrinkLager, Raising the Barstool wants YOU to #DrinkLager. Happy 4th!, null, Ready for the long holiday weekend? Jack's Abby wants to celebrate the 4th with you. Snap a pic of you enjoying some Jack's Abby lagers and post to Facebook, Twitter or Instagram using the hashtag #DrinkLager. Best pic wins a Jack's Abby Summer Pack (T-shirt, cooler and hat). 

Photo cred to Cliff Ashley for the sweet hammock beer holder!, It's July 4th on Friday and you should be drinking the most festive beer of them all- Framingham Lager. Locally sourced ingredients and 100% Made in the USA! Stop by to pick up your supply before you fire up your grills on Friday. We're open 12-8 today and tomorrow, closed Friday.  Saturday 12-5pm., null, null, null, We have bourbon barrels available for sale at the brewery for $50., Holiday hours for next week:

Wed 7/2: 12-8pm
Thu 7/3: 12-8pm
Fri 7/4: Closed
Sat 7/5: 12-5pm, Tomorrow is the release of Barrel Aged Framinghammer, Vanilla BA Framinghammer and Coffee BA Framinghammer.  No bottle limits.

For this release bottles will only be available at the brewery.  There will be a small of amount of draft that we will be saving for some events throughout the year., null, null, null, null, Regular, Coffee and Vanilla Barrel Aged Framinghammer variants are being released next Wednesday, 6/25.  These beers will be available at the brewery in bottles and on tap for samples and pints, no growlers.

Cocoa-Nut and PB&J will be released on July 9th, also in bottles and on tap., Framingham Lager t-shirts are in!, We are having four events this Thursday for our release into Connecticut.  Come try 6 of our beers on draft at The Cask Republic in Stamford or New Haven and at The Ginger Man in South Norwalk or Greenwich., null, 12 packs rolling off the bottling line., We will be having a release party for our Framingham Lager on June, 18th, at the British Beer Company in Framingham from We will be having a release party for our Framingham Lager on June, 18th, at the British Beer Company in Framingham from 6:30-9pm.

Framingham Lager is a traditional American style lager. We use 100% high quality, 2-row malt and 100% real hops. No adjuncts. Portion of proceeds are being donated to Framingham Downtown Renaissance., Little Jed and the Phat Daddies wrote a song about Jack's Abby!  Check out their webpage at: http://www.littlejed.com/, Some hops and spices after they were used in our hopback for Leisure Time Lager., Spices about to be used in our Leisure Time Lager., We will be having a release party for our Framingham Lager on June, 18th, at the British Beer Company in Framingham from 6:30-9pm.

Framingham Lager is a traditional American style lager. We use 100% high quality, 2-row malt and 100% real hops. No adjuncts. Portion of proceeds are being donated to Framingham Downtown Renaissance., Vote for your favorite local brewery!

http://boston.cityvoter.com/best/local-brewery/local-flavor/boston, We are teaming up with Chef Mark Goldberg for a beer dinner at PARK Restaurant and Bar in Harvard Square, Cambridge.

Tuesday, June 17th at 7:30pm
4 courses for $40 with 4 beers!

Please call 617-491-9851 for reservations.

Menu at: http://parkcambridge.com/events/?event_id=2799, We’ve been honored and humbled by the tremendous support that the community has shows us over the past three years.  To celebrate our third anniversary, we are brewing a special release in appreciation of all of our supporters and the Town of Framingham.  Framingham Lager will be released on June 18th.

Framingham Lager is a traditional American style lager.  We use 100% high quality, 2-row malt and 100% real hops.  No adjuncts.  Honest ingredients, traditionally brewed.

We will be donating a portion of Framingham Lager proceeds to the Framingham Downtown Renaissance, our partner in giving back to the community., Now Hiring

Part Time Summer Packaging Position:

1)      Expect to work 2-3 days most weeks, occasionally more or less.  Schedule is generally set in advance but will change week to week.

2)      Long physically demanding hours, primarily work involving the bottling line.

3)      Hot and humid summers, with loud noises and fast pace.

4)      Cleaning up will be the most important part of your day.

5)   This is an entry level packaging position with potential for full time employment starting in the fall.

 

If interested, please email jacksabbyjobs@gmail.com with Subject title “Packaging Position”, null, We will be mentioned on the new H2 show, hidden History In Your House.  Check it out tomorrow at 9pm., null, Tomorrow we are releasing our new Cherry Barrel-Aged Berliner Braun in our tasting room.  It will be available in bottles and on draft.  This beer is a darker and stronger version of a Berliner Weisse.  By implementing a sour mash procedure, an intense lactic and sour character emerges.  It was then aged in bourbon barrels with tart cherries., We are sponsoring the Local Music Awards which is taking place this Sunday.  , Norman Miller, The Beer Nut will be signing his new book in our tasting room tomorrow 5-7 pm., Jack’s Abby Brewing is in search of a Brewery Representative in MetroWest/Central Massachusetts. The ideal candidate will be team-centered, organized, personable, and skilled in time management. Responsibilities will include developing and maintaining relationships on an account level, while reflecting the values of Jack’s Abby. Applicants must have access to a personal vehicle. Industry experience is preferred, but not required.

Those interested should send a resume and cover letter to jacksabbyjobs@gmail.com.

Thanks!, Bottling our Leisure Time Lager today. Also releasing S' Mores & Dagger and Session Rye IPL today., Getting ready to put our Barrel Aged Cherry Berliner Braun into a brite tank., Hops at our brewery garden are coming in great!, We have three new beers being released on Wednesday!

Leisure Time Lager - Our summer wheat lager spiced with lemongrass, coriander, orange peel and chamomile.

Session Rye IPL - 3.8% ABV Rye IPL hopped with Centennial, Chinook, Columbus and Crystal.

S'Mores & Dagger - Smoke & Dagger aged with graham cracker crumbs, fluff and cocoa nibs., For the time being we have a working dater again!, The rerun of our BeerGeeks TV episode will be on in 15 minutes on ABC., Media Boss is here filming at the brewery., Molly may not be able to drink the beer yet, but she seems to enjoy the coasters., null, Putting together our new walk-in cooler., null, Our Maibock Hurts Like Helles is now available on tap at the brewery for pints and growlers and in bottles., null, Check out this article from Esquire!, Excited to have Sunny Ridge Pilsner named the #3 spring beer by Deadspin.

http://theconcourse.deadspin.com/spring-beers-ranked-1561715593, Saxonator just won bronze at the world beer cup!, Framinghammer won gold at the world beer cup!, null, Friday we will be tapping Hopstitution #3, made with Citra and Calypso. We are calling it Calyptra., We finished tallying the popular vote and Glazed Over won with Chupaca Brau coming in 2nd.  All four battle of the barrels beers are still available on tap and for growler fills this week., Thanks to everyone who came out tonight for Battle of the Barrels tonight, and a special thank you to all our judges. 

Tonight the Green Goose took the honors for best barrel beer by the judges. The vote is still out for the popular vote. There are three more days to get to the brewery to fill out your ballot. All beers are available for pints and growlers.

Prost!, Getting the voting cards ready for Battle of The Barrels on Wednesday and thought I would help everyone out., We are out of Chipotle Barrel Aged Framinghammer., We are teaming up with the Washington Square Tavern and local distiller Bully Boy on April 1st for a 7 course nose to tail, rooter to tooter dinner paired with signature cocktails and craft beer. Doors at 630...first course at 7.

http://hoochlageroink.bpt.me/, We split all the staff at the brewery into 4 teams, gave each team 2 barrels and $100 dollars to purchase any ingredients they wanted. On April 2nd at 6pm we will be tapping all 4 creations at the brewery. We will have a panel of judges to voice their opinions and everyone in attendance will be able to vote as well. There will be food available from a food truck outside the brewery.

Here are the four contestants:

Glazed Over -Smoked Marzen aged with Caramel, Salt and Fenugreek

Chupaca Brau - Jabby Brau aged with Tequila, Thai Chili Peppers, Galangal Root, Lemon Grass, Agave Nectar

Green Goose - Sunny Ridge aged with Cucumber, Green Tea, Lemongrass, Gooseberries

Sunny & Tonic - Sunny Ridge Pils aged with Gin Botanicals and Quinine, We will be attending Taste of Metrowest to defend our Best Beverage award from last year!, We have gone through about 50% of our PB&J BA Framinghammer.  There is plenty for now, but not sure if we will have any left on Saturday., Our Cascadian Shwarzbier is also being released in our tasting room today.  It will be available for distribution early next week., Tomorrow we are releasing our Peanut Butter & Jelly Barrel Aged Framinghammer.  This beer is our Framinghammer Baltic Porter aged in bourbon barrel with peanut butter and raspberries., Today we are tapping our Chipotle Barrel Aged Framinghammer. It will be available on tap for samples and snifters and in 32 oz growlers., We are now out of Cocoa-Nut and Vanilla Framinghammer at the brewery., There are about 2 kegs of Cocoa-Nut Framinghammer left. Will not last the day., Our four new 100 BBL tanks are now upright and in position.  Once they are plumbed our capacity will be approximately 18,000 BBLs., Join us on Saturday May 17th for an unbelievable total tap takeover with Tap and Mallet in Rochester! Sam will be at this event so don't miss it! Tentative draft list for that day includes 27 beers!, Getting 4 more 100bbl tanks delivered today.  Always surprised that the riggers are able to squeeze these tanks through our door., Today at noon we are releasing our Cocoa-Nut Barrel Aged Framinghammer.  For this beer we added Coconut and Cocoa Nibs to age with Framinghammer in bourbon barrels.  It will be available to sample and in 32 oz growlers.  Cost will be $16 a growler, 3 growler limit., Tonight at The Tip Tap Room at 6pm we will be tapping Regular, Coffee and Vanilla Barrel Aged Framinghammers., We currently have 3 bourbon barrels and 2 white wine barrels available.  The white wine barrels have a sour culture in them but do not currently hold liquid, would need to be re-hydrated to use., Tomorrow we are releasing our Barrel Aged Saxonator.  It will be available at the brewery in bottles and on draft for samples and snifters., We still have 8 bourbon barrels available for $50 for anyone that wants to pick one up., On Saturday we added tart cherries to the bourbon barrels we are aging our Berliner Braun in., We are selling some of our bourbon barrels that were used for Framinghammer.  They are $50 and available first come first serve at the brewery., Upcoming releases.  Three specialty BA Framinghammer variants that will be brewery only.  It will be available for samples, snifters and new half-growlers., The final ratebeer.com best of list is out.  We have been named one of the top 100 breweries in the world!, Sunny Ridge Pilsner is being released at the brewery today.  This is our new seasonal and will be available for distribution in 6-packs and draft shortly., Check out our blog for information on our Berliner Braun.  Small amount of the unaged version will be available at the brewery on Friday in bottles and on draft.  The rest of it is being aged in bourbon barrels with tart cherries., There is still Coffee and Vanilla Barrel Aged Framinghammer left. Bottle limit of 4 per variant., Ratebeer.com has released their best beers by style. Mass Rising, Hoponius Union and The ABCS won golds, Kiwi Rising and Cascadian Schwarzbier won silvers. 

http://www.ratebeer.com/RateBeerBest/ByStyle_012014.asp, Numb Swagger is going on tap today for pints, bottles available too.  Tomorrow we are tapping Hopsitution #2, made with Sorachi Ace and Wakatu hops., We are not selling any more snifter glassware until our next order arrives in about 2 weeks., We have finalized our plans for the remainder of the Coffee and Vanilla Framinghammer. Bottle limit is now 2 per variant. We will be releasing at noon today. There will be another release at 5pm on Friday. The remainder will be available on Saturday at noon.

For those looking to get the beer on Friday, Julio's Beer Shop is having their release at 5pm, Jack will be there to talk with anyone that has questions.  This is safer bet as quantity at the brewery will be very limited., Ratebeer has selected us as the best brewery in Massachusetts., Stop by our tasting room tonight at 5pm for a book signing of Beer Terrain by author Jonathan Cook., There will be a limited amount of Coffee and Vanilla Framinghammer available tomorrow.  We are saving the rest for Saturday when we open at noon.  For Saturday there will be a 2 bottle limit for each variant., Thank you to everyone that was at the brewery for our Coffee and Vanilla Barrel Aged Framinghammer release.  There were a lot of people, but everyone waited patiently and we were able to keep things moving quickly.  

For people inquiring if any is left, we are hopeful we can make it through the day.  We are also saving 10 cases of each variant for Saturday, for those that cannot make it today.  On Saturday there will be a 2 bottle per variant limit., GQ Magazine selected Jabby Brau as one of 7 Craft Beers for the Super Bowl!, We are releasing our Coffee and Vanilla Barrel Aged Framinghammer in our tasting room at noon on Wednesday.  6 bottles of each variant per person limit., We are open until 8pm tonight as part of our new tasting room hours. Wed-Sat 12-8pm. Come by and get some BA Framinghammer and Saxonator!, We are very excited to have Hoponius Union selected bu seriouseats.com!, Due to some last minute changes in the brewing schedule last week, we found ourselves with an unplanned opening in our tanks. Jack decided to use the chance to brew a braun lager using a sour mash. 

The result is a darker and stronger version of a Berliner Weisse. By implementing a sour mash procedure, an intense lactic and sour character emerges. Fruity citrusy dry and quite tart.

OG 13 ABV 5.5, We are open today from 12-8pm.  On draft:

Jabby Brau 
Hoponius Union 
Smoke & Dagger
Nitro Smoke & Dagger
Saxonator Dopplebock
Boston Steam Pie
Lashes Hopbock
Hopstitution
Mass Rising 

Available in bottles:
Kiwi Rising 
Barrel Aged Framinghammer
Framinghammer Baltic Porter 
Coffee Smoke & Dagger
Baby Maker
Jack's Evil Brew, null, The tasting room is open until 8pm tonight. If you are stopping by, be careful on the roads., Nice article about our bet with Left Hand on craftbeer.com, Bottles are starting to come off the line just in time to open in 15 minutes., We are starting to transfer our Barrel Aged Framinghammer from the barrels back into Frank (The Tank) so it can be carbonated and then bottled and released tomorrow., We are working on setting up a bet with Left Hand Brewing Company for Sunday's game.  The challenge has been accepted, just working on the stakes right now., Hours in our tasting room are now Wednesday - Saturday from 12-8pm.  With our new license you can now enjoy pints of beer in addition to growlers, bottles and sample racks., There is only a keg and half of both Kiwi Rising and Jack's Evil Brew left in our tasting room.  As soon as either kicks we will be tapping Saxonator.  Bottles will be available Wednesday., Big week in tasting room as we release three new beers.  On Wednesday we will be releasing Boston Steam Pie and Saxonator(bottles only initially).  Thursday will see the return of our Barrel Aged Framinghammer.  

Boston Steam Pie is a new brewery only beer that we will be serving on Nitro.  We've taken all the best flavors of a Boston Cream Pie by adding cocoa nibs, vanilla beans, and lactose milk sugar to our warm fermented California common(Steam Beer.), null, Join us for a beer dinner at Volante Farms, February, 27th.  The family style meal will include an appetizer, first course, main with side, and dessert. Each dish will also have a beer component in the ingredients.

Tickets available at: https://events.r20.constantcontact.com/register/eventReg?oeidk=a07e8kzlr6ae5e9555e&oseq=&c=&ch=, We just made a bet with Sun King Brewing Company from Indianapolis for tomorrow's game.  The loser is sending the other brewery a case of beer., Check out the menu for our beer dinner on Monday the 27th at Biltmore Bar and Grill.  Call them at 617-527-2550 for reservations., First 1/2 pint of beer served in the tasting room!, The Copper Legend came through with some awesome sampler racks!, Nice article in MetroWest Daily News about our new tasting room., We are having a beer dinner at Biltmore Bar and Grill on Monday, Januaury 27th.  Check out their page for more information., This year's Barrel Aged Framinghammer is being released on January 16th in our tap room.  It will be available in bottles as well as on draft.  The coffee and vanilla varieties are not included in this release, they are still aging and will be ready 1-2 weeks later., Our tasting room is open 12-7pm today., Happy New Years!  The tasting room is open 12-5pm today., Good thing we remembered to order the new glassware! We will be serving pints in our tasting room starting January 9th., We just picked up our finalized Pouring Permit.  This will allow us to serve pints from our tasting room.  The first day we will be pouring pints is Thursday the 9th.  Initially, we will be keeping our normal hours, but we will be extending them soon., Bottling Mass Rising into 12oz 4-packs. These and growlers available in tasting room tomorrow., We have the members of Killswitch Engage making a video at the brewery., We are extending hours in the tasting room for the weeks of Christmas and New Years, 12/23 - 1/4.

Mon: 12-7pm
Tue: 12-5pm
Wed: Closed
Thu: 12-7pm
Fri 12-7pm
Sat: 12-5pm, Chef Michael Leviton from lumiere the restaurantand Area Four was on CBS This Morning today. He paired Hoponius Union with roasted duck on national TV! 

http://www.cbsnews.com/news/chef-michael-levitons-roasted-duck-on-the-dish/, Looking for holiday gifts? Stop by the brewery or shop online for tees, hats, bottle openers, tap handles and more. Support Frequent Growler Card fanatics with a gift certificate!, More good news!  Tomorrow we will be releasing our collaboration with Evil Twin at the brewery.  We are calling this schwarzbier, "Jack's Evil Brew"

This black lager blends various roasted and dark crystal malts. Aromas of chocolate, coffee, and a subtle nuttiness dominate this sweet full bodied lager.  Brown Malt and Chocolate Wheat Malt were specially sourced for this beer from Valley Malt. Enjoy!, On a more positive note, we just finalized ordering 4 more 100bbl tanks, which will be installed in a few months. A lost batch of beer is only a small setback as we continue to increase production., Early this morning a gasket failed on a tank of Jabby Brau, that was to be bottled this morning, and we lost the entire batch.  We have enough inventory of kegs that we should not run out of stock, but we will be out of bottles until the beginning of January., Framinghammer and Hopstitution are being released in our tasting room today.  Framinghammer will be bottles only today, with growlers starting tomorrow.  Hopstitution is growlers only., This week we will be on BeerGeeks TV!  Check out their webpage for a preview clip!
http://beergeeks.tv/, Framinghammer all barrelled up on the left. Barrels on the right are our sours., Join us at The Tavern Framingham on December 5th starting at 7:30pm. We will be celebrating the end of Movember with a silent auction for the right to buzz off our moustaches. We will also be releasing our Framinghammer Baltic Porter. Come join us as we say farewell to our staches. , Come join Jack's Abby at Olde Magoun's Saloon on December 6th from 8-10:30 PM. $3 from each select Jack's Abby draft purchase will be donated to Movember, to support men's health programs that combat prostate and testicular cancer. , Filling barrels of Framinghammer today.  Using Four Roses barrels this year., So we made a mistake and Hop Swap is already a beer name.  Instead, our new XPL(Extra Pale Lager) will be known as Hopstitution., Upcoming releases., Thanksgiving Week Hours:

Monday 11/25: 12-7pm
Tuesday 11/26: 12-7pm
Wednesday 11/27: 11-7pm
Thursday 11/28: Closed
Friday 11/29: 12-7pm, Tours On The Hour
Saturday 11/30: 12-5pm, Tours On The Hour, This past week we were honored to be selected by the MetroWest Chamber of Commerce as the Small Business of the Year., There are a few cases of Pork & Dagger left that will be available on Thursday., In 30 minutes we are releasing Pork & Dagger at the brewery.  Smoked & Dagger aged in bourbon barrels with bacon., null, Join us for a beer dinner at The Boynton on December 10th at 6pm. Tickets are $50 and include tax and gratuity and are available directly from The Boynton. Check out event details for menu and beer pairings., Installing the first part of our new bar., Thanksgiving Growler Pre-Orders:

For those who are in a rush, we will be accepting pre-orders for growlers during Thanksgiving week.  If you would like to place an order, email info@jacksabbybrewing.com with the subject 'Thanksgiving Pre-order".  Leave your name, your growler order and when you will come to pick them up., Thanksgiving Week Hours:

    Monday 11/25: 12-7pm
    Tuesday 11/26: 12-7pm
    Wednesday 11/27: 11-7pm
    Thursday 11/28: Closed
    Friday 11/29: 12-7pm, Tours On The Hour
    Saturday 11/30: 12-5pm, Tours On The Hour, Join us at The Tavern Framingham on December 5th starting at 7:30pm.  We will be celebrating the end of Movember with a silent auction for the right to buzz off our moustaches.  We will also be releasing our Framinghammer Baltic Porter.  Come join us as we say farewell to our staches.  , If you enjoy craft beer, support House Bill 267 to fix outdated distribution laws., This Thursday we will have bottles of Barrel Aged Smoke & Dagger with coconut and almonds. This beer was the running up from our Battle Of The Barrels. It is Smoke & Dagger aged in bourbon barrels with ground coconut and almonds., Come join us for a mini pub crawl featuring Kiwi Rising.  

Itinerary:
Stoddards: 6:15-7:30
Poe's Tip Tap Room: 7:45-9
Kinsale: 9 on, null, Movember is here!  Join the Jack's Abby team and start showing off your mustache to raise awareness for men's health.

https://www.movember.com/us/register/?teamid=1087573, null, Kiwi Rising will be available at the brewery tomorrow at noon for growlers and bottles., This Thursday, 10/31, we will be releasing Kiwi Rising at the brewery. This Double India Pale Lager uses over four pounds of New Zealand hops per barrel, which are added throughout the brewing process in progressively larger amounts. Four kettle hop additions, whole leaf hops in the hop back, and multiple dry hop additions infuse an intense floral and citrusy aroma. For this release we will be opening the tasting room early at noon for growler fills and bottles., How did I miss Triumph The Insult Comic Dog at GABF?, The Baby Maker no longer has a bottle limit.  Now that everyone has gotten a chance and we still have a good supply left, we are getting rid of the bottle limit., We are starting up our Movember team. Last year we all grew our 'staches and raised $5,462. The money goes to raise awareness and provide research for men's health issue. Not being able to grow a good Mo is no excuse!  Join us and help make our movember team a bigger success than last year!

Register and join our team at: http://moteam.co/jack-s-abby, Check out our blog for more information about how we made a 14% lager., Baby Maker, our 14% golden lager, aged in Framinghammer barrels for 9 months,  will be available tomorrow. $15 a bottle or $25 for 2.  This is brewery only except for a  couple cases going to Gordon's, as they provided one of the barrels.  Limit of 6 bottles per person., Come join us for a great beer dinner at Posto on Tuesday, October 15th, at 6:30 pm. We are working them to pair 5 courses with 5 of our beers. Call them at 617-625-0600 to place a reservation. Check out the event details for the menu!, Mass Rising just won gold at GABF for Strong Lager, GABF award ceremony is starting., Last keg of Pilsner and Copper Legend on Tap in the tasting room.

Also available:
Pumpkin Crop
Mass Rising
Coffee Smoke
Jabby Brau
Hoponius 
Smoke and Dagger 
Wet Hop Lager, Saturday, October 19th, from 7-9pm we will be having a tour and tasting at the brewery to raise money for the Framingham Public Library. Tickets are available at the library now and will be at the brewery the night of the event., Come join us for a great beer dinner at Posto on Tuesday, October 15th, at 6:30 pm. We are working them to pair 5 courses with 5 of our beers. Call them at 617-625-0600 to place a reservation.  Check out the event details for the menu!, We will have bottles and growlers of our Mom and Pop’s Pumpkin Crop Lager available this Friday.  This beer features pumpkins grown locally and prepared at Volante Farms in Needham. Perfect for the fall season, a blend of autumnal spices complements an intense pumpkin flavor. Pumpkin Crop Lager uses 100% locally sourced ingredients., Filling up the Hop Back., Brewing more Kiwi Rising., Today, while brewing Kiwi Rising, a truck hit a power line down the road and we lost all power for several hours.  As a result we had to dump an entire batch of Kiwi Rising down the drain.  There will still be a lot of Kiwi Rising as there are several other batches planned, and we are doing everything we can to try to source more New Zealand hops to replace the lost batch., Filling more red wine barrels with a  red lager to be soured., Join us at brasserie 28 as top chefs compete to create the ultimate original sausage to be paired perfectly with our beer.

In lieu of purchasing an event ticket, invited guests are encouraged to make a donation to The Greater Boston Food Bank.

Sunday, October 6th from 2:00pm-6:00pm.
brasserie 28 at located at 2 Elm Square Andover, MA 01810, Congratulations to Jack and Abby and their daughter, Molly, who was born this morning., All the new tanks are in place and starting to get plumbed., Come to the brewery for samples, growlers and bottles of Mom And Pop's Wet Hop Lager., Last four tanks for our current expansion are here., Join us at brasserie 28 on Sunday, October 6th from 2:00pm-6:00pm, as top chefs compete to create the ultimate original sausage to be paired perfectly with a delicious Jack's Abby Lager.

In lieu of purchasing an event ticket, invited guests are encouraged to make a donation to The Greater Boston Food Bank.  http://gbfb.org/events/oktoberfest.php for more info, Coming soon., Barrels are now full and ready to start aging., Last night Framingham’s Board of Selectman approved our Farmer Series Pouring Permit.  This license will allow us to serve up to 16oz pours of beer through our tasting room.  Now that the town has approved us, the state still needs to finalize the license.  If all goes well, we will be looking to re-tool our tasting room sometime this fall and start selling full pours of beer.  There is a lot of work that still needs to be done, so we will keep you posted as things progress., Filling red wine barrels a 5.5% golden lager to be soured., We are very excited to be selected as Massachusett's best craft brewery by thrillist.com, Come down this Friday to Blue Monk in Buffalo for a release event. Five beers on tap., Beer is on its way to New York, This Friday at 6pm we will be launching Jack's Abby into New York at The Old Toad in Rochester.  We will have Hoponius Union, Mass Rising, Jabby Brau and Copper Legend on tap., null, Mass Rising, our DIPL based off of our 2nd Anniversary Lager, is available at the brewery for bottles and growlers fills., Time to puree the pumpkins at Volante Farms, null, null, Scooping out pumpkins at Volante Farms, null, Starting to cut up pumpkins for our Mom and Pops Pumpkin Lager, null, Look what showed up today., We bottles Numb Swagger today and will be releasing it at the brewery tomorrow., Check out our list of upcoming beers slated through November., null, The copper legend putting the finishing touches on our new chiller. New tanks online soon., Our pro-am pils, made with Alex Corona, is being released today., Our new bottling line in action!, Smoke & Dagger fresh off the line., New bottling line at work., Running our new bottling line for the first time., Josh, one of our former employees, dropped off soap made with Smoke & Dagger., null, The winner of our battle of the barrel is coming back soon., Just got in 50 red wine barrels. Time to sour some beer!, Unfortunately the new Hendler Hop Farm in Connecticut had a very poor crop in its first year. We are very grateful to Tim, Rachel, Eden and Tanis who bought the original hop farm in Vermont for graciously allowing us to harvest some of their hops for this years Wet Hop brew.
Thanks!, Picking some more hops at Four Star Farms., Freshly picked wet hops about to be put into the brew., Picking hops at the brewery., Hops cut down and ready to be picked!!!, http://www.metrowestdailynews.com/news/x511616258/Jacks-Abby-in-Framingham-brews-up-a-big-expansion#thecomments, null, Lifting our new brite tank., Our loading dock is busy today. New chiller to keep the new tanks cold., Did I say an inch of clearance?, Always fun to get a tank in with about an inch of clearance, Great start to the day., Our new bottling line showed up today!  There is still a lot of work to do to get it running but we are very excited right now., We need help picking fresh hops on Saturday, August 24th, starting at 10am. We will be brewing our Wet Hop Lager that day, which requires hops that are picked the same day. All the hops that we will be picking were grown locally. There will be some giveaways for people that come help out., null, This Friday we are releasing bottles of Coffee Smoke & Dagger made with a special roast from Red Barn.  If you enjoy the coffee flavor, we will also be selling bags of this roast.  You will be able to find this beer and the roast at the brewery and at Volante Farms in Needham., Join us for a fun summer social. We are partnering with Blue Ginger to pair our beers with some of Ming's East West tapas.

Coffee Crusted Lamb Loin with Cranberry Chutney
Coffee Smoke and Dagger

Seared Scallop with Grapefruit, Pineapple and Citrus Butter Emulsion
Hoponius Union

Fried Quail with Coriander, Orange and Herbs
Jabby Brau

Herb-Mustard Crusted Wild Boar with Chimichurri
Anniversary Lager

Wasik's Cheese
Smoke and Dagger

Blue Ginger Dessert
Smoked Maple Lager, http://www.boston.com/lifestyle/food/2013/08/02/the-most-important-new-ish-breweries-new-england/jwk03uLvJLoKjexSIv50HN/story.html?pg=2, We are releasing Fire In The Ham, our Rauchbier, at the brewery today. It is available in bottles and growlers., BA Smoke Maple Lager and 2012 Framinghammer still on tap today and Friday!

Fire in the Ham will be released on Saturday:

Caution! This is an intensely smokey lager similar to those found in Bamberg, Germany. Most of this brew's malt was dried over flaming beechwood, which ingrains unique smokey flavors. Aromas of campfires, smoked ham, and bacon dominate a soft malt and hop backbone. Although hard to believe, this beer is vegan friendly., Join us this Friday at Sunset Grill & Tap for our final 2nd Anniversary event.  We will have 17 beers on tap: 

Sunset Golden Wheat Lager
Framinghammer 2012 and 2013
Sour Time Lager
Bourbon Barrel Aged Framinghammer
Coffee Smoke & Dagger
The ABCs Double India Pale Lager
Cascadian Schwarzbier
Bourbon Barrel Aged Smoked Maple Lager
Maibock Hurts Like Helles
Jabby Brau
Smoke & Dagger
Hoponius Union
2nd Anniversary Lager
Leisure Time Lager
Smoked Maple Lager
Private Rye, We will be releasing our last 20 cases of Sour Time Lager tomorrow., null, Come join us tomorrow for our 2nd Anniversary celebration at the Framingham British Beer Company.  The night starts at 6pm and continues until closing.

Taplist:
Jabby Brau
Nitro Smoke & Dagger
Hoponius Union
2nd Anniversary
Smoked Maple Lager
Coffee Smoke & Dagger
Private Rye
Maibock
Cascadian Schwarzbier
Framinghammer
Barrel Aged Framinghammer
Sour Time Lager, Vote for your favorite local brewery., Special Growler Fills for our 2nd Anniversary at the Brewery
Thursday 7/18: The ABCS
Friday: Maibock, Cascadian Schwarzbier
Saturday: Framinghammer 2012, Framinghammer 2013, Barrel Aged Framinghammer and Barred Aged Smoked Maple Lager, We have finalized our taplist for our 2nd Anniversary Celebration next Friday at Sunset Grill.

Taplist:
    Sunset Golden Wheat Lager
    Framinghammer 2012 and 2013
    Sour Time Lager
    Bourbon Barrel Aged Framinghammer
    Coffee Smoke & Dagger
    The ABCs Double India Pale Lager
    Cascadian Schwarzbier
    Bourbon Barrel Aged Smoked Maple Lager
    Maibock Hurts Like Helles
    Jabby Brau
    Smoke & Dagger
    Hoponius Union
    2nd Anniversary Lager
    Leisure Time Lager
    Smoked Maple Lager
    Private Rye, Come to our 2nd Anniversary Celebration this Thursday, 6pm at the Framingham British Beer Company.  We will have 12 beers available:

Jabby Brau
Nitro Smoke & Dagger
Hoponius Union
2nd Anniversary
Smoked Maple Lager
Coffee Smoke & Dagger
Private Rye
Maibock
Cascadian Schwarzbier
Framinghammer
Barrel Aged Framinghammer
Sour Time Lager, We will be releasing bottles of our Sour Time Lager this Thursday.  This beer is last year's Leisure Time Lager that has been aging in white wine barrels with Lactobacillus and Brettanomyces.  We will be releasing 20 cases on Thursday and another 20 cases on Friday.  Bottle limit of 6 per person., We have two different versions of our Coffee Smoke & Dagger that are available for tasting and growlers fills starting today.  Each one uses a different roast from Red Barn.  Come tell us which one you prefer us to keep making!, null, Tap list for our 2nd Anniversary Celebration on July, 18th at the Framingham British Beer Company.

Framinghammer
Barrel Aged Framinghammer
Sour Time Lager
Jabby Brau
Nitro Smoke & Dagger
Hoponius Union
2nd Anniversary
Smoked Maple Lager
Coffee Smoke & Dagger
Private Rye
Maibock
Cascadian Schwarzbier, This Friday in our tasting room we will have two versions of Coffee Smoke & Dagger using different roasts from Red Barn.  Come and lets us know which version you prefer as we plan to make Coffee Smoke & Dagger more often., Dividing wall is going up today. Concrete has already been poured around the the new trench drains. The expansion space is coming together., Looks like Deadspin used a picture of our Leisure Time Lager in their ranking of 'cheap' American beers, though we are not mentioned in the article., Today our tasting room is open from 12-7pm. Come fill some growlers before heading out for you vacation!, null, null, We are adding extra tasting room hours for the week of July 4th:

    Monday July 1st: 12-5pm
    Tuesday July 2nd: 12-5pm
    Wednesday July 3rd: 12-7pm
    Thursday July 4th: Closed
    Friday July 5th: 12-5pm
    Saturday July 6th: 12-5pm, For anyone that uses Untappd you can now follow Jack's Abby at https://untappd.com/JacksAbbyBrewing, Beer Labels in Motion has animated our Private Rye label.  Check out some of the other labels on their page, they are all great., We are bottling our 2nd anniversary beer today, a Double India Pale Lager with Mosaic, Amarillo, Apollo, Citra, Calypso and Simcoe hops. It will be available at the brewery this Thursday, at 3pm., We have a special release at the brewery today.  Our cousin is getting married this weekend and we brewed a special version of Leisure Time Lager with Ginger and Grapefruit Juice for the occasion.  We have an extra 10 cases that will be available at the brewery today for $5 a bottle., We sponsored one of our brewers for Tough Mudder last weekend., Today we are releasing our Golden Sunset Biere de Garde, a warm fermented wheat lager. Brewed with cardamon, lemon peel, and pink peppercorn., Jack just sampled our new upcoming Double India Pale Lager from the tank and proclaimed, "People that like Kiwi Rising are going to lose their pants over this.", Due to construction going on at the brewery we will be stopping tours after 6/15 until work is done., This Saturday we will be at the Three Penny Taproom for our 3rd and final event with Lawson's Finest., null, null, Jabby Brau made Brooklyn Brewshop's top 5 session beers!, Just picked up the keys to the adjacent section of our building, which doubles our space.  Lot of work to do until it is usable, can't wait to get started!, Hide from the rain at out Lager Cask Event at The Tavern in Framingham today. http://jacksabbybrewing.com/blog/one-mission/, There will be two different casks of Hoponius Union at our 2nd Annual Lager Cask Fundraiser.  One is dry hopped with Lemondrop hops and the other with Bravo hops.  Follow the link for a full cask list and to get tickets.

http://jacksabbybrewing.com/blog/one-mission/, We are sold out of tonight's session to our Lager Cask Fundraiser.  There will be a limited amount of spots open for walk-ins but they will be limited by capacity.  There are still spots available for both sessions tomorrow.  Get tickets at: http://jacksabbybrewing.com/blog/one-mission/, Follow the link and vote for us if you want to see Jack's Abby on tap at 2 Ovens in Shrewsbury!, The structure that will be holding all the casks for our Lager Cask Fundraiser are up!  Sessions are tomorrow and Saturday.  Tickets are $10 now, and $15 at the door.  To get your tickets go to: http://jacksabbybrewing.com/blog/one-mission/, Our Smoked Maple Lager collaboration with Lawson's Finest Liquids will be available at the brewery tomorrow at 3pm.

All the malt for this beer was sourced from Valley Malt, who used hand-sourced Maple Wood to smoke some of it. The maple character comes from using one gallon of maple syrup for each barrel of beer. It’s rounded out with the addition of lactose sugar and brown malt., In honor of the release of our Smoked Maple Lager collaboration with Lawson's Finest we have arranged a tap takeover at The Dirty Truth this Saturday.  All of our current beers will be on draft as well as Chinooker'd IPA, Maple Nipple Ale and Double Sunshine IPA from Lawson's Finest., We will be releasing our Lawson's Finest Collaboration beer at the Dive Bar in Worcester on 5/16.  In addition to our collab we will have some of our own beers and Lawson's Finest will be pouring draft of Chinooker IPA, Maple Nipple Ale and Fayston Maple Imperial Stout., We will have 24 different lagers from 16 different breweries served on cask at our 2nd Annual Lager Cask Fundraiser.  100% of proceeds are being donated to One Mission, a childhood cancer foundation dedicated to enhancing the lives of pediatric cancer patients and their families.  Follow the link to get your tickets!

http://jacksabbybrewing.com/blog/one-mission/, Filming beer and food pairings at Stone's Public House for Beer Geeks TV., We are brewing our anniversary beer today, a Double India Pale Lager with Mosaic, Amarillo, Apollo, Citra, Calypso and Simcoe hops., Beer Geeks TV is filming an episode at the brewery today.  We are brewing our anniversary beer, a new Double India Pale Lager.  They will also be filming in the tasting room so if you stop by you might end up on TV., BeerGeeks TV Happy to announce the film crew is in Framingham to shoot an episode of Beer Geeks!, We need 1 or 2 people that want to play softball tonight at 6pm at Buttersworth Park, about a mile from the brewery.  This is a very non-competitive game and is coed.  If you want to play and can make it let us know., We have confirmed that Schlenkerla will be sending a cask to our 2nd Annual Lager Cask Fundraiser for One Mission. 

Tickets available at: http://jacksabbybrewing.com/blog/one-mission/, Tickets to all three sessions of our Lager Cask Fundraiser are now available on our webpage. NERAX will be helping us pour 24 different lager casks from 15+ breweries.

http://jacksabbybrewing.com/blog/one-mission/, The excitement and energy surrounding the Barrel Aged Vanilla and Coffee Framinghammer release was shocking.  This was only meant to be a fun side project with our partner, Julio’s Liquors, who provided us with some extra bourbon barrels.

We were seriously caught off guard by the demand for these beers.  We apologize to anyone who was unable to purchase this beer at the brewery.  Due to the demand for these beers, we are planning to have a much larger batch out by the end of the year, so everyone will have a chance to try some., We have Hoponius Union that was bottled today for sale at the brewery.  We also have our new summer seasonal, Leisure Time Lager, that was bottled this week., If you are looking for our Vanilla or Coffee BA Framinghammer we are pretty much out at the brewery.  However, Julio's will have both available tomorrow at 1pm., null, null, null, We are having a beer dinner at Cambridge Common on the 8th.  Go to http://www.brownpapertickets.com/event/373370 for tickets.  

The Jack's Abby Dinner Menu:
WELCOME BREW: Jack's Abby Hoponius Union

APPETIZER
Roasted Pork Tacos
paired with: Jack's Abby Private Rye Biere de Garde

DINNER CHOICES
BBQ Half Chicken
paired with: Jack's Abby Smoke & Dagger

Swordfish Skewers
paired with: Jack's Abby The ABCS

Nicoise Salad with Seared Lentil Cakes (vegetarian)
paired with: Jack's Abby Jabby Brau

DESSERT
Mango Cheesecake
Paired with: Jack's Abby Maibock Hurts Like Helles , Leisure Time Lager, our summer wheat beer with lemongrass, coriander, orange peel and chamomile, will be available at the brewery tomorrow.  It will be on draft and available in 4-packs outside the brewery soon., Bottles of our Vanilla and Coffee Framinghammer will be available at the brewery tomorrow.  We will also be having a special release event at Julio's on Saturday from 1-3pm where you can try all four Framinghammer variants., You can now get tickets for the 2nd Annual Lager Cask Fundraiser for One Mission.  Follow the link below for more information and tickets., Today we are brewing our smoked maple lager, which is a collaboration with Lawson's Finest Liquids out of Warren, Vermont.  When it is ready it will be available in MA and VT in bottles and draft.  All the malt used came from Valley Malt and we used maple wood from Sean's property to smoke it., Tasting Room News:

6 beers on tap. Likely the last weekend with Cascadian Schwartbier available.

Jabby Brau
Smoke & Dagger
Hoponius Union
Private Rye
Cascadian Schwartbier
The ABCS

*No more Barrel Aged Framinghammer. Next week we'll release Barrel Aged Coffee Framinghammer as well as Barrel Aged Vanilla Framinghammer., Check out our newly redesigned website.
http://jacksabbybrewing.com/

Thank you nurenu!, We're excited to announce that we won the 2013 Beer Wars! Thanks to McCormick and Schmick's, to all those who attended this year's dinners, and to the other 31 brewers who participated this year. We had a great time participating and enjoying many beer and food pairings.

You will now find two of our beers on tap and three in bottles available when you head into McCormick and Schmick's at Faneuil Hall!, null, I still cannot believe the outpouring of support we received for this event. The event was thrown together in less than 24 hours and we managed to get 25 breweries to donate beer. 

I think it is safe to say that last night was also the first time there was ever a line outside The Tavern, I hope no one had to wait too long. We will be putting together a more formal thank you soon, as so many people stepped up last night.

We raised over $8,800 last night for The One Fund., This fundraiser is shaping up to be something incredible. I know we have all been trying to figure out what we can do to help the victims recover, but when we started planning this yesterday around noon, we could not even have imagined how many people would step up to make this happen.

Not only is the current list of breweries at 21(unless I am missing some more) but stores and individuals have stepped up to make donations to put this all together.

I hope to see many of you at The Tavern today., Redstone Liquors donation to raffle at our fundraiser tomorrow at The Tavern Framingham., There will be a fundraiser tomorrow for victims at the Boston Marathon.  It will be at The Tavern Framingham tomorrow from 3pm until closing.  A bunch of breweries are getting involved to donate all the beer to raise money.  Big thanks to Three Tides & Marshall Wharf Brewing Company, Ipswich Ale Brewery, Tree House Brewing Co., LLC, and Clown Shoes Beer for already supporting the event.  We hope to confirm more breweries shortly.

Please help us spread the word!, Harpoon Brewery and Cape Cod Beer are the latest additions to our Lager Cask Fundraiser., We have 8 beers available at the brewery this weekend:

    ‘Maibock’ Hurts Like Helles
    ‘The ABCS’ Double India Pale Lager
    Cascadian Schwarzbier
    Bourbon Barrel Aged Framinghammer
    Private Rye Biere De Garde
    ‘Jabby Brau’ Session Lager
    ‘Smoke & Dagger’ Black Lager
    ‘Hoponius Union’ India Pale Lager, We have added Thomas Hooker Brewery to our Lager Cask Event.  Only a few more spots left!, null, We are really excited to have advanced to the finals of Beer Wars at McCormick & Schmick's.  We will be facing North Coast Brewing Company.  The final beer dinner will be on April 19th at 7:30 pm.  Call  617-720-5522 to make a reservation., Newest addition to our lager cask line-up, Blue Point Brewing!  , ABCS ON TAP FOR GROWLER FILLS NOW!!, We will have bottles of The ABCS available in our tasting room tomorrow, growlers and tastings will start on Friday.  We also still have bottles of our Barrel Aged Framinghammer., We have added Watch City Brewing Company's 'Bitchloden Wheat Lager' to our cask list!, We have added Notch Session Pils to the beer list!, We are in the process of installing a silo at the brewery to store grain.  Been a bit of a project coordinating everything with the weather recently, but it is finally getting done., We are releasing our Bourbon Barrel Aged Framinghammer in our tasting room today.  It should hit distribution next week., Just confirmed that Left Hand Brewing will be sending their Polestar Pilsner!, Racking our Bourbon Barrel Aged Framinghammer Baltic Porter into our brite tank to be carbonated.  We will be packaging it next week., The Bourbon Barrel Aged Framinghammer Baltic Porter is being bottled next Monday, so it will be available at the brewery next week., It is looking like the snow is going to keep up this afternoon so we will not be opening the tasting room today., We are doing a beer dinner at Prezo Grill & Bar Thursday, March 21st at 6:30pm.  Call 508-634-0101 to reserve your seat! Check out the event page for menu and beer pairings., New addition to the beer list:  Berkshire Brewing Company Czech Pilsner, This weekend will be the last one to get Barrel Aged Lashes and Saxonator in the tasting room., We are brainstorming ideas for what to add to a cask of Jabby Brau for the Extreme Beer Fest.  We are thinking of trying a peanut butter, bacon and banana Jabby cask., We just added Pretty Things Beer & Ale Project's American Darling to the event list!, http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hzMvk0jNEY4&, Last week we had Drink Craft Beer help us brew our new Double India Pale Lager, The ABCS.  They wrote a great account of their experience.

http://drinkcraftbeer.com/editorial/articles/drink-craft-beer-jack-s-abby-brewing-springfest-beer.html, We just confirmed that Tap Brewing Company will be sending a cask., null, null, We are getting ready for our 2nd annual Lager Cask Fundraiser at The Tavern. 100% of proceeds go to One Mission to fund the care and research to help kids beat cancer. This year we will have 24 lager casks available over three sessions. NERAX will be helping us manage and serve the casks.

Tickets will be $10 ahead of time or $15 at the door and includes a souvenir glass. Beers will be $5 for a pint and $2.50 for a 6oz pour.

We will update when tickets become available and as we fill out confirmed beers.

Confirmed Beers:
Jack's Abby(various)
Mahr's Bock
Mahr's Ungespundet-Hefetrüb, We are tapping on of our side projects in the tasting room right now. Bourbon Barrel Aged Lashes Hopbock., Our Cascadian Schwartzbier is now available at the brewery for tastings and growler fills.  Bottles to come next week., null, We have Drink Craft Beer here today to help us brew our new Double India Pale Lager, The ABCS, which will be the feature beer at their Springfest., null, null, Jack promises that our boiler was recently serviced and exceeds all safety requirements., We will be holding a craft beer tasting with the Boston Marathon MS team to raise money for the National Multiple Sclerosis Society. There will be guest speakers as well as a guided tasting of our beers.

Contact Julie Tambascio at jtambascio@verizon.net to purchase tickets., null, This Thursday and Friday we are brewing our new Double India Pale Lager, The ABCs.  The hops are Apollo, Bravo, Calypso and Simcoe.  This beer will be the official Drink Craft Beer Springfest beer.  The guys from Drink Craft Beer will be coming to the brewery to help out on brew day., Check out our new blog for information on our new seasonal, Private Rye Biere De Garde., We are excited to announce that our new Double India Pale Lager will be the official Drink Craft Beer Springfest beer.  We are calling it 'The ABCs' as the hops are Apollo, Bravo, Calypso and Simcoe.  , We just installed a bottle dater.  Today's bottling of a full 40bbl tank of Hoponius Union will be the first batch to have every bottle dated., We will be open until 3 this afternoon. If you are coming, please drive safe., We will be opening today at 12pm for growler fills. We will be closing as soon as the snow becomes serious., We will be opening today, but once the snow gets going hard we will be closing early., Find us on tap at Uno's in Framingham!, Framinghammer Baltic Porter will be available for tasting and growler fills at the brewery tomorrow., Check out Ratebeers Best By Style 2013.  Jabby Brau got gold for Premium Lager.  Kiwi Rising and Hoponius Union took golds in Strong Pale Lager/Imperial Pils.  Finally, Cascadian Schwartzbier took a bronze for Schwartzbier., We had a great time with Battle Of The Barrels last night at the British Beer Company.  Everyone that came got to vote for their favorite and then we had a panel of 4 judges make a decision.  Almond Joy won the popular vote but Numb Swagger took home all 4 judge's picks.  

This weekend, while supplies last, you can come to the brewery and try all 4 barrels and cast your own vote., null, null, null, We submitted Hoponius Union to Brew Bowl I.  It is a fun project to pit beers from the states of NFL playoff teams.  Check tomorrow for the next round., If you missed last night's podcast we announced two new projects.  We are currently working with Lawson’s Finest Liquids and DC Brau to release two collaboration beers in the coming months.  The beer with Lawson’s will be part of our Mom and Pop’s Harvest Series, featuring maple sapped from trees on our family farm in Vermont and grain from Valley Malt.  

It is too early to give many details on the second collaboration with DC Brau, but it is being made specially for the American Craft Beer Festival.  We are very excited about these two projects and will be releasing more information when available., Its time for our Battle Of The Barrels competition at British Beer Company in Framingham, Wednesday Jan 30th, at 6pm!  Last month Jack, his two assistant brewers, Mike and Matt, and Dan Eng from Barleycorn’s, all were tasked with aging Smoke & Dagger in a wood barrel.  They each had a $40 budget to buy any ingredients they wanted to add to the barrel.  Try all four and vote for a winner!

The four barrels are:

    Szechuan pepper
    Almond and ground coconut
    Maple bacon, maple syrup, and bourbon
    Cranberry, ginger, pistachio, cherrywood smoked malt, chocolate, and coffee, Jack is going to be on the Seacost Beverage Lab podcast tonight at 8pm.  He has a couple exciting announcements to make!  Check it out live:  http://www.seacoastbeveragelab.com/live/, null, Beer Brothers TV stopped by the brewery today to film this clip for our Battle of The Barrels., We were featured in an article in The Phoenix, written by Jason and Todd Alstrom.  Check it out for more information about us and a hint of what the future holds!, Last year we made a small test batch of Bourbon Barrel Aged Framinghammer Baltic Porter.  This year we wil be aging an entire tank of beer in 24 bourbon barrels from Kentucky Bourbon Distillers., Last month we had Jack, his two assistant brewers, Mike and Matt, and Dan Eng from Barleycorn's, each pick ingredients to age in a barrel of Smoke & Dagger. You will be able to try the results at the British Beer Company in Framingham, Jan 30th, at 6pm.

Sample paddles with all four varieties will be available along with a scorecard to pick a winner. , Come join us at Clover's harvard square location this, Thursday, at 8pm, to hear us talk about our beer while enjoying a $3 pour of Hoponius Union., null, null, We are finally getting in our new tanks.  Two 80 BBL and one 40 BBL tank will increase our capacity by around 80%!  Hope to have one ready to be brewed into for Saturday., null, Happy New Years Eve! We are open from 12 to 5 today. Hope to see you later!, Our tasting room is open today from 12-5pm., We are open today until 4pm and we are serving our last keg of Kiwi Rising that we saved for today., Good Morning!! We are open from 10-4 today.
Happy Holidays!, We will be opening early tomorrow at 12pm for anyone that wants to stop by a little early.  Normal closing time of 7pm., We will have growlers and bottles of our Saxonator Dunkles Doppelbock tomorrow in the tasting room.  We still have some of it aging in bourbon barrels which will not be ready for a few more weeks., This years Framinghammer Baltic Porter was brewed last week and is now fermenting away.  We brewed two batches of it, one to be released regularly and the other to be aged in bourbon barrels from Kentucky Bourbon Distillers., Special Release as of 12:04 pm today. Keg of Coffee Smoke and Dagger on for Growler fills!, This weekend we are tapping a keg of Maibock Hurts Like Helles in the tasting room., We would like to thank everyone that joined or donated to our Movember team this year.  All the money from our event last week at The Framingham Tavern has been added and our team is at $6,431.  Incredible., We are almost out of Kiwi Rising for growler fills and bottles are not far behind., We have our beer list for our Movember event at The Tavern:
Lashes Hopbock Lager
Hoponius Union
Kiwi Rising
Jabby Brau
Nitro Smoke & Dagger
Coffee Smoke & Dagger
Red Tape Lager, This Thursday we are releasing our Lashes Hopbock Lager.  it will be available at the brewery for tasting and growlers and at The Framingham Tavern for our Movember event.  This beer balances an assertive Munich Malt character with an infusion of Super Styrian, Columbus, Palisades and Centennial hops.

It is also the first beer that was developed by Mike Gleason, our assistant brewer.  Its name, however, was created by his wife, who one night, after a few drinks, told us all how beautiful his eyelashes were., Don't miss our Movember event at The Framingham Tavern this week.  We be releasing our new Lashes Hopbock Lager.  There will also be Kiwi Rising and Nitro Smoke & Dagger available.  100% of proceeds from our beer are being donated to our Movember team:  http://us.movember.com/mospace/1448526/, Now serving Biere' de Garde at the Jack's Abby tasting room. We only have a very small amount of this beer. Chipotle Smoke and Dagger is still on tap as well but it's going fast., The bad news is that Framinghammer just kicked. The good news is that Chipotle Smoke and Dagger is now on tap., The tap room is open today. We have all of our regular beers on tap plus Framinghammer and Maibock Hurts Like Helles. Stay tuned for some other special beers as taps open up!, We will be putting on a couple special kegs in the tasting room this week. When we open Wednesday we will be tapping a keg of Framinghammer Baltic Porter. We also have kegs of Maibock, Biere De Garde and Chipotle Smoke & Dagger that will be available as lines open throughout the week., Thanksgiving Week Hours and Pre-Orders:

Hours:
Wednesday: 12-7pm
Thursday: Closed
Friday: 12-7pm
Saturday: 12-5pm

We are also taking pre-orders for Wednesday to have your growlers waiting for you, if you are looking to avoid a line.  To place an order, send an e-mail to info@jacksabbybrewing.com.  Include your name, your order, and an estimate of when you will make your pickup.  Growlers available to preorder are: Jabby Brau, Smoke & Dagger, Hoponius Union, Fire In The Ham, and Kiwi Rising., We are teaming up with the Framingham Public Library Foundation for a fundraiser Saturday, December 1st, 7-9pm.

There will be a guided tasting of our beers and a private tour of the brewery. The event is to help the Foundation raise money to offset the cost of building a new McAuliffe Branch Library and create an endowment fund for other library projects.

Tickets are $30 and are available at Framingham's main library at 49 Lexington Street, and the McAuliffe branch library at 10 Nicholas Road. Tickets will also be available at Jack’s Abby Brewing the night of the event (cash or check) only., null, We will be having a fundraising event at The Framingham Tavern to raise money for Movember. We will be donating all the beer for the event and The Tavern is passing on 100% of the proceeds for Movember to raise funds for prostate cancer and other men's health issues. , null, We just received some barrels that we will be using to age some of our Saxonator Dunkles Doppelbock., Beers available at the brewery this week:

1) Kiwi Rising
2) Fire In The Ham
3) R.I.P.L. Effect
4) Copper Legend
5) Hoponius Union
6) Smoke & Dagger
7) Jabby Brau
8) Coffee Smoke & Dagger (bottles only)
9) Simpson Spring Root Beer, Great beer dinner 7:30 pm tonight at Harry's Bar & grill:

1st course: Jabby Brau with seared Togoroshi tuna loin with a mandarin, pea shoot and edamame salad

2nd: Hoponius Union with Jamaican jerk rubbed pork belly with pickled pineapple

3rd: Smoke & Dagger with House smoked chicken wings with red chimmichuri

4th: Kiwi Rising with Strawberry Balsamic Tart, Our Movember team has raised over $2,000 for men's health issues, specifically prostate and testicular cancer initiatives.

If you are able to help out by donating, click the link below.  Any amount helps., New guest cooking blog is up for some Smoke & Cider Pork., Last week we won our first Beer Wars beer dinner at McCormick & Schmick's.  This means we move on to the next beer dinner which will be in February against Woodstock Inn Station & Brewery., We are now serving root beer for our yet of age guests., null, Our Movember team got a great write-up in the Metrowest Daily News.  If you still have not join our team go to https://www.movember.com/us/register/details/team_id/476209, We are bottling Kiwi Rising today for its release tomorrow.  It will be available at the brewery and at our release party at The Avenue., We are partaking in a friendly competition with Cape Cod Beer over Movember.  Whichever team raises more money will receive a keg of beer from the other.  So if you have not yet make sure to join our team and start growing your moustache!  

Remember, anyone that joins our team and shows up at the brewery with a mustache(no beards!) will get a pint glass. In addition anyone that raises over $200 on our team will get a $25 dollar gift certificate. 

To Join: https://www.movember.com/us/register/details/team_id/476209
To Donate: http://us.movember.com/mospace/1448526, Check the latest beer brothers video made by MediaBoss Television.  This time it features our Jabby Brau., We are very low on our pumpkin beer and will likely be running out this weekend., We made a special batch of Coffee Smoke & Dagger that will be available at the brewery starting tomorrow.  It is made with coffee from Barismo.  It is only available in bottles and only at the brewery., Movember starts tomorrow!  We will all be growing a moustache to raise awareness for men's health issue. 

We are looking for some ideas of how to style our moustaches.  Keep in mind that some of us are follicly challenged.  Links to pictures of your suggestions are helpful.

If you have not registered for a Movember team yet make sure to join ours!  https://www.movember.com/us/register...team_id/476209, null, Come hang out with us at The Avenue for $1 burgers and the release of Kiwi Rising!, null, Kiwi Rising is being released next Thursday, 11/8, at The Avenue in Allston.  From 6-9pm burgers will be $1 when you get a Jack's Abby beer.  Kiwi Rising will also be available at the brewery., This weekend for Halloween we have 10 beers available.

On Tap

Jabby Brau
Smoke & Dagger
Hoponius Union
Octoberfest
Pumpkin Crop
Fire in the Ham
RIPL Effect

Additional Bottles Only
Leisure Time Lager
Red Tape Lager
Ginger & Juice, For the second year Jack's Abby is participating in Movember.  If you are not already on our team please join up and show off your mustache to raise money for men's health.  

Anyone that joins our team and shows up at the brewery with a mustache(no beards!) will get a pint glass.  In addition anyone that raises over $200 on our team will get a $25 dollar gift certificate.  

https://www.movember.com/us/register/details/team_id/476209, null, null, null, null, null, New Beer Brothers video from Media Boss.  This time it is about our Smoke & Dagger., Media Boss included us in their pilot for a new show, Beer Brothers.  In it, Jack talks about Fire In The Ham., LEDERHOSEN ALERT!!!!, Here is a short recap of our thoughts of our first GABF as well as a rundown of the beers that we had entered for judging., Having an amazing time at the Great American Beer Festival. Very excited that Smoke & Dagger got a bronze medal at the awards ceremony this morning., We are getting ready to head out to Denver for the Great American Beer Festival.  We will be pouring at the festival and submitted a few of our beers for judging.  Hope to see some of you there., Join us at Deep Ellum this Sunday at 7pm to celebrate Jack's birthday and release our new 'Fire In The Ham' Smoked Lager.  We will also have Copper Legend and Hoponius Union on tap., null, Today we bottled our new "Fire In The Ham' Smoked Lager.  This is a style of beer that Jack is a huge fan of, and he brewed it for his birthday which is this weekend.  In honor of this we will be releasing Fire In The Ham this Sunday at Deep Ellum at 7pm.  Come celebrate with us and drink some beer.  Copper Legend and Hoponius Union will also be on tap., null, Today we are brewing a second batch of Kiwi Rising, which happens to be our 100th brew!, Check it out..the Washington Post is catching on!
http://www.washingtonpost.com/lifestyle/food/lager-gets-a-shot-in-the-glass/2012/09/28/5a2695a0-0731-11e2-a10c-fa5a255a9258_story.html, Looking for something to do tonight?  Come drink some Octoberfest and meet the Copper Legend himself.  7:30 pm at Casey's Crossing in Holliston, null, Don't miss the release of our mom and Pop's Wet Hop Lager tomorrow at the Flatbread Company in Somerville.  Event starts at 7:30 pm., Thank you to Review Beers for including Hoponius Union in their 365 local beers in 365 days project., null, Only four cases of Brett Biere de Garde left at the brewery! This will be your last chance to get some before our next batch., null, We were featured on GoLocalWorcester today, in an article entitled “10 Getaways for Beer Lovers”, at the following URL: http://www.golocalworcester.com/food/10-getaways-for-beer-lovers/ The article is also on the GoLocal home page., We are currently over at Carrie Anne's Modern Diner preparing the pumpkins and squash for tomorrow's brew., null, Today we harveste the pumpkins on our Vermont farm for use in our upcoming Pumpkin Lager.  Tomorrow we will be preparing the pumpkins with the help of Carrie Anne's Modern Diner., Check out our new cooking blog by Jimi Michiel where he describes how to make great brats with our Copper Legend Octoberfest., Check out this article from today's Boston Globe Magazine., null, null, null, null, null, null, We have settled on a name for our new smoked lager, which we are brewing today.  It will be called Fire In The Ham.  Look out for it at the start of October., We just ordered two 80 bbl and one 40 bbl fermentation tank.  We hope to have them installed sometime around January and will increase our production by 75%., 9 beers available this week at the brewery for Labor Day:
Thursday-Friday 3-7, Saturday 12-5

Jabby Brau
Smoke & Dagger
Hoponius Union-growler only
Leisure Time Lager-bottle only-Special case price of 48$(24bottles)
Copper Legend Octoberfest
Red Tape Lager
Ginger & Juice IPL
RIPL Effect Rye IPL
Brett Biere de Garde- bottle only, RIPL Effect will be on tap and in bottles in the tasting room starting tomorrow at 3pm, and out for retail next week. 

R.I.P.L. Effect
What do you get when you combine the dry malt backbone of a Pilsner, the aromatic hops of an IPA and the spiciness of a Rye Lager? You get a special blend of flavors that’s sure to send ripples through your taste buds. Brewed with Sorachi Ace, Columbus, Cascade, and Amarillo hops with 35% Rye Malt and locally grown Triticale from MA.
OG 13.75 / IBUs 65 / Alc. 5.75% by Vol., We are looking for any ideas you may have for a name for our upcoming Smoked lager.  Jack wants to call it the Big Gouda, so we are desperate for a better name., Lots of new beers in the pipeline.

Last Week: Copper Legend Octoberfest
This Week: The R.I.P.L. Effect Rye IPL
September: Mom and Pop's Wet Hop Lager, made with all local ingredients
October: Smoked Lager and a Pumpkin Beer made with pumpkins and spices from our family farm
November: Kiwi Rising Double India Pale Lager
December: Saxonator Doppelbock, You can still find tickets for the Massachusetts Brewers Fest at http://www.ticketalternative.com/Events/18836.aspx

Hope to see a lot of you there., The first winner this morning for a ticket to the Massachusetts Brewers Fest this Friday is Christopher DiMare., Congratulations to the three winners of tickets to the Massachusetts Brewers Fest on Friday.  Michael Ste Marie, Nate Mackey and Anne Fecko lucked out.  

There are still 2 more winners for tomorrow morning., This Friday is the Massachusetts Brewers Fest.  It is your best opportunity to try all the great beer that is being made in MA.  Make sure to pick up your tickets while you still can.

http://www.massbrewersguild.org/craft-beer/index.php/2012/07/587/, Last chance to check into our mobile campaign before we start giving away tickets for the Massachusetts Brewers Fest today and tomorrow.  Scan the QR code below or go directly to http://m.pintley.com/jacksabby/

Find out more about the Mass Brewers Fest and buy tickets directly at http://www.massbrewersguild.org/craft-beer/index.php/2012/07/587/, Video of our hops being picked at 4 Star Farm this morning. Hops already in today's brew. YEAH WET HOPS!, null, We are changing the time of our hop picking event to this Friday from 11am-4pm.  Unfortunately, the hops are not agreeing with our plans and need to picked sooner than expected., The three of us will be at Armsby Abbey tomorrow night to share some pints and talk beer.  We will have Hoponious Union, Brett Biere de Garde, Ginger & Juice and the last keg of Boubon Framinghammer.  , null, null, null, null, null, null, Next week we will be drawing 2 extra winners from our August entries.  Each winner will receive a ticket to the Massachusetts Brewers Fest.  Scan the QR code below or go directly to http://m.pintley.com/jacksabby/

Find out more about the Mass Brewers Fest here: http://www.massbrewersguild.org/craft-beer/index.php/2012/07/587/, Here are some photos from last year's hop picking event.  Hope to see some of your again at this year's event next Tuesday, the 21st, from 9am-2pm., We will be having our Hop Picking event next Tuesday, the 21st, from 9am-2pm.  Stop by and help pick wet hops from our family farm.  We will be using the hops immediately as we will be brewing our Wet Hop Lager while we pick.  

Last year's event was amazing so if you can make it to the brewery on a Tuesday it will be a good time., null, null, null, null, null, Jack is currently hard at work trying to figure out a way to make a Belgian IPL.  All I know is that I like saying BIPL so I hope he figures it out., null, We will be at a beer tasting at Wegman's next Saturday., null, We will have 8 beers on at the tasting room this weekend.  We have some more Framinghammer and Biere De Garde that will be available until they run out., We are brewing our next seasonal today, the RIPL Effect.  It is a Rye India Pale Lager with Sorachi Ace and Amarillo hops., Just sent bottles of Hoponius Union, Ginger & Juice and Brett Biere De Garde out for distribution., Don't miss our anniversary event at Meadhall tomorrow at 7pm.  We will be featuring:

Ginger & Juice
Barrel Aged Smoke & Dagger with Chipotle
Barrel Aged Smoke & Dagger with Peanut Butter
Nitro Smoke & Dagger
Brett Barrel Aged Bierre de Garde
Bourbon Barrel Aged Framinghammer
Jabby Brau
Hoponius Union
Leisure Time Lager, null, null, We had an amazing night at the BBC.  Thank you to everyone that came to celebrate with us.

Tonight we will be hanging out at The Tavern Framingham if anyone wants to stop by for a drink., Bottles of Ginger & Juice and Brett Biere De Garde are now availabile in bottles in our tasting room., Kegged and bottled our Ginger and Juice today.  It will be on tap tomorrow night, along with 8 other beers,  at the British Beer Company in Framingham for our first anniversary celebration. , We are still working out the final keg list for this event but it will include the last keg of Bourbon Barrel Aged Framinghammer that we have been saving.  This will be the last chance to try some until it comes back next winter.  It is going to be a great night.  , Our anniversary celebration is not limited to our tap takeovers at British Beer Company and Meadhall.  We are also taking over our own taps!  We will be pouring 11 beers in the tasting room this weekend.  

Jabby Brau
Smoke & Dagger
Barrel Aged Smoke & Dagger with Peanut Butter
Barrel Aged Smoke & Dagger with Chipotles
Hoponius Union
Ginger & Juice
Red Tape Lager
Leisure Time Lager
Biere De Garde
Maibock Hurts Like Helles
Framinghammer

Samples will be limited to 6 per person, so choose wisely, or come back the next day!

Also we will not be sampling the Barrel Aged Biere De Garde with Brett this weekend, but it will be available in bottles., The tap list for our Anniversary event at the British Beer Company, this Thursday, at 7pm, is just about done. This is what we have so far:

Jabby Brau
Hoponius Union
Leisue Time Lager
Red Tape Lager
Ginger and Juice
Framinghammer Baltic Porter
Barrel Aged Biere De Garde with Brett
Peanut Butter Smoke & Dagger
Cask of Coffee Smoke & Dagger, We are very excited to have 4 beers on the Beer Advocate Top New Beers chart.

Jabby Brau, Cascadian Schwartzbier, Maibock Hurts Like Helles and Leisure Time Lager are listed!, We are considering two beers for our August seasonal.

1)  Rye IPL...already named The RIPL Effect
2)  Sorachi Ace Edel Pilsner, Big thanks to Gene from Flying Fish Brewing Company, Chris from Heavy Seas Beer, and Brandon from DC Brau Brewing Company for showing us around their respective breweries this weekend. Any road trip isn't complete without beer stops!, It is a couple days late but we just drew the June winner for our monthly merchandise giveaway.  

Congratulations to Marina Lavagnino Whall!, If you can't make it to Framingham we are having a second event at Meadhall in Cambridge. There will be 10+ different beers to try, including a cask. This is taking place on Saturday, July 21st, starting a 7pm., Don't miss our one year anniversary celebration at the British Beer Company in Framingham.  There will be 10+ different beers to try, including a cask.  The festivities take place Thursday, July 19th, starting a 7pm., The tasting room will be open today and tomorrow from 12-5pm., Our garden hops are in their second year and going strong., We are in the process of naming our Ginger IPL.  I want to call it "Win One For The Gipple"  

Sam is opposed.

Thoughts?, The Tasting Room Hours Next Week:

Mon: 12-5pm
Tue: 12-5pm
Wed: Closed
Thu: 3-7pm
Fri: 3-7pm
Sat: 12-5pm, Steve Greenlee, author of the 99 Bottles Beer Blog, is soon leaving for new opportunities.  In one of his last blogs he included Hoponius Union as one of the 8 best new beers in Boston.  We are happy to find ourselves in great company., Just sampled some of the Barrel Aged Bière de Garde.  It should be ready soon and it will be great., This is the last weekend to try our Chipotle or Peanut Butter Barrel Aged Smoke & Dagger.  Make sure to come to the tasting room this weekend if you want to try some., Check out this recipe we received for beer-b-q sauce using Smoke & Dagger. We hope to keep getting more recipes., Join us for a celebration of our One Year Anniversary Saturday, July 21st, at Meadhall. We will have 10 beers on tap and sporting our lederhosen., Our one year anniversary is approaching and we will be returning to the sight of our release party. Join us Thursday, July 19th, for a tap takeover and celebration., null, null, Our Chipotle Barrel Aged Smoke & Dagger will be available at 3pm and Peanut Butter Barrel Aged Smoke & Dagger will be available at 5pm., Our new tanks were delivered this morning.  Two new uni-tanks and a brite tank are now waiting to be installed!, null, We have selected the winner of May's prize drawing from our QR campaign.  Unfortunately, Bill McGinley, a member of our darts team was selected.  We decided to give him a keychain and redraw.  So congratulations to the new winner, Michael Zaremba.  Come by the brewery to claim your merchandise!, null, Just got a call telling us that our new tanks will be delivered shortly.  We are excited for our first expansion which will increase our production by 60%.  More tank space also means more chances to make some more specialties., The Jack's Abby Dart Team is currently tied 6-6 in the second round of the playoffs.  Game will be decided tonight when either team reaches 13 points., Sam will be at Bin Ends for a tasting this Friday at 5pm., We have a pretty wild weekend coming up.  Friday and Saturday we will be at the American craft Beer Festival.  Friday we will be at the Sherborn Summer brewfest.  We are also doing a tasting at Bin Ends on Friday.  Of course, the tasting room will also be open for our normal hours., null, null, The hops that we grow for our Wet Hop Lager are starting to take off.  In addition, this year we are growing pumpkins for a field beer., We recently acquired a 7bbl conditioning tank.  This will allow us to do some fun things on a smaller scale.  Its first use is to Nitro some Smoke & Dagger which we are kegging off today., Great review of our Hoponius Union, written by Steve Greenlee, on his 99 bottles blog.
, We want to thank Harpoon Brewery, Ipswich Ale Brewery, Cape Ann Brewing, Watch City Brewing Company, Haverhill Brewery Inc. for donating casks for our fundraiser.  Thanks to them and everyone that came to drink some great lager casks we raised $1501 for One Mission.

It was a great success and we are already thinking of how to make it bigger and better for next year., Label for our new Leisure Time Lager., This week we are releasing our Leisure Time Lager, in honor of our Grandfather.  His vision built the Leisure Time ice brand decades ago and inspired us to build Jack’s Abby as a family business. 

Leisure Time Lager is brewed with wheat and a blend of spices, including lemongrass, coriander, orange peel and chamomile. A subtle spiciness balances the citrusy and floral hops added to the whirl and hopback., null, null, null, As a warm up to our Cask event on Saturday we will be serving a special cask in our tap room starting at 3pm on Thursday. 

This weeks cask will be our Jabby Brau dry spiced with an entire Ruby Grapefruit; juice, peel and pith included. Should be interesting!, null, Our Coffee Smoke & Dagger cask is being tapped today.  Will be available in our tasting room this weekend, while supplies last., null, null, All of the special coffee casks that we have made with the assistance of barismo.  They have taken great care to match specific beans and roasts to match our beers.

If you have not tried one of these casks yet we will be tapping a Ccoffee Smoke & Dagger cask in our tasting room this weekend., null, null, Impromptu tap takeover at The Otherside Cafe in Boston. Jabby brau, smoke&dagger, hoponius, maibock, cascadian all now on tap. Get there before they close!, Test Batch Hoponius Union!, Mmm...Maibock, We will be at the local brewery tap takeover at Redbones tonight from 5-7pm.  Four breweries will be featured with several taps and a cask each.  Short notice but get there if you can!, Today we bottled our first test run of Hoponius Union.  100 cases will be going out for distribution starting tomorrow., Right now we are bottling our test run of Hoponius Union bottles.  Will be sending out 100 cases for distribution tomorrow.

Later today we will also be bottling our Maibock., We are extending our hop trellis system at the brewery from 8ft to 16ft. More hops for our Wet Hop Beer this fall., We are brewing our Leisure Time Lager today.  In the hopback we used Sorachi Ace and Glacier hops as well as Lemongrass, Orange Peel, Chamomile and Coriander. ., null, If you are looking for a place to hang out at while watching the marathon from on Monday come to the brewery., The Mass Brewers Guild is taking submission for the logo for this year's Mass Brewers Fest., Does anyone know of a Men's Softball League in or around Framingham? (Think beer league, not competitive), One of our star dart team members, Jimi Michiel, wrote a guest blog post on how to cook Smoke & Dagger Dirty Rice. 

If anyone else would like to share their recipies that use our beer we would love to host them., We are out of the Barrel Aged Framinghammer but we will be putting the last keg of original Framinghammer on this weekend., We are running out of our Barrel Aged Framinghammer Baltic Porter.  It will not make it through the weekend., We just got in our spices for our upcoming Leisure Time Lager.  Look for this beer in time for Memorial Day., We finally got in our firstr 4-pack carriers!, Bottling Jabby Brau today. Going much better than our last run. The labeller is even mostly working!, Tomorrow, we will be releasing our Bourbon Barrel Aged Framinghammer Baltic Porter.  It will be available at the brewery for growler fills., null, Saturday we kegged one of the bourbon barrel aged Baltic Porters.  It si currently being carbonated.  Today we filled the barrel with Smoke & Dagger and chipotle peppers., Today, we got 4 white wine barrels in. Right now, we are filling them up with Bière de Garde, where they will age with some Brettanomyces wild yeast., Anyone have any thoughts on a name for our upcoming Maibock specialty?, Looking for some of our bottles?  These are the locations that are carrying them., We kegged one of our barrels of Barrel Aged Framinghammer Baltic Porter today.  Just needs a while to carbonate now., We are sending our distributor cases of Jabby Brau and Smoke & Dagger today. Unfortunately, at the last minute our 4-pack supplier pushed back our delivery by a month. Rather than sit on the beer for a month we are releasing them now as singles.

We want to apologize for the confusion and let you know that we are not abandoning the 4-packs. The next production run of these beers will be in 4-packs, baring any future issues., We are bottling Jabby Brau today.  To make it go a little easier we playing a Rafi record we found in our collection., We were mentioned by Travel New England in their post on Beer in Massachusetts., Just tapped the Biere de Garde in the tasting room! Come try it tomorrow! 

Biere' de Garde Rye Lager
This lager is brewed in the French farmhouse style. We add our own twist by adding 30% Rye Malt, locally grown Triticale from MA and amber Belgian candy sugar. We leave this beer slightly hazy to accentuate the mild fruity yeasty character. Copper in color, a spicy Rye flavor emerges in a dry yet malty finish after lagering for five weeks near freezing. 
OG 15 IBU's 30 ABV 6.2%, We are bottling our Smoke & Dagger today., Norman Miller stopped by today to talk with Jack about the bottling.  Check out his write-up which also includes a video of Jack going over some of our experiences. , null, null, Getting ready to begin our first production run with our bottler and labeller.  We are planning on bottling around 100 cases of our Cascadian Schwarzbier.  Wish us luck., null, null, Today we are releasing our Cascadian Schwarzbier seasonal.  It is on tap in our tasting room for samples and growlers., Norman Miller mentions Hoponius Union's performance in the National IPA Championship in his latest blog., We have advanced another round in the National IPA Champioship to make it to the final 16. Now we are facing off against Ithaca Beer Company's Flower Power. , Hoponius Union has moved onto round three of National IPA Championship. Our next challenger is Widmer Brothers' Spiced IPA. Check out the bracket., Our beer has made its way to a lot of new locations this past week.

Marlborough: Fireflies and Wildwood Steakhouse
Boston: Coda Bar
Jamaica Plain: Canary Square
Amesbury: Amesbury Ale House
Plymouth: New World Tavern
Dedham: Wicked Pizza, Came across this video today. Fun overview showing the decline and resurgence of the number of craft breweries. At the same time it shows how much work we have ahead of us as far as market-share. , We just got in some bourbon barrels which we are using to age some of our Framinghammer Baltic Porter., We are happy to announce that we have finalized a deal with Arborway Imports to distribute our beer statewide. Read our press release for more information., null, What is everyone doing/drinking today?  I have a keg of Jabby Brau and some growlers of our other beers.  Have some fellow Giants fans coming over for what I can only assume will be a victory for Big Blue., We had a wild day today at the tasting room.  We want to thank everyone that stopped by and waited patiently for their growlers., Today our tasting room is open to fill your Superbowl growlers and we are also at the Extreme Beer Festival., Just got this tweet from Denver:  @JacksAbby we are going to dump beer on our heads in a few. But must admit we are having some pregame samples.., Check out the latest newsletter for Events, Superbowl Kegs, What's on Tap, and Upcoming Beers! Signup for the emails here: http://eepurl.com/fO6On, Our latest blog discusses the history behind our latest beer, the Framinghammer Baltic Porter., Not sure how long it was down for but you can now sign-up for our mailing list again by clicking the link to the left., We just realized that Framinghammered would have been a more appropriate name., We have run out of our Saxonator Dunkles Doppelbock in the tasting room.  Our Framinghammer Baltic Porter is now on tap.

We are saving one last keg of the Saxonator for our tap takeover at The Otherside Cafe in Boston next week., null, We have kegged our 'Framinghammer' Baltic Porter. It is set to be released next week. However, if the last keg of Saxonator kicks this weekend it may make an early appearance., We are now out of our Wet Hop Lager.  It will be back after the next hop harvest., We are now on our last keg of Saxonator Dunkles Doppelbock., We are down to less than a keg of our Wet Hop Lager.  This will be the last weekend to get some in our tasting room., After much consideration we have selected a name for our Baltic Porter.  Thank you Marty Schofield for coming up with 'Framinghammer', null, We were just invited to be part of the Exteme Beer Fest hosted by Beer Advocate.  We will be bringing our Baltic Porter, Double India Dunkel Lager plus two special casks., We now have three beers listed in the top 50 of Beer Advocate's Top new Beers list.  Hoponius Union, Smoke & Dagger and Kiwi Rising.  They are also the only three lagers listed!, We have finalized our on the Pats game with Denver Beer Co.  The terms of the bet are that the winner sends the loser some of their beer. The loser then has to make a youtube video while wearing the other team's jersey where they pour the beer over their own heads., Denver Beer Co wants to bet some beer with us on the pats game.  We feel bad taking advantage of them but I think we have to take this bet.  Will keep you updated with terms if we can finalize this wager., Interested in reading more about our Hey, Diddle, Diddle?  Check out our latest blog. , Great review of our Saxonator Dunkles Doppelbock is up on Steve Greenlee's 99 Bottles blog., Our bottling line was just delivered!  Still a ton of work to do to get it running., null, 'Hey! Diddle, Diddle' Double India Dunkles Lager is now on tap at the brewery., Delivered to three new locations in Boston this week. Picco, The Hill Tavern, and Flash's., Unless someone comes up with a better name soon, our Baltic Porter is going to be named, 'Harry Porter and The Dark Malts'., null, Kiwi Rising is now gone but in its place we put on a keg of Red Tape Lager, which we had been saving.  So for those that have missed Red Tape Lager recently it is now available again for a limited time., Every time we fill a growler from the last keg of Kiwi Rising everyone stops what they are doing and holds their breath to see if it is going to kick.  We need to come up with a tradition for the person that kicks a seasonal; taking ideas., Our Kiwi Rising finished third on Norman Miller's list of the top ten new beers of 2011., Lisa, Abby's Mom, made us some amazing hand bags from our used malt bags., null, Our online store has launched. Check out the Jack's Abby merch!, Holiday hours for the next two weeks are Thu/Fri from 12-7pm and Saturday from 10-5pm.  You can find our hours and whats on tap on our new page on our website too., Happy Holidays from Jack's Abby Brewing - Check out our newsletter with hours, gifts, bottles, and what's on tap at the brewery!, Right now we are making a special cask of our Smoke & Dagger with some Ruthangati coffee beans from Barismo in Arlington., Tonight is round #2 of our darts team's first playoff game.  We are currently down 8-4.  The first team to 13 points moves on.  We are in a bad position but tonight we are the home team at The Tavern here in Framingham., There is less than half a keg of Copper Legend Octoberfest left before it is gone until next fall., There is one keg left of the Kiwi Rising which we are saving for next week, so it will not be available this weekend.  Our Saxonator Dunkles Doppelbock will be on tap this weekend., We delivered to two new locations today.  Incontro in Franklin and The Westender in Marlborough., Here is the list of package stores that will have bottles of our Saxonator Dunkles Doppelbock by the end of the day:

Southside Liquors, Framingham
5th Ave Liquors, Millis
Julio's, Westborough
Berman's Fine Wines, Beer and Liquors, Lexxington
Bogie Beer and Wine, Beverly
Bottles, Boston
Craft Beer Cellar, Belmont
Gordon's Fine Wines and Liquors, Waltham
Redstone Liquors, Stoneham, The Jack's Abby darts team is getting ready for our first round of the playoffs for division E of the Minute Man Dart League.  Fighting to be the best of the worst., In honor of the release of our Saxonator Dunkles Doppelbock this week I wrote a new blog post up about the history of Doppelbocks., null, We are currently bottling our Saxonator Dunkles Doppelbock.  We are sending it to all the package stores that carried our Kiwi Rising and a few new locations.  Will get the final list up shortly., Great review of our Kiwi Rising from Drink Craft Beer.  , Kiwi Rising is not going to last much longer.  There is only 1 more keg left in our cold storage here., null, null, We have gotten into a few new places recently.  British Beer Company in Franklin.  Flatbread Company in Bedford.  Vee Vee and Brendan Behan Pub in Jamaica Plain. , We just got a new long sleeve shirt for our gift shop today., Our Saxonator Doppelbock is currently being kegged.  All that is left to do is hand bottle some of it and get ready to release it next week., Check out our latest blog.  It continues the narrative from last week and talks about how we scheduled our first seasonals and the changes we have had to make., null, All of our upcoming beers have now been brewed and are in tanks fermenting and conditioning., We are brewing our Baltic Porter today.  This one is not being released for over two months so it will have a long time to condition and be ready for February., We brewed what was to be the Double India Amber Lager today.  Came out a little darker than expected so we are calling it a Double India Dunkle Lager, a DIDL.  After the change an intense debate erupted here over how to name it.  When the dust settled, despite Abby's adamant opposal, it was named, "Hey! Diddle, Diddle", There are just two more kegs of Kiwi Rising at the brewery for growler fills., Here are our upcoming releases., The deposit on our new bottling line has been paid.  If all stays on schedule we should be releasing bottles of all our beers in March., Check out our latest blog detailing the creation of our new Jabby Brau Session Lager., We are trying to get rid of as many of our blank growlers as we can in preparation for our new printed growlers.  For anyone close by that has one of our blank growlers if you could return it today or before 10am tomorrow morning we will be giving out some extra punches on your growler card., Happy Thanksgiving to everyone.  Sorry again for closing our planned hours for tomorrow, hope everyone was able to get their growlers for the holiday., Need to post a correction.  We were just informed that we are not allowed to be open tomorrow.  Sorry for any problems this might cause.  We are still open today and will be open 12-7pm Friday and 12-5pm Saturday., Just to remind everyone we are having special holiday hours this week.  The tasting room will be open Wednesday from 12-7pm and Thursday from 12-2pm.  

In addition if you are short on time we are taking orders for growlers so we can have them waiting for you. Call us at 508-872-0900 or send an e-mail to info@jacksabbybrewing.com, For anyone looking to come by the brewery tomorrow to try our new beers we have expanded our Saturday hours for tours+tastings to 12-5pm., Our Jabby Brau Session Lagger is now tapped and ready for samples and growler fills at the brewery., Our credit card machine is up and running again after some significant downtime.  This time we are not letting Jack near it., Kiwi Rising Double India Pale Lager will be on tap in the tasting room today.  Come on by from 3-7pm for samples and growler fills.  Jabby Brau Session Lager will be available tomorrow., We already delivered cases of our Kiwi Rising India Pale Lager to Southside Liquor in Framingham.  It is already being sold there.

Tomorrow we have cases going out to Redstone Liquors in Stoneham, Craft Beer Cellar in Belmont and Julio's in Westborough., null, The Kiwi Rising is kegged and is being readied for delivery right now. We will also be hand bottling a small supply of 22oz bottles tomorrow to go to a few package stores., We are releasing two new beers this Thursday.  The first is our Kiwi Rising Double India Pale Lager.  It is with hops from New Zealand and clocks in at 8.5% abv.

The other beer is our Jabby Brau Session Lager.  This is a lightly hopped, very drinkable lager that is only 4.5% abv., We hit 1,000 likes last night.  This means that Chris Santos's guess of 11/11/11 at 11pm is the winner of our contest!, Unfortunately we are rescheduling our tap takeover at Durgin Park that was supposed to be tonight.  We do not have the new date yet but we will let you as soon as we know., If you are not on our mailing list you can check out our newsletter here. If you would like to be added to the list there is a subscribe link at the top of the page.

http://us2.campaign-archive1.com/?u=176061f6d78567958ebd5e311&id=1347552dd1, This Thursday at 7:30pm we are having a tap takeover at Durgin Park in Faneuil Hall.  If you are in the Boston area come see us in our Lederhosen and try our beers., Check out our first Movember event that we are sponsoring with Deep South of Boston.  It will be at the BBC Walpole location.  So come to see what DSOB is about, have some Jack's Abby Beer or to just show off your stache., The contest to name our spice beer just got interesting. Naughty or Spice came from way behind to claim a commanding lead.  Still a lot of action left though., We recently released a spice lager, but were not creative enough to come up with our own name. Instead, we asked for your help. And it was ugly. Very, very ugly.  However, we are going to keep our word.  So here are the best of the worst.  We have added "Holiday Lager" to all of the names.   Vote for your favorite, or the one that is least offensive to you...whatever., We need more people to join our Movember team.  All you have to do to raise awareness for men's health issues is join our team and then grow your moustache throughout November.  

https://www.movember.com/us/register/details/team_id/242902, This week we delivered beer to three new places.  Look for us soon at The Independent in Somerville, The Abbey in Brookline and Mulligan's Taverne in Westboro., null, null, Don't miss Halloween at the brewery this weekend.  We will be open from 3-8pm tomorrow and Friday and form 12-8pm on Saturday.

We have 7 beers on tap at the brewery including our Spiced Lager which we will be serving out of a 100 pound pumpkin from our family farm.  It is also the last weekend to enter the contest to name the spiced lager and claim a $20 gift certificate.

But wait, there's more!  If you come to the brewery in costume you will get a free pint glass with purchase of a growler., This Tuesday we are going to be at a Beer Fest at Tastings Wine Bar and Bistro from 7-9pm in Foxboro.  There will be a couple other breweries there as well as some great food.  , We have a lot planned for the brewery this weekend for Halloween.  First, we have a 100 pound pumpkin that we grew on our family farm.  We will be filling it up with our spice lager and serving tastings and growler fills from it.

Also, if you come in full costume and purchase a growler, you will receive a free pint glass.  To make sure you do not miss out we are extending our hours to 3-8pm Thu/Fri and 12-8pm on Sat., We delivered kegs to a few new locations this week.  In Worcester you will soon find our beer on tap at Brew City, Blackstone Tap and O'Connor's Restaurant & Bar.  In Hopkinton you will be able to find us at Cornell's.  The Gaff in Waltham will be serving our beer when a line opens.  Finally, Sorriso in Boston will have us on tap shortly., Come to the brewery today or tomorrow to sample our spice lager and enter our contest to name it., Read this review of Area 4 that mentions our Copper Legend Octoberfest.  It is a great restaurant with good local craft beer offerings., Check out our Newsletter for upcoming events and contests and to see what is on tap right now at the brewery., Join our Movember team and have some fun while helping raise awareness for men's health. You also get the benefit watching Jack and Sam try their darnedest to grow respectable facial hair. If they can try, then there is no reason why any of you can't!

Also, this is not just for the Mo Bros.  We need the support of our Mo Sistas too.

https://www.movember.com/us/register/details/team_id/242902, If you have not yet joined our mailing list and would like to there is now a sign-up form to the left, just above our 'likes' counter., This year we harvested Yarrow, Lavender, Mint, Bee Balm and Lemon Verbena from our garden outside the brewery.  Since Jack cannot go long without doing something new he took all of our spices and added some fresh grated Ginger, Cinnamon and Nutmeg.  We took this blend and mixed it with some of our Pilsner and Octoberfest to create a small specialty batch of Autumn Spiced Lager that will be available tomorrow at the brewery., There are now a few more great locations to find some Jack's Abby beer.  We are on tap at the Eagle Brook Saloon in Norfolk.  We will also be on shortly at the Publick House in Brookline and Five Horses Tavern in Somerville.  , Check out this great review of our Hoponius Union India Pale Lager. , We are starting to get close to 1,000 likes here on facebook.  In honor of this we are going to hold a little contest.  

Reply here with your guess of the date and time you think we will hit 1,000 likes.  

Whoever is closest(under or over) will get 3 punches on their growler card., Our Hoponius Union has been climbing Beer Advocate's list of the top new beers.  #33 and rising thanks to your great reviews!  http://beeradvocate.com/lists/new, We are fans of Karlson & McKenzie so we were excited to find out that Pete McKenzie had tried our beer and enjoyed it.  Check out this great clip., Look for us shortly at these great locations, Olde Magoun's Saloon in Somerville and Ten Tables and Area Four in Cambridge. , Today we are brewing a small specialty batch of a double IPL with some New Zealand hops we have.  We are calling it Kiwi Rising., There are some new places in Framingham that will be serving Jack's Abby this week.  Check out Ken's Steakhouse and Pepperoncini's. We will also be back in The Bone this week., Description of our Wet Hop Lager: Our wet hopped lager is made from 100% handpicked (thanks team!) organically grown local hops from our family farm in Vermont. Mild earthy hop aroma mix well with maltly cereal notes from use of locally grown grain from Four Star Farm. Not to be confused as an extra hoppy beer, this is a nicely balanced pleasantly hopped lager. 5.5%, We are kegging our Wet Hope Lager right now which was made with 100% wet hops from our farm in Vermont.  It will be available at the brewery today., We delivered beer to a few new places this week.  Over the next few days look for Jack's Abby at Fireflies in Framingham, Mission Bar & Grill in Boston, Bison Country in Waltham and Flatbread in Somerville., This Saturday is going to be crazy.  We will simultaneously be at the Haverhill Brewery Riverfront Brewfest, the Outdoor Octoberfest at British Beer Company in Walpole, and the Festival of Ale at the Higgins Armory Museum.  Check out our calendar for details on all of our events: http://jacksabbybrewing.com/calendar.php, Our Red Tape Lager is now on tap at JJ McKay's in Wayland., null, If anyone knows Peter Kane, please pass it on to him that he left something at the brewery., Interested in the origins of Octoberfest beers?  Check out our latest blog to learn about their history., Jack was serving samples at Cornell's in Hopkinton last night where he ran into a reporter from Hopkinton News who recorded this segment.  He needs to work on his camera skills, I feel a bit awkward just watching this., Need a replacement member for our darts team.  Anyone interested?, Check out our interview with Brewbound., The Otherside Cafe in Boston now has all five of our beers.  They will be rotating them through a line.  So it is a great place to come back to several times to try all the varieties of Jack's Abby., Delivering to a couple new places today.  Look for our beer to be on tap shortly at The Lower Depths in Boston and Tavolino in Westborough.  We will also be back on tap at British Beer Company., Dry hopping our Wet Hop Lager with some more of our hops that were picked at the brewery by some great volunteers.  , Today we delivered Red Tape Lager to Limey's in Framingham and Smoke & Dagger to Tavern in The Square in Allston., Bukowski Tavern in Boston is tapping a specialty cask of our Smoke & Dagger tonight at 6pm.  You should get out there and try some before it is gone!, Jack took a quick video of the lines at the Mass Brewers Fest last night.  Thank you to everyone that waited on that line for some samples, we hope you enjoyed them., We are serving the rest of our Saxon Sons Pilsner cask from the Mass Brewers Fest at our tasting room today., We will be conducting a tasting at Southside Liquors in Framingham tomorrow at 4:30pm.  For those interested in keg orders they are currently the only location carrying Jack's Abby kegs., Check out this great recap of our Hop Picking Event from BrewEngland.  Thank you again to everyone that helped us out!, Thank you to everyone that picked hops with us and made our Wet Hop Beer possible.  We could not have done it without you., We started collecting the hop bines to bring to the brewery tomorrow.  

Hope to see you tomorrow to help pick them.  There will be food and drinks as well as two tickets to the Mass Brewers Fest that we are giving away., Check out this great review!, Looking forward to being at Blues N Brews tomorrow. Bringing our Saxon Sons Pilsner, Smoke & Dagger and Hoponius Union., We are coming to Cambridge Common Friday the 26th 6-9pm, for a four line tap takeover.  We will have our Red Tape Lager, Saxon Sons Pilsner, Smoke & Dagger, and Hoponius Union., Jack's Abby Brewing will be at BluesnBrews this Saturday.  Come join us for some great beer and blues music!, There is a lot going on at Jack's Abby in the coming weeks! http://t.co/VXTyPta, null, Check out Heather Vandenengel of Dig Boston's great write-up of the brewery., Boston Magazine's Anne Vickman stopped by our grand opening last week and filed this report. , Looking for a pint of Jack's Abby?  Check out where we are on tap at http://jacksabbybrewing.com/blog/where-were-on-tap/, null, We need 2 people in the Framingham area to join Jack's Abby Brewing's darts team.  It starts in Sept. and games are on Tuesdays.  We are also quite bad so spots are open to anyone, even if you have never played before. 

If you have any interest in playing let us know., Some more coverage of our Grand Opening and some videos of Jack giving a tour of the brewery.  , Check out Framingham.com for a great article on our Grand Opening.  , We have our Grand Opening today.  Starting with Ribbon Cutting at 4pm followed by tours and tasting until 8pm.  We also be featuring the release of our Hoponius Union which completes our line-up of year round beers.  

Finally at 8pm we will be heading to O'Connell's Pub to serve samples and show off our spiffy lederhosen., Check out our latest blog on the Beer Nut about German Monastic brewing, and how it has influenced us., Our Red Tape Lager is the beer of the week at the British Beer Company in Framingham this week!, Norman Miller of the Beer Nut wrote about our event tonight at The Bone., Just mashed in the first batch of a double of Hoponius Union., Brewing a double batch of our Red Tape Lager right now., Check out our feature article on Urban Daddy!, We went from 500 to 600 likes in six days.  Apparently, all we needed to do was finally open!, Release Party at the Tavern in Framingham - 7/22/11, Here's one from our local Framingham News with some great pictures form last night's festivities. , null, Our good friend and supporter Norman "The Beer Nut" Miller covered last night's tasting. , The Boston Globe is out with a great article on new local breweries, feature yours truly!, null, Video tour of Jack's Abby Brewery courtesy of Norman Miller, The Beer Nut.  http://jacksabbybrewing.com/blog/2011/07/video-tour-of-jacks-abby-brewing/, null, We are getting really excited for our opening tomorrow!  Hope to see a lot of you from noon-8pm tomorrow through Saturday at the brewery., We'd like to thank people that have covered our opening press release.  If we missed you let us know and we will add you to the blog post., 499 likes...who is going to be #500?, Doing a double-batch of our Oktoberfest seasonal today. Just finished mashing in the first batch.  Mashing in is much easier with our finally functional rake system., null, We are carbonating our Saxon Sons Pilsner right now.  Can't wait till Thursday to drink it with everyone., Check us out in The Boston Globe's 99 Bottles Blog!, And we are open for business!, null, Want to know how you can try some Jack's Abby beer as soon as possible?  Check out our latest guest blog at the Beer Nut., If you want to see how a few ideas came together to form our tap handles, then read our latest blog where we document the entire design process., null, null, Check out our latest guest blog at the Beer Nut.  We talk about our latest brews., null, On July 21st-23rd we will be open until 8pm for anyone that wants to come by for a tasting., Some pictures from our first day of brewing., Check out our latest guest blog at the Beer Nut to read about what we are brewing., null, Read our latest blog about Meg Hahesy's new mural in the brewery.  More pictures will be up soon., We just received the last of our building inspections. This means that we will be brewing immediately. I hope you are all ready for beer on tap on July 21st., Check out our latest guest blog at The Beer Nut., We just received our license from the state Alcoholic Beverages Control Commission! Will be brewing very soon now., null, Check out our latest guest blog at the Beer Nut., null, Abby has been working on a large 10 foot diameter version of our logo above the viewing window in the brewery.  , null, Abby has been working on a large 10 foot diameter version of our logo above the viewing window in the brewery.  , Abby has been working on a large 10 foot diameter version of our logo above the viewing window in the brewery.  , Last blog is up on The Beer Nut.  Let us know what you think about slogans for our coasters., Abby has been working on a large 10 foot diameter version of our logo above the viewing window in the brewery.  , Abby has been working on a large 10 foot diameter version of our logo above the viewing window in the brewery.  , null, Cut off part of the bar to make room for our new 5-keg kegerator., Abby has been working on a large 10 foot diameter version of our logo above the viewing window in the brewery.  , Abby has been working on a large 10 foot diameter version of our logo above the viewing window in the brewery.  , Starting to figure out this whole twitter thing and getting more active.  Follow us at http://twitter.com/#!/JacksAbby and let us know what you think., Check out our latest guest blog on The Beer Nut.  We discuss our homebrew test batch for our Leisure Time Lager.  , null, null, Great news! We passed our inspection and can open our tasting room/gift shop to the public. Feel free to stop by and check out our progress. There won't be any beer to sample just yet but you can come talk with us.  We are only weeks away from brewing and having beer available., Check out our latest blog on The Beer Nut.  A few minor updates including hours that you can now visit the brewery!, We've joined Twitter! Check it out and follow us!, Our new guest blog is up at the Beer Nut.  We go over our progress as we get closer to opening., Website is LIVE!! Check it out. Big thanks to nurenu for an awesome job. What do you think?
www.jacksabbybrewing.com, As you can tell from our photos we have been receiving our tanks.  There are only a few more things we need before we are ready to get start brewing.  This Thursday's blog will go over what we have been up too as we get ready to open., null, Check out our latest guest blog at Norman Miller's Beer Nut Blog.  This week we wrote about lagers and why we decided to brew them., Check out our latest guest blog appearance on Norman's Beer Nut blog.  We go into detail about how we grow our hops and our plans to turn them into a great Wet Hop Beer., null, null, Norman Miller has come through again.  He has given us the chance to guest blog each Thursday.  We kicked it off with this week with an in depth introduction and have some great things planned for next week., null, null, null, Check out our photos of the new hop garden. We installed 12' poles and strung wire for them to grow on. We are also planting a variety of herbs to make some creative brews.  Check back soon for more detailed information., null, null, null, null, null, For great information on how we got started and our planned brews check out this article by Norman Miller of The Metrowest Daily News., null, null, Jack and Norman are the Beer Photo of the Week on the Beer Nut blog., Jack proudly displays Jack's Abby Brewing making the front page!, Great article today! Thanks goes out to Norman Miller, a reporter for the MetroWest Daily News in Framingham, for the visit. Norman writes a weekly beer column, the Beer Nut, and a blog of the same name. http://blogs.wickedlocal.com/beernut. Enjoy!, null, We spent this weekend painting some very large walls. We had a lift to reach the top. However, we managed to stay grounded by using a 23 foot extension for a roller. Worked very well. We even manged to mostly avoid backing into the freshly dug trenches that were right behind us.

Photos of our progress are up under Painting, Cleaning, Plumbing., null, Watch as the brewery comes together!, Welcome to the Jack's Abby Brewing facebook page! We'll keep you up-to-date with what's brewing with our new company!, Watch as the brewery comes together!)