List(Start your Friday off with some vintage birdcage decor!, This gorgeous weather has us ready for outdoor ceremonies! 

Photo credit: Pardo Photography, It's Friday, time for some fabulous florals!, Who doesn’t love a stunning sweetheart table? Check out some of our SEG favorites., The Luck of the Irish found Saphire Estate at sunset last night!, Start your Friday off with a little Instagram fun!, We are in <3 with the newly renovated Madera bridal suite at The Villa

photo credit: Fournier & Malloy Photographers, It's flower girl Friday!, SEG team outing! #workhard #playhard, Some of the best things really do come in small packages!, Loving this glamorous shot in The Villa's Grand Ballroom!

photo credit: 26 North Studios, What a sweet way to start your Friday!, Celebrity sighting at Saphire Estate! 

photo credit: Kristen Jane Photography, Start off your Friday with some seasonal linen inspiration. 

All featured linens were provided by: Rentals Unlimited, Who else is counting down the days until spring? Looking forward to some stunning springtime ceremonies at The Villa! 

photo credit: Imagemakers Photographic Artists, Friday's are perfect for some bridal party fun!, Having a blast with all our couples at The Villa Tasting Experience night 3., Night 2 of our Villa Tasting Experience is underway! Check out some amazing pictures from last night! 

photo credit: Fournier & Malloy Photographers, Starting off night 1 of our Villa Tasting Experience!, Start your Friday with some stunning wedding gown inspiration., Saphire Estate Tasting Experience night 2 is underway!, Having an amazing night with all our couples at the Saphire Estate Tasting Experience., Thank you Fournier & Malloy Photographers for snapping a few food shots and for the kinds words about our Vendor Appreciation Party last night. The entire SEG staff had an amazing time with everyone!, We are in love with these birch tree centerpieces!, Having a fabulous time with all our amazing vendors at SEG's annual Vendor Appreciation Party!, Thinking of having a winter wedding? Our properties offer stunning photo opportunities!, It's Friday and we've got the blues!, Say your "I dos" fireside in one of our stunning ceremony spaces!, Check out our top 5 winter cocktail recipes!, We are thrilled to share that weddings from both of our venues, Saphire Estate and The Villa, have been featured in the newest issue of Southern New England Weddings magazine. Head out and pick up your copy today!, Start your Friday off with some sparkle!, Saphire Estate and The Villa have both been awarded WeddingWire's Couples' Choice Awards 2016. A heartfelt thank you to all our amazing clients who took the time to review us., Jasmine & Daniel's wedding portfolio is up on our website! Head over and check it out., Happy New Year from all of us at SEG! We are so excited for all our upcoming 2016 weddings!, Wishing you and your family a happy, healthy holiday season., So proud of the entire SEG team!  We had a great time doing something so good for others!, This December, SEG held a contest to make the holiday season a little brighter for 4 deserving local families. The winning families each received $500 in holiday gifts. Our team had an absolute blast shopping, wrapping and delivering all the presents. Check out a few snapshots from our shopping trip!, Take a peak at Shannon & Chris' gorgeous Saphire Estate wedding!, Check out some stunning winter engagement photo ideas!, Having an amazing night at the Rodman Celebration For Kids event!, Walking in a winter wedding wonderland..., We want to make the holiday season a little brighter for 4 local families. We invite you to nominate a deserving family today for a chance to WIN $500 IN HOLIDAY GIFTS., We wish you and your family a very Happy Thanksgiving!, Looking to add a special touch to your wedding details? We have you covered!, We want to make the holiday season a little brighter for 4 local families. We invite you to nominate a deserving family today for a chance to WIN $500 IN HOLIDAY GIFTS., Saphire Event Group sends a heartfelt thank you to all who have served our country., This holiday, SEG is making the season a little brighter for 4 local families. We invite you to nominate a deserving family today for a chance to WIN $500 IN HOLIDAY GIFTS. Please visit http://www.saphireeventgroup.com/happenings to download our nomination form and review contest rules., We absolutely <3 unique wedding decor ideas!, Having an awesome night with all our couples at the Saphire Estate Tasting Experience., The view from our beach at Saphire Estate is gorgeous this time of year! 

photo credit: Photography By Angelina Rose, Pretty Halloween wedding ideas make for a very happy Friday!, Who's a little sleepy this Friday morning?, Meeting future SEG ⭐️'s at the Johnson & Wales Food Service & Hospitality Career Fair! #jwucareers15, Having an awesome night 2 at The Villa's Tasting Experience!, Having a blast with our couples at The Villa Tasting Experience., Looking for a unique cake stand idea, check out this week's blog!, Proud to announce that Saphire Estate has been inducted into The Knot Best of Weddings Hall of Fame this year!, Check out this week's fun blog post!, What a gorgeous garden-side photo at Saphire Estate. 

photo credit: Photography By Angelina Rose, Check out this week's yummy blog post!, Check out this awesome post about Saphire Estate on Southern New England Weddings Blog!, Photobombed by the flower girl at The Villa.

photo credit: Black Thumb Studio, Looking for an amazing wedding decor idea? Check out this week's blog post for some inspiration., It's always fun sharing photos of a bride that's part of the SEG family. Congrats Aubre & Ross!

photo credit: Black Thumb Studio, Check out some of our favorite fall wedding dress ideas., Check out this gorgeous Saphire Estate Wedding., Unbelievably awesome first dance!!, On this day we pay tribute to our troops, admire the first responders and remember the many lives lost., Looking for floral ideas? Check out this week's blog for some stunning inspiration., Saphire Estate is featured on The Knot this week! Check out the gorgeous post below., Happy Labor Day from all of us at SEG., It's all about the red white & blue!, Another amazing Saphire Estate highlight film., If you are looking for a comfy, yet gorgeous pair of bridal shoes, you have come to the right place., Stunning Saphire Estate sunset. 
photo credit: Jeff Weeks Photography, Who doesn't love a delicious donut?, A gorgeous wedding for an amazing couple! Check out their awesome wedding highlight film., We love seeing first dance photos!, If you <3 peonies as much as we do, this week's blog post is a must see!, The SEG team having a blast at our annual Staff Appreciation Night!, Check out some of our favorite bridal clutches., Southern New England Weddings wrote an amazing blog post about our new Tent at The Villa! Check it out below., Excited to be the host venue for the National Association for Catering and Events - New England August Networking Event!, Looking for the perfect pre-wedding picture with your ladies? Check out our blog below for some amazing ideas., May we interest you in cocktails by the fire? Click below for more pictures of our amazing Tent at The Villa., Check out our gorgeous color boards!, We are in <3 with the stunning sweetheart table Diseanna & Luke choose for their Saphire Estate wedding.

photo credit: Flavio D Photography, Check out this week's blog for some of our favorite ways to make your wedding exit unforgettable., Stunning "First Look" photos in our gorgeous bridal suite at Saphire Estate.

photo credit: Flavio D Photography, You've got wedding makeup questions, we've got answers!, Spotted...The Villa was featured in the latest Huff Post article about wedding foods! Our "must have" mashed potato bar made the list at #6., Happy 4th of July from all of us at SEG!, Looking for the perfect "Little White Dress" for your wedding festivities, we have you covered!, This past Saturday, our favorite Dog of Honor's parents celebrated their first Anniversary!

photo credit: Photography By Angelina Rose, We love celebrating LOVE at our venues! As of today, EVERYONE can join in the celebration!!! #MarriageEquality, We are taking nautical to a new level! Check out our blog post below for some gorgeous inspiration., Loving these colors in the Madera Ballroom at The Villa!

photo credit: Photography By Angelina Rose, Happy Father's Day from all of us at SEG., You've got wedding videography questions, we've got answers!, Head over and follow us on Twitter!, We are bursting at the seams with excitement to show off our brand new tent at The Villa. Check out our blog post below to see more photos of this stunning space!, Our Fall Tasting, night 2, is underway at The Villa!, Having an amazing evening with all our couples at The Villa's Fall Tasting Experience!, It doesn't get much cuter than this!!, Rachael & Carlo's wedding at The Villa = FUN!!!

photo credit: Black Thumb Studio, We are loving the revival of Polaroid pictures! Check out our blog this week for some awesome ways to incorporate them into your wedding decor., Today we honor America's true heroes, Happy Memorial Day from all of us at SEG., Check out this month's "Interview With An Expert". We sat down with the ladies of Purple Statice to talk all things wedding flowers., Having an amazing evening with all our couples at Saphire Estate's Fall Tasting.

photo credit: Fournier & Malloy Photographers, A stunning Villa sunset and unique details always equal perfection in our book! 

photo credit: Berryphotos Weddings-Portraits, Looking for unique vintage wedding decor ideas, this blog is sure to make your heart skip a beat!, What a gorgeous ceremony at The Villa. 

photo credit: @Metzger Studios, A very Happy Mother's Day from all of us at SEG., Check out these amazing non-floral centerpiece ideas., "Marriage...it’s more than color schemes, gorgeous gowns, perfectly crafted tablescapes, and the perfect shoes. It’s growing old, hand in hand, wrinkle after wrinkle...", Who doesn't love a little (or should we say "BIG") bling?, Has it really been 4 years since this amazing wedding?, Looking for amazing wedding invitation ideas? Check out our latest blog post below., Check out this gorgeous Saphire Estate wedding captured by Isa Images. 2 ceremonies, 2 dresses, too amazing to miss!, Do you LOVE this Spring weather as much as we do? 

photo credit: Berryphotos Weddings-Portraits, Check out our new blog segment "Interview With An Expert". We sat down with Black Thumb Studio to talk all things wedding photography. Comment below and let us know which other wedding vendors you'd like us to chat with., Does anyone else have the mid-week blues? We are loving this gorgeous linen from Rentals Unlimited. 

photo credit: Maureen Cotton Photography, Celebrity look-a-like gowns that won't break the bank!, Proud to see Saphire Estate featured!, Excited to share this incredible video of MitzvahPalooza, hosted by ISES New England & held at The Villa., Looking for the perfect first dance song? We have got you covered!, The stunning Madera Ballroom at The Villa was featured today on Style Me Pretty. Click the link below to view the gorgeous post. http://www.stylemepretty.com/little-black-book-blog/2015/03/31/raspberry-gold-wedding-at-the-villa/, Looking for a unique dessert idea, check out these amazing "naked" cakes!, What an amazing night at The Villa with ISES New England for MitzvahPalooza!, Check out these amazing "non" first look photos!, Get in the St. Patty's Day spirit and check out some stunning green wedding ideas., Wrapping up at the 2015 Catersource Event-Solutions Conference & Tradeshow in Vegas!, We are proud to have 2 weddings featured in the newest edition of Southern New England Weddings magazine. Grab a copy today and check us out!, Looking for some amazing wedding DIY ideas? We have you covered in this week's blog post., Enjoying night #3 of The Villa's Summer Tasting Experience., Having a blast with our couples at night #2 of The Villa's Summer Tasting Experience., Night #1 of The Villa's Summer Tasting Experience is underway., Check out this gorgeous shot taken at The Villa by Black Thumb Studio!, Sonia & David's Saphire Estate wedding was featured today on Weddingful. Check out the lovely blog post below!, Since snow has fallen to record levels in New England, this week's blog post seems more than fitting., Night #2 of Saphire Estate's Summer Tasting is underway. Even our summer couples can appreciate this stunning snow-filled sunset!, Having an amazing evening with all our couples at Saphire Estate's Summer Tasting., Check out these awesome ways to personalize your unity ceremony., Check out some of our favorite Valentine's Day inspired wedding ideas., All of our stunning ballrooms offer a fireside experience., Check out our blog post for some amazing ways to decorate with succulents., So excited to see Jen & Chris' wedding featured on MA Wedding Guide. Click below to see their gorgeous wedding photos., Congratulations to the New England Patriots, Super Bowl XLIX champions!, During a large part of your big day, your guests will be viewing your gown from behind. Dress to Impress with these gorgeous gowns., Great photo of the SEG team. 

photo credit: Fournier & Malloy Photographers, If you are looking for a creative way to ask your closest friends and family to be by your side on your wedding day, we have got you covered., Having a great night with everyone at the SEG Vendor Appreciation Party., Missing our summertime soirées at The Tent.

photo credit: Hitched Studios, Inviting children to your wedding? Check out our blog for amazing activities that are sure to keep them entertained all night long!, Looking for the perfect place to host your wedding? Click below to see our two stunning venues in action., Wondering what to do with your dress post wedding? Check out this week's blog for some fabulous ideas., Saphire Estate and The Villa have both been awarded WeddingWire's Couples' Choice Awards 2015. A heartfelt thank you to all our amazing clients who took the time to review us., We are proud to announce both Saphire Estate and The Villa have been voted "The Knot Best of Weddings 2015". In addition, The Villa has won "The Knot Best of Weddings Hall of Fame"., Check out some of our favorite proposal ideas!, Happy New Year from all of us at SEG! We are so excited for all our upcoming 2015 weddings!, Check out our latest blog post for some glamorous New Year’s Eve wedding inspiration., Wishing you and your family a happy, healthy holiday season., The Villa's Grand Ballroom looking lovely in lavender! 

photo credit: Nicole Chan Photography, SEG is having a great time at the Southern New England Weddings holiday party!, Need some wedding style inspiration? Check out our top 5 celebrity wedding dresses and tuxedos from 2014!, Kim & Scott were such a fun couple! How awesome is this picture at The Villa?

photo credit: Black Thumb Studio, Tis the season for giving! SEG is having a blast at the Rodman Ride Celebration for Kids!, Check out some of our favorite ways to incorporate beautiful bows throughout your wedding day., We had to share a few photos of Sarah & Gerald's gorgeous August tent wedding at The Villa.  

photo credit: Hitched Studios, Kick off your Black Friday with some gorgeous autumn wedding inspiration., We wish you and your family a very Happy Thanksgiving!, Check out our blog to see our favorite ideas for winter wedding shawls., Enjoying night 2 of our Spring Menu Tasting at Saphire Estate., Having a blast with all our couples at Saphire Estate's Spring Menu Tasting!, If you are looking for a modern way to incorporate color into your wedding, you have come to the right place. Check out our blog below for some gorgeous color inspiration., Saphire Event Group sends a heartfelt thank you to all who have served our country., Check out these 7 amazing monogram ideas for your big day!, Having a fun night 3 of our Spring Menu Tasting at The Villa., Check out the fun wedding story of our Saphire facebook contest winners., Enjoying night 2 of our Spring Menu Tasting at The Villa., Having a great night with all our couples at The Villa's Spring Tasting., Happy Halloween everyone!! Check out our blog post to see 3 amazing Halloween themed weddings., Check out the gorgeous wedding of our Villa facebook contest winners., Have you refreshed the weather app on your phone 100 times to find the forecast says rain on your wedding day? KEEP CALM AND READ ON! We have some gorgeous photo ideas for you., Yesterday the fashion industry lost a true icon. Oscar de la Renta designed many stunning wedding gowns during his famed career, below is a peak into the creation of one of our favorites., Read our latest blog post for some amazing table number ideas!, Excited to share that The Villa made this list of "Best Unique Boston Wedding Venues." Check out the blog post below!, Check out Amanda & Luiz's beautiful wedding day captured by Diaz Digital Discoveries, LLC
, Looking for a creative Save The Date idea? Check out this week's blog post for some inspiration., Looking for amazing wedding inspiration? Follow us on Pinterest! 
, Since October is Breast Cancer Awareness Month, we have decided to "Go Pink" in our latest blog post. Check it out!
, High fives after a gorgeous Saphire Estate ceremony! 

photo credit: The Yodsukars {Photographic & Cinematic}, Check out this week's blog post for some amazing place card inspiration!, We loved seeing this bridal party having a blast at The Villa!

photo credit: Nikkie Marie Photography, Check out some of our favorite ways to decorate your wedding with balloons., Saphire Estate is picture perfect at night! 

photo credit: Fournier & Malloy Photographers, Check out our top 10 wedding registry selections we believe should make your final cut.
, On this day we pay tribute to our troops, admire the first responders and remember the many lives lost., Check out this gorgeous blue and white tent wedding at The Villa! 

photo credit: Valencia Images, So excited to share our new Saphire Event Group video! Click below to experience the magic of our amazing properties.

Special thanks to: McElroy Films
, Check out some truly beautiful bridal hair accessories!
, Happy Labor Day from all of us at SEG., Check out our blog post below for some bridal bouquet color inspiration.
, Check out the beautiful details from Courtney & Brad's tent wedding at The Villa!

photo credit: Jen Osojnicki, Photographer, Add some flair to your gift table with a creative card box! 
, Being in the" LOVE" business, we had to share this heartwarming video! , Saphire Estate is featured on Style Me Pretty today! 

Check out the gorgeous blog post here: http://www.stylemepretty.com/massachusetts-weddings/2014/08/19/traditional-massachusetts-wedding-at-saphire-estate/, We are proud to announce The Villa has won "Best Wedding Venue in the Boston area- Boston A-List".  Thank you so much to everyone who voted for us!

Check out the article below., Looking for a seasonably appropriate signature drink? Check out these fun recipes below! 
, We had such a great night with all our couples at The Villa Winter Tasting., We can't help but share another gorgeous Saphire Estate sunset.

photo credit: Photography By Angelina Rose, From bird cage to cathedral, we have you covered. Check out our latest blog post and let us know which length is your favorite!, Having a blast with all our couples at the Saphire Estate Winter Tasting., Loving this adorable shot of Sonia & David's "Dog of Honor" napping during their vows at Saphire Estate.

photo credit: Photography By Angelina Rose, Happy Friday everyone! Head over to our blog and check out our favorite groom cake ideas! , The sun came out just in time for Shannon & Brian's gorgeous Saphire Estate wedding this past Sunday. Check out Metzger Studios' blog post below! 

, Looking for an amazing late night treat for your guests? Our "Crispy Wontons" are filled with sweet ricotta cheese and chocolate chips, served over chocolate and caramel sauces. 

photo credit: Fournier & Malloy Photographers, We've rounded up our six favorite ideas for adding some flair to your chairs! Check them out below., The Villa is currently in 1st place with just over a week left to vote!
Thank you to everyone who helped us out. 

If you haven’t had a chance to vote yet, please take a couple minutes to do so, we would love to stay in the TOP spot!! 
, Gearing up for your engagement photos? Hopefully the seven engagement shots below will give you some inspiration for your own shoot., We are excited to share that The Villa has been nominated for Best Wedding Venue in the Boston Area. 

Help us win the top spot by clicking below and voting for The Villa!!, With so many options to choose from, picking the perfect cake topper can be difficult. Check out our blog to see our top ten!
, Surprise your guests with a summertime staple! 

photo credit: Fournier & Malloy Photographers, Check out our blog for some gorgeous wedding sign inspiration!
, Wishing everyone a very happy 4th of July!, We can't get enough of this gorgeous sunset photo at Saphire Estate. 

photo credit: Robert Castagna, Head over to our blog for some amazing wedding thank you card ideas. We hope you love them as much as we do!, Check out these stunning images from Nicole & Greg's Saphire Estate wedding! 

photo credit: (Once Like a Spark) Photography
, We are in love with the table details from this Grand Ballroom wedding at The Villa.

photo credit: Aiden Rhaa Photography
linens: Rentals Unlimited
florals: Judy's Village Flowers, Happy Friday! Head over to our blog for some stunning getaway car inspiration. 
, Want to meet our fabulous SEG couples? Head over to "Our Wedding Portfolio" and check out their wedding stories. 
, Happy Father's Day from all of us at SEG., Looking to wow your guests with amazing wedding favors? Check out this blog post and see our favorite ideas!
, We absolutely love this classic white cake from Yohana & Owen's wedding at The Villa!

photo credit: Aiden Rhaa Photography, From elegant to equestrian, this post has it all. Head over to our blog to see these truly stunning place settings., Our fireplace is the perfect backdrop for this gorgeous table in the Madera Ballroom at The Villa.

photo credit: Dina K Photography, Start off your Friday with a smile and check out our latest blog post! , Today we honor America's true heroes, Happy Memorial Day from all of us at SEG., Our Marketing Manager, Dana Bates, had the honor of meeting the talented Jeff Leatham while in Paris. Head over to our blog and read about her amazing experience!, Thank you Dina K Photography for sharing these amazing photos with us!, Looking for some gorgeous wedding cake ideas? Then head over to our blog and check out this pretty post! 
, Just wrapped up our final Fall Menu Tasting at The Villa. What a spectacular evening!, Another great Fall Menu Tasting at The Villa tonight! Our couples rock....bring on night #3!, We are excited to share that Caitlin & Ben's gorgeous wedding at The Villa was featured on Emmaline Bride! 
, What an awesome Fall Menu Tasting with our Villa couples!!, A very Happy Mother's Day from all of us at SEG., Head over to our blog for some gorgeous wedding color palette inspiration! 
, Round 2 of our Fall Menu Tasting at Saphire Estate was a success! We have so much fun with all our couples., This beautiful weather has us craving a cold treat. Our ice cream lollipops are the perfect bit-size dessert for you and your guests. 

photo credit: Dan Aguirre Photography, We had an amazing night with our fabulous Saphire Estate couples  at the Fall Menu Tasting!!, Tuesday marked 3 years since the royal wedding. Any excuse to take a look back at this amazing day is fine by us!! Check out our blog to relive the wedding of the century. 
, We had a surprise baby shower yesterday at The Villa for our Sales Director Lauren. Congratulations to the mom-to-be!, Happy Transformation Tuesday! Check out this amazing "Before & After" of Saphire Estate., If you love a classic black and white wedding photo as much as we do, this week's blog post is a must read! 
, Check out some fun photos from Emily and Doug's Saphire Estate wedding!
, This blog post takes cuteness to a whole new level. You won't want to miss this one, trust us!
, Check out the Spring/Summer 2014 issue of Boston Weddings. Robin & Lucia's stunning Saphire Estate wedding is featured on pages 120-121., Head over to our blog and check out some stunning bridal hairstyles! From classic updos to modern bobs, we have you covered., © 2012 Fournier & Malloy Photographers / Brian Malloy, We just hit 500 Pins! Head over to our page and check those beauties out!! , The Saphire Event Group family hopes all of our friends at Lakeview Pavilion are safe tonight. Please know we are here to help in anyway that we can., Head over to our blog and check out some of our favorite bridesmaid dresses!, It's official, the fountain at Saphire Estate is on! Spring is in the air., We are ready for springtime sun and gorgeous flowers! Check out this blog post for some wedding centerpiece inspiration.
, Even though we're ready for warmer weather, we had to share this stunning snow filled winter wedding photo taken at The Villa. 

Photo credit: C&C Design Studio, Let the learning begin! Excited to have 3 members of the SEG team attending the Catersource Event-Solutions Conference & Tradeshow. #CSES2014, Calling all shoe lovers...this week's blog post is a MUST read!!, Excited to show off our new custom window treatments in the Madera Lounge. 

photo credit: Metzger Studios, There are so many gorgeous options for wedding invitations, head over to our blog and check out the showstoppers we selected!
, The Villa's Madera Ballroom looked breathtaking in our latest photoshoot. Check out all our new ballroom photos in the gallery on our website by clicking the image below.
, Looking for a unique non-floral wedding bouquet? Click on our blog post below to find some gorgeous ideas! 
, Stay tuned...we will be sharing some amazing new photos of The Madera Ballroom very soon!, We love spotting wedding-inspired gowns on the red carpet. Will the 2014 winner's gown be "white carpet" worthy? 
, Check out our latest blog post for some great father daughter dance songs ideas!
, At Saphire Estate for day 2 of our Summer 2014 Tasting! Check out some of our awesome couples!!, Enjoying great food with our couples at Saphire Estate's Summer 2014 Tasting!, Head over to our Kudos Page and see what clients are saying about our venues!, Happy Friday everyone! Check out our latest blog post for some inspiring ideas!, Want to select an amazing hors d'oeuvre? Our chef created Shrimp and Cucumber Salad on Toasted Rosemary Bread is unbelievably delicious and refreshing. 

Photo credit: Black Thumb Studio, Calling all pet lovers! Check out our latest blog post for some great ways include your furry friend in your big day! , At The Villa for day two of our Summer 2014 Tasting. Amazing food and great company, we are having such a blast!, We had such a great time with all our couples at The Villa's Summer 2014 Tasting!, We loved the fun colors and energetic vibe at Amanda & Matthew's wedding in The Villa's Grand Ballroom!

Photo credit: Garnick Moore Photographers, For us New Englanders it has been one white winter! Check out our latest blog post for a virtual escape to the tropics. Love the snow? Don't worry, we have a fabulous pick for you as well. Happy Reading., Awesome heels and colorful ankle socks add an element of fun to any wedding day look. We love this adorable shot from Lisa & Nick's wedding at Saphire Estate.

Photo credit: Lens CAP Productions, How about a little sneak peak of our newly updated Madera Ballroom at The Villa!

Photo credit: Black Thumb Studio, Crystals and bows and pink...OH MY!!! Click on the link below to view our newest blog post!
, Check out this cocktail hour favorite...Mashed Potato Bar With All The Fixings. 

Photo credit: Berryphotos, We are blogging again! Click the link below to check out our latest post.
, We love sharing amazing highlight films! Check out Ashleigh & Jeffrey's wedding day at Saphire Estate.  

Wedding videography: McElroy Weddings, We are excited to announce that both our venues, Saphire Estate and The Villa won WeddingWire Couples' Choice Awards 2014! 

This means we are in the top 5% of Wedding Pros nationwide. The WeddingWire Couples' Choice Awards™ recognizes the top local wedding professionals from the WeddingWire Network that demonstrate excellence in quality, service, responsiveness and professionalism.

Thank you to all our amazing couples!, A gorgeous pre-ceremony gown shot is a photography must have! Our feature wall in the Grand Ballroom at The Villa is a perfect backdrop. 

Photo credit: Garnick Moore Photographers, Saphire Estate looked stunning in our latest photoshoot. Check out all our new ballroom photos in the gallery on our website by clicking the image below.

Photo credit: Fournier & Malloy Photographers
Florals: Purple Statice
Linens: Rentals Unlimited, Having a winter wedding? Welcome your guests with our delicious Hot Apple Cider with Cinnamon Stick Stirrers. 

Photo credit: Berryphotos, Happy New Year from all of us at Saphire Event Group! We are so excited for all our upcoming 2014 weddings!, Wishing you and your family a happy, healthy holiday season., This is such a heartwarming story, we had to share! Whether you have seen the movie Up or not, this will touch your soul., We are proud to see both The Villa and Saphire Estate featured in the new issue of Southern New England Weddings magazine. Pick yourself up a copy and check us out!, We are excited to announce our winning couples. Congratulations to...

Saphire Estate - Paul Chaisson & Hal Costa

The Villa - Carrie Farias & Clayton Jenkins, Our Couples Contest has officially come to a close! A HUGE thank you to all our finalists for making this such a fun and exciting competition. We will be posting our official winners on Monday!, It’s the holiday season, in the spirit of giving we have decided to choose not 1, but 2 winning couples! 

We will be awarding a free upgrade to the couple with the most “likes” from Saphire Estate AND to the couple with the most “likes” from The Villa. 

There is only 1 week left, keep those votes coming!, Congratulations to our 5 finalists! The voting has begun! 

Want to make sure your vote counts? 

All you have to do is “like” your favorite contest photo below AND “like” the Saphire Event Group page by Friday 12/13/13.

We will post the official winning couple on 12/16/13. 

BEST OF LUCK!, CONTEST FINALIST

Meaghan McMahon & Ryan Gelinski- 1.31.14

The Villa has a quiet elegance, without being boisterous or flashy. It is cozy and intimate, but not small. It's perfect! We are most looking forward to having our family and friends, who are scattered across the United States, all together with us to celebrate our special day., CONTEST FINALIST

Christina Caban & Andrew Killoran- 7.19.14

Coming across Saphire Estate we instantly were pulled in with elegance and profound beauty. We had been searching for the perfect location to share our love with our guests. The moment we await is our eyes meeting for the last time as single, and first as husband and wife., CONTEST FINALIST

Paul Chaisson & Hal Costa- 9.12.14

We choose the venue because of its beautiful surroundings, reputation and impeccable service.  And because the day we arrived at Saphire, it felt like home.  Our excitement stems from many years of dreaming of the day when we could share our bond, commitment and celebration with those who are dear to us both.  Thank you for your consideration., CONTEST FINALIST

Carrie Farias & Clayton Jenkins- 7.19.14

We chose The Villa for its beautiful location, rustic/modern decor, and delicious food! (We are both suckers for good food!) We started dating 11 years ago at the young age of 15 and are excited to FINALLY tie the knot.  Your vote for us would be much appreciated! Thanks!, CONTEST FINALIST

Samantha Brady & Daniel Beers- 1.11.14

The Villa undoubtedly was love at first sight! Using the Madera Ballroom for our ceremony, intimate and romantic, and The Grand Ballroom for our reception, chic and grand. It encompasses all aspects we wanted. We're most excited to awe our guests with a gorgeous wedding, and to Finally be Mr. And Mrs.!, Stay tuned...our 5 contest finalists will be posted in fifteen minutes. 

Remember for your vote to count, you must "like" the picture AND the Saphire Event Group page! 

Best of luck!!!, We wish you and your family a very Happy Thanksgiving!, We love this stunning bridal party picture on Saphire Estate's grounds! 

Photo credit: Stay Focused Photography, What a spectacular wedding at Saphire Estate this past Saturday, November 16th. It was a gorgeous day for an outdoor ceremony and some amazing pictures by the lake! 

Photo credit: Berryphotos, Check out this fun highlight video from Lisa & Nick's wedding at Saphire Estate. 

Videography by: MILLIONmotions

http://vimeo.com/79424178, OUR COUPLES CONTEST DEADLINE IS THIS FRIDAY 11/22! Be sure to send in your submission if you haven't already. 

The winning couple will receive 1 FREE UPGRADE to add to their wedding package and will have a feature story on our facebook page., This video takes choreographed dancing to the next level. It's part first dance, part flash mob and completely awesome! Do you have a surprise planned for your big day?

http://www.huffingtonpost.com/2013/11/15/dirty-dancing-wedding_n_4284018.html, There's ONLY 1 WEEK LEFT to send in your submission for our couples competition!!!!!

Remember, the winning couple will receive 1 FREE UPGRADE to add to their wedding package and will have a feature story on our facebook page., Another fun night with our couples at The Villa's Spring Menu Tasting., Saphire Event Group just hit 2,100 likes! We love all our fantastic facebook friends!, Having a blast at our Spring Menu Tasting at The Villa., Facebook friends....head over to Pinterest, check out our amazing wedding boards and follow us!!!, Saphire Event Group sends a heartfelt thank you to all who have served our country., Saphire Estate's Spring Menu Tasting is in full swing! We are having an amazing time with all our fabulous couples., We absolutely love this gorgeous photo. "Like" if you agree that Saphire Estate looks spectacular after sunset!

Photo credit: Lens CAP Productions, Looking to wow your guests? Our Slider & Fries station is the perfect late night snack., We are loving all the great submissions for our couples competition....KEEP THEM COMING!!! 

Remember, the winning couple will receive 1 FREE UPGRADE to add to their wedding package and will have a feature story on our facebook page., Happy Halloween Everyone!

Photo via: camillestyles.com, CALLING ALL OUR ENGAGED COUPLES!!!!!! 

Join in the fun and enter the Saphire Event Group Couples Competition! The winning couple will receive 1 FREE UPGRADE to add to their wedding package and will have a feature story on our facebook page.

See image for contest details and how to enter..., This might just be our best "First Look Friday" photo yet! We are big fans of having fun at Saphire Estate.

Photo credit: Nicole Chan Photography, Purple uplighting and accent details look gorgeous in the Grand Ballroom at The Villa. 

Photo credit: Angela Greenlaw Photography, This photo from The Villa is absolute perfection. Black calla lilies always look amazing against a white bridal gown!  

Photo credit: Bharat Parmar Photography, We absolutely love this wedding highlight video of Dave & Linda's big day at Saphire Estate!, Happy "First Look Friday" everyone! We absolutely love this photo of our bride and groom from The Villa. It's exciting to see the moment right before the couple's first look! 

Photo credit: Bharat Parmar Photography, Vera Wang showed a very colorful collection at Bridal Fashion Week in NYC. Post your comments below, we’d love to hear your thoughts!

http://www.today.com/style/nice-day-pink-wedding-vera-wang-debuts-colorful-bridal-collection-8C11399842, Let’s start off Wednesday with some sensational sweets! We love how gorgeous this cupcake stand looks against the architectural wall at The Villa. Photo credit: Angela Greenlaw Photography, Truly a picture perfect setting for an outdoor ceremony at The Villa. 

Photo credit: A. Anaiz Photography, The Madera bridal suite courtyard at The Villa is the perfect setting to capture a gorgeous “First Look Friday” photo. Photo credit: Dina K Photography, Our amazing Asian Station is always a crowd pleaser during cocktail hour!!, We are proud to announce that both of our amazing venues, Saphire Estate and The Villa, are now members of Style Me Pretty’s Little Black Book!, Gray and yellow is always a gorgeous combination in the tent at The Villa. Photo credit: Lens CAP Productions, “First Look Friday” is back again! We are excited to share another stunning bridge shot at Saphire Estate. Photo credit: Photo & Video by Joe Goldsberry, We are extremely proud to announce that Saphire Estate has reached an exciting milestone, 100 reviews on WeddingWire! Thank you to our amazing clients., Saphire Event Group is on Pinterest! Head over and check us out!
 
http://www.pinterest.com/saphireevents, October is Breast Cancer Awareness month, so show off your pink proudly! We have major pink pride in this Grand Ballroom setup at The Villa. Photo credit: Lens CAP Productions, This little princess must love gorgeous wedding gowns as much as we do! Photo credit: Metzger Studios, We are so excited for this amazing “First Look Friday” post! Our bridge at Saphire Estate is the perfect spot to capture your big reveal. Photo credit: Molly Anne Photography, We always love a little family fun at a Saphire Estate wedding! Photo credit: Nicole Chan Photography, Spectacular is an understatement when it comes to a Saphire Estate sunset. Photo credit: Photo & Video by Joe Goldsberry, Check out this beauty we had at The Villa. It’s sure to make your Tuesday a little sweeter!

Cake: Konditor Meister Inc.
Photo credit: Nikkie Marie Photography, What a fun photo from The Villa to kick off our new “First Look Friday” posts. Photo credit: Black Thumb Studio, If you love table details as much as we do, these bow napkins at Saphire Estate are sure to make you smile. Photo credit: Molly Anne Photography, Thank you so much to all our brides, grooms, friends and fans. We hit 2,000 likes today!! Happy Wedding Wednesday!, Fall is in the air! Our stunning fireplace at Saphire Estate is the perfect spot for your first kiss as Mr. and Mrs. 
 
Photo credit: Dina K Photography, Nothing like a gorgeous photo to brighten up this rainy Monday morning. We absolutely adore this shot of our bride and groom at The Saphire Estate. Photo Credit: Katie Hall Photography, What a perfect day for a cold glass of lemonade! Loving the new lounge outside the tent at The Villa. Photo credit: Lens CAP Productions, On this day we pay tribute to our troops, admire the first responders and remember the many lives lost. It was an honor to host this military wedding at The Villa this past summer. Photo credit: Dina K Photography, One of the many benefits of getting married on a golf course!  Congrats to Trisha and Michael who tied the knot in May at The Villa. Photo credit: Team Yu Photography, Wishing all of our amazing clients, vendors, staff, family and friends a Happy Labor Day., Serenity...  an amazing sunset from the Saphire Estate beach on Lake Massapoag., Just adorable.. We love to see our clients get creative! Congrats to Marci and Christopher who tied the knot on June 16th at Saphire Estate. Photo Credit: Berry Photos, Stunning just about sums it up!  An amazing photographer can create magic, even in a doorway at The Villa.  Photo credit: Dina K Photography, A fabulous way to entertain your guests during the cocktail hour! The courtyard at Saphire Estate is the perfect space for fun and games! Photo credit: Bryce Vickmark Editorial and Commercial Photography, What a beautiful table set up this weekend in the Madera Ballroom at The Villa.  Flowers by Orchid's N Bloom., We will never tire of the classic lake sunset photo and this is a stunner!  Congratulations to Jen and Ryan who tied the knot on June 21st at Saphire Estate.  Photo Credit Zev Fisher Photography, We are so IN LOVE with the new fireplace in the Grand Ballroom, we had to post another picture!  Photo Credit: Lens CAP Productions, Check out the new fire pit and lounge furniture in the tent area at The Villa.  Makes us want to relax and have a cool cocktail!  Photo Credit: Lens CAP Productions, Loving this photo!  Congratulations to Sarah and Paul who tied the knot this past Saturday at Saphire Estate.  Photo credit: HinkleyPhoto, Here is a little sneak peek of the new lounge set up in the Grand Ballroom!  It is even more spectacular in person!, Can someone say Gatsby Chic! We love this roaring 20's theme for Samantha and Marco's wedding tonight at The Villa!, Congratulations to Meghan and Jim who tied the knot at Saphire Estate on May 4th., One of the most creative ways to use the bar we have ever seen!  We absolutely love this! Photo Credit: Dina K Photography, Wishing all of our staff, clients, family and friends a fabulous day of fireworks and celebrating!  Happy 4th of July!, The new architectural wall in the Grand Ballroom makes for a stunning backdrop for a ceremony, formal pictures or a cake!  Almost too pretty to eat! Photo Credit Robert Castagna Photography, Thanks for sharing this photo Christina! We had so much fun hosting the big day for you and Roy! Congrats!, Another gorgeous shot of the Grand Ballroom.  We love the use of two different uplight colors.  It makes a stunning impact! Photo Credit Robert Castagna Photography, Check out this unique escort card table centerpiece from Sandra and Brian's wedding last night at The Villa!, Congrats to Jacqueline and Michael who tied the knot last night in the newly designed Grand Ballroom at The Villa.  Wishing you both a lifetime of happiness!  Photo Credit Robert Castagna Photography, Not to "toot our own horn", but this was too nice not to share.  Thank you Lena for sharing!
"Hi my name is Lena and I got married at the Villa July 16th 2011. Yesterday I went to a wedding at another venue I almost booked for my wedding and couldn't have been more disappointed. It was nothing I would have wanted for myself and the staff were horrible. I want to thank you again for an amazing day that I still think about almost 2 years later. The venue, food, and staff were everything and more I wanted for my big day and I NEVER regret the decision I've made to book with you. Thank you for holding up to the quality of service you strive for." 
Sincerely,
Lena Silva, Albeit, not the best quality photo, but we couldn't wait to share a peek at the new 12' fireplace in the Grand ballroom at The Villa.  It is absolutely spectacular!, Making the rain look magical!  Congrats to Amanda and Vinny who tied the knot on June 7th at The Villa.  Photo credit: Bharat Parmar Photography, We absolutely agree with Prudente Photography, the details at Matt and Jessica's wedding this weekend, at the Villa, were very creative! , Loving these beautiful and romantic pink accents at Saphire Estate. Congrats to Lisa and Ryan who tied the knot last night!, Wishing every Dad a wonderful day celebrating with their loved ones!  Happy Father's Day!, Hey Friends! We are having so much fun sharing our Bride's and Groom's big days! 

Help us get to 2,000 'Likes' by then end of June! 

Get all your friends and family to 'Like' our page - They just might see your big day posted here!, Looking for unique cocktail hour ideas? Our clients in the Tent's Garden this past Sunday designed their Cornhole set to represent their Alma Maters (Illinois and Syracuse) and set them up for guests to challenge each other throughout the night!, Great work by Bharat Parmar, one of this weekends photographers at The Villa!  , Rustic Tent Wedding for our brides Erica and Tara this past Sunday! Can you say Garden Chic?!, This Tiffany blue color scheme is the perfect look for a June wedding!  We just loved all the little touches that this weekends DIY bride put into her big day!, Check out these adorable Gummy Bear Stirrers from our Mocktail station at the Gardner Mitzvah last night!, A modern twist to the traditional garter toss - how cool is this!, Exotic peacock feathers enhance this beautiful table shown at our tasting last night at Saphire Estate., How great is this cake?  A modern version of a traditional bride's cake done by Artisan Bakery wowed guests this past weekend in the Madera Ballroom., Personalize the main entrance with beautiful monogram floral letters like Christina and Ryan at The Villa last night!, Don't let a little gray dampen your big day. Some of our favorite photographers tell us overcast skies make for some great shots! 
Be brave! Maybe get creative with some cute umbrellas., A unique alternative for your escort card set-up! 

Helen Dixon of Euphorbia Floral Design made our bride Sara's vision come to life with this bed of pink carnations., Check us out on Style Me Pretty!

http://www.stylemepretty.com/venue/the-villa-at-ridder-country-club/, The Redbud Tree in the courtyard at Saphire Estate is in full bloom.  We strategically placed this magnificent tree here because the of the heartshaped leaves.  Ahhh... love is in the air!, One of our all time favorite fall pics at Saphire Estate.  Photo credit: www.metzgerstudios.com, Another happy couple.. thank you to Adam and Leanne for allowing us to share this beautiful video!   

http://vimeo.com/idocinematography/villaweddingsvideo, The fireplace at Saphire Estate...  pretty in purple!
photo credit: www.BerryPhotos.com, Wishing all the moms out there a fabulous day today and every day!, Gorgeous cherry blossoms adorn the pergola at Saphire Estate for this evening's ceremony. Congratulations to Perry and Ariana!, Let them eat... cupcakes!  Ditch the traditional cake like Trisha and Michael last night at The Villa., April showers bring May flowers and.... 
The Tent at The Villa!

We are ready for Summer and so excited it is finally up!, Part two of yesterday's proposal.  You will definitely need another box of tissues!
http://youtu.be/tXAg5XdK8ac, By far one of the best proposals ever... Make sure you have the tissues for this one!
http://youtu.be/5_v7QrIW0zY, Looking to incorporate Man's Best Friend in your nuptials? Dawn and Stephen 4.21.13 at Saphire Estate had "Skittles" as the ring bearer for their outdoor ceremony. Seriously... could he be any cuter?
photo credit by: CC.Designs, Rene Rancourt surprised the guests at Dawn & Stephen's Wedding 4.21.13 at Saphire Estate!  Photo credit to Robin Howard at C&C Design Studio., We are so excited it is outdoor ceremony season!, Bring a little of the inside out doors with your decor! 

This glamorous chandelier adorns our garden ceremony today at The Villa. This incredible look is courtesy of one of our preferred florists - Tamara Reid Designs!, What a great way to personalize your cocktail lounge furniture! Our bride at The Villa this evening customized a few throw pillows with their monogram!, Check out this amazing video clip from Kristie and Matt's Villa Wedding on April 12th.  Congrats to the newlyweds!
Photo Credit: Photography by Marcia
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=A_nxGWHKyvw, Pretty in Pink at Saphire Estate.  Photo by: Metzger Studios, 'To have and to hold'
These beautiful hands covered in Henna belong to our Bride Sara at The Villa this evening! Gorgeous!, For all you shoppers out there... Gilt Group has their
Wedding Event Sale happening!  Everything amazing from dresses, accessories, gifts and honeymoons on sale!  It's fun just to browse!

http://www.gilt.com/sale/women/bridal-spring-2013/ss, After an emotional and stressful week we can now all breathe a sigh of relief!  Looking forward to some amazing weddings this weekend!, Another amazing shot of the new chandeliers..  when they say lighting is everything, they aren't kidding!  We are IN LOVE with these lights!
photo by Lens Cap Productions, Congratulations to Kristina and Erik! 4.5.13 at Saphire Estate., What a cute way to make your shoes a keepsake!, Sending our love to all those affected by the horrific events today., Our passion for providing the most elegant surroundings continues with the addition of  dazzling new chandeliers to Saphire Estate, Check out this incredible alternative to a ceremony program! 

Our Bride Kristie Smith even did the art work herself!, Remember to keep us in mind for more than just weddings! We'd love to host your corporate luncheon, special occasion party, and much more., "Spring Wedding Cakes Offer So Many Options"
Learn why and see more creations here: http://bit.ly/10WF0Ju, Want! , For you fruit fanatics...
Photo credit: Manchik Photography, Want to sell your wedding dress? PreOwnedWeddingDresses.com. "estimates a gown’s worth based on the label, collection year, date purchased, price paid and other characteristics.", Hope you had a lovely weekend! Here's some springtime inspiration. Bring on the warm weather, Monday!, Pretty in pink!, Today's blog...
"5 Beautiful Bohemian Wedding Veils": http://bit.ly/10A4H2i, SEG staff night out at the Celtics Game!, It's Wacky Wedding Wednesday, friends! Check out this quirky cake topper., Oscar de la Renta can do no wrong., We can't wait to see the courtyard at Saphire Estate looking like this again! Hurry up warm weather :)

Photograph by Freestyle Weddings of Karen and Jerry's wedding., Ombré spray painted bottles filled with candles...perfection., Amazingly adorable tips on how to stage a photo-op from one of our favorite bridal brands, BHLDN!, Who's in the mood for a mood board? 
"Spring Colors 2013: Lilac Wedding Inspiration", Wacky Wedding Wednesday!

This couple walked on stilts to their ceremony at a church in Amsterdam., Do you have a favorite celebrity wedding?, A gorgeous photograph by Freestyle Weddings of Karen and Jerry's wedding at Saphire Estate!, A little Sunday afternoon love inspiration., An open back can be awfully glamorous., Where is your ultimate honeymoon destination?, This week's blog is "Budget Tips: Non-Floral Aisle Decor"!, Check out this magical winter shot at Saphire Estate on December 29th.  Congrats to Lauren and Thomas Szumita.
Photo by  Cristina Hajosy, The bling on the back of that dress...OH MY <3

Image credit: Birds of a Feather, This video is bound to give you a mid-day laugh :), Happy St. Patrick's Day! Hope you're enjoying a tasty cocktail or two :), Our Groom tonight built this custom log cupcake tower for his Bride!

It came complete with Guinness cupcakes for St. Patrick's Day!, Look how our Bride at the McLaughlin/Cameron wedding tonight surprised her Hubby!, Check out this unique alternative to escort cards at The Villa today!

Vintage window panes with guest's names and seating assignments painted on the glass!, Gorgeous DIY project from Style Me Pretty!

Learn how to make these faux coral candlesticks, which would work great as centerpieces, here: http://bit.ly/Zra2bq, WACKY WEDDING WEDNESDAY!
This 6 ft edible bridal gown was created by Donna Millington-Day and consists of 17 tiers of sponge cake, 22 kilograms of sugar paste icing, one kilogram of royal icing and hundreds of sugar pearls.

Guess how many people it feeds below!, We are absolutely loving the Sulu Sea Ring Holder for only $18 from BHLDN!, A wishing tree can be a fantastic alternative to a traditional guest book., Art deco cakes- yay or nay?, Have you ever considering incorporating the nature around you to create a wedding arch?

Photo via Grey Likes Weddings., Sometimes all it takes is a hat to make an entire outfit!, Proof that engagement photos don't have to be serious to be awesome!, Our venue, Saphire Esate, has been spotted in Bliss Celebrations Guide again!, A heart instead of flowers...What do you think?
Image via Green Wedding Shoes., Such a thoughtful DIY touch!, Want a piece of this cake? It was served at the 1947 wedding of Queen Elizabeth II and the Duke of Edinburgh. The highest bid is currently £560!, "Twenty 2013 Awards Show Dresses That Could Be Wedding Gowns"

Which dress would you wear on your wedding day? Comment below!, Absolutely obsessed with this hanging floral display! 
Via Brooklyn Bride, We're so happy to have our venue, Saphire Estate, featured in Bliss Celebrations Guide!

www.blisscelebrationsguide.com, Have you heard of "Borrow Me"? It sounds awesome! Brides can order gowns from the website, keep them for two days to try on, and either buy them or mail them back!, Fancy puppy collars are the best :), We're pretty sure it's almost impossible to look at this picture and not think, "Awwwww"., Perfect for the warm spring and summer months, these treats are a lot more versatile than they might seem! 
Here's why:, We thought we'd get back to honoring Wacky Wedding Wednesday!, We just found out J Crew is currently offering 20% off most of their wedding section :), For all you DIY lovers...
Have you checked out Michaels' new DIY wedding site? So many great ideas!, A shot from Cassie and Richard's wedding at The Villa on January 4th!, Some fabulous French flair!, Which iconic wedding outfit was YOUR favorite?, These dresses are AMAZING and right on trend. You don't want to miss this week's blog!, Happy Valentine's Day, loves!, What a tasty proposal ;), A very winter wedding cake. Yay or nay?, A beautiful shot by Jen Osojnicki, Photographer from Michelle and Joe's blizzard wedding at Saphire Estate!, Cold from all that shoveling? These DIY hand warmers may be just what you need! They're also perfect for a winter wedding!, Stay warm and stay safe, everyone!, This week on the blog...

"10 Ways to Incorporate Fruit Into Your Wedding" http://bit.ly/X9GwI5, If you could describe your dream wedding in one word what would it be?, Going to a Valentine's Day wedding? This look from Anthropologie would be perfect!, Do you like bow veils?, Check out Jen Osojnicki Photography's blog about Christine and Dan's winter wedding at our venue, The Villa!, Flower girls reacting to the first kiss- HAHA!
Image credit: Studio Cabrelli, You're going to LOVE these!, How awesome are these B Wedding Invitations? We have a feeling laser cut invites will be increasing in popularity this year!
Image via Wedding Chicks, For a very colorful couple :), Zuhair Murad for Rosa Clará...beautiful., Are you a fan of the braided crown?, Have any of you used NewlyWish? It looks like a pretty cool alternative for those who would rather register at local shops than big department stores., Guess what? You can kiss the bride for under $10!, Why not offer cake bites? You can have multiple flavors, and they are the perfect sampling size! 

Photo via Green Wedding Shoes, This infographic is awesome! 
Via: Huffington Post, Such a great idea!, We are whipping up some of our signature chocolate martinis on this fine Sunday morning at The Villa for the Errante/Battaglia wedding!

.... And yes, those are white chocolate bits for our martini station decor!, An adorable shot from Christine & Dan's wedding at The Villa! 

Photo credit: Jen Osojnicki, Photographer, This week's wedding blog is all about comfortable fashion for brides! Would you buy one of these shirts we picked out?, Katelyn here! Signing off from The Special Event Show 2013 here in Chicago! 

Thank you for following all of my live reports! Now back to Boston to share all these great ideas with our beautiful Saphire Estate and Villa brides!, Look at how this local Chicago caterer got creative with their display .... 'Floating Food' 

These plexi-glass  squares were suspended from the ceiling at different levels to create a lasting impression with the guests!, Succulents are trending in floral design here at The show! Below  is a cocktail table centerpiece courtesy of AFR - our source for event lounge furniture!, Katelyn here! Checking in from the expo floor where the tabletop competition is underway! 

Check out this incredible floral table runner!, What do you think? Are these really the 10 most romantic wedding songs out there?, Spice up your traditional look with sassy jewels!

You can snag this necklace at Anthropologie for only $40: http://anthrpl.ge/XevJJ8., We are so thankful to all of our amazing clients... you have once again voted us Wedding Wire's Bride's Choice 2013!  Thank you for choosing us to be part of your special day!, Nothing says Chicago like an evening at the House of Blues! 

Check out this unique hors d'oeuvres station... A wrought iron piece of art work with suspended wine glasses placed upside down to hold the small bites! To top it all off - it rotates! 

What a WOW factor!, Check out this behind the scenes sneak peak I got of the construction of some major floral arrangements!!

Creative genius at work..., Hey Everyone! Katelyn here....

It's a balmy 29 degrees here in the Windy City but the latest design trends are red hot!

Here are three big ideas to get you inspired:

1. Surprise your guests with unusual combos! Mix patterns and textiles - check out the latest couture fashion for inspiring and unusual pairing! 

2. Bring the indoors out and the outdoors in. Think plush pillows for seating or giant chandeliers hanging from trees around your outdoor cocktail space. Try using elements such as wood or moss in your decor to bring a unique and unexpected atmosphere to your event!

3. Take large ideas and scale them down. Check out modern art installations for inspiration to help create your unique vision - take the general idea and create a smaller or simpler version to fit your event!, Some wise words of advice from our friends at MA Wedding Guide! Read when "When Wedding Styles Collide" below., Champagne with a popsicle!, Happy Friday to all our Brides and Grooms out there!
Be sure to stay tuned – our Event Sales Manager Katelyn Hill will be reporting live starting Monday evening from The Special Event Show 2013 in Chicago, Illinois.
 
Keep an eye out as she shares some of the latest in wedding design trends and the newest culinary creations from some of the top industry leaders coast to coast!, Worried your guests may be a little cold as the sun goes down on your big day? Give them a Pashmina as a wedding favor!, See 9 other unique wedding finger foods here: http://bit.ly/10iUIT3, Wacky Wednesday is here...Bridesmaids dressed up as different Disney princesses., Okay, so these aren't exactly winter bridesmaids dresses, but these ladies look so darn fashionable, we couldn't resist posting it., How about a lavender mojito?

See recipe here: http://bit.ly/VOpUCc., How bold would you go?, This dress by Monique Lhuillier...OH MY ♥

Photograph courtesy of Jen Fariello Photography via Style Me Pretty., Is wedding confetti the new glitter?!
See what we have to say here: http://bit.ly/UJ3kx9, Would you give retro-glam hair and makeup a try?, Hope your first day of 2013 is going great!, Shine bright like diamonds tonight! Stay safe :), WOW...
Now that's what we call an exit!, Do you agree with what these wedding experts had to say? Were these the top wedding trends of 2012?, Kate Winslet is such a lucky lady. Not only did she just pull off a top-secret wedding, she also had Leonardo DiCaprio walk her down the aisle!, Using cute little noisemakers is a great alternative to throwing rice., Thoughts on this winter mini-cake?, Happy Holidays from us to you!, Sparkling snow pears!, We loved this so much, we had to share it., We so appreciate all of you who take the time to read our blog, "Doing the 'I Do'!". What topics would you like to see us cover in the new year?, We're bringing you a little history on the blog today! 

Ever wonder why brides and grooms give away wedding favors? The answer may surprise you!, Who's looking forward to reading Style Me Pretty's new book? It went on sale yesterday!, Our sweet craving of the day? Toasted marshmallow ice cream s'morewiches! They'd be great at a bridal shower.

Learn how to make them here: http://bit.ly/T5jJus., LOVING this winter wedding favor idea! Fill the cups with coffee, hot chocolate or tea., Don't forget to provide your guests with a place to leave you good luck wishes!, Put this song on your winter wedding playlist!, Get Creative: DIY Bride and Groom Chairs: http://bit.ly/UcKQCH, Another shot by Dina K Photography of Sarah and Andrew Larocque's wedding at Saphire Estate!, Would you consider a streamer background?, Last Thursday, Pantone announced the 2013 color of the year...emerald green! Thoughts?, DIY idea of the day...
Spray paint moss in the shape of a heart to make it look like it's covered in snow., Having a late-night comfort food bar at your reception? Eggnog cookies are bound to be a big hit!, Invited to a winter wedding? Here's how to accessorize for it!, This shoe could be the perfect fit for a winter bride!, An adorable shot of Sarah and Andrew Larocque on their wedding day at Saphire Estate.

Photo courtesy of Dina K Photography., It's not Wacky Wedding Wednesday, but we really wanted to share this...

Yumi Katsura just debuted these wedding dresses she designed with lights!, Have a loved one who can't make it to your big day?, How awesome is this cake topper from Sarah and Kyle's wedding at Saphire Estate? 

Photo courtesy of Jen Osojnicki, Photographer., "Six Ways to Simple Wedding Hair"
See which look works best for you here: http://bit.ly/VgQf0l., A few weekends ago at The Villa, Quinn Carter tied her escort cards to little glass jars filled with hot cocoa mix and mini marshmallows. This seasonal favor is something all of your guests are guaranteed to love!, An oldie, but a goodie...
Take a look at this gorgeous fall wedding inspiration shoot from Green Wedding Shoes' archive: http://bit.ly/TsaULU., A knit tie...yay or nay?, It was love at first sight when we saw Mr. and Mrs. Sivillo's wedding cake at our venue, Saphire Estate., What do you think of these new BHLDN wedding dresses?, These DIY Cinnamon Applesauce Heart Ornaments not only look adorable, they smell pretty great too! 

Learn how to make them here: http://bit.ly/QzP7Uq., Enjoy your holiday :)
Photo via Green Wedding Shoes, They say it’s good luck if it rains on your wedding day... 
Based on the glowing faces of Stacey and Joe, we have no doubt they will live happily ever after! Thank you for letting us be a part of your special day. McElroy Weddings, We are so excited to announce that The Villa and Saphire Estate both just got "Best of the Knot 2012!"  Thank you to all of our amazing clients that voted for us!, Too simple or just right?, Just saw this on RuffledBlog, and we are completely in love., Isn't this table setting from Mr. and Mrs. Sivillo's wedding at Saphire Estate just gorgeous?, Cake or cupcakes? Here's the perfect solution!, Here are seven flower girl dresses that made us say "Awwww!" out loud..., Looking for a way to nix those nerves on the big day? Why not try a calm yoga session with your bridesmaids before starting hair and makeup! Just 20 minutes of deep breathing and simple poses can help relax those pre-wedding jitters and produce endorphins - a natural hormone that makes us happy!, Absolutely in love with this Mary Poppins inspired wedding photo!, What a fabulous idea for all of our brides-to-be! We can't stress enough how important it is to have all of your vendor info readily available on the big day. Providing everyone with the correct info will allow you to relax knowing everything will be taken care of and go off without a hitch., Patience Allen and Louis Sivillo were wed at Saphire Estate on September 28th. Here they are strolling through our courtyard in the rain <3, So precious! 

This couple never had the opportunity to have their wedding photo taken until now, nearly 90 years later., This week's blog...
"Wedding Cakes Without Icing Don't Have to Be Ugly!"
Read here: http://bit.ly/RlN2I7, It may seem early, but snow has already started to dust the ground at our two venues!, Candy apple wedding favors? Yes, please!, Our fountain at Saphire Estate, Loving the bold necklaces on these bridesmaids!

Via: Wedding Chicks, Such a nice post about The Villa from DJ Gary Titus!, We've handpicked the best DIY wedding ideas of 2012!, Happy Halloween :), How creative are you willing to get with your bouquet?, Hurricane Sandy is arriving. Stay safe! XO, Looking at an array of vintage bridal photos on this lazy Sunday..., Who's painting pumpkins and prepping for Halloween on this perfect New England day?, Wow your guests before they even see the wedding invitation with a fabulously decorated envelope., "We Love a Donut Wedding!"

Here are 10 different ways to make these yummy morsels part of your wedding day: http://bit.ly/UHOcSe., We can't wait to pick up a copy of this!, Spice up your bottles with decorative stoppers! These are available in "Kara's Vineyard Wedding" shop on Etsy., Do you give this unique fall wedding bouquet a thumbs up?, These DIY glittering acorns would be perfect accent decorations at a fall reception!, A video montage of recent weddings at The Villa shot by “I Do Cinematography"!, A little Friday bling for you!, Alycia Barney and Michael Ferrini kicked off the fall wedding season at Saphire Estate on October 5th 2012!, Click here to see "The Top 13 Fall 2013 Bridal Gowns": http://bit.ly/R4Gq1Y., Haha, love it!, For their wedding guest book, Saphire couple Paul and Tammi had all their friends add their thumbprints to this canvas. We love this idea, because it's interactive, fun and a great keepsake to hang in your home!, Beauty and the Beast wedding inspiration!, Do you recognize this room? It's Saphire Estate pre-renovation!

Heather and Jeff celebrated their first wedding anniversary October 1st. Although the space looks quite different now, this video brings back fond memories of our estate and this amazing couple., "Choosing the Perfect Wedding Perfume"
Click below to see a diverse list of fragrances perfect for any bride searching for a scent that fits her personality!, It's Wacky Wedding Wednesday...

This wedding cake doesn't stand a chance against these dinosaurs!

Via: neatorama.com, Kuljit and Robert were wed at Saphire Estate back in April. Check out this gorgeous shot from their big day!, We love this idea via Brides Magazine! A bridal swing is the perfect place to snap photographs., We love the idea of incorporating hand-painted dinnerware  into your reception table settings., Lorna and Michael Bianco love to travel together, so they decided to incorporate this passion into their wedding decor. Check out the "Where in the world are you sitting?" place card table at their Saphire reception!, By now you've probably all seen the grainy photographs of Anne Hathaway at her wedding last Saturday. But check out this gorgeous, original sketch of her dress by the designer, Valentino., We think you'll love "6 Steps to an Autumn Moonlight Wedding"!

See all six steps here: http://bit.ly/Wk99AB, Saphire couple Diane and Tyler Pyburn served their guests the "Junebug" during cocktail hour. The signature drink looked perfect in mason jars with cute colored straws!, Feeling charitable? Here are 5 places you can donate your wedding dress!, This table setting illustrates a popular wedding theme: simple sophistication., Who can resist cheesecake pops?!, This week we're dishing out a few great reasons why mismatched bridesmaid dresses might work for you. 

Click below if you love this trend!, We stumbled across this Beatles-themed wedding this morning and instantly thought...Wacky Wedding Wednesday! 

Look at these other photos and have a smile: http://bit.ly/Oq6yFR., Are you a fan of balloons at weddings or do you think they look too birthday-like?, DIY project of the day...
Arrow napkin ring via http://ruffledblog.com/diy-arrow-napkin-rings/., We've seen flowers on tables, but what about flowers on chairs?, Apple pie bars? Yes, please! Guests will love these scrumptious goodies. 

Make a batch of your own: http://www.mybakingaddiction.com/apple-pie-bars-recipe/., "Get Creative with Your Wedding Bouquet Wrap"
Learn how here: http://bit.ly/R2Q5pg, WACKY WEDDING WEDNESDAY! 

We're guessing this couple really loves Star Wars..., Awesome event for charity...

Running with the Bridesmaids on September 29 in Boston. All proceeds go to the Big Sister Association of Greater Boston!, Did you know....

"Queen Victoria started the Western world's white wedding dress trend in 1840 -- before then, brides simply wore their best dress." 
-Via The Knot, What are your thoughts on these burlap cutlery holders?, So dreamy! A stone fountain overflowing with flowers., We took some of the hottest beauty trends from the runway and translated them into Fall 2012 wedding looks.  

"Like" this if you would consider trying one of them!, On this Wacky Wedding Wednesday...
If you're feeling really crazy, you could get married in a shark tank like this couple did. AHH!, We've seen bride and groom hangers, but never bridesmaid hangers!, Big celebrity wedding news this morning!, The back design on this dress is so unique. Do you like it?, Cute cute cute! Personalized red velvet soaps as guest gifts.
See the rest of this fab wedding here: http://ruffledblog.com/red-barcelona-wedding/., With cooler weather looming on the horizon, we've been inspired by the color mocha! 

Learn how to make it the perfect wedding color palette here: http://bit.ly/TYT7cw., Can you imagine getting married while floating up in the air? This couple did! WACKY WEDNESDAY IS HERE!, Saphire Event Group is more than just weddings! We can host your corporate luncheon, throw a party for your special social occasion and much more., Random fact of the day via tidbitfun.com:
"67% of women continue to wear the same fragrance they wore on their wedding day.", Looking at creative ways to photograph wedding rings. This is an idea we hadn't seen before!, Would you substitute a veil with a headband like this one from Untamed Petals?, Your mission: Take the wedding bow trend from cutesy to classy! Learn how here: http://bit.ly/SYBJXJ., It's that time again...Wacky Wedding Wednesday! 

A friend of ours sent us this awesome article about a couple who climbed 900 ft in full wedding attire to be wed atop Seneca Rocks in West Virginia: http://bit.ly/OuTJV4., These could be really cute wedding desserts! 
Cake Batter Rice Krispie Cupcakes recipe: http://bit.ly/NuYFP1., Awesome blog written about shopping for wedding dresses at BHLDN!, Lauren Halvorson Photography took this impeccable shot of Tanya and Ken Lovetere on their wedding day at our venue, The Villa!, Mr. and Mrs. motorcycle helmets for a post-wedding ride. How cute! 
Via: Ruffled Blog, Get inspired! Here's a sneak peek at "3 Male Wedding Outfits for Fall 2012". 

Click to see the other two outfits we created:  http://bit.ly/NnsQBC, This surprise engagement announcement is certainly taking the media by storm today!, Fun pop quiz for brides on Weddingbee!, Do you think mint green will continue to be a popular wedding color in 2013?, These pie box guest gifts have us thinking about fall. YUM YUM YUM!, A bride and groom caught under the Milky Way on their wedding day. So amazing!

Source: http://huff.to/NJCe4A, Invited to a fall wedding? Here are 5 fantastic dresses you can rock for under $105!, Wacky Wedding Wednesday!

This couple had a Hello Kitty themed wedding at Hong Kong's Mass Transit Railway., How creative are you willing to get with your hair on your wedding day? We're trying to figure out if we'd risk the carousel braid featured on Green Wedding Shoes., We're so happy for Jen! You go girl!, Have you ever considered printed napkins?, Thank you all so much for your votes and support! 
THE VILLA WON BEST WEDDING VENUE on Boston City Voter!, Would you consider incorporating a unity sand ceremony into your wedding day? We'd love to know your thoughts!, It's Wacky Wedding Wednesday...
Check out these funny boutonnieres via Green Wedding Shoes!, What are some topics you would like to read about on our blog?, Celebrity wedding news alert!

Natalie Portman married choreographer Benjamin Millepied over the weekend in Big Sur. Congrats to the happy couple and their beautiful baby boy :), A great shot of Kim and Josh's wedding at The Villa, taken by J.P Langlands Photography!, Just one of the fantastic photos included in our blog "Top 10 Most Unique Honeymoon Accommodations". 

To see more, click here: http://bit.ly/ODwgBH, Check out our latest blog...
"Top 10 Most Unique Honeymoon Accommodations"

WE PROMISE THESE PICTURES WILL NOT DISAPPOINT!, On this Wacky Wedding Wednesday, we thought we'd share an article we stumbled on earlier this morning! 

"11 Great Video Game Wedding Invitations", Have guests sign little white rocks and put them in a clear, glass cylinder to create a decorative piece in your home after the wedding., So smitten with this "DIY Vintage Save-the-Date" project via RuffledBlog!, WOW WOW WOW!, A big thanks to photographer Jen Osojnicki for sending us this lovely picture of Derek and Jessica, who had their special day at The Villa!

To see more photos: http://on.fb.me/Nb2xh6, Get inspired with this week's blog...all about incorporating glitter into your wedding day look!, Having an outdoor reception? Consider introducing indoor, romantic elements to nature., Would you run a 150 meter race for a chance to win your dream wedding? These Serbian brides-to-be did!, We thought we'd try to cure the Monday blues with a fun celebrity wedding photo!, Make your wedding shoes a keepsake!, Friday debate...
Should guests wear white to a wedding?, Done the right way, wedding nails can be the ultimate accessory, so we've given you solid and printed nail options for 9 different wedding themes! 

See them here: http://bit.ly/NUPCjG, It's Wacky Wednesday!  

Facebook co-founder Andrew McCollum gave each of his guests crossword puzzles to complete in case they got bored waiting for the ceremony to begin., Thinking of places you may want to create your wedding registry? Macy's created this adorable video to try to lure you in :), This bridesmaid dress looks a bit like Gwen Stefani's wedding gown back in 2002!, Glamour magazine hits us with 6 over-the-top wedding dresses from the couture fashion shows!, Love the tables at your reception too much to cover them? Try a ruffled table runner!, Click "Like" if you're a fan of this intricate cap sleeve wedding dress and our latest blog about the trend: http://bit.ly/NB3wdY., Bride and Groom Smart Cars? This qualifies for Wacky Wedding Wednesday!, Have you heard about Blurb wedding books? The platform allows you to create a wedding book online and put all your great pictures to use :), Personalized rock candy wedding favors. Yum yum!, Did you know?
In 2011, the average engagement period was 14 months., Here's a Friday brainteaser for you...
Do you know why the groom wears a boutonniere?

Click the link below to see if you guessed correctly!, A great snapshot from an engagement photo shoot featured on Love & Lavender. See the rest of the session here: http://bit.ly/O99Gzz, Who's up for a strawberry margarita popsicle?! Happy 4th of July everyone! Be safe :), We're so excited for the holiday! What will YOU be doing?, What an adorable DIY project! If you don't have the budget for flowers, you can line your wedding aisle with paper hearts on little sticks., Talk about detailing! We can't stop staring at this gown from Carol Hannah's Spring 2013 Collection., "Colin and his comedian wife Anna Ryan came up with the idea" as a joke, but then they started selling!, "On Our Radar: Textured and Ruffled Wedding Dresses"
See more beautiful photos here: http://bit.ly/LRLQI1, Coconut cake- delightfully delicious and simple!, This viral video definitely gives you a reason to laugh. The wedding party was unharmed and had a great sense of humor about falling into the lake!, Would you wear a tea-length dress? We've seen the style make a comeback lately., This story has been all over the news, and it is absolutely precious!, Feeling sassy? Feathers always do the trick!, Check out this sneak peak of the DVD in the works from Dianne and Tyler's wedding at Saphire Estate on June 2nd.  Compliments of I Do Cinematography!  
https://vimeo.com/44068086, Love winter weddings, but hate the cold?

Here are some fabulous ways to intergrate holiday details into your summer wedding: http://bit.ly/NcBPVY., Parasols are great for summer weddings. They keep the sun off your skin and allow you to look fabulous while doing it!, How many guests did/will you have at your wedding? In 2011, the average number of wedding guests was 141., A square, ombre wedding cake...how trendy!, Anxious about that wedding toast you're going to give? Here are some great tips from the NY Times!, A metallic sheen gives these vintage-style dresses a modern feel., Check out this week's blog! It's all about staying fashionable pre-wedding in kimono style robes. 

http://bit.ly/LNwN68, This definitely qualifies as a Wacky Wedding Wednesday cake!, Could wedding cookies bypass cupcakes in popularity this year?, How about moving pictures in the background at your reception?
Photography credit: W. Scott Chester, The Villa is a nominee for Best Wedding Venue on Boston CityVoter! 

We'd so appreciate your vote if you have a minute :), YUM! This doughnut dessert bar looks delicious and is perfect for a rustic themed wedding., If you have a minute, we'd so appreciate some blog lovin'! All new today :), A big thank you to Wish Upon a Wedding for allowing the Saphire Event Group team the opportunity to use our talents to give back to such a deserving couple. Warmest wishes to Liznay and Norberto who were married last night at The Villa!, It's been quite a while since we've honored Wacky Wedding Wednesday!, The East Coast needs a little sunshine today! Doesn't this candy wedding bouquet make you smile?, If you haven't heard already, Drew Barrymore got married over the weekend! No dress pictures have circulated yet, but we sure are anxious to see the Chanel gown she is rumored to have worn., If you're going for an ultra-femme wedding theme, you might consider this idea. Who doesn't love a little Chanel?, "Wedding Traditions: Why Save the Wedding Cake?"

ALSO, 10 pictures of wedding cakes we couldn't bear to toss in the trash: http://bit.ly/KilXFK, Some great advice from our friends at MA Wedding Guide!, This past holiday weekend means this week's blog is going to be a day late. Keep an eye out for it tomorrow ;), Kirsten Dunst wore this ensemble to the Cannes Film Festival, and we just fell in love! The headpiece and heels would be gorgeous wedding accessories., "Wedding hair does not have to suffer from an unnatural look on your wedding day.", An EGGcelent idea for a centerpiece ;), Loving the fun, summery look of these ribbon chandeliers!, A quirky little cake to make you smile going into this holiday weekend!, Here are 9 cocktail hour wedding themes and easy tips on how to accomplish the looks! 

Click here: http://bit.ly/KWUdBV, We'll be honest...We're completely uninspired by this wedding footwear launch. , This is such a cute DIY project!
"String Heart" via Green Wedding Shoes: http://bit.ly/LjzcTZ, This dress is from Collette Dinnigan's True Romance Collection. Do you like the silver hues?, We read that 50% of wedding colors are jewel tones...Do you think that stat is accurate?, A floral sash? Unique, adorable and fashionable!, Faux lampshade decorations. Yay or nay?, We need your opinion! 
"Is it Time for the Ombre Wedding Trend to Retire?"

Read our thoughts and see pics here: http://bit.ly/KwMcG6, This birdcage wedding cake is one of a kind!, Pink! Pink! Pink! 
Photography: W. Scott Chester, These popsicles would be perfect at a wedding on a beautiful day like this!, This man made a wedding ring for his wife out of a meteorite. How creative and sweet!, Are you a true fashionista? We need your help! 

We've named 13 of the best 2013 spring bridal dresses, and we want to know which one you think is the ultimate winner: http://bit.ly/Je1fUg.

COMMENT! COMMENT! COMMENT!, Loving this DYI no sew table runner project via Ruffled: http://ruffledblog.com/diy-no-sew-table-runner/., Neons are one of the hottest trends in fashion right now. Would you consider these hues for bridesmaid dresses?, What do you think of flowers in Moroccan tea glasses as table decor?, Did you know that only 2% of bridesmaids will actually wear their dresses again?, Are white groom's shoes a do or don't?, Instead of giving your guests useless clutter, why not surprise them with something they can eat or drink? 

SEE 5 OF OUR FAVORITE EDIBLE WEDDING FAVORS HERE: http://bit.ly/JVTAf0, Take a peek at this beautiful slideshow created by Garnick Moore Photographers. We are so lucky to have had Liz and Jason wed at our venue, The Villa. 
, Looking for a fun alternative to a large wedding cake? Try our Petite Finale Station and customize it to match your color palate. YUM!, Who's going to see this? We hope it's as hilariously charming as it looks! , What's your take on save the date hankies? These ones are available on WeddingChicks.com., Too cutesy or just plain adorable?, Thanks to Green Wedding Shoes we are going to have this adorable song stuck in our heads all day. "Hey Pretty Girl" by Kip Moore has definitely made our wedding song recommendations list. , This week we're wondering...where did the wedding ring bearer tradition originate?

Click here to find the answer and see a bunch of cute pics! http://bit.ly/IsRIID, Do you agree with this top 8? Any other dresses you would include if you were the creator of the list?, These ruffed table linens are glowing thanks to the lights underneath. How sneaky and fabulous!, Take a look at this crepe wedding cake by Charleston Crepe Company. The handmade crepes can be layered with a light vanilla, chocolate, or lemon creme. How deliciously creative!, Are any of you out there fans of Sarah Seven? If you aren't already, we have a feeling you will be now! , A little wedding humor for your sunshine-filled Friday!, "10 Wedding Cake Stands for Every Budget"

Which stand would you want your cake presented on?, What do you think...

Would these little soaps shaped like french macarons make cute wedding favors? Buy them here on Etsy: http://etsy.me/IQQLeq, Dress your little berries up in dresses and tuxedos!, What are your thoughts on all this Brad Pitt and Angelina Jolie wedding talk? Are you excited to hear all about it or rolling your eyes?, Happy Friday to the loveliest fans around! Hope your weekends are full of sunshine and yummy treats, like triple berry cheesecakes :), "5 Tips on How to Rock a Bridal Necklace"

See them here: http://bit.ly/Ia9ufh, 50 fun invitation fonts! Which one is your favorite? , Too freakin' cute, right?!, We've seen a lot of grooms rocking sneakers lately, but what about a bride who wants to opt for super-comfort?

Photo credit: Matt Miller at Our Labor of Love, Talk about hardcore Boston Bruins fans! "One condition had to be met before they tied the knot: The B’s had to win the Stanley Cup.", We've seen a candy bar, but what about a cereal bar?, Good morning, lovelies. We're excited to share this week's blog with you, "Wedding Traditions: Why Do Brides Hold Wedding Bouquets?". See it here: http://bit.ly/HiIq43 

"Like" this status if you love it!, Give your guests something to look at upon entrance to the reception!, Our own Katelyn Hill is freshly inspired after attending Catersource 2012 in Las Vegas!

The convention culminated in a keynote speech given by David Tutera, celebrity wedding planner and TV personality. Katelyn was even lucky enough to snap a photo with him., WOW., Something blue, courtesy of Vivienne Westwood...a girl can dream, right?, Not a fan of frosting? How about a powdered wedding cake?, null, We've got a yummy blog treat for you this week..."Heart Shaped Food: Cute and Tasty Wedding Favors".

More delicious pics and tips here: http://bit.ly/GZ5ChQ, Our unveiling of Saphire Estate was so much fun! We want to give a big thank you to Dina K for the amazing photos and Orchids N’ Blooms for the beautiful floral arrangements. 

Be sure to check out the new updated photos on our website’s photo gallery: http://www.saphireeventgroup.com/gallery/, Any country music lovers out there? 

Martina McBride is set to perform while a couple from New Jersey gets married on stage this Sunday at the Country Music Awards. "They both lost their spouses in 2009 and met at a support group for young widows and widowers...", How many cakes did/will you have at your wedding?, Flower girls in t-shirts and tutus? ADORABLE!, Saphire Event Group is on Style Me Pretty! Such a gorgeous blog and couple! , We wrote the blog "Do or Don't? Dogs at a Wedding" a while back (you can see it here: http://bit.ly/y0sYdH), but what about a horse?, Another photo from this week's blog! See more fantastic shots here: http://bit.ly/GFTpmO

Photo Credit: Lytle Photo, This week we've named 10 easy themes for your engagement photos. Click here to see these awesome snapshots: http://bit.ly/GFTpmO

Photo Credit: Megan Ann, WE LOVE MINI FOOD!, Absolutely love this custom belt idea! It's fun and a great way to commemorate your wedding day., null, What do you all think of this idea? 

"Hatch My House launches a unique online wedding gift registry that lets couples save for a house of their dreams with the help of closest friends and family."
, The Chicago River is green every year...We think the Charles should be too!

Happy St. Patrick's Day, Boston!, A groomsman (left) and groom attempt to do a backflip stunt in a wedding photo. All we can say is...OUCH!, We've named five of the worst wedding songs by the most popular artists of 2012. Do you agree with us? We need your vote!, Would you like to stand under this creation during your vows?, Basketball Wives reality star Evelyn Lozada and NFL player Chad Ochocinco have just announced their wedding will be televised. Do we really need another Kardashian-esque show like this? Will you tune in?  , What are your thoughts on this cake with mismatched tiers?, Need some event decor inspiration? Check out this Pinterest board!
, Have a little baby boy you need to dress up for the special occasion?, Good morning, lovelies! 

We're excited to share our latest blog with you. See a flurry of gorgeous shoe photography here: http://bit.ly/xMkqN9, Good morning, lovelies! 

We're excited to share our latest blog with you. See a flurry of gorgeous shoe photography here: http://bit.ly/xMkqN9, Are macarons the new cupcakes?, Would you incorporate gingham into your wedding decor?, Give your bridesmaids a cute clutch; it doubles as a gift and place to keep little wedding day schedules., Spring weddings mean...fresh colors and bright bouquets!, This is so creative! Would you try this DIY project?, What do you think of colorful macarons as wedding cake decor?, This week we're wondering...why do all bridesmaids dresses look alike? 

See some fabulous fashion and learn a fun fact here: http://bit.ly/wisrHX, Eat, drink and be married! 

Embroidered hoops add a fun touch to these dessert tables. 
Via: http://bit.ly/zeqgtY, Have any of you ever used the site Weddington Way? It looks pretty neat! 

It works in three steps: 
1. Browse the dresses and add the ones you like to your favorites
2. Invite your bridesmaids to the site to rank the dresses and share inspiration
3. Use your bridesmaids' feedback to select the final pick, Turning a basic cake into a beauty with just a few pieces of fruit!, Flower pots and tiny white lights hanging from the ceiling- really sets the vibe!, The back detailing on this Mira Zwillinger dress is flawless., Want to see five examples of alternative wedding attire for grooms? 
See our latest blog entry here: http://bit.ly/wdt4oB, Write your love story for guests to take home and read!, Hmmm...what are your thoughts on this decoration experimentation?

Multi-colored umbrellas hanging from the ceiling at a vintage circus themed wedding via http://bit.ly/z2wJwb, Marchesa Fall 2012, Rolled paper art background created by the bride herself! 
Via: http://bit.ly/yGSEFw, You tell us...Are dogs at a wedding a do or don't? Read this week's blog post and chime in!, Happy Valentine's Day, loves! Take a peek at some more photos from this adorable shoot (http://bit.ly/zofDg7). We think you'll adore it.

Photo credit: Tom Henneman, Wish we could be there!, If you ask us, this article is a little "been there done that"...but what do YOU think? , In 2011, the average wedding cake cost $480., The heart imprint wedding band! Would you rock it?, This week we’re wondering....
What is the history of the honeymoon and its original meaning?

Pretty pictures (and the answer!) here: http://bit.ly/yeiETI, Too basic or just right?, Teabag shortbread cookies- perfect for a teatime bridal shower!, This dessert table melts our hearts., New England pride! Enjoy the game today :), Well this is interesting! 

20% of people surveyed by Coupon Cabin said they would miss the wedding of a close friend or family member in order to watch the Superbowl., Are you ready for the big game on Sunday?

Here's a great pic from Meg Bartolini and Jeff Cunningham’s wedding with Saphire. The happy couple met at a Patriots game!, The colored tulle trend is a modern twist on delicacy and a sugar sweet way for the bride to show her love for all things unique.

The real question is, would you wear it?

See more of these dresses and weigh in on the debate here: http://bit.ly/xrSrCQ, Check out a new addition to our 2012 menu – Our Dim Sum Table. Personalize it with To Go Boxes in your color theme!, Today is the last day to vote! 

We want to extend a very special thank you to all who have already voted for the Villa as the Event Site of the Year in the 2012 Spotlight Awards. If you have not yet voted, we would love the support :)
, We'd like to stand under this beauty while saying our vows!, Pastels! Sparkles! We're in heaven. Thank you Elie Saab., We want to see these on lots of reception tables this summer!, One of the ombre printables we mentioned below, Loving these FREE ombre printables on www.weddingchicks.com! , What do you think of a wedding cake that matches your gown? Corny or cool?, Don't you dare be intimidated by all those wedding blogs! You can make a wedding inspiration board too, and it's super easy! 

See how: http://bit.ly/yYHQGa, Yay! New BHLDN gowns have arrived for spring! Here's the "Lita" dress, just one of many. 

See them all here: http://bit.ly/wbdXyz, Sing a song, love birds!, We were lucky enough to stumble upon some of Vermont-based artist Beth Mueller's wedding-themed ceramics yesterday in Boston's North End. This vase would make a darling gift!, Faux fur to keep warm and an adorable umbrella to keep away the snow., As promised, our latest blog! 

Today we're showing you 9 different grooms ties for 9 different wedding themes: http://bit.ly/AFwyEg, Let's hear it for the boys! We'll have a new blog entry all about groom-related fashion hot off the press for you tomorrow., We're on a tiny treats kick!, Ps. So excited about our new fireplace at Saphire Estate!, Renovations are in full swing!, What do you think of these bite-size s'mores? Are they wedding worthy?, Spending this bitter cold Sunday evening curled up in bed with a hot cocoa and pictures of Monique Lhuillier's Pre-Fall 2012 Collection? Yes, please., Would you take an artistic risk and leave your wedding cake semi-unfrosted?, This week we're wondering...how did the tradition of the bouquet toss begin?
Learn here: http://bit.ly/A8zzpZ, All the same color, but all different styles!, We have something else to share today...The Villa has won best of weddings 2012 from The Knot!

The Knot is one of the post popular wedding networks and to be voted best of 2012 is such an honor! Saphire Event Group would like to thank all of our amazing clients that voted for us., We won the Wedding Wire Bride's Choice Awards 2012! That means we are in the top 5% of Wedding Pros nationwide!, You don't see bridesmaid dresses like this all that often. We love them!, Greetings from Saphire Estate! We have broken ground and are on our way to an amazing renovation. 

We are expanding our interior ballroom, elevating the height of the ceilings and updating the aesthetics and décor! Keep checking in for updated posts and pictures as the property transforms itself!, 9 simple ways to create a black and white wedding theme! Would you take the risk? , Back on December 3rd, Saphire Event Group contributed to the 9th Annual “Celebration for Kids”. Over 2,500 guests came to support the fundraiser at the Seaport World Trade Center in Boston. Our braised beef short ribs over creamy polenta were a hit!, We are excited to announce that The Villa has been nominated as an Event Solutions Spotlight Awards Finalist for Event Site of the Year!

We would be so appreciative if you could take a moment of your time and vote for us! People can vote once per email address. Voting is open until January 31. Thank you for all of your support!

VOTE HERE: http://www.es-ideafactory.com/spotlight_awards/vote, How much of a sports fan are you and your love? This couple took their fandom to a new level when they were married at Dodgers Stadium!

More here: http://bit.ly/uQ325b, Framed wedding vows, It's almost that time...where will you be at midnight? Cheers from Boston!, We're trying to figure out if these cake decorations are edible. They might even be too cute to eat..., A few reasons why you might just love a wedding food truck...
After reading, let us know if you'd consider it!, We haven't honored Wacky Wednesday in a while, so we thought we'd bring it back today., Well, isn't this just adorable? Storybook wedding invitations! 
Read about these invites here: http://bit.ly/tPYvvI, Hope you all had a nice holiday! Back to lovely posts tomorrow : ), A snowy romance! 
Photo credit: Benj Haisch, Did you know?
33 percent of engagements happen between Thanksgiving and New Year’s Day., Yes, we know it’s the holiday season. Yes, we know we should probably be writing about frosting covered pinecones, bite size gingerbread men and gourmet hot chocolate.

BUT here's a little something different! , Thumb-imprints...
A special way to make your wedding bands ONE of a kind!, We think these nails would be great for a fun, bright affair!, How do you feel about a groom in a vest and bow tie, sans the suit jacket?, A little bit of rock n' roll, DIY: Yarn Garland? Yes, please! 
Learn how here: http://bit.ly/rrUUB9, How can you turn down looking at pictures of beautiful cakes? , 32% of buyers on PreOwnedWeddingDresses.com "say their choice of gown is or was influenced by celebrity wedding fashion." 

Is or was your gown influenced by celebrity wedding fashion?, There's no denying this picture is cute, but do you think the mismatched vintage dresses draw attention away from the bride's gown?, Sparkles and chocolate...it can't get much better., Do you like berries in bouquets?, Grown-up streamers?, See 9 of the best wedding table numbers for your reception here:, Creative way to keep track of your wedding party, These are great! Save the Date kitchen towel invitations- cute AND eco-friendly.
 
Purchase them on www.weddingchicks.com, Question of the day: Would you ever consider wearing tights with a wedding dress (short or long)?  We've seen this trend popping up lately! 

Photo Credit: Ben Blood, Alright, we gotta ask the experts...Is this a yes or a no?, 5 SPRING 2012 WEDDING GOWNS YOU HAVEN'T SEEN! 
We promise you won't be disappointed. , Just because. 

PS. Tomorrow we'll be sending a Fashion Friday blog your way! Stay tuned for some gorg photos :), What wedding-related sites inspire you most?, Check out this trash the dress session via 100 Layer Cake. Too funny!

Want to learn more about the trash the dress trend? Take a look at this blog: http://bit.ly/rP0uRZ, Great article by RI Wedding Guide! , Things were crazy with all the holiday festivities last week, so take a second to relax today! 

PS. We'd love if you would look at last week's blog. It's all about bridal showers :), Talk about hectic! Burbank couple marries on Black Friday in a mall. , One of Bergdorf Goodman's gorgeous windows in NYC. Can you imagine walking down the aisle in one of these beauties? We'll take them all please!, An ethereal beauty or a fashion failure?, Hope you're all stuffed full of food and happy :) Happy festivities, loves!, We figured you all might be a little busy with holiday festivities tomorrow, so here's this week's blog a day early!, Would you buy this? We aren't so sure..., Thank you so much, RI Wedding Guide, for sharing our blog! You're the best :)

Missed it? Read here:, Simple, yet elegant and oh so tasty!, A little something fancy for the groom. He has to feel special too!, THE TOP 5 WEDDING IDEAS OF 2011
Which one do you like best? We want to know!, Hmmm, do you agree? Has the sun set on the vintage wedding trend? We're not so sure brides are ready to say a final goodbye..., Does this Fall 2011 color wheel seem accurate to you?, Shoe pom-poms...Yay or nay?, The best thing about this picture? Knowing you can DIY by just checking out this site: http://bit.ly/s3Wjjc, Not much of a cocktail drinker? You might want these mugs for your first official marriage toast!, This week we're taking the blog in a different direction...
Meet Nilza and Chris Grassa, a Saphire Couple! , Saphire Event Group is in the Washington Post! Read the article to discover our tips for holiday planning!
, How DIY are you willing to go? This charming Redwood forest campout wedding, featured on 100 Layer Cake, cost only $1300. 

See more here: http://bit.ly/sEpvkR, Are ice cream cones a cool trend or will they just get iced out over time? Horrible puns = blame it on Monday., SO thrilled we've gotten know so many of you and your tastes! We're almost to 2,000 fans. Tell your friends : ), A little glimpse into the fairy tale love of Paul Newman & Joanne Woodward. You have to look at these photos- absolutely darling! , Since you all embraced our Facebook post a few days ago with such open hearts, we thought we’d give you a little inspiration and demonstrate how brides truly of all shapes and sizes are taking to tattoos.   , New things are happening at BHLDN!

What do you think of their latest launch: The Winter's Bride Collection?

See more here: http://www.bhldn.com/Explore_winters-bride, To ink or not to ink? Would you wear your body art proudly or cover it up for your wedding?, A reciprocated shout out to Dawn McGrath! Thanks for always reading : ), What do you think? Does a black and white Halloween theme work? We're so used to black and orange, but we kind of love this...

PS. Happy Halloween cuties!, The texture on this gown is A-MAZING., As promised...a brand new blog entry hot off the press!, Furiously pounding away at the keys so a pretty blog will be sent your way tomorrow! Who's ready to read?!, We haven't posted anything Halloween-ish yet! Oppsies. 

Well, today we present you with a gorgeous orange wedding sash., The couple overlapped their thumbprints to form a heart on their egg shaker favors. Too cute!
Source: http://bit.ly/ufA1pb, That dress!
Photo credit: Ben Blood, Treats inspired by bouquets!, All those clusters of bling a little too over the top for you? Try one of these simple, yet classy wedding rings.

Click here for details on each little creation: http://bit.ly/nTqa8V, We know it's Fall 2011, but Vera Wang has already given us a look into the future with her Fall 2012 Bridal collection. 

Would you dare take the plunge with a black and cream wedding gown?, The Kim Kardashian wedding special was playing for the 47284328 time last night on E!...Is anyone else a little tired of it?, Having an outdoor wedding, but still want to make a dramatic entrance? Problem solved., We're on a donut kick lately...
Presenting the Halloween donut ball cake!, Are any of your lovelies spending the day at Priscilla of Boston's sample sale today??, 1 minute and 36 seconds worth of precious-ness. Our obsession with Shark Pig is almost unhealthy. , A short little picture book of sorts outlining the tradition of "Just Married" wedding cars! , Photographer James Moes did such a classy job of incorporating this couple's furry friends into this snapshot. 

Would you include your pets in your wedding photos?, This couple's cannoli wedding cake is F-A-B.
Photo credit: Caroline Ghetes, What a little angel <3 
She carried her flowers in a vintage teapot! See more snapshots of the wedding here: http://bit.ly/pWZcpl, Do you like to kick it retro?, It's a perfect night for a candlelight wedding. Where did this warm summer air come from?

Photo credit: Aaron Watson, You're going to love this inspiration board. , This proposal video has gone mega-viral. Have you seen it yet? 

PS. A new blog entry is coming tomorrow! Get excited. , What do you think? Will donuts become the new cupcakes?, Fun fact: 

BHLDN's design director, Coralie Stanton, is a Vera Wang alumna. With the magic that comes out of the BHLDN studio, we're not surprised.  
, A design trick we love:
Bringing the comfort of indoors outdoors., Looking for a modern mother of the bride dress? 

Here are 6 options- one for each body type! , His & Hers I DO shoe stickers!

Like them? Buy them on Etsy from the "For Wedding Sake" shop for $20.
http://etsy.me/niGbU2, Verace: Taking the ombre trend to a whole new level., Literally said, "Oh my gosh, I love it!" upon finding this cake topper., Question of the day:
Would you let your man wear a bow tie?, Now that's one cool flower girl!, A creative way to assign table settings!, Ever wondered how wearing a bridal veil became a tradition? , Which do you like best?, Working hard to get your lovelies a little blog treasure this week : ), Made with love <3, Have you ever heard of shoulder jewelry?, Would you rock one of these on your wedding day?, What about taking your honeymoon in a treehouse?!

Seriously...Check out the amazingness here: http://bit.ly/noz3My, Would you ever consider wearing a printed wedding dress?

PS. The bride crafted this gown herself. Pretty impressive!, Shabby chic- yes, please!, Tired of the typical white cake with buttercream frosting? Check out these 5 unique cake flavors! , Are these bridesmaids' outfits too much or just right?

It's your call!, Rainy weddings can be just as bright as sunny ones, dolls! 

Ps. Working hard to get you a lovely blog entry for TGIF., Angie Harmon wore this Monique Lhuillier gown to the 2011 SAG Awards, but would you wear it to your wedding?, Hope you're all enjoying your day off! No labor, no problem., Imagine getting a Rolls Royce Ghost as a wedding gift from your new husband? Must be nice to be you, Petra Ecclestone! 
, Lots of love sent to MA Wedding Guide <3 Thanks for the shout out!, The Top Five Ways to Afford Your Wedding:
1. Minimize
2. DIY
3. Hunt
4. Ask
5. Forgo

Click the link for details! , What do you think of homemade jam as a wedding favor?, This photo shoot is to DIE for! 

You're missing out if you don't take a second to admire this fall inspired botanical layout., Trying to remember the last time we had the opportunity to wear such beautiful, intricately designed clothing...
Oh, wait. We haven't!, null, WACKY WEDNESDAY! 
Check out this funny engagement shoot, complete with a the future bride and groom to be...and a ZOMBIE! http://mlkshk.com/p/69H1, CALLING ALL FASHION EXPERTS- WE NEED YOUR HELP!

Check out these six clutches and comment below on which is best. We'll tally the votes tonight!, Here's a little something to get that brain working on a sleepy Monday!, "Barbie and Ken Finally Get Married" by Rock n Roll Bride is absolutely hilarious. 
For a quick laugh: http://bit.ly/p4CcnU, Serve a delicate dessert...a cupcake in a teacup!, The rumor was true! Kate Moss' wedding spread in Vogue is here...

If you want to see more beautiful snapshots: http://bit.ly/mTSMt9, WE WANT YOUR OPINION!

Top 7 Do Not Play Wedding Songs. Do you agree?, Clever or corny?, Zuhair Murad put it on the runway, but would you wear it?, Absolutely, entirely, completely obsessed!, On this WACKY WEDNESDAY...
This couple used a forklift motorcade on their wedding day.
Read the story here: http://bit.ly/pwXo0k, Ever wondered why the groom usually stands to the right of the bride?
, Braids are all the rage- love or leave it?, Glamorous, Beachy, Ultra-Femme, Eco-Friendly, Rustic, Modern, Eclectic, Vintage, or Handmade....which kind of bride are YOU?

A couture invitation for each flavor here:, A little flash of style, Invitation Inspiration for 9 of the Best Wedding Themes!

Take a look: http://bit.ly/pTYwqX, Pregnant and don't know how to dress for that wedding you're invited to? Here are a few helpful tips! , So charmed by Beantown Bride's spotlight on Chris and Donnaree's wedding at The Villa! , WACKY WEDNESDAY! 
This young man had his proposal tattooed on the top of his knee. Ouch!, Go avant-garde with your wedding cake!, Did you hear about the two women from Mass who are accused of crashing a wedding and stealing gifts and money intended for the newlyweds? These people need to get a day job!, What's your preference? A kid's table or an adult's only reception? , A strawberry shortcake inspired wedding shower. How cute! 
http://bit.ly/qGBCwz, That's one heck of a chandelier!, It's WACKY WEDNESDAY!
Two years ago a British couple exchanged vows while strapped to planes flying through the air. 
See for yourself: , OoooOOooooO! We hope this rumor is true!, DIY Storybook Paper Roses- like or dislike?

Here's a how-to: http://bit.ly/pr01Le, Thank you Christian Dior for your take on something blue- adore!, This is VERY cool- check out this article. , ATTENTION LOVELIES! 

"Like" this status if you think the hair accessories found at the following link are gorgeous little gems. Please?! : ) 

http://bit.ly/nTTMPS, WACKY WEDNESDAY
If you want to beat out the record for the greatest number of bridesmaids, you'll need more than 110 ladies by your side! , Question of the day...
Would you ever consider a rainbow color theme?, Mondays are always tough...kick back and relax to this romantic classic., Loving Aubrey B. Greene Photography and her adorable shout out!, Glitter wedding cakes- fab or faux pas?, Do you have what it takes to be...MAID OF HONOR? Test your skills here:, Is anyone in the market for a Barbie wedding cake on this Wacky Wednesday?, Looking for vintage/rustic table numbers? This 1-20 set is on sale on 100 Layer Cake. , Want every inch of your venue decorated? Try something like this...So gorgeous!, Talk about craftsmanship..., If you want to get your guests dancing to something other than the Macarena, give these underplayed gems a spin!

5 SONGS TO LISTEN TO!, Wacky Wednesday: A superhero wedding, Hope you all had a lovely holiday! 

Isn't this 4th of July-inspired bouquet so cute?, Looking to save some money and wow your guests with a little creativity? Maybe this centerpiece idea would work for you!, Blushing and sending kisses to all those who have written such kind words on our "Review" page., Warm summer nights call for lush decor, Puppy love : ), Need a veil? This one's gorgeous!
See this custom made veil and the others we love here: http://bit.ly/kki8Z3, Do you like a groom who kicks it retro?, Want your wedding dress to shine- literally? This dress from Georges Hobeika's Bridal Collection might be just what you're looking for!, Romance novel confetti! How cute : ), Come y'all! Give this week's blog a shot and let us know what you think! , This week on Wacky Wednesday, a groom in need of anger management. How terrible that this historical building had to pay for his rage!, How to make a bird cage wedding-chic..., Definitely worth taking a look at! , Tents offer endless options for decoration. 

Interested in something glamorous like this? Maybe our tent venue at the Villa would wow you!, Say goodbye to traditional ceremony setup!, We featured this J. Crew Cotton Taffeta Gabby Dress in our last blog. Love it? Check out the other dresses here: http://bit.ly/kViXNb, This Wacky Wednesday we present...the balloon wedding dress!, Here are six stunning dresses your bridesmaids will actually want to wear after the big day has come and gone.
, Who is your favorite celebrity couple?, It's been a lazy Sunday..., Gee, lucky us. , Just in time for summer- a strawberry centerpiece! 
Learn how to DIY here: http://bit.ly/k4ikiR, Wacky Wednesday, y'all! 

This cake might be a little crazy for a wedding, but we still absolutely LOVE it!, Read this week's blog and weigh in! 

Is trashing the dress classy or just trashy? , Wedding gloves- oh so retro-chic or oh so wrong?, A cake dress- literally!, Have a sweet tooth and a knack for DIY projects? How about DIY donut hole favors?

Here's a how-to: http://bit.ly/iEqvzU, Are you a future bride who owns an iPhone? Here are 10 iPhone apps that will help plan your wedding! , Ever wondered why brides and grooms feed each other the first piece of wedding cake? 

We have the answer!, Multi-colored bridesmaid dresses : ), Did y'all have a lovely weekend? All that sunshine distracted us, but don't worry the weekly blog will be here on Thursday!, Something we haven't seen before...his & her’s fingerprint rings!, Kim Kardashian is sporting a $2 MILLION dollar engagement ring. She must have a really strong finger..., It's Wacky Wednesday.
Case and point:, Quality time spent with your best ladies is a great way to let some of that tension flow away and an excuse to get the drinks flowing too!, Have any of you seen Bridesmaids? 
, Do shoes that sparkle add to your wedding day shine?, Are you a fan of the bow tie?, WACKY WEDNESDAY!
Can you imagine being proposed to like this?! Watch the video and tell us if you think it is the "greatest marriage proposal ever"..., Forget the boring pen and white paper- we've got 6 unique guest book ideas for you! , BHLDN just released four new gowns! YIPPPEEE! 

This one's our favorite:, Love or hate?, It's Wacky Wednesday...
Cream puff wedding dress anyone? 

In 2006, baker Valentyn Shtefano made his bride Viktoriya this 20 lbs., 1,500 cream puff wedding dress out of flour, eggs, sugar and caramel., We think the weather calls for a post like this
, Backyard weddings: Tasteful or a little too casual?, What dress is YOUR favorite? , If you haven't taken a look at  Silver Pix Studios' album full of pictures from our "Indulge: A Night for Women" event, you're missing out! 

Here's the link to see all the beautiful shots: http://on.fb.me/iOkXJ3, On this Wacky Wednesday...How to bring tacky to a whole new level!, Would you have a male in your bridal party? We would! , Pink Orchid Weddings- you're lovely! We're so glad we had the opportunity to have you : ) The day was beautiful. 
, Disney Pixar's "Up" charmed hearts of all ages. Bride and groom Lynnette and James loved it so much they tied it into their big day! 

A great example of how to do a theme wedding the right way:
http://bit.ly/hIo3nj, For the couple with a great sense of humor: Attack of the wedding cake!, It would be blasphemy to speak of anything else in the wedding world today, right?!

Hellooooo Grace Kelly the Second!, Valentino can do no wrong. 

Did you check out the other fabulous cover ups showcased in this week's blog? http://bit.ly/dI1roI, Everything you need to know about "Indulge: A Night for Women"

Are YOU coming?, Today on Wacky Wednesday: 

The Swedish tradition called "Blackening of the Bride" where the bride-to-be is covered with foul substances and then paraded around town., Love fashion and pictures? This week's blog is for you! , Sweet summertime, Happy Easter lovelies! , TOO CUTE!, Carnival-themed wedding treats? Yes please! , This week's delayed blog post has finally made its way to you. Hope you like it :)
, Today on Wacky Wednesday...The longest bridal train! 

At over 220 pounds and 600 feet long, this gown is bound to weigh any bride down., Meanwhile, we have the TOP REASONS TO RSVP TO INDULGE for you today!, A little snag in Saphire Land regrettably means there will no blog post today. HOWEVER, keep your eyes pealed on Thursday for this week's post!, Whether it’s chic boutique apparel, dynamic jewelry or unique accessories, we are beyond excited to be bringing you such a fresh and unique set of vendors this year for our event.

SEE YOU APRIL 28th!, Where is your dream honeymoon destination?, Okay, that's it! We're officially OBSESSED with the romantic, vintage feel of Super 8mm wedding films and lolavideo.net!, Loving Shutterbooth Boston and their shoutout!, This pierced wedding ring definitely qualifies for Wacky Wednesday!, We promise you'll love this week's blog!, CakeSpy is one of the most adorable websites we've discovered in a while., Hellooooo spring! Bring on the beautiful brides : ), On the flip side of yesterday's donut post...Are you pro or anti-the Royal Wedding frenzy? 
, Everybody's making a quick buck off this upcoming wedding- even Dunkin Donuts. We can't imagine what's next! To be fair, this donut does look delicious...http://bo.st/femkT4, Videos are timeless keepsakes. Take a look at this gorgeous creation via BubbleRock Studio- http://bit.ly/gDqIgn , Per suggestion of a fan, here's a little something for the grooms!
, Tea length wedding dresses: love or hate?, How can you resist this menu? RSVP today!, We have a sneaking suspicion one or two couples wish this could have been their story! 
 http://ow.ly/4nmsY, Wacky Wednesday:
Too busy to get married? Evidently it's legal in Montana for two proxies to step in and marry for you!, null, Ms. Gwen Stefani has always made fashion waves, and her wedding was no different. Even after all these years, we're still obsessed http://ow.ly/i/9Dm0, Bridal Snob is one of BrideTide's Top 100 Wedding Blogs. See why this Tumblr page has garnered so much attention. , We were so busy this week we neglected Wacky Wednesday! , Glad to have Videography by Media Concepts on site with us tonight at the Villa!, Calling all ladies! Care to INDULGE?, Why wouldn't you want a photo booth at your wedding?!, A photo from tomorrow's blog post...Any guesses on the topic??, Classic., This seems a little excessive...especially when you compare they number of staffers they currently have covering the Japan tragedy (50), We can't wait until it's full-blown spring so we can look like this at night, It's our favorite weekday- Wacky Wednesday! 

We like Shrek, but this couple must LOVE it., We mentioned Untamed Petals - Bridal and Everyday Accessories, Tutus Chic and Tutu-Chic, and Ivory and Moss in our blog today : ) , We talk a lot about the bride feeling like a queen, but what about your making your your little flower girl feel like a princess? 
, Brainstorming ideas for upcoming blogs...Any ideas?, Take the time to watch this save the date video. It's creative, unique, and adorable. 
, Have you guys heard of the non-profit organization Boston Bakes for Breast Cancer?, Been hearing more and more about this trend- Having a celebrity guest at your wedding. What do you think? Who would you want at your wedding?, Wacky Wednesday- need we say more?, Interested in veganism? How about hosting a vegan wedding? , What color uplighting do you love?, We are head over heels for Just a Bite Cake Pops!, The Knot ranks Boston as #7 in their top 20 list of most expensive areas to hold a wedding. Big $penders!, A little history and some glam advice, On this Wacky Wednesday, we want to know how many of you would consider being married in this chapel on wheels. Complete with stained glass windows, a pipe organ, and an alter!, Check out this video we stumbled upon. Credit: Joe Goldsberry
, We know there are more of you ladies out there that want a night out full of martinis and shopping! Have YOU rsvp-ed yet for Indulge: A Night for Women?, Who's coming?, Have any of you used the Google Wedding Planner?, I's Wacky Wednesday, friends! 

In 2008, Gas Design, Jennifer Flume, and Swarovski teamed up to  design a USB Flash Drive Swarovski Crystal Engagement Ring. The couple can connect the rings and share data., If you haven't heard already, you NEED to read this: , So we didn't catch the wedding, but we did witness the beauty that is Amsale's window display. Can you say glamour?, In NYC this weekend! Rumor has it a big wedding is going to be held right around the corner. Trying our best to snoop around ; ), Would you wear a colored veil? , It's Wednesday, and you know what that means...It's time to get WACKY!

A church in Brazil has recently enforced a policy that requires brides to pay $300 if they are late for their own wedding. Guess it doesn't matter if you're worth the wait!, You’ve heard all about runaway brides, second-guessing grooms, and wedding day nerves gone awry. What a disaster. Here are some calming, realistic reasons why you should be worry-free on your wedding day! , Some lucky couples will wed at the Empire State Building thanks to the Knot on this lovely Valentine's Day! , We're all about blogging today. Have any fun plans for the weekend?, We were so busy yesterday we forgot about Wacky Wednesday!

Did you know Hello Kitty themed weddings are actually really popular? Life-sized Hello Kitty characters walking down the aisle, Hello Kitty wedding cakes, Hello Kitty wedding dresses...Who knew?!, We want to thank everyone for their wonderful reviews! You guys are the best :), Haven't gotten around to reading this week's blog yet? Click here to learn how you can have a wedding like Shania Twain's without breaking the bank! , Looking for an up and coming photographer to take your engagement photos? Evan Tetreault Photography is what you're looking for. You have to check out this talent... http://bit.ly/gPg66T , Here's a look at the Vera Wang White Collection. Designer creations ranging from $600-1110? WOW., LOVE THIS- "White" Collection by Vera Wang exclusively for David's Bridal has officially launched!, Today on Wacky Wedding Wednesday...

A popular trend with young couples in China is to take naked pictures together before their wedding day. Evidently the trend has taken hold in the U.S. as well. Have you ever heard of "bridal boudoir" photos?, Does the snow have you feeling down? Take a look at this week's blog. We promise it will make you feel better. , Would YOU buy your wedding dress online?, null, Could you picture yourself in the Grand Ballroom at the Villa? We could : ), Introducing the first ever Wacky Wedding Wednesday! 
In 2007, a Texan bride ordered a life-size portrait wedding cake of herself, which she happily fed to her groom. A little creepy if you ask us..., Delivering on our promise- a blog about how to plan a wedding during sports season!, Light up bridal bouquets- fun or tacky?, Tossing around the idea of Wacky Wedding Wednesday- a day dedicated to sharing bizarre wedding industry news, happenings, etc...Yay or nay?, Get your game face on! Next week's blog is all about planning your wedding during sports season., Unique as unique can be! Check out this macaron cake via Polka Dot Bride., null, It's Tuesday, and you know what that means...A NEW BLOG!, All you need to know about January 22nd!, January 22nd is coming up fast, folks! Will you be joining us for champagne and hors d'oeuvres at one of our fabulous venues?, You heard it here first- Train's "Marry Me" will be one of the hottest reception songs of 2011., Register today to explore our two exquisite special event venues!, If your wedding is today, you better have a sleigh to arrive in!, Alright folks, this week's blog is officially up! What do you think?!, Tomorrow's blog will feature Aurora De Luca Photography!, A friend told us she needed a "what to wear as a wedding guest" lesson. You better believe we have her covered! Blogging!, Did you know marriages in MA last longer than marriages any other state in the United States? Cheers to us!, Every woman loves shoes. Right?! Check out these lookers! , Let's just say tomorrow's blog will make your toes tingle, Here's to friends- old and new! We can't wait to spend 2011 with you., We've told you before, but we'll say it again. Untamed Petals - Bridal and Everyday Accessories creates some of the most gorgeous bridal accessories we have ever seen!, How absolutely adorable is this DIY cupcake topping bar?! OBSESSED.
, A big thanks to Saphire Event Group fan Allison Hamilton who gave us this week's fabulous blog idea! Enjoy! , The holidays have us all slacking a little. Be prepared for a big comeback with this week's blog on Tuesday!, Happy holidays from us to you! Safe and lovely travels : ), To all you holiday brides, we hope your day is as enchanting as a winter wonderland!, Our Spring 2011 color picks are so bold, they might even scare this cold front away! , All this cold weather got you thinking about spring? Watch for tomorrow's blog!, We have to admit, this Kuraudia designed Barbie Bridal line made the inner little girl in us smile! , One of our fantastic spreads!, We MA Wedding Guide's ideas about how to start a family tradition at your wedding!, It's Tuesday and you know what that means...Our latest blog entry just posted! 
, Allison, we loved your eco-friendly wedding idea! We'll be blogging about it soon. Stay tuned : ), What would YOU like to read about on our blog? We will choose our favorite idea and write about it in a future entry! And don't you worry, you'll get credit : ), Don't we look pretty all lit up?!, Baby, it's cold outside! This winter wonderland inspiration board will help take the chill away : ), Share your favorite pick with us!, Can you guess what this week's blog will be about?!, Everybody's buzzing about the royal engagement...and so are we!, Would you have guessed this bouquet is made of paper?! Read all about it in our latest blog entry! 
http://www.saphireeventgroup.com/blog/when-flowers-just-wont-do/, Thoughts?, On the lookout for a creation a bit more unique than an ordinary bouquet? We've got you covered with our latest blog entry "When Flowers Just Won't Do" http://ow.ly/3hFTg, We've told you before, but let us remind you...Saphire Event Group plans more than just weddings! Check out this photo of Saphire Estate transformed for a rockin' birthday bash, How cute is this?!, Our food coma has us dreaming of spring weddings...we predict tangerine will be a veryy popular color!, Bored with Facebook? Mix it up and check us out on Twitter! http://ow.ly/3eXkv, Attending a wedding this winter? Here's a look at some trends you might see! http://ow.ly/3evzt, All these dresses delivered to our door now would be wonderful!, Saphire Event Group is included as a culinary highlight in the 175th Taste of Boston Gala blog. Take a look!, Take a look at our newest photo album and read the story that goes along with it!, We've published the photo album for you to see here, but why not take a few extra minutes and read the story that goes along with it?, null, Hunting for your wedding dress and in need of some expert advice? J. Crew gown designers to the rescue!, Tell us about your amazing experience! Post your review today for Saphire Estate and The Villa for "The Knot's 2011 Pick for Best of Weddings". See links below!, Loved The Villa? Click this link and share the love through a review!, Had a fabulous time at Saphire Estate? Here's the link to rave about us ; ), Having trouble deciding on a hairstyle for your big day? We've got some great suggestions!, Tips from expert planner and Bravo star Shawn Rabideau on how to have a seamless wedding day:, Check out photographer Laura Solod's company Remember This Photography. Laura's photographs of Sarah and Adam's wedding will be showcased right here on our Facebook veryy soon!, In the mood for something delicious? Read all about Sarah and Adam's tasty food selections!, Get your guests excited for your winter wedding with these adorable invitations http://ow.ly/2MzC4, A charming ring bearer pillow-alternative. Would you use it in your wedding?, Want to wow your guests with something better than an open bar? We got you covered!, We love these unique little Anthropologie snowglobes- perfect for centerpieces!
 http://ow.ly/2Mzy8, If you love our blog comment below and say "I DO" !, Our Winter Wonderland Package isn't for you? That's okay! How about our Off Peak Incentives? With $10 off per person, complimentary ambient uplighting, candle package, welcome beverage station, and extended reception time how could you say no?!, Bridesmaid will glimmer like icicles in this form-flattering, silk Ann Taylor dress http://ow.ly/2MzsA, Is your huband-to-be a little light headed after looking at your wedding budget? Share this great tip with him concening how he can save money:, Sarah says yes to the dress!, Not a wedding dress kind of girl? Check out this Chanel wedding suit from the Fall/Winter 2010 collection! http://ow.ly/2MzkZ, Add a dash of holiday to your reception by serving candy cane martinis!, Have a Chelsea Clinton-esque wedding on YOUR budget!, Be a beautiful bride and help a great cause. Check out Brides Against Breast Cancer to learn more., In need of a fabulous accessory? Check out Untamed Petals for a tasteful touch of glam!
http://shopuntamedpetals.com/, Why not give your guests something cute AND delicious to take home from your wedding? Look at these cookies!, Planning a fall wedding like Sarah and Adam? Get some fabulous inspiration here:, Arrive in style, with a horse drawn carriage http://ow.ly/2Mz6K, In need of a fabulous venue for your winter wedding? Our ULTIMATE WINTER WONDERLAND PACKAGE is perfect for you! 
http://www.saphireeventgroup.com/incentives, Lacking a Donald Trump income, but love glitz and glamour? Us too! Our blog will teach you how to have a celebrity caliber wedding without breaking the bank., A perfect winter wedding song
 http://ow.ly/2Mz26, Love all things Halloween? How about a HalloWEDDING?! 
http://www.saphireeventgroup.com/blog/happy-hallowedding/, You'll feel just like a princess with a castle ice scupture at your reception http://ow.ly/i/4dw5, The Villa is named "Best Wedding Venue South of Boston" by the Monty Minute! Read why this Father of the Bride thought his daughter's Villa wedding was worth every penny.

 http://ow.ly/2XXUB, Why did Sarah and Adam choose Saphire Estate for their big day? Read Making it 2 the Aisle: Part 2 and find out!

http://www.saphireeventgroup.com/blog/making-it-2-the-aisle-part-2/, Candles: simple, elegant winter wedding décor
 http://ow.ly/2MyRS, Do you have a Twitter? We do! Follow us as we tweet our way through each week! 
http://twitter.com/SaphireEvents, Eggnog hot chocolate...yummmm! You'll have all your guests asking for the recipe. http://ow.ly/2MyOs, Which trend is your favorite?! 

http://www.saphireeventgroup.com/blog/falling-in-love-with-autumn-weddings-top-ten-fall-wedding-trends/, Haven't read our blog yet? Let us explain seven reasons why you should...
http://www.saphireeventgroup.com/blog/seven-reasons-to-become-a-saavy-saphire-blog-follower1/

Convinced yet?, Red is the perfect accent color for a holiday themed wedding! Look at these beautiful snow white peonies with red berries http://ow.ly/2MyJt, Meet newlyweds Sarah and Adam and learn how they planned a beautiful wedding at Saphire Estate in just TWO months! 
http://ow.ly/2TCGt, For a tasteful touch of winter sparkle, try a snowflake hair brooch http://ow.ly/2MyFe, Have you read the first ever Saphire Event Group blog entry yet? 

http://www.saphireeventgroup.com/blog/making-magic-and-doing-the-i-do/, As promised, THE SAPHIRE EVENT GROUP BLOG IS HERE! Be the first to check it out and share your thoughts! 

http://www.saphireeventgroup.com/blog/, We know you've been waiting...THE SAPHIRE EVENT GROUP BLOG GOES LIVE TONIGHT!, We're not the only ones talking about The Villa! Read what Gracie Lou Events says about it in their "Venue Spotlight" 
 http://ow.ly/2SmZ1, A little pop of color never hurt anyone http://ow.ly/i/4dvh, Need a way to keep warm during your winter wedding while still looking fabulous? Try a faux fur! http://ow.ly/2Myr5, What do you think of this winter wonderland themed cake?
 http://ow.ly/2MylT, Take a look at this stylish pinecone bouquet... Perfect for a winter wedding!
 http://ow.ly/2Mxgu, Think bridal gowns with sleeves can't be chic? Think again! Check out this Monique Lhuillier gown from her Fall/Winter 2010 collection., In the mood to look at some beautiful pictures? Take a minute to check out our updated Saphire Estate photo gallery and share with us which picture is your favorite! 

http://www.saphireeventgroup.com/gallery/, It's getting chilly out and that can only mean one thing...winter weddings! Stay tuned to learn more about our new Winter Wonderland package!, Get ready! Saphire Event Group is gearing up to launch their very own blog!
Each week the "Doing the I Do" blog will be home to stories about past brides, upcoming brides, and brides in progress, as well as planning tips, tools, and cool trends., While we do throw fabulous weddings, don't forget we do more than just that! Saphire Event Group will host your corporate luncheon, throw a party for your special social occasion, and much more. , From signature cocktails to dazzling display stations, from elegantly served dinners to extravagant desserts, we specialize in cuisine that reflects your taste, your style, your event. , This exquisite event venue overlooks serene Lake Massapoag. The newly renovated space is at the same time private and elegant. Both traditional and stylish, here you'll find the rare, one wedding at a time., Boutique wedding and corporate venue in South Shore, MA at Ridder Country Club. An event venue that is elegant enough for the most romantic weddings, yet sophisticated enough to host corporate events., Boutique wedding and corporate venue in South Shore, MA at Ridder Country Club. An event venue that is elegant enough for the most romantic weddings, yet sophisticated enough to host corporate events., Boutique wedding and corporate venue in South Shore, MA at Ridder Country Club. An event venue that is elegant enough for the most romantic weddings, yet sophisticated enough to host corporate events., null, null)