List(A little slice of deliciousness 🍕 #a4brunch, Garlic Knots: One is never enough 👌🏼, As fresh as it gets, delivered right to your door or office!, Morning Latte, How we kick off our Saturday's #a4brunch, Mid afternoon iced tea perks, When breakfast is on a pizza, you can have pizza anytime., Take flight. 🍻🍻, Margarita pie topped with caramelized onions. Yes please., Brussels Sprouts & Kale Salad: Romano Cheese, Red Onion, Candied Hazelnuts & Lemon Vinaigrette. Now that's how you do a healthy lunch. 🌱, Irish coffee perks to kick off Sunday. #a4brunch, We make brunch look good 🍴, Breakfast Pizza is the most important meal of the day, clearly. -Via Eater Boston 

Brunch is every Saturday & Sunday, 10:30-2:30pm, Warm up and feel the love with coffee by Barrington Coffee Roasting Company., St. Paddy's Day special: Corned Beef and cabbage pizza. Topped with Corned beef, pickled cabbage slaw, potatoes, spicy mustard aioli.

🍀 Running tonight only! Happy St. Patrick's Day Boston 🍀, If you live within 1 mile of us, the delivery charge is free!, Dinner goals, Day dreaming of Spring afternoons <3 #a4cafe, Healthy brunch goals 🌱, Working for the weekend #TreatYourself, An #AreaFour wedding reception, Garlic Knots: One is never enough, Espresso makes everything better. #a4cafe, It's pizza time., One epic brunch: breakfast pizza, baked mac n cheese, biscuits and gravy a hot mess and mimosas. 👌🏼, A little mobile pizza oven action with Chef Mikey 🍕👌🏼, Chocolate donuts with frosting for dipping. Now that's how you save room for dessert., Today should be your cheat day. It's so worth it., What to do tonight, Boston Magazine's Starch Madness is ON! If you love our Garlic Knots, please vote for us and reign them in as best carbs in the city!, Breakfast goals #a4cafe, Mid-day espresso with Barrington Coffee Roasting Company, Weekend nightcap, Repost Love Playing Dressup: Fried donuts, fries & flowers, Sweet success the weekend is here! Reward yourself, Who says you can't have pizza for breakfast? 🍳, Banh Mi Pizza: Braised pork belly, pickles, Sriracha aioli & cilantro. Special running all this week! 🍕👌🏼, Matcha green tea goes perfectly with lunch <3, Dinner Vibes, Biscuits and gravy 🙌🏽, Brunch o'clock 🍳☕️, Eater Boston thinks Breakfast Pizza is the most important meal of the day and that's one of our specialties. What do you know about that., Love pizza? We're hiring hosts!, Going, going, gone. #a4cafe Barrington Coffee Roasting Company, All this chilly weather calls for a whole lot of Hawaiian pizza 🌴, A much needed afternoon break. #a4cafe, President's Day Brunch is on! Running today until 2:30, so you still have time to stuff your face., President's Day Brunch

Had enough of the mushy stuff this weekend? Well a little brunch flight with a side of hot mess should do the trick. Brunch is Monday, 11:30-2:30. See you there!, How we're celebrating Valentine's Day :) 

The hate fest continues with Brunch today, and dinner tonight!, Tonight kicks off our annual "Haters Valentine's Day" Party! We'll be serving up some angry, spicy dishes like our Arrabbiata Pizza Pie, and playing anti-Valentine's Day music and movies. Hate on, haters., Join us for our Hater's Valentine's Day Party kicking off tomorrow night! Stuff your face, then make this angry pizza pie at home for someone you love, or your single fabulous self. In this case, it's okay to be a little greedy. <3, Embrace The Hate. Join our Haters Valentine's Day Bash kicking off this Saturday night!

"There’s no room for lovey-dovey feelings with a heartbreak playlist on the stereo, breakup movies like “Forgetting Sarah Marshall” on the TV, and an anti-makeout...angry, spicy menu", Local Blog Pop Bop Shop recommends some tasty eats at Area Four, and we couldn't agree more.

"Rule number one at Area Four: you have to order the garlic knots. Each knot pulls apart into three or four deliciously garlicky pieces that taste even better when dunked into the accompanying tomato sauce", "During Haters Valentine’s Day, Area Four offers up dishes like pizza with arrabbiata—“angry”—sauce and “slapped” pork cheeks, plays emo music and sad movies, and gives guests cheeky chalk hearts with their checks at the end of the night." - The Manual, More snow? More Pizza. 

Delivery Menu >>http://bit.ly/BringMePizza, Pizza is my Valentine <3

Join us for our annual "Haters" Valentines Day Event. With crafted cocktails, a special menu and plenty of anti-Vailentines music and movies, you'll be sure to kick this lovely-dovey holiday to the curb!

The hater's bash starts Saturday, 2/13. Hate on, haters., A hot mess with a side of biscuits and gravy ➳http://bit.ly/A4Brunch, Weekend Special: Chicken Harissa Pizza, with goat feta cheese, roasted yellow & red papers, green olives and fresh mint!, Baked French toast topped with bourbon, seasonal fruit & peppered pecans ➳http://bit.ly/A4Brunch, All his snow calls for pizza delivery, naturally. If you live within one mile of us, the delivery charge is FREE. 

Delivery Menu >>http://bit.ly/BringMePizza

Stay warm out there!, Afternoon tea/ #a4cafe, Cafe vibes, The Italian: Capicola Soppressata, Ham, Romaine, Parsley, Peppers, Mushrooms, Fontina, Provolone & Oregano. Get it as a salad or sandwich! 

Full Lunch Menu ➳➳http://bit.ly/A4LunchMenu, Giant frosted cinnamon bun, now that's how you start a Sunday off right.

Brunch Menu ➳http://bit.ly/A4Brunch, Eggs, Pizza and Beer. How every breakfast should be., Save room this weekend: Brown sugar cake soaked in a Chai tea syrup with Bananas foster and almond crisp topping. 😍, You asked, we listened. We now have almond milk in the cafe! ☕️✊🏼#a4cafe, A happy place to work :) #a4cafe, "When a night of revelry leaves your stomach in shambles, seek relief in Area Four's "Hot Mess" morning-after remedy: knuckle size-hunks of sausage, cuts of bacon, home fries and two sunny-side up eggs" -  Boston Magazine's February Issue 

Brunch: Saturday's & Sunday's 10:30am – 2:30pm, Epic lunch 🍕🍕, It's coffee o'clock, Brunch Starters: Cinnamon Sticky Bun, It's Bloody Mary time, Cold nights call for ramen. House made noodles, smokey pork ribs, bone broth, farm egg and spicy cabbage. Special running this weekend! 🍜, The weekend is calling with brews from Mayflower Brewing Company , Jack's Abby Craft Lagers, The Shed Brewery, just to name a few., What's for lunch: Brussels sprouts & kale salad with romano cheese, red onion, candied hazelnuts and lemon, Poutine Pizza 🇨🇦, Get em' while they're hot. Apple and cinnamon doughnuts 🍩🍎, Lunchtime Words of Wisdom, A much needed coffee break ☕️, Vegetarian brunch goals: Hot mess - local farm eggs, squash, pickled banana pepper relish, House made mozzarella with scrumptious bacon compote. Life complete., Pizza for breakfast, you really can have it all., Weekend dessert: Gluten free vahlrona chocolate and cherry mousse with brandied cherries and almond lace tuille., We've added some tasty additions to  our beer list, just in time for the weekend. 

Gerry Dog Stout from Big Elm Brewing and Falco IPA from Evil Twin Brewing 🍻, "Death in the Afternoon is the perfect brunch cocktail to kick start the day. The flavorful drink is made with absinthe and prosecco" - Boston Common Magazine, Healthy breakfast goals: Dairy free coconut yogurt with gluten free granola and fresh berries paired with a fresh cup of coffee from Barrington Coffee Roasting Company., Margarita pizza does the body good., Our brunch flight makes everything better, A little brunch to kick off the weekend, Afternoon Cafe Vibes ☕️ #a4cafe, Have you tried our new lunch menu yet? Say hello to the Beef Shawarma, with local picked vegetables, mint and tahini. Just one of our new tasty additions! 🍴, What's for lunch: Smoked cauliflower wrap off our new lunch menu! Smokey, healthy and delicious 🔥, How we rang in the new year...with cocktail carafes, naturally. Repost @kdunner5, Area Four Pizza Brunch: Areafour.com, Repost @foodbabyny: Really lovin' this incredible, humongous Sticky Bun at Area Four 👉 MUST go here for brunch to try this, Need a little pick-me-up? We'll have $1 Oysters all night long starting at 5pm. Pair them with a local craft brew to make your evening all the better., Repost @foodbabyny: Appropriate reaction to this incredible brunch pizza, New Year's Eve Margarita Cocktail: With Lunazul tequila, Merlet citrus and Sommariva bubbly 🍾🍾 Join us tonight to celebrate!, We made Boston Magazine's list of Best Restaurants in Boston!

"For a Area Four-style meal, start with the “Kitchen Sink” salad tossed with fontina and roasted onions, order the sausage-and-banana-pepper pizza as the main event, and cap off the night with the soft-serve of the day, topped with irresistible homemade sauces and crunch cookie crumbs", Ring in the new year with our nye menu, complete with lobster rolls in a champagne caviar vinaigrette, truffle pizza topped with duck eggs and scrumptious short ribs, A4 style. 🍕🍖🎉, Baked mac n' cheese goodness, "Coffee drinks, brunch cocktails, freshly-baked pastries, the Hot Mess and all manner of bacon and eggs, and, of course, pizza: Ring in the New Year the Area Four way with special brunch service" - Boston Magazine, We made Thrillist's list of Best Pizza Joints in Massachusetts! 

"Maybe it’s their pillowy, yet charred, crust made from a 12-year-old sourdough starter, or maybe it's their handcrafted cheeses that never seem greasy -- whatever it is, A4 has found a winning formula.", Because brunch is always better with carafes. 

Join us New Years Day at 10:30am for brunch and $16 carafes of craft beer and cocktails including mimosas, bloody Mary's, iced Irish coffees, la pistolas, and death in the afternoon's., Merry Christmas Eve! We're open today from 11:30-3:00 for lunch, and cocktails, naturally., Ring in the new year with brunch and carafes! 

Kick that hangover with an epic brunch, and carafes of beer and cocktails for just $16! Choose from any draft beer, or special cocktails including mimosas, bloody Mary's, iced Irish coffees, la pistolas, and death in the afternoon's. 

Start the new year off with a giant cocktail, and breakfast pizza, because that's how Boston kicks off 2016. Starts 10:30am., Christmas eve is the perfect excuse to come and try our new lunch menu.  We're open 11:30-3pm., Mornings are better with biscotti #a4cafe ☕️, No Christmas Eve afternoon is complete without a delicious slice of pizza pie. We're open 11:30am-3pm., A pur-fect brunch, Looking for your new brunch spot? Look no further. We made best brunch spot in Kendall Square! Baked French Toast anyone?, Holiday tree cookies! 🎄 Available at our cafe, Represent. We're proud to be representing Massachusetts in Zagat's 50 States, 50 Pizzas!, Our holiday cookies are here! We have gingerbread men, holiday sugar cookies and spritz cookies for your festive side 🍪🎄☃ #a4cafe, We're getting festive!, It's the last day to get our fresh Sufganiot donuts for Hanukkah! 🍩, Eggs and pizza, a match made in heaven.  ➳http://bit.ly/A4Brunch, If you live within a mile of us, the delivery charge is free! 

Check it ➳bit.ly/BringMePizza, Meet the Beef shawarma: with local picked vegetables, mint and tahini. Available on our new lunch menu! 🍴🌯, It's time to demolish this, Margarita all day, everyday., Winter warmer: Irish coffee, We have sufganiyot! Now through December 14th you can enjoy this traditional jelly filled doughnut for Hanukkah 🍩 #a4cafe, If you live within a mile of us, the delivery charge is on us! 

Menu ➳bit.ly/BringMePizza, Cinnabun-tastic.  ➳ ➳http://bit.ly/A4Brunch, Hello weekend, we're ready., Mushroom and Fontina. Get hungry., Hello lunch. Squash soup, trio of spreads and green tea soda., Tis' the season for pizza 🍕🎄, Breakfast pizza, does the body good 🍕, Best way to cure your food hangover? More food. 

Black Friday Brunch starts at 11:30am, Happy Thanksgiving! We're closed today, but you can get your fix tomorrow for Post Thanksgiving Brunch! Starts at 11:30am, cafe opens at 8am., Kick off Black Friday by fueling up with breakfast pizza for Black Friday Brunch. Starts at 11:30am. See you there!, Feeling festive? We have pumpkin pies and apple strudels for sale in our bakery until tomorrow evening!, Meet our newest tea latte, the London Fog. Earl Grey tea, steamed milk and a touch of vanilla. 🇬🇧, Korean BBQ special, paired with a carnivore pizza, naturally., Oh yeah, it's brunch time: http://bit.ly/A4Brunch, Staying in? We deliver! ➳bit.ly/BringMePizza

If you live within a mile of us, the delivery charge is free!, Because Garlic Knots, It is with heavy hearts that we leave Union Square. We’re disappointed to shut our doors but proud of what we achieved at A4 Pizza. We appreciate your patience, and we're grateful for the support and patronage of our many customers who live, work and visit the area. 

With a strong affinity for the community, we're determined to reopen the restaurant in a new location in Somerville. For more details on the closing, please refer to  the Eater Boston article below., Bonding over coffee <3, Get your brunch on. We've been rated best brunch spot in Kendall by Thrillist!, Brunch Flight: Bloody Mary, Coffeehouse Porter Float, Mimosa, & Cider with bitters.

http://bit.ly/A4Brunch, Hawaiian Pizza lunch, Represent. We're proud that our pizza won the spot for Massachusetts in Zagats '50 States, 50 Pizzas'!, When you want pizza, we deliver. 🍕 Menu ➳bit.ly/BringMePizza 

Live within a mile of us? The delivery charge is FREE., Pizza Stacks, Espresso Yourself ☕️  http://bit.ly/A4Cafe, We've been rated best brunch spot in Kendall Square by Thrillist! Brunch is calling..., Weekend Dessert Goals, Switch up your breakfast routine. We've expanded our cafe menu with new BACON and Ham breakfast sandwiches. Pair with it the London Fog: Earl grey tea with stem milk and a dash of vanilla., Comfort Food: Squash Soup, Trio of Spread and Green Tea Soda. 

Explore our lunch menu ➳➳http://bit.ly/A4LunchMenu, Fire-grilled half chicken with roasted potatoes and mushrooms cooked in chicken fat, finished with bourbon au jus. Pair it with a Smuttynose Brewing Co. Old Brown Dog for delicious perfection., We made Thrillist's list of top brunch spots in town! If you haven't had our breakfast pizza, you don't know what you're missin'., Have a slice, stay a while. 🍕🍕 Menu  ➳http://bit.ly/A4Brunch, Delivery anyone? If you live within a mile of us, the delivery charge is free! Full menu ➳bit.ly/BringMePizza, The best Halloween costume ever? Yes. Happy Halloween!! 🎃👻, It's a bloody Mary and pizza kind of night., We're very proud to be representing Massachusetts in Zagat's '50 States, 50 Pizzas'! Our sopressata pie was their favorite, what's yours?, Local Greens Salad: Roasted Asparagus, Shaved Mushrooms, Pecorino & Walnut-Banyuls Vinaigrette, So much pizza, such little time., Iced Americano. No week should start without one 
Cafe Menu ➳➳http://bit.ly/A4Cafe, Sunday Funday always calls for pizza 👌🏼🍕, From our oven to your home. ➳bit.ly/BringMePizza

If you live within a mile of us, the delivery charge is FREE., "Add a couple of eggs to your pie for a truly brunch-y dish. With the combination of Absinthe and Prosecco donned “Death in the Afternoon,” you’ll be sure to leave with both a full stomach and huge smile" - Via Joonbug, Don't want none unless you got buns hun, Excuse me, there's a cat in your coffee 🐯, The South End is getting a new neighbor..., Colorful Brunch Drinks 👌➳➳http://bit.ly/A4Brunch, Healthy Lunch Goals  🌱 ➳http://bit.ly/A4LunchMenu, Looking for the best pizza in the country? Look no further. We made Thrillist's list of Best Pizza Shops in America!, If you live within a mile of us, we'll deliver these garlic knots to you, for FREE.

Delivery Menu ➳bit.ly/BringMePizza, We're thrilled to announce that we landed the first slot on Thrillist's list of best pizza joints in Massachusetts!

"Maybe it’s their pillowy, yet charred, crust made from a 12-year-old sourdough starter, or maybe it's their handcrafted cheeses that never seem greasy -- whatever it is, A4 has found a winning formula", So much brunch, such little time. At least there's tomorrow!, Oh hey Boston, if you live within a mile of us, we'll deliver to you for FREE. 🍕🍕

Menu ➳bit.ly/BringMePizza, We're thrilled to announce we just made the first spot on Thrillist's list of best pizza shops in AMERICA! Thank you for all the love Boston!, Hot Mess and Coffee. Now that's a good Sunday., Breakfast Pizza: A little slice of heaven, Make your life better with pizza. We'll even deliver it to you 
➳bit.ly/BringMePizza, Our secret is out, we're getting a new sibling in the South End., Cafe Vibes, "While the place is known for its pizzas, the brunch options are also delicious and creative" - The Tech, Trio of spreads, paired with a cold brew, naturally.

↠ http://bit.ly/A4LunchMenu ↞, Skillet french toast drenched in berries and pecans <3, No weekend is complete without our brunch flight., Live, Eat, Cocktails., We'll be whipping up something sweet for this year's Fluff Festival in Union Square. Come say hello this Saturday, September 26th 3-7pm. See you there!, It's a lunch on the patio kind of afternoon, Need a study break? Our cafe will perk you up. Not to mention we have pizza next door., But first, Coffee., If you eat all your greens, there's no guilt in eating an entire basket of garlic knots., "Those who are not native to Cambridge … the Area IV neighborhood was kind of unknown. So we called ourselves Area Four because we really wanted to pay homage to the neighborhood that we were based out of.” - Michael Krupp via Scout Cambridge, We Cook With Fire ➳http://bit.ly/CookwithFire, Thank you Scout Somerville for crowing us best restaurant in Kendall Square! Pick up their latest issue to see our feature!, The perfect cup, Our pizza, your house. ➳bit.ly/BringMePizza, Lunch done right: Tomatoes, crispy pork belly topped with blue cheese dressing., Obama visits Boston this past weekend. Remember the time he ordered our mushroom and fontina pizza? What can we say, Potus has excellent taste., Good Morning Cambridge. 

Cafe Menu ➳http://bit.ly/A4Cafe, Our co-founder, Michael Krupp talked with BostInno about predicting the new foodie hot spots in Boston., Mushroom Fontina Pizza, just the way Barack Obama ordered it 👌🏼🇺🇸, How to start your week off right, Just a reminder: Our cafe is closed today, and we're also closed for lunch. We'll see you at 5 for dinner!, Thank you to everyone who stopped by for the Union Square Lunch! We had a blast 👍🏼, Happy Labor Day Weekend! Just a heads up:  the restaurant will be closed for lunch and our cafe will be closed all day on Monday September 7th. We'll open for regular dinner hours at 5pm. See you there!, Pizza and Bubbly 🍕, We do healthy right, Good morning Boston 🍞, Afternoon Delights ☕️😊, Summertime Night Cap 🍻, Breakfast pizza with a side of beer flight. Eggs, two cheeses, potato and chives on top of slow rise dough 🙌🏼, Fancy a slice? #areafour, Puppies love our iced coffee, naturally 🐶 #a4cafe, Summer Evening Cocktails, When you're feeling lazy, we deliver and make your night all the better. 

>>http://bit.ly/BringMePizza, Thanks to everyone who stopped by to see us at the Allandale Farm Tomato Festival!, Corn pizza is in season. As if you needed another excuse to eat pizza., Cocktail time is the happiest time, Have a slice, stay a while, It's coffee time, Grilled corn purée, zucchini, basil, caramelized onions on pizza = pure heaven, Brunch beer flight-tastic. Photo via The Collegiate Vegan, " Shoutout to Area Four for 🙌 PERFECTING 🙌 the huevos rancheros breakfast. Be sure to stop by for brunch ASAP" 

- Blogger of EastCoastFeastCoast: http://bit.ly/ShoutoutECFC 

Thanks for the love!, UrbanDaddy featured our Trio of Spreads in their roundup of the best dips in Boston! We all know three dips are better than one., Patio Paradise. Get outside, drink
coffee and be merry., Beer flights & eggs. Life complete, "Two sunny side up eggs, bacon, sausage, breakfast potatoes, caramelized onion, cheddar, scallions and banana peppers! They have delicious GF options" - Blogger of Gluten Free Boston

See post: https://instagram.com/glutenfree_boston/, Clouds make a great backdrop for afternoon coffee ☁️ ⛅️, Area Four craft cocktail's- good till the last drop., Mushroom and fontina pizza. Now that's a good night 🍕 #areafour, Looking for the best crust in town? Look no further. Snag a copy of Boston Magazine's August issue to see our win for best crust in Boston, and our pizza on the cover!, Necessary bathroom decor. #A4Pizza, Hey Pizza Lovers,

A4 Pizza in Union Square, Somerville is temporarily closed for business due to a utility issue in the neighborhood. We apologize for any inconvenience and we will reopen as soon as possible. Thank you for your patience, and we will be back and better than ever!, "I once cried over garlic knots. True story" - Food Blogger of Away in Boston, We have our own little backyard organic herb garden in Somerville, to make your cocktails all the fresher 🌱, French Press Cafe Uplighting at Area Four, Cambridge., Sweet summertime sangria at A4 Pizza, Somerville., A4pizza for the win! Our Sausage & Banana Pepper Pie will be gracing the cover of Boston Magazine's August Issue. 

A4 Pizza Somerville received the number one spot in Boston for BEST crust in town. Big congrats to the whole team!, Eater Boston interviewed the masters behind Area Four & A4 Pizza. If you're looking for excellent beer and pizza parings, look no further., Sunday Brunch Time 🍳, Weekend Somerville must haves  #A4Pizza, On a budget? Even better. Eater Boston listed us and our late night half-off pies as a cheap, but delicious meal. 

After 11pm, A half-pizza, is just $3! Now that's a pizza you can count on., Beer flights in Cambridge make your day better., Sweet afternoon bliss <3, A4 Pizza, Somerville motto: Cook Fast, Die Slow., You ask, we'll deliver. Everyday. 

Delivery Menu >>http://bit.ly/BringMePizza, "Quite the breakfast pizza", The Daily Meal has nominated our Clam & Bacon Pizza as "Best Pizza in Boston". Help us reign in as champions by voting for us! Thanks for all the support. We'll reward you with pizza, naturally., Bacon fix, accomplished. Clam and bacon Pizza at A4 Pizza, Somerville., Gluten free and delicious, Our Chef, Jeff Pond is featured in the upcoming August/ September issue of Fine Cooking Magazine! Find his pizza tip in the Think Like A Chef” section.

Here's a little sneak peek. Happy Cooking!, Cambridge cafe things, Looking to brush up on innovative ideas of the future? Then stop in, eat pizza and you just may discover a thing or two. 

“If I have lunch at one of the new restaurants like Area Four, you’re going to run into five or six people from Biogen or other companies and you’re going to share ideas and learn about what’s going on.”
- Boston.com, Meet the 1979 cocktail: A refreshing twist on an old classic with Aperol Spritz, Averna, & grapefruit juice. Stir it up with a fresh sprig of rosemary for an extra pop of flavor. 

Talk about the perfect summer nightcap. #AreaFour, Latte with a view #A4Coffee, A4 Pizza in Somerville is a finalist in Scout Somerville's Honored 2015 list! If you haven't tried it yet, swing by, indulge and that vote will be a piece of cake (or pizza pie rather).  Thanks for the support Somerville!, In garlic knot heaven, Green Goodness, 💥 Area Fourth of July Brunch  💥  

Patriotic Pizza 🍕, A4 pizza in Somerville will be closed tomorrow for the holiday. 

BUT Area Four Cambridge is open all day for brunch and dinner. Party on Wayne ✊🏼, We're open in Cambridge for 4th of July! Celebrate #AreaFourth with us ALL DAY long for brunch and dinner. They'll be cocktails a plenty, craft beer a flowing and the best pizza in Boston 🇺🇸💥🎆

Open 10:30am-midnight, Best way to start the day, Pizza at work makes everything better. Especially when it's the best pizza in town, officially. 

Menu >>bit.ly/BringMePizza, We're happy to announce that A4 Pizza in Somerville just received BEST PIZZA in Boston via Improper Bostonian Magazine's Best of!, Stop looking at me swan!, Brunch goodies 🍳, Beer-o'clock, Menu words of wisdom, Keeping it cool ☕️, Tight Budget? Well, we just made Zagat's Best Cheap Eats List! Now you can eat all the pizza you want, and not feel bad about it. 

See menu >> http://bit.ly/A4Dinner, $1 oysters all night, scrumptious craft beer and pizza. Happy Father's Day Dads!, Just a heads up: We're only open for Brunch tomorrow, and we'll be closing that evening for a private event. We'll be back at it on Sunday!, The perfect nightcap, Bar vibes 🍻, Healthy lunchtime eats: Trio of Spreads 
Spiced Carrot, Beet & Horseradish Puree, Fresh Chickpea Hummus, Pickles & Pita, Weekend goals 🍻, Treat yo' self

Cast Iron Cookies: Peanut, oatmeal, cherry & butterscotch, chocolate chip <3, Morning Regiment, Dinner? Yes please., Colorful eats, Sunday afternoon views, Weekend ready, Guess who just made the best bacon dishes in town list!

"A4 already slings some of the tastiest pizza in town but do everybody at your table a favor and order the one topped with juicy fried clams, bacon, pecorino, hot pepper, and fresh parsley" - Thrillist, Best way to start your morning, Everything gets better with coffee ☕️, Mondays are hard. That's why we deliver. 

See Menu >>bit.ly/BringMePizza, Pizza for days 🍕🍕🍕, Supreme Garlic Knots. It's what we do. 

Menu: http://bit.ly/A4Dinner, A coffee break is a happy break 😏, How we do salads, Happy Memorial Day! Today calls for Brunch, naturally. It's on from 11:30-2:30. See you there!, Cheers to the long weekend! You've earned it 🍻, Missed Brunch this weekend? Not to worry. We're hosting an extra brunch tomorrow from 11:30-2:30, with all the beer flights of your dreams., "The weekend brunch menu is a hearty affair with pastries from the A4 cafe like orange matcha scones and blueberry cornbread making a welcome appearance" - Time Out Boston, "This Kendall Square brick oven pizza purveyor is known across town for its signature flatbreads, made with a focus on back-to-basics recipes using simple, high quality ingredients and 30-hour-fermented dough" - Time Out Boston, We cook with fire 🔥, Dinner is Served. Oh, and in case you didn't already know, we deliver. #LifeComplete

See delivery menu >>bit.ly/BringMePizza, Say hello to your perfect afternoon reading spot. #A4Cafe, Good Morning, Keeping it local. We have a few killer local brews on tap. Snag em' while you can!, Homemade Spreads 🍞 Lunch is on!, Rise and Grind ☕️, Ultra cheesy mac and cheese with bacon. Life Complete., Whipping up a fresh batch of cold brew 👍, Mother's Day afternoon perks., Hello Weekend. 

Brunch Menu ➳http://bit.ly/A4Brunch, You know what's so great about today? You get to eat pizza, OUTSIDE. Patio is open, and lunch is on., Breakfast on the mind, Happy Monday ☕️, Today calls for outdoor brunch beer flights, naturally., Feeling like a hot mess? 

Well our Hot Mess Breakfast Pizza comes with Home Fries, Bacon, Breakfast Sausage, Caramelized Onions, Cheddar, Scallions & Pickled Banana Pepper Relish. 

Best remedy money can buy., The perfect Friday morning., A little #tbt to dinner after running The Boston Marathon. 👌, Happy Coffee Break, “I asked him for a 5-star Yelp review,” says Krupp. “I don’t care what Yelpers say. But I care what the president says.” 
- via The Boston Globe on Obama's luncheon last month., Pizza Brunch. 

Menu: http://bit.ly/A4Brunch, Does your night involve Caramelized Onion & Gorgonzola Pizza with Peppered Walnuts & Scallions?

Because it really should., Attention Coffee Lovers: We're Hiring a Cafe Manager!, Waking up the best we know how. #CoffeeisLife, Feeling healthy?

Beets, Goat Cheese, Apples, Peppered Pecans & Apple Cider Vinaigrette. Pure Deliciousness.

Menu >>http://bit.ly/A4Dinner, Sunday night ambiance, Big night planned? You'll need our Death in the Afternoon tomorrow.

"An interesting take on a mimosa made with Absinthe and Prosecco. It still has the bubbly sweetness of a classic mimosa, but with an extra kick that will seriously rev up your morning!" - WBZ | CBS Boston, How we spend our Thursday nights., We Hear You. 

You spoke, we listened. Our Clam and Bacon Pizza is back in action! #PresidentialExperience, Hungry? Garlic knots should do the trick.

We now deliver 7 days a week. AND you can get a $5 off coupon on your first order using code BostonsBest5! 

See Menu: bit.ly/BringMePizza, Oh Hello Sunday Brunch Cocktail Flight., New Weekend Cafe Hours  

 We're now open at 8am on weekends! Cafe runs until 4pm Saturday's and Sunday's., It's official: Our Clam and Bacon Pizza is BACK., If they're good enough for the president, we think we can make due. - Zagat, "What I love best about (Area Four) is that they know how to build the perfect pizza: tasty sourdough crust, quality ingredients, and the right proportion of toppings" - Boston Magazine, More Cafe = More Fun. 

We're adding extra cafe hours to help perk up your day. Starting Friday, we'll be open until 6pm each week day. (7am-6pm, M-F) 

Weekends we'll be opening at 8am! (Sat-Sun 8am-4pm), Easter Brunch, A4 style. 

We'll be serving up our scrumptious brunch tomorrow until 4pm, and closing at 5. Cafe will run normal hours. See you there!, We kept the big secret for a week and a half, and only told a select few: The President of United States is coming to our restaurant for lunch.

Read more about our Presidential Lunch Prep for Barack Obamaama, We now DELIVER! We've partnered with Caviar to bring pizza, salad and yes, garlic knots to your workplace and home every. single. day. 

Get a $5 off coupon on your first order using code BostonsBest5! 
Check it: bit.ly/BringMePizza, Everyone loves a good pizza party—even the President and the Democratic National Committee, apparently. -via People.com

#PresidentialPizzaParty, "The President brought his appetite. Barack Obama ordered the Mushroom Fontina Pizza and ate it all. He requested a Carnivore Pizza 'for the road' made with bacon, soppressata and fennel sage sausage." - The Boston Globe, The rumors are true...we're honored to say that we hosted President Barack Obama for lunch today!, Hey Boston, looks like we'll be closing for dinner tonight as well. We'll see you bright and early tomorrow!, Reminder: Cafe is closed today. And no lunch service., Hey weekend warriors, we're hosting a private event tomorrow afternoon, so no lunch & no cafe for the entire day. Sorry we won't be here to perk up your Monday morning., Pizza. Beer. Legos. Just your typical Friday night, Just a head's up: This Monday, 3/30, we'll be closing down our cafe (all day) and closing for lunch service for a private event. We'll re-open for dinner that evening. So plan accordingly!, Warm baked garlic knots topped with pecorino cheese & freshly chopped gremolata. Your dinner awaits., Latte Art, Making it to Sweet 16 has never felt so good. We just made it to the top 16 in The Boston Globe's #MunchMadness! Let's keep it going strong, and thank you for all your support thus far!, "The neighborhood favorite noted for its delicious garlic knots, made from leftover pizza dough dipped in oil, Parmesan, and garlic and served with all sorts of yummy sauces. The place was jammed, with good reason, on a weekday night." - The Boston Globe, Order the marrow special, and we'll make it a bone luge. Running this weekend!, How we do Saturday mornings, Dinner of Champions., Afternoon Bliss., Munch Madness is ON. Vote for us via The Boston Globe, and help us reign in as the champions!

You'll find our bracket in the right hand column where it says "Round 1". Let's do this!, Who needs green beer when you can have craft beer. Happy St. Patricks Day!, Brunch. is. on. 10:30-2:30

See Menu: http://bit.ly/A4Brunch, Friday Night is calling..., This is how we do a Winter Warmer, null, null, Nice shout out to Chef Mikey at #A4Pizza in the newest "Best Pizza" list in the new issue of Boston Globe Magazine, We're here for you! #a4cafe #a4kendall #pizza #coffee #sweettreats #openinbos #openincambridge, Single or not, do you hate valentines day? So do we! Annual Cupid's Stupid Dinner is just around the corner! Keep you eyes on our social media outlets ( https://twitter.com/area_four http://instagram.com/areafour# ) for more details and possible new adventures!, Barrington Coffee Roasting Company Roasting Company
Get ready! We are having a FREE tasting of our NEW (413) coffee, this Friday, from 1p-3p, at 346 Congress Street Fort Point in Boston.

soon to be our new guest espresso in the #a4cafe, THERES STILL TIME TO SIGN UP!!! #GIANTJENGA #A4CAFE 8PM START TIME!, Any chance you were watching Food Network just now? #BestPizzaEver, Get Up & Roll Out New Years Day Brunch #4daysobrunch #hotmesshangover #noshowernecessary, null, Tune in to the Cooking Channel right now to #UniqueSweets for Boston's best treats, including some goodies from #A4Cafe, #a4Kendall will be open Chrismas Eve 1130am-230pm #a4cafe will be open 7am-4pm grab a pizza, coffee or cocoa on your way out of town!, COFFEE GIFT PACKS coming to the cafe next week keep an eye out for your next holiday purchase! #cuppow #masonjars #barringtoncoffeeroasters #coffeesock #cleverdrip #a4tshirt, null, ok everyone give us your vote
what style of winter hat do you wear... floppy beanie, pom pom cuffed, fitted beanie, or cuffed beanie?, Elastic waste band brunchtacular at Area Four Kendall!! 3x the brunch fun this week with addition of Friday Nov 28th 10:30a-2:30p. Join us, wear your best #brunchpants!! If you have any like these, we RRRrrreeeaaally wanna see 'em..., We might be closed for the holiday tomorrow, but we're here tonight. Take a pie baking break and let us make one for you. Come on in & have a beer too!, Area Four Kendall Sq is now taking reservations for parties of ALL sizes!!!!! Are you as excited as we are??!! Make yours today via Open Table on our website at www.areafour.com PIZZA PARTY EVERYDAY!!!! See you soon....., Honored to be included on Boston Magazine's 50 Best Restaurants list, We've got a banging potato and bacon pizza over in Somerville this weekend! Don't miss it!, You guys! It's Monday! Why aren't you eating pizza for dinner? It's the perfect pizza eating weather! (but what isn't?) get going already you crazy Somerville and Cambridge foodies!, HAPPY #NATIONALPIZZAMONTH @Area_Four #areafour #Kendall #Cambridge wants your help 're-naming our pies... Come in for pizza & beer 🍕🍺 & enter our PIZZA MAKEOVER, MENU TAKEOVER CONTEST. Free pizza for our winners!!! #pizzacontest #playtowin #freepizza #eatmorepizza #pizzaforlife #pizzaandbeer #beerandpizza, A4 Pizza! Starts so soon! Get down here!, Did you catch #A4Pizza on Phantom Gourmet last week? It's full of flavor and... MAGIC, Happy National Pizza Month!!! Come celebrate with "2 slices" at Area Four Kendall Sq Cambridge & A4 Pizza Union Sq Somerville #nationalpizzamonth #2slices #celebrate #pizzapartyeveryday, What did you do this weekend? #A4Pizza just happened to be in the The New York Times!, Get your tickets before they sell out! Limited spots! This is going to be a delightful collaboration between Barrington Coffee Roasting Company and Us! You won't want to miss it!, A4 Somerville is getting ready for FLUFF FEST tomorrow! We will be open at 3pm for beer and a fluff specialty and then 5pm for pizza!, In case you were out of the loop, the Financial Times notes that #A4Kendall has one of the best brunches in Boston (even though we are technically in Cambridge), Area Four does Ted Talk! Yay Technology!, Fun fact: Food & Wine named #A4Pizza in Somerville one of the best pizza places in America! , @Area_Four #A4Cafe #A4Kendall 
Will be #sleepingin tomorrow...
CLOSED Sunday 9/7/14 for #CambridgeCarnivalInternational, Taking the FDA back to school @Area_Four, A4 Somerville & Area Four Cambridge are out BBQing and drinking beers! See y'all Tuesday!, Do yourself a favor and treat yourself to some All American Hulk Hogan time this Labor Day weekend!, @Area_Four's guerilla marketing campaign #recycling #businesscards #crafts #freeswag   Square Kendall, @Area_Four Kendall=Open. You=Hungry., PIZZAPOCOLYPSE!!!!?? No, @Area_Four Kendall & #A4Cafe are just closed again today, Weds 8/27. Back tmw!! #manipedis, They're baaaaack....Area Four Kendall knows what you crave!! That's right, CRAQUELIN. Come get 'em before their gone................#A4Cafe, A4 Kendall's back & we've got your Monday cure! Be it coffee, cookies, craft beer, or a carnivore...
Come see us, we missed you yesterday!!, A4 Kendall is playin' hookie today!!! See you tomorrow for pizza, coffee & cafe treats......, Closed??? WHAT THE WHAT??!!! How dare we....
 
A4 Kendall Oven & Cafe closed on these dates:
TOMORROW 8/24, WEDS 8/27, MON 9/1, SUN 9/7

We know, we're gonna miss you too!! Don't freak out though! Here's a chance to feed your caffeine habit at our new A4 Kiosk in the Cambridge Athenaeum. It's right there!! The Kiosk Kids would love to see you.
If it's your pizza jones you're concerned about, been to Somerville lately? While we're away, get your pie fix at A4 Pizza in Union Sq. Tell 'em Kendall sent ya!!, Today A4 Pizza loses one of their favorites. We are so proud of our William for moving to Chicago and going to Law School to help all the little guys! Somerville won't be the same without you! Keep a little piece of pizza in your heart! We love you!, Have you tried the new chocolate macadamia cookie at #A4Cafe & #A4Kiosk? Utterly mind blowing, A4 Somerville has a new tasty watermelon Greek salad with cucumbers, feta, olives & farro! Greek it up with us tonight! Kitchen open until 11!, A4 pizza trivia!! Tonight!!! At 9:30! Hurry up and get here!!, A4 Pizza! 
Trivia night is back!!
Tomorrow at 9:30!
445 Somerville Ave!
Tell your friends!, A4 Pizza turns 1 today! Free root beer floats for all!, Today is opening day for the least boring coffee kiosk found in any office building in Cambridge! #A4Kiosk brings Barrington Coffee Roasting Company & your favorite pastries from #A4Cafe to the Athenaeum Center in East Cambridge, 215 First Street (over by the CambridgeSide Galleria)

Hours: Monday - Friday, 7am to 4pm, Back for the season! At A4 Pizza in Somerville! The corn and basil pizza!, null, Where are you getting your coffee today? Would it happen to be at #A4Cafe, voted Boston Magazine's #BestofBoston Best Neighborhood Cafe, Kendall Square?!

http://www.bostonmagazine.com/best-of-boston/2014/award/neighborhood-cafe/kendall-square/, A4 Pizza won best of Boston/ Best restaurant in Union Square! We are siked!, We love our roasters Barrington Coffee Roasting Company and so should you, Come eat dogs and oysters at Starlab Fest! RIGHT NOW! 453 Somerville Ave!, Tomorrow! STARLAB FEST! A4 Pizza will be out there shucking oysters and cooking up hot dogs! Come on by and say what's up and buy a koozie! We will be there 11-4 at the Somerville Ave location!, A4 Pizzas first installment in our ball jar series! SANGRIA!, A4 Pizza's got koozies y'all!, Get your tix now for The Future of Junk Food 4: Breakfast & Boston Legends - staring Chefs Leviton & Jeff along with lots of great chefs/buddies of our's are involved:
, Making wood-fired pizza makes hot days even hotter. Luckily, #A4Pizza finally has a new AC system. Having pizza for dinner has never been cooler!, Come check out our new gorgeous succulents in our flower box in Somerville!, Wifi + pizza + coffee = ideal working conditions at #A4Kendall, All of our locations will be closed Friday, 7/4 and Saturday, 7/5. AMERICA!!!, TONIGHT! A4 PIZZA!, Tuesday, 7/1 at #A4Pizza in Somerville: get in the spirit of the long weekend ahead with music trivia, Somervilles got some good summertime sipping specials going on tonight! What's better than a nice cold beer? a bucket of beer!, We thank you for your patience and are happy to announce that the patio at #A4Kendall will reopen TONIGHT!, A4 Pizza in Somerville has re-scheduled tonight's music trivia... See you next week!, A4 Pizza in Somerville has got some local squash and zucchini happenings going on tonight! Come celebrate Summer!, Something special for #A4Kendall: squash blossom and ricotta pie, Happy Father's Day!, Our apologies about our ongoing technical difficulties: phones are down again at #A4Kendall, Chill out, it's Friday night!, Bluefish.... Coming soon to A4 Pizza.... Tomorrow!, Beef tongue is baaaaack in Somerville! Come to A4 Pizza in Somerville and try our 36 hour cooked topping! We've also got City Growers baby kale on our asparagus pizza tonight!, Have you seen the new issue of Improper Bostonian Magazine? Chef Leviton is making an impact through sustainable seafood

, #A4Cafe will close at 3pm today (6/10) for a private event, A4 Somerville is getting dirty in their new flower boxes! Staff pizza garden!, FYI: #A4Cafe will be closing early today (6/6) at 4pm for a private event, Lunch service at #A4Kendall for Friday, 6/6 will be extended to 3pm to celebrate graduation day for our neighbors at MIT, null, #A4Pizza in Somerville will be closed tonight (Sunday, 6/1) for a private event. Sorry for the inconvenience!, Special onion pie starting tonight at A4 Pizza!, It's Anderson Valley Brewing Company night TONIGHT (5/28) at #A4Pizza!, DJ Braun Dapper will be in the house tonight at #A4Pizza for this month's edition of music trivia. Starts at 9:30pm, Closed today for Memorial Day at all locations! Don't worry, #A4Pizza will make up for it with Music Trivia tomorrow (5/27) and Anderson Valley Brewing Company Night on Wednesday (5/28)!, Make some post-Memorial Day plans at #A4Pizza: next Wednesday, 5/28 is Anderson Valley Brewing Company Night! 8-10pm in Somerville, #A4Pizza's Laura Webster shares her summer beer suggestions with The Boston Globe, Somerville is just getting started! Come on by!, null, Live the easy life this Friday night like Kevin Mcallister .... at Area Four & A4!, Our friend, Israeli chef Gil Hovav, representing in his lucky shirt at the International Book Fair in Thesaloniki, Greece, Chocolate covered strawberries for all of our Mother's Day guests at #A4Kendall, Pizza & Wu Tang Trivia tonight at A4 in Somerville!, It's Krupp's 36th birthday so we're honoring him with a special edition of Wu Tang music trivia tomorrow (Tuesday, 5/6) night at #A4Pizza. Bring da motherf*ckin' ruckus!, A4 Pizza in Somerville is sprouting some Hell or High Watermelon! And Area Four in Cambridge has it on draft! Enjoy this awesome weather with this tasty beer. It's like sticking a straw in a watermelon!, It's Katie's last day in the bakery, enjoy her last batch of deliciousness now while it lasts, CAMBRIDGE just tapped  Jack's Abby Brewing Smoked Marzen! Last keg of the batch! Come drink some of this delicious Rauchbier! Tastes like bacon!, A4 Somerville has moved trivia! Tell all your friends!, Chef Leviton is shaking things up about sustainability and Boston Magazine is watching, Rose season is (hopefully) here for good at #A4Kendall!

Come in and sample our ever-changing selection of delicious, drinkable, and utterly gulp-able pink wine. We'll be pouring three distinct selections at all times for the rest of the 2014 season., We bid adieu to the #A4Truck as it makes the 18-hour journey to Nashville, TN for a season with our friends at #RhythmAndSpice615, serving the best damn jerk chicken in Music City, All locations open for regular hours today (4/21), serving our fellow patriots of the Commonwealth, Easter Brunch at #A4Kendall tomorrow (4/20) from 10:30a-4p, Enough said, Our phones are down at #A4Kendall in Cambridge tonight (4/15)! To place a take out order, email us at info@areafour.com and for delivery, order through our friends at Dashed (delivery available until 9:30pm)

http://www.foodler.com/area-four/14926/bb, Got a case of the Mondays? We can help!, Start your weekend right..., New guest roasts from Barrington Coffee Roasting Company at #A4Cafe: El Diamante and Wahana, The people dig #A4Pizza! Voted "Best Pizza (Artisanal) in DigBoston's 2014 DigThis!, Available for pick up at both locations or delivery through DASHED, null, New on tap for April at #A4Kendall, Wood delivery day. To think, this will only last about 4 weeks, Holy moly! We've made it to Round 4 of Munch Madness. Vote now:, Music trivia is back tomorrow night (3/25) at #A4Pizza, get there by 9pm to prove your knowledge, Talking shop with Chef Jeff #PizzaWeek

, Drink at #A4Pizza and earn perks for our buds at Brooklyn Boulders Somerville's Spring Carnival Sale on 3/22 - tonight (3/19) thru Friday (3/21)!, Now we need your help! Vote Area Four & A4 Pizza in Eater Boston's 2nd round of #PizzaWeek

, It's #PizzaWeek at Eater Boston so get ready for lots of pizza talk: first up, #A4Pizza named one of Boston's 16 most iconic pizzerias
, Pics from last night's #TrashFishBoston dinner from Chefs Collaborative!, Sunday we're hosting #TrashFishBoston for dinner so keep up on our Cambridge hours:

#A4Cafe 9a-2:30p
#A4Kendall Brunch ONLY starts at 10:30a, last seating at 1:30p, Watch behind-the-scenes of Chefs Collaborative's most recent #TrashFish dinner in Portland, OR. 

This Sunday's dinner is SOLD OUT! Looking forward to hosting such an impressive group of chefs, A sneak of the menu for Sunday's #TrashFish dinner for Chefs Collaborative, 1st course brought to you by our own Chefs Leviton & Pond:'

Sea Clam Stuffies, Area Four Bacon, Wood Oven Roasted Citrus Remoulade, Do you know where your food is coming from? We do!, Tonight's special at #A4Pizza for the Big Poppa Party is "Ready to Pie": smoked provolone with red sauce, sausage, charred scallion aioli and crisp garlic, $18, Getting in the mood for tomorrow's Big Poppa Party at #A4Pizza

RIP Big, Big Poppa Party this Sunday, 3/9 at #A4Pizza, celebrating the life of lyrical genius Christopher Wallace aka Notorious BIG featuring a special Biggie pizza and a banging soundtrack, Pizza pseudo-science!
, Take a minute and vote for A4 for Best Artisanal Pizza for DigBoston's DigThis Awards (and maybe write in #A4Cafe in best coffee shop and bakery), Yuengling Boston tall boys, as modeled by Pistachio, now available at #A4Pizza #ohdeer, Tickets for Chefs Collaborative's Trash Fish dinner at #A4Kendall available here:

http://www.chefscollaborative.org/programs/seafood-solutions/trash-fish-dinner/trash-fish-boston-2014/, Special sloppy joe for TONIGHT (2/20) ONLY at #A4Kendall: Smoked and braised grass fed beef, bbq sauce, fried farm eggs, cheddar, A4 pickles and a jumbo biscuit. Filthy in the best way., TONIGHT AT #A4PIZZA!, So very proud of Chef Leviton and our other Boston area friends on the list, Tonight's music trivia at #A4Pizza has been postponed til Thursday (2/20) at 9:30pm but the pizza will be sizzling over in Somerville regardless, Music trivia at #A4Pizza on Tuesday has been RESCHEDULED to Thursday (2/20) at 9:30pm. Bring your friends and flex your knowledge!, No love to share your pizza with? #A4Kendall will be serving up Jerked Chicken & Irate Rice, Skewered Lamb Neck with Garlic Beans & Greens and "Angry" Arrabbiata pizza for dinner tonight & Saturday for your lonely heart, Getting our voodoo cookies ready for Anti Valentine's Day.  Hex your ex with us this Friday & Saturday at #A4Kendall, Get angry this weekend with our special arrabbiata pizza to protest all notions of love (except for pizza) with #A4Kendall's Anti Valentine's Day, Warm yourself up with this video created by our friend & former pizza cook, Mikey, at #A4Pizza, then come grab a pie in Somerville 
, Don't love someone enough to give them your last slice of pizza? Join us at #A4Kendall for Anti Valentine's Day this Friday starting at 5pm and eat your feelings, This Sunday Chef Leviton cooks up some feel good Jewish food for New Center for Arts and Culture's Beyond Bubbie's Kitchen. Tickets are $45 and available at the link below:, #A4Kendall will remain closed today, but we'll be rocking over at #A4Pizza for dinner tonight, There's "snow" holding back the #A4Pizza crew - Somerville will be open tonight for dinner. Open at 5pm, Due to the threat of inclement weather, #A4Cafe will be closed tomorrow (2/5) & #A4Kendall will be closed for lunch service. Stay tuned to see how dinner service pans out. Stay warm, friends., For those of you who aren't convinced, don't worry. We've got some real serious salads., This Thursday, Katie Kimble and Girl Scout Cookies. It should be a no brainer
, 6:30pm: you, us (#A4Kendall), Backlash Beer Co., some football. LET'S DO THIS!, Tomorrow night: #A4Kendall + Backlash Beer Co. Anti SuperBowl Party starts at 6:30pm. Beer, bites & prizes!, New soup alert at #A4Kendall: roasted cauliflower, Our pastry wizard, Katie Kimble, will be premiering her spin on the beloved Lemonade Girl Scout cookie at Cookie Creations, a fundraiser to support Girl Scouts of Eastern Massachusetts, next Thursday, 2/6

, Are you ready for some football? No? Well, we've got your back. Anti SuperBowl Party with Backlash Beer Co. this Sunday at #A4Kendall at 6:30pm - Death & Groundswell on tap, lots of good food, some prizes, even Puppy Bowl if you're lucky ;), "Had the Patriots made it further, we would be a lot more enthusiastic."

Join us and Backlash Beer Co. this Sunday, 2/1 around 6:30pm at #A4Kendall. We'll be pouring Death and Groundswell., Our friends at Last Man Media documented how we make pizza. Check it out:
, Do YOU know how many times Janet Jackson has been married? Music trivia is going down right now at #A4Pizza, Perfect timing: #A4Pizza now serving The 86 Company clear spirits as we get to some music trivia tonight. No cocktails, just mixers as we keep it real., MUSIC TRIVIA TONIGHT AT #A4PIZZA 9:30PM!, #A4Pizza will be participating in Saturday's scavenger hunt in Union Square - sign up below!, null, null, #A4Kendall kitchen is closed, bar closing at 10pm. #A4Pizza kitchen closed but cold slices & bar will be open as per usual. #A4Cafe will open at 9am tomorrow. Enjoy the snow and be safe!, Music trivia night = snow emergencies, so WE'VE RESCHEDULED MUSIC TRIVIA AT #A4PIZZA TO THIS THURSDAY, 1/23 AT 9PM - Don't worry, #A4Pizza will still be open for dinner for those of you who can brave the weather, #A4Pizza named one of Boston Globe Magazine's Best of the New, Bring your friends, come up with a mildly offensive team name, eat pizza, drink beer, yell at the MC, laugh, flex your music knowledge. Sharing is caring and we appreciate anyone spreading the word., null, Late night living, New guest roaster, Olympia Coffee Roasting Co. from Washington state, now available at #A4Cafe, For your leftovers...
, BRUNCH, New at #A4Kendall for dinner: Salt Crusted Whole Black Bass!

Cooked in the wood fired oven in a salt crust, baked for 25-30 minutes, then once presented to the table in the salt, Chef breaks down the fish for the table and plates it on a beautiful bed of endive with almonds, blood orange segments, and topped with the roasted citrus vinaigrette.

An absolute steal at $34, #A4Kendall will be closing after lunch service today (2:30p) for a private event this evening. Apologies for any inconvenience, The first Monday of 2014 calls for a pick up from #A4Cafe, #A4Cafe will open at 11am, #A4Kendall will open for dinner service this evening, as will #A4Pizza, #A4Pizza is closed for the night, stay tuned for tomorrow's hours - #A4Cafe will be open at 9am tomorrow, #A4Pizza will be opening at 5:30 tonight because who doesn't want warm pizza in cold snow. Will keep you posted on closing time as we see how much keeps coming down., Alright, the snow wins.  #A4Kendall & #A4Cafe will be closing at 2:30pm today. The cafe will reopen at 9am tomorrow, restaurant will open for lunch., We have all intentions of opening all locations at regular hours tomorrow, so stay tuned... Weather forecasters can't scare us!, Happy New Year! Join us for New Year's Brunch at #A4Kendall today (1/1) from 10:30a - 3p or have your first dinner of 2014 with us, starting at 5p. #A4Cafe & #A4Pizza will both be closed today, resuming regular hours tomorrow (1/2)., Today (12/31): #A4Cafe 7a - 3p; #A4Kendall open for lunch (11:30a - 2:30p), closed for dinner to prep for tomorrow's New Year's Brunch (10:30a - 3p!!!); #A4Pizza open regular hours and ready to PARTY, Don't feel like going out for New Year's? Get some pizzas to go from #A4Pizza (#A4Kendall will be closed for dinner tomorrow night) and catch up on all of the movies that are about to disappear off Netflix (or, if you're like us, have a Kids In the Hall marathon):
, Today (12/26): #A4Cafe open 9a - 3p; #A4Kendall & #A4Pizza regular hours, Merry Christmas from the entire Area Four family to your's!

[More pizza art here: http://bit.ly/1fCrcLM], No better night to drink this than tonight! #A4Pizza is open for dinner, Today (12/24): #A4Cafe open until 3pm; #A4Kendall only open for lunch (11:30a - 2:30p) and closed for dinner; #A4Pizza open for dinner. All locations will be closed tomorrow for the holiday.

Merry Christmas!, Holiday Hours!

#A4Kendall
Tuesday, 12/24 11:30am - 2:30pm (closed for dinner)
Wednesday, 12/25 closed for Christmas
Thursday, 12/26 back to regular hours
Tuesday, 12/31 11:30am - 2:30pm (closed for dinner)
Wednesday, 1/1 New Year's Brunch 10:30am - 3pm, dinner 5 - 10pm
Thursday, 1/2 11:30am - 2:30pm (closed for dinner for private event)

#A4Cafe
Tuesday, 12/24 7am - 3pm
Closed on Christmas!
Thursday, 12/26 7am - 3pm
Tuesday, 12/31 7am - 3pm
Wednesday, 1/1 Closed for New Year's Brunch
Thursday, 1/2 back to regular hours

#A4Pizza
Open Christmas Eve & New Year's Eve!
Closed Christmas & New Year's Day, Scrambling for gift ideas? Cop an Area Four gift card, available at both locations, Private parties call for party pigs (oh yeah, we DO that!), FYI #A4Pizza in Somerville will be closed this evening (12/20) for a private event, The Michaels took their act (and some baked goods) to Henry in the Grub on RadioBDC yesterday and hilarity ensued, Yeah, Chef Leviton!, Tune in to RadioBDC.com for some A4 chat at 10am - Krupp will be in the studio, live, most likely eating cookies on the air, Music trivia at #A4Pizza has been canceled tonight (will be back in 2014!) but the bar is still rocking and the pizza is hot - brave the snow and ride out the storm with us!, Tonight's music trivia special at #A4Pizza: cauliflower and hazelnut, Snow day = music trivia at #A4Pizza tonight at9pm, Music trivia returns tomorrow night to #A4Pizza at 9pm, Despite the snow emergency in Somerville, #A4Pizza will be open to keep you full with warmth, Guess who was on CBS This Morning earlier today?, It's that time again: Music trivia returns on Tuesday at #A4Pizza starting at 9pm with DJ Braun Dapper. Get your friends together, get there early to claim some seats and name your team something mildly offensive! We've got prizes!, They totally meant to do this #A4Cafe, #A4Kendall's given "honorable mention" in Boston Magazine's Hidden Gems search for Boston's best mac n cheese (ours comes topped with croissant crumbs)

http://www.bostonmagazine.com/restaurants/blog/2013/12/10/macaroni-and-cheese-boston/, We believe in good design as much as we do good food: The people behind A4's rebranding are also behind an incredible non-profit, Youth Design, providing talented urban youth with access, training and mentorship opportunities in the design industry. They have 10 years of success under their belt and are raising funds to keep this going another 10 years. 

Help us help out Youth Design by donating just $10 today:

https://www.fundraise.com/youth-design/10for10, Let us help you forget about the slush outside with hot buttered rum at the #A4Kendall bar, $11, Sunday Funday: Macaulay Culkin (yes, Michael Jackson's friend of "Home Alone" infamy) started a pizza-themed Velvet Underground cover band called Pizza Underground, New pizza alert at #A4Pizza! Garlic crema sauce, smoked ham, roasted potatoes finished with a fennel rosemary salad, More goods from our current guest roaster, Handsome Coffee from LA, This Saturday, 12/7 from 7-11pm, join our friends Union Press for LOL! A Comedy Show, hosted by Rob Crean featuring the #A4HotDogCart & Slumbrew at 440 Somerville Ave 

$5 suggested donation gets you 2 dogs & a brew! Hot dog jokes write themselves!

After, swing by #A4Pizza (just across the street) for late night half-price cold pies until 1am, OK, we know Thanksgiving is so last week, but we're still pretty thankful that #A4Pizza and it's mushroom pizza made The Boston Globe's "13 Dishes to be Thankful For in 2013", We can't fully agree with the POV of this piece (food porn is a way of life in this digital age), but happy to be featured as Brian Samuels Photography's subject - more people should take his advice!, Winner winner Sunday dinner! Full dinner menu for Sundays starts TONIGHT at #A4Kendall, Gobble gobble, In honor of the Festival of Lights, we've brought back sufganiyot (jelly-filled Hanukkah donuts)! Available for the next 8 days, fry times are 10am & 2pm, while supplies last.

Pre-order a minimum of 6 with a 48 hr notice to guarantee yours., We will be operating at regular business hours all week, except for Thursday. Thursday is for turkey., Our new guest coffees from Handsome Coffee based out of LA: Hondurous San Vicente, Kenya Kagumoini, and Dapper espresso blend, Tomorrow is the last day to order Thanksgiving pies from #A4Cafe - get your Pumpkin and/or Apple Crumble while you can! 

$15 each for pick up after 4pm on Tuesday, 11/26 or all day Wednesday, 11/27 at #A4Kendall. Order at the cafe or the hostess stand in the restaurant.

(Cancellations must be made 24 hours in advance, Caption this., Big up to DJ Braun Dapper for making music trivia happen tonight. Congrats to our winners, The Taco Belles!, The line up for tonight's music trivia..., Beer bucket for tonight's #A4Pizza music trivia featuring Tecate, BBC, Avery White Rascal, & Boont Amber. Get one for your team!, Pumpkin spice muffin & cortado to start off the day (stolen from #A4Cafe's Jemesii), Who's up for our first shot at music trivia tomorrow night at #A4Pizza? It's going to be a rowdy, good time, Tuesday night at #A4Pizza is our first ever music trivia night! 9p-12a with prizes from Get On Down. Bring it!, Now at #A4Pizza: Delicata squash marinated in Cambridge Brewing Company pumpkin ale with hazlenuts, red onion, golden raisins and brown butter vinaigrette, Eater Boston wants to know what restaurant is "so hot right now" - you've got 24 hours to vote (and vote often) for #A4Pizza, Let #A4Cafe help you get ready for Thanksgiving!

Pumpkin and Apple Crumble pies available for pre-order for pick up after 4pm on Tuesday, 11/26 or all day Wednesday, 11/27, $15 each. Order at the cafe or the hostess stand at #A4Kendall. 

All orders must be in by 6pm, Friday 11/22 (Cancellations must be made 24 hours in advance), Alright, we might not be this literal with our pizza (promise our's tastes better than this looks), but it's Monday which means it's time for a PRE-GAME PARTY! 

6:30pm until kick off at #A4Kendall (500 Technology Sq, Cambridge) featuring Berkshire Brewing Company Stuck Mash Ale and Carbonara pizza for $10, Tomorrow night! Monday Night Pre-Game at #A4Kendall 6:30pm til kick off. $10 gets you Berkshire Brewing Stuck Mash Ale & unlimited special pizza (TBD). Wahoooooo!, Brunch = pumpkin pecan cinnamon bun, Check out the Candy Crush-themed gingerbread house our in-house pastry goddess, Katie Kimble, made for this weekend's Christmas Festival at the World Trade Center, Three cheers to Jessica Sutton Graphic Design LLC for making our website the coolest! Check out the new online digs:, #A4Pizza in excellent company on last night's episode of Chronicle on WCVB Channel 5 - starts at the 3:33 mark, Don't forget to vote today!, Tara takes the cake for best costume at #A4Pizza as Dios de Los Pizza, The #A4Cafe gang does Halloween (the other half of Brendan's costume is the espresso machine), Tonight at #A4Pizza, Watch the game and treat yourself to a Maine Root (beer) & Hoodsie float at #A4Pizza!, Trick or treat for all ages at #A4Kendall & #A4Cafe tomorrow!, Who needs candy on Halloween when you have #A4Pizza: Between 5pm-7pm on 10/31, kids dressed in their costumes get a free cheese pizza!, Thursday is Halloween and #A4Pizza in Somerville is getting into the spirit of things:

Bring your kid in between 5pm-7pm dressed in their costume and they get a free cheese pizza! Plus, we'll be giving out candy to trick-or-treaters of all ages the entire night! 

Let's get SPOOKY!, Afternoon delights at #A4Cafe: pumpkin pecan bar, cranberry white chocolate bar & apple tarts, ARE YOU READY FOR SOME FOOTBALL?! 

TV is on in the cafe, Backlash Beer Co. Outbreak double IPA + Hawaiian pizza for $10 until kick-off, New fall hours at #A4Kendall

Monday-Friday
Lunch 11:30-2:30
Dinner 5:00-10
*The kitchen will close from 2:30-5, but the bar will open back up at 4:30

Saturday
Brunch 10:30-2:30
Dinner 5:00-10
*The kitchen will close from 2:30-5, but the bar will open back up at 4:30

Sunday
Brunch 10:30-2:30
Dinner 2:30-9, Monday Night Pre-Game is BACK at #A4Kendall!

From 6:30pm until kick-off, Backlash Beer Co. Outbreak double IPA and Hawaiian pizza for $10, Tomorrow is the last day of SoWa Open Market! Get into character and stop by the #A4Truck  as they kick into the final week on the road for the season (last day on the Rose Fitzgerald Kennedy Greenway is Friday, 11/1), Now available at #A4Pizza: Dogfish Head Beer Punkin Ale (goes perfectly with our new butternut squash pizza) - the OFFICIAL beer of Punkin Chunckin, the world championship pumpkin chucking contest:

https://www.facebook.com/events/656051807752042/?fref=ts, "Drunken T-Rex" Supreme garlic knots, featuring every meat we could get in there. The ultimate carnivore experience at #A4Kendall, From yesterday, Chef Jeff manning our Hoison black bean sauce pork ribs for East Cambridge Business Association's RibFest, Coffee cocktails now available at the counter of #A4Cafe, including Irish Coffee made with Barrington Coffee, Kilbeggan whiskey, & Luxardo maraschino whipped cream. Served hot or iced., Things to do this weekend:

Saturday 
#A4Truck at Boston Book Festival in Copley 
#A4Pizza at Somerville Local First Harvest Fest at Arts at the Armory in Somerville 
Try new coffee cocktails at #A4Cafe in Cambridge 

Sunday
#A4Truck at SoWa Open Market
Area Four repping at #ECRibFest in Cambridge 
Repent with a shaved brussel sprout salad at #A4Kendall for dinner, You know what's really good? East Cambridge Business Association's Smoke This Rib Fest, happening this Sunday - we'll be out there smoking some meat with the best of them. Here's how you can enjoy:, Join #A4Pizza at Session 1 of Somerville Local First's Harvest Fest this Saturday!, The gang at #A4Pizza took a class trip to Jack's Abby Brewing earlier today, Shaved brussel sprout salad is back. Need we say more?, Psyched that the #A4Truck will be at the Boston Book Fest this Saturday. Details here:

www.bostonbookfest.org, On tap at #A4Kendall: Rock Art Brewery Ridge Runner Ale, A special fish for a special lady! Share a special day with us and book the #A4Cafe for a private dinner. Call 617.758.4444 for details, #A4Kendall will be closed this evening for a private event. Last seating for brunch today will be a 2:30pm. #A4Cafe is open until 3pm (regular Saturday hours), A little hair of the dog with brunch?, IT'S PEANUT BUTTER JELLY TIME!

Peanut-pane and concord grape tarts now available at #A4Cafe, Who said shakshuka was just for breakfast? Now available at #A4Pizza, Ice cream is back! We're proud to now be serving soft serve from Blue Marble Ice Cream. Celebrate with our Apple Pie sundae... yummmmm, Vote for us for  The Nature Conservancy's People's Choice Nature's Plate Award, recognizing the top sustainable/organic/farm-to-table restaurants in Boston, #A4Pizza Special: Western Mass' Frizzell Hill Farm goat, red & yellow peppers, feta, green olives, shaved fennel and basil. 100% local ingredients! Pairs well with Jack's Abby Brewing Mom & Pop Harvest lager - hops from their parents' farm!

Available only at our Somerville location, This pic is as satisfying as the great review of #A4Pizza in today's The Boston Globe!

http://www.bostonglobe.com/lifestyle/food-dining/2013/10/08/pizza-prices-reflect-deliciousness-and-quality/QLtdtoNjVyt2LgEff5vpZL/story.html, Krupp brewing his special Octoberfest for Hopsters Brew & Boards' grand opening, available in 2 weeks, Dave on mozzarella duty. Outtake from our friends at Last Man Media., Love beer? Co-owner Michael Krupp is supporting our friends at Hopsters Brew & Boards tomorrow night by guest brewing his very own beer. Details below..., One of Israel's top chefs, Gil Hovav, repping A4 with Chef Leviton this weekend at Let's Talk About Food , #A4Cafe IS OPEN for regular business today - restaurant side will be closed until 5pm today., Sorry Cambridge friends, our Kendall Sq location is closed today from 10:30am - 5pm. Come by for dinner, we'll be open then!, How about a little prosciutto pizza with fresh arugula for dinner? Now serving at #A4Pizza in Somerville, FYI #A4Kendall will be closed TOMORROW (Saturday, 10/5) from 10:30am until 5pm. However, #A4Cafe will be open during regular cafe hours (sorry for the confusion!), Brunch, the Israeli way. Catch Chef Leviton tomorrow at this excellent event in Copley Sq at 11:15am. , Super cool! Check out our menus that were redesigned by Korn Design on the rad graphic design network Under Consideration's Art of the Menu blog, Flattered to be a finalist of The Nature Conservancy's People's Choice 2013 Nature's Place Award. Vote for us if you think we're Boston's best sustainable/organic/farm-to-table restaurant!, Need a good reason to drink beer? #A4Kendall just added new brews from Allagash Brewing Company, Night Shift Brewing & Rock Art Brewery on the tap today, Well, they say it's going to get up to 75 today, but we can still pretend it's fall with some mulled hot cider, Pumpkin pizza?! Baked apple and cured pork pizza?! Chef Jeff talks about the things to come at #A4Pizza (and the beers to compliment them), ARE YOU READY FOR SOME FOOTBALL?!

Get our midday special TONIGHT for kickoff at Cambridge & Somerville: one small Margarita pizza and a pint of beer for $12! (Additional toppings are regular price), Stay tuned to see what's "mulling" in our kitchen, Morning reflection from our pastry goddess, Katie Kimble at #A4Cafe, With only Italian Ice & Hoodsies on the dessert menu at #A4Pizza, sometimes you have to improvise with a little help from your friends. Ask for a Hoodsie sandwich made with #A4Cafe's incredible peanut butter cookies tonight!, When I dip, you dip, we dip, #A4Pizza has a new whiskey list (and Fernet, of course)!, Mmmmmmm, Tonight at #A4Pizza in Somerville, we present "The Locavore" - everything on it is locally sourced!, #A4Pizza in Somerville is looking for delivery drivers. Fun crew & great food. Send your resume to jeff@areafour.com, Chef Leviton puts his foot down about America being overfed and undernourished on Here and Now, Just try not having only one slice, A little something special for our "Not Pizza" offerings at #A4Pizza in Somerville: salt & pepper crusted local albacore tuna on a bed of avocado, bok choy and kale with a cucumber toasted sesame vinaigrette, #A4Truck hanging out at the BOA Pavilion, Getting our art on at the Rose Art Museum at Brandeis, TONIGHT! Some of the best art in the Northeast + the #A4Truck = a big party at The Rose Art Museum  featuring Jack Whitten, 60s & 70s sculpture, Omer Fast and Andy Warhol & Photography 5-8pm at Brandeis University 415 South St in Waltham, Chefs Collaborative founding member, chef & author Deborah Madison will be at #A4Kendall today from 3-4pm to discuss her newest book, "Vegetable Literacy", Super psyched to help our friends at Idle Hands Craft Ales celebrate their 2nd birthday this Friday. Wanna party with us? Here's how:, #A4Cafe was recently asked if our decaf coffee was processed through a Swiss water technique. Our roaster, Barrington Coffee Roasting Company, informs that they use a Royal Select Water Process and the result is that our decaf coffee is 99.9% caffeine free. 

To the gentleman who asked this, we apologize for having misplaced your email, hoping you're checking our social media!, #A4Pizza in Somerville is now open on Sundays, as of 5pm today! Same hours all week long, because we love you., It's a great day for some piadini down at SoWa!, Break-fast schmizza (schmear pizza) to celebrate the end of Yom Kippur at #A4Kendall: sour cream shmoo (sour cream and buttermilk "sauce"), smoked bluefish, confit potatoes, pecorino, & scallions, dressed with a salad of:
tomato, cucumber, shaved red onion with rice vinaigrette and a gremalata finish, Don't know about our secret pizza? Just ask your server. Available at both locations. We can't tell you any more (because that's how secrets work)., The #A4Truck comes back to this side of the Charles tomorrow (Saturday, 9/14) for Boston FIG at MIT's Stratton Student Center!, Special on garlic knots; service with a smile happening right now at #A4Pizza in Somerville, #A4Truck as a piece of art at Drive-by Projects in Watertown. Mmmmm delicious art., Sweet corn blueberry bread!, What are you up to tonight? Catch the #A4Truck as a functioning piece of art at Watertown's Drive-by Projects' "Roadside Attractions" opening from 6-8pm, GREAT NEWS! Starting this Sunday #A4Pizza in Somerville will be open 7 days a week! Same hours every day!

Kitchen: 5-11pm 
Bar: 5pm-1am
Half-price (cold) pizza after 11pm!!!, Scott representing Night Shift Brewing as we premiere their new Amarillonation - a single hop, Belgian double IPA. On tap now at #A4Kendall, New coffee from Verve Coffee Roasters available at #A4Cafe: Gitesi from Rwanda & Flor del Cafe from Guatemala, New boards up in the cafe!, #A4Truck's schedule this week:, Mmmmm, warm pita, Here comes the parade!!!, FYI We will be closed for the day tomorrow (Sunday) for Carnival in Cambridge, Brilliant!, A few new additions to the walls of #A4Pizza, Katie Kimble takes a meeting with Greg & Barth at Barrington Coffee Roasting Company, #A4Cafe Training 101: How hot would you like your latte?, Aaaaand if you didn't see it here yesterday, our cafe in Cambridge is looking for a barista/counter person. Please send resumes to michaelsullivan@areafour.com or maites@areafour.com, We're also looking for cooks for both Cambridge & Somerville locations:, As the leaves begin to change, we're looking to add a few new members to our team. First up, bartenders and an assistant manager at our Cambridge location:, Never not moving, Tonight and every night until this Saturday: Free (cold) pizza at #A4Kendall (500 Technology Sq) starting at 10pm until supplies last, #A4Cafe's Maite & West Bridge's Jared are on the same level today. We love our neighbors!, Dippity doo dah! Why not start with our trio of spreads and delicious pita?, #A4Cafe is looking for a new barista/cafe person! 2-3 days/week. Fun, caffienated working environment featuring some of the best coffee roasters and baked goods in town. Spread the word and send any potential candidates to michaelsullivan@areafour.com OR maites@areafour.com, We're closed today but will be in the full swing of things tomorrow. Happy Labor Day!, We're gonna keep at it to welcome a tasty fall! Every night except Sunday, now until Saturday, 9/7. Cambridge location only., Labor Day! In honor of the end of summer, our Cambridge restaurant & the A4 Truck will be closed Monday only, #A4Pizza (Somerville) will be closed Sunday & Monday. Happy weekend!, Building the delicious: nectarine cream cheese poptarts, TONIGHT! Free (cold) pizza starting at 10pm, while supplies last, 500 Technology Square only!, Just got in some lamb, get ready for the goodness, New take out boxes! Because pizza tastes just as good cold, Chef Jeff gets dirty with the Boston Herald today. Check out his recipe for #A4Pizza's bacon blue cheese dressing used for dipping our buffalo chicken pizza: http://bostonherald.com/entertainment/food_dining/food_recipes/2013/08/fast_food_pizzeria_a_hot_spot, Our pastry wizard/magician/goddess (she's been called all of these) just conjured up this butterscotch whiskey pudding with cookies & whipped cream for dessert, This little light of mine... #A4Pizza, Jaime is owning the oven today, Say [house-made] cheese!, This week in the A4 Truck's whereabouts:

https://streetfoodapp.com/boston/a4, Thanks to the Red Bull Cliff Diving girls for giving us wings yesterday at the The Institute of Contemporary Art/Boston!, "Those 36 seats are highly covetable," - Devra First on #A4Pizza 

http://www.bostonglobe.com/lifestyle/food-dining/2013/08/24/pizza-somerville-wood-fired-pies-and-video-games/SO7X514HBdJ7zi9s4WuEnL/story.html, Have you been to #A4Pizza yet?! We've got a bit of different menu than our Kendall Sq restaurant, with out of this world pizza like Corn Basil!, Its almost the weekend! We have tickets to Kendall Square Cinema for $8.00 each, with a check average of $15 per guest!, Chef Michael Leviton, on using sustainable & local ingredients: " I don’t want to put crap in my body or crap in my customer’s body.", Simplicity at its best, Just a head's up, the cafe will be closing at 5pm today for a special event. Sorry for the inconvenience!, WE COOK WITH FIRE, Hugo is working the hot dog cart today, Sometimes we eat the most beautiful things, All prepped for our new cocktail menu at our Kendall location, premiering tonight, This week's schedule at the A4 Truck: closed Friday afternoon and no SoWa Sunday because we'll be at the Red Bull Cliff Diving World Series at The Institute of Contemporary Art/Boston!, Much love to our friend and neighbor Chef Matthew Gaudet of West Bridge for sharing his love of our clam & bacon pizza with Bon Appétit Magazine (see the full recipe on pg 29 of the September issue), Chef Leviton just got back from a trip to visit our friends from Niman Ranch at their farms in Iowa. How beautiful is this sunset at "Willis Dream" farm?!, Who wants chicken for dinner?, Made in the shade, courtesy of our guest roaster, Verve Coffee Roasters, The A4 Truck is ready to take your order at SoWa Open Market all day, Teaching the next generation of A4 about pigs at Alderwood Farms' hog farmers day, Its almost the weekend! We have tickets to Kendall Square Cinema for $8.00 each, with a check average of $15 per guest!, On the line with Jaime, Blake & Leviton at Kendall Sq, Got [garlic] knots?

Photo: Christian Hanrahan, We've got a limited number of these bad boys left at A4 Pizza! Sixpoint Craft Ales 3Beans Baltic porter brewed with Romano beans,  Stumptown Coffee Roasters  coffee beans and Mast Brothers Chocolate cacao beans - 10% ABV, $10 - get 'em while they last! They won't be making this again!, This? This here is magic: local sweet corn ice cream, local blueberry sauce, A4 marshmallow sauce & mixed candied nuts, Competitive yo-yo-ing, benevolent dictatorships and cloning: just some of the buzz words from the Michaels in this great piece from Kara Baskin about opening second restaurants (yeah, A4 Pizza!) in today's The Boston Globe, Sam Leviton (Chef's son) has a future in advertising. Get your Hoodsies at A4 Pizza!, Have a special occasion coming up? We've got a fun, casual atmosphere and a huge variety of organic & local options (like our friend here, caught off the Cape) along with our notable pizzas. Contact Rachel at 617.758.4444 or email risenberg@areafour.com for details

Photo: Christian Hanrahan, Who likes their tomatoes fresh? We do!

Photo: Christian Hanrahan, This is where it's at. 445 Somerville Ave in Union Square. 5pm to 1am. Every day. This is A4 Pizza., Sunny Sunday at the A4 Truck in SoWa, Homemade bagel and schmear (and bluefish pâté), Just what will be a typical Saturday night at A4 Pizza: Mike Tyson's Punch Out and a nice pie, right out of the oven!, Before & After: oatmeal, pecan, cranberry, chocolate chip cookies, Its almost the weekend! We have tickets to Kendall Square Cinema for $8.00 each, with a check average of $15 per guest!, null, A4 Pizza in Union Sq officially opens Monday but you can preview some delicious things to come tonight & tomorrow (closed this Sunday)! 

445 Somerville Ave - across from the Maaco, near Market Basket - doors open at 5pm, Stromboli tonight! Stuffed with coppa, mushrooms and fontina. Served with our house marinara sauce., History lesson: In 2008, we opened our first restaurant, Persephone (RIP). We had two bartenders named Tara (left) and Joe (right). 5.5 years, 2 restaurants and a food truck later, Tara helps run A4Pizza and Joe is" Joe the Architect", who has designed both restaurants. Just two of the many amazing people who've been with us since the beginning!, Fun stuff with our buddy Pistachio can happen at A4 Pizza for those of you who are hashtag-happy! #A4Pizza #ohdeer #Pistachio, Barrington Coffee Roasting Company at its purest, What a day! The cafe has completely sold out of baked goods!, Building up quite the collection of pizza & beer-related records. Stay tuned..., Catch the A4Truck in all of it's Boston-y glory this Thursday night down at BostInno's BostonFest!, Dino ribs, it's what's for dinner, Delicious BN Ranch hot dogs, every Monday, Wednesday & Friday, 11:30-2 in front of 500 Tech Sq, Brunch manager Andrew Foster claims that today is his last day... again (something about opening up a restaurant of his own). Come and pay your respects and get your grub on!, Testing out some new pizza..., Its almost the weekend! We have tickets to Kendall Square Cinema for $8.00 each, with a check average of $15 per guest!, Pepperoni pizza, hot out of the oven, Talking pizza with our friend, Declan, We've got beef! Lebanese beef sausage, A4 pita, roasted red peppers, red onion, fresh chickpeas, spiced yogurt, romaine, cilantro & parsley, Bon Appetit gets elbow deep in Chefs Collaborative's Trash Fish Dinner that Chef Leviton cooked for in Las Vegas, Soft shell crabs anyone?, Afternoon delight: green tea & almond biscotti, Love our cool looking food truck? One of the artists who helped to make it so cool, Nick Z, has a show just down the street from us at Voltage Coffee with his brother, Matt, and they're having an opening reception there this Friday, 7-9pm! You're Friday night just got that much cooler..., Winner winner chicken dinner! Boston Mag's Best Restaurant in Kendall Sq 2 years in a row!, Yum, If you weren't able to make it to Vegas last week, here's a recap of the Chefs Collaborative Trash Fish Dinner that Chef Leviton cooked for, Time to get cra-quelin, What's for dinner?, Our friends at Jessica Sutton Graphic Design LLC are revamping our site! , Today's limited special - first one off the line! Beer braised beef shank sandwich, Now on tap: Riverwalk Extra Special Bitter straight outta Newburyport, A few satisfied A4 Truck customers at yesterday's Figment Boston on the Greenway, Banana split word play, Bring it on, brunch!, Happy birthday, Brendan!, Song of the day as chosen by server Zach and even more brunchtime fun brought to you by our weekend manager, Mr Andrew Foster, Its almost the weekend! We have tickets to Kendall Square Cinema for $8.00 each, with a check average of $15 per guest!, Kendall pride, The perfect pick-me-up: Katie's homemade croissants and Barrington Coffee Roasting Company, Our manager Scott is part of Hand Taste Collective and they'll be hosting a pop up dinner at Spoke Wine Bar in Somerville on Sunday, August 4th - PUT THIS ON YOUR TO-DO LIST! Great local foods, great pairings, even greater time!, Hmmmmm... Gimme!, Where the magic happens, How do you take yours?, The gang at last night's Chefs Collaborative #trashfish dinner in Vegas, our Chef Leviton all the way on the right, Salad days: City Growers mixed greens, shaved radish, fennel, cucumber, peppered hazelnuts, pecorino and lemon vinaigrette, Friends and neighbors! We need your help!

The City of Cambridge License Commission will hold a policy hearing to revise the fee structure of the no-value, non-transferrable alcohol licenses issued by the City. The proposed fee structure will double the annual fee of the city-issued licenses.

We and our fellow Cantabrigian establishments would really appreciate if some people would show up to the hearing to help us fight this proposed change. Here are the details:

License Commission General Hearing
6:00 PM Tuesday, July 23, 2013

Location: 
Lombardi Building
831 Massachusettes Avenue
Basement Level Conference Room
Cambridge, Earlier today, the A4Truck got their minds blown at the National Sand Sculpting Festival..., This weekend's special pie! Smoked Pork Belly & Pecorino topped with a salad of Arugula, Corn, Pickled Green tomatoes & Cherry Bomb Peppers. Get it while it's hot!!!, The A4Truck crew is out in Revere Beach today, watching some killer sand art be built. Check out what they see on Twitter @A4Truck!, Headed to Vegas? Chef Michael Leviton will be there Monday, 7/22 cooking for the Chefs Collaborative Trash Fish dinner at Mandalay Bay Resort and Casino!, Effective tomorrow, 7/20, the Longfellow Bridge will suspend its Cambridge-bound lanes until September 2014 (not this year, NEXT year!) for renovations. Keep this in mind when crossing the Charles - traffic will be diverted over towards the Museum of Science

::long, frustrated sigh::, Its almost the weekend! We have tickets to Kendall Square Cinema for $8.00 each, with a check average of $15 per guest!, ATTENTION! The public has until 7/26 to submit comments on a proposed rule that would open nearly 3000 sq miles of protected habitat off the coast of New England to destructive commercial trawling. 

Take action: https://secure2.convio.net/clf/site/Advocacy?pagename=homepage&page=UserAction&id=376, Not a bad view from the A4Truck, which will be at the National Sand Sculpting Festival in Revere Beach all day, First fire at A4 Pizza in Union Sq, Chef Jeff is like a kid in a candy store. Just waiting for some final paperwork and we'll be announcing an opening date shortly!, null, What's on your menu?, Aloha from Technology Sq! Stay cool with some icy beverages at our bar tonight, The hot dog cart is out today until 2pm and every Monday, Wednesday & Friday!, Jaime in action, prepping that pepperoni pie, This is where the magic happens, What can we pour for you today?, The A4 Truck is at Dewey Sq on the Greenway til 2:30pm today! Peep the week's schedule here: http://streetfoodapp.com/boston/a4, Celebrate Bastille Day in the cafe with some Craquelin!, Tonight's special pie (as presented by the lovely Annie): Roasted Frizzell Hill Farm Goat Pizza with Sophia's feta cheese, green olives, oregeno, arugula, garlic & pickled red onion, Its almost the weekend! We have tickets to Kendall Square Cinema for $8.00 each, with a check average of $15 per guest!, Plans for tonight:

A) Eat at Area Four and get $8 tickets to Kendall Square Cinema when your check averages $15 per person (maybe catch The Bling Ring or 20 Feet From Stardom)

OR 

B) Order an A4 Carnivore pizza (pepperoni, sausage, bacon & mozzarella) for take out, camp out on your couch and stream John Dies at the End. Krupp says the bad acting is camp at it's best and is full of zombies, soy sauce and plenty of inappropriate jokes, This guy, checking out the A4 Hot Dog Cart from across the street, out now at Tech Sq until 2pm, A4 Cafe guest roaster on deck: lamplighter Roasting Company from Richmond, VA, The New York Times Diner's Journal suggests picking up the new cookbook from Chefs Collaborative, a food industry organization focused on sustainability and organic, local and seasonal foods, chaired by founding member and A4's Chef Michael Leviton (he even wrote the forward!).

Available in our cafe and restaurant for $40

http://dinersjournal.blogs.nytimes.com/2013/07/09/front-burner-an-unusual-vegetable-ceramic-ice-cream-cones-and-more/, Treat yourself!

Trifle-to-go (only $2.50!), in the cafe 

BRAND NEW cherry, raspberry, lime rickey (yes, just like the cocktail) sherbet in the restaurant, Today brings new piadini (that's the proper plural form of piadina) to the A4Truck!

Fish & Chips: Tuna fish salad (made with olive oil aioli & cornichons), cheddar & Ruffles potato chips

Roasted Vegetables: Roaseted zucchini & squash, provolone, green beans, olives, arugula & lemon vinaigrette, Hmmmmm... Almond croissant or cinnamon pecan sticky bun? Or blackberry corn muffin or craquelin? Too many decisions, Beer! What's on tap at the party tonight, How many employees does it take to hang a piñata? Turns out it's 4, Test driving a potential hangover pizza (as a preventative measure?): tomato sauce, mozzarella, mac n cheese, BN Ranch hot dog, scallions and Frank's Red Hot, Sorry friends, the cafe is closing at 5pm today for a private event, Attention coffee geeks: We're now pouring Barrington Coffee Roasting Company's Sheeva blend for individual brew in the cafe. Check out the 93 point rating from Coffee Review!, Too busy to sit down for lunch? Our hot dog cart is out until 2, featuring $4 BN Ranch grassfed dogs. Grab and go!, Today is Sam's last day at the bar :(

Come grab a drink and toast one of the funniest ladies in town while you can!, The A4 Truck is at SoWa Open Market today til 4pm. We did a little exploring and found the COOLEST thing at one of our neighbors, Smokin' Hearth Events: liquid nitrogen watermelon! Super simple and delicious on this scorching hot day, Its almost the weekend! We have tickets to Kendall Square Cinema for $8.00 each, with a check average of $15 per guest!, HOLIDAY HOURS!

Tech Sq/Cambridge: Closed Thursday, 7/4 - Reopen Friday, 7/5

A4Truck: Closed Thursday, 7/4 & Friday, 7/5 - Open at SoWa Open Market Sunday 10-4, Cleaning up at the new, soon-to-be-open (but not soon enough!) Union Square location. Caption this..., The Improper Bostonian named us Best Restaurant in Cambridge - Kendall Square and noted how magical our pastry chef, Katie Kimble, is!, Is the long holiday weekend taking too long to get here? pass the time with an A4 sundae of homemade strawberry orange sherbet, vanilla soft serve, toasted coconut, almond slices, marshmallow sauce & jimmies, Check it out and take note: our new summer hours for Cambridge. 

ALSO! We'll be closed this Thursday for Fourth of July, A pleasant surprise on the front page of The Wall Street Journal: Talking trash fish with our very own Michael Leviton and Chefs Collaborative

http://on.wsj.com/19OP6EE, How do you take your A4 today? Coffee/brunch in Cambridge - piadina at the A4 Truck in SoWa - get it now!, Its almost the weekend! We have tickets to Kendall Square Cinema for $8.00 each, with a check average of $15 per guest!, Zagat Survey Boston loves our all-beef, grass fed BN Ranch hot dogs – we guarantee you'll love 'em if you try 'em!, What’s your favorite piadina from A4 Truck? BeantownEats recommends the gyro piadina with chicken!, Swing by the A4 Café for a KK original hump day treat. Cinnamon buns, anyone?, Are you a pizzaiolo looking to work in a fun kitchen with a custom pizza oven? We’re hiring talented line cooks at Area Four in Cambridge and soon-to-open A4 Pizza in Somerville!, We think you should leave the pizza prep to us (and soon-to-open A4 Pizza!) and Huffington Post Lifestyle agrees. Here are some epic pizza fails!, Its almost the weekend! We have tickets to Kendall Square Cinema for $8.00 each, with a check average of $15 per guest!, Here are Boston.com's top 25 things to do that won’t break the bank this summer! (including SoWa Open Market where you can find A4 Truck) What's on your summer bucket list?, According to The New York Times, coffee has notable health benefits – we couldn't agree more! Swing by the A4 Café or A4 Truck for some local Barrington Coffee Roasting Company beans., Vote for A4 Truck as best food truck in Boston on The Boston A-List!, Today’s the perfect day to grab a seat on the A4 patio and soak up the sun!, Its almost the weekend! We have tickets to Kendall Square Cinema for $8.00 each, with a check average of $15 per guest!, Have you visited A4 Truck yet?!

For all truck deets: http://www.areafour.com/truck., One of our favorite things about summer? Rosé wine! We’ve got a rotating line-up of three distinct styles of rosé that you’ll want to try.

Happy sipping!, What’s your favorite treat in the A4 Café? It’s so hard to choose between all of KK’s delicious creations!, Have you voted for Area Four in Boston.com’s Camberville Coffee Contest yet?, Ever wonder where we get our delicious coffee? We proudly serve local Barrington Coffee Roasting Company coffee. Watch this video to get a little more info about this amazing company!, Check out Bon Appétit Magazine’s top four kid-friendly pizza spots in Rome! And if Rome is too far, you can just stop by Area Four to satisfy your pizza craving., Area Four Vocab Lesson: Lambrusco.

Lambrusco is a crisp, fruity, refreshing, sparkling red and one of our favorite pizza and warm-weather wines. It’s available by the glass or bottle. Drink up!, Join us and A4 Truck at the Cambridge Food Truck Festival on June 8 in Kendall Square! We’ll have all your truck favorites like the Muffuletta Piadina and BN Ranch hot dogs., Have you checked out the latest issue of Improper Bostonian Magazine? A4's recipes for relish and BN Ranch hot dogs are included in the summer dining guide!, This weekend's gonna be a scorcher! Why not swing by for some A4 soft serve?, Today is the perfect day to break into our secret stash of lawn games!, Check out what we found at Brimfield last weekend!, Its almost the weekend! We have tickets to Kendall Square Cinema for $8.00 each, with a check average of $15 per guest!, Huge thanks to everyone who came to Boston Bites Back last night! We had an awesome time meeting you all. 

Swing by A4 anytime!, Boston Bites Back is only a few days away! We'll be serving a crispy pavé with ramp puree and pickled ramp remoulade. Grab a ticket today.

http://www.bostonbitesback.org/, Come spend Mother's Day with us this weekend! What better way to celebrate than with a glass of Rose wine on the patio?, Its almost the weekend! We have tickets to Kendall Square Cinema for $8.00 each, with a check average of $15 per guest!, We've expanded our collection of wine! Swing by and ask our bartenders about our Lambrusco and Rose offerings., Who caught A4 Truck at SoWa Open Market yesterday?, Visit A4 Truck today at SoWa Open Market!, Happy weekend! Who will be visiting A4 Truck at the first SoWa Open Market of the year on Sunday, May 5?, Its almost the weekend! We have tickets to Kendall Square Cinema for $8.00 each, with a check average of $15 per guest!, We're excited to be part of Boston Bites Back on Wednesday, May 15th at Fenway Park.

Join Chef Leviton and hundreds of Boston chefs to raise $1 million for The One Fund Boston!, Check out “What’s New” with A4 Truck on Chronicle on WCVB Channel 5!, We've got some exciting things coming your way! Stay tuned..., Tomorrow's going to be another beautiful day! Why not stop by the A4 Truck for breakfast at Dewey Square Plaza or Rowe's Wharf for lunch?, Its almost the weekend! We have tickets to Kendall Square Cinema for $8.00 each, with a check average of $15 per guest!, Happy National Pretzel Day! 

We're celebrating with bacon pretzel nuggets. Come and get 'em!, It's a beautiful spring day on the  patio. Come join us!, We think this dreary weather calls for a cappuccino and a pastry!, Happy Earth Day! If you're feeling especially green tonight, stop by Massachusetts Nature Conservancy's Future of Food event - Chef Michael will be speaking!, Goodmorning! We are open and can't wait to see you., We are closed until further notice. Please be safe, everyone., Today is the perfect day for flatbread and rosé on the A4 patio., Our thoughts are with everyone affected by yesterday's tragedy in Boston., TGIF! Who wants an Italian Babysitter?, Its almost the weekend! We have tickets to Kendall Square Cinema for $8.00 each, with a check average of $15 per guest!, Didn't have a chance to visit A4 Truck today? They'll be at Dewey Square Plaza tomorrow morning! Trust us, you want to order the cinnamon bun., Sorry folks, A4 Truck's out for repairs all day. If you can't live without a piadina swing by Area Four - we've got one on the menu!, A4 Truck is in the shop for a quick tune up! Check back tomorrow afternoon for an update., Stop by A4 Truck for a kickass A4 breakfast sammie at Dewey Square Plaza at Rose Fitzgerald Kennedy Greenway until 11AM, or come grab a salad for lunch at Rowes Wharf Plaza at High Street. See you there!, Wondering where A4 Truck is today? Snag homemade pastries and locally grown coffee at Dewey Sq. Plaza Rose Fitzgerald Kennedy Greenway until 11AM, then stop by Rowes Wharf Plaza for a BN Ranch grass-fed beef hot dog at lunch!, A4 Truck is out of food for the day! We'll see you tomorrow morning at Dewey Square Plaza on the Rose Fitzgerald Kennedy Greenway.

In the meantime, watch A4 Truck come to life in this sweet vid!, Piadini anyone? It’s A4 Truck’s first day on the road and we’ll be at the Rose Fitzgerald Kennedy Greenway for breakfast and lunch., A4 Truck hits the streets on Monday! Who's excited?, We've got the first look at the A4 Truck. We'll see you on the road in less than a week!, In honor of the second night of Passover, JewishBoston.com has the deets on how to make matzoh at home! Check out the vid of A4’s David and get cooking., We made it to round three of The Boston Globe's 2013 Munch Madness. We're battling Bondir Restaurant and need your vote!, A4 fans, we need your vote! We’re taking on Grill 23 & Bar in round 2 of The Boston Globe’s 2013 Munch Madness!, Don’t let the agricultural biotech industry continue to sell genetically engineered (GMO) seeds, even when a court of law has found they were approved by the USDA illegally! Help us put a stop to the dangerous Section 735 (aka the Monsanto Protection Act) and sign this petition., Get your brackets ready! We’re up against OTTO Pizza in round 1 of The Boston Globe’s 2013 Munch Madness. Vote today!, Passover’s coming early! We've got homemade matzoh fresh from the wood burning oven. Grab a box for $8, or swing by the café and snack on a single piece., Alright, A4 fans, it's official: we're taking it to the streets! 

The A4 Truck launches on April 1. Eater Boston has all the details., Before you head out for some green beer this St. Paddy’s Day, stop by for a Hot Mess. Eggs, home fries, bacon, sausage, caramelized onions, cheddar cheese & pickled banana pepper relish – yum!, Happy Pi Day! We've got assorted whoopie pies in the cafe today to help you celebrate. 

Grab a box o' whoopies for $6!, Today's weather has us ready for spring - bring on the patio seating and lawn games!, Check out sustainability expert Barton Seaver (our featured speaker from Sunday's Trash Fish dinner) in The Boston Globe today! He’ll be heading up the Healthy and Sustainable Food Program at Harvard’s School of Public Health., Thank you to everyone who attended the Chefs Collaborative Trash Fish dinner last night! Check out this post about our “trashy” evening., Sippin' on blizzard-inspired booze today at Area Four! Warm up with our Hot Toddies and Spiked Hot Chocolate., Chef Leviton explains the sustainable impact of this Sunday's Trash Fish Dinner at Area Four in The Boston Globe:, It's snowing cats and dogs out there! Take refuge from these massive flakes with a cup o' joe from the A4 cafe., On Friday, March 8 we'll be closing down the A4 Cafe at 3 PM. Heads up to those who'll need to plan an afternoon pick-me-up to-go!, Katie's St. Paddy's Day treats (It's March 1 after all!): Chocolate Cupcakes with Pistachio Cream, Some bad news and some good news...

Bad: Tickets for our 3/10 Trash Fish dinner with Chefs Collaborative are sold out.

Good: BUT, you can be first in line for available tickets by getting on the wait list!

Get on the list for a multi-course dinner with the best fish you've never tried. Tickets here:, Stay tuned, folks - Katie's whipping up a secret mid-day pastry for ya today... Hint: It's savory and we're big fans., FYI A4 brunch fans - We'll be closed for brunch on Saturday, March 2 for a private event, but fear not! We'll be back in action for dinner and drinks., Proud to be part of an awesome list of BostInno's 50 On Fire Dining & Retail finalists!, Heads up, folks! Tomorrow is... wait for it... National STICKY BUN DAY! Get over here bright and early for one of these pretty little things:, Chef Leviton's first contributed piece on The Huffington Post - Are Trash Fish the Answer? With deets on our 3/10 Trash Fish Dinner with Chefs Collaborative:

http://www.huffingtonpost.com/michael-leviton/trash-fish_b_2717900.html, Half of the tickets for our Trash Fish Dinner with Chefs Collaborative are already sold! Get yours here while you can:, Cast your vote in Eater Boston's Hottest Chefs for the beauty that is Pastry Chef Katie Kimble!, We like to think of ourselves as a one man band kinda spot (bar, brunch, bakery, pizzas...). Agree? Show some love with Boston Phoenix Best 2013 nominations here:, A hump day treat courtesy of Pastry Chef Katie Kimble: Gluten-Free Rosemary Orange Scones! New in the Cafe today., Valentine's Day lovers and haters alike can join us 2/14 for dueling prix fixe menus complete with a shareable app, small pizza, entrée and dessert. Reservations are filling quickly so call 617.758.4444 for yours!

A sneak peak at Chef Leviton's Drunken T-Rex Style Garlic Knots for the haters in the house (tomato, sausage, pepperoni, salami, bacon, mozzarella, fontina, roasted garlic and pickled pepper relish!):, This week only in the Area Four Cafe, we're serving Katie's Passion Fruit Macarons, a killer V-Day treat for the pastry lover in your life., Countdown is on for tonight's Pizza & Beer Pregame event with Backlash Beer Co.! We're pairing Famine brews with A4 Maple Bacon Gorgonzola Pizza with a broken farm egg and green onions. Just $10 at the door. Swing by from 6:30-8!, Getting pumped for tonight's Pizza & Beer Pregame event! Tonight we're partying to celebrate the launch of Backlash Beer Co.'s FAMINE brews (paired with hearth-cooked A4 pies, of course!). More info:, We're OPEN today, peeps! Nix the cabin fever and come by for brunch or dinner., Closed today due to the city's parking and public transportation bans. Stay safe and warm, folks!, Open 'til 2 PM today with tentative plans to be back in action tomorrow at noon. Come stock up on A4 goodies before Nemo hits!, U.S. fishery managers are considering legislation to reduce the amount of wild-caught domestic seafood allocated to American consumers. Sign this petition to support your right to healthy, U.S.-caught fish:, Looking forward to hosting a Trash Fish Dinner with Chefs Collaborative on March 10! Ger your tickets here to join us for wine and a feast of some lesser-known, sustainable catches: http://chefscollaborative.org/events/trash-fish-dinner/, How 'bout some vino (on tap, of course) to turn that Monday night frown upside-down?, No game-day feast is complete without some crazy desserts by pastry goddess Katie Kimble. Caramel Nut Corn and Five Layer Dip with Cookie Chips fit the bill if you ask us! Let the games begin!, Katie's whippin' up ice cream sundaes with PB ice cream, bacon, caramel and brownie bites... Get here if you know what's good for you!, Finally time to kick-off Super Bowl weekend (cheesy football pun intended)... Swing by A4 to watch the game with a feast of Nacho and Buffalo Chicken & Bacon pies, Red Curry Wings, Brown Bean-Hoisin Pork Ribs and more!, Its almost the weekend! We have tickets to Kendall Square Cinema for $8.00 each, with a check average of $15 per guest!, No sappy love songs at A4 this Valentine's Day... we've got dueling menu items for V-Day lovers and haters alike! Think Scallop Ceviche apps for the romantics and Drunken T. Rex-Style Garlic Knots for the cynics. 

You're welcome., A very happy National Croissant Day to you and yours! May we suggest a celebratory snack??, No plans for the big game? Swing by A4 for a Super Bowl party for the record books! We're serving up Nacho and Buffalo Chicken & Bacon Pizzas, Red Curry Chicken Wings, Brown Bean-Hoisin Pork Ribs and other similarly bomb-diggity treats., We like to think our menu and vibe cater to the (awesome) Tech Square community we feed every day. Check out Chef Leviton chatting about our 'hood in Improper Bostonian Magazine:, Its almost the weekend! We have tickets to Kendall Square Cinema for $8.00 each, with a check average of $15 per guest!, Taking a brief hiatus from Pizza & Beer Pregames next week, but they'll be back before you know it! Stay tuned for deets on the next Monday night occurrence (hint: the beer will be local and the pizza will be tasty)., Katie's drool-inducing English muffins on the griddle, Wondering WHY you should come to our Trash Fish Dinner 3/10? 

During the multi-course meal, you'll enjoy lesser-known Atlantic fish that typically fly under the radar, as prepared by renowned chefs from the Boston area, Rhode Island, and New Hampshire - plus a special guest chef from Charleston, South Carolina. You'll also hear from Barton Seaver - Sustainability Fellow in Residence at the New England Aquarium and National Geographic Society Fellow. More info and tickets here:, Our cure for post-Patriots game sorrows:, May we suggest some plans to start your weekend?, Its almost the weekend! We have tickets to Kendall Square Cinema for $8.00 each, with a check average of $15 per guest!, Check out Chef Leviton chatting up our hearth cooked eats in this morning's The Boston Globe! Viva la flame!!, We agree with Paul McMorrow... Kendall Square is where it's at! via The Boston Globe, T-minus 1 hour 'til we clink glasses of Downeast Cider House Original Blend & nosh on slices of Mascarpone, Pancetta & Roasted Local Potato pie. Swing by and join us from 6:30-8!, Mondays suck and we're on a quest to change that the best way we know how - with pizza and beer! Tomorrow night from 6:30-8 in the Cafe we're rolling out Mascarpone-based Pancetta and Roasted Local Potato pies paired with fresh brews from Downeast Cider House. Ten bucks at the door gets you a pint of the cider and slices of A4 pizza. 

You can thank us later..., Getting ready to host a Trash Fish Dinner 3/10 with Chefs Collaborative & the best NE seafood you’ve never tasted (seriously!). Tickets here: http://chefscollaborative.org/events/, Katie Kimble's killer Pistachio Cookies in the Cafe today. Snag one while you can!, Beautiful night for some skating in Kendall Square! Plus we have your back when hunger kicks in..., Proud to be dubbed "essential" thanks to Eater Boston!, Who's joining us next Monday for Downeast Cider House pours and A4 Mascarpone, House-Cured Pancetta & Roasted Local Potato pie?? Just $10 a pop at the door from 6:30 to 8 in the Cafe!, null, Chins up, people! This time next Monday we'll be clinking glasses from Downeast Cider House with slices of Mascarpone, House-Cured Pancetta & Roasted Local Potato pie., Its almost the weekend! We have tickets to Kendall Square Cinema for $8.00 each, with a check average of $15 per guest!, Pizza & beer fans - have no fear! Our Monday night events with local beer & A4 pies are back on 1/14 with cider from Downeast Cider House., Closed for a private event tonight - sorry, folks! See you in the morning for one of these babies:, We're excited to be serving up goodies at Jumpstart Young Professionals Board (Boston)’s Gatsby Gala fundraiser on Saturday, January 26 at Space with a Soul —don’t miss the party! Tickets start at $75 at jumpstartgatsbygala.eventbrite.com. All proceeds benefit JumpStart, an awesome cause and the nation’s leading early education organization., Forget about planning for New Year's Eve! We've got you covered with New Year's Day brunch to help ease your first hangover of the New Year. 

Come in from 11 AM to 4 PM for pitchers of Bloodies and Mimosa Kits (aka a bottle of prosecco and a pitcher of OJ - you're welcome.) and our signature Hot Mess, French Toast, Breakfast Pizza and tons of bacon., Merry Christmas to all! We're closed for the day to celebrate. Back in action bright and early tomorrow!, Happy Holidays from the A4 crew! We're open for lunch until 4 today + keeping the bar up and running 'til 5., Its almost the weekend! We have tickets to Kendall Square Cinema for $8.00 each, with a check average of $15 per guest!, We're closed for a private event tonight but back in action tomorrow AM! See y'all bright and early for some of this:, So your NYE plans are set, but what about plans to nurse your first hangover of 2013? 

We've got you covered with pitchers of Bloody Marys & Mimosa Kits (a pitcher of OJ + a bottle of Prosecco), plus our usual headache cures - Hot Mess, Breakfast Pizza, French Toast and lots of bacon., Is there any better way to start off a Wednesday morning than with one of these babies? We think not., Coffee lover in your life? We've got your last-minute holiday gift covered: Clever Dripper, filters and French roast for $34 ($5 savings)! You can thank us later..., Countdown to our Pizza & Beer Pregame with Backlash Beer Co. is on! $10 at the door for slices of Umami pizza & pints of War starting at 6:30!, Who's joining us on Monday night!? No better way to pregame if you ask us..., We've got the key to your laid back Friday night right here... discounted movie tickets in Kendall Square for a post-meal flick! via Zagat Survey, Love carbonara? How about on a pizza? We've got it on our new Carbonara pie., null, Happy Hanukkah from our kitchen to yours! We're celebrating with Katie's Sufganiyot filled with housemade jams, available in the Cafe daily (until they're sold out!) through 12/16. A couple things to know before you buy yours: 

-To purchase more than six at a time, call A4 before 3 PM and place your order 36 hours in advance.
-Housemade fillings are at the discretion of the chef and may include cranberry, blueberry, raspberry, strawberry and apple butter., Kick of your Saturday night with $1 oysters at A4! Available from 4 to 6 PM., Its almost the weekend! We have tickets to Kendall Square Cinema for $8.00 each, with a check average of $15 per guest!, Time to stock up for the holidays and start making spirits bright with Katie's holiday cookie boxes, available now at Area Four!, 'Tis the season for ice skating in Kendall - the community rink opens today! What better way to warm up than a pre-skating drink at A4?, Ever wanted to take over Area Four? Now's your chance to take over the restaurant AND the "cool friend" title amongst your pals with these New Year's Eve plans:, Who's joining us tonight?? Pizza & Portico Brewing Company beer from 6:30-8 in the A4 Cafe! Just $10 a pop at the door., Fact: Best cure for a case of the Mondays = pizza and craft beer at Area Four. Join us Monday, 12/3 for Portico Brewing Company brews and A4 breakfast pies., null, This New Year’s Eve, ditch the overpriced bottle service or lame “dressed up” house party and take over Area Four! We’re shutting down so you can reserve our space for a group of 1 to 150. You choose the music (bring your own iPod!), the guest list and of course the menu.
 
Chef Leviton offers 3 menu options:
1. Pizza party – Your personal selection of Area Four’s signature pizzas, salads and soft-serve. $60/person.
2. Multi-course buffet – An assortment off Area Four’s menu of salads, starters, pizza and entrees, $75/person.
3. Whole animal feast – You choose the animal – pig, lamb, striped bass, and more – and Area Four will cook it with assorted seasonal sides, $85/person.
 
*Prices include beer & wine, exclude tax & gratuity. Food & beverage minimum is $4500 (plus tax & gratuity).
 
Time is limited to lock this down! Please direct all inquiries and interest to info@areafour.com before December 7., Kicking off Hanukkah with Katie's Sufganiyot, available starting Saturday, 12/8! Never heard of it? Boston Magazine has your vocab lesson:, If you have yet to try one of these little beauties, get to A4 and snag one of Katie's Pumpkin Cheesecake Danishes! This is what autumn dreams are made of:, Honored to receive a nod from Zagat Survey's 2012 Boston Guide for Plates with Pedigree & distinction as a Key Newcomer in Kendall Square!, In honor of Turkey Day, we're giving thanks to our loyal Facebook friends and fans! 

In case you haven't heard, Facebook is revamping their business pages. Here’s what you need to do to stay in the know about us (and all your fave pages):

1) Go to the Area Four page
2) Click the gear symbol next to the "Message" button
3) Clock on "Add to Interest Lists", Time to give thanks! Today we're thankful for the AMAZINGNESS that is Katie's Pumpkin Cream Cheese Danishes., Who's joining us for Jack's Abby Brewing pints and A4 slices tonight? Zagat Survey has the details on tonight's pregame event: 

http://blog.zagat.com/2012/11/monday-night-football-eats-and-brews.html, Serving Sunday night dinner during our new hours for the first time tonight! Come join us for A4 pizza and more until 9 PM!, Its almost the weekend! We have tickets to Kendall Square Cinema for $8.00 each, with a check average of $15 per guest!, Who's joining us for Jack's Abby Brewing pints and A4 Pecorino & Egg Sauce pies Monday night? $10 at the door from 6:30 to 8!, Hot dog cart is open for business, serving all grass-fed beef dogs until 2:30!, Big news folks: A4 Brussels Sprout Salad is BACK!, It's getting close to our favorite time of the week again! We're pouring pints of Jack's Abby Brewing's Fire in the Ham beer, paired with a baller Pecorino & Egg Sauce pie on 11/19. Just $10 a head at the door!, null, Some serious kudos are in order for our own Katie Kimble, who took home one of Zagat Survey's 30 Under 30 awards last night!!, Katie whipped up her own version of Indian Pudding in honor of National Indian Pudding Day! It's available in all its glory tonight., Getting pumped for our new Sunday night dinner service, starting this weekend! Grub Street Boston has the scoop:, The A4 ice cream machine is back up and running TODAY!, Starting 11/18!, Boston folks - Come to A4 for all your Turkey Day dining needs! We have BN Ranch birds and Katie Kimble's spiced pumpkin pies available for pre-order! Stop by or call 617-758-4444 for more info., DigBoston digs pizza & craft beer combos... including our MNF Pizza & Beer Pregames with the likes of Backlash Beer Co., Jack's Abby Brewing, Portico Brewing Company and Idle Hands Brewing!, Things are getting tight, people! Vote for us for Eater Boston's Restaurant of The Year!, Vote for us!! Cast your vote for Eater Boston's Restaurant of The Year Award - a refreshing turn of events on Election Day!, A little warmth for time spent standing in the poll lines?, Getting psyched for tonight's Pizza & Beer Pregame event with Idle Hands Brewing! $10 from 6:30-8 in the A4 Cafe for Pandora Ale and Banh Mi pie. More info via Boston.com:, Thanks for the shout-out Rundown Boston! Deets on 11/5 MNF Pizza & Beer Pregame: (Idle Hands Brewing + banh mi pies = a great time), Check out our Monday Night Football Pizza & Beer Pregame in today's Thrillist Boston newsletter! Just $10 at the door this Monday night from 6:30-8!, Starting November 18, we'll be open for dinner on Sundays! More details coming soon..., Our next Monday Night Football pre-kick off feast is 11/5 from 6:30-8 in the A4 Cafe! $10 for ample pours of Idle Hands' Pandora Ale and slices of Area Four Banh Mi Pizza, made especially for pairing., null, Boston magazine announced this year's 50 Best Restaurants, and we're excited to have made the 2012 list!, Sorry, folks! Area Four will be closed today due to Sandy's crazy antics., Get 'em while they're hot! Five large loaves of Katie's housemade challah available for $10.00 a piece in the A4 cafe. A perfect early challah-ween treat!, We have discounted tickets to Kendall Square Cinema! Come into A4 for a bite to eat and walk over to the theater to catch a movie for $8 each!, Thanks for checking out the A4 hot dog truck, The Suffolk Voice!, Still serving quality all grass-fed beef dogs from BN Ranch at our hot dog cart, but now at a lower price! $3.25 each or two for $6.00 with some of our killer toppings., The Sun's Fabulous Mag thinks we're artsy (not to mention a spot to check out in MA) and we dig it!, Happy National Nut Day! If you needed an excuse to dig into one of Pastry Chef Katie Kimble's pecan sticky buns, look no further..., We like to think of ourselves as the one man band of Boston's dining scene... Glad to see Boston University TasteBUds gets us!, Start your Friday off right with one of these little beauties:, It's that time again! We're prepping for another Monday Night Football Pre-Game on October 22. Nosh on Roasted Butternut Squash, Caramelized Onion and Bacon Pizza, paired with Slumbrew Trekker Triple pours. Just $10 at the door from 6:30-8 in the A4 cafe!, null, Psyched to be dubbed the "Perfect College Eatery" by Her Campus Tufts! They have the scoop on our student specials (read: hot dogs, pizza and beer on the cheap):, Calling all local students - Come in for a pint of beer & a small A4 margherita pizza tonight for $12 at the bar with student ID!, Rise and shine! (We can help...), Roll in to A4 for some dinner and grab discounted tickets ($8!) to Kendall Square Cinema for a post-meal flick!, Her Campus Emerson has the details on our back to school specials for college students. We're talkin' Hangover Brunch, $1 oysters, grass-fed beef hot dogs, pizzas to-go and more., It's National Sausage Pizza Day! (Was this holiday made for us or what?) Celebrate with A4 Sausage & Banana Pepper or Carnivore pies!, Students - $10 off two large A4 pizzas to-go when you show your student ID! Makes for great pre-study fuel or post-study reward., Best possible Monday night Football pre-game = A4 Bacon & Clam pies & Backlash Conquest IPA. No doubt about it., Don't forget - $10 at the door tonight for Bacon & Clam pizzas & Conquest White Belgian IPA! In the A4 cafe from 6:30-8., Perfect day for the A4 Country Club! Lawn games are yours to borrow (and pair well with our BN Ranch hot dogs!), How about some housemade A4 mozz to celebrate National American Cheese month??, TGIWednesday! Students - Come get Pizza & a Pint for $12 at the A4 bar tonight. Study sesh pregame, anyone?, Chef Leviton is making Area Four proud at the Chefs Collaborative National Summit in Seattle this week! 

From his welcome speech this morning: "Our goal is to reform the food system to provide delicious sustainable food for everyone.", Its almost the weekend! We have tickets to Kendall Square Cinema for $8.00 each, with a check average of $15 per guest!, Check out A4 bartender Rob Macey on Serious Eats! His favorite Boston drinking destinations:, We're bringing back the best way to pregame for Monday night kick-off: local pours and housemade pies every other Monday night for $10 in the A4 cafe! Next up on 10/8 - Conquest White IPA brews from Backlash Beer Company, and the pizza that loves them!, null, Speaking of dogs... check out ours on Thrillist:, Happy National Dog Week! Come by at lunch for our kind of dogs: the hot kind made from grass-fed BN Ranch beef & topped w housemade pickled banana peppers, roasted red pepper and jalapeno-pineapple relishes. And bring your pooch, while you're at it!, Who's joining us tonight? Ten bucks at the door for slices of A4 pie & Smuttynose Brewing Co. Old Brown Dog Ale pours:, Its almost the weekend! We have tickets to Kendall Square Cinema for $8.00 each, with a check average of $15 per guest!, Zagat Survey calls our $12 pies & pints deal one of Boston's best off-the-radar steals. We call it the buddy system:, Come to Area Four on Monday, 9/24 for Old Brown Dog brews by Smuttynose Brewing Co. & specially paired A4 pizza pies!, null, Its almost the weekend! We have tickets to Kendall Square Cinema for $8.00 each, with a check average of $15 per guest!, Calling all Massachusetts Institute of Technology (MIT) Harvard University Berklee College of Music foodies (& anyone else looking for a part-time gig!)! We're hiring peeps to staff the Area Four hot dog cart. Want to serve grass-fed 'dogs at A4? Message us for details!, Sorry. Area Four Closed Today due to Parade Traffic.  We Are Selling 100% Grassfed All-Beef Hot Dogs Out Front Though!, If this hipster bicycling dog doesn't make you want an A4 frank, we don't know what will, Dishin out 'dogs from the Area Four hot dog cart from 11:30-2:30! $4 a pop with A4 toppings like pickled banana pepper relish & jalapeno-pineapple relish., IMPORTANT ANNOUNCEMENT: 

We are now closing at 1:00 AM on Thursday, Friday and Saturday., And a shot of tonight's pizza with Jaime for good luck, PHOTO TIME! Local Goat Sausage from Frisell Farms, A4 Tomato Sauce, Feta, Arugula & Chip-In Farm egg, Thursday night amazingness = Goat Sausage Pizza at Area Four: Our Local Goat Sausage from Frisell Farms, A4 Tomato Sauce, Feta, Arugula & Chip-In Farm egg!, Local vs. organic vs. sustainable -- what's important? Chef Michael Leviton weights in on WGBH's Greater Boston with Emily Rooney, Corby Kummer and David Warner., Check out our Hot Mess (breakfast, that is) in this morning's Boston Herald!, Hot dog cart is in full effect this week - Monday thru Friday from 11:30am to 2:30pm. Come get your all beef dog for $4!!!, Soft serve!, Check out our breakfast sandwich in Serious Eats' guide to student dining near Harvard University and Massachusetts Institute of Technology (MIT)!, Our discounted movie tix made it onto Eater Boston! Swing by and pick some up at A4 before a flick - only 8 bucks!, Bocce anyone? Beautiful night for some lawn games at Area Four! Deets here:, Soft serve cart on the sidewalk today at 2:30pm. Come by for a cone!!! cc @klkimble, Looking for end-of-the-summer cocktail ideas? How's about a Plumpkin? 

via Serious Eats, We're hiring! Assistant manager, hosts and servers needed! Email Meredith@areafour.com if you're interested in joining our awesome staff., Donkey Show cocktail tonight, Hot Mess for brunch tomorrow morning? Sounds like a quality weekend to us!, Check out Chef ML serving up hot dogs & bomb toppings on the lawn outside Area Four. Come by before 8 to grab one for yourself!, Our hot dog cart is making its big debut outside the restaurant at 5! Best way to prolong the fall is with dogs and lawn games., Metro Boston has the deets on our Country Club festivities. Come by for some lawn games and a Donkey Show (tequila, grapefruit and Campari = lots of kick)., Have you tried our trio of spreads? The Boston Globe Magazine calls them "fabulous" and we're not going to argue that., Looking for cold-brew coffee? Eater Boston has the lowdown on all of Boston/Cambridge's top spots to take you through the end of summer., Three courses / $45 / lumiere the restaurant

Lumière Restaurant Month, a three-course prix fixe ($45/person) offered throughout the month of August that showcases the incredible bounty of local and sustainable ingredients we are so fortunate to have this time of year. 

Check out the link below to see the entire menu., Area Four <3's Healthy Happy Cows!! And So Should You!! Click on the link below to see how Chef Leviton proves his theories, and see why Area Four and Lumiere are searing and serving up the best beef in Boston!, Toasted Coconut Almond and Salted Caramel ice cream available today right outside our front door. 2:30-5. Maybe a twist is a good idea today., Come on down to Area Four tonight and have some of our delicious Wellfleet Oysters. It'll get cha in the mood..... to watch the olympics. U.S.A...U.S.A...U.S.A!!!, Outdoor ice cream starts at 2:30... today's flavors???.... the best twist ever!!!! Peanut Butter and Salted Caramel.  Come on down and get some... only four dollars a dish or cone!!! Free Sprinkles and Jimmies, Check us out brah! http://thephoenix.com/Boston/food/142239-aint-no-cure-for-the-summertime-brews/, Starting at 2:30, we will be selling our delicious salted caramel and chocolate soft serve right outside our door. $4.00 for a dish or a cone. Jimmies and Sprinkles complimentary.  =), This week we have a few new beer additions,... Just tapped, Viva Habanera by Night Shift. Raw Ale with Agave Necter and Raw Habaneros added. And soon to come is Idle Hands' Pandora... a well hopped Belgian Pale Ale. We are honored to be one of a handful of bars to have this fine product on draft. Come in soon and give them a try!, http://bostoncommon-magazine.com/channels/home-page/insights/the-country-club-at-area-four, YAY!!!!!! We just got some great news!!! We just won “Best Neighborhood Eats: Kendall Square” in Boston Mags. Best Of Boston. Thank you for the honor Boston Mag. Ur Nice...Also in the annual Stuff Magazine “Hot 100” issue, Area Four lands two awards- one for fin-to-tail dining (with mention of A4’s “whole beast” offerings and the salt-baked halibut), and a second for the lawn games program this summer.Yay!!!  Come on down to celebrate with us and partake in our Oyster Special tonight. Yay!!!, In the annual Stuffs “Hot 100” issue, Area Four lands two awards- one for fin-to-tail dining (with mention of A4’s “whole beast” offerings and the salt-baked halibut), and a second for the lawn games program this summer., Yet another Monday, and yet another chance to to do it up right by coming down to Area Four for some delicious food and fantastic drinks. Get Here!!!, Happy Olympics!!! Come on down to Area Four to support the Americans by getting a very American Meatloaf Burger and a Pint!! Yay Gold!!!!, A Special Request from Michael Krupp and Area Four http://conta.cc/LVT2m4, Hello friends of AREA FOUR. Happy Wednesday. Come check out our menu changes.... you will LOVE them... p.s. adult beverages on hump day... make for a great hump night., Oh hey Tuesday.. welcome back.  Tonight's the night to get down to Area Four. A few menu changes are gonna make your trip here well worth it. Two highlights,. the Thai Squid Salad and the Summer Zucchini dish.. YUMTASTIC!!!  Come get some!, ewwww...Monday. The Dumbest day of the week!  How do you overcome such a lousy day???  PIZZA PIE!!  And if your coming in tonight, try the NEW Chicken.  It will blow your socks off... especially if you add bacon... you know what.. just add the bacon!, It is dark, loud and scary looking out right now... good thing we have a killer roof.  Come on down the A4 to stay dry, eat some delicious food, and drink a fantastic drink., EWWWWW!!!! What a hot, disgustingly muggy Tuesday.  Come on down to Area Four where you get free air conditioned air with every in house purchase. Not available with take out., Happy Monday Kids!!!  Do you know what the perfect cure for a long, tired, sweaty Monday is?  A nice glass of Sangria and a Kitchen Sink salad over at the ol' AREA FOUR.  Or perhaps a Margarita!!!  Maybe both?, Area Four is closed tonight (Sat nite) for a private party... however... tomorrow morning at 10:30, starts our fantastic brunch!!!!. Come on in for a killer Bloody and some tasty treats! Happy Bastille Day!, Don't let your Friday the 13th be an unlucky one!!!!  Get on down to Area Four for a pint and a pie!  These 2 things will ensure Jason Voorhees will stay away from you., Come on down to Area Four tonight for some refreshing drinks... like our new "Knockin on Deaths Door".. a delicious blend of Deaths Door White Whisky, A4's house made cherry/ strawberry juice, lime, black walnut bitters and a spritz of mezcal!!!!  YUMTASTIC!!!!, Go visit our lovely Pastry Chef Katie Kimble... she is down there showin' off her sticky buns & and other baked goods at the farmers market at 500 Kendall Street, Cambridge until 2pm!! Then come cool off at Area Four with some Sweet Cream or Mixed Berry Sherbet homemade w/ <3 soft serve!, Outdoor house made ice cream from 11:30-2:30. Come meet celebrity owner Michael Krupp, as his pulls you some of his famous soft serve., YOOOOOOO!!!!!  A4 will be serving our housemade soft serve from 11:30-2:30.  Swing by for a cone or what I like to call ... a "mouth happy", Area Four, voted best looking couple, class of 1387., Holy Moly its muggy as H.E. Double hockey sticks out there!!! Get in here for some sweet a.c., some tasty dranks, delicious food, and some AMAZING peanut butter/ mixed berry ice cream. MOUTH HAPPYS!!!!!, Like sockeye salmon? Show your support for the Bristol Bay AK community this Wednesday at lumiere the restaurant - five delicious courses featuring wild sockeye salmon!, Holy Moly!!!!! The Meatloaf Cheeseburger is BACK!!!!  Come on down and make your mouth happy!!!, ITS BACK..... MEATBALL PIZZA!!!!  COME GET YOUR YUM ON WITH A DELICIOUS TREAT FOR YOUR MOUTH!!! What a perfect way to start the weekend!!!, Ladies and Gentlemen, the 4th is over... come on down and let us fix that hang-over that is killing you today. Pizza and a pint sounds perfect.... GET HERE!, Hmmmm. What to do on the July 3rd??? Here's an idea,.. pregame the 4th at Area Four!!  Get that July 5th hangover outta the way a day early. Also, our special today is garlic knots supreme... for your mouth... so... yah!!, I love Saturdays!!! Why??? Dollar oysters from 4-6 at Area Four!!!!  YAY!!!!!!!!!, Hello to all the Friends of Area Four!!!! Tonight... GARLIC KNOTS SUPREME!!!! D.J. Rob Macey and M.C. Gawlik spinning dranks all night.  Come enjoy a night of delicious food, tasty drinks, and that love, you have been longing for.  Smootches!, Area Four is now offering movie tickets to Kendall Square Cinema for $8.00 per guest, with a check average of $15 per guest!, Have you seen the size of our garlic knots supreme?!, Cornhole!, Line-caught halibut from Machiasport, Maine. Getting prepped for a salt baked extravaganza!!, We hope Cassandra's food/drink coma has worn off by now... check out this recap of our one-year anniversary party! cc Boston Phoenix, Pick up a copy of Improper Bostonian Magazine and check out pastry chef Katie Kimble's hand pies!, We're posting pics from our anniversary party. Share yours!, Area Four, Our pastry chef Katie Kimble demonstrates how to cook rhubarb-apple hand pies on 7NEWS - WHDH, Want to cook like Michael Leviton at home? He shares his top 10 tips in today's The Boston Globe., Jeff Pond working on a 27-lb halibut for tonight - it'll soon be salt baked halibut gyros!, And for those who ask nicely: We can special order larger cuts of beef from BN Ranch for the next couple of months. Want to do a whole ribeye for 20 friends? You know where to go!, If there's ever a time to kick that vegetarian habit, NOW IS THE TIME. 

Starting next week, we will be serving BN Ranch beef from California. We'll be doing a smoked roast beef sandwich at Area Four and bavette steaks and bone-in, double-cut rib-eyes at lumiere the restaurant. Oh, and we'll slip a little tongue in there too via some special treats at both restaurants.

Thanks to Chef Michael Leviton's friendship with rancher Bill Niman, Area Four and Lumiere are the only restaurants in Boston to carry BN Ranch. The only other chef to carry BN Ranch this summer is Dan Barber of Blue Hill and Blue Hill at Stone Barn.

YOU DO NOT WANT TO MISS THIS.

About BN Ranch: For a few months every year, BN Ranch offers fresh, totally grass grown and finished beef. The beef is unlike anything else on the market - it's raised naturally, harvested at peak time (mature beef provides unique richness, flavor and texture), raised in harmony with the seasons and raised with care. Read more in the NY Times article below., Want to cook breakfast like we do at home? Check out the June issue of Esquire for a breakfast burrito recipe from Chef Michael Leviton!, Today's homemade soft serve flavors: local honey and vanilla. Twist them together or enjoy solo - up to you!, Go behind-the-scenes of our lunch service with Boston Magazine's RUSH HOUR! , The Hot Mess makes its GQ debut!, Check out pg. 74!, null, Pick up the June issue of GQ Magazine and turn to pg. 74! If you haven't tried the Hot Mess, you better this weekend!, 40 miles of new trails!, Friday, May 25, 2012, May 24, 2012, for a private event tonight... (and to act as a reminder that we're closed and this is what you're missing out on...), Friday, May 25, 2012, CLOSED THIS MONDAY FOR MEMORIAL DAY. 

Get your fix this weekend during Saturday and Sunday Brunch!, Mobile pizza trucks are apparently a thing - with 5,000-pound wood-burning ovens and 20-foot-long kitchens. Whoa. via Tasting Table, LISTEN UP: We will be closed this Friday night for a private party. Come visit us on Saturday morning and we'll cheer you up with one of these., "This mac 'n cheese is so good!!!" --Autumn, age 5, A new video series from PBS: The Lexicon of Sustainability
, WOW - THANK YOU TO EVERYONE WHO VOTED!

BEST PIZZA IN BOSTON!!!

Eater Boston, Please vote - polls are almost closed!, Almost 1,000 total votes for the final round of Eater Boston's Best Pizza in Boston - whoa. We're still in the running - so vote! , The polls are still open -- vote for us! , Tonight's Pizza: BBQ beef tongue and aged cheddar, topped with a salad of local arugula, spring onions, pickled peppers and ramps dressed in Frank's Red Hot.* 

And to celebrate the Groundswell launch from Backlash Beer Co. -- we're using spent grain from Backlash in the pizza dough!

*Yup, we put that shit on everything., Jeff Pond wouldn't give his sourdough starter to just anyone... Check out the humble beginnings of our pizzas on Eater Boston! , We've updated our cover photo in honor of Eater Boston's Pizza Week!, We are nominated for Best Pizza by Eater Boston. Take a minute and show your support!, On the docket for tonight --, Help us launch Groundswell from Backlash Beer Co. this Wednesday from 6 to 9pm!, Wednesday from 6 to 9 PM, we'll be launching Groundswell, a new blonde Belgian-style ale from local Backlash Beer Co. Come celebrate with complimentary pizza for all!, Wednesday from 6 to 9 PM, we'll be launching Groundswell, a new blonde Belgian-style ale from local Backlash Beer Co. Come celebrate with complimentary pizza for all!, Wednesday from 6 to 9 PM, we'll be launching Groundswell, a new blonde Belgian-style ale from local Backlash Beer Co. Come celebrate with complimentary pizza for all!, Wednesday from 6 to 9 PM, we'll be launching Groundswell, a new blonde Belgian-style ale from local Backlash Beer Co. Come celebrate with complimentary pizza for all!, Wednesday from 6 to 9 PM, we'll be launching Groundswell, a new blonde Belgian-style ale from local Backlash Beer Co. Come celebrate with complimentary pizza for all!, Wednesday from 6 to 9 PM, we'll be launching Groundswell, a new blonde Belgian-style ale from local Backlash Beer Co. Come celebrate with complimentary pizza for all!, Tonight starting at 6pm!, ON THE MENU FOR THE Pretty Things Beer & Ale Project FIELD MOUSE'S FAREWELL LAUNCH PARTY THIS MONDAY: 

Clam and House Pancetta pizza with clams steamed in Field Mouse's Farewell. Served with a salad of arugula, peas and pickled ramps..., ON THE MENU FOR THE Pretty Things Beer & Ale Project FIELD MOUSE'S FAREWELL LAUNCH PARTY THIS MONDAY: 

Clam and House Pancetta pizza with clams steamed in Field Mouse's Farewell. Served with a salad of arugula, peas and pickled ramps..., ON THE MENU FOR THE Pretty Things Beer & Ale Project FIELD MOUSE'S FAREWELL LAUNCH PARTY THIS MONDAY: 

Clam and House Pancetta pizza with clams steamed in Field Mouse's Farewell. Served with a salad of arugula, peas and pickled ramps..., ON THE MENU FOR THE Pretty Things Beer & Ale Project FIELD MOUSE'S FAREWELL LAUNCH PARTY THIS MONDAY: 

Clam and House Pancetta pizza with clams steamed in Field Mouse's Farewell. Served with a salad of arugula, peas and pickled ramps..., ON THE MENU FOR THE Pretty Things Beer & Ale Project's FIELD MOUSE'S FAREWELL LAUNCH PARTY THIS MONDAY: 

Clam and House Pancetta pizza with clams steamed in Field Mouse's Farewell. Served with a salad of arugula, peas and pickled ramps..., ON THE MENU FOR THE Pretty Things Beer & Ale Project's FIELD MOUSE'S FAREWELL LAUNCH PARTY THIS MONDAY: 

Clam and House Pancetta pizza with clams steamed in Field Mouse's Farewell. Served with a salad of arugula, peas and pickled ramps..., ON THE MENU FOR THE Pretty Things Beer & Ale Project's FIELD MOUSE'S FAREWELL LAUNCH PARTY THIS MONDAY: 

Clam and House Pancetta pizza with clams steamed in Field Mouse's Farewell. Served with a salad of arugula, peas and pickled ramps..., ON THE MENU FOR THE Pretty Things Beer & Ale Project's FIELD MOUSE'S FAREWELL LAUNCH PARTY THIS MONDAY: 

Clam and House Pancetta pizza with clams steamed in Field Mouse's Farewell. Served with a salad of arugula, peas and pickled ramps..., ON THE MENU FOR THE Pretty Things Beer & Ale Project's FIELD MOUSE'S FAREWELL LAUNCH PARTY THIS MONDAY: 

Clam and House Pancetta pizza with clams steamed in Field Mouse's Farewell. Served with a salad of arugula, peas and pickled ramps..., ON THE MENU FOR THE Pretty Things Beer & Ale Project's  We are going to do a Clam and House Pancetta pizza.  The clams will be steamed in Field Mouse's Farewell, and the sauce will use the steaming juices, as well as Field Mouses Farewell, Onions and more.  The pizza will be served with a salad of arugula, peas and pickled ramps. , ON THE MENU FOR THE Pretty Things Beer & Ale Project's  We are going to do a Clam and House Pancetta pizza.  The clams will be steamed in Field Mouse's Farewell, and the sauce will use the steaming juices, as well as Field Mouses Farewell, Onions and more.  The pizza will be served with a salad of arugula, peas and pickled ramps. , null, Bacon & Sea Salt Pretzel Nugz with Pimento Cheese Dip make the cut!, null, null, Breaking News: May is National Egg Month. Celebrate all 31 days this month with one of these!, Unlike Dunkin's, our bagels are REALLY artisan - handmade by our pastry chef Katie Kimble every morning. Ask to have yours toasted in one of our wood-fired ovens!, More local blogging love for our weekend brunch... If you haven't tried it yet, what are you waiting for?!, Pastry Chef Katie Kimble making rhubarb-apple hand pies for Channel 7's The Dish!, Happy National Picnic Day! (Don't mind the rain.) What would be in your dream picnic basket? via Food & Wine, We love this recap of our weekend brunch - great pics too! http://acambridgestory.com/post/21639585664/area-four-brunch, Check out the menu for lumiere the restaurant's Earth Day dinner this Sunday -- everything is made/raised/roasted/caught/brewed/distilled in New England! Go Local!, Anybody spy us in the May issue of National Geographic Traveler? Check it out below! We're in good company with East by Northeast, Flour Bakery+Cafe, Toscanini's, Craigie On Main, Clover and more!, lumiere the restaurant celebrates Earth Day next Sunday - check out the menu below. Every single ingredient (down the the salt & pepper!) comes from New England... beer/wine/spirits too!, HELLO NEW HOMEMADE CANDY BAR - red velvet base, almond nougat, caramel, chocolate coated, We are So. Punk. Rock., Making the case for a sustainable fish market in NYC. Great op-ed in today's The New York Times, Thai Squid Salad - just in time for spring., null, null, Chefs - sign to stand with the people of the Gulf, KIDS TAKE OVER AREA FOUR

Last night's Chronicle on WCVB Channel 5 was all about a make-your-own pizza & ice cream sundae party for kids at A4. 

PS - Don't tell Krupp's rabbi about the bacon sundae.

cc lumiere the restaurant , Passover starts next Friday... get ready with our very own matzo. Available by request at Area Four and lumiere the restaurant starting next week, our first go at oven-fired matzo for passover - available by request starting next week, So hairnets have been pretty big around A4 this week..., Don't you wish you were 7 years old?, null, Anybody out there have kids? Maybe nieces or nephews? If so, you'll want to tune into WCVB Channel 5 Boston tonight to watch our kid's pizza party on Chronicle., null, null, testing a few new dishes for spring - black sea bass, fresh fava beans..., Seder at lumiere the restaurant!, Still living the anti-Restaurant Week life here... come by!, Make up an excuse - any will do - and leave work NOW. Our patio is OPEN and it's too nice to not be here!, Last day to vote AREA FOUR Munch Madness!!!, HUNGRY FOR LOCAL STRIPED BASS THIS SUMMER? Well, you're in luck. Read on for more information about a proposal to ban commercial fishing of striped bass in MA that was shot down yesterday....

Local striped bass - one of the joys of summer in Massachusetts - is no longer in danger, thanks to the hard work and testimony of commercial fishermen and the Chefs Collaborative during a hearing at the State House last month.

Yesterday, a proposal to ban the harvest and sale of striped bass in Massachusetts was shelved by the Joint Committee on Environment, Natural Resources, and Agriculture.

Good news for chefs' summer meal planning; great news for commercial fishermen of Massachusetts!, GAME ON: The Boston Globe's annual Munch Madness tourney begins today! Vote for Area Four today or tomorrow and help us move on to the next round. It's life or death! , ESCAPE FROM THE RESTAURANT WEEK CROWDS!

Area Four, where you can get a shaved Brussels sprouts salad, homemade mozzarella & tomato pizza and homemade soft serve sundae for under $30 365 days/year

NO NEED FOR A PRIX FIXE UP IN HERE., null, Some food for thought... could deer meat be a more ethical choice than a soy burger?, Whole Roasted Striped Bass

Served gyro-style in a wood-fired homemade pita with arugula, roasted tomatoes, red onion, green olive and tzatziki, Bristol Bay is a pristine ecosystem in Alaska responsible for the most productive wild sockeye salmon fishery in the world - creating 12,000 jobs in Alaska and a$350 million industry dependent upon it. Right now, the Bay is under threat from 10 billion tons of potential toxic waste from Pebble Mine. The world's richest sockeye salmon supply is at risk - as are the Native American and local communities that rely on the salmon industry for survival. Take action now by reading up at the link below, raising your awareness and signing a petition to the EPA to stop Pebble Mine.

Stay tuned for events at Area Four and lumiere the restaurant this summer (late June to mid-July -- the sockeye salmon run) to help the cause.

cc Chefs Collaborative, We're getting into the candy bar business: Toasted Coconut, Hazelnut, Caramel, Chocolate Chip Cookie, Hand-Dipped in Chocolate with Sea Salt. YUM!, Who's in the mood for a Hot Mess this weekend?, "[Local fishermen] are doing the right thing, and if we don’t support them, the only people who will be left doing the fishing will be doing the wrong thing." - Michael Leviton, in an interview with StarChefs.com, How does our chef Michael Leviton feel about sustainable seafood? Read up in today's The Boston Globe, Amazingly beautiful outtakes from photographer Michael Piazza's shoot for Boston Magazine - check them out., Wow. Just wow. Thank you Boston Magazine for getting what we do... and liking it!, The ovens are fired up for tonight. Who's stopping by?, What We're Doing with CJ Husk's Pig Tonight:

House-Smoked Ham & Chip-In Farm Egg Sandwich on a Homemade Kaiser Roll with Local Cheddar

Pan-Seared Roulade with Green Lentil Ragout (braised head & front shoulder, brushed with Dijon and bread crumbs)

Smoky Maple Black Pepper Bacon (made from pork belly!), Carmelized Onions and Fontina Pizza, null, Happy Valentine's Day to everyone who came out tonight! Lovers, haters and everyone in between., We're in the running for Best New Restaurant in the Boston Phoenix's The Best '12 Awards!, BREAKING NEWS: Cambridge gave us a gold star! Now open for drinks 'til 2am Thursday-Saturday. Get your late-night pizza & beer fix in one place!, Check out our Bloody Heart Pizza for Valentine's Day on The Daily Meal, FOR VALENTINE'S DAY ONLY: Bloody Heart Pizza with Beef Hearts, Tomato Sauce, Caramelized Onions, House Made Mozzarella and Pecorino Gremolata., Check out this recipe for stir-fried greens in rendered sausage fat in the latest issue of Bon Appétit Magazine. Just like how we toss our arugula with chicken jus in our Crystal Valley Chicken, Butternut Squash, Apple, Pumpkin Sees and Sourdough Croutons salad!, Can Leonardo DiCaprio save the world through coffee? Why not?!, A nice little morning pair in the cafe..., Serious Eats reviews our pizza - "The Fennel Sausage and Pickled Banana Pepper pie is hands-down my favorite pizza on the menu at Area Four.", whipping up some rise krispie bars with caramel, Fielding offers for free legal representation in exchange for an almond croissant drop-off at Boston University's law tower. Think we should take up these budding lawyers' offers?!, Who celebrated National Croissant Day today? We did!, Look what the Frugal Foodista has to say about our weekend brunch!, If you don't have time for a full brunch today, grab a croissant & coffee from our cafe!, We can think of one way to celebrate National Chocolate Day..., New website is up and we're digging the new menu page. What do you think?, with food shots by Just Add Cheese, Check out this killer post from Just Add Cheese about our weekend brunch., Like our brunch? Then vote for it in Boston Phoenix's Best of Boston 2012 Awards. Nominations now open!, Thanks Billy Costa for plugging our brand-new brunch on TV Diner this weekend!, Who came out to brunch this weekend?, with food shots by Just Add Cheese, null, Boston Magazine announces our weekend brunch menu, kicking off this Saturday!, This weekend's The Wall Street Journal includes a recipe for a Shaved Brussels Sprouts salad from Chef Paul Kahan of Chicago. For something a little closer to home, come in and try ours w/ candied hazelnuts, pecorino and lemon vinaigrette!, null, If you end up making these at home, post pics to our wall!, Our ricotta meatballs in yesterday's Tasting Table Chef's Recipe newsletter!, Check out Chef Michael Leviton making a Wellfleet Clam & Bacon pizza for The Daily Meal, null, Pick up a copy of Edible Boston and find out where the farmer's markets are this winter!, Pear and Apple Crisp for Two, SWORDFISH GYRO for lunch, anyone?, null, This week's beer menu // 100% New England, 100% of the time, These piglets from Cricket Creek Farm in Williamstown were only 2 hours old when we visited yesterday. They're cute now - and tasty come fall. (Too soon?), A review of our breakfast sandwich and craquelin ("crack") on Serious Eats, null, Why thank you, Bon Appétit Magazine! We think our Wellfleet Clam & Bacon Pizza is a knock-out as well!, The Boston Globe goes on the hunt for great wings..., Thanks to BostonTweet, MC Slim JB and Mark H. for naming us one of the Top Newcomers on Eater Boston!, Happy New Year from everyone at Area Four!, $1 oysters in the cafe from 4-6pm followed by celeb chef-inspired pizzas all night! No cover / no reservations necessary!!, Open today and tonight - come in!, We are closed for the weekend and will reopen on Tuesday. Merry Christmas!, Get your A4 fix today/tonight! We'll be closed 12/24-12/26., And Pastry Chef Katie Kimble offers up her Gingerbread Cookie recipe just in time for Christmas! cc BostonChefs.com, Bar Director Chris Graeff gives his bubbly pairing tips for the holiday season on BostonChefs.com, Curious to see where Chef Michael Leviton eats when he's not at Area Four or Lumiere? Check the new Chefs Feed app!, A great piece in The Atlantic from our friend Nicolette Hahn Niman of BN Ranch , Have you heard? Sustainability and buying local are now, officially, trends. Good thing we jumped on that bandwagon early..., Step 2:, Our latest victim..., Coffee: We can't live without it., Anyone up for latkes prepared by Chef Leviton himself?, Looking for New Year's Eve plans? We've got $1 oysters between 4-6pm to get you started, followed by celeb chef-inspired pizzas and a whole roasted local heritage pig. Stay tuned for more details..., Spots still available for tomorrow night's High West whiskey dinner || 4 courses w/ whiskey pairings || intro to whiskeys with High West distiller || $65/person || 617-758-4444 to make reservations, Did you know that coffee has seasons? Learn what coffees you should be drinking when..., Who came out this Saturday for our porchetta-style goat dinner?, One Frizzell Hill goat = two porchetta-style roulades, two country terrines and one smaller roulade to be poached, sliced, coated with mustard, breaded and pan fried. More photos to come..., null, Looking forward to today's delivery: a whole goat from Frizzell Hill Farm in Lydon, MA. Goat "porchetta" anyone? Goat loin stuffed w/ more goat, fennel, lemon, garlic and hot pepper. Available Saturday night!, Check out our High West Whiskey dinner on Eater Boston. Call 617-758-4444 to score tix to the 12/13 event!, Pastry Chef Katie Kimble painstakingly decorates each gingerbread cookie by hand. Such dedication!, MAJOR BEER NEWS: Tonight, we are tapping Zoe (a hoppy amber ale) from the extremely exclusive and much-lauded Maine Beer and Beverage Co. We are privileged to be one of a very small handful of Massachusetts accounts to get an allocation of their new-to-the-market kegged beers. Come for a taste tonight!, We have macarons in the cafe! Cranberry White Chocolate, Chocolate Peppermint and Vanilla Gingerbread - buy a trio for only $4.50/bag!, Our very first whole pig dinner - stuffied, tied and ready for the oven!, TONIGHT'S NEW BEER: Happy Sol (a tart, bitter hefeweizen brewed with blood oranges and MA-based wildflower honey) from the Somerville-based, brand-spanking new company Slumbrew., Tomorrow night we are hosting our very first whole animal roast, featuring a local suckling pig. Here is Chef Leviton prepping it to be stuffed like porchetta., FOURTH COURSE: A4 Croissant & OMG Pure Rye Silver Whiskey Bread Pudding, Citrus & Whiskey Caramel Sauce, THIRD COURSE | Double Rye Braised Lucki 7 Farms Pork, Prunes & Almonds, Celery Root-Parnip Puree, SECOND COURSE: Wood Oven Roasted Crystal Valley Farms Chicken, Bourye, Soy & Ginger Marinade, Garlic Spinach, FIRST COURSE: Juniper & Dill Cured Arctic Char, Apple & Watercress Salad | Paired with Western Oat Silver Whiskey, Planning a four-course dinner with High West Whiskey of Utah for December 13. Stay tuned for more details!, We think they liked our breakfast sandwich..., By popular demand, we present: THE MEATLOAF CHEESEBURGER., Starting next month, we have MACARONS in the cafe! Buy a packaged trio (Cranberry White Chocolate, Chocolate Peppermint, Vanilla Gingerbread) for $4.50!, Have you heard? Beer is good for you., We will be closed Thursday (Thanksgiving) and Friday (private event) this week. Just FYI. Plan ahead for all your pizza, beer, bakery and coffee needs., Dark Chocolate Peppermint Ice Cream Cake
- Housemade peppermint stick ice cream layered between rich moist dark chocolate cake, coated in peppermint buttercream and crushed candy canes.

Call 617-758-4444 to order. Please give us 48 hours notice!, Pints & Pies: Daily from 3-5:30pm, get a small margherita pizza and a pint of local brew for only $12., We are having some technical difficulties this morning (phone, internet and credit card machines down), but are still open! Please bring cash!, We love Brussels Sprouts! Check them out in our salad: Shaved Brussels Sprouts, Tuscan Kale, Toasted Hazelnuts, Pecorino & Lemon Vinaigrette!, This week, we have a Roasted Frizzell Hill Farm Goat pizza with green olives, feta and oregano. Take a look at how good these goats live in western MA. "Happy goats are healthy goats!", Latte art!, Tasting Table rounds up the four best new restaurants in Boston and we're happy to report that we made the cut. Check out the story and slideshow!, Starting Monday 11/21, we'll be doing a $12 pie & pint deal from 3-5:30pm. Get a pint of beer (your pick) and a small margherita pizza for $12 ($13 if you want pepperoni)., BIG NEWS FOR PIZZA FANS: You can now order all of our pizzas in the cafe, for take-out and dine-in. Pair your Wellfleet Clam & Bacon pie with a cortado, or a classic Margherita with a latte., Order a Local Pumpkin Spice or Maple Pecan Walnut pie for Thanksgiving by 6pm this Friday and pick it up next Wednesday! Call 617-758-4444 or come on in to place your order., Wonder what's happening in the world of craft beer? Take a look then come check out are 100% New England craft selection -- all on tap!, For more on eating locally and sustainably, tune into Innovation Hub on WGBH next weekend with Chef Michael Leviton., If you think that eating locally is impossible, think again..., Curious to see how interconnected Boston's restaurant scene is? Check out the latest STUFF magazine, Who needs a pie for Thanksgiving? We are taking orders through November 18th at 6pm for Local Pumpkin Spice and Maple Pecan Walnut pies. $28/each, ready for pickup the week of November 24. Call 617-758-4444 to place your order!, Putting a farm to bed for the winter via Public Radio Kitchen, MIThenge hits on 11-11-11, If your idea of a holiday party involves 1) roasting a whole goat for 20 people, b) a cocktail party for 100 featuring eco-friendly beer & wine on draft, c) a bunch of clam & bacon pizzas, or d) all of the above -- we can help., The annual blind wine tasting, Plonkapalooza, turns to our very own Chris Graeff, Photo recap of last night's Eat Your Heart Out Boston on Boston.com!, Chinese Rock: white chocolate, peppered cashews, candied ginger, coarse salt. In the background: Ramones rock n roll high school lp, the dead milkmen Bucky Fellini tape and a Poison flesh and blood tape. cc Eat Your Heart Out Boston, In honor of tonight's Eat Your Heart Out Boston, Chef Michael Leviton requests that you all take a minute and watch the video below. We are serving "Chinese Rock" (white chocolate, peppered cashews, candied ginger, coarse salt) inspired by DeeDee Ramone and Richard Hell's 1976 song of the same name. , Thanks Citysearch Boston readers for voting us the Best Date spot in the city!, null, In need of a turkey for Thanksgiving? How about an all-natural bird from BN Ranch in California? Order a heritage turkey or broad-breasted turkey (the best tasting turkey, says Chef Michael Leviton ) by 11/9 and pick it up at Area Four! For more information, call 617-758-4444!, Eat Your Heart Out is next Monday 11/7, Dick Dawson cuts a pecorino wheel for tonight's salad, Today's Soup: Long Pumpkin!, Today's Rue La La features a VIP ticket to the Jacques Pepin event with Michael Leviton!, Our Guest Roaster: Finca Mauritania single origin espresso roast, as well as production roast for individually brewed. You will be able to try this coffee as an espresso or drip!, Michael Leviton pays tribute to legendary chef Jacques Pepin with other Boston chefs on November 3. Buy tickets now to taste Michael's take on one of Jacques' classic recipes, meet Jacques and get a signed copy of his new cookbook!, This morning's cinnamon pecan sticky buns are looking particularly delicious... thanks to pastry chef Katie Kimble!, We love this write-up about the pulled pork sandwich we did for the East Cambridge Rib Fest a couple of weeks ago., New Boston.com blog ChowDown Beantown writes about our Vincent Price movie night -- tomorrow at 8pm!, Tomorrow, we team up with Brattle Theatre for "100 Years of Thrills" complete with kettle corn, candied apples and pretzel nugz., Michael Leviton at Chefs Collaborative National Summit in New Orleans: "I pursue sustainable products to be a better chef.", All about apples in the cafe..., Who thinks we should start a write-in campaign for BEST PIZZA: SLOW in dig boston's DIG THIS AWARDS?, In honor of New England Craft Beer Thursdays (yes, we made that up), check out this cool blog on Boston.com about our selection., In Cambridge this weekend but need a break from the HOTC crowds? Warm up & recharge with a caramel-apple half moon hand pie and a cortado in the bakery!, If you're curious to see how 13 Boston chefs update traditional Jewish dishes, make sure you stop by Beyond Bubbie's Kitchen this Sunday in Brighton. We're working on some Malted Cream Cheese Milkshakes to go with our Cranberry-Maple Rugelach! , TODAY's SUNDAE: pumpkin soft serve, pumpkin seeds, candied nuts, house marshmallow sauce, Not a bad view for a Wednesday afternoon..., Today's Sundae: Vanilla Cardamom & Brown Sugar Cinnamon Soft Serve Twist with Salted Caramel Sauce, Candied Nuts & Jimmies, New in the bakery today: Caramel & Local Apple half moon hand pies!, We're so honored to be nominated for Best New Restaurant, Best Overall, Best Date and Best Dessert in this year's Best of Citysearch Boston poll. Vote now! 
, Do you love Vincent Price as much as we do? Make sure you stop by October 25 for a double feature with Brattle Theatre - The Tingler and Theatre of Blood starting at 8 PM. Read more in yesterday's Herald:, Speaking of pizza, we now have two sizes: Small (10 inch) and Large (14 inch). Take a look at how we prep the dough!, Check out the November issue of SAVEUR Magazine -- our Six-Onion Pizza is featured along with the recipe from Chef Michael Leviton!, HELLO FALL, TODAY'S SOFT SERVE SUNDAE: Pumpkin & Maple Swirl with Toasted Pumpkin Seeds, Candied Pistachios & Salted Caramel Sauce, Happy National Sausage Pizza Day! Come celebrate with a Homemade Fennel Sausage & Banana Pepper pizza. With homemade mozzarella... yessss..., In honor of Steve, our beloved goat from Frizzell Hill Farm, we present to you: The Goat Pizza., Pumpkin whoopie pies in the cafe today!, A great recap of this Sunday's Grilling on the Green with Chefs Collaborative, A dozen pizzettes into the wood-fired oven this morning. Who's up for an early afternoon snack?, ATTENTION STUDENTS: Boston.com says we're "a great spot to hunker down and work on a term paper or celebrate after an exam." Agreed., Come check out our chef/owner Michael Leviton THIS SUNDAY on the green outside Area Four for Chefs Collaborative Grilling on the Green, 4-6:30pm. Tickets are usually $75/each, but we've got them for $45/each! Click on the link below and enter "chefs" or call 617-236-5200., Is it too late for one of these?, Beyond thrilled to have made the list!, Hey Ladies (said in Beastie Boys style) -- A Harvard study says women who drink 2-3 cups of Joe per day were 15 percent less likely to develop depression than women who drank one cup or less per week. Happy National Coffee Day!, Yes, it's true. You can add bacon to anything on our menu for $2. , Don't forget to "shake the dickens out of it.", Peep our very own Michael Krupp, making his online video debut (we hope, at least) in an Emerson College restaurant segment., New dig boston (Weekly Dig) out today with a beer pairing from Area Four: Thomas Hooker Munich lager with our Wellfleet Clam & Bacon Pizza, Did you know that Chef Leviton is the Chair of Chefs Collaborative, a nonprofit dedicated to local and sustainable food? We think that's a pretty awesome mission. Read more about them here!, I spy our delicious Olive Oil Cake... Thanks Hidden Boston!, You heard them - just come! , Anyone in our 'hood for the Future M presentations this week? We love being in an area that's full of such bright minds and innovation (check it out: www.futurem.org), We will be closed tomorrow to celebrate the Cambridge Carnival International. The cafe will open for regular business on Sunday the 11th.  Thank you!, Fantastic video of Leviton creating an Israeli Tomato Salad at the how2heroes tent last week! If you missed the presentation, here is your chance to learn how to make this delicious dish., We are a little surprised Cambridge doesn't hold a place on this list... We are surrounded by incredible food and even better schools. What do you guys think?  http://ow.ly/1wJuuz, We will be closed Sunday and Monday for the holiday- hoping everyone has a nice, relaxing long weekend! We'll be back where you left us on Tuesday :), A lovely, well-written review of the restaurant from the Boston Globe. We are flattered to hear that we fit so well in Kendall. http://ow.ly/6hCa0, Who will we be seeing at the how2heroes tent at the Cambridge Farmer's Market today? Leviton will be there for his demo at 1230!, ...and our coffee I bakery credits here!, We are now live with LevelUp! Check out our bar I oven credits here..., Our cafe will be closed tomorrow Sunday 28th due to inclement weather...IRENEEEEE!, Please consider coming by the Cambridge Farmers Market in Kendall next Wednesday at 1230 to see Michael Leviton demo a dish containing local ingredients at the how2heroes tent!! It is going to be a great afternoon!, Couldn't agree more with this feature in Bon Appetit- short, well-curated wine lists are in! http://ow.ly/1wcdp3, Happy Birthday Joe Strummer. Thank you for providing us with so many amusing quotes for our menu. We love ya buddy., Katie and Follen manning our coffee and treats station at Rogues Gallery (guest appearance by Idgie, Katies Great Dane), It's national soft serve day!! Come by for vanilla or crimson berry to celebrate!, Great piece in the NYTimes about the theatrics of an open kitchen- we love ours as the center piece in the restaurant! http://ow.ly/1vTrCb, This Saturday we are holding a popup coffee shop at Rogues Gallery in P-town! More info here: http://ow.ly/1vR8JU, The smell of our wood burning oven never gets old - It seems especially strong outside the restaurant today., Sample Sunday... Trying Barrington #165 out today!, Love this article and the pictures of the A4 Family. , Sazerac kinda day. 'nuff said. What are you drinking with dinner tonight?, Still so proud of Krupp finishing the Pan Mass this weekend! A huge accomplishment for a great cause., We love Cambridge on a Saturday! Free admission to the Harvard Museum of Natural History today- so much to see there- then come enjoy a few cocktails with us!, Great article in the Globe today about kegged wines. What are your thoughts on the idea? Have you tried wine on tap with us yet? http://ow.ly/1vki3G, We are whiskey lovers, but we are curious - what are your favorite after work drinks to help you unwind?, A new soft serve flavor featured in our daily sundae today - Chocolate and mint twist with our house made marshmallow sauce, jimmies and chocolate chips!, This weekend our co-owner, Michael Krupp, is riding the Pan Mass Challenge - a 163 mile, 2 day bike ride- in support of cancer research. If you would like to donate, please do so here http://www.pmc.org/egifts/ [Mike's egift ID is MK0205]. Every dollar is a dollar closer to a cure., "Quint"essential Shark Week cocktail- rum, ginger syrup, raspberry purée and a gummy body part. Come sip and watch with us!, Did you know you can add Bacon to anything on our menu for just two bucks? Come on- who doesn't love bacon!? (...besides vegetarians), We are all so excited about Shark Week! It's all we can talk about. Plus, there may be a special shark themed cocktail coming your way later today!, Got a case of the Mondays? The cure is a blueberry poptart made in house., Did you know we now have Sangria? Delicious and only $6 a glass! Perfect for a relaxed afternoon., Today we are introducing Verrill corn soft serve!! Katie has been working to perfect it and I think you guys will love it!, Thank you Zagat and USA Today for including us in your list of places to try for business travelers! Check it out!! http://ow.ly/1v2JhB, Beautiful patio weather today! Who will I see out there today?, A long day calls for the Gin & Jazz- one of our new cocktails made up of Cap Rock gin, dry vermouth, jasmine tea and lime cordial, New cocktail list at the bar!! Stay tuned for lots of new tempting drink posts. Tonight I'm thinking you should try our "White Boy Manhattan"- Bully Boy white whiskey, Cocchi Americano and Regan's bitters, Nothing can beat a laid back Sunday, what is everyone planning for their day? Come start off the day right with a little espresso and a treat at the cafe., Indulging in a crowd favorite tonight: clam and bacon pizza!, New delicious whiskeys from Utah: High West. Oliver recommends trying them on the rocks as they have such unique flavor., New: Bacon and sea salt pretzel with apple mustard., NEW mocha whoopee pies! Mmmm, We have lots of cool options from gazpacho to soft serve to salads. What are your favorite things to eat on a hot day?, The rumors are true! We will be cupping again this Saturday at 1130- check out all the samples we have to play with! http://ow.ly/i/eBqA, A great looking page on our restaurant and Chef Michael Leviton on BostonChefs.com http://ow.ly/1uO2W8, Buttermilk vanilla and raspberry twist with crimson berry + marshmallow sauces and candied nuts #dailysundae, Looks like I found everyone plans for lunch.... http://ow.ly/i/eBqb, Looking for something new? Try our  roasted squid with chick pea, lemon & black olive salad with a glass of Stephan Ross Chardonnay #dinner, Just a little Tuesday lunch question... What are your favorite pizza toppings? I used to be margherita all the way until I got addicted to our sausage and banana pepper pizza, Thanks for including us on Table Talk, Boston Magazine! http://ow.ly/5HZap, Wood neck samples in the cafe = science experiments on the counter., Our little owl cookie jar is one of my favorite details in the cafe, Patio dining today is a MUST. It's gorgeous out there. Make sure to try our new gazpacho while you are out there., Raspberry Soft Serve, cookie crumble, chocolate jimmies & crimson berry sauce #dailysundae (ps- all of that is made IN HOUSE), Inaugural Area Four Blog Post! Check it out!!, Espresso lineup, The feeling is mutual, New chocolate soft serve, marshmallow and salted caramel sauce, and crispy bacon!! #dailysundae, A few of these babies and a Bluehills brewery wheat beer... How's THAT for holiday spirit? #redwhiteandblue, We will be open today and tomorrow but closed Sunday/Monday. What are your plans for 4th of July?, Devra First hits the nail on the head., Dreaming up some new playlists for both the restaurant and the cafe. What kind of things do you guys like to hear when you're out to eat? Would love some suggestions!, New soft serve flavor: GINGER!, Better late than never - Check Mike out on Chronicle talking about the restaurant and the neighborhood we love so well., BEAUTIFUL BN Ranch double cut bone-in ribeyes available for dinner tonight. This one here is 30oz, Big debate of the bar tonight: should we watch Dr. Who or Free Willy?, Http://tinyurl.com/a4thrillist check us out! Great video by thrillist!, Don't mean to alarm anyone but YES that does say maple bacon bread., In the Globe today http://t.co/Ahy5klw, Nutter jammer is the new nutter butter and it's better than ever!, First day of summer means long leisurely lunches and ice cream after every meal. (and drinks whenever we want!), So I'm dying to know... who stopped by for dinner this weekend?, A preview of the drink menu that will be available tonight for the first time!, Today is the day!! Open for dinner tonight!, Verrill Farm strawberries that make our strawberry soft serve so delicious!, OUR FIRST KEG HAS ARRIVED! Booze starts a flowin' this Friday., More exciting news: our patio opens today!!! Come grab a pizza and soak in some sun., This Friday, for the first time, we will be open for dinner!!, Barrington's golden espresso., Cafe will be open for it's first weekend THIS weekend 9-6 hope to see you there!, Lunch., Katie just brought out s'mores!, Late lunch, early dinner. Delicious either way, So guys I want to know... Whats your favorite thing you have eaten with us so far?, Thanks for the glowing review Bistro Broad!, Just got word that if you come in wearing a black shirt and grey pants like all of Team Cafe you'll get a free small coffee., (part of) TEAM CAFE! Don't you just want to buy pastries and talk coffee with guys like these?, Looks like this week is going to be a scorcha! Good thing we've got plenty of cold brew brewing, Starting this week, the cafe is open 7 days a week! I better see you guys there this weekend., WOW local strawberry and buttermilk vanilla twist with salted carmel and marshmallow sauce. Too delicious for words., Big congrats to anyone graduating from MIT today! You guys are going to change the world., Check us out on Urban Daddy! , Watching over Kendall Square from the other side of the river., Just broke down a whole Frizzell Hill Farm goat to make gyros and roasted goat, feta and kalamata olive pizza. Boom., Instead of sweet, try savory this morning with a red pepper cheddar scone at the cafe!, we will be closed for the weekend so ya'll should stop by to satisfy any pre-memorial day cravings!, A new excuse not to brown bag lunch- today we will begin serving pizzettes (mini pizzas) in the cafe! #areafour, Logo stamped logs for our massive wood burning stove., Todays lunch special: Soft shell crab BLT salad with smoked tomatoes bacon buttermilk dressing. Drooling yet?, Did you guys know we are now open for lunch at 1130 daily? Come on by! Updates to come., We are closed this weekend! Everyone enjoy the sun and we will see you bright and early Monday, You guys should follow us on twitter for more updates (and temptations) @area_four, Who are these fine looking men? Oh, just our co-owners. , Heaven thy name is mini cinnamon bun!, So who has made it over to see us? I'd love to hear your thoughts!, Day one complete. I am over-caffeinated and full. I'd call it a success., and we're open! looks amazing in here., bakery opens doors for the first time tomorrow! please come say hello!, signage., null)