List(WhistlePig "straight Rye" and WhistlePig "Old World" Whiskey are now available #sousakubistro, Hibiki Harmony Now Available at #SousakuBistro, Come try our famous Wagyu beef maki, Due to Chinese New Years we are closing early at 10pm today 2/15 Monday for employees celebrations.  Business hours will be as usual the following day.  Thank you all for your support, we at Sousaku Bistro wishes everyone a Happy and healthy New Years., Tables are filling up fast, make your reservations for your love ones., We are open for dine in and take out today till 10:00pm.  Everyone stay warm and safe.  Happy Chinese New Years from the Sousaku Bistro team., Due to the weather: For the safety of our employees, Sousaku Bistro will be closed today.  We will be open tomorrow for brunch and dinner., Check our website for menu www.sousakubistro.com, Come in for some brunch @sousakubistro, Sousakubistro now offers take out.  Visit us @ www.sousakubistro.com to see menu., Due to the heavy snow, we will be close early today at 10:00pm Hope everyone stays warm and safe., Thank you Phantom gourmet for the visit and the 500+ likes., Thank you all for the endless support going into 2016.  We will continue to bring you more creative dishes., Chūtoro Medium Fatty Tuna available at #sousakubistro, Thank you all for celebrating NYE 2016 with us today, we will be open for business as usual on New Years Day from 5pm-1am., Happy New Years Eve 2016 everyone., null, null, Look for our full page ad on Boston gps., Come try our signature dishes., We are Open for Christmas.  Champagne toasting for New Years Eve, reserve your tables early., Wagyu beef straight from Japan., Thank you to the president of the Senate for this Recognition., http://neighborhoodview.org/2015/12/09/sousaku-bistro-japanese-tappas-and-bar-in-malden/, Today's special Chitterlings Teppanyaki., Book your New Year's Eve with us at Sousaku Bistro, seats are filling fast., Thank you Katherine Clark member of the Congress for this Certificate of special Congressional Recognition Certificate., We are now officially OPEN!  
Mon - Fri from 5pm to 1am.  
Saturday 11:30am-2:30pm brunch 5pm-1am dinner 
Sunday 12noon-2:30pm brunch 5pm-12midnight dinner., Sousaku bistro welcomes the Malden Mayor., Come meet the Mayor of Malden today at 5:00pm for our grand opening with ribbon cutting ceremony., Today's special Toro set., We now offer gift cards for the holidays., Come in for a nice Scorpion-tini for two at  Sousaku Bistro, null, Fresh Toro (fatty tuna) available at Sousaku Bistro., We will not be open on 11/26 this week.  Have a happy and safe Thanksgiving.  Business will be as usual on 11/27., Thank you all for coming., We welcome you to our soft opening 5pm-1am., Please feel free to visit us for our soft opening today.  We are open from5pm-1am., null, Thank you all for the wonderful potteries.  We deeply appreciate them very much., We at Sousaku Bistro will like to thank all our friends and families for coming by the restaurant today., Now Hiring!!!  Host, Wait staffs and Bartenders.  Please inbox with interest., More sneak peek at what's to come., Finally our store front is finished.  Stay tune for grand opening announcement., Find us on twitter @sousakubistro!!!, Come visit our website at www.sousakubistro.com, More sneak peek., null, Sneak peek of Sousaku Bistro' Menu., Sneak peek of Sousaku Bistro., Awnings are finally here.  Stay tune for the opening., Everything is coming along., null, Thanks for the supporting!!, 台式大腸麵線 20分鐘賣完！謝謝大家
Rice Noodle With Chitterling sold out in 20 mins! Thank you for all your support!, Come visit us at the Taiwanese festival in Newton., null, null, null, null)