List(Load up on toppings. It's the final day of Double Points., The essentials for the final TRIPLE point bonus day. Grab your registered Ounce Back card, fill up on froyo, and enjoy triple the points., It's a spring thing., Register this little beauty, grab some froyo, and earn TRIPLE points today. Yes. Today., null, Two froyos, two drinks, two cookies... But you only need one registered card to earn those double points., Three ____ are more awesome than one. Fill in the blank because it's another TRIPLE point day when you use your registered Ounce Back card., We said it and we meant it, TRIPLE POINT bonus day is here. Enjoy triple the awesomeness when you use your registered Ounce Back card today., What's sweeter than getting points on your registered Ounce Back card? When we DOUBLE those points. All. Month. Long. 

Psst...be on the lookout for a few TRIPLE point bonus days., Our love for you is still going strong. Make sure to pick up a 'LOVE' card to enjoy $1 off your next four purchases in February. Because we're sweet like that..., BOGO froyo this Valentine's Day. #sosweet orangeleafyogurt.com/terms, 5 things to do on Valentine's Day:

- Be sweet.
- Think sweet.
- Surprise sweet.
- Give sweets.
- Eat sweet.

We've got you covered. Stay tuned. ❤️, It's all about LOVE this month. What do you love? Someone? Something? Everything? Tell us all about it., We love LOVE. All month long, you can receive a 'LOVE' card in-store when you show the cashier you follow us on Facebook. Enjoy $1 off each of your next 4 purchases with the 'LOVE' card., Blending in to the scenery. #winterwin, Football and froyo. Froyo and football. Are you game day ready with a #PopUpPartyBox?, It's party perfect. Grab a #PopUpPartyBox for your next event.   

At participating locations only., Attention party people! Say hello to our new Pop-Up Party Box. http://bit.ly/1IOhzNp, Hello 2016!, Favorite flavors with your favorite friends. Cheers to the upcoming new year., Bring something new to the holiday table. Pick up a froyo cake today!

At participating locations. Call your store for availability. http://bit.ly/1LhVzqq, Time to wrap up the holiday shopping. Literally. Pick up the sweetest gift for that final touch. http://bit.ly/1LhVzqq, It's never too late for the perfect present. Give the gift of froyo. #yum, Holiday pre-party. Check., The perfect holiday party addition. Grab some of the sweetness today. #yorkpeppermintpattie, You deserve a treat. Join us this Friday, #orangefriday, and purchase $25 in gift cards and your next cup of froyo is on us. See ya spoon.

*Coupon valid 12/1 - 12/31. Terms: 
orangeleafyogurt.com/terms, Free froyo awaits. Make sure you're following us on Twitter, @myorangeleaf, at 12pm CST on #orangefriday. Something sweet will be happening. 

Terms and conditions: www.orangeleafyogurt.com/terms, The holidays can officially begin. York Peppermint Pattie is back. #winterwin, Free froyo? Yes, please! This year, try #orangefriday. Spend $25 or more on Orange Leaf gift cards and you'll get free* froyo. 

*See terms: http://bit.ly/1MVu3hi, Goodbye #blackfriday madness. Hello #orangefriday sweetness. Join us on November 27th and we'll give you free froyo when you buy $25 or more in gift cards., Thank you to those who have served and sacrificed.  Today, all veterans and active duty military members can enjoy a cup* of froyo on us!

*up to 11oz and at participating locations only, Honored to have veterans and active duty military as part of the Orange Leaf family., On November 11th, we invite all veterans and active duty military members to mix it up and have some fun with free* froyo. #treatavet #veteransday

 *Up to 11oz and at participating locations., Be a next level #lattelover with our new fall flavors. Easy at-home recipes here: http://bit.ly/1H3mWHa, null, The cooler way to latte...literally. Tag the #lattelover in your life., Fall froyo fix. Which one are you craving? #pumpkinspicelatte #saltedcaramellatte, When fall met froyo, it was love at first bite. Welcome back Pumpkin Spice Latte and say hello to our NEW Salted Caramel Latte., Fall. Froyo. Friends., It's the FINAL days of fundraising and together we can raise #1millionmeals for children fighting hunger. How can you make a difference? Visit: http://bit.ly/1OC0t6j, Help us in the fight to end childhood hunger in America. To find out how, visit: http://bit.ly/1itqabL #teamnokidhungry, Have you picked up one of these bad boys yet? Our limited edition cups are just $1 extra and benefit No Kid Hungry. To learn about additional ways to help, visit www.orangeleafyogurt.com., Because of YOU we're over half way to our goal of raising #1millionmeals this month for No Kid Hungry. Thank you! To learn about additional ways to help, visit www.orangeleafyogurt.com., Why we love this partnership., Join us in the fight to end childhood hunger by purchasing a limited edition cup, an in-store pin-up, or a limited edition t-shirt. Your purchase helps us reach our goal of raising #1millionmeals this month. Proceeds go to No Kid Hungry. #teamNKH, This month, enjoy your froyo in a limited edition cup for just $1 extra. Proceeds go to Share Our Strength's No Kid Hungry campaign. Who knew a single cup could make such a difference?, What will you pledge? We've already made one a reality! "To encourage a healthy lifestyle for children" - Xander, Our Toasted Marshmallow froyo will be leaving the spotlight soon. Enjoy a perfect s'mores sundae before it's gone., These kids enjoyed a fun day sharing their ideas with KD. We want to hear more! Encourage your kids to fill out our community activity sheet and they will receive 3oz free. bit.ly/1W3GmQw, Our NEW Toasted Marshmallow froyo makes the perfect end-of-summer sundae. Comment with a picture of how you're enjoying this new flavor for a chance to win a $10 gift card! 10 lucky winners will be chosen on Friday., KD made a pledge. Encourage your kids to do the same. Kids can fill out our community pledge sheet by visiting their local Orange Leaf or downloading it here - bit.ly/1W3GmQw. We are choosing 5 community pledges to come to life! See you spoon., Our perfect s'more. Happy #NationalSmoresDay!, Love your community? We are giving 3oz free to kids who visit their local Orange Leaf, fill out our community activity sheet, and complete it before their next purchase. 

For more details visit www.orangeleafyogurt.com., null, All the flavor without the campfire. Enjoy our NEW Toasted Marshmallow froyo all month long. #summer is better with #orangeleaf, Have you welcomed this beauty into your life yet? It's only here for a limited time- come by spoon and try it! #newflavor, Something delicious has arrived. It's our NEW Toasted Marshmallow froyo. Upgrade your campfire., Froyo for two? That's got date night written all over it., Summer sundaes in the spotlight: Pineapple Coconut Pie and Summer Fresh Sundae. #summer is better with #orangeleaf, “At a very young age, Antonio became an orphan. Then in middle school, he and his sister became homeless. A family took him in and brought him from New York to Louisiana. While Antonio was an employee with us at Orange Leaf, he became student of the year at his high school. He left us for college that following August on a wrestling scholarship, and now he is finishing his first year of chiropractic school in St. Louis. He went from homelessness, to becoming a doctor- he is a true inspiration to anyone that meets him! And the best part is, he has never forgotten about Orange Leaf. He still comes by every time he is in town.” – Tracy, Orange Leaf General Manager. 
#myOLstory #Lifeisbetter with #OrangeLeaf, “My son Landon has severe dairy and nut allergies that make it hard to find special treats for us to enjoy together. Since day one, the staff at Orange Leaf has always been amazing and helpful with what he can have, or should avoid. I love going to Orange Leaf because I know I can go and watch my son’s face light up with excitement- he thinks that Orange Leaf was made just for him!” – Mary and Landon, Orange Leaf super fans. 
#myOLstory #LifeIsBetter with #OrangeLeaf, “Orange Leaf will forever be a special place for us, because it’s where we had our first date. Who knew that froyo and a long night of conversation would lead to our marriage. After dating for two years, we got married last October and we always relive our first moments together whenever we go to Orange Leaf. It always reminds us of how our love began.” - Derrick and Bunmi, Orange Leaf super fans., “On a Monday afternoon, my regular customer walked in and began to speak with a few of the elderly customers from an assisted living group. When he got to the register, he handed me $30 to buy froyo for the assisted living group- wanting to remain anonymous. I started an envelope for him, at his request. He adds money to the envelope during each of his regular visits to buy froyo for assisted living groups and any other elderly customers.” - Terri, Orange Leaf General Manager. 
#myOLstory #Lifeisbetter with #OrangeLeaf, “Have you ever read that poem, ‘Welcome to Holland’? The idea of it is you’ve been planning this trip to Italy, and you’re super excited, but when you land you end up in Holland. You can be upset because you’re not going to Italy, but if you do that, then you miss out on all of the awesome things that Holland has to offer. So I just have to figure out what phase Clifton is in for the time, and embrace it. It can be challenging, but it can also be fun. Orange Leaf is a big part of his routine, which is important. A couple of weeks ago, a boy from his class came in with his older brothers and the boy decided to come sit with Clifton– it just happened spontaneously, and it was so sweet.” – Melissa, Clifton’s mom and family of Orange Leaf super fans.  
#myOLstory #Lifeisbetter with #OrangeLeaf, Saturday swirlin'., A berry beautiful sundae., We've been swirling all week. Now it's your turn. Show us your middle lever swirl. We just might make you froyo famous. #middlelever #awareness #swirlit, “Clifton is on the Autism spectrum, and he is also diagnosed with Asperger’s. He likes his routines, and one of his routines is Orange Leaf- it has become a part of our lives. 
What do you say on Tuesdays when I pick you up from school, Clifton?"
"Ahh- my mouth is cold!"
"Clifton, please pay attention. What do you say?"
"I say, can we go to Orange Leaf?” – Melissa and Clifton, Orange Leaf super fans.
 #myOLstory #Lifeisbetter with #OrangeLeaf

More stories coming spoon..., Bringing two flavors together in delicious harmony. Thank you, middle lever. #middleleverawareness, Happy Fourth of July!, Share your story with us! 

If you have a special Orange Leaf moment or memory, share it by using the hashtag #myOLstory and you could be featured on our national social media channels- don't miss your chance!, null, Red, white, and waffle cone. #summer is better with #orangeleaf, When you want it all... #divideandconquer, Double Points Week ends tomorrow! Time to double up on the froyo. 

*Only registered cards earn double points. Not registered? No problem. Visit: http://bit.ly/1aI5kSk, A sweet summer style., Double Points week is here! Go ahead, get that second cup of froyo., Grab some froyo for Father's Day, because dad deserves it. Happy #FathersDay, Get your cards ready...

June 22nd-28th all registered Ounce Back members get double points!  

Not registered? No problem. Visit http://orangeleafyogurt.com/customer-loyalty-registration to join the fun., We're giving away gift cards... Because dad deserves it!

Comment on this photo with why your dad deserves froyo for Father's Day. 

We'll reply by midnight if you're one of our lucky winners!, Today's the day! Follow us on Twitter, @myorangeleaf, by 3pm (EST) to join us for our private Twitter party. "See" you spoon!, Gift cards. Giveaways. And More! Don’t forget to follow us on Twitter, @myorangeleaf, for exclusive access to our private Twitter party TOMORROW at 3pm (EST). #Summer is better with #OrangeLeaf, It's a 'waffle cone by the water' kind of day. Summer is better with Orange Leaf., We're throwing a party... a private Twitter party! Gift cards. Giveaways. And More! FOLLOW US on Twitter, @myorangeleaf, by 3pm (EST) on June 17th for exclusive access. #summer is better with #orangeleaf, Taking froyo to new heights. #summer is better with #orangeleaf, What's the best way to celebrate #nationalchocolateicecreamday ? With froyo, of course., Weekend, meet Pineapple Coconut Pie sundae. #summer is better with #orangeleaf, Three sundaes that complement your summer perfectly. Taste the goodness., Let the fun begin. #Summer is better with #OrangeLeaf, Sunday sweetness., Pink Lemonade's time in the spotlight is almost up... Don't miss it!, Wednesday lunch date. Check., Parks. Picnics. Pink Lemonade. Sounds like Memorial Day weekend perfection., Color me happy., When life hands you froyo, enjoy Pink Lemonade., Happy National Chocolate Chip Day. May your froyo be filled with many morsels., Pink Lemonade froyo. Fresh strawberries. Yes please., Moms, today is your day.  Enjoy free froyo on us (up to 8 oz). Happy Mother's Day! #lifeisbetter with #moms, A mother's love is sweet. We are treating all moms to free froyo tomorrow (up to 8 oz). Celebrate with us!, Moms are a pretty big deal. Celebrate your mom this Mother's Day with free froyo (up to 8 oz) at any of our participating locations!, It's the sweeter things in life..., Kevin may have outgrown sprinkles, but he hasn't outgrown his mom. #mothersday is better with #orangeleaf, Well, well, well... Look who is back and refreshing as always., Reese's and Orange Leaf. Orange Leaf and Reese's. It's been a delicious relationship. Try it before it's gone., Reese's Peanut Butter Cup froyo is calling your name..., Give the gift of froyo. Happy Administrative Professionals Day!, Reese's Peanut Butter Cup froyo is still here and still amazing., Perfect weather is better with Orange Leaf., Chocolate and peanut butter, the perfect match., Tax Day is better with Orange Leaf!, A day with Reese's Peanut Butter Cup froyo is a good day., How would you fill in the blank? Comment for your chance at a $25 Orange Leaf gift card! 

Winners will be notified by midnight Friday., It's time to indulge., Life is Better with Orange Leaf., Double Points Month ends tomorrow. Register your Ounce Back card online and get to Orange Leaf ASAP!, Better hurry. This is the last weekend to rack up double points on your registered Ounce Back card!, Our current obsession: Reese's Peanut Butter Cup froyo topped with extra Reese's Peanut Butter Cups.  

Comment with your creation (delicious pics encouraged) for the chance to win a $20 gift card! 

We'll reply by midnight Friday if you're one of our lucky winners., Seeing double? You should be.
Register your Ounce Back card online and get double points through the end of March!, Suggestion for a sweeter Sunday., How do you welcome a new season? With froyo, of course., Yes, we mixed real Reese's Peanut Butter Cups into our froyo.
No, this flavor won't be around forever. (That means hurry!), They're always after me lucky...froyo.
Happy St. Patrick's Day!, Register your Ounce Back card to get double points every time you froyo in March!, Reese's Peanut Butter Cup froyo topped with Reese's Pieces. Can you really ask for more?, Registered Ounce Back members get double points all month. That's an excuse to get double the froyo, right?, How do you top our new Reese's Peanut Butter Cup froyo?, We're doubling Ounce Back points this month!

Register your card to get in on the fun: http://www.orangeleafyogurt.com/customer-loyalty-registration, Our new flavor doesn't just taste like Reese's Peanut Butter Cups...it's made with them. 

Hurry in before it's gone!, We're giving you double the reason to crave Orange Leaf this month., Better get those Ounce Back cards registered and ready.
We've got big plans for them in March., Which flavor of froyo made with Ghirardelli awesomeness is your favorite?, It's Chocolate. Made with Ghirardelli. You know it's good., For the love of toppings., When every choice is a good choice., Laissez les bons temps rouler!, Our White Chocolate Strawberry froyo is made with Ghirardelli. And it's crazy good. 

How would you top this blank canvas?, Love is sweet.
Happy Valentine's Day!, You know what time it is., We're giving away $20 gift cards - just in time for Valentine's Day! 

Wanna play? Comment on this photo with who you would treat to Orange Leaf and why. 

We'll reply by midnight on Thursday if you're one of our lucky winners!, Celebrate National Frozen Yogurt Day at Orange Leaf!, Tempted? 
We thought so., See you at the 50-yard line., Let's get real. We're in it for the snacks. 
Stock your freezer for the big game!, The toppings bar awaits. What will you choose?, You know you want to., Two spoons for sharing...or not..., null, It's Froyo Friday. What flavor are you craving?, Dessert is what you make it.
We suggest you make it like this., White Chocolate Raspberry froyo perfection, made with Ghirardelli. Yes, it tastes as good as it looks., When your froyo looks as good as it tastes., Go to your happy place., Add a punch of protein to your favorite afternoon snack., Looking for an innocent indulgence to kick off the new year?
Try this "berry" delicious build for under 300 calories!, You look like you could use some chocolate., Ring in 2015 with friends, family and froyo., Introducing the trio of deliciousness: 

Chocolate,
White Chocolate Raspberry,
White Chocolate Strawberry., null, Winter white never looked (or tasted) so good., Merry Christmas to all, and to all lots of froyo!, It's never too late for the perfect present., On the twelfth (and final!) day of Orange Leaf... 

Like this pic for the chance to be today's gift card winner! 

One of you will be randomly selected and notified in the comment stream. See you tomorrow!, On the eleventh day of Orange Leaf... 

Like this pic for the chance to be today's gift card winner! 

One of you will be randomly selected and notified in the comment stream. See you tomorrow!, On the tenth day of Orange Leaf... 

Like this pic for the chance to be today's gift card winner! 

One of you will be randomly selected and notified in the comment stream. See you tomorrow!, On the ninth day of Orange Leaf... 

Like this pic for the chance to be today's gift card winner! 

One of you will be randomly selected and notified in the comment stream. See you tomorrow!, On the eighth day of Orange Leaf... 

Like this pic for the chance to be today's gift card winner! 

One of you will be randomly selected and notified in the comment stream. See you tomorrow!, On the seventh day of Orange Leaf... 

Like this pic for the chance to be today's gift card winner! 

One of you will be randomly selected and notified in the comment stream. See you tomorrow!, On the sixth day of Orange Leaf... 

Like this pic for the chance to be today's gift card winner! 

One of you will be randomly selected and notified in the comment stream. See you tomorrow!, On the fifth day of Orange Leaf... 

Like this pic for the chance to be today's gift card winner! 

One of you will be randomly selected and notified in the comment stream. See you tomorrow!, On the fourth day of Orange Leaf... 

Like this pic for the chance to be today's gift card winner! 

One of you will be randomly selected and notified in the comment stream. See you tomorrow!, On the third day of Orange Leaf... 

Like this pic for the chance to be today's gift card winner! 

One of you will be randomly selected and notified in the comment stream. See you tomorrow!, On the second day of Orange Leaf... 

Like this pic for the chance to be today's gift card winner!

One of you will be randomly selected and notified in the comment stream. See you tomorrow!, We released 12 new flavors. 
You voted for your favorite. 
And the winning froyo of 2014 is..., Welcome to the 12 Days of Orange Leaf! 

Like this pic for the chance to be today's gift card winner!

Daily winners will be randomly selected and notified in the comment stream. See you again tomorrow!, null, null, It's been a delicious year.
Vote for your favorite featured flavor of 2014 here: http://woobox.com/svcatv, Did you try them all? Can you pick just one?
Take our poll to vote for your favorite featured flavor of 2014!
Vote here: http://woobox.com/svcatv, Time is almost up! Add one of our holiday flavors to your cup for the chance to win tickets to Jingle Ball! Each participating Boston-area location will announce a Grand Prize Winner on their Facebook Page this Friday., We've got you covered., National Cookie Day calls for a froyo cookie sandwich...York Peppermint Pattie style., Watch party at Orange Leaf! It's good to have you back, Kevin Durant., We've unwrapped the flavor of the season., null, Can you even handle the exciteMINT?, Don't miss your chance at a trip for 2 to NYC and tickets to the 2015 NBA All-Star Game! Use your registered Ounce Back card to be entered to win. Contest ends Sunday. http://bit.ly/1v4mZKU, Happy Thanksgiving from the Orange Leaf family to yours., 1. Get froyo to-go
2. Put it in a pie crust
3. Freeze 
4. Win at Thanksgiving, 'Tis the season for a (c)update., Add our new Pumpkin Spice Latte to your cup for the chance to win tickets to the Jingle Ball concert and other great prizes! Visit a participating Boston-area location today., Free All-Star Weekend in the Big Apple?
Best Valentine's Day ever. 
Use your registered Ounce Back card this month for the chance to win! http://bit.ly/1xOnv1P, Which #PSL will you choose?, It's time to get excited about that registered Ounce Back card.
This month only, every swipe counts as an entry to win prizes like a trip to NYC!, Better hurry. It's called the flavor of the season for a reason., 1. Get an Ounce Back rewards card from Orange Leaf
2. Register Ounce Back card online
3. Use registered Ounce Back card for the chance to win!

Full details here: http://bit.ly/1xF8Kgb, This kid is one swipe closer to the prize.

Use your registered Ounce Back card this month and be entered to win prizes like a trip to NYC with tickets to the NBA All-Star Game!, Happy Veterans Day! 
Today, all active and retired U.S. military members will receive FREE FROYO, up to 11 ounces, with proof of service., It already earns you free froyo, but this month your registered Ounce Back card could earn you a trip to NYC! Every swipe counts as an entry to win., How to be an Ounce Back All-Star: The Art of the Steal. 

Using your registered Ounce Back card this month automatically enters you to win prizes like free froyo or A TRIP TO NYC. No big., Get that PSL froyo, use that registered Ounce Back card.
Every swipe counts as an entry to win prizes like free froyo, Orange Leaf swag and a trip for two to NYC!, Use your registered Ounce Back card this month for the chance to win prizes including a trip for two to NYC with tickets to the 2015 NBA All-Star Game!
Every swipe counts as an entry. Yes, it's that easy.
See full terms and conditions at orangeleafyogurt.com/terms, Pick a topping, any topping. 
Happy Halloween!, Rethink that latte. This is how you PSL., Skip the coffee house. We've got you covered., Show Kevin Durant your best fan selfie for the chance to win signed Panini America trading cards and $100 to Orange Leaf! #KDPicMe, Share your best KD Fan Selfie this week and tag it #KDPicMe for the chance to win!, You up for the next challenge? Tag your best KD Selfie with #KDPicMe for the chance to win this week's prize pack!, Go big or go home. 

Snap a pic of your froyo and show Kevin Durant using #KDPicMe for the chance to be his pic(k) of the week!, Show Kevin Durant your froyo for the chance to win this week's prize pack! Tag pics with #KDPicMe to enter., Here's how we'd make froyo for the MVP. Share pics of your best froyo creation for a chance to win KD gear! #KDPicMe, Kevin Durant takes his froyo split down the middle: Strawberry with sprinkles and Peanut Butter with chocolate chips. Show us your best combo and tag it #KDPicMe for the chance to win!, This week's photo challenge: Make a froyo cup worthy of MVP status. Tag it #KDPicMe and Kevin Durant will pick his fav to win sweet KD gear!, It's not fall till there's candy corn on your froyo., Skip the creamer. Add the froyo., Thanks to you, we raised enough money in September to connect hungry kids in America with over 1 million meals! Way to help make #NoKidHungry a reality in America!, Trying out that #NBA2K15 at Orange Leaf Headquarters. Take the #KDPicMe Challenge on Twitter for the chance to win your own copy!, This week's #KDPicMe Challenge: Fit the most Froyo To Go in one pic. Here's Kevin Durant's freezer for inspiration. , Have you tried your froyo to-go? Allow us to tempt you with this Cinnamon Roll froyo/snickerdoodle cookie combo., Just like Grandma's, only better., Our newest flavor is fresh out of the oven just for you., Our goal is $5,000.
The video says it all., Buy this cup for $1 and we'll donate proceeds to No Kid Hungry. It's nice when everybody wins., Helping end childhood hunger in America, one delicious cup at a time., It's time to go to Orange Leaf., Eat froyo, help hungry kids. That's what we call a win-win., Giving back never tasted so good. Buy a limited edition cup for $1 today! Proceeds benefit No Kid Hungry., Looking for more ways to help? Put those thumbs to work!, Thanks to you and our friends at Dole Soft Serve, we're on our way to helping No Kid Hungry end childhood hunger in America!, Will you pledge to #enditwithorange? Buy a limited edition cup for just $1 today! Proceeds benefit No Kid Hungry's fight to end childhood hunger in America., Our smoothie-loving friends at Dole Soft Serve have pledged to help us #enditwithorange by matching $1 for every limited edition cup sold this week, up to $5,000. Hurry in and get yours!, This September, buy a limited edition cup for $1 and help end childhood hunger in America! #enditwithorange, $1 can help connect a child with up to 10 meals.
Buy a limited edition cup for $1 and we'll donate proceeds to No Kid Hungry. 
Help us reach our goal of 1.2 million meals!, Welcome to the family, KD! #nokidhungry #enditwithorange, Honored to welcome Kevin Durant to the Orange Leaf family! http://apne.ws/1tw3qv4 #nokidhungry #enditwithorange, You can help connect hungry kids with the meals they need. Buy a limited edition cup for $1 and we'll donate proceeds to No Kid Hungry!, Be a Hunger Hero (and get a sweet cup)!, How's your weekend going?, We used real fruit and delicious Dole Soft Serve to make a smoothie. 
The result? Strawberry Pineapple Banana perfection., View from the top is pretty sweet., Today we honor all our furry, froyo-loving best friends. 
Happy National Dog Day!, We blended fruit and froyo into sippable smoothie deliciousness. You're welcome., Toppings Face-Off: Chocolate or Gummy?, Our franchisee in Washington, MO called out Orange Leaf HQ for the #ALSIceBucketChallenge. We accepted. We donated. We're cold., Our Self-Serve Smoothies are made with real fruit and packed with refreshing deliciousness. Prepare your world for rocking., That boba though., Saving those pennies for some froyo. 
How do you reuse our to-go containers?, Are you watching? #sharkweek, Hold on to summer with a refreshing Self-Serve Strawberry Lemonade Smoothie. Scenic view not included., We've got everything you need for back-to-school. 
And we've got it for free. 
Random winners announced daily on Twitter!, The best of both worlds., Where will you take us today?, All in., The perfect grilling companion., All the cool kids get Self-Serve Smoothies., Sorry not sorry., If this guy can make a smoothie, anyone can make a smoothie., We've captured sunshine in a cup. And it's delicious., It's just that good., Mark your calendars for a FREE Self-Serve Smoothie sampling event! Stop by Monday, July 28 between 3:00 p.m. and 7:00 p.m. to get 5 free ounces of refreshing goodness. See a list of participating locations here: http://ow.ly/zjHsQ, There's something for everyone at Orange Leaf., This is what we call well-balanced., You don't need a smoothie. 
You need a Self-Serve Smoothie from Orange Leaf., Quick, easy and delicious. What more do you need?, It may be summer, but school is in session at Orange Leaf., It's a great weekend to try something new. 
Happy Fourth from America's Frozen Yogurt (and smoothies)!, Join our store in New Braunfels, Texas for the run of the summer!, Smoothies are hard. Let us do the work., Look for NEW Self-Serve Smoothies at a participating Orange Leaf near you!, null, Got plans this weekend? You do now. 
Try this month's featured flavor before it's gone!, Did someone ask what's for dessert?, Shout out to Robyn Stahley for scoring this sweet collection of summertime swag! Stay tuned... you could be next on our list of awesomeness., Here's to a weekend filled with sunshine and froyo., Congrats to Kaijah Blackwell, a.k.a. Athena, for winning the Orange Leaf gift card!
Which Greek god or goddess are you? on.fb.me/1oeUys2, Take our quiz. Comment with your results. 
One of you will win an Orange Leaf gift card. 
on.fb.me/1oeUys2, Eat Greek. Be Greek.
Take our personality quiz to discover what your inner greek god or goddess craves!  on.fb.me/1oeUys2, Tempted? Yeah, we thought so., null, Dad wants froyo. We've got gift cards.
Father's Day, check., This Friday the 13th, take a cue from the spoon: Eat froyo and stay away from mirrors., Game on., Blackberry Greek swirled with Dole Pineapple.
Try it now and thank us later., Raspberries. Blackberries. Kiwi.
How do you top our new Blackberry Greek?, You have an inner Greek god or goddess - and it craves froyo. 
Take our quiz to find your perfect build! http://bit.ly/1p3SYZt, Meet our new flavor. It's greekin' awesome., What's that? You like free froyo? Well then, you'd better claim our Offer. BOGO valid Wednesday only!, BOGO froyo in honor of National Frozen Yogurt Month!, Rain or shine, it's Orange Leaf time., Let's call it a day and go for a walk (with froyo)., Happy Memorial Day from all of us at Orange Leaf!, One of these things is not like the other. And it’s delicious., New flavor, new way to Orange Leaf. Try Dairy Free Pink Lemonade in a handmade waffle cone!, New Dairy Free Pink Lemonade: completing the perfectly-divided trio of Dairy Free flavors at Orange Leaf. Which one is your favorite?, Sharing your Froyo To Go. That's love., Stop and enjoy the froyo., null, It's called "Froyo To Go" for a reason., Never show your hand. Or bet your Froyo To Go., Wanna play?, Road trip essentials.
Where do you take your Froyo To Go?, Happy Mother's Day to all our froyo-loving moms!, Three course dessert? That's happiness., Is there a Mother's Day photo contest happening on Instagram right now? Yes, yes there is. @myorangeleaf, null, Add some color and spread the love. Print this out for Mom!, Don't forget to thank your nurses and teachers with an Orange Leaf gift card today!, If you like piña coladas...and froyo.
Happy Cinco de Mayo!, Fight for your froyo. #MayTheFourth, Weekend, meet Orange Leaf. You're going to be great friends., Orange Leaf is OKC-based and proud to cheer on our Thunder!, It's summertime at Orange Leaf., Pink Lemonade, Dole Orange and Cotton Candy - all topped with fresh fruit. No cup divider needed., The Year of the Flavor continues with our NEW Dairy Free Pink Lemonade! Hurry in while it lasts - this refreshing goodness is only here for the month of May., See you spoon., Leave no taste bud behind. Share this post with the world., The prize is out of the bag! Congrats to the winners of this sweet collection of Orange Leaf swag., What's in the bag? 
Comment and find out. 
We'll pick 10 winners before midnight., Flowers and froyo for the awesome administrative professionals at Orange Leaf HQ!, Reduce, Reuse, Recycle. 
Happy Earth Day!, Our new Banana froyo is too good to keep to yourself. Share it with the world before it's gone. #iloveorangeleaf #yearoftheflavor, This just in from the Easter Bunny., Froyo Friday Fan Photo. 
Chocolate, anyone?, Choose wisely., Sprinkles are always a good choice., Fill your cup with froyo and toppings for $4.15 on 4/15. See what we did there?, Fill your cup for $4.15 on 4/15. Don't forget to claim the Offer HERE tomorrow!, Fresh and Fruity for Froyo Friday., Oh snap., Would you like some Banana froyo with those toppings?, This is what we call a serving suggestion., There's no wrong way to Orange Leaf. 
Unless you haven't tried our new Banana froyo. 
That's just wrong., Banana froyo with a cherry on top. That's practically the same as serving of fruit, right?, OK, but really. NEW Banana made with REAL bananas is NOT a joke., null, You'll go monkeys for our NEW Banana froyo made with REAL bananas!, May the best spoon win. #FinalFour, This is where you need to be. Eating Pistachio. Earning double points., Dare to try something different today. Go ahead, we Pistachio dare you., Made you look., All hail the waffle (cone)., Pistachio is here to stay, but Double Points are not.
Hurry up and register already., "Let me take a selfie." - Mr. Mustachio, A masterpiece worthy of double Ounce Back points. 
Register your card and rack 'em up before the month's over!, "Welcome spring with a delicious cup of me." - Mr. Mustachio, "See you at tip-off." - Mr. Mustachio, "Just a trim today." - Mr. Mustachio, Don't wear green today. Eat it., Happy St. Patrick's Day from Mr. Mustachio., "Hangin' with my bros." - Mr. Mustachio, Froyo Friday's look, inspired by Mr. Mustachio., We like to say it's shell-shockingly delicious. What do you think of our new and improved Pistachio?, "I like my froyo served with Double Points." - Mr. Mustachio, This Ghirardelli-loving, froyo-eating, Orange Leaf-going fan just won a free trip for two to San Francisco! (This might be a good time to become her best friend...) 
Congrats, Brenda!, What happens when you ask people to Mustachio themselves? 
They do it. And it's hilarious., All. March. Long.
 
1. Get Ounce Back Card. 
2. Register Ounce Back Card. http://bit.ly/1kRyykY
3. Earn Double Points on Ounce Back Card., Froyo Friday shenanigans with Mr. Mustachio., Only registered members. 
Only this month.
Only at Orange Leaf., Have you met Mr. Mustachio Pistachio?, null, It's here. And its got a personality all its own., null, Remember when we said Chocolate made with Ghirardelli would only be here for a limited time? Well, time's almost up., Every ounce of froyo counts. Grab some Chocolate made with Ghirardelli before it's all gone., It's been said that Chocolate made with Ghirardelli might be the best thing to happen to froyo since orange spoons. 
We don't disagree., You buy Chocolate made with Ghirardelli. 
We give you the chance to go to San Francisco. 
Yes, it's that easy., ...and on #FroyoFriday, it's the only major food group that really matters., null, Tag this photo with the friend who's buying your froyo tonight., Wanna go to San Francisco? Try our newest flavor, Chocolate made with Ghirardelli, for the chance to win a FREE trip for two! 
See full details at orangeleafyogurt.com/contest, This., Happy Valentine's Day from this precious couple at Orange Leaf., The greatest love story ever told., Preparedness is key to a happy Valentine's Day. 
Take some Chocolate-made-with-Ghirardelli froyo to go and own this holiday., Chocolate Fact #47:
Research suggests an extract of cocoa may be more effective than fluoride at keeping your teeth healthy. 

So does that mean 4 out of 5 dentists recommend Chocolate-made-with-Ghirardelli froyo?, Chocolate-made-with-Ghirardelli froyo.
Walnuts.
Marshmallow creme.
Chocolate sauce. 

Rocky Road, anyone?, Chocolate Fact #472: 
The melting point of cocoa butter is just below the human body temperature, which is why it literally melts in your mouth.

Now, time for Chocolate froyo made with Ghirardelli., U.S.A., Do you love chocolate? Of course you do. 
Do you love to travel? If you're cool. 
Do you love free stuff? Dumb question.

Try our NEW flavor, Chocolate made with Ghirardelli, for the chance to win a FREE trip for two to San Francisco! Check out the details on our website., null, It's here - but only for a limited time. Come try our new flavor, Chocolate made with Ghirardelli, today! 
Oh, and enter to win a free trip for two to San Francisco. Details here: http://bit.ly/1inu1SS, Enjoy the game! (without breaking any copyright laws), null, Because we like to make you hungry., The month of Salted Caramel is almost over, but the Year of the Flavor has just begun.
Prepare your toppings for awesomeness, people., null, Salted Caramel froyo.
Banana slices.
Chocolate chips. 
Coconut.
Enjoy your Monday., You're almost out of time. Register your Ounce Back card and get to Orange Leaf ASAP. Double points through Saturday!, The Froyo: Salted Caramel and Cheesecake 

The Toppings: Cheesecake bites, graham cracker crumbs and a cherry 

The Result: Salty-sweet perfection, null, Double points, 
Double points, 
Double double points points. 
Double points for registered Ounce Back members this week only!, Only this week. Only registered members.
Don't miss out - register your Ounce Back card online today! 
http://orangeleafyogurt.com/ounceback/register, This is Maria. She rocks Salted Caramel froyo with caramel sauce and chocolate covered pretzels.
What's your salty/sweet masterpiece look like?, Ever wonder how we test our new flavors?, null, Salted Caramel Froyo: to top, or not to top?, Salted Caramel Froyo Cookie? You better believe it., It could go either way..., Happy Froyo Friday. May your weekend be delicious., null, null, It's salty. It's sweet. It's perfect. You're gonna want to try this., It might be weird, but hey, it works. And so does Salted Caramel., You made it through Monday. Now dig into some Salted Caramel goodness., Thank you, random foods that go together, for making things like Salted Caramel froyo possible., Room for one more. What's your pick?, 2014 is looking pretty sweet. And salty... 
Try our NEW Salted Caramel froyo before it's gone!, Let's start this new year off right., Here's to a new year filled with new flavors!, Some of you guessed it. All of you will love it. NEW Salted Caramel is here!, null, Prepare your taste buds for a year of awesomeness., Time to cash in those gift cards., Merry Christmas from all of us at Orange Leaf!, Dreaming of a froyo-filled white Christmas., We're making a list and checking it twice. What's your favorite froyo/toppings combo, naughty or nice?, It's the moMINT of truth. Which one do you crave?, Slip a little Orange Leaf under the tree., Last call for holiday movie quotes this season! We’re ending with a classic since the Big Man is almost here…tell us your favorite quote from “The Santa Clause.” Go!, That moment when you realize there's only one week left., Rudolf the Red-Nosed...spoon., Froyo Friday Flavor Face-Off: 
Peppermint. Chocolate Mint. White Chocolate Mint.
Who's your favorite?, Spreading holiday cheer. And undeniable cuteness., Just when you thought this holiday season couldn't get any better, ”Home Alone” is now playing non-stop on TV. Share your favorite quote from the classic Christmas flick here!, Last week we showed off 8 of our craziest froyo builds on Instagram. Check out all of them here: http://bit.ly/19fHwkU (And be sure to share your own!), Trimming the tree, Orange Leaf style., Congrats to our final Stay Chill winner, Heather, who submitted this pic of Brendan stylin’ and reclinin’ with his froyo. Enjoy your free Orange Leaf!, Did you stock up for this winter storm?, Winter flavor alert: White Chocolate Mint. It's new. And it's delicious., We’re pretty confident Buddy would list Orange Leaf as one of his main food groups. What’s your favorite “Elf” quote?, It's Giving Tuesday - and Team No Kid Hungry is SO close to reaching their goal of $25,000! Check out their Facebook page to learn more about how you can give AND win cool prizes like an Orange Leaf gift card!, Congrats to Jessi for winning free froyo! Keep the pics coming for YOUR chance to win too. Just take a pic and post it on our Facebook page. But hurry - this is the last week!, Don't forget to treat yourself, too., Happy Thanksgiving from all of us at Orange Leaf!, Tomorrow is Thanksgiving. 
These are Froyo Pies. 
You're welcome., Keep sharing your Stay Chill photos with us!

Take a pic with your Orange Leaf, post it on our wall and cross your fingers...you might just win free froyo., Can you balance an Orange Leaf spoon on your nose? If so, FREE Orange Leaf froyo could be in your future. Check out what's happening on the Orange Leaf 3 for Free promo page for instructions on how to get 3 free ounces of froyo., Make the season bright(er)., This group makes $80,000 look even better! 

Our CEO, Reese Travis, presented a check to Share Our Strength's No Kid Hungry campaign today in Indianapolis.

Thank you to all of our fans for supporting this important cause!, Now this is what we call a chill party! Congrats to Kerri for winning free Orange Leaf. 

We’ll pick another winner next week so keep posting your pics on our Facebook page!, May your holiday cup be filled with Orange Leaf minty goodness this season. 

Instagram Credit: @chessibelle, 'Tis the season! Favorite quote from "Christmas Vacation"...and GO!, #iloveorangeleaf, Join Amy in the Stay Chill Winner's Circle! Keep submitting pics of you and your friends. Show us how you "stay chill" with Orange Leaf for a chance to win free froyo!, Can't decide between our three winter flavors? It's OK. We have cup dividers for that., What's your favorite?, Embrace the cold, don't fight it! 

Show us how you “stay chill” with Orange Leaf for the chance to win $25 of free froyo for yourself and five $10 Orange Leaf gift cards for your friends! 

1. Take a pic with your Orange Leaf 
2. Post it on this page
3. Enjoy your froyo, Is it snowing where you are? Because it is at orangeleafyogurt.com!, Thank you to those who have served and sacrificed for this country., null, Holiday flavors are almost here. Are you ready?, It's basically perfect in every way., Love fall. Love froyo., Winter is on its way. Get your fall froyo before it's gone!, Happy No Shave November., null, Happy Halloween! 

Head over to Twitter and Instagram for more tricks and treats!, null, Celebrating National Candy Corn Day with this fall froyo masterpiece., Got your costume yet?, Too much? Never. It's Froyo Friday!, This is froyo. And it's awesome., How do you take your Orange Leaf to go?, Gang's all here., Froyo Friday Fall Flavor Face-Off., Is your freezer happy?, How do you top off your favorite fall froyo?, The Swirl: Pumpkin Pie and Cheesecake 
The Toppings: Caramel sauce and graham cracker crumbs 
The Result: A froyo-induced state of awesomeness, Froyo Cookie? We think yes., Don't carve. Spoon., Choosing the right filter is almost as important as choosing the right toppings. #fallflavors, Oh yes we did., What's your favorite fall froyo flavor at Orange Leaf?, Who needs a latte when there's Pumpkin Pie froyo?, You may need to sit down for this., In case you don't have a calendar, today is the last day to #GoOrange for #NoKidHungry. Buy a cup, snag a coupon and help end childhood hunger in America!, It's not too late for you to #GoOrange! Check out how you can donate to #NoKidHungry at www.orangeleafyogurt.com/donate., Don't miss out on this month of amazingness, people. #GoOrange #NoKidHungry, Swag it out for #NoKidHungry at Orange Leaf. 

Only a few days left to get your $1 limited edition #GoOrange souvenir cup and help end childhood hunger in America!, Our awesome team from Orange Leaf of Laredo rocking it out for No Kid Hungry!, It's a party in NYC for @nokidhungry at our 300th store!, Special New York Event Notice: 
Pay what you want and support #NoKidHungry at an Orange Leaf near you Thursday 3-9 p.m.!, Fall is on the wall. Which flavor have you tried?, You got the perfect cup. Now what flavor will you choose?, Dine out for #NoKidHungry this week! Find participating restaurants in your area here: http://ow.ly/2fhoI, "Have cup. Will travel." 
Grab some froyo and #GoOrange with us this weekend!, We're on Team #NoKidHungry. Are you?, Don't have to tell us twice., Paws up for #NoKidHungry!, Show us how you #GoOrange for #NoKidHungry!, Let's #GoOrange for #NoKidHungry!, Buy a cool cup. Help end childhood hunger., Get your limited edition #GoOrange cup for $1 and support #NoKidHungry in the fight to end childhood hunger in America!, Happy Labor Day, America., It's time! #GoOrange for #NoKidHungry this September at Orange Leaf!, null, No matter the team, we're ready for game day. #froyodivided, Everybody Loves...Orange Leaf., Like a boss., We say, "Orange Leaf"
You say, "____________", Two spoons? No way we're sharing that. #froyofriday, This September, all Orange Leaf locations nationwide will #GoOrange for #NoKidHungry. Wanna know what that means for your froyo? Stay tuned., Just spicing things up a bit. www.orangeleafyogurt.com, Can't decide? Divide., Down by the bay., Oatmeal Cookie or Snickerdoodle? Grab a divider and love them both., Soak up summer before it's gone., To divide, or not to divide?, Two more fans are battling it out on Instagram. Their froyo fate is in your hands. 

Follow @myorangeleaf and vote!, Would you like some froyo with those toppings?, Rethink your after-school snack routine., BEST. BIRTHDAY. EVER., It's a bad week to be a spoon., Double divider. Mind blown., This or That is back! Follow us on Instagram and vote! http://instagram.com/myorangeleaf, null, It's Friday. Eat Froyo., And you thought you had options before., The cup divider in action., Ask and you shall receive., Band together. #orangeleafswag, Got plans this weekend? Now you do., Happiness in a cup., Ultimate froyo/toppings combo... GO!, Fear not. Orange Leaf has an app., Let's do this thing. #royalfroyo, Dig in. It's the weekend., Summer Lovin', Come in for a sample. Leave with a bowl. #RootBeerFloat, Even the spoon is tasty., Better get it while you can. #rootbeerfloat #iloveorangeleaf, Man's best froyo., Just a #selfie at the pool., So fresh and so froyo., Happy times at Orange Leaf. #summer, Snap a pic of your #rootbeerfloat experience and tag it with #iloveorangeleaf to show it off., Well? Have you? #summer #rootbeerfloat, #happyfourth #iloveorangeleaf, This is how you justify Orange Leaf for breakfast., No toppings required. #RootBeerFloat, Some of you guessed it. Now all of you can try it! #RootBeerFloat, null, Deliciousness is in the details. #froyo #toppings, Happy National Sunglasses Day. #summer #orangeleafswag, Kids say the darndest things (about Orange Leaf)., Just chillin' #summer #iloveorangeleaf, Are you ready for July? #newflavor, One cup to rule them all... #froyobaggins, Le froyo! Oui oui! #froyofriday #fanpic, July 2013. Nationwide. Get pumped., What about you? #iloveorangeleaf, How do you Orange Leaf?, What's on your list of summertime activities?, Happy Monday., Happy Father's Day from Orange Leaf!, How are you topping off this Froyo Friday?, Who needs video games?, How's your summer going?, What's your favorite?, Warning: potential side effects include intense brain freeze., Worm or Bear?, Is it just us, or do waffle cones taste good with every flavor?, Instagram it. Tweet it. Pin it. Just show us that froyo!, Why do YOU love Orange Leaf?, Subliminal message alert., The art of froyo., Just a little update on recent froyo happenings., You don't have to be a kid to love froyo, but you do to look this cute eating it., You never cease to amaze us., Happy Memorial Day!, Orange Leaf, table for three., Got a little somethin' on your nose there, buddy., Our Oklahoma stores are coming together to donate a portion of this week's sales to the Moore, OK tornado relief efforts. If you're not in the area, but are looking for a way to help, here are some great resources that are all making a difference in our hometown: http://www.ok.gov/okstrong/Donation_Information/, As an Oklahoma City-based company, we feel for all those affected by today's destructive tornadoes. Stay safe everyone., Fresh and Fruity for Froyo Friday., Spoon's got moves., null, And you thought today was just another Wednesday., Toppings aren't always necessary..., Almost too pretty to eat. Almost.

Instagram credit: @sierrabreannexx, Happy Mother's Day from Orange Leaf!, Be the favorite. Give her Orange Leaf., Treat. Yo. Self., No judgement here., Name this colorful creation from Orange Leaf NYC:, Happy Teacher Appreciation Day!, Say 'thank you' with Orange Leaf!, Fill your cup! It's Froyo Friday!, Sprinkles make it a party., Go ahead. Pig out., Congratulations, you have a reason to eat froyo., We see mascot potential. 

Awesomeness credit: Rob Bryan, Let's get this weekend started., null, There's always a reason for froyo., For the one who keeps it all together., Simplicity wins this round. 

Instagram credit: @sandyc313, Happy Earth Day!, We always say yes., You asked, we delivered. That's right. Dole Orange and Dole Pineapple are now dairy free!, Show us how you celebrate at Orange Leaf!, null, Have you tried our new flavor?, Our thoughts and prayers go out to all those affected by today's tragedy in Boston., Froyo Friday (new) Flavor Face-Off:

Chocolate Cake or Carrot Cake?, What are YOU celebrating this month?, Celebrate your siblings (for once)., Disclaimer: We do not recommend serving froyo to bunnies., This is how we party., Who's up for a swim?, Who needs cake when you have froyo? Happy Birthday to us!, null, We like to party. And this month, we've got a pretty good reason..., We're a fun bunch., Who's tried it?, You waited. You debated. You anticipated. Here it is, folks! No foolin'., Seriously, though. Are you ready?, Oh, the suspense., What could it be?, Nom nom nom., Did we make your list?, It's rough, we know, but the day's not over yet., Sorry, pancakes. No froyo for you., 500 bucks? That could buy a whole lotta froyo... Keep swiping for your chance to be this week's winner!, Winning., New season, new froyo. Keep an eye out for spring flavors coming spoon!, Double the points means an excuse for double the froyo, right?, Orange Leaf Wayland and Orange Leaf Harrison are on the map!, The Froyo: Wedding Cake and Strawberry

The Toppings: Strawberries, angel food cake, white chocolate chips, whipped cream

The Result: A perfect strawberry sundae, Orange Leaf style, Celebrate the "Lick" o' the Irish at Orange Leaf., What's that hiding there? Oh, it's just the $500 our Week 2 winner just scored. Keep swiping for your chance to win next week!, Choose your chocolate., Better than Pi. Get it? 

Instagram credit: @beckris, Get your swipe on, people. We're picking another lucky registered Ounce Back member this Friday!, Ounce Back members dubbed these our top flavors of all time. Which one can't you live without?, Just in time for Double Points Tuesday!, null, Hey there, beautiful. Where ya been all my life? 

Instagram credit: @alannahrosee3, Don't be late to Orange Leaf tomorrow., We picked a WINNER! This week's highest swiper hails from Orange Leaf Aberdeen. Jealous?

Keep swiping for the chance to be our next lucky fan!, 'Share' this with the person buying your froyo tonight.

Instagram credit: @imjade_nuffsaid, It's a great day to kick back at Orange Leaf.

Instagram credit: @juliarae5, Don't waste your time looking for four-leaf clovers. All you need is an Ounce Back card., For the visual learners., It's time to get excited, people., They make eating froyo possible. So, obviously, we think they're awesome., Don't even try to act like you don't want that boba.

Instagram credit: @lucky1111, The holy grail of froyo.

Instagram credit: @laugh_it_up_now, Custom just got a little more creative..., Orange Leaf NYC combined their love of froyo and fashion while watching the The Oscars 2013 - 85th Academy Awards last night. Which flavor outfit is your favorite - Kelly, Jessica or Hugh?

https://www.facebook.com/media/set/?set=a.507959065921455.138596.471591206224908&type=1, We refer to it as a perfectly engineered froyo-shoveling utensil of greatness.

What do YOU call it?, What's missing?, If you didn't want froyo before, you definitely want it now., Double up! It's Double Points Tuesday. 

Instagram credit: @davidsilva, Hail to the Chief., It's like...whoa. 

Froyo Friday shout out: @chiquanmccallie, "Like" it for yourself. "Share" it with the one you love., Because you know it's true..., Skip the King Cake., null, How convenient for our stores in the Northeast that snow looks remarkably like froyo when shoveled into a giant cup., null, Feeling the love yet?, Happy National Frozen Yogurt Day! We've got plenty to celebrate., This guy used his Ounce Back card to get double points today. Did you?, null, How do YOU stay connected?, We're on team Orange., This month is all about love. For Orange Leaf, that is., Going for a store record., Gummy bears, reporting for toppings duty.

Instagram credit: @haveagansett, Orange Leaf has all the answers. 

Instagram credit: @desiok, Posting this photo just in case "Lick" this post becomes an option on Facebook.

Twitter credit: cmelv121, If faced with this difficult froyo decision, would you go with: 

A) Wedding Cake
B) Birthday Cake
C) Brownie Batter

Instagram credit: @scturns, Looks like a froyo safari. Yum!

Instagram credit: @taylorriggs12, If only the spoon were a diving board...

Twitter credit: @alyxayer, null, Thanks for your patience everyone! (And yes, it's supposed to say 2013...whoops!), null, Your emailed coupons are coming, dear registered Ounce Back members! We're just giving our stores a little time to get open ;), Today's the day you eat for free! If you're a registered Ounce Back member, that is. Check your email for the exclusive coupon before you dig in!, Don't freak out. There's still time.

...but actually there's not a lot of time left. So get on it. 

http://bit.ly/Us8DxX, Runaway worm, headed for the weekend.

Instagram credit: @keylabean, Told you we love registered members... http://bit.ly/Us8DxX, Can't have too much froyo., You're about to have a new favorite holiday., Party like it's your birthday., Register your Ounce Back card online. We can't think of a better way to spend 74 seconds. http://bit.ly/Us8DxX, En Garde!

Instagram credit: @sophieleming, Ounce Back card in the background? It's as if they knew. http://bit.ly/Us8DxX 

Instagram Credit: @lavidavero94, Whether registered last year, registered today or registered Jan. 22nd, you're getting a free cup of froyo on National Register Your Ounce Back Card Day.

Yes, we made up a holiday to give you free stuff., null, Awesome things are happening this month - and registered Ounce Back members are going to know about them before anyone else.
Make sure you're one of the cool kids. http://bit.ly/Us8DxX, Gotta sneak a little cookie dough in there. 

Instagram credit: @yaisethdel11, New year, new stores!, Cheers to froyo in 2013!, Have a safe and happy New Year's Eve from all of us at Orange Leaf!, Lucky enough to get one of these bad boys? Turn it into froyo this weekend!, Let's go halfsies.

Instagram credit: @imjbd, Post-holiday blues? We'll perk you up.

Instagram credit: @art93king, From Orange Leaf, with love., null, And on the twelfth day of Orange Leaf...we gave 12 days of Orange Leaf! That's right, one of our registered Ounce Back members just scored ALL the days' prizes PLUS the grand finale gift card worth 12 days of free froyo. It's been fun!, What does this final day hold for one lucky registered Ounce Back member? You'll see., Dear awesome registered Ounce Back member of the day,

Enjoy the swag. 

Love, 

Orange Leaf, On the eleventh day of Orange Leaf..., Day 10! Day 10! http://bit.ly/Us8DxX, On the tenth day of Orange Leaf..., It's like...what could we possibly add tomorrow? Happy 12 Days! http://bit.ly/Us8DxX, On the ninth day of Orange Leaf..., We thought this was cooler than eight maids a-milking. Congrats to another registered Ounce Back member!, On the eighth day of Orange Leaf..., Seven days worth of Orange Leaf swag just went out to one lucky registered Ounce Back member. Not too shabby., On the seventh day of Orange Leaf..., Only halfway there and already this awesome?!, On the sixth day of Orange Leaf..., As if you needed a reason..., Day 5. Looks like it's gonna be a good one. http://bit.ly/Us8DxX, On the fifth day of Orange Leaf..., Day 4. Pretty sweet if you ask us. Congrats to another one of our faithful registered Ounce Back members! http://bit.ly/Us8DxX, On the fourth day of Orange Leaf..., It is with heavy hearts that we offer condolences to all those affected by today's tragedy in Newtown, CT., And the prize gets even cooler. Shout out to our Day 3 registered Ounce Back card winner. You could be next. http://bit.ly/Us8DxX, On the third day of Orange Leaf..., null, Day 2 revealed! One of our awesome registered Ounce Back members just scored this swag. Jealous? www.orangeleafyogurt.com/ounceback, null, The 12 Days of Orange Leaf has begun! We're randomly selecting one registered Ounce Back member each day to win free swag for being awesome. 

Our Day 1 winner is getting the stuff in this pic. Our Day 2 winner will get the stuff in this pic plus more. Our Day 3 winner will get the stuff in this pic plus more and some extras. Get it?, What could this possibly mean?! Stay tuned to find out. Oh, and you may want to register that Ounce Back card., This guy knows how to work a PJ Drive. Welcome to the team, Joe!, Congratulations to @oceanalharris for capturing this week's winning froyo concoction! 

Keep tagging @myorangeleaf on Instagram for your chance at a $25 gift card!, Ooey Gooey or Fresh and Fruity?

Comment "This" or "That" to help @djmartiann or @oceanalharris win a $25 gift card!, Spreading froyo cheer wherever we go., Every day is PJ Day at Orange Leaf. Bring in a pair for charity and get 3 oz free.

Instagram credit: star employee @kmbortnerr, Safety first. 

Instagram credit: @keely_potts, Popping Boba anyone? Congratuations to @real_hall for winning this week's Instagram Challenge! 

Don't forget to tag Orange Leaf for your chance at a $25 gift card next week!, This was a fun one., Time to tell us This or That! Vote with your comment to help Instagram's @b_baaby or @real_hall win a $25 gift card!, This is how Orange Leaf does a PJ party. Orange Leaf - Cypress Hwy 290, Not too shabby, Orange Leaf Myrtle Beach, It's funny 'cause they're spoons. And spoons can't really talk. Get it?, Now collecting PJs and really cute babies., Thanks for having us, East Greenwich!, THAT takes the cake! ...or rather, the froyo. Congratulations to @emmayounis for her winning Instagram pic!

Post photos with #iloveorangeleaf for your chance to win a $25 gift card next week!, It's in your hands. Comment This or That to help @caylaiscrazy or @emmayounis win a $25 gift card!, Happy Thanksgiving from our table to yours!, Spoon People got jokes., Thinking caps: ON
How many ounces of froyo could fit in our giant PJ collection cup? 
Be the closest without going over and win some ounces for yourself!, Here we are!, Congrats to @taylatuesday for snapping this week's winning pic! 

She's got a sweet $25 gift card coming her way. You want one too? use #iloveorangeleaf on Instagram and you just might., What a beautiful sight. 

Instagram credit: @jimlicko, Instagram head-to-head! Vote This or That to help @taylatuesday or @breighjusino win a $25 Orange Leaf gift card!, Boom., Feel the intensity., What, you thought we'd collect PJs in a boring box? Come on., What's a PJ Drive? Watch and find out., Congratulations to @ig_md34 for THIS winning pic! 

She's getting a $25 gift card for her masterpiece. Want one for yours? Use #iloveorangeleaf on Instagram and you might get lucky., null, Which one deserves YOUR spoon? Vote with a comment to help @ig_md34 or @mikekinion win a $25 Orange Leaf gift card!, Love us some spoon art., Way to go, team! , Thanks for being awesome, America., Don't forget to VOTE! ...for your favorite flavor, that is. Download our app and tell us what you want to try next!

But also, seriously, go vote., Have you found YOUR Orange Leaf yet?, Froyo wins this round! Congratulations to @oldschool_kidd for his awesome Instagram pic. He just scored a $25 Orange Leaf gift card - and so could you. Use #iloveorangeleaf for the chance to duke it out next week., What's in your cup? Vote with your comment to help Instagram's oldschool_kidd or samikinz_00 win a $25 Orange Leaf gift card!, Spoon people, as interpreted by Instagram's @kyshrade., Trick-or-Treating is nice, but we prefer to get our candy from the toppings bar. Have a safe one, everybody!, Don't feel bad. They knew it was coming..., And candy corn takes it! Congrats to @levihunter19 for his winning Instagram pic! Use #iloveorangeleaf to show off your #spookyfroyo this week for the chance to claim a $25 gift card!, The Orange Leaf Family is keeping everyone affected by Hurricane Sandy in our thoughts. Stay safe everyone!, Which fall topping do you prefer? Vote with your comment to help Instagram's @levihunter19 or @skyler_hicks win a $25 Orange Leaf gift card!, If you could share your froyo with anyone, who would it be?, Call Chuck. We're open in Converse., Hey there, Anderson. Have you had your froyo today?, Topsy turvy and oh so sweet. 

Instagram credit: @aislyn_driscoll, "That" it is! Congrats to @dianadaniece for her winning Instagram pic! Submit yours using #iloveorangeleaf for the chance to go head-to-head next week!, This or That? Vote with your comment to help @laxer_ or @dianadaniece win a $25 Orange Leaf gift card!, Orange Leaf made it to New Hampshire! Come and get your froyo in Exeter!, Another one on the map!, Don't forget the cherry on top. 

Instagram credit: @hannahsnyder, Who's tried this one? Now, who couldn't get enough?, Votes are in! Congrats to @penguinabby for her winning pic of fall inspired froyo! Keep snapping away and use #iloveorangeleaf on Instagram for your chance to win next week!, Do you froyo with caramel or chocolate? Vote with your comment and help @penguinabby or @cara_eskimo win a $25 Orange Leaf gift card! Winner announced Monday!, This is what fall tastes like., Spoon sighting at Orange Leaf Headquarters!, What's your favorite thing about fall? Ours is new froyo, duh., Votes are in! Congrats to Sarah (@mrsmorgan7) for her shot of #OLYOatmealCookie! Next round: Fall inspired froyo creations. Use #iloveorangeleaf on Instagram for the chance to win!, VOTE!
Do you like your oatmeal cookies baked or frozen? Tell us in the comments below and help @taylorriggs12 or @mrsmorgan7 win a $25 Orange Leaf gift card in the first week of our Instagram Hashtag Challenge! Winner announced Monday!, Cheers. 

Instagram credit: @oheyzach, Too much? Never. 

Instagram for the chance to win free froyo: @myorangeleaf #OLYOatmealCookie, Can you style food like this fan from Orange Leaf Lake Charles? Prove it on Instagram! Follow us @myorangeleaf and use #OLYOatmealCookie for the chance to win free froyo!, "We're officially launching our Instagram channel -- @myorangeleaf! In celebration, we're asking our fans to submit photos each week based on a theme we'll announce every Monday. This week's theme is #OLYOatmealCookie! Throughout the week, snap your best Orange Leaf froyo-inspired images and submit them on Instagram using #OLYOatmealCookie. By Friday of each week, we'll post the top two images and from there, your votes on Facebook will decide the week's winner! (See official giveaway rules here [http://www.facebook.com/orangeleafyogurt/notes]), We've been a little busy..., What a great week for Orange Leaf! Lines out the door from 5pm-10pm in Canton, Mass. yesterday!! #OLY200 #iloveorangeleaf, Today more than ever, your Ounce Back card is your BFF. Today only get double points when you come in for froyo! #OLY200 #iloveorangeleaf, Orange Leaf is celebrating 200 stores, and we couldn't have done it without you! Enjoy double Ounce Back points on us TODAY ONLY!! #OLY200 #iloveorangeleaf, Trust us, seeing double is a good thing. Is your Ounce Back card ready for our big announcement? www.orangeleafyogurt.com/ounceback, Who wants more Ounce Back points? You do. Better get that card ready...  www.orangeleafyogurt.com/ounceback, If you don't, you should. If you do, register it. Trust us., Doesn't get much cuter than this., Frostee Rucker knows what's up. Birthday party at Orange Leaf!, Here's the froyo line-up in Sulphur. Have you checked what's swirling at your local Orange Leaf? http://bit.ly/MzpJrb, Sometimes the spoon just isn't enough., Oreo is celebrating their 100th birthday - but you get a present. Cookie Cake froyo is here!, Orange Leaf loves Oreo!, Party time! Meet our newest flavor: Cookie Cake, made specially for OREO! Happy Birthday to the world's favorite cookie!, It's almost party time – but we need a few more RSVPS. Like to find out what we're giving OREO for its 100th bday!, OREO is 100! Like to unwrap the birthday present and see how Orange Leaf is celebrating!, These froyo fans won a yogurt party for their submission to the FroZone. Enter today and you could win free stuff too! http://bit.ly/R9Iuqh, Look familiar?, 'Like' if you want it. 'Share' if you gotta have it., null, Now that's art., This is how you celebrate Froyo Friday at Orange Leaf Southaven., Don't forget to download this little gem., Eat froyo. Love froyo. Live froyo. http://bit.ly/R9Iuqh, Extended offer to satisfy popular demand. Get your souvenir cup this month for only $1!, Happy Labor Day from all of us at Orange Leaf!, Does your Froyo Friday concoction look this delicious? Show us! http://bit.ly/R9Iuqh, Go for it., Do you love Orange Leaf as much as this guy? Prove it., To sprinkle or not to sprinkle? That is the question..., Now this is what you call a laptop!, Made it to Tewksbury!, Even our froyo dreams about dessert!, Simple or Sassy?, The wait is over, Kingston!, Good till the last lick., What's up, Des Moines? Froyo has arrived., Granola or Gummy?, A little afternoon funny in honor of National Tell a Joke Day., They love froyo. How 'bout you?, Serving suggestion from Orange Leaf-Lawrence. Hungry yet?, Win free stuff. For loving Orange Leaf. And being awesome. http://bit.ly/R9Iuqh, Campfire not included., Our fans dominate the sport of eating froyo., Fill it up with froyo. Add a dollar to your total. Take it home. Be happy like @carliedanielle., When do you like to eat froyo?
1. Weekends
2. Weekdays
3. As often as humanly possible, You know you want one., She'll take your leftovers., Come celebrate with your friends at Orange Leaf!, Can you say Froyo Friday? , Oh, yeah. We're rockin' it in Seekonk, too., Check out our new store in Raleigh!, Thanks for the love! Keep it coming!, Have you found the key to happiness? Watch our Featured Fan's video at myorangeleaf.com/love and you just might., Say cheese! ...cake., In case you were looking for an excuse., No lactose? No problem., Check us out in Houston!, Check out this birthday boy at Orange Leaf Sulphur!, Didn't you know? Two is better than one., Let's get real. These guys are awesome. See more pics and submit your own at myorangeleaf.com/love., Welcome our new team in Myrtle Beach!, Dig in, Fort Myers!, Grab a spoon, West Allis., This Featured Fan loves Orange Leaf. Do you? Prove it at myorangeleaf.com/love., Hey look. It's Adam Sandler. In an Orange Leaf., Raise your spoon and thank a cow., Since it's Friday, the 13th - have you ever loaded your Orange Leaf froyo with 13 toppings or more? This person did!, Looks like our Kentucky friends found a friend in the topping bar!, Bring your own umbrella and call it a vacation., Think you have all the fun? Check out our corporate team's display of Orange Leaf love. #iloveorangeleaf, The perfect marriage of froyo deliciousness. What's your favorite swirl?, Not sure how to express your love of Orange Leaf? Find inspiration on the FroZone., Happy Froyo Friday to you, Grovetown!, West Omaha's got froyo. Do you?, Have a safe and happy Independence Day from all of us at Orange Leaf!, Forget sprinklers. New Lactose Free Dole Orange froyo is the way to cool off this summer., Email us at ilove@myorangeleaf.com with pics and vids showing us how, why, when and where you love Orange Leaf for the chance to be featured online and win free stuff!, null, For your Froyo Friday enjoyment., "Like" this if you've ever had Orange Leaf froyo for breakfast., Check out this concoction from Down Under! , It's summer. It's hot. Which froyo flavor helps keep you cool? For us it's a tossup between Dole Orange and Dole Pineapple..., Happy Froyo Friday, Lexingtonians!, Trust us. The froyo's wicked good here., The Mystery Flavor is a mystery no more… Meet Spoonberry! Out of 30,000 entries we couldn't choose between our two favorites: "Blue Spoon" and "Snozzberries." With only one flavor to name, we swirled the two together and are happy to award Ken Welty of Des Moines, IA and Olivia Reilly of Mooresville, NC with a year of free froyo each! Thanks to all who participated - we couldn't have named it without you!, Get excited. We're announcing the winner of our Mystery Flavor naming contest TOMORROW!, Come see us in St. Peters!, Happy Father's Day from Orange Leaf!, Dig in, folks. It's Froyo Friday!, We'll take the day the U.S. flag was adopted as a good excuse to eat froyo!, Where do you want to see this sign next?, Who's hungry?, Reward yourself for another Monday well done with a cup of froyo from Orange Leaf!, We've got your froyo in Seacrest!, Happy Froyo Friday, Wilmington!, Control your dessert destiny on the go., Hocus pocus, we're in Salem!, Don't worry. We haven't forgotten about that nameless flavor. In fact, we're going through almost 30,000 entries right now! Stay tuned for the announcement of our grand prize winner later this month!, Get excited, Newport. It's froyo time., Come get your froyo fix at our new store in Staten Island!, Come see us in Estero!, Add it to the map - we're in Naples!, A nationally recognized excuse to start your Froyo Friday celebration a little early., Time for froyo, Galveston!, Thanks for the warm welcome, San Marcos!, An 82 oz. creation like this requires balance, precision, dedication and one heck of an appetite. Think you can top it?, null, Happy Memorial Day from Orange Leaf!, Come on out for Froyo Friday in Rock Hill!, Your Orange Leaf. Your way. , It's a spoon! It's a shovel! It's a...great way to eat froyo!, School's out! ...so what should you do with all that free time? Eat more froyo, of course!, Your Orange Leaf is at MyOrangeLeaf.com!, ATTENTION: Orange Leaf's Mystery Flavor contest ends this Sunday! View full contest rules and submit your name suggestion at myorangeleaf.com/flavor or via our new mobile app for the chance to win FREE froyo for a year!, Already have the My Orange Leaf app? Good. Now make sure you've downloaded our latest update!, Too bad there's no froyo in Wisconsin...oh, wait. There is!, Wondering which of our 60+ flavors are at your local Orange Leaf today? Download our mobile app and find out!, Orange Leaf just got more awesome., Give Mom the sweet treat she deserves!, Congratulations to our weekly Mystery Flavor Naming Contest winner, Donna Myers of Madison, Mississippi! How does "Blue Light Special" sound?! Submit your ideas at myorangeleaf.com/flavor for the chance to be our next pick!, We're here!, Happy Nurses Appreciation Week!, Happy Teacher Appreciation Day from Orange Leaf!, In case you hadn't heard, we're rockin' it in Barboursville!, Congratulations to our weekly Mystery Flavor Naming Contest winner, Amy Bankston of St. Louis, MO. What do you think of "Yabba Dabba Blue"?! Submit your ideas at myorangeleaf.com/flavor for the chance to be our next pick!, Happy Cinco de Mayo! There's a froyo fiesta waiting for you at Orange Leaf., Here's to Froyo Friday!, What's on Orange Leaf's mind? Froyo, of course. What flavor are YOU thinking about today?, null, Feeling blue? Cheer up with a year's worth of free froyo! Submit your Mystery Flavor name suggestion at myorangeleaf.com/flavor today!, It's May Day! Sounds like a great excuse for froyo if you ask us ;), Congratulations to Amanda Stevenson of Lexington, Ky for being our first Mystery Flavor contest pick of the week! She got a $25 gift card - and you could too! Just enter your name suggestion at myorangeleaf.com/flavor. What's even better? The grand prize winner gets free froyo for a year!, Shovels up for Froyo Friday!, We love Louisville!, Help us name our new flavor for the chance to win free froyo for a year! But you've gotta try it first... Visit your favorite Orange Leaf store or go to myorangeleaf.com/flavor for more info!, Say thank you to the Administrative Professional in your life with an Orange Leaf gift card!, Thanks to your love, we made it to 50,000 Likes! That's a pretty big deal if you ask us., Check out the details and enter to WIN!, Try it, love it, name it. Submit your ideas to myorangeleaf.com/flavor for the chance to win!, null, Come and get it, Houston!, We made it to South Carolina!, Thanks for the awesome review! , Hey there, Shelbyville. We've got your froyo!, We're SO close to a whopping 50,000 likes! Think we can make it there today?, Happy Friday! May your weekend be filled with froyo., What's that? Another store in Indiana? You better believe it., We didn't forget about you, Greenwood!, Help us welcome our newest addition to the Orange Leaf family!, Didn't get enough Easter candy in your basket? We've got plenty on our toppings bar!, Have you had your Orange Leaf today?, Happy Easter from Orange Leaf!, Hope everyone's having a great weekend!, Say hello to froyo, Sarasota!, Come one, come all!, Top-down or bottom-up? How do you load treats into your perfect cup?, Shout-out to Coach Cal and his Wildcats! Orange Leaf Frozen Yogurt Kentucky, Taco froyo may have been a joke, but we've got plenty of other (more appetizing) flavors for you to enjoy. Come give them a try!, Who wants to try our newest flavor?!, This fan's creative combo suggestions are sure to satisfy your froyo craving. Check them out and share your own! , Who's eating their froyo in the sunshine today?, We've got froyo, yes we do. We've got froyo, how 'bout you?!, We've got new stores opening all over the place! Where do you want to see the next Orange Leaf? No promises..., Happy Froyo Friday! "Like" this post if you're celebrating the weekend at Orange Leaf!, If you were only allowed ONE topping on your froyo, what would it be? (Don't worry - this is purely hypothetical.), Who remembers their first cup of Orange Leaf froyo? Tell us about it!, Spring has sprung! Makes us want froyo. How 'bout you?, Happy St. Patrick's Day, Froyo Fans. Come get your green on at Orange Leaf!, Put a little luck in your cup., Alright, folks. The week's almost over. Who needs a froyo pick-me-up?, This good lookin' staff is ready for you, Waukesha!, Grab your Ounce Back card and hurry in - today is your last chance to get in on the Double Points madness!, null, Feeling less than springy after losing that hour of sleep yesterday? Come to Orange Leaf and we'll put the pep back in your step!, Come get your froyo in Mooresville!, We'll put ounces right back in your cup., Happy National Cereal Day! Toppings anyone?, It's National Frozen Food Day. We've got frozen yogurt. Nuf said., Ready? Register!, Way to go, Team!, It's Employee Appreciation Day! Office party after work? We think so., That's right, Harper's Point. It's froyo time., Happy National Peanut Butter Lover's Day! Load up and dig in., Helloooo El Paso!, What does Leap Day mean to Orange Leaf? More froyo for February, of course!, Got plans today? Now you do., It's National Strawberry Day! Come celebrate with our Strawberry Lovers mix:
1. Start with Strawberry and White Chocolate Strawberry froyo
2. Add a few fresh strawberries
3. Top it off with some strawberry syrup!, It's Froyo Friday! Who's got Orange Leaf on the brain?, Question of the day: How many flavors can you fit in one cup of froyo?!, We wanna see what you're eating today. Sweeten up our page with a pic of your favorite froyo! , It's Fat (Double Points) Tuesday!, Fill your cup in celebration!, Come celebrate with us at Orange Leaf!, Come check us out in Midland, Texas!, It may be Valentine's inspired, but this flavor is good everyday., Easy. Fun. Tasty., Happy Valentine's Day from Orange Leaf! Don't forget to treat your sweetheart to Cupid's favorite ;), Can you hear it calling your name?, Another one already?!, Come and get it!, We're the sweetest Valentine around., This combo will have you head over heels., Check out this sweet video!, Need we say more? Need we say more?, You know you want to., Let Orange Leaf put a little love in your life., Don't wait until February 14. Treat your Valentine (or yourself) today!, Just in case you were looking for an excuse to stop by..., The card is just the beginning...register and get even more!, Get your registration on!, Come here often? Get rewarded for it!, Shovels up! It's Double Points Tuesday!, It's a no-brainer., Come and get it!, ATTENTION: Ounce Back Members - Double Points Tuesday was such a success that you Froyo Fanatics nearly crashed our system! Due to a high volume of cards used on Tuesday, our system is still working to double all those points. We apologize for any frustration and promise you WILL be rewarded. Now we know what it takes to keep up with you!, Don't miss out! Get your Ounce Back card today!, Get even MORE ounces back. Go to orangeleafyogurt.com/ounceback and register today!, Don't forget to use your Ounce Back card today for double the rewards!, Happy Martin Luther King Jr. Day from all of us at Orange Leaf!, Orange Leaf for lunch? Why not?! It's Friday!, Welcome our newest addition to the froyo family!, What's that? Another store?!, Enjoy the froyo, Houma!, Snack time at Orange Leaf? Sounds good to us! Come on by for an afternoon treat!, It's National Chocolate Covered Cherry Day! Come in and celebrate the froyo way with this tongue twister of a combination!
"Chocolate Covered Cherry Chocolate"
1. Start with some Chocolate Cherry froyo
2. Add a few white chocolate chips
3. Pile on some cherries
4. Drown the whole thing in chocolate syrup!, null, Have a safe and happy countdown tonight! See you in 2012!, null, Don't forget to stop by this weekend for your last froyo of 2011!, Were you lucky enough to get an Orange Leaf gift card this holiday season? Congratulations! Now come on in and enjoy the sweetest present of all - any way you like it!, It's National Fruitcake Day! Yeah, we're pretty psyched too. Celebrate the Orange Leaf way with some fruit-topped wedding cake froyo!, Ho! Ho! Ho! Merry Christmas from all of us at Orange Leaf!, It's Christmas Eve! Don't forget to leave some froyo out for Santa :), Bored this winter break? Going crazy at the mall? Take a load off and treat yourself to some Orange Leaf froyo!, Come check us out in Lake Mary, Florida!, Be the envy of every Secret Santa., In case you're looking for an excuse to indulge, we've got a good one. It's National Chocolate-Covered Anything Day! Hurry in and celebrate with us!, The froyo way to enjoy a holiday classic. Come in today for a taste of jolly goodness!, She may be nutty, but everybody loves her!, Twice as nice and doubly delicious. What's not to love?, Shout-out to our new store in Papillion! Congrats, guys!, null, Congratulations Orange Leaf Frozen Yogurt Australia! We're officially open Down Under!, Yes, the accent is real. Try some English Toffee froyo today!, He's no egghead! Have you tried this holiday favorite?!, What do your mom, teammates, best friend and hairdresser have in common? They'd all love an Orange Leaf gift card! (It's true...they told us.), We've gotta know. Are YOU Orange Leaf's No.1 fan? Tell us why!, This winter's flavors have personalities all their own! Who's your favorite Orange Leaf spoon person?, Check it out! We're in Lake Worth!, null, We all have a secret recipe. What's the most delicious froyo combination you've ever created? Bonus points if it includes a winter flavor!, We caught the Gingerbread Man! Come in for a taste before he gets away!, Shout out to our newest store in West Monroe! Come by and see us spoon!, The season is upon us! Which winter flavors do YOU love?, So much to be thankful for! Have a wonderful holiday everyone!, We're so thankful for all you froyo-lovers out there! What are YOU thankful for this holiday season?, Shout out to Orange Leaf customer Maddy Katz who lives every day giving back! Check out how Maddy and Orange Leaf Yogurt - Columbus, OH are working together to raise funds for Autism Speaks.  http://www.thisweeknews.com/content/stories/upperarlington/news/2011/10/19/teen-follows-her-motto-by-thinking-first-of-others.html , Happy day! We now have more than 40,000 fans on this page., Check out our recent blog to learn more about why we chose to support our troops through a letter writing campaign. You can still participate - just click on the link in the blog. , Feeling a little spicy today? So are we. Try our pumpkin pie froyo... yummy!, And another one is now open... Welcome Orange Leaf San Antonio!, And here they are… the 10 Perfect Cup winners. Congratulations on winning a year’s worth of free froyo!, For those of you who have been unable to visit an Orange Leaf store and write a letter of thanks to our troops, we have good news. We have extended the campaign through the end of November! Plus, you can now post letters online. Check it out., We want to thank all of you who took the time to thank the troops. Check out our own Katie Anderson’s pic of her dad’s homecoming from Saudi Arabia. We’d love to hear more stories and see your pictures of how service members have impacted your life. Take the time this Veterans Day to share your story., null, It is Veterans Day- 11.11.11 - and we are opening out 111th store. Celebrate our partnership with A Million Thanks by visiting any of our locations today to write a letter of thanks to our troops. What's your favorite "All American" froyo combo?, Thousands of U.S. troops are coming home but thousands more will remain overseas. Veterans Day is tomorrow and the perfect time to thank them for their service. Head into your favorite Orange Leaf for letter writing tools and tasty rewards., Gonna be in Louisville, Kentucky on 11.11.11? Stop by our newest Orange Leaf Frozen Yogurt Louisville location. It's our 111th. We'll be giving away a TON of free yogurt. Literally! What's your fave flavor? , Check out some of our littlest fans from Norman, OK sharing their letters of thanks to our troops and a some of their favorite froyo flavors. Don't you just love 'em!, We've had lots of excitement about this one! We are happy to share that Cleveland, TN is now open for business., Have you written a letter of thanks to our troops yet? , And another open in Indiana!  Congrats Noblesville!!, Another store open in Kentucky!  Congrats Louisville!, Do you have a loved one who has served the military? Or have you served in the military? We’d love to hear your story as we give thanks to the troops., "My son served in the The U.S. Army for 6 years in Special Ops. I was fortunate enough to have him complete his tours and return home safely. My best friend was not as lucky. We will forever be in debt to those who so bravely protect our country and NEVER forget all those who their ALL!"
--Debbie Henry, Orange Leaf Manager, Wichita, Kansas, Haven't written your letter of thanks yet? Hear what our troops have to say about receiving a letter from A Million Thanks then get in here to write yours.  http://bit.ly/scKBvS

By the way, have a favorite "red, white & blue" froyo combo? Share it here.
, "We respect the many sacrifices that our troops and their families make every day. They are true heroes and we thank them for the freedom we enjoy because of all veterans' contributions."
-- Larry Lehmberg, Orange Leaf Franchisee, Orange Leaf Ozark, It’s November – feeling thankful? Help us celebrate our new partnership with @A Million Thanks by heading to your favorite Orange Leaf today and writing a letter of thanks to our servicemen and women overseas and at home. Tools and rewards available in stores through 11.11.11. , Wanna make a kid smile? Give 'em a pumpkin, some candy and coloring books. That's just what the Kentucky Blood Center, WUKY-Radio and our very own Orange Leaf Frozen Yogurt Kentucky did last week for kids at Kentucky Children's Hospital as part of Operation Pumpkin. All month long, kids who visited Orange Leaf could decorate pumpkins for the kids at the hospital. So proud of their commitment to their community. Check out the story at http://bit.ly/ukuYBh
, It's Halloween!  Who's dressing up and coming into Orange Leaf today?  10% off when you show up in your costume!, Shout out to our newest location in Natchitoches!, No tricks with this treat!  Stop by Orange Leaf in costume starting today through the 31st and receive 10% off your froyo!  (at participating locations), Who's dressing up for Halloween? Come by Orange Leaf in costume for 10% off! Let's hear your costume ideas this year..., Take a look at the beautiful new mural at Orange Leaf Joplin, honoring the first responders following the Joplin tornadoes earlier this year., In honor of Extreme Makeover: Home Edition’s effort to rebuild Joplin after the devastating tornadoes earlier this year, Orange Leaf Joplin donated 50% of proceeds on Saturday to the Home Builder's Association Charitable Foundation!  We're proud of their dedication to restoring their community!, Favorite 2 flavor combo.  Go!, Friday Dance Party at Orange Leaf!  Ok, maybe not but you could dance while you eat some froyo.  We won’t laugh., It's Toppings Thursday! What topping would you like to see at Orange Leaf?, Who’s heading to Orange Leaf today?  What flavor are you having?, Are you following us on Twitter?  Tweet about us when you come in to Orange Leaf!  We love our fans! , Ok, you know you collect them.  How many Orange Leaf spoons do you have?, Another new store opening today! Welcome Orange Leaf Hyde Park!, So, how was your weekend in 1 word?  GO!, Big shout out to our newest store Orange Leaf Selma!, Not that you need an excuse for froyo, but..., Man Your Spoons! National Dessert Day is coming tomorrow, October 14th!, Hey St. Louis! We're Now Open on Kennerly Rd!  Come by and see us!, Have you heard of our new Rewards program?  Get your Ounce Back card today at your local Orange Leaf! http://orangeleafyogurt.com/ounceback, It's Toppings Tuesday!  What topping goes best with our fall flavor Pumpkin?, College Football & Froyo go hand in hand!  Head to Orange Leaf for some froyo following the big game today!, Smile and eat some froyo today!, Check the website for more info on the Ounce Back program., The time has come where you, the froyo consumer, shall be rewarded.  Introducing the Ounce Back card.  Every $10 you spend, you get $1 off.  Froyo Rewards Rock!  http://oly.publishpath.com/ounceback, Well aren't we silly!  We forgot 2 of our new fall flavors: Chocolate Caramel and Butter Pecan!  Try them today or one of our other great fall flavors: Pumpkin, Snickerdoodle & Caramel. Top it with Candy Corn and you have an awesome fall cup of froyo!!, Fill in the blank.  When I think of Orange Leaf, I want_____________, If you were a froyo flavor, which flavor would you be?  (Check out our list of flavors on the Menu section to the left), Check out our 100th store in West Des Moines!, Today is "Do Something Nice Day."  We think that means run to your nearest Orange Leaf and create a dessert masterpiece for you, and a friend.  Run, don't walk!, Check out our newest location that opened TODAY in Richmond Heights, Missouri!!, Fabulous Fall Flavor Lineup..., Happy Tuesday!  Get out and create your own masterpiece today!, On a scale of 1 to 18 toppings, how bad do you want a cup of yogurt right now??, null, null, Thanks for helping us make it to 100 stores...and counting!, Friday's Question of the Day..., We're so excited for our 100th store's Grand Opening TODAY in West Des Moines, Iowa!  All you Iowan's, stop by and sample some FREE FROYO!  https://www.facebook.com/pages/Orange-Leaf-West-Des-Moines/111181898987898, Hey Orange Leaf fans!  Who's excited for fall flavors coming spoon?!  Gotta love this time of year :), Hey FB!  If you have our APP then make sure you go and update it.  Happy Thursday!, Here's a little Froyo Fun...If you could only have ONE Froyo flavor for the rest of your life, what would it be?  Remember only ONE!  Tough to choose...good thing you don't really have to :), It's that time again!  Our weekly winners have been chosen for our Perfect Cup contest, which means you may have some FREE FROYO waiting for you in your inbox!, If you're looking for Gluten Free Froyo, look no further!  Check out our updated Nutrition Facts on our website.  Almost all our flavors ARE gluten free!  Now isn't that nice? :), Perfect Cup contestants, time to check your email! A few of you are last week's lucky weekly winners, which means you get a FREE cup of froyo!, Monkey Mudslide Explosion has taken over the lead by 100 votes in our contest now!  Have you entered the Perfect Cup yet? Don't forget that this is for FREE FROYO for an entire year!, We have 60 stores coming spoon!  Check it out and see if we are headed your way!  , Hi!  Favorite Orange Leaf flavor?  Readdddyyyyy!   GO!, Who's heading to Orange Leaf tonight?  Anytime is Froyo Time!, It's weekly winner time again! If you've entered the Perfect Cup Contest, check your email before lunch, you could have some free froyo waiting in your inbox!, Back to school and work today...but you can always brighten your day with some froyo!, OH ya, 3 day weekend!  Who's pumped for the holiday?!, null, Mid-Week Froyo Fun!  Are you a fruity or non-fruity flavor froyo fan?, So keeping with the Tuesday Toppings theme...what toppings would you like to see at Orange Leaf that we don't have?, Alright Orange Leaf fans, it's time to play Tuesday's Top Toppings.  What topping is the tops to you?  Go!, Have you entered the Perfect Cup this week?   It's FREE Froyo if you win. Can't get any better than that!, Hey Froyo Fans! Follow our sweet new blog to get the dish on cool things Orange Leaf is doing in the community!  , Curious to know...for those of you who have tried our new Cotton Candy flavor, what toppings do you put on it?, You know what else cures a case of the Mondays - WINNING! If you've entered the perfect cup contest, check your email to see if you're a weekly winner!, Who's having a case of the Monday's?  Come cheer yourself up with some Orange Leaf...because Monday's should be SWEET!, Hey FB fans...today's National Senior Citizens day! Spend some time with your elders and celebrate the Orange Leaf way with some tasty fro-yo!, Check out this great Q&A with Orange Leaf CEO Reese Travis., Check out Hannah's awesome entry - costumes and themes? We love it! Get crazy froyo fans, we're talking about a YEAR of free froyo here!, Have you downloaded our app yet? So far over 11,000 fans have downloaded it, 489 have entered our perfect cup contest, and 12,410 votes have been cast! Don't miss out on the fun, you could win free froyo for a YEAR! http://myorangeleaf.com , Perfect Cup participants - It's time to check your email! We are notifying the week 1 winners today! Winners get a free cup of froyo card at the local store where they entered their cup creation. 

Check back for winners every week!, We are growing and working hard to improve every part of our brand, starting with our new logo! You will notice updates online and in stores - all of which just means better service and even more locations for you to get your froyo on!, We could hit 10,000 votes today! Have you voted? Have you entered? Don't miss out on the fun! http://myorangeleaf.com/contest/, Who thinks they make the perfect cup of Fro-yo?  Prove it to us!  Check out all the awesome entries.  http://myorangeleaf.com/contest/, Celebrate National S'Mores Day today!  We have all the toppings to make the perfect Fro-yo S'more!, It's National Friendship Day!  Who's coming by with their BFF's today?, Hey OKC Fans!  Who's heading out to the new Outlet Shoppes for tax free wknd?  Come visit our Orange Leaf location there that's Now Open!, Wow, We have had over 5,000 people download the app this week!  Do you have it?  App it.  Click it.  Enter to.  Win It.  Lets see those perfect cups!  , So, what is the temperature where you are right now?  GO!, Do you like Orange Leaf?  Do you like Apps?  Do you like Orange Leaf and Apps?  Then download ours:)  , Check out this great combo from Chocolate Granny!  Download the app and enter your own awesome Fro-yo creation for a chance to win FREE FRO-YO!, Today is National Watermelon Day!  Have you tried our Watermelon Fro-yo flavor?!, It is a HOT one today! Who wants some blissful summer relief like ConfettiCakeQueen? Enter your creation this afternoon - you could win FREE FROYO for a year!, Can you make a better cup of yogurt than Morgan92290 - currently one of our top entries? Come by after work today and enter your favorite froyo creation!, Happy August All!  Did you know you can enter the perfect cup contest over 454,000 times.  Lets see those faces and cups of Fro-Yo.  Be creative and encourage friends to vote for you!  , Who's entering the perfect cup contest today?! http://myorangeleaf.com, Do you have the App yet? What's your favorite part so far??, Quick!  New Flavor ideas?  Ready, GO!, Coming in after lunch or FOR lunch? Don't forget to enter the contest like this little lady - you could win free froyo for a year!, Hey Perfect Cup contestants!  We want to see that cup and all of the goodness inside it! But, let's see those good looking faces too!  Remember to be creative and have FUN!  , How does the app work, you may be asking?  Well check out the website for more details! http://myorangeleaf.com/, Who loves free stuff?  Get the Orange Leaf app for FREE and you could win FREE fro-yo!  Doesn't get much better than that!, Download the NEW Orange Leaf app to enter the Perfect Cup Contest!  You could win FREE FROYO for a YEAR! Start entering today!, Download our App for the low, low price of FREE!!  Find Locations, Get Nutrition Info, and Enter the Perfect Cup Contest!!, null, Attention Froyo Fans! The MyOrangeLeaf App is here! Download it now for locations, nutrition info, and to enter our new Perfect Cup Contest!!, Check out our newest Orange Leaf fan!!! :), Check out the Orange Leaf article in last weekend's Daily Oklahoman! , Hey Orange Leaf fans!  Have you checked out our locations tab to the left on our FB page?  See all of our open locations AND where we'll be Coming Spoon!! :), Who has the biggest collection of Orange Leaf spoons?!?, It's quittin' time!!!  Come on by to Orange Leaf and cool off after work!, Who's up for Fro-yo today to beat this crazy heat?  What other things are you doing to stay cool this summer?, For all of our Arkansas fans, we're opening a location very soon in Rogers!!  Come check us out :), It's HOT HOT HOT outside!  Who's going to Orange Leaf today to cool off??!!, Hey FB Fans!  We need your help!  Please vote for Orange Leaf on the Tulsa Food Talk poll for Favorite Froyo in Tulsa!  Takes 2 seconds :) Thanks!!!, What's the weirdest combo you ever made, but it worked.  Let's hear about it!, Happy 4th America! Enjoy your day celebrating with family and friends!, null, null, Who's excited for a 3 day weekend!?  Stop by Orange Leaf and celebrate the 4th with some Fro-Yo! :), In honor of Independence Day, we want to know what flavor says America to you the most?, So what are your awesome holiday plans for America's birthday?  Who's adding Orange Leaf to the list?!, null, July 4th is almost here!!  Celebrate Freedom with Fro-Yo!!, Summer Summer Summer Time!  Come on in for some Fro-yo :), Favorite Toppings...Go!, It's the first day of Summer!!!  Come celebrate with some delicious frozen yogurt at Orange Leaf!!  What flavor say "Summer" to you?, Are you following us on Twitter as well as Facebook?  Tweet about us when you're indulging in our delicious frozen yogurt :) , Need a great Father's day idea? Treat your Dad to some Orange Leaf!, Friday + Froyo = Fabulous, Flavorable Fun!!  Come on by! :), Thanks for the great responses to your New Favorite Flavor.  Seems like Red Velvet & Brownie Batter are topping the charts!, Ok, It's time for "Name Your New Favorite Flavor".  Let's see which one claims the top spot.  Annnnnnd......Go!, Best way to beat those Monday blues: come in for some Froyo today!!, Hellooooo Friday!  Who's making Orange Leaf a part of their awesome weekend plans?, Today's National Best Friends Day!  Bring your BFF to Orange Leaf for some Froyo, tag us in a pic on FB and you could win some Free Froyo!, Record high June temps today across the country, yikes!  Come cool off with some tasty Froyo!  What flavor or flavor combos are you having?, Check out the sweet Orange Leaf story in Slice Magazine's June 2011 issue.  Pages 93-97., Whew, it's hot outside!  Who's heading in for some Froyo today?, Man your spoons!  Happy Fro-yo Day!, null, null, If Orange Leaf grew on trees, I would have a _____________ flavored Orange Leaf tree?  (just go with it), So, In 3 words, how was your Memorial Day Weekend?  GO!, Orange Leaf is a proud supporter of Panther Racing, the National Guard and driver JR Hildebrand.  Good Luck this weekend at the Indy 500!, If you live in the Cincinnati area and stop by area Orange Leaf on Monday, 10% of the proceeds will benefit the Cincinnati VA Medical Center., Like this if you Like US, weekends and monday's off!, Fans!  Lets help our New Iberia store out and give them some votes!  Way to go guys!, Happy Fro-Yo Wednesday!  Who is coming to see us?  What flavor are you looking forward to trying?, FAVORITE ORANGE LEAF FLAVOR!  READY? GO!  (OR FLAVOR COMBO), Wow, we got a lot of great spoon art.  We will pick a winner by 5PM CST today!  Thank you everyone who entered!, Check out the spoon art!  Send in your pics by Monday for a chance to win free Fro-yo!, Looks like we have got ourselves a spoon contest going on.  Keep them coming we will pick winners on Monday.  So, you've got the weekend to bring it!, ATTENTION FANS WITH SPOONS:  Post a picture of your spoon collection on our page!  Best and most creative spoon collection wins Free Fro-Yo.  No stealing spoons from the store either.  GO!, How many spoons do you have at home?  Honestly..., Who is up for some Orange Leaf tonight?  What flavor are you having?, Check out all the good our Lexington stores do every Sunday!  Way to go guys!  , Good Morning and Happy Mother's Day!  Bring Mom by today because her cup of Fro-Yo is half off.  Thank You Mom's!, A big shout out to our newest store that opened today  Orange Leaf Joplin.    Welcome to the Orange Leaf family!, Anyone at Orange Leaf right now?  Post some pictures!  Lets see ya!, Don't forget about Mom on Sunday!, Well hello Friday!  What is up for the weekend?  Orange Leaf?, Happy cinco de mayo or is it cinco de froyo?, Who is coming to see us on Sunday?, Attention all kids/dads/husbands/grandkids/lovers of Fro-yo!  Show MOM you love her with Orange Leaf.  She gets 1/2 off and you get all the glory!, Don't forget about Mom on her day!, Our Austin store Orange Leaf Plaza Volente grand opened in style last night.  Check them out and give them a like if you live within 100 miles of them!  They LOVE their facebook fans and show it by giving them FREE Fro-Yo!, So, what is going on this weekend?  Where is this awesomeness happening?, My Wednesday is ________________.   G-G-Go!, What is your favorite part of Orange Leaf?  Go!, null, What Orange Leaf flavor best represents you?  And why?  GO!, don't forget to follow us on twitter!   , Orange Leaf for dinner?  Anyone?  Which Store?, We love moms!  *at participating locations only :), If you could only have one flavor and one topping it would be _______ topped with ________.  GO!, So, How was the weekend in 1 word?  GO!, Who is up for some Orange Leaf today?  Which store are you going to?, Have you tried our new flavors yet?  Which ones?, If I could only eat 1 flavor of Orange Leaf it would be ________________., I eat Orange Leaf _______ times a week, New Flavors are now in season!  Check out a store near you and see what new flavors have popped up!, Man your spoons!  The Austin, Texas store is now open!  Stop by 11521 N. FM 620 Rd and receive 25% off your cup of Froyo!  (Today Only), 90 lucky fans just won free froyo!!! Check your email to see if you've won!, Our Facebook Fans Get Free Froyo promotion ends tomorrow.  Click the Free yogurt button on the left side of the page and enter your information.  We are picking winners 1st thing tomorrow!  Go!, Describe your weekend in 4 words or less.  Go!, Check your email, because 85 of you are winners!!, It's another FREE FROYO FRIDAY! Next week is the last week, make sure you've entered and spread the word to all of your friends!, Thank you for the flavor suggestions.  Taking every single one to heart including greats such as taco, chicken fried steak, flan, funnel cake, pepperoni pizza and last but not least all of the above.  Keep em coming!, Make up a flavor quick!  GO!, What is the weather like right now?  GO!, Toppings, toppings and more toppings... What is your favorite combo?, We have 30 new stores Coming Spoon!  Check the map to see if a store is coming to you.  If you don't see a store near you then where is near you?, This week I'm gonna________________!  (Enjoy Fro-Yo at Orange Leaf is a given.), Check your email because 79 Lucky Facebook Fans are WINNING! Happy Friday!, We hope everyone had a wonderful and safe St. Patrick's Day.  Thanks to everyone who posted pictures inside the store, winners will be announced shortly!  Thanks again and happy FREE FRO-YO FRIDAY!, A lot of our stores are offering a 25% discount today only for wearing GREEN!  That's it, just wear GREEN!  *participating stores only, We need to see more pictures of fans eating at an Orange Leaf, wearing green and eating Fro-yo!  Best pictures when FREE FROYO!!!!!, 1st picture posted to the wall inside a store wearing green eating Froyo wins FREE FROYO!  Lets go East Coast!!!!!, Rise and Shine it's Orange Leaf time:)  Wear green and get 25% off today at participating stores!  Don't forget to take a picture(wearing green) and post it on our wall(today) for a chance to win FREE FROYO!, Coming to a store tomorrow?  Post pictures of you wearing green and eating fro-yo on our wall and we will Reward the best picture with FREE FRO-YO., Don't forget to wear Green tomorrow.  Some of our stores are gonna save you a little too!, Don't forget - Tomorrow is St. Patty's day and all of our lucky customers wearing green get 25% off!, creeping closer to St. Patrick's Day...., Don't forget about us on twitter.  Oh, and don't forget about your local store on facebook and twitter.  , My weekend was __________________.  GO!, null, It's Friday and our fans are WINNING! Check your email to see if you're one of the lucky 74 fans this week!, null, Check it out!                                    *at participating stores only, Favorite Orange Leaf topping?  GO!, Have you clicked on the free yogurt tab on our FB page and entered your info?  Only 4 Fridays left for FREE FROYO!, Besides eat at Orange Leaf, today I will ____________________., My monday would be better if _____________., It's Friday and that means 83 LUCKY FANS JUST GOT FREE FROYO!!! Check your email to find out if you've won!, It's FRIDAY and that means ____________., Favorite 2 flavors combined?  GO!, Got a case of the Mondays?  Well we know just the thing!, The winners have been chosen!  Check your email to see if you've won FREE FROYO!, Its FRIDAY!  What does that mean?, We have a yogurt-load of new stores "Coming Spoon."  , Favorite Flavor?  Ready, Go!, Click the FREE YOGURT tab (left side, under our profile picture) of the page and enter your information for a chance to win FREE YOGURT!  You only need to enter once!  So if your a fan and have not done this then No FREE YOGURT for you:(, So, how did V-day work out for you?, Happy V-DAY!  Who has been to one of our stores today?  How was it?, Can you take 2 minutes and Vote Orange Leaf the best frozen treat? Thanks in advance wonderful fans and lovers of Orange Leaf!, Happy Valentine's Day!  Who is coming to see us today and where?, We're about to notify over 80 winners for this week! Check your email to see if you've won FREE FROYO!, 3 days and counting until the V-Day and it is FREE YOGURT Friday! Have you signed up on the Free Yogurt tab yet?, Facebook Fans!  Lets help our Tucson, Arizona store win best frozen treat!  Who is with us?, 4 days and counting to V-Day 2011, 5 days and counting.  Start dropping subtle lines to anyone that will listen., 6 days and counting!  Make your plans now!, 7 days and counting!  Who is coming to see us?, Follow us on twitter! , We're about to notify 78 winners for this week! Check your email to see if you've won FREE FROYO!, null, Fans:  A handful of winning cards that were sent out malfunctioned.  We have corrected the problem and every winner will be sent a new winner packet.  If your card did not work we are very sorry.  New cards will arrive soon.  Thanks for understanding and thanks for being such great fans of Orange Leaf!, It's time to check your email, because we just gave away FREE Froyo to over 80 people!, It's Friday - who knows what that means!?!, Start hinting at it now..., It's time to check your email because 84 winners just got FREE Froyo from Tacoma, WA, Branson, MO, Westfield, IN. Delray Beach, FL, Monroe, LA, Tulsa, OK, Wichita, KS, Wichita Falls, TX, Owasso, OK, Springfield, MO, Tyler, TX, Upper Arlington, OH, and Lawton, OK!

Don't see your city on this list? Don't worry, that just makes your chances better for next week!, We are about to give away a bunch of Free Frozen Yogurt.  Have you signed up on the Free Yogurt tab on our page yet?, This week we are giving away froyo to 80 WINNERS from Oklahoma City, Wichita, Cypress, Fayetteville, Little Rock, Mustang, New Braunfels and San Antonio! 

***Check your email to see if you've won!***, Congratulations to our 30 WINNERS from this week! Make sure you sign up on our Free Yogurt tab if you haven't yet, and tell your friends, next week we will give away even MORE free froyo! 

(If you are a winner you will be notified via the email address you used to enter.), FANS!  Who wants FREE Frozen Yogurt?  Uh, then click on the Free Yogurt tab above and enter your email address for a chance to win and get updates on more giveaways and Orange Leaf specials.  I said all of that in one breath.  Go!  Hurry!  Now!, Facebook fans!  Click on the Free Yogurt tab on our page and enter your email address for a chance to win FREE Frozen Yogurt!  Who likes FREE Frozen Yogurt?, It's National Chocolate Covered ANYTHING Day!  Come in and cover yogurt in chocolate toppings to celebrate!, Today is National Brownie Day! Come in and get some froyo with brownie topping to celebrate!, Who is coming to see us this weekend?  Have you tried our Holiday Flavors yet?, Check it out! 'Tis the season to eat yogurt! Now serving Gingerbread, Eggnog, and Peppermint flavors!, Are you following us on twitter?, Scary Good, Orange Leaf- Maui is now open!, Did you know when you talk about Orange Leaf Frozen Yogurt on Twitter, You Are FAMOUS!  Check it., Look for the Lee's Summit location to open in early December!, May we suggest this topping combination., Our 1,000th fan is living up to her name, Luckey.  Jaclyn Luckey is our 1,000th fan on Facebook and just won a $100 gift card to Orange Leaf.  Congratulations!, We have got you covered in the toppings department:), We don't judge, we consider you family!  RT @kristachesley: 4th time at orange leaf this week. Don't judge. #iloveorangeleaf, Who is coming to see us today?, We agree!  RT @dejohns3: Had the pumpkin pie yogurt tonight at Orange Leaf.  AMAZING!!!, Fans!  Help us reach 1,000 fans by Friday!  Spread the word about America's Frozen Yogurt!, You Fro Girl?  Oh Snap?  Enjoy!  RT @ChelsySnead: Chillin at orange leaf getting my weekly dose of fro-yo and capt'n crunch, Nice Collection! RT @krinma: Someone is growing her orange leaf spoon collection http://yfrog.com/63nkej, Will you suggest us to your friends?  We have big plans for our facebook fans!, Hey Facebook fans!  Follow us on twitter, WE agree!  Thanks :)  RT @hpattz17: Orange Leaf= DELICIOUS, This just in! We've launched our new website with updated menu, locations and franchise info! Check it out! http://bit.ly/orangeleaf, Who's craving Orange Leaf?, Who's coming to see us?  Before Dinner?  After?  As Dinner?, RT @kristenstryker: Wonderful date night with hubby, got a student discount at the movies (even after telling them we were older) and then went to orange leaf!, Has anyone tried the Pumpkin Pie Frozen Yogurt?  Thoughts?, Hey FB follow us on twitter too!, If this yogurt had a name, what would it be called?, What is your favorite flavor?, Going Orange all over the place!, Welcome to the Official Facebook Page of Orange Leaf Frozen Yogurt!, null, null, null)