List(Today's Staff Favorite at Kane's Donuts is Peanut Butter and Jelly Donuts!! Loaded with Black Raspberry Jam then topped with Teddy Peanut Butter!, This month Kane's is featuring a Honey Blueberry Pie Filled Donuts! Loaded with Blueberry Pie Filling then glazed with our real Honey Glaze!, Congratulations Britney winner of a Kane's Donut Cake! #kanesdonutsarelove #donutsarelove #kanesdonut #aprilfoolsday #kanesdonutscustomersrule, It's been a fun year for Kane's Donuts! Thank you Boston! Celebrating today at both Saugus and Boston Kane's Donuts!, Happy April Fools Day! Come celebrate our Boston Kane's being open One Year!! Lots of fun! Free raffles!! This is no Joke!!, So tomorrow is a big day at Kane's Donuts! The Delios Family has lots of surprises in store for our fantastic customers! Stay tuned for more information!! #kanesdonutsarelove #kanesdonutscustomersrule #donutsarelove #kanesdonuts, Tomorrow is April Fools Day but it will be no joke when you see what Kane's Donuts has in store for its customers!!!, Kane's Turtle Donut! A chocolate honey dip donut, frosted with caramel and dipped in heath bar crunch then drizzled with dark chocolate!, This little guy knows Kane's Donuts are Love! What cutie pie!! #saugus #internationalplace #kanesdonut #kanesdonuts #kanesdonutscustomersrule, Be the popular person at work today! Bring in a Kane's Honey Glazed Coffee Roll!! It's perfect to sweeten up a Monday morning!, Even the Easter Bunny knows Kane's Donuts are Love!! #kanesdonuts #donuts #donutsarelove #easter, Happy Easter!! Saugus Kane's is open!! Get in for some goodies!! #kanesdonuts #easter #donuts #donutsarelove, Happy Easter to all of our friends and customers who celebrate!! Kane's in Saugus is open today until 1 pm. Stop by for your Easter treats!!, Just want to say thank you to @shopthestreet and all the incredible people who we met at #thepopupproject ! We loved being in Chestnut Hill! This was a wonderful experience for all of us at Kane's Donuts!! Hope everyone enjoyed our donuts and coffee!! #kanesdonuts #shopthestreet #thepopupproject #thestreetchestnuthill, Today Saugus Boston and Chestnut Hill will be open! Easter Sunday only Saugus will be open from 3:30am to 1pm! #shopthestreet #kanesdonuts #donutsarelove #easter, Hey Boston need a delivery of delicious Kane's Donuts? @foodler @favor_boston @postmates, It's here!! Kane's Kronut Day!! Come in early for the most delicious treat you can experience!, Easter is on its way!! Place your orders! We will have lots of delicious donuts all ready for you!!, The count down is here!! Kane's in Chestnut Hill is only open until Saturday March 26th! Better get stop by while you can for the best donuts in the world!, This beautiful little guy knows that Kane's Donuts are Love!!, Try some of this months flavors! Pistachio and Sweet Honey Hibiscus Glazed Donuts! #shopthestreet #donutsarelove #kanesdonuts #easter #internationalplace, Hey Chestnut Hill we are only here until Saturday March 26th! 7am to 3pm!! Come pick up a 6 pack for last call! #shopthestreet, Easter is on its way!! If you need something for the dessert table just place an order! We will have plenty of yummy desserts!, Perfect day to stop by Kane's Donuts!, Chestnut Hill we are going to be open until Saturday March 26th until 3pm ! Come by for our delicious donuts!!, It's a great morning for Kane's Donuts and @peetscoffee ! Get it delivered Boston with @foodler  @favor_boston @postmates !!, Ok so they are saying some snow it a great idea to pickup a box of Kane's Donuts today!! #kanesdonuts #donutsarelove #sundaymorningbreakfast #shopthestreet, Kane's Staff Favorite today is Caramel Apple Donuts!!! #chestnuthill #shopthestreet #sundaymorningbreakfast #kanesdonuts #donuts #donutsarelove, Hey Chestnut Hill tomorrow is the last Sunday that Kane's Donuts will be open 7am to 3pm @shopthestreet ! We are leaving Saturday March 26th! Stop by and experience 61 years of delicious donuts!, The Kane's Staff Choice today is a Honey Jelly Donut!! They say it's the best of both worlds! @shopthestreet #saugus #boston #donutsarelove #kanesdonuts, Kane's Black Raspberry Jelly Donut! It's just perfect! #chestnuthill #boston #saugus #shopthestreet #donutsarelove, It's Kane's Kronut Day!! The best!! Try one today! Remember Kane's Donuts are Love!! #chestnuthill #donutsarelove #kaneskronuts #shopthestreet, Happy St Patrick's Day! Start celebrating by stopping at Kane's Donuts! #donutsarelove #kanesdonuts #stpatricksday #moderationnotdeprivation #shopthestreet, My day started out great but it just got a whole lot better!! Being presented a @cardilloweightbelts by @dougclark911 !!! This is the best Weight Belt in the World! Check out the Kane's Donuts Logo!! I love it! Can't wait to break it in!! I'm a lucky lady!! Thank you @cardilloweightbelts !!! #kanesdonuts #cardilloweightbelts #loyalty #donutsarelove #moderationnotdeprivation, Hey Chestnut Hill stop by Kane's Donuts we are only here until March 26th!!  The Street Chestnut Hill, We received this awesome message today and wanted to share! 
I work at Full House Allstars in West Bridgewater. We are an all star competitive cheerleading gym. When our kids compete and have zero deductions on their score sheets we say they got a donut!  At their next practice we have a donut party. I couldn't think of anywhere better to get our donuts from to celebrate our girls performance. 

They were overwhelmed by the size and taste of your amazing product. I wanted to say thank you for producing a product that is so amazing that I could celebrate my team with. 

Thank you
Meredith Lacerda.

Look at these smiling beautiful faces just goes to show you that Kane's Donuts are Love!, Thought you might like to see this!, Who needs cake when you can have Kane's Donuts?, It's Sunday! Kane's in Saugus is open! Chestnut Hill will be open at 7 am! Stop by for some of our world famous Honey Dip Donuts!, Pick up a six pack at Kane's Donuts!, It's Friday!! Kane's Kronut Day!! Dolce DeLeche or Banana Nutella!!, Looks like this little guy know delicious donuts!! What a cutie! #donutsarelove #donuts #kanesdonut #shopthestreet, Thought you would like to read this! Thank you matts-meals.com !!, This little knows that Kane's Donuts are Love!, Kane's Plain Chocolate Frosted Donut!!, Kane's Iced Coffee! It perfect weather for this refreshing treat!, Kane's Mini Cinnamon Coffee Rolls!!, Have you tried our Lemon Chiffon Cupcakes? Crazy delicious!, Thank you Boston Globe!! We made your list!!, Have you tried our Kane's Cookie and Creme Donut? It's incredible?, We will be open at The Street Chestnut Hill until March 26th!!, Kane's Maine Blueberry Donut! A cake style donut with blueberries folded in the dough then dipped in our honey glaze!, Kane's Black Raspberry Jelly! You'll be pleasantly surprised how delicious this donut is!, It's Sunday and Kane's Donuts is open until 3pm in Chestnut Hill! We are here until March 26th! Stop by and taste the Love!!, Kane's Creme Brûlée Donuts!  A raised donut filled with a vanilla custard then dipped in fine sugar and our honey glaze, then caramelized with a torch!, Great morning for a Kane's Maple Bacon Donut!!, Thank You Leah's Lunch!!!, Introducing Kane's Gluten Free Raspberry Coconut Donuts!! Absolutely delicious!! #donutsarelove #chestnuthill #kanesdonut #saugus #thepopupproject #internationalplace #bestdonutsever #boston #glutenfree, Kane's Apple Fritter Donuts!!, Introducing Kane's Orange Creamsicle Donut!! Light and delicious! Orange Fruit and Cream infused in our Honey Glaze! Available at Kane's Saugus, Boston and Chestnut Hill!!, We sure do have the cutest customers at Kane's Donuts!!, Kane's Donuts in Chestnut Hill is open!, Happy Wednesday! It's a great morning for a Kane's French Cruller! Stop by our Saugus, Boston or Chestnut Hill Location!, Thanks for checking out our donuts! @marys2sense hope you enjoyed!! Remember Kane's Donuts are Love!, Family owned and operated! We are truly proud to keep our parents Peter and Kay Delios's hard work alive and well!! If you haven't been to Kane's Donuts you should!, Happy Election Day! It's Super Tuesday! Don't forget to vote!! Stop by Kane's and pickup some donuts and coffee on your way to the polls!, It's March 1st !! Try our new flavors for this month! Sweet Honey Hibiscus and Pistachio Glazed!!, It's Leap Year Day! Celebrate with a Kane's Donut!, Pick up a box of Kane's Do its today!! We have some delicious flavors just waiting for you!, Good Morning!! How about a Kane's Raised Chocolate Frosted Donut this morning??, Kane's is open in Saugus and Chestnut Hill! Try a Kane's Coffee Roll!, Kane's in Saugus and Chestnut Hill will be open on Sunday! Doesn't a Kane's Cookie and Creme Donut look yummy??, NEW POST: Kane's donuts opens pop-up in #Newton: tinyurl.com/z3zdz78 #eatupnewengland @KanesDonuts, This little guy knows that Kane's Donuts are Love!!, Kane's Kupcakes! You know you want 1 or 2???, Kane's Maine Blueberry Donuts !!, It's Kane's Kronut Day!! Need we say more!! #donuts #kanesdonut #kronuts #thestreetchestnuthill #internationalplace #saugus, Kane's Donuts are ready and waiting!!, Boys don't fight we have plenty Kane's Maple Bacon Donuts! #internationalplace #boston #kanesdonut #donutsarelove #maplebacondonut #patriots #ericfish, Even Blades the Bruin knows Kane's Donuts are Love!, We are so happy to participate in ICYCLE to benefit @HomeStart1 at Kaneshandcrafted in Boston!, Kane's Honeydip Donuts! Made fresh daily with the finest local ingredients! Our father Peter Delios's recipe hasn't been charged and never will! Why change perfection!, Kane's in Chestnut Hill will be open today at 7am until 3 pm! We will be here  until March 26th! We are located right next Star Market! #thepopupproject #thestreetchestnuthill #chestnuthill #kanes #kanesdonuts, Look at the beautiful smiles on our customers at Kane's Chestnut Hill!! They know Kane's Donuts are Love!, Even this handsome little cutie know Kane's Donuts are Love!, Kane's is open in Chestnut Hill, Saugus and Boston!!, Look at what we have in Chestnut Hill! Stop by to try our delicious donuts!!, First Customers at Kane's Chestnut Hill!!, Only a few more hours until you taste the Love Chestnut Hill!, Get Ready!!, Chestnut Hill are you ready? It will be 7am soon! Kane's will be open! Loaded and ready with delicious donuts!, Kane's Turtle Donuts!! Chocolate Honeydip Donut frosted with Caramel dipped in crushed Heath Bar then a Dark Chocolate Drizzle!, Even this pup knows that Kane's Donuts are Love!, Kane's Strawberry Frosted Donut!, THE POP-UP {KANE'S DONUTS}

The Pop-Up Project: say hello to best-in-class brands and businesses, locally owned and Street approved. Located at 3 Boylston Street, Chestnut Hill right next to Star Market.

Now featuring Kane's Donuts, February 24th through March 26th.

Kane’s Donuts started as modest operation, using the space from a converted family home as the location for their first shop in Saugus, Massachusetts. To this day, the mom-and-pop business has remained at the same address, baking thousands of handcrafted gourmet donuts every day to satisfy the cravings of Kane’s many devotees.

In 2006, Paul Delios and his four siblings took over the family business, adding 1,500 square feet to the original Saugus store and launching a second location in the heart of Boston’s Financial District. Although Kane’s is expanding, spreading its deliciousness to even more sweet-toothed admirers, the Delios family maintains the same guarantee of freshness and sincerity that was promised upon its grand opening 60 years ago. “Being able to maintain the same quality and integrity that was instilled in us from when we were kids is something that is paramount,” says Paul. Maria Delios, Kane’s executive baker, relies on the freshest of local ingredients, including flour from a small batch mill in Andover, organic eggs from a farm in Peabody, and just-picked berries from patches in Maine. Kane’s is proud to support local bee keepers, using only real, pure honey to complete their one-of-a-kind world famous honey-dipped donut.

Kane’s decadent delights have tantalized the taste buds of Boston residents so much, that customers often line up at 3:30am to get their hands on the shop’s first batches. Bon Appetit and Travel & Leisure have taken notice, rating Kane’s as among the nation’s best donuts.

Still, Paul Delios and his siblings continue to uphold the original Kane’s mission – to create hand-made donuts with a lot of TLC. “Everything we do here comes from the heart,” says Paul. “And we want to bring that to the heart of this city.” Because as Paul’s father Peter would always say, “donuts are love.” LOCATION:
3 Boylston Street Chestnut Hill 
HOURS:
Mon. -Sun 7am to 3pm, Nothing like a box of Kane's Donuts on a Sunday morning!, Kane's French Crullers! A light airy donut dipped in our honey glaze!, It's Friday! How about a Kane's Kronut?, What a combination a delicious Kane's Cookies and Creme Donut and a Cardillo Weightbelt! This is living without deprivation!, Have you tried a Kane's Reese Cup Donut? It's amazing!, Kane's Chocolate Raspberry Kupcakes!! Get them while you can! Boston how about a delivery from @postmates, Boston need something special today from Kane's Donuts? Get it delivered from @foodler  Nothing beats a Kane's Coffee Roll!, Kane's Chocolate Marshmallow Donut! Only available until the end of the month! Hey Boston get these delicious donuts delivered with @favor_boston !, Today is the perfect day for a cup of Peets Coffee only .99 cents any size!! While your at it grab a delicious Kane's Donut!, Our customers know that Kane's Donuts are Love!!, Happy Presidents Day! Kane's is open in Boston and Saugus!, Happy Valentines Day! Remember Kane's Donuts are Love! We are open in Saugus until 1:00pm!, Tomorrow is Valentines Day! Kane's in Saugus will be open from 3:30am until 1:00pm ! Stop by and pickup something special for your sweetheart!, Kane's Chocolate Orgasm Donut!! This decadent delight is a chocolate cake style donut filled with chocolate pudding dipped in Hersey chocolate syrup then rolled in crushed chocolate cookies! Delicious! Perfect gift for Valentines Day!!, Nothing like a hot cup of Peets Coffee and a Kane's Chocolate Honeydip Donut to warm up with on a cold day!, Kane's Chocolate Marshmallow Donut!! Definitely worth it!, Fully loaded with Valentine's Day goodies! Stop by Kane's and pickup something for your sweetheart!!, Doesn't get anymore romantic then this! Our loyal customer surprised his fiancé this morning with a Kane's Rose Glazed Donut! 2 days till they wed!, Thought you'd enjoy this! Remember Kane's Donuts are Love!, You asked we answered! Kane's in Saugus and Boston will be carrying the same donut flavors from now on!, Nothing says a kiss like Kane's Donuts! This Valentine's Day remember your sweetheart!, It's Valentine's Week we are all in the mood for Chocolate! Try a Chocolate Raspberry Coffee only 99 cents any size! A Kane's Kupcake goes nicely!!, Your sweetheart wants Roses and something sweet for Valentine's Day? Kane's Donuts has the solution! Kane's Rose Petal Donuts!! A raised donut dipped in a rose blossom honey glaze, then topped with a rose petal!, Kane's Chocolate Raspberry Kupcake! A rich chocolate cake filled with black raspberry topped with raspberry chiffon then a dark chocolate drizzle! Perfect for your Valentine!  Or you!!!, Looking for a little something for someone special? Stop by Kane's for our donut truffles! They are just delicious and gluten free!, Thank you Thrillist Boston!!, Need a fantastic cup of Peet's Coffee ? Well you can't beat this deal! Only .99 cents!! While you are at it grab a delicious Kane's Donut! It's a winning combination!, This little sweetheart is just diving into her Kane's Valentine's Day Donut! It's almost as big as her!! Remember Kane's Donuts are Love!, Kane's Chocolate Honey Dip Donuts! They hit the spot on a snowy day! Come on in and stock up before the storm!, This little guy knows how to eat a Kane's Lemon Filled Donut! You just go for it!! What a cutie pie!!, Happy Super Bowl Sunday! Stop by Kane's in Saugus for your halftime treats!, This little beauty knows Kane's Donuts are something to smile about!, Happy Saturday! Beautiful morning after the storm! We are fully loaded stop by and enjoy the best donuts ever!, Perfect treat on a snowy Friday!! Nothing like Kane's Donuts!!, Super Bowl Sunday is almost here! Kane's Donuts will have plenty of donuts for your halftime treats! Place an order to be sure you get what you want!!, How cool is this Boston??, Hey Boston get Kane's Donuts Delivered!!!!!!!!!!!  Now we are on Foodler Dashed!, Kane's Chocolate Orgasm Donut!! This decadent delight is a chocolate cake style donut filled with chocolate pudding dipped in Hersey chocolate syrup then rolled in crushed chocolate cookies!, Kane's Chocolate Marshmallow Donut! A yeast style donut filled with marshmallow filling then frosted with our milk chocolate frosting! Truly delicious!!, Kane's Chocolate Raspberry Kupcake! A rich chocolate cake filled with black raspberry topped with raspberry chiffon then a dark chocolate drizzle!, Thank you Punxsutawney Phil!! We are looking forward to an early spring! Happy Groundhog Day Donuts at Kane's!, Happy February 1st!! It's so beautiful today have a Kane's Honey Dip and a @peetscoffee iced coffee!, Love this!! Check out how this little guy eats a Kane's Honey Dip and does Push-ups!!, It's only here for a short time! Kane's Cherry Glazed Donut! A cake style donut with real cherries blended in the dough then dipped in our honey glaze!!, Hey Kane's Lovers please show your love! Go on Yelp and tell the world about Kane's Donuts!, Kane's Chocolate Coconut Donuts!! Out of this world!, The great thing about being a Real Homemade Donut Shop is when a customer requests donuts that look like tennis balls Kane's can do it! We handcraft each and every donut! Kane's Donuts are made with Love!, Sometimes you just have to start your day with a Delicious Kane's Coffee Roll!!, Kane's Kupcakes perfect for any occasion!, Kane's Black Raspberry Jelly Donut! This delicious favorite will surely sweeten your day!, Have you tried Kane's Gluten Free Chocolate Whoopie Pie Donuts??, Here's a fine example of some of Kane's loyal customers!! They prove with moderation and exercise you can have your Kane's Donuts!!, Have you tried our Chocolate Honeydip Donut lately? A rich chocolate cake style donut dipped in our honey glaze! It's certainly delicious!, What a nice honor to be first on this list!! Thank you so much!!, Lets go New England Patriots!! We want another ring!!!!Stop by Kane's for some halftime treats!, Stop and pickup a box of Kane's Donuts! Make the weekend even sweeter!! Remember Kane's Donuts are Love!!, Kane's Donuts has the most incredible customers!! Love these pictures!!, How about a Kane's Turtle Donut?? A chocolate cake style donut, caramel frosting ,crushed Heath bar and a dark chocolate drizzle!, Announcing Kane's Gluten Free Donut Truffles!! Only available the week of February 8th thru the 14th! Chocolate covered Strawberry, Raspberry Coconut and White Chocolate Black Raspberry Filled!! Call ahead to place your orders!, Kane's Blueberry Pie Filled Donuts!! A yeast style donut filled with blueberry pie filling then rolled in confectioners sugar!!!, Kane's Lemon Filled Donut! A yeast style donut filled with lemon pie filling then rolled in confectioners sugar!, This little Gluten Free boy is sure happy having a Kane's Gluten Free Chocolate Whoopie Pie Donut!!!!, Happy Martin Luther King Day! Kane's is open today in Saugus and Boston!, Kane's has the cutest customers!!, Lets go New England Patriots!, Let's Go Patriots!! We are fully loaded and ready with all your game time treats! Stop by Kane's today!!, It's Friday!! How about a Kane's Coffee Roll? We make a honey glazed or a cinnamon frosted! Definitely delish!, Kane's Chocolate Coconut Donut! A rich chocolate cake style donut, dipped in our honey glaze then rolled in coconut! Delicious!, Kane's Boston Cream Donuts!!!, How about a Kane's Snickers Donut? A yeast style donut, milk chocolate frosting, topped with crushed snickers, peanuts and caramel!, Kane's Butternut Donut!!, Hope Madison has a great Birthday and enjoys her Kane's   M+M  Donut Cake!, Good Morning!! How about a Kane's Chocolate Gluten Free Whoopie Pie Donut??, Kane's Mini's! Don't want to indulge in whole Kane's Donut? Try a mini!, Kane's Cookies and Cream Kupcakes! No explanation needed just incredible!, Kane's Apple Fritters!! A yeast style dough with pieces of Apple and Cinnamon folded in the dough then dipped in our Honey Glaze!, Baby it's cold outside!! Warm up with a hot cup of Peets Coffee and a delicious Kane's Donut!!, Happy Monday! Start the week off with a box of Kane's Donuts!, We need another ring!! Let's go New England Patriots!!, Kane's is open today in Boston and Saugus!!!, Happy 2016!!  Let's go Bruins!!, Happy New Year!! Kane's is closed we will reopen on Saturday January 2nd in Saugus and Boston! Thank you for a great 2015!! Looking forward to a fantastic 2016!!, Happy New Years Eve!! We want to thank our awesome customers and incredible staff for making this year so wonderful! 2016 is almost here! Stop by Kane's and pick up a delicious Coffee Roll we are open until1 pm today in Saugus and Boston! We will be closed on New Years Day!, Tomorrow is New Years Eve!! Kane's in Boston and Saugus will be open until 1pm! Give us a call so you can enjoy some donuts on New Year's Day!, Today is the perfect day for a Kane's Combo! Stop by and warm up with a rich cup of Peet's Coffee and a delicious Kane's donut!, Kane's Eggnog Donuts only here for a short time!! Stop in and get them while you can! A cake style donut made with real local eggnog,fresh ground nutmeg and a splash of rum!, Happy Monday!! Start the week off with a box of Kane's Donuts!! It will surely brighten your day!, Lets Go Pats!, Kane's in Saugus is open today!!!, Kane's in Saugus will be open to from 3:30am until 5:00pm. Boston is closed., We would like to wish all our loyal customers, fantastic staff, friends and family a very Merry Christmas! Kane's in Saugus and Boston are closed today., Merry Christmas Eve!! Kane's will be open in Saugus from 3:30am to 1 pm Boston 6am to 3pm Closed on Christmas Day., It's not too late to order a Kane's Coffee Roll!! Makes the perfect gift when you go visiting!, Kane's Eggnog Donut!! Its only here for a short time! Cake style donut with fresh ground nutmeg a splash of rum then dipped in our honey glaze!, Need a gift idea? Stop at Kane's and pickup a sweet gift card!!!, Just a few more days and it's Christmas!! Kane's will be open in Saugus from 3:30am to 1 pm Boston 6am to 3pm Closed on Christmas Day., Kane's Coffee Roll is always welcome wherever you go! Stop by and pick one up to delight your friends and colleagues!, Don't forget to pick up some Kane's Donuts in morning to start your week!, Lets go Pats!! We are ready for game day!! Stop by and get your halftime treats!, null, null, Santa is here at Kane's!, Even Peter is getting into the season!!, We are definitely in the spirit at Kane's! Stop by for some Christmas goodies! We have plenty of delicious donuts , coffee rolls and Kupcakes!, Don't forget to order your holiday pies! Give us a call to place your order!, Introducing Kane's Amaretto Donuts! A light yeast dough dipped in our Amaretto glaze then topped with roasted Almonds!!!, Kane's Combo!! Medium Coffee and a Donut!, Make sure you place your orders early for Christmas Eve! Kane's Honey Glazed Coffee Roll is the perfect gift! 7812338499 Saugus , 8573172654 Boston., Make someone happy! Bring in a dozen Kane's to work!!, Time to think about the holiday  desert table!! Place your orders now so you can cross that off your list!, Thanks for following us! Remember that Kane's Donuts are Love!, Going visiting this Christmas and don't know what to bring?? A Kane's Coffee Roll is always received well! Call ahead and place your order!, Kane's Honey Dip Donuts!!! Need we say more?????, It's game day!! Let's Go Patriots! Stop by Kane's in Saugus for your halftime treats!, What a beautiful presentation Kane's Donuts make on the holiday desert table!! It's the perfect gift!!, Kane's Candy Cane Donut!!!, Start the day right! Stop at Kane's for our Medium Peets Coffee and a Kane's Donut Combo!, Kane's Mini Honey Glazed Coffee Roll!!, It's the most wonderful time of the year!! Bring a little cheer where ever you go with Kane's Donuts!!!, Kane's Eggnog Donuts!! Made with real eggnog, fresh ground nutmeg and a splash of rum then dipped our honey glaze!, Kane's Creme Brulee Donut! Filled with vanilla custard and then caramelized with that traditional torched sugar on top, it's just one more reason to sing, "There is no place like Kane's for the holidays!", Start your week off right stop at Kane's and pick up a tasty Donut and a cup of Peets Coffee, With Hanukkah here Kane’s has introduced sufganiyot. All the ingredients are kosher. Please call ahead if you want to place an order 781 233 8499 to pick up in Saugus. Call 857 317 2654 to pickup in Boston. We would like to wish all our friends and customers who celebrate a Happy Hanukkah!, Kane's Mini Coffee Rolls!, What a Cutie!! Another Kane's Donut Lover!!, Kane's Gingerbread Donuts! Get into the season!, Kane's Red Velvet Donuts!!! Absolutely delicious!!!, Kane's Chocolate Peppermint Candy Cane Donut!! Try this taste of the season!!, Kane's Gluten Free Donuts!! Simply Amazing!!, Need a quick great gift? Stop at Kane's and get the gift that everyone loves a Kane's Gift Card!, Stop by and pick up a 6 pack at Kane's!, Kane's in Saugus has new hours Monday and Tuesday we will open at 5 am the rest of the week 3:30am. Thank you!!, Hope Linebacker Shawn Loiseau enjoyed his Kane's Mini Honey Glazed Coffee Roll!, Let's go Pats!!! Stop by Kane's and get your game day donuts!!, It's small business Saturday! Need a gift stop by Kane's and pickup a gift card !!, Kane's Eggnog Donuts!! Only here for a short here time!, Kane's in Saugus is a decorated for the Holidays!!! Stop by when your done shopping or in between for a delicious donut and coffee!!, All you Black Friday Shoppers Kane's is open in Saugus at 3:30 am and in Boston at 7am!!, The Delios Family owners of Kane's Donuts would like to wish all our fantastic staff, family, friends and the best customers ever, a very Happy Thanksgiving!! We know we have been open on Thanksgiving previous years but as a family we decided to close. We will be open in Saugus tomorrow at 3:30 am and Boston 7:00am for all you early shoppers and folks that have to get to work! The coffee will be on!! Remember Kane's Donuts are Love!!, Kane's in Saugus and Boston will be open today until 5pm! We will be closed on Thanksgiving. So stop by today to get your desserts!!, Kane's Fresh Apple Pie!!! Thanksgiving!!, Looks like Amanda enjoyed her Kane's Donut Cake!!, Kane's Donuts are Love!! This Bride and Groom said who needs cake when you can have Kane's Donuts!!, Kane's in Saugus and Boston will be open today, Tuesday, Wednesday until 5 pm. Closed on Thanksgiving!, Looking for something delicious for the dessert table for Thanksgiving? Stop by Kane's we have the most incredible Kupcakes you've ever tasted!!, Kane's Custard Pie!! Can you believe Thanksgiving is almost here!!!, Have you tried our Kupcakes yet? This is our Caramel Apple Crunch Kupcake! It's delicious!!!, Today is great day for a Kane's Maple Bacon Donut!, Thanksgiving is around the corner! Let us help with your desserts! Order your pies now so you can be sure to get what you want!!, Kane's Honey Glazed Coffee Roll!!, Kane's Carrot Cake Donuts ! Only here for a short time!! Get them while you can!!, Thinking about Thanksgiving? Stop by Kane's for something special for the dessert table!, It's that time again to enjoy some traditional local favorites!! Try a Kane's Cranberry Orange Fritter!! Dipped in our real Honey Glaze!!, Kane's Pumpkin Pie!!, @filthy_fit_kay said Kane's Maple Bacon Donut has her heart!! Sorry men!!, Kane's Maple Cheesecake Donut! A delicious taste of Fall!!! Only here for a short time!, Another Beauty enjoying a Kane's Snickers Donut!!  @laugua127, We are so proud of all those who competed in the NPC New England Championship this weekend!! It's truly a challenge for these athletes!  A special congratulations to Sean!! He deserves some Kane's after all his hard work!, Ready for some Football? This handsome guy is! Go Pats!! Stop by Kane's for some donuts for the big game!, Congratulations @tamar_bucci !! So proud of you competing in the 2015 NPC New Championship!! We are happy you chose our donuts for your reward after all you hard work!! You are incredible!!, Hope Carlos and Steve Cardillo enjoyed our Honeydip Donuts!, You asked we listened! Introducing Kane's Cinnamon Coffee Rolls for one!! Same delicious Kane's Coffee Roll!, Shift Managers and Wait Staff wanted for High volume Artisan Donut shop located in Saugus and Boston! Kane's is a Massachusetts icon known for serving legendary donuts, and more! To become a Donut Lover please attach resume and contact info send it to maria@kanesdonuts.com, How about a delicious Kane's Donut to kick off the weekend?, Sometimes a Bride and Groom just want something better than cake! A Kane's Coffee Roll Donut Cake!! Congratulations to the happy couple!, Remember that Kane's Donuts are Love!!, Happy Veterans Day!! Thank you to all who have served in the U.S. Armed Forces. For every purchase of a Kane's Veterans Day Donut we will be donating the proceeds to The Disabled Veterans!, Even these beauties know Kane's Donuts are the best reward after a competition!, Kane's Angry Orchard Hard Apple Cider Donuts only here for a little longer!! Get in and try one while can!!, Game Day!!!! Happy Sunday!! Let's Go Pats!!!, Congratulations Tina for winning our Customer Appreciation Drawing at our Saugus location! Congratulations to Robin Tigges winner at our Boston location! Hope you ladies enjoy your winnings! Thank you to all Kane's Customers we truly do appreciate you!!, Seriously who needs cake when you can have Kane's Honeydip Donuts on your Birthday??, Today at Kane's in Boston and Saugus between 9 am and 12 pm we are having Customer Appreciation Event! Stop by enjoy a free cup of Peets Coffee, enter our free raffle and customers rewards program!, Join us for our first event! 
Friday, 11/6/15 from 9am-12pm
We are sharing the LOVE 
with FREE PEET’s coffee, the launch of our rewards card and a raffle of a gift basket worth $125.00! Both Saugus and Boston Kane's will be participating!! Just our way of saying Thank you to all our wonderful customers!!, Introducing Kane's Carrot Cake Donut! A delicious carrot cake donut topped with a cream cheese frosting and chopped walnuts! Just here thru November so be sure to try one!!, Are you a Kane's Donut Lover? Perhaps you'd enjoy a career at Kane's!! Shift Managers and Wait Staff wanted for High volume Artisan Donut shop located in Saugus and Boston!
 People knock on our door at 3 in the morning so they can bring our donuts on their early flight. Celebrities who film in Boston demand our donuts on set. Tourists plan vacations around visits to Kane's. From a small cottage in Saugus, MA, Kane's has unintentionally earned national acclaim since opening its doors in 1955 in the blue-collar Boston suburb of Saugus, Mass. Today, amid a sea of sameness from donut shops and breakfast joints that compete with cookie-cutter locations, Kane's is a Massachusetts icon known for serving legendary donuts, and more! Please attach resume and contact info send it to maria@kanesdonuts.com, Kane's Apple Crunch Donut! A yeast style donut, filled with apple pie filling,dipped in our honey glaze then rolled in buttercrunch! An incredible fall experience for your tastebuds!, Kane's Caramel Apple Crunch Kupcakes!  It's a yellow cake filled with Apple pie filling topped with a caramel cream frosting then a caramel drizzle rolled in Buttercrunch ! Only here  for a short time so don't miss this slice of love!, Even Rick from The Walking Dead loves Kane's Donuts!, Kane's Coconut Donut!! Great way to start a Sunday Morning!!, We have had a lot of monsters, ghouls, fairy princesses stop in Kane's today! They have all been just incredible! Even Santa showed up!!, Happy Halloween to all our friends, family and customers!! If you are looking for some treats, stop by Kane's!!, The team is so ready for Halloween!! Kane's in Boston and Saugus will be open on Halloween !! Come get some treats!!!, Ready for Halloween?  We are at Kane's !! Stop by and pickup some delicious donuts!!, Kane's Boston Scream Donut!! Just in time for Halloween!!, It's Game Day !! Let's Go Pats!!!, Give these babies a try this Halloween!, Halloween will be here before you know it!! Make sure you don't disappoint all your tricker treaters! Place an order to be sure you get their favorites!, This little cutie is sure enjoying his first Kane's Donut!, Having a special event? Please consider Kane's for your dessert!!, Let's Go Patriots!! Thank David for stopping by!, Can you believe Halloween is almost here? If your looking for some treats stop by Kane's we have plenty of goodies for all your ghoulish parties and events!!, Today Kappy's Route 1 Beer and  Kane's Donuts  Festival at Kappy's!  Featuring Samuel Adams Pumpkin Ale Donuts and Angry Orchard Hard Apple Cider Donuts!!, Today is National Boston Cream Day! Stop by Kane's for the best Boston Cream Donuts on the planet!!, Kane's Reese Cup Donut! The perfect fix to start your Friday!!!, Kane's Buttercrunch Donut!! Simply delicious!!, Kane's Samuel Adams Pumpkin Ale Donut!! Only here for a short while!!, Kane's Plain Donut! Trust us: there's nothing "plain" about this cake-y, flavorful donut, with hints of spice and homemade goodness that separates ours from the rest. Rediscover an old New England favorite!, Kane's Jelly Donut! Filled with Black Raspberry Jelly!!!!, Great day for some Kane's Donuts and Football!! Go Patriots!!!, How about Kane's Donut Cake for your next event?, Having a special event? Consider Kane's Donuts!! Remember Kane's Donuts are Love!!, Kane's Angry Orchard Hard Apple Cider Donuts!! These are just too good!!!, Great way to start today with a Kane's Samuel Adams Pumpkin Ale Donut!!, Good Morning! Remember Kane's Donuts are Love! Try our Pumpkin Honey Glazed Donuts!!, Happy Columbus Day! Kane's Caramel Apple Pie Filled Donut!, Kane's will be open at 3:30am in Saugus and 8:00am in Boston on Columbus Day!! Stop by and try Kane's Creme Brûlée Donut!!, Kane's Cinnamon Coffee Roll Kandles!! Once you finish up your Kane's Coffee Roll you can still enjoy the scent with a Kane's Kandle!!, Happy Sunday!! Great day for donuts and football!! Stop by Kane's Saugus for some delicious donuts!! Go Patriots!!!!, Hope everyone enjoys their Columbus Day Weekend!! Kane's in Saugus and Boston will be open today!!Stop by and pick up some Apple Cider Donuts!!, Look who stopped by to have a Kane's Coffee Roll! Phantom Gourmet Dave Andelman! It's almost bigger then his head!, Happy Friday! It's Kane's Kronut Day!! Try our Dolce De Leche Kronut it so delicious light flaky croissant dough filled with caramel cream then topped with a vanilla icing!!, Getting ready for Columbus Day Weekend? Stop by Kane's and pickup a delicious Kane's Coffee Roll!! Kane's will be open Columbus Day in both Saugus and Boston!, What a wonderful family! Thank you for including Kane's Donuts on your son's special day! We are honored to be a part of your families celebration!, Kane's Honey Lemon Donuts!, Anyone in the mood for Chocolate? We have all sorts of delicious donuts to pick from!! Make Kane's a part of your Sunday!!, Kane's Gluten Free Chocolate Honeydip Donut!!, October is Breast Cancer Awareness Month! Let's help rid this horrible disease! With each purchase of a Kane's Breast Cancer Awareness Donut we will donate a portion of the the cost to The National Breast Cancer Organization., Happy Friday!! Great day to put allittte Pumpkin in your life!!, Hope Tony enjoys his Kane's Reese's Donut Cake! Happy Birthday!!, Kane's Caramel Apple Filled Donut! A great autumn classic!!, Happy National Coffee Day! A cup of Peets Coffee goes great with a Kane's Donut!, Thought you might like this little story!! Thank you for sharing Kelly Dunn Lowenberg !! 
We were up there for vacation the start of July. (Saugus native, living in Florida now.) We rented a car for one day, ostensibly to go to Lexington, but...well gosh, why not a side trip to Saugus for some Kane's? My husband wondered what was up with my obsession to go there.

He took a couple of bites from a honey-dipped, and said "Oh. I get it now." :), Good Morning Boston!! The team at Kane's Handcrafted are ready to introduce you to our delicious donuts! Remember Kane's Donuts are Love!, Hey today is game day and Maria's Birthday! So stop by Kane's and pick up some delicious donuts for the game! Go Pats!!, It's Happy Friday! Kane's Kronut Day be a hero and bring some in the office!, Kane's Kupcakes!! So delicious!, Kane's Honey Glazed Apple Cider Donuts!!, null, It's a beautiful day to enjoy a delicious Kane's Apple Fritter! Light airy yeast style dough with cinnamon and pieces of Apple folded in the dough then dipped in our honey glaze!, Even little Ryder loves Kane's Maple Bacon Donuts! Isn't he just adorable!!, Let's Go Patriots!! Game is on!!kanes is ready with lots of delicious donuts and goodies!, Take a look at this cutie!, Kane's Maple Bacon Donuts!!! Made with real Vermont Maple Syrup and Cherrywood Smoked Bacon!!, It's Kane's Kronut Day!! Get in early so you can taste the love!, Kane's Turtle Donuts!!! Incredible!!, Please show you love!! Vote for Kane's Donuts!! Thank you!!!, Kane's Boston Cream anyone?, Happy Monday! How about some Kane's Pumpkin Donuts and Peets Coffee to start out the week?, Happy Birthday!!!!Hope you enjoyed your Kane's Donut Cake!, Kane's Chocolate Marshmallow Filled! Need we say more!, Kane's Reese's Pieces Donut has returned!! You know you want one! Or two?, null, Let's go New England Patriots!! We want another ring!!, Kane's Apple Coffee Cake Muffins! So tasty!, It's time for a cold one! Stop by Kane's and beat the heat with a Peets Iced Coffee and a Kane's Donut!, Happy back to school!! Hopefully everyone had a great summer!! Start your day with Kane's Donuts!, Happy Labor Day!! Kane's in Saugus will be open until 5pm Boston until 3 pm!!, Kane's Apple Spice Donuts! Filled with Apple Pie Filling then rolled in Cinnamon and Sugar!, Today is just one of those days when a Kane's Honey Dip Donut will make it perfect!!, Getting ready for Labor Day Weekend? Stop by Kane's and grab a dozen donuts! You're surely going to be welcomed where ever you go!!, Kane's Peanut Butter Jelly Time!!, If you missed this we thought perhaps you'd like to see this!! Thank you Chronicle on WCVB Channel 5, Looking for a sweet gift? We got it covered!, Kane's Creme Brûlée Donuts!! Outstanding!!, Happy September 1st! Kane's Apple Cider Donuts!! Honey Glazed or Cinnamon and Sugar!! Made with real Apple Cider!!, Don't forget to watch Chronicle tonight! Kane's Donuts will be featured!, Kane's Black Raspberry Jelly Donut!! Light airy yeast style donut, rolled in granulated sugar and filled with our Black raspberry jam!!, Happy Sunday!! Kane's Chocolate Chocolate Boston Creme!!, Happy Saturday!! Try a Kane's Coffee Roll!! Loaded with cinnamon and our real honey glaze!!, Kane's Peanut Butter and Jelly Donuts!, Kane's Caramel Apple Filled!! Truly an experience of delight!, Happy National Dog Day! Even this pup knows Kane's Donuts are delicious!, There's only one word necessary when you say Donuts say Kane's! Remember Donuts are Love!, We are now serving Kanes Pumpkin Glazed Donuts! They go great with a cup of Peets Iced or hot Pumpkin Coffee!!, Kane's Apple Cider Donuts!! They are here!!, Great day to pickup a dozen Kane's Donuts! Saugus is open until 1 pm!!, Kane's Coconut Donuts!!!, Happy Saturday! Keylime Pie Donuts! Only here for a short time! Get them while you can!, Hope Kristen enjoys her Kane's Birthday Donut Cake!! Team Crafty, Kane's Kupcakes!! Try our Carrot made with a cream cheese frosting!!!, Kane's Donut Cakes are perfect for any special occasion!! Just give us 24 hour notice and we will handcraft it to order!!, Which Kane's Donut should you have with a Peets Iced Coffee on this Hot Summer Day?, Start the week of right! Bring Kane's into work! Surely that will put a smile on everyone's face!, Kane's Lemon Donut!!, Look at this cutie enjoying a Kane's Donut!, Have you tried a Kane's Gluten Free Donut yet?, Happy Friday! It's Kane's Kronut Day!, Kane's S'mores Donuts!! These delights are only here for a short time get them while you can!!!, Kane's Butternut Donut!! Truly Delicious!, Kane's Snickers Donut!!, Kane's Donuts are Love! Look at this happy customer!!!, Even The Mad Fisherman Charlie Moore knows who makes the best Honeydip Donuts!!, For those of you who wanted to know the size of a Kane's Donut Cake here you go!, Happy Friday! Try a Kane's Margarita Donut!, Kane's Boston Cream!!, Try a Kane's S'mores Donut while you can! They are only available for summer!, Sweet Honey Hibiscus, Pistachio and Orange Creamsicle are just a few of the delicious flavors you'll find at Kane's!!, Kane's Keylime Pie Donut! Only here for a short time so come on by!, Happy Sunday!! Start it off with a Kane's Chocolate Butternut Donut and a cup of Peets Coffee!!, Hope Julie enjoyed her Birthday Donut Cake!, Kane's Maple Bacon Donut! Real cherrywood smoked and Vermont maple syrup frosting on our raised donut! Truly delicious!, Kane's Donuts anyone?, Kane's Strawberry Cupcakes!, Kane's Boston Cream Donuts! Just look at our rich chocolate frosting! These lovely delights are filled with a Bavarian Cream!, Kane's French Crullers! So light and airy they just melt in your mouth!, Stop by Kane's in Saugus or Boston today so you can get some of the best donuts ever!, Happy to hear you enjoyed our donuts!!!, The weekend is approaching, time to get your Kane's Donuts!!, At Kane's you are sure to find some of the most incredible donuts ever!, Happy 1st Birthday Noah!! Hope you enjoyed your first Kane's Donut!! What a beautiful baby!!, Thank you Chifaro Company for the lovely flowers! You made Maria's day!, Good Morning! What is your favorite Kane's Donut?, Anyone need a cold one?? Stop by Kane's and pick up a Peets Iced Coffee and a delicious Kane's donut!, Thank you NoBo Magazine for an awesome article!!, S'mores anyone?, Happy Sunday! Here's just a few of the delicious donuts you'll find at Kane's!, How about a Kane's Reese Donut Cake for your next event?, Kane's Turtle Donuts!, Kane's Watermelon Donuts!! Definitely delicious!, Kane's Handcrafted Boston offers curbside pickup! Just give us a call and place your order! 857-317-2654, How about a Kane's Kupcake?, Kane's Honey Lemon Donuts!, Great morning to stop by Kane's Donuts!, Beat the heat today! Stop by Kane's in Saugus for a refreshing Peets Iced Coffee and a delicious Honeydip Donut!, Happy Saturday! Kane's is open in Boston and Saugus!!, Start your weekend with Kane's Donuts!!, Have you tried our Gluten Free Donuts yet? We make an old fashioned and a chocolate honey glazed!, Try a Kane's Caramel Apple filled Donut!! It's a great combination!, Thank you for voting for Kane's Donuts! We are honored to win North-shore magazine Readers Choice 2015 for best donuts!!, Thank you Saugus for voting us #1 Coffee Shop and #1 Bakery!!!!!!!!!!!!!! What an honor!!, Happy Monday! Stop by Kane's and grab a cold one!, How cool is this! The Rock's stuntman enjoying Kane's Donuts!, Hope you enjoyed your Kane's Coffee Roll @samoanstuntman! Kane's is open in Saugus today until 1 pm!, Happy 4th of July to all our friends, family and customers!! Kane's is open in Saugus until 11am! Boston is closed! Have a safe fun 4th!!!, Getting ready for the 4th? Kane's is open today in Saugus and Boston! We will be open tomorrow in Saugus 3:30am to 11am Boston is closed., Getting ready to celebrate our nations birthday!, Kane's Lemon Chiffon Cupcakes! Just perfect!, Doesn't this look delicious!, Happy Monday!! Be a hero and pick up a Kane's mixed dozen!! You will make everyone happy at work today!!, Nothing like a little New England Patriots bling with a Kane's Coffee Roll!, Look who stop by Kane's Handcrafted! Paul's childhood chum Ricky Deon! Hope he enjoyed his Kane's donut and Peets Iced Coffee!, Make your weekend complete! Stop by Kane's!, It's Kane's Kronut Day!, Good Morning! How about a Kane's Chocolate Frosted Donut?, Kane's Coconut Donut!, Nothing like a Kane's Boston Cream Donut!!, To all our family,friends and customers we wish you a Happy Father's Day! This is our Dad Peter Delios the man who taught us how to make the best donuts ever. We sure do miss him., Give us a call today for a Large Honeydip Donut Cake for Father's Day! 781 233 8499, Kane's is open today in Saugus and Boston! Stop by and get something yummy for Father's Day!, Kane's is now taking orders for Father's Day!! Just give us a call!!, Maybe Dad would like a Kane's Cinnamon Coffee Roll for Father's Day!, Don't forget Dad this Weekend!! It's Father's Day Sunday! Give Kane's a call so you can make sure Dad gets his favorites!, Happy Birthday Stephanie!! Enjoy your Kane's Snickers Donut Cake!!, Looks like Jamie enjoyed his Kane's Donut!, Happy Flag Day!!, Good Morning! What's better than starting your day with a Kane's Donut? Colin surely is enjoying one! Kane's in Saugus will be open from 3:30am until 5:00 pm. Kane's in Boston from 8:00am until 2:00pm! This could be you enjoying a delicious Kane's Donut!!, It's time you tried a Kane's Maine Blueberry Donut!!, Happy Birthday Parker! Hope you enjoy your Kane's Donut Cake!, Today is National Iced Tea Day! Stop by Kane's and try a refreshing Peets Iced Tea and a delicious Kane's Donut!, Kane's Caramel Apple Filled Donut!! Filled with our tasty apple filling then frosted with our homemade caramel frosting!! A combination that is perfection!!, Beautiful morning for a Kane's Turtle Donut!!!, Happy Sunday! Kane's in Saugus is open until 1 pm today! Stop by and get a fresh whipped cream Bismarck!, Are you ready Boston? Kane's Handcrafted will be open today!, Big News Boston!!! Kane's Handcrafted will be open on Saturdays starting tomorrow!! We will be open at 7:30am and closing at 1:00pm!!, Happy National Donut Day!, Tomorrow is National Donut Day!! We decided to bring back our father Peter Delios's favorite special: The Super Dozen!!! 15 donuts to a dozen!!!, Did you know that tomorrow is National Donut Day? Wait until you see how Kane's is celebrating!! It's going to be a Super Surprise!!!, Nothing like a Kane's Donut with a cup of Peets Coffee in the morning!, Kane's Handcrafted Boston!, Kane's Plain Frosted Donut! Yummy need we say more!!, Hope Jimbo enjoyed his Kane's Donut Cake!!, It's Kane's Kronut Day!!! Crazy Delicious!!!, Kane's Creme Brûlée Donut!, A Savory Lobster-Stuffed Doughnut? Sweet! http://blog.foodnetwork.com/fn-dish/2015/05/a-savory-lobster-stuffed-doughnut-sweet/ … via @FoodNetwork, Stop by and have a cold one!! The outdoor seating at both locations is ready and waiting for you!! It is a great day to enjoy an Iced Peets Coffee or Tea!!, Hope everyone has a beautiful Memorial Day Weekend!! Kane's in Saugus will be open. Kane's in Boston will be closed!, Check this out we made the list!!! 30 Things You Must Eat & Drink This Summer in Boston | summer bucket list - Zagat https://www.zagat.com/b/boston/30-, Don't these look yummy!, Kane's Plain Donut! Trust us there is nothing plain about this donut! A New England favorite!, null, Kane's Maple Bacon Donut! A Raised Donut, frosted with Maple frosting made with real Vermont Maple Syrup then topped with Cherrywood Smoked Bacon! Definitely worth trying!!, Thank you TIME.COM for this great article!!, Kane's Honey Lemon Donut! It's unbelievable!, Kane's Fudge Brownie anyone??, Sure hope Domenic enjoys his Kane's Birthday Donut Cake!, Hope you enjoyed!, Kane's Chocolate Coconut Cupcakes!!, Great way to celebrate!, Thought you'd enjoy reading this! http://www.huffingtonpost.com/2015/05/12/lobster-donut-what-has-the-world-come-to_n_7265812.html, Thought you would enjoy reading this!! Thank you Forbes.com!!, Happy Monday! Have you tried our Strawberry Frosted Donut? We use real Strawberry in our frosting!! It's delicious!, Happy Mother's Day!!! Kane's in Saugus will be open from 3:30am to 1:00pm. Stop by and pickup something sweet for Mom!, There would be no Kane's Donuts without this great lady! Our mother Kay Delios! We love her till the end of time!! Please don't forget about mom on Mother's Day!, Don't forget this Sunday is Mother's Day!!! Call ahead to place orders for Mom! 781 233 8499, Kane's Chocolate Orgasm Donut!!, Look who came to Kane's Handcrafted do Dowiches! Our Aunt Leah and her crew!!! Thank you ladies and we hope you enjoyed!, Don't forget Mom this Sunday!!!, Happy Birthday G!!!!, Happy Birthday Geena Marie! Hope enjoy your Kane's Birthday Donut Cake!!!, How wonderful to meet the lovely Alison Kent famous food & travel writer, recipe developer, cookbook author, culinary consultant !!! Sure hope she enjoyed her Kane's Donuts!!, Happy Cinco de Mayo!!! Stop by Kane's for something sweet!, Happy Monday!! It's going to be a beautiful day today!! Stop by Kane's and pickup a delicious Peet's Iced Coffee and a yummy donut to go with it!!, Thanks Chris Williams for stopping by today!! Please help support Boston's Wounded Vet Run!, Tune in this weekend Kane's Handcrafted is featured Sat 9am Sun 9pm!!!, Kane's Donut Cake! Perfect for any celebration!, Thank you Metro Boston!! Love your awesome article on us!, Kane's Snickers Donut!!, What's your Kane's favorite Black Raspberry Jelly or Honeydip?, Kane's Cupcakes! Out of this world!!!, Kane's Honey Dip Donut!, In case you missed us on Chronicle on WCVB Channel 5 last night please take a peek!!, Hope Hannah enjoyed her Kane's Birthday Donut Cake!, Donuts are love! Dowiches too! Shayna Seymour gets a taste of Kane's Handcrafted Donuts Boston!! Watch tonight Chronicle at 7:30 WCVB5!!, Donuts are love!! So nice of Denise and Larry to come visit at Kane's Handcrafted Boston!, Can't stop diehard New England Patriots Fans!! It's a year round love even if the season short!, Thanks for stopping by! Donuts are love!!!, Hope Lance enjoyed his Kane's Donut Cake!! Please like this post to help us wish him a Happy Birthday!!, Don't forget to watch Chronicle on Thursday!! It features Kane's Donuts!!, Have you tried a Kane's Cupcake?? You should!!!, Happy Patriots Day!! Best of luck to all that participate in the Boston Marathon!! Boston Strong!!, Happy Saturday!!! Kane's has plenty of Honey Glazed Coffee Rolls just waiting for you to enjoy!!, We made the list! Thank you for voting for us!!!!
Your Choice: Area's best breakfast spots http://www.wcvb.com/news/32360462#.VTF5kU3Vzw8.twitter, It's Kane's Kronut Day!, Happy Birthday Lily! Just to give you an idea how big a Kane's Donut Cake is!, A look at @kanesdonuts' new 'dowiches' stuffed with lobster, savory braised meats, more. http://bit.ly/1OfhI94, Happy April 15th! Stop at Kane's to relieve some stress of tax day! Remember donuts are love!, Great way to start off the morning! Stop by Kane's for a delicious donut and coffee!, We are so excited that Chronicle came to our Boston shop today!!! Make sure you watch we will be airing soon!!!, It's opening day!!!! Go Red Sox!!!!, Happy Greek Orthodox Easter to all our family, friends and customers! Kane's is open until 1pm!, Happy National Siblings Day from The Delios Family at Kane's Donuts!, Friday is Kane's Kronut Day!!!!, Looking for yummy lunch? Stop at Kane's in Boston for Dowich!, Hope you enjoy reading this!
http://www.bostonherald.com/news_opinion/local_coverage/2015/04/kane_s_sandwiches_creativity_onto_menu, Nothing beats a Kane's Black Raspberry Jelly Donut!, Have you tried a Kane's Caramel Apple Filled Donut yet? If not you should they are just delicious!, Happy Easter to all our friends and customers! We will be open in Saugus until 1:00pm., Kane's In Saugus will be open Easter Sunday from 3:30am to 1:00pm!! So if you need something yummy, stop by!, Thank you to our neighbors at Santander for welcoming us to International Place Boston!, Kane's Baklava Donuts!, Kane's Chocolate Glazed Gluten Free Donut!, Kane's World Famous Honey Dip Donut!!!! Made with real honey!, Thank you Chiofaro Company for the warm welcome! Loving Boston at International Place!, Kane's Happy Easter Donut!, We are honored that our customer Lindsey Kouroyen selected Kane's Donuts to be the subject of a DECA competition! We proudly announce that she was a finalist in the state competition! She came in 4th place!! Thank you Lindsey!, Time for Kane's Cinnamon Frosted Coffee Roll!, Kane's Old Fashion Glazed Donut! So delicious glazed with real local honey!, It's Kane's Kronut Day!, Thought you might want to read this!, Kane's Honey Lemon Filled Donuts!, Kane's Reese's Cup Donut! These are scrumptious!, Our father Peter Delios! The man who taught us how to make donuts!, Looks like Boston knows who has the best donuts!, null, Thought you might like to read this about our new Boston store!!, We are open in Boston!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!, Today while we were at Kane's Handcrafted in Boston trying to get the new shop ready a lady knocked on the door. She wanted to see if we were open yet, we told her no but soon. She then proceeded to tell us this funny story about her pregnancy and how she would send her poor husband out at 3:30 am to the Saugus store for her cravings! Kane's Honeydip Donuts!!! She told us it was a good thing they got used to being up so early because their baby was an early riser!!, Happy St Patrick's Day!, Kane's Pistachio Muffins!, Kane's Irish Soda Bread! Delicious!, Lets get ready for the Saint Patrick's Day Parade! Stop by Kane's for so goodies!, Try a Kane's Kronut!, Kane's Butternut Donut! Amazing!, Here at Kane's Donuts we are always making something different! Why because we really make our donuts! Try a Sweet Honey Hibiscus, Pistachio or Orange Creamcsicle!, Kane's Apple Fritters!, Kane's Boston Cream Donuts! Delicious!!, Looking for something Chocolate? We have it covered at Kane's Donuts!, Kane's Maple Bacon Donuts! Made with Smoked Cherry Wood Bacon and real Vermont Maple Syrup!, Kane's Apple Spice Filled Donut!, Kane's Cookies and Cream Donuts!, Kane's Raspberry Coconut Donuts!, Nothing plain about a Kane's Plain Donut! The best!, Kane's Peanut Butter And Jelly Donuts!, The polls are now open for the Northshore Magazine Best of the North Shore Awards 2015! 
 We are asking all our amazing customers to take a moment to vote for Kane's Donuts under the Indulge category. Please scroll down to select the Best Donuts category. 

 Thank you for your time, and we appreciate your invaluable support! 
 The Delios Family, Kane's Caramel Crunch Donuts!, Kane's Cookies and Cream Cupcakes! Incredible!, Kane's Fresh Whipped Cream Bismarck!, Thank you VISTINGNEWENGLAND for writing this beautiful article about our shop! Please take the time to read it, we think it is very interesting!!!!!!!!, Kane's Pistachio Muffin! Moist and loaded with pistachios! So yummy!, Happy Monday!! Start your day with a delicious Kane's Lemon Filled Donut!!, Kane's Chocolate Boston Cream Donuts! Decadent!!!, Kane's Fresh Blueberry Muffins!, Kane's Kronuts! Dulce De Leche!, Kane's Cookies and Creme Donuts!!!!, Kane's Hot Cross Buns! These sweet, home-baked buns are a real treat during Lent (you didn't give up sweets did u ?) Get them while you can they are only available for a short time!, Sure happy to see Cindy Fitzgibbon enjoying Kane's Donuts! Interesting to see which boxes are almost empty!!!!, Being school vacation week we thought it was really terrific that the students at Northeast Vocational School wrote this terrific article about our brother Steve Delios! We wanted to share it with you!, Happy Presidents Day!!, Good Morning! We are open with the tastiest donuts ever!, Kane's is open today! We have plenty of hot Peets Coffee and delicious Kane's Donuts!, Nothing says I love you like a kiss from Kane's! Happy Valentines Day!, Don't forget your sweetheart! Stop by Kane's Donuts!, Valentines Day is coming! Forget about the stale chocolates, stop by Kane's and get your sweetheart some delicious, fresh goodies! After all donuts are love!, Kane's Red Velvet Cupcakes!, Good Snowy Morning! Kane's is OPEN!!!!! We have plenty of hot Peets Coffee and delicious Kane's Donuts!, We will be open tomorrow at 3:30!, Due to the impending  snow on Monday Kane's will be closed. Sorry for the inconvenience., Kane's is open with plenty of delicious donuts and hot Peets Coffee! We will be here today until 1pm!!!!, Thanks Merrimack College for serving Kane's Donuts!, Kane's Turtle Donut!, Kane's Cherry Glazed Donuts!, Happy National Carrot Cake Day! Try a Kane's Cupcake!!!!!!!!!!, Kane's is open today with plenty of donuts and hot coffee!, Thanks New England Patriots for a great season! Congratulations Super Bowl Champs! We love you!!!!!!, Let's Go New England Patriots! #12 we have faith in you! Hope everyone enjoys the Super Bowl! We are open until 1pm., Let's go Patriots bring us to another Super Bowl win!!!!!!!!!!!!The Delios family of Kane's Donuts are all rooting for you! We will be open on Sunday from 3:30AM TO 1:00PM with plenty of goodies for all Super Bowl parties!, Let's Go Pat's!, Kane's Raspberry Coconut Donut!, Great Day for a Kane's Cinnamon Frosted Coffee Roll!, Kane's will be open Thursday at 3:30am. Stop by for the best donuts ever!, Sorry for the inconvenience but due to the blizzard we will be closed Wednesday. Kane's will be reopened on Thursday at 3:30. Hope everyone is warm and safe!, Kane's will be closed Tuesday January 27th due to the impeding storm.  We suggest that you stop by today to get our delicious donuts! It certainly will make the storm seem sweeter!!, Kane's will be open at 3:30am   stop by before the storm and get some delicious goodies to enjoy!, Kane's Devil Dog Donut! If you have not tried one you really should! Delicious!, Nice Snowy Morning to stop at Kane's for delicious Donuts!, Kane's Honey Lemon Filled!!!!!!!!, Kane's Gluten Free Chocolate Glazed Donuts! Out of this world!, Kane's Pistachio Glazed Donuts!, Happy Martin Luther King Day! Kane's will be open until 5pm!! Stop in for some delicious donuts!!, Go Patriots!, Kane's Chocolate Marshmallow Donuts!, Kane's Honey Dip Donut!, Kane's Gluten Free Old Fashion Glazed Donuts!, Kane's Jelly Donut! Filled with Black Raspberry Jelly!, Kane's Snickers Donut!! A raised donut frosted with chocolate, dipped in crushed snickers then drizzled with caramel! Really Yummy!!, Let's Go New England Patriots !, Kane's is proudly serving Peet's Coffee!!, Kane's Chocolate Boston Cream Donut! You have to try this one! It's so good!!!, Looking for something special? Give us a call 781 233 8499!, Kane's Red Velvet Donuts!, The Delios Family would end 2014 with a big thank you to all our loyal customers! We wish all our family, friends and customers a very Happy New Year! We will be open on December 31st from 3:30AM to 4:00PM. Kane's will reopen on January 2nd at 3:30AM., Happy New Years Eve! Hope everyone has a safe and fun evening!, As 2014 comes to a close now is a great time to enjoy a Kane's Donut!! Come on by and enjoy a mouthwatering Kane's Honey Dip Donut!!, Congratulations to Ryan Gillis, Anthony Cogliano,and Dan Ameral for winning the Kane's Christmas Breakfast Drawing! Hope you enjoyed your prize!, To all our family, friends, and loyal Kane's customers The Delios Family would like to wish you a very Merry Christmas!, Merry Christmas Eve! Kane's has plenty of goodies even if you've been naughty and not nice!, Kane's will be open on Christmas Eve from 3:30 AM until 1:00 PM. To be assured that you get what you would like just give us a call and place an order 781-233-8499!, Kane's Coffee Roll! Honey Glazes or Cinnamon Frosted! Great gift idea! They go really fast so please call ahead to place an order 781 233 8499, Kane's Boston Cream Pie! If you haven't decided what to have for dessert on Christmas, stop by Kane's and place an order or give us a call at 781-233-8499! Boston Crème, Lemon Meringue, Cherry, Apple, Blueberry, Custard, Pumpkin, Coconut Custard, Pecan, and Ricotta. So come on in and pick up your dessert!, It's time for Kane's Gingerbread Donuts! Get them while you can!, With Hanukkah here Kane’s has introduced sufganiyot. All the ingredients are kosher. Please call ahead if you want to place an order 781 233 8499, Kane's Raised Chocolate Frosted Donut!!!!!, Kane's Red Velvet Muffin! It's a moist red velvet muffin with pieces of dark chocolate mixed in, then lightly drizzled with icing. Just delicious! Great way to start off a December Monday morning!!, Have you tried Kane's Eggnog Donuts yet? You should!!!!, Try Kane's Banana Nut Bread!, How about a Kane's Jalapeno Bacon Cheddar Donut to warm you up on this chilly December day?, Put everyone in a good mood at work today!! Stop by Kane's and pickup a dozen donuts!! Trust us it works!!, Need a holiday gift? Stop by Kane's we have available our brother Paul's Cookbook! We also have Kane's Candles!, Who wouldn't want a Kane's gift card this holiday season?, Kane's Gingerbread Muffin! It's a homemade muffin with real molasses and ginger, and it's topped with a fluffy, creamy topping! It's a delicious way to spice up a chilly day., Help us wish Jake a Happy Birthday by liking this post! Hope he enjoys his Kane's Donut Cake!, Kane's Creme Brulee Donut! So good!, We seriously don't think anyone can make a French Cruller as good as our sister Maria Delios !Melts in your mouth!, Even Al likes our donuts! Lol, Kane' s Jelly Donut Candle sure makes a great Christmas Gift!, Enter Kane's Donuts Christmas Breakfast Drawing! With every purchase you get a free entry! The Lucky Winner will be notified on December 23rd for December 24th pickup!!, Remember if you know someone who loves to cook pick up a copy of our brother Paul's New Cookbook!!! Its available at Kane's Donuts and on Amazon, Kane's Happy Birthday Maple Bacon Donut Cake!, Happy Small Business Saturday! Stop by Kane's and pick up a travel mug to help keep you warm, while you are at it try a Kane's Red Velvet Donut!, Black Friday shopping? Stop by Kane's Donuts and pick up a gift card!, The Delios Family owners of Kane's Donuts would like to wish all our fantastic staff, family, friends and the best customers ever, a very Happy Thanksgiving!! We know we have been open on Thanksgiving previous years but as a family we decided to close. We will be open tomorrow at 3:30 am for all you early shoppers and folks that have to get to work! The coffee will be on!!, Come down to Kane's Donuts with the family and take your holiday picture, then send it off to your loved ones and remind them what  Christmas is like back in Saugus, Stop by Kane's for all your Thanksgiving treats!, Thanksgiving is almost here!! Let Kane's make your pies! Just give us a call at 781 233 8499 to place an order, Doesn't a Kane's Boston Creme Donut sound nice right now?, Kane's Honey Glazed Coffee Roll!, Kane's Eggnog Donuts are here! Made with real eggnog ,nutmeg and a splash of rum!, Thanks PJ for stopping by!! Hope Loren & Wally enjoyed our donuts!, It is the perfect time to try our Cranberry Orange Nut Bread! Its so wonderful, and made with fresh, local cranberries., Kane's Honey Twist!, Kane's Pumpkin Donuts and Coffee!, What an honor to be on the Jeff Kuhner Show!, It's time to start thinking about Thanksgiving!! Let us make your holiday pie! Kane's pies are delicious! Just give us a call @ 781-233-8499!, null, Anyone in the mood for a Kane's Pumpkin Cheesecake Donut?, Good Morning! Are you ready for Kane's Red Velvet Cream Cheese Donut?, Have a special event? Call Kane's Donuts! 781 233 8499, Can you believe Thanksgiving is right around the corner? Let Kane's make your pies! Just give us a call at 781 233 8499 to place an order!, How about a Kane's Cookie and Cream Donut?, A nice morning for a Kane's Honey Glazed Coffee Roll!, Everyone at Kane's is just elated that Paul Delios  wrote this phenomenal cookbook! It truly tantalizes the taste buds! The entire Delios family is so proud of what Paul has accomplished!!, Don't forget to stop by Kane's on your way to the polls! Happy Election Day!, Hope everyone gets a chance to vote on Tuesday! On your way to the polls, stop by Kane's for a Box of Joe complete with all cups, lids,stirrers,creamers, and sweetners! While your at it, grab a dozen donuts! It certainly should sweeten up your day!, Another Kane's Chocolate Raspberry Donut Cake by Maria Delios !Simply Decadent!, Happy Halloween! We have plenty yummy treats available!, Kane's Trick or Treat Donut! It is sure to be a treat for all the little and big goblins! Don't forget to stop by Kane's for some Halloween goodies!!, Why not have a Kane's Lemon Filled Donut?, http://www.amazon.com/The-Greek-Table-Contemporary-Traditional/dp/1495392619/ref=sr_1_2?ie=UTF8&qid=1413975444&sr=8-2&keywords=paul+delios, Happy National Apple Day! Stop by Kane's and enjoy an apple cider donut!, Kane's Devil Dog Donuts!, Kane's Chocolate or Autumn Jimmies?, Introducing Kane's Reese's Pieces Donuts! Can't go wrong with this delicious combination, We thought you would like to enjoy the scent of Kane's at home! Try a Kane's candle!, Happy Columbus Day! Kane's will be open until 5pm today! Apple Cider Donuts!, We are open with plenty of Kane's hot Honeydip Donuts!, Kane's Pumpkin Coffee and Donuts!, Kane's Chocolate Butternut!, Really great day to stop and get a nice hot cup of Kane's Coffee and a Boston Crème Donut!, Kane's Angry Orchard Hard Cider Donut! Start October off with some new seasonal favorite!, Try a Samuel Adams Harvest Pumpkin Donut!, Wait till you try our Pumpkin Ale Infused Donuts!
, Kane's is making some special beer infused donuts as pairings for this event, plus a few of the usual goodies!, Have you tried our Apple Spice Donut or our Apple Crunch Donut? We can't decide which one we like better!!, Kane's Turtle Donut!  So good!, Kane's Caramel Apple Cupcake!, Stop by Kane's and have a delicious Chocolate Honeydip Donut while your at it don't forget to wish Maria a Happy Birthday!, Kane's Maple Bacon Donuts!, Thought you might want to read this!
, Kane's Plain Chocolate-Frosted Donut: Yummy! Need we say more?, Thank you InterContinental Hotels for including Kane's in your blog!! If you have a chance read this it's really fun!      Grab Your Kahkeez, We’re Heading To Boston! http://blog.ihg.com/grab-kahkeez-heading-boston, Kane's Honeydip Donuts!, Kane's Reeses Donut Cake!, Which Kane's Coffee Roll do you prefer, the Honey Glazed or Cinnamon Frosted?, Come on in for some hot apple cider and Kane's Apple Cider Donuts!, Some days you can't pick one! So get a dozen Kane's Donuts!, Kane's Maine Blueberry Donuts! A cake donut, with blueberries then dipped in our honey glaze!, Kane's Chocolate  Boston Creme Donuts!, Kane's Pumpkin Muffins!, Nice morning for a Kane's Pumpkin Donut and Pumpkin Coffee!, Don't forget to stop by today! We will have Patriots Donuts ready for the game! Go Pats!, Sure hope Sara enjoyed her Birthday Donut Cake! A raised donut filled with Dolce De Leche and Chocolate frosting, Snickers and Caramel!, We want to wish Shane a Happy Birthday! Thanks for letting Kanes be a part of your day!, Kane's Snickers Donut! Absolutely delicious!, Kane's Raspberry Crunch Donuts!, Stop by Kane's for a cold one!! It's going to be hot today!!, Kane's will be open on Labor Day from 3:30am to 5:00pm! Stop by for delicious donut!! Peanut Butter and Jelly Donuts!!, Happy 1st Birthday Weston!, Kane's Creme Brulee sure is yummy today!, For those of you who have been sort of patiently waiting starting tomorrow morning Kane's Pumpkin Donuts are backl!!!!!, Kane's Dolce De Leche Donut!, If you need to cool down, stop by Kane's Donuts we have plenty of delicious iced coffee and donuts!! By the way did you know our flavored coffees are not flavored shots. We use the real roasted coffee beans! If you like it sweet we have plenty of sugar and sweeteners on hand!, Kane's Maple Frosted Donut tastes great!! Made with Vermont Maple Syrup!!, Everyone at Kane's Donuts would like to wish Skyler and Zachary a lifetime of happiness! Congratulations on your wedding and thank you for having Kane's Donuts be a part of your big day!, Kane's Gluten Free Old Fashion Glazed!, Why not have a Kane's Powered Lemon Filled Donut?, Kane's Apple Cider Donuts!, Kane's Donuts will be open at 3:30am with plenty of hot Honeydip Donuts!, Kane's Apple Cinnamon Coffee Cake Muffins sooooooooo Tasty!!, Kane's Gluten Free Chocolate Glazed!, Introducing Kane's French Crullers!! An old fashion treat, each one of these light airy delights take on a shape of their own like a snowflake! Just wait until you have the pleasure of tasting this latest addition to our variety of donuts!, Thank you to everyone who took the time to vote for Kane's Donuts!! WE WON!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! We promise to continue to make the best donuts we possibly can! The Delios Family, Which Kane's Donut is your favorite?, Sure hope Laurie enjoyed her Donut Cake surprise!, Kane's Caramel Apple Filled Donut!! Filled with our tasty apple filling then frosted with our homemade caramel frosting!! A combination that is perfection!!, Hope Nicholas enjoys his Kane's Birthday Donut Cake!  Please help us wish him a happy birthday by liking this post!, Starting Monday, August 11th Kane's Donuts will be changing our hours. We will be open Monday thru Saturday 3:30 am till 5:00 pm. Sunday 3:30 am till 1:00 pm., Kane's Cookies and Cream Cupcake! We think Maria does a great job making these: the cake is rich, moist and chocolaty, and the frosting is a marshmallow-cream mixture with crunchy cookies mixed in!, Kane's Apple Spice Filled Donut!! So good!!, Great Afternoon for Kane's Pumpkin Iced Coffee!!, Kane's Marble Donut is the best of both worlds! A chocolate and an old fashioned plain blended together, then dipped in our Honey Glaze!, Kane's Sweet Honey Hibiscus Donuts!, Kane's Honey Lemon. It's unbelievable!, Kane's Ganache Cupcakes!, Please help us by clicking on the link below and voting for Kane's Donuts. Thank you he Delios Family!, Kane's Crullers! A real old fashion treat!, Kane's Turtle Donut! A chocolate donut, caramel frosting, crushed toffee and drizzled with dark chocolate!, We will be open Monday July 28th at 3:30am!!!, Kane's will be closed for vacation July 21st thru July 27th we will be reopening July 28th! Thank you!!, Kane's Jelly Donut! A light and airy yeast donut, filled with black raspberry and rolled in granulated sugar. They just are scrumptious!, Kane's Reese Cup Donut Cake!, Kane's Caramel Crunch Donut!!, Need to cool down? Stop by Kane's for a delicious Iced Coffee!, Nothing like a Kane's Honey Dip Donut! They just melt in your mouth!, We were so happy at Kane's Donuts that Peter's family surprised him with a Kane's Donut Cake! Help us wish him a happy birthday by liking this post!, Orange Creamcicle anyone?, Help Kane's wish a Happy Birthday to Kendall by liking this post!, Have you tried a Kane's Nutella filled Kronut yet? Incredible!, We know that it's a little work but if you could please click on this link and vote for Kane's Donuts as the Best Local Donuts Shop it would really show your love for us! Thank you to everyone who votes! 
 Love,
 The Delios Family, When you stop at Kane's make sure you take a picture and send it to us!, Since today is National Chocolate Day you can get your chocolate fix here at Kane's! We have a decadent Double Chocolate frosted Donut!, Kane's Sugar Raised Donut! Light and fluffy, it melts in your mouth!, Beautiful Sunday morning to stop by Kane's and try a Turtle Donut!, Good Morning! Start your day with a delicious Kane's Donut!, Happy 4th of July! Stop by Kane's for a delicious treat!, Kane's would like to wish everyone a safe, fun, Happy 4th of July!! We will be open from 3:30am until 12:00 pm!, Stop by Kane's today and try a Key Lime Pie Donut! Our brother Chef Paul Delios got very inspired by a recent trip to Florida and came up with this warm weather treat!, If you need to cool down, stop by Kane's Donuts we have plenty of delicious iced coffee and donuts!!, Sometimes it's just to hard to decide which Kane's Donut to pick!, We know that it's a little work but if you could please click on this link and vote for Kane's Donuts as the Best Local Donuts Shop it would really show your love for us! Thank you to everyone who votes! 
 Love,
The Delios Family, Kane's Orange Creamcicle Donut! An old fashion taste of summer!, Please help us celebrate with Maureen!! She is a long time employee at Kane's. Today was her last day, she is retiring. The entire Delios Family and all the staff at Kane's Donuts wish Maureen the best!! We certainly are going to miss this sweet lady, but now she can have some new adventures to share with us when she comes to visit!! Thank you Maureen for being the best!! oxoxo, Love Kane's Donuts? Then follow us on Instagram! 
http://instagram.com/kanesdonuts, Another delicious Kane's Donut Cake!, Kane's Vanilla Cupcake! If you haven't tried our cupcakes you should!, You asked for it and we brought it back! Kane's Smores Donut!!!, Beautiful afternoon to sit outside at Kane's and enjoy a donut!!, Best Wishes Diane! Hope she enjoyed her Large Donut Cake! Please like this post to congratulate Diane!, Stop by and have a cold one!! Our coffee is as delicious as our donuts! Try a cup of Kane's coffee!!, We know that it's a little work but if you could please click on this link and vote for Kane's Donuts as the Best Local Donuts Shop it would really show your love for us! Thank you to everyone who votes! 
Love,The Delios Family, Happy Father's Day!, Happy Father's Day to all our friends, family and customers !! We will be open today from 3:30 am to 1:00 pm. Stop by and pickup a treat for Dad!!, Happy Flag Day!, Sunday is Father's Day!! Be sure to give us a call with any special requests for Dad!! 781-233-8499, Don't forget Dad this Sunday!! Place your orders for pickup or shipping. Just give Kane's a call 781-233-8499., Today is National Iced Tea Day! Stop by Kane's and try our fresh brewed tea!, Please vote for Kane's Donuts on the Boston A-List!!!

, Kane's Maple Bacon Donut! A raised donut frosted with Vermont Maple Frosting then topped with Smoked Applewood Bacon! Delicious!, Kane`s Cookie and Creme Donut!, Friday June 6th is National Donut Day!! Come to Kane's and help us celebrate!! Since we know we have the best donuts in the world we decided that we should have the best coffee to go with our donuts!! In honor of National Donut Day with the purchase of a Dozen Kane's Donuts get a FREE Kane's Medium Iced or Hot Coffee!!, Kane's Raspberry Muffin!  Made with fresh raspberries!, Kane's Maine Blueberry Donut!!, It's Kane's Reese's Peanut Butter Cup Donut! A raised donut with chocolate frosting, peanut butter, a dollop of cream, then topped with a Reese's cup! You certainly are in for a real treat with this splendid creation!, Kane's Old Fashion Glazed Donut!!, Everyone at Kane's Donuts would like to wish Leah a very Happy Birthday! Please help us by liking this post!!, Kane's Sugar Raised Donut! Light and fluffy, it melts in your mouth!, Kane's Plain Donut with Chocolate Frosting and Chocolate Sprinkles! It sure goes well with a cup of Kane's coffee or a glass of cold milk!, Memorial Day is a US federal holiday wherein the men and women who died while serving in the United States Armed Forces are remembered. These brave men and women gave the ultimate sacrifice for all of us, so we can continue to enjoy the freedoms our great country provides. Kane's Donuts wants to say thank you!! We wish everyone a very Happy Memorial Day!!, Please help Kane's wish Phil a Happy Birthday by liking this post! Hope he enjoyed this Cinnamon Apple filled Donut Cake!, Kane's Sweet Peach Muffin!, Kane's Blueberry Filled Donut! A light airy donut, filled with blueberry then rolled in confectioners sugar. Just delicious!!, Kane's Chocolate Butternut Donut! A rich chocolate donut, dipped in our honey glaze then rolled in toasted butternut!! So good!, Great day for a Kane's Margarita Glazed Donut!, Kane's Jelly Donut! A light and airy yeast donut, filled with black raspberry and rolled in granulated sugar. They just are scrumptious, Let's Go Bruins!!!!!!!! We are all rooting for you at Kane's Donuts!!, Kane's Raised Chocolate Frosted! Melts in your mouth, light and airy, topped with Kane's homemade chocolate frosting!!, The Delios Family would like to wish all our friends and family a Very Happy Mother's Day!! We will be open today from 3:30 am until 1:00 pm if you need something sweet for Mom!!, Let's go Bruins! Bring home a big win!, Kane's Cinnamon Frosted Coffee Roll! It's the perfect gift to bring to Mom!! Call us at 781 233 8499., Remember this Sunday is Mother's Day!! If you are looking for  something sweet for Mom stop by Kane's we will have lots of special treats for her!!, Have you tried Kane's breakfast sandwiches? You really should because they are delicious and go great with a nice cup of Kane's Coffee!, So excited for the playoff game tonight!! Good Luck @NHLBruins  YOU GOT THIS!!!!!!!!!!!!, If there is anything specific that you want to get Mom from Kane's Donuts just give us a call 781 233 8499 ahead! We will be happy to help and take an order., We are in a real Pistachio mood lately at Kane's!! Have you tried our Pistachio Iced Coffee? It goes very nicely with either a Pistachio Muffin or a Pistachio Glazed Donut!!!!!!!!!!!, Thanks for the win @NHLBruins, Kane's has the perfect gift idea for Mom! Whether you need to have Mom's donuts shipped to her door or you want to bring some when you visit! Place your order so Mom gets her favorites!! We do ship nationwide, just go to our website or give us a call 781 233 8499!, Good morning! Is everyone ready for the Bruins game tonight? Let's Go Bruins Donuts!, Kane's Creme Brulee Donut! You should try one, they're so good!, Good morning! This is a great day to enjoy a Kane's Donut and a cup of Kane's coffee!, Not sure which Kane's Donut you would like? Just get a mixed dozen!, Let's Go Bruins! @NHLBruins, Have you tried a Kane's Banana Creme Nutella Kronut yet? We will have plenty available tomorrow morning!, Kane's Strawberry Frosted Donut! It's not just pretty, it's very tasty!, Kane's Raspberry Crunch Donut!, Good Luck today to all the runners and supporters of the Boston Marathon!!!, We want to wish all those who celebrate Easter tomorrow the best ever! Kane's will be open from 3:30 a.m.-1 p.m. We have lots of Easter goodies available...like our fresh whipped cream black raspberry Bismarks! Hope to see you., Kane's will be open this Sunday from 3:30 a.m.-1 p.m. for your Easter treats!, Everyone getting ready for Easter!! We will have lots of Easter goodies ready at Kane's!, Easter is on its way, so don't forget to stop by Kane's for some holiday goodies! Call and place your order at 781 233 8499, Hope Colleen and Donald had fun at their wedding shower! We loved making these delights! Congratulations!, Kane's Boston Cream Pie! If you haven't decided what to have for dessert on Easter, stop by Kane's and place an order or give us a call at 781-233-8499! Boston Crème, Lemon Meringue, Cherry, Apple, Blueberry, Custard, Pumpkin, Coconut Custard, Pecan, and Ricotta., Happy National Siblings Day from the Delios Family at Kane's Donuts!, Kane's Apricot-Filled Donut! Is it time you tried one?, Don't forget to order your holiday pies at Kane's! 781 233 8499, Kane's Chocolate Honey dipped Donut! Just delicious!!, What an amazing honor to make a 50th anniversary Kane's Large Donut Cake!, Thank you Merrimack College for letting Kane's Donuts be a part of STUDENT ACCEPTANCE DAY!, Let's go Red Sox!, Kane's Piistachio Glazed Donut!, null, Kane's will be open at 3 : 30 am! We will have plenty of hot coffee and Donuts!, Hope Elaine and Gregg enjoyed their Kane's Wedding Coffee Cake and their guests enjoyed the elegant wedding donuts!, Really great day to stop and get a nice hot cup of Kane's Coffee and a Boston Crème Donut!, Kane's Happy Easter Donut!! A raised Donut festively decorated! This will surely put you in the mood for spring!, Kane's Nutella filled Kronut! Simply unbelievable!, Easter is almost here! Stop by Kane's, because we have lots of yummy treats! As just one little example, this is our Carrot Cake Cupcake ... a moist carrot cake, frosted with a cream cheese frosting rolled in chopped walnuts! Come indulge, Kane's Butternut Donut!! Delicious!!, We were more than happy to make these beautiful donuts for Lindsey and Jason's bridal shower! Everyone at Kane's wants to wish you both all the best!, Good morning for a Kane's Honey Glazed Coffee Roll!, Kane's Lemon Coconut Donut! Truly delicious!, Today Kane's Donuts had the honor of participating  in a wedding planners event at The Harvard Club of Boston! So for all you future brides and grooms who are looking for an alternative to the standard wedding cake think Kane's Donuts!!, Kane's Maine Blueberry Glazed Donut!, Kane's would like to wish Kailyn a Happy Birthday! Just like this post to help us wish her the best! We are happy that she requested a Kane's Large Donut for her Cake!, Top of the mornin' to ya and Happy St. Patrick's Day from the Delios Family and everyone at Kane's Donuts!! Stop by Kane's today to get our delicious Irish soda bread!, Kane's Rose Petal Honey Glazed Donut!! Absolutely Delicious!, Thanks for visiting! Happy to hear that you enjoyed our donuts!, Kane's Sweet Honey Hibiscus Glazed!, Kane's Happy St Patricks Donut!, Kane's Caramel Crunch Donut! A raised donut frosted with caramel then dipped in buttercrunch! Yummy!, Kane's Chocolate Marshmallow filled donut!, Kane's Blueberry Filled Donut!! A light and airy donut filled with blueberries and rolled around in confectioners sugar., Kane's Chocolate Sugar Donut! A chocolate donut rolled in granulated sugar. Simple but delicious!, Kane's Cookies and Creme Donut!, Kane's Kronuts!!! If you haven't tried them yet you really should! We have Nutella, Dolce DE Lecce and Banana Crème Filled with Nutella!!, Kane's Honey Jelly! Filled with Black Raspberry Jelly and Honey Glazed! A wonderful combination of two favorites!, Kane's Chocolate Donut with Chocolate frosting!! Just decadent!!, It's Kane's French Toast Muffin ... a moist and tasty treat made with Vermont maple syrup, and then dusted with cinnamon and sugar. Come in and enjoy some breakfast ANY time of day, This is one of those New England winter days when a delicious Kane's Honey Glazed Coffee Roll with a hot cup of Kane's Coffee will warm you right up!!, Kane's Hot Cross Buns! These sweet, home-baked buns are a real treat during Lent (you didn't give up sweets, did you?!) ... but they're only available for a short time. So stop on by and get them while (and if!) you can!, Kane's Chunky Monkey Donut! Raised donut, frosted with banana frosting, crushed walnuts, dark chocolate drizzle!, Kane's Banana Nutella Kronut!, Kane's Apple Fritters for all you Hungry Critters! Tiny bits of apple are blended with cinnamon in our delicious dough, then the whole thing is dipped in our honey glaze!, Kane's Creme Brulee Donut! Filled with vanilla custard and then caramelized with that traditional torched sugar on top!, Kane's Pistachio Muffin! Moist, tasty loaded with pistachios!, Kane's Crullers!!  A lot of donut shops don't take the time to make these delicious creations but here at Kane's you will find all sorts of old fashion, homemade goodies!! Which one is your favorite?, Kane's Black Raspberry Bismarks!! Topped with fresh Whipped Cream! Time to try one if you haven't yet!!, Thank you Grub Street for putting Kane's Donuts on your list!! We are honored!!, Kane's Nutella filled Kronut! Simply unbelievable!, Kane's Raspberry Buttercrunch Donut! Filled with Black Raspberry, dipped in our honey glaze, then rolled in Buttercrunch! You are going to love this donut!, We think that this is a great idea! One of our customers got this message at work! So he brought it with him to show us!, When was the last time you tried our Mocha Cakes? A delicious cake with raspberry filling, rolled in coconut, topped with mocha frosting., Follow Kane's on Instagram!, Kane's Cinnamon Twist Danish! Kane's will be open on President's Day from 3: 30 am to 8:00pm!, Kane's Honey Lemon. It's unbelievable! Just the right thing to get you through another snow storm!!, null, null, Happy Valentines Day to all our customers, friends and family! If you are looking for something sweet stop by Kane's Donuts we have lots of delicious goodies for the ones you love!, Kane's Donuts has the perfect gift for Valentines! Kane's Donut Truffles!! Chocolate Orgasm, Cherry Cordial, Baklava, Raspberry, Boston Crème, and Hazelnut!! Our brother Paul Delios outdid himself these are incredible!, Nothing says I love you like a kiss from Kane's Donuts!, Want to get your Valentine something sweet and special? Stop by Kane's and pickup a box of donuts! That will surely brighten up your loved one's day!, Check out our reality television clip! Didn't work out but we sure had a blast making this!, Kane's Honey Dip Donut! We will be opening at 3 : 30 am Stop by and get the best donuts ever!, Kane's Chocolate Marshmallow-filled Donut! It's a raised donut with our homemade marshmallow filling that's dipped in rich chocolate. Get ready to delight your tastebuds!, Kane's Coconut Donut! Goes great with a cup of Kane's coffee, Kane's Strawberry Frosted Donut! It's not just pretty, it's very tasty!, Well looks like we are in for another snowstorm folks!!  It might be a good idea to stop by Kane's Donuts today to get a little something to tide you over during the storm!! We are open until 8:00 PM. Don't these raised chocolate frosted donuts look yummy?, Have you tried Kane's Chocolate Éclairs? They are incredible!!, Come to Kanes Donuts and and let's celebrate Groundhog Day unfortunately we heard we're going to be having six more weeks of winter some people happy about this!, Just wondering who you are rooting for in the Super bowl? You know we will have plenty of yummy donuts and goodies at Kane's! So stop by early to get something to enjoy while watching the game!, These yummy treats are only around for a short time so stop by and delight your taste buds!!, Come to Kanes Donuts and celebrate National Croissant Day! We are featuring Kane's Kronuts! Filled with Dulce De Leche!, Kane's Maple Bacon Donut! If you're a bacon fan this is a great treat!, Thought you'd like to see our Greek Family's shot at a reality show! Didn't get chosen by the networks but we sure had a blast making this!, Kane's Snickers Donut!! A raised donut frosted with chocolate, dipped in crushed snickers then drizzled with caramel! Really Yummy!!, Stop by Kane's Donuts to get your go Bruins Donuts!, Kane's Cookies and Cream Cupcake! We think Maria does a great job making these: the cake is rich, moist and chocolaty, and the frosting is a marshmallow-cream mixture with crunchy cookies mixed in!, Nothing like a Kane's Honey Dip Donut!, Great day for a Kane's Chocolate Butternut Donut and a hot cup of Kane's Coffee!!!, Kane's Cake Jelly Stick! This old-time favorite is made with our cake donut, filled with our Black Raspberry Jelly, and rolled in granulated sugar! The taste is just perfection!, We are so excited at Kane's Donuts to watch our beloved Patriots win tomorrow!!! We will be making plenty of Go Pats Donuts so stop by so you can enjoy them while watching our team become the next AFC Champs!!, Kane's old-fashioned Glazed Donut. This is one of those rare things that's always better being "old fashioned!, It's Kane's Reese's Peanut Butter Cup Donut! A raised donut with chocolate frosting, peanut butter, a dollop of cream, then topped with a Reese's cup! You certainly are in for a real treat with this splendid creation!, Kane's Turtle Donut! A rich Chocolate Honey dipped Donut covered with our caramel frosting then dipped in crushed toffee and nuts drizzled with dark chocolate!!!, Just wondering which is your favorite Kane's Donut?, Kane's Pistachio Muffin! A delicious treat on a winter day with a hot cup of Kane's coffee!, Don't forget to visit Kane's Donuts tommorrow to get your Go Pats Donuts for the big game!, Kane's Powdered Sugar Donut! This may get a little messy but it's worth every bite!, Kane's Boston Cream Donut! If you haven't tried one yet you really should ... it's a true treat for your tastebuds. A light and airy raised donut is filled with a tasty boiled vanilla cream, and then frosted with our rich chocolate. Delicious!, Kane's Apple Crunch Donut! This is a real treat!!, Kane's will be open at 3:30AM Saturday morning with plenty of hot coffee, donuts and muffins!, Well 2014 is looking as though it may be a great year! We are happy to continue to be making the best donuts we can! Kane's will be opening at 3:30 am Thursday January 2nd! We will have plenty of hot coffee and Donuts!, Happy New Years Eve!!, The Delios Family would end 2013 with a big thank you to all our loyal customers! We wish all our family, friends and customers a very Happy New Year! We will be open on December 31st from 3:30AM to 4:00PM. Kane's will reopen on January 2nd at 3:30AM., Hey all you Patriots fans! Don't forget to stop by Kane's tomorrow! We'll have plenty of Go Pats donuts and we will be open from 3:30 a.m. to 1 p.m., as usual. Come on by and Let's Go Patriots!, Kane's Whoopie Pie Donut! It is made with a raised donut and delicious whoopie pie filling, then it's rolled in confectioners' sugar and topped with some sprinkles! If you haven't had one yet, come
 in and delight your tastebuds!, To all our family, friends, and loyal Kane's customers The Delios Family would like to wish you a very Merry Christmas!, We never said we could dance well but we do make great donuts! Hope you have a good laugh Merry Christmas to everybody!, If these classic Honeydip Donuts make your mouth water, now's a good time to share that Kane's will be open from 3:30 a.m. until 1:00p.m. on Christmas Eve Day. And though we'll be closed  on Christmas Day (Dec. 25), we'll re-open bright and early on the 26th at 3:30 a.m. Meantime, we want to wish all of our wonderful customers a very Merry Christmas!, 
Delios Family Christmas Dance Off! Take a look and have a laugh! Vote which Delios has the best moves!, Kane's Honey Glazed Coffee Roll! Great gift idea! They go really fast so please call ahead to place an order 781 233 8499, Delios Family Christmas Dance Off! Take a look and have a laugh! Vote which Delios has the best moves!, Kane's Red Velvet Cupcake! A delicious red velvet cupcake topped with cream cheese frosting! The perfect addition to the Christmas desert table!, Kane's Jelly Donut!! Filled with Black Raspberry Jelly then rolled in granulated sugar! So good!!!!!!!!!!!, Kane's Gingerbread Cookies all decked out for the holidays!, null, Here was our shot at a reality show didn't work out but we sure had a blast making this!, Kane's Sugar Cruller! There is nothing like an old fashioned sugar cruller to melt in your mouth! Give it a try!, Here is a great gift idea! A Kane's gift card!, Kane's Red Velvet Muffin! It's a moist red velvet muffin with pieces of dark chocolate mixed in, then lightly drizzled with icing. Just delicious!, Kane's Kourabiethes are Greek butter cookies. A Delios family holiday favorite, we make them with a hint of ground cloves, a touch of orange rind, chopped walnuts and then top them with powered sugar! They're melt-in-your-mouth delicious, Kane's Boston Cream Pie! If you haven't decided what to have for dessert on Christmas, stop by Kane's and place an order or give us a call at 781-233-8499!  Boston Crème, Lemon Meringue, Cherry, Apple, Blueberry, Custard, Pumpkin, Coconut Custard, Pecan, and Ricotta. So come on in and pick up your dessert!, Season's Greetings from Kane's! If you need some festive donuts for your parties, stop in Kane's! We are whipping up lots of Holiday goodies!, How about shipping a Kane's Coffee Roll for the holiday's? We ship nationwide just give us a call 781-233-8499 or go to our website! This baby will surely put a smile on someone face when they open it up!!, Looking for something different for the holidays? How about a Kane's Donut Wreath!!, Kane's Red Velvet Donut! Get into the season!, Kane's Gingerbread Muffin! It's a homemade muffin with real molasses and ginger, and it's topped with a fluffy, creamy topping! It's a delicious way to spice up a chilly day., Kane's Creme Brulee Donut! Filled with vanilla custard and then caramelized with that traditional torched sugar on top, it's just one more reason to sing, "There is no place like Kane's for the holidays!", It's that time again folks! Kane's Eggnog Muffins! Made with fresh homemade eggnog, lightly flavored with rum, and just the right amount of nutmeg!!, Looking for a nice gift for the holidays for someone come to Kanes! Purchase a Kanes Travel Mug and warm up someone's day!, Kane's Gingerbread Donut! Get into the season with one bite! Rich molasses and a touch of ginger then dipped in our honey glaze., Help us wish Donald a happy birthday by liking this post!, Thought you might want to take a look at this !!, Introducing Kane's Eggnog Donut! Made with fresh eggnog, a splash of rum and freshly ground nutmeg, the donut is then dipped in our honey glaze. This tasty treat is sure to put you in the spirit (no matter what holiday you celebrate)!, Here's how we spent Thanksgiving!!, Who wouldn't want a Kane's gift card this holiday season? With every purchase of a gift card get a free large hot beverage for yourself!, Happy Thanksgiving to all our friends, family, and loyal customers!
Kane's fresh Whipped Cream Bismarks filled with black raspberry jam! They will certainly be a hit on any Thanksgiving table!, We want to wish everyone a Happy Thanksgiving! Not only are we thankful for making the best donuts in the world but for having the best customers! Kane's will be open from 3:30 am to 11:00 am! We will have plenty of pies, donuts, and yummy coffee rolls! Be sure to come early for the best selection!, To all our customers who celebrate Hanukkah we hope you enjoy your holiday!, Just thought that you would like to know that Kane's will be open on Thanksgiving morning 3:30AM TO 11:00AM. So if you are in the mood for some of the best donuts in the world stop on by or better yet give us a call at 781 233 8499!, It is the perfect time to try our Cranberry Orange Nut Bread! Its so wonderful, and made with fresh, local cranberries., With Hanukkah coming Kane’s has introduced a baked pastry called sufganiyot. All the ingredients are kosher. Please call ahead if you want to place an order 781 233 8499., Kane's Pecan Pie! Don't forget to place your orders for Thanksgiving! Call us at 781- 233 -8499, Kane's Cranberry Orange Fritters!, Kane's Pumpkin Pie! If you haven't tried it yet you don't know what you are missing. It is delicious!!!, Kane's Banana Nut Bread!, Time to think about Thanksgiving!!! Let Kane's do your baking. Give us as call at 781-233-8499!, 

 Thought you'd like to see the other version of the Delios family's shot at reality show! Did not work out, but we sure had a blast making this!, 
Thought you'd like to see the other version of the Delios family's shot at reality show! Did not work out, but we sure had a blast making this!, Veterans Day is a day we stop and thank those individuals who have performed a service to our nation. A service which millions of Americans enjoy the freedoms we take for granted. Thank you from everyone at Kane's Donuts! We will be open until 8:00PM today., Great to meet the Chatham family today! We had a visit from Matt Chatham 3 time Super Bowl champ! Patriot!!!!!!, Kane's Chocolate Butternut Donut!, It's time to start thinking about Thanksgiving!! Let us make your holiday pie! Kane's pies are delicious! Just give us a call @ 781-233-8499!, Kane's Plain Chocolate-Frosted Donut: Yummy! Need we say more?, Hope everyone has a safe, fun, and Happy Halloween! Don't forget to stop by Kane's for some yummy treats!! We will be open until 8:00 PM!!, Let's Go Red Sox!!!!!!!!!!!!, Kane's Trick or Treat Donut! It is sure to be a treat for all the little and big goblins! Don't forget to stop by Kane's for some Halloween goodies!!, Let's go Red Sox! Everyone at Kane's Donuts is rooting for you!, Thank you William and Travis for having Kane's Donuts on your Birthday!! Please like this post so we can wish a Happy Birthday to both of these fine boys!, Thanks Ortiz! Let's go Red Sox!, Let's Go Red Sox!!!!!!!!!!!!, Kane's Honey Glazed Coffee Roll!! Swirls of cinnamon in between the dough, dipped in our honey glaze, then topped with buttercrunch!, This was our shot at reality T.V. It didn't happen but it was sure fun making this! Take a look!!, This was our shot at reality tv didn't happen but was a lot of fun making this!, Thanks for the win Red Sox!, Let's do it again Red Sox!, Kane's Apple Spice Filled Donut!! Time to enjoy the fall flavors!, Kane's Pumpkin Coffee and Donuts! The best!, Thank you Thrill List!! 
http://www.thrillist.com/eat/boston/north-shore/best-donuts-in-boston#slide=, Let's go Red Sox!, Kane's Peanut Butter Cup Cupcake! If you have not tried our cupcakes yet then you are really missing out. We know that they are incredible!, October is Breast Cancer Awareness Month. Lets help fight this horrible disease! With each purchase of a Kane's Breast Cancer Awareness Donut we will donate 25% of the cost of the donut to the American Cancer Society!, Kane's Maple Frosted Donut tastes great!! Made with Vermont Maple Syrup!!, Kane's Corn Muffin!! A real old time favorite!, Kane's Bacon Maple Donut!, Kane's Turtle Donut! A Chocolate Honeydipped donut covered with caramel, dipped in crushed toffee, then drizzled with dark chocolate! A must have!, Have you tried Kane's Maple Nut Crunch Coffee? It goes great with our Vermont Maple Nut Cupcakes!, Kane's Caramel Apple Filled Donut!! Filled with our tasty apple filling then frosted with our homemade caramel frosting!! A combination that is perfection!!, Kane's Apple Crunch Donut's! Filled with tasty apples and dipped in our honey glaze, then covered in butter crunch!! What a treat for your taste buds!!, Not only are our donuts the best, but have you tried Kane's Cupcakes? They are just delicious!!, Kane's Pumpkin Donuts are here!!!!!!, Please help Kane's Donuts with wishing Oliver a very Happy Birthday! Just like this post!, No one makes a better Figure 8 Danish than our brother Steve. The danish pastry alone is just incredible...but then it's topped with raspberry and lemon filling and iced with the tastiest icing! Come to Kane's to taste for yourself!, Have you tried a Kane's Apple Cider Donut? It tastes as delicious as it looks!, Kane's Chocolate Donut with Chocolate frosting!! Just decadent!!, Kane's Apple Cinnamon Coffee Cake Muffins sooooooooo Tasty!!, Kane's Peanut Butter and Jelly Donut! Filled with our black raspberry jelly and topped with just right amount of peanut butter!, If you have a special occasion or event coming up and you would like something different, Kane's can certainly make deluxe donuts for your event!! Here is some that we just made for a wedding shower! Just give us a call at 781233 8499!, Show your love for Kane's Donuts and get your free bumper sticker!!, Kanes Donuts 

2 seconds ago.



Rosie and Dave decided that they wanted something different for their wedding cake. They asked if Kane's Donuts could make them a wedding cake made out of a donut. It was an honor to be a part of their special day!! The Delios family would like to wish a lifetime of happiness for the lovely couple. Please like this to congratulate them!!, Kane's Honey Dip Donuts!! These babies just melt in your mouth! They are so light and airy covered in our honey glaze!, Kane's Marble Donut is the best of both worlds! A chocolate and an old fashioned plain blended together, then dipped in our Honey Glaze., Please like to wish Nicholas a Happy Birthday!! We sure hope he enjoyed his Kane's Birthday Donut Cake!, If you love our donuts, you are going to love Kane's Breakfast Sandwiches!, The Delios Family would like to thank all our loyal customers for this award! This is a huge honor for us. We hope to continue to produce the best donuts we can and continue to use our Dad's recipe's. Thank you again to all who took the time to vote!!, Kane's Caramel Crunch Donut!!, Great day to have a Kane's Apple Fritter!, Kane's Crullers! A real old fashion treat!, Kane's Maine Blueberry! This is a cake-like donut with pieces of blueberry, then covered in our honey glaze. Just yummy!, What an amazing honor for Kane's Donuts!! We are so thrilled that we won again! Thank you to all our loyal customer!! You are the best!! If you were unable to watch NECN here is the clip, Kane's Blueberry Filled Donut!! A light and airy donut filled with blueberries and rolled around in confectioners sugar., Kane's Chocolate Honey Dipped Donut!!, Stop by and have a cold one!! Our coffee is as delicious as our donuts! Try a cup of Kane's coffee!!, Please vote for Kane's Donuts in the Boston A List contest! In order to vote you need to click on this link and register then you can vote for us. We know its a lot to ask but if you think we are the best than please vote. Thank you the Delios Family!, Kane's Raised Chocolate Frosted! Melts in your mouth, light and airy, topped with Kane's homemade chocolate frosting!!, We are happy to announce that our new website is up and running! It will make ordering for shipping or pick up a whole lot easier! So please take a look. www.kanesdonuts.com/, If you are looking for something refreshing you should try Kane's Pistachio Ice Cream Iced Coffee!! P.S. It goes great with Kane's Pistachio Nut Muffin!, Kane's Key Lime Donut! A tantalizing summer treat!!, Please vote for Kane's Donuts in the Boston A List contest! In order to vote you need to click on this link  and register then you can vote for us. We know its a lot to ask but if you think we are the best than please vote. Thank you the Delios Family!, If you need to cool down this weekend, stop by Kane's Donuts we have plenty of delicious iced coffee and donuts!!, Kane's is open from 3:30am to 11am on July 4th, When you come to visit us at Kane's make sure you take a picture in front of our Kane's Donut! We would love to see it so post it on this page!!, Well Summer is here and fresh peaches are in season! Time to try a Kane's Juicy Peach Muffin! It's delicious!!, Please vote for Kane's Donuts for Best Local Donut Shop on The Boston Alist!
 You need to click on this link to vote! 
Thank you,
The Delios Family, Recently we have changed over to paper hot coffee cups and some for our customers ask why? Read this link and know that we care about all of you! 
So please open this link, read it and never ever put Styrofoam to your mouth again or better yet don't let your loved ones drink from it!
 http://www.drweil.com/drw/u/QAA401095/Is-Styrofoam-Safe.html, One of the nice things about Kane's Donuts is that when someone places an order for an extra large donut we have no problem whipping one up!! Here's our Jelly Donut!, Let's go Bruins!  Even the crew behind the Bruins are eating Kanes Go Bruins Donuts!, Kane's Black Raspberry Crunch!!, When was the last time you had a Kane's Plain Chocolate Frosted with Rainbow Sprinkles? This yummy creation goes really great with a nice cold Kane's Iced Coffee!!, Let's Go Bruins!!, The Delios Family would like to wish a Happy Fathers Day to all our friends, family and loyal customers! We will be open on Sunday from 3:00AM to 1:00PM. We will have plenty of yummy gifts for Dad!, Maybe Dad would like a Kane's Coffee Roll for Father's Day!!, Please vote for Kane's Donuts for Best Local Donut Shop on The Boston Alist!
 Thank you!
, Let's go Bruins!! Everyone at Kane's Donuts is rooting for a big win!, Don't forget Dad this Sunday!! Place your orders for pickup or shipping. Just give Kane's a call 781-233-8499. Make sure Dad gets his favorites!, In case you missed this yesterday we thought you'd liker to see Jenny!, What a great way to spend National Donut Day! Jenny Johnson from NECN is the best! Kane's Donuts was more than happy to stop by with some of our yummy treats!!, Friday June 7th is National Donut Day!!! Kane's is celebrating tomorrow with the purchase of a dozen donuts get a free large beverage!! So stop on by! The Delios's are really excited to be at NECN with Jenny Johnson  tomorrow! Hope you get a chance to tune in!, You asked for it and we brought it back! Kane's Smores Donut!!!, Please vote for Kane's Donuts for Best Local Donut Shop on The Boston Alist!
Thank you!

By Maria Delios

http://soa.li/kA1hIHe
 Vote to make this nominee the BEST Local Donut Shop, Kane's Boston Red Sox Donut!! Lets hope for a big win tonight!, About a year ago a lovely couple asked us to make donuts for their wedding day! We were more than happy to do so. Well it's been a whole year and their parents wanted to surprise them with this wonderful present! Please like to help Kane's Donuts wish them a Happy  Anniversary!, The Delios Family would like to wish everyone a safe and Happy Memorial Day! Thank you to all who have served our country. We will never forget your sacrifices. Kane's Donuts will be open Sunday 3:30 AM to 1:00 PM and on Monday 3:30 AM to 8:00 PM., Kane's Jelly Donut! A light and airy yeast donut, filled with black raspberry and rolled in granulated sugar. They just are scrumptious!, Kane's Iced Coffee! Come on by and enjoy a delicious iced coffee and donut outside on our patio!, Kane's Blueberry Muffin!! Have you tried our blueberry muffins? We load them with just the right amount of blueberries. Give them a try all you blueberry lovers!, Lets Go Bruins!!! Everyone at Kane's is rooting for a nice win!!, We hope that Nicholas had a Happy 7th Birthday! He asked his Mom if he could have a birthday donut cake! It was sure fun making it for him! Like to wish him a Happy Birthday!, The Delios family would like to wish a Happy Mother's Day to all of our customers! We will be open on Mother's Day from 3:30AM to 1:00PM. If there is something special you'd like for your Mom from Kane's just give us a call 781 233 8499!, It sure is hard working the night shift, but Renee made it a lot sweeter for hard working crew at Brigham and Women by bringing in a little something from Kane's Donuts!, Don't forget Mom this Sunday!! Here's just one of the many different types of donuts we will be featuring Kane's Chocolate Raspberry Truffle!, Elizabeth's friends wanted to start her wedding day off with Kane's Donuts! They drove 12 hours to deliver our donuts to her!Now that is what we call good friends!! We wish her and her groom all the best!, We just got our new Kane's Ceramic Mugs in!! They are for sale, so if you are thinking about Mother's Day they sure do make a nice gift for Mom!!, The Delios Family wishes a Happy Greek Easter to all family and friends! Kane's will be open from 3:30 AM to 1:00 PM on Sunday!, Well you asked and finally we can say yes! We are now able to ship our world famous Kane's Coffee Rolls!! We make a honey glazed and a cinnamon frosted. So get ready to tantalize your taste buds and place an order!, Kane's has the perfect gift idea for Mom! Whether you need to have Mom's donuts shipped to her door or you want to bring some when you visit! Place your order so Mom gets her favorites!!, Now that the beautiful weather is here we have opened the patio at Kane's!, This was hanging at the Lenox Hotel, Kane's Honey Dip Donut. 
Voted best in the country!, Kane's Go Bruin's Donut!! Let's stay Boston Strong and have a nice win!!!, Kane's Chocolate Butternut!, Our thoughts and prayers go out to the victims of today's tragedy. God bless the USA., Being Greek we tend to favor our Baklava, so our brother Paul came up with the Kane's Baklava Donut!! Dipped in honey and rolled in cinnamon and nuts, it's delicious!!, Kane's Plain Donut with Chocolate Frosting and Chocolate Sprinkles! It sure goes well with a cup of Kane's coffee or a glass of cold milk!, Have you tried a Kane's Cupcake yet? This is our Lemon Chiffon! A golden cake filled with lemon and topped with a light lemon chiffon frosting!, It's Kane's Reese's Peanut Butter Cup Donut! A raised donut with chocolate frosting, peanut butter, a dollop of cream, then topped with a Reese's cup! You certainly are in for a real treat with this splendid creation!, Try our newest muffin! We featured this beauty in the most recent issue of the Kane's newsletter but it's so good, we're showing it to you here again. It's our French Toast Muffin ... a moist and tasty treat made with Vermont maple syrup, and then dusted with cinnamon and sugar. Come in and enjoy some breakfast ANY time of day!, No joke: It's the Kane's e-newsletter (with a coupon for free stuff)! http://conta.cc/16sqV9U, We want to wish all those who celebrate Easter tomorrow the best ever! Kane's will be open from 3:30 a.m.-1 p.m. We have lots of Easter goodies available...like our fresh whipped cream black raspberry Bismarks! Hope to see you., Easter is almost here! Stop by Kane's, because we have lots of yummy treats! As just one little example, this is our Carrot Cake Cupcake ... a moist carrot cake, frosted with a cream cheese frosting rolled in chopped walnuts! Come indulge., Kane's Easter Donut! Kane's will be open this Sunday from 3:30 a.m.-1 p.m. for your Easter treats!, Easter is on its way, so don't forget to stop by Kane's for some holiday goodies! Call and place your order at 781 233 8499., Kane's Lemon Coconut Donut! Truly delicious!, Kane's Powdered Sugar Donut! This may get a little messy but it's worth every bite!, Don't forget to order your holiday pies at Kane's!, Hope everyone is having a Happy St. Patty's Day! We sure did at Kane's! Here are Nick Delios and Peter Delios Jr. before having a cup of Kane's coffee!, Happy St Patrick's Day from everyone at Kane's Donuts!!, Kane's Cinnamon Donut! Our Mom, Kay Delios's favorite donut! An old fashion plain donut, rolled in cinnamon and sugar., Kane's Snickers Donut! A raised donut, dipped in chocolate frosting, topped with crushed Snickers candy bar pieces and peanuts, then drizzled with caramel! Come on ... you know you want a bite!, SHIPPING Donuts

We require: 
NAME: 
PHONE:
STREET:
CITY OR TOWN:
STATE:
COUNTRY:

CREDIT CARD NUMBER:
EXPIRATION DATE:
SECURITY CODE: 
Then we will need to get back to you with the total cost for your approval, before we ship anything. 
All shipments orders are to be placed on Monday or Tuesday 
for a Wednesday or a Thursday shipping. 
NO SHIPPMENTS ON FRIDAY THRU SUNDAY 
THANK YOU, Kane's Plain Donut! Trust us: there's nothing "plain" about this cake-y, flavorful donut, with hints of spice and homemade goodness that separates ours from the rest. Rediscover an old New England favorite!, null, Kane's Turtle Donut! It's a Chocolate Honey Dipped donut, covered with caramel, dipped in toffee bits and drizzled with dark chocolate. It's the ultimate in decadence., Welcome to the Easter edition of the Kane's Donuts e-newsletter! http://conta.cc/Ya9xD1, Kane's Boston Cream Donut! If you haven't tried one yet you really should ... it's a true treat for your tastebuds. A light and airy raised donut is filled with a tasty boiled vanilla cream, and then frosted with our rich chocolate. Delicious!, null, null, Don't forget that Kane's is open seven days a week at 3:30 a.m.! Stop by for some hot and fresh donuts and coffee!, Kane's St. Patrick's Day Donut! It's a raised donut with vanilla frosting and it's festively decorated! Your taste buds will be in luck!, Please follow us on Instagram! Our username is kanesdonuts. Every follow is appreciated! Thanks, Kane's Vermont Maple Walnut Cupcake! A golden cake, frosted with our maple frosting and rolled in fresh chopped walnuts! A real New England dessert., Kane's Hot Cross Buns! These sweet, home-baked buns are a real treat during Lent (you didn't give up sweets, did you?!) ... but they're only available for a short time. So stop on by and get them while (and if!) you can!, What a nice suprise we found when we opened up the Sunday Boston Globe Magazine! We're listed in the "20 Ways To Make Your Staycation Feel Like a Vacation" article! It says Kane's Donuts make the best donuts in the universe! Thank you, Globe Magazine!, And just to give you even MORE to love this weekend...If you're in Boston tomorrow (Sunday 17 Feb), our brother Paul Delios will be at the Boston Wine Expo helping fellow chef and his dear friend Mary Ann Esposito (host of PBS' "Ciao Italia," television's longest-running cooking show) during her cooking demonstration. It starts at 1:30 p.m., and there will be plenty of samples and a chance to see Paul and Mary Ann, and to buy Mary Ann's most recent cookbook, "Ciao Italia Family Classics." Paul hopes to see you there! (And for more expo info see below: http://www.wine-expos.com/Wine/expo/)., Kane's Cherry Glazed Donut!, We really take Valentine's Day seriously at Kane's Donuts. Our brother, Chef Paul Delios, got very creative and came up with Donut Truffles. They're the perfect gift for your sweetheart! The assortment comprises the Chocolate Orgasm, a Red Velvet dipped in white chocolate and rolled in flaked coconut, and of course (being Greek), and a Baklava donut truffle that's drenched in honey, cinnamon and walnuts! Let Paul's creations for Kane's help you make someone's Valentine's Day extra sweet!, Want to get your Valentine something sweet and special? Stop by Kane's and pickup a box of donuts! That will surely brighten up your loved one's day!, If you're tired of shoveling, here's some sweet news to get you through your night: Kane's will be open tomorrow from 3:30 a.m.-1 p.m. Come on in and try a Red Velvet Cupcake topped with cream cheese frosting. It'll be the perfect post-Nemo treat!, Kane's will be open in tomorrow morning with plenty of hot coffee, donuts and muffins! Come stock up before the storm!, Don't forget to stop by Kane's for something yummy to tide you over until the blizzard!, Kane's Chocolate Raspberry Truffle Donut! It's a delicious Chocolate Honey Dipped donut with raspberry frosting and dark chocolate stripes, topped with mini raspberry truffles! A decadent delight, indeed., Kane's Coconut Donut! Goes great with a cup of Kane's coffee!, It's the Kane's e-newsletter! Filling you with sweet V-Day inspiration. http://conta.cc/Vp8DiY, So...is everyone gearing up for the Super Bowl? Should Kane's make 49ers and Ravens donuts? Let us know before the big game!, Kane's Cookies and Cream Cupcake! We think Maria does a great job making these: the cake is rich, moist and chocolatey, and the frosting is a marshmallow-cream mixture with crunchy cookies mixed in!, Some of you have asked if Kane's makes bagels and we sure do: Plain, Cinnamon Raisin, Everything, Onion, Sesame Seed and Honey Wheat. And we've got cream cheese, butter and peanut butter to top them...so there's something for everyone., Kane's Coconut Macaroon Cookies! These treats have a wonderfully sweet coconut flavor, with a crisp exterior and a soft and chewy texture inside. Pretty to see, and even tastier to eat!, Kane's Chocolate Marshmallow-filled Donut! It's a raised donut with our homemade marshmallow filling that's dipped in rich chocolate. Get ready to delight your tastebuds!, Kane's Red Velvet Muffin!  It's a moist red velvet muffin with pieces of dark chocolate mixed in, then lightly drizzled with icing. Just delicious!, Introducing the Kane's Chunky Monkey Donut!  It's a raised donut covered with banana frosting, a hefty drizzle of milk chocolate, and topped with chopped mixed nuts! We promise you'll go bananas over it., Kane's turnovers! We make ones that are apple- and raspberry-filled, and both are in a delicious flaky pie crust., Let's go Patriots bring us to another Super Bowl! The Delios family of Kane's Donuts are all rooting for you! We will be open on Sunday from 3:30AM TO 1:00PM., Not only does Kane's make the best donuts, but our brother Steve Delios makes a pretty darn good bakery-style pizza!, Kane's Mr. Goodbar Donut! Here's a new treat you should try!, Kane's Apple Crunch Donut! This delight goes great with a cup of Kane's coffee!, Hey all you Patriots fans! Don't forget to stop by Kane's tomorrow! We'll have plenty of Go Pats donuts and we will be open from 3:30 a.m. to 1 p.m., as usual. Come on by and Let's Go Patriots!, Kane's old-fashioned Glazed Donut. This is one of those rare things that's always better being "old fashioned!, Kane's Strawberry Frosted Donut! It's not just pretty, it's very tasty!, Kane's Pistachio Muffin! A delicious treat on a winter day with a hot cup of Kane's coffee!, We couldn't resist taking a picture of Patrick and Isabel eating their Kane's donuts! They are both just too cute!, If you missed Kane's Donuts on NECN TV Diner here is the link so you can watch us!
, Kane's had the pleasure of Billy Costa visiting us today! Be sure to tune in to TV Diner on NECN and NECN.com: Saturday at 10 a.m. and 7 p.m. to see Kane's Donuts!, Kane's Snickers Donut was a new addition in 2012 and it sure is yummy! The Delios family would like to invite our most important critics, our customers, to give us some new donut ideas. If you can think of anything please let us know!, Happy New Year from Kane's Donuts! Here's our January e-newsletter! http://conta.cc/UGq5CS, The Delios family of Kane's Donuts wants to wish all our family, friends, and customers a Happy New Year!, Kane's Whoopie Pie Donut! It is made with a raised donut and delicious whoopie pie filling, then it's rolled in confectioners' sugar and topped with some sprinkles! If you haven't had one yet, come in and delight your tastebuds!, Kanes Sugar Cruller! There is nothing like an old fashioned sugar  cruller to melt in your mouth! Give it a try!, We wanted to announce the lucky winner in our drawing for a free Christmas morning breakfast: it's Cynthia Comeau! Please "like" us to congratulate her!, If these classic Honeydip Donuts make your mouth water, now's a good time to share that Kane's will be open from 3:30 a.m. until 2 p.m. on Christmas Eve Day. And though we'll be closed on Christmas Day (Dec. 25), we'll re-open bright and early on the 26th at 3:30 a.m. Meantime, we want to wish all of our wonderful customers a very Merry Christmas!, Kane's Boston Cream Pie! If you haven't decided what to have for dessert on Christmas, stop by Kane's as we'll be sporting a delicious rack of pies!
Chocolate Whipped Cream, Banana Cream, Lemon Meringue, Cherry, Apple, Blueberry, Custard, Pumpkin, Coconut Custard, Pecan, and Ricotta. So come on in and pick up your dessert!, Kane's Honey Glazed Coffee Roll! Great gift idea! They go really fast so please call ahead to place an order 781 233 8499, Kane's Christmas Donut! Christmas Day is on its way! Decorated to delight young and old for the holiday season!, Kane's Rum Raisin Muffin! A wonderful seasonal treat! Don't forget to place your orders for Christmas! Just give us a call at 781 233 8499., Kane's Cinnamon Frosted Coffee Roll! It's the perfect gift to bring to friends and family. Call us at 781 233 8499., Look at these freshly baked Kane's Christmas cookies! We offer a wonderful assortment, so let us do the baking for you and stop by to pick up a tray. You won't be sorry!, Kane's Chocolate Cream Pie! Fresh, homemade whipped cream tops rich chocolate pudding in a flaky crust. To make it even more delicious, we top the whole thing with chocolate cookie crumbs! We think it's the perfect desert! Call 781 233 8499 to place your orders., If you're looking for something tasty, come to Kane's. We have lots of holiday treats like this festive little number that (we hope) should put a smile on anyone's face., Kane's Creme Brulee Donut! Filled with vanilla custard and then caramelized with that traditional torched sugar on top, it's just one more reason to sing, "There is no place like Kane's for the holidays!", Kane's Gingerbread Cookies all decked out for the holidays!, Kane's Kourabiethes are Greek butter cookies. A Delios family holiday favorite, we make them with a hint of ground cloves, a touch of orange rind, chopped walnuts and then top them with powered sugar! They're melt-in-your-mouth delicious., Introducing Kane's Eggnog Donut! Made with fresh eggnog, a splash of rum and freshly ground nutmeg, the donut is then dipped in our honey glaze. This tasty treat is sure to put you in the spirit (no matter what holiday you celebrate)!, Who wouldn't want a Kane's gift card this holiday season? With every purchase of a gift card get a free large hot beverage for yourself!, To all our customers who celebrate Hanukkah we hope you enjoy your holiday!, Season's Greetings from Kane's! If you need some festive donuts for your parties, stop in Kane's! We are whipping up lots of Holiday goodies!, With Hanukkah coming Kane’s has introduced a baked pastry called sufganiyot. All the ingredients are kosher. Please call ahead if you want to place an order 781 233 8499., Kane's Turtle Donut! A Chocolate Honeydipped donut covered with caramel, dipped in crushed toffee, then drizzled with dark chocolate! A must have!, Happy Dec. 1, everyone! We're celebrating the month with the newest issue of Kane's e-newsletter, "From The Baker's Bench." Click here for a coupon...and Happy Saturday! http://conta.cc/UyguNM, Kane's Gingerbread Muffin! It's a homemade muffin with real molasses and ginger, and it's topped with a fluffy, creamy topping! It's a delicious way to spice up a chilly day., Kane's Red Velvet Donut! Try it for yourself...there is nothing this delicious!, Nothing could be more seasonal than a Kane's Gingerbread Donut and a Cup of Kane's Coffee! It will definitely warm you up inside!, It's that time again folks! Kane's Eggnog Muffins! Made with fresh homemade eggnog, lightly flavored with rum, and just the right amount of nutmeg!!, Kane's Sugar Raised Donut! Light and fluffy, it melts in your mouth!, Tomorrow is Small Business Saturday! Kane's is offering a coupon on the bottom of our newsletter just click on the link to print it out!
We are also offering with every gift certificate purchase a free hot large beverage! http://conta.cc/SzGfvP, We want to wish everyone a Happy Thanksgiving! Not only are we thankful for making the best donuts in the world but for having the best customers! Kane's will be open from 3:30 am to 11:00 am! We will have plenty of pies, donuts, and yummy coffee rolls! Be sure to come early for the best selection!, What makes our pies so incredible? It's the flakey pie crust we're able to get when they are baked in our brick-lined oven. It just brings out all of that old fashioned goodness!, Kane's fresh Whipped Cream Bismarks filled with black raspberry jam! They will certainly be a hit on any Thanksgiving table!, Just thought that you would like to know that Kane's will be open on Thanksgiving morning 3:30 am to 11:00 am. So if you are in the mood for some of the best donuts in the world please stop on by or better yet give us a call to place an order! 781 233 8499, Over the holiday season Kane's will be making Chocolate Eclairs! They're a nice addition to any dessert table!, You will be a hit on Thanksgiving if you show up with a Kane's Lemon Meringue Pie! Just give us a call 781 233 8499!, While ordering your Thanksgiving pies at Kane's you should get yourself a nice hot cup of Kane's Coffee and a yummy Cranberry Orange Nut Muffin!, It's time to start thinking about Thanksgiving!! Let us make your holiday pie! Kane's pies are delicious! Just give us a call @ 781-233-8499!, We want to thank all of our veterans for all they have done for us. Hope everyone is having a wonderful weekend. Stop by Kane's tomorrow for a Banana Nut Muffin and a cup of Kane's coffee!, Kane's Apricot-Filled Donut! Is it time you tried one?, Kane's Cake Jelly Stick! This old-time favorite is made with our cake donut, filled with our Black Raspberry Jelly, and rolled in granulated sugar! The taste is just perfection!, Hope everyone gets a chance to vote on Tuesday! On your way to the polls, stop by Kane's for a Box of Joe complete with all cups, lids,stirrers,creamers, and sweetners! While your at it, grab a dozen donuts! It certainly should sweeten up your day!, With Daylight Savings time here, we hope everyone got an extra hour to sleep! It is the perfect time to try our Cranberry Orange Nut Bread! Its so wonderful, and made with fresh, local cranberries., We have to say that our brother, Steve, is such an incredible baker! You have to try his squares! They're filled with lemon, fig or apple and they're wrapped in the flakiest pie crust! Stop by Kane's this weekend and enjoy some old-fashioned goodness!, It's the Kane's Donuts e-newsletter, featuring fall treats, a Thanksgiving recipe and a coupon. Happy November! http://conta.cc/SzGfvP, Happy Halloween! Hope everyone has a safe and fun day! Try our Pumpkin Donuts! They are a Kane's favorite!, Let's face it: After Sandy came for a visit, we all deserve a little treat! So stop on by Kane's to sweeten up after the storm!, Thank you Janet for sharing your birthday with us! Janet's friends kidnapped her at 3:30 AM to come to Kane's for a hot donut and start her birthday of right!, Kane's Trick or Treat Donut! It is sure to be a treat for all the little and big goblins!, It's time for a Kane's Boston Creme, you know you want one!, Why not have a Kane's Powered Lemon Filled Donut?, Try some scary Kane's gingerbread creatures! They will truly haunt your tastebuds with delight!, Don't forget to stop by Kane's for all your spooky treats! Even the big kids like our Spider Donuts!, Introducing Kane's Reese's Pieces Donuts! Can't go wrong with this delicious combination!, Have you ever tried Kane's Pumpkin Pie? The taste is amazing!, Kane's Plain Chocolate-Frosted Donut: Yummy! Need we say more?, Today at Kane's we made football donuts for William's birthday! We are so happy that he and his friends enjoyed them!, Time to come to Kane's! We will be open at 3:30 a.m., and there will be plenty of nice, hot donuts and coffee rolls!, Kane's Cookie and Creme Donut! A delicious honeydipped donut frosted with our homemade vanilla creme...then covered in Oreo cookies. For the kid in everyone!, Have you tried our Corn Muffins lately? It's like tasting some old-fashioned goodness. So yummy!, Get these Halloween treats for your kids while you can! We call it the Kane's "Dirt 'N Worms Donut!" It's a chocolate honey dip covered in fudge frosting, sprinked with Oreo cookie crumbs, and topped off with some ghoulish gummy worms! We know, we know: It's not a Bismark! But it just might put a smile (and some chocolate) on your kids' faces!, Hey everyone hope you are enjoying your Columbus Day weekend, just wanted to let you know that Kane's will be open 3:30AM TO 8:00PM on Monday!, Kane's Maine Blueberry! This is a cake-like donut with pieces of blueberry, then covered in our honey glaze. Just yummy!, Kane's Boston Creme with Chocolate Sprinkles...a fun version of a classic!, Kane's M&M Donut. Just the treat for an October day!, The new Kane's e-newsletter is here! Click to open and get the monthly coupon.  http://conta.cc/O0RPj3, Time to come to Kane's and get your Go Pat's Donuts!!, Hey, all you Chocolate Lovers! You should try our Kane's Chocolate Butternut! The same great butternut coating is smothered all over a chocolate donut. Deeee-lish. Promise., Kane's Hot Mulled Apple Cider...an autumn treat!, Kane's Pumpkin Muffins are just delicious!, Here's the latest creation at Kane's Donuts: The Snickers Donut!, No one makes a better Figure 8 Danish than our brother Steve. The danish pastry alone is just incredible...but then it's topped with raspberry and lemon filling and iced with the tastiest icing! Come to Kane's to taste for yourself!, Kane's Pumpkin Donut. You gotta give it a try!, It's a great day to come on in and try Kane's Pumpkin Spice Coffee!, http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=alq6gSUrmUM&feature=plcp, We're so proud: Kane's was featured by www.Ablevision.org in a new video that was just posted to YouTube. Take a look? And thank you to our wonderful customers who were willing to go on camera. We appreciate your support every day! http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lk3Fy6yqKKc., Today at Kane's we are officially starting the use of new dozen donut boxes! They are large and flat, which means no more stacking the donuts on top of one another and squeezing them into the box! We hope you'll like them just as much as we do., Kane's Maple Frosted Donut tastes great!, Kane's Bismarks are filled with our delicious black raspberry filling and topped with homemade fresh whipped cream!, Kane's Butternut Squash Muffins are just phenomenal!!, Kane's Caramel Apple-Filled Donuts, a fabulous fall treat!, null, When was the last time you tried our Mocha Cakes? A delicious cake with raspberry filling, rolled in coconut, topped with mocha frosting., Have you tried a Kane's Apple Cider Donut? It tastes as delicious as it looks!, Click here for "From The Baker's Bench," the Kane's Donuts e-newsletter. http://conta.cc/N9iutG, Thank you to all our customers and friends for your kind thoughts about the loss of our Dad. We really appreciate your support.
Love,
The Delios Family, .  Although we all prayed for healing, sadly Dad Delios passed away earlier today. Services will include:
•	Wake on Thursday night (8/30/12) from 4:00 p.m. to 8:00 p.m. at the Solimine Landergan & Richardson Funeral Home, 426 Broadway (Rt. 129), Lynn, MA  www.solimine.com.  
•	Funeral on Friday morning (8/31/12) at 10:00 a.m. at St. George Greek Orthodox Church, 54 South Common Street, Lynn, MA.  Parking will be limited to on street.as the church lot will be set up for the Friday night commencement of the annual church festival.                 

We are grateful for you prayers and thoughts, they have been much appreciated. 
Thank you again for your support and friendship.

Love,
the Delios  Family, http://www.huffingtonpost.com/2012/08/22/best-indie-doughnut-shops_n_1823229.html?ir=Small+Business#slide=1417239, Kane's Apple Fritters for all you Hungry Critters! Tiny bits of apple are blended with cinnamon in our delicious dough, then the whole thing is dipped in our honey glaze!, Kane's Marble Donut is the best of both worlds: a chocolate and an old fashioned plain blended together, then dipped in our Honey Glaze., Kane's Apple Spice is very nice!, Kane's Caramel Crunch. You won't regret it!, Kane's Peanut Butter and Jelly Donut! Filled with our black raspberry jelly and topped with just right amount of peanut butter!, Apple Cinnamon Coffee Cake Muffins sooooooooo Tasty!!, Have you tried our Kane's Coffee? It sure goes well with a Rainbow Sprinkle Donut!, Kane's Blueberry-filled Donut just bursting with blueberries!, Chocolate with Chocolate Frosting just decadent!, Honey Lemon. It's unbelievable!, We won!!! Thank you to all our loyal customers who voted for us! We really appreciate you taking the time to vote this was no easy task!, If you haven't had one yet it's time to try our new Butterfinger Donut., Hi! Kane's August Newsletter, Take 2. http://conta.cc/MZy1vc, When was the last time you tried one our Kanes crullers?, So which coffee roll do you prefer Honey Glazed or Cinnamon Frosted?, Our Honey Glazed Coffee Rolls are a real treat!, Please vote for us under Best Local Donut Shop! Thank you 
, You really should try our Red Velvet Donuts!, Can't help it: We just love our sign!, Hey, all you brides and grooms out there: it's Maria from Kane's. Anyone have any photos of their "Kane's Donut Wedding Cakes" you want to send me? We'd love to see your pics (and we may even use one or two for the next newsletter). Thanks!, Nothing like a Kane's Chocolate Honeydipped!, Have some Summertime Fun. Come try Pink Lemonade!, You know that you want to come to Kane's for a tasty Butternut Donut!, null, Have you tried our Chocolate Coconut Donut lately? It is so delicious!!, null, Come and enjoy an iced coffee and donut outside on our new patio!, Yes we are open 3:30am to 11am on July fourth., Happy July! Celebrate the 4th with Kane's! http://conta.cc/LqL7y6, null, http://www.necn.com/06/25/12/2012-Best-doughnuts-Kanes-Donuts/landing_mobile.html?blockID=730108&feedID=4206

NECN Contest Baby your the Best! Thank you to all our loyal customers!! We won first place!, NECN Contest Baby your the Best! Thank you to all our loyal customers!! We won first place!, Come and have a nice COLD  and REFRESHING iced coffee outside on our patio!, Please vote!, http://www.vh1.com/video/misc/791150/donut-date.jhtml#id=1687335
See Kanes on Tough Love!, null, Don't forget Dad this weekend!, http://www.yelp.com/biz/kanes-donuts-saugus

SHARE YOUR COMMENTS ON YELP!, Kane's coffee!, Kane's Donuts in the Boston area on the A-List http://boston.cityvoter.com/

Please vote!!
, http://www.delish.com/food-fun/best-doughnuts#slide-1
Best Doughnuts in America - Best Doughnut Shops 
www.delish.com
We think these are some of the best doughnut shops from coast to coast (with some New Orleans beignets in between)..., Happy National Donut Day, everyone! Thanks for all of the Kane's love, today and throughout the year., "From The Baker's Bench" -- Kane's June newsletter --is here! It has a special coupon good only for Friday June 1, so open it, print it, and come in to visit us tomorrow on National Donut Day! http://conta.cc/L6iglM, null, Did you have your Fruit Loops today?, What nice day today at Kanes! We got to watch the Memorial Day Parade and sit outside with a Iced latte and a Honeydip donut it was a great combo!!, Making a fresh batch of Breakfast Burritos. Ingredients: sausage, eggs, peppers, onions, and cheddar and jack cheeses all wrapped in a flour tortilla...and a little love!, Say Happy Mother's Day with a chocolate raspberry truffle donut from Kane's Donuts, Follow us on Twitter! @KanesDonuts, Let's Go Celtics!, Look what's here! The May issue of "From The Baker's Bench" is ready to read. Click, open...and enjoy a coupon you can use all May. http://conta.cc/KEsFoj, null, Peanut Butter and Fluff...for the kid in all of us!, S'mores donut anyone?, It's Hazelnut creme!, Apple, Lemon, or Raspberry, each fresh from the oven to your tummy. Mmmm, YUMMY!, If you love our Donuts you'll love our Breakfast Sandwiches!, Maria Delios, Jim Belushi and Steve Delios at Kane's Donuts this Sunday. What a really nice guy Jim is! See...you never know who might turn up at Kane's!, Hello! Kane's Donut's First Newsletter Has Arrived! http://conta.cc/HrnK4U, Easter Donuts from Kane's., Fresh Maine Blueberry Muffins., I just can't decide which one looks better! I think I'll have to test them all!, If you've never seen our coffee roll, this is it. Want to wake up happy? Have a slice with coffee for breakfast...or better yet, get one today and have some for dessert after dinner!, Try a Boston Creme today!, "Fill my belly,with a jelly....", Our Reese's Donut., Erin Go Bragh!, Sometimes, there is nothing like having a fresh, crispy Plain Donut in the morning!, A little chocolate anyone?, Look at this Black Raspberry Crunch. Mmm-mmm good!, Earn your stripes and try a Zebra donut!, null, null, Creme Brûlée  Donuts. It doesn't get much better!, Stop by and sign up for our News Letter "From the Baker's Bench", null, Happy Valentines Day! Come on by for something sweet!, Have you tried our Turtle donut ?, Come on by this weekend and get a Go Pats donut! Can you tell what team we are rooting for?, null, Nothing beats a Kane's black raspberry jelly donut!, HAPPY HEALTHY NEW YEAR TO EVERYONE!, MERRY CHRISTMAS TO EVERYONE!!!, Hey come on in and try our Gingerbread or Eggnog Coffee!, Get into the season and try our Red Velvet donuts!, Today's Google Offer in Boston - $10 for $20 of homemade baked goods and beverages at Kane’s Donuts 
www.google.com
Feeding Bostonians since 1955. Fresh, handmade donuts. Over 36 different flavors daily. Featured in Bon Appétit’s Top 10 list..., null, Don't forget to order your holiday pies!, Come by and try the new Sandwiches at Kanes- Chicken salad, Tuna, Turkey, and Ham all on Fresh baked homemade rolls!, null, null, Come on in and enjoy a coffee on us with the purchase of any donut!, Nothing like a fresh Whipped Cream Bismark!, WHAT IS YOU FAVORITE???, If your hungry we got something to fill you up!, null, If you can't sleep we open at 3:30a.m. I 'll have the coffee waiting!, TRY OUR PUMPKIN OR APPLE CIDER DONUT IF YOUR LOOKING FOR A FALL TREAT!, Ron go to UTUBE, TRY OUR PUMPKIN SPICE AND CARAMEL APPLE COFFEE ITS DELICIOUS!!, Please go to yelp and share your love for Kanes Donuts, http://www.facebook.com/l.php?u=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.onenewengland.com%2Farticle.php%3Fid%3D162%23.TjGXzXe-W0o.facebook&h=2AQAxZplg, Kanes Donuts has got to go before the board of Selectman tonight for the outdoor seating if you have time its at 7:30 pm at the Town Hall and everyones opinion matters!, Any size ice coffee .99cents, Stop by and have a cold one and enjoy the new outdoor seating!, http://www.facebook.com/l.php?u=http%3A%2F%2Ftinyurl.com%2F3usm2g9&h=fbc12bFT-QRHluijn99TYZp5n3Q, We thought you might be interested in our next cookbook signing!

Maria Speck will be signing her new hot-selling cookbook on June 16, 2011, from 8 a.m. to noon., http://www.facebook.com/l.php?u=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.delish.com%2Ffood-fun%2Fbest-doughnuts&h=5b6eb, http://www.facebook.com/l.php?u=http%3A%2F%2Fboston.cityvoter.com%2Fkane-s-donuts%2Fbiz%2F590478&h=6806f VOTE FOR KANES!!!, http://www.facebook.com/l.php?u=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.bizjournals.com%2Fboston%2Fblog%2Fbottom_line%2F2011%2F05%2Fode-to-doughnut-day.html%3Ffb_comment_id%3Dfbc_10150189642409028_16503185_10150194217999028&h=df512, Everybody loves Kane's!, null, Vito Aluia, Melt in your mouth Honeydip!!, null, null, null, Try one of our famous coffee rolls!!, kanesdonuts.com)