List(If you’re looking for something delicious, vegetarian, and gluten-free, look no further than our Veggie Biryani.

It’ll make you feel all-raita. ;], Yes, you SHOULD get Dosa tonight!, Come in from the cold, child, and warm up with a bowl of Mulligatawny Soup!

A spicy bowl of lentils and veggies!, Soon, it will be dinner time. Soon, this will be a masala dosa.

Coincidence? We think not!, You're gonna need some spice to kick tonight's chill!, We be jamun with some coconut tonight! GET IT?

[gulab jamun with coconut shreds], Today is the perfect day for our Rose Lassi!

It tastes every bit as wonderful as it looks!, "Come in if you're EXTRA hungry, portions are huge!!", Punjabi Kadhi Pakora is a staple dish you simply MUST TRY:

Crispy vegetable pakora in a deliciously seasoned yogurt sauce!, If someone asks who you voted for today, tell 'em we said, "Naan ya business!" ;], Try something different for lunch today!

Or just stick with that ham & cheese...whatever., If you need a sweet treat tonight, might we suggest our Rasmalai?

Homemade paneer cooked in milk syrup and garnished with nuts… like Indian cheesecake without the crust!, Try something new tonight! 

Chicken Do-Piaza Khumb is fresh boneless chicken pan-roasted with onions, tomatoes, bell peppers, scallions and spices. OH YES., Sunny days just make us want to grab a delicious Falooda!

AND WE SHALL., Get yourself through the rest of the week with a big bowl of Aloo Gobhi!

Cauliflower and potato seasoned to perfection!, Saag paneer is not a dirty trick to get you to eat your vegetables while you search for the delicious cheese, it’s just a damn good meal!, Not in the mood to cook tonight?

We gotchu!, Try our Shahi Bhindi (fresh okra cooked with herbs and spices) tonight for a fun spin on eating healthy!, Our Chicken Tikka Masala is all you need to get through the snowy evening!, Beautiful day for a Rose Lassi and a stroll!, We be jamun with some coconut tonight! GET IT?

[gulab jamun with coconut shreds], CHEESE ✓
CHILI SOY SAUCE ✓
DELICIOUS MAGIC ✓

And that’s what you’ll get when you order a bowl of Chili Paneer!, Get some paani poori today while you’re bumpin’ around Central Square!, Turn that frown into a crown with some Indian sweet treats from Dosa Factory! 👑, Gotta get those veggies in!

Dosa Factory is always a great option for meatless meals...you're welcome! ;], Because you DESERVE Naan Pizza tonight!, Our Kathi Rolls are an Indian take on burritos — and we have FIVE different flavors to choose from!, We're all about our Vegetarian Chole today!

 Chickpeas, onions and peppers — that's what we're talkin' 'bout!, Stumped on dinner? We suggest our Tandoori Chicken! 

A tender, perfectly spiced favorite. 😁, Grab some of our Mulligatawny Soup tonight!

It's sure to clear your head and warm your insides. 😊, If you’re looking for something delicious, vegetarian, and gluten-free, look no further than our Veggie Biryani.

It’ll make you feel all-raita. ;], Now THIS is how you ring in a new year!, This could be you, but you haven't left work yet!, You've GOT to try our Pashwari Naan tonight!

Naan stuffed with coconut and dried fruit!, Long day?

Recharge with our Paneer Pakora: a delicacy of marinated Indian cheese dipped in batter and fried until crispy!, Try something new tonight! 

Chicken Do-Piaza Khumb is fresh boneless chicken pan-roasted with onions, tomatoes, bell peppers, scallions, and spices. OH YES., Time for some Pani Puri Gol Gappa (Indian Semolina Water Balls)!

They're cute AND delicious!, Stumped on what to do tonight? How about a Dosa date?

Great idea, us! 😎, Hard day's work, hearty night's dinner! 💯, That little voice in your head telling you to get Indian food for dinner tonight? Listen to it!

Don't listen to anything else it says though., We'll just leave this Pakora here!

Seasoned vegetables dipped in chickpea batter and fried until golden and crispy., What are we having for dinner tonight?

NAAN ya business! ;], Feast your eyes (and then feast your mouths) on some Dosa Factory tonight!, "Dosas done right.", Rainy days call for our delicious Bhelpuri!

A savory Indian snack made out of puffed rice, vegetables and a tangy tamarind sauce!, Get yourself through the week with a big bowl of healthy Aloo Gobhi!

Cauliflower and potato seasoned to perfection and cooked until tender - DELISH., Nothing like a delicious meal after a (rainy) day of shopping!

See you soon!, We've got the perfect Black Friday deal for you!

Print this out and bring it to Dosa for 15% off your order!, "When all you want is a snack but you accidentally order mad noms.", Try our Shahi Bhindi (fresh okra cooked with herbs and spices) tonight for a fun spin on eating healthy!, You’ve all heard of our Mango Lassi, but did you know about our Rose Lassi?

It tastes every bit as wonderful as it looks!, You need some spice to kick that chill!

Oh look- it's lunchtime!, Our Pashwari Naan (naan stuffed with coconut and dried fruit) is NEXT LEVEL delicious!, We're celebrating Diwali today and tomorrow at Dosa Cambridge!

Fresh jalebi made live, over 30 types of Indian sweets with gift boxes, Diwali gifts, and Bollywood music provided by DJ Randeep on the 11th!, "For when you are overdue for your masala and Bollywood fix.", After a crazy week, we're
ready for some Pakora!

Seasoned vegetables dipped in chickpea batter and fried until golden and crispy., Hungry?

We'll just leave this here., It's MONDAY - let us pick up the slack!, HOW TO EAT A DOSA IN THREE STEPS:, Need a sweet treat? Try our house-made Gulab Jamun (fried dough balls soaked in rosewater syrup)!

How’s THAT for mouth-watering?, Dosa...for dessert?!

Try our Carrot Cake Dosa, made with gajar halwa and honey, to take your dosa game to the next level!, "#THIGHSIZED.", Double down on a Friday night!, Try our Shahi Bhindi (fresh okra cooked with herbs and spices) for a fun spin on eating healthy!, What are we having for dinner tonight?

NAAN ya business! ;], Our Pashwari Naan is NEXT LEVEL delicious: naan stuffed with coconut and dried fruit!

YES., Never underestimate the importance of snacks! ;], GET SOME.

Some Gobhi Manchurian (fried cauliflower), that is!, Can't find us at the Festival of Dumplings in Central Square?

Just follow the EPIC LINE., We'll be participating in the 4th Annual Festival of Dumplings this Sunday in Central Square!

Join us from 1-3pm for an exciting multi-cultural celebration of dumplings!, Get your snack on with an Indian sweet from Dosa!, DOSA SELFIEEE., Because even the distant roars of Hurricane Joaquin can't drown out your stomach's grumbling., Get to Dosa Factory for our Chole Bhature, a giant puffed fried dough that you can dip into warm chickpea soup!, We see your 80 degree weather and raise you fresh coconuts!

Stay hydrated, friends., Time for some Pani Puri Gol Gappa (Indian Semolina Water Balls)!

They're cute AND delicious!, You need some spice to kick that chill!, Vegetable Samosas. So hot right now. Vegetable Samosas., "Hacking up some sugar cane and coconuts like a boss.", You're right, you SHOULD get Dosa for dinner!, DON'T SPEAK!

We know just what you're thinkin'..., Turn that frown into a crown with some Indian sweet treats from Dosa Factory! 👑, Dosas + Samosas! 💛, Solid meal after a solid day. 🙌, Nothing pairs better with a relaxing day off than our Daami Poori!

Semolina puffs filled with spiced chickpeas and potatoes with mint chutney!, The best things in life are dosas! 💯, The dinner you deserve., Hungry? Find us where all the cool kidz are hangin'!

[571 Mass Ave.], Masala dosa for dinner?

Two thumbs way, WAY up! 👍👍, What's a Friday without a trip to Dosa Factory?

We prefer not to think about it., Ease out of the Hump Day slump with our Lamb Vindaloo Dosa!, Get up, get out and get to Dosa Factory for our Chole Bhature, a giant puffed fried dough that you can dip into warm chickpea soup!, Our Aloo Gobi (potatoes, cauliflower, Indian spices) is exactly what you need right now!

Like...RIGHT NOW., Got that 2pm feeling?

We've got plenty of sweet Indian treats...just sayin'!, Feast your eyes (and then feast your mouths) tonight on our Shahi Paneer, Naan, Matar Paneer and Daal Makhani!, Naan cures all. 🙌, To masala uttapam or not to masala uttapam?

[We're not *really* asking], How to keep hydrated on a hot day:
1) Grab some shade
2) Grab a coconut

We got both!, "Went by Dosa Factory on Central Square... they have amazing Indian Style crepes, tandoori roasted kebabs, curry and more yummy food!", "Indian food for the soul.", Lunchtime in the city!, Dosas on the patio? Now that's livin'. 👌👌, Did we just become best friends?!, Your stomach be like, "Gimme Samooosas!"

See what we did there?, "I could eat this every day.", That little voice in your head telling you to get Indian food for dinner tonight? Listen to it!

Don't listen to anything else it says though., We're at the Cambridge Jazz Festival RIGHT NOW.

And we brought dosas!, TGI-Samosas!, Go towards the light to find the dosa you seek!, It's hot out there, so keep cool at Dosa Factory tonight!

REAL COOL. 😎, Craving more than just a 'taste' of Dosa Factory?

We're located at 571 Mass Ave in Central Square! Come on in!, Come find us at Taste of Cambridge!, ICYMI: Taste of Cambridge has been moved to THURSDAY, July 16th!

We'll still be there with some dosa delights!, Don't say we didn't warn ya! ^_^, Nothing like refreshing coconut water to cool down on a hot day!, We're coo-coo for coconuts! 😎, W A T E R M E L O N 🍉

Head on over to Dosa this week to try our Watermelon Chaat special!, It's hot out there!

Our Falooda will keep you...coolaaah! 😎, HELLO - is it us you're lookin' for...on the fourth of July?

Here's a hint: We'll be at the Esplanade from 9am-11pm!

...Wait., WHAT DAY IS IT??
Dosa Factory Day!

...It's new., Sunday morning dosas callin'!, Good day for a dosa., Not sure if you want a dosa right now? Make like Shia LaBeouf and DO IT.

MAKE YOUR DOSA DREAMS COME TRUE., The cool kids know where it's at!

'It' being delicious dosas.
[571 Mass. Ave, you guys!], MOOD., We really can't stress enough the importance of hydration, you guys! 😎, Shahi Paneer, Naan bread, Matar Paneer and Daal Makhani!

Mondays can be sooo tough, huh? ;], Not in the mood to cook tonight?

 Don't worry, eat at Dosa!, "Couldn't say no to dosas tonight."

#QuoteoftheDay, SNACK ATTACK.

Head on over here to get your late night fix of sugar, honey honey., Rainy Tuesday afternoon?
You're gonna need a bigger dosa!

LOL, just kidding., null, Not sure what to have for lunch?

Get a little help from your friends (as long as said friends are totally into dosas)!, Mmmm...we just love the smell of dosas in the morning!

Come & get your lunch!, Get yourself through the rest of the week with a big bowl of healthy veggies! Aloo Gobhi, cauliflower and potato seasoned to perfection and cooked until tender is sure to give you the strength you need to persevere!, This week in severely underrated menu items - our Kathi Rolls, our take on an Indian burrito, filled with fresh vegetables and meats. Try one next time you want something new!, Who says eating healthy can’t be exciting? Try Shahi Bhindi, fresh okra cooked with herbs and spices, for a fun spin on veggies!, Need a sweet treat this weekend? Try our house-made gulab jamun, fried dough balls soaked in rosewater syrup. How’s that for mouth-watering?, Nothing pairs with warm weather like fresh coconut water! Stop by in Central Square for your daily dose of electrolytes!, Take an inside look at our Newbury Street location and see what we have to offer...it’s way more than just Dosa!, IMPORTANT QUESTION: Saag Paneer or Chicken Tikka Masala?

We’ll let you think it over. Just know that whatever your favorite is, Dosa Factory’s got you covered. ;), Indian specialties so delicious, you’ll be eating until there’s NAAN left. ;), DID YOU KNOW…
One of the differences between standard crepes and dosas is the batter. Crepes are usually made with wheat flour, while dosas are made with fermented rice batter and lentils… so you could say that dosas are a more *cultured* version of crepes. ;), Spring is in full swing! What better way to celebrate than with a tall glass of Mango Lassi? Creamy, tangy, and refreshing, it’s the perfect warm-weather treat!, We will be at the 32nd Annual MayFair Festival on Sunday raising money for earthquake relief for Nepal. If you want to volunteer to help at the fair, message us! If you want to donate but cannot attend the fair, you can donate here: http://bit.ly/1HZN9Wu

Thank you to the Harvard Square Business Association for supporting the Greater Boston Nepal Earthquake Relief Fund. We greatly appreciate it., At Dosa Factory, we love to create new fusion menu items by drawing from various sources of inspiration. You can create your own fusion meal by going to Dosa Central and Bao Nation during the same visit! Get creative!, An excellent spread by IG user @juliajoanwhalen. We love to feature customer photos so don’t forget to tag ‘em with @dosafactory on Instagram and Twitter!, Hello friends and neighbors,

As many of you may have heard, Nepal needs our help. The earthquake in Kathmandu has devastated their people, infrastructure, and spirit. We are asking that those who want to donate to the relief funds do so here: https://www.crowdrise.com/bostonnepal

"We have decided to collect the funds in a centralized location and then after thorough research find those grass root organizations and community movements that are on the grounds doing all they can to help their neighbors, help their countrymen. This is, what we believe, will be the most effective way to reach out to those who have needs that are the most critical."

We attended the vigil in Copley Square and encourage you to provide support in any way you can. 

Thank you., Something about smiling faces and dosas just go together. Our menu items are made for sharing with friends, so bring the party here next time you get together!, It’s #ThirstyThursday, so why not try one of our signature drinks, like this colorful concoction, the Indian Summer!, You’ve all heard of our Mango Lassi, but did you know we also serve several flavors? Here is our Rose Lassi, and it tastes every bit as wonderful as it looks. #prettyinpink, Need to cater an event? Daami poori bites will get the party started! We’re offering catering specials for your spring events. Email pooja@oneworldcuisine.com for more info., Our patio is now open! Enjoy one of our signature drinks outside in the sunshine! :), Happy customer POV. This could be you! ;), Try two of our most popular menu items in one dish with our saag paneer naan pizza! Yes, you read that correctly. Naan. Pizza!, Soon, it will be lunch time. Soon, this will be a masala dosa.

Coincidence? We think not… ;), Dosa...for dessert? Now that’s innovation. Try the carrot cake dosa, made with gajar halwa and honey, to step up your dosa game to the next level., Did you know that we’re on Newbury now? It’s an exciting time for everyone here, so be sure to go like Dosa Factory on Newbury on Facebook for updates and specials from the new location! :D, Tuesdays are for takeout, right? IG user @ballyhoobutton has the right idea! Bring home something savory or spicy tonight., The chefs over at Boston Magazine agree, our dosa is a must-try for the city of Cambridge! . Thanks, guys! :D, Spend your Sunday with a sundae! Our Kulfi Falooda Sundae has layers of sweet and creamy condensed milk with vermicelli. Come on in and get this sweet treat to celebrate the sunshine. :), Our Pav Bhaaji is a taste of Mumbai, and the perfect to snack to get you through the afternoon!, If you’re looking for something delicious, vegetarian, and gluten-free, look no further than our Veggie Biryani. It’ll make you feel all-raita. :D, Current specials at Dosa Central Square! Come on in and get ‘em while they’re hot!, Celebrate the weekend with Bhel Puri, the perfect snack to combat all things boring! Available for delivery through Caviar: http://bit.ly/1z9mzjK, IT’S NATIONAL SPINACH DAY!

Celebrate one of the best greens around with a bowl of saag paneer for dinner tonight!, Throwing a graduation party? Dosa caters! We are offering 10% off graduation catering orders! 

Email pooja@oneworldcuisine.com for more information., Seasoned vegetables dipped in chickpea batter and fried until golden and crispy… pakora will never steer you wrong., Need some comfort food to get you through this Monday? Stop by either location for some Mulligatawny Soup to clear your head and warm your insides. :), Warning: Dosa may cause excessive smiling., #TBT to our India New England feature! 

We have come so far, and have sinced opened another location on Newbury Street (go like Dosa Factory on Newbury for updates!) Thank you all for your support over the years. :’), Samosa. Guaranteed to leave you wanting some more. ;), Get your veggies in this weekend! 

Dosa Factory is always a great option for meatless meals, and eating vegetables is never a missed-steak., If you’re looking to switch things up a bit, try masala uttapam instead of naan next time you grab lunch! A giant pancake with onion, cilantro, tomato, and green bell pepper cooked in the batter - what could be better?, I mean…we’re not going to say they’re wrong…

What are your favorite Indian dishes?, You know we deliver, right??? That’s right, you don’t have to lift a darn finger to get your dosa.

If you’ve never ordered with Caviar before, the first delivery is free!, We had a great time at the Friends of Dana-Farber Chefs Cooking for Hope event tonight! We served up vegetable samosas, and our special Chicken 65 (a spicy, deep-fried chicken dish originating from Chennai)., Not that we’re trying to curry favor, but we think our curry is at least a naan out of ten., DON’T BE BORING. You need FUSION in your life! Our Kathi Rolls are an Indian take on burritos, and we have 5 different flavors to choose from!, Dosa time is our favorite time, and we love to see photos of your dosas! Share by tagging @DosaFactory when you’re enjoying that special moment!, It’s FRIDAY! That’s certainly cause for celebration, and what better way to party on than with Laddu! These spherical sweets are exactly the treat you need!, CAN YOU HANDLE THE CHUTNEY? Come in and get crispy with our Aloo Tikki, served with a variety of chutneys for your pairing pleasure!, The ideal combination of savory and sweet, bhel is a mixture of puffed rice, gram flour sev, crushed poories, tomatoes and onions, served with hot and sweet chutneys. Try it today at lunch!, Pani poori, aloo tikki, aloo papri chaat… we’d say this is a pretty well-rounded meal. Come and get it today!, Lamb cooked with exotic spices, herbs, cashews, almonds, and raisins in a mild cream sauce… That’s right, we’re serving up some Lamb Korma tonight!, BREAKING: We now have a new page for our Newbury Street sister! Like Dosa Factory on Newbury for all updates and news on our Boston location., Are you ready for the best news you've heard all day?

Both of our locations are #OpenInBOS! Let's celebrate dosa-style!, Happy Valentine’s Day, dosa lovers! TODAY ONLY at our Newbury Street location - enjoy our favorite Indian sweets, gulab jamun FREE with your meal, along with a beautiful red rose.

Don’t ever say we don’t love you <3<3<3, This dosa was so good we couldn’t help ourselves from eating half of it before we snapped a photo. Sorry, our hunger gets the best of us sometimes. :), Valentine's Day is a good excuse to indulge in the finer things in life, and not just at dinner. All day long on Saturday, get FREE gulab jamun with your meal - a sweet treat for our sweet customers <3

We are also accepting reservations at our Newbury Street location. To book a table, please call 617-982-7957., ♬ Did you ever know that you're my dosa, and everything I would like to be? ♬
♬ I can fly higher than an eagle, for you are the food beneath my wings. ♬, Take a break from the brisk cold today and stop in our Newbury Street shop for a hot cup of masala chai because we're #OpeninBOS! Our Central Square location is open as well. See you soon!, You are going to be really excited for this week’s special. Like, REALLY excited.

Because it’s chicken vindaloo, and it comes on a thali tray with rice, tomato chutney, and fresh veggies!, It’s Sunday, you don’t need to lift a finger. We’ll put together a fresh, hot thali tray with Bhindi Masala - fresh okra tossed with sweet onions and spices, served with rice, veggies, and tomato chutney!, If you’re not smiling this big when you get your dosa… you may need a mango lassi to finish the job!, Do you have a mouth? How about a stomach?

Great! We’ll give you a spoon and you’ll have everything you need to enjoy some Chicken Tikka Masala!, THE ROOF, THE ROOF, THE ROOF (of your mouth) IS ON FIYAH, thanks to our gloriously spicy-hot Beef Curry!, Just a glimpse of one of the tasty Indian chaats you can find at Dosa Factory on Newbury Street… Thanks for the great photo @deerdriftervintage!, @brandonpmksi writes, “I confess, I have no idea how to eat this.”

Let it be known that there’s no wrong way to eat a dosa. Unless you’re putting ketchup on it. That ain’t right., On special this week is a protein-packed bowl of Daal Makhni that’ll power you through the day… come and get it at lunch!, A Super Bowl party calls for some super DOSAS. Get our Game Day Special for $70:

- 6 large masala dosas
- 6 masala fries
- 6 drinks

Please call 617-982-7957 to place your order!, This post by @scoprire says it all: “Rough days call for a heavy dose of dosas. With the most superb fresh carrot ginger juice!”

Glad we can be of service ;), @luci5986 knows EXACTLY how to do a trip to Dosa Factory. Get a giant dosa from us, and turn around to grab some buns from Bao Nation!, WANT THIS DOSA IN YOUR MOUTH?

You don’t even have to leave the house. Order from our Newbury Street location on Foodler! http://bit.ly/1us0xb3, @ewadams02 got all atmospheric on us with his awesome black and white photo of our favorite dessert - gulab jamun! Thanks for sharing Erik!

P.S. We are open and ready for some dosas!, Juno what's no fun? When a snowstorm means you can't have your daily dosa fix :(

Sorry to say that we will be closed today... but that just means we're building up extra excitement for tomorrow's dosa!, Live every week like it’s National Pizza Week, and enjoy one of our many Indian pies like Chicken Tikka Masala Pizza - on special!, Now this is our kind of green juice… a sweet treat made from sugarcane. Have a sip when you come get your next dosa!, Have you seen The Wall lately? Take a look at all the new art, and when you make it to the other side, there’s a steaming hot dosa waiting for you with the rest of your hopes and dreams., Come in from the cold, young child, and warm up with a bowl of Mulligatawny Soup, a spicy bowl of lentils and veggies!, Today’s lunch pick is Veggie Korma! You’re gonna like what you eat, we guarantee it., We see you walking around with that iced coffee from Dunkin’ in 34 degrees. Try a new cold beverage today like our dessert drink, a Kulfa Falooda Sundae with layers of condensed milk kulfi and falooda (rice vermicelli)!, What’s the chicest thing on Newbury Street right now? Our brand new dining room - a classic Indian theme for our Winter 2015 line of dosas, as seen in the latest issue of VOGUE (jk but don’t we look nice?)., You’re gonna LOVE this weekly special! It’s Daami Poori - crispy semolina puffs filled with chickpeas, potatoes, and mint chutney. They’re the perfect bite-sized snack to fuel your Newbury St. shopping trip :), you are

my fire

the one

desire, Hope you’re hungry… because we’ve got a couple pooris waiting for you to devour them! Just tear pieces off and dip in your favorite chutney!, Some people like fancy china on their walls, we just like our shiny new thali trays! How’s that for pinspiration? ;), You can have your dessert any which way you please! Gajar Ka Halwa, an Indian carrot pudding, is available in a DOSA (obviously), or you can skip the delicious vessel and eat it plain. We’re all about choices here at Dosa Factory!, HOWDY BACK BAY!

Have you heard the word? You’ve got dosas in your ‘hood! Visit our brand spankin’ new location at 316 Newbury Street for some tasty Indian food on your lunch break today - we can’t wait to meet you!, Vindawhat… vindawho? It’s CHICKEN VINDALOO, and it’s available at both our Central Square AND Newbury Street shops! See you at lunch!, VEGETARIANS REJOICE - Mushroom Dosas are on special this week! Gather the troops and head on over for lunch!, HEY BOSTON!

We're officially open at our brand new Back Bay location at 316 Newbury Street... so shop til you drop and then get here for some DOSAS!, Stop staring at that box of Uncle Ben’s you’ve had in your cabinet since college and get here for some Kashmiri Pulao - nuts, peas, and fruit cooked in a ginger-scented rice pilaf. OH YES., Pour some sweet and spicy chutney all over Bhel Puri, a tasty mixture of puffed rice, gram flour sev, crushed poories, tomatoes and onions!, Paneer cubes, onion, peppers, tomatoes, and mozzarella cheese - scientifically known as Paneer Kadahi Pizza, colloquially known as SCRUMPTIOUS., Have you ventured into the IndoChinese section of our menu? We have Chinese dishes as done by hawkers in the Indian suburbs, like Gobhi Manchurian - minced cauliflower dumplings deep-fried and tossed in a spicy cilantro-soy sauce!, Behold… a large, crispy dosa surrounding a warm batch of your chosen filling, a hot bowl of sambhar, and you, smiling at your tray because it holds the best meal you will have today., Choices are hard - we make it easy. You want chicken tikka, you want a dosa… obviously the only option is to get a chicken tikka dosa!, Back to work, no more messing around :( BUT WAIT, you can still escape on your lunch break and enjoy a good meal: Garlic Lamb Dosas are on special!, In just a few minutes, this dosa will cook up and be the best meal of your entire life (or weekend, but we can reach for the stars)., Uttapam is a leavened rice pancake served with sambhar and coconut chutney. Choose from Masala with onions, tomatoes, and peppers, or Chili Cheese and Onion with toppings baked right into the batter! OR get both, and have an Uttapam Sandwich!, If there’s one thing we can get on board with, it’s @cdheel’s idea of a good day: “Trying to eat as much Indian food as I can.”, We hereby declare 2015 “YEAR OF THE DOSA.”, The time has come to choose your last great meal of the year. Will you end 2014 with a giant dosa? How about with a face full of pakora? CHOOSE WISELY., If you haven’t tried our Chicken Curry, you haven’t lived, and if you’re reading this while not living… you’re probably a zombie and aren’t interested in Chicken Curry anyway., Hold up, wait a minute, let me put some dessert in it!

That’s right… Carrot Cake Dosa is on special this week, and it’s all for you!, Sweets for your sweet? Take your lover down to Dosa Factory for some jalebi - deep-fried wheat-flour batter soaked in rosewater syrup!, Today’s specials are OFF THE HOOK.

Ginger cheese dosas? Stuffed pakoras? Saturday could not get any better!, Might as well continue feasting until the week is over! GET HERE.

Photo by @the_manny_sg., Merry Christmas! We are #OpenInBOS and serving up special thali dinners with mango lassis!, #DOUBLEDOSA

Photo by @natou208., Sticking around Central Square this Christmas? We’ll be #OpenInBOS with a special menu!

DOSA THALI: Wada, Idli, Dosa or Uttapam, Dessert, Mango Lassi - $14.95

VEGETARIAN THALI: Two Vegetarian Dishes, Raita, Naan or Poori, Rice, Mango Lassi - $13.95

NON-VEGETARIAN THALI: Two Non-Vegetarian Dishes, Raita, Naan or Poori, Rice, Mango Lassi - $14.95, Another beautiful thali plate? YOU GOT IT! This week’s special is Bhindi Masala - fresh okra tossed with sweet onions and spices, served with rice, veggies, and tomato chutney., This glorious work of art is titled, “Brunch With the Ladies,” by @oyveyjo.

Like this if you think it should be hanging in a gallery (the most mouthwatering gallery in the world)., We’re getting real fancy over here with our new thali trays! Here we have some chicken vindaloo with rice, tomato chutney, and veggies!, Yes, it’s true… Stay tuned for updates!, IMPORTANT. Like our pals Bao Nation on Facebook and then RUN HERE 5-7pm to get your free bao!, Gotta get that MOMO! Lunch will be the best part of your day when you go for chicken or vegetable dumplings at Dosa Factory!

Photo by @udista., One of the reasons we love being in Central Square is its culinary diversity. We are proud to be your one-stop shop for all your favorite Indian foods!

Thanks for the photo @scoprire!, WHOA, WHOA, WHOA, hold the phone. CHEESE NAAN is on special this week?! Prayers have been answered!!, Put down that powdery shake, Dal Makhni is a much more delicious way to get your protein! (Braised lentils sauteed in butter with fresh herbs and spices.)

It will pump *chest punch* YOU UP., Want to be as happy as this smiling face? Do what @bananna226 did… come to Dosa Factory!, Did you know that Pharrell Williams wrote “Happy” after experiencing his first dosa?

This is a 100% true-fact statement.*

*Maybe. Maybe not., It’s important to be like a bear in the winter and eat EVERYTHING so you can hide under your blanket for the rest of the season!

Photo by @porsiemprekarenly., HAVE WE GOT NEWS FOR YOU!

We are so excited to announce our holiday gift card special - where you give to your friends, and get a little for yourself.

Now through January, buy $50 in gift cards and get a free $10 gift card, too, OR buy $100 in gift cards and get a $20 gift for you! http://bit.ly/1pKwVsm, Has Christmas come early?? We have Chili Chicken on special this week, a gift from us to you :), 11:11 WISH FOR DOSAS, What goes best with your dosa? According to @frontparlour, "the mint ginger limeade is worth committing grand larceny, or worse, just for a taste." :), Nothing makes us happier than seeing you guys showing off your dosa selfies. Keep ‘em coming!

Photo by @latkeninjastar., In case you’re wondering just how big our dosas are, here’s @devinpleuler’s hand for scale :), If you’re looking for Dosa Factory, all you have to do is walk through this magical rainbow alleyway and all your dreams will come true on the other side!

Photo by @sierramargaret., Admit it, you want to be the family favorite this holiday season. Know how you can do it? With a Dosa Factory gift card! (Can be delivered via snail mail or email!) http://bit.ly/1pKwVsm, You are a special snowflake to us, perfect in each and every way, and so this week we have a special for you: Tandoori Chicken!, You: I’m hungry. I kinda want Indian food. But also pizza, pizza is good.

Us: Well, son, we’ve got just the thing. Feast your eyes on THIS. 
*whips out a chicken tikka masala pizza*

You: ~*~*WOOOW*~*~

Chicken tikka masala pizza. You’re not dreaming, those words belong together., “As long as my arm and filled with okra.” - @mandermurr

If that doesn’t sound like the best lunch ever, we don’t know what does!, BLACK FRIDAY SHOPPING IS EXHAUSTING. Even if you do it online! If you’ve starved yourself this morning in order to get the best deals before everyone else, come feast at Dosa Factory!, Happy Thanksgiving! If you’re strolling around Central Square today, come by for some turkey dosas!, Rumor has it that when SAM SMITH wrote “Stay With Me,” he was just really sad about finishing his dosa. Don’t be as sad as Sam. Get two dosas.

Photo by @azirulnick., Don’t forget, #DOSADAY winners, you still have time to redeem your free dosa! Last day is on the 30th, so get hungry and get to Dosa Factory!

Photo by @foodiegrrl02139., Holy smokes, is that Tofu Do-Piaza on special this week?? SURE IS!, IMPORTANT: We will be open on Thanksgiving with our regular hours! We’ll be happy to spend the day with you, and yes, we will have turkey -- turkey dosas!, We have gift cards available! Get a head start on your holiday shopping and give the only gift you know they REALLY want ;), WOW, looks like @fernwehwoodway had the best snack ever! Don’t you want to be like her? We have veggie, meat, and sweet samosas so you can experience the same happiness!, Grabbing a quick snack in Central Square? Bhel (puffed rice, gram flour sev, crushed poories, tomatoes and onions) is light and delicious… even better when you drizzle chutney all over the top!, “On Wednesdays we get cultural.”

We can get down with that. Thanks for the photo @jglm!, You’re starving, you’re wandering down Mass. Ave. in a haze of hunger, and you come upon a gleaming beacon of hope. It’s Dosa Factory, and we’re serving Aloo Gobhi!

Photo by @cdheel, BREAKING: We have Dal Makhni on special this week! Braised lentils sautéed in butter with fresh herbs and spices., If there’s a vegetable in it, it’s salad, right? Have some gajar ka halwa for dessert - a carrot pudding topped with almonds and pistachios!, Bao Nation IS HERE… and they’ve got some nice buns.

Check them out next time you’re in Central Square, they’re located right next to us (like RIGHT next to us). Welcome, roomie!, If you haven’t tried our pumpkin masala tea yet, you’re doing fall ALL wrong!, Get outta my dreams... GET INTO MY MOUTH!, Meet Chicken Mo:Mo - homemade dumplings served with greens and spicy dipping sauce. You guys are gonna be GREAT friends!, Donut shmonut - we have Vada Sambhar, donut-shaped lentil dumplings, served with coconut and tomato dipping sauces and the classic South Indian lentil soup!, Whoa, whoa, is that Lamb Biryani on special this week??? YOU BET! Come and get it and you won’t regret it :), What’s for dinner today? How about Vegetable Manchurian? It’s got mixed veggie dumplings in a spicy cilantro-soy sauce!, If you’re craving Dosa Factory first thing today, we have a classic Indian breakfast of aloo paratha and a mango lassi! This bread is stuffed with potatoes, onions, a hint of ginger, and cilantro!, Paneer…. how do we love thee… let us count the ways…

High up on our list is Shahi Paneer Korma (homemade cheese sautéed with fresh ginger, garlic, onion, tomato, nuts, raisins, and creamy tomato sauce)!, #TBT In 2011, Boston Zest wrote about us on their blog, and how they had to move their chairs to make room for the dosas on the table :), We got a facelift! Well, sorta… we got some new artwork in our dining area! What do you think?, Thinking about dessert already?

Us too! Introducing sweet samosas, stuffed with carrot cake!, November? More like NOM-vember right???

Celebrate accordingly and get your dosa on today!, We know you’ve been dying to find out what’s on special this week… so come on down because we’ve got PAV BHAJI here all week long! (Classic leavened bread served with potato curry and a tossed green salad.), If you’re looking for authentic Indian street food, you’ve come to the right place! Bhel, poori, and rajakachauri are just a few items on the menu that’ll take you back to the motherland!, ALL ABOARD the vegetarian train, where we’re serving Mushroom Matar for dinner!, HAPPY HALLOWEEN!!! Dump your pumpkin spice latte down the drain because we have something better for you - a special pumpkin dosa AND pumpkin masala tea! Don’t ever say we don’t love you!, Is it a vegetarian’s dream… or just a bowl of Gobhi Manchurian?

TRICK QUESTION. It’s both!, This is the best fall day EVER! Not only for the great weather, but we now have Pumpkin Masala Tea on our seasonal drinks menu, and we can’t wait for you to try it!, The best holiday in the world has arrived… Happy Dosa Day! LET’S CELEBRATE.

The first 15 people to comment on this post will win a FREE dosa! What are you waiting for?!

(Vouchers will be emailed to winners.), Step up your rice game, people. It’s time to get yourself some Kashmiri Pulao - nuts, peas, and fruit cooked in a ginger-scented rice pilaf. OH YES., TONIGHT - The best Diwali party in Boston is happening at Diva!

DJ Rohit and DJ Randeep will be playing Bollywood and Bhangra hits, and we’ll have drink specials and apps all night! RSVP: desilifeboston.com, Is there anything more glorious than when your two favorite things come together to form the best. food. ever? CHEESE NAAN is here, come and get it!, Also serving fresh jalebi for Diwali!, Happy Diwali! We have tons of colorful and delicious sweets to celebrate. Choose your favorites, fill up a box to take home, and get a free t-shirt while you’re at it!, DOSAS ARE COMING!

We’ve officially declared October 27th #DOSADAY! To celebrate, we’re giving away 30 dosas on Facebook and Twitter… so keep an eye out… the countdown to Monday begins now!, Wishing you and yours a very happy Diwali from One World Indian Catering! Now let's celebrate the festival of lights with our favorite sweets!, Today we’re as happy as a vegetarian with a plate full of vegetable biryani! (Served with raita and a pickle.), This week, our special is UTTAPAM! Get it with your favorite toppings cooked right into the batter!, CHEESE ✓
CHILI SOY SAUCE ✓
DELICIOUS MAGIC ✓

And that’s what you’ll get when you order a bowl of Chili Paneer!, We *always* have barfi here, because dessert is one of the most important meals of the day!, There is nothing more satisfying at the end of a long week than stuffing your face with some gulab jamun. The little munchkins are soaked in syrup and make a decadent, OMG-worthy dessert!

Photo by Baking Me Hungry., Look, ma, we’re famous!

Thanks to The Known Limits for including us in this blog post about a visit to Cambridge!, THIS WEEK'S SPECIAL: Lamb Curry!

Now do yourself a favor and get the heck out of your office so you can come and get it!, We are #OpenInBOS today! Celebrate like @sharmine96 and get a Lamb Vindaloo Dosa and Aloo Paratha :), From the creators of the The Great Dosa Adventure 2: Electric Boogaloo, this is SUNDAY, starring the award-winning Masala Dosa and its partner in crime, the Vegetable Samosa!, Time for a Saturday Snack! Pav Bhaaji is a Mumbai classic - leavened bread served with potato curry and a tossed green salad!, A dosa is a wish your heart makes… when you’re fast asleep… so that’s why you’ve been craving one all morning. We’ll be ready for you at lunch :), #ThrowbackThursday - “Veggie curry, naan, veggie samosas (with mint chutney) + watermelon juice. Best meal I've ever had.” - @dani___elle

We’re still beaming! :), Can we interest you in a spot of tea? We’ve got darjeeling, white, oolong, assam black tea and more from Pride Of India - Tea Company!, IT’S NATIONAL PIZZA MONTH!

As if you needed another reason to indulge… merge your two favorite things together and enjoy some Chicken Tikka Masala Pizza!, THIS WEEK’S SPECIAL: Dum Aloo… for when all you want to do is shove deep-fried potatoes covered in gravy in your mouth and call it a day., You don’t have to accept that it’s fall just yet, our summer drinks are still available. Sugarcane juice, coming right up!, What you do you want? A DOSA!
When do you want it? NOW!

Oh, okay, well it’s a good thing we just opened!, Did you know you can have Dosa Factory for EVERY meal? That’s right, even dessert!

Try our Carrot Cake stuffed with gajar halwa and drizzled with honey. You’ve earned it :), LOOK! It’s your dosa being made right this very second. You better come get it while it’s hot!, To all the vegetarians on earth - TODAY IS YOUR DAY!

We salute you on World Vegetarian Day and think we should all come together and enjoy some saag paneer pizza this afternoon. Whaddya say?, ATTENTION STUDENTS: Today’s the last day to get a FREE mango lassi when you show your student ID!, Our special this week (besides you, you’re always special) is Bhel Puri! Pour some chutney all over this tasty mixture of puffed rice, gram flour sev, crushed poories, tomatoes and onions!, 😍 DUMPLING TIME 😍

We’re at the 3rd Annual Festival of Dumplings today from 1-3pm in celebration of local legend Joyce Chen!, Give yourself the gift of Masala Uttapam today. Onions, cilantro, tomatoes and green bell peppers cooked right into the batter - you’ll be glad you did it!, Congratulations! You did it! You made it all the way to Friday!!!

Give yourself a high five and get some NAAN PIZZA to celebrate!, We be jamun with some coconut today! GET IT? #puns 

(...if you don’t… this is gulab jamun with coconut shreds for dessert!), “The beautiful thing about being a gastronomy student at Boston University is getting to sample all the diverse foods that exist in Boston.”

Thanks so much @bugastronomy, we hope you enjoyed your masala dosa!, Artweek Boston is coming! 

We'll be at Boston Date Night's DJ Mmmmixer & Cocktail Lounge on October 2, will you? Tickets: http://bit.ly/1v957vK, THIS WEEK’S SPECIAL: Chicken Curry - A heavenly bowl of boneless chicken cooked in curry sauce with Indian herbs and spices! (Pair it with your FREE mango lassi when you show your student ID!), CRAVING Dosa Factory? Get here for some Aloo Paratha - stuffed with potatoes, onions, a hint of ginger, and cilantro!, You need protein to get through the weekend. Lentils will give you POWER, so get some Dal Makhni for lunch today!, STUDENTS - Don’t forget, when you show your student ID throughout September you can get a FREE mango lassi!!, #ThrowbackThursday to that time when @hoggerandco came and took this AWESOME picture of our dosas! Come back soon now, ya hear? We like getting our photo taken :), If ever you are in a dumpling mood, Dosa Factory will come to the rescue with a plateful of Chicken Momo! 

(More like chicken nomnom though #amiright.), If your sweet tooth is achin’, you’ll go NUTS for gajar ka halwa - a carrot pudding dessert topped with almonds and pistachios!, This week’s special will BLOW YOUR MIND.

Yes, that’s a sandwich made of naan (#naanwich). Yes, those are fries covered in masala sauce. Yes, you can have this lunch every day!, We love #SNACKS! Get some paani poori today while you’re bumpin’ around Central Square and dip them in a delicious cilantro-soy sauce!, Are veggie pakoras your FUEL? Get them into your facehole immediately so you can enjoy the rest of your awesome Saturday!, Chole bature - because if your lunch is too big to fit in a photo, it’s the perfect size!, Barfi is a traditional sweet we often enjoy during holidays and special occasions, but not here. At Dosa Factory, we have it all year because it’s WAY TOO GOOD to wait so long!, As the saying goes…. give me dosa or give me death!!

That’s how it goes, right?, Want to be like Kate Middleton? 

Have your own royal FOOD baby with our Rajkachauri - the royal chaat!, THIS WEEK’S SPECIAL: Gobhi Manchurian

Cauliflower dumplings deep-fried and tossed in spicy cilantro-soy sauce to make all of your dreams come true., Welcome #Back2Boston students! Show us your beautiful face on your student ID and get a free mango lassi throughout September!, If you thought garlic was the best thing to happen to naan, think again… because CHEESE NAAN EXISTS., You must pass through the seven levels of the Shalimar market, through the sea of swirly twirly spices, and then up the stairs to get your dosa…, Friends don’t let friends eat dosas alone. Let’s do this!

Photo by http://instagram.com/tseringwnyc, This is where it all begins… fresh naan dough getting the finishing touch before it’s baked in our tandoor!, Did you know most of our menu items comes with a BONUS? It’s often said that an Indian meal isn’t complete without a bowl of sambhar soup, and we’d never leave you hangin’!, WHAT: Dosa Party
WHERE: Your mouth
WHEN: Today at noon
WHY: Because we are #OpenInBOS!

Photo by Adam K. via Foursquare, We’re so glad there are so many different ways to eat paneer or else we’d really get sick of it… JK we could eat cheese forever. 

Today, we’re devouring a bowl of Shahi Paneer Korma with a rich, silken sauce, raisins and nuts!, Hey what are you doing today? Hanging out with us? Eating some daami poori? Housing a dosa? Inhaling some naan? 

Sounds like your Saturday is all set! See you soon :), Naan is the greatest vehicle for delivering tasty Indian food right into your mouth. Today, use it to scoop up some vegetarian chole, made with chickpeas, onions and peppers!, Three of your favorite things just came together to create the ULTIMATE TRIFECTA:

1. Saag
2. Paneer
3. PIZZA

Need we say more? We’ll see you for lunch!, Lunch has started… but you’re still not here getting a dosa. What other questionable decisions are you making about your life?!, The clock is ticking on our favorite season (*cries*) so try something new from our summer drink menu while you still can!, Toss your sad sandwich in the trash and make your day 100%  better with a big, BEAUTIFUL dosa!, Have you ever wondered how jalebi is made? We found this great blog post for you on our favorite sweet snack so you can try it at home!, One thing we could eat all day, every day besides dosas? Bhelpuri, a type of chaat and one of our favorite Indian snacks!

You know you want some!, For lunch today, how 'bout a dosa the SIZE OF YOUR ARM?, #ThrowbackThursday Last September we won the Golden Grub Award from GrubHub for Best Saag Paneer!

Relive this glorious day with us and mow down on a bowl of fresh spinach and cheese. Thanks for making us your favorite!, "The most amazing dosa I've ever had." - @gvmaven

STAHP. We're blushing!, Your lunch: Daami poori filled with spiced chickpeas, potatoes and mint chutney.

Your life: Amazing., Saag paneer is not a dirty trick to get you to eat vegetables while you search for the delicious cheese in this dish, it’s just a damn good meal!, You need a big Sunday meal to set you up right for the week ahead, so we suggest a big plate of Tandoori Chicken! #comeandgetit, IT'S HOTTTTT. Come check out our summer drink menu and cool off with a cup of fresh Sugarcane Juice!, Have a little vegetarian snack like Vada Sambhar to start the weekend off on the right foot!

This dish has donut-shaped lentil dumplings, served with coconut and tomato dipping sauces and the classic South Indian lentil soup (sambhar). #nomnomnom, #ThrowbackThursday to that time we had the most delicious masala dosa on the face of the planet. Oh wait, that’s EVERY DAY! #amiright, One World Indian Catering is proud to sponsor IAGB India Day this Sunday, August 17! We'll be serving food from Dosa Factory and our sister restaurants from 4 to 8PM, and to celebrate, we're offering this coupon for $10 off your meal of $40 or more at any One World Cuisine location!, If you haven't tried Bhel yet, you're missing out on an insanely delicious mixture of puffed rice, gram flour sev, crushed poories, tomatoes and onions. Served with hot and sweet chutneys, this'll be the best snack you've had all day!, If today's lunch dictated how the rest of your week will turn out... you should probably go with something AWESOME like Chicken Tikka Masala Naan Pizza!, Is Sunday your cheat day? Good. Because Sunday is our sweet day!

We have a ton of different types of Indian sweets (along with dessert dosas), come and get 'em!, I love carbs. Carby carb carbs. Here they go down, down in my belly. Mmm mmm mmm. (At least they're whole wheat!), Show of hands, who can drink mango lassis ALL DAY EVERY DAY?

o/ o/ o/ o/ o/ o/ o/, Dhokla is one of our favorite snacks - and the perfect way to sneak a little cake into your day!, Bring your boo and have lunch for two, you can even sit on the same side of the booth :), Because you need dosas for every meal, we have sweet versions too!

Try our Carrot Cake stuffed with gajar halwa (grated carrot pudding) and drizzled with honey. You won't regret it., This Monday requires ALL OF THE SWEETS. #comeandgetit, Little-known fact: This dosa was the inspiration for Beyonce's "Flawless." #themoreyouknow, Ask yourself this very important question... is your Saturday *really* complete without chole bature?, You haven't lived until you've had tandoori chicken for lunch. #justsaying, Hungry yet?

Get your pizza fix the Indian way with Masala Uttapam! Onions, cilantro, tomatoes and green bell peppers are cooked right into the batter., DOSA PARTY TODAY

When: Lunchtime

Where: Your stomach.

Be there., The Vegetable Manchurian is the perfect candidate for your lunch today. 

Mixed veggie dumplings in a spicy cilantro-soy sauce? ALRIGHT., Look how happy Goni is to be making dosas for you!

Tag us in a photo of you and your dosa so we can show him how much you enjoy them, too :), On Sunday, we eat like kings... with Rajkachauri (the royal chaat)!, SAMOSA PARTY

These babies are waiting for you in Central Square!, WHOA. Chinese food at an Indian restaurant?

You bet. Chili paneer is an Indo-Chinese classic, with soy, cilantro, spiced cottage cheese and rice. EAT UP!, Is your sweet tooth BEGGING for a treat? Have a cup of sugarcane juice with your dosa!, LUNCH OF CHAMPIONS, Meet your masala dosa-to-be. It'll be ready to live a long and happy life with you as soon as you get to the Dosa Factory!, It's a bird...

It's a plane?

NO, IT'S A GIANT DOSA and it's on it's way into your stomach!, It's called Chicken Momo because you always want some momo ;), Call them pani poori, call them golgappas, call them Fred, whatever you like. We like to call them #DELICIOUS., Our sister restaurant Diva Indian Bistro is hosting Bollywood Night tomorrow!

Multiple DJs will be playing Bollywood, Bhangra, Top 40 & Desi mashups and today's top hip hop mixes. Make sure to have your dancing shoes on for the hottest Desi party of the year!

LADIES FREE BEFORE 11PM. Tickets at desilifeboston.com, Come and get it!! We're at #TasteOfCambridge making your dreams come true until 8:30, come visit :), ATTENTION DOSA LOVERS

We'll be at Taste of Cambridge tonight celebrating with our neighborhood friends, so cancel all your plans and come hang out with us because we have dosas!

Tickets at tasteofcambridge.com, YES., If you're a vegetarian and you're also in Central Square today, have we got a lunch for you! Chickpeas, onions, and peppers OH MY!, STOP. #DOSA TIME., The ONLY way to start the work week is with a giant dosa to the face at lunch!, Sweltering heat making you feel lazy? 

GET. PUMPED. It's time for a Thai Iced Coffee, brewed strong with the special spice of cardamom. You'll be bouncing off the walls in no time!, It's FINALLY SATURDAY. Celebrate the next two days of freedom by skipping lunch and going straight for the sweets. Try barfi and jalebi, our two faves!, Do you have ANY idea how hard it is to be in the kitchen and not face plant into this bowl of veggie pakoras?

It's all yours, friends. See you at lunch!, LUNCH? Lunch., "Nothing tastes as good as dosa feels." - Kate Moss, Mondays suck, but your lunch doesn't have to! Try something new like our paani poori, a popular Indian street snack., People of the world… SPICE UP YOUR LIFE with our Vegetable Manchurian, a vegetarian dish with mixed vegetable dumplings and spicy cilantro soy sauce., We had a cookout this weekend! Mango lassis on the patio, street food nice and fresh all for a beautiful summer day in Central Square!, Happy Independence Day from One World Cuisine!

Get a FREE mango lassi with any order today at Dosa Factory :), Get your pink drink on! 

Our fresh watermelon juice is so refreshing you'll want to pour it all over yourself on the way back to your sweltering office (you'll smell nice, but don't do that)., Hey girl...

We spent all day cooking this tandoori chicken just the way you like it. Why don't you come over and relax while we put together a plate for you., Ain't no party like a dosa party 'cause a dosa party don't stop., Look how cute these veggie samosas are. Like they're sitting around a salad campfire or having a little tea party. Don't you just wanna eat 'em?, Let us introduce you to the “royal” chaat King Rajkachauri of the House Dosa, the first of its name Lord of the Seven Squares, Protector of the People's Republic. 

His semolina exterior is filled with spiced veggies and topped with yoghurt., IT’S SO HOT OUT. Escape the sun’s wrath, grab a dosa and a lychee cooler and chill out in our back room., SURFBOARDT

Wanna see Beyoncé and JAY Z at Gillette Stadium on July 1?

Retweet @OnlyinBOS and follow us on Twitter for the chance to WIN 2 tickets! http://bit.ly/surfboardt, It's a bird... it's a plane... it's SUPERDOSA!, Melting in Central Square today? Our summer drink menu has plenty of refreshing drinks to help you cool down!, I woke up like this… I woke up like this… #flawless, Back to work, back to work... might as well do something to make your Monday RULE.

Get a tasty snack with your #dailydosa and try our daami poori filled with spiced chickpeas, potatoes and mint chutney - perfect for our #vegetarian pals out there!, Sundays are for treating yourself to the soft fluffiness of gulab jamuns, oozing out that delicious sweet syrup and melting in your mouth... you might want to get here soon before we eat them all!, The New York Times calls dhokla an "irresistible Gujarati snack" with a "marvelous light and spongy texture."

Luckily you don't have to go all the way to India to get outrageously delicious street food, we've got dhokla ALL DAY EVERY DAY!, Chili. Cheese. Garlic. Dosa.

The four most beautiful words in the world are waiting for you in Central Square!, Here’s a sneak peek inside the Dosa you’re going to eat for lunch today…

Photo by Jennifer S., In the mood for Chinese food? We’ve got your Indian version right here! 

This is our Chili Paneer, an Indo-Chinese classic made with chili, soy and cilantro-spiced cheese., Today’s a good day for a PATIO PARTY! 

Anyone joining us for lunch on the patio today (until 3pm) gets a free mango lassi with their meal!

Photo by http://instagram.com/ttimsmith, Attention Workbar members! Did you know you get 50% off your order at Dosa Factory when you come with a friend all June long? 

Stop in for lunch today with your Workbar card and grab a dosa!, If we remember correctly, DAD actually stands for Dosa-Addicted Dude, so bring him where you know he wants to go and he can enjoy an entree FREE. 

Happy Father’s Day from the Dosa Factory!, Happy Father's Day from One World Cuisine!

Dads get an entree FREE tomorrow when you bring in this coupon :), Have your tried our Chicken Momo special? 

Homemade dumplings served fresh and hot with greens and spicy dipping sauce. Come and get it!, Get your carb fix the healthier way with Aloo Paratha, our whole-wheat bread stuffed with potatoes and onions, cooked on a griddle and served with raita!, Grab a cup of Sugarcane Juice off our summer drink menu for sweet and refreshing companion to your favorite dosa!, Chole bhature is a classic Indian street-food dish. The deep-fried puff is served fresh and hot, and you pull it apart to mop up the chole, or the spicy chickpeas. And yes, it’s as big as it looks!, <dreamworld>Today’s dosa brought right to your home by the generous, fluttering Dosa Fairy.</dreamworld>

<reality>There’s always delivery: http://bit.ly/1tiRojZ</reality>, A dosa is like a tasty ray of sunshine, isn’t it? :)

Photo by Sujoy Kumar C., Is all that delicious tandoori chicken for you?

You betcha. Come and get it!, Two words: NAAN. PIZZA.

I think we won Saturday., #talkdosatome, #ThrowbackThursday That time Chris N. had our Lamb Vindaloo Dosa and shared his glorious meal with the entire Internet. Thanks Chris!, If you’ve never tried uttampam...what are you waiting for?!

Go for the Masala Uttampam, a leavened rice pancake topped with onion, cilantro, tomato and green bell peppers!, There’s no wrong way to eat a dosa!

Some start in the middle, others on the ends. How do you dosa?

Photo by Eric D., We have plenty of #vegetarian options on our menu, including aloo gobhi, dal makhni and bainghan bharta. 

One of our most popular dishes, saag paneer, is made with cubes of cottage cheese tossed with fresh spinach and subtle Indian spices. Mmmm...

Photo by Chris N., Dosa: The Only Known Cure for a ‘Case of the Mondays’, Sundays are good for pampering yourself, and if that means having dessert for lunch, so be it!

You’ve got to try our gulab jamun - these delicious dough balls are deep fried and soaked in rose syrup., Lamb vindaloo, garlic naan and a rosewater lassi… sounds like Saturday is off to a great start!

Photo by Michael M., Have you had your #dailydosa? Today’s choice is the Paper Masala Dosa - a paper-thin crepe stuffed with curry leaf spiced potatoes!

Photo by Julianne, Take lunch when YOU want to and enjoy some of our anytime eats, like our samosa chaat! 

This tasty dish has crisp, deep-fried pastry pyramids stuffed with spiced potatoes and chutney. How could you resist?

Photo by Julianne., How many bites does it take to get to the center of a sharaabi golgappa?

Find out at lunch, the savory potato and chickpea filling will be your prize :)

Photo by Hugo Liu, There’s always room for more dosa. 

Pssst… we deliver. http://bit.ly/1tiRojZ, Who said you can’t have a #dosa for dessert? Our Carrot Cake dosa begs to differ!

This Indian treat is stuffed with gajar halwa (grated carrot pudding) and drizzled with honey., Sometimes all you need is a nice cup of tea to turn your day around! We carry Pride Of India - Tea Company, an organic line of tea that refreshes your senses with its calming aroma., Have you ever tried jalebi? It’s a favorite sweet in Indian cuisine, made by deep-frying wheat flour batter then soaking it in rosewater syrup. 

Sound delicious? There’s plenty to go around :), You’ve got to treat yourself on #SundayFunday!

Try one of our street food classics, a Rose Falooda dessert drink with saffron and pistachio. We know you’ll love it :)

Photo by Julianne via Foodspotting, Hungry? Why wait? GRAB A #DOSA.

Photo by cityrover.com, Hanging out in #CentralSquare tonight? 

Well, there’s a whole lot of tasty tandoori chicken in our kitchen just waiting to be devoured… just saying., You’re going to need a good lunch before you head into this three-day weekend! 

Fuel your day with a bowl of our Shahi Paneer Korma - cottage cheese cubes cooked in a rich and silken sauce with raisins and nuts., It’s the eye of the #dosa, it’s the thrill of the bite…

Rise up to the challenge. Get yourself to the Factory!

Photo by http://instagram.com/thisfeedsme, It’s 12:00. Do you know where your dosas are?, Have you ever tried Sambhar? This is a South Indian spicy soup made with lentils and vegetables, and it just so happens to be the perfect side to your #dailydosa!, Thirsty? Our summer drink menu is up!

We bet you could use a mango lassi right about now... The first 5 to retweet will get one FREE! http://bit.ly/1giJerd, Monday requires cake of any kind... for any meal... doesn’t it? 

Have some dhokla at lunch, a steamed sweet-and-sour cake from Gujarat!, Existential question of the day: If you eat a dosa and don’t share a picture of it, did you really eat it?

Join us in the fight against disappearing dosas. Share a photo of yours today!

Photo by http://instagram.com/katoree, Go big or go to Dosa… where everything is BIGGER!

Try our Chole Bhature, a giant puffed fried dough that you can dip into the warm chickpea soup.

#GIVEAWAY: Get a free mango lassi today when you comment on this post!, #BehindTheScenes at the Dosa Factory: Here’s your delicious #dailydosa being prepared to knock your socks off at dinner tonight!, For when your #dailydosa isn’t enough, there’s Daami Poori to help satisfy your hunger - tasty semolina puffs filled with spiced chickpeas, potatoes and mint chutney!, Let’s reflect for #ThrowbackThursday. Where were you when you had your first dosa?

Photo by Sujoy Kumar C. via Foursquare, Friends don’t let friends go without their #dailydosa. Round up your favorite pals for a mid-day run to the Factory!

#GIVEAWAY: First 5 to comment get a free mango lassi to wash down the dosas!

Photo by http://instagram.com/tseringwnyc, Naan pizza - great idea or greatest?

Come get some! 

Want it delivered? Call (617) 868-3672., We’re here to liberate you from your boring workday lunch! Break free from your chains and come grab some Uttampam!

Our leavened rice pancakes are served with curry leaf-spiced lentils and coconut chutney. We’ll see you soon :), Can you handle the dosa? Come try one of our nearly 20 different kinds and find out!

Photo by Adam K. via  Foursquare, Mom gave you life. Now it's time to return the favor.

Give her the gift of dosa - print this coupon to get her a free entree at Dosa Factory today only!, Nothing’s better than a mouthful of naan... unless you also have a mouthful of dosa. 

Come and get it! :)

Photo by Jaelynn D. via Yelp, Dosa delivery to Together's #HackTogether! Fuel for some new music technology inventions!, Move over Willy Wonka, no golden tickets necessary to get into this Dosa Factory!

Twitter #GIVEAWAY First 5 to retweet get a FREE pakora! http://bit.ly/1uKI1wP, Excited to donate dosas for Together Boston Festival's Hackathon participants tomorrow at General Assembly!, You’re good enough, you’re smart enough, and doggone it, you deserve a dosa!

Photo by http://instagram.com/smashley0703, What's the #1 way to become mom's favorite child? We did extensive scientific research and discovered the answer is DOSAS.

Head down to Central Square with this coupon on Sunday and mom gets to eat free. Don't you want to be her favorite?, Feel refreshed with a nice cold lassi! The churned-yogurt drink is served sweet or salted in mango, rose, masala ginger and Punjabi coffee flavors.

Get a FREE mango lassi with the purchase of an entree today!

Photo by http://instagram.com/ttimsmith, We hope you built up an appetite, there's a lot of food coming your way!

Today's #special: One FREE samosa with the purchase of a dosa.

Photo by Jason M. via Foursquare, If you are what you eat, why not be sweet?

Be your most saccharine self with our delicious jalebi (fried dough soaked in syrup)., How do you dosa? 

Some like to start from one end and eat their way to the other, but we think it's more fun to jump right in the middle :)

Photo via http://instagram.com/aisra #DailyDosa, "I spent most of my morning thinking about Dosa Factory" -@wangoutwithme on Instagram. So did we! 

Come satisfy your cravings and get your #DailyDosa - try our Masala Dosa rolled and stuffed with potato and curry leaf spiced onions!

Photo by FotoDish, Start the week off right with a healthy Monday lunch. Our Paneer Kathi Roll is a veggie-packed Indian burrito served with mint chutney, salad and a pickle!

Photo by http://instagram.com/carloscuisine, Do you hear that? That's Tandoori Chicken calling your name... and it has something special for you...

Get a FREE chai with the purchase of any entrée today. See you soon!

Photo via Yelp, Reporting live from inside a dosa… the forecast for this evening is delicious with a chance of naan.

Call in for takeout or delivery at 617-868-DOSA (3672). Delivery 5pm-9:45pm daily. 

Photo: Michael M. via Foursquare, Don’t be afraid, it won’t bite. #DailyDosa 

Friday #Special: Free pakora with any entrée!, #TGIT (Thank God It's THURSDAY!)

Thursday's Special: Get a Mango Lassi #FREE with purchase of an entrée!, Dosa Factory. 

When you're here..... 

.....you're eating dosa., Happy Wednesday! Today's #special: buy one Dosa, get one Samosa #FREE!, Bring some color into a grey day with our Pav Bhaaji!

Classic mumbai leavened bread served with potato curry and a tossed green salad. #yumyumyum!

Call in for takeout or delivery at 617-868-DOSA (3672)., Guess what time it is?!

TRICK QUESTION. It's ALWAYS Dosa Time.

#DailyDosa brought to you today by http://instagram.com/cevans24, We know what will cheer you up on a rainy day...

NAAN PIZZA! 

If Saag Paneer is your go-to, try our Paneer saagwaala pizza!

Call in for takeout or delivery at 617-868-DOSA (3672)., Happy Friday! Here are your only tasks for the day:

-Dunk
-Eat
-Repeat!

Pictured: Shahi Paneer Korma and Garlic Naan mmmmmmm...., Lunch time? More like UTTAPAM time!

Here is our tasty Masala Uttapam - leavened rice pancakes topped with onion, cilantro, tomato and green bell peppers, served with sambhar (curry leaf spiced lentils) and coconut chutney.

So fresh! So colorful! So delicious!, We know you love your Mutter Paneer, but next time you come in, try something new!

These are "Paani Poori" golgappas - crispy, delicious, and one of the most popular street snacks in Mumbai, Delhi, Dhaka and more.

"Poori" are classic Indian semolina puffs or "waterballs." The "paani" is what's in the bowl in the middle - water with spices that you eat with the poori.

Pop some in your mouth today! 

Photo by FotoDish: http://fotodish.com/, "What's that delicious smell coming from Dosa Factory?!"

It's YOUR freshly baked Paneer Kadhai Pizza! That's right - we have several kinds of NAAN PIZZA to choose from!

Chicken tikka masala pizza 
Paneer kadhai pizza 
Paneer saagwaala pizza
Lamb vindaloo pizza 

Come try some for lunch today!, If you leave hungry, you’re doing it wrong. 

Enjoy a dosa on the patio on your day off! 

#DailyDosa by http://instagram.com/sarahandboston, We're open & ready to serve up your favorite #DOSA!

Dine inside or hang out on our patio. :), Yummy Indian Sweets!!

Perfect treats after a long week. #TGIF., You know what they say .... a dosa a day keeps the doctor away. ;)

Today's #DailyDosa by http://instagram.com/the_manny_sg

Want to order for pick-up? Call us at 617-868-DOSA (3672)! 

(Delivery 5-9:45pm daily), What's your favorite Dosa? 

#DailyDosa, HOLY DOSA BATMAN!!!

Today's #DailyDosa brought to you by Hogger & Co. photography via Instagram: http://instagram.com/hoggerandco, // veggie curry, naan, veggie samosas (with mint chutney) + watermelon juice. best meal i've ever had.

via http://instagram.com/dani___elle, It's a beautiful day! Come have your #DailyDosa outside on the patio! :)

Photo by http://instagram.com/phuongydiep, Nothing says "get in my mouth right now" like warm, handmade Garlic Naan, stuffed with garlic and coriander and fresh outta the tandoor.

One day, try a different type for lunch! Like:

Keema Naan - stuffed with minced lamb, spices and cliantro
Pashawari Naan - stuffed with coconut, dry fruits and potatoes
Aloo Naan - stuffed with delicately spiced potato
Mooli Naan: stuffed with coconut, dried fruits and potatoes, "A taste of Indian cuisine: Shahi Paneer, Naan bread, Matar Paneer and Daal Makhani" - a delicious lunch with http://instagram.com/porsiemprekarenly and friends! 

So what if it's raining? We deliver 5pm to 9:45pm seven days a week! Order online for pick-up or delivery here: http://is.gd/DosaDelivery, "Samosas and dosas!!" taken by http://instagram.com/tainahsoares.

Nothing beats a dosa and some cold, fresh Mint Lemonade on a beautiful day!

#DailyDosa, Your daily dose of dosa, brought to you today by http://instagram.com/tseringwnyc!

#DailyDosa, Happy Friday! We have a brand new item on the menu that you HAVE to try: Chicken Momo - homemade dumplings! #tgif, Today's #DailyDosa! 

"Some say heaven is a place on earth." via http://instagram.com/anjalipinto, Next time you come in, try our Daami Poori: Semolina Puffs filled with spiced chickpeas, potatoes & mint chutney.

Like little pockets of heaven. 

#mmmmmmmmmm, Introducing..... The #DailyDosa!! Your daily dose of dosa taken from YOUR Instagram accounts.

#1: "Dosa and bhel puri! #indianfood #foodie #southindia Kerala pride :)"
via http://instagram.com/snaps4life

Follow Dosa Factory on Instagram here; we love to see your photos! http://instagram.com/dosafactory, José finishes shaping Naan dough before baking it in our tandoor - always with a smile!

See you for lunch..., It may be raining, but here are 4 easy steps to a good day:

Step 1: Order our vegetarian-friendly Shahi Paneer Korma.

Step 2: Dump it on rice generously.

Step 3: Dunk our freshly baked Naan into it.

Step 4: Leave Dosa Factory full and happy. :), Did you know we have freshly baked NAAN PIZZA?!

That's right! Here's the Paneer Kadhai Pizza with paneer cubes, onion, peppers, tomatoes and more, topped with mozzarella cheese. #YUM 

Come try some for lunch today!, null, a Delicious steaming dosa + Warm Masala Chai = Happy Wednesday :), Central Sq is getting more and more popular everyday :)

Come out & Support small businesses in Cambridge :), HAPPY SATURDAY 

Just had a Spicy Chicken Dosa with a sweet Mango Lassi :) MmMmM, Almost 300 likes --- Please support us and share our Page :), 50% off Masala Dosa at Dosa Factory 

Offer Valid on Tuedsay's Only

Mention this to receive full discount

http://dosafactory.com/, null, Who's Hungry? :), Happy thanksgiving guys

Crispy Turkey Dosa available at Dosa Factory :), Freezing cold!

How about a nice warm dosa?!, Congrats to The Boston RedSox for Winning

Come by to enjoy your favorite delicious crispy dosa!, DOSA FACTORY at The 'Oktober' Festival

Come visit us!

Stall # 205, DOSA FACTORY at The 'Oktober' Festival

Come visit us!

Stall # 205, Best Saag Paneer Award :)

Thank you everyone for the support, Dinner time at Dosa Factory

The 'Masala Dosa' 

It's a Crispy, lightly salted Indian crepe with a flavorful potato middle

Mild
Medium 
Or Spicy

:), Like if you love dosa's, Who's ready for dinner?
Something spicy?, Wake up and smell the dosa! ;), Good morning Dosa lovers :), Dumpling Festival in Central Sq, Dumpling Festival in Central Sq, Anyone up for breakfast dosa?, Who's ready for some Mysore Masala Dosa?

Wash it down with our delicious homemade Mango Lassi
:) Mmmm, HAPPY FOURTH OF JULY EVERYONE

GOING TO GO SEE THE FIREWORKS TONIGHT AT THE ESPLANADE, Come visit the DOSA FACTORY booth at the " 2013 WORLD'S FAIR"

10th booth on the left

See you soon, Come visit the DOSA FACTORY booth at the "2013 World's Fair", Almost Friday

Hang in there, Dosa factory voted best samosa in all of Cambridge out of more then 15 other indian restaurants

Grab one today after work, DOSA FACTORY will be at the annual "May Fair" tomorrow, Dear Friends & Family,

The events that took place on April 15 were both shocking and unfortunate. A century old Boston and international tradition which supposed to be a event full of excitement ended in tragedy. The Boston marathon has acted as a gathering for people from all over the globe, This past Monday left all of us sad, fearful, and infuriated. The OWC Group would like you to know that you are not alone. 

In times like this Boston will go move forward and become even stronger. We would like to thank all military, police, medical and security staff for their hard work and dedication., We are open!, stop by for a Dosa!, null, Come try our Spinach Mozzarella Dosa - dosa filled with fresh Spinach and Mozzarella is sure to melt in your mouth. See you soon!, Check out out catering Page - One World Cuisine Catering, DOSA OF THE DAY: Fresh Garlic Chicken Dosa

Stop by and try it today, only $10, and comes with a side of Sambar (south indian styled soup) and a side of chutney (indian sauce) & salad

571 Massachusetts Avenue, Cambridge,MA
___________________________________________________________________, DOSA OF THE DAY: Fresh Spinach & Mozzarella Dosa

Stop by and try it today only $10, and comes with a side of eggplant sambar (south indian soup) and a small salad!, null, Quote Mondays: "Always aim at complete harmony of thought and word and deed. Always aim at purifying your thoughts and everything will be well." - Gandhi, null, null, null, Quote Mondays: "Hunger: One of the few cravings that cannot be appeased with another solution."  ~ Irwin Van Grove, @dosafactory is blowing up on Twitter!, easy as uno, Dosa, tres!, If you find yourself hungry in Jamaica Plain, try the amazing Indian food at Bukhara. http://cot.ag/eVVsw6, Quote Mondays: Don't knock the weather; nine-tenths of the people couldn't start a conversation if it didn't change once in a while.  ~Kin Hubbard, Go to the loyalty club tab and join for a $10 gift certificate!, Bull-Dosa? What would be in it?, Our sister restaurants, Mela and Bukhara have been nominated for best Indian restaurant by the Boston Phoenix! Vote for them here http://cot.ag/fNjj63, Our sister restaurants, Mela and Bukhara have been nominated for best Indian restaurant by the Boston Phoenix! Vote for them here http://cot.ag/fNjj63, Do you love Tandoori Chicken? Learn how we make it on our blog http://cot.ag/hOadEJ, February's almost over! Get 25% off until the end of the month when you present your loyalty club barcode. Get one here http://cot.ag/dWaoiF, LOVE THIS WEATHER!, Check out the One World Cuisine blog for updates, deals and other goodies http://cot.ag/hOadEJ, FREE $10 gift certificate for everyone that joins our loyalty club http://cot.ag/bmJi0k, Happy Valentines Day! Share a dosa with someone you love:), Quote Mondays: Either you run the day or the day runs you. -Jim Rohn, Snowed in? Check out the One World Cuisine Blog for deals and other cool stuff http://oneworldcuisine.wordpress.com/, Quote Mondays: Shoot for the moon.  Even if you miss, you'll land among the stars. -Les Brown, Check out the One World Cuisine Blog for news, updates and DEALS...(hint hint) http://oneworldcuisine.wordpress.com/, Welcome to Boston MA, where it snows every other day...and we have really good Indian food also:), Look who's opening up in Waltham!, check out our blog at http://oneworldcuisine.wordpress.com/, Make Dosas, Not War!, Teekha Chana Dosa! Spicey chickpeas, fresh tomatoes, and cilantro in an Indian Crepe., Its a beautiful day in Central Square!  Cool out with a mango lassi!, the globe likes us :), check out what Boston Foodie had to say, Our delicious dosa and the spices at Shalimar!)