List(One more reason we love elephants!, Don’t forget to make your Valentine’s Day reservation early!  

Looking for that special Valentines Day Gift, give the gift of an experience!  Give your special Valentine a Cooking Class Gift Certificate!, Trying to Get in Some Last Minute Shopping don't Forget to Eat ! 

We still have some reservations available for tonight call ahead or walk in and see all your favorite servers! 

Don't forget to try The Chimera that perfect spicy winter drink with our house made chai infused bourbon, our own cranberry-honey smash topped with ginger beer!, Give the Gift of an Experience this Holiday Season!

Looking for a Gift for the Person who has Everything? Give them the gift of an experience they will continue to use for years, a hands on, cooking class at the Elephant Walk in Cambridge with one of our chefs. You can sign them up for a class or purchase a cooking class gift certificate from our website www.elephantwalk.com! 
Also don't forget to include a cookbook ! And of course we have gift cards available both online and in our restaurant!!, It's back! Our famous Cassoulet  this version of the traditional French dish is from the town of Castelnaudary in Southern France and features Great Northern beans slow simmered with pork belly, duck confit and pork sausage! Perfect for a cold day/evening ... It is also available gluten free make sure to ask your server.., We will be closed Thanksgiving Day, hope you all have a wonderful Thanksgiving!

We will be open on Black Friday, for both lunch and dinner.

Drop in for lunch; and get a big bowl of Soup Phenom Penh and Rouleaux, relax and get recharged before going back out into the shopping melee!

Or stop in after all your shopping for a great dinner!
-A Salade Cambodgienne with shredded cabbage, carrots, natural chicken breast, red bell peppers, onion, peanuts mint and Asian basil with a spicy tuk trey sauce.
-An entrée of Poulet a la Citronelle, Organic Bell and Evans chicken thighs in lemongrass sauce, peanut, onion, red bell peppers and scallion served with jasmine rice.
-Can’t forget desert, Tarte Chocolat Au Caramel, a pate brises tartlet filled with semi-sweet chocolate and smooth caramel. Served with crème Anglaise and vanilla ice cream.

Stop and take time to enjoy the holiday season!, Winter is coming! 
Have you tried our Boeuf Bourguignon?, Nadsa taught a cooking class at the Boston Center for Adult Education on Monday.  These budding chefs have some beautiful and delicious dishes to share!, You’ve eaten here, had some of our delicious dishes, now you can learn some of our secret recipes!

Learn how to cook Cambodian (Khmer) Cuisine, or maybe French/Fusion Cuisine?  With Gerard cooking we even have a few Spanish influenced classes.

Our world renowned chefs, offer hands on cooking classes at our Cambridge location! 

Go to www.elephantwalk.com/portfolio/ to sign up for a class today!, We will be extending our Dine Out Boston menu for another week! So if you missed out during Restaurant week it's not too late to come in and try some of our special dishes we have to offer! Make sure to call ahead or make your reservation online today.., Rouleaux, null, Alfresco Dining in Cambridge!

Summer has finally arrived after a gruesome Winter for us in New England 

We offer outdoor seating at the Elephant Walk in Cambridge! Our patio is located just in front of our Restaurant and features six full size tables and plenty of people watching.. 

City ordinances mandate alcohol must be accompanied by food while Dining Al Fresco in Cambridge! 

So when making your next reservation don't forget to request outdoor seating.. weather permitted, Looking for the perfect spot to book your next event ?! 

Look no further.. Our restaurant includes three private dining rooms the Tamarind room seats 15 guests comfortably, our Asparas room that seats 70 guests and our Saffron room that holds up to 45 guests. Great for your next Corporate Event, Birthday Celebration, Wedding, Rehearsal Dinner and anything in between! 

Please visit our website (www.elephantwalk.com) and go to our private events link to fill out our large party form! Or call the restaurant's main line 617-492-6900 to speak with a Manager !, Happy Cambodian New Year! 
😁🎉🎊, We are excited to announce that this coming November The Elephant Walk in Boston will be moving to the South End.  We hope you will join us at our exciting new venue!  Our location at 900 Beacon Street will remain open through the summer and fall. The Elephant Walk South End will be located at 1415 Washington Street, where we will be serving our classic French and Cambodian cuisine along with new, innovative dishes drawing from these traditional roots.  We trust that the many friends we have made over the years will continue to drop in and say hello and we are also looking forward to the relationships we will build in our new neighborhood.  Until we move we will be celebrating our remaining time in the Fenway area with specials and features that reflect the 20 great years we have had at this location.  Thanks for being with us on this adventure! 
We will keep you posted on upcoming developments., Dine Out Boston is In Full Swing and New Cooking Classes, Oh My! http://conta.cc/1gcw26a, Happy Valentine's Day! http://conta.cc/1fa88SZ, Winter Cooking Classes, Party Planning, Gift Ideas and Monthly Recipe http://conta.cc/18jJf88, We almost forgot: Today is our birthday!, Summer Restaurant Week barely two weeks away... When did that happen?! - We invite you to preview our menus and to start making your plans!, Alex DiLaura, one of our newest Waltham staff members, is actually a graduate of More Than Words, an amazing organization that got its start in Waltham, and that also happens to be our July Beneficiary! - Well, Alex has just shared in this post on our blog his experience working through their program, and shed some light on the difference that organization makes in young peoples' lives., You're hot. We're hot. THESE two summer dishes are exactly what the doctor ordered!, Here's to good friends and their many blessings..., Happy Birthday to Us??, Catching up with our Waltham restaurant's May Beneficiary!, We've all seen pictures of the same person, taken in the same place, years apart - right? Well, thanks to a very observant and thoughtful guest of ours, I was treated to a great surprise of that very kind. Check out this link. - Bob, Queen Clara and Lady Isabel interrupted their Steampunk leadership duties to grace and bless all the moms at Mother's Day Brunch in Waltham today! - There's still a full afternoon left to enjoy the great annual Watch City Festival this afternoon, in all its Victorian finery!, This is our 14th year supporting Boston Bakes for Breast Cancer - http://www.bostonbakesforbreastcancer.org/ - and this year we're donating all proceeds from the sale of our "Tarte Chocolat au Caramel - a pâte brisée tartlet filled with semi-sweet chocolate and smooth caramel, served with crème Anglaise and vanilla ice cream. It is YUMMY. - Indulge - from now through Mothers' Day - and help Dana Farber continue its important work on treating - and curing - breast cancer!, Founded by a dear friend of The Elephant Walk, Hope In Bloom is a wonderful local nonprofit that is helping in a very creative and substantial way - by building places of respite, outdoor healing gardens - people [primarily women] who are being treated for breast cancer. Please consider participating in this Groupon Grassroots fundraiser for Hope In Bloom!, As we have each and every year since this great event was founded, all three Elephant Walks are participating again this year in "Boston Bakes for Breast Cancer" - a week-long fundraiser for Dana Farber Cancer Institute taking place in restaurants all over Greater Boston. All participants are donating all proceeds of their dessert-of-choice sold from Monday, May 6, 2013 through Mother's Day, May 12th! - Eat some sweets, raise some money, show some love!, Future Chefs is a great, Greater Boston organization - guiding our youth through the challenging thicket of their teenage years and and into education and careers in food service - preparing them to lead, and to feed [us!]. - We're proud at The Elephant Walk in Waltham, to be giving three percent of our May sales to Future Chefs for the 4th consecutive year!, For the safety and peace of mind of our staff and guests, we've decided that all three Elephant Walks will be closed this evening. Sorry for any disappointment. - Snuggle up with the ones you love tonight; we sure will! 

In the meantime, THANK YOU TO ALL THE AUTHORITIES working so hard to end this bizarre nightmare for all of us., Nice. Props, J. Ray. Thanks for speaking for us., Here's a quick, fun mashup for you!, We're extending Restaurant Week through next Saturday, April 6th - and this DELICIOUS dish is on the menu! It's a hearty vegetarian delight on our French menu. We call it "Gratin de Quinoa aux Legumes" - a hearty gratin of quinoa "risotto," cauliflower, eggplant, zucchini, onion, tomato, and gruyère cheese. - Even meat eaters find this one satisfies!, Why OF COURSE you can open your Restaurant Week dining experience with us with our legendary Spring Rolls! :-), Horizons for Homeless Children is doing GREAT work helping perhaps the most vulnerable among us. We're proud to give three percent of our sales at The Elephant Walk in Waltham to Horizons for Homeless Children - our March Beneficiary. - Thank you for dining with us in March and lending your support!, Restaurant Week rolls on! And Crevettes Kep-sur-Mer is one of the great main course choices from the Cambodian side of the menu. It features black tiger shrimp sautéed in a light, tangy sauce of lemongrass, tamarind, coconut milk and kaffir lime - and chock-full of vegetables, too, including asparagus, baby bok choy, and snow peas. It's dish is also available vegan, with tofu in place of they shrimp., Just took this shot of a cross-section of a pomelo being sliced for someone's meal tonight in Waltham. If you've never had pomelo, you're missing something special. They look like supersized grapefruit, but with a mellower and almost nutty flavor profile, along with a great mouthfeel.  - We're ALL enjoying the fact that Nadsa created a salad for our Restaurant Week menu that uses pomelo, along with Asian pear and chèvre. Yum! - One more thing: The Latin name for pomelo is as wonderful as its flavor: "Citrus Maxima", Can you believe it? Winter Restaurant Week 2013 starts Sunday night! - All three Elephant Walks are participating. - Restaurant Week officially runs from March 17-March 29, with the Saturdays off. But WE are going to run both Saturdays, March 23 and March 30th!

We've traditionally offered EXTRA value during Restaurant Weeks past; this one will be no different:

The official Restaurant Week dinner menu is $38.13 for three courses. We're offering FOUR courses for $38.13, and just $33.95 if all your choices are Cambodian. PLUS, you can get ANY THREE courses for just $34.13, $29.95 if all your choices are Cambodian! - You can't beat that with a STICK!, We at The Elephant Walk in Waltham are flattered to be included in this handful of food service businesses spotlighted for their commitments to the common good!, You might've seen this one before, but it's worth watching again - especially when you're craving beach time on a snow day! :-), Why we're big fans of Pine Street Inn at The Elephant Walk in Waltham. Dining with us in February, you're helping us support them!, Buried in snow? Here's a little American Southwest travelogue for you from The Elephant Walk's co-founder Bob Perry, who found the source of one of The Elephant Walk's key ingredients!, Our mini city! - A must-see video of Boston!, null, If you're anything like us today, you're thinking: 2013 already?!?

Well, tonight we're serving the following particularly delightful specials to help celebrate:

• Crispy spring rolls with honey-roasted butternut squash and a tangy tamarind sauce and spicy onion relish

• Lobster and shrimp bisque with chervil oil and flash-fried parsnips

• A bowl full of thinly-sliced beef, chicken breast, and black tiger shrimp simmered in a fragrant broth of toasted galangal, garlic, shallot and crushed peanuts, served over scallion rice noodles and garnished with fresh lettuce, bean sprouts, cilantro, mint, and Asian basil

• Pan-fried panko-encrusted local flounder filets with a Belgian endive gratin and finished with a tarragon Champagne sauce

• A rich, fragrant braise of beef short ribs in coconut milk, tamarind, cardamom, star anise, cinnamon, galangal, lemongrass, crushed chili pods and whole roasted peanuts; served with spicy kimchee, fresh cucumber and cilantro

Yum!!

Here's wishing you and yours a very healthy, Happy New Year - from all of us at The Elephant Walk!!, Happy Birthday...to US! :-) The Elephant Walk in Waltham turned 15 years old today!, It's a new month, and so we shift our focus at The Elephant Walk in Waltham to another of our hard-working and inspiring hunger relief beneficiaries: Share Our Strength!, Brandeis Café Science is back at The Elephant Walk in Waltham on Monday, December 3rd!, Massnonprofit.org posted a nice study this morning about our work at The Elephant Walk in Waltham., 2012 was our Monday Benefit Dinner Program's best year yet!, Here's wishing you a very Happy Thanksgiving! - All three Elephant Walks will be closed for Thanksgiving but back open again for our regular hours beginning at lunch on Friday, November 23rd. We look forward to seeing you soon!, New Monday Benefit Dinner at The Elephant Walk in Waltham to support a local animal shelter's response to Hurricane Sandy!, Three percent of The Elephant Walk in Waltham's sales each year are committed to Project Bread and the Walk for Hunger!, Consider attending our next Monday Benefit Dinner Waltham; it's for Naturestage, a unique nonprofit seeking to build empathy for animals though art and film. - It's next Monday, October 29th!, Food Day is next Wednesday, October 24th. Learn more about it from a piece in today's Boston Globe., This video is definitely worth your time if you're a Bostonian!, Bob's been invited to the White House! But, how do you prepare for that?, Why was the Benefit Restaurant Project founded?, Brandeis Café Science resumes at The Elephant Walk in Waltham on October 1st!, Please join us for a Food Day Benefit Dinner in Waltham on October 24th for Waltham Fields Community Farm - with special guest speaker Frances Moore Lappé!, The Elephant Walk in Waltham's beneficiary this month, SmallCanBeBig.org, takes a new approach to philanthropy - helping individuals give whatever they can to specific families in need., This blog post discusses how the wider world might frame the Benefit Restaurant commitment we've got going in Waltham., Head's up! - We're extending Restaurant Week by a week, running our special lunch and dinner prix-fixe menus through next Saturday night, September 8th. - Here's a question for you: Is this something you're happy we're doing?, It really does feel good to be included!, A new Monday Benefit Dinner is on the schedule: October 22 for a great animal welfare organization: All Dog Rescue!, Summer Restaurant Week is already under way at The Elephant Walk - and we offer unique value, too!, One of our most pleasant surprises: An impromptu visit from Julia Child..., Late Summer 2012 Cooking Classes http://conta.cc/N2DnBh, Waltham's got some interesting things cooking at the BAR, too!, Please support this wonderful organization founded by a long-time close friend of The Elephant Walk! - Hope In Bloom build gardens for people undergoing treatment for breast cancer., Interesting post about Nyep and Nadsa on a "character approved" blog!, There's still time to support Boston Bakes for Breast Cancer when you enjoy our delicious Caramel Tart, now through Mother's Day!, This was a great event at The Elephant Walk in Waltham. - We had no idea a Globe reporter was present! - Café Science: grab yourself a bite!, Our guests sure order a lot of spring rolls!, Restaurant Week starts today! - Restaurants all over the city are offering special 3 course dinner menus for $33.12! - But not us! No, we're offering FOUR courses for $33.12! And you just want three, you can skip any course which will drop your price to just $29.95.

http://www.elephantwalk.com/Elephant_Walk_Dinner_Menu_Winter_Restaurant_Week_2012.pdf, The calm before the storm in restaurantland... Happy Valentine's Day, everyone!, Getting excited about this coming Sunday's Super Hunger Brunch! At The Elephant Walk in Waltham you can enjoy a three-course brunch for just $25 [including a choice beverage!] in support of a sobering cause - hunger relief - championed by a GREAT organization: The Greater Boston Food Bank!, Our Winter 2012 cooking class schedule is now available for registration. Classes include "Light, Healthy, and Delicious Meals for After the Holidays," "Don't Compromise and Eat Gluten-Free!," and "Perfect Recipes for a Romantic Valentine's Dinner."

You can sign yourself up or give these classes as gifts this holiday season!, We at The Elephant Walk have much to be thankful for - including YOU! Thanks for liking us so much! - Just so you know, we're closed Thanksgiving so we can all be with our families. Please enjoy YOURS! - Happy Thanksgiving. See you soon!, Any fan of the Red Green Show will appreciate this duct tape elephant! With thanks to Scott Williams [Scott is a GREAT contractor who built our Boston and Waltham restaurants, by the way!] for sending this to us this morning from Crescent Street in Cambridge! [And if you don't know the Red Green Show, you should! It's on both New Hampshire and Rhode Island public television.], Try the special [and DELICIOUS] dessert trio of authentic Cambodian desserts available throughout November at all three of our restaurants: We're donating all proceeds to a flood relief effort in Cambodia. Help us help them as much as we can!, We are very pleased to be donating 3% of our November sales at The Elephant Walk in Waltham - for the third year running! - to Project Bread and their signature event, the Walk for Hunger!, Three percent of our October sales in Waltham go to Waltham Fields Community Farm!, It was fun to welcome this group of GREAT people who run Waltham Fields Community Farm in Waltham, a wonderful organization doing great things for our community through food!, A great idea, supported by great pictures., Nope, this doesn't have a thing to do with our restaurants - but we love elephants and we love dogs! And nothing is better than laughter... :-), It was 20 years ago today..., October 2, 1991 Ceremonial Robbon Cutting -Founders Bob Perry, Longteine de Monteiro and Kenthao de Monteiro, with then Somerville Mayor, U.S. Congressman Michael Capuano, former Mayor Brennan, and a host of Somerville Chamber of Commerce officials., It's on incredibly hot days like these that this soup is PARTICULARLY awesome! Check out this link - it's got a recipe AND audio!, This HAS to be at the very beginning - late August 1991. Check out the " Grand Opening - 10% Off All Week" banner so classily tied to the railing... and the streamers... and the BayBank ATM!, Our First Thanksgiving - I just checked the calendar: It was November 28, 1991. The Elephant Walk in Somerville had just burst onto the Greater Boston dining scene. As we're now in the process of gathering memories to share with you all in the run-up to our 20th anniversary, we are reminded how thankful we are to our original staff, many of whom are visible in this photo - line cooks Savuth and Tha [still with us now!], servers Tanya Evans, David Wahl, Tom Mulligan, Stacy Kilroy and Leslie Gaffney - who, like everyone with us today, worked so hard to make The Elephant Walk great!, Well THIS has certainly snuck up on us... The Elephant Walk's 20th Anniversary is next month! Can you believe it?, Get one while you can! - Our Groupon went on sale this morning., This Boston Magazine blog post captures the essence of one our most popular cooking classes: Nyep's day-long adventure we call "Doing It All on Market Day.", It's now possible to make reservations at any of our restaurants via OpenTable from this Facebook page! Just click the "Reservations" link on your left., null, We're seriously considering separate pages for each of our restaurants. It's pretty clear that each serves its own local community and following. What would YOU like?, What do you think about viewing quick videos we produce ourselves on the fly? Here's our first, promoting Waltham's specials starting tonight., Enjoy this profoundly moving story of loyalty from an animal, Japan's "Hachiko.", We just donated the remaining $4,000 of our Crisis Reserve account to Americares in support of their crucial work on behalf of the Japanese people. Please consider adding your support!, Animals are important to us, and to the Japanese people as well. Accordingly, we just donated $2,000 of our $6,000 Crisis Reserve account balance to Japan Earthquake Animal Rescue and Support. Please consider lending some support yourself!, All this month -- yes, even during Restaurant Week! -- 3 % of our Waltham sales are going to Horizons for Homeless Children!, Our Restaurant Week LUNCH menu offers added value too: You can have all three courses for the event price of $20.11, or skip any course and pay just $15.11. We begin serving our Restaurant Week lunch menu on Monday, March 7th, at all three restaurants!, You know this already, but here's a reminder: Restaurant Week starts next Sunday!--We're continuing our tradition of offering EXTRA dinner value with our Restaurant Week menu: FOUR courses instead of the organizer-requested three for the event price of $33.11. AND you can skip any course to lower the price to $29.95!, The kids are quite alright, thank you very much! - Check out this full-blown review of our Waltham restaurant by Elaine, a local 5th grader, who's obviously well on her way to becoming a serious foodie!, THIS is why The Benefit Restaurant Project exists. - Posted with thanks to my friend Ian Woofenden who posted this earlier today. I couldn't figure out how to share it here from my personal FB profile!], Can you believe this winter? Now... imagine you were homeless.... That's why we're committed, throughout the winter quarter, to the fight to end homelessness. Please join us at The Elephant Walk in Waltham all February where 3% of our sales are committed to Pine Street Inn, one of Greater Boston's most effective organizations engaged in the effort to end homelessness!, The 2011 Super Hunger Brunch to benefit The Greater Boston Food Bank is Sunday, January 30, 2011 at our Waltham restaurant. The cost is $35 for a three course meal that includes your first delectable brunch beverage, and 100% of the proceeds go to this important cause!, Delivering the goods!

On December 17, 2010, our Waltham managers, Gerardo Carrillo and Peter Khoury present a check for $3,203.66 to Corporate Relations Director Melinda Halissey of Project Bread, our November Beneficiary!, New Years already?!...
Amazingly, yes! And here's a quick peek at two specials Nadsa's planning for New Year's Eve: For our vegan friends: Pan-seared organic tofu with grilled portabella mushroom, tomato and eggplan in a spicy ginger curry sauce. And for our omnivores: Lamb shank braised in Champagne cream sauce with wild mushroom and roasted chestnut... Mmm....., Ten new cooking classes scheduled for January-March 2011. - Educational fun for you, and they make great gifts, too!, We are what we eat..., http://www.walkingelephant.net/2010/10/we-are-what-we-eat.html, Thanks for the plug, Mary! Here's a link to sign up for this Monday Benefit Dinner for the Mmofra Trom Bead Project which has been generously organized by a Bentley University student!, Dropping in on City Year Boston, More Than [at a loss for] Words, Hey, they asked! The organizers of Boston Restaurant Week asked if we wanted to extend our participation... and we said YES! Our Summer Restaurant Week menus - lunch and dinner - will be available through Saturday, September 4th., Listen to Nadsa demonstrating and discussing her Avocado Citrus Soup on 90.9 WBUR's "Radio Boston", Here's a great chance for you to grab yourself a deal on an upcoming meal with us!, Don't miss this opportunity to help a very cool social entrepreneurship venture on Moody Street in Waltham: More Than Words. A nonprofit bookstore café that helps at-risk young adults take charge of their lives through running a business... Fantastic. - Three percent of our July sales in Waltham goes to More Than Words., Okay, so I was getting ready to tell you about our participation in Waltham Restaurant Month where participating Waltham restaurants - including us - are offering special prix fixe menus at both lunch and dinner for a mere $18.84 [Waltham was founded in 1884]. Well, I wanted to provide you with a link to SOMETHING on the web about Waltham Restaurant Month, so I searched and found...nothing. Or next to nothing. Just a LITTLE embarrassing! Well, notwithstanding the absence of independent proof that there really IS a Waltham Restaurant Month, WE are participating and invite you to join us! Visit our homepage for a link to our $18.84 prix-fixe menu., This is a related ongoing project of tremendous value to Cambodia and its people!, About a week ago we received a comment on our blog post a while back about the poignant HARM that generosity does in the wake of a monumental crisis like the January Haiti earthquake - where a large volume of philanthropic funds are diverted away from beneficiaries that depend on regular donations, and toward genuine crises. Don't you wish we could do it all! - Well, here's a chance to show a little love to a small but organization's summer project., Click the link that follows to sign up for the July 12 Gulf Coast Fund Benefit Dinner at The Elephant Walk in Waltham!, Pictures of the food at The Elephant Walk taken over the years.... Not sure what we've got but we'll add more and more as time goes by!, Delivered our Waltham Benefit Restaurant donation check for May to Future Chefs today: $3,161.72 to an amazing culinary education program working in Somerville, Quincy, Charlestown and Boston to support our young people through their transition from childhood to adulthood via mentorships, apprenticeships and scholarships., Nadsa's Waltham sous chef, Osmaro, is running a delicious swordfish special this week! - "Espadon Grillé" - Grilled swordfish filet topped with lemon and caper tapenade over pan-seared red bliss potatoes and served with sautéed corn, cherry tomatoes, and snow peas. - We tasted it a pre-meal yesterday and it was sublime!, This link will take you to The Elephant Walk co-founder Bob Perry's blog, which he is constantly threatening to keep up-to-date! There you'll find some history of The Elephant Walk, occasional commentary on happenings in restaurantland, The Benefit Restaurant Project, and other personal musings., Hi there! Thanks for stopping by. This page is brand new and it will take us a little time to learn how to use it. - We welcome your suggestions!)