List(Hold your next corporate event at blu Restaurant & Bar! We offer private events with specialty menus, such as our buffet menu., If you have tickets for “The Sound of Music” at the Boston Opera House tonight, make a reservation for a pre-theater dinner at blu! Enjoy a delicious entree, such as our Diver Sea Scallops over lobster risotto., Being located on the 4th floor of Equinox has its perks; our view of the city can’t be beat. (617) 765-4363, Start off the week with a smoothie at the blu Cafe! The cafe is open during the week from 6:00 am-10:30 pm and 7:00 am-7:30 pm on weekends., Today is National Spinach Day! Stop in for lunch and celebrate with a Cobb Salad, with spinach, romaine, chicken, egg, avocado, blue cheese, bacon served with in red wine vinaigrette dressing! View our full lunch menu here., Relax at our open bar while enjoying a glass of our White Sangria. Click here to view our full cocktail menu., Located in the heart of Boston’s Theater District, blu Restaurant & Bar is the perfect venue for pre-theater dinner and after show drinks! Click here to make a reservation., Our Grilled Swordfish is served with lobster mashed potatoes and grilled asparagus in a saffron-butter sauce. Visit our website to view our full dinner menu., Take in sky-high views of Boston’s Theater District while dining on seasonal menus from our Executive Chef. Visit us for dinner on the 4th Floor at Equinox., null, null, Surf n' Turf Valentine's Day Special, Happy Valentine's Day, New additions to our dinner menu, Breakfast Special this week at blu Cafe.
Eggs Benedict
Served until 2:30 pm everyday, Shrimp Tagliatelle 
Lunch Menu
Monday-Friday
11:30-2:30, null, Wedding Reception, Antipasto Salad, Eggplant Napoleon, Beet Salad, Garden Salad, Cocktail Menu, White Sangria, null, null, null, null, null, Scallops, Calamari, Pork Shank, Jumbo Scallops with Lobster Risotto, Rack of Lamb, Swordfish, Dear friends, blu will be closed today due to the storm.
Please be safe and check back soon., null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, Restaurant Week Now thru September 3rd. Come feast on Kat Smith's amazing dishes!, null, Book Your Event at: events@blurestaurant.com, Blu has a new corporate catering menu available, please contact the Catering and Events Manager today to get 15% off your first order, please email: events@bluresturant.com, null, Blu Restaurant was proud to host Trion Worlds "Rift", null, null, null, Try Our Ingredient of the Month-February is Quinoa. Recipes created by the Sports Club LA Registered Nutritionist Nina DiBona and the Culinary Team of Blu, null, null, 2011 Valentine's day Menu, check our website:www.blurestaurant.com, Get Ready Howie Carr on WRKO Radio Station! We're going to Serve you some YUMMY FOOD this afternoon! Everyone tune in and listen to Howie's Review!!!, Check out our new ad in the Improper Bostonian! We're booking for holiday parties and corporate events!, Theater Season is Upon Us! We're taking reservations for pre and post theater times!, Tomorrow is the last Day for Restaurant Week....Thank you for another Successful Two Weeks!!, BOOKING FOR HOLIDAY PARTIES! CONTACT ALEEN FOR MORE INFORMATION..., BLU IS GOING TO START DOING CATERING SOON- WE'LL DELIVER TO YOUR OFFICE! CALL FOR MORE DETAILS..., Today Starts Restaurant Week at Blu! Still booking reservations!, Baku Sunset Event July 31st, Rooftop Deck! 7-10pm, Blu 10-2am, Ready for some exciting EVENTS @ BLU this Summer! Save the Date July 31st for our next social event!, Now back on Bostonchefs.com!, Event @ Blu! Boston International Film Festival Opening, Come to the Best Pre-Theatre Restaurant in Downtown! 

Steps away from All Theatre Shows   Reservations 617-375-8550 or online at http:www.blurestaurant.com, Book Your Reservations Now for RESTAURANT WEEK 2010:  617.375.8550 http://www.blurestaurant.com, Photos By Octavian Boca, Gearing Up for Restaurant Week 2010!, Sneak Peak Restaurant Week Menus 2010!

http://blurestaurant.com/files/Restaurant-Week-DINNER-2010.pdf, null, null, null, NEW MENUS COMING OUT WEDNESDAY OCTOBER 14th!, New Youtube of blu! Watch for the new menu coming out in October! Dining room renovations in place...

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qLfM0XBeF38, New menus coming out October 6th! can't wait...., Video Tour of Blu from VR Nationals Zagat!, To Make A Reservation, Go to the Boxes Tab, or call 617-375-8550. Thank you!, For Reservations, Please Call 617-375-8550 or online at www.blurestaurant.com)