List(We had a really wonderful time doing a bridal shower brunch event this afternoon. What a great way to brighten up the rainy day... Now we are reopen to the public for a regularly scheduled dinner service (and late night, of course!!). See you soon!, Moonshine will be closed for a private event today UNTIL 5pm, but we'll be back with our RON SWANSON brunch tomorrow. We look forward to seeing you tonight!!! Sorry for any inconvenience!, Thank you to NESN's Dining Playbook for featuring us on their list of best places to hit up for late night!! We wouldn't be Moonshine without it, so check out the beautiful video shots of the food, and get here for some great eats and cocktails. The fun really starts when the sun goes down..., New month, new #burger !! 
Introducing "The KK". Named after one of our favorite regulars and pillars of the restaurant community, it is slathered in her favorite Green Goddess Dressing, with Shredded Carrot-Cabbage Slaw, on a Soft Potato Roll.  This is no April Fools., Avant-garde apron challenge. Late night is fun., Don't miss your chance for 1/2 off #Oysters here at Moonshine. Enjoy 1/2 off oysters all day, everyday for just a limited time longer. Tonight's oysters are Pangea Shellfish Company Katama Bay Oysters from Martha's Vineyard. They are extremely plump, pleasantly briny and have a smooth finish. Served with house classic cocktail sauce & chili cucumber mignonette. Have Ty make you a Farm To Glass cocktail with GrandTen Distilling Firepuncher Vodka. You'll be glad you did!, Braised Rabbit and Grits with Baby Carrots, Pistachios, Madeira, and Green Chili Grits... Available as long as they last, happy Easter everyone!! 
 #easterspecial #BRUNCH, Spoiler Alert. Our Moonshine Easter tradition will be in full effect tomorrow!! Brunch and dinner... Hiphop over., Brunch, baby!! Ron Swanson Brunch Special today and tomorrow... "Why is everyone else so bad at eating?" 
Mile-high Open-Faced Reuben Casserole with Sourdough Stuffing and Swiss Cheese, It's the perfect night for Riona Ward and her favorite Irish Curry!! We also have a Whole Sea Bass Special, Crab and Spinach Dip, and everyone's favorite Farm to Face-- I mean, Glass. Go, weekend, go!!, We have a seafood lover's answer to how to warm up tonight!! This weekend's special: Baked Crab and Spinach Dip with Tobiko, Wonton Crisps, and Honeyed Ginger, No cover today!! HAPPY ST. PATRICK'S DAY!! 
We told you we'd have a leprechaun., Our little green kitchen crew., It's Party Time!! We've got all the Booze and all the Food to fuel your parade day shenanigans! Parade starts at 1pm so get here early to avoid the lines! Did we mention we have a leprechaun!?!, It's parade day!!! Irish Banger English Muffin Pizza with Basil Pesto and Spicy Tomato Sauce, Spoiler Alert!! A sneak peek at tomorrow's Parade Day bombdiggity corned beef sandwiches... You're not going to want to miss these. #Stpatricksday, Ron Swanson #brunch special today!! In case you missed our wildly popular corned beef special on St. Patrick's Day, we have your fix! Corned beef hash with scallion mashed potatoes, grilled tomato, and a fried egg.  Marc Carneiro and Nikki are here, so come and fuel up for tomorrow!!, We have been looking forward to this all month!! Corned Beef with Scallion Green Mashed Potatoes, Grilled Tomato, and Melted Cabbage. Available all night tonight. We also have Peter Cipriani,Marc, and Curry Fries. Boom., One of the best times of the year to be in Southie!! Don't forget that the actual St. Patrick's Day is tomorrow... We'll have Corned Beef Boiled Dinner and Curry Fry specials all night long. 
That'll just get us warmed up for all of our plans for Sunday's parade--so either way, we hope to see you soon!, We have these babies and the fantastical Kevin White and Peter Cipriani tonight. What could be better for humpday?! 
Lemon Cheesecake #jelloshot with Vanilla Vodka, Graham Cracker Crust, and Chantilly, When the chef's boyfriend is gluten and lactose intolerant, you know it's a restaurant that goes out if it's way to help out anyone with food allergies.  Can't promise everything will come in the shape of a heart, but we'll do our best. ;), #MondayFunday We've got our Dirty Fried Rice available all night, Mixed Berry Margarita Jello Shots & Ty and Lyssa on the floor to bring you all the things you need! Come say Hi, Everyone's favorite #brunch pick-me-up!! Cinnamon French Toast Sticks with Berry Maple Butter Dipping Sauce, When almost every table gets a Swanson Special and a Crab Eggs Benedict, you know it's a great brunch!! Two hours left..., What a beautiful morning!! Our Ron Swanson #BRUNCH Special today and tomorrow!! Brunch Enchiladas with Chipotle Braised Carnitas, Melted Pepperjack, Adobo-Tomato Sauce, and a Fried Egg, null, Moonshine 152 is so thrilled to be named one of South Boston's hottest restaurants!!! We love our neighborhood, and ask the other great restaurants on this list. Thank you so much, Zagat... and the secret is out! Everyone's favorite leprechauns will be back for this year's St. Patty Day Parade festivities, so plan accordingly.  :), The people have spoken, and it is certainly a Mushroom Tofu Burger Tuesday!! 
Don't fight it... Come on in and get your fix. We are serving them all the way until 1:30am, per usual., Where To Eat (& Drink!!) does a great feature on our favorite Bar Manager, Jesse Dupuis.  Thanks for a great read!!, null, Monday blues got you down? Well, Lyssa and Tyler are here & we've got 1/2 Off Pangea Shellfish Company Oysters to cheer you up! And if that doesn't help, maybe a few of our $8 Classic Templeton Rye Manhattans will surely do the trick!, Berry Margarita Jello Shots. Because every night at Moonshine is Industry Night., It's Sunday, and you know what that means!! We've got all your brunch favorites, and this Ron Swanson is not for the faint of heart.  
Our newest interpretation of the Meat Tornado: Barbecue Beef Brisket Hash with Jalapeño Bacon, Pork Stuffing, and Bourbon Demiglace, Whole Fish, and Spring Rolls, and Rodeo Burgers, oh my!!, Come and pair your Swanson Brunch Special with our Smoky Lagavulin Bloody Mary. It's bomb., Ron Swanson #BRUNCH Special all weekend!! Barbecue Beef Brisket Hash with Jalapeño Bacon, Pork Stuffing, and Bourbon Demiglace.  It's the return of the Meat Tornado!! 
Amanda has a special "Arnold POMer" iced tea special with pomegranate, and it's a gorgeous winter day. See you all soon!, This weekend's special: Whole Roasted Bronzino with Sage-Almond Brown Butter, Clementines, and Watercress, Back by popular demand!! Our Pork and Shrimp Spring Rolls with Hoisin, Blistered Shishito Peppers, and Homemade Duck Sauce, (This is obviously not Kevin's first) RODEO BURGER. 
 #burger #southboston #Boston #marchmadness, It's #March and that means we have a new burger of the month!  Now featuring "Not Kevin's First Rodeo Burger" with Smokey Barbecue Sauce, Sharp Cheddar, Crispy Fried Onions, and a Potato Roll.
Come on in, so he can tell you all about the name. ;), Happy Leap Day from Moonshine!! We're celebrating today with this little throwback diddy sent from Chef Asia's mom, 10% off entrees the whole night, and Tyler Moore on the bar. 
If you ask really nicely, he'll probably jump for you, too., It's a beautful day out there so get up, get dressed & come see us for #Brunch! This weekend's #RonSwansonBrunch special is not to be missed. DIY Steak, Bacon & Sausage Brunch Fajitas w. all the fixins! Brunch served until 3pm today!, Ooh, no we didn't!! Ron Swanson #BRUNCH Special all weekend: Steak, Sausage, and Bacon Brunch Fajitas with all the fixin's.
Amanda Rae's got a Honey Citrus Green Iced Tea special that'll cure what ails ya. Now get here!, This weekend's special: Lobster and Tomato Bisque with Fresh Basil and Sherry #lobstah #comfortfood, "Walnut Roca" Graham Toffee Bark with Creme Fraiche Ice Cream #dessert #southboston, Sometimes when you're solo closing a late night kitchen, there's nothing better than getting your bake-on. #sneakpeek #saltysweet, Rainy days are here again... #spoileralert --our remedy--The bisque is back, baby!! All weekend long..., A BIG thank you to everyone who made it out last night to celebrate our 1st Birthday-Anniversary Bash! It was such a great time and we couldn't have been happier to celebrate with you all. 

Here are some of our favorite new #MeatlessMonday  options from our new winter menu. Start off with a Warm Kale Pomegrante Salad w. creamy sesame sauce & housemade sunflower seed "Wheat Thin" crackers or Riona's Favorite Irish Curry w. toasted brown rice & orzo pilaf. Both will make you feel good inside and outside! Come say Hi to Tyler on the bar tonight. He'd love to hear how your weekend was!!, Why not try something different for #Brunch today?! We're featuring a "#RonSwansonApproved" Smoky Bloody Mary w. Lagavulin 16. So smoky and rich. It pairs perfectly with our Biscuit Topped Guinness Beef Casserole Pie Brunch Special w. sharp cheddar cheese, red-eye gravy & spiced homefries. Brunch from 11a-3p every weekend! #BeDifferent, It's almost party time!! Testing out our first birthday celebration #jelloshot action.. We think they're ready for tomorrow night.  "Strawberry Shortcake" with Toasted Almond Crunchies, Vanilla, and Gin, #RonSwanson #BRUNCH Special this weekend!! "If it doesn't have meat, it's a snack." 
Biscuit-Topped Guinness, Beef, and Cheddar Brunch Pie with Red-eye Gravy and Homefries, Pastry chef, Amanda Rae is getting ready for our very first Moonshine birthday celebration on Sunday night!! You won't want to miss this., In honor of #NationalWineDay we have a great bottle on special tonight: 2009 Rotie Cellars Southern Blend from Walla Walla WA. Priced tonight at $50. This is an  easy-drinking red wine that has bright acidity,raspberry fruit & fresh flowers notes. Medium bodied and well balanced on the palate makes this a perfect wine for a cold evening like tonight. 

We've got Marc and Peter on the bar tonight, which also pairs perfectly on a cold night like tonight!, null, What would Valentine's day be without some lobster risotto?  Lobster risotto with mascarpone, rainbow baby carrots, and micro-arugula, "Chocolate Covered Strawberry" Jello Shots with Chocolate Covered Poprocks and Strawberry-Vodka Gelatin, Valentine's Weekend Special: Classic Steak Tartare with Truffled Mushroom Duxelle, Beet Chips, and Crostini, Valentine's day weekend special: Walnut Fudge Brownie with Creme Fraiche Ice Cream and Muscat d'asti Marinated Raspberries, Love is in the air...One of our Valentine's Day specials, available all weekend! Warm baked brie and smoked gouda fondue with candied nuts and savory french toast dipping sticks, Ron Swanson #BRUNCH Special today and tomorrow!! "Any pizza is a personal pizza if you try hard and believe in yourself."
Personal English Muffin Breakfast Pizza with Garlic Bread Stuffing, It's Friday!! Perfect night for our new cure for a snowy day: Sauteed Spicy Italian Sausage with Garlicky Broccoli Rabe, Creamy Baked Polenta, and Pickled Cherries.
Come in, warm up, and let Jesse Dupuis and Marc Carneiro tell you all about it over an adult hot chocolate., It's the handsome show in the front tonight, and you know you need to come try our new menu before the snow comes out to play!, NEW MENU!! New fun. :)
Pineapple-Upside Down Cake with Toasted Coconut and Homemade Cherry Drizzle, It's the beginning of the month, so you know what that means!! New #Burger of the Month: the All-American, with special sauce, American cheese, shredded lettuce and onion, and homemade B&B pickles, Can you believe February begins tomorrow??!! 2016 is off to a real great start! Come enjoy our crowd-favorite "Mac 'n Cheese" Burger of the Month one last time! Go all out and top it with jalapeno bacon!

Tomorrow we will be debuting February's new Burger of the Month. Until then... it's a suprise!!  #MacandCheese #StayTuned #Burgers #Boston #February, We can't let the Swanson get all the glory.  One of our absolute #BRUNCH favorites!! Corned beef hash with poached eggs and toasted beer bread.  We cook the corned beef "boiled dinner"-style, with melted cabbage and potatoes. #foodporn #southboston, #RonSwanson #BRUNCH Special all weekend!! "If I wanted to bring a large portion of deviled eggs but I didn't want to share them with anyone else, can you guarantee fridge space?"
Truffled Deviled Egg Salad with Bacon Wrapped Stuffing and Spanish Chorizo, Orange Creamsicle Vodka Jello-shots...  #jelloshot #cocktails #southboston #funstuff, #Newmenu Tasting!! So the new winter fun rolls out Thursday night...woop woop!! Come and see us--we'd love to practice on you., Start the week off right with #MeatlessMonday! Try our award-winning Mushroom Tofu Burger with sharp cheddar cheese, house-made aioli & LTO. May I suggest adding a side of roasted Brussels Sprouts in lieu of shoestring fries.

Or screw it and go all out with our Burger of the Month topped with sharp cheddar Mac n' Cheese. Of course you should add the #jalapenobacon to that. No brainer!, What a game!! Great season for our New England Patriots.. Better luck next year! We've got  Dirty Fried Rice, 1/2 priced Oysters & Warm Double Chocolate Bread Pudding to cheer you up! Jesse's behind the bar  for all the liquid replenshment you need!, Tonight, we have Turkey Tetrazzini... Just as guaranteed to steal your man-- or at least, warm your soul. We have Chef Asia, Amanda Rae, and Jesse Dupuis tonight. #anygivensunday, Today's Ron Swanson Brunch Special pairs perfectly with a football game.  Pepperoni Queso Fundido with 3 melted cheeses, pepperoni, chorizo, grilled scallions, and savory french toast sticks. Jared knows how to do it., This weekend certainly calls for some good, hot, comfort food.  Weekend special:
Turkey Tetrazzini with Buttered Orzo, Shiitake Mushrooms, Herbed Breadcrumbs, and "Pot-Pie" Gravy.
Mulled wine, adult hot chocolate... Plan accordingly., #RonSwanson #BRUNCH Special all weekend!! Pepperoni Queso Fundido with 3 melted cheeses, pepperoni, chorizo, grilled scallions, and savory french toast sticks
It's not blizzarding, so you've lost your excuse to not put your face in this., A cold weekend calls for classic comfort special like this: Traditional French Onion Soup with Homemade Crispy Gruyere Cheesesticks and Truffle Oil #Boston #newmenu #foodporn #comfortfood, Don't forget about our Winter Oyster Special... 1/2 priced Pangea Shellfish Company Oysters all day, all night, all winter long! They pair nicely with our $8 Classic Manhattans w. Templeton Rye or our staff-favorite "Farm to Glass" cocktail w. GrandTen Distilling Firepuncher Vodka & fresh cucumber juice., We'd like to thank Thrillist.com for a wonderful feature including our chef/owner, Asia Mei, naming her as one of the nation's leading millennial chefs!! 
Read up on this wonderful group of inspired chefs, get excited, pass the word along, and come in to Moonshine to experience everything yourselves. :), Exciting things are happening... #newmenu testing #dessert #drooling, It's a real cold one out there tonight. Stop by and warm up with tonight's warm cocktail selections. Tyler's here to make all the Warm Mulled Wine w. orange-cherry liquer & tons of spices or our Adult Boozy Hot Chocolate's w. Fernet Branca MenthaBranca & chantilly cream you need. If that doesn't do it Mama Mei's Pork Noodle Soup or Dirty Fried Rice will. We  guarantee it!!, You know it takes a helluva fried rice to stand up to our Dirty Late Night version. Come in for brunch and get this weekend's Ron Swanson: 3 Bacons and Eggs Kimchi Fried Rice!! 
Pairs perfectly with our Kimchi Spiced Bigass Bloody Mary's or Amanda Rae 's Iced Chai Tea Special, Nothing pairs with a football game like Caramel Apple Jelloshots!! #gethere #Patriotnation #NewEngland, Just a small sample of all the brunch specials we are keeping available this afternoon for the #football game!! You can get all our usual burger awesomeness, the Ron Swanson kimchi fried rice, our famous buttermilk fried chicken wings, and tatertot poutine!!
Come and watch with Jesse Dupuis and Lyssa FullyFocused Karen #patriots #southboston, Today's #RonSwanson #BRUNCH Special was designed to get you out of bed and into Moonshine. We're pulling out the big guns with "All of The Eggs and Bacon" KIMCHI FRIED RICE!! It has 3 types of bacon, 2 types of eggs, and everything you need for today's #football game. Available until dinner starts at 5:30 for all your football viewing pleasure., Exciting things are happening... I'd start making my way over to visit Jesse and Marc pronto!!, Tonight's special at Moonshine: Miso-sake glazed haddock with ginger sugarsnap peas and furikake-tempura crisps, It's the Marc Carneiro and Peter Cipriani show, and you know half-way through the month means you only have two weeks left for this amazing burger!! Pictured here with our famous jalapeño bacon... #macandcheese #burger #challah bun, Thank you to Boston's Hidden Restaurants for featuring one of our favorite apps, the edamame hummus!! We serve it with our homemade pickles and crispy papadums.  So happy they enjoyed it!, Start your week off right with our Winter Oyster Special- 1/2 off shucked Pangea Shellfish Company Oysters all winter long- & Dirty Fried Rice, which is available all night! We've got Tyler behind the bar making all the $8 Templeton Rye Classic Manhattans & Fernet Branca Mint Hot Chocolates to keep you warm on this chilly winter night! See you soon!                     #Boston #Southie #mondayfunday, Nothing clears up a rainy day like Ron Swanson Huevos Rancheros.  Amanda's iced chai tea special and a side of our awesome corned beef hash is worth getting off your couch, we promise!, It's the perfect night for some Jalapeño-Crab Rangoons, Buttermilk Fried Chicken, or our Pan-seared Trout Special...Come say hi to Jesse and Marc for an adult hot chocolate, and don't forget, 1/2 off oysters for the rest of winter!!!, As seen on @phantomgourmet , #RonSwanson #BRUNCH is on!! Today and tomorrow, Huevos Rancheros with Avocado, Green Chilis, Black Beans, All the Salsas, Both Tortillas, Jalapeno Bacon, Melted Cheese, and Sour Cream! #huevosrancheros #boston #southboston, What a great way to start the year!! Please share with your friends who may not know about us, and come let us show you why we are able to play amongst such stellar company.  
Congratulations to the Moonshine crew, and thank you @BostonGlobe!!, It's finally the weekend!!  Tonight's special at Moonshine: Pan-seared trout with creamy brandade, lobster sauce, and edamame #healthy #cleaneating #seafood, In case your haven't heard, we are in the middle of our winter oyster extravaganza special!! All winter, oysters are 1/2 price, all the time. What better excuse to tag a few--or a few dozen--on to your dinner or cocktail order? #oysters #Boston #southboston #winter #special, In case you missed it! #TBT Phantom Gourmet
http://www.phantomgourmet.com/restaurant/ma-south-boston-moonshine-152, Just an example of our server Nikki's New Year resolution inspired dinner: our char-siu roasted chicken with sauteed zucchini noodles and veggies. 
We love cooking healthy for her, and we can do it for you too!! Come and challenge us. #gameon #goals, Peter Cipriani, tonight's spicy tomato soup and English muffin pizza special... Not a bad way to humpday., Don't forget! Our food pairs perfect with couch/tv nights.  You can get tonight's special, a pork noodle soup, or anything else off of our dinner menu. Not a bad way to get through such a cold night..., It's our favorite handsome boy duo on the floor tonight, and back by popular demand is the spicy tomato soup  and homemade English muffin pizza. Come celebrate Jesse's Friday with us., At Moonshine, a "case of the Monday's" means something completely different. Tonight's cold Monday inspired special: Spicy Tomato Soup with White Homemade English Muffin Pizza, Crispy Basil
Jesse Dupuis, Amanda Rae, Lyssa, and Chef Asia are all here, so put your best coat on and come warm up., Brrrrr... It's getting cold out there. Stop in and warm your belly with Mama Mei's Pork Noodle Soup. Packed with oversized pork lionshead noodles, napa cabbage, shiitake mushrooms, glass noodles (which happen to be #glutenfree) & a luscious, aromatic broth. It'll warm you right up!, My amazing brunch team is back this afternoon and ready to go for one last Disco Brunch!! Nothing goes with a Patriots football game like having "that third steak, after all".
Ron Swanson: "Steak and Eggs" with 3 skirt steak medallions, fried eggs, grilled beer bread, and good luck blackeye pea Hoppin' John, To help ring in the new year and warm you through and through, we announce this month's Burger of the Month! 
"Mac and Cheese" Burger with White Cheddar Bechamel and Spiral Macaroni, #RonSwanson #BRUNCH Special for #NewYears Weekend!! "Steak and Eggs" with 3 skirt steak medallions, fried eggs, grilled beer bread, and good luck blackeye pea Hoppin' John.. We are open today for brunch!! Come get your Bloody Mary on., Our 70's Disco inspired specials list for this weekend at Moonshine!!  Happy new year, everyone!!, The bar is open for walk-ins tonight, and we'll be going all night with our regular fun menu and all these New Year's specials!! 
Disco disco disco!!, Getting ready for the new year Studio 152 Disco Party!! #Boston #jelloshots  #NewYearsEve, I love making manager's meal for my favorite people. It's important to take care of the ones you love. 
Amanda Rae's tonight: BLT with pork rib meat, pecanwood bacon, spinach, dressed tomatoes
Jesse Dupuis's: "Ribs and Rice", This weekend's #RonSwansonBrunch Special is based off of a conversation between Leslie & Ron. 
RON: “Thank you all for being here. Let’s get started."               
LESLIE: “Wow, great attitude Ron.” 
RON: “Sorry, I was talking to these ribs.”
See the clip here:
https://youtu.be/CAIN1IZEthY
Brunch served til 3pm every Sat & Sun!, It's a beautiful day for a Ron Swanson #BRUNCH Special: Ribs n' Eggs!!  Barbecue Pork Ribs with Fried Eggs and Classic Sourdough Stuffing
Ron: "Thank you all for being here."
Leslie: "Wow, great attitude, Ron."
Ron: "Sorry, I was talking to these ribs.", Tonight's warm cocktail special: Housemade Hot Chocolate with #Fernet Branca Menta and Chantilly Cream., null, When your favorite neighbors ask for a "tater-tot lasagna" for a staff party, you say YES!!! @socialwines #awesome #happyholidays, December's #BurgeroftheMonth: New-Mexican-Style Green Chili Burger with melted pepperjack cheese, green chili sauce, crispy tortilla strips & a dollup of sour cream. Kick it up a notch by adding some jalapeno bacon. You'll be glad you did! Kitchen serving until 1:30am!, It's never too early to think about dinner! Don't Forget- Sunday Monday nights we offer the Dirty Fried Rice ALL NIGHT LONG! Chinese Sausage, Scrambled Egg, Fresh Ginger & Scallion, Chopped Duck Liver and just a hint of Soy Sauce., Let's go New England Patriots!! Game on with sound at 1pm. Big #BloodyMarys & even bigger #RonSwansonBrunch Big @** 'Meat Tornado' Quesadillas! Give us a call we'll hold a table for you!, #RonSwanson #BRUNCH Special: The Meat Tornado is back!! A Bigass Brunch Quesadilla with Pulled Pork, Pepperjack, Chopped Bacon, Sausage, and All the Sauces. This is all you'll need this weekend., It's a pork noodle soup kind of night for sure, and we've got a special bar snack! #Narragansett Beer Batter Tempura Squash with Prosciutto, Crispy Sage, and Pomegranate-Citrus Aioli, Homemade Eggnog with Freshly Grated Nutmeg, Cinnamon, and Rum... Come and get it, before the staff drinks it all!! :), Not really feeling leaving the house? That's OK. You can still have your Moonshine favorites delivered right to your house. Find us on Caviar, Foodler & DoorDash for quick delivery!

When ordering with Caviar use promo code: BOSTONNEW5 to  get $5 off any order of $25 or more now until Wed 12/16!  

http://trycvr.co/CAVIARmoonshine, Start the week off right with #MeatlessMonday Come try our Warm Kale Caesar Salad w. shaved pecorino cheese, honeycrisp apples & salt 'n pepper walnuts or Heirloom Quinoa and Marcona Almond Salad w. balsamic roasted radicchio, blue cheese & cranberries. You should probably treat yourself to a $8 Classic Manahttan while you're at it!!, Game's on with sound- Come on down.. We've got dirty fried rice all night, buttermilk fried chicken wings and skirt steak nachos. Perfect game day snacks. $4 Miller High Life drafts & Narragansett Beer tallboys to wash it all down. Go New England Patriots!!, Tonight's #chanukkah special: Crispy Fried Duck Livers with potato-onion kugel, celery slaw & whole grain mustard. Come celebrate the last evening of the Festival of Lights with us., #RonSwanson #BRUNCH Special all weekend! "Brisket and Eggs" with Braised Brisket, Fried Eggs, Sauteed Honeycrisp Apples, PanGravy, and Hashbrown Kugel, Tonight's #Channukah Special: Red Wine Braised Beef Brisket with Roasted Carrots, Horseradish-Beet Rillette, Shoestring Fries, and Pan Jus Gravy., Because we love tattoos., Spoiler alert: We will have brisket this weekend!! It's pretty exciting. Plan accordingly. #channukah  #brisket, If you haven't heard yet Moonshine 152 is now delivering via Caviar. Use promo code BOSTONNEW5 to get $5 off any order of $25 or more now until next Wed 12/16. 

http://trycvr.co/CAVIARmoonshine, Tonight's #channukah special: Hot Smoked Salmon with Crispy Potato Pancakes, Horseradish Creme, and Radishes, Happy Holidays Everyone! Moonshine 152 will be closed this evening until 1030p for a private event. We look forward to seeing you for Late Night tonight! Sorry for any inconvenience!, Happy #channukah from the  Moonshine crew!! Tonight's special: Slow Roasted Beef with Horseradish Creme, Sauteed Beets, Rosemary Jus, and Potato-Onion Latkes, In order to help us kick off the week of #channukah , we made fresh Apple Cider Glazed Doughnuts!! Come and get 'em, while they last.
Also, this weekend's Swanson is already a new favorite..., #RonSwanson #BRUNCH Special: Slow-Roasted Beef Freedom Dip, served Au Jus with Bacon, Horseradish Creme, and a Fried Egg. Boom!
#foodporn #limitedsupply, This season's Moonshine cocktail: Vanilla Pear Infused Moonshine... You get a homemade pear roll-up if you're lucky ;), Marc and Jesse are here all night to tell you about this little winner...
December's Burger of the Month: Green Chili Burger, New Mexican Style, with Crispy Tortillas, Pepperjack, and Sour Cream, It's almost time for a #midnightsnack! Buttermilk Fried Chicken Wings & Throwback Korean BBQ Taco are Staff Favorites- What are yours?!, Sneak peek into this weekend's Ron Swanson Brunch Special!! Perfectly cooked slow roasted beef... Get excited., Tonight's specials are smoked meatloaf,  Mel's birthday celebration, and the football game, of course!
Smoked meatloaf with tempura topped local fairytale pumpkin, scallion mashed potatoes, and house barbeque sauce, We are now available on Caviar for delivery!! It's definitely a Pork Noodle Soup kind of night... Whether you can make it in to hang with us or you need to call it a couch night.

http://trycvr.co/CAVIARmoonshine, So excited about all our rotating warm cocktail specials this month!! Featured here and all this week: Hot Salted Caramel Apple Cider with Papa's Pilar Rum. Peter Cipriani will be serving these babies all night--come clear away your rainy day blues!!, We're looking to #SpiceThingsUp this month with December's Burger of the Month- The Southwest Burger w. pepperjack cheese, green chilis, crispy tortilla strips & a dollup of sour cream. As always, our burgers are served with either house-cut shoestring french fries or a local green salad. I'd say you should definitely add the #jalapenobacon to this one, It's the Sunday Asia and Jesse show, with everyone's favorite Kevin White and football specials!! 
"Fish n' Chips" with #Narragansett Beer Batter, Spicy Mayo, and Homemade B&B Pickles 
Pan-Seared Polenta with Crispy Kale, Roasted Prosciutto, Spicy Tomato Sauce, and Cotija Cheese, Moonshine 152 is an independently owned & operated small business in South Boston. Today's the day to get out and support the small businesses in your neighborhood. We support our fellow #Southie neighbors at  Social Wines Covet, Cafe Arpeggio, Neatly Nested Design and Decor , Doughboy Donuts and Deli & Dew Luxe to name a few.This #SmallBizSat, Shop Small for the things you love and the place you call home. When you Shop Small on Nov 28, you #ShopSmall For All. 

We'll be offering some of our favoirte items 1/2 today in support of Small Business Saturday: 1/2 off oysters on the half shell, desserts & buttermilk fried chicken wings (dinner menu only). Now accepting reservations for both Brunch & Dinner, #RonSwanson #BRUNCH BUFFET!!! All weekend at Moonshine, choose any 4 sides. Here's an example of Chef Asia's  plate... Inspired by the quote: "Strippers do nothing for me, but I will take a free breakfast buffet, anytime, anyplace.", You don't need to go to the mall to get #blackfriday specials! Moonshine will be offering 1/2 off our famous Buttermilk Fried Chicken Wings, Oysters & all Desserts all night tonight as well as tomorrow for #smallbusinesssaturday! #shopsmall, So many thanks to all who joined us at last night's epic party!! 
Special at Moonshine all weekend: Red Wine Braised Oxtail Risotto with Local Blue Hubbard Squash and Sauteed Kale #oxtail #nomoreturkey
Come and tell Marc and Jesse Dupuis all about your Black Friday purchases., My line cook, Anna, asked me how she could do chocolate covered strawberries at home, so obviously I went a little crazy with the lesson.  Here, we have chocolate, coconut, and  pistachio covered strawberries, bacon, and candied ginger., Getting our pre-holiday game on at Moonshine!! Peter is on the bar to help you prepare for your family shenannigans, and we have plenty of last minute sides and desserts for you to bring home!! See you soon, Thanks to the @ImproperBostonian  for featuring Chef Asia's twist on sausage stuffing!! While she'd usually be working or doing a chill night at Chinatown on Thanksgiving, this recipe is a perfect example of what she cherishes most about traditional holiday dinners--stuffing and gravy.  
Featured: "Cornbread Stuffing with Chinese Sausage, Shiitake Mushrooms, and Caramelized Fennel"., Happy Monday!! We'll have the Pat's game on with sound starting at 830pm. #NFL gameday specials include 1/2 off oyster on the half shell and this weekends ever-so-popular #RonSwansonBrunch special - Turkey Leg #Poutine w. maple pickled cranberries, pecanwood smoked bacon & red-eye gravy. Let's go New England Patriots!!!, Sunday Funday means Dirty Fried Rice all night! Come enjoy one of our signature dishes that is typically only available after 10 pm. Chef Asia makes an exception every Sunday and Monday evening so this special is not to be missed!, Don't miss out on this stellar #RonSwansonBrunch special! Slow Roasted Turkey Leg Poutine with chopped pecanwood smoked bacon, red-eye gravy, maple pickled cranberries & a fried egg. It's what Ron Swanson would want you to eat! Happy Thanksgiving everyone!

Just a reminder- get your final orders in for Thanksgiving catering!! Chef Asia and her kitchen crew are prepping all the delicious sides for Thanksgiving dinner. Creamy Mashed Potatoes w. gravy, Roasted Brussels Sprouts w. jalapeno bacon, Blue Hubbard Squash Risotto & so much more!!, We're nearing the end of the month and that means a new burger of the month at Moonshine 152. We are looking for  your suggestions in creating our next burger special. Let us know what you'd like to see & if we choose yours there will be a special prize in it for you!! #moonshine152 #burgerspecial #december

Here's what we've had so far:, Food photoshoot with #Caviar Food Delivery. What a spread!! Don't forget, so many of these items--and more--are available from us for THANKSGIVING CATERING. It's just around the corner, so don't hesitate to give us a call!, #RonSwanson #BRUNCH Special today and tomorrow--inspired by #Nick_Offerman on what Ron's Thanksgiving would look like! 
"A large land fowl that he killed and prepped himself. Freedom Fries...A single malt scotch, followed by a cigar for dessert."
Slow Roasted Turkey-Freedom Fries Poutine with Chopped Bacon, Gravy, Maple Cranberries, and a Fried Egg 
#poutine, When Amanda asks for a pu-pu platter, she gets a pu-pu platter. #managersmeal #southie #industrylove, null, Don't show up to the biggest dinner of the year empty handed! Moonshine has you covered with ton's of delicious side dishes, veggies and dessert available for Thanksgiving catering. Give us a call or stop in and we'll tell you all about it!, Tonight's special at Moonshine: Basil Parmesan Arancini with Baby Arugula, Comte, and Porcini-Madeira Jus
Peter and Marc are here for your weekly football pleasure. See you soon!, Hooray!! In case you missed our big TV debut, look to this link to watch Moonshine's wonderful feature by Phantom Gourmet. We are thrilled to have such fun action shots in the kitchen, the buzz of the dining room and bar, an extensive background on Chef Asia, and the food that we take such pride in on display.  
Please take a moment to watch the 5 minute video, see all the funny familiar faces, and post/share to everyone who may not know about our little neighborhood spot., It's a good night to come in for some food, cocktails, and a free hug from these two.  #family #industrylove, It's a #burgerandfries kind of night. November's Burger of the Month is a Steakhouse Burger with housemade steak sauce, sauteed onions & white cheddar cheese. More in the mood for #meatlessmondays try our classic Mushroom Tofu Burger with housemade aioli, cheddar & LTO.Both served with housecut shoesting french fries. Dinner is served (until 1:30am every night!), Game's on with sound! Buttermilk Fried Chicken Wings, Dirty Fried Rice starting at 530p, $8 Classic Manhattans 

Give us a call, we'll save you a table!, Wild mushroom risotto with shaved Comte cheese, and aged Balsamic. Available all night! 
Jesse Dupuis has all of his perfect fall cocktails in order to match... Come and tell us all about your freaky Friday the 13th stories., We really like the Bloody Mary mix here. Jesse Dupuis uses our house #kimchi juice to spice it up. #brunch baby., #RonSwanson #BRUNCH Special this weekend: Bacon Wrapped Turkey Sausage Sandwich with Extra Sausage Gravy, Maple Pickled Cranberries, and Cornbread Stuffing... We're channeling our inner Thanksgiving Swanson!!, This weekend's special at Moonshine: Confit Duck Risotto with Slow Roasted Duck, Butternut Squash, Baby Arugula, and Radishes
Jesse and Marc are here for Friday night hijinks, and we have some new art up at the restaurant!, Biscuits and Gravy, Pork Noodle Soup, Jets vs Bills, and Peter Cipriani/Marc Carneiro vs. The Rain.
We have some new art to help pass the dreary night away, and as always, warm chocolate bread pudding., Tonight's rainy humpday weather calls for breakfast for dinner!! "Biscuits and Gravy" ...Scallion Biscuits and Garlic Sausage Gravy, available all night tonight and tomorrow!! 
Pairs perfectly with Peter Cipriani to get you through to the weekend. I promise this is worth getting off your couch., It's always a special moment when a respected chef in town acknowledges how much they love our restaurant.  Thank you, Juan Pedrosa and Thrillist.com!!! This amazing chef of the new glorious Yvonne's names our Korean Barbecue Shortrib Tacos as his favorite meal in Boston.  What an honor., Keep your #SundayFunday going. We'll have football on with sound, Dirty Fried Rice starting at 530p, $4 High Life & 'Gansetts and $8 Manhattans. Kitchen open til 130a & Bar til 2am., Wake up Patriots Nation Games on with sound today at 1pm. We've got some tasty football specials for you as well. Bacon Wrapped Scallops, Cheesy Truffled Tater Tots and everyone's favorite buttermilk fried chicken wings! Available starting at 1pm! #brunch #boston, In case you missed it we were just featured on Phantom Gourmet! Here's a run down of what you would have seen! http://bit.ly/1HASkIe Better yet.. Come see yourself! Brunch served this am from 11a-3p. Tater Tot Poutine, Crab Eggs Benedict, House made Corned Beef Hash, Big Bloody Mary's and some much more. Give us a call. We'll hold a table for you!, In order to streamline all of Chef Asia's adventures, food, and visual inspirations, we'll be switching up Moonshine 152's Instagram account to @ChefAsiaMei. We promise plenty of the same tasty updates, behind the scenes foolery, and some fun day-off hijinks, so please follow along!, #RonSwanson #BRUNCH Special all weekend: Roast Duck Hash with Grilled Sourdough Toast, Rosemary, and a Fried Duck Egg. 
This is one you're going to want to plan your gorgeous fall weekend around., Nothing like making a guy work on his birthday. Come and wish our bar manager, Jesse Dupuis, a very happy birthday and get your weekend started right!, #Football Snack Special-- Fried Lasagna Bites with Spicy Marinara and Fresh Basil.  Boom., Sausage Stuffed Peppers all weekend at Moonshine! Served with spinach, roasted squash, and maple candied pecans
Peter Cipriani and Marc are here to keep you hydrated with the football game on, and other snack specials!, The people have spoken, and its certainly a take-out sort of night!! We are very excited to announce that we've extended our delivery options to include #DoorDash, so that we can now deliver to even more locations!, Wednesday is the perfect night for our special pumpkin lasagna and a hangout with Peter Cipriani.  Come and celebrate Chef Asia not being in last place in yesterday's Eater competition. ;)
Thanks to all for their support!!, Many thanks to #BostonMagazine!! Their article highlights one of our cult favorites, the Buttermilk Fried Chicken Wings... If you haven't tried them yet, then how are you going to get addicted like everyone else?! Served with Poblano Ranch and Celery-Parsley Slaw..., Please take the time to vote for our chef, Asia Mei!  We are honored to even have her considered amongst such wonderfully talented company.  Today is the only day for voting..., #MeatlessMonday #NotaSalad Tamago w. blistered shishito peppers, warm & crispy sushi rice cakes, chilled Japanese-style omelet & candied ginger aioli. It's warm, it's cold, it's crunchy, it's soft, it's sweet, it's spicy. Most of all it's delicious! #boston #vegetarian, Don't Forget... Every Sunday and Monday night our Dirty Fried Rice is available starting at 5:30pm. No need to stay up until 10p to enjoy. Everyone's favorite rice is prepared with Chinese sausage, scrambled eggs, Chinese pickles, duck liver, scallions, ginger and just the right amount of soy sauce. Stop in tonight for an early dinner. You'll be glad you did!, New month New Burger here at Moonshine! November's #BurgeroftheMonth is a "Steakhouse Burger" w. house steak sauce, sautéed onions, white cheddar cheese, lettuce & tomato. It tastes even better when you add some #jalapenobacon to it! 
As always, our burgers are served with house-cut shoestring fries or a local greens salad., Our first apple bobbing champion!!!!!!, Ron Swanson brunch special today and tomorrow: "Monster Biscuits and Gravy" with scallion biscuits, garlic sausage gravy, scrambled eggs, cheddar, and homefries, Just a reminder to #Nick_Offerman that we have plenty of Lagavulin and a slough of #RonSwanson brunch specials ready for him now that he's in #Boston!! We make no promises that Chef Asia will be able to control herself, though. 
Thanks to #chalk_bos for the amazing artwork, Halloween weekend special: Pumpkin Cheese Lasagna with Crispy Sage, Roasted Tomato Bechamel, and 3 Cheeses.
We have Harpoon Pumpkin UFO, and it's a gorgeous night to come say hello!!, Thanks to Zagat for recommending Moonshine as one of the places to go for Halloween!! It's true; wear a costume, and we'll give you an eternal 10% off food VIP card! We'll also have spiked caramel apple cider and bobbing for apples.  It's gonna be a good time... Click on the link. It works, I swear., Come celebrate #Halloween2015 with us here at Moonshine! We'll be celebrating this Saturday all day starting with #RonSwansonBrunch from 11a-3p. It's our final patio brunch of the season. So bundle up & bring your furry friends to enjoy one final brunch on the patio! There will be hot caramel apple cider, festive pumpkin displays, bobbing for apples and tons o' candy for your enjoyment. The party continues into the evening hours with dinner specials & a costume contest at midnight! All costumed guests will receive a Moonshine 152 VIP card, good for 10% off all food purchases! See our event page for more details! https://www.facebook.com/events/399635563568263/, We have some great #football specials tonight to nourish your Pats game watching... Smoked Salt and Pepper Dolphin--I mean,  Shrimp with Crispy Rice Cakes and  Jalapeño-Ginger Sauce... Fried Olives with Blue Cheese Dressing, and Marc Carneiro and Peter Cipriani, S'mores chocolate chip cookies with Graham crumbles and homemade toasted marshmallow... Dessert special, as long as they last!!, It's the perfect night for a big bowl of Moonshine's Pork Noodle Soup!! Served with Chef Asia's mom's Lionshead meatballs, crystal clear mung bean noodles, and shiitake-napa cabbage broth. #slurp #noodles #comfortfood #foodporn #boston
We are also blessed with Peter Cipriani all night--pretty much the best way to spend a rainy night!!, We've got a stellar dessert special this evening! S'more Cookie Sandwiches w. graham cracker chocolate chip cookies and toasted housemade vanilla bean marshmallows. Come tell Kevin all about your Halloween Plans. I bet he'll tell you about his!! #Hallowenisin4days  #toastedmarshmallow #smores #fallfavorites, Typically only available after 10pm 7 days but now available all night every Sunday and Monday- Dirty Fried Rice w. Chinese sausage, scrambled egg, pickles & duck liver. It's big enough to share or to take leftovers home for work tomorrow! GM Amanda loves eating it for breakfast and thinks you will too! #breakfastofchampions  #bypopulardemand #moonshine152, We've got the patio open this evening for some last of the season al fresco dining. As always, it is pet friendly, so come on down for dinner and bring your furry friends! Nadia's dog says it's the best! Stay warm with our complementary fleece throws and $8 Classic Manhattans. #petfriendly #alfrescoboston #falldining, Wake Up Patriots Nation! Game's on with sound starting at 1pm. We've got all the makings for a #sundayfunday! Big Bloody Mary's, Crabs Egg Benedict, Cinnamon French Toast Sticks, Spicy Bacon Mac n Cheese Swanson Special and much much more! Football menu specials starting at 1pm!, Ron Swanson #BRUNCH special today and tomorrow!! "What's cholesterol?"... Lobster Mac 'n Cheese with Spicy Bacon, Ricotta Bechamel, and a Poached Egg, Friday means it's Jesse Dupuis and Marc Carneiro... Our Sahil 's seasonal sangria is working hard, and the new soup is creamy cauliflower soup with citrus-truffle oil and espelette. 
Also, come say hi to my new crochead., Running late from the office? Already in your PJ's? Watching football from the couch? Moonshine's new fall menu pairs perfectly with a nice cozy evening at home. Have all your favorites delivered to your door by Foodler. We'll even sweeten the deal by adding a complimentary dessert for all orders over $35! Delivering 7 nights a week until 11pm. 
http://www.foodler.com/moonshine-152/20185, Presenting our Jalapeño-Crab Rangoons!! Definitely a new fun favorite, served with spicy honey.
Pairs perfectly with tonight's football game and all of our football snack specials! We also have Chili Con Carne and Bacon Wrapped Stuffing Bites, as well as Peter Cipriani and Marc Carneiro for your usual Thursday viewing pleasure., Thanks for the great review Caught In Southie . It was a pleasure hosting you! Hope you can join us sometime soon for brunch. It's a whole new menu for you to try! #BestNeighbors #Southie

http://www.caughtinsouthie.com/restaurants-bar/review-moonshine-152, Everyone's favorite Char-Siu Chicken is back!! This time it's with steamed rice, ginger-jade sauce, and roasted Brussels sprouts... We tried our best to move on, but we just couldn't do without it any longer
It's also Chad Fox 's birthday party tonight at Moonshine, so come on in and join in the festivities!!, Gotta love when these sort of things just happen. Moonshine's got an all-female line tonight... Go, ladies, go!! Come and put them to the test.
(Don't mind Anna; she's just ready to kill Chef Asia for making her take a picture), We're coming to the end of fall patio dining here at Moonshine, with the final day being Oct. 31st. We've got fleeces throws to keep you warm Chef Asia's new fall menu is just perfect for sharing Have an $8 Classic Manhattan and it'll warm you right up! Give us a call or find us on Opentable. http://www.opentable.com/moonshine-152, By Popular Demand! Moonshine is now featuring everyone's favorite "Late Night Only" Dirty Fried Rice every Sunday and Monday night starting at 5:30p! No need to stay up late. Start your week off right! #MondayFunday #BostonEats #moonshine152
We've got Marc behind the bar playing around with a few things. Ask him for a Caribbean Sidecar and you won't be disappointed!, Ron Swanson #BRUNCH special today and tomorrow!  The Moonshine "McGriddle" with maple-dunked homemade English muffin, ham, two cheeses, scrambled eggs, and tater tots... Inspired by my love for Amanda Rae, and our mutual shameful love for McDonald's breakfast.
She's got a brown sugared apricot iced tea special. Now get out of bed and come say hi., We are so happy to be listed as one of the bartender recommended late night essentials in Boston!! Check out the article, and be sure to hit us up to come and try all the new fall late night menu items, **Breaking News**
We are SUPER psyched to announce that due to popular demand, we will be offering Chef Asia's Dirty Fried Rice every SUNDAY and MONDAY evening, beginning at 5:30p all the way through the night until1:30a. That's right! For all the daywalkers and early-risers who couldn't stay up to enjoy, there is finally an opportunity for you to jump in and gobble up the Phantom Gourmet 's favorite item.  All other nights will still be late night availability after 10pm.   #FriedRice #BostonBreakingNews #moonshine152, David Sardella approves of our new Cranberry Sorbet and Stella Cidre Float. So romantic!! Also available with my favorite Fever Tree ginger beer..., From our #newfallmenu Burrata and Beets w. roasted beets, bacon jam, fried sage and toasted sunflower seeds 
#foodporn  #bacon #burrata #Boston #Moonshine152, Menu Change Tonight! Kitchen opens at 530pm. Photos to follow! Be the first of your friends to check it out! #outwiththeold #inwiththenew #fallchanges #moonshine152, Chef Asia went to the pumpkin patch this morning, and we have $8 Classic Manhattans all Fall!!
It's the last day of the late dinner menu.... Come on in and help us make room for tomorrow's exciting changeup!!, It's always wonderful when people get the warm, neighborhood-focused vibe we are trying to put out there. It's even better when they love the place and food, even when they were unannounced bloggers/writers and new to the restaurant. Thanks to Boston Chic Party for a glowing review, and to my amazing staff who work so hard to make every experience as special as possible. You guys rock!!, It's a burger and fries kind of night. This month's Burger of the Month has Smoked Gouda Cheese, Crispy Maitake Mushrooms and Truffle Aioli. If you're feeling adventurous... go ahead and add some spicy Jalapeno Bacon to #SpiceItUp #moonshine152, It's #SmallBusinessSaturday ! What a beautiful day to go out & support the small, locally owned businesses in your neighborhood. May we suggest Brunch or Dinner here at Moonshine, then visit our good friends around the corner Social Wines, maybe followed by some shopping on West Broadway at  Wears + Wares, Covet or Neatly Nested Design and Decor. Give us a call @ 617.751.4191 and we'd be happy to hold a table for you! #SouthieStrong #WeLoveOurNeighbors #Moonshine152, This weekend's Ron Swanson #BRUNCH Special: Open-faced Croque MANsieur with Carved Ham, Baked Savory French Toast, Swiss Cheese, Red-eye Gravy, and Homemade B&B Pickles, null, It's never too early to make a plan! Saturday October 31st.
Come party all day & night at Moonshine's 1st Annual Halloween Party. There will be candy galore, a festive pumpkin display, spiked hot caramel apple cider, and a costume party at midnight! Costumes encouraged and everyone wearing a costume will receive a complimentary Moonshine VIP card, good for an eternal 10% discount on food. Per usual the kitchen will be blazing into the night serving all your fall favorites until 1:30am & full bar service until 2am. More details to follow! #Halloween2015 #HalloweeninSouthie #costumesencouraged #moonshine152, On today's specials list for your football viewing: Asian Barbecued Pulled Chicken Bao, with Steamed Buns, Carrot-Celery Slaw, Furikake, and Crispy Chicken Skin.
We have the patio open for the beautiful fall weather, blankets for when the sun goes down, and the same 50% off oyster specials!!, That, my friends, is a LOT of crispy chicken skin.  For what? For tomorrow's steamed bun (bao) special.  Available for the football game tomorrow at Moonshine 152, plan accordingly., Nothing to get you through a humpday like Peter Cipriani, the Ward sisters, and some pretty bomb lobstah bisque. 
We're getting ready for a menu change next week, so come on in and get your fill of your favorites before we switch it all up!!, #tacotuesday #moonshine152 #Southie
Throwback Korean BBQ Tacos w. boneless beef short rib, Asian pear kimchi, candied ginger aioli and sriracha sauce. Available until 130a every night., It's after 10pm so you know what that mean... Dirty Fried Rice is available at Moonshine. Chef Asia's fried rice is cooked to perfection with chinese sausage, scrambled eggs, pickles, duck liver, scallions and a bit of soy sauce. It's the bomb! #friedrice #westcoaststyle #lateniteBOS, Really starting to feel like fall out there! Let us warm you up with our warm soup special this evening.  Lobster Bisque with grilled corn, roasted tomatoes & shellfish broth. Peter is behind the bar tonight for a rare Monday evening  appearance. Come say Hi! We'd love to see you! #lobster #falleats #moonshine152, Long night? Just waking up? That's ok. Still serving brunch here at Moonshine until 3pm. We've got BIG Bloody Mary's, yummy Crab Eggs Benedict and a killer Swanson special- the Breakfast MANwich! Get outta bed and get here! #BrunchTime #Southie #moonshine152

Also we've got some in between football specials this afternoon as well; Truffle Cheese Fries, Bacon Wrapped Stuffing Bites and everyone's favorite Buttermilk Fried Chicken Wings!, Moonshine 152 is on #PhantomGourmet tonight at 11pm on WBZ, channel 4!!
 You can see some great Moonshine food/bar shots, a good amount of action behind the hot-line, and you can make fun of Chef Asia on camera.
We also made more of last night's hit special noodle soup... And we'll be viewing the episode in the restaurant!! It's better live in person, so see you soon..., Ron Swanson #BRUNCH special: Big Breakfast MANwich with homemade English muffin, scrambled eggs, cheddar cheese, bacon, gravy, and avocado
Amanda Rae and Fiona Ward are here, and we can't wait to serve up all those brunch goodies featured on #phantomgourmet today!!, We are so excited to be on Phantom Gourmet this week!! Catch us all weekend, or come watch on Saturday night at 11pm at the restaurant.
This really means a lot to us.  Thanks #Phantomgourmet!!, Now this is a special for a rainy, cold night. We have soup noodles with Pork Lionshead Meatballs, Napa Cabbage, Glass Noodles, and Shiitake Mushroom Broth. 
#soupnoodles #coldweathercomfortfood, It's crazy to think that it's already October 1st! This year is certainly flying by. New month means new burger here at Moonshine. Octobers #burgerofthemonth has Smoked Gouda Cheese, Truffle Aioli & Crispy Maitake Mushrooms. 

Also tonight a few football additions to go with the Raven vs. Steelers game tonight (8:25p) Everyone's favorite Bacon Wrapped Stuffing Bites are back as well as Guacamole & Pico de Gallo with House Tortilla Chips!, We had a wonderful time hosting the Bulleit Woody dinner last night. Gorgeous patio weather, the opportunity to use their whiskey and bourbon in our food, and a helluva fun industry crowd. Thanks to all who came, it was a pleasure!!, Thanks to the Improper Bostonian for a huge shout out for our late night Dirty Fried Rice!! "Night Shift" is a great article documenting where chefs go for their favorite comfort late night scene.
Come in and try is your haven't already... We serve our expansive late night menu until 1:30am every night, and couldn't be happier to be there for our industry (and non-industry) family!!, Football menu is now available for today and tomorrow's games!! 
We have a truffled mac and cheese with candied jalapeño bacon. Also, a Chip/Dip Trio with guacamole, smoked shrimp dip, and pico de gallo., It's #BRUNCH time!! And your all-star team is here with me holding things up in the back, Jesse Dupuis on the bar, and Amanda Rae on the floor. We ain't messing around. 
Swanson special: "Kendra, you know what? I am going to have that third steak after all."
3 skirt steaks medallions with egg, stuffing, and caramelized onion bacon jam., We now have Back In Black from 21st Amendment, this season's black IPA!! Come and make Jesse and Marc shake their stuff cuz it's Saturday night, and we be ready to party., Ron Swanson #BRUNCH special today and tomorrow!!
"Kendra, you know what? I am going to have that third steak after all."
3 Steak and Egg Plate. Three skirt steak medallions, caramelized onion-bacon jam, butternut squash stuffing, and a fried egg
Amanda Rae has cranberry-maple ginger iced tea. Boom., Tonight's special at Moonshine: Pan seared crispy polenta with wild mushrooms, sugar snap peas, and Serrano ham
To quote Jesse Dupuis, "If I was off today, I'd throw on a light hoodie and sit and eat on the patio.  It's beautiful and perfect tonight.", The celebration is at Moonshine tonight!! 
Happy happy birthday to the best friend, manager, (life manager), and partner in crime that I could ever ask for.
 Amanda Rae, you are continually a source of inspiration, support, and fun. Love you in our lives., We had a wonderful time with all those who joined us last night.  Some great highlights from the food at our first wine dinner with #SocialWines. It was a beautiful fall night on the patio. Stay tuned for more... What a successful start to a great series!!, Chef Asia repping Moonshine 152 at the Back Bay Equinox event tonight!  Must have been killer trying to work out while smelling all that smoked salmon... Good thing Jesse made a bunch of Farm to Glass cocktails for everyone!, Come visit Marc, our #mcm,  on the bar tonight. Its the #finalcountdown for $5 Corralejo margaritas. Tomorrow is your last chance! Pairs perfectly with our Football Game Day Specials- Chili Cheese Fries & Swanson Approved Big A*$ Meat Tornado Quesadillas.  #marcaritas #mondaynightfootball, Our bar manager, Jesse Dupuis, is elbow deep in cucumbers and jalapeños for this week's event at #Equinox. The Farm to Glass cocktail is sure to refresh those gymrats!, #BRUNCHtime!! Everyone's favorite omelet with goat cheese, kale, and bacon. 
Also, today's Ron Swanson special is the Meat Tornado quesadilla with pico de gallo and sour cream., Corned beef baby. One of my favorite parts about Thursday.  Getting ready for hash every weekend for brunch!!, It's Thursday, and we've got some football snacks. Chad Fox 's Broncos are playing, so I made some specials just for him. 
Gigantic Meat Tornado Quesadilla with shortrib, pepperjack, steak, ham, bacon, pico de gallo and sour cream. 
Also, we have our famous buttermilk fried chicken wings, and chili cheese nachos!!, God I love my job.  A sneak peek into one of our football menu specials this week. Available tomorrow!! Wait until you see the money shot with all the goodness of the insides... For now, all we can tell you is it's big and awesome, and comes with Luis Pérez' pico de gallo. Period., Moonshine 152 is proud to be partnering up with the guys at Social Wines  for our first Wine Dinner showcasing the beautiful wines of Brooks Wines in Oregon. Join us next Tuesday, Sept. 22nd for a night to remember!  Tickets are still available through the Social Wines website. 

http://SocialWinesBOS.com/moonshine-brooks, It's #Watermelon Wednesday!! We have a gorgeous night on the patio, heirloom tomato-watermelon salad, 21st Amendment's Hell or High Watermelon, and $5 watermelon margaritas. The end of summer is near, so come and enjoy while it's all still around!
Peter Cipriani, Amanda Rae, and Kevin White are here for all your humpday needs. ;), With summer ending quickly so will with our favorite summer special. Only 7 more days for our ever-so-popular $5 Corralejo Watermelon or Lime Margaritas. Stop in and enjoy one (or three)   on our corner patio. #7days #finalcountdown #marcaritas, Late Night Raw Bar Happy Hour starts in 10 minutes! 1/2 off Wellfleet Oysters & Clams on the half shell. Every Monday-Friday from 5-7p & 12a-130a  #treatyoself #lateniteBOS, Beautiful evening for al fresco dining on our patio! Don't worry- if you get chilly we've got colorful fleece blankets to keep you warm. Come down and enjoy some beautiful fall-like weather #sweaterseason #happymonday #moonshine152, We've got Buttermilk Fried Chicken Wings, Ron Swanson trio of Chili Sliders, Bacon Wrapped Stuffing Bites, Steak Nachos,  Cold Beers and Cheap Margaritas all for your enjoyment. Come celebrate your  #sundayfunday with us!, Who's ready for some football?!! Football all day-all night. 
This weekend's Ron Swanson Brunch Special will be available all day (and Monday too) for the football games. Trio of Chili All-American Football Sliders w. beef-black bean chili with freedom fries (freedom to choose between homefries or French fries) More specials to follow!!
#perfectsunday #moonshine152, Ron Swanson #BRUNCH special: All American Beef Chili Sliders with black beans and homefries-- Pssst... In honor of the #football season kickoff, we will have these during brunch today and tomorrow, and as an addition during the games on Sunday and Monday, too!! Just sayin'., To celebrate the weekend and cooler weather, we have our Bacon-wrapped Stuffing Bites and Harpoon's Octoberfest, now on draught at Moonshine!!
#Harpoon brought to you by our #dreamteam #amandaismakingmehashtag, null, Don't let a little rain hold you back from enjoying a delicious dinner. Order your food online using Foodler  and have all your favorites delivered right to your door! Delivering until 11pm every night. We'll even sweeten the deal! All orders over $35 receive a complimentary dessert. 

http://www.foodler.com/moonshine-152/menu/20185, We have all your football needs at Moonshine 152. Skirt steak nachos, buttermilk fried chicken wings, spicy-truffled-garlic-cheese fries, and bacon wrapped stuffing bites!!  Plan accordingly.
The game,  Peter Cipriani, and Marc Carneiro are here for your viewing pleasure. Come say hi., The Moonshine crew is getting football specials ready for tomorrow... 
Spoiler alert!! There will be wings, cheap margaritas, and things on sticks. Also, those things on sticks will undoubtedly be wrapped in bacon., What a scorcher!! Thank goodness it makes way for a perfect patio evening with our seasonal Sahil's sangria.  The breeze is almost as cool as our bartender, Peter Cipriani. Come and celebrate the middle of the week with 1/2 off oysters and clams!, Happy Tuesday! Trying to get over those post-Labor Day blues? We've got just the thing for you!

Stop by for $5 Corralejo margaritas (watermelon or lime!), delicious food, and our dessert special, warm chocolate bread pudding! Fall is quickly approaching - don't miss your chance to enjoy our summer menu and our beautiful patio (open 'till midnight)!, It's Saturday. That means it's #BRUNCH time!! Today's Ron Swanson special is inspired by when he Yelped Canada.  "Dear Canada, F**k you."
Canadian bacon loaded breakfast potato skins with crispy red bliss skins, scrambled eggs, salsa, sour cream, candied bacon, and romesco. 
Amanda Rae made Passionfruit-bergamot iced tea. Chef Asia is in love., Okay, you've moved and survived the beginning of the month.  Come kick off your weekend and tell us all about your plans!! Creamy summer corn soup, Jesse Dupuis, Amanda Rae, Marc Carneiro, and Riona Ward are all here for you., Sum-sum-summertime!! We have Marc Carneiro, Peter Cipriani, Tim Shugrue, and a yummy soup/salad special here at Moonshine this evening: Creamy summer corn soup with black bean salsa-pea tendril salad, We're looking to add to our team! Know anyone who wants to join our #moonshiner team?

http://boston.craigslist.org/gbs/fbh/52035 42281.html, Now that you're all moved in & unpacked it's time to relax and enjoy a nice dinner. Patio tables available. Give us a call we'll hold one for you! #September2nd  #southie #moonshine152, We are so stoked to have Southwest Airlines Magazine feature our conch ceviche!! Jesse's dad (the true inspiration of the dish) will be so excited.  Come and try it out... It is guaranteed to cool you off on a hot day like this., Out with the old and in with the new!! Come in to Moonshine 152 and grab September's new burger: Caramelized onion bacon jam, crumbled bleu cheese and crispy bibb lettuce. #baconjam #moonshine152, Tonight is our FINAL Fiesta Monday for the season here at Moonshine 152. Join us for 1/2 street food inspired dishes, $5 Corralejo Margaritas, Specialty Cocktails & Mexican Beer. We'll be providing some complimentary bar snacks to get the party started. Fiesta from 10p-2am! #fiestamondays #fallisalmosthere #moonshine152, End of the month means change for the Burger of the Month. Stop in tonight for your last chance for the Sundried Tomato & Sunflower Seed Romesco Burger topped with sharp cheddar cheese & shredded cabbage.  Stayed tuned tomorrow for September's Burger of the Month! #onemoreday 

Kitchen serving until 130a. Patio open until midnight., It's #latenight time at Moonshine.
We have Char-siu barbecue pork buns, and lord knows they pair well with White Birch's Belgian pale ale and your stories about restaurant week. ;)
Come tell Kevin his cute he is., Ron Swanson #BRUNCH special Saturday and Sunday: Big-@$$ Breakfast Burrito with scrambled eggs, jalapeño bacon, skillet peppers and onions, pepperjack cheese, black beans and salsa fresca, Stop in tonight to say good bye & good luck to our server (& friend) Jared as he prepares to head west. They will be lucky to have you in Austin Jared! ! We'll miss you but you'll always be a #moonshiner to us! Now its time to party! #BYEjared
 #BOStoAUS #bonvoyage #moonshine152, Probably our most crave-worthy standby, besides Marc and Jesse on what's guaranteed to be a great Friday night.  
Korean barbecue shortrib tacos with Asian pear kimchi and candied ginger aioli, Special all weekend!! Starting tonight, char-siu pork spareribs with cilantro, furikake, and steamed buns.  Come and vote on whether they're new menu worthy., Sneak peek into this weekend's special... Char-siu boneless pork spareribs.  If our kitchen team doesn't eat them all, that is. It's Puerco-time!!, What a gorgeous evening for dinner on our patio to celebrate national women's equality day, dog day, and hotdog day... If that's not reason enough to come hang at Moonshine with Peter Cipriani, the Ward sisters, and Marc, then we don't know what is!, Fiesta Time! $5 Tequila Corralejo Margaritas, 1/2 off street food inspired dishes, Jello shots, Mexican beer specials & complimentary bar snacks every Monday from 10p-2a. 
#fiestamonday #moonshine152 #moonshiners, Meatless Mondays doesn't have to mean salad for dinner. Try our Portabella Frites with 2 grilled portabella mushroom caps, cornmeal encrusted zucchini strings, spicy tomato sauce & citrus aioli

Don't forget Fiesta Monday tonight from 10p-2a with 1/2 off street food inspired dishes, $5 Margaritas &  complimentary bar snacks. Chef Danielle is making guacamole. Enough said! 

#meatlessmondays #moonshine152 #moonshiners, We are not participating in "Dine Out Boston",as our menu is a value without needing to be discounted! May we suggest a 3 course dinner including Tamago w. blistered shishito peppers, followed by our burger of the month and double chocolate bread pudding for dessert all for under $38! Wash it all down with a $5 Watermelon or Lime Margarita, and you'd only be paying a $1 more than Dining Out's pre-fix.  Kitchen serving until 130am. 
#whatasteal #moonshine152 #moonshiners, Ron Swanson says it's BRUNCH time!! Come get our Sloppy Jose Breakfast MANwich with spicy beefy goodness, a fried egg, and Amanda Rae's awesome orangeade iced tea special., We've got the New England Patriots game on both TV's, $5 Margarita specials, yummy food from Chef  Asia's kitchen, like Buttermilk Fried Chicken Wings and Skirt Steak Nachos....AND THIS JUST IN... Spicy Chili Cheese Fries topped with pepperjack cheese and spicy chili on special for tonight's game. Let's Go Pats!!, For all those who joked about Moonshine offering delivery the time has now come.. Moonshine 152 is now available for delivery 7 nights a week from 530p-11p! Have a craving for Throwback Korean BBQ Tacos & Buttermilk Fried Chicken Wings? No need to leave the house or change out of your PJ's (no judgment here). Also you'll receive a complimentary dessert with all Foodler delivery orders over $35! Find us on Foodler.com

http://www.foodler.com/moonshine-152/about/20185, In case you were wondering how a real MAN wakes up...
Ron Swanson brunch special today and tomorrow: Sloppy Jose breakfast MANwich with spicy beefy goodness, a fried egg, sourdough bun, and Amanda Rae's Orangina iced tea, Weekend special!
Pan seared halloumi cheese with Amanda's panzanella salad, cherry tomatoes, cucumbers, and basil-dill vinaigrette, Jesse and Marc are here at the bar, and we have the perfect cool dessert for this jungle of a day. 
British summer berry pudding with whipped cream, candied orange zest, Blackberry jamboree!!! Lime curd, blackberry pie filling, toasted almond shortbread, and chantilly cream
Perfect for a hot humpday. ;), It's Fiesta Time!! 
$5 Corralejo Margaritas, 1/2 off street food inspired dishes (pictured: grilled skirt steak nachos), complimentary bar snacks, jello shots, Party Jams!! Kitchen until 130am party until 2am! #fiestamonday #moonshine152 #mondayfunday

Thanks guys for the fiesta spirit! You all look great!, Bar manager Jesse's shift meal. He really loves clams., null, Today and tomorrow!  Ron Swanson BRUNCH special: "All the eggs and all the bacon".  Canadian bacon, jalapeño bacon, and candied pecanwood bacon with extra scrambled eggs, sourdough toast and homefries
Amanda's iced tea special is the Amanda Palmer with green tea and lemonade, Special all weekend! Lobster lasagna with shrimp, scallops, cherry tomato- ricotta and arugula pesto.
Everyone's favorite sizzling clams are here, too!, This batch of shishito peppers has something pretty special going on!!
Pretty rainbow shishito peppers on crispy sushi rice with tamago and candied ginger aioli, It's Fiesta Time!
 Decorations are up. Jello shots are set. Marc wants to make all the $5 Corralejo Margaritas. Oysters are ready to be shucked and the kitchen is prepped for 1/2 off street food inspired dishes, like our house favorite Skirt Steak Nachos. Throwback Jams station is playing all the hits.  All that is missing is YOU (& friends)! Kitchen serving until 130am & Bar til 2am., It's a beautiful day in the neighborhood everyone! Chef Danielle has a yummy appetizer special tonight just in time for Fiesta Monday. Crispy Jalapeno Hushpuppies with Pepperjack Cheese Dipping Sauce. Cool down with our $5 Corralejo  Watermelon or Lime Margaritas on the patio!
Hope to see you all tonight for Fiesta Monday- 1/2 off street food inspired dishes, cocktail and Mexican beer specials, $5 Margaritas and complimentary bar snacks. 10pm-2am every Monday night!, A man and his big clams.  The bigger the better for this happy boy.  Jesse is all fueled up now, come on over and give him and Marc a run for their money., Perfect evening for al fresco dining here at Moonshine. Just look at the view from our patio. Patio open until midnight, seating until 11pm.
Give us a call.. we'll hold a table for you! 617.752.4191
#nofilter  #Southie  #moonshine152, We have love for all the moonshiners.  Exciting cheesy-peanut buttery oat cookies being made for our favorite fuzzy puppy guests on the patio!!, BRUNCH BABY. We have a beautiful patio, our most chipper server, and our Greek yogurt parfait with honey, toasted coconut-amaranth streusel, and seasonal fruit.  
Amanda Rae has a ridiculous Arnold Palmer Slushie.  Get here., We are thrilled to be featured on NESN's Dining Playbook!! In case you didn't catch us on television, check out the video here, and come see us in real life asap., It's everyone's favorite Jesse and Marc show tonight.
We also have a perfect summer sandwich special all weekend long: Confit tuna melt with homemade B&B pickles, crispy beet chips, cheddar, and  shoestring french fries. Plan accordingly. :), It's Thirsty Thursday?
Come enjoy some of our house favorite cocktails  like the "Farm to Glass" with GrandTen Distilling Firepuncher Vodka & Fresh  Blue Heron Farm Cucumber Juice or the "Kentucky Cooler" with Four Roses Bourbon and house Blackberry puree.

Or go with a summer classic- our $5 Tequila Corralejo Margaritas. Available as watermelon or lime.
#thirstythursday #seatwithaview #moonshine152, If you haven't tried this winner of Boston Magazine's Best of Boston Burgers, it's time for you to come meet everyone's favorite, the Mushroom Tofu Burger!! 
Same way Chef Asia has been making them for years. Another example of why we think the true test of good "vegetarian food" is whether or not non-vegetarians flock to it too.
Served with our homemade shoestring french fries, velvety aioli, and you can always add bacon, of course. ;), It's 10pm You know what that means?
FIESTA MONDAY TIME!!
1/2 off street food inspired dishes, $5 Corralejo Watermelon or Lime Margaritas, Mexican Beer specials, Tequila jello shots  Complimentary bar snacks.. Party time!!, New month means new Burger of the Month!
Sundried Tomato & Sunflower Seed Romesco Sauce, Sharp Cheddar Cheese & Shredded Cabbage. If you're feeling wild, add some Jalapeno Bacon to add a spicy kick. You won't be disappointed!
Wash it all down with a Shine Spritz- Marc's variation on the classic Aperol Spritz. Stop in tonight and have him make one special  for you!, Sunday's are cheat days... right?!?
Dessert special tonight: Chocolate Bread Pudding w. Dulce de Leche crème anglaise & whipped cream. Calories don't count on Sunday! 

#treatyourselfSundays #moonshine152, Perfect evening for patio dining! Give us a call or find us on OpenTable and we'll hold a outdoor table for you! 
617.752.4191 http://www.opentable.com/moonshine-152, This weekend's Ron Swanson brunch special: Breakfast Cubano Sandwich with roasted pork, bacon, a fried egg, swiss cheese, chipotle mayo, and homemade B&B pickles

Available today and Sunday!! Amanda has a Caribbean Cooler iced green tea special, and Marc has big kimchi spiced Bloody Mary's.  Boom., Special all weekend: Salt cod fritters with Eva's pea tendrils, house preserved lemon, spicy smoked paprika rouille
We also have Dell's Shandy on tap!! 1/2 lemonade, 1/2 Narragansett lager, 100% perfect with our patio and air conditioning., Dark n' Stormy seemed most appropriate for today, and our tamago-shishito pepper app over crispy sushi rice!
Come seek shelter from the elements... $5 Marc-aritas, Fiona Ward, and Amanda Rae promise to take great care of you., Our front lineup is a guaranteed good time tonight. Come refresh yourself with our $5 Corralejo margaritas and nosh on 1/2 priced oysters and clams.  The air conditioning is cranking, and we'll be cooking into the wee hours of the morning..., Come see some new floral additions to our patio pallets.  Jesse and Fiona are running the front, and we have everyone's favorite sizzling clams again tonight!!, Fiesta Monday is getting ready. Head over for half-off street food, complimentary snacks, $5 margaritas, and unlimited fun!!, Don't let a little rain ruin your evening!
We've got 1/2 priced Duxbury Oysters and Wellfleet Littleneck  Clams until 7pm, a delicious "Caprese" burger of the month special, and $5 Corralejo Watermelon or Lime Margaritas. 

Don't forget Fiesta Monday tonight 10p-2am with all sorts of specials!, A perfect morning for some lobster grits...with sauteed lobster, sherry pan sauce and jalapeño grits.
We also have BREAKFAST LASAGNA and the lovely Leah Lovgren behind the bar.  Garfield and Ron Swanson would be proud., Thanks for the shoutout BostonChefs.com featuring our standout $5 Corralejo Watermelon Margarita available all summer long! Perfect patio thirst quencher!

http://www.bostonchefs.com/rundown/summer-sippers/, Ron Swanson Brunch Special: Breakfast Lasagna with bacon, sausage, ricotta, spicy tomato, and a fried egg, of course.
Our patio is looking perfect today, and we have Amanda's Bergamot iced tea with lemon and red plum.  
Tastes like a plan., Happy Friday All! Don't forget $5 Corralejo Margaritas all summer long here at Moonshine! I say go for a Watermelon Margarita. They are perfectly refreshing on a warm day like today! 

Bar serving until 2am. Kitchen serving al your favorites until 130am!, Pssssst.... Hey friends, family, neighbors & new comers- We are super pumped to have Phantom Gourmet here tomorrow evening to film a feature at the restaurant! So get yourself camera ready & come on down for dinner and drinks. Bar opens at 5pm & the kitchen is  serving all your favorites 530pm-130am., null, Marc and Fiona are on the bar tonight, and as if that wasn't special enough...Traditional Bavarian bread dumplings with braised rabbit, Blue Heron baby carrots and squash, and pistachio brown butter, Perfect for sharing... Or not.  Available all summer long, late night too!
Buttermilk fried chicken wings, poblano ranch dipping sauce, celery parsley slaw, Big power outage in South Boston.  We've still got it, and are helping our buddies over at Lincoln and Loco by coordinating with them to accommodate anyone who may have had resies or plans there.
Patio is open and we have plenty of space available, head on over Southie!, Perfect for a hot day.... Smoked shrimp dip with crispy cucumbers, homemade bagel chips, and nori garlic toast, Much thanks to everyone who came to kick off the first Fiesta Monday!! We had an amazing time. To those who couldn't make it, we will be celebrating every Monday for the rest of summer.  Hope to see you next week!, It's finally the first Fiesta Monday!! Come watch Marc kick it off by dishing out his favorite margaritas at $5 (available every day for the rest of summer), eat complimentary street snacks, and jump on half-priced oysters, tacos, and nachos!
We also have a giant blown up bunny exhibit, and it all starts at 10pm.  Not a bad way to start your week. ¡¡Olé!!, Saturday and Sunday brunch is in full swing!! Sweet tea special, and this Ron Swanson Brunch Special: 
Garlic pork sausage-chicken hash, scrambled eggs, apple stuffing, and extra bacon., Grilled skirt steak nachos with salsa fresca, salsa verde, pepperjack cheese, and a fried egg.
Jesse and Marc are on the bar, and it's Friday night. Come get some nachos and get weird., null, Our version of the Corpse Reviver--Gin, fresh lemon juice, Lillet Blanc,  Pamplemousse grapefruit liquor, with an Absinthe wash... The perfect way to spend your Thursday with Peter Cip and Marc at the bar, and our Spicy Black Bean and Bacon Sizzling Clam special., Fried olives with blue cheese dressing and homemade pickled farm veggies.  One of our favorite "Order Fire" quick snack plates... Today's selection of pickles includes spicy green tomatoes, cauliflower, local peppers, BandB's, and more!!, The real test of good vegetarian food is whether or not non-vegetarians like it too.  This is one of our vegetarian items on the summer menu, and it's clearly a staff favorite amongst a team full of meat-lovers.
Grilled portabello frites with crispy zucchini strings, citrus aioli, and spicy tomato, Come visit our stellar brunch team.  The Ron Swanson is our version of a Southie Irish breakfast, and we have new summer brunch dishes like the "Gypsy eggs" with crispy polenta, scrambled eggs, roasted kale, prosciutto, and spicy tomato sauce. (Based on Chef Asia's favorite food/booth from the farmer's market in CA while growing up), Saturday and Sunday brunch in Southie. What could be more appropriate?
Ron Swanson Brunch Special: Southie Irish bangers with mushy peas, beer bread, bacon, grilled tomato, and a fried egg
Amanda Rae's rocking a tropical iced tea special, and we have air conditioning.  Get here ;), Springroll special all weekend!!  
Our crispy springrolls are back by popular demand this weekend, this time with pork and shrimp filling.  Served with my housemade kalamansi orange shrub nuoc cham, pea tendrils, and black garlic.
Marc Carneiro and Jesse Dupuis have paired it here with a Hemingway Daiquiri with rum, lime, grapefruit juice, and Luxardo maraschino liquor. Yum yum., We've got half-priced oysters, and tonight's special: Sizzling clams with crispy garlic, sauteed arugula, bacon, and spicy black bean sauce. 
You should get these in your life., If you haven't tried this dish yet, you now have a plan for tonight.  One of our staff favorites: Grilled calamari and octopus with baby spinach, cara cara oranges, crispy kale and citrus butter, Heirloom quinoa salad with grapefruit, almonds, and feta.
Jesse's special Southside with gin and mint.  All great on a patio, or our delightful air conditioning., Come cool off and have Marc make Amanda Rae's favorite version of an Aperol Spritz, featuring gin and champagne... Pairs perfectly with our summer heirloom tomato and watermelon salad with Comte cheese, Serrano ham, basil, and Balsamic, We all know how the saying goes: The early bird catches the worm.

Join us every Mon-Fri for 1/2 off Oysters & Littleneck Clams on the half shell from 5-7pm! Served with chili cucumber mignonette & classic cocktail sauce. More of a night owl? They are also 1/2 off between 12am-130am! Pairs perfectly with a glass of rose on our patio, which is open until midnight tonight! Kitchen serving all your favorites until 130am every night!, Come show us all your firework selfies.  

Ron Swanson brunch special: braised bunny rabbit, spicy grits, brown butter roasted apples, and walnut romesco, Sahil's summer sangria and the strawberry-lemon moonshine cocktail.  Come and celebrate the holiday weekend!!, We have Peter and Marc on the bar tonight, and as if that weren't special enough, here's an addition to the menu...Crispy beef spring rolls with Blue Heron’s pea tendrils, mint, black garlic, and spicy orange shrub nuoc cham, A teaser for this weekend's special... Nuoc cham is happening. And it's special nuoc cham., A perfect day for a new burger!! New burger of the month: marinated mozzarella, balsamic tomato, and spinach-basil pesto...and don't worry, we have plenty of jalapeno-bacon to add, cuz you know it's the best!!, Its a beautiful evening for a little star gazing on our patio. You can even see Venus and Jupiter in line! Patio open until midnight! 
http://gizmodo.com/tonight-venus-and-jupiter-will-be-closer-than-theyve-be-1715035918, Sun's out! Patio's open! Get your butts in here everyone! 1/2 off Oysters & Littlnecks on the Half shell until 7pm & 12-130am. Also it's the last night for our Spicy Jalapeno Bacon BLT burger. New month tomorrow means new burger special! #bestofboston, We couldn't be happier! Thanks everyone for making us the best! Come celebrate with us tonight!

http://www.improper.com/bostons-best/food-drink/neighborhoods-south-boston-moonshine-152/, Looks like the sun is trying to make an appearance today! Patio is open at Moonshine. Oysters and Littleneck clams on the half shell are Half Off between 5pm-7pm & 12am-130am.

Not feeling the cool weather out there? We have a Spicy Lobster & Grits special this evening. It'll warm you right up. Pan seared lobster, spicy grits & sherry pan sauce., Got the rainy day blues? Let us cheer you up with a stiff cocktail and some delicious, decadent food. May I suggest the Crispy Flounder Fillet w. fried pickled green tomatoes & spicy uni-shrimp butter sauce. Follow it up with some classic Butterscotch pudding. After all it is still Sunday Funday!, Need Saturday plans? Join us for brunch then stop over to our friends at GrandTen Distilling for some great local spirits, located just a five minute walk from the restaurant. See their website for more info. http://www.grandten.com/contact/visit.php
Can't make it for a tour? Enjoy our Farm to Glass cocktail featuring GrandTen Fire Puncher vodka, Blue Heron Cucumber juice, Elderflower & Lemon., All happy weekend!! Also, Amanda made an amazing honey lavender iced tea.  
Ron Swanson brunch special: slow roasted pork hash, oyster-kale stuffing, jalapeno candied bacon, and a fried egg, Tonight's Rabbit Addition:
Braised rabbit w. roasted cauliflower, spicy cherry tomatoes, noodles & spinach cream. Served either as an appetizer or entrée. 
Now doesn't that look delicious!, We have a few tasty specials this weekend at Moonshine!

With inspiration from our favorite Irish sisters Riona and Fiona, Spicy Curry French Fries with house-cut French fries and the Ward sisters favorite Irish curry. Available on both the dinner and late night menus! 

Braised Rabbit w. roasted cauliflower, spicy cherry tomatoes, noodles & spinach cream. Available as either an appetizer or an entrée. Photo to follow!!

And as always Oysters and Littlenecks are 1/2 off from 5p-7p & 12a-130am every Mon-Fri. Served with classic cocktail sauce and chili cucumber mignonette. 

Hope to see you all this weekend!, Frequently Asked Moonshine 152 Question: Do you have a Gluten-Free Menu?

You'll find many menu items at Moonshine to be prepared gluten free. With new menu items such as the Chilled Beet Soup w. dill crème fraiche & Heirloom Tomato and Watermelon Salad w. Serrano ham to menu staples like the Heirloom Quinoa Salad w. pink grapefruit and feta cheese & Grilled Calamari and Octopus Salad w. baby spinach and citron butter. Our staff is happy to point you in the right direction for dining with us with any dietary restrictions. 

Join us nightly for dinner starting at 530pm and serving your favorites until 130am. Patio open until midnight!
#glutenfree #healthyeats, You're practically through humpday. Time to get busy snacking and cocktailing. Moonshine's late night snack special: Narragansett battered fish and chips with homemade B&B pickles, shoestring fries and Old Bay rouille, Pan-seared scallops with street corn salad, cherry tomatoes, lime citrus aioli.  Summer has arrived!! Pairs perfectly with our patio and Peter Cipriani's cocktails., Out and about in the city on this beautiful summer night. Stop by Moonshine for 1/2 off Oysters and Clams after 12 midnight. Our kitchen is serving all your favorites til 1:30am., We couldn't be more excited to be named one of Boston's hottest restaurants by Zagat!! For our fun, casual neighborhood spot to be mentioned along with such superstar company is a huge honor and the Moonshine family couldn't be more proud and thrilled.  Come celebrate with us., It's raining.. It's pouring..
I think some Crab Eggs Benedict with tasso ham hollandaise & housemade English muffin will help with the rainy day blues. Add a house Bloody Mary and all your problems will be solved.

Serving brunch until 3pm. Happy Father's Day to all the dads out there!, Late night snack special: Ohitashi style baby kale, with crispy garlic and creamy sesame sauce, We've got Bacon.. We've got Beer.. Stop by Moonshine after the Boston Bacon and Beer Fest. Burger of the month is Jalapeno Bacon BLT w. poblano ranch dressing & white cheddar cheese.  Served with perfectly seasoned house cut French fries. 

Wash it all down with a new to the list 21st Amendment Hell or High Watermelon Wheat Beer. Tastes even better sitting on our patio. Kitchen open til 1:30am! Patio til midnight. 
#bacon #beer, Our new brunch menu is alive and kickin'!  Come in for a new item, our today's Ron Swanson Brunch Special: Pulled barbecue chicken sandwich with basil-tarragon, shredded cabbage, fried egg, and crispy chicken skin, Tonight's late night bar snack: crispy fried baby artichokes with herb aioli, Beautiful summer night for the patio and all the new menu items.  Here's the sauteed mussels with curried jalapeno-beer butter, local pepper piperade, and Maine crab salad crostini, It's a beautiful day for a menu change!! We're cranking away... Come on in and see all the new summer dishes we're so excited about. Peter and Jesse are rolling out the new beverage menus as well, so you know it'll be a great time., All ready... These little babies just need some time now., We can't wait to use our homemade shrubs in everything from sodas to cocktails and vinaigrettes. The possibilities are endless!!, Frequently Asked Moonshine Question:
What is char-siu chicken?
 
Well, our version is a take on the popular Chinese BBQ style pork frequently seen in Chinatown. Our half-roasted chicken is covered in the sweet, caramelized sauce and is served over a bed of steamed white rice and drizzled with a green ginger jade sauce. 

Tonight is it's final night on the menu as we are lightening up the menu for the summer months. You will see it on the menu again . Stop in tonight to savor it one last time! Kitchen serving until 1:30 (ps it's on the late night menu as well!), Stop by Moonshine all weekend for our Pride After Party. Wear your rainbow colors and get a complimentary snack! Serving Brunch Sat & Sun 11am til 3pm and Dinner from 530pm to 130am! Patio seating open til midnight.  

If you see our two servers Kevin & Jason partying it up this weekend at all the festivities give em a big hug from their Moonshine 152 family! #bostonpride #prideafterparty, Ron Swanson brunch special: "Fishing relaxes me. It's like yoga, except I still get to kill something."
Smoked fish tacos with house-smoked Faroe Island salmon, bacon wrapped shrimp,  salsa, and sorrel-lime crema
We also have Amanda's iced tea special with agave sweetened citrus and mint!!, Check out our new great food pics, chef profile, and general restaurant info up on Bostonchefs!!  What an amazing website to be a part of..., Tonight's addition to the menu: Sweet potato-pork belly empanadas with grilled corn cabbage slaw and blistered shishitos.  
Peter's on the bar, Asia and Fiona are holding up the fort.  Let's do this!, Join us on the patio before the rain starts! Cocktail special this evening: South Side (gin, lemon, simple syrup & mint). Think gin mojito but with lemon instead of lime. Super refreshing on this hot summer-like day Pairs nicely with our half priced Duxbury oysters from 5-7pm & 12-130am. Hope to see you all soon!, One of our favorite parts of this time of the year!!, We are getting into the summer spirit here at Moonshine. Half off oyster & clams every Monday thru Friday from 5-7p & 12-130am!  Our Standish Shores oysters  (Duxbury, MA) & Wellfleet clams are served with cucumber chili mignonette, classic cocktail sauce & lemon. I suggest a flute of Prosecco or Sparking Rose while you're at it!, This truly is a Sunday Funday! Come to Moonshine and join the Party. We are celebrating sous chef Danielle and server Kevin's birthdays today.  It's also Chad's last night with us at Moonshine behind the bar. Stop in and wish them all the best. Kitchen serving all your favorites until 130am. Patio open until midnight!, You have got to make it in for brunch today! Last day for the staff's favorite Ron Swanson Brunch Special to date....
Chinese BBQ Pork Belly Hash w. seasoned rice, grilled scallions and a fried egg. Thanks for the great photo Jennifer! 
Serving brunch from 11a-3p today., Happy new additions to our Moonshine 152 patio!! Cutest celosia., Ron Swanson brunch special all weekend: Chinese barbecue pork belly hash, seasoned rice, grilled scallions, fried egg, and Sriracha toast....the staff favorite so far!! 
Iced tea special with bergamot and passionfruit, Start your weekend off right with us here at Moonshine w. Half Off Oysters from 5-7pm & 12a-130a. If oysters aren't your thing Chef Asia has a delightful Rabbit Gnocchi special tonight served with crispy maitake mushrooms & a lemony brown butter sauce.
 Our patio is open this and every evening until 12am!! If you get chilly we've got you covered with complimentary fleece blankets!, Come join us for Oyster Happy Hour at Moonshine  with HALF OFF OYSTERS every  Monday thru Friday 5pm-7pm & 12a-130a. 
Also it's Chad and Peter's last shift together today. Stop by and show some love to the most handsome bar team in all of  Boston!, Our favorite farmer from Blue Heron is back in business!! Come celebrate her produce with today's special:
Rabbit ricotta gnocchi with lemony brown butter, baby carrots, cherry tomatoes, and crispy maitake mushrooms, Frequently Asked Question at Moonshine 152: What type of Oysters do you have?
Moonshine is currently offering Standish Shore Oysters.
Named after Pangea Shellfish Company 's Duxbury MA oyster farm. Their well-balanced flavor and sweet-buttery texture make them a great choice for the perfect Atlantic oyster. Starting today we will be offering them at HALF PRICE Monday thru Friday from 5 to 7pm!
We love them so much here at Moonshine that we wanted to share owner/president Ben Lloyd's mission: To source and distribute the best oysters and shellfish in the world while respecting our oceans., Sun is shining.. Birds are singing.. Rose is chilled.. Duxbury oysters are ready to be shucked.. Patio is set... All that's missing is you (and friends)! 

We'd love to hold a table for you! Give us a call or find us on Opentable http://www.opentable.com/moonshine-152, This weekend's Ron Swanson brunch special: Grilled skirt steak, crispy prosciutto, bacon-sweet potato stuffing, demi-glace and a fried egg.  
We still have orders of pork enchiladas tonight as well. Happy Saturday!!, A spicy way to start your weekend after recharging from the holiday...Tonight's special: Slow-roasted pork enchiladas with smoked tomato sauce and Pepperjack.  It pairs perfectly with the Jesse's Girl and a night on our patio, And we are back in business!!!

We are skipping right to the Late night menu tonight everyone. Know what that means?!! Asia's Dirty  Fried Rice is available an hour early tonight!  #moonshiners, Hey #moonshiners- Moonshine will be closed from 5pm-10pm this evening for our first Private Event. We are hosting the great team at Stoweflake Mountain Resort and Spa. As always, keep Moonshine in mind for all your Private Events and Special Occasions! 

We will reopen for late night and drinks at 10pm. We'd really love to see you then!, Our late night special... Open faced Serrano Ham and Egg Sandwich w. sriracha, mayo and guacamole, served w. fries. Come by to feast on this and see Jesse!, Moonshine 152 will be closed tomorrow for Memorial Day. Stop in tonight to get your fix!

Kitchen serving all your favorites until 130am. Chad will be behind the bar until 2am.Stop in  and thank him for his service in the US Navy. Thank you Chad Fox and all military personal for the sacrifices you have made to keep us all safe!, Memorial Day weekend Ron Swanson special: bacon wrapped shrimp po'boy with ramp remoulade, fried green tomatoes, and potato-egg salad.  
Iced tea special, the patio, and the Moonshine crew... Time to fuel your holiday weekend!, Preview of tomorrow's iced tea special: Sencha green tea brewed with crystallized ginger, fresh ruby red grapefruit, served with a splash of Fever Tree ginger beer, Tonight's specials are: Grilled oysters with spicy basil-garlic butter and pickled ramps, and a throwback to Chef Asia's San Jose upbringing with burnt walnut cake, vanilla custard, and raspberries.  Come say hello to Peter and Marc, and celebrate the middle of the week the right way!, Time to plan the rest of your evening!! Tonight's late night special: Grilled oysters with spicy basil-garlic butter, pickled ramps.  They pair perfectly with our spicy Mezcal drink, the Where There's Smoke., Frequently Asked Moonshine Question of the Day :
What's Tamago?

Well.. tamago refers to the lightly sweetened chilled egg omelet found  in Japenese sushi. Ours sits atop a warm & crunchy sushi rice cake topped with blistered shishito peppers, which range anywhere from mild to medium. The plate is drizzled with a slightly sweet candied ginger aioli and finished with a sprinkle of Espelette Pepper. 
 Warm, Chilled, Soft, Crunchy, Sweet, Salty and if you're lucky Spicy!
Kitchen open nightly til 1:30am., Check out NESN.com's video highlight of Moonshine 152 as a perfect place to go after the game.  We completely agree.
http://www.digitalnewsworld.com/news/eastern-standard-brass-union-moonshine-152-among-spots-to-visit-video.html, Just a head's up for all you #moonshiners Moonshine 152's Industry Brunch is going on Summer Vacation. Starting tomorrow new Monday hours will be from 5p-2am with the kitchen open from 530p-130a.  

Sorry for any inconvenience this may cause. Make sure to come check us out for  Weekend Brunch Saturdays and Sundays from 11a-3pm., Heading out to SoWa today. Moonshine is  less than a fifteen minute walk away. Stop by before or after and enjoy this beautiful day on our delightful patio space. Serving Brunch from 11-3pm this and every Saturday & Sunday, These ladies know how to rock a brunch.  All-female kitchen line, like it ain't no thang., A good reason to get out of bed--this weekend's Ron Swanson brunch special: spicy garlic sausage wrapped in a pancake with homefries, ricotta cheese, and Sriracha maple butter, As featured in Boston In News, Jesse Dupuis' New Classic: Overholt Rye, yellow Chartreuse, Aperol, cherry syrup, Boston Bittahs. PS, it comes with a dope surprise garnish., If a Southie bar crawl is in your weekend bucketlist, here's a fun guide that points out Moonshine 152 as the best starting point.  We don't disagree., Pan-seared halloumi with harissa cashews, pea tendrils, and pickled strawberries, Serrano ham and sheep's milk cheese salad with mache, pickled ramps, and truffled vinaigrette.  And Jesse's on the bar solo. It's gonna be a good night., Moonshine loves Mom's!!
Sun's out. Patios open. Serving brunch today til 3pm, Swanson special all weekend: "Give me ALL the eggs and bacon you have..."  Extra scrambled eggs, homefries, and 3 bacons-pecanwood, jalapeno, and Canadian., This and the patio.  Surf n'turf pig-in-a-blanket with Andouille sausage, crispy clam strips, and a spicy pancake, Starting off the weekend right, with kimchi sausage fried rice for family meal... because we love all these #moonshiners, Margarita jello shots, pulled pork nachos, beef lengua quesadillas... it must be Cinco de Mayo at Moonshine!!  And you know Jesse Dupuis makes a mean margarita., Oh yes we did...Stop by tomorrow for Cinco de Mayo Margarita Jello Shots! They are a must try... Get em' while they last.
 Bar opens at 5pm.. Kitchens serving all your favorites til 1:30am, Just a heads up all you #moonshiners Moonshine 152 will be closing early this evening 5.3.15 at midnight to celebrate our fearless leader Asia Mei's birthday. She will be stopping in around 11pm so come on  by and wish her the Happiest of Birthday's.

We will be reopening tomorrow at noon for Industry Brunch. Come Hungry and Wear Sunscreen. Weather is looking pretty perfect for patio dining!!, Don't forget, if you missed the patio today, we are open for Monday Industry Brunch tomorrow, too (anyone welcome, of course)!! The weather is gonna be fantastic, and the big Bloody Mary's with kimchi juice will be sure to start the week off in proper fashion..., Sun's out & the patio is open.. Perfect weather for Mint Julep's and oysters on the patio.. 

Kitchen serving tonight until 1:30am & bar until 2am., Ron Swanson special: the Meat Tornado. Roasted pork loin with corned beef hash, candied jalapeno bacon, and crispy pig ear chicharrones, It's the beginning of the month and the first day of our new burger: Pimento cheese spread and homemade B&B pickles, Tonight's special: Crispy tuna dumplings with pea tendrils, black garlic, cara cara orange honey, Jesse's dad's snail salad: conch ceviche with celery, olives, and tobiko, Got the Monday blues? Stop by Moonshine for Industry Brunch. We've got just what you need to turn that frown upside down..

Josh and Kevin are serving Swanson Specials, Jalapeno Bacon Burgers, Corned Beef Hash, Bloody Mary's and more.. much more!!  

Serving Brunch Noon til 3pm. Come say Hi! We don't tell if you leave work early, Ron Swanson Inspired Brunch Special

"Why am I so much better at eating than everyone else?"

Steak & Eggs w. bacon wrapped scallops, homefries & pesto $25

Ron Swanson himself, Nick Offerman, will be in Boston on 5.29 doing a show at the Wilber Theator Lets get Ron to Moonshine so we can feed him all the food!! #getswansonhere #moonshiners, Moonshine 152 is declared as one of the best new restaurants to check out in Boston.  We are honored and thrilled to be considered along with the other amazing spots--thank you so much, Thrillist.com!!  And to all the other restaurants, keep on keepin' on and congratulations!, Tonight's special: Bacon wrapped scallops with rainbow carrot-cabbage slaw, crispy basil, and barbecue aioli, We are so psyched over the Boston Globe's review of Moonshine 152 by Devra First.  So proud of our entire team, the new menu change, and what's only the beginning of being a worthy fixture in this fantastic neighborhood.  Come celebrate with us!!, It's beautiful out, and our tulips are starting to bloom!! Come hang outside before it cools off this week..., Moonshine's patio is open, and brunch is full speed ahead...
Swanson special: wild boar nachos, spicy red cabbage salsa, and melted cheese, Our all-star server Riona's on tonight, with Kim, Jared, Jesse and Marcums!   Come and check out her favorite Irish curry, stuffed kohlrabi, and farro-almond tabbouleh., What a perfect evening for a stroll through South Boston! Stop by tonight between 5-9pm to participate in South Boston's Spring Stroll. Shop, Sip and Save to help support local businesses. 

Mention the Spring Stroll for a complimentary snack with purchase of a drink!

#springstroll15 #shopsipsave #moonshiners, One of the new spring menu's frontrunners:
Grilled pork tenderloin with clams, baby artichokes, leeks, and mushroom broth, Spring menu is here.  Come and check check check it out.  Fennel seared tuna, Israeli couscous, blood oranges, and pistachio bagna cauda, Avoid the craziness In Kenmore Square today. Stop by Moonshine for Industry Brunch from 12-3pm. Serving delicious food and drinks without crazy lines and wait times. We are just steps from the Broadway Red Line T stop so you'll still have plenty of time to make first pitch at 3:05 pm. Go Sox!
#moonshiners #bostonstrong, Such a beautiful day! No plans as of yet?

Here's an idea: We think you should join us for Brunch -kitchen open from 11 til  3-then walk on down to the NEW rock climbing gym in South Boston Rock Spot Climbing Boston-South Boston. Less than a ten minute walk from the restaurant! 

Sounds like a good day to us!!  #sundayfunday #moonshiners, Ron Swanson special: bacon wrapped shrimp, carved ham, cheddar frittata, and homefries, This weekend's special: Back by popular demand... braised rabbit, new potatoes, walnut-pepper sauce, and arugula, "Travel, Wine, and Dine" does a very complimentary writeup on the restaurant.  So psyched you enjoyed everything and included us in your travels!, Brave the hail and come visit Marc and Peter tonight.  They are the perfect cure for your humpday.  Two specials tonight: hot smoked salmon with hearts of palm, grilled asparagus, and walnut romesco. Also, Peter Cip's Tin Pan Alley cocktail!!, Edamame hummus with roasted radishes, green papaya, chili oil and homemade bagel chips, Pan-seared softshell crab with cucumber cilantro slaw, jalapeno drawn beer butter, We have a great idea!  
Why don't you skip work today ( or leave early if you're already there) and play hooky with us.
Braised rabbit Swanson special, cinnamon French toast sticks, tater tot poutine, High Life drafts and Bloody Mary's.

We won't tell anyone! We heard  and saw nothing!
#moonshiners #getswansonhere, Easter specials: cola baked ham with asparagus mushroom frittata and burrata cheese.  Also, braised Easter bunny and French toast sticks!! Come and get your Moonshine brunch on., The Swanson special for this weekend: Braised Easter bunny with rainbow carrots, spiced grits, and pesto. The way I'm sure he would have loved it., Come celebrate Easter this weekend and get a sneak peek at what chef Asia's been up to on the patio... also, we have pork belly ramen tonight!!, Beer battered softshell crab with orange radish salad with black garlic aioli and grilled asparagus, Psst...  We have Moonshine ramen this week!! Glazed pork belly, slow poached egg, oyster mushrooms, pickled mustard greens, and miso pork broth, Haven't made plans for Easter yet.. Look no further! Join us here at Moonshine for Chef's Asia's delicious menu.

Easter Sunday Specials include:
*Cinnamon French Toast Sticks w. blueberry maple butter
*Cola Braised Ham w. mushroom asparagus frittata & burrata cheese
 and last but definitely not least our Swanson Special
*Braised Easter Bunny w. spicy grits, rainbow carrots & pesto pan sauce. 

Easter Sunday hours will be from 11am-6pm. Give us a call at 617.752.4191 or find us on OpenTable to make your reservations now! http://www.opentable.com/moonshine-152, Last day for Ron Swanson BBQ Rib special. Served with two fried eggs, homefries and green papaya slaw. Serving brunch til 3pm this afternoon. .

Wash em down with a Seasonal Moonshine or a  High Life!, Boston Magazine features our quinoa salad with pickled green tea leaves--if you haven't tried it yet, come and grab some with chicken for today's Industry Brunch!  It'll help you undo some of your poor judgements last night..., It's a beautiful day in the neighborhood everyone!! It's a perfect day for a walk around South Boston. Make sure to treat yourself afterwards..
Serving Brunch until 3pm. Tater Tot Poutine, Ricotta Crepes, Bloody Mary & Mimosa's....

PS Easter Sunday is ONE week away. Still accepting reservations. Find us on OpenTable http://www.opentable.com/moonshine-152, Ron Swanson special this weekend: barbecue ribs and fried eggs with homefries and Amanda's special raspberry iced tea (black and green, the best stuff on earth!!)... comes with a fun random fact, of course., Tonight's special: Sausage and farro stuffed peppers with walnut romesco and sheep's milk cheese, Family staff meal tonight: Black garlic enchiladas, ginger sugar snap peas, and bacon pepperjack, The "Take Off Your Tie": rum, Don Q, Creole shrubb, house orgeat, and lime, Not working today? Come over to Southie and visit us! One block from the Broadway Red Line T Stop.  Industry Brunch 12-3 every Monday...

Corned beef hash, tater tot poutine, lobster grits,bloody Mary's & so much more!, This weekends Ron Swanson Special:

"I call this the Turf and Turf." Also whiskey and a cigar.  And I'm going to consume all of this because I am a free American.

Grilled Sirloin, corned beef hash, mashed potatoes, tobacco onion strings & a fried egg  $22

Whiskey and cigar not included. If Ron was here he'd pair his Turf and Turf with a glass of Lagavulin 16 but we think a bloody mary would do the trick as well!!

Hope to see you all soon!, One month at Moonshine, and on to our second burger!  Our general manager Amanda's favorite Russian dressing, shredded cabbage and jalapeno bacon, Special tonight: Cumin-yogurt marinated lamb skewers with carrot puree, creamy goat cheese, and sugar snap peas, It's our one month anniversary! Come celebrate with Peter, Chad, Jesse and Asia tonight...and cheers to all who have contributed to such a spectacular four weeks. We're just getting started!!, Our very own Mac Gostow ("bartender"/Jack of all trades) is written up on the Boston Globe's BDCWire. A small look into the unique experience that is working in Southie on parade day., Corned beef and chive mashed potatoes on parade!!, Tamago with crispy sushi rice cakes, candied ginger aioli, and blistered shishito peppers.  Also, we have corned beef today, of course., Way to go, everyone. What an amazing parade day... #moonshiners, you guys killed it!! So proud of everyone., The parade has passed... Come and get your corned beef and bratwurst sandwiches!! Available to go, of course., Told you we would have a leprechaun. Come on down... tons of corned beef and the staff is ready to go!!, This weekend's Swanson Special: "There has never been a sadness that can't be cured by breakfast food."
Pancake wrapped "pig in a blanket" with scrambled eggs, homefries, and spicy maple butter, Grilled mackerel with espelette peewee potatoes, crispy onions, and orange soy glaze. Tonight's addition to the menu... pairs perfectly with Jesse's Revival! (Gin, lemon, sake, and pear liquor), Come and celebrate the St. Patrick's Day Parade on Sunday at Moonshine!!  No cover charge, Mr. Jesse Dupuis and Chad Fox behind the bar, and enough corned beef sandwich specials to scare the bejeezus out of our prep team.  Oh yea, Green Jello Shots too, of course., Brunch Time! We've got you covered with Bloody Mary's, Mimosa's, Ron Swanson Specials and Tater Tot Poutine!

Brunch served Sat & Sun 11-3 and Mon 12-3, Georgina approves of the tater-tot poutine, Ron Swanson brunch special: bacon wrapped turkey leg with apple-boar stuffing and gravy. 
Come and get it.

"Bacon on a turkey leg--they call it a 'Swanson'.", Special tonight! Salmon tartare with orange spinach salad, fennel sauce, and crispy capers, We made it to Zagat's Top 10 Hottest Restaurants!!  Couldn't be more thankful for all the love and support flowing around these days, and it's a humbling and exciting moment to be featured with other incredible restaurants.  Come on over and say hello... and no, we are not doing Restaurant Week.  :), Planning for Lent? Roasted whole fish with sunchoke hash, mustard greens, and brown apple butter..., #lateniteBOS 

Late night doesn't have to mean unhealthy choices. Edamame hummus w. carrot & papaya slaw & roasted radish & Mixed green salad with kale chips and balsamic. Late night menu served daily from 10pm-130am!
#moonshiners #cleaneating, The Boston Globe writes up on the vibe at Moonshine during opening week.  Thanks to everyone who came by and made it an absolutely amazing time!!, Our sous chef, Dani G, modeling this winter's hottest oversized jacket styles. Of course, with nothing short of a Prada belt., Moonshine 152's first weekend Brunch has begun! This week's Ron Swanson Brunch special based on the quote " I'd go to a banquet in honor of those Somali pirates if they served bacon-wrapped shrimp." 

Bacon-wrapped shrimp, 2 fried eggs, homefries and grilled beer bread. $16

Wash it all down with a Bloody Mary or some fresh-brewed locally roasted Fazenda Coffee, What an amazing opening week. It's been great catching up with everyone and we are very proud of the team that's getting stronger by the day. If you haven't yet, it's time to come by and check out the #moonshiner experience. Here's a shot of our Tequila or Irish Whiskey Kimchi Backs., This weeks Ron Swanson inspired Brunch item:

"You had me at meat Tornado"
Grilled sirloin, pork belly hash, candied bacon & homefries, The time is now! Monday Industry Brunch @ Moonshine 152

Tater Tot Poutine!
red eye gravy, Chinese sausage, chopped white cheese, green onions  You know you want it..., Finish off your Sunday Funday with us! Kitchen open til 1:30 & Bar serving til 2. 

Don't forget tomorrow is our first Monday Industry Brunch 12-3pm. . We assure you it is not to be missed! Now accepting reservations (via telephone at 617.752.4191 or find us on OpenTable), Thanks to everyone for helping make our first night a success. 

Kitchen open til 1:30. Be the first of your friends to try Chef Asia's dirty fried rice.. Chinese sausage, pickles, scrambled egg, duck liver.. 

Words can't even express how good it is!, Tonight's the night!
Bar opens at 5pm. Dinner at 5:30!
Looking forward to seeing everyone tonight!

Just a heads up. NO Brunch this weekend! Getting ready for first Industry Brunch on Monday 12-3pm!, null, Oh baby., Urbandaddy.com does a really fun writeup and beautiful photo spread of our new dining room.  Come see it for yourselves next week when we open!!  (No exact day yet... thank the lovely weather for that), Over the moon and over the snow!! We are so close. Thanks to the Improper for some truly motivating support., Please join us in congratulating Amanda Rae on her last night  at the Barbara Lynch Gruppo, before she comes on full force at Moonshine 152 as general manager!!! Couldn't be more psyched to have her on board, and stay tuned, as we will be opening very soon!, Here's some fun blizzard reading for everyone.  Happy snow day!, Moonshine 152 is hosting open-call for Front of the House servers this Thursday on location from 2-7pm.  Please come by if interested!!, It was a groundbreaking day today... *wink wink*...and I couldn't be more excited for the direction that the restaurant and it's crew are taking!!
We are now opening up interviews for all front of the house server positions.  Please either get in touch with us through private message or email moonshine152@gmail.com. Non-team oriented, high drama/ego people need not apply., Oh yes it will!!, Caught in Southie interviews chef Asia and gets a more in depth view into the transitioning Franklin Southie into a new restaurant for the new year!  Read on for the first real looks into dinner and bar menu items..., Couldn't be more psyched to be mentioned in this Eater.com's article conversation involving such fantastic places as Moody's and Gene's Chinese Flatbreads.  And don't forget, come get a head start on how exciting things are getting, and join us for the New Year's Eve party on Wednesday on Franklin Southie's last night. No tickets, no pre-fixe, just a luge, Jesse Dupuis in a tuxedo, Moonshine Jello shots, and chefs Asia and Brian Reyelt cooking together again!!, Thank you, Caught in Southie!!!  Read up here on the big New Year's Eve party that the Franklin Southie and Moonshine are throwing.  You'll not want to miss this.  It will be the Franklin's last night!!, Eater.com discusses where you should be spending your New Year's Eve, chef Asia's late night dirty fried rice, and our Monday Industry Brunch.  Dirty., Now you know what to do on New Year's Eve!! Bostonchefs.com writes about my plans for Moonshine 152, and the big closing bash/welcoming party the Franklin Southie and I will be throwing!, null, One of our favorite local magazines, Caught in Southie, keeps all the local community support and anticipation going!!, One of chef Asia Mei's first interviews, by Boston Magazine, about the exciting plans for Moonshine 152..., Owner of the Franklin Southie speaks about Chef Asia's return to the space..., Eater.com is one of the first to hear what's in the works...)