List(As team leader, John Wall needs to regroup his guys in these final games of the season; help start rebuild for next year.

Also in today's pregame:

- Wizards playing for self-respect?

- Keef vs. his ex-teammates.

- Devin Booker the next #WizardsKiller?

- Looking at the BFF relationship between John Wall and his ex-Kentucky teammate Eric Bledsoe., BREAKING: It's all bad for the Washington #Wizards. Bradley Beal airs out his teammates. Marcin Gortat reacts. We sum up the madness here:, So things aren't going too well in DC this morning..., Good night Ted,
Good night Ernie, 
Good night Randy, 
Good night Wizards fans,, The Hammer vs. Boogie is an intense matchup, and one that both players take very personally.

They square off tonight at 10PM in Sacramento., The timer on the Wizards’ playoffs 'Saw' trap continues to rapidly wind down to a gruesome fatality after their loss to the Warriors., The Wizards barely have wiggle room to lose any more games. Not even the one against Golden State tonight., The Wizards knew the winning formula against the Hawks last night, but only for 24 minutes., The Wizards played the Hawks just two nights ago in Atlanta and got monster games from John Wall and Bradley Beal, knocked down 13 three's, and won by 15 points.

Can they keep their winning streak alive with another victory over the Hawks tonight in DC?, John Wall has been ballin' outrageous since rocking Jordan shoes. We think he needs to be the next man up on the Jumpman23 line., John Wall finished with 27 points and 14 assists.
Bradley Beal finished with 25 points on 5-6 shooting from 3.

The Wizards are nearly unstoppable when their dynamic backcourt duo is on their game, something they proved with their 15-point thrashing of the Hawks in Atlanta last night., The playoff train arrived a little late, but it's chugging.

Next stop: ILLadelphia.

We invite you to pregame here:, “Now we’re in it. Before, if we lose these two, we would have been out of it. We win these two, now we’re in the thick of things.” -- Jared Dudley, A lot of people said the Wizards were done. John Wall is like...why the f*** you lyin..., Two teams once with high expectations.

Two teams who have underachieved.

Two teams still battling for a playoff spot.

Wizards vs. Bulls tonight at Verizon Center, 7PM., WMATA shutting down service all day Wednesday., WWE. Washington Wizards Entertainment. They work us, night after night, for weeks and months at a time. Their story line progresses, predictably, like a middling jobber stuck in the mid-card. And then, just when we’re all about to tune out, they turn the script on us. They come out in a big match and perform like a headliner ready for the main event.

We all know they won’t get the big corporate push. We all know their story won’t go anywhere significant. We all know they won’t make it to the NBA’s Wrestlemania. We all know they won’t win any title of consequence.

Still….after games like last night, they keep us hoping: Maybe, just maybe, they will.

Such is the life of a Wizards fan., The last 5 games have been a glaring encapsulation of who the Wizards are and have been all season: pure pretenders., Another game lost via missed free throws and a squandered lead., In a classic point guard showdown between John Wall and Damian Lilliard, you gotta pick ya poison.

The two square off tonight in Portland at 10PM., Watch Drew Gooden get clowned by two kid reporters and his teammates., When the glee of playing in a nationally televised game becomes tormenting misery. A Wizards story:, Before we begin tonight in Cleveland, we send a big shout out to the greatest Wizards fan of all time., LeBron James is a pretty boring player when the lane is sealed off from him and he can't use his strength. The Wizards capitalized on this in their win over Cleveland back in December.

LeBron James is also a pretty bad team leader after his salty subtweet regarding Kyrie Irving, but it's exactly how we expect him to be.

In Wizards news: Alan Anderson is proving how great of an addition he is.

More in our #WizCavs pregame:, The Wizards bench slaughtered some Wolves last night, outscoring them 64-18; leading Wiz to their 4th straight win., Any time you get 10+ assists from Wall and 25+ points from Beal on the same night >>>

#HouseOfGuards
#Squad, The Wizards are putting together wins again and they look like they're back to having fun again. That could be bad news for the Eastern Conference., #WizWolves pregame buzz:

Looking at Wolves' fountain of youth

Gortat vs KAT

Could Shabazz Muhammad be a potential #WizardsKiller tonight?, It's not really surprise when you realize the Wizards front office has significantly overpaid for the level of performance it has received., The wonderful sights and sounds from Wizards-Cavs this past weekend., It got a little too close for comfort for the Wizards in their victory over the Sixers tonight but they pulled off their sixth win in a row at home and John Wall had a message for the fans..., The Wizards took advantage of the Cavaliers decision to rest LeBron James and treated the Verizon Center Sunday faithful to 50% off Papa Johns and some 'oh's and ah's' from John Wall, Marcin Gortat and company., Turning points: Back-to-back-to-back three pointers by Otto Porter sends the Cavaliers into a timeout to start the second half., null, The sorry Sixers have allowed 121.5 points per game to their last 6 opponents not named Wizards. The Wizards scored *just* 103 points against them on Friday night.

We're looking for some sheer offensive brutality tonight:, null, The Wizards pounded the Cavs without LeBron yesterday afternoon, who sat out the game for rest. REST., John 'The Glyde' Wall.

He finished with 21 points and 12 assists in 29 minutes, sat out the entire 4th quarter.

Kyrie's Cavs: 19 total assists in 48 minutes., All the DMV LeBron fans who bought tickets for today's game.

He's sitting today's game out (rest/soft)., The Wizards apparently have a habit of underestimating inferior opponents. That wouldn't be a good idea against the 8-win Philadelphia 76ers., The Wizards got trolled by Benny the mascot and a skeleton Bulls team in Chicago., Washington Wizards injury update: Alan Anderson is IN., Chicago Bulls injury update: Derrick Rose is OUT., The Wizards have won 6 of their last 7 games in Chitown (including the 2014 playoffs). Will their Matadorian dominance continue?, This :50 second stretch of basketball from John Wall is what is commonly referred to as 'the zone.', A NOLA party in DC last night. A NOLA party in our blog this morning!

John Wall got a triple double.

Marcin Gortat got a double double

Jared Dudley hit six 3-pointers.

But above all, the Wizards were able to hold Anthony Davis to just 9 points after dropping 59 the game before., John Wall driving home after a triple double like, The late-season playoff push has commenced. The Wizards and Pelicans are both in a state of urgency. Go time is NOW., Despite the Wizards being a playoff team with a superstar point guard, fan engagement continues to be an issue.

John Wall has noticed it, and so it needs to be addressed., For those still holding on to hope here's a WOJbomb for ya., Morris Twins Reunion tonight!?

Newly acquired Wizard Markieff Morris' twin brother plays for the Pistons, who are in town tonight. The Wizards are still awaiting Kris Humphries and Dejuan Blair to pass their physicals in Phoenix before Kieff can be cleared to play for the Wizards. Stay tuned., As the regular season winds down to the final 30 or so games, the Wizards and Pistons are dueling for a playoff spot, making tonight more than just another game., Charles Barkley OBLITERATED Marcin Gortat's name., There were many factors as to the Wizards were able to dominate Utah last night, but the true game summary is this:

Washington had John Wall. Utah didn't., Amid all the trade deadline hoopla, the Wizards still have a game to play tonight. 

The first game after the All-Star break and the first game of a back-to-back-to-back as the Wizards set to take on the Utah Jazz at Verizon tonight., The Wizards have acquired Markieff Morris in a trade with the Phoenix Suns in exchange for Dejuan Blair, Kris Humphries, and a protected 1st round pick.

Here are the pros, cons, risks, rewards, and overall grading of the deal., John Wall and Fab 💯, #KeepKelly #Shhh, How the Wizards choose to handle Kelly Oubre during this trade season will tell you a lot about the Wizards., John Wall had a great #WallStar weekend. And he deserved every minute of it., It's been amazing to watch this young man grow so much the last 5 years. Incredible basketball talent. Even better human being. John Wall, AllStar, on and off the court., John Wall's Valentine's Day advice:

"Get her flowers, and remember her name.", The Wizards began last night's contest in Milwaukee with a regular heartbeat, but due to a plummeting field goal percentage as the night wore on, they flat lined by game's end.

We've got your medical report:, The Wizards going into the All-Star break with a season sweep of an Eastern Conference foe would be a great accomplishment., Still Your Favorite Point Guard's Favorite Point Guard John Wall posts his 2nd game this season with 25+ Pts and 15+ Ast. The rest of the NBA combines for 3 such games., Bernie Sanders getting buckets by the plenty., As part of our Wizards-Knicks pregame, we pay homage to the new Knicks head coach., The dramatism of this photo is on Lion King Mufasa being thrown off a cliff levels., We may be closer to the Wizards unveiling their stretch-4 Otto Porter Jr. plan. Two points: what the hell took so long and if Skip Bayless is against Otto how can we not be for Otto?, Bradley Beal makes Wizards fans wish we played the 76ers every night. Footwork on fleek., The year is 2043. Wall's #2 jersey hangs from VC rafters. An 83 yr old Coach Wittman remains on #Wizards sideline., Michael Jordan. Kobe Bryant. Bradley Beal., John Wall messed around last night and got a triple-double (18 pts, 10 ast, 13 reb) against the Sixers.

It Was A Good Day :), After a brutal 5-game stretch, the Wizards should get some temporary relief vs. the Sixers tonight. SHOULD. However, there are a few things of importance to note about tonight's possible 'trap' game:

Remember Marcin Gortat's vow for vengeance against Jahil Okafor after a preseason game in which Okafor scored 12 points and hit numerous shots over Gortat? Well, he gets his chance tonight.

Ish Smith, a player previously waived by the Wizards, has been on fire for the Sixers, putting up career numbers as a starter. Yeah, this one has #WizardsKiller written all over it.

More pregame stuff below:, Earlier today, 106.7 The Fan published an article blaming DC fans for Kevin Durant possibly not choosing to sign with the Wizards this summer. 

There are many reasons why KD won't choose DC, but the fans are the least of them. We explain:, Wizards-Warriors was like a basketball version of 'Gladiator'., null, Sights and sounds from Wizards-Warriors last night at the Verizon Center., Yeah, we're just about every bit of pessimistic about this one., The Wizards window for error was bolted shut in OKC last night, and so they suffocated. 

Too much KD (28 points), too much Russell Westbrook (another triple-double), and not enough hustle from the Wizards.

Here's the breakdown:, A signature matchup between John Wall and Russell Westbrook.

The status of KD2DC.

And another opportunity to make fun of Dion Waiters., Chef Curry comes to DC on Wednesday night and as an appetizer, we compare his phenomenal shooting numbers to a few DC greats., After dropping 3 straight games now and allowing an average of 113 points in those losses, the Wizards have still yet to establish their identity, and are searching for answers., John Wall has been named an Eastern Conference All-Star.

W⭐️LLST⭐️R, null, null, "You would imagine on a night after getting blasted at home and suffering a season sweep to the Boston Celtics that the Wizards - for the sake of dignity, for the sake of mere manhood in the face of their professional peers, in the face of their wives and girlfriends, mistresses and lovers; their children!!! - would lay out on the line whatever it is athletes carry in moments of adversity to avoid getting blasted on the road, and suffering a season sweep to yet another Eastern Conference rival, the Toronto Raptors. Luckily, imagination is a wonderful thing. For Wizards fans, it's become the only thing.", "The Wizards are like a 2-liter of flat Fanta grape soda. There was so much excitement when I bought it. The first few gulps were delicious (preseason), but my kids forgot to put the cap on tight and when I came back for more, it was flat. No more bubbles, just flat sugar water. A tad bit tastier than ‘hot dog water’ (shout to Chris Miller), but still nasty.", Just when things couldn't get worse after losing to Boston for the 4th time this season and blown out for the 2nd time....

Bradley Beal is OUT indefinitely with a broken nose. 

Will the bleeding ever stop?, Last night was just all types of ugly. When will it end?, Wizards-Celtics game summary., The Wizards seem like a team that would struggle thru cabin fever withdrawal. We certainly hope not.

Your Wizards-Celtics game preview:, Blizzard > Wizards.

The game against the Utah Jazz that was scheduled for tomorrow night has been postponed., We're thrilled to introduce to you a new Hoop District exclusive: a highlight video featuring the top plays from each Wizards game. If you want John Wall dishing nifty passes, Bradley Beal airing it out from long range, or Marcin Gortat destroying the rim, you'll find it all in our exclusive highlight reel each morning after the games.

Let's start off with highlights from last night's blowout win over Miami., A weather map of the DMV last night, between approximately the hours of 7:00 PM and 9:30 PM, thanks to the Wizards turning up the Heat on Miami., What is this team? And what are we supposed to believe about them? Contender? Certainly not. Pretender? Evidently so. Whichever way you want to lean, there’s no question the Wizards have been an absolute sh*t show of confusion., Another bad game for John Wall = another bad loss for the Washington Wizards., Optimism! 4 straight wins! We’ve reached .500! The playoffs are back in the picture! 

Can the Wizards keep it up?, CJ Miles and Paul George torched the Wizards back in November to the blaze of a combined 15 three-point shots.

But the Wizards are also a good 3-point shooting team, ranking 5th in the league in percentage. Tonight, they seek justice for the arson committed on their floor a few months ago., There are plenty reasons for why John Wall should be in the All-Star Game next month in Toronto. But there is a good argument for why he shouldn't.

We play advocate for both sides., A Hoop District delicacy: DC Cooked Venison

Ingredients:

1 All-Star Point Guard
1 Returning (All-Star Caliber) Shooting Guard
41 Bench points
12 Three Pointers
27 Assists

For cooking instructions, click here:, The Wizards have been a weird home team, having lost 11 of their 19 games played here this season. We think we know why., When the Wizards step into the United Center ring in Chicago, they dominate it. Another road game in the Windy City, another big win., Another shot at an inter-conference rival and hopefully not another submission to them.

Wizards-Raptors tips off at 7PM tonight at the Verizon Center., The Wizards were outlasted by the Cavaliers on Wednesday night thanks to the mere exploitation of their defense by way of an ISO-heavy attack orchestrated by LeBron James, JR Smith, and Kyrie Irving.

Check out some post-game interviews by the Wizards as well as LeBron and Kyrie explaining how the night unfolded., Too much JR Smith (25 points). Too much LeBron James (34 points). And WAY too much Kyrie Irving (19 points in the 4th quarter alone). 

The Wizards were out-coached and outplayed down the stretch, and would eventually fall to the Cavs 121-115 for their second straight home loss. We narrate:, A quick reminder that there is no love lost between Wizards fans and LeBron James.

Also a reminder that LeBron is a pretty bad shooter and if he is kept away from the rim, most likely the Cavs will be kept away from a win.

Tonight will also mark the first matchup between Wall and Kyrie., Need another reason to boo LeBron tonight? Per CSN's Chris Miller, LeBron - a die hard Cowboys fan - said "Go Packers" during the Cavs morning shoot around., It's Wizards-Cavs Day!

Let us revisit their last meeting from early December where John Wall finished with 35 points, 10 assists, and 5 steals. Marcin Gortat had 15 points, 11 rebounds, and 5 blocks. The Wizards won 97-85., Here's a hot take for your bitterly cold Tuesday: if a man without arms can make lemonade out of lemons, an All-Star point guard without an adequate supporting cast can make assists out of passes. And if said All-Star point guard is the absolute best at what he does, he'll make so many of those assists that he earns top player honors in his conference for the month of December., Bradley Beal and Alan Anderson getting their advocacy on at the White House.

#ExecutiveWizards, Shout to John Wall for earning the Eastern Confernce Player of the Month!

22.6pts, 11.7ast, 4.8reb, 2.3stl, and 13 double-doubles.

#NBAVote, A forgettable night for John Wall, but his off-night reminded us of his insurmountable worth., The Wizards ended their year with late-game flounders, leaving them just short of a win in Canada., The Hollywood version of "Eddie" certainly provided a happy ending for viewers, and newly acquired Jarell made sure his version did too. The Wizards were barren to the bone, downtrodden by injuries. He became their salvation.

Here's how Jarell Eddie became the Wizards' version of a walk-on hero., Late pixels on Marcin Gortat's surge; Jarell Eddie's walk-on heroism; and the Wizards beat down in Brooklyn on Saturday night:, ‘Twas two nights before Christmas and all through The Booth
John Wall was dishing and swishing the hoop
The passes were slung to open teammates with care
In hopes that open shooters strokes would be there
The threes rained down a snug forty four percent
While the Grizzlies of Memphis fell flat and left dead
Double-doubles again from Gortat and Wall
John once again proving he balls better than all

Oubre again soaring, climbing the ladder
Garrett’s twenty again made Brad’s absence not matter
Away through the defense Wall flew like a flash
Controlling the tempo and throwing up cash

The moon finally set on another triumphant show
Gave lustre to a streak up to three in a row
And we all exclaimed joyously “our team’s gettin right!”
Merry victory to Wall, and to all a good night., "With injuries depleting the Wizards, John Wall has become the doctor responsible for keeping the Wizards alive. And he has responded, keeping the Wizards on ICU season on life support. He is using PhD level basketball IQ to analyze defenses, and using the basketball as his scalpel to slice up defenses with surgical precision.", There's a new guy at the office! The Wizards have waived Ryan Hollins and have signed Jarrel Eddie from the D-League. The move was made in hopes of adding some depth on the wings with the injuries to Beal, Otto, and Gary Neal.

Here's everything you need to know about him., The Wizards survived a 7-man lineup against the Sacramento Kings thanks to 3 things:

John Wall's career-high 19 assists.
Garrett Temple's career-high 23 points.
Marcin Gortat's 27 points (21 in first half) and 16 rebounds.

The big question is: How long can Randy Wittman withstand such an injury-riddle roster?, John Wall is EVERYTHING.

We recount his historic night against the Kings., Keep tabs on John Wall tonight. He has 11 assists at the half against Sacramento. His career high is 18., Randy Wittman has had to get real creative with his depleted roster, using the most random of combinations of players to try and make due with all the injuries.

How long can he withstand the overcrowded nurse's office?, Wizards-Hornets tips off tonight at 7PM tonight at the Verizon Center.

What to watch: How the Wizards will continue to ruin our lives.

Key matchup: The "soft" Wizards vs. their home crowd?

X-factor: No Al Jefferson tonight for Charlotte (suspension)

Fun factor: It's throwback night!, A Wizards win tonight may leave a head coach jobless tomorrow. And no, we're not talking about Randall., Wizards-Rockets tips off at the Verizon Center at 7PM tonight!

WHAT TO WATCH:

- The Wizards interior vs. Dwight Howard (Marcin Gortat is back!)

- The Wizards defense vs. 3-PT shooting (it's been really bad)

- Which version of James Harden will we see tonight? (Will or will he not be stirring the pot?)

Pregame with us here:, The best way to get your week of Wizards basketball going is taking a look in our Crystal Ball.

On tap this week:

Fear the Beard.
Fear the Brow.
Fear Wes Matthews?, How bad are the Wizards defending the 3-point line this season? They've allowed opponents to shoot 5.6% above their season average.

That's alarming, and needs to change soon. Let us explain:, The Wizards may need the absolute best of Ryan Hollins tonight, but sadly may see the very worst of him. This is an actual problem in our depressing basketball lives as Wizards fans.

John Wall Update: He told the media today that if he feels comfortable enough to play on his bruised knee, he will. For now, his status remains questionable., The good news is that John Wall has no structural damage in his knee after banging it against a defender last night. His status for tonight still remains unknown.

The bad news is the Wizards couldn't defend the 3-point line for their life. Wes Matthews made 10 of 17 three-pointers alone.

Here's how it all went down:, A full recount of Kobe Bryant's final visit to DC in all its pandemonium., Kobe's last two points ever in DC. A backbreaker for the Wizards., The Black Mamba, taking the floor in DC for the last time., DC bids farewell to the Mamba tonight., Game notes and commentary; the MVP and LVP of the game; and Vine highlights of a very 'therapeutic' victory for the Wizards in Cleveland last night., How do you snap out of a 4-game losing streak?

You go into Cleveland to face the top team in the East, force their superstar in LeBron James to commit 9 turnovers, have your superstar in John Wall score a double-double with 35 points and 10 assists to go with 5 steals, also have your center drop a double-double with 14 points and 11 rebounds, and you promptly beat the Cavaliers by double-digits, 97-85.

THAT'S HOW., During this current 4-game slide, the Wizards are shooting 37% as a team, committing 18 turnovers per game, and scoring just 88 points per game. Through 18 games, the WINLESS 76ers are shooting 41%, committing 19 turnovers, and scoring 91 points per game. So not only are the Wizards not playing winning caliber basketball, but they’re actually playing winless caliber basketball. They need to turn it around, NOW., Hard to put in words how much more fun Martell Webster made that #Wizards locker room. Sources have confirmed the Wiz are planning to waive Webster, who's season ended due to an ailing back, to make room for incoming free agent Ryan Hollins.

Thanks for the memories, Martell. You will be dearly missed., What in the world is wrong with John Wall and the Wizards!? Last night's brutal last second defeat to the Raptors marks the 4th straight loss for this team, putting them at 6-8 on the season.

John Wall missed two critical free throws to put the Wizards up 3, and frankly, missed way too many shots (he went 6-for-25). 

Marcin Gortat pleaded with fans, players, and media to refrain from being too negative, but I'm not sure it's that easy. The Wizards are 2 games under .500 now, and yes it is still early, but adjustments need to be made soon before the team loses grip.

Oh, and the Wizards play the Cavs next. Fun times., While Wizards fans are a bit salty over the team's recent struggles, here's a reminder for tonight that no fan base is saltier than the ones up North. These shirts were being sold outside a Raptors game this season, 6 months after they were swept. #TheSaltIsReal #TakeTheNorth, Tonight's X-Factor: Wizards need to guard the perimeter vs. Celtics, who average 28 3-point attempts per game but make only 31% of them. 

After getting rocked by the Pacers and suffering one of the biggest collapses in franchise history against the Hornets, snapping a miserable 2-game losing streak is on the line tonight for the Wizards.

Tip off in Beantown: 7:30 PM., MJ Crying Face may never be more relevant., Reactions, post-game video, Vine-lights and everything else you need to help you understand how Paul George and CJ Miles lit up the Wizards in Chinatown last night.

The two combined for 72 points on 15-17 shooting from downtown in a 123-106 Pacers win. The Wizards shot just 33% from the field in the 2nd half and gave up 25 points off turnovers., A stacked week of Wizards basketball lies ahead of us, starting with Paul George and the Pacers tonight.

What to watch, key matchups, fun factors and predictions here in our Crystal Ball.., Monday got us feeling like Ilyasova trying to guard John Wall., Wizards fans have always been LeBron's #1 haters, as evidenced in this photo from one year ago today., Your Wizards-Pistons pregame, where we examine the many varieties of #SVGFace... and other things.

Tonight's tip-off in Detroit is at 7:30 PM., Per Washington Wizards:

John Wall keeping it 100 for the MVP Bryce Harper., DC MVP's:

Alex Ovechkin ✓

Bryce Harper ✓

It's only right for you-know-who to follow the pattern.

#SOON, Congrats to Bryce Harper UNANIMOUSLY winning the NL MVP!

#dcRISING, RELATED: Ramon Sessions has also missed more layups (13) than he's made this season (11) --> on.nba.com/1l7zEuw, The Wizards trashed the Bucks last night in DC with a 29-point victory. This is what happens when the league's fastest-paced team faces the league's slowest. 

Six Wizards players finished with double figures, led by John Wall and Otto Porter who scored 19 apiece.

Jared Dudley finally had his breakout game of the season, playing his role of a stretch-4 to near perfection by knocking down 3 of 4 shots from downtown. 

By scoring 115 points and only allowing 86, the Wizards proved that they can remain a hard-nosed defensive minded team without sacrificing good offense., Bradley Beal will miss his 3rd straight game with an injured shoulder., Today, the NBA recognized John for his insurmountably positive presence in the community with the 'NBA Cares Community Assist Award' for the month of October. Wall’s response to the award couldn’t have been a better one. In fact, it should be engraved in the minds of every professional athlete who’s privileged enough to impact the lives of those who are not so privileged:

“I was not put on this earth just to be a basketball player. I’m blessed to have the opportunity to help those who are less fortunate, and support them in any way I can.”

A *100 emoji* for John. He'll be recognized for his efforts during the Wizards-Bucks game in DC tonight., Have a little bit of John Wall cross-court bounce passing to Garrett Temple to complement your morning., Kris Humphries' career night. Ramon Sessions' forgettable one. Game notes, Vine-lights. Your Wizards-Magic Notebook:, Wizards pregame includes French National Anthem #Paris https://vine.co/v/iB6xmpWv32I, Tonight in DC, it's De-Ja-Vucevic! The Wizards bigs need to figure out their rebounding woes and the defense as a whole needs to figure out how to stop the ball.

-> Bradley Beal is questionable tonight still nursing his injured shoulder. 

-> Tonight's fun factor: with the combination of Kelly Oubre, Elfrid Payton, and Evan Fournier, there's going to be a large wave of funky hair on the floor tonight.

In all seriousness..the Wizards need to get past their demoralizing loss to OKC and find their way back to winning basketball games.

Pregame with us here.., This picture paints a sick depiction of arguably the most momentous turning point in Washington’s basketball franchise history. The once face of the city in Gilbert Arenas, swiftly turning into a “gone too soon” Etch-a-Sketch image of a popular athlete who would become just another memory in the history of failed DC Sports. And then there's John Wall, an embryonic pre-adult still yet to be fully versed in the ways of professional basketball and all its intense magnitude, pegged as the savior of a luckless franchise that was on the cusp of its biggest roster overhaul ever., The Wizards are hot garbage., Hurricane Russ hit DC last night. Click here for the latest reports on the Wizards wreckage., "Contrary to how it may seem, if there’s any night to go all out #KD2DC mode, tonight is NOT it. Tonight is the night to let the Wizards know that you’ll root for them just as hard in 2017 with or without Kevin Durant. Tonight is the night to boo the opponent louder than usual, and to boo KD at the free throw line in the fourth quarter out of sincere passion for a Wizards win, and not out of sincere passion for free chicken.

If you really want Kevin Durant to come home to DC, show him it’s not because you love him, but because you LOVE DC. That’s the love he’ll respect. Otherwise, we don’t deserve him anyway.", Turnovers are killing the Wizards through six games this season, but that's not all that's wrong., The Wizards have totaled 50 turnovers over the past two games. John Wall and Bradley Beal combined for 15 last night in Atlanta. To make matters worse for DC, Beal left the game with an injured shoulder.

Welcome to the latest version of #SoWizards., Tonight's Main Event: The Battle of the Bradley's! PREGAME for Wizards-Celtics with us here:, A little morning fun to compensate for your burnt bagel..

When Tony Parker nailed a game-tying 3 with 11 seconds left in regulation, the Wizards bench reacted accordingly, giving off facial expressions very similar to other popular Internet images., Tales from the Booth: #Wizards vs. #Spurs. Pregame sights and sounds + postgame locker room scenes., The Beal Love Train chugs along early in the season after our new and improved, ruthless shooting guard stuck a dagger into the hearts of the San Antonio Spurs., Fighting through a series of 4th quarters. Overcoming Kawhi Leonard. Hitting a game-winning dagger over the Spurs.

Bradley Beal is The Dragon Warrior., #Wizards Bradley Beal has put the league on notice. First #dagger of the year comes at expense of the #Spurs., Only three games into the season and stakes are crucially high for the Wizards. An early season series of Saw traps have them facing the Spurs tonight, the Hawks on Saturday, and OKC on Tuesday.

Here's why overcoming these tough matchups will turn a new corner for the Wizards this season., A huge early-season litmus test for the Wizards tonight if they want to start turning heads., No better way to prep for a week of Wizards basketball than our Crystal Ball. This week's matchups:

HOME vs. the Spurs
AT the Celtics
AT the Hawks

PEEP IT:, Wizards home opener tonight! Be sure to follow us on Snapchat!, It's Halloween and Kevin Seraphin is dressed up as a Knickerbocker. Your #Wizards-#Knicks pregame:, Nene heard your complaints and the reports of his demise have been greatly exaggerated. #NeneHands, Bradley Beal with the vicious step back. Part of his clutch 4th quarter against the Bucks., #Wizards move to 2-0 on the backs of Beal, Wall and Sessions. Beal tells Comcast SportsNet Chris Miller: "No one can stop me. It's plain and simple", #Wizards basketball resumes tonight in Milwaukee as the team pursues a 2-0 start! As part of the preparation for tonight, here's a  valuable reminder for the Wizards to stay clear of any open-top drinks near Jason Kidd. 

That hilarious memory of Kidd, plus everything else you need to know about tonight's game is all here in the link below so, please, pregame with us..., Here's your full quarter-by-quarter breakdown of the Wizards' season opener against the Magic, with a lot of video., Whose world is it? John Wall's. #closer.

The game winner >>, WIZARDS WIN!!!!

John Wall saved this one for the Wiz on multiple occasions and a GUSTY 4th quarter performance.

His final stat line - NASTY: 22 pts, 7 reb, 6 ast, 3 steals and a career high 5...count 'em FIVE blocks.

Of course, it wouldn't be a Wizards opener if it didn't make us sweat a little. The Wizards squeezed this one out 88-87 and give coach Randy Wittman a much earned birthday win.

1 down. 81 to go.

#MyWizards, Wizards tip off against the Magic in less than 30 minutes. As the new season gets underway, here is a a friendly reminder to all Wiz fans to please give us a follow on Twitter @HoopDistrictDC for the most entertaining in-game tweets and instant highlights by way of Vine.

As we do every year, we will continue to work relentlessly all season long and into the playoffs (and hopefully the Finals) to bring you the best homegrown Wizards coverage on this side of the Potomac. 

Let's get it, Wizards., Just over 2 hours left until Wizards basketball officially tips off for the 2015-16 season. First stop: ORLANDO. Here's everything you need to know about tonight's game., What will be your #Wizards season opener pregame hype music? We share ours here:, Courtesy of whichever genius at Bullets Forever, the Washington Wizards' opponent tonight:, The Cavs and Bulls are that the forefront of the Eastern Conference. The Wizards need to do something about that. That's why this season is even bigger than you may think it is., DC's newest treasure: Marcin Gortat's #Hammerdown campaign. MG will donate $200 for every block he records this season to various local charities. A minimum of $2,000 is guaranteed to each charity but if Gortat's block numbers are similar to last season, total donation could exceed $21,000., The NBA is back!! Which means our weekly Crystal Ball is back!!

Here's our forecast for the inaugural week of #Wizards basketball, starting with the season opener tomorrow night in Orlando against the Magic, a trip to Milwaukee to face the Bucks on Friday, and the mega-anticipated season opener on Halloween night against the Knicks., ayyoo....#Wizards basketball is very near...., Our last post about Flip Saunders before moving on..., Short footage of Flip and John Wall during practice, Oct. 2010. #RIPFlip, A Hoop District tribute to a good man: When it goes beyond the game.

#RIP Flip., Our condolences to the entire Saunders family. Lost a good man today. RIP Flip., Tonight, the Wizards face the Raptors in Montreal for their final preseason game.

This serves as a great opportunity to bring up all things related to the Wizards' 1st round destruction of Toronto in last year's playoffs. Join in the fun here., Here's our quarter-by-quarter breakdown of #Wizards #Heat from last night (with video)., BREAKING: James Harden reacts to news that Khloe and Lamar have called off their divorce.., To pregame for tonight's matchup against the Heat, we take a look at some of the production from a vastly improved bench unit for the Wizards:

Drew Gooden (4 games): 9.3 PTS, 4.8 REB, 8-19 3PT
Dejuan Blair (3 games): 13 PTS 8.3 REB, still 0 ACLs
Gary Neal (5 games): 10.4 PTS, 8-14 3PT
Ramon Sessions (5 games): 8.2 PTS, 6.8 AST, *2 games with double-digit assists.

The Miami Heat bring in a bench unit that is quite similar in strength. Their newly acquired 6th man, Gerald Green, has been averaging 15 points a contest in the preseason and shooting just around 38% from downtown. His presence is accompanied by Rasual Butler’s murderer James Ennis, a refurbished Amar’e Stoudamire, Mario Chalmers, O.G. Udonis Haslem, rookie Justise *with an S* Winslow, and Chris Andersen., John Wall once told us he keeps tabs every time he hears criticism or disrespect coming from the NBA or the media. The latest GM survey simply adds fuel to his fire. First, he is left out of the list of top 5 point guards (Mike Conley!?). He is then left out of the list of top 5 passers (when's the last time Rondo did ANYTHING?).

What gives?, Here are three primary reasons why the Wizards could be one of the deepest teams in the league this season., John Wall will NOT be suiting up for the Wizards tonight. He has been excused to participate in the Light the Night Walk in honor of Miyah., Wizards face the Bucks in Milwaukee tonight. Their first back-to-back challenge on the road. Tip-off at 8:30 PM., Joel Embiid's dietary habits are very Kwame Brown-like.

From UPROXX:

“This type of disregard for instruction also extends to Embiid’s dietary habits. Per a source, the Sixers’ training staff was so concerned about what he was eating, they stocked the refrigerator in his downtown hotel residence each week with healthy food. When a staffer went to restock the fridge each week, most everything was uneaten and unopened, and they were throwing out the fruits and vegetables every week. When the team subsequently asked to see Embiid’s room service bill, they found that most days he was ordering junk food along with his signature beverage, a pitcher of Shirley Temples. Embiid also was frequently seen feasting on chicken fingers and hot dogs at and after games.”, Shirley Temples, hot dogs, jorts, and an unexpected World of Warcraft analogy.

Wizards-Sixers tips off from Philly at 7PM tonight. Here's a really weird preview., FINALLY! The NBA Basketball is back! It’s been a long time. And because “It’s been a long time,” there’s only one way to appropriately get ready for this season: A Wizards-Heavy NBA Season Preview based on a verse by verse breakdown of Eric B and Rakim’s epic, often sampled but never duplicated, “I Know You Got Soul”. So plug in your eyeball’s, cause here it go!, #TBT

Sadly, this would be one of the last favorable moments in a career severed way too soon. In the next few hours after this shot, Gilly will have quarreled with teammate Javaris Crittenton over a card game. In five days from this moment, guns would be drawn in the locker room. 

Gilbert’s stat line in this game is peak sadness: 45 points and 13 assists., Big shout out to Scott Van Pelt for saying what so many of us were thinking while Lamar Odom fights for his life. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1zlo2bG5vBs, John Wall is unquestionably Washington's "point gawd and savior". He is also your favorite point guard's favorite point guard. Here's why., Grantland's Andrew Sharp speaks on the rise of OttoBall in DC. With a few Vine's from yours truly to assist in visuals. Can't deny the weight room sessions with Marcin Gortat are helping this man's game grow too., A new feature on Hoop District to be posted each morning: "The Morning Wiz" - may be read with or without coffee., From Jorge Castillo at Washington Post The man of the house: John Wall’s Wizards leadership is now on point http://t.co/QWcHPFY64S http://t.co/EIFMhQZsIN, Wizards-Knicks tonight!

Here are a few things to watch for in preseason game #2:

The Return of Snakey! Kevin Seraphin - a current New York Knick - returns to Verizon Center as an enemy for the first time. His status for the game is still listed as doubtful, but it'll still be surreal to see him snapchatting on the opposite bench.

Is this Kris Humphries 3-point thing for real? Hump is the lead candidate to provide full-time stretch 4 services. His extended range was evident on Tuesday, can he keep it up?, Need a ride? Get an Oubre!, Ramon Sessions has a spirit Nickelodeon character: Tommy Pickles from Rugrats.

More on Razor Ramon here: http://hoopdistrict.net/ramon-sessions-on-wizards-its-time-to-knock-the-door-down/, "Last couple years they’ve been knocking on the door. It’s time to knock that door down.", John Wall's passes are becoming even more skillful than before (if that's even remotely possible). In traffic on the baseline, he put a spin on this pass to Otto in the corner., Of course it’s only one meaningless basketball game, but if the way the Wizards played last night is in ANY WAY indicative of what’s to come this season, there's plenty to be hyped up about., And it's only game 1 of the preseason. Buckle up #Wizards fans., Otto Porter's 1st quarter stats: 4-6 FG, 2-2 from 3, 12 points and your girlfriend's heart., BREAKING: Bradley Beal is wearing a headband., John Wall is ready!!, As part of an annual NBA tradition, the Wizards will host an open practice on Columbus Day (Monday, October 12), FREE to the public.

Come through the Verizon Center around 11:00am on Monday to take part in several concourse activities including face painting, poster making, and inflatable games.

Ennis Whatley and Awvee Storey of the Bullets & Wizards Alumni Association will also be on hand to sign autographs.

Fans will be invited into the arena around 11:45am and the practice will be from 12pm-1pm., WIZARDS BASKETBALL IS BACK!!!! Tonight's preseason opener against the Sixers tips off at 7pm at the Verizon Center.

Here are five things to watch for:

- The inaugural #WittmanFace of 2015-16

- A D.C. Revolution: Wizards going with more small ball lineups/faster pace

- The evolution of Bradley Beal

- How much of Martell do we have left?

- Will Nene move to backup center?, We caught up with Bradley Beal at Wizards Media Day this week to talk All-Star aspirations, the agony of not having milk for your cereal, and.....what if Don Trump became Wizards owner. His reaction was hilarious., We never mind if you use our pictures but be a pal and give credit where credit is due. Hoop District / Joe Glorioso, The first of several posts bringing you wall-to-wall coverage of Wizards Media Day 2015. Here's a full visual recap of yesterday's happenings at the Verizon Center., Tag team champions!

Kelly Oubre Jr. and G-Man.

#Wizards #MediaDay2015, An update on the GOP race:

We asked a few players if Donald Trump became Wizards owner, would they demand a trade or seek a max deal? Otto Porter and Ramon Sessions are taking the max deal. Bradley Beal said he'd be OUT., BREAKING: Hoop District is now Polish Hammer-approved., With Wizards Media Day coming up this Monday followed by training camp and preseason, we invite all Wizards fans to add us on Snapchat! We will be snapping the Wiz all season long from the Verizon Center, continuing to bring you the most entertaining Wizards coverage you'll find on the web., Marcin Gortat taking over your photobooth like, REMINDER: We support any and all #DynamicDuos in this city. #dcRISING #WizSkins, Using the Kanye scale, how confident are you about the Wizards this season?

10: Untouchable
1: squid brains, Per Jorge Castillo: 18 of the 19 players reporting for #Wizards training camp are in town. Marcin Gortat, who recently played for Poland, is expected tomorrow.

Here's a live look-in at Gortat heading into DC:, Meanwhile, Otto Porter rocks a "Minions" laplander hat during his shoot. Silly Wizards. (Photo courtesy of Washington Wizards), Per this video courtesy of the Washington Wizards, it looks like Bradley Beal will be sporting a headband this season.

We approve., The Wizards have officially announced plans for their new state-of-the art practice facility to be located in the Ward 8 neighborhood of Southeast DC.

A state-of-the art practice facility that would appeal to the players on the team and attract any future free agent of high regard *perhaps one that is from a neighborhood only a few miles away*, while also serving as a tool and foundation for economic growth in one of the poorest areas of the country…well, it doesn’t get any classier than that., New Episode! Here's what's in store:

Here’s what else is in store:

- Segment 1: The NBA schedule release, the Wizards’ identity, and Randy Wittman.

HOW in the world did the Wizards only earn five national TV games? Did Paul Pierce mean that much?

What is the theme for the Wizards this season? How important of a year is it for the #HouseOfGuards?

The state of #WittmanFace. Is he the long-long-term solution as the head coach?

- Segment 2: The new practice facility; why KD won’t play for your city.

The construction of a new state-of-the-art practice facility for the Wizards is soon to be in the works with a location to be determined.

We draw a random NBA city out of a hat and tell you all the reasons why Kevin Durant WON’T be choosing to play there. There is scorching heat brought in this segment and it’s pretty mean if you hail from the chosen city. Hilarious otherwise. Listener discretion is advised., Hibachi Grilled Mamba: Why *Prime* Gilbert Was Better Than Kobe Ever Was., Oh nothing much to see here besides John Wall covering Kevin Durant at Snoop's charity flag football game :)

(h/t @WizardsLegion), Snoop's number 7 pick in his #Athletesvcancer flag football draft: a DEEP threat in John Wall., John Wall puts kids first by conducting a backpack giveaway back home in North Carolina. Please honor that man., In case you haven't seen or heard, Bradley Beal aka #BigPanda has been putting in that WORK this summer. Check out this video of him crafting his off-the-dribble shooting. Video courtesy of @NBA., The world's most famous NBA player impersonators strike again with John Wall! This is too good., Our Wizards partook in a little beach bonding (and team workout) at Venice Beach this past week. Photo courtesy of Kris Humphries Instagram., When does basketball season start? Appetite as wet as Bradley Beal's jumpers., "If Wall makes the shooting leap this offseason, he’ll make the leap from superstar to MVP candidate.", Jeff Teague stars in "Straight Outta Ankles", a John Wall original., Happy to launch our pilot podcast #TheRedLine. Big thanks to Glenn Consor for being our guest. Wizards offseason talk, KD2DC of course, and Hibachi taking over carnivals and trolling LeBron. Also- what if Martell Webster was one of Drake's ghostwriters?, #TBT to that time #Nene was about to end a mans life. Photo courtesy @joeglo1 #Wizards #Bulls, null, #Wizards #Jazz Top 3 plays. #1 - Our player of the game Scott Machado freezes time and his opponent with a pretty hesitation move to close out the game. Next up for Wiz, tonight at 8pm vs #Pelicans in round 2 of #NBASummerLeague tourney. Follow us on Twitter for all your #WizSquad news and entertainment needs, #Wizards #Jazz Top 3 plays of the night. #2 - where this pass is going no eyes are needed. Machado hooks up with #BigRed Aaron White for the authoritative jam session., We've got the #Wizards Top 3 plays from last nights #WizJazz Summer League game presented to you by  #VaporCafe  The only place to get your hookah fix is Vapor Cafe, also home of the best Oreo Milkshakes around courtesy of milkshakeista Zain Zaidi. At #3, Kelly Oubre, Jr. flies into the TV set off a Scott "don't call me Mike" Machado pass., Crazy how things work out sometimes. #kslife #Wizards, #Wizards were subject of #ESPNFirstTake again. This time re: John Wall's comment about Reggie Jackson making same $$. Skip: "John Wall still has a lot more to prove in this league. He had a very good year he impressed me last year, I didn't think he was quite that good. In those 27 games (w/#Pistons) Reggie Jackson put up exactly the same numbers John Wall did for the season..", In case you missed it, Kelly Oubre is having a great summer so far. Oh, he's got some range too..., Via CSNWashington, Drew Gooden thinks the Wizards are having a good summer... "got some snipers.", Kelly Oubre and the #Wizards take on a familiar face in Jordan Crawford and the #Mavs at 330p in #NBASummerLeague "Who else gon' shoot?", It makes too much sense for it not to happen, right? #KD2DC #ESPNFirstTake Inside da Gates/The Goodman, From #ESPNFirstTake: "I would love to see Kevin Durant to be in the Nation's Capital with Bradley Beal and John Wall." - Stephen A. Smith. http://t.co/yuAgOCDDsK, As Jorge Castillo reports:

"A frustrated Kelly Oubre worked out at UNLV's practice gym at 10 pm last night to work on his jumper."

This totally melts our hearts. Put in that work, kid!, #Wizards make it official and welcome back #DrewGooden. “Drew has been an important part of our success the last two years and we are pleased to welcome him back,” said Grunfeld. “His skills, leadership and outside shooting will continue to add value to our front court rotation.”, Little did we know Thabeet would go viral. From lottery pick to NBA burn out to D-League Select to thrown out of Summer League game. #bust, Per the Wizards press release, Gary Neal is officially a Wizard! There will be a media conference call with Gary at 3 PM. Stay tuned., Getting To Know The New Guy: Some fun stuff on the newest member of the Wizards: Alan Anderson., How great can Kelly "the jewel" shine? Will he be a Jeremy Lamb or a Kawhi Leonard? Let's look at the Oubre Spectrum.., The Wizards introduced Kelly Oubre at Verizon Center earlier this afternoon. The more we listen to this guy, the more we like him. Here's our full coverage, video included.

WELCOME TO D.C., KELLY!!, Just under 30 minutes remain until Draft time. Here is a Hoop District guide to the Wizards first and second round picks., Be sure to follow Kevin Seraphin on Snapchat for a raging good time: kslife13, This compilation of viciously blocked shots from this past season is going to make your Friday., Meet Satnam Singh Bhamara, a 7'2" player from India who will perform a pre-draft workout for the Wizards tomorrow., Watching the best plays in which the Wizards move the ball so harmoniously will make you happy. Guaranteed., Going through Wizards withdrawal? We got you covered! We're putting out our best Vines from this past season over the next few days, categorized by different play types.

We kick off our celebration of the 2014-15 season with the sickest dunks., Happy 22nd, Otto Porter!, Bulls head coach Tom Thibodeou, best known for his attempted intervention between Paul Pierce and Joakim Noah, has been fired., Charles Barkley spittin that gospel. No way the Hawks beat the Wizards with a healthy John Wall., 10 amazing defensive plays from John Wall this season will offer you a whole different sense of appreciation for him., Congrats to John Wall on his very well-deserved selection to the NBA All-Defensive Second Team!, The Graceful Exit, Vol. I: Marcin Gortat speaks on Game 6, his mid-season struggles, and his wish for a stretch 4., Marcin Gortat was sick all night last night all day today. Had IV's...gave all he could - Coach Wittman, Randy Wittman's philosophy: To live and die by Nene., If the Wizards win, praise your God tonight for the amount of misses Kyle Korver has had over the course of this series. Seriously., Tonight, we dine in Hell., Feel free to describe your feelings about Dennis Schroder in whichever manner you wish., PSA TO ALL WIZARDS FANS:

It is really, and truly imperative for fans to be settled in their seats tonight and cheering the Wizards on from the moment they run out on the court for pregame warmups. It is VERY off-putting when they're not.

Verizon Center damn near looked like a preseason game in September at tip-off in Game 4. Y'all need to cut that mess out and show face EARLY. 

GAMETIME IS 7PM. LEAVE WORK EARLY AND SKIP ALL THE PREGAME PARTIES.

THANK YOU AND GO WIZ., Look at Otto so casual after he releases his shot. Gives sort of an impression he's becoming very confident with it., John Wall labeled a "game-time" decision by Randy Wittman. Probably wants to make sure he gets through lunch without tweaking his wrist using a steak knife., The Wizards can make one painful May 15 memory go away tonight., A lot of folks are raising eyebrows at John Wall allegedly throwing up gang signs after a play last night in Atlanta. But we're going to go ahead and confirm he was just playing the circle game with everyone., All for naught, here are some of the better moments from Game 5, starting with the greatness that is John Wall., I could watch this loop of John Wall breaking off Jeff Teague for hours. And so could you., JOHN WALL IS ACTIVE AND WILL START TONIGHT WITHOUT ANY MINUTES RESTRICTION!!!!, John Wall's playing status. The importance of Otto and Pierce. And, have we seen the best of ATL?

Tonight's Game 5 storylines.., We want to live in a world where we are celebrating these 2 tomorrow on the cover of the Washington Post.

#Caps

#Wizards

#dcRISING., Wizards Christmas Day uniforms seem to have leaked on the Internet, per @UniWatch.

Yay or nay?, John Wall will never live w/ the conviction that he is not playing in a basketball game. Saying he's "not sure" is the farthest he'll reach.

#SOLDIER, Per Jorge Castillo:

Wall is scheduled to meet with doctors later. Said it’ll come down to whether he’s comfortable with the pain and feels he can be himself., null, Jeff Teague finally had his break-out game in this series, trumping an incredible 34-point performance by Bradley Beal. We're all knotted at two games apiece, with a pivotal Game 5 looming in Atlanta., Paul Pierce has come in to our city, and despite the demoralizing loss of John Wall, has provided a feeling of galvanism we as Wizards fans haven't felt in forever., Enjoy some great behind-the-scenes visual content from Wizards-Hawks Game 3 (pardon its lateness, mom got on the way)., Photo courtesy ~ HoopDistrict.net / Joe Glorioso, Enjoy our Wizards Snap Chat story from Game 3., "I called game.", Some really good medical insight here on John Wall's wrist injury., A minor update on Wall's status, via David Aldridge. Wall still unsure about his Game 3 status., John Wall had 12 points, 8 assists, 5 rebounds, and 3 blocks in the 23 minutes he played AFTER fracturing his wrist in Game 1. 

Un. Real., According to Michael Lee, John Wall "clashed" with team doctors over the initial diagnosis of his hand.

"Wall refused to accept the initial diagnosis of a “real, real bad sprain” after X-rays immediately following the game were negative. According to a person with knowledge of the situation, Wall clashed with team medical staffers before sitting out Tuesday because he felt something more serious had caused his hand to explode. After a few days of confusion and concern, Wall got the confirmation of bone fractures that he never really wanted, leaving fans of the team with broken hearts."

In a recent tweet, Lee clarified "clash" as an "intense argument.", You know things are messed up in DC when we reference TWO heartbreaking Toni Braxton songs in one post.

John Wall is everything to this team, and this city. So please, Unbreak Our Hearts., Bradley Beal, via Chad Dukes:

"It’s time to put the team on my back and lead as much as I can."

#FingerGoggles Engaged., John Wall was responsible for 41% of the Wizards' scoring this season. Only Russell Westbrook, LeBron James and James Harden had higher scoring percentages.

#Pray4JohnWall, Recently, we posted a column asking where the Wizards would be without John Wall. Sadly, we may soon realize that place isnt a fun one.

#Pray4JohnWall, This season, John Wall accounted for 40.7 ppg (via scoring and assists). The Wizards averaged 98.7 ppg.

#Pray4JohnWall, Per Marc Stein: Wizards just announced they've found FIVE non-displaced fractures in John Wall's left wrist and hand.

Playing status for Saturday is still "undetermined", but we all very well know where this could be headed. 

WHYYYYYYYY!?!?, We got #PlayoffRandy. We got #PlayoffPanda. But what ever happened to #PlayoffNene? 

Everything you need to know about the disheartening demise of Nene is right here., Despite several guys stepping up for the Wizards last night in Game 2, one simple fact remains:

NO John Wall, MO' PROBLEMS., John Wall was initially ruled good to go about an hour ago when Randy Wittman stated that all players would be available. He is now a last minute scratch as his hand has looked badly swollen all day. Trainers determined he's better off sitting tonight out and resting it for the next 5 days before Game 3 on Saturday., BREAKING: John Wall is OUT tonight with a left wrist injury., o_O, Floyd who!? The WIZARDS are still UNDEFEATED in the playoffs. Led by a resilient and tough John Wall and Bradley Beal, the Wizards continue their dominance on the road, beating the top-seed Hawks 104-98 in Game 1 of the Eastern Semis. 

Here are some key takeaways from the big win., These two..., Pregame Vines; in-game video; postgame interviews; and a SnapChat story. All the Wizards visuals you need from Game 4., Here’s what was going on in the world the last time the Wizards swept an opponent during a 7 game series:

• For the first time in U.S. history, Americans were able to use fresh vegetables as currency to pay for gas. The pilot program would last for 16 weeks.

• President Timothy Ogletree fell down a flight of stairs, sustaining multiple facial fractures, but still managing to do a jig upon standing, singing “Ain’t We Got Fun”.

• A pack of bobcats ran through Butte, Mt, biting several children and ravaging the city’s water supply.

In other words, the sweep never happened. This is the first damn time., Shot selection, pace, more free throw attempts, and a fitting lineup rotation is what's sparked the Wizards these playoffs. So, with the Wizards morphing into a complete offensive powerhouse (113 PPG) after struggling for most of the season, did Randy Wittman fool us all?, Paul Pierce is the shit., null, Just hold on, you're going home., DINOSAUR MASSACRE IN CHINATOWN., MORE ORIGINAL VIDEO: A fantastic Wizards highlight reel from last night's Game 3., The latest from Gilly: a slight jab at James Johnson, because when a team is down 0-3, it's fair to take a shot at anyone., Sights and sounds from the Verizon Center all found here in te Playoff Edition of Tales from the Booth. Included: our very first Snap Chat story. Enjoy!, Gilbert Arenas' Keys to Game 3:

-Trap Lowry to keep him in the shitter.

-Put that foot on their neck.

-Come out like Tyson.

Keep track of all of Gilly's trolling Instagram posts here: http://hoopdistrict.net/the-unofficial-2015-gilbert-arenas-wizards-playoffs-instagram-thread/, DeMar DeRozan. Masai Ujiri. Norm Kelly. Which Torontonian will Paul Pierce and the Wizards piss off after Game 3?, With every great team, every game is more than a game. The crowd. The atmosphere. The energy. The intensity. The better you get, the greater the moment. And when you start to reach that summit of greatness, every game begins to have THE moment. The crescendo.

The Verizon Center, and the Wizards, certainly have theirs., "Otto is another one who just doesn’t understand how good he is. He can shoot, he’s a slasher, he can defend, I’m just not sure how badly he wants it every day.

That kid just needs to get mad. If he came to practice ticked off and to the games ticked off, he’d be fine. But it’s hard to get Otto mad. I should punch him one day just to get him riled up.”

– Paul Pierce, Reading the news of Kawhi Leonard winning DPOY like, The Great Wall: Dissecting John's Best Playoff Game Ever., John Wall and Bradley Beal's redemption. #PlayoffWittman. And Otto Porter, the producer of unicorns. Our top Game 2 story lines:, John Wall's takeover.

More #KSLife.

Otto!

..and you can't f*ck with Bradley Beal., UPDATED Gilbert Instagram Thread!

Gilly calls Amir Johnson "softer than baby shit" after Wizards' Game 2 win.

Be sure to keep track of all of Gilbert's playoff trolls here: http://hoopdistrict.net/the-unofficial-2015-gilbert-arenas-wizards-playoffs-instagram-thread/, Via Michael Lee:

Paul Pierce shouting on the way to the locker room after Wizards Game 2 win: "I don't want to go through customs no more.", What to watch: A pissed off Raptors team.

Key matchup: Wall/Beal vs. their shooting woes.

X-Factor: More TRUTH!

Fun Factor: Another Wizards win and we get to keep clowning Drake, Canada, and trolling Raptors fans., The Raptors had as much of a chance winning Game 1 as this fan had getting a kiss from bae., null, The bench, Paul Pierce and - despite his poor shooting - Bradley Beal came up big for the Wizards in Toronto on Saturday.

Check out the 5 most game-defining moments (via Vine) and the Play of the Game from Wiz-Raptors Game 1., Don't sleep on The Truth...Paul Pierce is probably one of the 10 best players you've EVER watched., For comedic purposes and your convenience: The Unofficial 2015 Gilbert Arenas Wizards Playoffs Instagram Thread., Paul Pierce talked the talk earlier this week, then promptly walks the walk in Toronto.

John Wall and Bradley Beal had some nice spurts, but struggled for the most part shooting the ball.

The Wizards dominated the overtime period and in the end, who better than Otto Porter to finish off the Raptors?, Wizards take Game 1 in Toronto, 93-86!!, But Paul Pierce sucks, Raptors fans said.

Pierce had 10 points on 4-4 shooting and 2-2 from 3 in the 2nd quarter. Wiz lead Raptors 46-42 at the half., In case you missed John Wall's MONSTER block on Kyle Lowry in the 2nd quarter., "The Truth has arrived." Crown him Lord of the North. #WizRaptors, Seriously, though. If there's anything that makes the Wizards better than your team, it's Gilbert Arenas' Instagram., null, Sound waves of ESPN reporter Britt McHenry verbally humiliating a clerk at a towing company surfaced the Internet today and as you’d expect, there was absolutely no mercy on her. McHenry’s diatribe on the poor lady offered plenty of quotables, most of them obnoxiously exalting herself as an educated news reporter, and one that wouldn’t work in a “scumbag place” like a towing company.

And so we took the liberty of taking McHenry’s godawful quote and applied it to various Wizards players’ facial expressions for you to enjoy. So please, enjoy., We broke down the performances of the Wizards reserves last night in Cleveland and provided some meaning to a meaningless game., So apparently, the Raptors are changing their team slogan from "We The North" to "This Is It" (both of which are pretty wack).

But hey Raptors, here's an FYI: the last time someone used "This Is It" as their campaign slogan, they didn't make it all the way through., A meaningless Wizards season finale falls on the same night as a Caps playoff game., null, Gliding Wizard/Half-Moon logo seen here for the last time in last night's Wiz-Pacers TNT broadcast. RIP bruh even though nobody liked you., The Washington Wizards finally do away with that lousy "Wizard/Half Moon" logo and reveal their new OFFICIAL primary logo.

So much win here.

#dcRISING, Despite 10 John Wall turnovers, the franchise point guard was able to overcome his mistakes and punch out the depleted Atlanta Hawks with 24 points and 9 rebounds, leading the Wizards to their regular season home closer with a 108-99 win., The Wizards are still gunning for home court in the 1st round. Their mission continues in Brooklyn tonight., The Wizards' latest success, albeit coming against some bad teams, has helped fill some holes as the postseason approaches. We discuss:, Rest up, Mr. Franchise., For the first time in 229 games (that's 821 calendar days), John Wall will not be suiting up to play. With the playoffs looming, and health always a potential issue, the Wizards are opting to give Johnny Franchise a rest tonight against the Sixers in Philly., Our good friend @SwedenDC strikes again. Some of his finest work here:

The TransPORTER 22, John Wall and Paul Pierce celebrated Easter with the President Obama at the White House Easter egg roll.

Wall on playing with President Obama this morning (per Washington Post): "It was fun. He's got the weirdest jump shot release but today he showed off.", The Wizards are currently on a 3-game win streak with 3 upcoming games this week as the regular season comes to a close and playoff seeding becomes more intense.

Let us be your guide., The Crystal Ball: Forecasting the Wizards Week Ahead (at Sixers; at Nets; vs. Hawks) http://wp.me/p3yNHx-2HZ, Marcin Gortat finished last night's game against Philly with a dominating stat line: 10-11 FG, 14 rebounds, 3 assists, 2 blocks, and 23 points. Yet, he was still visibly frustrating about being underutilized, and he certainly has a point. 

With just 7 games remaining before the playoffs, this is a problem., Crown him., The Wizards are down to just 8 games left on their regular season schedule, beginning with 3 upcoming games this week.

They've got the Sixers and Knicks up first, which could be a good thing....or a #SoWizards thing., In our latest research, we find yet another critical offensive flaw that's been hampering the Wizards: John Wall doesn't drive the lane as nearly enough as he should be.

John Wall ranks 7th in the NBA in 'points created per drive', yet in Randy Wittman's offense he ranks 37th in drives per game.

No bueno., The Wizards seem to have lost any willpower to win. This is a huge problem., Wizards look to bounce back after a bad loss., Wizards have released Toure Murry and are getting ready to sign Will Bynum.

Bynum, a former Piston, has been playing in China this year and will potentially serve as another ball-handling guard in light of Garrett Temple and Bradley Beal's injuries., Another late-game coaching blunder costed the Wizards a potential victory., The Wizards are riding a 3-game losing streak in which they've lost by an average margin of 23 points, and after Golden State's Marreese Speights accused the team of 'quitting' against them on Monday night, the Wizards have a lot to show and prove tonight against Indiana.

We pregame:, The Wizards made just one field in the 3rd quarter last night against the Warriors.

You read that right.

Randy Wittman had one word to describe his squad's performance: "troubling.", The Wizards are in peak road trip form., John Wall the Wizards may had played their best half of ball in the 3rd and 4th quarters against the Kings just eight days ago in DC. 

The Wiz tallied 67 points, shot 61% from the field, and knocked 9 of 14 three's as they went on a 34-point swing in the second half to win by 16 after trailing by 18 at halftime.

It was a tale of two halves for Boogie Cousins and John Wall. Cousins scored 21 points in the first half on 8-11 shooting, but shot only 1-6 in the second half for 9 points. Meanwhile, Wall scored 11 by halftime but in the second half, scored 20 points and had 10 assists.

They face each other again tonight in Sacramento at 6PM EST. Here's your game preview:, Uncle Drew has been serviceable all his career, but his consistent inconsistency is an issue., Are the Wizards molding into playoff form? We think so as their 5-game winning streak is currently the hottest in the NBA.

Summary, takeaways, and of course, Vine-lights from last night's win in Utah., Kevin Seraphin droppin' knowledge bombs out here. #StayWoke, A 4-game win streak could have the Wizards battling a superiority complex. We'll find out tonight in Salt Lake.

Key story lines: 

- The Jazz are on a 6-game win streak; 13-2 since the All-Star break.

- Utah's Rudy Gobert aka "The Stifle Tower" is a beast. Proof? He's averaging 15 rebounds and 3 blocks per game since the All-Star break.

- Kevin Seraphin and Trevor Booker, who are former Wiz teammates but still remain strong BFF's, reunite tonight.

Wizards-Jazz tips of at 10:30 EST on CSN tonight. This is the first of 4 road games out west. Click the link below for more pregame content., John Wall flossing the soon-to-be released (not really) Kanye-designed Wizards uniforms. (Masterpiece photoshop by @SwedenDC), The Wizards are on a 4-game win streak and just beat the Portland Trailblazers. John Wall and Bradley Beal dominated. Paul Pierce was being Paul Pierce, and Nene/Gortat handled the interior.

You couldn't ask for a better tune up before a west coast road trip., The Wizards wrap up a 3-game home stand against the Blazers tonight before embarking on a critical 4-game west coast road trip starting in Utah on Wednesday.

Here's everything you need to get yourself geared up for a big week of Wizards basketball., In tonight's game preview, we revisit Demarcus Cousins and Drew Gooden's 'shrug-off' in Sacramento last season. 

Other storylines:

Ramon Sessions and Andre Miller, products of a Wiz-Kings trade a few weeks ago, square off tonight as Wizards fans repay a visit to The Professor. 

After losing to teams like Minnesota and Philly, there's one thing the Wizards have gotten back to doing, and that's defeating inferior teams. Their last two games, against the Hornets and a resting Memphis team, have been won by an average of 23 points. Tonight, they face a 22-win Kings team. Let's see how they handle this game., Sights and sounds from Wizards-Grizzlies last night., Good teams are always tested away from home. That's why the Wizards upcoming road trip is crucial., The Grizzlies are resting all their starters tonight, EXCEPT for Jeff Green. So you know what that means, another #WizardsKiller on the prowl.

Also discussed in today's preview, can Wittman outcoach Joerger? But please don't answer that yourselves. Or keep it PG-rated if you do.

Lastly, the Wizards finally filled their 15th roster spot by signing Toure Murry to a 10-day contract. We tell you all we know about him, which isn't much., After last night's near-disaster, can the Wizards survive a back-to-back?, The Wizards' 35-point lead last night against the Heat was reduced to a one-possession game in the final seconds. While the win is a relief, simply "taking one" just doesn't seem right anymore considering all the issues the Wizards face., When your 35-point lead gets trimmed to single digits., How to get a 28 point halftime lead: Shoot 53%.  Commit only 2 turnovers.  Get a +15 rebound advantage.  Hold opponent to 37%.

Wizards lead the Heat 67-39., John Wall just dropped Hassan Whiteside's NBA 2K rating back to 64., Wizards 1st quarter summary., The Wizards looking strong early; lead the Heat 26-13 in the 1st quarter. They're knocking down shots (10-16 FG), attempting 3's (2-6), and getting to the free throw line (4-4)., As mid-April gets closer, playoff implications get stronger in the Eastern Confernce.

Wizards vs. Heat @ 7PM tonight at the Verizon Center., #WizardsTwitter seems to go ablaze at least once a month with rumors of the existence of a destructive, relentless, ruthless, homicidal creature: The #WizardsKiller.

Some fans report the sightings with absolute certainty. Others claim that the Wizards Killer does not actually exist, and can be explained away with logic, stats, and reason. This experiment seeks to explore the existence of the Wizards Killer and attempts to answer the question: Do Wizards Killers exist? If so, who are they? The study examines five accused Wizards Killers, and evaluates each player independently through standard and advanced metrics to determine how their performance truly changes vs. the Wizards, and if in fact they “kill” the Wizards., The Wizards offense has to be the butt of water cooler jokes among NBA coaches who face it. Otto Porter too., It was a sad night for the Wizards, with an even sadder ending (so sad it's basically funny). On the last defensive possession, down by 3, Otto Porter was found snoozing on his man Tony Snell who curled around for a 3-point shot, forcing Gortat to leave the paint and contest him. Snell missed, and Garett Temple was left alone to box out two Chicago bigs. The Wizards lost to the Bulls 97-92.

But back to Otto Porter snoozing.......

Full Vine: https://vine.co/v/O0HUQJDlOY0, With the Wizards always "locked in" and "ready for Chicago", you start to wish they hated more teams like they do the Bulls., Thanks to your votes, our DDS-certified Wizards Smile Champion is...Nene!, Three national media accusations against the Wizards; three verdicts. How right or wrong are the critics in regards to John Wall, to offensive execution, and to Randy Wittman?, NEW Tales from the Booth: Sights and sounds from Wizards vs. Pistons at the Verizon Center on Saturday night.

Included: A Big Panda makes his return; Coach Howard Eisley putting up some pregame buckets, and John Wall flossin., Wizards have a huge week of basketball coming up against important Eastern Conference opponents. They'll be in Chicago to play the Rose-less AND Jimmy Butler-less Bulls, followed by the Miami Heat in DC on Friday, and they'll wrap up the week on Saturday against the Bucks in Milwaukee.

Despite the Wizards' recent struggles, how encouraged are you all with the Bulls offense now next to zero after the losses of Rose and Butler plus the Raptors' current slump PLUS the Wizards still only 3.5 games out of the 2 seed?, Wizards DDS Certified 'Best Smile' Tournament, The Championship Round!

Our final four contestants are: John Wall, Nene, Garrett Temple, and G-Wiz (??)

Find out who landed with the best smile based on our consultations with a dentist and a female, and then vote for your top smile here:, The 76ers have only won 2 games in the month of February. But so have the Wizards.

The 76ers and Wizards are both on 5 game losings streaks. But the Sixers are a 12-win team in the midst of a tanking season while the Wizards were once destined for the Conference Finals.

Will the nightmare end tonight?, In an attempt to shed some light amid the darkness & help create smiles, we present the Wizards Best Smile Tournament. Try to enjoy :/, The Wizards will try to snap out of their skid tonight when they face the worst of the West in Minnesota., The world's best shooter, arguably, was in DC last night and we managed to capture his entire pregame shooting warmup. 

So for all you kids out there who want to be the next Stephen Curry, or all you adults who just want to know how the best shooter in the world gets warmed up, we’ve got you covered., 32 points from Steph Curry.
26 turnovers committed by the Wizards.
4 straight losses and 9 of their last 11.
A testy, frustrated head coach.

Yeah, things aren't going so swell in Chinatown these days., Wizards trail the Warriors by just 2 points at the end of the 1st quarter., The Wizards have a heavy week of basketball coming up, beginning with tonight's showdown at the Verizon Center against the Warriors. Our Crystal Ball reveals everything you need to know., After that 38-point drubbing against the Cavs on Friday night, the Wizards will be looking for some soul rehab this afternoon in Detroit., Disclaimer: Our Wizards-Cavs Game Notebook summarizing last night's 38-point loss must be read only when away from small children and any sharp objects., Basically we need this dude to show up again tonight with his amazing LeBron big head., Will a Ramon Sessions-hosted 'Playoff Party' be in order for DC? If so, more than likely shirts will be optional., The everlasting quest for the world's most important backup role continues for Wizards after they acquired Ramon Sessions from the Kings in exchange for Andre Miller. Sessions might be the answer, but he also very well might not. We'll find out soon, probably tonight against the Cavs., BREAKING NEWS:  Multiple outlets, namely Marcin Gortat, have confirmed that the Wizards and Kings have agreed to a deal to send point guard Andre Miller to the Kings in exchange for point guard Ramon Sessions.

Here's a full summary of the trade and what it means for the Wizards moving forward. Also- some farewell Vines for the Professor :(, Despite the sniping cold Northeast winds, the abrasiveness of New Yorkers, and a nightmare-inducing polar bear, our Abdullah survived the shenanigans of All-Star Saturday in the Big Apple.

Here's the full, step-by-step recount of his experience., Is John Wall the best pound for pound point guard in the NBA? We went 29 rounds to find out. Here's Part II:, On a scale of 1-10, how excited are you all for the Steph Curry-John Wall "Battle of the Game Changers" duel tomorrow morning?

A 10 means that you're throwing a brunch viewing party for all your friends; 1 meaning that you're sleeping through it and will catch our Vines from the event later in the day.

Here's Degree Men trailer for the showdown: https://amp.twimg.com/v/6e825b44-a28c-469a-9138-83a05a2e9696, If you want the title of “best in the game,” you’ve to knock out the “best in the game.”

John Wall? He’s coming for that title. Best pound for pound player in the NBA? Best pure point guard in the NBA? Best two-way point guard in the NBA? Nah. Just the straight up best point guard in the NBA, the most coveted positional belt in basketball.

We take it round for round, John Wall vs. every team's point guard.

Here's Part 1., So digging this #WallStar hat., ICYMI: Drake was once again the ultimate fan boy last night in Toronto, this time with Paul Pierce.

Here's the full Vine: vine.co/v/OPW1DFvb0tE, Game recap, Vines, and all that went wrong in that 4th quarter for the Wizards last night in Toronto (there was a lot)., Our friend, the Wizards photoshop master, @SwedenDC with another gem.

Wizards-Raptors from Toronto tonight at 7:30 PM., The Wizards have reported that Bradley Beal has once again suffered a "mild stress reaction" to his right fibula; the second time in as many years. He will be reevaluated after the All-Star break., Wizards at Raptors pregame: Down 0-2 in the season series against Toronto, the Wiz looking for vengeance. Also a 3-game win streak going into the All-Star break wouldn't be bad., Our noobie reporter Irfan K went to his first Wizards game as media on Monday night. His excitement over this experience was so strong that he wrote about it in this wonderful diary-style recap. Read and enjoy., #WallStar banner hanging outside Madison Square Garden right now., The Wizards handled the Magic thanks to John Wall's near triple-double. They're on a 2-game win streak with a showdown against the Raptors tomorrow night in Toronto.

Game recap and Vines., Per Basketball-Reference.com, on this day 17 years ago, Wizards PG Rod Strickland had 20 assists and Tracy Murray went for 50 points in a win over the Golden State Warriors., BREAKING: #WallStar jerseys are in the house!

That, and more in our latest version of 'Tales from the Booth', sharing sights and sounds from last night's match between the Wizards and Magic at the Verizon Center., Tonight's Wizards-Magic coverage will be brought to you in memory of Ish Smith's ass, laid on the hardwood by a John Wall crossover some 2 years ago., The Degree Men 'Battle of the Game Changers' between John Wall and Steph Curry is on Saturday, February 14 at 10:30 am. We'll be there., No better way to get yourself prepped for a week of Wizards and #WallStar Weekend!!, It certainly wasn’t as pleasurable sifting through our Vines of Wizards plays from this past week considering they were all part of losses. But putting together a list of the best 5 plays that still surfaced despite an otherwise demoralizing week of basketball is done by me in hopes that it will help soften your aching hearts. It’s the best we can do!

Also, consider this, for it may offer a much needed spec of optimism as we move ahead to a lot of games still left in the season:

Even in the face of perpetual defeat, our #HouseOfGuards wouldn’t let up (until Beal hurt his toe last night, of course). Check out Wall and Beal’s stats over the five games the Wizards have lost.

John Wall: 18.8 PPG, 10.2 APG, 5.2 RPG, 1.2 SPG.

Bradley Beal (discounting last night’s game): 20.0 PPG, 10-21 3PT (48%), 5 total steals

And this is why they own four of the five slots in this week’s top plays. Please try to enjoy., After 5 straight losses, Wizards Nation right now., Wizards - Hornets Part Deux tonight., The Atlanta Hawks dismantled the Wizards last night and in the two previous games by exploiting a huge weakness: not having the personnel to defend 3PT shooting bigs.

The absence of a stretch-4 could become a big issue come playoff time., Amid the prolonging sadness the Wizards have caused us, it's John Wall who keeps us sane with insane plays like this.

This is just pure savagery., The Wizards lost their 4th straight game in Atlanta last night. They tried, they willed, but in the end, they're not even close to being a match against the Hawks. This becomes evident after your two stars - John Wall and Bradley Beal - combine for 47 points; your two big men - Nene and Gortat - combine for 31, yet the team still found themselves down by 16 at one point and end up losing by 9.

Recap, insights, and game Vines from last night, including that murderous Mike Scott dunk that damn near put Bradley Beal in a coffin. 

Join the sadness this morning., Randy Wittman channeled his inner Danny Tanner with his guys last night, exchanging in a heart-to-heart discussion with them in hopes of helping turn things around as the team struggles through a 3-game slide. He then conducted a "dirty" practice to get everyone back on the same page. 

The Wizards will put this so-called dirtiness to the test tonight against the Atlanta Hawks, a team that handed them their worst loss of the season just 3 weeks ago.

Pregame with us here.., A lot of the Wizards' recent shortcomings fall on coach Randy Wittman, no doubt. But for fans to call for his dismissal, well, that's not very smart and won't exactly fix things. The Wizards have several issues that can be solved simply by getting back to basics and believing in the system that got them to their best start in franchise history.

We discuss.., The Wizards have lost three straight games and five of their last seven.

On the bright side, they play the Hawks in Atlanta tomorrow night.

-__________________________-, Four games on tap this week for the Wizards, including a showdown against the mighty Atlanta Hawks on Tuesday., In memory of:

A look back at Marcin Gortat's baby 'hawk on Wizards media day; now deceased., Before we move on to the Hornets tonight, check out some sights and sounds of Wizards-Raptors from the Verizon Center., A Week of Wizards: Wall battered and bruised; Will Bynum on Ernie’s radar; and #KD2NY?, The Wizards have been coveting Ray Allen all season long, reportedly making call after call to his agent with hopes of landing the future Hall of Famer.

No player on the Wiz would benefit more from this addition than Bradley Beal, the promising 21 year old half the world has already marked as a shooter with similar shooting traits as Ray.

And this, Wizards fans, is the "Beal" reason the Wizards need Jesus (Shuttlesworth)., After a little bit of research on Kris Humphries' per 36 numbers, it's confirmed: The more Hump the merrier for the Wizards., There's an imaginary dialogue that went through the minds of all Wizards fans last night as Randy Wittman refused to reinsert his starters back in the game after the bench trimmed the Suns lead to 4.

We shared it our Wizards-Suns recap., Bradley Beal wasn't invited to this year's 3-Point party during All-Star Weekend. We share the sad story why., John Wall was suffering from a sore left Achilles. He had also been experiencing migraines all day. By game's end, he was just one rebound short of a triple double (21 points, 13 assists, 3 steals) and had led his Wizards back from a 19-point deficit to beat the Lakers in LA. 

“I’m just a guy that always don’t want to let my guys down. I was dealing with not going through shoot-around, sick all day since [Monday] and just wanted to come out here and compete for my guys.”, Considering the world-class athlete and dominant presence in sports Michael Vick once was, the great impressions John Wall recently left him is a great thing., So just how good is the Kevin Seraphin hook shot? The answer will shock you., Even if just for one season. For just a handful of games. Thank you, Paul Pierce for giving us #TheTruth in DC. #Wizards, Introducing our newest weekly segment to be featured every Monday: The Crystal Ball, forecasting all the Wizards games for the week ahead. 

This week's games:

Jan. 27 at Lakers
Jan. 28 at Suns
Jan. 31 vs. Raptors, Last night was one of the craziest finishes we've seen in a long time in a Wizards game. Paul Pierce's disastrous inbounds pass nearly doomed the nights of Wiz of fans, but alas, the Wizards escaped Denver with a thrilling 117-115 victory in overtime.

Key players:

John Wall: 19 points, 16 assists
Kris Humphries: 21 points, 14 rebounds off the bench.
Paul Pierce: 19 points (9 in the 3rd quarter)
Beal and Nene: 14 points each, WELP. LaMarcus Aldridge was slated to miss 6-8 weeks with a torn ligament in his thumb. He decided to forego surgery, suit up against the Wizards, and then promptly score 26 points in a 103-96 Blazers victory.

The Wizards completely diminished in the second half after a 14 point lead in the first. Coaching and a lack of bench production is where most of the blame lies, and with the Nuggets on tap tonight in Denver, there's little time to reflect on and resolve last night's issues.

We explain in our game notebook., Marcin Gortat on LaMarcus Aldridge deciding to forego thumb surgery and play tonight against the Wizards (per Washington Post):

“It doesn’t change shit. We got to be ready to play. He’s just 1 player. He’s really good but we’re going to go at him.”

#DoesntChangeShit, This. Just this.

#Wizards >, The Knicks-Lakers game originally scheduled for national TV coverage on March 12 has now been replaced with Wizards-Grizzlies. BAM., Yo. #QuickAintFair, but according to this play-by-play sheet from the end of the 1st quarter against OKC, #QuickAintLegal.

John Wall racing up court to knock down that buzzer-beater was apparently too quick to be timestamped correctly, or he really isn't human.

You can find that awesome play and more top plays here: http://hoopdistrict.net/wizards-top-plays-week-116-122/, John Wall. Then John Wall. And then a little more John Wall.

Kick off your weekend and get yourself prepped for the Wizards impending West Coast road trip with our top plays from this past week., One year after making his first All-Star appearance, John Wall has been selected as the starting point guard for the Eastern Conference All-Stars.

Please welcome our newest contributor, Irfan K, who makes his Hoop District debut by explaining how John Wall built himself into the best all-around point guard in the NBA., Congratulations to John Wall and to all #Wizards fans!

Your point guard has been voted as a STARTER for the Eastern Conference All-Stars!

#dcRISING #WallStar, New Kevin Durant hash tag til next season:

#KDbeatDC, So many sights and sounds from Verizon Center that aren't caught on TV. But is that not why Hoop District is here!?

Take a journey back through last night and re-live all the happenings before, during, and after #Wizards - #Thunder in our latest edition of 'Tales from the Booth', Hope y'all got some nails left on your fingers. 1:26 left to go in the 4th quarter and the Wizards are down 90-89., True behind the scenes stuff here, Wizards fans ;) ESPN camera player cheat sheets. Dion Waiters the odd man out, of course., As we approach gametime, a message to Wizards fans: while #KD2DC is great and fun, don't let it get the best of you!, Martell Webster hasn't been dropping much on the basketball court this season, but he did drop a new track in the recording studio., #KD2DC, Basketball fans on social media still continue to dismiss John Wall. So we called some of them out in this rant., The Wizards ran into a few small bumps against the Sixers yesterday, but still managed to destroy them by 35 points. We say it was the perfect dress rehearsal for Kevin Durant's homecoming tomorrow night.

Vines, takeaways, and everything else you need to recap yesterday's dominating win., The Wizards are rocking #MLK Day "Dream" warm-up T's., The future of #Wizards ball boys. Totes adorbz., Salutations from the Booth, Wizards fans! Spend a holiday work day with us. #WizSixers, John Wall #dc3, Play of the half:

Nene on spin cycle around Kevin Garnett for the slam., John Wall got into some early foul trouble, sat out just 6 minutes into the game. Wizards still managed to assist 14 of their 17 first half buckets., Both the Wizards and Nets a bit lethargic in that first half. Wizards trail 43-40. They shot 43% from the field, just 1-6 from 3 and committed 7 turnovers., “Any team without Paul Pierce misses him. Period.” – Paul Pierce., Happy Friday!

A John Wall flick dribble move.
A wrathful Nene stare down of Joakim Noah.
A monster Kris Humphries block on Tony Parker.

Please enjoy your late lunch with our Wizards Top Plays of the Week., From Washington Post's Michael Lee:

"(Nets head coach) Lionel Hollins, when asked about the challenges in facing the Wizards. 'Whooo! To the window to the Wall.'"

Basically., “Something about the United Center make the Wizards feel right at home.” - ESPN commentator., Quite honestly, the NBA has no better fan base on social media than #WizardsTwitter. Here's another great piece of work from @SwedenDC, During the Wizards-Bulls telecast on ESPN last night, Doug Collins said, "all I ever wanted for Christmas was a Bradley Beal jump shot."

Pure artwork., Good morning. Here's an update from the #Wizards Chitown takeover., CHITOWN WANTS NO PARTS OF DC!!, On the tail end of a back-to-back, the Wizards are going to need a solid night from their second unit against Bulls. 

Can #KSLife, the Butler, and Hump make it happen?, Nate Robinson is a soon-to-be free agent and the Wizards have him on their radar. A guy who can hit shots and who brings a ton of charisma would only improve this team on the court and in the locker room.

Also, while it's still very cold, Nate's presence in DC would give us the opportunity to provide you folks with 5 star coverage of this amazing mink he owns.

What say you?, NEW Tales from the Booth: Sights and sounds from Wizards-Spurs: a fan's amazing sign; Jeff Gordon on a tricycle; and a whistled National Anthem., How absurd is this fan poll conducted by ESPN's SportsNation? Did they not realize the Cavaliers are 19-20 and the Wizards are 26-12?

But hey, if they don't get it, at least the mothership does. ABC recently announced the Cavs-Knicks game originally slated for national TV coverage on March 29 has been replaced with Wizards-Rockets. So there's that.

But the madness in this poll, though....., The Spurs have been like the final boss in a video game for the Wizards but last night, the Wiz found their cheat code:

KEVIN SERAPHIN., WIZARDS WIN!!!!!!

Final at the Verizon Center: a 101-89 victory over the San Antonio, breaking a 17 game losing streak against them.

John Wall finished with 25 points.

Kevin Seraphin a monster game off the bench with 17., Speaking of halftime, not a bad first 2 quarters for the Wizards. They lead the Spurs 51-48 behind 16 points and 3 assists from John Wall.

Paul Pierce has 8. Gortat, Beal, Humphries and Seraphin all with 6 each.

Wizards are shooting 50% from the field; 5-8 from 3-pt; 10-10 at the line., With every terrible halftime show the Wizards throw, the bandwagon fans win., Approved., The Hawks are a powerhouse in the NBA, no doubt. But the Wizards also could have displayed a bit more effort at times. 16 made 3's for the Hawks, 20 turnovers for the Wizards (many unforced), and before you knew it, a 7-point 4th quarter deficit for the Wiz turned into a 31-point debacle by game's end.

If you missed the game, or you're just in the mood to make your Monday worse, have a look at our Wiz-Hawks game notebook., Your Wizards halftime report: COWBOYS LOSE!!, The Wizards need to be as close to perfect as they can be today against the Hawks. Here's everything you need to know., So what do you care for more today, DC? The Cowboys losing a playoff game, or the Wizards to defeating the current #1 seed in East?, For all of you going out tonight, be sure to hop on our Twitter timeline later to scroll through some smooth late night Wizards Vines on your Uber ride home., After tonight's huge win, the Wizards are now 25-11 and have sole possession of the number 2 seed in the East., OKAY OKAY check it out we need you all to focus. Tonight is huge.

The Bulls are 25-11. The Wizards are 24-11.

The competition between two top point guards in Derrick Rose and John Wall is only getting more intense with so much more at stake. Rose is suffering through the biggest shooting slump of his career, making just 28 of his last 110 shot attempts over 6 games. And to make matters worse for him, tonight he has to face the best defending point guard in the league. GOOD LUCK, BRUH.

Hmm, what else? Oh, Paul Pierce still hates Joakim Noah. YOU still hate Joakim Noah. WE ALL still hate Joakim Noah, so there's that.

Finally, remember the last Wiz game against the Bulls in December when Wall had that  crazy outburst in the 4th quarter to bring the Wiz back from 11 down and nearly win the game? No? Well, WE GOT THE VINES and you're gonna wanna watch them even though they didn't win the game. It was still that great.

Wizards-Bulls at 8PM tonight on ESPN and CSN and you can pregame for it right here with us. Here. By clicking the link below., That one time when Nene dunked on Nikola Mirotic, sending him tumbling off your screen and onto your recliner. 

Wizards. Bulls. Rose. Wall. Noah. Nene. Butler. Beal.

A smash mouth Eastern Conference battle tonight on national TV. LET'S GET IT., So after releasing Glen Rice Jr. earlier this week, the Wizards now have one empty roster spot. With that in mind, CSN reports that the Wizards have remained persistent in their pursuit of Ray Allen, who is apparently still weighing his options whether to play or retire.

We think he'd be a good fit in DC alongside an old buddy, no?, Isiah Thomas. Magic Johnson. Tim Hardaway. Chris Paul. John Wall. Chew on that., Sights and sounds from around the Verizon Center, Wizards-Knicks edition!

Paul Pierce's frames, John Wall's XMas kicks, and plenty more as we take you through all the pre-game, in-game, and post-game happenings of game night in Chinatown., The Knicks have become the NBA's body shop for tune-ups and offered the Wizards a much needed one last night at the Verizon Center. Here are some takeaways., An "Optimus Dime" t-shirt!? 

Here, take my wallet., So we came across some big news this morning. Bigger than the Wizards' destruction of the Knicks for the 3rd time this season; bigger than their current 2-game win streak.

Apparently, Wizards coach Randy Wittman was great at farting during his Indiana Hoosier days. The amazing news came to us originally via our friends at Bullets Forever, but even greater was the epic reaction of everyone's favorite Wizards fans on Twitter, the @wzznutz.

Seriously, if you're not familiar with these guys already, you're going to love them after reading their epic tweets about #WittmanFarts., Can the Wizards salvage what's left of this road trip in New Orleans and fly home happy?, On a scale of 1-10, how worried are you if the Wizards drop tonight's gams against the Pelicans?

1 being "no big deal, just a bad road trip", and 10 is "we need to make a trade".

We took to #WizardsTwitter to get some feedback., Kareem Seraphin with the 24-foot hook shot during shootaround in OKC., John Wall continues to lead all Eastern Conference guards in All-Star voting, currently 42K votes ahead of Dwyane Wade and 130K votes ahead of Kyrie Irving., Last night's revolting performance in Dallas called for an analogy to an equally sick video that most of us remember circulating the Internet a few years ago. We'll say no more. The Wizards game was awful, so please read our Game Notebook at your own risk and away from your loved ones., The Mavericks are the league's top scoring team at 109.5 points per game.

The Wizards only allow just 96.8 points per game (4th in NBA), about 12 points less than what the Mavs average. Sounds like a fun night, right?

Let's get it. #dcRISING, Well deserved, Mr. Franchise.

John Wall #NBABallot #MVPBallot. F it, give him the #HOFBallot too., The Midwest mission continues for the Wizards tonight in Dallas as they get set to square off against the Mavericks.

Two keys for the Wizards after last night in Houston:

1. Need more good Beal.

2. Need less bad bench.

Tip-off is at 8:30 tonight on CSN. You can pregame right here., What a win last night! The Wizards escaped #RimGate and an amazing performance by James Harden in Houston last night, defeating the Rockets 104-103.

Bradley Beal scored a season high 33 points on 5-11 from 3PT.
John Wall had his 18th double double of the season.
Paul Pierce broke out for 21 points (11 in the 3rd quarter).

The Wizards are now 22-8 and 1-0 in their Midwest road trip. The Mavs are up next tonight.

Recap and Vine-lights in the link below.

GO WIZ!!!!!!!!!!!!!!, The Wizards begin the first of a grueling 5-game Midwest road trip against the 21-8 Rockets tonight in Houston. Here are the facts:

Martell Webster is back! The Wizards report that he will be in uniform and active for his season debut tonight.

The Rockets are the most frequent 3-point shooting team in the league, averaging 34 attempts per game. The Wizards are the opposite, attempting the third fewest 3's per game but are shooting them at a league best 39%. If you take more, you'll make more. Hopefully Martell can help with that.

The Wizards will square off against an MVP candidate in James Harden but fortunately have an MVP caliber player of their own in John Wall. Expect John, the Wizards' best on-ball defender, to guard Harden a few times (or more) throughout this game, which should be an extremely fun matchup to watch.

Tip-off is at 8PM on CSN., Like this., Wizards are ready to embark on a 5-game road trip that includes 4 legitimate Finals contenders - Rockets, Mavs, Spurs, Thunder - and close it out in New Orleans against The Brow.

The trip is likely to be an excruciating one, so the Wizards will need to be sure they..., #KnicksTape, Our tweet of the game so far.

@HoopDistrictDC, John Wall and his Wizards brethren ruining the hopes of many.

They lead the Knicks 60-44 at the half., Here's a John Wall post up and turnaround fadeaway from the last time the Wizards were at MSG. Pure beaut., Merry Wizmas!

The Wizards have risen from the ashes of insignificance and have earned the spotlight of one of the NBA's most anticipated affairs: Christmas Day basketball!

And what place better for the Wiz to showcase themselves than at Madison Square Garden, where some of the greatest games on Christmas Day have been played.

So, down your eggnog, clean up the shredded gift wrap from off the living room floor, and have a glance at some pregame pixels to get you set for a great day of basketball., The schedule gets no better for the Wizards, and critical adjustments need to be made by Randy Wittman if the Wizards plan on staying afloat near the top of the Eastern Conference.

The Wizards' lack of transition offense and 3-pointers have doomed them for two straight games, something they'll need to correct as they play 6 of their next 7 games on the road.

Full Wizards - Bulls coverage here:, Are you ready for the Wizards and Bulls to continue their physical rivalry tonight? This will be their first official game since the playoff series last postseason, you know, the one the Wizards won in 5 games and where Nene dominated Joakim Noah. 

And of course, no Wiz-Bulls preview would be complete without reliving Paul Pierce's forehead-poke on Joakim. It'll be real fun to see how they act against each other tonight.

And lastly, John Wall and Derrick Rose. Need we say more? These two square off for the first time in nearly 3 years and we've got all the insight to get you ready for the premiere point guard matchup.

As usual, tip-off is at 7PM on CSN.

LEGGGGO!!, NEW Tales from the Booth: Relive the sights and sounds from last night's Wizards-Suns game at the Verizon Center.

Included:

-> John Wall autographing a fan's neat drawing of him
-> John Wall socks.. yes, SOCKS.. now available at the Wizards team store.
-> Super slow-mo video of Otto and Bradley Beal's flashy pre-game dunks during shootaround.

There's too much more to list. Click the link to enjoy the rest of the coverage!, The narratives from last night's Wizards-Suns game:

The Sun's tenacity and physicality knocking the Wizards out of their rhythm.

Another frustrating night for Bradley Beal and it wasn't just his shooting.

John Wall vs. Eric Bledsoe., Welp. I guess going 76-6 is out of question. 

The Wizards fall to the Suns 104-92 at the Verizon Center tonight. John Wall finished with 14 points (5-15 FG) and 8 assists. Bradley Beal also had 14. Rasual Butler led all Wizards with 17.

Next up: the Bulls at home on Tuesday., That's why I want to be the franchise guy; that's why I want the ball in my hands, and these guys believe in me." -- John Wall.

Ladies and gentlemen, after a crucial 4th quarter comeback to close out the Miami Heat tonight, your Washington Wizards are now 19-6, tying their best start in franchise history!

#DCHasRisen, “I’m picking and choosing people at my mercy. I’m picking and choosing what I want to do at times and not letting anybody speed me up and just start reading what the defense is giving me and what my coaches call at the same time.”

John Wall has become a tyrant on the basketball court this season. We explain how., John Wall's 17 assists.
Rasual Butler's 18 4th quarter points.
Seven players in double figures.

Randy Wittman put it simply: "That's who we are."

18-6 is who we are.

Check out some great post game stuff in our Wizards notebook., Flip Saunders returns to DC for the first time as a head coach and If you're trying to predict the number of hugs tonight, just remember that of the team that Flip left in 2012 after getting fired, only John Wall and Kevin Seraphin remain on the current Wizards roster.

Let's pregame..., Well. Thankfully Liam Neeson didn't count on the Knicks' "special set of skills" to rescue his daughter. John Wall tho >>, John Wall named NBA Player of the Week and to describe our reaction, we shamelessly used a Jordan Crawford plug., 18.3 points
11.8 assists
5.0 rebounds
2.5 steals
1.3 blocks
.542 FG
.500 3-PT
Wizards 4-0

John Wall. Eastern Conference Player of the Week., The Wizards survived Sunday Funday with a grind-out win over the Utah Jazz yesterday, winning their 7th game in a row at the Verizon Center and improving their home record to 12-2. That's their best start at home in franchise history., The numbers show that John Wall has escalated himself into the same class as Chris Paul, and that's a pretty big deal. 

Through 21 games this season, Wall averages more points and assists, has more double-doubles and more games with 10+ assists. 

The last meeting between these two happened almost exactly a year ago in DC where the Wizards lost to the Clips 113-97. Paul dominated the floor with 38 points and 12 assists, while Wall finished with 24 points and 12 assists. Wall, who is a man of grudges, surely remembers last year's blowout and CP3's big game and hopes to get his vengeance this time around.

More in our Wizards-Clippers pregame., What a lob by Andre Miller. Bradley Beal bringing it in, controlling, laying it up and in, and all well under 0.8 seconds. Amazing., Wizards - Magic Preview:

Can Paul Pierce stay consistent?

Can John Wall continue dominating with dimes?

Can Bradley Beal get it together?, On behalf of all cancer survivors: thank you, John Wall., Devon Still's message to John Wall: "man to man I respect the hell out of you for everything you did for Miyah and her family."

 #RIPMiyah, On Monday evening, a grieving John Wall willed his Wizards against the Boston Celtics and helped the team overcome a near-collapse with a thrilling double overtime victory, scoring 26 points and reaching a career high of 17 assists in the process. In loving memory, John dedicated the win and his performance to Miyah Nelson, his 6-year old friend who had passed away from cancer earlier in the day., This is so great. Deadspin readers obliterate Colin Cowherd in the comments after John Wall's emotional post-game breakdown., John Wall woke up to a devastating text message yesterday: his buddy, little 6-year old Miyah whom he had been supporting and helping through her battle with cancer, had passed away.

Struck by the emotions, Wall would later will his Wizards past the Boston Celtics in a double overtime thriller, scoring 26 points and getting a career high 17 assists in the process. After the game, Wall dedicated the win to Miyah.

You simply cannot ask for more than a world class athlete and human being as the leader of your franchise. Our thoughts and prayers are with the family of Miyah, and our support and love for John Wall continues to increase.

Rest in Peace, Miyah Telemaque-Nelson., An opportunity for redemption awaits the Washington Wizards tonight.

Wizards - Celtics Part 2. Here's your game preview., The Wizards got bullied in Beantown for 36 minutes, but a late lineup adjustment saved them from total embarrassment., TV UPDATE: Please switch your tubes from Fox to CSN immediately. An 18-point Wizards deficit has now shrunk to 7 in the 4th quarter., The best thing to happen to Redskins fans this season is a Wizards game tipping off at the same time. MAKE THE RIGHT MOVE.

Wizards at Celtics, 1PM.

#dcRISING, Paul Pierce returns to Boston for the first time as a Washington Wizard this afternoon.

His emotions about coming back are surely no secret, and if the Wizards want him to overcome them and get it going, he's going to have to start early.

Also, the Celtics lead the league in 'pace' (possessions per game) which is a testament to their similarly uptempo offense. They are 2nd in the league in team assists and happen to employ the NBA's leader in assists per game, Rajon Rondo., Back-to-back-to-back 3's.

The Wizards present to you..

"Lord of the Threes" Trilogy, starring John Wall and Bradley Beal.

https://t.co/9u4uRb3pPc
https://t.co/Ykf6c7G3sq
https://t.co/LN2i839LI1, 52% FG.
35 assists on 45 buckets.
12 steals and 11 blocks.
50 bench points.
50 points in the paint.

#dcRISING? Nah. DC has RISEN., The Wizards are NO joke this season!!

They beat the Denver Nuggets tonight by 30 (THIRTY), 119-89.

John Wall had 12 assists and six Wizards players finished in double figures., What are our wonderful Wizards of Washington up to these days in the real world outside of basketball?

> John Wall welcomes home his buddy Meek Mill.

> Happy birthday to Kevin Seraphin! Tonight, he'll be partying at Rosebar so we thought it'd be fun to imagine what exactly happens at a #KSLife birthday party. 

> Marcin Gortat has an interesting theory on how a selfie should be taken.

Check all of it out in this week’s edition of Wizards Weekly.., A few jabs at some recent ex-Wizards. Paying homage to a former Bullet/Nugget. Analysis, areas of focus, injury report.

Must be a Wizards - Nuggets game preview!, So, SO much to love about how the Wizards played against the Lakers last night.

John Wall pushed and pushed and pushed the ball up and down court all night, leaving the Lakers defenders with no chance to keep up. He also achieved a season-high in assists with 15 and did a nice little shimmy dance on the floor after getting fouled by Kobe on a 3-point shot (must see).

Bradley Beal. FINALLY coming around and performing the way we've been longing him to. He poured in 27 points, scoring from downtown and at the rim all night long.

How amazing has Kris Humprhies been for the Wizards, especially without Nene in the lineup? Humph grabbed 20..count 'em: TWENTY rebounds last night, opening up the floor for the Wizards offensively.

Marcin Gortat's pick and roll game with John Wall is nearing perfection. Gortat made 9 baskets last night, all of them in the paint, with 5 of them assisted by Wall. 

Game notes, highlights, key stats as well as the play of the night along everything else you may have missed or simply want to relive is all HERE in our Wizards Game Notebook., "All these diamonds in my chain I might blind y'all.. I keep 2 shooters wit me call me John Wall."

Shy Glizzy's "John Wall" joint is cool and all if you like your favorite basketball star getting some exposure. The song itself though, I mean, you decide for yourself., Last night at the Verizon Center, the Wizards pulled off a wire-to-wire dominance of the Miami Heat, beating them 107-86.

John Wall put up 18 points and 13 assists. Marcin Gortat finished with 15 points and 10 rebounds and the entire Wizards starting 5 sat out the entire 4th quarter as the bench mob cleaned up and put the game away.

Check out our Wizards-Heat Game Notebook for game notes, key stats, the play of the game & VINES!, GAME TIP: Wizards must be wary of Dwyane Wade tonight. In the first game between the Wizards and Heat, the Wiz trailed by just 2 points with under 5 minutes left in the 4th quarter. DWade then burned them for 12 pts in final 4 minutes and the Heat won by just that many points..12., Hey Marcin, Nene's going to be out again tonight so if you can get off to another one of those fast starts, that would be great., In today's Wizards - Heat game preview, we take a look at how history has proven that when Marcin Gortat takes 15+ shot attempts in a game, it usually results in a pretty good game for him. One key for the Wizards tonight is to get him in a groove early.

Dwyane Wade has been a flat out beast this season when healthy. Before his 7-game absence, Wade was averaging 20 points and 6 assists. In his first game back against the Knicks on Sunday, Wade finished with 27 points 5 assists and 5 rebounds. In the season-opener against the Wizards, Wade went off for 12 points in the final 5 minutes to put the game away for the Heat. MORAL OF THE STORY: He must be contained!

#WizHeat tonight at 7pm at Verizon. Be sure to follow along with us here on Facebook and on Twitter @HoopDistrictDC., Wizards - Cavs rematch tonight!!!, A stinker in DC caused by turnovers, bad defense, and substandard shooting.

The cure: 'amensia', as Bradley Beal put it., WIZARDS vs. HAWKS PREVIEW:

Drew Gooden may get the start tonight for the injured Nene. Last time the Wizards played the Hawks, Gooden had a monster game of 16 points, 8 rebounds, and 5-5 shooting.

This was also the game where John Wall hit a 3, ran down the court and pounded his chest yelling "This is MY city!" You can relive that moment in this post as well.

KEY FACT: Wizards are 5-1 at home. Hawks are 1-4. #ProtectTheBooth.

More pregame stuff in the link below.

#dcRISING, They thought the Wizards would unravel on the night after they defeated the Cavaliers.

Yeah right.

After falling big early, the Wizards - led by Paul Pierce and John Wall - swung the game by 31 points to take down the Bucks in Milwaukee.

Recap, analysis, Vine highlights, and the play of the night all in your Wiz-Bucks game notebook., What a win for the Wizards. So many narratives tonight: Kyrie vs. Wall. LeBron's return. And all of them were told in DC's favor.

Also, John Wall has continuously demanded to us how much he uses his game to handle his grudges. Remember- over the summer Kyrie Irving was picked over John to join Team USA and so tonight, Wall made sure he took Kyrie's soul when he came to DC.

#Wizards #BestBackcourtLivesinDC #dcRISING, The WIZARDS., The best Wizards fan we've seen at the game so far., Just about go time from Verizon Center!!! Let's GOOO!!!!, Roughly 2 hours from now, LeBron will occupy this space with his played out pregame ritual and the rivalry begins again!, NEW Wizards Weekly:

-> Gearing up for a new Wiz-Cavs saga
-> the return of the Panda
-> a FIFA match on the Verizon Center jumbotron, Imagine if Bradley Beal did this after hitting a 3 tonight. Verizon Center would probably explode.

http://hoopdistrict.net/wizards-vs-cavs-game-preview-rivalry-rekindled/, Grab yo gat. Call yo clique. The Wizards - Cavs rivalry is back! Here's a bomb ass game preview to get you in tune., Nene, Kevin Seraphin and Otto Porter playing FIFA on the Verizon Center jumbotron., Well this is a sweet cover photo for the new edition of SLAM Magazine.

Also a great, great piece regarding all the struggles John Wall had to endure to finally find success in the NBA. MUST read!

http://www.slamonline.com/john-wall/#.VG4d0Mo25O8, John Wall 'The Acrobat' during layup line. Through the legs reverse in slow-mo., Here is your Wizards - Mavericks game preview:

The Mavericks lead the league in points per game at 109. They are also top 5 in assists per game. Catch the drift here? This is by far the Wizards' biggest test not only defensively, but also on offense as the Wiz will need to try to match the Mavs' efficient scoring, bucket for bucket.

Other areas of focus:

-Disrupting Monta Ellis and getting him out of rhythm.

-Dictating the paint and crashing the boards. The Mavs rank 23rd in the league in total rebounds.

-Dirk Nowitzki. Because, well, of course Dirk Nowitzki.

More content below.., UPDATE: So while Bradley Beal has been medically cleared to resume playing basketball, he told reporters this morning that it is ultimately his decision whether he does play or not. That may end up being a game time decision. It is confirmed, however, that if he does play, he will NOT be starting and will be on a minutes limit., Ummmmmmmm...

Bradley Beal's back!!!, The Washington Wizards are 7-2. Their best start in 40 years., Here is how the Wizards' Christmas Day jerseys will look like this year., Here's our favorite Wizards plays from this past week:

John Wall goes lefty; Rasual Butler cashes in; and Nene's great touch with his interior passing. Also our top play of the week was a beauty.

View them all here.., I know you all are yearning for Wizards basketball but we've got one more night off before the Magic tomorrow night at The Booth. If you need to catch up on some great content, here are some links.

Go behind the scenes of Wizards-Pistons with our Tales from the Booth post:
http://hoopdistrict.net/tales-booth-wizards-vs-pistons-11122014/

The best Wiz-Pistons recap in the universe:
http://hoopdistrict.net/wizards-notebook-game-8-night-rasual-butler-took-f-street/

Bradley Beal's artful jump shot:
http://hoopdistrict.net/bradley-beals-shooting-form-release-work-art/, Charles Barkley prefers to use 'Bullets' when talking about DC's professional basketball team, because....

"Calling them the Wizards, that's just stupid.", Go behind the scenes with us as we take you through all the sights and sounds of the Wizards-Pistons game from the Verizon Center. 

Featured in this edition:

-A GOLD reaction from Paul Pierce after a Glen Rice Jr. dunk fail during pregame warmups.

-Bradley Beal continues to look sharp as he recovers from his wrist injury.

-A Tim Hardaway Sr. sighting

-Marcin Gortat always finding time to kick it with the kids before a game.

-Cool slow-mo videos of Paul Pierce shooting and Gortat dunking.

That, and plenty more. Have a glance., For the second consecutive game, the Wizards bench rose to the occasion, scoring 39 points and providing a HUGE 4th quarter performance from .. wait for it .. Rasual Butler!! Butler scored 11 points in the final period including the go ahead free throws to seal the win for the Wizards over Detroit

Oh, and the 27 points/11 assists from John Wall to go with the 14 points/13 rebounds from Marcin Gortat helped a little too :)

The Wizards are now sitting pretty with a 6-2 record and 3-0 at the Verizon Center where they'll play their next 3 games.

Relive last night's Wizards-Pistons action by way of our jam-packed game notebook., Glen Rice Jr. gets stuck at the rim; Paul Pierce can't help but react., Our Wizards - Pistons game preview spotlights Nene and Josh Smith, warns you of Greg Monroe, and tries to offer a solution on how to jump start Paul Pierce., Watching Bradley Beal's shooting form and release in slow motion is like admiring the elegance of artwork. Check it out., Game notes, recaps, Vines, etc. from this past weekend's Wizards action:

Purpled Out in Toronto: http://hoopdistrict.net/wizards-notebook-game-6-purpled-toronto/

Surviving Solomon Hill in Indiana: http://hoopdistrict.net/wizards-notebook-game-7-another-late-scare-survived-indiana/, Randy Wittman's Wiz-Raptors post game. Watch at your own discretion., ..........., #Wizards at #Raptors Game Preview: #TakeTheNorth http://wp.me/p3yNHx-23F, The generation of social media we are living in today has bridged many connections between fans and the rest of the sports world, granting access to their favorite teams and athletes. So bringing back a segment we featured in the past is one that reveals anything Wizards-related in the media including tweets, Facebook statuses, Instagram posts, or commercials they've starred in. Whether it’s posted by a Wizard or about a Wizard, we’ll be sure to find it, and expose it.

Here's our first edition of "Wizards Weekly", featuring Paul Pierce's Halloween costume, DeJuan Blair's appreciation for a good meme, and Kevin Seraphin's love for the English language., As we get close to Wizards-Raptors tonight, here's a closer look at Drake, the world's #1 fanboy from Canada, for no other reason except that it's hilarious., Enjoy your lunch over some of the top Wizards plays from the past week. Warning: there's a lot of John Wall., Tales from the Booth: #Wizards vs. #Pacers 11/5/2014 A quick look back as we turn our focus to the #Raptors, John Wall, showcasing for the world after he drops 7 of the Wizards' 12 overtime points to down the Pacers at the Verizon Center on national TV.

Revisit his monster night here in our Wizards game notebook., The Wizards are 4-1 without Bradley Beal. The Cavs are 1-3 with LeBron James.

Chew on that., End of 3 at Verizon. The Wizards lead the Pacers 66-61. Wall has 20 points and 7 assists. Wiz still shooting very poorly (36%) but luckily so are the Pacers (35%).

Let's finish this right., Andre Miller just pump faked his defender out his shoes and socks. They're being distributed as charity outside the arena if anyone is interested., The Wizards and Pacers are knotted at 24 after the 1st quarter. Wiz shot only 8-for-22, but the good news is Garrett Temple and Otto Porter have shown up to play once again. Temple leads all Wizards with 8 points; Otto hit a last second 3 to end the quarter., Kevin Seraphin isn't quite over getting dismissed from the second round of the Eastern Conference Finals by the Pacers last year.

And after his comments regarding how he feels about the rematch with Indy, tonight just got realer., TRAP GAME ALERT:

With the Wizards soaring on a 3-game win streak, coming back home to play the second of a back-to-back against a very shorthanded Pacers team could mean unexpected trouble.

We preview:, Vine-lights, key stats, and a John Wall turnaround fadeaway jumper to shut off the MSG lights.

Everything you need to relive last night's big win in New York is all here in our Game Notebook., Amazing defense. Amazing bench unit. Sound basketball. Contributions from EVERYONE. What a great win over the Knicks tonight at the Garden.

This is Wizards basketball, folks., Wizards at Knicks game preview:

-Forcing tough shots for Carmelo Anthony.

-Getting even contributions on offense and rebounding.

-Will Otto shine under Garden lights?, The absolute nerve of Trevor Booker to begin developing a 3-point shot after he leaves Washington., Your Morning Wiz: An observation of Randy Wittman's lineup 'experiments' and reasons why you shouldn't worry about the Wizards bench issues...yet., New to Hoop District this year is an awesome featured post "Tales from the Booth" where we share all the Verizon Center experiences from Wizards home games that you don't see on TV. Check it out and enjoy!, Go ahead and relive Saturday night and all its glory with our Wizards game notebook from the Wiz-Bucks game. DO IT., Listen to those "OT-TO POR-TER" chants!, John Wall has produced a double double in all 3 games so far this season, including a 19 point-10 assist game tonight. But y'all go ahead and keep saying he's not elite :), No Pierce? NO PROBLEM.

Otto Porter steps in after Paul got ejected, promptly pours in a career high 21 points. Garrett Temple also scored a career high of 18 points. 

Wizards beat the Bucks 108-97., Paul Pierce was ejected from the game after picking up two consecutive technical fouls for arguing with ref. Pierce wasn't happy with a clear-path foul he was charged with.

I guess it's time to get 'em, Otto., #Wizards lead the #Bucks 49-44 at the half. Marcin Gortat and Nene have combined for 13-15 shooting and 30 points., WIZARDS HOME OPENER TONIGHT!!! Like Paul Pierce said, we must protect our house so we're definitely expecting a packed Verizon Center tonight. Who's going?!

#Wizards #HomeOpener #ProtectTheBooth, The Wizards nearly blew a 17-point lead last night in Orlando, bu then John Wall and Paul Pierce happened. Get used to it, NBA.

Anything you missed or anything you need to see again, all jam-packed here in our Wizards game notebook., The Wizards remain in Florida for one more night as they complete a season opening road back-to-back. Tonight, they're in Orlando with Nene and DeJuan Blair in the lineup after serving their one-game suspension.

Keys to a Wizards win:

-> keep doing what they do and that's run and make plays in transition. Wall is masterful at controlling speed down court and that's something that defense have a hard time adjusting to.

-> the bench needs to step up. Last night, we noticed the primary group off the bench is Miller, Otto, Rasual Butler, Humphries, and Seraphin. Besides Otto, not much else was really working. The Wizards need to improve here.

More in our #WizHeat game preview, including a reminder of the time John Wall's speed left Kyle O'Quinn stunned cold., Check out a new style of game recapping with our massively digital data-filled Wizards Game Notebook. Included is quarter-by-quarter notes, the play of the night, and soon we'll be adding for tonight's game, we'll be including our Game MVP's and LVP's., Wizards down 99-92 with just 1:55 left in the 4th quarter, succumbing to some great shots by Norris Cole and Dwyane Wade. Wall, Temple, Pierce, Gooden and Gortat on the floor to try to close this out., Wizards trail the Heat 53-52 at the half. Drew Gooden, yes, DREW GOODEN leads all Wiz in points with 13. Paul Pierce has 11 so far. John Wall with NINE assists in the first half.

Be sure to follow every Wizards game with us on Twitter @HoopDistrictDC. Live Vine-lights, commentary and minute-by-minute updates from each and every game!, Wale has been selected to be the Wizards "Creative Liaison" and will be performing live during the team's player introduction before their home opener against the Bucks on Saturday. This is said to be the beginning of several planned initiatives for Wale and the Wiz this season., Tonight at 7:30, The Mohawk’d Machine faces off against Stegosaurus ungulatus in the spotlight matchup for tonight's Wizards-Heat season opener.

Also, keys to a Wizards win: Dominate the guards, get creative on offense, control the tempo and fake crowd noise at AA Arena (surely you didn't forget about that).

More in our #WizHeat game preview., What's ahead this season for John Wall?

Dealing with life after Trevor Ariza.

Paul Pierce's leadership role.

Otto's evolution.

Season predictions.

Saam, Joe, Abdullah and Jamal discuss it all here. Feel free to join them in the comments below., John Wall's new Adidas shoe commercial shows some undesirable life sequences for him. And it's very funny., Nothing like getting your #KD2DC hormones hopping on a fine Monday afternoon., Joakim Noah ranks 12th in ESPN's #NBARank, but last in Paul Pierce's heart., SO MUCH JOHN WALL LAST NIGHT AT THE GARDEN!!

The game was lost in the end after a Carmelo jumper in the final seconds but the Wizards did come away from this preseason finale with a lot of promise and good feelings about their offense. John Wall (29 points) and Otto Porter (22) were running and gunning all night - hopefully a testament for what's to come all season.

All you need regarding last night's game, including Otto and Wall game highlights, here:, John Wall's #NBARank at 18 is high enough for him to realize star status; low enough to piss him off and push him even harder., From ESPN: John Wall comes in at #18 in the 2014 NBA Player Rankings. This puts him in front of Kyrie Irving, Derrick Rose and, yes..Kobe Bryant.

Factors that led ESPN to their decision:

-> Wall led the league with 7,840 total touches (the number of times a player touches and possesses the ball), which is 507 more touches than the next player (Kemba Walker).

-> Wall led the league with 721 total assists last season., Professor Miller out here rockin' cornrows for some ungodly reason. (via Truth About It)., The Wizards will wear their new navy alternate uniforms 13 times this season, including twice at home. They'll also wear their road red uniforms at the Verizon Center twice, once for the "Best Backcourt" Bowl on November 21 against the Cavs, and once again on April 3 against the Knicks. 

Here is the complete alternate uniform schedule., It's official: the Wizards have signed John Lucas III.

While he's not quite the stat sheet filler, Lucas comes in as a decent, situational void-filler..at least the Wizards hope.., The Wizards have announced they've signed John Lucas III to a non-guaranteed contract to partially fill a void in the backcourt. Lucas last played for the Utah Jazz, but Wiz fans may remember him from January 2012 with the Bulls, when he started in his first NBA game ever and torched the Wizards for 25 points, 8 rebounds and 8 assists.

Welcome to DC, Luc!, Bradley Beal was as least praiseful as possible about the Cavs' big 3: "On paper, they look unbeatable. But at the same time they put on their pants the same way we do."

Check out the rest of John Wall and Bradley Beal's interview with ESPN's Britt McHenry as they discuss injuries, more Cavs, and being the best backcourt in the league., From last night:

Otto Porter's stat line against Maccabi Haifa was pure beaut. That kind of reliability can go a LONG way in this league and it's exactly why the Wizards drafted him.

Glen Rice rolled on his ankle and is listed as day-to-day, because #SoWizards. The Wiz are hopeful the swelling will decrease and his ankle is functional enough to let Rice make it in time for the season debut on October 29. 

With players dropping like flies this preseason, will Randy Wittman try to preserve his veterans a bit more as we approach the end of these useless games? Both Nene and Paul Pierce rested last night, while John Wall played just the 1st quarter. Let's hope Witt continues that trend.

More stuff here in our Game Notebook, including game highlights and video of that outrageous block by Otto Porter., So Otto just swatted a shot all the way out to Friendship Heights., Check out our new and improved Wizards game preview! We kick it off with a preview of tonight's preseason match between the Wiz and Israel's Maccabi Haifa., Securing the future: Per the Wizards press release, the team has exercised the 4th year option on Bradley Beal as well as the 3rd year option on Otto Porter. 

“Bradley and Otto are both big pieces of the core group of players that we will build around as we continue to improve our team. We look forward to them playing significant roles in our success both now and in the future.” - Ernie Grunfeld, Here's a video of the Wizards singing Happy Birthday to Paul Pierce, courtesy of Marcin Gortat's Instagram account and hashtags., From Fort Belvoir: John Wall seeks guidance from The Truth; Paul Pierce is 37 years young! And Marcin Gortat conducts an interview with.....himself?, Bradley Beal may miss 6-8 weeks with a broken wrist. Please excuse us while we slit ours. #SoWizards, #DCCurse knows no end. A source has told Washington Post's Jorge Castillo that Bradley Beal's wrist injury is "not good...he'll be out.", BREAKING: The NBA has suspended Nene, DeJuan Blair, Daniel Orton, and Xavier Silas for the opening game of the season for leaving the bench during Paul Pierce and Joakim Noah's altercation., If you're as old as some of us, then you'll remember Glen Rice in the 90s. No, not baby Glen, Jr. but his father, the vicious 3-point marksman of a who thrived for the Heat, Hornets, and Lakers.

Glen Junior has stated that he wants to implement a lot of his dads skills in his game and over the course of the Summer League and one preseason game, we've seen some of daddy's skills beginning to develop, especially the long ball.

The Wizards are in dire need of a playmaking guard off the bench to help Bradley Beal and they've put all their chips on Glen Rice, Jr. to fill that role. We discuss here., Last week at Wes Unseld's Celebrity Roast event, Abdullah and Joe were given the liberty to spend a few minutes with Wizards owner Ted Leonsis. We were able to discuss a variety of topics with him, including the man of the hour Wes Unseld, the acquisition of Paul Pierce, the outlook on John Wall, and also the fact that growing up in New York, Ted was a fan of a team that rivaled the Bullets. Check it out!, Photo Courtesy ~ Joe Glorioso / Hoop District, null, You may or may not label these new-attitude Wizards the 'DC Bad Boys' now, but there's a good chance you will soon. 

We've been hearing all summer about a new team approach in DC and last night, the Wizards put their money where their mouth is. , How can you not be excited about a hookah smoking, double-double machine that's nicknamed "The Hammer"?

The answer is, you are excited. Don't fight it.

Ever since Marcin Gortat landed in DC, he's been a game-changing difference. And quite honestly, we don't expect much of that to change this season. Here's his player preview., Not even 5 minutes of the game had gone by and Paul Pierce was already squaring up against Joakim Noah. #DCBadBoys, With the increase in depth in the Wizards front court, could this allow our oft-injured Brazilian big man to stay fresher? 

Lots of Nene visuals from last season (especially that Bulls-Wiz palyoff series) in this latest player preview. Because it's what you want., Hey Wizards fans, to hell what Dion Waiters thinks! Kris Humphries touted his new backcourt teammates after practice yesterday., VIDEO: John Wall sounds off on his competitiveness: "I always got an edge. Basketball isn't forever, so I always give 110%.", Missing Gortat here, but we'll still call these guys DC's Fantastic 4. (Photo courtesy of Joe Glorioso), 3 things Paul Pierce brings to the WIzards: filling an offensive void, lineup creativity, and late game heroics. Here's his player preview, via Jamal A. Smith., After a hype summer in Vegas, the bar for young bashful Otto in year two has been set pretty high. Here is our latest Wizards player preview., John Wall destroys Dion Waiters after we informed him of his remarks about the Wizards backcourt., Today at training camp practice, John Wall took a hard jab at Dion Waiters, who previously said that Bradley Beal's idea that the Wizards had the best backcourt was "nonsense."

Said Wall in response to Waiters: “They haven’t seen a playoff game yet, so when they make one, they can start talking. If you’re going to be the best backcourt, you have to start. This is the year he’s probably starting, so let’s see if they’re the best backcourt.”

Shots have been fired and this Wiz-Cavs rivalry has fully unraveled again, Wizards fans.

That story plus more notes from the opening day of Wizards training camp here:, VIDEO: Wizards Media Day 2014, shot and produced by Abdu11ah.

[Disclaimer: this will get you super-psyched for Wiz basketball] , Our multimedia recap from Wizards Media Day 2014-15, courtesy of Abdullah and Joe. Enjoy!, ESPN' Marc Stein ain't lyin'. With the Wizards ranked 9th in his preseason NBA power rankings, it make us plenty jittery. The Wiz are ranked ahead of four 50-win teams from last season (Toronto, Memphis, Houston, and Miami).

#BringOnBasketball
#dcRISING, Signing with the Wizards may end up becoming the best thing to ever happen in Kris Humprhies' NBA career. Our latest player preview details why., New addition to the Wizards starting lineup this season: Marcin Gortat's mohawk., When DeJuan Blair was signed to the Wizards this past summer, he was excited about the opportunity to bring his Playoffs/Finals experience on to a young, up and coming team.

"I’m still young so I’m just trying to have fun and take Washington to places that they never been. It takes a team and I think we have a great team and a great organization to do it. D.C. is rising and we all just got to take it one day at a time and get better and become a unit."

Learn more about what DeJuan expects to bring on the floor this season with the Wizards., High octane energy is what Drew Gooden provided for the Wizards 2nd unit last season. Will we see a continuance of that this year? We explore in our latest player preview., Wizards backup guard Garrett Temple is a staple of locker room bonding and team chemistry, a huge reason why he remains in DC. 
Our player previews continue..., "Last year, being off the court worked to Rice’s benefit, as he did not subject fans to some of the league’s worst hair. Rivaling the likes of only Tony Snell, Kawhi Leonard, James Johnson, and an effigy of Rony Turiaf, Rice confidently donned a bed of gel twists – previously seen at an early 2000s Ginuwine concert."

That, and more insights on Glen Rice, Jr. as our Wizards player previews roll on!, Our Wizards player previews for 2014-15 kick off today starting at the end of the bench with Kevin Seraphin.

After finishing last season with a career low in minutes played, Seraphin finds himself at the bottom of a front court depth chart bolstered with better talent. How much of an opportunity will #KSLife have to showcase his value before entering the summer of 2015 as an unrestricted free agent? We explore here.., Coming soon..., Loving the #Nats! Loving #DC! Loving John Wall in a Washington Nationals uniform!

#dcRISING, Let this image of Paul Pierce in a #Wizards uni soak in for a good moment., The new Wizards court design is perfect., David Aldridge reported earlier today that the Wizards have hired former NBA combo guard Howard Eisley to take over Sam Cassell’s spot on the coaching staff. If you’re old enough, you’ll remember Eisley as part of the late 90s Utah Jazz teams where he was the consummate backup point guard for John Stockton during their years as Western Conference champs.

Here's why Eisley should be a good fit for the Wizards coaching staff., Okay so recently this week SportsNation tweeted Kevin Love's picture with his new #0 Cavs jersey and absurdly labeled it "The New Agent Zero", drawing fury over Wizards Nation.

Here's us calling for Gilbert Arenas to, if anything, offer a reaction to this nonsense using his unmatched Instagram humor.

We're definitely excited this renewed rivalry is continuing to stir between the Wizards and Cavs, but "The New Agent Zero"?? NO THANKS, BRUH.

SAY NO TO "THE NEW AGENT ZERO"!!, via Lakers Nation:

"Kobe Bryant told friends that the player he is analyzing, as an example of adjusting your game as you get older, is fellow 36-year-old Paul Pierce. This is part of his goal to become 'more efficient' on the court.", One of the key moments of this past Wizards offseason was the unveiling of their new alternate uniforms. This reminded our Joe Glorioso of a long history of both great and terrible Wizards/Bullets logos and jerseys. From the inaugural Chicago Packers of the early 60s and those funky Zephyrs jerseys, to the awesome red white and blue striped Bullets of the 1970s, and all the way up to the re-branded bronze and blue Wizards, Joe recollects it all so please enjoy.

Also be sure to share with us which logo/jersey combo is most memorable to you., #TBT (from 2011 training camp): When Flip awarded Andray Blatche the hard hat after practice, who then generously handed it to JaVale McGee., #TBT: John Wall's "supporting cast", and lots of towels to the face., "Great Wall" at the Great Wall. John promotes his new Adidas shoe line and "JW" logo. (Photos included), We'll truly miss the ageless Dick Bavetta! In commemoration, we post this relevant photo., As we close in on the start of training camp in about a month, here's a friendly reminder that the Wizards will have Paul Pierce getting the ball dished to him from John Wall this season., As we noted last week, the Wizards are slated to play in front of a national TV audience on 10 occasions  this coming season and we're salivating over the various storylines that'll be featured. Wall vs. Kyrie. Wall vs. Rose. KD at Verizon. The Knicks on Christmas. A rematch with the Pacers.

Which national matchup are you looking forward to the most?, 10.. count em.. TEN nationally televised Wizards games coming up this season. Official report coming from us soon..

#dcRISING, Feast your eyes on these assist numbers, Wizards fans. John Wall is all over it, and leading all players in corner-3 and wing-3 assists., The Wizards have released their preseason schedule for 2014. Key games are the preseason opener at Chicago (Wall vs. Rose), the 2nd annual Baltimore classic against the Pelicans, and a home game versus Israel's Maccabi Haifa., Al Harrington is heading off to play basketball in China this coming season, but has stated his plans to return to the Wizards as a member of the coaching staff. Harrington's contributions to the Wizards and his ambition to be a part of their future proves the right direction the team is headed. And for that, we say thank you, farewell, and good luck, Uncle Al. Here's a column by Abdullah highlighting his one and only season in DC., Our man @SwedenDC with another photoshop gem. Here's Doc Rivers flurrying away with Sam (E.T.) Cassell, and Randy Wittman and Ernie Grunfeld pedaling behind them., So long, Sam Cassell! After 5 wonderful years on the Wizards' coaching staff, Cassell has opted to join the LA Clippers, leaving behind two rising backcourt stars he helped develop.

As Cassell prepares to join L.A., we share some lasting memories of his time in DC., The Washington Wizards may be getting a Christmas Day date with Carmelo Anthony, Derek Fisher and the traveling Phil Jackson Knickerbockers of New York. With that there is word Christmas jerseys may be coming too. This would be the third uniform announcement this summer for Los Wizards, the second to not include the word 'Wizards'. Could they be setting up for a drop of the Wizards name in a couple years? What if we were simply called DC, or Washington Basketball? Why use a mascot when you can represent a city. Just a thought., It's not that we have favorites but these beautiful ladies have been with us from the start. If you have Twitter, please tweet: My @WizardGirlsNBA vote is #BRITTNEYforWG #JOANNAforWG #JULIAforWG #TARAforWG #AMBERforWG, via CSN Washington: The MVP was very complimentary of John Wall and Bradley Beal at Team USA camp.

On Beal, KD said, "He's one of those guys that's going to be a treat to watch for the next 10-15 years."

But we all know he meant to say "play with".., #Dont #talk #about #Gortats #hashtags, Now that John Wall will be given the opportunity to showcase his prowess in front of his Team USA coaches and teammates, we're suffering from the anxiety over whether or not he’ll make the squad. So for that reason, Abdullah has decided to create some fiction about how John will win some hearts in Vegas. Enjoy!, Per ESPN's Marc Stein, after initially getting snubbed from the USA select roster, word is that John Wall WILL in fact be joining Bradley Beal in Las Vegas for Team USA camp beginning this Monday.

#WizKids #HouseOfGuards #TeamUSA #DashAndSplashTakeOverAmerica, The Bullets, via @SwedenDC., And he's not even 24 yet. #Wizards, While the rest of the league was in limbo over the Lebron/Carmelo free agency sweepstakes, the Wizards knew exactly how they wanted to play out their offseason., FYI, our talented photo man Joe Glorioso has created a pretty solid archive of original Wizards photography on the Hoop District website. Photos from Media Day 2013 have been updated., The Wizards introduce their new alternate away jerseys for this coming season. Who else is in love??, Your NBA Summer League leading scorer and Most Valuable Player.

Glen Rice, Jr., The growth spurts of Otto and Rice has coined them "Junior Mafia" and has helped storm the #Wizards through Vegas: http://wp.me/p3yNHx-1M6, Can you remember how long it's been since we last enjoyed such a great #Wizards offseason of free agency, Summer League ball, AND a really hopeful future?, If you use Vine, be sure to add us @HoopDistrict for all your Wizards Summer League highlights., Glen Rice, Jr. went off for 36 points last night in the Summer League tournament quarterfinal against San Antonio, including this sick buzzer-beater to tie it up and send it to a 3rd OT. He went 11-21 from the field and added 11 rebounds. Otto Porter joined in on the damage with 27 of his own. #JuniorMafia, Meet Glen Rice, Jr. and Otto Porter, Jr. aka Junior Mafia (nickname credit to @ImDavidDunn)., The Wizards officially announce the acquisition of Kris Humphries from Boston in exchange for a protected 2nd round pick in 2015.

Ernie: “Kris is a proven veteran and will be a versatile addition to our frontcourt, giving us the option to use him as either a power forward or a center,”, Kevin Seraphin returning to DC only proves no city is more accommodating to Segway riders., Drew Gooden has re-signed with the Wizards, per Wizards PR. Terms of the deal still not disclosed.

Long live "the shrug"., Not much can be found on the internet regarding the Wizards' summer league 'blockmeister' Daniel Theis. But in this post you'll find what what the prospect out of Germany did for the Wiz last night, and why he may be a candidate to make the final roster., If you missed last night's Wizards-Heat quarterfinal match in the Summer League tournament, it's cool. Just know the Wizards won, Otto and Glen Rice Jr. balled out (per usual), and THIS happened. Meet Daniel Theis. You might hear about him again., ICYMI from yesterday: Joe explains how the summer of Otto & Glen Rice, Jr. has been the perfect complement to a great offseason so far: 
, Busy offseason for Wizards but don't sleep on Porter and Rice Show http://wp.me/p3yNHx-1L9, The Wizards have officially announced the signing of Paul Pierce! In his address, Ernie praised Pierce for his "championship experience" and "history of clutch play"., Ernie Grunfeld is continuing to throttle NBA free agency this summer. The Wizards have agreed to a sign-and-trade deal that will bring ex-Mavericks power forward DEJUAN BLAIR to the Wizards. Can you say a STACKED front court? Blair is the exact grizzly type interior man that can be the difference maker on any given night. More details to come., One measure of increased popularity is when your team gets invited to participate in the NBA's Hispanic Heritage celebration this upcoming season. Only seven other teams participate with their "Noche Latina" jerseys: Los Bulls, El Heat, Los Suns, Los Spurs, Los Lakers, and Los Rockets.

Introducing, Los Wizards!, Our guy Joe Glorioso points out some glaring 'truths' about the impending state of popularity of the Wizards after their acquisitions of Paul Pierce and Kris Humphries. You're going to love what you read., A sad farewell to Trevor Booker, and a warm welcome for Kris Humphries!

The Wizards top hustle and energy guy agreed to a deal with the Utah Jazz earlier this afternoon worth approx. $10 million over 2 years. 

Meanwhile, the Wizards inked the former Celtic Humphries to a 3-year, $13 million deal with a team option for the 3rd year.

Ernie is doing work this summer, y'all., Stephen A. Smith recently told ESPN 980's Brian Mitchell that according to his conversations with relatives and persons close to Kevin Durant, they told him IF Durant were to leave OKC in 2016, his only other choice would be to play with the Washington Wizards.

Why is Stephen A.'s insight valuable? Smith was the one who initially reported LeBron's options to stay in Cleveland or go to Miami in 2010 based on his sources. And Smith made a similar report a few weeks regarding LeBron going back to Cleveland. In other words, he's pretty credible with his inside connections.

Durant returning home is certainly still a fantasy, but it very well may fade into a reality. For now, Ernie and the gang are doing and will continue doing everything in their power over the next two seasons to be in good position to lure the NBA MVP back home.

And we'll keep hashtagging #KD2DC2016 in the meantime., A slow day in free agency after a fun-filled weekend of wheeling and dealing, so for today- here is a Abdullah's fun guide to understanding why having 'The Hammer' in D.C. is great entertainment-wise., According to Yahoo!'s Adrian Wojnarowski, the Wizards and Rockets agreed to a sign and trade for Trevor Ariza. Wiz get 8.5 million dollar trade exception. This is BIG, if true., Wizards fans had very little time for closure after our beloved Trevor Ariza bolted for Houston, but the consolation prize for his loss wasn't too shabby, either. Here's Abdullah's take on what Paul Pierce brings to the table for the Wizards this coming season, and what how it affects the Wizards from a salary cap standpoint.

Once again, welcome to D.C., Paul Pierce!, Welcome, everyone, The Truth to D.C.!!!, So long, Trevor! Thanks for 2 amazing seasons! We'll miss you for sure, but you'll for sure miss John Wall. Good luck in Houston!, Now that LeBron's gone home, KD- can you please do the same?

(photo shop courtesy of @DistrictMamba), We're winding down to the #1 Vine from last season. Here to present numbers 11-15, Mike Andrews shares a classic #HookahStep moment, a rattling chase-down block by John Wall, and a few great AARP moments., Our top 50 Wizards moments caught on Vine continue with John Wall destroying Kyle O'Quinn, Martell Webster's hatred for Lance Stephenson handchecks, and an #OttoOop.

Here are numbers 16 through 20, courtesy of Saam Bozorgmehr., Whether Trevor Ariza remains in DC or not, this is a huge summer for young Otto Porter, who is ready to finally make some noise this season for the Wizards., #Pray4Nene, This shirt Marcin Gortat is wearing at the Summer League games today makes us love the fact that he's a Wizard even more., Now that the Wizards have locked up Marcin Gortat, they've shifted their focus on retaining Trevor Ariza. After meeting with Ariza out in L.A. earlier this week, sources say that both parties are close to an agreement, and that the terms of the deal may be finalized as early as this evening.

Ariza flourished shooting the ball from downtown this past season, thanks in great part to his point guard, John Wall, who assisted 68% of those conversions. But while Ariza's placement in this Wizards offense has proved to be vital, the Wizards are not willing to pay him more than a certain amount of money, a number which they have not disclosed.

So, how much is too much to pay Trevor Ariza?, Take a lunch break from NBA free agency and relive Bradley Beal's memorable performance at Madison Square Garden back in April, where he outdueled Iman Shumpert and JR Smith to help the Wizards squeeze by the Knicks by 1.

This is the SPECIAL "Bradley Beal NYC takeover edition" of the countdown for the Top 50 Wizards moments from last season, courtesy of our own Zain Zaidi., After the season Marcin Gortat had for the Wizards, extending him for $12 million a year is just fine. He's totally worth it, right? But to extend him for 5 more years is what's had many Wizards fans feeling a little bit of discontentment given Gortat's age and the potential for his decline.

Ultimately, the deal for Gortat was inevitable. It was to be expected after the Wiz gave away a 1st round pick for him last year, and because he was the best center on the free agent market. To help you cope a little more, Abdullah explains in our latest column why it's okay that Marcin got the extension he did.

What are your thoughts?
, Happy 21st, Bradley Beal!!, Wizards PR reports that Martell Webster has undergone successful microdisectomy surgery to repair a herniated disc in his lower back and is "expected to miss approximately 3-5 months before resuming basketball activity."

Is the #FreeOtto campaign officially underway?, Take a break from all the post-draft nonsense and relive some more great #Wizards moments from last season: http://wp.me/p3yNHx-1HQ, So, Wizards fans, what is everyone's take on Ted and Ernie's decision to deal their 2nd round pick to LA in exchange for cash? With several roster spots open and open cap space, there didn't seem to be any real justification for opting away from selecting a young player. Are the Wizards just negligent in developing new talent? That's certainly how our Abdullah Sharif feels. Give us your thoughts., The #Wizards traded their only pick of the draft (46th overall) to the L.A. Lakers, who used the pick to draft Jordan Clarkson. Terms of the trade still unknown.

#ErnieStrikesAgain, And with the 46th pick... http://wp.me/p3yNHx-1Hh You're guide to the last 33 men selected 46th #NBA #Wizards, More from our Top 50 countdown for the best 2013-2014 Wizards moments caught on Vine! This one is special because it includes Otto Porter. , Moving on in our countdown for the top 50 Wizards moments from 2013-14, here are numbers 40 thru 36 which include a cute moment between star and coach, a nifty move by Trevor Booker, and some cameos from a few ex-Wizards., If Wizards draft prospect Sim Bhullar - a 7'5, 360 lb center from New Mexico State - gets picked, here's an idea for Bleacher Report's NBA Draft episode of 'Game of Zones', The Washington Wizards started off their 2013-14 season with Media Day and as always we were there to cover it. Hoop District was represented by Joe Zain and Saam and this is some of what they saw., John Wall's destructive acceleration, Bradley Beal's monster block, and a signature Martell Webster 4-point play helps continue our countdown for the top 50 Wizards moments from this past season. Here are numbers 45 through 41, narrated by Saam., In an attempt to preserve the memories of what many of us (reasonable) fans consider a successful 2013-14 Wizards campaign, we've decided to bless you all with the top 50 moments from the regular season, at least the ones caught on our Vine account. From signature 'Cook Book' dishes, to quirky Ariza moves, to those unforgettable 'dash-n-splash' sequences from Wall and Beal, we've got all the moving pixels you want to relive. Today, we begin with numbers 50 thru 46., The Wizards have officially signed Randy Wittman to a contract extension. The terms of the deal are not disclosed. Wittman will address the media tomorrow at 12PM at the Verizon Center., After coaching the Wizards to their first playoff appearance in six seasons, Randy Wittman is nearing terms on sign a 3-year extension. Considering the Wizards' intention to keep the current makeup of the team intact for next season, this may be the right move for them. Do you agree?, More closing statements from us: @Abdu11ah discusses the end to the #Wizards season last week and how much it stung. http://wp.me/p3yNHx-1Fl, Appreciating the struggle: DC is rising and so are expectations. @JoeGlo1 looks back at where we came from. http://wp.me/p3yNHx-1F0, Trevor Ariza told us that choosing a team in free agency is more than just about the money. Said he and his family love the DMV area and he loves his "brothers" aka his teammates. Re-sign him!, The theme of the #Wizards exit interviews this morning was brotherhood. The guys created so much chemistry this season not just by improving on the court, but bonding off the court. It's sad that the business aspect of the NBA will force some of these guys to split because most certainly no one wants to., "Remember when the Wizards made it to the 2nd rnd of the playoffs?" Great reflections on a GREAT season by @ZainZ24: http://wp.me/p3yNHx-1F4, What a run. What a season.

Who would've thought it'd get this far? Who knew the Wizards would lose Emeka Okafor only to replace him last minute with a double-double machine in Marcin Gortat? Who knew John Wall would break all career highs and finally become an All-Star? Who knew a 20 year old Bradley Beal would be part of a backcourt tandem labeled as future's best? Who knew Trevor Ariza would be the elite defender and sharp shooting 3-pt specialist he was this year? Who knew Nene would overcome injury after injury and destroy Joakim Noah in the playoffs? Who knew Drew Gooden would initially be signed to a 10-day contract only to become the backbone of this team in the playoffs? 

Who knew the Wizards would earn this much respect, accomplish this many feats, and have one of the brightest futures of any up and coming team in the NBA?

We did.

#dcRising, Randy Wittman advised us after Game 4 that John Wall's struggles and tribulations are all part of a "process" for growth. Well, last night John discovered a new element of that process: the bounce-back., OK so the quest for a dramatic series turnaround begins tonight. Can the Wizards defy improbability? http://wp.me/p3yNHx-1EP, It's no secret that John Wall has struggled through his first playoff campaign. But one thing that should never be questioned is his confidence. Abdullah provides the insights in his latest blog:, Come out to Public Bar in DuPont for a Game 5 watch party! We all know there's at least one Wizards game still left so let's get together and root against elimination. Join us along with our friends at Truth About It - Washington Wizards Blog, Bullets Forever and WizardsXTRA and plenty other die-hard Wizards fans and let's support our home squad against the Pacers. Here are all the details, via Adam McGinnis of Truth About It:

http://www.truthaboutit.net/2014/05/wizards-pacers-game-5-watch-party-tuesday-night-d-c-wizardstwitter.html, Demoralizing. Painful. #SoWizards return at most inopportune time. #Wizards - #Pacers Game 4 recap: http://wp.me/p3yNHx-1Eu, Roy Hibbert peaked, Wiz shot terribly & played off-pace, but lost by only 4; headed home tied 1-1. All shall be well http://wp.me/p3yNHx-1Eb, COMEDY: Analytics and advanced stats have shown the more David West scowl-faces, the higher probability Pacers lose. Read about it here:, At Hoop District, we care for our readers who enjoy TV dramas.  That's why in our latest post, we wonder which crime boss Frank Vogel should emulate to motivate his team for Game 2.

Spoiler alert: Do not read if for some questionable reason you have not watched Breaking Bad or the first Godfather movie.

Otherwise, please enjoy another wonderful column by Zain Zaidi., The #Wizards have been well-composed in these playoffs, credited to good coaching. Click here for some #WittmanLove: http://wp.me/p3yNHx-1D6, Confidence, energy, stout defense, and sharp 3-point shooting steered the Wizards to another playoff win on the road. Charles Barkley says this series will be a "quick and painless" victory for the Wizards. We'll see about that but for now, here's your Game 1 recap.

http://hoopdistrict.net/game-1-recap-wizards-102-pacers-96/, The Wizards have practically become fearless over the course of this postseason. Credit a ton of that to coach Randy Wittman who has brilliantly coached these guys defensively.

Bradley Beal? He might be an All-Star by next year considering the unbelievable level he's been playing at so far. And it goes on. Stay tuned for post-game coverage coming up shortly and all day tomorrow.

The #Wizards steal another road game, and another Game 1. Let's keep it going. #NeverSettle, What's happening right now in Indianapolis is downright amazing. Beal. Gooden. Insanity. Now let's close this out. #Wizards all day baby., Nothing gets your playoff mood going than shots being fired from the #1 Wizards fan in the world, Gilbert Arenas., If you're a fan of Trevor Ariza, you'll love and respect him even more after reading this.

(via Michael Lee from the Washington Post), Ahh another pretty playoff flyer. #Wizards #WizPacers, ATHREEZA vs. PG24: The biggest individual matchup in the #WizPacers series and everything you need to know about it. http://wp.me/p3yNHx-1CQ, #Wizards - #Pacers #RealTalk: How does the common fan view the outcome of the series? @ZainZ24 maps it out: http://wp.me/p3yNHx-1CH, In case you missed it: Relive the Wizards' memorable Game 5 victory via Saam's wonderfully detailed recount of his media experience from the Windy City! , Oklahoma City media and fans label Kevin Durant "Mr. Unreliable". Think it's time to come home soon, KD.. #KD2DC2016, Just an amazing graphic. #HouseofGuards #Wizards #WhyNotUs, Raw footage (via Washington Wizards) of the Wizards celebrating their first round series win over Chicago last night. In the words of John Wall after the game,"this is awesomeeeeeeeee!!", The #Wizards put away the #Bulls in Chicago last night, clinch the series & move on to the semis. Here's the recap: http://wp.me/p3yNHx-1C1, AND THAT'S HOW YOU CLOSE OUT A GAME! THAT'S HOW YOU CLOSE OUT A GODDAMN SERIES!!!! #Wizards!!!!, Another line of mini-heart attacks as Game 5 winds down. Wizards up 72-69 with 2:18 left. Let's close this OUT., Just a reminder that Hoop District is IN Chicago tonight via Saam Bozorgmehr for Wiz-Bulls Game 5. Follow him on Twitter @DJ_SAAM and of course, make sure you're following @HoopDistrictDC as well for THE most entertaining and insightful in-game Wizards coverage on the web.

If you're in the city and want to watch the game with DC's best Wizards bloggers and fans, no where better to go than Public Bar on DuPont who is hosting a watch party with our fellow counterpart sites Truth About It - Washington Wizards Blog, Bullets Forever, and WizardsXTRA!

Whatever you do, be safe and.... #WizIn5!!!!, A "fatality" is due in Chicago tonight and in accordance, Abdullah has chosen five Mortal Kombat characters to represent the five Wizards starters.

If you enjoy MK and the Wiz, please enjoy this post., Throw on your #WizGear, polish up your Nae Nae dance skills, and join the rest of #WizardsNation for a Wizards-Bulls Game 5 watch party, hosted by Public Bar and your favorite Wizards bloggers.

Here's all the details you need:, BREAKING: Hoop District's Saam Bozorgmehr will be at the United Center tomorrow night covering Wizards-Bulls Game 5. We will be the only DC blog in Chicago as credentialed media so be sure to follow @DJ_SAAM and @HoopDistrictDC for live tweeting right from the thick of the action.

Let's close this series out! #WizIn5, The #Bulls are fighting for their playoff lives, and they are looking for some compromise. But according to Zain Zaidi- there won't be no compromise., #DCrising, even on your radio's head unit. Shout out to WPGC 95.5 for the #Wizards love!, The eruption of the Verizon Center crowd after Ariza drills a 3 at the end of the first half was just amazing., You want a classy owner #Wizards fans...we've got one in DC. #FreeNene, 3-1 baby!! We don't want the Bulls back in this city!!! Finish them on Tuesday!!!, Trevor Booker is inhumanely swatting Chicago's balls into the stands. 2 blocks already. Wizards on a tear so far, up 22-10 with 2:47 left in the 1st., With Nene banished from Game 4, it's time for 1 - 2 - 3 - 4 to step up and play angry.

#WizKids

~ original Hoop District photo, via Joe Glorioso, The NBA has announced Nene will be suspended for Game 4., Game 3 Recap: Bulls 100, Wizards 97, A decision on Nene's fate for Game 4 will be announced around 4pm today.

#Pray4Nene, #NeneHands tight Brazilian clutch around Jimmy Butler's cervix. Original Hoop District photo via Joe Glorioso #WizBulls, Wizards lose a heartbreaker in DC, 100-97 to the Bulls. Questionable officiating, Nene's ejection, missed free throws. Wizards lead series 2-1. Game 4 on Sunday., A huge red, white and blue middle finger to the refs for this atrociously called game. Still 12.2 seconds remain. Still the Wizards down by 3., Of course Jimmy Butler, who hasn't shot well all series nails a 3 to give the Bulls a 94-91 lead with 24.2 seconds left. Wizards ball. Hold your breath, #WizardsNation. Let's get it., Wizards & Bulls knotted at 91 with 1:35 left in the 4th. Pulse on a trillion right now., This was the move on Butler that got Nene tossed. Caption this as you wish., Nene gets tossed on a double technical after skirmishing with Jimmy Butler. The intensity is REAL, y'all., Despite playing 5-on-8, the Wizards still in it, down 69-72 after the 3rd.

Operation: Contain Dunleavy commences., WOW. What an end to that first half. Wizards ride a 9-0 run behind John Wall (13 pts) and Bradley Beal (12 pts). to retake the lead going into halftime, 51-48. 

#DCrising #Wizards #PlayoffReady, Nene's putting his fingerprints all over Joakim Noah's Def. Player of the Year trophy., End of 1 at Verizon. Wizards lead the Bulls 30-28. Wall leads all with 11. Chicago shooting a whopping 68% but have 7 turnovers for 10 Wizards points. Noah got into foul trouble early and headed to the bench but no one misses him., Wall. Downtown. Book it. #Wizards, John Wall's 360 spin move over Noah didn't convert. Still think it should make SportsCenter's Top 10., TIMEOUT BULLS. Beal's first bucket gives the Wizards a 13-8 lead with 7:09 left in the first. And the crowd will not let up for a second., OMG Kirk Hinrich just got dismembered by that John Wall crossover. Plus the foul!!! #MyWIZARDS, Verizon Center is so electric right now!!! #DCrising, What we've seen so far and what it means for tonight.

Our Wizards - Bulls Game 3 preview, here:, car·pe di·em: used as an admonition to seize the pleasures of the moment without concern for the future.

The Wizards have certainly seized the limelight from Chicago in this series to go up 2-0 by executing the right game plans, making the proper adjustments and making big plays on key possessions.

Our latest column via Zain Zaidi details more about the Wizards' early success.., Just a minor addition to the Verizon Center home floor..

#DCrising, All fans in attendance for Wizards - Bulls Game 3 will be given one of three colored T-shirts based on their section in the arena.

Like this post if you'll be at the Verizon Center on Friday night for Game 3!

#dcRISING #Wizards #PlayoffReady, Game 2 afterthoughts: A 2-0 lead heading back to DC has put the sports world is on notice about these #Wizards: http://wp.me/p3yNHx-1AB, Be sure to keep up with our hand-picked game highlights throughout the playoffs! Follow Hoop District on Vine!, Game 2 Recap: #Wizards 101, #Bulls 99 (ot) - Wiz overcome the feistyness in Chicago again; head back home struttin'. http://wp.me/p3yNHx-1Av, 2-0!!, Wizards. Bulls. Game 2. Preview. Read it here. , Why not us? Wizards – Bulls Game 1 afterthoughts http://wp.me/s3yNHx-us, null, Rejoice Wizards fans! Game 1 is under our belt!, Reality tell us the #Bulls are probably the better team, but @DJ_Saam fantasizes about a dream series for #Wizards http://wp.me/p3yNHx-1zC, It's finally here folks. The #Wizards first playoff game in six seasons is set for tonight at the United Center in Chicago at 7PM!

To get you ready, we've got a super playoff preview post courtesy of Zain, Shaun and Mike with plenty of commentary and all the insight you need for the Wiz matchup against the Bulls.

- 3 keys to the Wizards' success
- 3 ways the Bulls will attack and how the Wizards must counter
- the X-factor in Nene
- Wiz-Bulls series predictions

LET'S GO WIZ!, The Wizards rolled over the Celtics last night, clinching the 5th seed in the Eastern Conference playoffs!

Trevor Booker and Bradley Beal shined last night. Read about how their game has evolved and what it could mean for the Wizards in the postseason.

Game 1 is in Chicago on Sunday at 7PM.

#Wizards #PlayoffReady , Game preview: Over the past 6 seasons, #Celtics win pct was .661; the #Wizards .336. But how the tides have turned.. http://wp.me/p3yNHx-1yM, John Wall, the #Wizards, and the playoff 'purge', the latest from @Abdu11ah: http://wp.me/p3yNHx-1yA, Recap: #Wizards vs. #Heat - Miami rests stars, Wiz handle the rest. http://wp.me/p3yNHx-1xu, High stakes 4 both teams 2nite, but the #Heat seem to care less for them. #Wizards need this one. #WizHeat preview: http://wp.me/p3yNHx-1xj, Gameday: Wizards vs. Bucks – It’s how you finish http://wp.me/p3yNHx-1wX, GameDay: #Wizards at #Magic: Things have regressed over the past two games and tonight is critical for the Wiz to bounce back. , Wizards - Bobcats relived through Vine: Cook Book & McBob shine; #PrayersAnswered; and the puzzling end to it all. , So in "biggest game of the year", the Wizards fall behind by 20 in the first half, botch a game-deciding defensive possession and then fail to find the right shooter at the end of regulation...then score just 1 (one) point in overtime., The most important game of the season so far for the Wizards happens tonight at the Verizon Center.

Your game preview, by Abdullah:, With the Wizards now officially a playoff team (!!!), Joe speculates on what's to come over the next two weeks. , Playoffs? Playoffs. PLAYOFFS!!! , GameDay: #Wizards vs. #Celtics - spotlighting the Wall/Rondo matchup; also 3 Celtics players to be concerned about., Mike Wise recently wrote a column in the Washington Post stating the Wizards are better than their record. In our latest blog, Zain offers a different perspective, citing the team's youth and questionable coaching as reasons why they are in fact NOT better than their current 38-36 standing., Feel the pain of last night's debacle in Charlotte via the anguish of Abdullah. To be just, a few pleasant Vine clips (mostly from the first half) have been thrown in to keep you mentally sound., Nine games left, one win needed to clinch a playoff berth. The final path to the postseason begins tonight in Charlotte against Al Jefferson and the Bobcats, who are also vying for a higher seeding. Our #WizBobcats game preview, below:, Vines, video, photos, analysis from this past weekend's Wizards action. Also a link to full game photo sets taken from the baseline by our own Joe Glorioso., The #Wizards have a special guest returning tonight: Popeye "Michelin Man" Jones., null, There needs to be a sense of urgency in the Wizards locker room as we come down to the final 12 games of the season. And it needs to start TONIGHT vs. the Suns. Here's your game preview., This last road trip of the season didn't end in a settling manner for the Wizards, but in the midst of it all we were able to capture the finest moments. Here are 10 of them., null, Damian Lillard and John Wall tagged up last night in Portland to promote their new floral-themed Adidas sneakers in light of the impending cherry blossom season. 

And did you know Damian Lillard raps and is aspiring to drop a hip hop album in the near future? He's actually pretty good too.

Also- if you're a fan of the show "Portlandia" you'll enjoy our segment about Fred Armisen's connection with the team and players.

That and much more in our game preview, including an update on LaMarcus Aldridge's injury and how the importance of the Wizards taking advantage of his absence tonight., Playoff predictions for the Wizards!? Is this life? Yes, indeed the tides have changed in the District and the postseason buzz is true and real.

The consensus here at Hoop District is that the Wizards will finish 4th in the East and face the Bulls in the first round of the playoffs. 

What's your prediction?, Reliving last night's Wizards fiasco in Sacramento is a risk to take, but the concluding segment should make it worthwhile., Drew Gooden has officially earned his spot on the Wizards roster for the remainder of the season.

#Wizards #Playoffs #LetsGetIt, Blake Ellington from SBNation's SacTownRoyalty.com joined us today to help pregame for Wizards-Kings tonight. Topics discussed are the matchup between Isaiah Thomas and John Wall, defending against Demarcus Cousins, and the overall state of the Sacramento Kings franchise., Relive Drew Gooden and the Wizards' huge victory over Brooklyn here, #Wizards vs. #Magic pregame: In the trenches w/ Nikola & Marcin, Upper Marlboro's finest, and John Wall's second half FG%, A strange fan poll, a bad roast beef sandwich, and "too many jump shots" outline last night's #Wizards loss to Charlotte., You call it #WaybackWednesdays, we call it #WaybackWizards. This is our inaugural homage post reliving memorable moments in Wizards (mostly Bullets) history.

In this segment, Jamal takes us back to the old Cap Centre, highlights Ledell Eackles, and gives us some insight on what Rex Chapman has been up to lately., John Wall's hesitation dribble is one of the most destructive moves for opposing defenses.

In fact, John's move is so hip that our man Zain decided to write a whole rhyme about it.

Wizards fans and fans of basketball in general, please enjoy this., Per league source, the #Wizards intend to keep their AARP crew intact by extending Drew Gooden for the remainder of the season., null, null, #OnThisDay March 9th in #Wizards history: The year was 2003 and Michael Jordan played in his final game at the historic #MadisonSquareGarden as a member of the Washington Wizards. MJ put up 39pts in a close loss, putting an end to years of tormenting the #Knicks at #MSG , null, Drew Gooden 'broke out' for 12 points on 6-7 shooting last night against the Jazz, his most productive game amid his 10-day contract. Was his performance worthy of at least another 10-day extension? We think so., Martell Webster sat out the last game and in his place, Otto Porter "balled out" for 6 points on two 4th quarter 3's.

Webster may sit out again and fans are bracing themselves...will tonight be a continuum of 'The Otto Special'?, Lucky number 7 (wins in a row!!!) on deck for the Wizards tonight against the Grizzlies. Game time: 7PM at the Verizon Center.  , null, Here's a glance at what can be expected as the Wizards' Drew Gooden experiment commences tonight against the Raptors.

Also: does Drew Gooden make enough 'O' faces to warrant a #GoodenFace hashtag?, For the first time since 2010, Four players scored 20+ points for the Wizards last night against Orlando. Their win over the Magic now has them on a 4-game winning streak and over .500 once again.

INCLUDED: Trevor Booker's must-see 'LOL' reaction when he was informed who the previous quartet of Wizards players to score 20 or more in a game were. Plus more post-game stuff., Back in December, the Wizards beat the Orlando Magic to reach the .500 mark for the first time this season (the first time in 5 seasons, actually). Tonight against the Magic, the Wizards (28-28) have a shot at going OVER .500 for the second time this season.

The buzz:

--> Bradley Beal vs. Victor Oladipo.

--> Increased Trevor Booker minutes and the Wizards strategy to go small.

--> More pressure on bench.

Zain Zaidi with your #WizaMagic pregame post., Life without Nene commences in DC for the next six weeks. Here's Abdullah with a rundown of what to expect from here on out, as well as the #Wizards potential concept of playing small ball., Less than two days after a dramatic game-winning dunk vs. New Orleans, Nene is awaiting MRI results on a sprained knee he suffered in Cleveland last night. The Wizards say the injury "does not look too good," and there are fears of Nene missing the remainder of the season.

#Pray4Nene, Andre Miller's debut, Nene's monster performance, and that incredible final second Wall to Nene dish to beat the Pelicans -- all relived by Zain Zaidi in our game recap., Also, we say so long to #MaynorTime (& @MaynorFloater?), and offer thanks for eliciting so much neglectful humor during his forgettable stint with the Wizards., As we move past the regretful Jan Vesely failure, we bid farewell to the man who teased our hearts, then set it aflame., null, Sources: #Wizards have landed Andre Miller from Denver in a 3-way deal that sends Jan Vesely to Denver and Eric Maynor to Philly. Wizards also surrender to 2nd round picks to the Sixers., Credit: Joe Mande, The Wizards have lost 5 of their last 6 and sit a half game behind their opponent from Atlanta tonight.

Your pregame fix, here:, The Wizards snoozed their way back from a memorable All-Star Weekend, get owned (again) by the Raptors 103-93.

We've got complete coverage of last night's loss by Mike and Abdullah, and also some handpicked snapshots from Joe Glorioso on the baseline., An All-Star hangover: Wizards tumble to Raptors (again)
An All-Star hangover: Wizards tumble to Raptors (again)
“This is your #Wizards after party, where we channel all of your Wizards post-game essentials into one massive data over-filled post. Game..., An All-Star hangover: Wizards tumble to Raptors (again)
Wittman defends team’s focus, commends a “better” Raptors team. Complete coverage of last #Wizards loss to Toronto: http://wp.me/p3yNHx-18X
“This is your #Wizards after party, where we channel..., Check out our entire coverage from a historic #Wizards All-Star Weekend in New Orleans brought to you by Abdullah.

GIFS, photos, Vines and post-game video from All-Star Saturday and Sunday all in this massively data-overfilled blog. Enjoy!

, John Wall and Craig Sager is not a bad look., #WallStar, Bradley Beal poured in 21 points for #TeamHill in last night's BBVA Rising Stars Challenge.

Here's a quick visual recap of last night's action. Bradley Beal VINElights included.

#Wizards #AllStar2014, Wizards comeback attempt in Houston shunned by James Harden's flop., The Wizards defense should plan on keepin’ it 100 – or under - to keep it .500.

Tonight's #WizRockets pregame., Bradley Beal shot the lights out in Memphis last night but Wizards "disrespect the game;" lose to Grizzlies. 

Also included: Grizzlies' Nick Calathes - NBA player or Game of Thrones character?

#WizGrizzlies recap below., With Mike Conley & Tony Allen banged up (both game-time decisions), and facing league's 7th worst transition defense, the #Wizards should feast tonight. SHOULD., null, Not many bonds have developed like the one John Wall & "Boogie" Cousins have. The ex-Cat soulmates highlight our #WizKings pregame., What relevance does Ryan Gosling in a Wizards uniform have? You'll have to find out in our #WizCavs game preview.., REPORT: Kyrie Irving is under the weather and questionable for tonight's game against the Wizards., REMINDER: The Hoop District squad WILL be in New Orleans covering all the NBA All-Star festivities including Bradley Beal in the 3-Point Contest, John Wall in the Slam Dunk Contest, and of course, Wall performing in his first career All-Star Game.

Now go tell a friend!, The Wizards suffered some critical lapses on defense in the second half against the Spurs last night, followed by some post-game quandaries regarding the concept of switching on screens. 

Recap, post-game interviews, and the finest tweets from #WizardsTwitter all in our Wiz-Spurs After Party., Bradley Beal, future NBA All-Star, will participate in this year's 3-point contest.

Wizards taking All-Star weekend by storm, folks., John Wall, NBA All-Star, and now a confirmed participant in this year's dunk contest.

BOOM., The Spurs are like the final boss in a video game. Not the strongest or fastest, but the smartest. 

More on that analogy in our #WizSpurs pregame., null, .511!!! #MyWizards, Life is alright when your best shooter has an off night but you still manage to destroy the league's #1 team. #Wizards #WallStar, John Wall's turbulent path to NBA stardom was capped off by just three subtle words to his mother:

'We made it.'

#WallStar, Share this with the world, y'all: 

A "skinny, wiry unknown from North Carolina," turned rising star, turned NBA All-Star.

#WallStar #Wizards, #yezzir #WallStar, HUGE win for the Wizards last night in Oakland despite poor shooting and a forgettable Eric Maynor appearance., A concise visual recap of the Wizards' 6th failed attempt to climb over .500., Bradley Beal served the Suns last night with 7 points in the final 2 minutes to propel the Wizards to another road victory and back to .500.

Composure, solid offensive sets and critical stops are the hot topics in our #WizSuns after-party post., John Wall > Kyrie Irving. Period., The Wizards suffered yet another meltdown in the quest for their first winning record in 5 years, this time to the lowly Boston Celtics.

The game ignited a furious Randy Wittman press conference as well as a dejected John Wall, who took full blame for the loss despite earning a triple-double.

Photos, tweets, videos, analysis. All your #WizCeltics post-game content right here at Hoop District., Don't tell Randy Wittman those Celtics were "undermanned" or else feel his wrath. A snippet from last night's post-game fury., Will the #Wizards finally get over the .500 hump tonight??, John Wall and Garrett Temple put Martell Webster on blast for not showering after the Sixers game.

Just another night in a winning locker room., #WizBulls After Party: Martell Webster blesses media with a classic video bomb. John Wall gets ESPN love for his insane "Cirque du So-layup" shot., Is Randy Wittman's 8-man shuffle a winning formula for the Wizards or a recipe for disaster? Abdullah's got that insight plus more in tonight's #WizBulls pregame.., The Wizards' "bandwagon cam" took the NBA by storm last night thanks to Hoop District and we've got more insight on the team's brilliant concept to expose opposing fans.

Plus Vines, tweets, YouTube clips and lots more post-game visual celebrations at our #WizHeat after party!, Beware of the "Bandwagon Cam" at the Verizon Center.

#Wizards, Yup, we're totally hating, because we were the first to do it.

#Wizards, Heat "fans" we all look forward to watching your tears soaking up your LeBron jerseys tonight at the Verizon Center.

In the meantime, catch up on everything #WizHeat in our pregame post.

http://hoopdistrict.net/wizards-vs-heat-pregame/, "We hated LeBron before it was cool." -- Any Wizards fan., Nene returned to his starting role last night for the Wizards against Chicago. The move paid great dividends as Nene torched the Bulls all night and the Wiz Kids crushed the Bulls 102-88.

Recap, quotes and top tweets in the #WizBulls after party., Wizards vs. Bulls pregame: Can Wiz break out of mediocrity?, An encapsulation of 'woodshed beating' in Indy: Midrange trigga-fingaz, Also: #MaynorTime ≠ #GarbageTime.

Your #WizPacers After Party/Funeral., In today's Wizards-Pacers pregame you'll more Jan Vesely acclamations, a Walt Bellamy namedrop, and cool hip-hop references., null, Wizards almost blew a big lead last night in New Orleans. But clutch play down the stretch secured DC's 6th road win in 7 games. 

Here are the top quotes, tweets, and original game VINElights offered at our #WizPelicans After Party., Bradley Beal and Marcin Gortat rose above their recent downtrend in Charlotte last night, leading the Wizards to another road win.

Our latest column breaks down their breakthrough., Will Bradley Beal finally break out of his funk tonight?

Your #WizBobcats pregame fix here:, Hoop District proudly introduces a new post-game segment titled "The After Party," featuring exclusive locker room video, a montage of game excerpts captured on Vine, and the top #Wizards tweets of the night.

Enjoy!, A 30-5 3rd quarter run flattened the Wizards tonight. They've lost 3 straight and 5 of their last 6 at home., Tonight's main event: 

Wall & Beal vs. Thompson & Curry

Plus everything else you need in tonight's Wizards/Warriors preview., Our #Wizards game recaps now feature chronologized Vine highlights, top tweets, and recurring disheartening analysis., Kyle Lowry versus John Wall; earning charity; and the battle for Northern Europe.

Tonight's Wizards vs. Raptors game preview by Abdullah., For those who faithfully watch Wizards basketball know that Trevor Booker's floor presence is more than just about numbers. Cook Book's efficiency has not only solidified him as a starter, but it's also helped improve a struggling Wizards' bench.

We examine Booker's recent strides in our latest column.., The Wizards don't play too well after holiday breaks. Last night's performance against Dallas was evidence., Tonight's menu: more interior defense!

Our #WizPistons preview, by Abdullah., Your Wizards vs. Pistons game preview, by Dre Mitchell., The Wolves guards attempted 13 shots at the rim last night, converting 7. Marcin Gortat has a problem with that., Game recap: Kicked while down; #Wizards get blown out in Minny; lose Beal, Christmas break is over and it's back on the grind for the Washington Wizards. Before they take on the T'Wolves in Minnesota tonight, we take a look at how the Wizards have been able to find success during their 3-game win streak. Also, how would Nene fare as a 6th man for the remainder of the season? Lastly, the concept of All-Star fan voting may have John Wall left out. What gives?

Abdullah, Charles, and Jamal gives us their take in this week's 3-on-3 roundtable., We hope you all had a safe and blessed Christmas. Check out how some of our #Wizards spent their holiday break., The #Wizards beat the Celtics this afternoon for their 3rd straight win (all on the road). They seem pretty happy about it :), Wizards face the Celtics in a Saturday midday special. Bradley Beal squares up against the guy he replaced.

The Wizards look to defend and attack Boston's small lineup.

Nene and Martell excited to give the second unit a huge punch coming off the bench. 

Your game preview by Abdullah below., Everything you need to get ready for #WizNets tonight is right here in our game preview., What more can you say about Bradley Beal and his growth and confidence? To be able to perform that well, on the road, in MSG, after a 9-game layoff shows and proves so much about how strong he's become. Beal had 14 points in the 4th quarter including the game-winning layup in the final seconds.

Dre recaps last night's thrilling #Wizards victory in New York., Marcin Gortat's recent complaint about his role on offense is more so confusing than anything else. We'll let Zain explain., The #Wizards bench has been awful and @DJBigMikeDMV says it all starts w/ the backup PG. Is #MaynorTime running out? http://wp.me/p3yNHx-Kg, Two starters down w/ zero to compensate. Enjoy our #WizNuggets preview courtesy of the cleverly informative @ZainZ24 http://wp.me/p3yNHx-JM, #WizBucks recap- Singleton fails to be Webster; Wall fails to be a one-man army; and #Wizards "can't catch a break." http://wp.me/p3yNHx-Jw, #Wizards vs. #Bucks game preview: Wiz look to keep on truckin', by @MrTakeitEasy http://wp.me/p3yNHx-J9, 3-on-3 Roundtable: Dre, Jamal & Shaun discuss Ariza's possible fate; expectations of Otto; #Wizards avoiding a lapse http://wp.me/p3yNHx-IK, Al Harrington develops a 'coaching' alter-ego amid time off, by @Abdu11ah #Wizards http://wp.me/p3yNHx-Jl, Hookah, happy feet, & sexual white chocolate: the #Wizards might be the coolest locker room in the NBA, by @Abdu11ah http://wp.me/p3yNHx-HR, Watch Marcin Gortat, nicknamed "Sexual White Chocolate," sing Happy Birthday to Martell Webster.

Times sure are good when you're winning.

#Wizards, Happy 27th born day to the wackiest Washington Wizard ever... Martell Webster!!, NEW COLUMN: How the #Wizards overcame the grueling journey to relevance & now face long road to success, by @Abdu11ah http://wp.me/p3yNHx-Hh, Good morning. Here are some of the popular household football names the last time the #Wizards were .500:

Jim Zorn, Jason Campbell, Fred Smoot, Laron Landry, Antwaan Randel El, Devin Thomas, QUINTON GANTHER 

#HTTR, Thru his first 3 seasons, John Wall converted just a total of 49 three-pointers. Through 18 games this year he has 22, on pace to triple his career total with 150, and at a reasonable 38% #Wizards, Since the #Wizards started 2-7, John Wall has averaged 21.9 pts, 4.4 reb, 9.3 ast, and 2.8 stl per game, shooting 47% from the floor. The Wizards are 7-2 during that span. All-Star much?, Last night's game recap: Trevor Ariza & John Wall help propel #Wizards to .500 for first time since 2009, by @DJ_SAAM http://wp.me/p3yNHx-H0, Trevor Ariza has been great this season, shooting 43% from 3-PT (!!!), including 9-for-10 from downtown the past two games.

Do we still want him on the trade block?, GOOD NEWS: The #Wizards are finally at .500 and currently 3rd in the Eastern Conference.

MORE GOOD NEWS: Otto Porter may make his NBA debut as early as this Friday against Milwaukee., With a win tonight the #Wizards will be 9-9, good enough for 3rd place in the Leastern Conference., #WizMagic game preview: Nene will show up tonight. Will the bench? Wall faces Oladipo & more from @ZainZ24: http://wp.me/p3yNHx-GL #Wizards, #Wizards vs. #Hawks game preview: Time to rebound, by @MrDCSports http://wp.me/p3yNHx-Gz, Game recap: #Wizards get shut down in Indy http://wp.me/p3yNHx-Gw, If you're planning to watch the #Wizards game tonight, be sure to do so responsibly and away from your close, loved ones as Jan Vesely will be starting in place of Nene against the 14-1 Pacers. Nene is ruled out with a sore Achilles., Facing the leagues top team, it'll be an uphill battle for the #Wizards tonight. @ZainZ24 has your #WizPacers preview http://wp.me/p3yNHx-Gl, Happy Thanksgiving #Wizards fam! What we're thankful for: a 3-game win streak after last nights victory in Milwaukee: http://wp.me/p3yNHx-G9, The #Wizards look for a pre-Thanksgiving feast in Milwaukee tonight against the 2-11 #Bucks. 

Check out our comprehensive game preview which includes a history lesson on the city of Milwaukee, courtesy of Wayne Campbell & Garth Algar, Tonight's game recap: #Wizards outlast L.A.; get 4th win in 5 games. INCLUDED: John Wall's 360 dunk; by @DJBigMikeDMV http://wp.me/p3yNHx-FB, #Wizards vs. #Lakers game preview: Filling the void after Bradley Beal's sudden injury, by @ZainZ24 http://wp.me/p3yNHx-Fo, ICYMI: Last night's game recap - #Wizards vs. #Knicks http://wp.me/p3yNHx-F7, #Wizards vs. #Knicks game preview: containing Melo; Wall vs. Udrih; no "backup" plan.... http://wp.me/p3yNHx-ET, #Wizards v. #Raptors game preview by @Abdu11ah: Beal vs DeRozan; dominating the fast break; & the need for more Honza http://wp.me/p3yNHx-EG, New column: Could the #Wizards be on the cusp of a season turnaround? FREE GIF IMAGE INSIDE, by @MrTakeitEasy http://wp.me/p3yNHx-Ej, Game recap - #Wizards at #Cavs: Wiz overcome a near collapse, by @MrDCSports http://wp.me/p3yNHx-Ee, Tonight's game preview: #Wizards vs. #Cavs...or Irving vs. Wall? by @ZainZ24 http://wp.me/p3yNHx-DU, VIDEO: John Wall, Bradley Beal, and Martell Webster sound off on the #Wizards victory last night, produced by Abdullah Sharif., Game recap - #Wizards vs. #Timberwolves: Winning cures all, by @Abdu11ah http://wp.me/p3yNHx-DG, Your #Wizards vs. #Wolves game preview: Ain't no love in the heart of the city, by @ZainZ24 http://wp.me/p3yNHx-Dm, #Wizards vs. #Cavs game preview: The Chronicles of Kyrie & John, by @MrDCSports http://wp.me/p3yNHx-CM, The buzz out of #Wizards nation: Nene and teammates group hug; Martell's ready; Uncle Al's old knees, by @Abdu11ah http://wp.me/p3yNHx-CG, In this weeks 3-on-3: was Nene wrong for scolding teammates? Can #Wizards bounce back? Martell back in familiar role http://wp.me/p3yNHx-Co, Last nights #Wizards loss narrated as an episode of Bizarre Foods. A sad, but very amusing piece by @funkylikemulch. http://wp.me/p3yNHx-C4, Game recap - #Wizards at #Spurs: Toppled in Texas, by @MrDCSports http://wp.me/p3yNHx-BW, How much of a chance do the #Wizards stand vs. the red hot #Spurs 2nite? @ZainZ24 tells you here in our game preview: http://wp.me/p3yNHx-BM, Last nights loss was sculpted by TOs, a struggling bench, and..wait 4 it..poor FT shooting. Game recap by @MrDCSports http://wp.me/p3yNHx-BC, null, Re-looping in the #Wizards film room this morning., Last night's #Wizards heart breaker recounted by @Abdu11ah, http://wp.me/p3yNHx-Bb, #Wizards at #Thunder game preview: Litmus test, by @ZainZ24 http://wp.me/p3yNHx-AZ, More magical pixels from last night's thrilling #Wizards victory: Paul Pierce getting a face full of Bradley Beal's crotch., One of the best #Wizards games we've seen in a long time gets recapped here by Charles Lamar., THIS., Everybody's favorite ex-Wizard @drayblatche who I'm sure will be a fan favorite tonight, Our #Wizards #Nets game preview, by @Abdu11ah http://wp.me/p3yNHx-AA, Hey remember when the #Wizards knocked down a franchise record 18 3-pointers, including 5 by John Wall against Philly? If you missed it, watch this:, More #WizSixers: The Audacity of the Complete Game, by @funkylikemulch http://wp.me/p3yNHx-Ar, In case you didn't know... the #WIZARDS won last night!! Here's our joyous game recap, by @DJBigMikeDMV http://wp.me/p3yNHx-Ag, Problem solving: what the #Wizards need to win in Philly, by @Abdu11ah http://wp.me/p3yNHx-zL, Wiz kids in search of victory vs familiar faces in Philly tonight. Your #Wizards #Sixers game preview by @ShaunAhmad: http://wp.me/p3yNHx-zI, #Wizards coach Randy Wittman has been fined $20,000 by the league for cursing during his post-game press conference following the Sixers game.

"Well, you tell me what you thought the problem was. You watched the game. Commitment to f*cking playing defense is what it is. It's what it boils down to, all right? It's a thing our guys haven't learned and I've got to figure out a way."

Worth every penny if you ask me., Our first 3-on-3 roundtable of the season discussing our hapless #Wizards trying to avoid the panic button http://wp.me/p3yNHx-zs, Our newest guy @MrDCSports gives us his first game recap for HD. Unfortunately, it's not a very happy story. #WizHeat http://wp.me/p3yNHx-zh, What would compliment a big Redskins win more than a bigger Wizards win over the Heat?! #HTTR, Wizards vs. Heat game preview: Winning is winning, by @ZainZ24 http://wp.me/p3yNHx-z5, NEW POST: It was the same ol song n dance for the #Wizards in last night's home opener. @JoeGlo1 vents about it here http://wp.me/p3yNHx-yH, #Wizards warmup line, New warm ups for #Wizards, #Sixers Nerlens Noel wraps up one handed shooting, #Sixers top pick Nerlens Noel getting up shots pre game, Tonight's Wizards v. Sixers game preview, by Zain Zaidi:

Can Wall be more aggressive tonight? How will he match up against Michael Carter-Williams?

Will Marcin Gortat be in the starting lineup? Will Nene even play?!

Will Trevor Ariza continue his hot shooting streak?

#Wizards home opener tonight at the Phone Booth, 7pm tip-off., What stood out to you positive/negative after last night? Here are some key points from #WizPistons, by @MrTakeitEasy http://wp.me/p3yNHx-y7, Nene barely lasts one game; shelved with a calf injury, by @Abdu11ah http://wp.me/p3yNHx-xX, Game recap - Wizards at Pistons: #SoManyExcuses, by @Abdu11ah http://wp.me/p3yNHx-xH, #Wizards opening tip-off is in just a few hours from now.

Marcin Gortat is ready. ARE YOU?, Everything you need for tonight's #Wizards opener vs. Detroit is right here in our debut game preview, by @ZainZ24 http://wp.me/p3yNHx-xk, ICYMI: Get your #Wizards season started off with our 5-on-5 roundtable, discussing the team's offseason performance, Marcin Gortat, final predictions, and more., Happy #Wizards opening day! #NoMoreExcuses, The #Wizards season tips off tomorrow night in Detroit, and weve got the answers to 5 season-shaping questions here: http://wp.me/p3yNHx-x0, Wizards Trade for Marcin Gortat; Continue Quest for Playoff Run, by @shaunahmad, Wizards at Cavaliers Preview: Building your team with Wall or Irving is "a great starting point", Wizards vs Pistons Preview: Wall vs Peyton and the Pistons, Wizards vs Hornets Preview: A return to Rupp Arena for Wall, Davis and Miller, .@ZainZ24 previews tonight's #Wizards #Knicks game. Will Beal and Co. spoil Carmelo's B-More homecoming?, Here's more on Bradley Beal's superb night, by @mikeandrews, Game recap - #Wizards 100, #Heat 82: @realdealbeal23 goes off as Wiz crush the champs, by @radioharrison, #Wizards vs. #Heat preview: If ya can't stand the Heat, get out the building, by @ZainZ24, Our game recap of last night's #Wizards game vs. Chicago. Not a sweet homecoming for Nene, by @funkylikemulch, Wizards vs. Bulls preview: Hustle & Flow, by @ZainZ24, Bradley Beal says Nene was like "a god walking through the gym" in Rio. #Wizards #NBAGlobalGames, Check out what Coach Randy Wittman, Bradley Beal, and John Wall had to say following their preseason opener against the Brooklyn Nets., Shout out to Redskins running back Alfred Morris for liking Hoop District!!

#HTTR, Game recap - #Nets 111, #Wizards 106: A preseason thriller! by @Abdu11ah, #Wizards starting 5 - Nene/Vesely/Ariza/Beal and @jog n_wall, For #Wizards fans hoping to get a glimpse of Otto Porter tonight this is as close as it'll get, Last of the layup line for #Wizards highlighted by @john_wall dunk, #Wizards get in pre game layup line, A gaggle of #Wizards under the basket, Newest #Wizards F Al Harrington putting up some pre-game shots, Jason Terry and Deron Williams of the #Nets alternate shots in pre-game, Darius Shengelia?? I Kidd I Kidd...it's Tornike Shengelia of Spirou Charleroi who I assume will get same amount of playing time as me  in regular season, Brooklyn #Nets F Paul Pierce in pre-game shoot around. Damn that is strange to write, #Nets Joe Johnson works out his shot in pre-game, Former #Wizards F and Captain @drayday7 putting up shots, New Brooklyn #Nets head coach meets w media prior to game vs #Wizards, The #Wizards are back on the hardwood tonight for their preseason opener vs. BKN. Here's our game preview by @ZainZ24, NEW POST: #Wizards el jefe @TedLeonsis talks John Wall, the rebuild, and season expectations, by @Abdu11ah, #Wizards open practice!, Wizards Media Day/training camp roundup, part II: What team is this? by @funkylikemulch, REMINDER: #Wizards OPEN PRACTICE will be held at 6pm tonight at the Verizon Center TONIGHT followed by a Q&A session with the newest Wiz Kids. Scheduled to appear are Al Harrington, Eric Maynor, Glen Rice, Jr., and Otto Porter.

This event is free & open to public! See you there!, Wizards Media Day/training camp roundup: Media Frenzy, by @DJ_Saam, #Wizards Media Day 2010 feat. @kevin_seraphin @35_fitz  #HDPhotoVault #rookieyear, #Wizards Media Day 2010 feat. @gilbertarenas0 Agent Zeros Last Stand, #Wizards Media Day 2010 feat. @swaggyp1 and Yi  #HDPhotoVault, Happy Wizards Media Day everyone! Before we get started we take you back 4 years to @john_wall rookie year #HDPhotoVault, The #Wizards have invited a few guys to camp- one of which we're familiar with, the others not so much. @ZainZ24 has the low down, Brace yourselves, Wizards fans, here's your annual pre-training camp injury report:

The Wizards reported this morning that SF Chris Singleton will be out for 6-8 weeks after injuring his foot in practice yesterday. He's been diagnosed with a stress fracture at the base of his toe.

Also, Emeka Okafor will be out indefinitely after being diagnosed with a herniated cervical disc. Okafor had been experiencing some discomfort in his neck and will begin rehabilitation to reduce the inflammation right away.

And so it begins..., NEW POST: Our guys break down 5 critical areas of focus for the #Wizards as they head into training camp next week., Wizards release Media Day and training camp schedule, And then there were 3: the #Wizards logjam at the SF position, by @ZainZ24, Happy 23rd to John Wall!, Javale McGee watches ex #Celtics G Jesus Shuttlesworth botch a dunk #hdphotovault #tbt, Future Hall of Famer and South Lakes HS grad @realgranthill33 #hdphotovault #tbt, Once rivals, now teammates  for the #Nets @drayday7 and KG #hdphotovault #tbt, #Former #Wizards F @drayday7 as the pre game  Center of attention #hdphotovault #tbt, Former #Celtics C Big Baby copping a feel of Cartier Martin's ass to the dismay of Rondo and Allen #HDPhotoVault #tbt, Former #Pacers and a bunch of other teams after that Josh McRoberts tries to intimidate @john_wall and fails #HDPhotoVault, Former #Hornet and current #Wizards F Trevor Ariza does his best to stop @john_wall #HDPhotoVault, I bet #Pelicans fans would still like this guy to be bringing up the ball for them. @cp3 #HDPhotoVault can anyone name the ref?, #Wizards @john_wall right before he goes completely horizontal on a dunk against #Pacers #HDPhotoVault, #Wizards John Wall looks on and wonders what it'd be like to play with #Hornets Emeka Okafor #HDPhotoVault, #Wizards @john_wall leaves this #Pacers defender dumbfounded #HDPhotoVault, Rashard Lewis in one of his rare actual appearances for the #Wizards #HDPhotoVault, Former #Wizards G @swaggyp1 shows off that sweet shooting form against the #Pacers #HDPhotoVault, Back to the #HDPhotoVault for this shot of #Bulls Derrick Rose with shot over former #Wizards @drayday7 and Kirk Hinrich, Former #Redskins 3rd string QB and backup to John Beck & Rex Grossman catches game w. #Wizards Minority Owner Raul Fernandez #HDPhotoVault, #Bulls F @MisterCbooz puts one up on former #Wizards @drayday7 @javalemcgee_34 #HDPhotoVault, #Bulls Derrick Rose pulls up for jumper over former #Wizards G Kirk Hinrich #HDPhotoVault, Former #Wizards C @javalemcgee_34 with jumper over #Bulls @MisterCbooz Coach used to love this shot selection, Last pic from the #HDPhotoVault today brings us @gilbertarenas0 pulling up for 3 against the #Knicks in his #NikeAir More Uptempo @scottiepippen shoes, Nothing like a picture of #Wizards owner @tedleonsis and #Knicks superfan @spikelee catching a game together #HDPhotoVault, Former #Magic Center @dwighthoward doing his Superman against a couple former #Wizards from the #HDPhotoVault, Remember when @gilbertarenas0 came back for #Wizards in Wall's rookie year? Our #HDPhotoVault does, #Bulls Derrick Rose contests shot by #Wizards @john_wall #HDPhotoVault, #Bulls Derrick Rose splits the #Wizards defense on way to basket #HDPhotoVault, Former #Wizards G @swaggyp1 glides in for layup against #Bulls #HDPhotoVault, #Wizards @john_wall with floater over #Bulls Derrick Rose #HDPhotoVault, #Bulls Derrick Rose and #Wizards @john_wall meet in mid air #HDPhotoVault, #Wizards F @24janvesely does his best to stop #Bulls @drose #HDPhotoVault, #Wizards @john_wall drives past #Bulls defender #HDPhotoVault, Former #Wizards C @javalemcgee_34 goes up for two hand dunk against #Bulls #HDPhotoVault, #Bulls PG @drose and #Wizards PG @john_wall #CalipariGuards #HDPhotoVault, #Bucks G @BrandonJennings goes around #Wizards Wall and Nene #HDPhotoVault, #Bucks G @IamMonta goes lefty against #Wizards Nene #HDPhotoVault, Former #Wizards G @jcs_stelo with pull up jumper over #Bucks Gooden and Ellis #HDPhotoVault, #Wizards F @24janvesely sets pick for @john_wall against #Bucks #HDPhotoVault, Former #Wizards G @jcs_stelo with off balance jumper over #Bucks #HDPhotoVault, An original documini covering the Goodman League Roundball Classic brought to you by our own Mike Andrews and Abdullah Sharif. Big shout out to Mac Williams and Goodman commissioner Miles Rawls for their hospitality and guidance and for allowing us to exclusively cover these great community basketball events in Washington, DC! 

Video includes one-on-one interviews with the commissioner Miles Rawls, DC streetball legend Baby Shaq, Corey Almond aka The D.C. Sniper, Tre Kelly, John Wall, Michael Beasley, and more..

Enjoy!, We caught up w/ @John_Wall to talk #Goodman League & prepping for upcoming season, John Wall made it rain & has tattoos. @ZainZ24 says who gives a damn as long as he's leading #Wizards to playoffs?, New post by @CoryGrubbs10 - Al Harrington wants #Wizards to be a "tough, nasty team", We caught up w/ @John_Wall this past weekend at The Citi John Wall BBall ProCamp & talked a little #RG3 and #Redskins.., The Best & Worst Of (Vol. II): Worst Basketball Movies, It's OFFICIAL: Al Harrington inks one-year deal; says #Wizards are playoff bound, 2014 Wizards pre-training camp depth chart:

PG - Wall - Maynor - Temple
SG - Beal - Rice
SF - Webster - Porter - Ariza - Singleton
PF - Nene - Harrington - Booker - Vesely
C - Okafor - Seraphin

The core of the team is clearly made up of young leadership, proven veterans and fresh, raw talent.

Seems legit.

#Wizards #PlayoffBound #DC, “I’m excited and I feel like this team is definitely going to make the playoffs.” 

Welcome to #DC Al Harrington!, Wizards are on Al Harrington's radar, could be signed soon, NBA Schedule Release: What are you looking for?, Check out our latest version of "The Best and Worst Of.." featuring the Best 5 Basketball Movies, written by Zain Zaidi., So how fast is John Wall?

THIS fast..., 2013-14 @WizardGirlsNBA Auditions Finals recap by @DJBigMikeDMV Photos by @JoeGlo1 #Wizards, Winner of VIP tickets to Wizards game and autograph ball took about 5 minutes to read her winning raffle number. #Ciroc, @WizardGirlsNBA performing round 2 of auditions at Howard Theatre , John Wall says he and Brad Beal can be an elite backcourt, by @ZainZ24, The Best and Worst Of (Vol. I): Worst NBA Logos featuring #Raptors #Clippers #Pistons #Blazers #Wizards by @JoeGlo1, The 3 main factors that justify John Wall as a max player, by @CoryGrubbs10, The #Wizards and John Wall are on the verge of completing a 5 year $80 million extension! ESPN's Marc Stein reports the team expects the deal to be completed by August 1st., Be sure to check out our first edition of 'The Best & Worst Of' featuring the Best 5 NBA Logos & vote for whichever team you think has the best logo!, Best and Worst Of: Best NBA Logos featuring #Bulls #Celtics #Warriors #76ers #Nets by @JoeGlo1, 3-on-3: Wizards Summer League Edition, John Wall: To max, or not to max? @Abdu11ah, @DJ_Saam and @tjackson85 rap it up.., Otto Porter Jr. sits, so do Wizards tournament chances, Vesely comes alive, Wizards erase stench of first two games, #TheFuture #NBASummerLeague #Wizards #WizKids, [ Wizards Summer League Recap ] After Day 1 in Vegas, Wiz Kids Need Some Work, Garrett Temple & Eric Maynor Officially Signed; Martell on the Way, NBA Draft 2013, Wizards vs Raptors - March 31, 2013, Wizards vs Suns - March 16, 2013, Wizards vs Kings - January 28, 2013, Wizards vs Nets - January 4, 2013, Wizards vs Magic - January 4, 2013, Wizards vs Pacers - November 19, 2012, For the #Wizards Glen Rice Jr., the path to the NBA wasn't a smooth one. The latest from @MrTakeitEasy.., VIDEO: Martell Webster says he wants to feel like a "true Wizard", #Wizards to open Summer League training camp tonight at Verizon Center. Who do you have your eye on in Vegas this year?, Wizards Media Day 2012, Wizard Girls tryouts - June 16, 2012, NBA All Star Weekend - February 2012, Goodman League Roundball Classic - August 19, 2012, Hoops for Troops, Team USA - July 14, 2012, Wizards vs Bobcats - April 23, 2012, Wizards vs Heat - April 26, 2012, Wizards vs Warriors - March 5, 2012, Wizards vs Pacers - April 4, 2012, Wizards vs Bulls - January 31, 2012, Washington Wizards vs Milwaukee Bucks - April 18, 2012, Washington Wizards vs New Jersey Nets - January 7, 2012, Goodman League Coalition Playoffs, Goodman League Coalition, Goodman League Opening Night 2011, Goodman vs Drew: The Orignial, Wizard Girls tryouts 2011, The 2011 NBA Draft, The #Wizards and Martell Webster have reached an agreement on a four-year extension!, Welcome to DC, Eric Maynor! #Wizards #VCU, The Wizards are on the prowl for John Wall's backup and @ZainZ24 gives the lowdown on the possibilities, While the #Wizards continue contract discussions w/ Webster, @DJ_Saam details the importance of retaining him, In the latest 3-on-3 segment, our team of Jamal Smith, Charles Lamar and Cory Grubbs focus on:

-the Wizards draft and the decision to select Otto Porter over Nerlens Noel.

-the importance of the #Wizards resigning Martell Webster as NBA Free Agency gets underway.

-the excitement over the new young trio in DC with Wall, Beal and Porter., Otto Porter was just too good for any other #Wizards options. The latest from @Abdu11ah, [ 2013 NBA Draft ] - Otto Porter Full Post-Draft Interview from NYC, [ 2013 NBA Draft ] - Wizards Go Otto With No. 3 Pick, Anddd Otto Porter will continue balling on the Verizon Center hardwood, now as a professional. #Wizards, We just spoke to Kentucky head coach John Calipari, and he likes Nerlens Noel as the #Wizards pick. No, he wasn't biased at all though., Hoop District Lottery Mock Draft Version 7.673e-1, Otto talks draft and possibility of going first, says #Wizards would be "decent" w/ him, Wall & Beal, by @Abdu11ah, After observing Otto Porter up close for a second time, he's definitely the guy for this squad. Really a matured, confident, stand up individual. #Wizards, #Wizards GM Ernie Grunfeld was pretty routine in his pre-draft presser. Here's the jist:

- the team intends on going with "best player available for our situation."

- the team's ultimate goal, as has been for the past 5 years, is to be a playoff contender. 

- it is very unlikely the Wizards' two second round picks (#38 and #54) are enough to move them into the first round.

- what the Wizards do in the draft will not impact their decision on Martell Webster.

- hometown favoritism (Otto Porter & Alex Len) will not be a factor in their decision for the #3 pick., per Washington Post's Michael Lee regarding Deng trade rumor:

"When informed of the report, one source said there was 'no truth' to the rumored trade proposal for Deng."

All is well. Carry on.., A whopping NO!!! to the Deng - for - #3 pick rumor involving #Wizards and #Bulls, Wizards Summer League Schedule Released, [ NBA Finals Game 6 Recap ] If You Missed It, You Missed Out, After initially being listed as "day-to-day" for his late-season ankle injury, Bradley Beal now finally be cleared to participate in basketball-related activities on July 1st, per Washington Post's Michael Lee. Unfortunately, this will most likely hamper his chances of playing in the NBA Summer League., [ Morning Spiel ] - Why LeBron Still Fails to Impress Me, If Otto Isn't There, Alex Len Should Be, null, Nerlens Noel Meets With Wizards, Media, [NBA Finals Game 4 Recap] from @ZainZ24 And Then There Were 3... #Heat #Spurs #NBAFinals, #HoopDistrict, Wizards Workout Wednesday: Strickland & Plumlee talk DC ties, Heat/Spurs, Mason's reaction to #Terps move to Big 10, Wizards Pre-Draft Wednesday Workout feat. @KarronJohnson13 @BAMJR_13 @brockm12 @masonplumlee @DStrick01, [ NBA Finals Game 2 Recap ] Styles make fights, [ NBA Finals Game 1 Recap ] - A Game of Inches, [ 3-on-3: The NBA Finals Edition ] - Will Lebron Get His Revenge?, [ Paying Homage ] - It's Never a Bad Moment For Some Gilbert Nostalgia, [ 3-on-3: Draft Edition #1 ] - Otto or Bennett? To Trust or Not to Trust Ernie? Who Goes Late?, [ 2013 Wizards Draft Prospect #8] - Cody Zeller, [ RANT ] - LeFlop James: Catalyst of a Basketball Epidemic, John Wall Says Wizards Need a "Four Man That Can Pick & Pop", John Wall flossin' some new body ink (courtesy of Instagram @john_wall), Respect., You guys are going to love our newest author, Mr. Zain Zaidi. His inaugural column for Hoop District brilliantly maps out what to expect in this year's Eastern Conference Finals between Indy and Miami.., The one glaring upside of having the 3rd overall pick for the Wizards is the opportunity to NOT draft another Euro project. That, and much more as Abdullah discusses what's to come in the next few weeks as the Wizards prep themselves for the 2013 Draft., The Wizards grab the #3 overall pick in the upcoming draft! Looks to be a clear path for Otto Porter, Ben McLemore, or Anthony Bennett.

Who's at the top of your wish list?, Here's to the Wizards winning the draft lottery!, We begin our new era with Wizards coverage from New York City tonight, as our very own Harrison Weinhold will be in the house with Bradley Beal at the Radio City Music Hall, bringing you live tweets updates from the much anticipated NBA Draft Lottery., We are just a few hours away from our official site launch!

#HoopDistrict, null, Want to acknowledge and thank the Facebook Pages team for assisting us in the name change. Our team is extremely grateful for their efforts. T-minus 4 days till we go live at HoopDistrict., Wizards fans, the time is very, VERY near. No, not playoff contention (yet), but we promise you this is ALMOST as exciting. As we mentioned a few weeks ago, Wizards Extreme is formally restructuring and REBRANDING. We have separated from the Bloguin network and are currently under the construction of a brand new, independent site, with a new name, new logo and new layout.

Using our generous media credentials, we aim to take our current structure of basketball coverage and enhance it with several new segments, new writers, and a new format. This includes more high-end photography, entertaining and intuitive video coverage, as well as the expansion of our writing staff, which now stands at a total of 12 talented and knowledgeable bloggers who can write to the average fan or the basketball junkie. Also improving our coverage will be the addition of a monthly podcast, which will feature a roundtable of our bloggers and local and national personalities.

We are happy to officially introduce to you our new brand: 

***HOOPDISTRICT.NET*** A comprehensive basketball blog covering the Washington Wizards, the Washington Mystics, the DC Goodman League, and all major NBA events including the Draft and All-Star Game.

The launch date for the new site is set for Tuesday, May 21st, as we begin our on-site coverage of the 2013 NBA Draft, starting with the draft lottery in New York City next week. You will also soon notice on Twitter the replacement of the @Wizards_Extreme handle with our new Twitter handle: @HoopDistrictDC, as well as our new Facebook page: facebook.com/HoopDistrictDC.

More updates will be posted soon as we wind down to our anticipated launch date.

Stay tuned and PLEASE SHARE!!!, We are very proud to announce the return of one of our commendable writers, Mr. Shaun Ahmad, who, in his first column back, writes about the dilemma surrounding Bulls star Derrick Rose and his anticipated return to basketball.

We know this is a touchy subject for most basketball fans, so give it a read and tell us how YOU feel., A season that began with uncertainty, a ton of criticism, and of course, injuries, John Wall not only came back strong enough to turn around his team's lack of success, but he finally emerged as a top player at his position. And he accomplished all this in just half a season while not being at full strength.

JoeGlo wonderfully closes out our 2013 Wizards player evaluations with our leader, the Game Changer -- John Wall. Enjoy., If you were excited for the season Bradley Beal had (minus the injuries), you'll want to read our latest player evaluation., After being signed to a one-year deal last offseason, fan favorite Martell Webster exceeded many expectations. Trevor Jackson assesses his season performance., More Wizards final player evaluations. Next up: A.J. Price., A look at Emeka Okafor's season..., SNEAKER HEADS!!

The improvement or change in an NBA player's game has rarely ever been attributed to the sneakers he's wearing. However, John Wall just may be that one exception.

Check out this column, written by guest writer Izzy Gainsburg from Wall's official website JohnWall2.com, explaining John's dramatic change in production after switching over to the new Adidas Crazy-Quick sneakers., Trevor Ariza's first full season with the Wizards got off to a fairly slow start, but he eventually worked his way to becoming a consistent threat on offense and a staple for the team's top 10 defense.

Mike Andrews evaluates his overall production for this past season..., We are excited to announce that Wizards Extreme will be completely rebranding this offseason. Better coverage. Better content. Better image. Stay tuned!!, Jason Collins becomes the NBA's first active player to reveal his homosexuality., null, In his latest column, Charles Lamar provides us with a comprehensive look at the Wizards' historic draft woes, dating all the way back to 1992.

This may or may not simmer your excitement for the upcoming draft., and in case you missed it yesterday...the Wizards' Trevor Booker was evaluated by our Trevor Jackson.., Moving along in our player evaluations...next up: our favorite Frenchman, Kevin Seraphin., Chris Singleton regressed greatly in production this season from his rookie year, and our own Joe Glorioso maps out his struggles in our latest player roundup., So, Saam was designated to write the final assessment of Jan Vesely's production and contributions this season and assign him an overall grade. He was clearly not happy about this, and took it out on his article.

This one's brutal..., It's summertime for the Wiz Kids, and that means it's time for Wizards Extreme to issue out final player grades. Over the next few days, we'll be assessing each Wizards player's performance for the 2012-13 season, as Mike Andrews kicks us off with his take on Cartier Martin.., Between Wall's 47-point game, Beal's game winner vs. OKC, and Martell's seven 3-pointer game, what was your favorite stand out performance this season?

This week's 3-on-3 segment highlights this question, and more..., You just can't say enough about Martell Webster's presence on this team. We've been raving about his uplifting charisma and positive attitude ALL season.

Check out his exit interview with the media last week at the Verizon Center. He is the MAN.

*Must watch: be sure to check out the last video where he calls out Kevin Seraphin in the middle of his interview!, null, null, NEW 3-on-3 segment:

--Ariza, Nene and Webster all shut down for the remaining two games.

--Trevor Ariza says Kobe Bryant's injury is "devastating for the league."

--John Wall ranked no. 21 on ESPN's #NBArank list.

Check out Charles, Mike and Abdullah's feedback on these topics below..., null, John Wall getting ready to throw the first pitch in tonight's Nationals game!, Last night's post-game coverage..., null, James Singleton is back on that 10-day contract grind after signing with the Knicks., Interesting story regarding the whereabouts of the 'missing' Bullets 1978 championship trophy..., null, null, So apparently John Wall had a heated exchange with Emeka Okafor during practice back in late February, and according to John, that argument has played a big factor in his recent surge the past 20+ games.

Story below.., *How well (or not) does the return of Okafor and Ariza bode for the Wizards? 

*What can prevent the Wizards from getting homesick when they play away from DC?

*Besides Webster, which other player with an expiring contract deserves to keep his Wizards uniform for next season?

Mike, Jamal and Trevor have the answers to these questions in this week's 3-on-3..., null, John Wall's stat line versus the NBA's #1 ranked defense: 37 points, 16/25 FG, 5 ast, 4 reb, 2 steals, 2 blocks, 2 TO.

That is all., Also, don't forget the Wizards are paying tribute to the 1978 Washington Bullets championship team at halftime of tonight's game. All fans in attendance will receive a replica 1978 NBA Championship ring on a keychain. The team will also participate in a special Q&A and autograph session for Wizards season ticketholders prior to the game., So the Wizards are looking to disrupt the Pacers' playoff positioning tonight at the Verizon Center. And for that I challenge you all to say "Pacers' playoff positioning" as quick as you can 5 straight times..

GO WIZARDS!, Emeka Okafor and Trevor Ariza have both announced their decision to play out the final year of their contracts next season and not go for the early-termination option. While this decision carries some significant salary cap implications, Abdullah embraces the return of OkAriza for one more year, thanks to their pleasant mid-season improvements.

Read more below..., null, Jamal recaps yet another Wizards road loss., It's a good thing OPTIMISM is a requirement for Wizards fans, because Randy Wittman sure did a good job of fueling us with some of it after he reminded us that the Wizards "are not eliminated" yet from playoff contention...

Witt's post-game video along with an explanation from Abdullah below., null, In our latest 3-on-3 segment, Abdullah, Trevor, and Mike focus on:

*John Wall and Bradley Beal's individual interviews with Grantland.com

*Randy Wittman's "overlooked" job as the Wizards coach this season

*and our opinions on Kevin Seraphin's weird Instagram feed..., Thanks to a wacky Tournament season, our original 'Top 10 players to watch' was quickly trimmed down to five...and ultimately down to ONE, with Glenn Robinson III being the remaining prospect to survive as his Wolverines get set for the Final Four.

Check out the player roundup for the five prospects who participated in the Sweet 16 and Elite 8 rounds, written by Abdullah Sharif., Bradley Beal returned from his ankle sprain last night and gave Toronto the BUSINESS with 24 points off six made 3-pointers.

For what it's worth, the Wizards are closing in on the 9th spot in the East after a tumultuous 4-28 start, and are showing great energy in these final games of the season. 

Joe's recap is below..., null, One of our readers brought up a very interesting topic recently: Kevin Durant, and the possibility of him returning home to play basketball in D.C. after he becomes a free agent in 2016.

With the right front office moves, along with the uprising of Wall and Beal, the Wizards could build enough attraction and respectability over the next 3 years to lure a hometown-loving All-Star like KD...

Read our column and share your thoughts..., Did you know that ex-Wizard/Hoya Jahidi White plays an alien in a sci-fi TV film titled "Showdown at Area 51"?, With six players inactive, including three starters, the Wizards shot 32% for the game and get Thunder-rolled in OKC. Somehow, John Wall still managed 18 and 12. Recap below.., Michael Wilbon on ESPN pregame show: "if Wall plays the entire season, the Wizards are not just in playoffs, they'd be in 5 spot challenging for the 4 spot."

Like if you agree!, In this week's edition of "Paying Homage", Trevor Jackson relives his childhood obsession with former Bullets star Chris Webber., The Washington Wizards: a Western Conference playoff team's worst nightmare.

Thunder ✓
Lakers ✓
Grizzles ✓
Nuggets ✓
Clippers ✓ 
Rockets ✓

Can the Wiz Kids complete a season sweep of the OKC Thunder tonight?, Every Wizards fan should watch this!

After last night's win, Randy Wittman talked about John Wall's struggle to recovery, saying "you guys have no idea what John went through" and the hard work he put in to get himself back into basketball shape again., null, Full in-depth report on our Top 10 lottery prospects from this past weekend's tournament games, brought to you by Joe and Abdullah., Yeah, we're still posting about John Wall., For your view pleasure: All 47., "One thing we do know for sure is John's WILL. His WILL to suppress all the circulating doubts about him and the commitment to turning his naysayers into crickets. Those instincts and emotions run deeper than we know, but the important thing is that we got to witness the gratifying outcome of those emotions tonight against the Grizzlies."

Read more about John Wall's career night below..., JOHN WALL DROPS A CAREER-HIGH 47 POINTS TONIGHT!!, Very informative segment by our guys in this week's 3-on-3 segment. Topics include:

*The Wizards' overall performance during their 4-game road trip.

*The awe of John Wall's continued emergence as the fierce leader of the franchise.

*With Wall, Beal, Nene and HOPEFULLY Webster returning next year, Ted & Ernie have pretty much built their core for the near future. 

Charles, Trevor, and Mike take on all three questions and bless us with their analysis.

Share your thoughts as well!, Here's the clip of John Wall jawing at Klay Thompson, courtesy of TruthAboutIt.net 

Note: Thompson deserved every bit of this earful., Steph Curry goes off; John Wall gets tossed. Thank God for the flight home. 

Last night's recap by Abdullah below.., The offense can't score points without Beal and Okafor, Lakers fans said. Oh, Kobe and Pau are back in the lineup, Lakers fans said. The Wizards have NO CHANCE of winning at the Staples Center, Lakers fans said. 

....but all we hear is crickets now...., In our latest edition of "Living Wizardly", Saam (sarcastically) talks about Leandro Barbosa's impact on the team since his acquisition. Also, Martell Webster advises against watching the new movie "Oz", and Saam reflects back on his UMD days and a fun night with former Terp Greivis Vasquez.

It's a fun read, check it out!, Saam spews his thoughts on all the John Wall 'max-deal' talk., MARCH MADNESS IS OFFICIALLY UPON US!! We are just moments away from tip-off for the 2013 NCAA Tournament, which features PLENTY of draft prospects for our lottery-bound Wizards.

Check out this column by Joe Glorioso, which details the top 10 players to watch for in this year's competition and tell us who you'd like to see in a Wiz uniform next season.

We'll be posting daily recaps of all the action, with full analysis of each of the 10 players' performances throughout the entire tournament!, Simply put...ANY road win is a good win for the Wizards. Thanks to a dominating 33-9 run in the first half, the Wiz Kids overcame 21 turnovers to complete a season sweep of the Phoenix Suns.

Recap by Abdullah below..., Just a few hours before Lebron James -- a longtime nemesis of the Wizards -- takes on his former squad in Cleveland, looking for his team's 24th consecutive win. 

For this week's "Homage" post, it's hard not to pay tribute to the everlasting animosity only true Wizards fans still have for LBJ, dating all the way back to the 2006 Playoffs.

Michael Andrews takes us back...., null, Abdullah was so excited about Wall being named the Eastern Conference Player of the Week that he wrote about it, read it here.., Congratulations to John Wall for earning Eastern Conference Player of the Week!, When Martell Webster was signed by the Wizards to a one-year contract this past offseason, not many expected him to perform at the high level he has been all season, let alone becoming a top-5 3-point shooter. It's been quite the pleasant surprise as Joe Glorioso details in his latest column...

Here's to resigning Martell Webster!, Kinda late with this, but who wouldn't want to read more about the incredible show Martell Webster and the Wizards gave us on Saturday night..., Even Martell Webster had to shrug after knocking down his seventh 3-pointer of the night. 'Tell finished with a career-high 34 points, helping the Wizards dismantle the Suns 127-105., Post-game interviews from last night's Hornets game, featuring John Wall and Martell Webster.., Before last night, John Wall teased us with a 3-pointer here and another there. But last night, he tipped everyone over with THREE first half 3-pointers, en route to a season high 29 points on 12-for-15 shooting -- which included only 2 layups.

Here's to great performance by John Wall. Let's hope he continues the surge tonight vs. Phoenix.

Charles Lamar with last night's recap...., JOHN WALL HAS KNOCKED DOWN THREE 3-POINTERS IN THE FIRST HALF TONIGHT., null, "Whatever it takes for you to get ready, you know...have two midgets come in here to massage you if need be."

Only you, Martell Webster...., More Wizards/Bucks post-game coverage. Larry Sanders' double-tech ejection late in the game proved Milwaukee's frustration. That and more from last night in the latest column from Mike Andrews., Can't say enough about John Wall tonight. His 23 points and 10 assists barely tell the story about his spectacular performance as he carried the short-handed Wizards out of a 3rd quarter slump and steered them to victory over the playoff-bound Milwaukee Bucks.

Abdullah has tonight's recap..., No Kyrie? No problem for the Cavs against the Wizards tonight. 

John Wall had a near triple-double but it wasn't enough, as the Wiz blew a double digit first quarter lead en route to ANOTHER road loss. Recap by Jamal Smith below.., Jamal, Mike, and Abdullah discuss these three topics in this week's 3-on-3 segment: The Wizards resilience after the blowout in Brooklyn; Martell Webster and Trevor Ariza showing the hot hand; and how would you feel about the Wizards finishing one game out of the playoffs despite an 0-12 start?, The locker room is such a happier place for Martell Webster when his team wins. Last night he decides to intrude on Trevor Ariza's interview by making weird vulture noises. Check it out for yourself., Trevor Ariza balled out last night with 26 points and 10 rebounds as the Wizards bounced back from Friday night's Brooklyn massacre to beat the Bobcats last night 104-87., On the eve of Biggie's death anniversary in Brooklyn, his spirit had to have been infused into Deron Williams' shooting wrist. A record-setting night for D-Will left the Wizards in shambles from the very beginning, and they never recovered., Bradley Beal was in a practice uniform at this morning's shootaround in Brooklyn. Listed as questionable for tonight's game vs. the Nets. #getwellsoon, Check out our latest edition of "Living Wizardly" -- where we fish out the most intriguing social media content that's either shared by Wizards players or is pertaining to the Wizards.

This week's post features Jordan Crawford shouting out Bradley Beal; an interesting retweet from Martell Webster; and an ecstatic fan who refuses to wash his hand after touching Jan Vesely o_O, Last summer's 'draft & stash' pick Tomas Satoranksy of the Czech Republic has shown some upside recently overseas. Jamal details his progress..., Who remembers Etan Thomas and his acclaimed poetry? Wiz Extreme writer Saam Bozorgmehr sure does and he took some time to write a poem of his own in honor of the former Wizards big man. It's fun, catchy, and corny all at the same time.

Here's to #36!, The Wizards coughed up a winnable game against the Wolves last night behind 24 turnovers. And it sucked.

Recap below., Wizards at T'Wolves tonight at 8.

Game note: Bradley Beal is listed as doubtful and will most likely not play tonight. Coach Wittman tells us to expect a heavy dose of Webster and Ariza, while Cartier Martin is also expected to get some playing time., A new segment titled '3-on-3' is now featured on Wizards Extreme where we focus on three burning topics revolving around our beloved Wiz Kids. In this week's post, Abdullah, Trevor, and Joe discuss:

*The latest injury to Bradley Beal and the impact it will have on the Wizards

*Wall's huge jump shot in the presence of his #1 sh*t-talker, David Falk

*The Wizards tough schedule ahead, where 14 of their final 24 games are away from home..

Check out their responses below!, Our lead man Abdullah chimed in on a roundtable discussion with our friends at WizardsXTRA and made a case for Bradley Beal's chances of winning Rookie of the Year honors (despite his recent injury):

“Although on the surface it seems like Brad Beal is merely a long shot at ROY honors (thanks to Damian Lillard), the vast progression and evolvement of Beal’s game has earned him every right to be in the conversation. Over the course of the season, we witnessed Beal not only improve his on and off ball game, but he’s also shown his ability to stand out in clutch moments by hitting big shot after big shot. Beal suffered from a slow start to his season just as the Wizards struggled, but has since been superb offensively, armed with a deadly jump shot and a serious assertion for attacking the rim.”

What are your thoughts? Link to full article below..., Per the Wizards PR memo this morning: the Wizards will make history next fall when they play the first-ever NBA game in Rio de Janero, Brazil on October 12th. It will be a preseason contest against the Chicago Bulls, part of the NBA's new "Global Games" initiative., WALL SO HARD!! John's clutch jumper with 4 seconds left in the game lifted the Wiz Kids past Philly tonight. He told reporters after the game that he always wants to have the ball with the game on the line. 

WE like that :), null, Charles and Saam are at the Phone Booth tonight set to bring you full game coverage. Be sure to follow their tweets throughout the game @Wizards_Extreme. Go WIZ!, Getting close to tip-off...Who's ready to see 10,000 broken hearted Knicks fans at the Verizon Center again??, More recap stuff..., Feelings of dejection have been a rarity in the Wizards locker room as of late, but last night was an exception after another loss to Detroit.

Check out what John Wall, Trevor Ariza and Bradley Beal had to say following last night's heartbreaker., null, How devastating was that Buckhantz #DaggerFail on the Ariza air-ball, though? But it's a bigger shame we can't win against those damn Pistons. Ah well, on to a team we CAN beat...

The KNICKS :), SI.com 's RobMahoney calls the Wizards "secretly elite" (defensively) -- and he ain't lyin., null, BAM! Wizards win their third straight and now face a three-game home stretch coming up, where they've won 10 of their last 12., We've always mentioned how great of a player Martell Webster has become for the Wizards and his impact on the team's recent success.

Well, check out goofy side of Martell in this post, as he intrudes on rookie Bradley Beal's post-game interview.., null, null, 64 first half points; seven players in double figures; three players with double-doubles; TWO clutch jump shots by John Wall in the final minutes and the Wizards SWEEP the Denver Nuggets this season with a 119-113 victory!, JaVale McGee returns to Chinatown for the first time since last year's trade deadline! Share with us your most memorable #ThatsSoJaVale moment..., All in all, the Crawford trade to Boston is virtually meaningless in terms of change within the team or the movement going forward. Monetarily it serves a purpose a bit of chump change will be unloaded off the books this summer, but not much else. Crawford had worn out his presence on the floor well before any trade speculation had arisen, so his decrease in minutes ultimately makes no difference. Abdullah Sharif explains more here..., Jordan Crawford has been shipped to Boston for Leandro Barbosa's torn ACL and expiring contract. Thoughts here..., The NBA trade deadline is just a few hours away and in a rare instance, the Wizards are actually pursuing top talent as opposed to simply looking to off-load bad contracts or underachievers (besides Jordan Crawford). In his latest column, Jamal talks about what the Wizards should do to make today, and their distant future, a success., null, Odd night at the Phone Booth tonight: Scoreboard loses power. John Wall was an offensive wreck. Jordan Crawford tosses his jersey into the bleachers before walking back through the tunnel as a Wizard for possibly the last time. Rudy Gay and rapper Wale exchange mean words to each other. Wizards lose to the Raptors., The hangover from All-Star Weekend has officially gone away and it's back to business. The Wizards have a few decisions to make going into the second half of the season, especially over the next 40 hours before the trade deadline:

*Are they really making a strong push for Atlanta's Josh Smith? How would he fit in the Wizards' rotation?

*What will eventually become of Jordan Crawford? Wiz fans are still waiting to hear his ultimate fate.

Also, how excited are you really for the continuing progress of Wall and Beal together? Check out our thoughts and share yours as well.., So how did All-Star Weekend fare for you? Mike Andrews and Abdullah Sharif recap their helluva weekend in H-Town fun-packed with missed dunks, celeb sightings and an awkward encounter with a Wizards fan. Check out the full write-up here..., null, null, NBA All-Star Saturday photos, courtesy of Abdullah Sharif are up! Enjoy!, Exclusive full recap, photos and post-game interview from last night's All-Star Saturday Night action., Heat coach Erik Spoelstra and Dywane Wade share positive insight about the Wizards., Did you enjoy Bradley Beal's talent showcase at the BBVA Rising Stars Challenge? Check out our recap from last night's game along with a GIF image of Ricky Rubio's sweet  between-the-legs bounce pass to Beal for a dunk. Post-game video also included., Lebron with the "you serious?" facial expression as the East All-Stars come out to address the media., Sigh. Fond memories of an All-Star Wizard..., We are Houston-bound for All-Star Weekend! Please be sure to follow us on Twitter and Instagram @Wizards_Extreme as our very own Mike Andrews and Abdullah Sharif will be providing updates and photos/videos of ALL the happenings at ALL the events beginning tonight with Bradley Beal in the BBVA Rising Stars Challenge, followed by All-Star Saturday Night, and of course the All-Star game on Sunday!, How far back do you remember the NBA All-Star game? In this column, Jamal tells us his story as he takes us back to 1990, when All-Star Weekend took place in Miami.

Also included in it's entirety is that year's dunk contest, featuring Kenny Smith, Shawn Kemp and Dominique Wilkins. Check it out.., The Wizards hung around for most of the game, before a 14-2 run by the Pistons in the 4th quarter put them away and snapped a 4-game winning streak right before the All-Star break.

Jamal A. Smith provides the post-game analysis.., We've got a tight one at the sparsely populated Palace in Detroit. Wizards lead the Pistons 45-44, led by 12 points from Okafor and 10 from Beal., All-Star Weekend is looming and that usually doesn't entail much for our poor Wizards. And even when they are participating, they always seem to get slighted in some fashion. Like the time JaVale McGee's dazzling 2-balls-in-2-hoops dunk was voted off in favor of......Blake Griffin dunking over the front bumper of a KIA?

Charles Lamar continues venting below......., Wizards Extreme exclusive photography, courtesy of our very own @JoeGlo1, Tenacity, energy, leadership, BALLER= all the words that scratch the surface when defining who Martell Webster is.

Here's how he described his streaking Wizards: “On this team, we divide the dinner plate evenly. Everybody has been eating lately.”

Webster may have quietly become the best free agent pickup from last summer. Why not?, Bradley Beal will again come off the bench tonight in Detroit, according to @MrMichaelLee., To follow up yesterday's post by Abdullah questioning the whereabouts of Jordan Crawford, we've brought on Cory Grubbs of Blog So Hard Sports to share some trade scenarios that could involve Jordan Crawford IF the Wizards  consider moving him before next week's trade deadline.

Cory suggests two trade scenarios that would land either Derrick Williams or Rip Hamilton in return for JCraw and explains the significance of the trades for each team in his post below.

Share your thoughts and scenarios as well!, null, Over the past 4 games (all wins), Jordan Crawford has clocked a total of 11 minutes (0 in the last two), has taken only 5 shots attempts (making only 2)..and the Wizards have WON all 4 games. With the trade deadline just over a week away, what should the Wizards do? Keep him or ship him? Share your thoughts..., The Wizards are gradually becoming the feel-good story of the NBA with a newfound success that’s driven by young players evolving, veterans bestowing leadership and quite simply, they are a group that's gelling and playing team basketball.

After tomorrow night, the Wizards may be riding a six-game win streak going into the All-Star break. Thoughts?, Wall and Beal = a problem in the back court. Sad to see them emerge after injuries and a rough start, but refreshing to know they could be part of something special for DC basketball for years to come. Like if you agree!, How 'bout them Wizards!? Make that four straight wins now after taking down Milwaukee 102-90 tonight. Bradley Beal lead all scorers with a career high 28 points. Nene with a double double (21 and 13) and the Wizards shoot 56% from the field.

GO WIZARDS!!!!, WHERE BRICKLYN AT?! -- by @mikeandrews89, Bradley Beal is finally set to return to the #Wizards lineup tonight after a 5 game absence. WHO MISSED HIM!?, null, null, null, null, null, Rasheed Wallace's #Knicks are in town tonight, and for that, we pay homage to the former Bullet.., null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, "We've gotta start closing out these games." Brad Beal & John Wall express their disappointment in last night's loss to Sactown., null, null, null, null, @Abdu11ah also teamed up with @jflesta of Timberpups.com to provide insight on tonight's #WizWolves matchup, null, null, The new and improved #Wizards banner display on WizardsExtreme.com.. Tell us what you think!, null, [ WE Game Recap ] - Wizards at Clippers: @Abdu11ah doesn't like Blake Griffin., null, null, null, null, null, #Wizards fans! Take a moment to check out our new exclusive WE Photography page; courtesy of our very own @JoeGlo1, null, null, null, null, null, With the #Wizards carrying the leagues worst record & lacking in successful planning, its a good time to revisit "The Plan", null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, While LeBron hate has been a recent trend for many NBA fans, Wizards fans have held a grudge for much longer, our man Chuck Lamar explains.., null, null, null, Gonna pop some champagne and enjoy some Wizards airtime on SportsCenter ALLLL night!, Surprisingly a louder cheer for the Wiz Kids than the Heat when they came out to the floor, @mikeandrews89 is on-site at the Verizon Center for tonight's game versus...gulp...the Miami Heat. Stay locked here for all updates during the game, Randy Wittman mentioned the possibility of a starting lineup change, but would not say who..., null, null, null, null, null, null, WE Post: @mikeandrews89 with one final say on the Blatche fiasco...until January 4th., null, null, That's it. Final: 118-92. Spurs have 7 players in double-figures, Crawford leads all scorers with 19., Vesely falls over trying to get a rebound. Not a foul-out. But I'll take it--it was pretty entertaining #ugh, Jan Vesely is back in with a minute and a half to play and 4 fouls. Can he do it? #foulout?, Mass exodus at the Phone Booth with 3 and a half to play. No one in the stands or on the court seems to care anymore., Bonner finally misses one Jan Vesely style, he's still 3/4 from 3pt land though. Wiz down by 27 110-83 with 4 and a half to play, I think Wittman's out of ideas. Martin checked out about 1 minute ago. He's checking back in now. Crawford just sunk a 28 footer, everyones going for the lulz., Bonner sinks another three. Fans exiting with 7 min to play. Only way Popovich could troll the fans more is to hack-a-Jan, Splitter is three assists away from a triple double, Bonner is sinking threes like free throws, Wiz down 26, Popovich is trolling us now..., Seraphin missing easy layups, no defensive pressure, fans booing, Wizards down 25 99-74. #sigh, Wizards try to put some full court pressure on the Spurs. San Antonio responds with a Bonner three and a nifty layup from Ginobli. Fans booing loudly now, Has Vesely ever NOT been on the Chick-Fil-A Fowl Report? 4th Quarter begins, Wiz down 92-70, Vesely picks up his fourth foul of the night. 1 minute later. This time he got his ankles broken, too. he's only played 7 minutes tonight. #production, Vesely's third foul of the game and 33rd of the season is an and-one. He stat line tonight? 0pts 0rebs 0ast 3pf, One of the most undersized, weakest lineups ever: Singleton, Crawford, Webster, Martin, Vesely, Seraphin has to check out, Vesely stood up from the bench and a very audible groan from the crowd ensued., Things coming unraveled again for the Wizards. Lead grows to 19 for the Spurs after a turnover and an offensive foul, Seraphin trying to keep the Wizards in it. He has 16 points, 6 of those this quarter. Wiz down 72-58.  #WizSpurs, AJ Price defending Tony Parker is going as well as it sounds. Parker has 13 easy, uncontested points, Wittman takes time early in the third as Wiz go down 66-50. Things starting to unravel a little bit here. Fans seem too disinterested to even boo anymore., Ginobli just forced a five-second violation on Webster. Wiz end the half down 60-48. Webster leads all scorers with 13., Price would've had 5 assists if Okafor knew how to catch a ball though :(, So. Price is kind of lighting it up, too. 11 pts on 4/4 shooting and 4 ast. Wiz down 52-48 with 2 to play in the half, Wizards reverting back to old ways (bad), and so are the Spurs (good), Wiz now down 46-38 halfway through second., Vesely would have to make a three to catch his points total up to his foul total. He's 0-1 career in 3pt. #NotHappening, Welp. Make that 32 fouls. That's 2 fouls in 24 seconds for Vesely. #NewRecords, Well. That Vesely thing? So much for that. Picks up his 31st foul of the season 4 minutes after he enters. Still waiting on more points though., Martell Webster is taking over the game for the Wizards with 11 quick points. Wizards up 32-31, Vesely has played 2 minutes officially without a foul. #NewTraditions, During one of the "name as many" games during the quarter break, Jordan Crawford named "Cheetos" as a candy. #steez, 1st Quarter over. Wiz down 29-25. Price with 7 pts, Webster with 6., Earl Barron did a solid Okafor impersonation with his missed jumper from the free throw line., Martell Webster is the king of getting fouled on the three pointer. He converts the 4-point play. Wiz up 23-22 with 90 seconds to go in the first, Trevor Ariza is still playing like Trevor Ariza after a botched wide open layup, though, dont worry. Wiz down 20-19 with 3 minutes to play, AJ Price is playing a little more like Bradley Beal is supposed to instead of playing like AJ Price. #confusingpixels, Okafor sinks what seems like his first jump shot all season. Wiz up 13-9 with 6 and a half to play in the first., Wiz find themselves with a quick lead up 9-3. Seraphin is handling Blair pretty well. And AJ Price made a three pointer. Is tonight the night?, Seraphin scores the first Wizards points pretty quickly on a nice powerful hook shot with Blair smothering him on D, @DJ_Saam and @mikeandrews89 are live from the Verizon Center. Stay tuned for updates as the Wiz look to grab their first win of the season., null, null, null, null, Some thoughts from Jamal A. Smith on the Wizards latest new low., null, Living Wizardly: No Potential For Next Year's Draft Class, Demise of Janerro Pargo & Bynum's Perm -- by @DJ_Saam, In this weeks edition of "Jamal's Moment" @funkylikemulch kindles memories of the well revered Cap Centre. A must read!, null, null, null, null, null, WE Game Recap; Wizards at Bobcats: Wiz Remain Winless and WE're Running Out of Witty Taglines -- by @MrTakeitEasy, null, null, null, null, 5 games in, give us your predictions for leading rebounder this year:

http://www.wizardsextreme.com/forums/showthread.php?p=100519#post100519, 5 games in, give us your predictions for leading scorer this year:

http://www.wizardsextreme.com/forums/showthread.php?p=100520#post100520, null, null, null, The generation of social media we are living in today has bridged many connections between fans and the rest of the sports world, granting us exclusive access to our favorite teams and athletes. The type of access our daddys would have only dreamed of attaining. So this year, WE are proud to offer Wizards fans a segment that will reveal the week’s top three Wizards-related tweets, Facebook statuses, Instagram uploads, AIM away messages, pretty much anything that goes viral. Whether it’s posted by a Wizard or about a Wizard, we’ll be sure to find it, and expose it.

Jamal A. Smith kicks us off with this week's fun findings.., null, null, null, Taking a bit of a Wall Street approach as @JoeGlo1 kicks off our new season-long segment "Wizards Stock Watch"..Peep dat.., null, null, Please welcome Jamal A. Smith @funkylikemulch to the WE writing team, steering a new segment titled "Jamal's Moment", null, null, null, Countdown to the #Wizards opening season tip-off!, Game Time! Wizards @ Cleveland - 7:00 PM Tonight. Game thread is up:

http://www.wizardsextreme.com/forums/showthread.php?p=100422#post100422, Roster Breakdown and Preview

http://www.wizardsextreme.com/forums/showthread.php?p=100415#post100415, Season Predictions

http://www.wizardsextreme.com/forums/showthread.php?p=100414#post100414, The BEAL World

http://www.wizardsextreme.com/forums/showthread.php?t=5027&page=9, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, Open thread for tonight's #WizardsKnicks preseason game now posted in the WE Forum..

and oh yeah GO #NATS!!, Video: Wizards Season Tip-Off Event; featuring @John_Wall @bigtiggershow and DC's own @Wale. Video produced by @Abdu11ah, null, null, null, null, Our man @mikeandrews89 did some experimenting with the #Wizards on the newly released #NBA2K13 game., null, null, null, WHO IS READY FOR THE 2012-2013 NBA SEASON!?

Is this the year the Wizards finally do well? What do you guys think!?, null, null, #Wizards training camp is just around the corner! @tjackson85 briefs us on some of the new invites joining the team in early October, highlighting Steven Gray as the player to look out for., null, Recently at the #Reebok Breakout Challenge, it was John Wall who was challenged by a top recruit high schooler. @tjackson85 gives us his reaction., null, null, Come join @John_Wall, Gilbert Arenas, Chris Brown and WIZARDS EXTREME at The Goodman League Roundball Classic!, If you could combine 12 players from the '92 Dream Team and this year's Olympic squad to form a USA power team, who would you pick? 

Check out our latest "Starting Five" segment as our writers pick their rosters and also discuss other burning topics leading into this year's Olympic tournament!, WASHINGTON WIZARDS SCHEDULE HAS BEEN RELEASED!

WE just got the official word from the Wizards as they will play the CAVS for the season opener on Tuesday October 30th (at Cleveland) and then they play the Boston Celtics at home for the home opener on Wednesday, November 7th. Wizards play the Lakers December 14th, the Miami Heat on Dec 4th and April 10th along with the debut of the Brooklyn Nets on Jan 4th 2013. Please check out WizardsExtreme.com for more the latest!, POLL: Who will be the #Wizards leading rebounder this year?

http://www.wizardsextreme.com/forums/showthread.php?p=100131#post100131, POLL: Who will be the #Wizards leading scorer this year?

http://www.wizardsextreme.com/forums/showthread.php?p=100130#post100130, null, After some very sloppy possessions from Team USA, Paul lobs an alley oop to Lebron to get the crowd back on their feet. Still down 17-9 with 4 min to go in 1st, Tiago Splitter just threw the ball at the basket while falling down. He is showing up for Brazil. #USABrazil, Kobe Bryant fouls Splitter pretty hard and Brazil has the 7-2 lead with 7:30 to play in the first., Kobe and Barbosa matched up together and they are already jawing and shoving at each other. SHould be an interesting night from them. #USABrazil, And we have tip-off at the Verizon Center. First points come from a Lebron James free throw., Just when you thought it couldn't get louder, Barack Obama and Joe Biden walk out from the tunnel to their seats. #USABrazil, Verizon Center going nuts for the Team USA starting lineups, Crowd goes nuts for Nene in the starting lineup. #Wizards fans definitely showed up tonight, Varejao gets booed even more than Lebron, DC still holding a grudge on Lebron. He gets booed when showed on the big screen at the phone booth. Kobe getting a lot of cheers, however., Team USA comes out to a deafening roar from the crowd #USABrazil, Team Brazil Men's Basketball comes out onto the floor to mostly boos but a few cheers from the few Brazil fans in the house., Team USA Women's Basketball Exhibition versus Brazil has finished. USA wins in a deciding fashion. 99-67, null, Veterans weigh in on #Wizards and #TeamUSA, null, null, It took a while for the Wizards to wake up, but they got much better as the quarter went along. Hawks lead 23-15 after the first, Shelvin Mack, Bradley Beal, Chris Singleton, Jan Vesely and Shavlik Randolph are your starting five for the Wizards!, a 12 year old just sang the National Anthem very beautifully before today's tip off.

And no, Mo Cheeks did not have to come and save her. Well done kiddo! bravo!, Wizards take the court for Warm Ups #summerleague

Starting line up will be announced shortly, null, With our newest Wizard -- Bradley Beal -- fresh in a Wizards snapback and fitted for his new jersey, WE at Wizards Extreme map out five burning questions regarding our top draft pick and the expectations he endures playing alongside John Wall., null, null, null, A quick write-up on our newest Wizard!, null, Kevin Seraphin Working Out in DC

http://www.wizardsextreme.com/forums/showthread.php?p=99525#post99525, More #Wizards trade coverage by @mikeandrews89, including Ernie's immediate post-trade comments.., Andray Blatche set Twitter on fire last night! This is a MUST READ.., @MrTakeitEasy breaks down the Rashard/Okafor/Ariza trade and what it means for the #Wizards going forward. Your thoughts?, This event seems more suited for @DJ_SAAM rather than an NBA power forward. @mikeandrews89 reports on the  whereabouts of Andray Blatche., Our Wizards Extreme team served as guest judges for the Wizards Girls auditions yesterday at the Verizon Center. @Abdu11ah discusses out how it went down!, Florida standout Bradley Beal was in DC yesterday for his pre-draft workout for the Wizards. Check out our exclusive coverage courtesy of @JoeGlo1!, @DJ_Saam was on site at the Verizon Center this afternoon where Kansas star and DMV's very own Thomas Robinson performed his pre-draft workout for the Wizards. Check it out!, null, Our community members tackle the mock draft.  Give us your opinion:  http://www.wizardsextreme.com/forums/showthread.php?p=99349#post99349  #Wizards, null, null, null, How do you feel about the #Wizards retaining coach Wittman? Here's what @mikeandrews89 thinks.. , null, null, Snow on her 3000th career point: "It honestly doesn't mean much when you lose. It sucks because you just would have preferred to win.", Snow on the Mystic's comeback: "Easy rebounds led to easy transition points.", Lacy: "We had open shots in the first half, but they weren't falling and it allowed [the Lynx] to get in transition.", Lacy: "For the most part in the second half, it felt like we executed our game plan.", Head coach Lacy: "It was a tough loss. We fought but we never quit. We just simply ran out of time.", Ajavon on stopping Moore and Auguststas: "We just played good defense. We communicated.", Ajavon on coming off the bench: "I'm comfortable as long as it helps the team win.", The Lynx take the game on a last second shot by Lindsay Whalen. This one hurt but GREAT GAME LADIES!!! #MysticsLynx, Mystics down 2 with 42.9 seconds to go. #MysticsLynx, The Verizon Center is rocking. Mystics tie the game at 68!! What a comeback., Great Quarter. The Mystics cut the lead down to 10. #MysticsLynx, Wizards get the 3rd pick! And as everyone predicted, the HORNETS will pick number 1 overall.., Matee Ajavon has come out firing in the 2nd half with 8 points in 2nd half and the Mystics cut the lead to 16. #MysticsLynx, Mystics down 51-31 at the half., The game is getting out of hand pretty fast...38-16, Lynx with 6:30 left in the 2nd. #MysticsLynx, The Lynx are pulling away behind  7 first quarter points from Maya Moore and Simone Augustus. Lynx lead 26-12 after one. #MysticsLynx, Matee Ajavon and Monique Currie both have two early fouls  with 2:45 left in the 1st quarter #MysticsLynx, Maya Moore and Simone Augustus are quite the duo but the Mystics are giving them everything they can handle. #MysticsLynx, Let's Go Mystics!!!, With the draft lottery tonight, who are your top 5 Wizards picks?

http://www.wizardsextreme.com/forums/showthread.php?p=99224#post99224, null, null, POLL: What pick will the Wizards get in the draft lottery?

http://www.wizardsextreme.com/forums/showthread.php?t=5024, Williams sinks a three pointer one second too late and the Mystics win 64-61 #MysticsShock, Shock can't get the rebound on a Mystics miss and Langhorne sinks one out of two. Shock have one last chance. 64-61 3 seconds left. #MysticsShock, Ashley Robinson picks up a costly offensive foul. 53 seconds left and the Mystics are clinging to a 2 pt lead. #MysticsShock, 30 turnovers so far for the Mystics leading to 25 points for the Shock. YIKES. #MysticsShock, Turnovers killing the Mystics. Lead down to one 58-57 with 4 min left. #MysticsShock, Lead is still shrinking. 5 min left in the game and the lead has dwindled to 6. 58-52 #MysticsShock, Shock go on a 12-4 run to bring lead down to 8. 7 min left in the game #MysticsShock, Ajavon with one of the cleanest strips I've ever seen and a basket on the other end. Mystics proving to be dominant in the opening moments of the 4th. #MysticsShock, Mystics outscore the Shock 16-9 in the third and go up by 13. 56-43 Mystics after three. #MysticsShock, Mystics have three players (Currie, Langhorne and Ajavon) in double figures. Continued production from these three should result in a win. #MysticsShock, Ashley Robinson showing up getting two offensive boards and then a bucket followed by forcing a Shock turnover and then another bucket. Mystics looking to pull away early in the third with a ten point lead. 48-38 #MysticsShock, Second half is underway at the Verizon Center and the Mystics are starting off well scoring two quick baskets. #MysticsShock, Mystics end the half up by 6. 40-34 #MysticsShock, Huge three-pointer from Mo Currie and the Mystics go up by 6 with 1 min left in the half. 40-34 #MysticsShock, Referees playing this one very tightly. Mystics need to start taking advantage of the free throws, though.  #MysticsShock, Even though it's only a two-point difference, the Shock are playing very good defense. Their traps are preventing the Mystics from running the floor. 26-28 Mystics down halfway through the 2nd. #MysticsShock, Ajavon having a very strong performance for the Mystics. She's keeping them in the game with 10 points. Game still tied at 23 in the second quarter. #MysticsShock, Michelle Snow showing some dominance in the post with a tricky basket . #MysticsShock, Mystics end the quarter on the 8th turnover of the game, but still stay tied with the Shock 16-16 after the first., Matee Ajavon with a huge three for the Mystics to tie it back up 12-12 with 2 min to go in the first, Very sloppy ball play so far for both teams. Mystics down 1 7-8 over halfway through the first. #MysticsShock, Ashley Robinson gets the first basket of the game and the Mystics have the early lead, Washington Mystics vs. Tulsa Shock @mikeandrews89 behind the Twitter and @mrtakeiteasy with the post-game recap!, null, null, null, null, Another year is in the books for the Wiz Kids and summertime could not have come quick enough. A strong six-game win streak to end the cluttered campaign of 2012 did very little to erase what had become a weary, trying season for the Wizards.

Over the next few days, Wizards Extreme will evaluate and grade each Wizards' players performance based on several different basketball factors. First up, your self-appointed captain: Andray Blatche., Congratulations to John Wall for being selected to join the 2012 USA Men's Select Team!, null, null, null, null, null, Our latest feature on CSNWashington.com -- @mikeandrews89 discusses Randy Wittman and his future with the Wizards, Who was the Wizards' MVP of 2012? Biggest disappointment? Should coach Wittman return?

Trevor, Abby, Saam, Charles and Joe G tackle these questions and more as Wizards Extreme wraps up the season with the latest version of "The Starting Five", null, null, null, null, It's a wrap on another year for the Wizards as the crowd gives them a standing O. Wizards win 104-70 against the heat. #WizHeat, and a MASSIVE James Singleton dunk gives the fans 50% off Papa Johns tomorrow. Then Mo Evans slams it in off a heat turnover. Fans begin to exit with 2 min left., The Heat just look dejected. Mo Evans is having a great night with 16 pts and 4 other players in double figures. 98-64 Wiz lead #WizHeat, Referees letting the guys play. Heat showing no passion and Wizards still controlling things after a Mo Evans three-ball. 90-61 Wizards w/ 7 min left, Juwon Howard picks up the technical foul after shoving James Singleton. Shocker. Wiz up 85-57 #WizHeat, The Heat bench is as bad as the Bobcats starting five. Wiz up 80-50 at the end of the third. #WizHeat, Haslem really not happy about Cartier Martin's foul, shouldn't they be focused on chipping away at a 33 point deficit? #WizHeat, The Heat playing very physical with their fouling, but alas, they're still down 74-43 shooting 34%. #WizHeat, Kevin Seraphin is showing the crowd some brand new unreal post moves that resemble Hakeem Olajuwon #WizHeat, Wizards open the second half with a three by Cartier and a huge dunk by John Wall. Heat down by 30! #WizHeat, The Heat better hope they don't need to rely on their bench in the playoffs, Wiz up 57-32 at the half. #WizHeat, Mo Evans with a huge dunk off a steal. Wizards having their way. 51-30 Wizards with 2 min left in the half #WizHeat, Wizards show video of RGIII on-stage at the draft. The crowd is as loud as they've been all season., Nene makes two more baskets in a row and forces Miami to call a time-out down 19, 45-26 Wizards! #WizHeat, Nene with a beautiful and-one on Joel Anthony but misses the free throw. #WizHeat, Nene beats the double team to find Almond for the nice post basket. Wiz up 39-22 7 min left in the 2nd. #WizHeat, Juwan Howard and Mo Evans getting pretty physical, but nonetheless, Wizards start the 2nd off on a 5-0 run. 33-18 #WizHeat, At the end of the first, the Wiz have a strong lead against the Heat (bench players) 28-18 after the first. #WizHeat, John Wall helps Wizards snap a 7-0 run by Miami with a strong and-1 layup down low; misses FT; Wiz lead 23-18 #WizHeat, Vesely with a HUGE block on Haslem, and then Seraphin sinks the 14' jumper, Wizards having their way with the Heat bench. #Heat/Wiz, Seraphin is guarding Curry about as good as possible and Singleton sinks his third bucket--Wiz trying to keep this streak alive #WizHeat, Wall with a great and-one on the foul by former Wizard Mike Miller! Wiz up 11-7 #WizHeats, We all remember our captains opening speech right? TBooker expresses his fan appreciation in the closing speech- and shouts out the Caps!, @mikeandrews89 behind the tweets tonight with @abdu11ah for tonights wiz/heat game. Let's make it 6 in a row! #WizHeat, null, null, null, null, The Wizards, much like every other NBA team, wish they can play the Bobcats every night. Final score here from Verizon Center

101-73 Wizards win, after cutting the lead to 18, The Wizards respond and push the lead back up to to 24.

89-65 with 8:28 left in the game, Wizards lead by 21 after 3 quarters of play! Wall and Vesely tied with for the team lead in points with 16.

83-62 Wizards, Wizards lead by as much as 30 points and currently lead by 22 with 2:44 left in the 3rd quarter!

79-57 Wizards, Wizards lead by 24 at the half...Shooting almost 63% from the field.

63-39 Wizards, Nene brings the crowd to life! Wizards lead by 21!

49-28, Wizards open up a 15 point lead on the Bobcats early in the 2nd quarter.

37-22 #wizards, Lost in all of this: The Wizards lead by 9 over the Bobcats 31-22., Tyrus Thomas receives a flagrant 2. Ejected from the game after hitting James Singleton with an elbow., Wizards trail early on 15-16 to the Bobcats. Jan Vesely and John Wall are playing very aggressively early on!, Wizards game coverage by @dj_saam and @mikeandrews89 on Twitter and on fb! Wizards look to win 4 in a row for the first time in 4 seasons!, Everyone tune in to CSN tonight for the big Wizards vs. Bobcats game.  WE're going streaking!!
http://www.wizardsextreme.com/forums/showthread.php?p=98971#post98971, null, Our latest post on CSNWashington.com: Could DC ever become a "basketball town"? Mike Andrews thinks so.., null, Chris Singleton wraps up the game with a huge steal and slam! Wiz FINALLY beat the Bucks 121-112 #50%OffPapaJohns, It looks to be all over but the free throws. Wiz up 117-110 with 17 sec to go! #WizBucks #WinningStreak, Crawford sinks a HUGE three at the end of a shot clock to counter Ellis's big buckets on the other end. 115-109 43 sec left. #WizBucks, Wall hits a huge layup to hold onto the six point lead. Wiz up 110-104 with 1:48 to go. Who's going to step up? #WizBucks, Singleton sinks another big bucket to put Wiz back up by 9 with 4 and a half min to go! #WizBucks, Bucks trying to make a comeback as Jennings heads to the line down by 6. #WizBucks, Dunleavy lucky he doesn't get T'd up after the amount of lip he gave to the ref on a foul. Wiz up 100-91 7 min left. #WizBucks, Nene starting to light up the scoreboard with 14 pts off 7/12 shooting. Big second half for him. Wiz up 12 99-87 #WizBucks, And Cartier "10-Day" Martin opens the fourth with a big three! #WizBucks, Wiz have a great third quarter and have the lead 88-81 after the third quarter. Shooting a great 56.1% #WizBucks, Monta Ellis is heating up. 23 pts and 10/16 #WizBucks, WE Spotlight update: Crawford (19 pts) and Ellis (16 pts) going at it, both shooting a high percentage, Wiz go on an 11-6 run to get a 7 point lead and force Bucks to take a timeout!, Seraphin with a nice jump shot to give the Wizards a three point lead. 65-62 Wizards lead! #WizBucks, Leading scorers at the half- Ellis (14pts) and Crawford (15 pts). Wiz down 60-62 #WizBucks, Wizards playing toe-to-toe with the Bucks, Wiz shooting 53%  and have the one point lead 56-55 with a minute to go in the half. #WizBucks, John Wall finally gets an and-one for his first bucket of the night. Wiz tie it up 50-50 with 3 min left in the half. #WizBucks, Bucks trying to make a run for it as Ilyasova leads all with 13. Wiz down 5, 41-46 5 min left in the half. #WizBucks, Nene with an and 1 to bring some energy into the Verizon Center! Wiz down 34-35 8:23 left in the half. #WizBucks, A very offensively driven first quarter has the Wiz down 28-31 at the end of the first #WizBucks, Nene checks in for the first time in a while #WizBucks, Wall goes up for a huge dunk but is stopped by Ilyasova on a hard foul. Wiz down 18-21 #WizBucks, Singleton with two big buckets and 5 quick points to start off the first quarter! 9-7 Wiz lead #WizBucks, @mikeandrews89 tweeting live from the game! We have tip-off at the Verizon Center versus the Bucks!, How did a bunch of young, inexperienced players walk out of the United Center victorious last night? Our latest post on CSNWashington.com, At one point early in the season, Kevin Seraphin was one of the least productive players on the Wizards. Today he is their leading big man. @DJ_Saam discusses Kevin's incredible progression., null, null, Free Morris Almond 
http://www.ridiculousupside.com/2012/4/16/2952198/mo-almond-washington-wizards, Wall: not a lot of energy tonight, Wittman on Wizards' lack of mental toughness: no excuse. Cleveland is in the same boat as us., Wittman: got off to rough start, missed a lot of easy shots, Wittman: no sense of urgency, Wizards score only 2 points in final 3 minutes. Cavs win 98-89. Wall finishes with 19, JC 18, Seraphin with 15. #WizCavs, Jan Vesely brings the house down on a put back dunk to end the qtr! J. Singleton scores 7 in the 3rd and the Wizards trail 73-71 #WizCavs, Timeout CLEVELAND. Wizards open up 3rd qtr with 5-0 run to cut deficit to 2. #WizCavs, Nice layup by Wall to cap off the 1st half, but Cavs remain hot from the floor shooting 66%; lead 50-43. Seraphin has 13, Wall 12, JC 9, Memories of an ex-Wizard: Lester Hudson opens the 2nd with 7 of Cleveland's 9 points., #WizCavs tied at 22 at the end of the first. Cavs shooting 66% from the field. JC leads Wiz with 7 pts, Wall has 6, Wizards seem to be reacting quicker on defense tonight despite Cavs shooting 64%. Wiz have scored 8 points off 6 Cleveland TO's in the 1st, Wall's stroke looking good early. Two consecutive 17 foot jumpers. Wizards trail by 4 midway thru first. #WizCavs, @ShaunAhmad discusses what to expect from the Wiz Kids tonight against the Knicks in our latest post on  CSNWashington.com, Wizards AT Knicks tonight at 7:30 PM.  Game thread is up, including the lovely Knicks Dancers
http://www.wizardsextreme.com/forums/showthread.php?p=98854#post98854   , null, While one Singleton has seemed to take a step back, the other has stepped up. Our latest post on CSNWashington.com by @mikeandrews89, null, Standing O for the Wiz Kids!!! Wizards win 2nd straight, beating Magic 93-85. Seraphin finishes with 24&15; Crawford 21; Wall 15. #WizMagic, Crawford with a clutch three (his first) to give Wizards an 89-81 lead with 1:21 remaining in the game. LET'S GO!!!, No, Glen., Seraphin has earned a career high in points tonight with 22., Good one at the Phone Booth tonight. Magic lead Wizards 61-60 after 3. #WizMagic, How is the league's hottest duo faring tonight? Cartier Martin and James Singleton have 8 combined points on 4/10 shooting #WizMagic, Wizards start second half shooting 60% from the field behind 8 points from JC and lead Magic 53-50 midway thru 3rd #WizMagic, Seraphin brings crowd to life with huge jam. Magic not shooting well, but still manage to drain 7 three's - to Wizards' 0. Magic lead 39-34, Seraphin enjoying Clark Kent sitting on the Magic bench...giving Ryan Anderson the business in the low post #WizMagic, Wiz trail Magic 29-18 after first, shooting 40%; Wall and Seraphin lead team with 6 points. Magic 5/11 from 3pt., So at the burrito timeout, the #Wizards trail the #Magic 15-10 shooting 38% with a handful of missed layups, Glen Davis running like he needs oxygen already. #WizMagic, our latest feature on CSNWashington.com, by @MrTakeitEasy, null, null, null, null, null, @DJ_Saam gets aired out by Randy Wittman in the post-game presser! , Sights from #Wizards #Pacers feat. @John_Wall @Kevin_Seraphin @BigTiggerShow & #WizardsGirls from @csnwashington ~ @JoeGlo1, null, Shelvin Mack misses a lay-up...A some what seemingly perfect end to the type of night the Wiz Kids had on offense. Pacers win 109-96, It's going to be hard to stop any team when they shoot 62% from the field...The Wizards are finding out the hard way tonight, The award for the biggest "boo" at Verizon Center goes to the acknowledgment of Nickleback. Somewhere Andray Blatche is happy he's "conditioning"

Wizards trail by 12, 86-74 going in to the 4th quarter, I've never seen John Wall this uninterested to be playing a game, Indiana comes back and makes the final shot of the half.

52-51 Pacers lead at the half, Wizards take the lead! 51-50, Wizards are hangin' tough. Trail Indian by 1, 50-49 with 3:15 to go in the half

#wizpacers, Pacers are shooting 75% from the field...somehow, the Wizards only trail by 9, Bad news: Wizards Trail by 9, 37-28
Good News: Jordan Crawford is on pace for 64 points.

#wizpacers, John Wall gets a foul call...Bronx Cheers from the Verizon Center faithful, Jordan Crawford has come out firing! #wizpacers, let's go wiz kids! @dj_saam on the tweets and @mikeandrews89 on the recap!, null, Check out our latest feature on CSNWashington.com, null, null, Pablo checks in for @csnwashington w/ shots from #Wizards #Bucks feat. @John_Wall @kevin_seraphin @BrandonJennings , Bucks had an answer for everything the Wizards did... final here Bucks 112, Wizards 98...

#wizbucks, This game has gotten out of control for the Wizards. The Bucks have an answer for everything. 104-85 Bucks lead with 4:21 in the quarter, Wizards cut the lead to 7! 

85-78 Bucks lead, at the end of 3, The Refs-I mean, The Bucks lead the Wizards 83-69 #wizbucks, Saam here- I know The Wizards aren't a great team, BUT FOR GOODNESS SAKE, WILL SOMEONE CALL A FOUL ON THE BUCKS! This is out of control...John Wall is getting KILLED, Man, it seems like every time the Wizards make some kind of a run, the Bucks answer with a run of their own. #wizbucks, Wizards fight back and cut the Milwaukee lead to 7. After the first half, Bucks lead 55-47, Bucks have opened up a 14 point lead...Wizards are in comeback mode! 45-31 Bucks lead, Wizards close the quarter out very sloppy. Bucks finish the 1st on a 15-2 run and lead by 9 over the Wiz kids. 28-19 Bucks lead. #wizbucks, if it was possible to "posterize" someone on a lay-up, Drew Gooden just did it to Jan Vesely. #wizbucks, Crawford and Mack showing some great hustle early on. #wizbucks, Yea, you can't leave Ellis open like that... #wiz, Jan Vesely starts the game off with an Alley-oop courtesy of John Wall! #wizbucks, Wiz vs Bucks tonight at the Phone Booth! Game coverage by @dj_saam and @tyavari @wizardsextreme, null, null, Be sure to subscribe to our YouTube channel for all post-game interviews!, null, null, Martin on Wall not liking his new hair-do: gotta try something new, Martin: lot of things remain the same from last year; not too hard adjusting, Cartier Martin: guys trusted in me, Nene: Seraphin improving more and more every game., Nene: second unit performance is reason we won, Nene: feeling sore, taking it day by day, Wall: did a great job getting ball to the right players at right time, Wall: defense locked up down the stretch, Wall: second group helped us solidify lead, Wittman: pick and roll defense has improved. Players aren't scrambling as much., Wittman: no update on Nene and Booker injuries, Wittman: Cartier was huge tonight, Wittman: Sixers embarrassed us last 3 times we played them. That was on our guys' mind., Wittman: nice to finally break thru. Played the right way down stretches., The Wizards don't give up this lead in the 4th! Wizards win to snap a 5 game losing streak! 97-76, Could Cartier Martin be the WE player of the game? Find out in our post game recap. He's got 18 points and 6 boards with 2 minutes left in the game. #WizSixers, Pulled left fascias are in style for the Wizards as now Nene is out with one for the rest of the game. #WizSixers, Vesely quietly having an impact on this game. Playing for 24 minutes, he's got 6 points and 8 rebounds. #WizSixers, Nene in visible pain as he can't make it to the other side of the court on the fast break after his 8th board of the night. He heads to the locker room #WizSixers, Cartier Martin continues his hot night. He's got 15 points and 5 boards. #WizSixers, Wizards Extreme Facebook page converted to Timeline. #DAGGER!, At the end of the third, the Wizards have a 17 point lead, 79-62. Nene leads all players with 16 points. #WizSixers, Cartier Martin picks up where he left off in the first half with a wide open three. #WizSixers, Wizards keep playing strong and are holding on to a 19 point lead over the Sixers with 3 min to go in the 3rd. #WizSixers, Nene is RED hotand now is up to 16 points, with 10 points this quarter alone! #WizSixers, Nene kicks off the second half with a 17 foot jump shot! #WizSixers, Seraphin leads all players in scoring with 10 points and 4 boards #WizSixers, Very productive first half for the Wizards. They head into the locker room with a 19 point lead. 55-36 Wizards. #WizSixers, GREAT offensive sequence leads to a HUGE slam by Vesely fed by Wall! Wiz still shooting over 50%! 50-31 Wiz lead. #WizSixers, Cartier Martin sinks the three to bring the Wizards lead back up to 15! 42-25 Wizards with 5 min to go in the half. #WizSixers, Roger Mason Jr for two straight threes to give the Wiz the lead 35-19 with 8 minutes left in the half! #WizSixers, Mack with two great assists leading to dunks from Seraphin and Vesely #WizSixers, Wizards shooting 50% and have the lead, 23-15 over the Sixers at the end of the first! #Wizards, Nene off to a quick start, already has 6 pts and 4 rebs. 14-13 Wizards lead with 3:30 to play in the 1st., Booker headed to the locker room limping, Crawford to Wall for the emphatic ALLEY-OOP!, Tip-off here at the Verizon Center and the Wizards finally get their first basket two minutes into the game., null, null, null, Wizards moved West?
http://store.nba.com/product/index.jsp?productId=12110706&cp=1421569.2098649, Our latest feature on CSNWashington.com, courtesy of @MrTakeitEasy, Updated with post-game interviews featuring coach Wittman, Brian Cook and Nene!, null, null, wow...wizards lose a heartbreaker at the buzzer. 79-77 pistons, well, once again, it comes down to the final possession for the Wizards here at home., NENE!!!, ALL THE FANS GET A FREE CHIK FIL A SANDWICH, Wizards trying to avoid blowing a double digit lead for the 3rd time in 4 games...they lead by 2, 73-71 with 1:46 left, In other news, Brandon Knight does his best Bruce Lee impression and decides to drop kick the Gatorade cooler behind the pistons bench., Wizards clinging to a 5 point lead here in the 4th.  68-63 with 6 minutes left, after 3 quarter, The Wiz kids lead by 9 after 3 quarters of play! 62-53 headed to the 4th, The Wizards are typically allergic to the 3rd quarter, but it looks like they took their Benadryl. 21 points in 8 minutes after scoring only 35 in the entire 1st half!, To quote Mike Andrews: "Kiss cam had a marriage proposal and she said yes. At least someone in this arena is scoring tonight....", in other news...Everyone seems to be excited to be on the Kiss cam tonight, Well to say that was an entertaining first half would be an extreme overstatement Wizards lead 35-30 at the half. I would write the stat line, but I wouldn't want to hurt your eyes., John Wall with a strong finish AND 1...Wizards lead 31-25 with 3:37 left to go in the half! #wizpistons, Wizards need John Wall to get going, Shelvin Mack With a double dribble. What a fitting end to a horrible first quarter for both teams. Both teams combine to shoot 12/40 from the field. Pistons lead 16-14 after 1., with 2:59 left in the first quarter, the Pistons hold a one point lead on the Wiz kids. 13-12 #wizpistons, just a few minutes in and both teams struggling from the field. A combined 4/18 from the field. #wizpistons, in un related Wizards news, JaVale gets the start. George Karl on the JaVale's first start as a Nugget: "Gotta Experiment...", 3rd game in 3 nights and 5th in 6 nights...Let's see what the Wiz Kids have in the tank! follow @dj_saam for the live in game tweets!, null, null, null, Pictures from last night's #Wizards loss courtesy @JoeGlo1 & @csnwashington featuring @John_Wall @35_Fitz @jcraw55 and #Nene, Nene: we have a lot of young players; they're continuing to learn, Nene: proud of my team, we played hard, Wall: credit Atlanta defense. Forced us to take tough shots, Wall: did a bad job executing down the stretch, Mason: had 2 winnable games, didn't get the job done., We're competing well against playoff caliber teams., Wittman: Atlanta played the ball well on last possession. We had a few options and couldn't convert, Wittman: we missed shots and failed to get the ball inside, Wittman: their all stars hit big shots down the stetch, Wittman: that was a tough one to swallow, Ubiles is working hard for that third 10 day contract.., Wizards manage to maintain double digit lead at end of 3rd. JC leads all scorers w 20; Nene 18 & 10; 78-68 Wizards lead. #WizHawks, great transition defense by Wall forcing that missed layup by Teague., Hinrich sporting the same goggles I used to wear in Tech Ed class., Wizards empty bench to start the 2nd qtr and on an 8-0 run. Ubiles making most of 10 day contract. Wiz lead 31-23. #WizHawks, UBILES!!!!, JCraw feeling it tonight! 11pts on 5/6 shooting incl bucket at buzzer; Wall quiet with 0pts/0ast; Wizards/Hawks tied at 23. #WizHawks, Nene showing plenty of hustle & muscle early on. 6 points off two and-1's and 4 rebounds. Wizards lead Hawks early 8-4. #WizHawks, Wittman pregame presser: need to solidify ourselves defensively early against Joe Johnson and Josh Smith, null, null, Booker complaining about an unknown pain in his foot, says its been painful for past 2 months and feels like a "nail in his foot". No diagnosis thus far., Nene: we need a tough mind for the upcoming back to back to back, Nene: Hibbert very effective in the low post., Nene: young guys showed a lot of potential, Nene: I hope we learn from this loss., Nene: this kind of loss leaves a mark., Wall: last play designed for JC, broke down, tried to make something happen., Wall: Hibbert made it tough for us to get it to Nene down low, Wall: Indiana just pounded away at us in second half, chipped away at lead, Wall: I was just a second late., Terribly brief presser by coach Wittman; clearly frustrated, Wittman: got away from execution, Wittman: struggled offensively after 1st qtr, Wizards blow a 20 point lead and lose by 2. Final here at Verizon Center 85-83 Pacers, Wizards inability to get a rebound haunts them...it comes down to one final possession. Wizards trail by 2, 85-83 with 9.5 seconds left. They have the ball. Stay tuned #wizpacers, and the Pacers lead.... 84-83, As odd as this sounds, every time the Wizards have needed a big shot, Chris Singleton has been the one to answer the bell. Wizards lead 79-73 with 3:47 left, Pacers cut the lead to 1, but then Singleton answers back with a 3 and a steal. John Wall adds with a fast break slam dunk! Wizards up 5, 76-70 #wizpacers, #wizards fans can hear @mrtakeiteasy screaming at the top of his lungs! #truefan, after shooting almost 65% from the field in the 1st quarter, the Wizards now shooting 44% for the game. #wizpacers, and just like that...The Pacers cut the lead to 4 68-64 Wizards with 9:06 left #wizpacers, After scoring 34 points in the 1st quarter, the Wizards have combined to score 32 since then. Somehow, the Wizards still lead. 66-57 Wizards over the Pacers after 3 quarters. #wizpacers, The ghost of 3rd quarters past coming back to haunt the Wizards. Pacers cut the lead to 10. 55-45 Wizards lead #wizpacers, Booker brings the crowd to life with a ferocious dunk! #wizpacers, After the first half, the Wizards are in complete control! 51-31 Wizards over the Pacers! Crawford leads all scorers with 18 #wizpacers, 2:49 left in the half and the Wizards up 20! 44-24  #wizpacers, Wizards second unit is struggling...only 4 points since the start of the 2nd quarter and no flow on offense. #wizpacers, Wizards nearly double up on the Pacers after 1 quarter and shoot 63% from the field. Wiz Kids 34 Pacers 18. #wizpacers, Wizards hustling like I've never seen before...Jordan Crawford is on fire...14 points in the first quarter. #wizpacers, Nene gets a rest and gets a great applause from the Verizon Center faithful! #wizpacers, Wiz kids have yet to miss a shot from the field! #wizpacers, when was the last time you saw the Wizards start the game 4/4 from the field? #wizpacers, Check out our featured post on CSNWashington.com as @mikeandrews89 points out the overlooked production of @MoneyMase, The Wizards were cookin' last night in Nene's debut. Check out our quick recap, courtesy of @MrTakeitEasy., With the latest shelving of Andray Blatche, all signs point to the end of an era in DC. @DJ_Saam explains.., null, null, The road woes continue and the Wizards have a GLARING need to ensure fourth quarter success.  Read to find out.  , null, Missed the #Wizards loss to the #Hawks - It wasn't pretty but here's what we took away from it , null, null, null, Let's just hope Nene isn't on Expedia right now booking a one way ticket back to Rio. #Wizards, And in the end, the Wizards make their move, shipping McGee to Denver and Young to the Clips in return for Nene, Brian Cook and first and second round pick. Potential long term health issues surrounding Nene may very well be the underlying reason why the Nugs would oust an all star fan favorite center for a guy who highlights every NBA blooper reel. Happy for Nick Young returning back home!, null, We know its old news but pictures are pictures. Here are @JoeGlo1 's shots from #NBA #allstarwknd http://www.facebook.com/media/set/?set=a.10100396910919287.2485205.15609977&type=1 #Wizards, null, null, How would you feel about John Calipari to the #Wizards "if" #UK wins the title? http://www.washingtonpost.com/blogs/dc-sports-bog/post/david-aldridge-predicts-kentucky-wins-national-championship-wizards-hire-john-calipari/2012/03/13/gIQA9Bzq9R_blog.html , @MrTakeitEasy wonders: To trade Javale, or not.., null, Miss last night's #Wizards game? Here's everything you need to know courtesy @tjackson85 http://www.wizardsextreme.com/2012-articles/march/we-recap-wizards-vs-blazers.html , null, Bill Simmons says Booker and McGee were "tough omissions" from his 2012 Top 50 Most Valuable Assets. Thoughts?, null, null, Check out the recap for last night's thrilling victory over the Lakers, courtesy of @JoeGlo1, Wittman: Shelvin gave 2nd unit a great boost in 3rd qtr, Wittman: Seraphin under control, banged Bynum, played his best game., Wittman: always play hard; never know what can happen during an NBA game, Wittman: we played hard even down 21, #Wizards pull off amazing upset over the #Lakers 106-103. Trevor Booker and Kevin Seraphin balled their asses off tonight! #WizLakers, I always find it amazing how these Pro-Other team crowds turn into #Wizards fans when Washington manages to keep it close. Everyone loves #underdogs, #Wizards end 3rd quarter strong and cut #Lakers lead to 2 points 83 to 81. #DC does it w. lineup of Mack, Mason, Seraphin, Booker & Swaggy P, @MoneyMase leads all #Wizards in plus/minus with +3 in only 44 seconds of play #look2positives - #Lakers 76 #Washington 55, John Wall having a bit of a struggle with #Lakers after 2 quarters, 0pts, 1reb, 5ast - Los Lakers 64 - Los #Wizards 49, Good news: we're going to see a lot of plays from #WizLakers game on Sportscenter tonight - Bad news: All #Lakers highlights, #Wizards fun fact - Ronny Turiaf was drafted 37th by the #Lakers in 2005 and went on to play 3 years with them averaging 4.6pts, 3reb, 1blk per game, #Wizards fun fact - @JaValeMcGee34 is only 4 blocks short of 100 on the season. Trails Serge Ibaka by 25 #wizlakers, Kobe Bryant is doing Kobe like things to the #Wizards 14 pts - 2 reb - 1 ast in 12 min End of 1st qtr #Wizards 21 #Lakers 29 #wizlakers, I wonder if the #Lakers fans in attendance got the memo to boo Andray Blatche when he checks in #wizlakers, First round of #MVP chants for Kobe Bryant comes at the 8:25 mark of the 1st quarter #WizLakers, How do you feel about Dray's post-game comments about being boo'd by fans? @DJ_Saam wasn't too thrilled...read his rant here!, TONIGHT - Wizards vs. Lakers.  McGee vs Bynum, Kobe vs Jordan! (Crawford ugh).  Check out the game thread:
http://www.wizardsextreme.com/forums/showthread.php?p=98102#post98102, null, null, 41 1st qtr pts allowed; Blatche in the lineup; JCraw 2/13 shooting; 16 missed FT's; 15 turnovers; 10,000 fans booing. #Wizards lose 120-100, MAN i'm starting to feel bad for Andray Blatche.  He gets boo'd for EVERYTHING.  I haven't heard this much boo'ing since LeBron stepped into this building since the Wizards were in the playoffs!, Third quarter ends with a botched layup by Dray and a Stephen Curry 3-pointer right before buzzer. #Warriors lead #Wizards 89-71, Wizards as a team have 10 steals this game. They just can't stop the Warriors offensively #WizWarriors, Curry with a NICE reverse layup on John Wall.  John really wanted to block that and Curry knew exactly what to do.  The Warriors simply can't be stopped, Wizards trim the deficit to 14 at the half. #Warriors shoot 61% from the floor including 8 3-pointers. 65-51 GSW lead., Jan Vesely lookin slick with that Lloyd from Dumb & Dumber haircut., It's like whatever the Wizards do, the Warriors just won't miss.  This is going to be a LOOOOOONG game for the Wiz Kids., Warriors are up 41 to 24 over the Wiz Kids after the 1st.  Yup....that's 41 points in ONE QUARTER.  #WizWarriors, Interesting match up for the 6`7 Singleton as he is guarding Monta Ellis who stands 6`3.  So far Ellis is getting the best of him.  #WizWarriors, McGee playing moderately well early on. 6 pts 2 reb including a follow up dunk & alleyoop from Wall. #Wizards trail #Warriors 16-12 in 1st, Funny, yet sad
http://www.wizardsextreme.com/forums/showthread.php?p=98022#post98022, null, null, null, #WIZARDS WIN!!! Anthony Parker misses last second 3-point shot for #Cavs. Crawford finishes with 31, Wall with 24. Final score: 101-98, Wall makes 1 of 2 from the line. #Cavs have possession and trail #Wizards 101-98 with 5.8 seconds left., FANS ON THEIR FEET!!!! LET'S CLOSE THIS OUT #WIZARDS.......please?, Well, that hook shot just gave the #Wizards their biggest lead midway thru the 4th. Wiz lead #Cavs 89-82, JaVale's hook shot :\, U may blame Kyrie Irvings illness for the fact that John Wall is having a superbly better game than him.

I blame John Wall.

#Wizards #Cavs, John Wall FIRES this crowd up with an electrifying drive to the basket, scoring as the buzzer ends the 3rd quarter..#Wizards #Cavs knotted at 78 going into the fourth.., Despite everything, the #Wizards only trail by 3 late in the third. Thanks mostly to Vesely and a few #Cavs turnovers.., If there isn't a strong trade rumor floating around tomorrow after that sequence of offense involving McGee & Blatche..., Now I know Wittman likes to mix and match his guys but I'm willing to  guarantee JaVale leading a fast break isn't part of his strategy. #Wizards #Cavs, #Wizards open 2nd half with Crawford 3 and buckets by Booker and McGee. Wizards #Cavs locked at 59 early in the 3rd, #Wizards close out half with sweet dish from Wall to Vesely. Trail #Cavs at  55-48. Guards (JC, Wall, Mason) combine for 34 of Wiz 48 points., The dunking ninja!! #Wizards #Cavs, Roger Mason looking sharp off the bench for #Wizards. 9 points including an and-1 three. #Wizards trail #Cavs by 3 in the 2nd, #Wizards trail #Cavs 33-24 at the end of 1. Jamison making fans miss him leading all scorers with 15.., Never discount the power of a burrito at #Wizards games. Sounds like a #Wizards #Cavs game in 2008., Mix of boo's and cheers for Blatche as he enters the game for the first time #Wizards #Cavs, Crawford showing his solid passing skills with a sweet dish to McGee for the slam.., Real Cavs fans in the building sporting their homemade anti-Lebron jerseys with the "23" and "James" x'd out. Pretty funny., Kyrie Irving is a go for the #Cavs after being questionable with the flu, Check out our latest "The Starting 5" segment addressing coach Wittman's decision to bench McGee and Young and its possible impact on other players as well as the return of Andray Blatche. 

This week's segment features responses from @DJ_Saam, @AsadNaqviDMV, @Abdu11ah, @tjackson85 and @MrTakeitEasy, What are you listening to right now?

http://www.wizardsextreme.com/forums/showthread.php?p=97959#post97959, null, null, Wizards fall to 7-28 on the season as their come back attempt falls short. John Wall lead all scorers with 33 points but at the end of the day, too many 3 pointers by Orlando. 15/36 from behind the Arc for the Magic.

Magic win 102-95, Magic are trying pull away...Nick Young heads to the locker room with what appears to be a Knee Injury, we got a little scrum between Booker and Richardson. Double technicals assessed....Play on boys! Wizards trail 92-87 with 3:50 left in the game!, it seems like every time the Wizards tie or take the lead, JJ Redick and Ryan Anderson answer with consecutive 3's, Wizards tie the game on a Mo Evans' 3 pointer...John Wall is starting to take over!

Wizards and Magic all tied up at 83 with 6:43 left in the 4th, WOW...what a move by John Wall!, Magic start the quarter on a 8-0 run. 79-70 Magic Lead, JJ Redick is heating up! After 3 quarter, the Wizards trail the Magic 71-70. We got a good one here at the Phone Booth, For a team that's struggled so mightily in the 3rd quarter, the Wizards have turned the tables! This quarter has been one of the team's best 3rd quarters all season. Wiz Kids lead 65-63 with 2:30 left in the 3rd quarter., I think Jordan Crawford had his 5 hour energy during the half!, Wiz kids showing some heart!, no need to adjust your tv sets...the Wizards are indeed leading 47-46 early in the 3rd quarter!, 2:53 left here in the 1st half and the Wiz kids are playing some inspired basketball. Wizards trail 40-34 and are pushing to tie the game up before the half! Let's go Wizards!, Wiz Kids playing much better...you think they can tie it up by halftime?, What a move by John Wall! AND 1! Wizards cut the lead to 9! 37-28, 8:50 left in the 1st half and the Wizards trail Orlando by 11.

34-23 Magic lead. McGee leads all Wizards players with 7 points., Wizards finish out the quarter strong on a 10-2 run. After 1 the Wizards  trail the Magic 27-18., It's raining 3's here at the Phone Booth and the Wizards didn't bring their umbrellas, right on cue...McGee set to check in. The Wizards can't establish any low post presence early on, how long before you think we see Young or McGee in the game?, Orlando might have the most underrated starting 5 in the east., McGee/Young will begin tonights game same way they left off vs Bucks: on bench. #Wizards starting 5: Wall/Crawford/Singleton/Booker/Seraphin, Based on Wittman's comments...are we going to see a lot of Booker vs. Howard tonight?? Game thread:

http://www.wizardsextreme.com/forums/showthread.php?p=97923#post97923, null, If u were Wiz GM, what moves would you make now/trade deadline/offseason. Share your thoughts:

http://www.wizardsextreme.com/forums/showthread.php?p=97910#post97910, null, Fresh off the AllStar break, Wizards AT Bucks tonight.  And the return of $ Enemy Dancers.  Check out the thread:

http://www.wizardsextreme.com/forums/showthread.php?p=97865#post97865, null, Check out @AsadNaqviDMV take on the All Star weekend as he interviews Pooch from The Game, @JoeGlo1 interviews a future star and @cmillsCSN is awesome 

, After faring well and having a great time at the All-Star game festivities, it's back to square one for John Wall as he returns to the Wizards. @MrTakeitEasy explains.., Not impressed with last night's dunk contest? Neither were WE. In fact, @mikeandrews89 hated it.., Happy All-Star break Wizards fans! You've earned it., null, @DJ_Saam caught up with #Wizards TV analyst Phil Chenier to discuss the Wizards loss to Sacramento, null, null, It's not about how you start, but rather how you finish. The Wizards let another get away from them. They fall to Sacramento 115-107 here at Verizon, Crawford's having a breakout game. The Wizards are gonna need more if they want a win here tonight! Wiz kids trail by 3, 104-101 with 4:24 left., The Wizards inability to make their free throws are killing them right now. Kings lead by 3, 98-95 with 7:05 left in the game, Kings take the lead 96-94., We got a good one here at Verizon Center! Can the Wizards pull away from the Kings? stay tuned!

After 3, Wiz kids lead 89-88, Jan Vesely checks in for the first time all game with 1:20 left. Wizards lead 89-86, Wiz kids respond by going on mini 6-2 run. with 2:54 left in the 3rd The Wizards lead Sacramento 84-80, just like that...we're tied up. the 3rd quarter haunts this team yet again, John Wall...be careful, the court can be a bit slippery! ;), McGee...WHY!?, so far this is exactly what @dj_saam predicted...fast paced and high scoring!

Wizards lead by 8.

68-60 #wizards at the half, Hey Demarcus...playing a LITTLE bit of defense isn't a bad idea!

#gowiz, Do I dare say Jordan Crawford is on fire? shooting 70% from the field and perfect from the line! leads the Wizards with 19 points off the bench, Wizards have 3 guys in double figures! Young with 10, Wall with 12, and Crawford off the bench with 16., with 7:04 left in the 2nd quarter the Wiz Kids lead by 9 over Sacramento!

47-38 #wizards, Ye, I'm about to say this: "The Wizards are on fire.", What a move by Crawford! Didn't know you had that in ya!, Jimmer Fredette checks in...gets a pretty decent response from the crowd here at Verizon, John Wall continues to shoot the ball extremely well! this is shaping up to be a high scoring game! Go Wiz!, The Tyreke Evans and John Wall show has begun, For what seems like the first time all season, the fans here at Verizon are heavily in favor of the home team! #homecourtadvantage, This game should be fun to watch! DJ SAAM predicts a very high scoring game here at verizon!, @DJ_Saam previews tonight's Kings/Wizards matchup., null, Kings in DC tonight.  Will McGee get any revenge on Cousins from the Goodman vs. Drew League game? Game thread is up:
http://www.wizardsextreme.com/forums/showthread.php?p=97771#post97771, null, null, via @Victim2FastFood, who else did basement dunking when they were younger??

http://www.wizardsextreme.com/forums/showthread.php?p=97705#post97705, Nash vs Wall - Gortat vs Mcgee, and Phoenix ENEMY DANCERS!  Join the game thread:

http://www.wizardsextreme.com/forums/showthread.php?p=97695#post97695, null, null, null, null, Wizards are in Utah tonight to take on the Jazz.  Game thread is up and running. 

http://www.wizardsextreme.com/forums/showthread.php?p=97668&posted=1#post97668, As the trade deadline looms, the rumors are all over the place. Here's the latest rumor, courtesy of Bleacher Report:

"a Portland radio report—relayed by a Phoenix sports-talk radio guy—had the Lakers sending the aforementioned Fisher and Artest to the Washington Wizards, the Wiz unloading Andray Blatche and JaVale McGee on the Suns and the Suns whisking Nash to Hollywood. I suppose Phoenix also would land one of those L.A. draft picks."

What are your thoughts?, null, Who's staying up for the game tonight?  Tip off in 15 minutes.  Get in the game thread!

http://www.wizardsextreme.com/forums/showthread.php?p=97591#post97591, THE STARTING 5

Every week Wizards Extreme will feature 5 burning questions and their answers pertaining directly to the Washington Wizards and the current state they are in. This week's segment addresses Randy Wittman and how the Wizards have performed under his new regime; John Wall's recent improvements; the NBA trade deadline: how the Wizards should approach it and what it could mean for Andray Blatche., null, Rematch tonight vs. Lob City.  Check out the game thread:  Will JaVale McGee rebound vs. DeAndre Jordan??

http://www.wizardsextreme.com/forums/showthread.php?p=97548#post97548, null, Looks like #JVG has got some #Wizards fans riled up with his recent wise cracks regarding the team's performance.. including our very own  @mikeandrews89, Happy #Valentine's Day #Wizards fans!, JaVale has turned it up a notch since going cold earlier this month, much to the appreciation of @MrTakeitEasy , @Abdu11ah explains why the #Wizards late run to close out the game against the #Pistons last night was special, Detroit Enemy Dancers.  Wiz vs. Pistons at 6:00 PM

http://www.wizardsextreme.com/forums/showthread.php?p=97439#post97439, Another big summer is looming for the free agent market. @mikeandrews89 discusses the possibilities for the #Wizards., The #Wizards needed to play an almost perfect game to stay in contention against the #Heat last night. @Abdu11ah explains.., Wizards have to lead the league in shittiest block outs. Other teams get 22 foot running starts at the basket #stickyourassout, Jordan Crawford 6pts on 2/10 shooting, 2/6 from FREE THROW line, 1 reb & 3 assists. -11 +/- to lead all #Wizards in #notdoingwell, The #Wizards, league leading in blocks per game, have ZERO thus far., While it's always fun to watch @KingJames struggle you can't help but think a 4th quarter domination is being marinated, Somehow at the half the #Wizards only trail by 10. #Heat lead 52-42, Funny how a lot of these #Heat @KingJames jerseys Verizon Center were #Cavs jerseys just 3 years ago. #bandwagon defined., #Wizards trail #Heat by only 4 after 1st. #Lebron leads Heat with 6; Booker has 6 for DC, #Wizards trailing by 5 midway through first after a fast start. #Heat lead 16-11., Lebron's starting lineup introduction: cheers > boos, Lot of #6's sighted early, @mikeandrews89 talks about John Wall's recent progression., Return of the Crybaby!  Wiz vs. Heat game thread up:

http://www.wizardsextreme.com/forums/showthread.php?p=97379#post97379, @TJackson85 discusses the current state of JaVale McGee and what his future holds with the #Wizards., Let's hope somebody on the Wizards tonight can wow Lebron enough to tweet about it. We could use the exposure., @AsadNaqviDMV has his take on the Lin/Wall matchup. Also post-game quotes from both locker rooms. #WizardsKnicks, The absence of Melo & Amare was a nonfactor for the #Knicks last night against the #Wizards. @DJ_Saam breaks down the loss.., Check out the photos from last night' Wizards/Knicks game at the Verizon Center. Courtesy of @Jerfrederick, Let's go GIANTS and Let's go KNICKS is being yelled ALL over the stadium.  This is truly sad.  #Disrespect, The New York Knicks are playing REAL basketball.  Everyone touches the ball and nobody is just shooting to shoot., The Wizards are bad at the PICK and ROLL and i mean REALLY BAD.  I thought they could improve but it all starts with communication.  Maybe the Knicks fans have made it hard on them?, End of the 3rd quarter, the #Wizards are down 68-77 to the #Knicks.  John Wall has 25 pts 4 ast while Jeremy Lin has 20 pts and 8 ast, I THINK i just saw Tyson Chandler dunk it and just disrespect Andray Blatche's mother and his brother (IM NOT EVEN KIDIDNG) #Wizards, Jeremy Lin basically with one thunderous throw down has taken the crowd away from the Wizards.  It seems like everyone is cheering with Lin and the Knicks., JOHN WALL JUST DUNKED ON JEREMY LIN! EAT THAT! #WIZARDS #ALLCAPS #YELLING #EXCITED, Half time #Wizards down 52-46 to the #Knicks.  Wall has 14 points 3 assist and Jeremy Lin of the Knicks has 8 points and 8 assist., Jeremy Lin has 6 points and 8 assist and John Wall has 10 points and 3 assist so far with 2:42 left in the first half #WizardsKnicks, John Wall and Jeremy Lin are going at it now folks! #Wizards, It sounds like there are more Knicks fans than the Wizards fans (SURPRISING HUH!?), #Wizards up 23-17 over the Knicks. Surprising eh?  Well no Carmelo/Amare/Jeremy LinI (cause of 2 early fouls), Mo Evans enters the game and he just hit a jumper.  Weird to hear that name ring at the Verizon Center  #LackofPlayingTime, #wizards defense early making Tyson Chandler looking like Patrick Ewing, It definitely looks like 8,000 people got the memo that Amare and Carmelo aren't playing..., DJ SAAM and Asad are covering the game tonight for WE! Follow them on twitter and follow Wizards Extreme while you're at it!

@dj_saam 
@asadnaqvidmv
@wizardsextreme, "LIKE" @WizardsExtreme on Facebook!

http://www.facebook.com/WizardsExtreme, Booker & Singleton start 2nite.  According to @MrMichaelLee, the only 2 Wizards to win more than 25% of their starts.  
http://www.wizardsextreme.com/forums/showthread.php?p=97268#post97268, Charles Lamar aka @MrTakeitEasy provides some trade suggestions for the #Wizards as the deadline approaches.., The Jeremy Lin Show Comes to DC -- by @AsadNaqviDMV, Wizards vs. Knicks in DC tonight.  Here is tonight's game thread:

http://www.wizardsextreme.com/forums/showthread.php?p=97249#post97249, The #Wizards need some closure from losing, and to make that happen they need to start..(cue played out Charlie Sheen hashtag)...#WINNING. The latest from @mikeandrews89.., Wizards Must Find a Way to Capitalize on Victories. Courtesy of @Abdu11ah, The #Wizards overcame a late run and held on to beat the #Raptors last night in OT. @DJ_Saam recaps the game!, Wizards show a lot of heart...they pull of the win in OT

111-108 Go Wizards!, #Wizards lead by 3 109-106 with 27.2 seconds left in OT. Trevor Booker continues his excellent defensive play, Block of the year goes to Trevor Booker, These two teams are no strangers to thrillers..., it comes down to this!

one possession left in a tie game with 10.2 seconds on the clock...can the wizards pull off the win or are we headed for overtime?

go wiz!, John Wall to the rescue! AND 1, tie game...

#collapse, Well, it looks like we have a game here at the phone booth. #raptors cut the #wizard lead to 3, 96-93. Randy Wittman calls a timeout and gives Nick Young an "R" rated pep-talk, #Raptors trying to make a push...

They've cut the #wizard lead to 9 with just under 6 minutes left.

93-84 Wiz Kids, Referees are not on the #wizards side here in the 4th quarter. Fans extremely frustrated.

Wizards lead 86-76 with 9:30 left, Wizards push on and lead by 10 after 3 quarters of play.

82-72 #wizards, Nick Young starting to get hot again! Leads all players with 22 points.

Wizards lead 73-57 with 4:46 left in the quarter, Wow, John Wall is actually getting the calls tonight!

#wizards, JaVale McGee running back on defense! Only problem was we got the offensive rebound...pretty funny, No, you do not need to adjust your television set.

The Wizards lead by 15 after the first half!

57-42 #wizards

Let's see if they can carry the momentum forward in to the 2nd half, Early on it seems like Trevor Booker is the best player early on. Rebounding, scoring and playing defense.

Wizards lead 46-32 with 4 minutes left in the half!, Wizards lead 38-23 early in the 2nd.

There's also been a Mo Evans sighting!, Wizards Guards are dominating the game early on. Wall, Young and Crawford combine for 23 of the team's 29 points.

After the first quarter, the Wizards lead the Raptors 29-19, Jan Vesely in foul trouble again after being in the game for 2 minutes...Gotta work on the inside positioning, Trevor Booker just posterized Aaron Gray.

#ohmy, There's been a Nick Young sighting early on!

#Wizards lead 6-2 early on, I think there were more people at @dj_saam 's HS graduation than at tonight's game. GO WIZ!, Game thread and preview brought to you by @BBallWiz330 and @tjackson85.  

DC vs. Canada

http://www.wizardsextreme.com/forums/showthread.php?p=97165#post97165, The Wizards have won only 4 games this season. 25% of those wins have come against tonight's opponent, the Toronto Raptors. @DJ_Saam explains what to look forward to.., Rematch vs. Canada -

http://www.wizardsextreme.com/forums/showthread.php?p=97147#post97147, After this game, if you try and use promo code WIZ50 at Papa Johns, you get buy 1 pay twice pizzas, This picture right here sums up the night.  Blake Griffin dunking on Nick Young.  Actually sums up the season  http://yfrog.com/z/2o6vjdp  Courtesy of @Jose3030 , #Wizards playing All Star game defense.  Just turrible....., DeAndre Jordan dunked on JaVale McGee and stared RIGHT at Pamela McGee (JaVale's mother) WOW....Talk about disrespect! #WizClippers, Wizards on that last possession, Clippers only had 3 people on offense and Wizards had all 5 players on D, and Clips still scored, SMH., Come out of a timeout and you get a shot clock violation??, Wall laying down on that drive just about sums up tonigh'ts game, Caron just hit a buzzer beater three and stared down Rashard Lewis while Lewis walked away.  Unfortunately, this is the Wizards game tonight, JaVale showing a little angst from losing the dunk contest on that block attempt on Blake Griffin, Starting to get ugly.  43-24 in favor of the Clips. Can the Wiz go on a little run before the half??, Griffin just Hesiman/Stiff arm dunked with Chris Singleton trailing, 3:30 to guy in the 1st, Nick Young is keeping pace with Blake Griffin w/ 10 pts, Lob City comes to DC.  Game thread:

http://www.wizardsextreme.com/forums/showthread.php?p=97096#post97096, If Crawford wants to be anything like MJ he needs to work on that scoop layup whatever that was..., Great finish for #Wizards..Seraphin swap followed by Booker put-back dunk followed by Crawford buzzer beater.. #wizardsbench, At the pace the Wizards are on, we be may be talking about lottery picks very soon. @TJackson85 ranks his current top 5 college ballers.., Wizards at Toronto tonight, that means.... Canadian Dancers!! Check out the game thread:

http://www.wizardsextreme.com/forums/showthread.php?p=97041#post97041, A lot of recent talk surrounding John Wall's production (or lack thereof). So what gives? @MrTakeitEasy spews his thoughts.., The Wizards dropped their 18th of 22 games this season last night against the Orlando Magic. It's tough to find positives when you're losing consistently. However, @Abdu11ah gives it a shot..., Congrats to our member SoulBroNo1 for winning the free t-shirt giveaway from last night's game thread!

http://image.spreadshirt.com/image-server/image/product/18405152/view/1/type/png/width/280/height/280, Don't Forget- post your McGee stat predictions in tonight's game thread for a chance to win a free shirt!

http://www.wizardsextreme.com/forums/showthread.php?p=96957#post96957, Again, prediction MUST be made in our game thread in order to be eligible for t-shirt

http://www.wizardsextreme.com/forums/showthread.php?p=96946#post96946, Whoever closely predicts JaVale McGee's line tonight in our game thread wins a free WizardsExtreme T- shirt....courtesy of LooseCannon13

http://www.wizardsextreme.com/forums/showthread.php?p=96946#post96946, 1 of our members - JaySongChang:  "After all without the Wizards there can't be any Magic! "

http://www.wizardsextreme.com/forums/showthread.php?p=96946&posted=1#post96946, Give us your prediction for JaVale McGee's line tonight:

http://www.wizardsextreme.com/forums/showthread.php?p=96935#post96935, Give us your prediction for JaVale McGee's line tonight:

http://www.wizardsextreme.com/forums/showthread.php?p=96935#post96935, Wizards vs. Magic tonight.  McGee vs. Howard.  Enemy Dancers!! Check it out.  

http://www.wizardsextreme.com/forums/showthread.php?p=96929#post96929, Miss the #Wizards #Bulls game last night? @JoeGlo1 was there for @csnwashington and has you covered http://www.csnwashington.com/blog/wizards-talk/post/Wizards-Bulls-photo-recap?blockID=641952&feedID=10480 #effort, @MrTakeitEasy breaks down the positive aspects of the #Wizards' performance against the #Bulls., @AsadNaqviDMV recaps last night's Bulls/Wizards game. Also includes game notes and quotes from the locker room., justttt a little more tricep DeSanga.., The reigning MVP dominated the Wizards last night. Here's the latest from @DJ_SAAM., Wizards simply do not have the firepower to match up with Chicago 

They drop a tough one to the #bulls by the final score of 98-88, Wizards making a push...cut the Bulls lead to 9 with 7:07 left

84-75 Bulls

#wizbulls, After 3 the Wizards trail by double digits. The 3rd quarter continues to haunt this team.

Wiz Kids trail 76-59, There is a shooting clinic being held by the Chicago Bulls and the Wizards are receiving free lessons., slow 3rd quarters continue to haunt this team.

Wizards trail 64-47 with 7:03 left in the 3rd quarter, Time for the Wizards to come out and play inspired basketball. They find themselves down by 11 after the first half of play.

51-40, with 3:21 left John Wall gets his first assist of the game. Wizards trail 40-32, Given the team's reputation for bad 3rd quarter starts, it's important for the to establish some momentum going in to the half! Wizards trail by 13 with 5:46 left in the 2nd.

#wizbulls 23-36, #Bulls are running up and down the court on the Wizards early on.

Wiz Kids trail by 12 32-20 with 8:34 left in the quarter., It's the Derrick Rose Show early on...Wizards down 9 with 2:53 left in the opening quarter...

19-10, Randy Wittman noticeably upset with his team's defensive effort early on, Big match up tonight:  John Wall vs. Derrick Rose.  Check out the game thread and preview courtesy of @BBallWiz330 and @tjackson85.

http://www.wizardsextreme.com/forums/showthread.php?p=96856#post96856, The Wizards are 2-1 under interim coach Randy Wittman; @mikeandrews89 discusses his early success.., If you are watching the Wiz game tonight.....join the game thread!

http://www.wizardsextreme.com/forums/showthread.php?p=96825#post96825, Hello Chase Budinger. Meet JaVale McGee's waistline., #Rockets commentators: "Somebody please guard him", referring to @John_Wall, Rockets Enemy Dancers FTW!! Wizards vs. Rockets at 8:00 tonight, join the thread....

http://www.wizardsextreme.com/forums/showthread.php?p=96761#post96761, Charles Lamar aka @MrTakeitEasy provides us the sights and sounds from Section 106 at the Verizon Center!, The #Wizards earned their way out of the NBA cellar after beating the lowly Bobcats last night in Randy Wittman's first game as head coach. @DJ_SAAM recaps the Wiz Kids' performance., BREAKING NEWS: AFTER DEFEATING THE #BOBCATS 92-75, THE #WIZARDS ARE NOT THE WORST TEAM IN THE #NBA!! CONGRATS TO COACH WITTMAN ON HIS FIRST WIN!, Wittman subs in Young/Wall to close out last 5 minutes with 22 point lead? #suspectrotation o_O, Speaking of the devil...Booker in for garbage time.., Kevin Seraphin "earning" his play time? 8 points, 3 rebounds in 15 minutes...where's Trevor Booker? #Wizards lead 84-60 midway thru 4th, #Wizards crushing #Bobcats at the end of third 71-49, Very minimal PT for Booker (3 min) & Singleton (10 min) tonight. Plenty of burn for Blatche- paying off? 17 & 10 so far for Dray., Boris Diaw had NO idea what do vs. Wall on fast break. #Wizards cool off #Bobcats, climb to back to 21 point lead., #Bobcats in the midst of 9-0 run, cut lead to 13, The #Bobcats are dismissing any "there really can't be anything worse than this" talk in DC. #Wizards have commanding 20 pt lead at half, Apparently a missed dunk won't suffice for a potential triple double night for #Dray. Boo's ringing from the crowd again, Give me a little more umph Dray! a little #toosoft but has a solid stat line thus far - 7 pts 5 reb 4 ast; #Wizards lead 34-19, #Bobcats begin 2nd qtr with 2 consec shot clock violations. #defense, #Wizards lead #Bobcats 31-17 after first. Wizards shoot 58%, outreb Cha 15-8 and lead in assists 9-1, Nick Young off to a hot start. Crashing the basket, has 9 points. Blatche showing hustle early with few off boards, 4 pts., underestimated the possible fan turnout tonight. A solid 9k on hand tonight., #Wizards in good spirits pregame. Lots of smiles and dougies.., The #Wizards are struggling, and it's taking a toll on attendance numbers at the Verizon Center. @mikeandrews89 spews his thoughts.., Check out @DimeMag interview with #Wizards guard @NickSwagyPYoung!, New Traditions?  How about new coach....Wizards vs. Bobcats at the Verizon Center tonight.  Join the game thread!

http://www.wizardsextreme.com/forums/showthread.php?p=96641#post96641, OUR TEAM TACKLES 5 BURNING QUESTIONS SURROUNDING THE RECENT FIRING OF FLIP SAUNDERS IN THE FIRST EDITION OF "THE STARTING 5"., null, Flip Saunders has been fired!

http://www.wizardsextreme.com/forums/showthread.php?t=4809&page=3, Charles Lamar aka @MrTakeitEasy sums up the story of the Washington Wizards this year., 1 fan's take on the Wizards' troubles.  This from the Fire Flip! Fire Ernie! Fire the Towel Boy! thread

http://www.wizardsextreme.com/forums/showpost.php?p=96569&postcount=24, Wow...Sixers are 14 point favorites tonight.  Game thread and preview brought to you by @BBallWiz330 and @tjackson85

http://www.wizardsextreme.com/forums/showthread.php?p=96556#post96556, Can't keep up with the last place Wizards?  You surely can check out Enemy Dancers.  Tonight's game thread for Philly game:

http://www.wizardsextreme.com/forums/showthread.php?p=96552#post96552, @DJ_Saam recaps yesterday's Wizards/Celtics game.., Wizards lose to the Boston Celtics 100-94.  Wizards need a clutch player.  Haven't had one since Gilbert Arenas, sadly.  #Wizards, I didn't know there was such a thing as a 6 point play.  Cause the Wizards are down 6 with 3 seconds to go.  #Wizards #IDunnoAnymore, Wizards take the lead for the first time since the 1st QT after Nick Young slams it in Pietrus's mouth.  But then Nick gets a technical foul.  Wizards up 84-83 with 5:55 left in the game, Great alley oop from John Wall to Trevor Booker! Wizards have tied it up 75-75.  Wall has 20 points 7 assist and 7 rebounds.  #TripleDoubleWatch, So far Wall has 20 points, 6 rebounds, and 6 assist.  Wizards are down 4 points, 73-69 to the Celtics.  #Wizards, Another charge taken by John Wall! Gotta love that, if WE are not mistaken, he leads the Wizards in taking charges this year. #Wizards, checkout Lady Extreme report on the Wiz vs Nuggets , How much longer can Dray handle the heckling?, Wizards Extreme's @TYavari recaps last night's loss to the Nuggets. Video edited by @BBallWiz330, Crawford nails 3 putting #Wizards back on top 98-97. 4 min left in 4th., Fans losing their voice for some chicken! #Miss2FTs, Instant fan reaction in complete uniformity and synchronization when when Crawford touches the ball: "PASS IT!", #Wizards out of gas, and out of the lead at the end of 3. Trail #Nuggets 86-81, #Wizards fans not giving Andray Blatche a break. Don't know if they should... 0-7 FG, 2 turnovers, 2 points., #Wizards lead #Nuggets 63-61 at the half. Nick Young leads all scorers with 17., Nick Young explodes for 17 in the 1st q. Hasn't played a minute in the 2nd. #Wiz cooling off, lead #Nuggets by only 3... #suspectrotation, #Wizards play their best 1st quarter offensively. 37 pts, 62% FG, 13 ast, 2 TO. Young with 17 points (3-5 3pt). Lead #Nuggets 37-27, Nick Young tomahawk jam, JaVale block, Singleton alley oop in a 30 second span. #Wizards trail #Nuggets 17-14 midway thru 1st., Wiz vs Nuggets at 7 tonight.  Game thread and preview brought to you by @BballWiz330 and @tjackson85

http://www.wizardsextreme.com/forums/showthread.php?p=96516#post96516, @Abdu11ah of Wizards Extreme discusses the Wizards' improbable win over the Thunder the other night and what it means for tonight against Denver., Wizards vs. Nuggets tonight at 7:00.  FRIENDLY CHEERLEADERS!!!!! Check it out!

http://www.wizardsextreme.com/forums/showthread.php?p=96502#post96502, Pics from #Wizards win over #Thunder from @JoeGlo1 for @csnwashington featuring @John_Wall @KDTrey5 @BigTiggerShow , Nick Young, Andray Blatche and Trevor Booker discuss last night's victory over the Thunder. Video produced by @BBallWiz330, @MrTakeitEasy talks about the long awaited pleasure and joy felt by the fans at the Verizon Center after their victory over Kevin Durant and the Thunder last night., #WIZARDS WIN!!!!!!!!!! WIZARDS WIN!!!! OVER THE #THUNDER!! Wall finishes with 25, Young with 24. #KD and #Westbrook combine for 69., Kevin Durant suffering from LBJ syndrome. Just scored his first 2 points of the 4th quarter., Verizon Center is on their feet!!! Let's close this out!! McGee at the line as the #Wizards hold on to a 5 point lead with a buck and a half left., #Wizards making some NOISE in the 4th!!! Nick Young fourth 3-pointer followed by a McGee dunk has the Wiz Kids up 88-85 midway thru the final quarter...LET'S SHOCK THE WORLD DC!!!!!!!!!, Who would've thought it'd be a tie game in the 4th quarter between the leagues best and worst teams... #webelieve, #Wizards close out the 3rd with yet another 3..this one by none other than tonight's fan favorite Andray Blatche....Wiz down 4, Nick Young is on fire after his third 3 pointer this quarter! Rashard hit one too! #Wizards down 5 in final minute of 3rd., #Wizards cut 10 point 3rd quarter lead in half on John Wall layup. 63-58 #Thunder lead., #Wizards 47, Kevin Durant/Russell Westbrook 40, Kevin Durant closes the first half with an and 1. #Thunders lead @Wizards 51-46 at the half., #Wizards finally take the lead! John Wall hits midrange jumper giving DC the lead 36-35....Perkins and Dray getting chippy. Getcha popcorn ready folks., The Dunking Ninja aka Jan Vesely powers one down. #Wizards staying in this one so far. Trail 36-33 midway through 2nd., #Wizards shooting barely over 30% along with 7 turnovers, yet trail #Thunder by only 7. #how?, At the end of one, the #Wizards trail the #Thunder 22-18. John Wall leads the Wizards with 6 points on 3-6 shooting. #Durant leads all scorers with 9., #Wizards trail #Thunder 14-5 late in the first., Jason Campbell sighting at #Wizards game., Fans booing Andray Blatche early #wizards, Friendly Dancers, Kevin Durant, game thread & preview brought to you by @BBallWiz330 and @tjackson85

http://www.wizardsextreme.com/forums/showthread.php?p=96446#post96446, Welcome home Kevin Durant!  Wizards host the Thunder tonight at 7:00.  Join us in the game thread....

http://www.wizardsextreme.com/forums/showthread.php?p=96437#post96437, @DJ_Saam and @AsadNaqviDMV break down yesterday's loss to the Rockets, plus post game interviews by @John_Wall, @drayblatche and @MoneyMase. Video produced by @BBallWiz330. Check it out! , Blake Ahearn* anybody?  Can't be worse than Crawford/Young have been....Let us know your thoughts:

http://www.wizardsextreme.com/forums/showpost.php?p=96411&postcount=19 

, Blake Aheard anybody?  Can't be worse than Crawford/Young have been....Let us know your thoughts

http://www.wizardsextreme.com/forums/showpost.php?p=96411&postcount=19, MLK Jr. game thread and preview brought to you by @BBallWiz330 and @tjackson85.  Tip off is 2:00 PM today. 

http://www.wizardsextreme.com/forums/showthread.php?p=96313#post96313, Today - Wizards vs. Rockets.  Game thread is up.  NOTE THE EARLY 2:00 PM TIME.  Happy MLK Jr. Day!

http://www.wizardsextreme.com/forums/showthread.php?p=96310#post96310, @mikeandrews89 isn't as optimistic about these Wizards as he was at the start of the season.., Last night's Sixers/Wizards wrap up by @DJ_SAAM , Enemy Dancers and Game Preview brought to you by @BBallWiz330 and @tjackson85

http://www.wizardsextreme.com/forums/showthread.php?p=96203#post96203, Worst Team Ever? Charles Lamar aka @MrTakeitEasy begs to differ! , Enemy Cheerleaders!! Wizards travel to Philly tonight on the front end of a home and home.  Check out tonight's game thread:

http://www.wizardsextreme.com/forums/showthread.php?p=96198#post96198, Our very own Abdullah Sharif ( @Abdu11ah ) will be a live guest caller tonight on Clutch Sports Radio talking Wizards basketball! Tune in!, The posterization of John Lucas III, @DJ_Saam talks Bulls/Wizards, the absence of Andray Blatche and the performance of John Wall thus far, check out @Abdu11ah 's take on last night's Bulls/Wizards game!, @TYavari reports from Verizon Center recapping last night's win vs. Toronto, Why It’s Imperative to Keep Nick Young.. by @mikeandrews89 #wizards, Wizards Win!! Now they play Derrick Rose and the Chicago Bulls at 8:00 PM.  Join us in tonight's game thread....

http://www.wizardsextreme.com/forums/showthread.php?p=96091#post96091, Game thread by @BBallWiz330 and preview by @tjackson85....give us your thoughts!

http://www.wizardsextreme.com/forums/showthread.php?p=96037#post96037, @MrTakeitEasy aka Chuck Lamar spews his thoughts about the underachieving Wizards., Tonight's game thread is up.  Join us to discuss Wizards vs. Raptors!!

http://www.wizardsextreme.com/forums/showthread.php?p=96006&posted=1#post96006, Our @JoeGlo1 in his latest piece for @csnwashington says the #Wizards need to get back to basics, Read Lady Wizards Extreme latest post on the teams trust in one another, As @DJ_Saam said it was brutal to watch. Here is how @JoeGlo1 saw the #Wizards loss to the #Timberwolves for CSNWashington , The Wizards take on the Timberwolves this afternoon. WE have your game preview by @BBallWiz330 , @Abdu11ah recaps last night's Wizards performance against the Knicks., Wizards get an A for effort but come up short against New York Knicks. Our wrap up for CSNWashington..., Wizards Backcourt Continues to Struggle.  Check out the latest by Trevor Jackson @tjackson85

http://www.csnwashington.com/blog/wizards-talk/post/Wizards-backcourt-struggles-by-the-numbe?blockID=626174&feedID=10480, Wizards host the Knicks tonight at 7:00.  Game thread is live!! 
http://www.wizardsextreme.com/forums/showthread.php?p=95831#post95831, Are we done bashing the Wizards yet? Not quite...just get back to playing basketball the way it was meant to be played guys...., DJ SAAM puts it out there! 

In a season where we hope to wish for the best, The reality of the situation is much worse.

Perception of fans, vs the reality of the situation is the topic at hand for the latest article!, Last night sucked., Predictions: When will the Wizards get their first victory?

http://www.wizardsextreme.com/forums/showthread.php?p=95809#post95809, Game thread by @BBallWiz330 and preview by @tjackson85

http://www.wizardsextreme.com/forums/showthread.php?p=95764#post95764, Wizards travel to Orlando tonight to take on the Magic at 7:00 PM.  Match up of the night: Dwight Howard vs. JaVale McGee.....come join us in tonight's game thread

http://www.wizardsextreme.com/forums/showthread.php?p=95759&posted=1#post95759, Despite remaining winless, owner Ted Leonsis likes the effort he saw in his team last night against Boston, DJ SAAM Thinks that JaVale McGee is the best player on this team not named John Wall. What do you guys think?, Wizards rematch the Celtics tonight at 7:30 in Boston.  Join Wizards Extreme in tonight's game thread!

http://www.wizardsextreme.com/forums/showthread.php?p=95672#post95672, John Wall finally had his breakthough performance last night with 19 points, 8 assists, 7 boards and only 1 turnover, but another ugly start lead to another loss for the Wizards last night. , null, Welcome to Boston?! Wizards suit up in road jerseys. Fans suited up in green jerseys., Wizards host the Celtics tonight at 6:00 PM and look to get their first win of the year.  Game thread is live......now go check it out.  

http://www.wizardsextreme.com/forums/showthread.php?p=95637&posted=1#post95637, null, Did our last post not convince you to be more optimistic about the Wiz Kids? This is probably why.., After two tough losses to open the season, many fans are wondering if there is any room for optimism with the Wizards this season. Abdullah Sharif thinks there may be a little...read about it in his latest post on CSNWashington.com!, Wizards take on the Bucks tonight in Milwaukee at 8:30 PM. Game thread is live! Go check it out....Featuring ENEMY DANCERS!!!

http://www.wizardsextreme.com/forums/showthread.php?p=95579#post95579, John Wall goes French. Can we get Kevin Seraphin Officiel or Kevin Seraphin to translate for John?, Our latest piece for CSNWashington on Andray Blatche and expectations , Wizards take on the Hawks tonight in Atlanta at 7:30 PM.  Game thread is live! Go check it out....

http://www.wizardsextreme.com/forums/showthread.php?p=95453#post95453, Please check out the home game notes: The way WE saw it

By Asad Naqvi

http://www.csnwashington.com/blog/wizards-talk/post/Wizards-Nets-What-we-saw?blockID=619540&feedID=10480, null, http://www.wizardsextreme.com/

Check out THE FIRST LADY OF WizardsExtreme.com, Tara Yavari's quick take on the Wizards/Nets game. 

Also official game quotes courtesy of the Wizards PR Department!, Another great write up by Wizards Extreme writer, DJ SAAM , On the 12th day of Christmas Ernie gave me to..Andray Blatche!, ARE YOU READY!?, Latest CSN article by Trevor Jackson.  Will the Front Court continue to develop?? 

http://www.csnwashington.com/blog/wizards-talk/post/Front-court-development-key-for-Wizards?blockID=617928&feedID=10480, On the 5th day of Christmas Erine Grunfeld gave to me, Jan Vesely! Great article by DJ SAAM!, null, Featuring Trevor Booker....., null, Wizards play-by-play announcer Steve Buckhantz joins Wizards Extreme tonight on our exclusive one hour long Wizards Season Preview Show...we're live now!, Trevor Jackson's latest post.  12 Days of Christmas: Shelvin Mack

http://www.csnwashington.com/blog/wizards-talk/post/12-Days-of-Christmas-Shelvin-Mack?blockID=613568&feedID=6356, DJ SAAM kick's off our "12 days of Christmas" segment with his profile on Roger Mason Jr!, Wizards Extreme discusses the absence of Nick Young and how the Wizards are preparing with out him., Check out the very latest on why year two of John Wall's career is of the utmost importance.  , Check out DJ SAAM's latest article on the Wizards! He talks about the key to success for the Wizards on offense starts with the front court presence, null, VIDEO HIGHLIGHTS FROM DAY 3 OF TRAINING CAMP! -- courtesy of Asad Naqvi, null, 7-day Dray has a new nickname for Shelvin Mack and can rock some mean Ugz boots, but don't ask him to pronounce Jan Vesely's name., Roger Mason Jr is back for another round in DC. This time in a different role and different uniform. Check out the latest article from Trevor Jackson.


http://www.csnwashington.com/blog/wizards-talk/post/Welcome-home-Money-Mase?blockID=609268&feedID=6356, Rebuild is a word Wizards fans have heard a lot over the past two years. It has been an ambitious plan to rebrand the franchise and did we ever need rebranding. Check out the latest from Charles Lamar., DJ SAAM'S Take as an "Average" Wizards fan! , The "road" to success for the Wiz Kids: playing well away from home., New Court Photos

http://www.wizardsextreme.com/forums/showthread.php?p=94951#post94951, With the schedule coming out tonight...Which young team are you most excited to see the Wizards match up against?, null, null, null, Jan Vesely..remember him? The Wizards are excited to see what our top rookie has in store for us this season. Wizards Extreme correspondent Asad Naqvi breaks down what to expect from him going into the season..., Several factors for the Wizards to address going into this shortened sesason., The Washington Wizards season tip-off is right around the corner and there's plenty to address once the NBA deal is finally ratified:

- Who will back up John Wall?

- Is Nick Young staying or leaving?

- How well will rookies Jan Vesely, Chris Singleton and Shelvin Mack fair with the short offseason and training camp?

- With the new NBA amnesty clause in place, Rashard Lewis and his mammoth contract seem to be all but history. What does this mean for the Wizards in terms of free agency?

Turn to WizardsExtreme.com for all your Wizards coverage and follow us on Twitter:

@WizardsExtreme
@AsadNaqviDMV
@JoeGlo1
@Abdu11ah, Check out @AsadNaqviDMV latest blog about the LOCKOUT ending and the Wizards roster update!

http://www.wizardsextreme.com/2011-articles/december/the-nba-is-back-tentative-agreement-reached.html, Community Classic - ft. Caron Butler 11/26 in Chantilly.......who's going??  

http://www.wizardsextreme.com/forums/showthread.php?p=94806#post94806, null, Follow us on twitter!!, null, Touching up on the latest buzz around the Wizards including John Wall and a few other Wizards out in Las Vegas for the Impact Basketball Competitive Training Series and Andray Blatche holds his private team workout., null, PLEASE JOIN US LIVE AS WE ARE GOING TO BE LIVE IN NEWARK, NJ.  NBA DRAFT CHAT ON CSNwashington.com!  JOIN US! 6:30!!   , Asad Naqvi take on the GOODMAN LEAGUE INDOOR COALITION! CHECK IT OUT!, The trade everyone in Washington is talking about  by Shaun Ahmad 

http://www.wizardsextreme.com/trading-javale-mcgee-to-minnesota-is-a-no-brainer.html, Check out this piece by Abdullah Sharif!)