List(Jacky Ha-Ha is making everyone's spring break funnier. Here's what one mom had to say about it:, I couldn’t feel more passionate about getting kids reading. It’s what gets me up in the morning and energizes me to do more every day. That’s why I’m thrilled to announce for the second year in a row that I’m giving away $1.75 million in grants to school libraries across the country in partnership with Scholastic Reading Club, which will match the grants with bonus points for teachers.

If your school could use a grant to improve its library, please head to http://scholastic.com/pattersonpartnership to fill out an application. The deadline for the first round of applications is May 31., I stopped in at my local Sam's Club to get my copy of Jacky Ha-Ha, the perfect book to get moms and daughters reading and laughing together. Thanks for the hospitality, Sam's Club., In my days of working in an office, we used to discuss #whatwerereading around the water cooler. In fact, for a brief period of time, my desk was right next to the water cooler. Not sure what they stand around these days, but thanks to iBooks, they’re talking about Private Paris. https://t.co/yuqJJgJLvV, Jelly beans, green plastic grass, JACKY HA-HA. Best Easter basket ever? #hahabookclub, In case your kiddos missed the 2016 Kids' Choice Awards, here’s some photos of the cast from #MiddleSchoolMovie walking the orange carpet- apparently a high honor in kid’s TV. http://bit.ly/1RJWcuo, Get one of my paperbacks for FREE at Barnes & Noble when you purchase two from this list of titles http://bit.ly/1RB6XVT, Have you read Jacky Ha-Ha yet? Everyone who attended a #HaHaBookClub had a blast with this new kind of heroine. Check out the pictures. And post or tweet a photo with your copy of Jacky Ha-Ha to be included in the album., Here’s my tip for having a fun spring break: read JACKY HA-HA with your kiddo. It’s that easy., Who’s already pre-ordered their first BookShots? A new Cross and ZOO will be available June 7th, with many more stories to come. Thanks for the spotlight, Barnes & Noble, How would you like an extra all-new Alex Cross each year? An extra Women’s Murder Club? And a new ZOO? Let me introduce you to BookShots. http://nyti.ms/1U2c5mb, Here's what one mom thought about Jacky Ha-Ha, on sale tomorrow:, In case you missed out on the Jacky Ha-Ha House Parties, and want to know what all the buzz was about, here are 6 chapters free. http://bit.ly/23tUSoD, One kind mom had this to say about reading Jacky Ha-Ha:, “…A hilarious and complex new heroine who loves to make people laugh. But underneath 12-year-old Jacky Ha-Ha’s class clown exterior are worries about some pretty serious things happening with her parents. Can Jacky cut the wisecracks, pranks, and jokes long enough to deal with her own inner turmoil?” 

Thanks for including Jacky Ha-Ha on March’s Best Books for Young Readers, Barnes & Noble http://bit.ly/1Tl5dQT, Here's what one mom had to say about reading Jacky Ha-Ha with her daughter:, Only one week left to submit your writing for my MasterClass co-author contest. Want to write a book together? This is your chance: https://www.masterclass.com/jp-coauthor, Private Paris is finally on sale today. Grab a copy and let me know what you think of what was supposed to be a routine stop at the offices in Paris for Jack Morgan. (Hint: it’s anything but routine), null, null, What’s better than starting a new book on the day it’s released? Well, starting it before that. Check out this link for 6 free chapters from Private Paris. http://bit.ly/1XiYC7e, Race through Paris with Jack Morgan on his latest Private case, and see Paris the way it was meant to be seen- through the window of a dangerously speeding Peugeot. Out March 14th., null, Sincere thanks to all of the writers who voted and think I deserve the 2015 Innovator’s Award at the Los Angeles Times Book Prizes. I appreciate the support from my peers. Standing up for books & reading is something I truly believe can improve everyone’s life.  http://bit.ly/1UCiELp, null, In my upcoming novel, Private Paris, Jack Morgan is visiting his Paris office when a friend calls and asks Jack to ensure the protection of his granddaughter. Is the case as simple as it sounds? Or will Jack uncover a plot that will shake Paris to its core?, Attention Gilmore Girls fans: did you hear Lauren Graham is reprising her role as Lorelai? If you think this is exciting, you won’t want to miss her as Rafe’s mom in the upcoming #MiddleSchoolMovie. http://nyti.ms/1WXxdaN, Here's what one mom had to say about Jacky Ha-Ha:, It’s been a surreal experience the last few weeks watching so many of my fans confess to reading behind the wheel. I’m not sure if I should be honored, or frightened. It might be a bit of both- which is why I want to encourage hands-free reading by making audiobooks my newsletter sweepstakes giveaway over the next few weeks. Sign up here for your chance to win: http://bit.ly/1WXwrLa, The hilarious trailer for #MiddleSchoolMovie is finally here. What do you think?, Thanks to all my audiobook listeners for making NYPD Red 4 #1 on Publishers Weekly's audiobook bestseller list 4 weeks in a row. I hope you’re all enjoying the story. http://bit.ly/21I6BxP, iBooks is now offering some of PRIVATE’s best stories for only $4.99, for a limited time. And while you’re catching up on Jack’s previous cases, you might as well pre-order the next, Private Paris. http://bit.ly/1LSKLP4, null, “The story is stuffed with page-turning pranks and social and family drama (Jacky is one of six sisters), and the swoopy [black & white] cartoons from Kerascoët…only add to Jacky's untamed energy. Framed as a successful comedy writer looking back on her wild 12th year, the novel is sure to amuse and encourage readers who don't have it all figured out just yet.” Thanks for the book review, Publishers Weekly., I’m happy I could contribute to the Loma Vista Middle School’s book collection. Certainly looks like you’re enjoying those books., Let the fun begin: Jacky Ha-Ha Book Club House Parties kick off today across the country. Thanks to all of my hosts, and don’t forget to share the fun with me by posting your party photos using #HaHaBookClub on Facebook, Twitter, and Instagram., I’m not usually invited to the same parties as the chic Ms. Taylor Swift, but if we ever met, I’d want to thank her for being such a positive force for children’s literacy- she donated 25K children’s books to NYC schools. Thank you, Tay. http://nydn.us/1QLDsjG, The Open eBooks app makes thousands of popular and award-winning titles available for free to kids in need. Learn more at the following link, register your class, and let them start reading. This is a great tool for getting books into the hands of kids. http://bit.ly/1QIvXKt, Today is LitWorld's World Read Aloud Day 2016. What books are you sharing with your kiddos tonight?, “The book signing [The Thomas Berryman Number] took place at the World Trade Center in 1976. No one but his girlfriend came.” I always love being reminded of that. Read this mental_floss article for more stories from my past and to see how I got started writing. http://bit.ly/1Smtyox, “Fun, smart, emotionally engaging, Jacky is a character that young readers will love spending time with.” Thanks for the review of Jacky Ha-Ha, Kirkus Reviews. Who’s planning on spending some time with Jacky Ha-Ha? It’s out March 21st. http://bit.ly/1QO8yRG, Patterson Cross muscled his way to a second-place finish in his race last weekend. You might say he proved the “neigh-sayers” wrong., Want to write a book with me? Submissions are now open for my co-author competition. Learn more about my writing MasterClass and the competition at www.masterclass.com/jp, Here are some pictures from one of our visits with Patterson Cross. One day, we hope to see him race in the KY Derby., Thanks, everyone, for helping NYPD Red 4 hit #1 on both The New York Times and USA Today bestseller lists. Though, USA TODAY, I think “King James” might be a bit much.  http://usat.ly/1Qlvo96, Have you met Patterson Cross? Clever name, right? He belongs to my good friends, Jim and Irene Karp., Sue loves orchids, so I got her these for Valentine’s Day this year. How’d I do?, Party Packs for the hosts of the Jacky Ha-Ha Book Club House Parties should be arriving this week. The fun kicks off February 27th. I hope you’re as excited to read my new story, Jacky Ha-Ha, as I am to see your reactions. #hahabookclub, I want to share this special award with all of my fans. I wouldn’t be able to serve the literary community without all of your support., That's a great cover, jimmy patterson. Nice work., All right, this is pretty cool. You’re looking at a couple of two-time Emmy award winners. Tim, the director, and I won for our documentary, Murder of a Small Town. Please, photographers, not all at once., There are a lot of people who have the talent, but haven’t been shown the door to walk through. I want to help. I’m going to pick one student from my online MasterClass to be my next co-author. That student could be you. Learn more at www.masterclass.com/co-author, These before and after photos really say a lot. I want every school in the country to look more like the after photo. And thank you to Cleveland Middle School for sending in these photos of how you used your grant., Here's Jack when he was 8. He's now 18. Happy Birthday, Jack., Thanks to my two biggest fans for coming with me to the National Book Awards. It was an honor to receive such an award, and I couldn’t have done it without these two., Congratulations to all who have been chosen to host a Jacky Ha-Ha Book Club House Party. Who’s ready to start reading and laughing? #Hahabookclub, I know most are pre-occupied with the Oscars this time of year. But, for my fans, my favorite movies of 2015 are below – perhaps the Academy can take a lesson from my list., The NYPL The New York Public Library released its 10 most popular books of 2015- those which are most frequently checked out. And I’d like to thank my fans for helping NYPD Red 3 make the list. You won’t want to miss Zach’s next case, out now.   http://nyti.ms/209O7DN, “I think that with a lot of teachers and librarians, they never find out what good works they’ve done. They never find out what literarians they were. But they save lives everyday. So there's your real literarians.” I may have been presented the Literarian Award at the National Book Awards, but I know that the real hard work is done in libraries every single day. Interview w/ Literary Hub here:  http://bit.ly/1nL1nDf, Thanks to CNN for helping me spread the message of how important it is to take care of our booksellers and libraries. And most importantly- thanks to all of our booksellers, teachers, and librarians out there who help put books in kids’ hands.   http://cnnmon.ie/1nADhua, “I can't do anything about global warming. I can't do anything about a better system for drugs or immigration, whatever. But I can help kids learn how to read. And that will save lives.” And hopefully I can draw attention to the subject. Please check out my NPR interview here. http://n.pr/1QxU6Qg, null, Calling all moms: want an excuse to both spend more time with your daughters and to put a laugh-out-loud book about a female protagonist in their hands? Apply now to host a Jacky Ha-Ha Book Club House Party, and give your kids an experience they’ll never forget. http://www.houseparty.com/link/c7ac3eff, null, Has everyone heard about the man ticketed for driving while reading one of my novels? This is dangerous, scary, and above all- I wonder which book it was he couldn’t stop reading…  http://on.today.com/1VsAs9q, Cool, my first Mashie- for the Self-Destructing Book campaign in 2015. Happy to report no fingers were lost during this campaign.   

http://mashable.com/2015/11/11/2015-mashies-winners/#ReasiyDEEkq6, The murder of a celebrity and a spree of high-profile robberies across the city have sent New York City into a panic. There’s only one unit fit to handle this level of crime. This is NYPD Red 4, out today., null, null, Thanks iTunes for giving NYPD Red 4 the celebrity treatment on your site itunes.com/ibooks. As you’ll see in NYPD Red’s newest case, being a celebrity is actually pretty dangerous…, When Elena Travers’ car was hijacked, the killers took more than just her life: they robbed the $8,000,000 necklace right off her lifeless body. With more high-profile thefts reported across the city, Zach Jordan faces his toughest case yet in NYPD Red 4., A celebrity’s car crashes into a red carpet event, and she’s murdered inside. With only one witness, no suspects, and a killer on the loose in New York City, this is a case for New York’s finest. Buckle up for NYPD Red 4., null, I think Sammy’s mom- the robot creator in House of Robots- would agree that The Robot Factory by Tinybop, Inc. deserves Apple Inc.’s App of the Year. Can your kids create a cool robot they think belongs in Sammy’s house? http://bit.ly/1OvUYlE, jimmy patterson went out and built himself one heck of a library: anti-gravity chambers, a pirate ship for books, and a go-kart track nearby? I like the way this kid thinks..., Meet some of the hardworking booksellers in Washington D.C. who received a bonus from me this holiday season- my humble way of saying thank you. http://wapo.st/1QbRw48, “Even if you have never read any books in this series [Alex Cross], you need to sink your teeth into CROSS JUSTICE now.” You heard Bookreporter.com, folks. Time for a nice helping of Alex Cross’s new adventure. http://bit.ly/1Ki3Md9, Nice going, jimmy patterson., Think working in Hollywood is easy? Things go from bad to worse for Jamie Grimm, as his co-star begins improvising during rehearsal and causing Jamie to trip over his lines. With the director’s patience wearing thin, this might be one crowd the Planet’s Funniest Kid Comic just can’t win over., In GolfDigest's December issue, I talked about my early days sneaking onto courses, and some of the characters I’ve met along the way. http://golfdig.st/1NDZHoh, Remember my summer thriller Now You See Her? Even if you missed it, some big news: Blue Bloods' Executive Producer Siobhan Byrne O’Connor will write a TV adaptation. This is one show you won’t want to miss.  http://bit.ly/1RyZZya, Thanks Washington Post for helping me spread the word about the importance of reading and getting books into the hands of kids. Wouldn’t it be great to hear this subject covered in the presidential campaigns? http://wapo.st/1K3nk4T, Dear Chloe Lane, 

Thanks for writing. I thought your pictures were great. You should write down your own adventures, and maybe illustrate them. 

I’m happy to answer your questions—

My new I Funny book came out in December, I FUNNY TV. Jamie Grimm has a chance at becoming a TV sitcom star, and, since you know him, you know he’s likely to mess it up. But he’s tenacious. He doesn’t give up. 

Ideas can come from anywhere. I bet you have some stories from school that would be a great start to a book. 

I work with many folks at my publishing house. It takes lots of people to get a book from start to finish. 

I’ve written so many books, I’ve almost lost track. I hope someone else is counting for me, Chloe. 

And as for your last question, I live in Florida. I’ll take the sunny beaches to the cold air of New York any day. 

Don’t forget about me when you’re a famous illustrator and keep the drawings coming. 

Your fan,
James Patterson, There's always something new and exciting going on at jimmy patterson Books., Me and my new classmates on the set of #MiddleSchoolMovie. For a look behind the scenes: http://usat.ly/1NDZrpa, Here’s a great picture of the Maximum Ride web series cast., Last year, my newsletter subscribers have learned about exclusive deals like $2.99 Alex Cross books and a free mobile-device game with purchase. Make sure you’re signed up today., null, Need a good cry? I have just what you’re looking for., When I was young, I fell in love with a wonderful person named Jane. Cancer took her and changed my whole life as well. I think that’s why I wrote First Love. Here’s a free preview., Did you miss any episodes of ZOO this past summer? Catch up with the full season on Netflix., Happy Holidays everyone., The best thing you can get your kids for the holidays this year: laughs. The I Funny and Treasure Hunters series are now available in boxed sets., ’Tis the season of generosity- Books-A-Million is matching donations up to $50K to help buy books for kids, now through Dec 31st. Nice work. http://bit.ly/1T608YN, Have you met jimmy patterson yet?, Here’s a tasty treat: me taking a pie in the face. Be honest, who watched this on repeat?, Need last minute gift ideas? Here’s what the Cross family’s getting..., Missed me on the Today Show? Here’s what we talked about: http://on.today.com/1OzcZ1L, null, Tomorrow at 9:30am EST, I’ll be on NBC's Today Show, talking about Cross Justice, my new kids’ books, the Middle School movie, and…you’ll have to tune in to see., Today, I announced more school libraries that are receiving grants as part of my $1.75 million pledge. I'm also giving $250,000 in bonuses to bookstore employees. To see the full lists of winners, visit scholastic.com/pattersonpartnership and bookweb.org/bonus, On sale now, Jamie Grimm’s all new adventure where he tries to please everyone: his fans, friends, classmates, and himself. (Hint: that never works out too well)., Jamie has a big choice to make in my new kids’ book I Funny TV: help out his best friends or live his dream as a sitcom star., If you cried during The Fault in Our Stars, you’ll probably want to meet Axi and Robinson. First Love, complete with new illustrations, is out December 15th., If your kids were chosen to star in their own sitcom- and had to go to work at a television studio everyday- would they miss their friends? See how Jamie Grimm handles it in my new book I Funny TV, on sale December 14th., Finding someone who completes you is hard. Losing that person is even harder. It happened to me and that’s why I wrote First Love., While I hope everyone is reading Cross Justice, don’t forget the book your kids have been waiting for: House of Robots: Robots Go Wild is now on sale., null, null, null, On December 15th, First Love comes out. Writing this book helped me to remember someone special, and I hope reading it does the same for you., The best way to get kids to love reading is to surround them with books. Help your kids find what they enjoy reading on Take Your Child to a Bookstore Day, this Saturday 12/5. If you don’t have an independent bookstore nearby, a library will do just fine., Looks like Kevin Spacey beat me for best-dressed Masterclass teacher. Give his class a try. masterclass.com/ks, This is big. Did you hear IndieBound is adding an option on their website that allows customers to buy a book directly from the product page? I think this is great and suggest everyone try purchasing a book this way., I had a great time visiting with fans at The Vero Beach Book Center recently. Over 300 people turned out. Thanks for a fun afternoon., You’ve heard a lot about Cross Justice this week, but I’m just as excited about the kids’ book: House of Robots: Robots Go Wild, now available., My new Alex Cross novel, Cross Justice, is now on sale. Who’s already started reading?, null, Alex Cross has avoided the truth behind his parents’ deaths for 35 years. Tomorrow, there’s nowhere left to run., Alex Cross was never able to find out the truth behind his parents’ deaths. But a mysterious detective he meets in Florida might just have the answers he’s looking for., Alex Cross has battled a range of twisted killers. But nothing has prepared him for facing the family demons that drove him from his hometown., Alex Cross brings Bree, Nana Mama, and his kids to North Carolina where his cousin is on trial for murder. Few people know what drove Alex away. This is the book where you’ll find out everything., Terrible things drove Alex Cross away from his hometown as a boy. Now, for the first time in over 35 years, he has to face his past., I think we’ve all had an identity crisis at some point, but Coco might be taking it too far…, Want a signed advance reader’s copy of CROSS JUSTICE? Share each of my Alex Cross teaser posts this week and I’ll pick a few lucky winners from the post with the most shares to win a copy of CROSS JUSTICE signed by yours truly., What an honor it is to welcome Lauren Graham, Rob Riggle, and Adam Pally to the cast of #MiddleSchoolMovie., Alex Cross returns to his hometown in my new novel, due out this month. Here’s a taste., null, null, I really appreciate the praise these parents have given the Treasure Hunters series. Comments like these are why I started writing books for kids in the first place., Looks like The Murder House is on its way to being my highest rated book this year. How many of you knew who the real villain was?, Everyone thinks his or her family is a little dysfunctional. But Tandy Angel might actually be right about hers. Have you started her final confession?, What do X-Men, The Avengers, and Guardians of the Galaxy have in common? They all started as Marvel comic books. Now that Maximum Ride is an official Marvel comic, is there a movie coming? I’m not allowed to say., Thank you to the Maryetta School in Stilwell, Oklahoma for sending in this very cool bulletin board design. Nice pun, btw., Being 17 and under consideration for a Grammy nomination, our son Jack is miles ahead of where I was at 17. And I’ve been running a lot longer than him. If you know people in the recording industry, vote for Jack’s performance in the Children’s Album category., I’m glad you’ve been enjoying the photos from my trip to Cuba. I should point out, however, that the artist behind the camera is my wonderful wife, Sue. Thanks for always being my partner in crime., Jack Patterson is eligible for a Grammy nomination for his amazing narration of House of Robots. All I know is, we better be in his acceptance speech. If you have friends in the recording industry, ask them to consider Jack’s performance in the Children’s Album category., Almost 1 million kids have tuned into the Treasure Hunters web series. How about your kids? The final episode is now live., Good news. CBS picked up ZOO for a second season, set to air Summer 2016. We last left Jackson and Abraham driving on a narrow bridge towards a herd of stampeding animals. Who's tuning in to see how much worse that can get for the humans?, The Murder House hit #1 on both The New York Times and USA Today bestseller lists. I'll bet that's something Detective Jenna Murphy would drink to., null, Sue's birthday flowers-- help me wish her a happy birthday!, Are you ready for Tandy Angel’s most mind-boggling confession yet? Here’s six free chapters. 

http://issuu.com/jamespatterson/docs/conf_4_free_chs?e=0/30550764, All in all, Cuba was a great family getaway. Even if the local taking the photo had never heard of Alex Cross., Want an exclusive discount on Alex Cross novels? Sign up now. 

http://bit.ly/1LmGJQK, Here’s me and Ernest. I didn’t realize how tall he was., Passing through Hemingway’s house is a pilgrimage any writer will appreciate. I will say I prefer my desk to Papa’s., If there’s a chance for Cubans to jazz something up, like an old car or the trim on a building, they’ll do it., The bright buildings of Cuba might provide a nice backdrop for an Alex Cross or Jack Morgan adventure, don’t you think?, Definitely not a street scene from Peoria. No knocks on Peoria, of course., I had to put on my sunglasses to properly see some of these cars., I’m up there enjoying the bird’s eye view while Sue and Jack mess around with the cameras., Cuba is full of interesting architecture. Even the old buildings are a treat for the eyes., Although this is some beautiful trim work, judging by the angle of this shot, I think the mimosas Sue and I had for breakfast may have taken a toll., Find out what was the inspiration behind writing the Middle School series. Plus you can check out the books on iBooks > http://apple.co/1G4k1xL, The famed Floridita.  Ernest Hemingway used to drink quite a number of margaritas there, apparently., Nothing spells family vacation like wandering down a dark alley together. Well, it wasn’t that dark. And I guess we’re pretty adventurous., null, Will Tandy finally figure out who’s trying to kill her? Or will they get to her first? Here’s a sneak peek of the action from Confessions: The Murder of an Angel, on sale 10/26., We got to see some very colorful art painted on the sides of buildings., null, Most of us probably aren’t worried about holiday gifts at the beginning of October, but I wanted to spread some extra special cheer this year. I’m giving $250,000 in holiday bonuses to booksellers. Please help me find the hardest-working employees at your favorite independent bookstores by filling out the nomination form. I will be working with the American Booksellers Association, and then picking the winners to announce in December., As you can see from my movie review below, even I am wrong sometimes (just don’t tell my editor). Make sure you check my movie reviews at http://goo.gl/K3WDGS to know which movies you should and shouldn’t see., It’s October, and that means the next Confessions book is only a few weeks away. Follow the Confessions of a Murder Suspect page for sneak peeks of Tandy’s most deadly adventure yet., This is what a stroll through the streets of Cuba looks like. Pretty different from the mall wouldn’t you say?, Have you--or has a kid you know--read any of the Treasure Hunters adventures? I’d love to know what you or they think. I want to bounce some ideas off readers of the series. Reply here and you may end up hearing from me., Here are some of the exotic buildings we passed during our walk through town. In Cuba, there are surprises around every corner., If your kids missed the first episode of the Treasure Hunters web series, make it part of tonight’s homework. Episode 2 is now live. (It can wait until after homework.), I’m always happy to see my books being used on TV sets, as was the case with a recent episode of The Mindy Project. I know Don’t Blink is interesting, but, Danny, at least put it on the nightstand…, This was some of the most intricate artwork I’ve ever seen. I suggest anyone visiting Cuba makes a stop here., I know it’s been a long wait, but The Murder House is finally on sale. This may be the scariest thing since Hitchcock’s last film. By the way, who remembers what his last film was?, Detective Jenna Murphy is determined to solve the many gruesome homicides at 7 Ocean Drive. Are you brave enough to enter the Murder House with her? Take a sneak peek below., People may invest a lot in souping up their hot rods here in the States, but we’ve got nothing on the paint schemes we saw in Cuba., It is an honor to be presented with such a prestigious award from the National Book Foundation at their 2015 National Book Awards. Truthfully, I am just doing what I believe in. And that is to get kids reading books for the sake of their futures, and our country. And also, of course, because it happens to be fun. 

http://time.com/4044331/james-patterson-literarian-award/, If you’re not signed up for my newsletter, you’re missing out on savings. When you sign up, pick the stores that you visit, and I’ll let you know ahead of time about their special deals on my books. There might be one coming sooner than you think., I know YouTube can be a scary place sometimes. Luckily, Treasure Hunters just got its own web series. Your kids are in good hands with Bick and Beck, even if they have the occasional tiff., It was an honor to speak to 300 fifth graders in Baltimore this morning., Here's one of the bookshops who was awarded a grant last week talking about their #JPlovesbookshops plan: 

http://www.itv.com/news/channel/2015-09-15/alderney-bookshop-receives-grant-from-renowned-author-james-patterson/, TONIGHT: the season finale of ZOO airs at 9/8c on CBS. Will you be watching?, Your kids are going to devour my new book, Treasure Hunters: Secret of the Forbidden City. Luckily, its web series, featuring the vocal talents of Brizzy Voices, will keep them entertained for weeks to come., Want to know what it takes to succeed at just about anything? Read "Grit to Great," a terrific new book written by Robin Koval and my longtime friend, Linda Kaplan Thaler. I’m thrilled to be featured in it. http://www.grittogreat.com/, null, "Watching what's been happening to kids in Baltimore made me think, 'How I can help?' And I thought the best thing I can do is try to keep ringing the bell and get kids reading.", It's your last chance to get one of my kids' audiobooks for only $4.95. http://www.audible.com/mt/Patterson_Kids, What do you have planned for Labor Day? A lot of beach reading? Catching up on the latest Michael Bennett, perhaps?, It's the BIG moment you've been waiting for, Zoo fans. Catch it tonight at 9/8c on CBS., Here's one great way to get more kids reading. Someone give this man an award., Here's a sneak peek at your kids' next obsession. It's on sale Sept. 14., Today's the perfect day to read ALERT. Don't you agree?, Think Zoo is a wild show? You should hear James Wolk's stories from behind the scenes., Audible has a special offer running on my kids' audiobooks. Each one is just $4.95. Believe me, you'll look forward to your next long road trip if you're listening to one of them., This summer is flying by, isn't it? We're somehow down to the last five episodes of ZOO. Catch the next one tonight at 9/8c on CBS., Just out of curiosity, what's everyone reading these days? Any recent favorites? (Besides ALERT, of course.), If your kids love my Treasure Hunters series, show them this article. Treasure Hunters in Florida found $4.5 million in gold coins. The Kidd siblings would be very proud., Some of my newsletter subscribers recently heard about a deal to save money on TRUTH OR DIE. Don't miss out on these great deals. Sign up for my newsletter, and be sure to select your favorite retailers. www.jamespatterson.com/newsletter/, If you've never listened to an audiobook, I've got 5 good reasons why you should try one out., The dashing star of ZOO, James Wolk, found some of my kids'  books in his wife's classroom library. Those lucky kids have one great teacher. Catch James on your TV tonight at 9/8c on CBS., ALERT is a #1 bestseller on both the New York Times and USA Today bestseller lists. Thanks for giving Detective Michael Bennett such a warm welcome back., Got any pressing questions for me? I'm chatting with Audible next week, so head over to twitter and ask questions using #AskJPKids. If you're not already following me on Twitter, you can find me here: https://twitter.com/JP_Books, One more month until 2015's most hair-raising, adventure-packed book gets published., The rumors are true. There's more Maximum Ride coming your way soon., Thanks to you all, ALERT hit #1 on USA Today's Best-Selling Books list. Like this post if you've already read it. 

http://www.usatoday.com/story/life/books/2015/08/12/james-patterson-alert-hes-no-1/31486933/, The next episode of ZOO airs tonight at 9/8c. Check out a sneak peek of the episode below. The team's got a plan for clearing Jamie's name. #ZooCBS, "If you aren’t reading this series, you should be." Thanks for the great review, Bookreporter. 

http://www.bookreporter.com/reviews/alert-a-michael-bennett-novel, Want to know the secret to a perfect Sunday? Read Detective Michael Bennett's newest case, ALERT., My newsletter sweepstakes is pretty amazing this week: a ZOO script signed by the cast and yours truly. Click below to enter for your chance to win, and why not sign up for my newsletter why you're there?, Here’s a juicy piece from the New York Observer for all James Patterson haters!, More BIG Hollywood news, this time for the kids. Middle School: The Worst Years of My Life is getting made into a movie. Meet Griffin Gluck, your new Rafe Khatchadorian., null, Michael Bennett is finally back., ALERT is out tomorrow, so for today's Sneak Peek Sunday, check out what's in store for Michael Bennett., Are you following me on Instagram? If you tag me in some of your posts, I may just choose you for my next Fan Friday. 

https://instagram.com/jamespattersonbooks/, BIG news from Hollywood. If you're a fan of the Women's Murder Club books, you need to read this: 
http://deadline.com/2015/07/womens-murder-club-series-tony-krantz-james-patterson-usa-1201487151/, Our son, Jack, made this red velvet cake for our anniversary last week.  It tasted even better than it looked., I’m thrilled to announce the list of bookshops who have won grants., Zoo is the summer's #1 new drama. Don't miss the next episode tonight at 9/8c on CBS. Like this post if you plan on watching., It's an honor to say that today is James Patterson Day at Barnes & Noble. Head to your nearest store for some great surprises. If you're near NYC, I'll be at the Union Square location from 2 - 4 p.m. 

http://www.barnesandnoble.com/blog/july-26-james-patterson-day/, null, Every year, I get Sue flowers for our anniversary.  How'd I do this year?, Happy Anniversary, Sue., Head to my Twitter page to participate in my chat with Barnes & Noble: https://twitter.com/jp_books, null, If you're near NYC, come meet me at Barnes & Noble's Union Square location this Sunday, July 26th, from 2 - 4 p.m. Let me know in the comments if I'll see you there., I know about a great deal on my books coming up very soon at a major retailer -- two books for the price of one.

If you want to hear more details, sign up for my newsletter, and be sure to select the stores where you'd like to hear about these kinds of deals. 

http://bit.ly/JPNewsletter, Spotted in Times Square: ZOO. Tune in tonight on CBS at 9/8c., null, Keeping an eye out for the next bestselling author in my MasterClass. I’ll be reviewing student work and answering questions on July 22nd. Sign up for my online class at http://mstr.cl/1c6XQsx, Missed Michael Bennett? You're in luck. For Sneak Peek Sunday, here's a glimpse of chapter 11 of Alert, on sale August 3rd. Have you pre-ordered yet?, Head over to Twitter and ask a question using #BNPattersonChat for a chat I'll be doing with Barnes & Noble this Friday, July 24, at noon ET. https://twitter.com/JP_Books, You know what makes a family road trip fly by? Listening to one of my audio books. Try one out. You can thank me later., Need book ideas for the kids in your life? Well, I've got just the thing for you. Be sure to like ReadKiddoRead for daily recommendations., If you'd like to hear about a Buy One, Get One deal on my books coming up soon, I highly recommend signing up for my newsletter. http://bit.ly/JPNewsletter, James and Nonso are incredibly talented actors. Here's hoping their characters survive tonight's episode of ZOO. Catch it tonight at 9/8c on CBS., The next episode of Zoo airs tomorrow night on CBS at 9/8c. Can't wait that long? Check out this sneak peek., I think Red Boy's getting ideas from ZOO..., null, Ever wanted to ask me a question? Here’s your chance. I’ll be answering questions and reviewing student work in my MasterClass on July 22nd. Sign up at:
http://mstr.cl/1c6XQsx, null, The next episode of ZOO airs tonight on CBS at 9/8c. Check out this sneak peek if you just can't wait that long., Peter Pan inspires me to this day. That's the power of books and education. Please support Malala Fund. #booksnotbullets 

http://community.malala.org/my-birthday-action-booksnotbullets-1233265537.html, If you missed the premiere of ZOO (or you loved it so much you want to watch it again), CBS is re-airing it tonight at 9/8c., null, null, null, I'm live-tweeting the premiere of ZOO on Twitter tonight at 9/8c. Join me: https://twitter.com/JP_Books, I'm donating $500,000 in grants to 127 school libraries, and Scholastic Reading Club will match each dollar with bonus points. And because of the overwhelming response, with more than 28,000 applications so far, I'm increasing my pledge to $1.75 million to help as many schools and students as I can. 

You can view the full list of grant recipients here: http://www.scholastic.com/pattersonpartnership/, In case you missed my appearance on CBS This Morning, you can watch it here: http://www.cbs.com/shows/cbs_this_morning/video/09KaULhblfeqh05lQ1LYxB4SqeaZeToc/author-james-patterson-on-tv-debut-of-zoo-and-giving-back/, Set your alarms and DVRs, and start your morning with the dulcet tones of my voice – better than any cup of coffee. I’ll be on CBS This Morning at 8:40 ET to chat about ZOO, my new books, and my $1.5 million pledge to school libraries., Just finished screening the first episode of ZOO, which premieres tomorrow night at 9/8c on CBS. Let’s just say I’ll be keeping my distance from Red Boy for a while…, null, null, null, null, Enjoyed doing a Q&A with students taking my online writing class. Does this mean I made tenure? It's not too late to sign up: http://mstr.cl/1c6XQsx, EXCLUSIVE behind-the-scenes video of ZOO. Like this post if you're as excited as I am. ZOO premieres Tuesday, June 30th at 9/8c on CBS., "This is one of those stories in which the protagonist hits the ground running and keeps running, moving from danger to discovery and back to danger every few pages. That means it’s going to be a fast-paced, insistent read that keeps you up at night or sees you missing your subway stop as you obsessively turn the page." 
http://www.barnesandnoble.com/blog/five-reasons-we-cant-wait-to-read-pattersons-truth-or-die/, Australian and New Zealand Booksellers – don’t forget to submit your proposal for a $5000 grant to help get children reading. Entries must be submitted before 5pm Tuesday 30 June., Big day tomorrow..., Happy Father's Day! Love, Sue and Jack, null, Here’s a book I helped along in its early stages. It'll make you laugh till you ______ . Daddy Sat On A Duck by Scott M. Cohn, a great Father's Day pick-up., null, One last reminder that I’m going to be in Hartford, CT, tomorrow to benefit the Mark Twain House and Museum. Let me know in the comments if I’ll see you there. 

http://www.museumtix.com/venueinfo/program.aspx?vid=884&pid=148793&eid=2670669&evd=6%2f17%2f2015&evt=19%3a30%3a00&kcd=Y&pvt=mth, There are still tickets available for my event TOMORROW to benefit the Mark Twain House and Museum in Hartford, CT. If you're a fan of mine or Mark Twain's, you'll want to be there. Get tickets here: http://www.museumtix.com/venueinfo/program.aspx?vid=884&pid=148793&eid=2670669&evd=6%2f17%2f2015&evt=19%3a30%3a00&kcd=Y&pvt=mth, Want more writing tips? Take my online MasterClass: http://mstr.cl/1c6XQsx, For Sneak Peek Sunday, here’s the opening of chapter 6 of Truth or Die, on sale June 22nd. As you’re about to see, this one is impossible to put down., It’s not easy to end a beloved series and make everyone happy, but just based on Amazon’s 5-star reviews, I think I did pretty well with Maximum Ride Forever., Let me make shopping for Father’s Day an easy, 2-step process.

Step 1. Click the link below.
Step 2. Purchase Miracle at Augusta for Dad. 

Voila. http://bit.ly/BuyMiracleAtAugusta = Happy Dad., null, Truth or Die is on sale June 22nd. Let me know what you think of the commercial in the comments below., I'll be speaking in Hartford, CT, on June 17th to benefit The Mark Twain House & Museum. If you're in the area, be sure to grab a ticket. You can read more about it here: http://www.connecticutmag.com/Blog/Arts-Entertainment/June-2015/Author-James-Patterson-Coming-to-Hartford-June-17/, Let me introduce you to one of my biggest fans in Australia (and maybe the entire world). I met Louise in Sydney, and she got a tattoo of my autograph. Hope that didn’t hurt too much, Louise., Bookworm, an indie bookseller and grant recipient in Edwards, CO, used part of the grant money to start an online story time, Wiggle Worms. Gather up the kids and check it out. Here’s one featuring a classic kid’s book, Madeline. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aaqh7xK7ZzY, null, null, Father’s Day is fast approaching. If you’re scratching your head over the perfect gift, I’m here to offer a sneak peek of what to buy him. I know for a fact Miracle at Augusta pairs well with breakfast in bed., Interested in reading Private Down Under for $3.99? If you sign up for my newsletter and pick stores where you'd want to get discount offers, there's a very good chance you'll hear about that deal soon. http://bit.ly/JPNewsletter, Maximum Ride Forever is the only written record of the apocalypse: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6oCpMdgZJmc, Want to learn more? Check out my Masterclass: http://mstr.cl/1c6XQsx, Here’s the least shocking headline you’ll read today: Good School Libraries Affect Test Scores. In a positive way, of course.  http://www.wltx.com/story/news/education/2015/05/12/study-finds-the-quality-of-school-libraries-have-a-positive-impact-on-achievement-test-scores/27202395/, If you signed up to hear about special deals on my books from certain retailers, you probably just heard about an awesome deal: get two of my trade paperbacks for just $20. Sign up now so you don’t miss out on any more deals: http://bit.ly/JPNewsletter, “Please give me another book.” Five of the best words a kid could say. Like jimmy patterson to learn how to hear it more often., Want to get your kids to love reading? Like jimmy patterson on Facebook, and you’ll be well on your way., It’s only the beginning for jimmy patterson., One last reminder that TOMORROW is the deadline to nominate your school library for the first round of my pledge to school libraries. Need books? Want to start a reading program? Have a big idea to get kids reading? It takes just a few minutes to help your school. You’ll have another chance to apply very soon, though., What’s different about this imprint is that it has a very simple, clear focus: When a kid finishes a Jimmy book, we want them to then say, “Please give me another book.” 

Read more: http://www.vulture.com/2015/05/james-patterson-quest-to-save-reading.html, Visit http://jimmypatterson.org to learn more about jimmy patterson books., Announcing jimmy patterson books at BEA in New York City!, The mission of jimmy patterson is simply that every kid who finishes a Jimmy Book will say, "Please give me another book." What could be better than that? Read more about my newest initiative to get kids reading: http://www.nytimes.com/2015/05/29/business/media/james-patterson-best-selling-crime-novelist-is-starting-an-imprint-for-childrens-books.html, Watch my page tomorrow. I’ve got some big news…, Thanks to USA Today for picking Truth or Die as one of the hot books for summer. It's on sale June 22nd. http://bit.ly/USATodayTruthOrDie, I’m speaking in Hartford, CT, on June 17th to benefit the Mark Twain House & Museum. If you’re in the area, grab a ticket. Thankfully I have a few weeks to sharpen my Huckleberry Finn impression. http://bit.ly/JPMarkTwainTickets, I’m getting excited for the Zoo premiere on CBS in just about a month. Now you can pick up this special edition paperback of Zoo, which is packed full of photos from the TV production. Animal crackers not included, unfortunately., The first deadline for my school library campaign is less than week away, May 31st. If your school library could use a grant to get kids reading, take a few minutes to nominate it. Be creative. http://www.scholastic.com/pattersonpartnership/, If you’ve finished Maximum Ride Forever, check out Piéra Forde’s review of it. You might recognize her from her Max Ride videos on YouTube. I had the pleasure of meeting her in Sydney and am thrilled she loved Max’s final adventure. Fair warning: this review contains pretty huge spoilers. 

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aCLz1yeYJ3Y, Getting a kick out of reading some of your reviews on Maximum Ride Forever. Looks like the Flock Fandom approves. If you’ve already read it, tell me what you thought of it in the comments., I was honored to contribute to Samantha Schoech’s “Days Like This” and support Indie Bookstore Day. I’ll support indie stores any chance I get. In fact, doesn’t this long Memorial Day weekend seem like a great time to plan an outing to your local bookseller?, Don't just set out to write a book. Set out to write a bestselling book. I want to help you do it. Join my online class: http://mstr.cl/1c6XQsx, People always say the book is better than the movie. In this case, I think the series is going to be better than the book. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Q-sIi0fw8nM, Here's a sneak peek inside my MasterClass. Don't assume that anyone is safe. Want to know why I killed off Jill Bernhardt? Is Alex Cross next? If you want to learn more about how I create the characters in my books, sign up for my online class: http://mstr.cl/1c6XQsx, I flew out to LA to celebrate today's publication of Maximum Ride Forever..., Maximum Ride Forever goes on sale tomorrow, so I want to use this Sneak Peek Sunday to offer a glimpse into what Max has meant to me. 

I’ve been writing kids’ books for 10 years now. I’d wanted to try my hand at writing a fun story for my son, Jack, but it snowballed into so much more than that. Thanks to this series, I discovered my true passion – getting kids to love reading. I began not only writing books for kids, but also creating programs and making pledges to encourage them to love reading. 

It all began a decade ago when I started writing a story about a funny and brave teenage girl with wings., Take my MasterClass. You'll never write or read the same way again. http://mstr.cl/1c6XQsx, Just about two more weeks until the first deadline closes for my $1.5 Million Pledge to school libraries. If your school library could use some money to get more kids reading somehow, nominate it by May 31st. If you can’t nominate your school by then, don’t worry. You’ll have another chance very soon. http://www.scholastic.com/pattersonpartnership/, You might be surprised (or not) to learn that nearly 85% of I Totally Funniest’s Amazon reviewers gave it 5 stars. Here’s how it stacks up against other classic kids’ books., Here's a peek inside my MasterClass. If you're going to kill a character off in the first chapter, here's how you should do it. Take my class: http://mstr.cl/1IhsBbW, There are only a few days left to pre-order Maximum Ride Forever. Want to find a fantastic deal on it? If you’ve signed up for my newsletter, you may have already found one. Luckily, it’s never too late to sign up. In fact, I heard that news about another great deal will be going out very soon. http://bit.ly/JPNewsletter, null, null, SPOILER ALERT: My MasterClass will teach you everything I know about writing a bestseller. Take it now: http://mstr.cl/1c6XQsx, Ever wonder how I beat writer's block, stay motivated, or create characters like Alex Cross and Nana Mama? Want me to teach you how? http://mstr.cl/1c6XQsx, null, Tomorrow, I'm announcing something I've never done before. Stay tuned., Happy Mother’s Day to all you wonderful mothers out there. This Sneak Peek Sunday, taken from chapter 3 of Maximum Ride Forever, features Max hoping her mom is alright:

Just three months ago, this island had been a tropical paradise, a safe haven for dozens of mutant kids like us. That was before some kind of huge meteor had crashed into Earth and killed most everyone on it, as far as we knew. Then the resulting tsunamis arrived to flood our paradise, including the underground caves where the dwellings were.

Where my mom and half sister were.

We’d tried to leave, but the meteor’s impact had devastated everything within immediate flying distance. The neighboring islands? As black and crispy as toasted marshmallows. And part of me couldn’t just leave without some hope that my mom and Ella had somehow survived the floods. But now, with this erupting volcano as a strong motivator, we had to go whether I wanted to or not., The German government heard about my $1 Million Pledge to independent bookstores and decided to model a program after it. The Buchhandelspreis, which translates to the Booksellers’ Prize, is a one million euro effort to help indie bookstores. They’re awarding money to indies that excel at programs supporting reading and literacy throughout 2015. 

Frankly, I couldn’t be more thrilled to see the German government stepping up to the plate to help its bookstores. Maybe now it’s time for the American government to do the same thing., I'm heading to The Book Con on May 31 in NYC. Will you be there?  http://www.thebookcon.com/Tickets/, Here I am with all my 'Aussie mates.' It's been great seeing all the kids today. #PattersonAU, You might be asking yourself, just what is the 14th Deadly Sin exactly? For a clue, check out the commercial for my latest book., If you want to learn more about Maximum Ride Forever, I’ve got the perfect place for you. Here's your one-stop shop to learn all about the new book, the comic book, and the upcoming web series: http://maximumrideforever.com/, Last chance! Grab your tickets to see me interviewed by Ray Martin at Sydney Writers' Festival tomorrow night. #PattersonAU, Here I am with Lisa Wilkinson and Karl Stefanovic on Channel 9's The Today Show talking about my $100,000 pledge to Australia and New Zealand bookshops to help get kids reading. #PattersonAU, As I’m in Australia at the moment I thought I would treat you to a sneak peek of my upcoming book PRIVATE SYDNEY. Available Down Under in August. #PattersonAU, Don’t miss out on seeing me at the The Wheeler Centre for Books, Writing and Ideas tonight. Book your tickets now. #PattersonAU, In this Publishers Weekly piece, I ask one huge question: How do we turn more kids into lifelong readers? I’d love to hear your suggestions, so please let me know in the comments below, or Tweet your thoughts using #getkidsreading. I might even take action on some of the best ideas.

http://bit.ly/HowDoWeGetKidsReading, This guy (Martin Chatterton) and I co-wrote Middle School: Rafe's Aussie Adventure together. Here's us at Dymocks Books! #PattersonAU, I am absolutely thrilled to announce my donation of $100,000 to Australian & NZ bookshops to help get kids reading. #PattersonAU, It’s a momentous day. 14th Deadly Sin, the new Women’s Murder Club book, is on sale, and there are officially two weeks left until Maximum Ride Forever comes out. Like this post if you’re as excited as I am., Excited to be back in Australia after all these years. It was great meeting the team at Penguin Random House. Watch this space for a very special announcement tomorrow. #PattersonAU, For Sneak Peek Sunday, I wanted to give you a peek at the perfect Mother’s Day gift. 14th Deadly Sin goes on sale tomorrow, just in time for next Sunday. Phew!, I hope many of you are planning to venture to your local indie to celebrate Independent Bookstore Day today. And when you’re back home, it’ll be time to watch the Kentucky Derby. My friends Jim and Irene Karp sent me a new photo of their horse, Patterson Cross. Rather dashing, don’t you agree?, I loved Peter Pan when I was a kid. My memory of it actually helped inspire the Maximum Ride series. There’s something about flying and the freedom of it that captures the human imagination. 

Speaking of flying, freedom, and imagination, too many kids in this life are earthbound by a lack of books in their lives.

About 80% of 4th graders from low-income families are not proficient in reading. And we all know what that does to a person’s chances of soaring in this life.

So I’m writing here today because Read to a Child knows a big part of the solution. Read to a Child gets adults to read aloud to children. The fact is that kids who get read to are way more likely to become proficient readers than those that aren’t.

Please help kids in need love to read by making a donation at: http://goo.gl/iYe8jb #readtoachild, This Saturday, May 2, is the inaugural Independent Bookstore Day. There are some great deals going on, and it’s a perfect occasion to plan an outing to your local bookseller. You can find one close to you using this map: http://indiemap.bookweb.org. And if you’re in or near Albuquerque, NM, be sure to say happy birthday to the staff at Bookworks. That fine store (a grant recipient in my $1 Million Pledge to indie bookstores last year) will also be celebrating its 30th anniversary., null, The Self-Destructing Book campaign for Private Vegas won a Webby Award, which I’m told is the Internet's version of an Oscar. Well, in that case, I’d like to take this moment to thank my agent, my family… I’m kidding. But I’m happy the campaign got some well-deserved recognition. Here’s one of the commercials that helped it win a Webby: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PFZK9Yxrlpw, The truth about drop bears is revealed in this trailer for my new book Middle School: Rafe's Aussie Adventure!, null, And this is it now! One local kid said 'Wow!' when he walked in. Now that's the kind of response you want kids to have when they walk into a bookshop!, The Children's Bookshop in Huddersfield used the money they received from my UK Indies fund to redesign their kids section. This is it before. let's call it well-loved...., There are 22 more days until the release of Maximum Ride Forever, and it just so happens to be Sneak Peek Sunday. Here are the tense (redacted) opening lines of chapter 17. Follow the Maximum Ride page for more exclusives., null, null, Voting ends tonight for the Webby Awards, so please consider taking a few seconds to cast your vote for the Self-Destructing Book campaign if you haven’t already. You’ll get to see some pretty cool footage from the campaign.

http://pv.webbyawards.com/2015/interactive-advertising-media/individual/mobile-experience-marketing, null, The response to my pledge to give $1.5 million to school libraries has been overwhelming, and there’s still a lot more time to go before the first round’s deadline on May 31st. If you know a school library in need, please take a few minutes to nominate it: http://www.scholastic.com/pattersonpartnership/, Thanks to the many of you who voted, the Self-Destructing Book campaign is in first place to win a Webby Award. Voting ends Thursday night, though, so please consider taking a few seconds to cast your vote if you haven’t yet. You’ll get to see some pretty cool footage from the campaign. 
http://pv.webbyawards.com/2015/interactive-advertising-media/individual/mobile-experience-marketing, null, For Sneak Peek Sunday, here are the opening lines to chapter 11 of 14th Deadly Sin, out May 4th:

MY EYES OPENED at 3:15 a.m. Maybe the spicy pizza had given me a bad dream. Or maybe I just sensed that Joe was lying beside me with his eyes open.

Either way, I knew something was wrong., Just one more month until MAXIMUM RIDE FOREVER goes on sale. Have you ordered your copy yet? And be sure to follow to the Maximum Ride fan page for more exclusives throughout the next four weeks. http://bit.ly/PreOrderMaximumRideForever, It’s National Library Week, and I wasn’t the only one who had something to say to school librarians. Many of you told me the one thing you would say to them, too, so I collected a few of my favorites., The Today Show picked Miracle at Augusta as the perfect book to jump start the weekend: http://www.today.com/video/today/57249648, In case anyone has ever doubted my cake-baking abilities… http://bit.ly/PattersonKillerCakeRecipe, This article provides a pretty fascinating behind-the-scenes glimpse at what it takes to make a show work in Hollywood. And it’ll get you excited for ZOO, which premieres on CBS on June 30. Believe me, it’s going to be unlike anything you’ve ever seen before. 
http://www.adweek.com/news/television/james-patterson-conquers-hollywood-jungle-164029, As well as announcing a second donation, the winners of the most recent round of grants have also been released - there were lots of really great ideas and I'm excited to see the results! 

Have a look and see if your local bookshop is on the list:
http://www.booksellers.org.uk/Campaigns/jamespattersonlovesbookshops, I'm so pleased to announce that I'm donating another £250,000 to indie bookshops in the UK & Ireland. I have been completely overwhelmed by just how many people have applied for the grants second time round, and yet again have been impressed and enthused by the calibre of the applications. I can’t wait to see what the UK and Ireland’s incredible and pioneering bookshops propose for next year! http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/entertainment-arts-32309273, null, Have you heard of the deadliest animal in Australia? Kids will be on the edge of their seats for this video for my new #book MIDDLE SCHOOL: RAFE’S AUSSIE ADVENTURE, So for those of you in the UK who don't have the sunshine today, grab yourself some sunshine with Private Vegas which is just out in paperback, I hear it's a lovely sunny day in the UK. So if you get some time to hang out in the sunshine today don't forget NYPD Red 3 is just out to keep you entertained. It's such a good read you'd better slap on some sunscreen because you won't want to put it down, If you're an early riser, I'll be on the Golf Channel's "Morning Drive" around 7:40 a.m. ET to talk about Miracle at Augusta., For Sneak Peek Sunday, here's the cover of Alex Cross's newest case, CROSS JUSTICE. It's out November 23rd., Check out episode 3 of the Public School Superhero web series. Stainlezz Steel breaks into a high-security vault to stop a bank robbery in progress. While Steel saves the day, Kenny realizes he may have just totally misjudged some pretty cool guys.

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1JSSYEk7aNA, MAX RIDE: FIRST FLIGHT #1, Marvel’s take on my first YA series, is finally on sale. If Marvel does for Max what they’ve done for Iron Man or X-Men, I’ll be one happy author. Read more about the comic book here: http://www.themarysue.com/interview-max-ride-first-flight/, Hi to all my Australian fans. I’m looking forward to meeting you all soon when I visit Sydney and Melbourne in May. Tickets are selling fast so don’t miss out., My publisher’s Self-Destructing Book ad campaign was nominated for two Webby Awards, which I’m told are like the Oscars of the Internet. Authors rarely get nominated for this sort of thing, so please take a couple moments and consider voting for the campaign at these links. 

Interactive Advertising & Media: Experience Marketing:
http://pv.webbyawards.com/2015/interactive-advertising-media/individual/mobile-experience-marketing

Interactive Advertising & Media: Media & Entertainment:
http://pv.webbyawards.com/2015/interactive-advertising-media/websites-micro-sites-and-rich-media/media-entertainment, null, null, Miracle At Augusta went on sale yesterday. Believe me, it’s next best thing to spending a day on the world’s famous golf course. (You can trust someone who’s gotten five hole-in-ones.) http://bit.ly/MiracleAtAugusta, Tough loss for Wisconsin, but we’re proud to support the Badgers. On, Wisconsin!, Sue and I can’t wait to cheer on Wisconsin (Sue's alma mater) tonight when Coach Ryan and his team take on Duke in the NCAA championship. 

Go Badgers! On, Wisconsin!, For Sneak Peek Sunday, I want to show you my commercial for the novel that’s going to occupy all the time of any golf fans you know this week. Sorry about that. Miracle at Augusta is on sale tomorrow., Evil and villainy lurk around every corner. Fortunately, Union Public School has its own superhero, Stainlezz Steel! Can he uncover the plot and deliver swift justice? https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XI-Le5iszJI, Apparently I was mentioned on a recent episode of Castle. Castle says he has “Patterson Syndrome,” which is what he calls it every time he compares himself to me out of sheer envy. Just kidding around, Richard., null, If you live in South Florida, please tune into your PBS station tonight to watch my documentary, “Murder of a Small Town.” I’m trying to a shine a light on the troubled areas of Pahokee and Belle Glade, and remind everyone that good people live there and hope for a better life. 

http://www.wpbf.com/news/new-james-patterson-documentary-to-shed-light-on-troubled-communities-in-western-palm-beach-county/32107682, null, I’m blown away by the number of parents and teachers who have shared the urgent needs of their community’s school library. It’s clear that our school libraries require critical help. I know we can’t solve the issues overnight, but I hope at the very least we’re able to raise awareness about the important position the school library plays in the educational achievement of children., null, null, For Sneak Peek Sunday, I'm sharing the cover of the next Michael Bennett book, ALERT, not out until August 3rd., Enter Stainlezz Steel, the newest superhero at Union Public School! He's strong, he's fast, and you never know when he might
show up!

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VO4nHW_LknE, Have you signed up for my newsletter yet? It's the first place you'll hear important news about my books, like how NYPD Red 3 and Public School Superhero both hit the New York Times Bestseller list! http://bit.ly/JPNewsletter, null, “I brought a James Patterson novel,” said the University of Wisconsin men’s basketball coach, [Bo Ryan], who explained he was “hoping to stay here a few days.”

Go Badgers! Good luck tonight in the Sweet 16!

Read more: http://host.madison.com/sports/college/basketball/men/badgers-men-s-basketball-uw-rallies-to-beat-michigan-advance/article_23af1776-10ae-5609-a68c-3f8ecfe1b60e.html#ixzz3VQ98fNs0, http://deadline.com/2015/03/anika-noni-rose-cast-for-justice-cbs-civil-rights-drama-pilot-ava-duvernay-1201385906/, null, Thanks for all the birthday wishes.  Jack made this cake for me.  It was delicious —  Black Forest with meringue frosting., For Sneak Peek Sunday, I want to tell you about “Miracle at Augusta,” which comes out April 6. I love playing golf and have even had my fair share of holes-in-one, but I probably couldn’t go pro.  

In “Miracle at Augusta,” Travis McKinley, an unknown amateur golfer, does just that after winning the PGA Senior Open. Despite the fame and success, Travis can’t help but feel like an imposter who’s in over his head. Not all of you like golf, but I have a feeling most of you will love this story of hope and redemption. In fact, when you’re done reading, you’ll probably feel the same way I felt after my last hole-in-one., null, null, I contributed a recipe to The Mystery Writers of America Cookbook, along with writers like Lee Child, Mary Higgins Clark, and Harlan Coben. Now, I may not be known for my cooking skills, but that doesn’t mean I can’t whip up some good eats now and then. Enter the sweepstakes for the chance to win your own copy. http://www.jamespatterson.com/sweepstakes.php, If you know any kids who are reluctant readers, give them a copy of Public School Superhero ASAP. You’ll thank me later., null, Last week, I announced my new initiative to give $1.25 million to school libraries. It’s a great step to get kids reading, but I want to do more. That’s why I’m partnering with First Book to donate 100,000 copies of my new book, Public School Superhero, to students across the country.
http://www.shelf-awareness.com/issue.html?issue=2463#m27742, Time for Sneak Peek Sunday!

NYPD Red 3 hits shelves (and e-readers) TOMORROW. If you can’t wait that long, here’s a little taste of Detectives Zach Jordan and Kyle MacDonald back in action:

“HE WAS CUTE,” Kylie said as she sped downtown on Central Park West.

Kylie is a world-class ballbuster, and I knew she was going to retaliate for my crack about feisty women hogging all the glory. This was her first attempt.

“He was okay,” I said.“Okay? Zach, he was hot. I’d go out with him.”“I don’t know,” I said. “He seems a little young for you. I think you and Jeffrey should at least wait till his skin clears up and his braces come off.”

“I’m talking about Madison, and you know it,” she said. “I’d take the class just to look at those gorgeous blue eyes.”

“Oh, you mean the teacher—Madison? He was freaking adorable,” I said. “Definitely the second cutest guy up there on the roof.”, null, I sat down with Scholastic to answer a few questions about my pledge to give $1.25 million to school libraries. If you want to learn more about why I’m starting this important initiative, you can read the interview here: http://bit.ly/ScholasticPattersonInterview, Go to http://www.scholastic.com/pattersonpartnership/ to nominate your school library to win a grant and Bonus Points from Scholastic Reading Club., null, Go to http://www.scholastic.com/pattersonpartnership/ to nominate your school library to win a grant., http://www.nytimes.com/aponline/2015/03/09/arts/ap-us-books-patterson-libraries.html?_r=0, I couldn’t feel more passionate about getting kids reading, especially kids who could be lost if they don’t achieve competency. It’s what gets me up in the morning and energizes me to do more every day. That’s why I’m thrilled to announce that I’m giving away $1.25 million in grants to school libraries across the country in partnership with Scholastic Reading Club, which will match the grants with bonus points for teachers. 

If your school could use a grant to improve its library, please head to http://scholastic.com/pattersonpartnership to fill out an application. The deadline for the first round of applications is May 31., For this week’s Sneak Peek Sunday, all I can reveal is that you should watch my Facebook page tomorrow. I have some very, very big news., Red Boy wishes you a happy Saturday., EXCLUSIVE FIRST LOOK!

James Patterson’s Max Ride: First Flight #1 ONLY AVAILABLE IF YOU SECURE YOUR COPY TODAY WITH YOUR LOCAL COMIC BOOK SHOP AND NO WHERE ELSE! Once sold out – THEY WILL BE GONE!
 
To secure your copy find a comic shop near you and let them know you want your copy of MAX RIDE: FIRST FLIGHT #1, visit www.comicshoplocator.com or call 1-888-comicbook. 
 
James Patterson and Marvel Comics are proud to present James Patterson’s Max Ride: First Flight #1. This brand new original comic will follow the fast paced adventures of Max, a teenage girl who, due to genetic tampering, is part human and part avian and Marvel Comics is proud to present your EXCLUSIVE FIRST LOOK at Max Ride: First Flight #1 Action Figure Variant on sale April 8th., I love that some of my kid readers have shared the jokes they’ve donated to the I Totally Funniest Joke Drive happening now at Barnes and Noble. Head to your local Barnes & Noble to submit a joke, and I might just feature it on my Facebook page. Here’s one from Instagram user bendonnelly05:

What’s the difference between a guitar and a fish?
You can’t tuna fish., null, WOW! An old friend and painter, Michael Koulermos, surprised me with this portrait of a young man. Give you 3 guesses as to who he is. Thanks, Mike., null, Sneak Peek Sunday!

NYPD Red 3 hits the shelves in just about two weeks. Hopefully this tidbit will tide you over until then. Here's a line from chapter 8:

"One of the life skills that Kylie has never seemed to master is the ability to not gloat. Humility has never been her strong suit, and she took her most recent triumph as yet another opportunity to remind me that she finished first in our class at the academy, while I came in sixth.", Today's the perfect day to head to Barnes & Noble with your kids and donate a joke to the I Totally Funniest Joke Drive. I'd love to hear some of them, so leave their best ones in the comments below., null, http://variety.com/2015/tv/news/phylicia-rashad-cbs-pilot-for-justice-cast-1201442294/, Some indie stores across the country are offering a Buy 2, Get 1 FREE promotion on some of my books. Be sure to visit your local indie ASAP to take advantage of this great deal. Please give them my best., Talking Leaves Books is offering a Buy 2, Get 1 FREE promotion on some of my books. Be sure to visit them ASAP to take advantage of this great deal. Please give them my best., Arcadia Books is offering a Buy 2, Get 1 FREE promotion on some of my books. Be sure to visit them ASAP to take advantage of this great deal. Please give them my best., Saturn Booksellers is offering a Buy 2, Get 1 FREE promotion on some of my books. Be sure to visit them ASAP to take advantage of this great deal. Please give them my best., Prairie Pages is offering a Buy 2, Get 1 FREE promotion on some of my books. Be sure to visit them ASAP to take advantage of this great deal. Please give them my best., Face in a Book is offering a Buy 2, Get 1 FREE promotion on some of my books. Be sure to visit them ASAP to take advantage of this great deal. Please give them my best., The Twig Book Shop is offering a Buy 2, Get 1 FREE promotion on some of my books. Be sure to visit them ASAP to take advantage of this great deal. Please give them my best., The Book Seller is offering a Buy 2, Get 1 FREE promotion on some of my books. Be sure to visit them ASAP to take advantage of this great deal. Please give them my best., Watermark Books is offering a Buy 2, Get 1 FREE promotion on some of my books. Be sure to visit them ASAP to take advantage of this great deal. Please give them my best., Blue Willow Bookshop is offering a Buy 2, Get 1 FREE promotion on some of my books. Be sure to visit them ASAP to take advantage of this great deal. Please give them my best., ReadKiddoRead has reviews on books your kids will love. If you need some good book recommendations to make sure they’re reading, look no further: http://www.readkiddoread.com/, My #1 New York Times bestselling thriller, INVISIBLE, is out today in paperback. Pick up your copy to read the book everyone was talking about last summer., null, SNEAK PEEK SUNDAY!

In 14th Deadly Sin, the Women’s Murder Club is under siege in San Francisco. Here are the opening lines from chapter 4 of the book, on sale May 4: 

“I felt sickened at what I had just seen on the footage. Like Jacobi, I hoped we were looking at holdup guys with a bad sense of humor, not actual police officers pulling off an armed robbery.”, Is your kid the FUNNIEST kid in America? It’s time to find out! Stop by your local Barnes and Noble this weekend to donate a joke to the I Totally Funniest Joke Drive., null, When you sign up for my newsletter, there’s also an option to hear about special offers on my books at multiple retailers. Take advantage of this feature if you usually shop at certain stores – I promise I’ll only email you when there’s an unbeatable deal available. http://bit.ly/JPNewsletter, Spotted in my publisher’s office: Jamie Grimm of I Totally Funniest serving as creative inspiration for a meeting’s brainstorm session. Nice job, Michael Gaudet! (https://www.facebook.com/mcgaudet), Barnes & Noble and I are introducing the world’s first joke drive for kids. 

Please consider the unavoidable facts:

1. Kids who have fun reading read more books. 
2. Kids who laugh out loud while they read are having fun reading.
3. The world needs more readers.
4. The world needs more laughter. 
5. Every single Barnes & Noble (the country’s biggest bookstore, don’t you know) right now has a great way to get kids laughing and reading at the same time.

Please visit your local B&N and check out the I Totally Funniest Joke Drive. Your kid will be given a pencil and a piece of paper on which they can write down a joke, a one-liner—anything that makes them (or you, or their friends) laugh. 

All my best,
JP, null, In my thriller Truth or Die, out June 22, the rules are simple: tell the truth, or die. Here’s a paragraph from chapter 2: 

“Claire unattached herself from me, for lack of a more delicate way to describe it, and reached for ‘the Stopper’ on my bedside table. That was my nickname for it. When it rang, everything else stopped.”, Sue, 

Be my Valentine?

XOXO, 
James, It’s NBA All-Star Weekend, and I had the pleasure to meet a few big basketball stars on the set of ZOO in New Orleans a couple weeks ago. Here I am with the L.A. Clippers’ Spencer Hawes, J.J. Redick, and Blake Griffin., Proud of my 17-year-old, Jack. Publishers Weekly gave his narration in the House of Robots audiobook a glowing review: “ [Jack] gives a heartfelt, animated delivery…the story is charming through reader Patterson’s wonderfully brought-to-life characters.” You can sample Jack’s talents here: http://houseofrobotsaudio.com/, WONDERFUL Hollywood news: Ava DuVernay has signed on to direct the pilot of “For Justice,” which is based on my first novel, “The Thomas Berryman Number.” Ava directed “Selma,” an outstanding movie, so I’m beyond excited to see the work she’ll do for the show. 

http://variety.com/2015/tv/news/ava-duvernay-director-cbs-for-justice-pilot-1201430204/, So pleased to announce the finalists for the 2015 Audie Award for the category Children's Ages 8-12. Congratulations! #Audies2015, Help give new books to the children who need them. Visit http://www.firstbook.org/beinspired to share the magic of storytelling. http://vimeo.com/116566432, Any Google+ users out there? I’ve been updating my page recently, so add me to your circles to keep in touch. http://bit.ly/PattersonGooglePlus, Maximum Ride Forever, the last book in the series, isn’t on sale until May 18, but thanks to Sneak Peek Sunday, you can have a taste of what’s to come: 

“The boulder had obliterated the space where I had just been lying, but beyond that, the top of the volcano was now shooting off a thousand-foot column of liquid fire and smoke.
I gaped, mesmerized, as bright orange lava oozed over the cliff we’d called home for the last three months.”, Jack (just turned 17 today) and his proud pop, null, Be the first to hear about all my new books coming out this year by signing up for my newsletter. Make sure you also select which stores you regularly shop at because I occasionally send out special emails letting you know when there’s a great deal on one of my books. http://bit.ly/JPNewsletter, null, You shouldn't go to New Orleans just for the food, but it sure is something else. Sue and I were in town to visit the set of ZOO, which is filming there for CBS, and on Wednesday night, we ate a fantastic dinner at Emeril's. Sue took this picture of our table right in the kitchen. On Thursday night, we dined at Clancy's, near Tulane University. It’s probably our favorite restaurant in NOLA., I'm trying out something new today: James Patterson's Sneak Peek Sunday. 

For my very first Sneak Peek Sunday, I offer to you the first line of the next Alex Cross book, Cross Justice, which won’t be on sale until November 23, 2015: 

“Leaving the body submerged in the bathtub, Coco entered the enormous walk-in closet wearing black silk panties, elbow-length black gloves, and nothing else.”, Excited to announce ZOO started shooting in New Orleans this week. I met actors James Wolk and Nonso Anozie on set, and I’m telling you now – these guys are going to blow you away., BIG news:
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DyygGUknoSw, What do you think of my stylish jacket in the commercial for Private Vegas?, Kirkus Reviews had some very nice things to say about Public School Superhero, on sale March 31. 

"Adding to the book's charm is a periodic collection of comic-filled pages that help further illustrate Kenny's inner workings as well as present just plain fun superhero stories. A smart and kind story topped with just the right amount of social justice."

http://bit.ly/PublicSchoolSuperheroKirkusReview, null, “The Self-Destructing Book Experience” is still available! The most thrilling reading experience money can buy, only $294,038 #selfdestructingbook, All the digital books have been destroyed. It was really exciting! We thank you for participating. But, don’t panic, the non-self-destructing version of Private Vegas is available now
#privatevegas #selfdestructingbook, The last 10 codes have been released at selfdestructingbook.com Get a code. Read a book like never before #selfdestructingbook #privatevegas, Prepare yourself for a crazy ride. Today is the last day to get your free iPad edition of “Private Vegas.” 73 codes are available now. Now! selfdestructingbook.com  #selfdestructingbook, Order some pizza. Turn off your phone. We’ll kidnap you for 24 hours. Another 84 codes will be released on selfdestructingbook.com. Get your code now! #privatevegas #selfdestructingbook, Missed out on one of the codes released yesterday? Do you have a secret bank account in the Cayman Islands? Buy “The Self-Destructing Book Experience.” An intense journey for those who have an exceptional need for thrill. Only $294,038., Go to selfdestructingbook.com and get a code to download an exclusive iPad edition of “Private Vegas” (completely free!) While you wait for your code, add tension and steal time from those already reading #sneaky #selfdestructingboook, Have a serious need for thrill? A very serious one? The next 61 codes will be released in 2 min and 45 seconds. For a self-destructing iPad version of “Private Vegas”, go to selfdestructingbook.com #privatevegas #selfdestructingbook, Did you know that while waiting for a code on selfdestructingbook.com you can steal time from other’s readers’ timers? Add some tension to their already crazy reading experience!
#selfdestructingbook, During the next 4 days, you can download the most thrilling reading experience ever. Get a code for one of the 1000 self-destructing versions of “Private Vegas.” Available for iPad only. 24 hours of non-stop thrill. Go to selfdestructingbook.com There are 70 codes available now! #selfdestructingbook, Do you have $294,038? Buy “The Self-Destructing Book Experience.” A 24-hour intense journey for those who have an exceptional need for thrill. Or like the company of handsome, badass guys. Check out our video! #privatevegas #selfdestructingbook, What are you doing for the next 24 hours? Go to selfdestructingbook.com and get one of the first 150 codes to download a limited iPad edition of “Private Vegas” (the whole book!) The most extreme reading experience… completely free. Just 24 hours to self-destruction!, It’s time. Welcome to the most thrilling reading experience ever. Welcome to “The Self-Destructing Book.” Two mind-blowing versions. One great story. You’ll have 24 hours to read it before it self-destructs jamespatterson.com #privatevegas #selfdestructingbook, null, Time is ticking. Tomorrow at noon, you’ll get to experience a book like never before. An exclusive limited edition for 1000 thrill-seeking, adrenaline-loving enthusiasts #privatevegas, It’s the final countdown. Three days for the exclusive pre-launch of Private Vegas. Are you ready for an experience that will blow your mind? #privatevegas, You thought my previous books were hard to put down. Get ready for one that will kidnap you for 24 hours non-stop #privatevegas #unputdownable, Every second counts when you’re reading the most thrilling book ever. This exclusive experience will be exciting and crazy. Get ready for a limited edition of Private Vegas! #unputdownable, Are you ready for the most thrilling reading ride of your life? This guy will be involved. It’s coming very, very soon. #privatevegas, null, I’m thrilled to announce that I’ll be visiting Australia in May. To celebrate, Random House Books AU is giving you the chance to win the world’s most thrilling day, worth $1,000., Can my books get even more thrilling? For the launch of Private Vegas, I’m definitely taking them to the next level. Stay tuned, this will be explosive., Get ready. It begins tomorrow., null, This month’s issue of Vanity Fair features a long story on my life and career so far. Check out the article and let me know what you thought of it in the comments below. http://www.vanityfair.com/culture/2015/01/james-patterson-best-selling-author, Check out the new-and-improved ReadKiddoRead website. It’s now easier than ever to find good books for your kids to read. See for yourself: http://readkiddoread.com/, I talked to Time about my favorite book when I was a kid. It even served as inspiration when I first started writing Maximum Ride. Any guesses? http://time.com/3650304/writers-favorite-ya-books/, According to one librarian in Oklahoma, the best way to combat the cold is to cuddle up by a fireplace and read one of my books. More proof that librarians are incredibly smart. http://bit.ly/17nsSu3, null, null, I can’t say too much yet, but be sure to closely watch my Facebook for the next couple of weeks. I’m about to share a pretty thrilling experience with all of you…, Did you miss any of the House of Robots web series episodes? You can find all five of them on the FRED Channel on YouTube. You might want to bookmark that page since your kids will want to watch them over and over again. https://www.youtube.com/user/Fred, Be the first to hear about all my new books coming out in 2015 by signing up for my newsletter. Make sure you also select which stores you regularly shop at because I occasionally send out special emails letting you know when there’s a great deal on one of my books. http://bit.ly/JPNewsletter, Proud of you, Jack. http://www.palmbeachdailynews.com/news/news/local/like-author-like-son-patterson-finds-narrator-in-t/njZHt/, Start off the New Year right with a healthy dose of #Bookology., My grandfather drove a frozen-foods truck in Upstate New York, and sometimes I’d get up at 4 in the morning to ride along with him. Whenever we drove over the mountain to his first delivery, he’d be singing at the top of his lungs. One day, he said to me, “Jim, I don’t care what you do when you grow up. I don’t care if you drive a truck like I do, or if you become the president. Just remember that when you go over the mountain to work in the morning, you’ve got to be singing.” In 2015, I hope you find whatever it is that makes you sing., Another 2014 favorite..., One of my favorite moments from 2014., Sammy's mom in House of Robots may be a fictional professor at Notre Dame's College of Engineering, but Dr. Laurel Riek is the real deal. And as you're about to see, some of the robots in the book aren't too far from existing in real life., Today is the LAST day you can enter the sweepstakes to win your very own robot. If you’re not convinced you need a robot in your life, watch the final episode of the House of Robots web series here. You'll soon think differently., null, Merry Christmas! Hope Santa was good to you., I hope you’ve been good this year so that you wake up to find Alex Cross sitting under your tree., Here’s to more parents and grandparents coming to their senses and giving their kids books—yes, books—for Christmas and other holidays. Here’s to local governments waking up to the fact that bookstores and libraries are essential to our way of life. Here’s to media coverage of books, booksellers, and publishers, and to a wiser, more literate America. Happy holidays to one and all!, null, My 2014 Holiday Picks list is the perfect place to find any last-minute gift ideas for the kids in your life. No matter whether they read voraciously or reluctantly, more advanced or less advanced, I’ve got the perfect recommendations for all ages. You can find the list here: http://readkiddoread.com/blog/holidaypicks2014, If you enjoy reading my Private series, you'll love Mark Sullivan's latest book, Thief. As Booklist said in its starred review, "Sullivan has crafted a remarkable antihero in Monarch, and the mix of action with thought provoking insight into what constitutes good or evil makes this a winner on every level. Fans of the Robert Ludlum Bourne novels or the books Sullivan writes with James Patterson will love this epic tale.", You can watch the fourth episode of the House of Robots web series here. I know the Claymation is mesmerizing, but make sure you grab your kids and watch it with them, too. http://youtu.be/q5BNmVe3nog, Allow my family to entertain yours during your Christmas travels. My son Jack is the narrator for the House of Robots audiobook, and the kid does a great job. You can sample his talents here: http://houseofrobotsaudio.com/, If you’re having trouble with your Christmas shopping, make sure you sign up for my newsletter. I specialize in picking out great gifts, and I’ve got some good ideas that just about anyone on your shopping list will love. http://bit.ly/JPNewsletter, Have you entered for the chance to win a robot from EZ-Robot? What are you waiting for? You realize this thing can be programmed to make your breakfast, right? http://www.jamespatterson.com/robot-sweepstakes/, Thanks Buzzfeed, I pledged to give away $1 million in grants to independent bookstores across the country in 2014, and I’m happy to report that I’ve fulfilled that pledge, with money going to more than 175 stores across 41 states and Washington, D.C. Congratulations to the last round of grant recipients. If you’d like to support one of these fine indie bookstores this holiday season, you can view the list of grant recipients here: http://bit.ly/PattersonIndieGrants, The Lost, the fifth and final book in the Witch & Wizard series, is on sale today. And what do you know, Christmas happens to be just 10 days away. Sounds like the perfect gift for any teens you need to shop for., Have you signed the petition to #SaveOurBooks yet? Just click this link to sign, and afterward, be sure to check your email to verify your signature: http://wh.gov/iCFkq, If your kids can’t get enough of House of Robots, grab them this instant and watch the third episode of the web series: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DyUWOIEI-Lo, BookReporter had some exceptionally good things to say about Hope to Die. “Those who haven’t picked up an Alex Cross book for a while by all means should read Cross My Heart and Hope to Die, both of which demonstrate that Patterson, notwithstanding his prolific ways, retains the ability to surprise, excite and scare the heck out of you.” Read more: http://www.bookreporter.com/reviews/hope-to-die-the-return-of-alex-cross, If you have 20 seconds to spare during your lunch break today, sign the petition to President Obama to #SaveOurBooks. It’s that easy to make a difference. http://wh.gov/iCFkq, null, You can sign the petition to #SaveOurBooks here: http://wh.gov/iCFkq, Follow me on Twitter @JP_Books and let me know you’ve signed the petition to President Obama. I’m doing my best to personally thank everyone who tells me they’ve helped #SaveOurBooks. You can sign the petition here: http://wh.gov/iCFkq, The Reading Agency in the UK are running a Christmas Mini Reading Challenge over the holidays. As well as reading some great books, kids can take part in a House of Robots inspired competition to design their own robot!

http://summerreadingchallenge.org.uk/competition/design-your-own-robot, Have you signed the petition yet? Written to your politicians? Spread the word to your friends? It only takes 90 seconds to #SaveOurBooks on JamesPatterson.com. If you've only got 20 seconds to spare, sign the petition to President Obama: http://wh.gov/iCFkq, This week's #Bookology post is all about The Wizard of Oz., Take 20 seconds to tell President Obama to #SaveOurBooks. Sign the petition and share this post with your friends to spread the word. Here's the link to sign: http://wh.gov/iCFkq. Be sure to check your email afterward so you can verify your signature. Otherwise, it won't be counted., If your kids can't get enough of House of Robots, they'll love episode 2 of the web series. Living in a house full of robots isn't nearly as fun as it sounds. bit.ly/HouseOfRobotsEpisode2, I’ve got some BIG news for you. You can build your own House of Robots. Enter for a chance to win a JD Revolution Robot from EZ-Robot.com. http://jamespatterson.com/robot-sweepstakes, One of my young readers, Trace, loved House of Robots so much that he made this book trailer for it. Good job, Trace., Take 20 seconds during your lunch break today to #SaveOurBooks. Sign the petition to President Obama here: http://wh.gov/iCFkq. Make sure you verify your signature in the confirmation email We The People will send once you sign., My new book, House of Robots came out in the UK yesterday. 

Check out this great animation and be sure to come back for episode 2 next Wednesday!

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qEpsJE9HNLs&list=PLC9XXoFSuEujxHYVNjavCEUH0bdgtd00g&index=1, Have you signed the petition to President Obama yet? Make sure you verify your signature by checking your inbox for an email from We The People and clicking the link inside the message. Otherwise, your signature won't count. Take 20 seconds to #SaveOurBooks. Click here to sign: http://wh.gov/iCFkq, Thanks to you, both Hope to Die and House of Robots hit #1 on the New York Times bestseller list this week. If you haven't gotten your copies yet, you can order them here: http://bit.ly/BooksByPatterson, Hi NZ readers! I’m going to be in Sydney in May 2015, and if you buy a copy of Hope to Die, you could win a family trip to meet me there. For details on how to enter, visit www.jamespatterson.co.nz., If you've signed the petition to President Obama to #SaveOurBooks, share this post with your friends. If you haven't signed yet, you can do so here: http://wh.gov/iCFkq, President Obama made national news this weekend simply because he went to a bookstore and bought some books. This is exactly why it’s so important that you sign the petition to him to #SaveOurBooks. If people, especially kids, saw someone as important as him visiting bookstores and holding books just once a month, they might actually start to read more of them. http://wh.gov/iCFkq, Have any of you finished Hope to Die yet? Tell me in the comments what you thought of it. Better yet, leave me a review on Goodreads.com, Amazon.com, or BN.com., Living with a bunch of robots isn’t all it's cracked up to be. Check out the first episode of the new animated series HOUSE OF ROBOTS, based on my new book! https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-k4uAebMCsA, We can stop the book burning., Alex Cross didn't have the easiest start to his career., Have you signed the petition yet? Ask President Obama to take the pledge to draw awareness to the importance of reading. It will take 20 seconds of your time. http://wh.gov/iCFkq, Visit JamesPatterson.com and take 90 seconds to #SaveOurBooks. Sign the petition to President Obama. Write to your politicians. Spread the word to your friends. Learn what else I’m doing to help., For anyone looking for a great read this weekend, there's a good Black Friday offer on the Private Berlin ebook at the link below

https://itunes.apple.com/gb/book/private-berlin/id582690081?mt=11, If you’re picking up my books during the Black Friday sales, follow me on Instagram and show off your haul. Remember to tag me in the picture. http://instagram.com/jamespattersonbooks, We can #SaveOurBooks by getting kids to love reading. Go to JamesPatterson.com/save-our-books to learn more., From my family to yours, Happy Thanksgiving., Today my UK publishers have been marking Thanksgiving and celebrating my Independent Bookshop Fund in the UK. 

Check out the bunting!

Do encourage your local bookshop to apply for a grant here:
http://www.booksellers.org.uk/Campaigns/jamespattersonlovesbookshops, If there’s a positive message about what’s happening in Ferguson, maybe it’s the recognition of the importance of libraries. The Ferguson Municipal Public Library stayed open when all the schools were closed, and it became a safe haven for families and children with nowhere to go. Now, people are rallying around it and donating money that will help fund better children’s programs. Libraries can save lives, which is all the more reason why we need to #SaveOurBooks. If you agree, and I hope you do, please visit JamesPatterson.com and find out how you can help., FACT: The average American teenager watches more than three hours of video entertainment a day...And reads books for less than eight minutes a week. It's time to #SaveOurBooks. Go to jamespatterson.com to find out how., It's time to stop the book burning. Watch my interview on Morning Joe and take 90 seconds to #SaveOurBooks. http://bit.ly/PattersonMorningJoe, It's time to #SaveOurBooks. http://youtu.be/JkkVPJBkvqA, It's time to #SaveOurBooks. Have you signed the petition to President Obama yet? We need to get 100,000 signatures in 30 days. http://wh.gov/iCFkq, I'll be on MSNBC's Morning Joe tomorrow morning at 8:45 and then CNN International at 9:45 to launch a campaign to save books. Please tune in and see how you can help., I was on the TODAY Show this morning to talk about my new books, Hope to Die and House of Robots. I also revealed the big secret behind my co-writing process. Here's the video if you missed it:
http://www.today.com/video/today/56489036, Did you catch me on the TODAY Show this morning? Always a pleasure to see Al Roker., Get your Monday off to a good start. I'll be on the TODAY show in the 9 a.m. hour., Proud of you, Sue. http://www.palmbeachdailynews.com/news/news/local/sue-pattersons-photos-for-husbands-glades-document/nh8PH/, If you’re a morning person, watch me on the TODAY Show tomorrow in the 9 a.m hour. If you’re not a morning person, tune in anyway and allow the dulcet tones of my voice to wake you up. I’ll be talking about my newest books, Hope to Die and House of Robots, on sale tomorrow., Did any of you know this?, Next week, I’m launching a campaign to save books, and I’m going to need your help. Click here to read more about why I’m taking action and what we’re going to do. http://bit.ly/PattersonSalonArticle, Doesn’t living with a bunch of robots sound AWESOME? Well, it isn’t all it's cracked up to be. Check out the trailer for the new animated series HOUSE OF ROBOTS, based on my upcoming book! Coming to the FRED Channel on YouTube November 28! http://youtu.be/mlBvicXJ8BE, Are you signed up for my newsletter yet? I’ve got some huge announcements coming up. HUGE. (They might have to do with Black Friday deals on my books.) Don’t miss out: http://bit.ly/JPNewsletter, null, Allow me to introduce the Breakfastinator, one of the many wacky robots featured in House of Robots. With the punch of one button, cereal tumbles into a bowl, which slides down to the banana slicer, shuffles off to the milk squirter, scoots over to the sugar sprinkler, and voila! Breakfast is served., MIT made a robotic cheetah. I repeat, a robotic cheetah. House of Robots features a robotic dog, McFetch, but I’m not sure he can run this fast. http://bit.ly/RobotCheetah, The CEO of EZ Robot (you know, the company that makes robots that can make breakfast) is a pretty smart guy. Listen to him talk about his favorite books to read as a kid. I bet House of Robots would be on his list if I’d been writing kids’ books back then., null, Eight more days until the return of Alex Cross..., Now that you can pre-order books again on Amazon, make sure you get a copy of House of Robots. Have you ever seen a robot make breakfast? It's worth a watch. http://bit.ly/HouseOfRobotsAmazon, My new book, House of Robots, takes place in South Bend, Indiana, the home of the University of Notre Dame. It features some cool illustrations of a robot football tournament at Notre Dame, but here’s the thing – robot football is real. Take a look at this video: http://youtu.be/b5ExNWoeMbg?t=24s, Beep beep. Read House of Robots. Beep beep. James Patterson is a funny human. Beep beep., Here's a great gift idea for a great cause: Make a loved one a character in my upcoming book. Click on the link to place your bids. http://www.ifonly.com/kidney, Good news, Alex Cross fans: You can finally pre-order my books again on Amazon. Click here to pre-order Hope to Die: http://bit.ly/HopeToDieAmazon, Black Friday is coming up, and my newsletter will be one of the best ways to find out about great deals on my books. You can even sign up to hear about discounts from your favorite retailers. Click here to sign up: http://bit.ly/JPNewsletter, Private India: City on Fire in on sale today. You must check out this trailer made by my co-writer extraordinaire Ashwin Sanghi. http://bit.ly/PrivateIndiaTrailer, The first book in the brand new House of Robots series is out soon!

Parents in Touch called it "a fabulous read with great characters".

http://www.parentsintouch.co.uk/Book-reviews-fiction-5-to-11-page-8, Did you know this about Nana Mama?, null, Have you ever seen a robot make breakfast? Didn’t think so. Grab your book-loving kids right now and watch this: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=988Vk0Nn2Z8, Movie Review: Keanu Reeves is definitely a movie star, but I don’t entirely get his choice of roles., EZ-Robot is a robotics company that makes science fun for kids, and I’m doing the same thing with my new book, House of Robots. You might even see me dressed up as a robot soon. Stay tuned. http://youtu.be/3E54RWSDKRg, null, null, Alex Cross is fighting back. The end-game has begun!, Less than 20 days until you’ll find out what happens to Alex Cross and his family in Hope to Die. Until then, let’s take a closer look at Alex., Barnes & Noble just posted its holiday gift guide. As the store so kindly says, I have books out there for every reader, including teenagers. (And you did hear that Maximum Ride is coming back next year, right?) http://bit.ly/PattersonBarnesandNoble, Imagine a world where 1.4 million people don’t have access to a bookstore. That nearly happened in the Bronx. The only remaining bookstore, a Barnes & Noble, almost had to close over a rent dispute, but luckily, it’s staying open for now. The new agreement only lasts for two years, so this battle might not be over. http://bit.ly/BronxBookstore, Care to hazard a guess? The answer might surprise you. (Or not.), Movie Review: Smart writer-director lashing out forward, backward, sideways, up, and down. Can’t say that I blame him, but I'm not sure it will do any good., null, BURN is on the New York Times bestseller list, and people are showing it a lot of love. Some of you sure know how to make this author’s cheeks burn., Have you read Cross My Heart yet? Not too long until Hope to Die is out. Can you guess what happens....?, My publisher moved to a new office last week, and I Funny got its own pillar featuring one of my favorite quotes: “I guess you could say I try to see the funny side of any situation. You should try it sometime. It makes life a lot more interesting.”, Ever wanted to be a character in one of my books? Here’s your chance. I’m auctioning a character name for one of my upcoming books to support the National Kidney Foundation. Please consider supporting this great cause. http://www.ifonly.com/kidney, I get Sue orchids for her birthday every year. How'd I do this year?, null, My books are known for their twists and turns, but this takes it to a whole new level. Thanks for sharing, Debbie Wright!, School Library Journal reviewed the audio edition of Homeroom Diaries and called it hilarious and heartbreaking. Couldn’t have said it better myself, SLJ., Just one more month until Alex Cross returns. http://bit.ly/PattersonHopeToDie, New Store Alert! Upshur Street Books is opening next week in Washington, D.C. It’s going to have a big children’s section with sing-alongs and story hours. Washington, D.C.? Maybe Alex Cross will make an appearance., null, TODAY is the perfect day to read Confessions: The Paris Mysteries. And based off some reviews I've read, you'll probably finish it one hair-raising sitting. http://bit.ly/ConfessionsTheParisMysteries, CBS has optioned my very first book, The Thomas Berryman Number, for a TV put pilot. That’s Hollywood-talk meaning they’ll air a test episode, and depending on how it does in ratings, they might turn it into a full season. http://bit.ly/ThomasBerryman, I had the privilege to speak to students at PS 347 in New York City. Some of them had received copies of my Middle School books as part of my donation to NYC schools. Of course, I couldn’t leave there without getting a silly picture with all the kids., I’m looking forward to seeing Max get the superhero treatment from Marvel. They have license to change the story around, and I’d love to see them do for Max what they’ve done for Iron Man. http://bit.ly/MaxRideMarvel, Have you picked up a copy of Confessions: The Paris Mysteries? Fans love it, and it's a New York Times bestseller this week. Thanks to Diana and PrettyLittleBibliophile for the kind words. http://bit.ly/ConfessionsTheParisMysteries, Looked like the perfect day for an outdoor “Save Rafe” party at the Fairfield University Bookstore in Fairfield, Connecticut., I appeared on Fox & Friends yesterday to talk about my book donations to wounded veterans, but little did I know it would also serve as my audition to be a news anchor. Reading off a teleprompter is pretty fun, especially when you have to ad-lib about an obvious mistake in the copy. (I didn't write The Notebook.) http://bit.ly/JPonFoxandFriends, Twig Book Shop' s “Save Rafe” party showcased some pretty outstanding artistic ability in San Antonio, Texas, Balloons make everything better, as the “Save Rafe” party at Eighth Day Books in Wichita, Kansas clearly demonstrates., Turn on Fox & Friends tomorrow at 6:50 a.m. eastern time to catch a very special guest. (Hint: It’s me.), Now for the “Save Rafe” party at Devaney Doak & Garrett Booksellers in Farmington, Maine, where the kids took their crafting very seriously., Forum Books Kids in Northumberland held a Books are my Bag Bookshop party on Saturday - what a brilliant window display!

They were one of the indies granted money in the first round of UK grants and are planning on using the money to develop the garden behind the bookshop into an oasis for reading, as well as launch a book club for local youngsters., Indie bookstores all across the country threw “Save Rafe” parties this summer, and I’m going to feature some of my favorite pictures from them over the next few days. First up, just look at all those happy faces at the “Save Rafe” party at Dog Ears Bookstore & Cafe in Buffalo, New York., null, Calling all UK fans...

We have three limited edition Middle School Books Are My Bag rucksacks (as modelled by Kayson Parker at Hayling Island Books) to giveaway!

To enter just like or comment on this post before midday on Monday 13th October 2014. Only available to those in the UK., James Patterson fans in New York at #NYCC: Be sure to head to Marvel’s Cup O’ Joe Panel at COMIC CON at 12:45 for BIG JAMES PATTERSON News!, Check out the UK trailer for Save Rafe! here:

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZAlXZBz26ew, Let me be your personal tour guide around Paris. Follow the Confessions of a Murder Suspect page to see the Eiffel Tower, the Louvre, the Champs-Elysées, and more of the sights Tandy explores in Confessions: The Paris Mysteries., Cross My Heart PB has just published in the UK. If you haven't read it yet, check out the official trailer here http://bit.ly/1rkRHsC, James Patterson fans in New York at #NYCC: Be sure to head to Marvel’s Cup O’ Joe Panel at COMIC CON at 12:45 for BIG JAMES PATTERSON News!, UK fans!

Check out this extract from the Save Rafe! audio book, read by Bryan Kennedy.

https://soundcloud.com/#penguin-books/middle-school-save-rafe-by-james-patterson-audiobook-extract-read-by-bryan-kennedy-1, I want to hear from some of the people who helped BURN hit #1 on the New York Times bestseller list. Leave a comment below telling me what you thought of Michael Bennett’s latest case., UK fans!

Looking for something for your kids to read over October half-term? The newest Middle School adventure Save Rafe! is out today!, I’m a big fan of Madison – Sue went to UW and says, “Go Badgers!” – so I was touched to receive this thank-you card from the Madison community for giving a grant to Mystery to Me, a local indie bookstore. You are very welcome, my friends., Far From The Madding Crowd in Linlithgow received a grant to transform this storeroom into a cosy, storytelling hub. Work starts now!
Follow their progress at http://www.maddingcrowdlinlithgow.co.uk/, I love talking to kids about books. At Malaprop's Bookstore/Cafe in Asheville, NC, 25 kids got a special Golden Ticket to skip to the front of the line to meet me. I was more excited than they were., Another UK bookshop to receive a grant was The Dartmouth Community Bookshop. They are using the money to create a new, bigger children's space with new shelves and seating. 

http://www.dartmouth-today.co.uk/news.cfm?id=10231&headline=Author%E2%80%99s%20grant%20boosts%20community%20bookshop, Explore the dark side of the City of Lights. Confessions: The Paris Mysteries is out today. http://bit.ly/ConfessionsParisMysteries, Burrows Bookshop in Ely are another shop to receive a grant and they plan to use it to fund a reading project designed to encourage youngsters to get into literature!

http://www.elystandard.co.uk/news/burrows_bookshop_receives_grant_from_top_international_author_1_3792893, Writing never feels like work to me, so writing Confessions: The Paris Mysteries felt like a dream vacation back in the City of Lights. My time in Paris involved a lot less murder and scandal, though. Confessions of a Murder Suspect, Congratulations to Heather Cowley, the winner of the Homeroom Diaries "Join the Freakshow" contest. You fit right in with Cuckoo and the gang. That’s a good thing, by the way., Flipboard, a very cool website, has created a virtual magazine about yours truly. If you’d like to read it (or, perhaps, just stare into some devastatingly handsome blue eyes) head on over to http://flip.it/owZcw, null, Last weekend, Sue and I were honored on the field at the University of Wisconsin-Madison football game -- receiving the prestigious Van Hise award from Chancellor Rebecca Blank. It was truly an emotional and wonderful experience of 'bucket list' proportions for our family. #GoBadgers  #OnWisconsin!, Yesterday BBC Look East TV visited one of the six indies in their area chosen to receive a grant, Red Lion Books in Colchester. 

They are going to use their well deserved grant to revamp their children's section!, Curious as to how Alex Cross and Jack Morgan came to be? Want to know what I do when I’m writing a chapter and I get stuck?  Wonder what my thoughts on ebooks are? Go read my interview with Flipboard’s Red Couch and then come back here to comment and let me know what your favorite part was. http://inside.flipboard.com/2014/10/01/on-the-red-couch-with-author-james-patterson/
 , #TBT Here’s the very first commercial for Confessions of a Murder Suspect. Tandy Angel’s come a long way since then. All the way to Paris, in fact. http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zZIASRIF1RQ, Mystery to Me, an indie bookstore in Madison, WI, received a grant as part of my Million Dollar Pledge to Booksellers. Joanne Berg, the owner, told the local paper in May that she was going to have someone design and build bookcases to better display kids’ books. I’d say that’s a job well done, Joanne., I penciled an essay for “Open a World of Possible,” a free eBook that’s part of Scholastic’s new movement to promote literacy and get kids reading. You can download it here: http://www.scholastic.com/worldofpossible/, I've just received some pictures from one of the UK Independents who has won money in the first round of my giveaway. 

They are from Octavia Karavla, who opened her specialist children's bookshop, Octavia's Bookshop, in 2011.The shop won Children's Independent Bookseller of the Year in 2013 and Octavia asked for a grant to be able to buy a van so that she can visit more schools (she already works with an impressive 36!) to do literacy assemblies and work with their libraries. But first she has to learn to drive so here she is starting her lessons!, Who’s the better detective: Michael Bennett or Alex Cross? Like this post for Alex Cross, or share it for Michael Bennett. Then pick up a copy of BURN and decide for yourself. It’s out today. http://bit.ly/BurnbyPatterson, null, It is my privilege to do what I can to thank our troops for all of their sacrifices: http://bit.ly/JPBookDonation, Uk fans! 

BBC Oxford News have visited one of the indies in their area chosen to receive a grant, Jaffé and Neale. Patrick Neale is interviewed about 4:45 minutes in. 

http://www.bbc.co.uk/iplayer/episode/b04htpqc/bbc-oxford-news-25092014, Sometimes I even surprise myself with the crimes I come up with. BURN might be my most twisted thriller yet: http://bit.ly/BurnbyPatterson, The Maze Runner: Strong performances and directing, but the story keeps charging forward to a rather unsatisfying ending. B-, Good news: United came through for Jack. Fly the friendly skies., I have just received some exciting photos from my UK publishers of the Rafe 'Books are my Bag' rucksack! 

The bags are modelled by Rose at Newham Books, Kayson Parker at the Hayling Island Bookshop and a Middle School fan at the Kew Bookshop. Thanks to all the bookshops for sending us their photos.

UK fans get down to your local store in October to get your hands on one!, Some fans on my Twitter page were arguing about who's better: Alex Cross, Michael Bennett, or Lindsay Boxer. I can't pick a favorite, but follow me on Twitter to tell me what you think. I'll retweet some of my favorite answers. https://twitter.com/JP_Books, I'm really pleased to announce the first round of successful applicants for my Indies Grants in the UK. I have been completely overwhelmed by just how many people have applied for the grants and impressed and enthused by the calibre of the applications. It’s been a very difficult decision process and I have worked to identify independent bookshops for whom this money may make a difference. I’m excited to follow their progress and see the proposed ideas in action. Check out the list of bookshops here if you want to know if your local shop has been awarded a grant http://bit.ly/1v2w8Tw , I'm celebrating Banned Books Week by giving away 10 copies of Cradle and All, which appeared on the the banned books list in 2007 after it was removed from a New York high school's reading list. Click here to enter to win a copy: http://bit.ly/CradleAndAll, Get your kids excited about reading by giving them a copy of Treasure Hunters: Danger Down the Nile. It worked pretty well for this parent., UK fans! Here's a sneak peek of what Rafe is up against in the newest Middle School book Save Rafe - out 9th October!, Want to find a good deal on Alex Cross and Michael Bennett at your favorite store? You can sign up for special store-specific newsletters to find great deals on my books, like the one Walmart has for all of September. http://bit.ly/JPNewsletter, I filmed a pilot for a kids’ variety show a few weeks ago, and it’s not like anything that’s on TV right now. It focuses on the joy of arts like books, movies, ballet, and painting, but not in a serious way. More in a “Sure, I’ll take a pie to the face” sort of way., Our friends' horse, Patterson Cross, is now at Holly Hill training center learning to be a race horse.  We're really looking forward to seeing him in action. (Thanks, Jim & Irene Karp!), Calling all UK fans.Apple iOS8 is here and to celebrate you can download NYPD Red for £1.99 from the iBookstore. , It's #FanFriday on my Instagram account. Congrats to Leah and Helen for being the first fans featured. Does anyone else have collections this impressive? Tag me on Instagram, and you could be featured next. http://instagram.com/jamespattersonbooks, Juicy news: If you have an Apple device, you can read PRIVATE for free in iBooks. http://tw.apple.com/greatfreebooks, I recently read The Young World by Chris Weitz, who directed The Twilight Saga’s New Moon and The Golden Compass. The Young World is populated with characters you won’t forget and has a story as fresh and urgent as Divergent.
http://theyoungworld.com/books, The sixth book in the Middle School lands in the UK on 9th October! If I tell you it's called Save Rafe! and the cover looks like this, what kind of trouble do you think Rafe gets into this time?, Visit ReadKiddoRead to help your kids become better thinkers., Have you seen my commercial for Burn, the newest Michael Bennett book? REMEMBER: Hydrate while reading this book. http://bit.ly/BurnCommercial, null, The Hole-In-One Story:
I married a very competitive woman in Sue Patterson. All-American Swimmer, Rock Star Mom, and Great Golfer. Except now I’ve got her in golf. You see, folks, we had a little challenge going at the beginning of last year. She had 4 holes-in-one; I only had 3. I’ll take this moment to stress how rare holes-in-one are. Even some really good golfers have never gotten one. So when I say I “only” had 3 holes-in-one, you’ll understand just how competitive she is. On February 6th, I got my fourth, bringing us to a tie. Two short days later, I got hole-in-one #5. Does she hug me? No. Does she congratulate me? No. She turns to me and says, “You’ve got to be s**tting me!”, Happy Belated Birthday to book lover, library supporter, and my biggest fan, Sadie Rosenkrantz, who just turned 104 years young. It's such an honor to know I'm your favorite author. Thank you. 
http://bit.ly/JPFanIs104
, It was a pleasure to speak in Winston-Salem last week. I especially enjoyed the surprise appearance from Stephen King. Read here for more about the event: http://bit.ly/JPinWinstonSalem, Want to be a character in one of my novels and help a good cause? Head to Charitybuzz and place your bids through September 16 to raise funds for Chris Evert Charities! http://chrty.bz/1p92d4R, I spoke at the Bookmarks Festival of Books and Authors last week, and a 13-year-old asked me for some advice. 

“I’m a reader, but I’m also an aspiring writer, but I find that I fall off at about the page-20 mark. What should I do to get past that?”

 My response? “Write page 21.” 

(Photo by Glessner Photography), Quick: after graduating high school, where did I work the graveyard shift? To find the answer to that question and to learn more about me and my career, head on over to Winston-Salem Journal and read the interview I did with them last week! bit.ly/1u0VZuw, There are two major perks to me being Walmart’s “Customer Favorite” featured author for the month of September: 
1) You can get over 50 of my titles anywhere from 20%-40% off. 
2) I get to spend all of September boasting that I’m the “Customer Favorite” featured author. 

Click here to see what I’m talking about: http://goo.gl/3QsNEB
, I’m going to share one of the coolest hole-in-one stories you’ve ever heard. I’m making you wait a few days, though. It’s that good., I golf some mornings for about an hour and a half. It’s the one thing I can do to turn off the writing in my brain for a little bit. I’m either swinging a club or thinking up the next way to torture Alex Cross., Calvary -- A very good movie about a very good priest. Imagine that. Brendan Gleeson, as always, is amazing. A-, If you haven’t read the Kirkus review of Treasure Hunters: Danger Down the Nile, I’m ashamed of you. Ashamed, I say.

http://bit.ly/THkirkusreview, I'll be at Malaprop’s bookstore in Asheville, North Carolina tonight! Join me in toasting to their amazing success: http://bit.ly/MalapropsEvent, Just searched myself on Instagram and saw I’m featured in more than 30,000 pictures from all around the world. Amazing. Join me on Instagram and post pictures of your favorite books using hash tag #jamespatterson. http://instagram.com/jamespattersonbooks, You say you can’t get your children and grandchildren reading.  Well whose fault is that? Read the Kirkus review of Treasure Hunters: Danger Down the Nile.  Then get the book for your kids.  Please and thank you. http://bit.ly/THkirkusreview, You might not know that I read the reviews you post about my books, and sometimes, I’m tickled pink by the nice things people write about them. Thanks for the great review of Homeroom Diaries, Sheila! http://bit.ly/HomeroomDiaries, If you have children, or grandchildren, or were ever a child yourself, you must read the Kirkus review of Treasure Hunters: Danger Down the Nile.  Must.

http://bit.ly/THkirkusreview, Can’t believe it has taken me this long to visit Winston-Salem, birthplace of both Alex Cross and Krispy Kreme. I’m here now, though, ready to kick off the Bookmarks’ 2014 Festival of Books and I’ve got the donut to prove it. In the meantime, why don’t you check out this interview I did with Winston-Salem Journal: bit.ly/1u0VZuw , Fans in Winston-Salem, it’s time to celebrate Bookmarks’ 2014 Festival of Books. I’ll be kicking off the event at RJ Reynolds Auditorium tonight. More information here: http://www.brownpapertickets.com/event/777353, Australian & New Zealand fans! It’s your last chance to Spot the Evidence to win! Entries close midnight Friday., Meet the adventurous siblings who star in Treasure Hunters: Danger Down the Nile. And yep, you guessed it, folks – I posed for the Tommy illustrations. http://bit.ly/OrderTH2, Young women from New York's most exclusive neighbourhoods are being murdered, and the police aren't looking for answers in the right place. Enter Tandy Angel...., The first Treasure Hunters book allowed me to live out my dream of getting lost on the high seas, and its sequel, Treasure Hunters: Danger Down the Nile, was even more fun to write. Have you ever wondered what it’d be like to fight a hippo? Because I have, and (spoiler alert) the hippo loses. http://bit.ly/OrderTH2, Are your kids ready for an adventure? Get them Treasure Hunters: Danger Down the Nile, on sale today, and they’ll be raiding ancient tombs, fighting swashbuckling pirates, and fending off hippos and alligators in no time. http://bit.ly/OrderTH2, They're sworn to protect and serve New York's rich and famous. Kylie and Zach are back in NYPD Red 2!, I've been hinting at this for a while, but it's finally official: Maximum Ride Forever, out on 1/19/15. http://bit.ly/1tbatHG, Clear your schedules, North Carolina. I’m coming to Asheville and Winston-Salem for a few events and want to see you there. Click here for more details: http://bit.ly/PattersonCalendar, Nine nights, nine bodies. It's a festival of murder in Mumbai!, Back-to-school supply list: pencils, notebooks, folders, and a copy of Treasure Hunters: Danger Down the Nile. Sounds like it’s going to be a good year. http://bit.ly/PreOrderTH2, WARNING! If your kids don’t like pirates, villains, lost treasure, chases, and very cool kids, then definitely don’t buy them Treasure Hunters: Danger Down the Nile. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QZ8rurqL2p4
, Ever wanted to go to Australia? I can help you get there – for a fraction of the cost. Private Down Under comes out today. All of the excitement of travel, with none of the jet lag or empty wallets. http://bit.ly/PrivateDownUnder, Australian fans! Spot the evidence in the quickest time to win 1 of 5 iPads loaded with PRIVATE INDIA! Play detective now > http://bit.ly/VOGPL7, I gave Malaprop’s bookstore in Asheville, North Carolina a grant as part of my $1 Million Pledge to Booksellers, and look what they’ve done with the place -- new carpet for the kiddos! Join me on September 6th to toast to their amazing success: http://bit.ly/MalapropsEvent, Fans in Winston-Salem, it’s time to celebrate Bookmarks’ 2014 Festival of Books. I’ll be kicking off the event at RJ Reynolds Auditorium on September 4th. Get your tickets here before they sell out: http://www.brownpapertickets.com/event/777353, Not too many people know this, but I was the original Don Draper. Check out my interview in Parade Magazine to learn some other tidbits about me: http://bit.ly/ParadeInterview, Do you like saving money? Thought so. I'm sending out a newsletter TODAY telling you where you can get Treasure Hunters: Danger Down the Nile at 50% off. Sign up here ASAP: http://bit.ly/JPNewsletter, Here’s a great article from the Asheville Citizen-Times about my appearance at the Authors for Literacy Dinner on September 5th. Literacy is very important (it’s the reason you’re reading this post, after all), so I’d love your support for this great cause: http://bit.ly/PattersoninAsheville, Do you live near Asheville, North Carolina? Do you want to meet me? Are you nodding frantically right now? I’m the keynote speaker at the Authors for Literacy Dinner and Silent Auction on September 5th and would love to see you there: http://www.litcouncil.com/authors2014.htm, When your kids aren’t laughing during Treasure Hunters: Danger Down the Nile (on sale 9/1), they’ll be silently absorbed in the adventure. And what sounds better than that? http://bit.ly/PreOrderTH2, Red Alert! Make sure to sign up for my newsletter ASAP. I’m sending one soon that tells you where you can pre-order Treasure Hunters: Danger Down the Nile for just $7.49. http://bit.ly/JPNewsletter, Thanks to Walter Scott at Parade Magazine for interviewing me about my kids’ books, especially Treasure Hunters: Danger Down the Nile. You can read the article here: http://bit.ly/ParadeInterview, Has your teen ever missed a party to stay home reading? Homeroom Diaries is the book that could make it happen. Seriously. http://bit.ly/1lA30gZ, null, Australian fans: the head of Private India needs your help with three crime scenes. Spot the evidence in the quickest time and you could win an iPad loaded with PRIVATE INDIA! Entries close 5 September. , Bad idea: Reading someone else’s diary. Good idea: Reading Homeroom Diaries. All of the scandal with none of the “OMG YOU READ MY DIARY?!” http://bit.ly/1lA30gZ, What’s the one book I’d recommend teenagers read? Homeroom Diaries. Could be the best book I’ve ever written. http://bit.ly/1lA30gZ, Guardians of the Galaxy was definitely different, playful, cheeky, watchable. Not the strongest storyline or special effects., If your teens are having back-to-school-drama, try giving them Homeroom Diaries. Cuckoo Clarke will get them laughing, and will remind them they’re not alone., Already finished with Invisible and Homeroom Diaries? Need another page-turner? Head over to Google Play to see some more of my favorite summer picks: http://bit.ly/1ouFaBt, Make the return to school seem better by giving your teen a copy of Homeroom Diaries. http://bit.ly/1lA30gZ, Cuckoo Clarke, the heroine in Homeroom Diaries, might have had some trouble on Facebook, but I love it. Where else can I show 4 million people pictures of Red Boy?, TODAY is a beautiful day to read my best thriller in years -- Invisible. Get it it at your local independent bookstore, Barnes & Noble, or hey, even Amazon., Hmm. It must be Monday. Pick up a copy of Homeroom Diaries to see more of Cuckoo in action., Your teens only need a few things to spread happiness at their schools: their best friends, some good weather, and, of course, a copy of Homeroom Diaries., Summer may be ending soon (please don't shoot the messenger), but there are still plenty of great summer reads out there. See my top 20 picks at Google Play: http://bit.ly/1ouFaBt, Even after hundreds of books, there’s still something exciting about reading a glowing review, especially for a book as worthy as Homeroom Diaries. Thanks, TeenReads! http://www.teenreads.com/reviews/homeroom-diaries, Confession: I spend way too much time daydreaming about being Jeff Bezos. Here’s how my fantasy goes: http://cnn.it/1kpgQps, I have a feeling the readers who love Homeroom Diaries probably also love Snapchat. Add HomeroomDiaries on the app for exclusive content from Cuckoo and the Freakshow., Signing that deal with CBS (details here: http://bit.ly/1unF4EG) has me thinking about how Homeroom Diaries would look as a TV show. Who would you want to play Cuckoo? If you haven’t read the book yet, you can read the first 6 chapters here: http://bit.ly/1uByUvw, It’s a bird! It’s a plane! It’s…Jeff Bezos? Why I think Amazon’s founder could actually be the next great American hero: http://cnn.it/1kpgQps, Find out how many books $100 can buy. Enter the Join the Freakshow Sweepstakes to win a $100 bookstore gift certificate. www.jamespatterson.com/jointhefreakshow, You’ll have to wait a little to watch Maximum Ride on YouTube – but you can watch the Homeroom Diaries book trailer there right now. What do you think, is this how you imagine Cuckoo Clarke? http://bit.ly/XBrwah, An unbelievable, unforgettable, unputdownable diary was found in the bathroom at North Plains High School. Read Homeroom Diaries. http://bit.ly/1lA30gZ, null, Critics agree – the hottest book of the summer. Read Homeroom Diaries. http://bit.ly/1u7e6xd, If you’re not reading Homeroom Diaries, you’re missing my funniest book ever. http://bit.ly/1nbxkw8, I really should get back to work on Maximum Ride Forever, but I keep getting distracted by rave reader reviews for Homeroom Diaries. http://amzn.to/1n8c36C, Barnes & Noble has declared Sunday, August 3rd as “James Patterson Day,” so I’m visiting the White Plains, NY store at 2 p.m. to join the celebration. Stop by the store to meet me and pick up a surprise or two., Have you written a review for Homeroom Diaries, my new book about the trials and tribulations of high school life? If you have – and don’t mind me reading it – please leave a link here in the comments. http://bit.ly/1lA30gZ, Thank you, Anonymous, for the kind words about Homeroom Diaries. Love to hear more from all of you about it--don’t be a stranger. http://bit.ly/1pjzM73, It’s not every day that a day gets named after you. I’m honored that Barnes & Noble is celebrating “James Patterson Day” on Sunday, August 3rd. Stop by your local Barnes & Noble store to join the fun and pick up a surprise or two. http://bit.ly/1nOz8RH , What would you look like as a Homeroom Diaries character? Find out – one of the prizes you can enter to win in the Join the Freakshow sweepstakes is an illustration of yourself with the Freakshow by the book’s illustrator. www.jamespatterson.com/jointhefreakshow, Recently saw Dawn of the Planet of the Apes. What I admire the most about this film is that, this late in the franchise, somebody dug deep and created the best of the group. The story is good, but the costuming and special effects are amazing., More news from Hollywood – first Zoo, then Maximum Ride, and now it looks like some of my other characters will be coming to a screen near you. What books would you most like to see as a TV series? http://bit.ly/1unF4EG, I always thought Homeroom Diaries was good enough for Hollywood. Actress Brittany Snow, who starred in Pitch Perfect and founded Love is Louder, thinks you should go get my book. Sounds like a smart idea to me., Every year, I get Sue flowers for our anniversary.  How'd I do this year?, iBooks has included me in their Author Showcase - the least I can do for them is post about it. In all seriousness - this looks like a great feature for e-book aficionados. http://bit.ly/1reoMIA, Happy Anniversary, Sue! XO James, Recently saw Jersey Boys. I think that Clint Eastwood had an interesting take on how to make this something more than just a Broadway production. The result was kind of uneven for me. This is one of those movies that caricatures just about everybody who ever lived in Jersey. http://bit.ly/1nh1xP1, Your summer could use more books. Free books. This week you can enter the Join the Freakshow Sweepstakes for a chance to win 1 of 10 $20 bookstore gift certificates. New prize next week, so check back. http://bit.ly/Uqbxtp, On sale today, this year’s The Fault in Our Stars. For real. Read Homeroom Diaries. http://bit.ly/1lA30gZ, A review like this one from Justine Magazine might be enough to make an author blush as bright as . . . the cover of Homeroom Diaries. To pick up Homeroom Diaries, click here: http://bit.ly/1kMkl41 Hastings Entertainment, Good news: My new book, Homeroom Diaries, comes out today. Better news, if you happen to be in Times Square: The first 50 people to ask about Homeroom Diaries at actress Brittany Snow's Love is Louder store at Times Square’s Paramount Hotel will get it for free, along with the chance to win a signed copy.  http://bit.ly/1lA30gZ, No problem big enough that a good joke won’t make you feel better. Homeroom Diaries knows. http://bit.ly/1lA30gZ, Always get the best price for my books. Sign up for my newsletter and select which stores you shop at to hear about deals on my books. Easy, quick, money-saving. http://bit.ly/1jFBkcY, Here’s to the misfits. I mean, that’s pretty much all of us. Here’s to the kids so shy, even their teachers forget their names. Here's to the kids who have big dreams…about summer break. This is their book. http://bit.ly/1lA30gZ, Throwback Thursday: Did you read The Angel Experiment when it first came out? If you thought Maximum Ride was smart, strong, and funny, wait until you read about Cuckoo Clarke in my new book, Homeroom Diaries. http://bit.ly/1lA30gZ, An unbelievable, unforgettable, unputdownable diary was found in the bathroom at North Plains High School. Read Homeroom Diaries. http://bit.ly/1lA30gZ, Bumper publication day for me in the UK tomorrow. My new thriller Invisible is out today, the paperback of Second Honeymoon and my brand new book for teens, Homeroom Diaries. something for everyone!, Will you be paying full price for the next Alex Cross book – Hope to Die? Sign up for my newsletter & indicate your favorite booksellers to hear about exclusive deals on it. http://bit.ly/1ws8iOB, Good friends are vital for surviving high school – and life after high school. Homeroom Diaries, Some freak outs are messy, rageful, AND stoic - a buffet of feelings. Homeroom Diaries knows., Just because you're freaking out inside doesn't mean you look like it on the outside. Homeroom Diaries knows., High-school-freak-out-rage happens. Homeroom Diaries knows., When freak outs happen, it’s de rigueur to be messy. Homeroom Diaries knows., Michael Bennett is back this fall in Burn. Make sure you’ve picked your favorite booksellers in my newsletter to hear about the absolute best pre-order sales. http://bit.ly/1ojAChQ, High school is all about freak outs. Read Homeroom Diaries for the best freak outs. Ever., “Bathrooms have no secrets from me. Unfortunately.” Homeroom Diaries, null, null, “I never cry!” Homeroom Diaries, “Friends? More than friends? What’s the meaning of this?” Homeroom Diaries, “The world doesn’t see her strength – they only see her weight.” Homeroom Diaries, Homeroom Diaries is one of my best books ever – and this week some of my newsletter subscribers will hear about a deal for $5.99 pre-orders at one retailer. Sign up here: bit.ly/1t1fnJE, “I don’t want my parents’ life.” Homeroom Diaries, null, null, This week some of my newsletter subscribers will hear about a deal for $5.99 on pre-orders for Homeroom Diaries, my new illustrated novel for teens. Don’t miss out – sign up here: bit.ly/1t1fnJE, “I don’t do endings.” Homeroom Diaries, I'm pleased to hear that bookshops in the UK & Ireland are already starting to send in their applications forms for grants. There's a nice piece about the scheme in the Guardian newspaper here if you don't know about it yet. http://www.theguardian.com/books/2014/jun/25/james-patterson-crime-writer-grants-independent-bookshops 
If you do know about it already, don't forget to encourage your local bookshop to enter! , “We call ourselves the Freakshow.” Homeroom Diaries, Books are different from toilet paper or socks. They’re important to our culture, and need to be protected. I’ll have more to say at the NYPL The New York Public Library event on July 1st at 7PM EST, and it will be livestreaming here: http://on.nypl.org/1qL2lLO, Recently saw The Rover. Not a bad movie but a movie I wish I hadn't spent a couple of hours watching. A downer, with nothing much to say. At least not to me., Edge of Tomorrow is one of the better thrillers I've seen in a while. Fresh storyline, clever direction, good performances. And what can I say, I like most Tom Cruise movies., The Problem: American teens only spend 4.2 minutes per day reading for fun on weekends. (http://bit.ly/1yIT0c0) The Solution: Homeroom Diaries. http://www.jamespattersonya.com/series/homeroom-diaries, Anything you unwrap is instantly more fun – so try wrapping up a book for your kid to celebrate the end of the school year. http://bit.ly/1kn6IfP, Great piece put together by the BBC on my pledge to support indie bookstores in the UK & Ireland! http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/entertainment-arts-27984027. 

If you know of a store you think deserves a grant go tell them to apply! They can download a form on the Booksellers Association website http://www.booksellers.org.uk/Campaigns/jamespattersonlovesbookshops, Want to see your kid reading this summer? Save Rafe (http://bit.ly/1kn6IfP) is on sale now. So is Invisible (http://bit.ly/1py2uRE), if you’re a grown up and are in the mood for a mystery., I’m delighted to announce that following the fantastic response to my pledge to support independent bookstores in the US, I’m launching a similar campaign in the UK and Ireland. Check out my video here to find out more and the Booksellers Association website for all the details. Let's Get Children Reading!    http://www.booksellers.org.uk/campaigns/jamespattersonlovesbookshops, For a chance to win signed copies of two of the best books I’ve ever written, click here: http://bit.ly/1hK7cwq Shelf Awareness, How can kids love books if they don’t own any? Thanks to the NYC Department of Education for helping me give copies of Middle School: The Worst Years of My Life to 45,000 6th graders. http://usat.ly/1meSnBG, Today your kids can be laughing and reading, while you read and try not to scream – Save Rafe (http://bit.ly/1kn6IfP) and Invisible (http://bit.ly/1py2uRE) are both on sale., Looking for a rip-roaring read for your kids? Join the first family of adventire on the most dangerous - and hilarious- hunt of their lives! Bick Kidd's parents were world-famous treasure hunters - until they mysteriously disappeared. Now he and the rest of the Kidds - Beck, Tommy, and Storm - have to finish their mom and dad's last major mission...before it finishes them! Treasure Hunters paperback is out now!, If you’re a morning person, catch me on TODAY tomorrow. If you’re a fashion person, I could actually use some help - what do you think I should wear, shirt and tie or polo and jacket? Here are some pictures from other interviews to help you decide., With the weather getting warmer the best place for you to be this Monday isn’t the beach…it’s the bookstore. You can’t buy Invisible and Save Rafe at the beach – unless your local bookstore is on the beach. In which case I’m jealous. http://bit.ly/1kn6IfP, Free books! Better yet, free SIGNED books! Click here for a chance to win signed copies of Invisible and Save Rafe: http://bit.ly/1hK7cwq Shelf Awareness, This week some of my newsletter subscribers will hear about a 40% off pre-order deal on Invisible and Save Rafe. If you don’t get my newsletter, you can sign up here: http://bit.ly/1qipoNP, Amazon shoppers can’t pre-order my books right now – but my newsletter subscribers are hearing about pre-order deals from other stores on my upcoming books. Sign up here: http://bit.ly/1nQarBP, Invisible and Save Rafe are sold out on Amazon. Well, sort of.  Because of some contract negotiation they refuse to pre-sell any books coming from my publisher.  So you’ll have to pre-order Invisible and Save Rafe elsewhere. By the way --- these are two of my best books. http://bit.ly/1kn6IfP, If you’re starting to get excited for my new book, Homeroom Diaries - and if you’ve seen some of the illustrations, then I don’t know why you wouldn’t be – you should follow the Homeroom Diaries Facebook page for even more illustrations, quotes from the book, tips from Cuckoo, and a lot more. https://www.facebook.com/homeroomdiaries, Happy Father's Day, Dad -Jack, Bank Square Books in Mystic, CT sent me this photo. Great store, great people, and judging by this picture great taste in books (at least I think so). www.banksquarebooks.com, If your kid reads 8 books this summer, Barnes and Noble will give them the 9th one free. Now there’s a carrot. http://bit.ly/1ftg6gJ, How many books are ideal for a series? Lemony Snicket says 13. Should Maximum Ride have 13 books? Maybe not, but I’ll let you in on a secret: it’s going to have more than 8., The most interesting kids in the world are the misfits. Homeroom Diaries is their book. And this is their Facebook page. www.facebook.com/homeroomdiaries, null, I refuse to live in a world without bookstores. What about you? Support your independent bookstore. http://www.indiebound.org/indie-store-finder, Looks like a good pair to me – Invisible and Save Rafe, one for you, one for your kid. http://bit.ly/1kn6IfP, My kind of town!, Curling up for a catnap, Jeff Kinney asked us to describe our 6th grade selves at our BookCon panel. I said I wasn’t in any particular clique, but had friends in lots of different groups. What about you? What were you like in 6th grade?, Can you do me a favor? If you’re in the Norfolk, VA area, please stop by Prince Books. Great store!, A vigilante killer is playing judge, jury and executioner in New York City.
When the tortured body of a woman is found on a carousel in Central Park, the elite team at NYPD Red are put on the case. Someone has been hunting down suspects who have escaped conviction for brutal crimes, and this is victim number four.
The body has been scrubbed clean, just like the rest, destroying any shred of evidence. Detectives Zach Jordan and Kylie MacDonald are the best of the best, but whoever is committing these murders clearly knows how to avoid detection.
As public and political pressure mounts, Zach and Kylie find themselves in a deadly game with an opponent who already knows every move they make...., Like lady detectives? Like free books? Sync is giving away free downloads of Confessions of a Murder Suspect and Agatha Christie’s class Miss Marple mystery, The Murder at the Vicarage audiobooks. http://bit.ly/1nxFHZg, Idea: Want to know how to make your kid Invisible (in a good way)? Give ‘em a good book. Like Save Rafe. And get Invisible for yourself while you’re at it. http://bit.ly/1kn6IfP, Maleficent is a very pleasant, family movie based on the re-imagining of Sleeping Beauty.  Hollywood loves to do that – re-imagine Romeo and Juliet, re-imagine War and Peace, re-imagine Alex Cross., Is our cat suggesting a sequel to CAT & MOUSE?, Here's a way to turn your kids on to reading - if you're in NYC tomorrow, bring them to our BookCon panel, where Jeff Kinney, Rachel Renee Russell, Rick Riordan, Lemony Snicket, and I will be answering all of your questions about our kids' books., Honored to address the graduating class at Montclair State University last weekend.  Montclair State is the second largest university in NJ. Go Red Hawks!, Let’s party on Instagram. And by party, I mean share pictures of each others’ cats. That’s what the Web is for, right? www.instagram.com/jamespattersonbooks, New book alert: Invisible is coming to a bookstore near you June 23. Please let me know if the books themselves are invisible, that’s not supposed to happen. http://bit.ly/1py2uRE, Hey, is my own character ripping me off? Rafe has some explaining to do. Illustration from his (and my) new kids’ book – Save Rafe. http://bit.ly/RiHHFK, Rafe and Georgia are her to help entertain your kids this half-term as they go 'mano a mano' to prove which of them is best at surviving middle school in Middle School: Ultimate Showdown. Get ready for the battle of the century and the want YOUR KIDS to be involved. So this isn't just a story but your kids get to talk, draw, play a couple of games and generally join in. What a way to keep them happy in all this rain!, As someone who was “Made in Newburgh”, I am supporting the efforts of Newburgh Illuminated, an annual festival that shines a light on all that is wonderful about the City of Newburgh NY. My contribution is immortality! I will help to make you immortal by naming a character after you in one of my upcoming novels. All you have to do is enter for a chance to win. Simply make a tax deductible donation of $25.00 or more to Newburgh Illuminated and you could win your chance at immortality. Thanks for your support. http://cfoc-ny.org/join-james-patterson-in-supporting-newburgh-illuminated, Godzilla had absolutely terrific performances by all the monsters. But cover your eyes and ears—especially your ears—for most of the scenes with humans. I don't know what was scarier—Godzilla, or Bryan Cranston's hair piece? Monsters A-, humans C-. http://bit.ly/1vHN7KV, Teachers know that kids need time to develop their reading skills before jumping into “classic” literature. I knew that already, but I was surprised and humbled to see who they picked as the best author for kids to read., Unlucky 13 is celebrating the news that it’s #1 on the New York Times bestseller list. Our cat, Red Boy, is celebrating too. http://bit.ly/Jgakzv, Good news for independent bookstores: California Bookstore Day was a huge success. Bad news for the naysayers who insist books are dead. http://bit.ly/Q6wjfA, Not out until December, and House of Robots is already getting kids reading. I sense good things. PS If you want an advance reader copy, I hear sometimes my publisher sends them to social media super users…, Can Dwyane Wade get your kids reading? Take a shot and see for yourself – our webcast One on One is playing all day today at www.jamespattersonevents.com., Please take a moment to read this., I’d like to introduce you to the cover for my new thriller, Invisible. Facebook, this is Invisible. Invisible, this is Facebook. http://bit.ly/1gf8Bun, Happy Mom's Day to Sue, Mahalo nui loa (Thank you very much) to the children of Hawaii. I’m honored that they chose MIDDLE SCHOOL: THE WORST YEARS OF MY LIFE as their favorite book in 2013., If you have any questions about my books for kids, leave them in the comments and I’ll answer some next week., Got a great Mom? Here’s a Mother’s Day gift idea – Unlucky 13. Women’s Murder Club is back. http://bit.ly/Jgakzv, Teachers of kids between 8 and 14 say the best author for kids to read is…well…James Patterson. Can’t remember a better compliment in a long, long time., A national survey of teachers asked which authors they think kids should be reading. What was their number one pick? Find out tomorrow… #cliffhanger, Boring commute? Work to do in the kitchen? Tired of the TV programs at the gym? Women’s Murder Club could help – try listening to Unlucky 13 on the way to work. The narrator is a dead ringer for how I imagine Lindsay Boxer’s voice. http://bit.ly/1iE4Poj, I’ve always been partial to this quote from the 5th Horseman – what do you think of it? http://bit.ly/1medjq1, With advice like this the Women’s Murder Club should have their own talk show. I’d watch it. http://bit.ly/1medjq1, 3rd Degree had some shocking moments, to put it lightly. But I have some even bigger surprises planned for Unlucky 13. http://bit.ly/1medjq1, Today I have to tip my hat to Barbara Bush, because she and her husband, President George H.W. Bush, are doubling any donations made to their foundation for childhood literacy. You can donate here: http://GiveToRead.org, Want a free copy of Unlucky 13? Enter the GoodReads Giveaway, and it could be yours. http://bit.ly/R0Qs7K, Remember our friends' horse, Patterson Cross? Look how big he's grown in a year. Think he'll run in the 2016 Kentucky Derby? (Thanks, Jim & Irene Karp!), Here’s how to give bumper-to-bumper traffic all the thrills of a high-speed chase – the Unlucky 13 audiobook. http://bit.ly/1iE4Poj, Did you miss our webcast on April 24th? Don’t worry, Dwyane Wade, LeBron James, Dirk Nowitzki, Stephen Curry, Terrence Ross, Bosh and I are doing an encore #OneonOne on May 14th – and you can sign up here: www.jamespattersonevents.com, Do you (or your kids) need cheering up on this dull Tuesday? What do you call a lazy crayfish? A slobster! What do you get if you eat beans and onions? Tear gas! Get your laughs, whoops, yucks, chuckles, chortles, giggles and guffaws right here in I Even Funnier starring the one and only Jamie Grimm. Out now in paperback., Like this quote from 2nd Chance? More great Women’s Murder Club lines on the way in Unlucky 13 next Monday. http://bit.ly/1nX49PT, Two things I liked a lot about Heaven Is for Real: (1) the church members weren't portrayed as cornball idiots—usually the case with Hollywood movies; (2) the film asked the question—if one can believe in miracles performed thousands of years ago, why not a miracle today? http://bit.ly/1iiwQaM, The Women’s Murder Club knows how to cut loose – do you remember this quote from 1st to Die? More to come in Unlucky 13. http://bit.ly/1rrRJzJ, GoodReads is a bookworm’s paradise – so I’m very flattered the book-lovers there gave Middle School: Ultimate Showdown 4.35 out of 5 stars. You can read what they thought here: http://bit.ly/1l8HNLt, Today, your computer, 1:00 PM EST, Dwyane Wade, LeBron James, Dirk Nowitzki, me, an incredible webcast, and the day your kids decided reading was pretty cool after all. www.jamespattersonevents.com, Tomorrow your kids could become lifelong readers – my webcast with Dwyane Wade, LeBron James, Dirk Nowitzki Stephen Curry, and Terrence Ross airs at 1:00 PM EST. Sign up here: www.jamespattersonevents.com, Recently saw Captain America: The Winter Soldier. A 2-hour plus commercial for Chevrolet, otherwise the best of the Captain America movies by far. http://bit.ly/1hUfVec, Have you been missing Detective Michael Bennett? If you haven't read Gone yet the paperback is out in the UK on Thursday, We’re in the final countdown to James Patterson and Dwyane Wade One on One – you don’t want to miss out on Dwyane, LeBron James, and other NBA greats telling your kids and students about the importance of reading. 1:00 PM EST this Thursday – please join us. www.jamespattersonevents.com, null, null, On the basketball court, I’d be terrified to go One on One with Dwyane Wade, LeBron James, or Dirk Nowitzki. But when we talked about getting kids reading for our new webcast, it was a conversation I’ll never forget. Please join us on April 24th. www.jamespattersonevents.com, Many, many thanks to Chicago Tribune, for picking me as the 2014 Chicago Tribune Young Adult Literary Award winner. I’m honored and humbled. http://bit.ly/1j2EWQW, Here's a funny photo we took yesterday at Dreyfoos School of the Arts to celebrate reading I FUNNY!, Here’s a taste of my new webcast with Dwyane Wade, LeBron James, and other NBA greats. Not shown here is when I made a slam dunk. I think that’s in the deleted scenes… http://bit.ly/1hTYrxG, Want a free basketball signed by Dwyane Wade? Enter Mackin Educational Resources’s contest for our new webcast – starring Dwyane and some other NBA stars (@LeBron James, anyone?). #OneonOne http://bit.ly/1pef7oJ, Like my Facebook, but wish it had more free stuff and sneak peeks? Check out the newsletter. http://bit.ly/1kEwWsw, Don't forget there are some great Middle School activity sheets to keep your kids entertained through the long weekend. Just click here http://bit.ly/1gAXx8l. Happy Easter everyone! Don't eat too many Easter Eggs now!, What to get Mom for Mother’s Day? If she’s a reader, the next Women’s Murder Club book, Unlucky 13, comes out just in time. http://bit.ly/Jgakzv Lucky thing for her, yes?, Need a way to get your kids and students hooked on reading? Dwyane Wade can help.  And LeBron James. And Dirk Nowitzki. And more of your kids’ favorite NBA players. In our new webcast they’ll be talking about how reading changes lives. Sign up here: www.jamespattersonevents.com, Looking for something for your kids to do in the holidays? Check out the Middle School downloadable activity pack over on the World Book Day website http://bit.ly/1gAXx8l Plenty of things for them to make and do and get you a bit of time to yourself!, Recently saw Bad Words. Jason Bateman is smart, really smart, and maybe a little too smart for movie audiences. The movie is good nasty fun. Bateman directs and stars. http://bit.ly/1gWSjiY, Free chapters! Get your free chapters here! First 8 chapters of Unlucky 13, my new Women’s Murder Club book, are right here: http://bit.ly/1i9x2aF #SneakPeekSunday., Less than 2 weeks until One On One, a new webcast with Dwyane Wade, LeBron James, Dirk Nowitzki, more of your favorite NBA players, and me, to let your kids and students know that reading will change their lives. Sign up here: www.jamespattersonevents.com, I probably should have stood on a crate for this photo of me and LeBron James. Big guy – even bigger heart. On April 24th He’ll talk about how reading can change your kids’ lives in our new webcast, James Patterson and Dwyane Wade Go One on One: All-Star Edition.  Sign up here: www.jamespattersonevents.com, Welcome to the church of Darren Aronofsky, the Word according to Hollywood, and the belief that humankind (except for a handful of vegans) is evil and must be destroyed (as opposed to say, a belief that humankind is, well, human, and desperately in need of inspiration). The movie is beautifully filmed and well-acted. http://bit.ly/1hmuqX0, Reading is dead. Books aren’t important. Big Foot spotted at the local supermarket. If you’re a parent or a teacher, you know these are all myths. Sign up to join Dwyane Wade and me for our new webcast on April 24th as we debunk the first two (our Big Foot webcast is still in the works). www.jamespattersonevents.com, Got to hit the hay early tonight – keynote address at Texas Library Association tomorrow. Looking forward to mingling with 7,000 dedicated librarians, heroes all. #TXLA2014, In honor of the Confessions of a Murder Suspect Facebook page reaching 100,000 followers, here’s the cover for the third book. I do the inside stuff, not the outside stuff, but what do you think? www.jamespattersonya.com, Divergent was not as much fun as Hunger Games (at least for me) but a whole lot better than the lame trailer promised. Shailene Woodley is a pretty talented actress, but she's not an action heroine. http://bit.ly/1jVTIMd, null, I’m overwhelmed by this post on the Facebook page for The Bookies, an independent bookstore in Denver that got a grant from me. That’s not a tear in my eye, I must just be getting allergic to Red Boy, our family cat. http://on.fb.me/1ib59fO, There’s still time to enter the Ultimate Showdown – a sweepstakes to win a $100 gift certificate for your favorite bookstore. That’ll buy a lot of books for your kids, maybe my new kids book, Middle School: Ultimate Showdown? http://bit.ly/PfDaU4, Please join me in congratulating Michael Connelly Books – Amazon has ordered a full season for Bosch, an original series based on Michael’s fantastic novels. Well deserved, but not surprising – the pilot was a killer. http://phx.corporate-ir.net/phoenix.zhtml?c=176060&p=irol-newsArticle&ID=1913643&highlight, It’s Ultimate Monday – Ultimate Showdown is on sale today. Ultimate fun, ultimate sibling rivalry, ultimate puzzles and games. For a taste, a section of the book put to video - Rafe’s opinion on Brussels Sprouts. http://bit.ly/1jsY9xE, Calling all teachers and parents. Want to encourage your kids to read more? Of course you do. You’re invited to sign up your family or school to watch Dwyane Wade and James Patterson Go One on One: All-Star Edition, our new webcast that shows kids how reading will change their lives. www.jamespattersonevents.com, Recently saw 300: Rise of an Empire. A whole lot more violent than Silence of the Lambs—but that seems to be okay with the critics. This film is based on history, right? Right. http://bit.ly/1iIYQlo, Want to know something that’s scarier than the ending of the last Alex Cross book (besides its sequel, of course)? Our children’s reading levels. I’m teaming up with Dwyane Wade, LeBron James, and Dirk Nowitzki to talk about the importance of reading. Whether you’re a teacher or a parent, you’re invited to sign up your class or family to watch Dwyane Wade and James Patterson Go One on One: All-Star Edition, our new webcast that shows kids how reading will change their lives. www.jamespattersonevents.com, Congratulations to coach Bo Ryan and the Wisconsin Badgers (Sue's alma mater), on making the Elite Eight in the men's NCAA Basketball Tournament., Parents tell me my Middle School books do the trick to get kids reading. So this new online store might just be the best website to visit to turn a reluctant reader on to books. http://amzn.to/Ozagh8, Please join me, Dwyane Wade, LeBron James,  Dirk Nowitzki and more of your favorite NBA stars for our new webcast, Dwyane Wade and James Patterson Go One on One, on April 24th at 1 PM EST. These MVPs and I will talk about how reading can change kids’ lives. Please sign up to watch here: www.jamespattersonevents.com, A hearty thank you to all my readers for giving me the honor of being the world’s best-selling author since 2001. http://bit.ly/1gKpD0J, Already starting to dream about your summer holidays? A week in the sun? Or are you the outdoorsy time? How do you (or your kids) fancy singing songs around the campfire and eating s'mores all night long? That's what Rafe thought he was getting with a summer at Camp but it turned into a whole different story..... Middle School: How I Survived Bullies, Broccoli and Snake Hill is out on Thursday., Boo, it’s Monday. Yay, NYPD Red 2 is on sale. http://bit.ly/1jBbYtd, “For years I eschewed James Patterson books.” Line from a very amusing blog post about how one writer decided to give my books a chance – and loved them.  Glad I could change your mind, Martha. http://marthawoodroof.com/2014/03/14/3-14-14/, Mr. Peabody & Sherman is a very smart kids' film, but maybe a little too smart. The action flags when P and S stay in one place for too long. Like ancient Egypt. http://bit.ly/1j22Ex8, Happy Birthday to the best husband and father! XOXO Love, Sue & Jack, Monday’s forecast calls for perfect reading weather – NYPD Red 2 is on sale. Full disclosure: I consider sunshine, rain, snow, gale, or heat waves to be perfect reading weather. http://bit.ly/1jBbYtd, I’m just finishing the 3rd book in the Confessions series. When we get to 100k followers on the Confessions of a Murder Suspect Facebook page I’ll reveal the new book’s cover, so you might want to check out Confessions Facebook., Time to fluff the cushions on your cozy chair – NYPD Red 2 is on sale Monday. http://bit.ly/1jBbYtd, Teachers, do any of your students look up to Dwyane Wade, LeBron James, and Dirk Nowitzki? Sign up your class for Dwyane Wade and James Patterson Go One on One, our new webcast that shows kids how reading will change their lives. www.jamespattersonevents.com, A lot of people don’t think of me as a comedian. While I doubt I’d be great at stand up (nowhere near Jamie Grimm level) my next kids book, Middle School: Ultimate Showdown, might have some parents laughing just as much as their kids. http://bit.ly/1kChrQV, Comment I enjoyed this comment by Lori Ann Costello when I posted about Maximum Ride, “Enough of the vampires! Bring on the winged children!! ☺ They don't sparkle....they kick butt.”  ☺, Know a graduating senior who needs money for books? James Patterson’s College Book Bucks could help. http://bit.ly/1dgkUPP, What do I have in common with Dwyane Wade, LeBron James, and Dirk Nowitzki? It’s certainly not our basketball ability – though I do love the game and used to have a pretty good 3-point shot. No, it’s that we’ll all be appearing in Dwyane Wade and James Patterson Go One on One, the new webcast about the importance of reading on April 24th at 1 PM EST. You can sign up to watch here: www.jamespattersonevents.com, Are school dress codes a bad idea or the worst idea? What’s the best way to outrun a bully? What are cats really thinking? Your kids are asking these questions, and Middle School: Ultimate Showdown will answer them. http://bit.ly/1kChrQV, Love seeing celebrities talk about independent bookstores – here’s a piece by Jay Leno about what we lose when indie bookstores close down. http://bit.ly/1iKQddf, I hear Books & Greetings in Northvale, New Jersey is getting some much-deserved publicity. Glad I could help – Books & Greetings is one of the stores to receive a grant in my $1 million pledge to independent bookstores. http://bit.ly/1nqoe4z, When the Confessions of a Murder Suspect Facebook page gets to 100,000 followers, I’ll post a hi-res version of the cover for the next book. So if you were thinking of following, now is a pretty good time. https://www.facebook.com/tandyangel, If your kids claim to hate reading but they love playing games, give them Middle School: Ultimate Showdown. It’s filled with puzzles, word scrambles, mazes, and cutouts, but it also has really funny stories and jokes. Your kids will be reading without even knowing it. http://bit.ly/1qAo2yT, When two dead bodies are found inside a wrecked car on the Golden Gate Bridge, Detective Lindsay Boxer doubts it will be anything as simple as a traffic accident. Want to find out more? Unlucky 13 is out today!, Love Lindsay Boxer? Early readers of NYPD Red 2 say that Kylie MacDonald has as much wit and moxie as our beloved Detective Boxer. See for yourself with these 16 free chapters. http://bit.ly/1etcbdm, What’s the hottest spot in NYC this Thursday night? In my eyes it’ll be Read to a Child’s fundraiser at Books Of Wonder. I’ve always been more into bookstores than night clubs. http://bit.ly/1luGsQC, If you know any kids who haven't read Middle School: The Worst Years of My Life yet, the team over at Mumsnet are offering some lucky readers the chance to win a copy. Head over there now for a chance to get your hands on one http://www.mumsnet.com/books/bookclub/2014/march/middle-school-the-worst-years-of-my-life-giveaway, Sue took this photo of me and some of the hardworking booksellers at Oblong Books & Music in Millerton, New York. We’ll be visiting some of the bookstores that received grants in my $1 million pledge to independent bookstores. Where should we go next? www.jamespatterson.com, null, I hear it was a glorious weekend in the UK but don't forget to take your kids into a local bookshop to spend their World Book Day £1 voucher. Here's Rafe to tell you about his new £1 book and the others you can buy https://vimeo.com/88259982, Thanks to Shelf Awareness for the kind mention about my Million Dollar Pledge to independent bookstores. http://bit.ly/1oyloG8, I really enjoyed my fifteen minutes of fame with Charlie Rose (one of the best interviewers around). What do you think? http://bloom.bg/1np1LkV, Hi everyone. Thank you all so much for your competition entries. I have conferred with Alex, Jack, Lindsay and Michael and am now very excited to announce the winner and runners-up of the James Patterson is Missing campaign.

Drum roll please......

The grand winner is Amanda Durley!
Amazing work Amanda. You are a brilliant fan and fabulous detective.
And a very special thanks to our awesome runners-up: Michelle Hildreth, Michelle Carmody, Mari Botha, Tina Loau, Aoife Gallagher and Ian Astill.

Last but not least thank you to everyone who participated throughout the week. Who knows what has happened to Jane? Maybe one day we'll cross paths again..., I recently saw RoboCop and 3 Days to Kill. Both movies were better than I would've thought. 3 Days to Kill is quite funny in spots, and I remain a Kevin Costner fan. The trouble with RoboCop is that they've tried to write a reasonably intelligent script for a somewhat dumb, though very commercial concept. www.jamespatterson.com, For any budding writers out there, The World Book Day Biggest Book Show on Earth is now live. Hear from the World Book Day Authors & Illustrators on how to write and illustrate a brilliant story. Watch it to get my tips on how I keep my readers turning the pages.  http://www.worldbookday.com/biggest-book-show, It's World Book Day today in the UK and I am very proud to be a part of it. Hope all your kids have lots of fun getting dressed up at school and choosing a book with their £1 voucher. Here's Rafe to tell you a bit more about his brand new World Book Day story http://vimeo.com/88259982, If you thought the last mayoral race in New York City was full of scandals, it’s nothing compared to what goes down in NYPD Red 2. Murder, sex, corruption, serial killers – and that’s just the first few chapters. http://bit.ly/1llCIRl, I always try to get the movie projector going in people’s heads, and judging by this review from Bookreporter.com it looks like I succeeded. “PRIVATE L.A. is one of the more cinematic of Patterson’s books” http://bit.ly/1cmXQhP, Thanks to CBS This Morning for the map of independent bookstores receiving grants in my $1 million pledge. Need to fill in those gaps – know any deserving bookstores in places I haven’t given to yet? www.jamespatterson.com, Our expert birdwatcher, Linda Deaton asked, “Do you ever think you ended a series too soon, and regret it?” Absolutely – it happened with Witch and Wizard. I thought The Fire would be the last book, but Whit and Wisty had other plans. Could certainly happen with another series. Maybe it already has. www.jamespattersonya.com, I hear this question about Maximum Ride a lot. Joyce Wrisley asked, “Is there going to be a movie? I would love to see one. Excellent series.” I’d love to see one too. Sadly, I have very little control (or even knowledge) on what goes down in Hollywood. But I’m optimistic. www.jamespattersonya.com, Here’s a good question about Maximum Ride – Tina Truex asked, “Why did you stop writing the Maximum Ride Series?” At the time I felt I had taken the story as far as it could go. I didn’t think it could get any more final than it did. Wait, did I just say “at the time?” www.jamespattersonya.com, If you can’t catch a plane and spend the next few days in Los Angeles, you can still pick up Private LA. It’s like being in Los Angeles. But with more killers. And explosions. http://bit.ly/1eo2mvX, Sad to hear that Toronto’s World’s Biggest Bookstore is closing. Even if it wasn’t technically the world’s biggest bookstore, I always hate to hear that the world has one less place to find great books. http://bit.ly/1bsNfHs, Our son, Jack, playing Judge Danforth in his school play-- Arthur Miller's, The Crucible. He was genuinely terrific and what a thrill for Sue and me., An animal shelter in Pennsylvania is inviting kids to read to their cats. When I was trying to get Jack to read it never even occurred to me to have him read to Red Boy. Hmm. Maybe something to consider for his upcoming spring break. http://bit.ly/1m3tnPr, Sue took this great (I think) picture on the Hudson. What do you think?, Who is my favorite Maximum Ride character? Why did I end Nevermore the way I did? Ask any Maximum Ride question you like, and I’ll answer some of them in honor of the Nevermore paperback being on sale 2/25. www.jamespattersonya.com, Thanks to CBS This Morning for making a map of the indie bookstores getting grants from me – got to fill in those gaps. http://bit.ly/1mw5Uqj, If you haven’t done your good deed for the day, here’s an easy one. The second largest school district in Illinois needs help bringing famed children’s author Peter Catalanotto to their schools. http://bit.ly/1bsMOgc, It'll take some time to get $1 million dollars to the most
deserving independent bookstores ­but this morning I announced the first stores on CBS This Morning. http://bit.ly/1mw5Uqj, Congratulations to the first independent bookstores picked for my $1 million dollar pledge. Still lots of stores to announce, can't wait to choose the next ones. Please tune in to CBS This Morning tomorrow where I'll have even more news to share. #newsisback http://nyti.ms/1dOpYPa, Stephen Curry and I taking a break during NBA project to fix up a high school in New Orleans. Great shooter, nice guy., People say nothing’s private on the Internet but that must be because they haven’t checked out Apple’s Private iBooks page. http://bit.ly/1ihJpQO, Getting very excited about World Book Day. Make sure you register for the brand new The Biggest Book Show on Earth (http://www.worldbookday.com/biggest-book-show), hosted by @dickndom, and get to hear me and the other World Book Day authors and illustrators talk about what it takes to make a great book. #WorldBookDay , LeBron said I have a good first name. (And I like his last name!) A big star and a really nice man., Dwyane Wade and I doing our second webcast for schools. Can you say two-- peat?, Dear SSP, Be Mine. XO JBP, Sue and I are in New Orleans to film a webcast with NBA stars, including Dwyane Wade, to get more kids reading...And, thanks to our good friends, also enjoying a little of New Orleans famous King Cake., What are you doing with the upcoming 3 day weekend? I’m off to New Orleans for NBA All Star Weekend. While I’m there Dwyane Wade and I are making another webcast to get kids excited about reading. You can watch it in April, and our latest webcast here: www.jamespattersonevents.com, You’ve already done chocolates and flowers, and chocolates and flowers. This Valentine’s Day, get your sweetie a sweet book. http://bit.ly/1ds2aNF, Today is the birthday of my good friend and sometimes fictional character, Ned Mahoney (http://on.fb.me/1djSTdN). Please stop by his Facebook profile and give him a like for me if you get a chance., I’m heading to New Orleans for NBA All Star Weekend. While I’m there Dwyane Wade and I will be filming a new webcast to get kids excited about reading. You can watch it in April. In the meantime, here’s our most recent webcast at www.JamesPattersonEvents.Com, How do I pick my co-writers? The Daily Beast asked me – here’s what I said: http://www.thedailybeast.com/articles/2014/01/29/how-i-write-james-patterson.html, I recently saw Labor Day. I just never felt the chemistry worked here and it’s a big surprise. Jason Reitman had done such spectacular work with Up In the Air. http://bit.ly/1d2itDG, Dear Jack, happy sweet sixteenth birthday. Love, Mom and Dad., I got an early peek at 'Bosch,' which starts streaming on Amazon Prime today. Wow! 'Bosch' is the most realistic detective series I've ever seen. I guess that shouldn't be surprising since it's based on Michael Connelly's (Michael Connelly Books) terrific novels. Watch the whole episode and, if you agree, let Amazon know how great it is: http://amzn.to/1nUOUZa, Have you missed Justine, Jack Morgan’s right hand woman at Private Investigations? Here’s a little update – she’s doing Crossfit, and getting really good at it. Find out more about Justine, Jack, and the rest of Private in Private LA. http://bit.ly/1fpprku, Have you listened to the Confessions of a Murder Suspect audio book? It just made the YALSA’s 2014 Amazing Audiobooks list. You can listen to a free sample here: http://bit.ly/1ettTR8, If you’ve been missing Jack Morgan, I hear he may be over at Apple’s iBooks. And I think they said something about special deals on his earlier efforts, ahead of the agency’s big return on Monday. http://bit.ly/1ihJpQO, My interviewer at The Daily Beast had some good questions about how I pick collaborators, my writing process, and what it’s like working with Hollywood. http://thebea.st/1bogxEs, Hey teachers, you might find this useful. I’m helping Relay Graduate School of Education get out the word about their teacher training online course, Teaching Character. It launches in February, and explores how the latest in psychological research can help you in the classroom. http://bit.ly/1idz3RX, Congrats to the Seattle Seahawks on their impressive Super Bowl win. Russell Wilson, you made our family 'Badger proud'. Here's to the 12th man…, Sneak Peek Sunday: Here’s some reading to go with your Sunday afternoon coffee – 14 free chapters of Private LA, my most pre-ordered book of 2014. http://bit.ly/1jNGKRH, My mother was always taking courses, doing training to become an even better school teacher. So I was thrilled when the Relay Graduate School of Education asked for my support in getting out the word about their new online training course for teachers, Teaching Character. http://bit.ly/1idz3RX, The last time I wrote about Private’s Los Angeles offices, Jack Morgan had to prove he didn’t commit a murder. In Private LA, he’s got even bigger problems…http://bit.ly/1aK2fQN, Please take a moment to vote for which charity the LA Lakers should give $5,000 too. I’ve worked with Read to a Child before, and though all the charities look very deserving, I’ve always said that getting kids to read is nothing less than saving lives. http://on.nba.com/1bvv4uK, It seems Hanna of Pretty Little Liars Liars loves my books. Thanks for the mention, Pretty Little Liars. http://bit.ly/1ffsEnW, I recently saw Jack Ryan: Shadow Recruit. This is not a Tom Clancy film, this is not a Jack Ryan film. This is not, in my opinion, a very well directed film. But it’s still fun to watch. http://bit.ly/1gnOqK1, null, A novelist goes to Hollywood and, miraculously, gets to keep some control over her hugely popular book. What's not to love about that? http://bit.ly/L3MWWz, Kevin Hart is about to get extremely, insanely hot. I hope that he grows with fame rather than repeating himself until he flames out. http://bit.ly/1e27xWy, Live, from Orlando-- Feherty Live! Mike Eruzione surprised us with these official USA hockey jerseys...go team USA!, Here's another Feherty group shot with Greg Norman and Mike Eruzione., TGIF cat nap, I recently saw Her. A miracle. Sweet, sad, funny, and oh-so-very-human as we humans enter the world of WALL•E. http://bit.ly/M0qkYz, I’m backstage at Feherty Live right now. Turn on Golf Channel to see my interview with the very funny David Feherty., Tonight’s the night. I’m going to be on Feherty Live at 9pm Eastern on Golf Channel. Looking forward to catching up with the great David Feherty., Did you know I’m kind of a golf nut? It’s true. Can’t wait to talk golf and life in general on Feherty Live tomorrow at 9pm Eastern on the Golf Channel. Please tune in if you can., I’m touched that so many of you loved First Love. Thank you. I especially liked this comment by Michelle Klein, “I just finished First Love and cried my eyes out. You captured that intoxicating rush of first love so well. And you created truly memorable characters in Axi and Robinson. This would make a great movie! Your dedication to the love you lost is moving. Thank you for sharing this story with us” http://bit.ly/1ds2aNF, Just noticed that First Love has 5 stars on Amazon.com. Wow, this could be my highest reviewed book ever. http://amzn.to/1dYRjd5, I recently saw Inside Llewyn Davis. Brilliant, not a false note or wasted image, and excruciatingly boring at times. Reminded me why I hated folk music. http://bit.ly/KaZgEw, I have a feeling some of you will agree with this. All kids have the potential to love books. www.readkiddoread.com, Throwback Thursday: I’m a big fan of the movie based on Sundays at Tiffany’s starring Alyssa Milano. Makes me wonder what kind of movie they could make based on First Love. Might not be popular with theater workers, though. All those tissues to clean up afterwards. http://bit.ly/1ds2aNF, Recently saw Mandela: Long Walk to Freedom. Great story—but an average movie. Idris Elba would have been a spectacular Alex Cross. He wanted to do the movie but no studio believed in him. I sure do. http://bit.ly/19gdMGm, Get to know Axi with this quote from First Love. “Looking back on it now, I can’t believe I was this close to backing out of the most beautiful, funny, painful, and life-changing experience I will ever have.” http://bit.ly/1ds2aNF, First Love is my first book of 2014, and it just might be the most emotional one all year. It’s was the most emotional for me to write. http://bit.ly/1ds2aNF, Last week I asked if you remembered your first love, and I was touched by this comment by Lorie Kerber, “I do. Met him playing cowboys and Indians almost 65 years ago. Been married to him for 53 and a half years. Now that's true love.” Congratulations on 53 years together, Lorie., Mostly missing from the mostly four star reviews on Scorsese's latest, The Wolf of Wall Street, is the useful information (for most people) that the f-bomb is dropped about 10,000 times during the film's three-hour running time. Also useful to some moviegoers is the fact that the movie is soft-porn and a drug fest. The Wolf of Wall Street is also very funny at times and has inspired star turns by Leonardo DiCaprio, Matthew McConaughey and Jonah Hill. Your move, moviegoers. I obviously made my move. http://bit.ly/19gdMGm, First Love comes out on Monday. If you buy it, please keep me updated in the comments section on what you think. Some authors anxiously await newspaper and magazine reviews, but to me opinions from real readers carry a lot more weight. http://bit.ly/1ds2aNF, Reminder: The deadline to enter Winter Book Bucks for a shot at $100 in free books is January 13th. http://bit.ly/1cXf34d, Cuddle alert! Our cat, Red Boy, is beating the cold spell with his own 'hot water bottle heating' in his little house..., When I asked if you remembered your first love last week, I didn’t expect to get such incredible stories. Ann Booth commented, “Of course, we were high school sweethearts and were married for 54 years until he passed away from colon cancer in 2004. One day god will reunite us again.....no one could ever replace him in my heart....he was my ‘one true love’” Thanks for sharing Ann., The Maximum Ride flock likes to stick together – so it’s fitting that Amazon has grouped all of the Maximum Ride books together on their own series page. http://www.amazon.com/Maximum-Ride-Series/pages/default, Free books! Learn how your kids could win a $100 gift certificate for books just for reading over winter break. http://bit.ly/1cXf34d, Saw Delivery Man. Not enough funny, too much schmaltzy. http://bit.ly/JM0jKB, Amazon just created a great place to find my Alex Cross books. All it needs is a front porch with a grand piano to make Alex feel right at home. http://www.amazon.com/Alex-Cross-Series/pages/default, How does $100 of free books sound? It could happen. Submit your kids’ winter reading lists to enter Winter Book Bucks. http://bit.ly/JLZkKt, Throwback Thursday: This is the cover for the very first Private book. Next Private thriller, Private LA, comes out 2/10. Better save those gift cards. http://bit.ly/1bgzdl2, null, Recently saw Oldboy. Josh Brolin is very good. This oddball movie from Spike Lee? Not so much. http://bit.ly/JM0jKB, Do you remember your first love? Of course you do. I think there’s a part of all of us that wants to relive that moment – I did my best to capture it in First Love. http://bit.ly/1ds2aNF, “Books have given me a magic portal to connect with people of the past and the present.” This video about the importance of reading blew me away: http://bit.ly/1cinTLu, Sneak Peek Sunday: In my thirties I went through a very emotional time – which was the catalyst for First Love, a story I don’t think you’ll forget. It comes out 1/13, but you can read the first 12 chapters – for free – right now. http://bit.ly/1l22YLX, The Hunger Games: Catching Fire had terrific storytelling, but the film got me wondering—where are all these infamous gatekeepers? The first Hunger Games book/movie was all about kids killing other kids in the woods. Catching Fire is basically a spectacle featuring bread and circuses. I know, I know, the heartless fascists are responsible—but does that argument really hold water? As I said, though—a fine story. http://bit.ly/1ds1HLp, null, 12 Years a Slave is a powerful story and film that pulls no punches. Nor should it. Will make some of us feel even more self-righteous, others angry, others victimized. An award-winner for sure. http://bit.ly/JM0jKB, Throwback Thursday: Sue came across this old photo of me from I don’t even want to count how many years ago. I wonder if getting rid of the beard was a mistake… www.jamespatterson.com, From the Patterson family to yours, have a very merry Christmas., I thought I wrote some okay books in 2013, but I didn’t expect 3 of them to wind up on Amazon’s Top 20 Customer Favorites in Adult Books. http://amzn.to/1cily3b, Jamie Grimm is working on some jokes for his next competition in I Even Funnier. What do you think of this one? “You see me in this wheelchair and I know what you’re thinking. Man, he must save a ton of money on running shoes.” http://bit.ly/1bm9Fmy, I Even Funnier is getting really great word of mouth - 
 but the summer’s hit Middle School: How I Survived Bullies, Broccoli, and Snake Hill just made Barnes and Noble’s list of Best New Books for Kids in 2013. http://bit.ly/1bWN5qB, Along with video games and whatever the hot new toy is (I stopped keeping track, thankfully Jack is past that phase) be sure to get your kids books this Christmas. http://bit.ly/1f4ioie, Love this story – someone in Alabama bought every Christmas children’s book in their Barnes and Noble’s kids section for the local Native American community. http://bit.ly/1cin4Ct, Here’s what Nelson DeMille has to say about the new Alex Cross, Cross My Heart. http://bit.ly/1aW0Box, Shopping for books this Christmas? Remember to check out the selections at your local independent bookshops. Not only will you be supporting your community, but they’re always happy to help you pick out books your family will love., TIME for Kids just earned a spot on my Nice list this year – not only are they putting out a Winter Reading guide, but today they’re featuring I Even Funnier. http://bit.ly/1c8hbpG, Jeffery Deaver gave me an early Christmas present. He said some very nice things about Cross My Heart. http://bit.ly/1aW0Box, How does $100 of free books sound? It could happen. Submit your kids’ winter reading lists to enter Winter Book Bucks. http://bit.ly/1fnHKqA, Will I Even Funnier make you and your kids laugh your butts off? Try this joke on for size, “I went to buy some camouflage pants the other day, but I couldn’t find any.” bit.ly/1bm9Fmy, What would a world without books look like? I don’t want to find out, so I helped out at my favorite local bookstore, The Classic Bookshop, the Saturday after Thanksgiving as part of Indies First. It was the least I could do, but it felt amazing to help out. Any other ideas for ways to support independent bookstores? http://bit.ly/JbbMns, Washington Post’s kids section asked me for kids’ book recommendations. Remember, even if your kids say they don’t love reading, the right book can turn them around. http://wapo.st/JgMAvc, When the Rockettes invited me to be part of their opening night performance, I was a little nervous. Fortunately they just wanted me to read “’Twas the Night Before Christmas” to some children. Whew. My high kick is not what it used to be. www.jamespatterson.com, I hear I Even Funnier has 4.5 out of 5 stars on Amazon. Let me know what your kids think of it. http://amzn.to/18EVtFs, Have a thriller-lover on your Christmas list? Please check out what @Lee Child has to say about Alex Cross. http://bit.ly/1aW0Box, Thanks to  Barnes & Noble for including Middle School: How I Survived Bullies, Broccoli, and Snake Hill on their list of Best New Books of 2013 for Kids. You can check out their entire selection of kids’ books here:http://bit.ly/1bWN5qB, Independent bookstores are the lifeblood of the book-buying world. So I joined authors across the country the Saturday after Thanksgiving to hand-sell my favorite books at my favorite local bookstore, The Classic Bookshop. http://bit.ly/JbbMns, We had the Pahokee Middle School over for lunch last week. What a blast. Great kids with big dreams. The whole school is reading Maximum Ride and the kids had hundreds of questions. www.jamespatterson.com, Looks like I Even Funnier has a 5 star rating on Barnes & Noble’s website. Your kids will be laughing – and they’ll be reading. http://bit.ly/1ktGu6l, Did you know I used to be a reluctant reader? Washington Post seemed pretty surprised to hear it when I talked to them for their article on my visit to a Washington, D.C. middle school. http://wapo.st/1969DCV, I’ve heard that I Even Funnier is as cool for kids as Alex Cross is for grownups. To see if your kids agree, get them I Even Funnier on Monday (or pre-order it right now). http://bit.ly/1bm9Fmy, My wife and I spent a lot of time searching for books that would make my son laugh when he was in middle school. I Even Funnier is a book that parents and grandparents can trust to get the kiddos howling with laughter. You can get it Monday, or you can even pre-order it today. http://bit.ly/1bm9Fmy, null, Have I really given Alex Cross 11 romantic interests? I sure hope nothing happens to his current wife… For more interesting numbers about Alex Cross, the crack reporters at USA TODAY appear to have done their research: http://usat.ly/1eTFiYF, A friend just sent me this photo of my first apartment in New York City. Really brings me back. What did your first apartment/house look like? www.jamespatterson.com, Recently saw The Book Thief. Great book (one of my all-time favorites), terrific cast—but the movie is overwrought and overly sentimental. Not a disaster but definitely a disappointment. http://bit.ly/1gCyr7b, Page-turner to end all page-turners? That’s really high praise, especially coming from Douglas Preston & Lincoln Child, Masters of the Page-Turner. Thank you., When you’re searching Cyber Monday deals today, don’t forget to order books for the kiddos. And here’s a humble suggestion, if they are the type of kids that like to laugh: I Even Funnier. http://bit.ly/1bYQtzF, Thank you, Steve Berry, for saying such wonderful things about Alex Cross. I’m a big fan of yours., A lot of parents told me I Funny had their kids glued to the pages. I’m hoping I Even Funnier will have them even more Glued-To-The-Pages-ier. That’s not a word. But maybe it should be. Here are 13 free (and not physically sticky, I promise) chapters. http://bit.ly/I5wl3x, I didn’t know that Jeffrey Deaver had been reading Alex Cross from the beginning. Thanks so much for that, and the kind words., Alex Cross and I would both like to thank Nelson DeMille for not only reading my books, but taking the time to say such nice things about them., The Cross family may be in danger in Cross My Heart, but I hope yours is having a safe and happy Thanksgiving., Thank you, Ian Rankin. You’re pretty boss yourself. I’m a big Rebus fan., Love this big cardboard Rafe my publisher made. Think they’ll send me one for my office?, Thanks to Lisa Scottoline for being so supportive of both me and Alex Cross over the years., This kid’s got good taste in sports and books. Not only is he reading I Funny, but he’s also a Sled Ranger – that’s a sled hockey team. Sled hockey is like ice hockey, but with sleds so everyone can play, regardless of disabilities. If you’d like to learn more about it, go here: http://www.wsfsledrangers.org/, Thank you, Lee Child, for your terrific books (I’m reading the latest Jack Reacher right now) and for your kind notes about Alex Cross., Had a great chat with Kathie Lee and Hoda on the Today Show this morning. If you missed it, you can still watch it here: http://on.today.com/1c51mQf, I’ve taken 20 of your questions, given them some thought, and answered them best as I can. Over the next hour I’ll be posting your questions and my answers in the comments of this post., Hope I see a lot of you at my Facebook Q&A in two hours. It’ll be right here, and I’ll be answering 20 of your questions – in honor of 20 years of the Alex Cross series., Can’t stay up too late writing tonight – I have to get up at a semi-reasonable hour to make it to Today Show for the 10 o’clock hour. If you can, please tune in. I’ll be talking with Kathie Lee and Hoda., I wouldn’t ever let anything bad happen to Alex Cross’s family…would I? You can find out tomorrow, when Cross My Heart goes on sale. http://tinyurl.com/qaedy5v, It may be Friday, but I’m looking forward to Monday – not only does Cross My Heart come out, but I’ll also be answering 20 of your questions at 1pm EST here on Facebook., Blue Is the Warmest Color has been written and talked about as soft porn, and perhaps it is, but it’s also one of the most honest young adult stories in years, even more so than The Perks of Being a Wallflower. http://www.jamespatterson.com/moviePicks.php#.Uo6LFyf4J0k, I’ve been to a lot of college campuses, but I was blown away by Towson University's College of Education and their Towson Reading Clinic, which provides affordable reading education to urban Baltimore. You can read more about Towson University – and the scholarships I’m giving their incoming future-teachers – right here: http://tinyurl.com/lcmgrr7, Our very own Jack P. playing a part in his high school play. And a bearded Leonardo DiCaprio. What do you think?, I’ll be answering your questions on 11/25 at 1 pm, so if you have something you want to ask make sure you write it here https://www.facebook.com/photo.php?fbid=10151932689223468&set=a.399366233467.173865.20809428467&type=1 by the end of today., Last Vegas was perfectly fine, but should have been even better., Here’s me with my dear sister – Maryellen. She asked me if I’d like to have a signing at her fitness studio,  Inches Fitness in Bradenton, FL. Love my sister, and everyone at her studio is so nice, how could I say no? Had a great time. www.inchesfitness.com, Want to know more about Alex Cross? Or Lindsay Boxer? Or my preferred brand of pencil? Okay, maybe not that last one. Whatever your questions, write them here https://www.facebook.com/photo.php?fbid=10151932689223468&set=a.399366233467.173865.20809428467&type=1, and 11/25 at 1 pm I’ll be answering 20 of them, in honor of 20 years of Alex Cross (next book comes out that same day, by the way)., I don’t know how my sister Maryellen finds the staff for  Inches Fitness, her fitness studio in Bradenton, FL, but when I was there for a book signing the other day they were all ridiculously friendly. See those smiles? Those aren’t just for my books – they’re always that happy. www.inchesfitness.com, Here’s one for the photo album – DC’s Mayor Gray and Councilman Evans presenting me with a proclamation naming November 4th James Patterson Day in DC. Yep, that really happened. I’m as surprised as you are., See the family resemblance? The blond on my right is my sister Maryellen at her fitness studio  Inches Fitness in Bradenton, FL. I had a book signing there recently – which was really more an excuse to spend time with her and the incredibly friendly people she’s got working there. www.inchesfitness.com, null, Thanks to all of the brave men and women who risk their lives to protect our country., This is at  Inches Fitness in Bradenton FL, where I recently signed books. It’s my sister Mary Ellen’s place and I was blown away by it and her staff (shown here), some of the friendliest people I’ve ever met. www.inchesfitness.com, Sherman Alexie is a talented bestselling writer – and his ideas for saving bookstores are just as stellar. That’s why I’m following his lead and handselling books at my local bookstore for Indies First. So November 30th at noon, you’ll find me at Classic Bookshop in Palm Beach. http://www.publishersweekly.com/pw/by-topic/industry-news/bookselling/article/59538-supporting-the-indie-wave.html, Jamie Grimm isn’t much of a singer, but the audiobook of I Funny has been nominated for a Grammy. Now if only Jamie can win The Planet’s Funniest Kid Comic contest, his mantelpiece can have some real balance. http://www.jamespatterson.com/books_iFunny.php#purchase, Do you have a question about Alex Cross, or my million dollar Indie bookstore pledge, even my favorite type of gum? Ask it in the comments. I’ll pick my 20 favorite questions (in honor of the Alex Cross series turning 20 this month), and answer them on November 25th – same day Cross My Heart comes out., Kids need libraries, it’s just a fact. So please sign the @American Library Association’s Declaration for the Right to Libraries. http://www.ilovelibraries.org/declaration/sign, My dear friend -- Susan Hamilton’s book – Hit Woman– is currently a hit on Amazon.  The book really tells it like it is in terms of the music business – with terrific stories about Elton John, Michael Bolton, and even myself. www.hitwomanbooks.com, Yesterday I asked if you could guess which Alex Cross book the quote, “’Be ready to die at any time. Be ready to sacrifice everything. Your life, your family.’ That had never been more true than right now,” is from. The answer: Kill Alex Cross. http://www.jamespatterson.com/books_killAlexCross.php#.UngVblP4J0k, I see a lot of comments saying you guys love Alex Cross. Any trivia buffs know which book this quote comes from? “’Be ready to die at any time. Be ready to sacrifice everything. Your life, your family.’ That had never been more true than right now.” I’ll post the answer tomorrow. http://www.jamespatterson.com/books_alex_cross.php#.UngMC1P4J0k, Today is officially James Patterson Day in Washington, D. C. I’m not kidding I’m actually meeting with the mayor. Alex Cross is proud. Nana Mama too., I was just named Champion of the Young Readers Center by the Library of Congress in Washington, D. C. Rafe Khatchadorian, Jamie Grimm, and the Treasure Hunters kids deserve all the credit., The Alex Cross series turns 20 this month, so here’s one of my favorite Alex Cross memories. When Along Came a Spider first came out, I was in a bookstore, and I was thrilled when I saw a woman pick up a copy. But then she snuck it into her bag and walked out of the store. She stole Along Came a Spider!, How was trick-or-treating yesterday? Here’s the first Treasure Hunters character I’ve ever seen—it’s Beck! www.treasurehuntersbooks.com, Yesterday I asked you to guess my bestselling novel of all time. Women’s Murder Club fans won’t be surprised to learn it’s 1st to Die. http://www.jamespatterson.com/books_wmc.php#.UnF1i1P4J0k, Think you know which of my novels has sold the most copies? Post your guesses here, and tomorrow I’ll reveal the answer., I was blown away by this story about Patricia Ann Kettles, a librarian who didn’t finish a book until she was ten and now helps kids struggling to learn how to read. In my eyes, people like Ms. Kettles are superheros – and deserve every honor and recognition we can give them. http://mobile.nytimes.com/2013/10/16/nyregion/librarians-love-of-books-began-in-her-struggles-to-read.html, Cheers to McDonald’s for helping get books into kids’ hands. This November they’ll be working with Reading Is Fundamental to give away 20 million books in their happy meals. http://www.mediabistro.com/galleycat/mcdonalds-to-distribute-20-million-books-in-happy-meal-promotion_b78916, With the 20th anniversary of Alex Cross coming up, you may want to read the series from the beginning.  You’re in luck because charitybuzz and  National Kidney Foundation Inc are auctioning off a FULL set of books signed by yours truly. http://bit.ly/19NCMjY, Loved Gone and need more Michael Bennett? This sweepstakes could help, you might win one of ten copies of Step on a Crack, the very first Michael Bennett thriller. http://www.jamespatterson.com/sweepstakes.php#.Uml4nlP4J0k, Close up on the orchid I got for Sue on Monday. Her birthday is on Saturday, so this is just the beginning of our plans for her birthday week., Wanted to share the orchid I got Sue for her birthday. I know her birthday isn’t until Saturday, but don’t worry, there’s more on the way. She checks Facebook sometimes, though, so I better not talk about it here., I’ve had a great time working with Mark Sullivan on our Private book series, so it was no surprise to me that his new book, Outlaw, is an action-packed, heart-racing, absolutely first class thriller. www.marksullivanbooks.com, I’ve been doing fewer book signings lately, but if you want a signed copy of one of my books, I just signed a lot at my local indie bookshop, Classic Bookshop in Palm Beach, Florida. You can even order them online if you’re not in the area, though Classic is well worth the trip. http://www.classicbookshop.com/, How would you like to see your name in the pages of one of my books? I’ve partnered with the National Kidney Foundation to make that a reality for a reader and help this great cause. http://bit.ly/19NCMjY, Thanks to RJ Julia Booksellers for hosting me and my fellow treasure hunters for a pirate party last Saturday. http://bit.ly/1gOwdTo, Recently saw Rush. I loved Ron Howard's early films, and what a treat to see him teamed with a very good camera man, who actually moves the camera. A good story here, even if you don't give a hoot about race cars (I don't). http://www.jamespatterson.com/moviePicks.php#.UmFZV1P4J0k, Throwback Thursday: Along Came a Spider was my first Alex Cross book, but it wasn’t my first book published. That honor belongs to The Thomas Berryman Number, which won an Edgar in 1976. Please don’t remind me how many years ago that was. http://bit.ly/1euG7re, I know how hard you teachers work to get books in your students’ hands, so in case you haven’t heard of this program at Barnes & Noble-- http://www.barnesandnoble.com/u/educator-appreciation-days/379003415/, Fans of ABC’s Castle will remember that I said, “You don’t see me putting a bullet through Alex Cross’s head” on the pilot when I was a guest star. I wonder if I’ll wind up eating those words… http://www.jamespatterson.com/books_crossMyHeart.php#purchase, Every once in a while a miracle comes along at the movie theaters—Gravity is one of them. Crazy thought: if everybody in Congress and the Executive Branch saw this film—maybe they'd restart this country's engines and head on back to earth. http://www.jamespatterson.com/moviePicks.php#.UlxY0lP4J0k, Do your kids love adventure, pirates, buried treasures, and laughing their butts off? Check this out: Middle School Book Series, I know you’re supposed to be wary of meeting up with people from Facebook in real life, but I promise I won’t bite if you come to my book signing for Treasure Hunters at RJ Julia Booksellers in Madison, CT, this Saturday at 4pm. Though be warned you may get bitten by the book-buying bug—it’s a terrific store. http://on.fb.me/1cEYgEp, Ahoy there, landlubbers from Dyker Heights, NY. I heard a rumor that Boulevard Books & Café is having a Treasure Hunters party Friday night – complete with copies of the book, pizza, and – of course – eyepatches. https://www.facebook.com/events/1419196448302381/, Jamie Grimm is still wearing his anti-bullying t-shirt from PACER’s Unity Day yesterday. Good thing you can’t smell fictional characters. For more info on PACER’s month-long bullying prevention campaign, please go here: http://www.pacer.org/bullying/nbpm/unity-day.asp, Glad to see people getting in to the Treasure Hunters spirit at a Treasure Hunters book party at  Old Firehouse Books in Fort Collins, Colorado. Nice eyepatch., What do you think of the cover for Cross My Heart, the next Alex Cross book? Nothing too gory or disturbing could happen inside a book with a nice cover like that, right? …Right? http://www.jamespatterson.com/books_crossMyHeart.php#.Ukw_AFMmZ8E, My publisher invited me to come into their offices and say a few words to the staff. They put a clip of it on Youtube. https://www.youtube.com/watch?edit=vd&v=FbH03186ki8, If you have kids, enter Sony’s sweepstakes to win an e-reader preloaded with my best reviewed kids’ book ever, Treasure Hunters. E-readers can be a great way to get kids reading. If you don’t have kids, you might enter anyway, because who doesn’t love a free e-reader? https://ebookstore.sony.com/treasure-hunters-sweepstakes/, Anyone who thinks kids don’t get turned on by books must not have been at  Book Bin Northbrook's Treasure Hunters book party., Want a sneak peak at Confessions: The Private School Murders (on sale Monday)? “Matthew, possibly a killer. Adele, dead for no apparent reason. A stranger running my household. Could my life get any more dramatic?” No problem, just head over to Confessions of a Murder Suspect., "OMG! My son is reading!” TREASURE HUNTERS is sure to get your boys hooked. Read the first 10 chapters FREE: http://on.fb.me/16DAMOz, Throwback Thursday: The very first Women’s Murder Club cover, from 1st to Die in 2001. Have you been with the crime-solving ladies from the beginning? http://www.jamespatterson.com/books_wmc.php, READ FREE CHAPTERS: www.jamespattersonya.com, Tandy Angel – murder suspect, aspiring detective, human guinea pig – hardly your average teenager. And now you can get from the scoop on her latest murder investigation, Confessions: The Private School Murders. Read her daily quotes at Confessions of a Murder Suspect, For I Funny I put on Groucho Glasses. For Treasure Hunters I’m dressing up like a pirate. If it gets kids reading, I’d take a pie to the face. Oh wait, I did that too. http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XSdjZBWFJ6k, I recently saw The Family. My opinion? The Godfather done sort of funny. http://www.jamespatterson.com/moviePicks.php#.Ukncd38mZ8E, You’ll love it, or you’ll hate it. Really long, very dark, frequently depressing, violent at times, and I’m one of the people who actually loved it. http://www.jamespatterson.com/moviePicks.php#.UkXdT38mZ8E, Glad Shelf Awareness is helping me get out the word about my pledge to give $1 million to indie booksellers. And hopefully others in publishing and government will step up and help save our bookstores and libraries. http://www.shelf-awareness.com/issue.html?issue=2087#m21527, READ FREE CHAPTERS: http://bit.ly/191125E, Wild dogs and rampaging hippos – that’s what I encountered on my safari many years ago. Here’s what I wrote up about my journey to the Serengeti. http://bookclubs.barnesandnoble.com/t5/The-NOOK-Blog/Guest-Author-James-Patterson-on-Safaris-and-His-New-Kids-Book/ba-p/1473863, Here I am with my inspiration for writing books for kids-- our son, Jack. So far, he's quite a nice guy., It’s okay to let your kids read books on e-readers – as long as they’re reading, that’s all that matters. That’s why when Sony got in touch saying they’re giving away e-readers pre-loaded with my new kids’ book, Treasure Hunters, I marched right up the gang plank. https://ebookstore.sony.com/treasure-hunters-sweepstakes/, Just because your boy says he hates reading doesn’t mean you can’t change his mind. My wife and I did it with our son – you can find out how in this interview with SheKnows.com: http://www.sheknows.com/entertainment/articles/1017315/interview-james-patterson-encourages-children-to-read, I don’t know how your Monday is going, but with 4.5 stars on Amazon for Gone and 4.7 for Confessions: The Private School Murders, I have to say mine is pretty extraordinary. Might help myself to a pint of Graeter’s ice cream to celebrate., Teachers, you might find this useful. A fifth grade teacher put together a Pinterest board with resources to go along with my new book, Treasure Hunters. Gotta love social media that gets kids reading. http://pinterest.com/tammydunbar/treasure-hunters/, I have to share this amazing letter from a reader of I FUNNY. 
“I am 13 years old, in middle school and use a wheelchair, too.  I love your book!   Do you know somebody with a wheelchair that helped you write this book? Thanks for writing a great book, Serena Wetmore”
Thanks, Serena. I didn’t write I FUNNY based on anyone in particular - it was inspired by all of the amazing people in wheelchairs I’ve met over the course of my life., Suspense Radio and I just got talking. You can tune in here and listen to us chatting about Michael Bennett, bookstores, and the big, big, big adventure in store for Alex Cross and his family this fall: http://www.blogtalkradio.com/suspensemagazine/2013/09/18/suspense-radio-special-with-james-patterson, I’ll make a deal with you – if you read these 10 free chapters of Treasure Hunters and comment here, I’ll post some of your comments. https://www.facebook.com/MiddleSchoolBookSeries/app_203351739677351, As if I needed any more reasons to love the New York Public Library…, I'm delighted to announce that I've been selected as one of the authors of the World Book Day £1 books in the UK. The book is an exclusive Middle School short story set in the UK called Middle School: How I Got Lost in London. To find out more about Rafe's adventures in London (and the other great £1 books) look here www.worldbookday.com/books, As I told Norah O'Donnell, Charlie Rose, and Gayle King earlier today on CBS This Morning, I try not to just talk the talk, but walk the walk. So I'll be giving $1 million to independent bookstores across the country. Watch the whole interview here: http://www.cbsnews.com/8301-505263_162-57603091/james-patterson-pledges-$1m-to-help-independent-booksellers/, If you have a chance to tune in (or I hear they have these DVR things you can program?) I’m going to be talking to Gayle King and Charlie Rose on Monday, 9/16 in the 8am hour.  I'll be talking about my new book, TREASURE HUNTERS and some big plans I have coming up to help out independent bookstores., Boys just don’t read as much as girls. So when I wrote Treasure Hunters, I put in as many pirates, karate fights, and really funny illustrations as I could fit between two covers. Your boys are gonna love Treasure Hunters. www.treasurehuntersbooks.com, Enjoyed 18 holes with Bo Ryan, Wisconsin Men's Basketball coach. Can't wait for the season to start. Go Badgers., Could your morning subway ride be the best part of your day? China is putting libraries in subway stations. Pick up a book at one stop, drop it off at the next. Sounds like commuter heaven to me. http://www.latimes.com/books/jacketcopy/la-et-jc-shanghai-metro-library-20130826,0,2592726.story, Sometimes I might go a little overboard to get kids reading, but I don’t really care. Doubt anyone will make me walk the plank for it. The reason I’m dressed like this is for my kids’ book, Treasure Hunters, coming on 9/16. www.treasurehuntersbooks.com, Read 10 chapters free!: http://bit.ly/18YBjqZ, Thanks to the good people at Fort Sill, Oklahoma, for sending me this picture of the books I sent them displayed in their library. And of course, I also want to thank them for everything they’ve done for our country. www.jamespatterson.com, I loved, loved, loved Shaun of the Dead. Unfortunately The World's End was no Shaun of the Dead. http://www.jamespatterson.com/moviePicks.php#.Uio4dn8mZ8E, Teachers, I’m looking for the best ideas to get kids reading this back to school season. I’ve learned from experience that when you want to make a kid love books, you ask a teacher. Best five ideas get posted here, so everyone can use them., How refreshing to see a pro athlete like LeBron James being interviewed in a library. Hope kids are getting the message that their role models hang out in libraries. http://espn.go.com/espnw/inthegame/9567170/espnw-game-robin-roberts-welcomes-lebron-james, Conan Gorenstein, a book sales rep who’s helped my career—and those of countless other authors—for 22 years, has passed away.  Just last week he had sent me a newspaper article he thought I’d enjoy. It was about a kid who’d won his local library reading award for the fifth straight year. If grownups got such awards, Conan would have been on an even longer streak. He was a truly dedicated lover of books, and one who opened the life-changing world of reading to thousands upon thousands of people. My favorite sort of hero. I am so grateful, Conan. https://www.facebook.com/conan.gorenstein?fref=ts, In Uganda, the high school drop-out rate is 60%. I think that’s a tragedy, and so does Trudy Marshall of Libraries of Love, a former Pageturner Award winner. She’s giving schools libraries and thousands of books. These are just a few of the kids she’s helped., Yesterday the Wall Street Journal had an article about me, but the real story here is our country’s incredible independent bookstores. Just two examples are Bank Street Bookstore and Book Culture in New York, who hosted the interview (and on really short notice, too). http://online.wsj.com/article/SB10001424127887323932604579051302101910072.html, Why does reading matter? Because 85% of kids entering the juvenile detention system are functionally illiterate. www.readkiddoread.com, I could pick things about Lee Daniels' The Butler apart—but it does offer a useful history lesson for a country that refuses to study its own history. http://www.jamespatterson.com/moviePicks.php#.Uh-3un8mZ8E, After I posted about my book donation to the good people at Fort Carson, some of you asked me if I donate books to soldiers overseas. Seeing as they read just as much as the troops at home, my publisher and I have been doing just that for the past eight years. And right now we’re working on donating over a hundred thousand books to VA hospitals. www.jamespatterson.com, null, My wife was just telling my how much she loves my mistress…my new novel, MISTRESS, that is. http://bit.ly/13TNrEB, This back to school season Nana Mama is getting serious about making sure the Cross kids read enough. She’s picking up The Book Thief for Janelle, No Crystal Stair for Damon, and Treasure Hunters for Ali. What books are you getting your kids this September? For help choosing, check out www.ReadKiddoRead.com., As you may have seen, the New York Times just ran an interview of me. I told them everything from what books I think the President should read to which of my characters gives me the most pride. But not every piece of the interview made it into print. Want to see what didn’t? http://www.goodreads.com/author_blog_posts/4764816-extras-from-my-new-york-times-interview You can also read the full interview here: http://www.nytimes.com/2013/08/25/books/review/james-patterson-by-the-book.html, I was impressed by J.K. Rowling’s switch from children’s books to thrillers. I just hope she writes more kids’ books. The Harry Potter series saved a lot of lives - by getting kids reading. www.jamespatterson.com, I like to read The Sunday New York Times but it’s not every day that I get to see a cartoon of myself in it. How’d they do capturing me?  http://www.nytimes.com/2013/08/25/books/review/james-patterson-by-the-book.html, Thought The Spectacular Now would be better, but it's still plenty good. I grew up with kids like this—some of whom still don't know what hit them. http://www.jamespatterson.com/moviePicks.php#.Uhd58n8mZ8E, Here’s proof that I will do anything - anything - to get kids reading. http://www.jamespatterson.com/books_treasureHunters.php#.Uhd5f38mZ8E, Elysium is a somewhat simplistic fairy tale (this one from the left, politically). The first hour worked very well for me—then the movie seemed to lose its nerve, even as polemic. Matt Damon is terrific in the lead role (apparently as the only white man left in LA). http://www.jamespatterson.com/moviePicks.php#.UhaBIH8mZ8E, I’ve enjoyed Jack Reacher books but I can’t say I’m convinced by the headline on this one http://litreactor.com/news/smoke-weed-every-day-lee-child-writes-stoned, After making the new Treasure Hunters commercial, I’m considering going with this for the author photo on my book jackets. Or, maybe not., Happy birthday to Al Roker, from me and my good buddy, Alex Cross., We're the Millers is about your typical all-American family—a drug dealer, a stripper, a runaway, a virgin. Funny at times. http://www.jamespatterson.com/moviePicks.php#.UhJZbX8mZ8E, I’ve been getting bored seeing my same old mug shot on the back of all my books, so I bet my fans are, too. Change is coming soon—I shot new author photos just this past week., Sharing a great summer tradition with my son Jack. Here we are at Yankee Stadium on a gorgeous night for baseball., Amazon loves Mistress. It’s one of their top ten thrillers for August. http://amzn.to/16h5rgJ, When you were a kid did you ever go looking for buried treasure? I never quite got over it, which explains my upcoming illustrated book, Treasure Hunters. You and your kids can read the first 10 chapters now, and get the whole thing 9/16. http://issuu.com/jamespatterson/docs/treasurehunterspreview, The Conjuring was pretty good, smart, but I’ve seen scarier. http://www.jamespatterson.com/moviePicks.php#.UgPrAX8mZ8E, There’s some great Maximum Ride fanart at the James Patterson Young Adult Tumblr page. You can see all of the masterpieces here: www.jpya.tumblr.com, Recently saw Blue Jasmine, Woody Allen’s over-the-top out-of-this-world Oscar-worthy tragicomedy. (That sentence ties my record for most hyphenated words ever.) N.b. I’ve actually witnessed train-crash nervous breakdowns like Cate Blanchett’s in Palm Beach. http://www.jamespatterson.com/moviePicks.php#.UgPrAX8mZ8E, In 2 Guns, Denzel Washington is great again. Mark Wahlberg is pretty terrific. A potentially classic shoot-em-up dragged down by the final act. Too much bang-bang, not enough hah-hah. http://www.jamespatterson.com/moviePicks.php#.UgPrAX8mZ8E, You’ve seen my movie reviews. Now I’m reviewing something a lot closer to my heart – my book, MISTRESS. Read my thoughts here, and please, leave your own too. http://bit.ly/17d1w3D, Soldiers read a lot, so I sent these books to the men and women serving at Fort Carson in Colorado. This should hold them for a little bit…I hope. www.jamespatterson.com, In the books Maximum Ride has a hard time making friends, but on the Web she just hit 500,000 Facebook followers. I wonder how she’d feel about that. www.jamespattersonya.com, My mother was a teacher, and I think she would have been delighted to see this comic. http://zenpencils.com/comic/124-taylor-mali-what-teachers-make/, If you like rock-and-roll, 20 Feet from Stardom is a must. Everything you should have wanted to know about back-up singers. http://www.jamespatterson.com/moviePicksArchives.php?ymd=13.0711#2, One of the greatest things with my name on it may not be a book – but a horse. Our good friends Jim and Irene Karp named their thoroughbred Patterson Cross, and he looks like a future champion to me.
Kentucky Derby 2016 better be ready., What happens when a Washington DC mistress falls to her death? The first 15 chapters of Mistress are free, so you can find out now. http://jamespatterson.com/books_mistress.partOne.php, I was amazed by the variety of books that inspired my College Book Bucks winners to choose their future careers. One boy said  Ender’s Game made him want to be a college professor, while another said The Stranger made him want to be a high school choir teacher. You can read all of the winners’ answers here: http://www.jamespatterson.com/college-book-bucks-winners-2013.php#.UfFnVKwmZ8E, I noticed that Dawn Wendeln wrote this on my wall, “I saw a picture today with the word Abibliophobia (the fear of running out of reading material). I know I won't have to face that fear until you stop writing all of your wonderful books. Which I hope won't happen anytime soon.” That’s me, curing Abibliophobia wherever I go. www.jamespatterson.com, Despicable Me 2 is just about the funniest movie of the summer, and irrefutable evidence that, if we could eliminate most of the live action directors, actors, and studio execs from movies, the world would be a funnier place. It would be a world with no Lone Rangers, no White House Downs, no R.I.P.Ds.; a world where Lindsay Lohan would find true love; a world where Adam Sandler would be an animated character under the close supervision of talented writers. http://www.jamespatterson.com/moviePicks.php#.Ufa__6wmZ8E, Red 2 had very funny performances from—count ‘em—Bruce Willis, John Malkovich, Helen Mirren, Anthony Hopkins, Catherine Zeta-Jones, and especially Mary-Louise Parker. http://www.jamespatterson.com/moviePicks.php#.UfFQ_qwmZ8E, You may know that Tandy has a bizarre life, but there’s a lot more to know about her than that. Get to know all my young adult characters better, at the official James Patterson Young Adult Tumblr page. http://www.jpya.tumblr.com/, Do you tweet? I’m starting to, and it definitely keeps me from being long-winded. Follow me at @JP_Books. https://twitter.com/JP_Books, Every year I like to get Sue flowers on our anniversary. Here’s what I picked out for our sixteenth. How did I do?, James Patterson plays important role in the Royal Baby Wait. Details here: http://abcnews.go.com/WNT/video/media-stands-strong-ongoing-royal-baby-wait-19730255, Loving the new cover for Confessions: The Private School Murders. From the ridiculous art in her living room to the bizarre lapses in her memory, Tandy, the main character, is quickly becoming one of my quirkiest detectives. www.jamespattersonya.com, Who should play Maximum Ride? See who readers picked here: http://pinterest.com/jamespatterson1/readers-picks-maximum-ride-actresses/ Did they get it right? This is just for fun though, and doesn’t affect actual casting., Read 15 chapters free: http://bit.ly/13TNrEB, Want $25 worth of free books for your kids? It could happen. Just submit their Summer Reading Pledges to Summer Books Bucks, and they’ll be entered. http://jamespatterson.com/summerbookbucks/#.UemF56wmZ8E, The reviewers at KIRKUS are notoriously hard to please, so I was delighted to read their rave review of Treasure Hunters, my upcoming kids adventure story. They called it, “a high-seas adventure that will entice even the most confirmed of landlubbers.” Maybe I’ll renew my subscription to their magazine…maybe… http://www.jamespatterson.com/books_treasureHunters.php#.UegzP6wmZ8E, I want to introduce you to the Patterson Teacher Education Scholars The University of Alabama (Roll Tide!)  These UA College of Education students are going to be making an impact in classrooms all over the country and I’m proud to support them.  Learn more about them: http://blog.readkiddoread.com/spotlight-on-university-of-alabamas-james-patterson-teacher-education-scholars/, I recently saw Pacific Rim. Giant robots versus giant aliens and surprisingly good. Especially the entourage actors. http://www.jamespatterson.com/moviePicks.php#.UecFoawmZ8E, I hope your son is spending more time with his nose in a book than his thumb on a game controller, but if he isn’t, here’s a list of boy-approved books sure to get him flipping pages. http://blog.readkiddoread.com/i-hated-to-read-til-i-read-this-book-list-for-boys/, How to get your kids reading this summer. 
Step One: Get them Middle School: How I Survived Bullies, Broccoli, and Snake Hill. 
Step Two: No step two necessary.
http://www.jamespatterson.com/books_middleSchoolFour.php#purchase, The Lone Ranger & Superman were my two favorite show as a kid. Now both have been trashed in the same summer. I would say Lone Ranger is the exception that proves the rule: nothing succeeds like excess. http://www.jamespatterson.com/moviePicks.php#.Ud1qR6wmZ8E, If you need recommendations on what kids’ books to pick up today - check out the ReadKiddoRead Ultimate Summer Reading List. http://blog.readkiddoread.com/readkiddoread-summer-reading-list-2013/, Summer Camp Survival Tip : Having a crush on a counselor can make camp a lot more fun…as long as you realize it’s not going anywhere…and as long as the camp bully doesn’t have a crush on her too. For more, read How I Survived Bullies, Broccoli, and Snake Hill. http://issuu.com/jamespatterson/docs/middleschool_howisurvived_sampler_70ea946a14c18b?workerAddress=ec2-184-73-101-164.compute-1.amazonaws.com, White House Down is hands down the funniest movie of the summer. http://www.jamespatterson.com/moviePicks.php#.Ud1qR6wmZ8E, Mornings aren’t for everyone. So if you missed my Today interview with Hoda and Kathy Lee, you can still watch it right here: http://www.today.com/id/29054368/#52296244, What if Willy Wonka made a library, instead of a chocolate factory? Pick up Chris Grabenstein, Writer's ESCAPE FROM MR. LEMONCELLO’S LIBRARY for your kids and discover the coolest library in the world. http://bit.ly/153kQiM, I might just print out this review for Second Honeymoon and put it on the fridge. Gonna need more magnets. http://www.bookreporter.com/reviews/second-honeymoon-0, Summer Camp Survival Tip: Bug spray. By. The. Gallon. It’s not the counselors who run a summer camp, or even the campers. It’s the BUGS. If you need more advice, Rafe has plenty in How I Survived Bullies, Broccoli, and Snake Hill. http://issuu.com/jamespatterson/docs/middleschool_howisurvived_sampler_70ea946a14c18b?workerAddress=ec2-184-73-101-164.compute-1.amazonaws.com, I can’t say enough good things about my friend Mary Simses’ debut novel, The Irresistible Blueberry Bakeshop & Café. So I’ll just say this – you’re going to gobble it up faster than a fresh blueberry muffin. https://www.facebook.com/MSimses/app_292953564175208, The good, and the bad, news is that World War Z is nothing like the summer's other comic-book style fare. It's more intelligent, but how intelligent can you be about zombies? http://www.jamespatterson.com/moviePicks.php#.UdRuU9gmZ8E, Man of Steel was not so steely or super. At least not for me. Henry Cavill is a formidable superhero but I didn't find the storytelling propulsive. www.jamespatterson.com/moviePicks.php, My good friend, Mary Simses, has a book coming out this month: THE IRRESISTIBLE BLUEBERRY BAKESHOP AND CAFE.  I loved reading it and my family loved her recipe for Cioppino (a delicious fish stew) just as much. Make it this Fourth of July and pre-order Mary’s book here: http://www.marysimses.com/the-book, Introducing the Encyclopedia of Farts! It exists. See it for yourself. Dare to show your kids. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DpqMSCLNmzA&feature=c4-overview-vl&list=PL9464342EB58D4B26, This Is the End had a lot of funny ideas and concepts, in need—I think—of a writer. Not sure if I'm getting old or if this is just a mish-mosh. I think I'll go with the latter. www.jamespatterson.com/moviePicks.php, Congratulations on the ’13 BET Awards Humanitarian Award, Dwyane Wade. I have a feeling this is just the first of many awards you’ll be receiving for getting kids reading and just making the world a nicer place to live. http://www.jamespattersonevents.com, I loved Francis Ha, loved it. Especially the work of Greta Gerwig. It's a miracle Noah Baumbach could make this concept work so well. www.jamespatterson.com/moviePicks.php, My son is reaching the age where he’s almost old enough to start reading my adult books. Which of my books do you think he should read first? www.jamespatterson.com/books.php, Who Will Save Our Books? Our Bookstores? Our Libraries? I know one thing for sure, NBA legend Grant Hill can help. Please join him & me tonight on SiriusXM Radio. http://www.siriusxm.com/townhall, Online book clubs for kids? We never had them when I was growing up, but I’m told that the kids’ book clubs at DOGO Books are pretty popular. Their current book club is for my Middle School series. Maybe your kids will like it too, especially since members have a chance to win all five Middle School books. http://www.dogobooks.com/book_clubs/middle-school-series-book-club, The two best words in the world are “free” and “books.” Put them together and you’ve got Summer Book Bucks, where you can submit your kids’ summer reading pledges and maybe win $25 gift certificates to independent bookstores. http://jamespatterson.com/summerbookbucks/#.UcCwKdgmZ8E, I like to share opportunities to honor great teachers when I hear about them.  Montblanc (more than just a maker of great pens) has partnered with The New Yorker for The Write Opportunity and they're calling for YOUR stories about the educators that really made a difference in YOUR lives.  Winners will receive a Montblanc gift and have their story featured in print and online. montblanc.newyorkeronthetown.com, The Internship: I generally like Vince Vaughn and Owen Wilson but their latest is only half funny. Unfortunately, the other half feels like an orientation film for Google. http://www.jamespatterson.com/moviePicks.php#.UciX5NgmZ8E, Ever met a Booger Eater? Rafe’s about to meet a kid nicknamed “The Booger Eater” in Middle School: How I Survived Bullies, Broccoli, and Snake Hill, which is on sale today. But don’t let nicknames fool you. Read these 15 chapters – which are free, by the way – to see what I mean. http://issuu.com/jamespatterson/docs/middleschool_howisurvived_sampler?e=1711515/2596892, Apparently there is an Irish “synth-pop” band called Women’s Murder Club. I doubt they’ve solved as many murders as my Women’s Murder Club…though they’re probably better musicians. http://www.jamespatterson.com/books_wmc.php#.UchwttgmZ8E, Want me to pass along any messages to Hoda and Kathie Lee when I’m on Today tomorrow?, Buy on book on my summer reading list for NOOK this weekend and they’ll give you a second one – FREE. Great if you can never decide on just one book. Or if you like getting things for free. http://www.barnesandnoble.com/u/reading-is-rewarding/379003998, This weekend buy one book on my summer reading list for NOOK and get a second one free. One for you and one for your kid, maybe? http://www.barnesandnoble.com/u/reading-is-rewarding/379003998, Tomorrow, start your Saturday with a big cup of coffee and my radio interview with Scott Simon on NPR's Weekend Edition at 8:25 am. http://www.npr.org/programs/weekend-edition-saturday/, My next Middle School book is a tale of bullies and broccoli, of shocking bravery and even more shocking cowardliness (or however you say that). To read the first 15 chapters for free, you just have to click here. http://issuu.com/jamespatterson/docs/middleschool_howisurvived_sampler?e=1711515/2596892, Free books! Free books here! Just submit your kids’ summer reading pledges to Summer Book Bucks, and they get a shot at a $25 gift certificate to an independent bookstore. http://jamespatterson.com/summerbookbucks/#.UcCwKdgmZ8E, The Neighborhood School needs your help saving their school library. They’re having an auction - a couple of signed books by me are even on the block - so please help spread the word, and maybe even place a bid. http://www.biddingforgood.com/auction/item/Browse.action?sort=NAME_ASC&page=2&auctionId=195689931&view=IMAGE, Read free chapters of SECOND HONEYMOON here: http://bit.ly/1aM3gl9

Read free chapters of MIDDLE SCHOOL: HOW I SURVIVED BULLIES, BROCCOLI, AND SNAKE HILL here: http://bit.ly/1a8KVAa, I recently saw Fast & Furious 6. The dialog—not so terrific. But who cares? So-so acting. Who cares? Because the crew is "family" and the action is fast & furious., The Hangover Part III might give you a hangover. Maybe there's something to be said for screenwriters since the screenwriters of the original weren't involved in this one. http://www.jamespatterson.com/moviePicks.php#.UbuOmpyTWf8, My publisher is giving away the first three books in the Middle School series. Click here to enter the sweepstakes. http://www.jamespatterson.com/sweepstakes.php#.Ubo0MdgmZ8E There’s usually one every two weeks, announced on my newsletter: https://secure.ztfsb.net/hbgjpsubs/php/jpnewsletter.php, Book shoppers, have you ever passed by a bookstore and not gone in? What would have changed your mind? I’m gathering to save our bookstores, and any insights will help., Summer will be starting three days late this year. Sure, it officially starts on June 21st, but Second Honeymoon and Middle School: How I Survived Bullies, Broccoli, and Snake Hill both go on sale June 24th. You can’t start your summer without great summer books., Have you ever owned or worked in a bookstore? A lot of us are worried about the future of bookstores. What can we do to help?, Want a free book for your kid? If your kiddo reads 8 books this summer, The Barnes & Noble Summer Reading Program  give them a 9th book – free. http://www.barnesandnoble.com/u/summer-reading/379003570 For great book suggestions, check out www.readkiddoread.com., Delighted to announce that Maximum Ride: Nevermore has won the Lincolnshire Young People's Book Award, 12-14 years category. Thanks for voting! Link to some of th elovely things people said when voting here http://www.lincolnshire.gov.uk/residents/discover-libraries/for-young-people/lincolnshire-young-peoples-book-award-2013/young-peoples-book-award-2013-reviews/116221.article, Teachers! Librarians! Media Specialists! Lend us your ideas! What can we do to save the libraries in our schools and communities? Let me know in the comments section., I sat down with Grant Hill today for a SiriusXM Radio to get kids reading. He's a great guy, we laughed a lot., Have you read all my books? Some of them? None of them? Someone’s put together a checklist for you to find out. http://decoratingforevents.squidoo.com/james-patterson-book-list-the, I would probably cry if I read it again,” said Alexis Lambdin when describing her favorite book off the ReadKiddoRead list, “Mick Harte Was Here.” Alexis is just one of the Michigan State James Patterson Teacher Education Scholarship recipients. To learn about the rest, and their ReadKiddoRead picks, click here: http://blog.readkiddoread.com/spotlight-on-michigan-state-universitys-james-patterson-teacher-education-scholars/, Is the sequel to the award-winning Honeymoon any good? Read the first 16 chapters of Second Honeymoon for free, and see for yourself. http://issuu.com/jamespatterson/docs/secondhoneymoon_sampler, Please show your support for librarians by liking or sharing this post. In June, the school board in Utah’s Ogden School District will vote on whether or not to fire 20 librarians and replace them with part-time staff assistants. http://www.standard.net/stories/2013/04/26/ogden-school-district-notifies-librarians-job-terminations, Spider-Man is helping get kids reading this summer. No, really. The cast of “Spider-Man Turn Off the Dark” is visiting the Brooklyn Public Library on June 6 to get kids excited about summer reading. Can you imagine a better way to get boys into the library? http://brooklyneagle.com/articles/spider-man-will-be-swinging-brooklyn-public-library%E2%80%99s-summer-reading-kickoff-2013-05-20, Don’t just judge a book by its cover, also judge it by the first sixteen chapters - free. http://issuu.com/jamespatterson/docs/secondhoneymoon_sampler, Need something to keep the kiddos entertained during a road trip this summer? Audio books make the miles fly by – and get your kids interested in books. I think the Middle School audio books are particularly good, but that’s just me., If you're looking for some reading this weekend, the paperback of NYPD Red and the brand new Private Down Under (set in Australia, did you guess?) are just out in the UK. Enjoy!, If you want to get every freebie and book update for Middle School: How I Survived Bullies, Broccoli, and Snake Hill, then you might want to start following the Middle School Facebook page. https://www.facebook.com/MiddleSchoolBookSeries?ref=ts&fref=ts, Tomorrow is the last day of voting in the Lincolnshire Young People's Book Awards. Maximum Ride: Nevermore is shortlisted in the 12-14 year category. If you liked it do vote! http://www.lincolnshire.gov.uk/residents/discover-libraries/for-young-people/lincolnshire-young-peoples-book-award-2013/shortlist-titles-12-14-year-category/, I know a lot of fans daydream about which actress should play Maximum Ride. Leave your pick in the comments section, and I’ll post the most popular choices on my Pinterest account. http://pinterest.com/jamespatterson1/, Kids have been rallying throughout New York City to save their libraries from over $106 million in proposed cuts. Last Wednesday a whole crowd of kids stood on the steps of City Hall to save their libraries. Please give these kids some support. http://brooklyneagle.com/articles/kids-tell-city-don%E2%80%99t-cut-funding-libraries-2013-05-25-140000, Reading is great, but reading for free is even better. So check out the first 14 chapters of Middle School: How I Survived Bullies, Broccoli, and Snake Hill – completely free. http://issuu.com/jamespatterson/docs/middleschool_howisurvived_sampler, My thoughts on the new The Great Gatsby movie: This is not the Jay Gatsby I love, this is not the Nick Calloway I love, this is not the Daisy Buchanan I love. Visually stimulating, though, and I guess that’s enough for movie as opposed to book audiences., How do you keep kids from falling behind two grade levels during the summer? Simple – keep ‘em reading with the Summer Reading Pledge. They promise to read four books by the end of the summer, and you wind up with a kiddo who loves to read. You might even throw an ice cream cone into the bargain., I recently saw Star Trek Into Darkness. I am not and will never be a Trekkie but I do enjoy the storytelling of J.J. Abrams. This one’s pretty much guaranteed to keep you glued to your seat, even when the Enterprise is going at warp speed., Need some help shopping for graduation presents? If one of the graduates on your list is finishing up elementary school, then Middle School: The Worst Years of My Life might be the perfect gift. That’ll definitely get them laughing. http://www.jamespatterson.com/books_middleSchool.php#.UZ05ENgmZ8E, Show your support for librarians by liking or sharing this post. Tomorrow, Citrus County decides whether it should eliminate media specialists (a type of librarian) from its elementary and middle schools. Speak up if you agree we should let librarians stay where they belong – in the library, getting students excited about books. http://www.chronicleonline.com/content/school-district-charged-unrealistic-duty, Did you know that your kids can fall two years behind in school over the summer? Make sure that won’t happen by taking this quiz. http://blog.readkiddoread.com/we-read-in-our-house-and-all-summer-long-2/, Maximum Ride: Nevermore has been shortlisted for a book award in the UK. If you liked it please do vote for it! www.lincolnshire.gov.uk/lypba, I’m worried about the state of books in this country, but I’m glad I don’t have to worry about the river's end bookstore. They’re celebrating their 15th anniversary today, and still going strong. I met the owner, Bill Reilly, in New Orleans last year. He’s a great advocate for reading. http://www.riversendbookstore.com/, Cover reveal on USA Today about my upcoming kids’ book, Treasure Hunters. http://www.usatoday.com/story/life/books/2013/05/17/james-patterson-treasure-hunters-kids-book-series/2166987/, Do you like the cover for Gone, next book in the Michael Bennett series? I’m rather fond of it, myself. http://www.jamespatterson.com/books_michaelBennettSix.php#purchase, I don’t think he’d like an e-reader anyhow., Dwyane Wade may help his team win a lot of NBA games, but I’m more excited to see if he wins the Community Assist Award. There are few people who have given back more than he has, including the One on One webcast he did with me to help get kids reading. http://www.hothothoops.com/2013/4/30/4284776/vote-for-dwyane-wade-to-win-community-assist-award #OneonOne  And, you can watch our webcast now at www.JamesPattersonEvents.Com., Want an e-mail every time I have a new book coming out? Sign up for my newsletter, and get updates twice a month. https://secure.ztfsb.net/hbgjpsubs/php/jpnewsletter.php, Manchester United's Jonny Evans says Jack and Jill is his favourite book! Which Alex Cross is your favourite?, What do you think Joe’ll get Lindsay Boxer for her first Mother’s Day as a mom?, Still shopping for Mother’s Day gifts? Hint, hint. http://www.jamespatterson.com/books_12thOfNever.partOne.php#.UY1VeUomZ8E, I hear 12th of Never is a #1 New York Times Bestseller, but I’m a lot more interested in knowing if fans enjoyed it. So what did you think? Do you want another Women’s Murder Club novel?, The daughter of a friend of a friend drew this great picture of Wisty, from my Witch and Wizard series. Kids’ artwork puts a smile on my face. Hope it does the same for you., I know for a fact that Dwyane Wade doesn’t do good deeds for awards or recognition. At the same time, I’m sure he wouldn’t mind if you voted for him in the Community Assist Awards. http://www.hothothoops.com/2013/4/30/4284776/vote-for-dwyane-wade-to-win-community-assist-award I’ve seen Dwyane’s dedication to making the world a better place firsthand when we worked together on our One on One webcast, which you can watch now at www.JamesPattersonEvents.com. #OneonOne, Here’s another great shot of Patterson Cross – my wife, Sue, and I just loved meeting him and we’re so honored that our dear friends, Jim and Irene Karp (the horse’s owners) were kind enough to name him after me and Alex Cross. Here’s hoping we’ll be cheering for Patterson Cross in the Derby in 2016!, Nobody appreciates teachers like their own kids, and since my mother was an amazing teacher, I know just how talented, hardworking, and just plain amazing all of you are. To any teachers reading this, have a great Teacher Appreciation Week., “94% of parents say libraries are important for their children.” Count me in on that. More interesting findings about library use here: http://libraries.pewinternet.org/2013/05/01/parents-children-libraries-and-reading/, This just in from my UK publisher. It's always nice when people say they like your work. And this is one talented fan, I recently saw Oblivion. Really handsome film with some moments but also a little too much dead space. Long ago I learned to leave out the parts that people skim. A lot of movie makers haven't., Did you know that our own little horse – named Patterson Cross for obvious reasons – is from the same farm as the Kentucky Derby winner, Orb, and former champion Secretariat? Here's a pic from our trip to Louisville last week. www.claibornefarm.com, My passion is for the kids books I write. So the review of Middle School: My Brother is a Big Fat Liar in School Library Journal gave me a big smile. “A first-person narrative containing many moments of mayhem, misbehavior, and irreverence, heavily and humorously illustrated… This installment will not sit long on the shelf.”, To help out Spruce Street School in New York City, I'm auctioning off the prize of a lifetime - the chance to be a character in one of my books. Great prize, great cause, what more can you ask for? http://www.biddingforgood.com/auction/item/Item.action?id=194532392, null, Just 30 minutes until my live chat on Twitter. Tag your tweets #AskJamesPatterson and I'll do my best to answer as many as possible., Today is the last day to apply for College Book Bucks, so be sure any high school seniors you know get their entries in by midnight. The prizes are: 5 first place gift certificates for $1,000 apiece, 5 second place gift certificates for $500 apiece, and 100 third place gift certificates for $250 apiece. http://www.jamespatterson.com/college-book-bucks-entries.php#.UXlDy0omZ8E, Can you imagine an America without any great literature? I don’t think I’m the only one who can’t stand what’s going on with our books, bookstores, and libraries right now. So I made up a partial list of great books we can’t do without. I want to make people think about what’s at risk if we don’t protect our bookstores, our libraries, and our publishers., If your kids are crazy about snakes, then they probably devoured Nic Bishop: Snakes. And if that’s the case, you’d be crazy not to vote for it in the 2013 Kiddo Awards. http://blog.readkiddoread.com/vote-in-the-2013-kiddo-awards/, Join me for a Twitter chat with iBookstore on Wednesday at 1:00PM PST/4:00PM EST. Ask me anything. #AskJamesPatterson http://on.fb.me/Y9vgwt, null, Want to be a character in one of my books? I'm auctioning off this incredible prize to support Spruce Street School, along with some other great prizes. Check it out: http://www.biddingforgood.com/auction/item/Item.action?id=194532392, I had a great time kicking off World Book Night USA at Ann Patchett’s bookstore, Parnassus Books in Nashville. It was inspiring to see another author really doing something to keep bookstores alive., One of the biggest things that gives kids a love of reading is growing up in a house where everybody reads. Is your house like that? If so, show it off with this Facebook timeline cover photo., Here's what I thought of Temptation: Confessions of a Marriage Counselor: Tyler Perry is smart, his heart is always in the right place, and he knows how to tell a story., Only one hour to go until One on One, my webcast with Dwyane Wade to reach out to kids about how reading will change their lives. It’s at 1pm EST today, so please make sure you're signed up. www.jamespattersonevents.com #OneoneOne, Remember, 1:00 pm EST today, meet me and Dwyane Wade online for One on One, the most important webcast I’ve ever done. After all, what could be more important than getting our kids reading? www.jamespattersonevents.com #OneonOne, Just one more day to sign up for One on One, the webcast Dwyane Wade and I are holding to show kids how much reading can change their lives. Be sure to be in front of a computer (any computer will do) at 1:00 pm EST, because honestly, this really is a once in a lifetime event. www.jamespattersonevents.com Photo credit: Issac Baldizon/NBAE #OneonOne, null, My UK publisher just got this 4-star review of Middle School: Get Me Out of Here. Thanks Dan! Also a great review for a ReadKiddoRead Classic, Holes by Louis Sachar, Do you know a high school senior entering college in the fall? He or she could win up to $1,000 in books--one week left to enter!: http://bit.ly/oakXI2, I’m working with the Library of Congress as part of their board for three new Literacy Awards starting this year, funded in large part by philanthropist David Rubenstein, to provide cash prizes to those who have done the MOST to advance LITERACY in America. The Award Nominations close April 30, and the top prize is $150,000. Do you work with or know a group that deserves this award? Be sure to nominate them! http://www.read.gov/literacyawards/index.html, Do your kids love boy genius, Artemis Fowl? If so, I’m sure they would want you to vote for the teenage criminal mastermind in ReadKiddoRead's 2013 Kiddo Awards., Here’s a great article on One on One, the webcast Dwyane Wade and I are doing on April 25th. I’m really getting excited for this event, and I hope I’m not the only one. #OneonOne link to http://www.sun-sentinel.com/sports/miami-heat/fl-wade-patterson-literacy-040713-20130404,0,4089400.story, Time is running out to vote for your kids favorite books of 2013. Make sure your picks get the recognition they deserve. http://blog.readkiddoread.com/vote-in-the-2013-kiddo-awards/, My UK publishers were at the London Book Fair yesterday talking about my founding partnership of the Children’s Reading Fund. It’s a great campaign dedicated to improving the life chances for disadvantaged children in the UK. On my recent visit to the UK, I launched Get Dads Reading element of the campaign with HRH, The Duchess of Cornwall. LIKE if you believe that dads have a huge role to play in encouraging their children to read. Find out more here: http://bit.ly/XpoOAN, Be sure to submit your entries for the Pin Lindsay Boxer’s Nursery contest by midnight tonight. I hear there are some pretty adorable nurseries getting planned. http://pinterest.com/pin/89368373828063847/, The fact that Dwyane Wade is both an athlete AND a writer is such an inspiration for young people, and says a lot about the importance of books. I’m so excited for you to see us talk about this at One on One. Photo credit: Issac Baldizon/NBAE #OneonOne www.jamespattersonevents.com, I’m very excited about my upcoming webcast with Dwyane Wade—will you help me spread the word? Here’s the deal:  I’ll donate one book to the Chicago public schools for every “share” this post gets. Sign up to watch the webcast on 4/25: www.jamespattersonevents.com (My publisher says I have to cap it at some point, so we’ll stop counting at 9k. Can we get there?), Just one more day to finish your contest entries for Pin Lindsay Boxer’s Nursery. And less than two weeks until 12th of Never comes out. http://pinterest.com/pin/89368373828063847/, Looks like my publisher is pretty good at picking narrators for my audiobooks. Audiofile thought Cassandra Morris of Middle School: My Brother is a Big Fat Liar, “hits the mark with a trifecta of exuberance, innocence, and sarcasm.” Have you heard the audiobook? What do you think? http://www.audiofilemagazine.com/dbsearch/showreview.cfm?Num=79588, If you’ve got a funny kid planning on entering the I Funny. You Funny? Comedy Contest, make sure they get their entries in by tomorrow., Planning on using Pinterest this weekend? If you put your pinning skills to work at my publisher’s new contest, Pin Lindsay Boxer’s Nursery, you could win a hardcover copy of 12th of Never, which comes out April 29th. http://pinterest.com/jamespatterson1/contests/, Read 17 chapters free: http://bit.ly/1593bdc, I hope everyone is taking advantage of D.rop E.verything A.nd R.ead today. Not that you should ever need a specific holiday to make reading a priority., School Library Journal has a great article on the webcast Dwyane Wade and I are doing on April 25th. I’m so glad that the word is getting out there, and hopefully we’ll convince a lot of kids that reading can change their lives. #OneonOne http://www.slj.com/2013/03/books-media/authors-illustrators/james-patterson-miami-heats-dwyane-wade-to-partner-for-literacy-webcast/#_, I was thrilled to talk to the kids at Southern Middle School last week. They asked great questions, and it certainly didn’t hurt my vanity that most of them had read some of my books. Couldn’t ask for a better group of kids. http://fayobserver.com/articles/2013/04/05/1248577?sac=fo.local, Do you have any good ideas for Lindsay Boxer’s Nursery? Show them off in my publisher’s new contest on Pinterest, Pin Lindsay Boxer’s Nursery. Good way to get yourself psyched up for 12th of Never coming out on April 29th. http://pinterest.com/pin/89368373828063847/, How many Women’s Murder Club fans are on Pinterest? You might be interested in my publisher’s new contest: Pin Lindsay Boxer’s Nursery. Sounds like fun. And remember, 12th of Never hits stores April 29th. http://pinterest.com/pin/89368373828063847/, The grand prize for the I Funny. You Funny? Comedy Contest is a trip to Universal Studios Florida® theme park in Orlando, but up to 10 first prize winners will also have a chance to have one of their jokes written in to I Funny 2. www.ifunnycontest.com, Hey high school seniors, want a gift certificate for $1,000 worth of free books? For a chance to win, enter College Book Bucks: http://bit.ly/10MHtHc, Here’s something I know Maximum Ride fans will like – a tumblr page my publisher set up for my young adult books. Plenty of pictures like this one for all my ya series – Maximum Ride, Witch and Wizard, and Confessions of a Murder Suspect. www.jpya.tumblr.com, How many of your kids have read (and loved) Glory Be, by  Augusta Scattergood? Show this story of race and friendship in a small Southern town a little love by voting for it in the 2013 Kiddo Awards. http://blog.readkiddoread.com/vote-in-the-2013-kiddo-awards/, I try not to recommend something unless it blows my mind. Well, I can honestly say that Where'd You Go, Bernadette did just that. It’s one of the most funny, engaging things I’ve read in a long while. You can take a look at some free chapters here. https://www.facebook.com/WheredYouGoBernadette/app_338698169549225, Have you submitted your kids’ entries for the I Funny. You Funny? Comedy Contest? Better hurry up. That trip to Universal Studios Florida® theme park in Orlando won’t win itself. www.ifunnycontest.com, School Library Journal gave me no easy task when they asked me to judge between NO CRYSTAL STAIR and SPLENDORS AND GLOOM in their Battle of the Kids’ Books. Here’s my take on these two amazing books…and which one is just that little bit better. http://bit.ly/10m6CXX, Heartfelt congrats to Drew TeDuits who won the men’s 200 backstroke at the NCAA championships this weekend. Wow. He’s the first Badger to do so since 1959, and he's only a sophomore! Drew is one of the exceptional students Sue and I support through the scholarships we set up at the University of Wisconsin-Madison. We couldn’t be prouder. On Wisconsin!, If you’re in Nashville on April 22nd, please stop by Parnassus Books, where Ann Patchett and I will help kick off World Book Night 2013. The next day, thousands of volunteers will be giving out free copies of great books, including Middle School: The Worst Years of My Life to light readers. There’s nothing more exciting for me than sharing the love of reading. www.us.worldbooknight.org, Are your kids getting spring fever? Channel their energy into humor, by having them make a comedy video for the I Funny. You Funny? Comedy Contest. www.ifunnycontest.com, Dwyane Wade and the Miami Heat may have lost the game last night, but kids in Miami and Chicago are the real winners. Dwyane scored 18 points, so my publisher and I will be donating a total of 18,000 books to schools in both cities. If you want to see more of Dwyane and me working together to get kids reading, sign up to watch our live national webcast on April 25th at 1pm ET at www.jamespattersonevents.com. Photo credit: Issac Baldizon/NBAE #OneonOne, A giving app that turns your shopping into donations to ReadKiddoRead. Help us today - http://bit.ly/rkrgive, Would you make a good detective? My publishers in Australia and New Zealand have created this quiz for you to find out. And if you take the quiz before 31 March, there’s also a $4000 trip to the USA to be won!, Am out in L.A. right now and it’s true what they say about it being full of stars. I ran into Robert Redford. I’ve always been very impressed by how he’s taken independent film making to a higher plateau. We also talked a lot about how important it is to get kids reading., Even if you don’t normally watch basketball, please tune into ESPN Wednesday night to see the Miami Heat play the Chicago Bulls.  Why am I asking you to watch?   Because for each point the Heat’s Dwyane Wade scores, my publisher and I are giving 1,000 books to Miami-area students. And—with you and me rooting him on—I’m hoping he’ll be making a lot of kids’ days.  My publisher’s set up this event page https://www.facebook.com/events/496114430449483/ for more details and to give yourself and your friends a reminder.  Many thanks., Educators, please consider signing up for One on One to show your students on April 25th at 1:00 pm EST. It’s a national webcast I’m doing with the NBA’s Dwyane Wade (they may have heard of him even if not of me) to show kids how reading can change their lives. http://www.jamespattersonevents.com/ #OneonOne, Thanks for all the birthday wishes, everyone. And thanks to Sue for only putting one candle on my yummy birthday cupcake., Dwyane Wade and I are calling our webcast One on One, but if it’s just the two of us it’ll be awfully lonely. They tell me you can register for the One on One Facebook event to let all of your friends know that you’re going. https://www.facebook.com/events/369615536487447/ #OneonOne, null, Part of the reason more kids don’t read is because they don’t realize how much of a difference it can make in their lives. That’s why Dwyane Wade of Miami Heat and I are going to tell them all about it, with One on One, our live national webcast on April 25th at 1:00 pm EST. Please sign up here: http://www.jamespattersonevents.com. #OneonOne, I’m so excited to be an honorary chair for World Book Night USA 2013 on April 23rd. If you’d like to join me in celebrating Shakespeare’s birthday by giving out free books (including Middle School: The Worst Years of My Life) check out www.WorldBookNight.org., Wish you could get an exact number score to let you know how your kiddo is doing at reading? Some reading experts developed a test to do just that. We’re calling it RQ—kind of what IQ is to intelligence—and you can take it right now. http://on.fb.me/YCzl89, My book may be called Middle School: My Brother’s a Big Fat Liar, but since I’m no liar, trust me when I say that this book is on sale today, and that I put my all into it. To see what I mean, read the first 15 chapters for free. http://issuu.com/jamespatterson/docs/middle_school_big_fat_liar_preview?mode=window, Miami Heat’s Dwyane Wade and I will be answering your questions during One on One, our live national webcast on April 25th. If you’d like to ask something, add it to the comments of this post by 12:00 pm EST tomorrow. Include your first name, first initial of your last name, and hometown. We’ll try to answer as many as we can. #OneonOne, Have you ever wondered what I’d look like as a cake? Probably not, but the answer is below anyway. Brought to you by a delightful English baker., I guess it’s thanks to pre-orders, but MY BROTHER IS A BIG FAT LIAR, the next book in the Middle School series, is  already a #1 bestseller.  I know I’ve written a few books over the years, but I still get nerves about launches. But being #1 already—and the 4 & 1/2 stars people are giving the free preview http://www.amazon.com/Middle-School-Brother-Big-Liar/dp/0316207543/ref=pd_sim_b_3#reader_B009RBQLLU—are making me a little more confident about this coming Monday when it goes on sale.  Thanks for the kind reviews, and for pre-ordering!“, Most of us don’t look forward to Mondays. I hear a few of us are making an exception this weekend. http://issuu.com/jamespatterson/docs/middle_school_big_fat_liar_preview?mode=window, My publisher tells me the I Funny. You Funny? Comedy Contest has a nice prominent position on the reading warehouse website. http://www.thereadingwarehouse.com/ Teachers, while you’re there, they’ve got some great resources for you., I don’t want to brag about how great Alex Cross, Run is. Instead, I think I’ll let this book reviewer do it for me. http://www.breitbart.com/Big-Hollywood/2013/02/24/Alex-Cross-Run-Review-James-Patterson-Serves-Up-Swell-Serving-of-Cross, I love libraries of all shapes and sizes, and boy, do they come in a lot of different shapes and sizes. http://www.good.is/posts/four-amazing-mini-libraries-that-will-inspire-you-to-read, Since Alex Cross’s kids go to Sojourner Truth School, they’re learning all about her for Women’s History Month. Are your kids learning about any amazing ladies this March?, This review of I Funny by book blog Once Upon a Twilight couldn’t make me happier. The reviewer picked up I Funny to help her son, who was struggling with reading for pleasure, and found herself loving the book herself. http://networkedblogs.com/J4k2O, What can YOU do to get kids reading? To start with, you can sign up for One on One, the live national podcast Miami Heat’s Dwyane Wade and I are hosting. We’ll talk about what we can do to get kids reading, answer some questions, and maybe even have some special guests (VERY special). Sign up here: www.jamespattersonevents.com. #OneonOne, College Book Bucks is back. High school seniors who best answer the question, “How has your favorite book pushed you towards what you’d like to do in life?” will receive gift certificates ranging from $250 to $1,000 to spend on books at an independent bookstore of their choice. You can enter here: http://bit.ly/XCXakC, Lindsay Boxer tells me I have to mention that today is International Women’s Day, and I wouldn’t get on her bad side for anything., I grew up with two adoring sisters, but Rafe of Middle School fame has a little sister named Georgia who... well, don’t let me spoil anything. Her side of the story hits stores and e-retailers March 18th. And my publisher tells me you can read the first 15 chapters for free right now: http://middleschoolbooks.com/, Today is World Read Aloud Day and we are asking everyone to read to a child. Join http://litworld.org/ on their global mission., In the past six months I released two Alex Cross books. Which one is better? SHARE this post if you prefer Alex Cross, Run’s three killers at once, or LIKE if Merry Christmas, Alex Cross’s holiday cheer was more your speed. If you can’t choose, do both., Our boy, Patterson Cross, is growing up!, Read 19 chapters free!: http://bit.ly/XBBCzY, I had a feeling I was on to something good while writing ALEX CROSS, RUN, and it looks like Bookreporter.com agrees. At least, that’s what I got from, “Patterson, 20 books into the series, shows no sign of slowing down and gives every indication that he has nowhere near exhausted his supply of ideas or, more importantly, unforgettable characters.” 

http://www.bookreporter.com/reviews/alex-cross-run, I want to recognize the books released this year that got our kids reading. But to decide, I need your help. Please vote in this year’s Kiddo Awards. Let me know which books your kids just couldn’t put down. http://blog.readkiddoread.com/vote-in-the-2013-kiddo-awards/, I’ll bet Michael Bennett’s 10 adopted children could put together an amazing video for the I Funny. You Funny? Comedy Contest. Fortunately, your kids won’t have to keep up with them since they’re fictional characters. http://www.ifunnycontest.com/, Looking for something good to read? For free? Here’s 15 chapters of Middle School: My Brother’s a Big Fat Liar. http://issuu.com/jamespatterson/docs/middle_school_big_fat_liar_preview?mode=window, Guess who’s going to be a judge on School Library Journal’s Battle of the Kids' Books? I’ll give you a hint, you’re reading his Facebook post right now. So excited about this, we definitely need more recognition for outstanding kids’ books. http://battleofthebooks.slj.com/2013/02/22/2013-judge-james-patterson/, If you want a chance at an IPad mini, a collection of all my YA books, and $500, then you’d better get writing today. The Figment Witch and Wizard contest ends tomorrow, so you’ll need to have your 500-word story in tip-top shape by then. http://figment.com/contests/james-patterson/, No matter what you think of Lady Gaga’s music, I was delighted to hear she’s partnering with the St. Paul Public Library to empower teens and get them reading. Other pop stars take note - this is how to use your fame for good.

http://bit.ly/SRZ7Jy, Which books did your kids literally devour this year? Vote for them, in the Kiddo Awards. http://blog.readkiddoread.com/vote-in-the-2013-kiddo-awards/, Wish you could throw a pie at my face? Zachary Gordon of Diary of a Wimpy Kid got to. To watch the attack, and my revenge, click here: www.youtube.com/jamespattersonkids, Here I am with Camilla, Duchess of Cornwall, as we kick off a new program to get dads all across England reading with their kids. Camilla was very sweet and nice and down to earth. My book tours don’t usually include royalty., A thoroughbred named Patterson Cross, via our friends the Karps from Kentucky. Only three hours old in these pictures! Watch for Patterson Cross three years from now in the Kentucky Derby., I want to recognize the books released this year that got our kids reading. But to decide, I need your help. Please vote in this year’s Kiddo Awards. Let me know which books your kids just couldn’t put down. http://blog.readkiddoread.com/vote-in-the-2013-kiddo-awards/, Just in case you were curious, you don’t have to have read any previous Private books to enjoy Private Berlin. This is the first book to take place at Private’s Berlin office, so it has an all new setting and characters., Have I mentioned that the contest prize for I Funny. You Funny? Comedy Contest is a trip to Universal Studios Florida® theme park in Orlando for the winner and his or her guardian? http://www.ifunnycontest.com, Pamela Bowles left this comment on my Facebook page, “Thank you, Mr Patterson for the book I Funny. It is like pulling teeth for my son to read. He can't put this book down. Read for 5 hours this weekend. Thank You. Thank You.”, Alex Cross’s kids are really funny. Too bad I’m not letting fictional characters enter I Funny? You Funny! The Search for the Funniest Kids in North America. Are your kids funny? Then give this a look: www.ifunnycontest.com, What do I look for in a co-author? Read this interview with Mark Sullivan, co-author of Private Berlin, to find out. http://www.washingtonpost.com/lifestyle/style/james-patterson-the-way-he-writes-he-might-as-well-be-printing-money/2013/01/17/cfbc8a62-5e9e-11e2-9940-6fc488f3fecd_story.html, If you take public transportation, be careful with Private Berlin. Pamela Thornton commented on my recent Facebook post that, “I can't take another PRIVATE. Mr. James what are you trying to do to us. I missed my stop while reading.”, Let’s spread the word on which books are the best at getting our kids reading. Vote in the Kiddo Awards now. http://blog.readkiddoread.com/vote-in-the-2013-kiddo-awards/, This standup video made me laugh. Hoping the contest submissions for the I Funny. You Funny? Comedy Contest will be just as hilarious. [link to http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gXMlKyItt2w], That Brian guy at Barnes & Noble just made my Valentine’s list. He selected the new Witch & Wizard book, The Kiss, as one of his teen picks. You can read the free preview here. http://www.barnesandnoble.com/sample/read/9780316101912, Read 19 chapters free!: http://bit.ly/XBBCzY, Less than a week to go until you can get your copy of ALEX CROSS, RUN. How are you handling the wait?

http://bit.ly/VeVbS2, Which is better, Alex Cross matching wits with serial killers, or Lindsay Boxer tracking down murderers? “Like” this post if you prefer the Doctor Detective, “Share” if you’re more a fan of San Francisco’s newest Mommy Cop., I've been ready for Mardi Gras for a while now thanks to some good friends in NOLA who sent this authentic King Cake., I knew I needed someone with a great comedy background to help me get the word out about the I Funny? You Funny! Contest, so I asked Zachary Gordon, star of The Diary of a Wimpy Kid movies, to be our spokesperson. He’s one funny kind., Here’s another really positive review for I FUNNY: http://www.kidsreads.com/reviews/i-funny. It’s from Kidsreads.com: “In addition to the humor, Patterson does a great job of using the storyline to address many social issues like bullying, being handicapped or “differently-abled” and adoption.”, Last chance to bid to become a character in one of my upcoming novels. Proceeds benefit the National Kidney Foundation Inc., but you need to get that bid in by 3pm ET today: http://chrty.bz/URSZ0Y, Anyone who knows me knows I’m practically addicted to Graeter's Ice Cream, so I added a Pinterest board dedicated to my characters’ favorite ice cream flavors.

http://bit.ly/WbZDjy, Think your kid is the next Jay Leno? They could be, especially if they win the I Funny. You Funny? Comedy Contest.

http://ifunnycontest.com/, To everyone living in the Northeast, stay safe out there. A storm like Nemo is nothing to mess around with., James Patterson: two holes-in-one in less than three days. If I’d written something like that in one of my books, you wouldn’t have believed it., Any really good writers out there? Here's a chance to show off your talents and maybe win some cool stuff. Figment is having a short story contest based on the theme of forbidden love, like in my new book, Witch and Wizard: The Kiss. Find out more here: http://bit.ly/VtJv00, Another hole in one today! My second on the same hole in less than six months. Now that I've finally tied Sue's hole in one record (4-4), I think that deserves a place of honor., Wish you could throw a pie at my face? Zachary Gordon of Diary of a Wimpy Kid got to. To watch the attack, and my revenge, click here: http://www.ifunnycontest.com., What are the most kid-approved books of the year? VOTE NOW on ReadKiddoRead: http://bit.ly/YRvoTj, Who's funnier, Michael Bennett or Lindsay Boxer? Your kids are probably funnier than either of them, and if they win the I Funny? You Funny! Comedy Contest, both of you could go on a VIP tour of Universal Orlando Resort this July. Enter at http://www.ifunnycontest.com/., Here’s a clip from Diary of a Wimpy Kid where Zachary Gordon, spokesperson for my new contest, I Funny? You Funny! The Search for the Funniest Kids in North America, shows off some great physical comedy. Submit your own kids’ funny videos on January 28th…just…don’t try anything dangerous. http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AaqAMkdFQ4A, Thanks to good friends, I've got my King Cake from NOLA and I'm ready for the Super Bowl! Who dat?, Here’s a funny video on filming tips for making funny videos. Very useful for anyone planning on entering their kids’ videos in the I Funny. You Funny? Comedy Contest. http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=emjhr6V4lAo, Is it cold where you are? Warm to the idea of spending a few days this summer with your kid at Universal Studios Florida® theme park in Orlando, because that’s the contest prize for I Funny? You Funny! The Search for the Funniest Kids in North America. http://www.youtube.com/jamespattersonkids, Is Maximum Ride funny enough to win the I Funny? You Funny! Comedy Contest? Maybe, but as a fictional character she can’t enter. Your kids can, though. Go to www.youtube.com/jamespattersonkids to find out more., Know any funny kids? If they’re between 8 and 15, let them know about my publisher’s new contest, I Funny? You Funny! The Search for the Funniest Kids in North America. They can submit their videos starting today, and the grand prize is a trip to Universal Studios Florida® theme park in Orlando. http://www.youtube.com/jamespattersonkids, Have someone you wish you could send to Siberia? With the Spell Caster Facebook game for Witch and Wizard: The Kiss, you can at least send their Facebook page there. I hear if you cast enough spells there’s some interesting prizes. http://witchandwizardspellcaster.com/, Zachary Gordon, spokesperson for the “I Funny? You Funny! Search for the Funniest Kids in North America Contest,” is showing off his own comedic chops in this preview for "The Incredible Burt Wonderstone." Please be sure to submit your kids’ funny videos to the contest starting tomorrow (and stay tuned for the link).

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QphnhqVXEek, I’ve played with the idea of opening my own bookstore for years, but my co-chair for World Book Night 2013, Ann Patchett, actually did it. Here’s a great article on her store, Parnassus Books.

http://www.theatlantic.com/magazine/archive/2012/12/the-bookstore-strikes-back/309164/1/, Know someone you wish you could send to Siberia? With the Witch and Wizard Spell Caster app, you can at least send their Facebook page there. I hear we're only a few spells away from unlocking the first page of the lost chapter from the new book, THE KISS.

http://witchandwizardspellcaster.com/, Have you ever wanted to be immortalized in a book? Here's your chance. Bid now to become a character in my upcoming novel. Proceeds benefit the National Kidney Foundation Inc. http://chrty.bz/URSZ0Y, If you want to be a witch or wizard like Whit and Wisty, here’s your chance. My publisher made a “Spell Caster” Facebook game. Cast enough spells, and you can unlock a “lost” chapter for Witch and Wizard: The Kiss.

www.facebook.com/witchandwizard/app_439291162811563, Here’s a neat little graphic my publisher made for I FUNNY. Really sums up the theme of the book.

www.ifunnybooks.com, Looks like we’ve got another principal offering to sleep on the roof if his students read enough books, which is great. A few years ago I gave a Pageturner award to a principal for doing the same thing. Would love it if this became a trend.

http://www.huffingtonpost.com/2013/01/10/don-gillett-elementary-sc_n_2448835.html?ir=Books&ref=topbar, Here’s a great article my co-author, Mark Sullivan, wrote for Publishers Weekly about the process behind writing PRIVATE BERLIN: http://bit.ly/12q28lJ. Just three more days until you can read the finished product for yourself., The Private Investigations agency may excel at keeping secrets, but I see no reason to be discreet with this free preview for their next book, PRIVATE BERLIN: http://bit.ly/WbtAyV. Share with whomever you want., I was sad to hear that one of my literary heroes, Evan S. Connell, passed away last week. You can read more about him here: http://wapo.st/10mTzKk, Here’s an interesting article about famous people who started their careers in advertising, including yours truly. And maybe we should have given that Salman Rushdie guy another chance?

http://www.businessinsider.com/famous-people-you-never-knew-started-in-advertising-2013-1#, Today my young adult books get a new home on the Web. From now on you can find them all at www.JamesPattersonYA.com., Any How I Met Your Mother fans looking forward to the show’s return from Christmas break tonight? I'd bet our spokesperson for the upcoming I Funny? You Funny! Contest, Zachary Gordon, is--he’s appeared in a couple of episodes., Zachary Gordon, star of the Diary of a Wimpy Kid movies, will be helping me launch my publisher’s new YouTube contest, I Funny? You Funny! The Search for the Funniest Kids in North America, starting January 28th. They tell me more details to come, so stay tuned for an official link., Volume 6 of the Maximum Ride manga just—what’s the term?—landed at #1 on the New York Times Manga Bestseller list.

http://bit.ly/SrJqZv, This article on Ann Patchett’s independent bookstore makes me even more excited to co-chair World Book Night 2013 with her. She knows of what she speaks. There is truly nothing quite like a good bookstore.

http://www.theatlantic.com/magazine/archive/2012/12/the-bookstore-strikes-back/309164/1/, Each month we give away a great set of books on ReadKiddoRead:, Just back from L.A., where I was shooting footage for the big I FUNNY talent contest. More on that coming soon..., Hope to get your kids reading more in the New Year? I’ve been told that even kids who claim they hate to read love I FUNNY.

www.ifunnybooks.com, Over the weekend I saw Django Unchained, the companion piece to "Inglourious Basterds." Same strengths—for me at least—and same weaknesses. Great set pieces. But Tarantino doesn’t go as deep as he might, just gets angry and kills everybody in sight., I set up some scholarships at Florida Atlantic University to help students become great teachers. And to say thanks, they’re awarding me an honorary doctorate at graduation. Dr. Jimmy?  I like it.

http://articles.sun-sentinel.com/2012-12-14/news/fl-fau-james-patterson-tophat-20121214_1_james-patterson-fau-s-department-readers-and-writers, Saw Les Misérables with the whole damn family, and everybody loved it—except me. I only liked it. Soap operas, even with good music, are always messy. Maybe that’s the point: they’re messy just like life., The Hollywood Reporter put together a list of the 25 most powerful writers in Hollywood. They say I’m #8 – with a nice shout-out to Alex Cross and my upcoming Middle School and Maximum Ride movies. Read all about it here: http://www.hollywoodreporter.com/lists/8-james-patterson-394091, Read 23 chapters free! http://bit.ly/10ViaF4, Thought it was great catching up, too. And I appreciate the ReadKiddoRead mention. The Wade's World Foundation is doing some pretty good work as well., Read 23 chapters free! http://bit.ly/10ViaF4, Wondering if your kids will like I FUNNY? Julia, a 6th grade student at the American School Foundation in Mexico City, found it worthy of making a funny face.

www.ifunnybooks.com, Happy New Year everyone! I just read that doctors found a feather in the neck of a baby in England. They say she probably swallowed it, but I’m thinking, could this be how the Flock starts? Is Maximum Ride far behind?

http://www.huffingtonpost.com/2012/12/13/feather-pulled-from-baby-mya-whittington-neck_n_2294343.html, Christmas shopping is over (phew) but you can still help get kids reading by downloading the Giving Assistant: www.readkiddoread.com/assist. Once it’s on your computer, a percentage of every purchase you make at participating online stores goes to support ReadKiddoRead’s pro-literacy initiatives., You’ll still have to wait until February 4th to read Witch and Wizard: The Kiss, but here’s the next best thing – a 16-chapter extended preview: www.witchandwizard.com

Think this will hold you over until the book launch?, Here's me with Dwyane Wade of the Miami Heat--athlete, gentleman, and dedicated supporter of reading. It doesn't get larger-than-life than that. Speaking of which, he's not that much taller than me, is he?, How go the thank-you notes? Here's one from me:
"Dear Readers, 

Thank you for making I FUNNY number one, and for making MIDDLE SCHOOL a top-ten title again, too. Hope your kiddos are enjoying their non-school reading this break. 

Best,
James"

ifunnybooks.com, I had the pleasure of meeting Dwyane Wade this past weekend. We talked about getting kids reading, and we’re both on the same page. Wish I could dunk like him, though., From my family to yours, have a wonderful and safe holiday., Your iPad could probably use another Christmas app, which is why my publisher made an app for my children’s book, santaKid. It’s good fun, and the iPad never tires out like we do when asked to read aloud the same story over and over and over . . .
  
https://itunes.apple.com/us/app/santakid-a-holiday-adventure/id580190307?mt=8, I’m excited to be going to the Miami Heat game tonight. I might be meeting Dwyane Wade. He’s a big fan of getting kids reading, and so I’m a big fan of Dwyane Wade, Anyone doing more Christmas shopping today? Don’t forget to pick up I FUNNY. It makes a great gift for both kids who love to read and kids who hate to read. And I hear adults are enjoying it, too.

http://www.ifunnybooks.com/, Looks like the world didn’t end. Time to celebrate with a good book. May I suggest… MERRY CHRISTMAS, ALEX CROSS… or maybe something for the kids, too—like I FUNNY?

http://www.jamespatterson.com/books.php#.UNSAdKz-uFE, For anybody who’s ever wanted to see what my office looks like… tune in to Rock Center with Brian Williams tonight at 10pm/9c on NBC, when I give Harry Smith a tour. Here's a preview: http://www.msnbc.msn.com/id/21134540/vp/50230140#50230140, Andrea Spooner--editor extraordinaire of my kids' books and ReadKiddoRead board member--stopped by the Today Show yesterday to announce ReadKiddoRead's donation of 100,000 copies of I FUNNY, my newest, to the Today Toy Drive. I think she did great. See for yourselves: http://video.today.msnbc.msn.com/today/50247092#50247092, Looks like I gave you all the wrong link last night to the santaKid 
iPad app sweepstakes. You can enter to win one of the 10 free downloads here: https://www.facebook.com/jamespatterson01/app_319406151431655

The sweepstakes runs until Friday, so there's still time to enter, and still time to add a little Christmas cheer to your iPad. And now you're very familiar with the terms and conditions--bonus!, The editor of my kids’ books is appearing on the Today Show momentarily on behalf of my website, ReadKiddoRead. Please give her a good holiday cheer if you have a chance.

http://today.msnbc.msn.com/, I seem to have landed on the AARP's list of 50 inspirational people over the age of 50. Looks like I’ll have to stop pretending to be 21 now that my age is in print. Shucks.

http://www.aarp.org/entertainment/style-trends/info-12-2012/influential-entertainers.html#slide1, Fort Knox has something more valuable than its gold. I’m talking about its amazing servicemen and women. They’ve helped me donate tons of books to the military community, and now they’ve gone and made a Christmas tree out of my books for their library., Congrats to Tyler Perry. His amazing work as Alex Cross just earned him a 2013 NAACP Image Awards nomination for Outstanding Actor in a Motion Picture., You may not have heard of the Dreyfoos School of the Arts. It’s an amazing place that sent more kids to Juilliard last year than any other school in the country. So Sue and I were thrilled to be the sponsors of this year’s annual Prism Concert at the Kravis Center., My thoughts and prayers go out to the community of Newtown, Connecticut. The thought of something like this happening is frankly more than this parent can handle., I don’t believe I’ve met Brian at Barnes & Noble, but thank you, Brian. I see you’ve named I FUNNY one of your top young reader picks. Careful, or I’ll have to name you one of my “top old author picks.” Appreciate the attention.

http://www.barnesandnoble.com/w/i-funny-james-patterson/1110911836?ean=9780316206938, In case your kiddo didn’t write any books on this year’s list for Santa, here are some books guaranteed to make great gifts: www.readkiddoread.com, Well it’s only been three days, but so far so good—I FUNNY’s first readers seem to be giving it the highest rating possible: 5 stars. The book took a lot of long, careful hours to write, but seeing that makes it all worthwhile. Thank you.

http://amzn.to/UWh347, My publisher made an app to go along with my Christmas picture book, santaKid. Your kids will be dashing through the pages in a one horse open smartphone.

https://itunes.apple.com/us/app/santakid-a-holiday-adventure/id580190307?mt=8, Apparently some people think I write memorable phrases, so I’ve made a board on my Pinterest account for graphics people have made of my quotes. Do you have a particular favorite quote you think should be on there?

http://pinterest.com/jamespatterson1/quotes/, Saw Hitchcock this weekend. It was witty, clever, funny, and a must for Hitchcock fans (of which I’m one). The screenwriter for Hitchcock, who also penned Black Swan, just finished the TV pilot for our very own Private. It’s witty, clever, funny, scary, and definitely for all JP fans. Hopefully, it’s for the networks as well.

http://youtu.be/_Uw6fweoB8E, Here’s a librarian and a 6th grade teacher showing their support for I FUNNY with the world’s easiest Where’s Waldo ever., If you haven’t already heard their story, the George family are some of the nicest people you could hope to meet. I was thrilled to help John Paul sell his book, Heart of a Lion, about his son’s struggles with (and triumph over) a heart condition. You can read more about it here.

http://blogs.palmbeachpost.com/quickpulse/2012/11/20/author-james-patterson-surprises-local/, Excitement for I FUNNY has officially gone global. Here’s a librarian from Mexico City donning our silly glasses to help spread the news about the next title in my Middle School Book Series., MERRY CHRISTMAS, ALEX CROSS just hit bookstores, and now I FUNNY is launching Monday. Want to know how I write so many books? Check out this piece I did with PARADE Magazine on my writing process.

http://www.parade.com/celebrity/personality-parade/2012/11/25/how-does-james-patterson-write-so-many-books.html, What’s your kids’ least favorite school lunch? Rafe of the Middle School Book Series has some insider information on his school’s meatloaf. http://bit.ly/VxiFn1, I’ve received a lot of honors before, but this just might be the biggest one yet. World Book Night has chosen me as an honorary co-chair, alongside the amazing Ann Patchett. This is an incredible event, so if you have a minute, check out their website or even consider volunteering.

http://www.us.worldbooknight.org/, ‘Tis the season for me to be jolly—a reviewer just called MERRY CHRISTMAS, ALEX CROSS “one of [my] best books to date.” Can you see me smiling?, null, null, More from Halloween: Daniel’s mom posted this picture of him having a very bookish Halloween., One thing I’m very thankful for is having a son who’s a reader. But if your kids are more sports-inclined, why not try to squeeze in some book time during halftime? ReadKiddoRead is featuring a Tailgate Book Club with tips and book lists to use with your young sports fans., If I told you that you could help get kids reading without donating any money or spending any time, would you believe me? You should. Because if you download Giving Assistant, then every time you buy something from a sponsored site (like Amazon.com or Best Buy, to name a few), a portion of your purchase will go to ReadKiddoRead. www.readkiddoread.com/assist, Sharon posted this great picture from Halloween of an unusual ZOO reader. Glad to see even skeletons like my books., My post about letting my beard grow until Washington makes books and reading an official priority got some interesting responses. Kathe Englert Sumrill thinks, “If you wait for that you will end up looking like Rip Van Winkle.” Now you’ve got me curious what that might look like. Maybe I could start crediting my books as Rip Van Patterson?, Had a great interview with Nadia Bilchik on CNN the other day, talking Alex Cross, Tyler Perry, Confessions of a Murder Suspect, and of course, how to get kids reading., If you’re an educator, you might want to start paying attention to the Miami Heat’s Dwyane Wade. He recently sponsored the Reading Playoffs, a competition for kids based on their summer reading. Think something like that would work at your school?

http://youtu.be/P-3Yz8pwsZU, When I posted that I’m considering letting my beard grow until Washington makes books and reading an official priority, a lot of you said it’ll never happen. A lot of people seem to think my beard will be down to my feet, and there were several mentions of ZZ Top. What do you think? Is there anything that will make our politicians sit up and pay attention to literacy?, Deadline: today! Last chance to vote for your favorite books of 2012 in the Goodreads Choice Awards. (And, yes, I’m proud to be a contender for Best Mystery & Thriller, with 11TH HOUR.)

http://www.goodreads.com/choiceawards/best-mystery-thriller-books-2012, What’s this?! Only 4 and a half stars for the preview of I FUNNY?! Apparently that translates to ten 5-star reviews and just one 1-star review with no comment as to why they gave it only 1 star. (Note to self: villain for a future book--the 1-Star Bandit.) Feel like reassuring an expectant author? The book’s not out till we’re a little closer to Christmas but you can read the first chapters for free here: http://bit.ly/SoMuSb. I’d appreciate your honest opinion., I know we're already past Thanksgiving, but I still have some unfinished business from Halloween to take care of. Liz posted this great photo of her Maximum Ride Halloween costume. Excellent work--those wings came out great., Publishers Weekly’s webcast, KidsCast, is a great way to learn more about books your kids will love. This week, they’re doing me the honor of letting me discuss my next Middle School book, I FUNNY, as well as ReadKiddoRead., A friend just pointed out that readers are giving five stars for the first chapters of the new Alex Cross book. I can live with that. Here’s a link if you haven’t tried them yet.

http://amzn.to/TYqWvr, I’m so tired of hearing about celebrity scandals, but here’s one famous basketball player I can’t hear enough about. Dwyane Wade is stepping up to get kids reading, working with his Wade's World Foundation, sponsoring the Reading Playoffs, and supporting Reading Takes You Far. More celebrity gossip like this, please., Thank you, Walmart shoppers, for giving KILL ALEX CROSS, last year’s Alex Cross novel, such good reviews. My publisher tells me it’s out this week in paperback. 

http://www.walmart.com/ip/20900814, If you’re a parent, my publisher has a favor to ask. If you have a spare minute, can you please answer a quick question or two over here? http://www.surveymonkey.com/s/BPKMWHY

Many thanks and hope you have a happy Thanksgiving., Readers at Powell's Books, Inc. in Portland, Oregon, appear to be endorsing the first Maximum Ride book with a perfect rating. If you've finished NEVERMORE and are curious to see how it all started... http://bit.ly/109aM7e, The owner of The Bookstore Plus in Lake Placid, New York, and her family loved their advance reader copy of I FUNNY so much they decided to get in on the act. If you find yourself in Lake Placid, The Bookstore Plus is one of my favorite stores. Excellent books, and as you can see, the owners have a great sense of humor., This little girl’s got a real future as a book critic, with such insightful analysis, gorgeous drawings, and, if I do say so myself, excellent taste. Her opinion of I FUNNY is, “Get it when it comes out, ok?” Couldn’t have written a better call to action myself., A shout-out to the Friends of Richland Library of Richland, Mississippi, who created a Facebook page for their local library because “We are a group of people, families and organizations that understand how important a local library is to our community.”  Way to go, Richland., More from Barnes & Noble's list of the best books of 2012: the recently released NEVERMORE made the grade, too. You can see Maximum Ride's shining star here, and check out some free chapters from the book: http://bit.ly/UvS1EB, The second book in the Middle School Book Series was just named one of Barnes & Noble's best books of 2012. I think I did some other good ones this year, too. But I’m very happy for lead character, Rafe. If you have any kids on your shopping list and want to check it out, you can browse it for free here: http://bit.ly/UJmkYP, For MY IDEAL BOOKSHELF, 100 people in the arts were asked what books meant the most to them. Here’s my list. Does anything surprise you?

http://ow.ly/fea2m, How did you picture Attila in ZOO? Here’s what he’s going to look like in the graphic novel version that releases later this month.

http://bitly.com/TzzMzx, What do writers read, when they’re not writing? That’s what the Association of American Publishers wanted to know. So they interviewed a bunch of us (me included) for their What Are You Reading? series. Here’s what’s been on my nightstand recently. (You’ll also learn which book I wish I’d written.)

http://bitly.com/TQEk6Q, Can’t wait to see the shows Tyler Perry creates for Oprah’s TV network, OWN: Oprah Winfrey Network. He seems to have a knack for knowing what we want to watch., What are you hoping to get for Christmas? For Alex Cross, he’s looking at a hostage crisis, a psychopath, a terrorist, and whatever Nana Mama will do if he doesn’t get home for Christmas dinner in time. Not exactly a happy holiday, but if you’re in the mood for a little Christmas destruction, pick up MERRY CHRISTMAS, ALEX CROSS today.

http://bitly.com/UrZFFX, A lot of the action in MERRY CHRISTMAS, ALEX CROSS happens at D.C.’s Union Station. Good to see that in real life, the police have this location covered.

http://bitly.com/UrZFFX, Tyler Perry isn’t just a hero in Alex Cross. Apparently he donated a van to a special needs woman because hers was stolen. I’ve said that I like to write my characters a bit larger than life. I’m of course talking about the life most of us lead. Tyler—and his heart—already are larger than life. Please give him a like on Facebook if you haven’t already., Here’s one  of my favorite possessions: the cartoon that Matt Groening did of me, when I appeared in an episode of The Simpsons called "Local Yokel." What do you think? A good likeness?, I love seeing my books turned into graphic novels, so I’m ecstatic that Hope Larson gave Madeleine L’Engle’s classic, A Wrinkle in Time, similar treatment. Remember parents, graphic novels are a great way to win over reluctant readers, and with a story as engrossing as A Wrinkle in Time they’ll be devouring it faster than all that leftover Halloween candy!, A hole-in-one, then home to work on the next Women's Murder Club novel. What a day!, I’m thinking of not shaving again till somebody in Washington makes books and reading a stated national priority. Think I should go for it? Here’s how I looked last time I had a beard., For what it’s worth, here’s how audiences ranked some of the current movies—Argo A+, Alex Cross A, Flight A-, Cloud Atlas C+., Saw FLIGHT (Flight Movie) this weekend, and it seems to me that Denzel Washington is quite possibly our finest actor. He’s terrific in FLIGHT. But I must warn you the film is a downer. The story of a severely alcoholic pilot. It’s well done, but your call., Still keeping the Alex Cross movie review contest open, but just wanted to share what Audrey Lopez Ramos wrote: “Tyler did an excellent job with the role of Alex Cross. The movie played out very well and kept me interested. I thought the use of Tyler in this movie was an excellent choice and would love to see more. Tyler just proved, once more, how versatile he really is. The role was not only believable but, Mr. Perry had me feeling his pain, anguish, and heartbreak. I truly hope there is more to come.”

Like I said, keep those reviews coming, because the most popular review will be posted on JamesPatterson.com., What’s the one book I wish I had written? See if you guessed right., I love the Goodreads Choice Awards, because it’s one of the only major book awards decided by YOU, the reader. I’m thrilled that 11TH HOUR and GUILTY WIVES have been nominated in the Mystery & Thriller category., I promised a special treat for everyone after the Witch and Wizard
scavenger hunt. Here it is: the first two chapters of Witch and Wizard: the Kiss, for free and way before publishers normally give these out. Happy reading: http://www.max-dan-wiz.com, Audiences across America have spoken, and they give Alex Cross a rare “A” grade! If you haven’t seen Alex Cross yet, you can still catch Tyler Perry in this edge-of-your-seat thrill ride., Read 18 chapters free: http://bit.ly/Tx4NpS, ReadKiddoRead presents the spookiest, scariest, thrilling-est, spine-chilling-est Halloween books for kids: www.readkiddoread.com, I lived on the Jersey Shore and I lived in NYC. My heart goes out to everyone whose lives have been disrupted., I love when fans get excited about my books, and one of the best times to see that is Halloween. If you’re dressing up as a character from one of my books—or did already this weekend—post the photograph to my wall tomorrow on Halloween., How did you all like the Witch and Wizard Scavenger Hunt? The first five to complete the puzzle are Christina @Chrissyxoxo, Jessica Mayhew @JessicaMayhew4, Ainna Rovira @ainnatot, Amber Ivers @mohawkguy28, and Priscilla @prisangel_92. If you didn't win, don't worry. We've got a lot of other excitement lined up for the weeks leading up the release of Witch and Wizard: The Kiss on February 4., We’re coming to the end of the Witch and Wizard Scavenger Hunt. Today’s final puzzle pieces are at Maximum Ride's Twitter, https://twitter.com/Max_Flock. So remember, the first five people to tweet the full puzzle using #WitchandWizard will win a full set of books and a shout-out on Twitter. Check #WitchandWizard to collect all the pieces., MaryLisa Noyes wrote this on my wall: “I went to the movie last night with my husband, our son who is 22 and his girlfriend. We all loved it! The book characters came alive. There was so much action and never a dull moment. I love the choice in actors! Keep it up and I'm looking forward to seeing the next Alex movie.” Love that fans are getting so in to this., Did you like the Alex Cross movie? I want to see this franchise pick up as much steam as possible, and you can help. If you want more Alex Cross, post your movie review on your Facebook wall so your friends know this is a flick worth watching., One more time I’m going to suggest that you see Alex Cross at the movies this weekend. Audiences truly love it. Every time I’ve been in a theater with a big audience they’ve cheered at the end. This isn’t just me talking—exit poll audiences are giving the movie an A., Are you dressing up as one of my characters for Halloween this year? I’d love to see your costume. On Halloween I’ll open my wall for people to post photos, so show me what you can do!, It seems Tyler Perry is basing his decision on whether or not to do an Alex Cross sequel on audience reaction. Think we’ll get enough fans excited to justify more Cross movies?

http://bit.ly/QVBHzI, Today’s Witch and Wizard puzzle pieces are at the BookHounds Twitter feed (https://twitter.com/maryinhb), where you can get a lot of great recommendations for young adult books. Keep checking in for more hints, because the first five to tweet the complete puzzle using the #WitchandWizard hashtag will win a full set of Witch and Wizard books and a shout-out on Twitter. Follow #WitchandWizard to collect them all., I know a lot of you haven’t seen Alex Cross yet. But it’s still holding on in theaters and audiences are still giving it an A, so do please go see it and let me know what you think. Also, trust me, nothing came out this week that you’re going to like., Did you know that my publisher’s young adult imprint has its own Twitter feed? It’s also the host of today’s puzzle pieces for the Witch and Wizard scavenger hunt. Go to https://twitter.com/lbkids, and check in tomorrow for the next hint. First five to assemble and tweet the completed covers using the hashtag #WitchandWizard will win a full set of books and a Twitter shout-out. Follow #WitchandWizard to collect them all., Here's my son Jack with his new best friend, Edward Burns, at the premiere of Alex Cross. What do you think they're smiling at? Probably the paparazzi., I went to Alex Cross with my family on Sunday. All of us got mobbed after the show. People even wanted my son Jack’s autograph. Audiences do seem to love this movie., Call me biased, but I can’t resist. Audiences loved the movie! CinemaScore (the exit polls at theaters) says moviegoers gave it an A. Taken 2 got a B+. Fandango says the critics say "No" but audiences say "Go! Green light!" My personal point of view, and I’ve seen the movie in theater four times now, is that Alex Cross is a fast-paced, very intense and emotional movie. If you liked Taken, I think you’ll really like Alex Cross., So what did you guys think of Tyler Perry as Alex Cross? As he told an interviewer, it was a huge leap outside his comfort zone. But I've rarely seen an actor look more comfortable in a role., Do you like my movie reviews? How would you like to review MY movie? After you see Alex Cross, write a review and post it here. I’ll put the most popular review (with the writer’s name) up on my website, JamesPatterson.com. Ready to get reviewing?

http://bit.ly/WxhbbT, One big happy family: the Alex Cross cast in all their glory. Oh, and me., Wanted to share some photos from Alex Cross's Hollywood premiere earlier this week. Here's just your average family, having a night at the movies. In case you were curious, Jack and Sue both loved Alex Cross., Tonight's the night! Alex Cross hit movie screens across the country today. And as you can imagine, Tyler Perry and I have a lot to say about it. Watch us talk about our first project together here: http://bit.ly/VdqmJB, With all the hoopla about Tyler Perry as Alex Cross, let's not lose sight of the woman who plays his beloved grandmother: the magnificent Cicely Tyson. Tough and gutsy, with a heart of gold. The perfect Nana Mama., There's one other cool thing from this morning's Today Show appearance that I just have to share. My dressing room was right next to CeeLo Green's., I always enjoy going on the Today Show. Tyler Perry had his turn yesterday, but today it was my turn. Here's my interview with Al Roker, where we talk Alex Cross and ReadKiddoRead: 

http://video.today.msnbc.msn.com/today/49462191#49462191, I saw Tyler Perry on the Today Show this morning giving another amazing interview about playing Alex Cross. If you’re not already counting down the hours to opening day, this could change that., I'm keeping late hours this week thanks to Alex Cross. Last night I had the premiere, and tonight I'll be on The Late Late Show with Craig Ferguson. Please tune in if you're up: 12:35 AM on the East Coast., Castle is one of our favorite shows, but I missed it last night because I was at the Alex Cross premiere. Apparently I was mentioned in this episode? Talk about two good things in one night., The Alex Cross Hollywood premiere is tonight, but if you’re not coming, you can still follow all of the red carpet action @JP_Books on Twitter. You don’t have to wear a ball gown to read… unless you want to.

https://twitter.com/JP_Books., Good news for Brad Pitt fans: His new movie release has been bumped into November. So now you don’t have to choose between him and Alex Cross on Friday. And don't forget to put it on your calendar: http://on.fb.me/TheZP6, Have you seen Tyler Perry on the cover of Essence? Looking good, Tyler! And looking just as good, in my opinion, as Detective Alex Cross., Saw Taken 2 this week, but it wasn't as good as the original—nor, in this movie-obsessed, somewhat biased critic’s opinion, as Alex Cross, coming 10/19., Be the first to see the new Alex Cross trailer before it goes live this weekend! Don’t you just love all this exclusive content we’re getting?

Trailer: http://bit.ly/RmllgV
RSVP: http://on.fb.me/TheZP6, My co-author, Mark Sullivan, has a thrilling new book out titled Rogue. I enjoyed the protagonist, Robin Monarch, even more than Jason Bourne. 

http://wapo.st/Vj44sP, CROSS, the book that inspired the Alex Cross movie, has a brand new cover to tie in with the movie. If you enter my Facebook sweepstakes, you could win a signed copy!

http://on.fb.me/WXpCv4, If you haven’t read Confessions of a Murder Suspect, my publisher has a favor to ask. Could you please click over here and answer two questions? They promise me it will only take a minute. (And, for those of you who have read it, thank you for making the book #1 on the New York Times bestsellers list this week!)

http://svy.mk/QiRtlC, A couple of folks who were skeptical about Tyler Perry playing Alex Cross will come around in a big way once they see the movie trailer. Take a peek.

Trailer: http://bit.ly/UTEeNp
RSVP: http://on.fb.me/TheZP6, null, I just learned that Matthew Fox shed a whopping 40 pounds to play the serial killer in the Alex Cross movie. So when you see him on screen next week, make sure you check out his “killer” body., null, Just flying back home from L.A., where I got to spend some time with Tyler Perry, star of the new Alex Cross movie. I told him that Alex had been to the theater to see every Madea film so far and asked him if he thought Madea would be going out to see Alex’s movie. Do me a favor? Please let me know right away if this woman is standing in line behind you at the cinema next week., Tyler Perry as Alex Cross? Tom Cruise as Jack Reacher? I’m not going to weigh in on Jack Reacher—but I like what Tyler does as Alex Cross. Check out the trailer: http://bit.ly/Q98vCC, This section of 62nd Street in New York City was closed for Fashion Week. The eerie part is that this is the exact location of the Chameleon’s third murder in my new thriller out today, NYPD Red. Find out more by reading the first 22 chapters here: http://bit.ly/P03WhG, People getting ready for a show at last month's New York City Fashion Week... steps away from the scene of a crime in my new thriller, NYPD Red. Watch out, New York, you never know what will happen. To read the first 22 chapters of NYPD Red, click here: http://bit.ly/P03WhG, My newest detective, Tandy Angel, comes from a complicated family, to say the least. Here’s what she has to say about their dietary restrictions: “This is a food cart outside my building, the Dakota. I’ve never eaten here though. Malcolm and Maud (my parents) would never allow it. They had a lot of strict rules, especially for when we did something wrong… I don’t want to think about that right now, though. If you want to know more, you’ll just need to read the 25 chapter preview of my book, Confessions of a Murder Suspect.”

http://www.max-dan-wiz.com, In my next thriller, NYPD Red, a serial killer who calls himself the Chameleon murders people involved with New York City’s Hollywood on the Hudson event. One of his murders is at the exact spot shown below… home to last month's New York City Fashion Week. Sometimes reality and fiction cross over in strange ways. You can read the first 22 chapters of NYPD Red here: http://bit.ly/P03WhG, You know what every living room needs? A poster of Alex Cross, of course! Enter the Facebook sweepstakes for a chance to win one of three Alex Cross movie posters.

https://www.facebook.com/jamespatterson01?v=app_319406151431655, I recently saw The Master, and I have to tell you: I loved this movie!  My favorite this year thanks to the originality of the story and the story-telling, the acting, the flawless direction. The Master says volumes – to me anyway – about how fears, often developed early in life, control our fates; about how power – held by an individual, or an institution – corrupts and destroys. Freddie (Joaquin Phoenix) desperately needs organization and structure in his life, but he has an overpowering authority problem which makes this impossible;  The Master (Philip Seymour Hoffman) is tormented by the one person (Freddie), the one emotion, the one overwhelming fear, that he cannot control. The movie continued even after I left the theater. A guy stared my way, got my attention, and handed me a card. He said, “happy hour ‘till 7:30.” Modern life in all its absurd glory!

http://bit.ly/PTyFcv, My friend Tandy, of Confessions of a Murder Suspect, is having some trouble with her brothers. According to her, “A lot of New Yorkers use Bryant Park as a place to relax. One night my brother, Hugo, used it for something much different. My lawyer says I shouldn’t tell you any more though, at least until the trial…”

http://bit.ly/jps1pf, My publisher just donated some of my young adult books to Eastern Brown High School’s library in Sardinia, Ohio. Here’s librarian Sharon Hauck getting the books ready for the students. Hope they enjoy them!, First Alex Cross was in a book, then a movie, now he’s the star of his very own Facebook game. What next, Alex Cross breakfast cereal?

https://www.facebook.com/jamespatterson01?v=app_407803005946017, Added some new Alex Cross screenshots to my Pinterest page. There are also some great pics Sue took at Oklahoma State University when we were there recently for me to give a keynote address. If you're a pinner, please check it out: http://pinterest.com/jamespatterson1/, So, as I mentioned earlier, I saw End of Watch this weekend. Tense, terrific acting and dialog, and best of all—a Hollywood film that celebrates cops instead of gangsters., Went to my local multiplex this weekend. Right before End of Watch, they showed the trailer for the new Alex Cross movie. The guy who was next to me is probably still wondering why I was cheering so loud. Check it out yourself if you haven't already: http://bit.ly/UTEeNp, I love stories about kids reading, and this essay by Anthony Turner in the Huffington Post made me want to stand up and cheer. Some kids made fun of him for reading, but he just shrugged it off, realizing how important reading is. And the book he was reading? Med Head, by James Patterson. Anthony, you keep reading books by me, or anyone, and you’re going to have a bright future., Next week the new Alex Cross TV trailer goes live, but none of you will have to wait that long! Just click below to get as much Alex Cross excitement as we could fit into thirty seconds.
http://bit.ly/UTEeNp, Psssst: want a sneak peek at the new Alex Cross movie? Then check out the new trailer, right here, right now. (The rest of the world won’t get to see it till next week.)
http://bit.ly/UTEeNp, Reader Lani N. told me that my new teen detective book, Confessions of a Murder Suspect, “kept me guessing from the first page to the last.” With so many twists and turns, even I wasn’t sure who the murderer was at first. But then I figured it out….

http://on.fb.me/PtVrHy, Once in a lifetime, a writer pulls it all together. This is James Patterson’s best book: ZOO.

http://on.fb.me/SB744h, A week or so ago, I asked you why I was wearing silly glasses, and here’s the answer: I was shooting a video to promote my next book for middle-schoolers, I FUNNY. It comes out this December, and it’s going to make your kids laugh till their sides hurt.

http://www.ifunnybooks.com/, Oklahoma State University takes three things very seriously: cowboys, the color orange, and libraries. I was able to help out with that last one the other night. But OSU, you’ll have to take care of the other two by yourselves., Saw Sparkle this weekend, and it was engaging, but I was put off a bit by the direction and some of the acting. Overall the story made it work for me, though., After listening to Rafe complain about middle school life, I’m curious what you guys think the worst part about middle school was. Watch Rafe’s Rants, then use the comments section as your own personal ranting-ground to let everyone know the most rage-inducing thing about middle school. I’ll read your rants, then pick my favorites.

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hYxnR8YCCAU&feature=share&list=PL9464342EB58D4B26, Still debating if I should have gotten one of these when I was at Oklahoma State University last week to give the keynote address of the OSU Libraries. What do you think, does my look need more rhinestones?, You’ll never look at Fido the same way again. Read 20 chapters of Zoo—James Patterson’s scariest book yet.

https://www.facebook.com/jamespatterson01/app_209569249055691, Here’s a picture of Oklahoma State University, where I gave a keynote address for the OSU Libraries on Friday. I love how eerie this looks, maybe I should set a thriller at Oklahoma State!, My buddy Rafe, hero of the Middle School Book Series, thinks a lot of things about school really stink. But nothing stinks more than his classmate, Tommy Tuna. (We probably all knew someone like this.), I love to ask authors what their favorite books were as kids. Nick Bruel (the Bad Kitty series) liked Captain Marvel comic books. David Hyde Costello (Little Pig Joins the Band) picked Frog and Toad. Leo Landry (Grin and Bear It) said Jokes for Children, More Jokes for Children and "anything by Syd Hoff." Check out all the other author favorites here: http://readkiddoread.com/uploads/grill.php, Just learned that Paul Boardman has been tapped to write the screen version of Guilty Wives.  A great choice.  Anybody who writes about the horror of exorcism can do a bang-up job on four married women framed for murder., Have you seen Rafe’s Rants? Is there something about middle school that you’d like to rant about? Leave your Rafe-style rants in the comments. I’ll try to pick the best rants of the week.

http://www.facebook.com/MiddleSchoolBookSeries/app_198826126804423, Most 16 year old girls have problems with boys, friends and school.  But my newest heroine, Tandy, has a bigger problem: her parents were murdered, and the police are sure she did it. Did she? Check out the police report they filed…as well as the first 25 chapters. 

http://www.facebook.com/tandyangel/app_201742856511228, News flash: now there’s a book about a kid who hates books! I bet your own reluctant reader will find a lot to love in Charlie Joe Jackson’s Guide to Not Reading. It’s great fun… and a 2012 KIDDO finalist.

http://www.readkiddoread.com/book/534, Here I am filming some new TV promotions. Anyone want to guess why I’m wearing silly glasses?, I’ve just learned about Action America, whose mission is to get Americans everywhere to make today, September 11th, the single largest day of service as a nation. 

Giving a child a book, reading to or with a child or group of children or teens is a great way to get involved. Here are a couple of books that work perfectly to help children understand the importance of this day.

http://readkiddoread.com/uploads/actionamerica.php, Saw Premium Rush last night. Whether or not you should see it depends on how much you want to watch footage of bike messengers in action. Will probably get somebody killed—assuming that anybody sees the movie., Wondering why your kid won’t eat Brussels sprouts? Rafe of the Middle School book series is here to shed some light on the Kids vs. Brussels sprouts issue.

See Rafe's Whole Rant at: http://www.facebook.com/MiddleSchoolBookSeries/app_198826126804423, Curious about ZOO? You can go ahead and sample it on ChapterShare. If you’re on a computer, my publisher has a new way to read it that’s pretty slick: https://www.facebook.com/jamespatterson01?v=app_369912463078664

If you’re on a mobile device, please click here: http://bit.ly/NPEHZg, Got around to seeing Hit and Run, and it was very, very erratic. Good scene, not so good scene, good scene. Maybe it should have been titled "Hit and Miss.", Traffic on Labor Day is always brutal, but this year the worst of it may have been getting into the bookstore parking lot. Last week ZOO had a bigger pre-order week than I’ve ever seen one of my novels get. Those bookstores might get pretty packed this week. There’s nothing like a brand new first edition.
http://bit.ly/NPEHZg, On the jacket for ZOO, it says it's my "best book ever." Looks like the bar is set pretty high. I don't exactly think my other books are chopped liver, but I am very proud of this one., I've been using the Labor Day weekend to catch up on some movies. Saw "The Expendables 2." It was like "The Avengers" for the over-fifty crowd. Needed to be funnier and less predictable--for this over-fifty-year-old anyway., It seems that Rafe, Middle School star, has found something new to rant about. And this time it's Brussels Sprouts. I can't say that I enjoyed them that much when I was his age either., I just heard that last week ZOO had the biggest pre-order week any of my novels have ever had. This is getting interesting. Better pre-order your copy now – there’s no way to know what’ll happen on release day., My good friend Rafe, the star of the Middle School book series, tells me that Labor Day is his least favorite holiday. It's the end of summer and he certainly doesn't want to go back to school. He's got his very own Facebook page, that you and your kids should check out., Like most parents, you probably have rules about taking out the garbage, snacking, watching TV.  But the most important rule you could make is the one about reading. Fifteen minutes per kid, per day, is all it takes to make them readers for life.  And here are some books they’ll love right now. 

http://www.readkiddoread.com/uploads/ihatedtoreadtilireadthisbooksforboys.php, The Queen of Versailles is the story of a completely crazy couple attempting to build the most expensive house in America. Been there, done that. For me, this should’ve been a 20-minute segment on 60 Minutes., I’m not a big believer in bribing kids to read (or to do anything). But giving them their own special “book allowance”… now, that’s different. A trip to the bookstore, with a couple of dollars in their pocket that they can only spend on books, is a great motivator. Try it – and please let me know what happened.

http://readkiddoread.com/uploads/boysreadingtips.php, READ 20 CHAPTERS FREE: http://bit.ly/MY5BTh, Tip #11: Nothing kills a kid’s love of reading more than thinking of it as homework. Don’t let that happen. Pick fun, funny engaging books that are pure pleasure. I’ve got a bunch of ideas for titles your kid may not hear about in school.

http://readkiddoread.com/uploads/boysreadingtips.php, I’m telling you, if you’ve never gone and seen one of Tyler Perry's Madea films in the theater, you're missing one of life’s great joys. I have never seen a theater go crazy with laughter like during a Madea film. (And you know I’ve seen just a few films over the years.) We’re talking jumping up in their seats and rolling to the floor and . . . well, let’s not go there. But my point is that it takes real big-screen magic to get people to experience emotion like that. And just wait until you see what the star of those same movies does for Alex Cross. No, not with laughter, but with emotion every bit—if not more—powerful. Please click this link to see what I’m talking about. http://www.tylerperry.com/, Saw Celeste and Jesse Forever, a smart, well-told tale about two people who love each other but can’t be together. Sounds like a few marriages I know., Who do you cast to play the most popular fictional detective in the world? Who else but a man famous for dressing up in women’s clothing, and making fans howl with laughter? I’m talking about Tyler Perry, of course, and his classic Madea character. I figured, anybody who could pull that off must be a brilliant actor. (And I was right… Check out the movie trailer, and see if you agree.), You know the world’s become a weird place when you become Facebook friends with a movie. But what choice did I have? It’s Alex Cross’s., When I told people I wanted Tyler Perry to play Alex Cross, they told me I was nuts. That it was way out of his comfort zone. That he'd never in a million years say yes. But I knew Tyler was a big believer in "the spirit of letting nobody define you." Here's the movie trailer, and please let me know what you think. (I think Tyler did a great job.), Been a while since I reviewed a movie here, but I finally saw The Campaign. Funny in spots, but I was grossed out (and I’m not easily grossed out) more times than I laughed. Also—our current political races are funnier., Yes, NEVERMORE is the last in the Maximum Ride series. But I promise to keep writing more books like it if you promise not to reveal the explosive ending. Deal?, If your kids like to laugh (or, for that matter, if you like to laugh) check out Rafe Khatchadorian--star of the #1 bestselling Middle School Book Series--and his latest endeavor., What kind of person would recommend that your kids read comic books? I would. They’re fun… scary… and a great way to grab attention away from video games. Here are some to try., Look who's gone viral: Rafe Khatchadorian, star of the #1 bestselling Middle School Book Series. Tell your kids they can hear him rant, live and in person. (Well, almost.), Here's another Tip for Boys Who Hate to Read, #5: Play "Let’s Make a Deal.” For every day he reads 45 minutes, he can ditch a chore like taking out the garbage or making his bed. Try it; it works!, It's a well-known fact that middle school can be pretty tough. Rafe, star of the Middle School series, has reached his boiling point. This week's rant - Smelly Tuna. Who knows what he'll have on his mind next week...

What is your kid's biggest beef at school?

, null, In general, a lot of reading experts are not fond of gross, yucky, disgusting books. But I say: ANYTHING that gets boys to read is fair game. So here are some ideas., Tips for Boys Who Hate to Read #6: Buy him a bean-bag chair. The deal is: it's only for reading and only for him. Let him pick it out himself -- something comfortable and squishy. (And check out http://readkiddoread.com/ for all the tips and more.), Ready for another ReadKiddoRead top tip to get your boys reading? #7 is: Even boys who hate to read… love movies. Get him a book that’s been made into a movie, and then rent the movie. Or vice versa. (And don’t forget the popcorn.), If you’ve never tried it, the best place to start the Maximum Ride series is right here. Like the Alex Cross books, NEVERMORE’s a thrill-ride unto itself. And I’m guessing when you’re done, you’ll find yourself wanting to read back to THE ANGEL EXPERIMENT., I had a great chat with Bob Minzesheimer from USA Today about NEVERMORE, the last book in the Maximum Ride series. But – SPOILER ALERT! – you may not want to read the article until after you finish the book., For all of you still frustrated about getting your kid into reading, a humble (but, in my opinion, very practical) suggestion: Check out NEVERMORE. You can even check out the free first cliffhanger chapters here., Hollywood took notice of all the frenzy about the release of NEVERMORE—my most pre-ordered ever. I hope to have Maximum Ride movie news for you VERY shortly., People ask me, is it okay for kids to read comic books? I say: absolutely! World record books, e-books, graphic novels – anything goes. It’s all reading, and it’s all good. (That’s ReadKiddoRead Tip #8 to get your boys reading.), I haven't been mobbed with so many notes from fans, well, ever. You guys are writing way faster than I can read. I sure hope my publisher printed enough copies of NEVERMORE for this week. Those first editions maybe worth something..., There's still some summer left and still time to get your boys reading. ReadKiddoRead's #3 top tip to get your boys reading is: give him an extra "reading" allowance--a few dollars he can only spend on books. Then let him choose his own, online or in a store., One of the most popular book series on ReadKiddoRead is the Hunger Games. I've had a few people give advance reads of NEVERMORE (which releases Monday) and they say this one's got as many fireworks as Hunger Games, and more. I do love my readers., Look what a fan just spotted at the Olympics. I hope everybody in the crowd realizes that PRIVATE GAMES is just fiction., Did you know that Maximum Ride picked her own last name? And that Sally Ride was the inspiration? That's how much Max (and the author) admired her. Max's last book, by the way, comes out on Monday., Another gem from Rafe, of Middle School Book Series fame: “This is what my room looks like. Well, except for the refrigerator. And the drums. And the TV, arcade game, and bowling alley. (But I do have a mattress.)”, Rafe (of Middle School Book Series fame) says: “Good thing Mom never got to see this report card before I confiscated it. Otherwise, it might have ruined her whole day. I’m always looking out for my mom.”, Here’s me signing a book last weekend in my home town of Newburgh, New York. That’s my editor and publisher, Michael Pietsch. Nice guy, and a big Michael Bennett fan., Moonrise Kingdom was very weird, funny, original, warm, and quite wonderful.  


, Doesn’t get much more New York than this—the #1 bestselling New York detective ever atop Times Square., I should like this guy on Facebook— Edward Burns, one of the stars of the upcoming Alex Cross movie. He’s posted some stills from the movie on his page if you care to give him a like & take a look yourself., Joe Hartlaub of Bookreporter.com just posted a very nice review of that “explosive, lightning-paced summer read,” I, MICHAEL BENNETT. Thanks, Joe. I thought your review was lightning-paced, too., Yesterday Sue and I celebrated fifteen years of marriage, and she snapped this picture of the flowers I gave her. A shame they can’t last as long as we have--and will--but it’s nice to stop and smell the roses (And what are those other ones? I better leave it to somebody else to identify the rest.) every now and then., I'll bet you $1 that BURIED ON AVENUE B by my friend and coauthor Peter de Jonge is as good, or better, than any mystery novel that comes out of Scandinavia, the rest of Europe, or America from sea to shining sea this year. It isn't exactly realism - but that's because the dialogue is too sharp and funny., You think it’s a sign of the times that Rafe (narrator of MIDDLE SCHOOL: THE WORST YEARS OF MY LIFE) started his own Facebook page for the Middle School Book Series? Or, would that be a sign of the apocalypse?, We’re all caught between the greedy mob at the top and the greedy mob at the bottom. What to do, what to do? How ‘bout whiling away three hours with the mostly satisfying conclusion of the latest Batman reboot, The Dark Knight Rises. It’s not my place to get into the tragedy in Colorado except to offer my prayers., Here’s a good interview with Tyler Perry in which he discusses his role in the coming Alex Cross movie. I agree with his assessment of the film, and of his portrayal of Alex., Saw People Like Us, and the first half of the movie could have been titled “People Like Us—Who Happen to Be Hollywood Screenwriters” . . . but the second half of the film is quite emotional and effective., I’ve been passing this out at all my events this summer and it works great. Please print this out for your kids right now. Have them make the pledge. It’s easy, it’s simple, it works. Thank you. (And they’ll thank you, too.), Speaking of Reading Rainbow, here’s a video of Jimmy Fallon covering the theme song in the persona of The Doors’ Jim Morrison. I worked one summer as an usher for the old Fillmore East in New York and saw Jim Morrison live, so I like to think I can say Fallon does a pretty good job conjuring him here. Scary good., Have an iPad and a kid? Sources tell me this Reading Rainbow app is a pretty nice way to get kids to sit down and turn some pages. Or, at least, “swipe” them?, I read today that London is having some difficulties with their security company for the Olympics. I bet they wish that they could hire Private for the job. In PRIVATE GAMES, that’s exactly what they do., I’m not convinced that social networking’s exactly what the doctor (or his guidance counselor) ordered, but Rafe (star of the Middle School Book Series) started his own Facebook page. You—or your kids—should definitely check it out., P.S. Thanks to all of you who have posted reviews of my books at other sites. I do try and check them all out. We authors tend to like to know how we’re doing., Looks like those free preview chapters my publisher puts out are getting some attention, since NEVERMORE--even though it's not even out for a few weeks--is already averaging 5 stars with readers. Here's a link to the 16 free chapters., News bulletin: Kids like to read when they like what they’re reading. That’s the whole idea behind my ReadKiddoRead Summer Reading List. A bunch of books they’ll never hear about in school. Check it out., As I mentioned, I’m going up to my hometown of Newburgh, NY, for an event at the Newburgh Free Library this weekend. If any of you are in the area, would love to see you. My publisher has this link to the event’s details:, You’ve got a boy who doesn’t like to read? Don’t despair. Here are some books no teacher I ever had would recommend. So I know he’s gonna love them., Okay. Found another old photo to share with you all. So here I am as a baby. That wide-eyed look? I must be staring at a book shelf., Saw Savages this weekend. I love Don Winslow’s novels, especially CALIFORNIA FIRE AND LIFE, so I was at the theater the first day for this. Didn’t much care about anybody for the first third, but then the story really hooked me. Cop-out ending of the year., You’re flunking sixth grade. You lock yourself in a bathroom stall, trying not to cry. Then the girl of your dreams walks in, to try to comfort you. But then a teacher walks in and catches the two of you together... MiddleSchoolBook.com, A friend passed this along to me. Even though it says Matthew Fox in the title of the clip, this is an interview with Tyler Perry and Ed Burns about the Cross movie. I think it gives some idea of how terrific they are in the upcoming film., The difference between summer reading and school reading? It's like the difference between SUMMER and SCHOOL. Check out my summer reading list--and you'll see what I mean. Everything on it is just pure fun., Okay, as promised, here I am in a cubicle, at my very first job.
I’m probably thinking what Rafe thinks: “Get me out of here!”, Looking for a good quick thrill? Mark Sullivan—my co-author on PRIVATE GAMES—has a new e-short up featuring his popular character, Robin Monarch. It’s called “The Art of Rendition,” and it’s not about painting, I can tell you. (Think CIA.), Matty the Freak. Big Foot Hairy. Miller the Killer. Donatello the Dragon Lady. Those are just some of the characters my hero Rafe has to deal with. Yet somehow he manages to make the pain and angst of MIDDLE SCHOOL funny. I always say it’s better to laugh than to do the other thing., Hope everyone enjoyed their Fourth of July. What did I do with my day? Went to the movies, of course. Saw Madea’s Witness Protection. I've gotten to know Tyler Perry on account of the upcoming Alex Cross film, so I’m biased. But what can I say? I love Madea. She is one crazy/funny lady!, Kids tell me what they like most about Rafe, the hero of my MIDDLE SCHOOL books, is how he makes them laugh, and how everything that happens to him is so real. Like when he falls off a chair on the first day of school: “The good news?...I figured middle school could only get better from here. The bad news? I was wrong about the good news.”, Read 24 chapters free: http://issuu.com/jamespatterson/docs/imichaelbennett_webpreview?mode=window&backgroundColor=%23222222, Fan Barb Nickerson-Watkins asked, "What would you suggest for a comedy series for my 12-year-old daughter?" Comedy? Funny you should ask, Barb. I happen to think my Middle School series fits the bill. You can get a flavor for it at the link below. And if she can make it till December, there’s this book called I FUNNY coming out that’s about an aspiring comic around your daughter’s age., One more movie review from this weekend: Hysteria Movie. The origin of the vibrator? I'm in! Unfortunately, for me, the issue was the film couldn't make up its mind whether it wanted to be a comedy or something a hair more serious. You have to be one or the other., Saw "The Intouchables," an absolute monster hit in France and most of the rest of Europe. The lead actors are very engaging but the racial tension doesn't have the power here that it does in France., From Rafe: Are the girls in your town as weird as the ones in mine? Have you heard the songs they’re singing these days? That awkward-turtles-have-weird-babies one? Or moose-alpaca? Or how about this happy-llama-sad-llama one? If Georgia sings that one more time I’m moving to Australia!, Still trying to get those photos for you, but in the meantime, here’s an only-in-New-York story from a long-time colleague who was hailing a cab on Park Avenue. He gets out of a meeting and is looking for a cab, and after a couple minutes an expensively dressed woman comes up and asks if he’s waiting for a cab. He says yes, and the understanding of course is that he’ll take the first cab that comes since he was there first. Well, no empty cabs come by for five, ten minutes and then finally one shows up and he turns to her and tells her she can take it. So she gets in the cab, and says, “What are you? Nice?” And slams the door., I just got interviewed by a big TV network for a profile. They’ve asked for pictures of me as a baby and as a young man and my dear wife has gone and found a couple old photos. Any interest in seeing them?, If you missed the premiere on TV last night, my sources tell me you can now see the Alex Cross movie trailer here: , Saw Abraham Lincoln Vampire Hunter this weekend. It's a stunning-looking film, but unlike, say, "300", the stylization doesn’t have enough to do with the story and the actors get lost or at least play second fiddle to the art direction. Could have/should have been funnier. Not bad though., How will it all end? I asked Maximum Ride fans to write their version of the final chapter of NEVERMORE. What they came up with blew me away, so I’m going to share a few. Here’s from New Jersey’s Dylan D.: “Ahhh! I didn’t know what was happening. I looked around, but I couldn’t see a thing. Had I gone blind, just like Iggy? I tried to touch my face, but ropes restricted my arms. Suddenly, I could see again, a big black burlap sack was ripped off my head. In front of me, Ari gave a menacing smile. He pulled out a large silver knife from behind his back. His ugly, mutant face laughed and he lunged at my chest...”, I’ve been hearing a lot about this statistic that says not reading over the summer can cause a kid to fall behind two grade levels. I know it sounds scary, but please don’t forget the solution is easy, and can even be fun. The secret, as all you good readers know, is to find books that are fun to read. Sometimes we forget the simple solutions are often the best., Psssst. A little bird told me the Alex Cross movie trailer is premiering on Entertainment Tonight Monday. What does one say next? Check local listings?, The Best Exotic Marigold Hotel has a neat concept: the outsourcing of old people to India. Most will enjoy it. It's about adapting to change--something we all need to embrace., I’ve been doing some thinking about all the comments I’ve been getting on the Middle School books, and how funny kids find them to be. Do you remember any funny stories from your (or your kids') middle school years? Homework disasters? Strange field trips? Please share if you have a chance., Anybody here ever been to Newburgh, NY? Looks like I’ll be headed up to visit my hometown later this summer. New York detective Michael Bennett and his family are spending some time up there, too, but it's not a nice place to visit under Bennett’s circumstances., A fan from Positano, Italy, saw this British edition of PRIVATE GAMES being read at a restaurant with what looks to be a pretty nice view.  He put it down when he was eating. I trust this fan did no more than take a picture of it. Sounds like the U.S. edition will be out in paperback this coming week., On the ReadKiddoRead summer reading challenge, I see that Kathy Shuler Pollock reported her son's already finished one and a half books. Sounds like he'll have no problem getting through four titles this summer. I'd love to read more updates like this from any of you out there getting your kids reading., Saw the Rock of Ages (Movie) this weekend. Tom Cruise is great. So is the monkey. Most of the rest, not so much., Since my son Jack's first summer reading list, at age eight--you know, the one that helped inspire ReadKiddoRead--the books he's been reading for the summer continue to look like winners to me. If you want a glimpse, and with caution that these are definitely advanced (although fun) reads, here are his 2012 picks. I'm proud of you, Jack., I hear that nearly half a million people looked at the ReadKiddoRead reading list thanks to Patch.com (a network of great local news sources for your community, if you don't know it). I don't know where you live in particular, but your local Patch is likely to have the list. Here's North Hollywood's as an example., Looking for another good read? THE WRONG MAN by David Ellis (of GUILTY WIVES fame) is just out today. I've been a fan of David's since his first novel, the Edgar-winning LINE OF VISION, and he's been a pleasure to work with as a co-author. We've just finished our second novel, MISTRESS, which should be out next year., When did it get to be the middle of June already? Turns out it's also National Audiobook Month. Personally, I like to listen to audiobooks while driving. Ever tried one? Here’s a free sample of one for GUILTY WIVES. It also got me thinking--if the voice of Alex Cross or Michael Bennett could be played by any actor, who do you think should get the part?, A word from Rafe: I don’t know why orthodontists call them BRACES. They should call them FOOD TRAPS. The way I see it, you should only get braces if you want a place to store already chewed food for later. If you don’t like carrying around snacks, and you don’t mind eating already chewed food, ask your parents to get you braces. You can eat some string cheese at noon, and enjoy it again as an after-school snack!, Remember when I asked you last year about writing a detective thriller that teens could read, too? Well, I finished it. And my publisher tells me Entertainment Weekly has an exclusive free preview of the first chapters., So I made the cover of the Hollywood publication of note, Variety. Pretty cute title to the article, “James and the Giant Reach,” though I don’t know where the reach part is, exactly. I will say it’s an interesting experience making waves in Tinseltown., Rafe: More on my books becoming bestsellers—Mr. Patterson tells me he’s never had two books from the same series on the same list like this before. I’m guessing he may just keep me around if this keeps up. ;), Rafe: So I hear I have not one but two books on the bestseller list this week. A guy could get used to this. Now just to convince my English teacher to give me some extra credit for it. Thanks for reading!, LeBron James has apparently been seen reading a ReadKiddoRead favorite, THE HUNGER GAMES, during the NBA playoffs. Based on last night's performance, I guess it hasn't been distracting him too much. Any of you know of some other celebrities reading great kids books lately?, As you may have seen in the newspaper, my friends over at the National Council of Teachers of English have a pretty fun program going on where you get to let everybody know what books you’re reading this summer. Please let ‘em know if you have a chance. #summerreading, Your mission, should you choose to accept--ReadKiddoRead’s got a summer reading challenge: can you get a kid to read, and enjoy, just four books this summer? Sue and I did it with Jack a few years ago, and now he’s reading more than twice that many, and liking it. There’s a list right here that can be a big help at the bookstore or library. And, please, let me know how it goes., I recently saw What To Expect When You're Expecting, and there were some funny scenes, but not much storyline to move the set pieces forward, and nobody to care much about. The producers did a great job attaching talent—they just forgot to attach a script., Carol Whitmore wrote that she checked out the exclusive first glimpse of NYPD RED and is hooked. My publisher tells me the rest of you can still read it right here in Facebook. Thanks for posting, Carol., I saw Snow White and the Huntsman this weekend, and it completely surprised me—in a good way. Slick storytelling, good acting, beautiful art direction. A lot of care went into making this movie work, and it works very well. For me, at least, Snow White beats The Avengers., So all this news on the Alex Cross movie doesn't seem to be distracting from Alex's latest book, KILL ALEX CROSS--just out in paperback and already #1 in stores. That Alex just doesn't take a break. Thanks for reading., Can your kids read four books by the end of August? I bet they can! Take my Summer Reading Challenge. I’ll make it easy for you with my Ultimate Summer Reading List… 10 Reading Tips… even a chance to win free books., Men In Black III gets three thumbs up from Sue, Jack & Jim. III was funnier than the first II in the series, and that's what I really care about. Goofy movies should make us laugh--even if they are hyper-expensive and scare the hell out of the studios paying the bills., So Us Weekly's got a behind-the-scenes look from the upcoming Alex Cross movie right here, featuring a shot of Alex’s nemesis in the film played by Matthew Fox. I gather there’ll be a lot more sneak peeks coming, and soon, too. Hope you enjoy., No teachers. No school. No reading? Don’t let your kid fall behind this summer. Find the books they’ll love to read on my summer reading list. Check it out., Thanks to John Valeri of Examiner.com for the nice review of 11TH HOUR. It’s true, we do aim to please., I need a new calendar—my current one’s getting too filled up to read. Looks like I’m going to be speaking about my books, summer reading and what I was like as a kid (!) at Symphony Space on June 19th – I hope any of you who are in the New York area will come out to say hello., Darienne Lloyd posts that “there needs to be more maximum ride books. and the movies too.” Well, Darienne, I hope you know the final book in the series is on its way in just a few months. If you haven’t checked it out yet, you can take a look over here. I hear Max is posting over there a few times a week. And I just returned from Hollywood—where the movie project is still alive and well. Thanks, Darienne., Somebody was asking me whether Lindsay Boxer, now that she’s pregnant, is going to make a good mother. What do you guys think? My bet is she’s at least the sort who would check out ReadKiddoRead from time to time., I saw another movie last weekend. It was Battleship. Spoiler alert. Blow stuff up. Dialog to explain the inexplicable. Blow more stuff up. Dialog to make us care about the human race and those who will soon perish trying to defend it. Blow stuff up, blow stuff up, blow up very bad aliens. Confession: I haven’t actually seen it yet. How’d I do?, Scary fact: your kids could fall two grade levels behind this summer if they’re not reading. Don’t let it happen—pick out some books from my Second Annual ReadKiddoRead Summer Reading list that will get them to love reading all summer long. You could even start over this long weekend. , 
Rafe: So did I tell you I’m in art school? Mr. Beekman, whom you may have read about in the Bible (I haven’t read the whole Bible myself but I know he’s old enough to be mentioned in it—just saying) says Art is a noble profession. Which makes me wonder exactly how noble it is. So which would you say is the most noble of these professions:
A)	lion-tamer
B)	author
C)	artist
D)	game show host
E)	middle school teacher
, I was back at the movies this past weekend. I saw The Dictator. Funnyman Sacha Cohen goes a weenie weenie bit Hollywood. The movie isn’t as good, or as funny, as the trailer., So one of the perils of becoming a movie producer (for the Alex Cross film, and maybe some other secret projects) is that I’m doing a lot of travel to L.A. these days. Here’s me on TV out there talking about a big book donation to the Los Angeles Unified School District. The event took place at the school where, I’m told, some of the movie "Grease" was filmed. I thought about doing my John Travolta impression but didn’t quite get to it., My publisher and editor Michael Pietsch is a big Facebook fan and he wants you all to have a free, first exclusive glimpse of a coming book of mine, NYPD Red. While you’re checking out his editing skills, do please let me know what you think of the story. And feel free to share it with anybody you think might like it. Thanks., Rafe: DUCK, DUCK, OOPS
We learned in biology class that birds have hollow bones so that they’re lighter and it’s easier to get airborne. Check out this video if you get a chance. Something tells me that on this windy day this duck and her ducklings were feeling the same way about biology that I usually do—it’s a total pain.
, I've been working on articulating 10 surefire ways to get your kids reading. Now, parents, please don't take this first tip the wrong way--I'm not scolding and not asking you to turn your life upside-down. But, really, tip #1 is, "DON'T LEAVE IT TO SCHOOLS--IT'S YOUR RESPONSIBILITY TO GET KIDS EXCITED ABOUT READING." Fortunately, it's not a tough assignment. More on how easy it is to do pretty soon., I hear that a trailer for the Alex Cross movie's almost ready to see. And I hear it's pretty good. Think I should post it here if the movie studio lets me?, Rafe: Did you see my (I mean our) commercial? Never mind what you thought of James, what’d you think of me? I can tell you the teachers at my new school didn’t cut me much slack for missing a day of school to record it. I have to WRITE A WHOLE EXTRA PAGE for my social studies class., Rafe: So James Patterson is posting for me. Pretty cool having the #1 bestselling author in the world do your bidding. Almost makes up for the seventh grade and all its pain, suffering, trepidation, angst, anguish, tribulations, travails . . . sorry, I guess when I’m near a successful author I feel a certain need to show off my vocabulary., Please pardon the interruptions here over the next few days but my buddy Rafe Katchadorian isn’t old enough to have a Facebook page so he’s asked me to post a few things about his Middle School experience. Hope you don’t mind but I just can’t say no to him., Hey, Rafe, what’s the deal with the Twinkies? Now that they’re no longer made, should I take that as a compliment?, My sources tell me more than 70,000 people watched my little presentation last week with my (only) son, Jack, and my editor, Rafe K., some students, and special guest Jamie Grimm. They also tell me that, if you missed it, there’s going to be another chance to see it TODAY at 1 PM EST. Love to have you there, and to know your thoughts., I'm a week late, but I did see "The Avengers" finally. I must confess I don’t find the comic book movies to be my all-time favorite things to watch. This one has a lot of moments, but, for my popcorn dollar, it’s not nearly as good as "Iron Man.", There’s been a lot of press interest in the PRIVATE TV series, if you want to read any of it. I don’t know about you, but I’m looking forward to seeing Jack Morgan in the flesh., Amandla Stenberg—Rue from The Hunger Games movie—had some very nice things to say about Maximum Ride in the latest issue of Justine Magazine. Thanks, Amandla, and don’t be surprised if Max has some nice things to say about you in her blog. For my own part, I thought you lit up the screen., RE: my "favorite" son, Jack, if you're a fan of my books then you know I at least try to have a good sense of humor. So does Jack. He's my favorite son, because he's my ONLY son!, How often are you lucky enough to be interviewed by your son? I was today, and in my case it was my favorite son, Jack! This is actually the second time he's interviewed me. Jack has great presence. Last year, he managed to spoof me on his school TV broadcast. Sue and I couldn't stop laughing when we realized that he was making faces to the camera while I wasn't looking. I still laugh just thinking about it. That Jack. And you wonder where I get my ideas--like, MIDDLE SCHOOL: GET ME OUT OF HERE, for example... Here's a shot from our webcast interview..., Just about an hour to go until my webcast, but there's still time for anyone who wants to watch to get in. My publisher told me it should be as easy as watching a video on YouTube. Just click the link below and when 1 PM strikes, there I'll be..., Here’s a shot of the set for my interview tomorrow with Jack and my editor. Looks like that multi-talented Rafe kid got the blackboard already. My publisher says you can still sign up to watch us tomorrow--for free--at 1 PM, E.S.T. Just go to jamespattersonevents.com., For anyone who couldn’t catch me on the Today Show this morning, here’s the clip of me chatting with Hoda and Kathie Lee. How did I do?, I’m in New York for the day, and headed off to the Today Show shortly. I'll be on with Hoda and Kathie Lee around 10:45 E.S.T., so hope you can tune in. Too bad Rafe Khatchadorian and Lindsay Boxer couldn’t make it, but I’ll do my best to represent them well., As you may have heard, Maurice Sendak, famous author of WHERE THE WILD THINGS ARE and IN THE NIGHT KITCHEN, among others, has died at age 83. There is no doubt that he--and his stories--have made the world a better place. It's amazing how great books can inspire., I’m sitting down with a few of my favorite people for a webcast this week—my son, Jack; my editor, Andrea Spooner; and special guests Rafe Khatchadorian and Jamie Grimm. You can watch it this Thursday, May 10, at 1:00 p.m. E.S.T. The sign-up page from my publisher is here, and it's totally free if you care to watch:, Here’s the world premiere of the book trailer for 11TH Hour (the Women’s Murder Club’s latest) and MIDDLE SCHOOL: GET ME OUT OF HERE. That Rafe guy’s hard to keep up with, but I think I did okay. Please be kind when assessing my performance., Know any "Weird Al" Yankovic fans? That guy has had nearly as many career changes as I’ve had. And he may be giving me a run for number of awards, especially now that he’s just won a Kiddo for writing one of the best, most-likely-to-turn-kids-into-readers books of the past year. Nothing weird about that. Way to go, Al., I’m of Irish-American extraction and the IRA acronym has always meant one thing to me, but there’s another IRA, the International Reading Association. Here’s a photo a friend sent from a booth at their Chicago convention. Those lucky educators already got to see advance copies of MIDDLE SCHOOL: GET ME OUT OF HERE. The rest of us have to wait until Monday., My publisher just re-launched the Middle School website, and Rafe is featuring his "Yuk of the Week" video clip there right now (at the link below). It’s a pretty fun site, even if I do sometimes wonder about Rafe’s sense of humor. But I guess he wouldn’t be a #1 bestseller if he didn’t have a feel for what his readers like., Just want to say thanks to my friend and fellow author Michael Connelly Books, who said some very nice words about me to the Palm Beach Post the other day. Thanks, Michael. Lots of admiration back your way, too., Another movie for me this week--saw "Safe." One of the best thrillers of the year so far, but violent and edgy. You decide if that’s a good or bad thing. Jason Statham is very strong here., Saw Think Like a Man this weekend and I have to tell you, it's as good as any romantic comedy so far this year., Thanks for all the feedback about liking Stephen King on Facebook. I think I’m sticking with Mike Green’s advice, “To each his own. I love your books. Keep 'em comin'.” Thanks, Mike. And I like your wheels. , Speaking of reader reviews, my publisher tells me those of you who have checked out the free 11TH HOUR preview at the fine booksellers who offer it have given it pretty good reviews. Many thanks, and check it out if you haven't already. Love to know what you think., A confession: Sometimes I spend a little too much time looking at reader reviews of my books. So, thank you for all the 4-star ratings you’ve been giving my recent books. And, in the case of Witch and Wizard: THE FIRE, thank you for the 100+ star rating on Goodreads. If what I’m seeing is a computer glitch, please don’t tell me., Speaking of getting kids excited about books and reading, one of the best ways is to ask kids who DO read to let us know what books made a difference for them. This year’s College Book Bucks entries are in and I’m very heartened, not just by what great books were picked, but by what great writing I’m seeing. Safe to say the Class of 2012’s got talent., Lauren Wohl and Caroline Henley, two colleagues of mine at ReadKiddoRead, sat down with a big group of Texas librarians at the Texas Library Association's annual conference last week to brainstorm ways parents can get kids excited about reading. Looking forward to showing you some of their tips. And, if you have any ideas yourself . . ., Congrats to fellow author Nicholas Sparks. I saw "The Lucky One" this weekend, and it was very well done. Nick, you must be overjoyed., Saw a couple movies this weekend. In "The Cabin in the Woods," everything depended on the ending, which let me down. And "The Raid: Redemption" was insanely violent, but bloody good. Way too much kickboxing., P.S. to Chris Barba—you  told me you liked my coming ZOO book, so I’ll try and get you a personalized copy when it’s hot off the presses., Christine Barba has just announced her retirement and I just want to wish her luck and thank her for all she’s done for me and my books. She’s been with my American publisher for 33 years and I daresay has been a relentless champion for books and reading the entire time. Thank you, Chris. We’ll miss you., As many of you know, Mike Wallace of 60 Minutes died last week. What a tough, dedicated reporter. His name reminds me that this week I’m sitting down for the toughest interview of my own life. The reporter? My son, Jack. He tells me he’s going to be asking me questions about my Middle School books, music, writing, and more. Let me know if you have any questions you’d like him to ask me. If I have enough material, maybe I can keep him too busy to ask about his allowance., Last week I told you about my once-in-a-lifetime trip to the Masters. Well, there's another chapter to it. Before we took that picturesque drive down Magnolia Lane, Sue and I got to play a round of golf with the Mr. Gary Player. Just the 3 of us on a crisp, quiet and beautiful Georgia morning... with the course to ourselves. Not just any course, mind you, but a course of Mr. Player's design. How cool is that? Here's a shot our caddy, Bobby Verwey, took of us., Do you use Twitter..., Do you use Twitter? I don’t know how much more technology I can take. Let’s just say there’s a reason I stick with pencil and paper when I write my books. Anyhow, my publisher wants to put up a poll to convince me to do it, in addition to Facebook. So that’s what that will be when you see it. Please feel free to vote, or not., Did any of you participate in "Drop Everything and Read" Day? Couldn't have said it better! Whatever you're doing—make someone's day and read to them. Read to your kids. Read to your mother. Read to your cat! Or at least knock off a few chapters of that book you've got sitting on your nightstand before you drop off to sleep., So I saw the movie "Bully" this weekend, and while this docudrama got a lot of press coverage, I was expecting it to be even more powerful. In my opinion, Middle School: The Worst Years of My Life —pretty much ignored by the press—will do more good than this well-intentioned film., Ouch. Even though we’ve never met, Stephen King is apparently not a fan of mine. Too bad, because I have quite enjoyed a few of his books. In fact, I’ve even put some of them on best-of lists. I like to take the high road and turn the other cheek, but I guess I shouldn’t go so far as to send him a friend request on Facebook? What do you think?, Imagine driving down Magnolia Lane into the fabled Augusta National golf course—a ride reserved for players and winners. Now imagine that you're the guest of 3-time Masters winner, Gary Player. Pinch yourself that you've just had a private tour of the Champions locker room followed by lunch on the clubhouse veranda. Hear the roar of Van Pelt's ace off in the distance—one that sounded more like a touchdown than a hole-in-one. Take in the beautiful dogwoods, lush green fairways—more hilly than you pictured—all framed by stunningly tall pines. And the reality of this is that I'm not writing fiction here—this was what Sue and I did last weekend. A once in a lifetime trip to the Masters and a brush with the green jacket. If I had a bucket list—check off #1., Any of you know any English teachers? Would you do me a favor? Please ask them, in their experience, what their best strategy has been for getting kids to like reading FOR FUN? Or, if they hadn’t had much luck, what they think the reasons are? Thanks., My co-author on the recently bestselling GUILTY WIVES had his most popular blog post ever just recently. The subject? Me. I feel the same way about you, David., Okay, okay, the broken-nose story. Not quite up to the pacing of GUILTY WIVES, but it has some action. So, some buddies and I at Manhattan College in the Bronx were part of a club basketball program where we’d go around the city and play other teams. We were pretty good but, one day, just five of us showed up and our opponents were real big on strategy. And their strategy was, it’s easier to beat four guys than five. You see, we had nobody on the bench that night, so they decided to give one of us a sucker punch so they could have a numerical advantage. Wish I hadn’t been a forward that night. I’ll spare you the details about the trip to the dentist that followed. (Lost some teeth, too.), Here’s a photo of Bart Rust in the recording studio, doing the voice of the award-winning Rafe Khatchadorian for some coming MIDDLE SCHOOL: GET ME OUT OF HERE videos. You can’t see the cast in the photo, but the kid just broke his foot playing basketball. I once broke my nose playing basketball. Or rather, had it broken for me. But that’s a story for another day. Unless you want to hear it?, Like I said, Jack and I are driving around the northeast this week. People often ask if my writing falls off when I travel but I’m pretty good about still finding the zone in hotel rooms, on planes, in the back seats of cars, wherever I am. Of course we’ll test the latter in a couple years when Jack’s old enough to drive. I probably won’t be able to do much when that happens. How did he grow up so fast?!, Even when I'm on the road, I still find time to take in a movie. Saw "Salmon Fishing in the Yemen". It was a clever, well-written fantasy with some nice historical overtones. A couple of Hollywood style over-reaches spoil what could have been just perfect., Jack and I are on a road trip this weekend up in New England. Can’t say I mind the early spring we seem to be getting. I clearly didn’t need to bring the ski parka. Though I’m glad I brought sweaters. It’s still a long way from Florida., On behalf of ReadKiddoRead, I had the good luck to have a chat with Mary Pope Osborne recently. Her Magic Tree House series was one of the first that hooked Jack and she’s a publishing legend and a pretty charming person, to boot. Sources tell me it’s right now possible to win some of her books over here., Just a reminder that you can still vote in the Children’s Choice Book Awards. All the attention we can bring to these great kids’ books is going to help change lives, so please vote for your favorites and get others to do so, too., "Jeff, Who Lives at Home" has terrific actors, two of my favorites—Jason Segel and Ed Helms—but I didn’t find the concept for the movie particularly compelling. Did any of you see it? What did you think?, New TV commercial for GUILTY WIVES has hit the airwaves. How many of you have seen it? What did you think?, Went to see "21 Jump Street" even though I never saw the TV show, and never wanted to. Still don't want to. But I love Jonah Hill and the movie definitely has some very funny moments., Went to see "The Hunger Games" last night. I liked the books but I liked the first movie even more. The storytelling is tight, tense, and Jennifer Lawrence is perfect in the role of Katniss. The only quibble I have with the Hunger Games series is this: I’m constantly hearing about the “the gatekeepers” of children’s literature. Now here’s a trilogy of novels about kids killing kids—so where are the gatekeepers?, I've updated to the Facebook timeline--what do you guys think of the new-and-improved page?, Here’s a CNN interview piece on the books going to the troops. I also have a little to say about my writing plans for the next forty or so years., To me, the Children’s Choice Book Awards are kinda like the Oscars of kids’ books. Actually, forget the Oscars. These books are going to change lives more than anything Hollywood put out last year. And I’m honored to be nominated again, this time for Author of the Year for my favorite book, MIDDLE SCHOOL: THE WORST YEARS OF MY LIFE. Whatever authors and books you pick, do please spend a quick minute, vote, and tell others to do the same., Was on TV about the troop donation. They called me “infamous” but I guess that’s okay. They tell me you can see it here. , GUILTY WIVES was one of the most fun-to-write books in recent memory. What is it about guilt that we find so compelling? Got anything you’re feeling guilty about? (Just please remember we’ve got a PG-13 audience here!), My friends at Classic Bookshop—the place with the finest (in my opinion) window displays in the business—just wanted me to remind you that they have some signed books of mine., I’ve noticed fan Carole Greenberg has been counting down the days here on my timeline to GUILTY WIVES. I’m glad you’re so excited, Carole, so we’ll say it together this time—TWO more days until GUILTY WIVES come out., Thanks for the thousands of terrific birthday greetings, everyone--and thanks for 'making my day'!, (Pssst! It's me, Sue...Today is Jim's birthday! Make his day and send him a birthday message. I'll be sure he gets it!), Finally got around to seeing "Wanderlust," and there were a few laughs, but not nearly enough for me. Felt like one of those flicks where everybody involved was stoned throughout the scriptwriting and shooting., As I’ve mentioned, and as you may have seen in the press, last week a lot of very kind people helped to move 20,000 boxes of my books from Lebanon, IN, to Alpharetta, GA, to California, and then to American troops overseas, as well as to bases and veterans’ hospitals. It’s my hope these books will be some small token of our appreciation—and hopefully a welcome and well-deserved piece of entertainment after all they’ve done and are doing. It’s their service that makes freedom—to vote, to have families, to make a living, even to read—possible in the first place., null, null, Do you have a loved one, friend or neighbor serving overseas? My friend Steve was a Marine captain in Vietnam. His son was a captain in Iraq – and their sacrifice and service inspired me to donate 200,000 copies of my books to the men and women serving this country. With the help of Books for Heroes, Feed The Children, and Hachette Book Group, we turned this really crazy undertaking into an absolute miracle. If I could shake each of their hands, I would – but since I can’t, I’m putting copies of my books into their hands and saying, “Thank you.”, Finally saw "A Separation." It won the Academy Award for Best Foreign Film, and it deserved it. Somber, depressing, and quite wonderful! Art, as opposed to another "art form." I liked this even better than "The Artist.", Talk about March Madness--my alma mater, Vanderbilt, beat Harvard to move to round three against my wife's alma mater, Wisconsin. While I'm normally cheering for the Badgers, to Barry, Bret and Bo I say--you've had the Rose Bowl, you've had a Heisman finalist. So c'mon, Bucky! Let my Commodores get the W on this one? Worst case--one of us makes the Sweet 16..., CLICK HERE FOR FREE CHAPTERS: http://bit.ly/w8OvaC, So, what did your kids love to read this year? Last chance to vote!, Thanks to BookReporter.com for their terrific review of PRIVATE GAMES., Just saw "Good Deeds". I liked this very much and so did the rest of the theater audience. Tyler Perry is stretching himself with more dramatic roles and he's doing it very well., Looks like I made it over the 3 million fan mark here on Facebook. I don't know which one of you put me over the line, but to whomever it was, thanks a million!, Just reading your comments about PRIVATE GAMES making it to #1 on the New York Times bestseller list. Thanks so very much for your kind words. You all are the best., Saw the movie Gone last night. This is a familiar subject--missing girls--but I thought it was quite well done. Worth seeing. It seems to me that the marketing was bungled., Thank you, thank you! Without all you Facebook fans, PRIVATE GAMES wouldn’t be #1 on this week’s New York Times bestseller list., Last chance to try your hand at the Private Investigation Sweepstakes. No matter how you do on the trivia, you'll get an exclusive Private Games desktop background when you answer them all by Sunday night., How do you read and row at the same time? @Tammy Larsen wrote “Finished [PRIVATE GAMES] in 10 hours while I crewed my husband’s endurance race.” Tammy, how’d you do it?, Private London’s offices are located in the city’s financial district, which is also home to the tallest building in the U.K. What building is that? White Tower? One Canada Place? Empire State Building? I guessed wrong, but you’re probably smarter than I am. Check out the PRIVATE GAMES sweepstakes and see…, Hope everyone is enjoying a nice long weekend. Good time to catch up on your reading..., Which PRIVATE novel are you currently reading?, Keep an eye out for Mark Sullivan’s October thriller, ROGUE. It features
the unconventional and very complicated hero Robin Monarch. The
book reminds me of a Bourne novel—one of the very best ones. Mark co-authored PRIVATE GAMES with me and he just debuted his thriller BROTHERHOOD as an ebook this week., What do you think of my latest? (If you haven't picked up a copy, here’s a free preview.), Just saw Safe House and, while I enjoy the work of both Denzel Washington and Ryan Reynolds, too much jumpy, blurry, colorized film detracted from the story--for me at least., Just a reminder: you could win a trip for two to London in celebration of my new book PRIVATE GAMES. I'm told you can even enter each and every day during the contest--click below..., Forgot to mention I saw Steven Spielberg while I was in L.A. last week. We were walking in opposite directions in the same hallway. I said, “Hi.” He said, “Hi.” Safe to say we’re both better at telling stories than making small talk., My publisher is celebrating the release of PRIVATE GAMES this week by giving away a trip for two to London. I'm told that if you go to my page, you should be able to click on the PRIVATE GAMES SWEEPS tab on the left (under my profile picture) to enter. Apparently I can’t enter., If you can’t be with the one you love, love the book you’re with. PRIVATE GAMES, just out this week, is a great choice. Happy Valentine’s Day everyone!, Valentine's Day is tomorrow—are you covered in the gift department? PRIVATE GAMES is on sale today (hint, hint).

, CLICK HERE FOR FREE CHAPTERS: http://bit.ly/AAVeoB, Some Cross movie news for anybody who hasn't heard yet. "Alex Cross" (yes, it's now just going to be called "Alex Cross") is coming to theaters October 26, 2012!, Hope you all have finished PRIVATE: #1 SUSPECT by Monday. Why? Because you’ll want to start PRIVATE GAMES ASAP…, I think you’re going to find PRIVATE GAMES (out Monday) very exciting. Like the preview?, Some of you have asked what’s going on with PRIVATE GAMES. I’m firmly against plot-spoilers, but I can tell you that Scotland Yard has recently enlisted Private to help thwart an insanely brilliant fiend set on bringing London to its knees. Does that sound like it might make for a promising plot?, In the typical media frenzy over Sunday’s matchup between the Giants and the Patriots, a columnist from the Bleacher Report wrote that the different Super Bowl subplots seem more like a James Patterson novel than an actual sporting event. Think they’d ever do an author reading at halftime?, Octavia Spencer recently told PEOPLE magazine that I was one of her favorite authors. That was especially nice to hear since I’m a big fan of her performance in "The Help" (as were the people at the Golden Globes, apparently). Congrats, Octavia!, I guess my work has been quoted before, but I don’t think ever quite like this..., CLICK HERE FOR FREE CHAPTERS: http://bit.ly/AAVeoB, Anybody interested in seeing the cover for NEVERMORE? USA Today revealed the cover of the final Maximum Ride book if you want to take a look., Kudos to Syringa Middle School in Caldwell, ID, for showing their students that books are a real prize. I donated some books to them, and the creative teachers and librarians gave them away “Deal or No Deal” style at a school assembly. The kids who chose the best deals, won the most books. Here’s a photo they sent me., Some of you have been telling me you're enjoying Dr. Sci, Private's forensic expert. You think Jack Morgan did well to hire him? I hear his high-tech talents don't come cheap…, Thanks to Teenreads.com for giving Witch & Wizard: The Manga and Daniel X: The Manga such terrific reviews. Also noticed that partner site KidsReads.com spotlighted a section called “Great Books For Boys,” that looks pretty smart., Has anyone seen We Bought A Zoo? If the title of this movie is scaring you off, don’t let it. We Bought A Zoo is a sweet, charming, relatively realistic film, based on a very real zoo, with terrific performances from everyone involved (but especially Matt Damon and Scarlett Johansson)., You think Alex Cross and Private’s Jack Morgan would get along? Just thinking out loud…, ANGEL is coming out in paperback February 7, and there’s a little surprise at the end for all you Maximum Ride fans. Here’s a hint: it has something to do with NEVERMORE., Sources tell me Private's London office has just received the alarming news that someone is planning to something very big and very bad. PRIVATE GAMES may hold some clues., Just saw "Tinker Tailor Soldier Spy," and here's what I thought: I’m not a huge fan of convoluted storytelling.  If a friend told us a story in the style of this film many of us would find ourselves interrupting and saying, “I’m not quite following you, and I’m not sure that I want to.” At certain times this kind of stylization derives from an inability to get a narrative down clearly and succinctly. That isn’t the case here. These filmmakers knew exactly what they were doing. This is premeditated confusion. It just isn’t my cup of tea. Which is not to say that it’s a bad movie, or a flawed piece of art – it’s just not for me., My U.S. publisher is giving away 25 advance copies of PRIVATE GAMES. Details on how to enter are at my website., Thanks for making PRIVATE: #1 SUSPECT #1 on the NYT bestseller list., The much-anticipated (based on the number of requests I’ve been getting) sequel to MIDDLE SCHOOL is coming out May 7th. It’s called “Middle School: Get Me Out Of Here!” You and your kids can take a sneak peak over at Middle School.com. Please let me know what you think. I think it’s a worthy successor to my most-reprinted book ever, but I can always use a second opinion., If you haven’t yet met Jack Morgan, he’s a former Marine who runs Private, a kind of 21st century techno-savvy detective agency for the upper 1% of the 1%. Definitely not someone you want to mess with. You’d think nobody would be crazy enough to try and frame him for murder, then., CLICK HERE FOR 28 FREE CHAPTERS: http://bit.ly/Ayabgj, So I finally saw "Sherlock Holmes: A Game of Shadows" and here's what I got out of it. Expensive but handsome photography? Check. Expensive actors muttering clever dialog? Check. A modicum of artsy incoherence? Check. Lots of fiery explosions? Check. Narrative power? Well, you can't have everything. But hell, I enjoyed it., Remember that CNN.com op-ed I wrote on getting our kids reading? It's been running in some newspapers and magazines lately, and I hear it's still getting attention. Thank you for helping draw attention to this important cause. Karyn Adams of the Knoxville News Sentinel says it's a "'get out the book' campaign with teeth." You can check it out here., Still feeling a little sluggish after the holidays? PRIVATE: #1 SUSPECT could help rev things up a bit. Here's how it starts. "A dark sedan turned off the Pacific Coast Highway and slipped into the driveway of a gated...", Maybe you’ve already seen this one on TV, but here’s the trailer for my new book, PRIVATE: #1 SUSPECT. It’s a little sexy, and a little dangerous, just like the Private team., CLICK HERE FOR 28 FREE CHAPTERS: http://bit.ly/Ayabgj, CLICK HERE FOR 28 FREE CHAPTERS: http://bit.ly/Ayabgj, So it looks like my idea for a new teen detective series really struck a chord. What would your ultimate teen detective be like? Like a young Lindsay Boxer, maybe?, Happy New Year everyone! No signs of slowing down in 2012. You're getting a new PRIVATE tomorrow, another new PRIVATE (Private Games) in February, and GUILTY WIVES--Sue's new favorite--in March. Sound good?, Where do the most powerful people in the world turn when they have a problem that needs to be handled very privately? Jack Morgan and his team of investigators, of course. They're smart, savvy, and have technology above and beyond any police force. You can trust them to make your problem... go away., So Ed Burns, in a recent interview, said that his co-star in the new Alex Cross movie, Tyler Perry, is going to be explosive in the role of Cross. I’d have to agree with him there. You can check out the full interview here for more on the film:, Here’s a pretty cool site where celebrities list their 5 favorite books. And if you visit and list your own 5 favorites, Scholastic will donate a book to a child in need. My own 5 favorites should be there, if you’re curious., Does last-minute shopping have you stressed out? Here's a tip: Go to a bookstore. They’re almost guaranteed to have at least one gift for every single person on your list. And if you need some help, drop a post on Facebook and tell us what you were looking for. A lot of us have some pretty good recommendations., Alex Cross and his family wish you a very Merry Christmas and a Happy New Year! It's going to be a busy year for Alex. A movie, his family, and you never know when a new crisis is going to demand his immediate attention in D.C., Only a few days left for high school seniors to enter my College Book Bucks program. College-bound teens could win up to a thousand dollars to spend at an independent bookstore. What books would you pick on your shopping spree?                   , Former President Bill Clinton was on the TODAY Show this morning, and had something to say about a certain noteworthy D.C. detective… Clinton talks about loving Alex Cross around the seven minute mark in the clip below., Most people call the academic years between elementary school and high school, middle school. Rafe Khatchadorian calls it a couple years incarceration at a maximum security prison. And I'm happy to report my publisher is calling it a maximum satisfaction holiday gift, especially for those hard-to-shop-for boys. Even if it's not MIDDLE SCHOOL, do please get the kids in your life a book this Christmas., The Alex Cross movie buzz is really heating up. Hollywood.com recently interviewed me, and yes, Tyler Perry is going to blow your minds. He brings a new energy to Alex Cross, very much like the way he's portrayed in my books. Perry is so serious and dramatic about the role! After filming a funeral scene, someone tried to talk with him but he declined, explaining his mood was too dark., Voting’s still open for ReadKiddoRead's 2012 Kiddo Awards. It’s a diverse group of books and authors, and they're ALL kid magnets—the kind of books your kids won’t be able to put down. So, please cast your votes for these gems (you can vote right here on Facebook), and maybe pick up a few as gifts. You can’t get much closer to a sure thing., I’ve been toying with the idea of creating a teen detective series... a kind of hip, cool, whodunit page-turner that will be OK for kids to read. Do you think it's a good idea? Some bookseller friends at @Lemuria Bookstore and A Real Bookstore liked the concept, and I'd love to know what you all think. I'm working on a little something for next year and, as always, I aim to please., A special thanks to The Bookstore Plus in Lake Placid, NY, for their eye-catching window display featuring the three Witch and Wizard books. Based on the photos I saw, I'd say they know how to capture the magic., So I just saw "The Sitter." This flick got mostly bad reviews--and maybe you'll agree with them--but I don't. For my money, "The Sitter" is all about the craziness modern kids are exposed to, the dilemma of how they stay sane, and the story is very (darkly) funny. There, I said it. Screw the critics., Saw "The Descendants" this weekend, and it had some very nice moments, but overall Sue and I were disappointed. Most of us have enough turmoil and sadness in our lives without getting an extra dollop on Friday night at the Cineplex., Witch and Wizard: The Fire has finally arrived. It's available in bookstores and on reading tablets, and the magic is everywhere!, Read that the challenge to turn reluctant readers, especially boys, into reading fanatics was discussed at the recent Miami Book Fair. Kudos to Carol Fitzgerald (from Bookreporter.com) for highlighting such an important issue. And if you haven't read my CNN.com piece yet, you'll see how important it is to me., Here's a wicked gift idea. Witch and Wizard: The Fire is out Monday. Two kids have a dream to rescue the world from an evil force, and with a little magic and a whole lot of guts, they just might manage to pull it off., Did you know tomorrow is Take Your Child to a Bookstore Day? I just heard about it, but it sounds like a great idea to me. Bring your kids to your local bookshop and let them browse around. It’ll be easier to get them reading if they helped choose the books. And, if you want to have some ideas before you go into the store, ReadKiddoRead might be able to help., Please take a moment to vote in ReadKiddoRead's 2012 Kiddo Awards. I'd love to know which books your kids just couldn't put down this year., Thanks to Bookreporter.com for giving KILL ALEX CROSS such a terrific review. Reviewer Joe Hartlaub said my books propel readers "like a locomotive through tissue paper." That’s quite an image—I’ll have to remember that one., Heard the good news from my publisher—KILL ALEX CROSS debuted at #1 on the New York Times bestseller list. Thank you to all you Cross fans out there, no matter if you’ve read one Alex Cross book or all 17. And I’m really looking forward to 2012. It’s going to be a big year for Alex with his new movie., If you missed Entertainment Tonight last night, here's the segment on the Alex Cross movie. As you'll see, Tyler Perry is taking this role VERY seriously. I've said it before, I'll say it again--he is going to blow your mind as Alex Cross., Witch and Wizard: The Fire isn't out until next Monday, but I just can't keep you waiting that long. Whit and Wisty have a lot of fire (figurative AND literal), and I love their fighting spirit., Movie news alert! Entertainment Tonight is taking you on the set of the new Alex Cross movie. Segment airs TONIGHT, 7:30pm ET/ 7pm PT, or whenever ET airs where you are. Can't wait to hear what you all think., Saw the movie "Hugo" this weekend. Not everyone will agree, of course, but for me this is Martin Scorsese's greatest film, his masterpiece, possibly the best movie of the year. The book on which it was based was very good, but the movie's even better--much more coherent., I’m incredibly excited about some new TV commercials for my books that you’ll be seeing soon, and here’s why—they show you exactly what happens when a kid gets excited about reading a book. Here’s one we did for Middle School (actually an extended cut—everyone who worked on these loved them that much). I’d love to know what you all think. , I keep seeing all over the news that today is Small Business Saturday, and I think it's a great excuse to stop by your local independent bookshop. I have my favorite here in Palm Beach (looking at you, Classic Bookshop!), but I bet you have at least one good one in your town, too. You might be surprised at the unusual, wonderful things you'll find there., Happy Thanksgiving everyone! Here's an idea that I hope takes some of the stress out of your holiday shopping: A book is a perfect gift for most anyone on your list, and especially any kids. You could help turn a kid you care about into a reading fanatic, and that’s the best gift of all. Also—books are easy to wrap., Alex Cross has a lot of favorite food haunts. Where should he have Thanksgiving dinner this year?, I recently shared my thoughts on the new Alex Cross movie, and, basically, I think it’s going to blow people’s minds with how good it is. Here’s why:, Thanks for the congrats and kind words many of you sent me about the Washington Post's recent review of KILL ALEX CROSS. It's very gratifying to get the nod of approval from friends in the publishing world, but I still live to please my readers. , The President’s kids have been kidnapped, and there's good reason to believe they're still alive. What can possibly make the First Family feel even more helpless and terrified? The kidnappers don’t want any ransom., Seems like the title of my latest book, KILL ALEX CROSS, has made all you Cross fans a little uneasy. I remember that a great master of suspense once said, "There is no terror in the bang, only in the anticipation of it." That was Alfred Hitchcock, and I'd say he knew what he was talking about., Cool photo from yesterday when I was on the Today Show. Me and fellow mystery writer Al Roker. Like it?, Sorry, everyone. Looks like I was given the wrong link. Here's THIS morning's interview with Al Roker:, Got to hang out with Al Roker and the Today Show crew this morning and talk about KILL ALEX CROSS and the new Cross movie. Had a great time, as always. Check it out below..., Elvis is IN the building! What can I do when the Washington Post, one of the country's most influential newspapers, reviews KILL ALEX CROSS and compares me to Elvis? I reread the review, make sure it's not a typo, and then feel extremely grateful. If you want to read the review, here it is., KILL ALEX CROSS just went on sale, so I'd love to hear reviews from all you Cross fans. Alex and I have been together quite a long time now... and I think we still got it., Some villains seem to scare readers (and moviegoers) more than others. They're the ones with unseen faces, whose minds we don't understand. The "average joe" type who could be sitting right next to you. Kind of creepy, I know, but at least we've got the best detective in D.C. working the case., Reading Is Fundamental (RIF) celebrated its 45th anniversary last week, and they could use our support now more than ever. I’ve liked them here on Facebook, and I encourage you all to do the same, and then to think of another way you can help get more kids reading today--anything from making a donation to RIF to just checking out ReadKiddoRead and finding a kid a great book., So I saw "A Very Harold & Kumar 3D Christmas" and if you’re curious about what happens to Beavis & Butt-head when they grow up—here it is. Short story: they don’t go grow up. Funny, irreverent, and over-the-top-gross at times., Scientists claim reading about villains triggers an adrenaline rush, a feeling which many people find quite pleasurable. Alex Cross? Well, villains just get him really worked up. KILL ALEX CROSS, I like to think, offers a pretty good example., Had a great interview with the Tampa City Buzz Examiner about getting our kids to read. Check it out if you’re looking for more tips and strategies to use with the kids you know. , The new Alex Cross movie has wrapped and is off to editing! I guess everyone survived the week-long shoot in Bali., Just heard NOW YOU SEE HER is nominated for a 2011 Goodreads Choice Award. I’m especially flattered because these awards are decided entirely by readers like yourselves. Polls are open now through the end of November. There are lots of great books in all the categories, so show your favorites some love., When Detective Alex Cross hears that the President's kids have been kidnapped, he takes it pretty hard—kids should be off limits. So, when the First Lady asks for his help, he's determined to rescue the First Family's children and find the sick monster behind this crime—at any cost. Ready for a taste of KILL ALEX CROSS yet? You can read the first 27 chapters, free, right now., Followed through on my Halloween plans and saw "In Time" last night. Kind of a cool premise. The acting was just fine, but, otherwise, the execution wasn't nearly as good as the idea., Happy Halloween everyone! What is everybody dressing up as? Sue and I are… going to the movies., Happy Halloween! Which Alex Cross villain would you least like to meet in a dark alley on Halloween night?, I wanted THE CHRISTMAS WEDDING to bring my readers lots of good feelings for the holidays, and now I want to thank you all for sending some back my way, too. All you romantics our there have helped THE CHRISTMAS WEDDING earn a spot on the latest New York Times bestseller list., Hey, Alex Cross fans. I know you're getting restless, so anyone interested in getting an advance copy of KILL ALEX CROSS should enter to win one on my website. We're giving away 25 copies before the book's release on Nov. 14. Just consider it my way of thanking you for supporting my favorite detective., Do any of you Witch and Wizard fans still need to catch up? THE GIFT is now out in paperback. It'll tide you over until December when the third book, THE FIRE, comes out. Actually, I just read THE FIRE again and I have to say I think it's one of my best., Been reading some of the wedding stories you all shared here, and they go to show weddings are often wonderful but imperfect events! Fan Annie Wolfe Potter wrote, "We had a downpour, there was no air conditioning, and my photographer had an asthma attack. An ambulance came. I told him to go home, but [he] persevered. A great time was had by all!", Just wanted to thank you all for the warm responses to my wedding photo. Going through my wedding photos again was a lot of fun, so here’s another one from that day. It was a little rainy, but that’s good luck, right?, School Library Journal gave MIDDLE SCHOOL a starred review in their November edition! SLJ says, "Hand this book to misbehaving, socially awkward or disengaged boys and girls who are willing to take it. It might help them believe that there is a place for them in the world, no matter how dire times may seem in the present." Thanks, SLJ--that means a lot. If you haven't checked out MIDDLE SCHOOL yet, click below for a free preview., In THE CHRISTMAS WEDDING, Gaby Summerhill must choose between three potential grooms. Which groom should she pick?, Heard from my publisher that ANGEL: A Maximum Ride Novel has made it to the "Teens' Top Ten." Young people throughout the country voted for their favorite books, and that makes this a very special accomplishment and a wonderful honor! Thanks, everyone... and keep reading!, Have you ever noticed how weddings and holidays often bring families... and all their personal problems… together? I wanted THE CHRISTMAS WEDDING to be about a real family, the kind you don't see on greeting cards. Gaby's kids come to their mother's wedding and bring their problems with them. Yet they still manage to have a wonderful time. Sure, the mystery groom is great bait, but the real draw of the story is the power of family. So, remember: Perfect family holidays don't require perfect families... just a box of tissue., What should a wedding at Christmas never be without?, Here it is: my full wedding photo with Sue. To my married fans, what was your wedding like? Leave a note in the comments. 

And to everyone else, hope you're enjoying 24 free chapters of THE CHRISTMAS WEDDING right here on my Facebook page., Here's three-quarters of my own wedding photo. Thanks to everyone who has told me what they've thought of THE CHRISTMAS WEDDING so far. To the rest of you, treat yourself to 24 chapters free--just click on the photo gallery on my page, and you'll find the link. When 10,000 of you tell me that the book has made you cry, I'll reveal the whole photo., Well, five thousand of you have told me what you've thought of THE CHRISTMAS WEDDING, so here's half of my wedding photo. I would have to say that my wedding was a lovely event...nothing over the top, just the right amount of guests and my beautiful bride, Sue, by my side. Of course I didn't get very involved with the details: the guests, the invitations. Sue did all that.
 
But now that I'm a seasoned family man, I have a new… understanding?
 
These events don't just happen. Ask Sue. She'll tell you.
 
So, I wrote THE CHRISTMAS WEDDING. The tree is trimmed, the guests have arrived and the bride looks stunning. Relax. All you have to do is pick up the book., I said I’d post my own wedding photo once ten thousand of you all told me that THE CHRISTMAS WEDDING made you cry. 2,500 of you have already, so I’m putting up a quarter of the picture! That's Sue's shoulder and bouquet. Help me put up the big picture… is reading THE CHRISTMAS WEDDING having you dig the Kleenex boxes out of your closet?, The Christmas Wedding is my fourth romance novel, and we're running a three-pack romance sweepstakes on my website so you can catch up with my others. Hope you take advantage of it. The offer ends at midnight tonight. Love stories make great holiday gifts., Looks like we’re over 1,000 responses on the way to having a glimpse of my wedding photo. My sisters always said I was good at making people cry. I’m just glad I’ve developed more pleasant ways of doing it over the years. Let me know, and when we get to 10,000, you’ll get to see me in a tux., The mission to get kids reading is up to 66,000 “recommends,” and, no, I haven't backed down from my promise to take it to the White House, but we have to keep upping the numbers.

Mr. Patterson goes to Washington? Sounds like an old Frank Capra movie, but I don't think he'd mind. Did you know he was a reading fanatic, too? No kidding! So, I bet he'd “recommend” this:, A lot of my characters get into some really awful situations, but that doesn't mean I don't have feelings; like when I see a person cry... oh, I just get miserably uncomfortable. So, when I heard THE CHRISTMAS WEDDING was making readers teary-eyed, I figured I better do something... to humor them. So here's the deal: I'll put up a photo from my wedding when 10,000 people let me know if they cried while reading THE CHRISTMAS WEDDING. Spoiler Alert: It's just possible I had more facial hair in those days!, I saw Footlose over the weekend. Sort of fun to watch but(!) man, can you feel the producers carefully, methodically, pushing every possible button—don’t offend the Christians, reach out to African Americans, let’s get to everybody who remembers the original movie, and everybody who doesn’t., A bride walks down the aisle with three...yes, three... possible grooms waiting for her at the altar.  Who's going to be the lucky guy? Not even her family knows. I thought this was a pretty compelling idea, and started writing THE CHRISTMAS WEDDING, which hits shelves tomorrow. I'm giving away the first 24 free chapters of the book for free., True love can triumph… with a little help from an imaginary friend. "Sundays At Tiffany's," the Lifetime Original Movie based upon my book, has just been released on DVD. A great addition to your home library or gift for the holidays. Look for great shots of New York City, including scenes which take place at the St. Regis, Central Park—and Tiffany's, of course. Alyssa Milano, Stockard Channing, Eric Winter and Ivan Sergei make for a great cast, I think. , I know, I know! Lots of you single folks out there have told me it's hard enough to find one love to bring to the altar, no less three! Hey, you have to admit, the story line is kind of fun: One bride with three grooms hoping to be the lucky one.
Did Gaby pick "Mr. Right"? You know me. I can't reveal his name, but I can give you a little help: read the first 24 chapters of The Christmas Wedding, free!, There's still time to tune in to my webcast to schools across the country, starting twenty minutes from now. Click play in the link below--it'd be great if you could join us., Know any high school seniors applying to college right about now? I bet they could use a thousand bucks for books! My program College Book Bucks is giving out money for textbooks to the seniors who can best answer the question, "What is your favorite book, and how is it inspiring you toward what you’d like to do in life?" I’m accepting essays through December, so let’s get cracking and win some money. More info at the link below..., We have a global economy for sure, but I'm a big fan of supporting our local retailers. It's neighborly and just makes sense. I'm particularly fond of my hometown bookstore, Classic Bookshop. It's the only place you can buy a signed, or maybe even personalized, James Patterson book. The offer won't last long, so if you're interested, stop by or give them a call at 561-655-2485. They're nice folks, they do shipping, and you can tell them James sent you., My son Jack, at thirteen, is a dedicated politico, so we all had to go see "The Ides of March" this weekend. I think we found it a little slow, a little coy, but still a decent flick. Also saw "Real Steel" and  it was actually a pretty cool movie for most kids (depending on whether or not parents want them to watch robots boxing). A little saccharine, but still a nice couple of hours with the kids., My publisher just informed me that the original Facebook post challenging parents to get kids reading received 23,000 Likes in less than 24 hours! That's pretty impressive. So, what do you think?  Can we get this message to the White House, after all? Yes we can!  Hmmm...that sounds awfully familiar..., I really enjoy my younger fans. MIDDLE SCHOOL: THE WORST YEARS OF MY LIFE put me in touch with a lot  of you, and you're just great. Although I can't personally talk with all of you, I can do the next best thing: next Thursday, October 13, from 1:15 pm to 2:00 p.m. EST, I'll be hosting a free webcast, just for you and your teachers. Ask your teachers to sign up here. And leave questions for me below, I'll try to answer as many as I can., I was delighted to hear that my mission to get kids reading got the nod of approval from @School Library Journal, a well-respected publication for librarians. By featuring my CNN.com op-ed piece, SLJ helped spread the message: Mom and Dad, it's your job to find books your kids will love to read. Thank you, SLJ. It's an honor to be on the same side as you!, Tomorrow is the last official day of Banned Books Week, so maybe now's a good time to pick one up for your kids or yourself. Judging from your comments over the weekend, I must have hit a nerve when I said "To Kill A Mockingbird" made it to the banned book list. Thanks to the First Amendment, a book can't actually be "officially" banned, but schools and libraries can locally "challenge" a book. "To Kill a Mockingbird" had its fair share of challenges. Most, if not all of them, have been dropped. Looks like Atticus won another case..., I loved Sheri Ball's comment. She wrote, “I was having a hard time getting my 10-yr-old son interested in books, until he saw some James Patterson novels for children at his book fair. He knows I read your books, and he thought that it was cool to read books by the same author as me. Thank you!!!” Sheri, thank you—just enjoy the time while your son still thinks it’s cool to do the same things you do!, Want to be the most popular kid, mom, dad, teacher or librarian at your school? Then enter to win a box of books from ReadKiddoRead. Each and every month, we're sending 50 schools a box chock full of my young adult books to help stock library shelves. For October we're doing two of my favorites: 'Witch & Wizard' for high schools and 'The Dangerous Days of Daniel X' for middle schools. Click the link to enter your school and please spread the word..., I'm excited to announce that the first-ever Witch and Wizard manga just came out. It's great for Witch & Wizard superfans, manga lovers and (you know me) reluctant readers. Head on over to the Witch & Wizard page for more info, and please Like that page while you're there. THE FIRE comes out in December, so there's going to be a lot of exciting news (including movie news!) coming your way., One of the more interesting tips you all have shared so far on how to get kids reading comes from reading specialist Amity Sullivan. When students told her they didn't like books, she'd ask them to "read" a TV show by turning off the sound and turning on the closed captioning. She says, "The speed of the captioned words increased their reading speed, hearing the words and seeing them while they were used in context built vocabulary. As their skills improved they seamlessly transferred from reading TV to reading books. It was an amazing transformation! They were hooked on books." I've never heard of this technique before, but I love it! Thanks for sharing., Heard from my publisher that we're in the midst of Banned Books Week, and I have to say I think that's pretty cool. You might be amazed to see how many wonderful, often classic books have made it on that list, including some of my favorites like 'To Kill A Mockingbird.' It's also a great excuse to recommend some books to your kids, especially the older ones. Kids love seeing stuff they're not supposed to, right?, Saw "Apollo 18" last night, and I just can’t stand these movies like "Paranormal Activity" (1 and 2) where they show sub-standard photography and are really boring.  If this were really an Apollo mission, I’d have left before takeoff., CNN.com's "This Just In" blog has been highlighting some of the most interesting comments readers made on my recent op-ed article, if you care to take a look. I'm reading through them right now, along with all your comments on Facebook, and a lot of them are just terrific., I continue to be floored by all the support this let's-get-our-kids-reading campaign's getting. Many, many thanks. If you haven't yet, or if you can think of other people you could tell, please do pass the word. I would be so proud of all of us if we could bring 10 million voices to our leaders., The only place to buy signed (and maybe personalized) James Patterson books is Classic Bookshop (tel. 561-655-2485). This is my hometown bookshop. And this is a two-week-only offer., Thanks for all the support and comments about my shortest published work of the year. Please keep sending me comments and, more importantly, let other people know about it by passing its link or liking/recommending it on Facebook. If we get to a million—or even ten million—people in support of it, I’m going to send it to Washington, D.C., I won’t make a habit of it, I promise, but I have a very serious favor to ask: please go read my piece that CNN just picked up and, if you agree with the idea, please recommend it on Facebook and pass it to a friend. Or ten friends. Or post about it on your own Facebook page and pass it to a hundred., I saw the movie DRIVE this weekend, and I have to say: very well-directed and acted. (I think Ryan Gosling is the best there is.) A sometimes very brutal art house thriller. Heroes in art house movies are usually stoic. This one seems to be a stand for realism., A message to all of you with boys who say they don't like to read: the latest in my Daniel X series is out today, and it's perfect for reluctant readers (my publisher says 8-12 years old is the sweet spot, but it could really be for any age). Daniel's an awesome superhero, and there are aliens, video games, lots of action sequences. Please give it a shot with your reluctant reader, and let me know how it goes. Of all Daniel's superpowers, I think his best is the ability to get kids reading., Been travelling a lot lately, but my publisher got word to me that KILL ME IF YOU CAN is #1 on the New York Times bestseller list for the second week in a row.  Thank you all for being such great fans, and please let me know what you thought of the latest book., Good thing Alex Cross is used to dealing with adversities greater than water main breaks. (They do tell me it’s not apt to delay the movie’s eventual release, though.), So I don’t always draw attention when I 'Like' somebody or something on Facebook, but in this case I’m going to show some nepotism: I’m hereby liking my very own ReadKiddoRead, which has just started a pretty nice-looking page to help you easily find the very best, most-likely-to-get-kids-reading-and-loving-it books of all time. If you have a minute, would you please consider taking a look and, if you’re into it, even consider liking it yourself? I appreciate it., So what would you do if, like KILL ME IF YOU CAN’s Matthew Bannon, the Russian mob were after you? There are more practical things to think about, but still…never hurts to be prepared., The best article yet about the new Alex Cross movie. The media and all the people in Cleveland are great, and I’m so confident having this in Rob Cohen’s (and Tyler Perry’s) capable hands. You’ll see why if you read the article., Hope you all enjoy the last great official weekend of summer. We've got people to see and places to go but I'm hoping to get some writing done. Do you think, as some have suggested, that KILL ME IF YOU CAN deserves a sequel?, Here's a little about how I like to write my villains., I know a lot of you have your favorite series, but give KILL ME IF YOU CAN a chance. It’s a great book, and I bet you’ll find a lot to like about Matthew Bannon. I definitely enjoyed writing about him., They tell me the TV commercial for my new book KILL ME IF YOU CAN starts airing tonight, but I have some pull around here and can get you a peek at it now, if you like:, Spent pretty much all morning doing radio interviews, so you might catch me on one of your local stations over the next couple of days talking about KILL ME IF YOU CAN and (my favorite topic) getting our kids reading. I don't have much voice left, but Sue and Jack will probably be okay with that., Did you all see those pictures from the weekend of an empty Grand Central Station? They were pretty eerie, and even more so because it reminded me of the opening scene from KILL ME IF YOU CAN., A little about the conundrum Matthew—the main character in KILL ME IF YOU CAN—finds himself in. And I have to ask—what would you all do if you found $13 million dollars somewhere? Or a bag full of diamonds?, If you’re on the East Coast, I hope you made it through Irene OK. We had a big tree come down on the house, but thankfully no one was hurt. But now on to better things—my new book KILL ME IF YOU CAN is on sale today. It’s a great, high-adrenaline story (if I do say so) about a guy who finds millions of dollars in diamonds, and the two world-class assassins who will stop at nothing to get those diamonds back., Fan Hayley Penguico Finetti asks when the release date of NEVERMORE, the last Maximum Ride novel, will be. My sources tell me it will be next August, and that there will be some special glimpses of it in the paperback edition of ANGEL coming in February 2012., So I made the New York Daily News’s Gatecrasher gossip column the other day. What did I do to put myself in the company of Lindsay Lohan and Kim Kardashian? I was at a big Broadway show the other night, and a woman stopped me to tell me how much her son loved MIDDLE SCHOOL, and ask if could I write the sequel any faster. My answer to her (and to all you other Middle School fans out there) is: I’m working on it!, My fellow writer Rick Riordan, author of the Percy Jackson series, and I sat down with The New York Times to talk about a topic that is close to both of our hearts— reluctant readers. I hope this video inspires you to keep trying with your own reluctant readers. (And, bonus trivia question—where was I working when I discovered that reading could actually be fun?), Just making my way back again from the set of the Alex Cross movie, and I'm feeling pretty up-beat about it. Tyler is great. He's going to blow everybody's minds. And Ed Burns is irrepressible, a real talent., My publisher tells me KILL ME IF YOU CAN, which hits stores Monday, is close to setting some sort of pre-order record. I should have a book trailer to put up pretty soon,  but here are the preview chapters in the meantime. Hope you enjoy it., A friend just pointed out to me that Sarah W. posted a nice review for MIDDLE SCHOOL. Many thanks, Sarah W., Just saw a daily from the Alex Cross movie that apparently brought tears to the eyes of everybody who saw it, myself included. Sorry I can’t tell you more—I’m sworn to secrecy., My Facebook fan Lisa Parrott wrote, "Hurry August 29th, I need a James Patterson fix!!! I read the 25 chapters and I am going crazy waiting for the book to come out so I can see how it ends!!" I'm glad you liked the beginning of KILL ME IF YOU CAN, and I happen to think the rest of this one if even better than the start. You all let me know what you think if you get a chance, okay?, Turns out Middle School may just turn out to be my bestselling hardcover book ever—my publisher is telling me in its first weeks on sale it’s done better than Wimpy Kid or Hunger Games (or even Witch & Wizard and Maximum Ride) did in their first weeks. Thanks for checking it out. More to come from Rafe, I promise., Never let it be said that Cleveland’s local news is asleep at the wheel. (Looks like they caught a glimpse of Detective Cross, and have some footage of him.), En route to Cleveland today to check in on the Alex Cross movie. This is really happening, folks—filming started Monday. I might even try to swing a Hitchcock-esque cameo while I’m on set. Think you all will be able to spot me?, Another weekend at the movies for me. Saw "Crazy, Stupid, Love", and if you're a romantic, the movie delivers. Good dialogue, high emotion, surprises, lots of laughs. Probably my favorite movie so far this summer. (But of course I haven't yet seen--and won't see--"The Smurfs".), Just saw "Captain America: The First Avenger" with my son. It's an old-fashioned comic book-style movie based on an old-fashioned comic book, and this—in Jack’s and my opinion—far outshines the others in its genre: Pirates, Transformers, Green Lantern, Thor (did I forget any of these forgettable flicks?)., Well, a deal’s a deal. We’ve passed the 2 million-fan mark on this page, so here’s a sample of my new book out in August, KILL ME IF YOU CAN. And thank you again, folks. I appreciate all your posts and comments, and I hope you find my musings at least somewhat interesting., Looks like we're getting close to 2 million fans here. Now my son Jack likes to remind me that this doesn't mean I actually have 2 million friends, but it's still pretty exciting! I'll even release the first part of my next book when we hit 2 mil (I'll probably do that no matter what, but still...)., Sign up for the ReadKiddoRead newsletter and you'll be entered to win a free ReadKiddoRead t-shirt. Have your kids found a book they've really liked this summer? If not, browse around. There are plenty of books that are sure to win their hearts., I’m getting dragged into the 21st century whether I like it or not. Just got an iPad. Gather you can read books on it. And play Angry Birds. That’s about as far as I’ve gotten, though… Stay cool, everybody!, I spent part of today at the Scholastic Educational Leaders Reading Summit in Dallas, and it was fantastic! Teachers from all over were there to discuss effective ways to get kids reading. Teachers deserve our thanks and respect—they certainly have mine., NOW YOU SEE HER and MIDDLE SCHOOL were both #1 on their respective New York Times bestseller lists again this week. It’s always nice to be #1, but this success is particularly sweet—it means parents and kids are out there discovering great books together. Thanks, everyone!, Tabitha Retana wrote on my wall that her son read MIDDLE SCHOOL in 10 hours! Tabitha, you should be proud to have such a great reader on your hands. And it’s a good reminder for the rest of us: what are we going to challenge our kids to read today?, I filmed a short video for AOL’s “You’ve Got” segment, and I hope you all take a minute (well, a minute plus 20 seconds) to watch it. Some of the facts about children’s literacy in this country are shocking and it’s up to all of us—not just the schools—to do something about it., This could be the end of our beautiful relationship, but I have to tell you—I found the first half of the new Potter movie disjointed and a big, expensive bore. But I liked the second half almost as much as I disliked the first half, so I’m only half a Muggle., Just saw HORRIBLE BOSSES. It was raunchier than The Hangover Part II, Bridesmaids, and Bad Teacher – but with more funny lines than all three of them put together. You’ll probably love it, or walk out on it., Just wanted to say thanks to Fred and everyone at Strand Book Store in NYC for having me in earlier this week. Such a legendary bookstore. It was great visiting you guys!, So it looks like the cast for I, ALEX CROSS is pretty well set. Tyler Perry, Matthew Fox, Ed Burns, Jean Reno, Giancarlo Esposito and… as Nana Mama, Cicely Tyson!, So I’m noticing some of you said NOW YOU SEE HER would make a great movie. Who would you cast to play the main characters?, Saw two other (smaller) movies over the past week. The documentary BUCK suggests that not only was he (Buck Brannaman) the brains behind THE HORSE WHISPERER, but he is also more interesting and authentic than Robert Redford. And BEGINNERS was sometimes depressing as hell, sometimes funny as hell, but always superbly acted., If you haven’t yet, do check out the website for MIDDLE SCHOOL. There’s lots of fun stuff there for both kids who have read the book and those who haven’t yet. Kids can meet the class and read the first 20 chapters (or you can, too, for that matter). They can even create their own comic strips. Definitely one of the better things your kids can do with their computer time., I’m a firm believer in avoiding plot spoilers, but I’d love to know what part of NOW YOU SEE HER scared you the most? The Jump Killer, maybe? Here’s my take. (And if you haven’t read it yet, here’s why I think you’re in for a thrill ride.), I'm really making the rounds lately. Here's a clip from my appearance on CNBC's Squawk Box the other morning. Some interesting talk about the book business and getting kids reading. Must have been an important interview - I put on a tie and everything., I have to thank you guys again! Word from my publisher is that NOW YOU SEE HER also achieved #1-bestseller status. Hope you all enjoy it, and the first 29 chapters are free at my website if you care to sample it., My publisher told me this morning that MIDDLE SCHOOL is a #1 national bestseller, so I just want to say thanks to all of you. If you haven't taken a look at it yet, check out the 20 free chapters on the website. I've heard from so many people that their kids just can't put this book down, and that's the best news of all., So I did see TRANSFORMERS: DARK OF THE MOON this weekend. Here's my take. The assassination of JFK? Alien robots did it. Chernobyl? Alien robots did it. The O.J. Simpson murders? Alien robots. Creation of this movie? Alien robots. There are some funny set pieces, not the least of which is the heroine running through the final 40 minutes (in one continuous scene) half the time in high heels, half the time in flats., Sally Cook shared this article here recently and wrote "Thanks for including HEY BATTA BATTA SWING! THE WILD OLD DAYS OF BASEBALL on your TOP FIVE SUMMER READS FOR KIDS." The best I can say is, thanks for writing the book, Sally! The world needs more books like this that show kids how much fun reading can be., Over the next few weeks and months I’m going to be giving some shout-outs to the bookstores in my life that have not just done well by my titles, but have helped turn so many of us into dedicated readers. I figure they deserve a little credit for all the great work they do. Please feel free to let me know of your own favorite places to pick up books., I saw a few of you posted about how much your kids are liking MIDDLE SCHOOL. It’s great to hear, and I’d love to hear from more of you folks with kids out there. And what other books are they going to be reading this summer? It's hard to get some kids reading, but I hope MIDDLE SCHOOL makes it a little easier for you parents., Hope everyone is enjoying the long weekend and has a happy Fourth. Maybe you're doing some reading today? Sue and Jack are on a trip, so I'm going to hunker down and get some writing done. And maybe a little golf. And a movie. And another movie., Thanks for all the kind reviews everyone. In case you couldn't catch it on TV, here's the clip of me with Kathie Lee and Hoda on TODAY., Look for me on the TODAY Show around 10:38 this morning, and see how I held up under the bright lights of television., Looks like I’m headed into New York City today for the TODAY Show. Taping an interview that will air tomorrow morning. I hear things can get a little wild with Hoda and Kathie Lee, so wish me luck…, My publisher tells me MIDDLE SCHOOL is selling like hotcakes and may hit #1. I guess I should get busy on the sequel? Here’s a little of me talking about how I came up with the notion of it., I know NOW YOU SEE HER just came out, but I hope any of you who’ve picked it up are enjoying it so far. @Lauren Deal Butler of Richmond Hill, GA, commented, “First 29 chapters are great! I'm hooked and I can't wait to read the rest!” Thanks, Lauren—and I like to the think I get better as I go along (in writing and in life, too), and the next 29 are even better than those ones. And the ones after that, well . . . , Umm, I really don’t know what to say about this one. I guess I should write a thank you note? (It is a good book, by the way.), I’ve done a new TV spot with a kid I know. What do you think of our performances? Something tells me this kid is going to be a star..., NOW YOU SEE HER is on sale tomorrow. Please be honest (and hopefully kind) with your reviews., My publisher tells me that NOW YOU SEE HER has among the highest pre-orders of any book I've written. Thank you for that, and hope you enjoy it. (And even if you're like me and aren't organized enough to pre-order things, you can still get it on Monday)., I don’t know if you guys saw this piece in USA TODAY, but Monday I’m doing something authors normally don't do. I’m publishing two books at once! The reason for the two books—one for you, one for kids— is I want to encourage people's habit, when they’re out getting a book for themselves at a store or library, to also pick one up for a kid they know. Anyhow, hope you don’t think I’m too strange., I have this new book for kids coming out next week—it’s called Middle School: The Worst Years of My Life. On the book’s website, kids can submit a story about the “worst” thing that happened to them in middle school, but I’m sure all of us adults have some pretty good stories, too. So —what’s the worst thing that happened to you in school?, Also saw Mr. Popper’s Penguins this weekend. I’ve no idea why I saw this movie. Maybe because I usually like Jim Carrey? Not a bad family flick. Absolutely preposterous premise, though., Saw Green Lantern this weekend. Better (for me and my 13-year-old) than Thor, but not even close to The Dark Knight. Honestly, I don’t know why they made Thor or Green Lantern. Still, this was better than Jack or I expected it to be, so I guess it’s all relative., So my son Jack and I saw "Super 8"--it's like "Stand By Me" meets "Close Encounters" meets "Predator." Jack and I absolutely loved the kid dialog (Stand By Me). The rest of the story was a little predictable. It’s one of those tales in which strange things are happening and you hope that the reveal is surprising and satisfying. It isn’t. Still, the movie’s set-up is worth the price of admission., July's issue of Family Circle magazine features a Q&A with James about reading, writing and family. Check it out!, Do your kids have great books to read this summer? ReadKiddoRead summer reading subscriptions are now available! Books arrive gift-wrapped throughout the summer, for your child to find waiting at the doorstep.

Chosen specifically for the unique kiddo in your life, it’s just that much easier to get your kids addicted to books. Learn more here:, Saw X-Men: First Class this weekend. Loved the first half or so, and then it just (for me anyway) turned into a somewhat more typical comic book genre flick. But the first half is definitely full of cleverness, with echoes of the James Bond movies., James and Rick Riordan drew a packed crowd of kids, parents and teachers to Alice Tully Hall Wednesday night, and both authors were a hit! Check out the full story below., TONIGHT'S THE NIGHT! James Patterson and Rick Riordan are LIVE at Lincoln Center, and you can watch via the free webcast. Go to www.RickandJamesLive.com for all the details, and then tune in at 6:30pm (EST)!, This is the week! See James and Rick Riordan LIVE at Lincoln Center via streaming webcast. Mark your calendars for Wednesday, May 25 @6:30pm (EST). Go to www.RickandJamesLive.com for all the details, and if you have a question for James, ask it here - just watch the webcast to see if yours gets asked!, James and Rick Riordan have SOLD OUT their Alice Tully Hall event, but you can still see the event LIVE via streaming webcast! Tune in at RickandJamesLive.com at 6:30 PM, Wednesday, May 25. And do you have a question for James? Post it here, and watch the webcast to see if your question gets asked!, That long Memorial Day weekend will soon be here, so stock up on your beach reading! THE 9TH JUDGMENT is available in paperback, and 10TH ANNIVERSARY is new in stores now!, New reviews posted for THOR and SOMETHING BORROWED! What movies did you see this past weekend?, 10TH ANNIVERSARY is the new Women's Murder Club novel. Where did you first hear it was available?, Besides Lindsay Boxer, who's your favorite member of the Women's Murder Club    - Claire, Cindy or Yuki?, What was the most exciting storyline in 10TH ANNIVERSARY? The teenage girl whose baby goes missing? Dr. Martin's murder trial? The women who were attacked but have no memory of what happened? Share in the comments!, A 'Thank You!' message to Women's Murder Club fans from James:, More ALEX CROSS MOVIE NEWS! Jean Reno is the latest star to join the cast of 'I, Alex Cross'!, Thanks everyone! 10TH ANNIVERSARY is now a New York Times' bestseller! Take a peek at the latest Women's Murder Club novel below!, 10TH ANNIVERSARY made the Today show's list of great summer books featuring "lethal ladies"! Put 10TH ANNIVERSARY at the top of your summer reading list - the first 30 chapters are free at jamespatterson.com., Women's Murder Club fans - how did you like 10TH ANNIVERSARY?, Listen while you surf! The first 30 chapters of 10TH ANNIVERSARY are available to sample as an audiobook, too! Click the link, and listen to Carolyn McCormick (of Law & Order fame) read the latest Women's Murder Club novel., New movie reviews from James! Anyone read Water For Elephants? James saw the new movie adaptation, plus a few more - click the link below!, How many of you out there are reading 10TH ANNIVERSARY? Or have already finished it? Share a review in the comments below!, Still need a last minute-minute gift for Mother’s Day? The new Women’s Murder Club novel 10TH ANNIVERSARY makes a perfect gift for any mom on your list!, Is your mom a James Patterson fan? Then she’ll love 10TH ANNIVERSARY, the new Women's Murder Club book, in bookstores now!, Which James Patterson novel would YOUR mom most like to get this weekend?, IS MOM HARD TO PLEASE? 10th Anniversary makes a great gift for Mother’s Day! She’ll love it, and you might, too. Sample the first 30 chapters yourself - they're FREE!, The Women’s Murder Club has saved its best for the 10TH ANNIVERSARY! The new Women's Murder Club novel 10TH ANNIVERSARY is in bookstores now!, A '10th Anniversary' gift for you! Read the first 30 chapters of the newest Women's Murder Club book, FREE!, Women's Murder Club fans - is Lindsay Boxer making a mistake by marrying Joe Molinari? Answer below, and don't forget - 10TH ANNIVERSARY is on sale now!, Hear what James has to say about Lindsay Boxer's wedding and what’s happening with the other members of the Women’s Murder Club. And remember--10TH ANNIVERSARY is on sale now!, A lot of you fans said you ‘Liked’ the new TV commercial, so if you want to see it again (or see what you missed), here it is! 10TH ANNIVERSARY is in bookstores now! , In bookstores today—10th ANNIVERSARY is the new Women’s Murder Club novel! It's Lindsay Boxer's wedding day, and the Women's Murder Club races to save a missing baby… , Oops—I’m sorry! Looks like there were some problems with my page over the weekend. CLICK THE NEW RELEASES TAB to get your FIRST 30 CHAPTERS OF 10TH ANNIVERSARY, FREE! And don’t forget—10th ANNIVERSARY is ON SALE today!, ON SALE TOMORROW! See James Patterson and Rick Riordan – LIVE! One Night Only – Wednesday, May 25th, at Alice Tully Hall, Lincoln Center, New York City.  Tickets are $5.00 and go on sale tomorrow at 10:00 AM. Order online @ www.lincolncenter.org or call CenterCharge at 212-721-6500. Get yours before they sell out!, Women's Murder Club fans, celebrate! 10TH ANNIVERSARY goes on sale next Monday, but you can read the first 30 chapters now - just click the link!, Parents and Families! See James Patterson and Rick Riordan – LIVE! One Night Only – on May 25th @ Alice Tully Hall, Lincoln Center, in New York City. Tickets go on sale this Saturday, April 30th at 10:00 am. Order online or call CenterCharge at 212-721-6500. All tickets $5.00, so bring the entire family!, James and Maximum Ride are up for a 2011 Children's Choice Book Award! Go get your vote on if FANG was one of your teen's (or your) favorite books last year. The polls close April 29, so vote now!, Check out this great story from ReadKiddoRead. A Virginia high school student used his community service hours to form a boys-only book club at the local elementary school, and the kids were thrilled!

Know of any local events or programs that have helped excite kids to read for fun? Share them in the comments below!, Time's running out! Make sure all the Witch and Wizard fans at your house vote for the 2011 Nickelodeon Kids' Choice Awards. Witch & Wizard is up for Favorite Book, and only the fans can help James take home the blimp!, Thanks to everyone for helping make TOYS a #1 New York Times bestseller! Have you read TOYS yet? Are you reading it now? Share your review of TOYS in the comments below!, From James: Thanks to everyone for all the birthday greetings. Spent a few days in NYC, but now I’m back in Palm Beach where it’s nice and warm. Did you hear Matthew Fox and Ed Burns are joining the cast for ‘I, Alex Cross’? I think they’re going to be pretty good in their roles but, if you get a chance, let me know what you think., Ever get lost in the bookstore, wondering which book is the right book for your child? Make your kids into readers for life with help from the Kids' Book Finder app from ReadKiddoRead. It's free for iPhone, so download it now!, Want more TOYS? James give the inside story on his latest thriller here!, BREAKING ALEX CROSS NEWS! Matthew Fox and Ed Burns have both signed on to be in the new Alex Cross movie! Check out Deadline.com for more on this 'killer' development..., TOYS is on sale today! Hays Baker is a hero who rivals both James Bond and Jason Bourne, so you won't want to miss it!, TOYS comes out Monday, but you can sample the first 21 chapters now! Have some fun - read TOYS!, Help make Witch and Wizard the Favorite Book at the 2011 Nick Kids' Choice Awards! Voting opens today, and you (or your kids) can vote each and every day! Winners will be announced LIVE on April 2, so VOTE NOW!, Time's running out to enter the TOYS sweepstakes. You could win one of 25 advance copies of the upcoming thriller TOYS, so enter now!, The Oscars are this weekend! Are any of your favorite movies in the running? James had his favorites from 2010..., Maximum Ride is coming to an end. Hear James talk about the penultimate book in the wildly popular series:

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ty8GQJbAD_E, Take a sneak peek at the new ANGEL commercial! There's an awesome shot of Max and Fang in flight!, Happy Valentine's Day! ANGEL makes a perfect Valentine for readers of all ages, and it's on sale TODAY!, Cool news for Witch & Wizard fans! The series is nominated for Favorite Book at this year's Nickelodeon Kids' Choice Awards! Fans can start voting on March 1, so prepare to click!, ANGEL - the penultimate book in the Maximum Ride series - comes out next Monday! Only Angel knows how it all ends, so you'd better start reading the first 23 chapters now!, A big THANK YOU to everyone who shared a story about the everyday hero in their life! Some of the best are now up on JamesPatterson.com! If you’d like to share a story of your own, just leave a comment below - more will be posted throughout the month of February., So what does James think about Tyler Perry as Alex Cross? "Plain and simple, Tyler Perry is a movie star. He has talent and likability, and he said to me, 'I wouldn't take on the role of Alex Cross if I didn't think I could do a great job.'", BIG CROSS MOVIE NEWS! Tyler Perry will play Alex Cross in the upcoming film “I, Alex Cross”! Check out the full Variety story…, Looking for more on Michael Bennett? James talks about his favorite NYC detective and the new book TICK TOCK here!, James raised $170,000 for the Palm Beach Police Foundation by auctioning off character namings in his upcoming books - and by turning the tables on host Donald Trump! Seems like the Donald thought it was worth $100k just to keep his name OUT of the thriller pages!, It's the most explosive, most exciting Michael Bennett novel ever! Tick Tock is here - get your copy today!, The clock is ticking down... Tick Tock goes on sale Monday! Start reading now - the first 28 chapters are available online! (You can put 'em on your e-reader, too!), Michael Bennett is a character inspired by the brave heroes of the NYPD. Now, on Martin Luther King Day, who is a hero to millions of people around the world, tell us who your hero is. A local policeman? The city’s firemen? Your teacher or local librarian?
 
Leave a few lines on who YOUR hero is and why, and the best stories will be featured on James Patterson.com!, For manga fans! Witch & Wizard Manga is coming September 2011, but you don’t have to wait to start reading! Here’s a FREE sneak peek at Vol. 1., Are you ready to take on a new case in the James Patterson: Catch a Killer game? Check out “Conviction” – How far will a mother go to save a child?
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nfi9SEENPVQ

http://bit.ly/CatchAKiller ← Click to Play Catch a Killer!, Step into the shoes of a detective! Join Alex Cross in James Patterson: Catch a Killer and stop serial murderers before they take more lives. The game has recently been updated to decrease load time.

http://bit.ly/CatchAKiller ← Click to Play Catch a Killer!, Enter now for a chance to win an advance copy of Tick Tock! New Year's Eve may be over, but the countdown to the new Michael Bennett book is on!, Here’s a valuable gameplay tip for the new Facebook game, James Patterson: Catch a Killer. You can help your friends solve more crimes by gifting energy. The more friends you have the more gifted energy you can get for free!

http://bit.ly/CatchAKiller ← Click to Play Catch a Killer!, New game content has been added to the new murder-mystery Facebook game, James Patterson: Catch a Killer. Including new cases like “The Garbage Man” and new items for your avatar. Check out this new game image.

http://bit.ly/CatchAKiller ← Click to Play Catch a Killer!, Exclusive case preview video. Get a chilling peek at just one of the murder cases you can investigate in James Patterson: Catch a Killer.
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BYk57lw1fp8

http://bit.ly/CatchAKiller ← Click to Play Catch a Killer!, Got any teen readers on your holiday shopping list? Witch and Wizard: The Gift makes a perfect present! The Associated Press said it's "action-packed" and sure to get "kids to put down their remotes for just a few days.", Go behind the scenes of the Witch & Wizard: The Gift book trailer! Watch how the magic of Whit and Wisty came to life!, The new game James Patterson: Catch A Killer has officially launched on Facebook. Check out this USA Today interview with James to learn more or try the game for yourself. Become a detective and stop serial killers with Alex Cross. 

http://bit.ly/CatchAKiller ← Click to Play Catch a Killer!, Have you started Witch & Wizard: The Gift yet? James talks about writing the book, working on the screenplay, and how he pictures the world of Whit and Wisty. Check it out!, Today you can become a detective on Facebook. Team up with detective Alex Cross to stop serial killers in the brand-new Facebook game, James Patterson: Catch a Killer – Play Free NOW!

http://bit.ly/CatchAKiller ← Click to Play Catch a Killer!

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OfXLAyl0UcQ, Vote for your favorite books of the year in the 2010 GoodReads Choice Awards! James is nominated in four different categories, so vote now! Polls are open through December, and the winners will be announced January 5, 2011., Witch and Wizard: The Gift is on sale TODAY! Don't wait for the movie - get a copy now for yourself and for all the readers on your Christmas list., The Witch & Wizard movie will be hot! Read some scenes from the screenplay and see for yourself. (Oh, and don't forget that Witch & Wizard: The Gift comes out Monday!), Announcing the Kiddo Awards: the best books of the year to get kids absolutely addicted to reading. Which books have your kids loved in 2010? Cast your vote now!, In case you're not already excited for Witch and Wizard: The Gift, here's the book trailer. Gives you chills!, Less than a week to go until Witch & Wizard: The Gift! Just can't wait that long? Read the first 21 chapters now!, From James: What a nice Christmas surprise! The best movie based on one of my books is Sundays at Tiffany's. Watch it with me this Monday at 9 PM ET on Lifetime., Take the magic wherever you go! Witch & Wizard: The Gift is now a free app for iPhone and iPad. Discover your hidden gift (like Whit and Wisty!), make branded photo billboards to share, even hack the New Order propaganda machine! Book and movie screenplay previews are all here, too!, James has a movie update for everyone: Just back from Hollywood. Nice to be home in Florida. The Cross movie seems to be moving along (I hope, I hope) and the Witch & Wizard film is very hot! Talked to five directors - two of them great - who want to shoot it. Next we'll probably look at casting.

Who would you like to see star in Witch & Wizard? I know I have my favorites., Be part of the Witch & Wizard magic on Facebook! ‘Like’
our new page! It’s home to tons of bonus content, and you can help us count
down to the Dec. 13 release of Witch & Wizard: The Gift!, James was on the Today show this morning! Here's the video in case you missed it. Watch James chat with Al Roker about the new Alex Cross book CROSS FIRE, Idris Elba as Alex Cross in the next film adaptation, and the new Catch a Killer Facebook game coming later this year., TV Alert: Catch James tomorrow morning at 9:30 on NBC's 'Today' show. He'll be talking about his new book Cross Fire and all things Alex Cross!, The new Alex Cross book is finally here! Get your copy of CROSS FIRE today!, The wait is almost over! Cross Fire comes out next week, but you can read the first 30 chapters NOW!, It's Friday, so time for some fun! Put together Witch & Wizard jigsaw puzzles on Shockwave.com. New puzzles will be revealed every week until Witch & Wizard: The Gift releases on 12/13!, Have you checked out Max-Dan-Wiz.com lately? It's all decked out for Witch & Wizard: The Gift and full of free stuff, like never-before-seen chapters and a sneak peek at the  script for the upcoming movie!, Witch & Wizard is available in paperback! Sample the first 20 chapters now, and get ready for the sequel, Witch & Wizard: The Gift, coming Dec. 13!, Try the new FREE James Patterson app for your iPad or iPhone! It's everything from the world's #1 bestselling author right at your fingertips! Get it now!, There's one thing left for you to do before leaving the office today. And that is: enter for a chance to win an advanced copy of the new Alex Cross! 

http://jamespatterson.com/sweepstakes.php, For Women's Murder Club Fans: a treat to tide you over until the next book! Try the new PC game Little Black Lies. Bonus content includes an exclusive excerpt of 10th Anniversary!, The Don't Blink Staring Contest is still on! Stare down the Monday blues with the game that has the Mafia buzzing!, Who played Alex Cross in the movie adaptation of Along Came A Spider? That's right...Morgan Freeman! Congratulations to everyone who got it right and extra congratulations to the ten that were quick enough to answer first. A CROSS FIRE proof will be winging it's way to you very soon. Watch this space for more free copies of CROSS FIRE in the next week or so., An interview with James about his new book Don't Blink. It's a real 'eye-opener'!, Play the game that has the Mafia buzzing! New on Facebook--the Don't Blink Staring Contest. You Blink, You Die., Don't Blink is on sale NOW! Read Book One for FREE at jamespatterson.com -- it's an offer you can't refuse!, Make it a thrilling weekend! Don't Blink "Book One" is posted now!, James saw The American.  Read the new movie review below!, James loved Get Low -- Robert Duvall and Bill Murray!  Have you seen it?  Read his review below., James just saw Eat Pray Love.  Check out the review below!, Read Don't Blink early!  Enter to win one of 25 advance copies!, James just saw The Kids Are All Right.  Movie review below!, Cover revealed! DON'T BLINK is the new thriller, out Sept. 27!, James gives all the behind-the-scenes info on The Postcard Killers, the new book he wrote with European bestseller Liza Marklund!, Hollywood is buzzing about who will be cast as the next Alex Cross!  Check out the scoop in the Entertainment Weekly article below!, Can't get enough of The Postcard Killers?  Watch the extended trailer!, Book signing this weekend!  See James this Saturday at the Ossining Public Library in Ossining, NY., The Postcard Killers hits stores TODAY! When the #1 bestselling author in the US teams up with the #1 bestselling author in Europe, you get 1 amazing book! Find excerpts at JP.com., Happy Friday! Browse through these 'Great Advanced Reads' on ReadKiddoRead. Pick out one for you and one for your kiddo and enjoy some weekend reading!, James just saw The Girl Who Played with Fire.  His movie review below!, Don't forget!  Win an iPad for all your summer reading!, Trailer for The Postcard Killers live now!  Check it out!, Postcard Killers "Book One" posted now!  (It's soooo good!!), Kiss the Girls was voted NPR's number three all-time best thriller!  Check out the entire list below and happy reading!, Happy Friday! Enter now to win one of ten advanced copies of THE POSTCARD KILLERS, on sale 8/16., The newest Daniel X is on sale NOW!  Read excerpts on JP.com., Win an iPad on JamesPatterson.com!, VOTE NOW!  Kiss the Girls is nominated as one of NPR's top 100 "Killer Thrillers.", OUT NOW! The Alien hunter is playing with fire...but who will get burned? Get a sneak peek here., New sweepstakes!  Enter to win the entire Daniel X series on JamesPatterson.com., Hey Parents!  Want to get your boys reading this summer?  "Book One" of all three Daniel X adventure novels is posted now.  Check it out!, James sets a new record as the first author to sell over one million ebooks!, James Patterson talks Private in the Wall Street Journal today.  Want to know where the series is going next?  Check out the article., Private, the first book in a brand new series from James, is in stores now!, James absolutely loved the new movie Winter's Bone., New movie review: Toy Story 3!, Ever had a question for me?  I answer ten from readers in the most recent Time Magazine., Extended trailer for Private posted now.  Don't forget, the book will be in-stores this Monday 6/28!, Enter to win a summer reading starter pack for your kids!, Saw Shrek The Final Chapter with Jack.  Review below., Maximum Ride Fans!  The official Facebook profile for Maximum Ride is right here:, Check out ReadKiddoRead, James's site that recommends books that kids will gobble up and then beg for more.  Free summer reading lists!, Private is a new series by James Patterson. The first book will be in-stores 6/28., Just saw the movie The Secret in Their Eyes.  Review Below., This Week's Sweepstakes: Enter for a chance to win one of five copies of Miracle on the 17th Green from JamesPatterson.com!, New movie reviews by James himself, posted now!, Check it out "Part One of Private" is posted now!  The full book releases June 28th!, Thought some of you might like this:, Here we go--tune in to NPR right now--they're
airing it at any second. 
http://www.npr.org/templates/story/story.php?storyId=120500589 Click
"listen" and then "continuous stream.", Listen to yours truly today on NPR's All Things Considered in about an hour and a half--they're airing it just past 4:30EST... http://www.npr.org/templates/story/story.php?storyId=120500589  Click the link  and hit 'recommend' to anyone out there who might enjoy!, Be sure to friend my website Read Kiddo Read on Facebook. The site lists the most gobble-worthy books for kids... and we give away a lot of free books., Some of my favorite kids' books, and why: http://www.theweek.com/article/index/99704/Best_books__chosen_by_James_Patterson, null, 6/29.... http://www.jamespatterson.com/im/books/lg-swimsuit.jpg, null)