List(The 2014 edition of the UAMB Drumline, Calvin Miller!, Good luck to our members who are a part of The University of Akron Steel Drum Band as perform their annual concert at EJ Thomas Hall at 8 pm with special guest Khan Cordice. If you can, you should definitely go to support our colleagues as they perform fun, smooth, and exciting music from pan legends like Len "Boogsie" Sharpe, to rock legend John Lennon. Have fun tonight guys!, Hey guys! This message is for those who are returning, former, and incoming members auditioning for the drumline. Every year the band hosts what we call Spirit Night, where those interested in the band can find out exactly what we do, and get excited to join for the upcoming season. This year the event is at 7 pm on the 5th floor of Infocision Stadium. The Blue & Gold Brass will also be there providing music all attending! Hope to see a great turn out! And remember, April 26th is the first round of auditions for the 2014 drumline. Go Zips!, Hello everyone! Hope you all are staying warm in this crazy spring we are having. We have some big news: The 2014 Drumline Audition Packet is now available! If you are interested in joining the 2014 addition of The University of Akron Drumline, or know someone who has expressed interest in join, please contact The University of Akron Bands via this website: http://www.uakron.edu/music/ensembles/bands/. You will receive all the audition materials you need to learn, and as well as the dates for the first and second round of auditions. Hope to see a great turn out at auditions this year, and as always, Go Zips!!, As Finals Week is about to begin, we would like to take this time to thank all of you for the support that you shared with us throughout the 2013 season! This year was a special year for us with not only ushering a new era for the band in terms of directors, but many of us became witnesses to the football team finally getting the breakthrough season that many of us have wanted for so long. Keep telling your friends to like us on Facebook, especially those who have any interest of join the drumline for the 2014 season. We will be posting all the audition information on here when the time comes. Again, thank everyone! Keep an eye out for any drumline performance in the next few months. Thanks everyone, and as always, GO ZIPS!!, Happy Thanksgiving everyone! We are thankful for all the support that you all have given us, and Ohio's Pride this season. Have a wonderful day!, ZIPS WIN! 14-13 against the minutemen of UMass! We still have one more game to go! All the drill is learned, and now we're preparing to help get the Zips win #5 against Toledo on Nov. 29th. Hope you guys will come out and see us, and always, GO ZIPS!, IT'S GAME DAY ZIPS FANS!!!! Today is huge because it's the Wagon Wheel Challenge between Akron and Kent State!! We everyone to come out and support us, the band, and the team as we go to take the Golden Flashes! Coleman Commons concert is at 2:15! See you there!!!!, Hey everyone! Sorry we've been really quiet with posts lately. Just wanted to say that we hope to see everyone at this week's home game against the Ball State Cardinals. The Zips finally picked up their 2nd win of the season against Miami(OH), so we all need to be there in full support to help the Zips pick up win #3. Continue to encourage your friends to like our page! Go Zips!, Just 25 more likes until we reach 300! Tell your friends to like our page! Go Zips!, Thank you to everyone who came out to support the band and drumline today, and to see the football team pick up their first win of the season!!! Next week we'll be at the Dover Band Show, and then our next home is on Sept. 21st! Thanks again everyone, and GO ZIPS!!, Alright everyone, today's the day!!! It's the 2013 home opener for the Akron Zips Football team, which also means the first performance of The University of Akron Marching Band!! Come see the Drumline and Marching Band give a special concert at Coleman Commons at 4:50 pm, followed by Pre-Game at about 5:47 pm. You do not want to miss the excitement of Pre-Game, and an awesome latin themed halftime show today!! Hope to see everyone come out and support us and the band, and as always, GO ZIPS!!!!, Congrats to Tyler Byrd and the White Sabers DCA Drum Corp for winning 1st place in this year's Class A Championships! Tyler is one of our two section leaders this year, and is also squad leader for the bass section. Congrats Tyler! (Tyler is the first person left of center in this picture.), Only 34 likes from 300. Like Us! Tell Your Friends!!!, We're just one week away from the Zips home opener against James Madison University! Over the first week of classes, the marching band and drumline worked hard learning drill and music for halftime, and also did some work to sharpen up Pre-game. Hope to see everyone next Saturday so we can show off all the hard work that we've done to give you guys a great show! Happy College Football Kickoff Weekend!, Good luck to The University of Akron Football team as they travel to Orlando to take on the UCF Knights! Bring home a "W" guys! GO ZIPS!!, What a fun night! Tonight's performance was a great way to cap off an amazing week of rehearsal. Keep a look out for the drumline and band rehearsing over the next 2 weeks for the first game of the 2013 season! Tell your friends to like us on Facebook to find out where the drumline will be performing over the next couple exciting months! See you September 7th!, null, Tonight's the night!! Come to Infocision Stadium tonight at 6 pm. The band will be performing the fight songs, cheers, rah-rah tunes, and the first official performance of Pre-Game! Bring a friend and come support us!, The 2013 University of Akron Marching Band Pre-season Camp is in the books! All that's left is a few more rehearsals, the band photos, and then the Marching Band Preview Show tomorrow night at Infocision Stadium! Be there at 6 o'clock pm to check out the drumline and marching band give their first performance of the season!, 2013 UA Drumline performing the Cadence during the first meeting of camp!, Band Camp 2013 is here! Day 1 is complete.  We are working on a Latin show including Carnaval, Conga, Black Magic Women, and a crowd favorite Malaga.  Go Zips!, null, http://www.gozips.com/sports/fball/2012-13/photos/0009/index

check out photo 53!, http://www.call811.com/

Ya dig?, First official rehearsal for the 2012 UA Drumline!, Part I for the Working Class Show has been sent. Check your email!, Parts for the first Halftime Show are coming soon! Can ya dig?, 2nd Round Auditions today!!!!!!!!!!, 1st Round of auditions went AMAZING!!! keep preparing for the second round on May 5th.  Check your email for more information., Tomorrow is the big day!  Auditions begin at 9 a.m. in room 09.  It is time to get our groove on again.  Can you dig it?, Be on the look out! Audition material to be sent out soon for the 2012 Season!!!, The University of Akron 2011 Drumline 11-12-11., The University of Akron 2011 Drumline photos, Happy New Year!!!, The University of Akron 2010 Drumline rehearsing the Opera Show and ending with a groove package that was used for halftime of a basketball game., The University of Akron 2011 Drumline plays through some of the 90's Pop show., What was your favorite show from the 2011 season?, Gospel and Soul show videos coming soon!, We are going old school!  Well, somewhat.  These are some clips from the 2009 drumline warming up on the Mo-town show of 2009., The University of Akron 2010 Drumline plays through the warm-up "Bucks", The University of Akron 2010 Drumline playing through the warm-up "Bucks", The University of Akron 2010 Drumline playing through the warm-up "Chicken and a roll", The University of Akron 2010 Drumline warming up, The University of Akron 2010 Drumline plays Malaga, The University of Akron 2010 Drumline plays Malaga, null, The University of Akron 2010 Drumline plays through the warm-up "Bucks", The University of Akron 2010 Drumline plays through the Cadence., The University of Akron 2010 Drumline plays through the warm-up "Chicken and a roll", The University of Akron 2010 Drumline plays through the warm-up "Dut-dut", The University of Akron 2010 Drumline playing through the warm-up "eights", The University of Akron 2010 Drumline plays through some grooves., The University of Akron 2010 Drumline plays through the "Latin" show., The University of Akron 2010 Indoor Drumline performs at halftime of the Zips Men's home basketball game., Highlights from the University of Akron Drumline performing for the October 22, 2011 game., Highlights from The University of Akron Drumline during Homecoming of 2011., Clips from the September 24, 2011 football game., The University of Akron Drumline plays through the 2011 cadence before their march to the stadium for the VMI vs. Zips football game., new videos from the 2011 season will be posted shortly!, Last game of the 2011-12 season.  We shall play the drums as one!, Before the night performance, BOA show today.  Drumline is ready to bring it... are you?, OMEA Show today! Hype it up Drumline!, null, Gameday! Lets Go Zips!, Go Zips!, The University of Akron performs the 2010 Cadence before the game and on the move to rehearsal., The University of Akron Drumline rehearsing Malaga from the Stan Kenton Show in 2010., null)