List(We're hosting our 2nd Pop up Dinner this Sunday, April 3rd. Chef will be featuring a Suckling Pig consisting of 5 courses w/ a Beer Pairing option. One Sitting at 6 pm Reservation Only. 

Our first Pop Up was a Sold Out Event and was a great success, you don't want to miss out on this one! 

Feel free to call Hops for any details & to book your reservation. 

See you Sunday !, We are back with Stump Trivia tonight! Escape the rainy day with some great food and drink. Game starts at 7 PM, and as usual, $50 gift card to the winning team!, Check us out on Boston Chefs for Menu Updates & Events!, null, Amazing 7 course dinner, from our first installment , in a series of Spring Pop Up Sunday's!!! Produced by our Executive Chef Brian Miller & Guest Chef Michael Sherman! Be on the look out for our next installment coming very soon! By the way, Executive Chef will be on the national TV show ' Beat Bobby Flay' airing early summer! Come enjoy his amazing food! ~ Team Hops, What a great night we had this past Sunday! Our first installment, in a series of Spring Collaboration Pop Ups! Our Executive Chef Brian Miller & guest Chef Michael Sherman absolutely tantalized our taste buds! Our next installment to follow soon, be on the look out . ~ Team Hops, Attention Hops Test kitchen Guests*
We will be closed tonight due to floor renovations, we apologize for any inconvenience this may have caused,
Sincerely,
Hops Management, Celebrate your Pi Day with some Stump Trivia Monday night at Hops N Scotch Cambridge! Game starts at 7 PM and we will be giving out $50 to the winning team!, Hops Test Kitchen get its sea legs today !

Introducing our newest addtion additions Hops Raw Bar.
Tonight we are offereing a variety of Oysters such as:

Katama Bar, MA
Riptude, Buzzards Bar, MA
Onset, Wareham,MA
Petite Wellfleet,MA
Belon, ME
Copper Beach, Mattapoisett,MA
Pemaquid,ME
Pleasant Bay,Cape Cod, MA
Wianno,Cape Cod, MA
Damariscotta,Glidden Point, ME

Come in tonight and taste what we have to offer, We are also hosting Stump Trivia from 7-9 tonight!

Cheers,
Hops Test Kitchen & Raw Bar, Plating Beef Tar Tar, Plating Vanilla Creme Brûlée, Recently Hops N Scotch Cambridge was featured on Chefs Table Instructional Cooking Series last month with Executive Chef Brian Miller. 

Next time you have friends over for dinner just open up the link and follow while Chef walks through technicalities of preparing a seared scallop dish, step by step.  

Thank you Chef Tables Series!

https://vimeo.com/155708350, Next Weeks Whiskey Wednseday Update!!

Glendalough Whiskey Master Tasting Event March 9th 7-9pm.

Once a month we host a Whiskey Master Event for our guests to have an opportunity to learn about our Scotch selection in depth with the distillers themselves.

When purchasing our featured Whiskey Flight you will recieve a complimentary Bar snack of your choice.

You can also find our upcoming events on The Boston Calendar.

A little Back ground on Glendalough Distillery:

The Glendalough Distillery was set up by five friends from Wicklow and Dublin with a deep passion for reviving the heritage of craft distilling in Ireland. In the 18th & 19th centuries there were over 200 licensed distilleries in Ireland and along with countless unlicensed ones produced diverse styles of poitín, whiskey, gin and even absinthe. Until recently that dropped to a small handful. Glendalough Distillery is now part of a revival of this heritage. The idea behind Glendalough Distillery is to make innovative spirits while staying true to the tradition and heritage of our ancestors. Initially we started with the first ever spirit, poitín and since then have moved to whiskey and most recently the release of our seasonal, wild botanical gins., Tonight we're  hosting a Single Cut brewery tap take over, 4 taps & A Single Cut tasting flight ! 

On Tap: 
Heavy boots of lead - imperial stout
Beljan Olympic white ale-witbier
Billy full-stack- double ipa 
Is this real life? - IPA

Come in for a pint and try a great beer from Astoria, queens, New York!, Come on by for Stump Trivia Monday night! I can't think of a better way to spend your Leap Day. We packed the place last week so be sure to get there early to not miss out on your chance to take home the $50 prize! Game starts at 7 PM!, It has been three weeks coming, but we are finally back with Stump Trivia! Game is at 7 PM and we will be giving away $50 to the winners! I think tonight's questions are pretty hard, so bring your "A" game along with your appetite!, Trivia Tonight!, Repairs are finally done, Come in tonight and receive 10%  off your meal tonight !!, Status Update on Maintenance repairs,

 We had expectations to open Thursday 2.18 but at this point today we will not being opening for service. We will be open tomorrow for full dinner & bar service. Once again we apologize for any and all inconveniences this has caused  this week. Hope to see you all Friday night. 

Sincerely,
Hops N Scotch Management, null, Stop in to Hops tonight and try our House Made Sweet Potato Agnolotti w/ kale sprouts &  yellow foot, pair your dinner with a choice of  craft beers on tap along with our selection of 100 varities of Whiskey. We will be offering 10% off your meal tonight to show our appreciation of the support from our guests. 

Cheers,
Hops N Scotch, Introducing one of our new menu items!
 Chicken Roulade w/ endive, tangerine, cranberry & pistachio. 

One of many favorites that we have at HopsNScotch Cambridge along with a selection of 40 craft beers on tap and a variety of over 100 scotch & bourbon whiskies.  

See you soon !, All we're closed again Tuesday 2\16 due to ice damage from this past weekend. Hoping to open Thursday 2\18, All we are closed Monday - Wednesday 2/15-2/17 due to ice damage from this weekends extreme cold., null, Photos of new dishes !, Make your Valentine's Day reservations now!, New Menu! Chef Brian Miller, Clockwise from Top Left: Seared Rohan Duck, House Made Broccoli Fettucini, Pork Belly w Yogurt Vadouvan Curry, Braised Short Rib w/ wild rice mustard jus, Chicken Roulade w/ endive tangerine cranberry pistachios ... #HopsTestKitchen, Chef Brian Miller's new Menu tonight !, Chef Brian Miller's era begins Thur 2/4 with an all new dinner menu!, We are back with Stump Trivia on Monday night at 7 PM! Winners take home a $50 gift card. Come in for a flight and some fun!, We are extremely excited & proud to announce that Executive Chef Brian Miller will be ready to launch his new daily menu starting next Thursday 2.4.16!, Dessert!, Today's Menu Chef Brian Miller, A Peek at Tomorrow's Test Kitchen Thursday menu!, Filming an episode of Chefs Table, null, New Menu items Test Kitchen Thursday with Chef Brian Miller, Welcome New Chef de cuisine, Brian Miller to the HNS family!, Welcome Chef de cuisine, Brian Miller to the HNS family
Today's Test Kitchen Menu

Small Bites
Deviled eggs, shallot, capers, fines herbes $5
Marinated olives, tarragon, grapefruit $5
Confit Potatoes, romesco, sage $5
Ocean
Smoked clam arancini, crème fraiche, chives $8
Pickled oysters, chorizo, olive oil, chervil $12
Fluke crudo, apple, celery root, puffed rice $10
Cured arctic char, charred leek, fennel, rye, meyer lemon $12
Scallops, miatake, salsify, parsley $18
Farm
Country terrine, pickled shallot, grilled bread $10
Potted Chicken liver, sauternes gelee, herbs, toast $10
Carrot soup, parsnips, brown butter $9
Broccoli cavatelli, parmesan, roasted garlic $15
Roasted Cauliflower, brown butter, capers, golden raisins $12
Sweet
Tangerine Semifreddo, pistachio, cardamom, white cake $6, For those of you who had the day off celebrating MLK Day, come keep the weekend going at Stump Trivia tonight at 7 PM! For the rest of us who had work, some fried pickles and trivia is a good way to make Mondays just a little bit better. $50 to the winners, but good food and drink for all!, Who wants $50?!?! You can have you chance at that great prize tonight at Stump Trivia. Game starts at 7 PM. All you have to is bring yourself, your appetite and thirst, and we will provide the rest!, We all know Mondays after a long weekend are the worst. How about we help you make it a little bit better with some Stump Trivia and the chance to win a $50 gift card? That sure sounds good to me! Game starts at 7 PM! Stick around after for half-priced food and drink specials!, What's better than Stump Trivia this Monday evening? How about getting 20% off food for Students, Medical Pros and First Responders! $50 gift card to the winners! Game starts at 7 PM tonight, and you can stick around for half-priced specials after trivia during Monday Night Football!, We are closed for brunch today but will be open at 3PM for dinner! We hope everyone had a happy holiday!, Burgers. Beer. Trivia. The Monday Trifecta. Stump Trivia game starts at 7 PM tonight! $50 prize to the winners! And if you are smart, you'll stick around after trivia for Industry Night featuring half-priced food and drink specials!, Can't find a better combo of Stump Trivia questions and cocktails! The game starts at 7 PM followed directly by #MondayNightFootball. Be sure to brush-up on your Meryl Streep (hint hint)... First place gets a $50 gift card!, Short rib taquitos and a beer sounds like a good idea :-), Stump Trivia and short ribs sound like a great way to round out your #CyberMonday. Trivia starts at 7 PM tonight, directly followed by Monday Night Football!, We hope everyone had a great Thanksgiving!! You might all be sick of eating by now but we have brunch flights!! Come on in :-), It's the night before Thanksgiving!! Who's coming in for some drinks?!, Just a friendly reminder that we will be taking tomorrow off from trivia, but have no fear, it will be back after the holiday on Monday, November 30th at the normal time of 7 PM. See you then!, Stuffed acorn squash is now on our menu!!, New menu item- roasted pork with cranberry-orange sauce, garlic mashed potatoes and seasonal veggies!, Got a case of the Mondays? I'm sure it is nothing a nice plate of Mahi Mahi and trivia couldn't fix. Trivia starts at 7 PM tonight followed by Monday night football! (Check the comments for your freebie question from tonight's list...), Shrimp and linguine!!!, Short ribs with mashed potatoes, gravy and seasonal veggies!!, Heads up everyone! We have trivia tonight at 7 PM followed directly by Monday Night Football. And to promote bike safety, any team with a member donning a helmet throughout the game tonight will get 2 bonus points! Stay tuned for a freebie questions as a comment to this post.., Fall cocktails! Hocus Pocus and Eternal sunshine!, Our Halloween contest winners!! Great costumes guys! Wayne and Garth, A classic Hops burger during trivia tonight?! Great combo :), I hope you all are over your Halloween Hangovers in time to join us for #trivia (with prizes!) tonight at 7 PM, which will be followed by #MondayNightFootball with the Colts taking on the Panthers.

And to entice you here is a freebie question from tonight's trivia set: What is the home state of former Senator and Vice President Walter Mondale? It was the only state he carried in the 1984 US Presidential Election., Our Halloween party is tonight at 9PM!! Don't miss the costume contest, drink specials, spooky treats, music and prices!! HAPPY HALLOWEEN!!🎃, Serving up some creepy shots and spooky treats at our Halloween party Saturday!!!, Hops Cambridge Halloween party Saturday night!! Costume contest, prizes, drink specials and complementary spooky dishes!!, Tonight we have our doubleheader of Stump Trivia at 7 PM followed immediately by the Ravens taking on the Cardinals on #MondayNightFootball!, Brunch time!! Our Maryland crab cake Benedict!, Come in for a fall cocktail, pumpkin beer or pumpkin cider!!, Taco Tuesday!!!, null, Having a fun Saturday night!!, What's everyone having for brunch?!?, null, Don't forget about Taco Tuesday night!! See you all there :), Don't forget about Stump Trivia tonight at 7 PM followed directly by #MondayNightFootball! 

P.S. It may help in trivia if you know the rock and roll band that produced the hits “Smoke on the Water” and “Hush.”, Football specials tonight!!!, It's Monday night, so that means it is #Trivia and #Football night! We'll have Stump Trivia starting at 7 PM and stick around to catch the Lions take on the Seahawks on Monday Night Football!, Huge success today! We're so glad you enjoyed!, Today's #SmokeThisRibFest in Cambridge!!! Whose coming to try our ribs?!, Where are you brunching this weekend? We now offer brunch flights: Bloody Mary, Downeast cider, mimosa & a Thai basil margarita!! Make a reservation now ;), Our flourless  chocolate cake!! And it's gluten free :), It's Taco Tuesday!!!, It's Monday, so that means we have a doubleheader with #trivia starting at 7 PM, followed directly by Monday Night Football where the Chiefs will take on Packers, so come on down!, One of our healthy options!Grilled mahi-mahi, Caribbean mango sauce, coconut rice, seasonal veggies, topped with pineapple mango salsa! Don't forget we also have football specials tonight! See you all there :), Deep dark chocolate brownie! 🙌, Taco Tuesday is here and we have delicious margaritas!! The orange cinnamon one is perfect for this Fall weather!, Tonight we have Stump Trivia and Monday night football specials!!, We have a great doubleheader in store for you tonight! There will be trivia starting at 7 PM, and then you can stick around to catch the Colts and the Jets playing on Monday Night Football! Also, be on the lookout for a free giveaway question later this afternoon..., Today is National Cheeseburger Day!! Come in and try our new burgers!, Football specials tonight!! A flat bread pizza and a beer for $6! You can't beat that :), TACO TUESDAY IS HERE! We're offering gluten free and vegetarian tacos, something for everybody! Don't miss out :), Monday's aren't fun but they are at Hops! We have Stump Trivia starting at 7PM, followed by Monday night football specials! Beers, flat bread pizzas & wings!! See you all there :), Football specials starting at noon!!, Save room for dessert! We have bourbon vanilla cheesecake!!, Beer & flat bread pizza specials for the game!! Come on in :), We're excited for tonight! Come in and watch the game, we have specials on beer, pizza and wings!! #PatriotsNation, Where will you be watching the Patriots game tomorrow?! We will have specials on beers, wings and flat bread pizzas!Come in early to get your seat at the bar! GO PATS!!, It's that time again!! Taco Tuesday is here, let the feast begin! 5 different tacos and margaritas!, What's better than trivia to top off your #LaborDay Weekend? How about trivia with double prizes! The game starts at 7 PM tonight, and I'll even give you a question for free!

What two artists collaborated on the song “Promiscuous,” which topped the Billboard Hot 100 for six weeks in 2006?

https://www.facebook.com/events/1640428736171092/, Stone Tap Takeover at 7!! See you all there! Cheers, Before you all take off for the long weekend, remember that we'll have trivia on Labor Day (Monday) starting at 7 PM with double prizes! Here's a sample question as a quick taste: 

What disinfectant, currently a brand of the Reckitt Benckiser Group plc, was first introduced in 1889 to help end a cholera epidemic?, Thank god it's Friday & a long weekend! 😃 We have some fun events this weekend! Tomorrow is our Stone tap takeover from 7-10. We will have new taps, drink specials and horderves! See you all there, Tonight, tomorrow & Saturday we serve our full dinner menu till midnight!!, Our scotch eggs!!, TACO TUESDAY IS HERE! 5 different tacos & 5 different margaritas!!, null, null, Stuffed mushroom burger!, null, One of our new menu items! California burger topped with avocado, cheddar, bacon and avocado ranch dressing!, We know you're hungry and brunch starts at 11!! Come on in!, Tonight's specials are our new 50/50 Hops Burger: Half ground angus beef, half ground smoked bacon, Monterey Jack cheese, topped with an onion ring and served with steak fries! Also offering a Mahi-Mahi with coconut rice and vegetables, topped with a pineapple mango salsa & a mango glaze!, The tacos last night were a big hit! We hope to see everyone again next week!! 😃, Taco Tuesday!! Come on in!, Taco Tuesday tomorrow!! 5-10, Join us tomorrow for our first Taco Tuesday!! Check out the menu below :), Wake up! Brunch starts all 11 and we have Nutella & banana stuffed French toast on our menu :), Last night was a great success! Thanks to everyone who came out!, Serving up some Hops favorites at the Inman Square movie night!, null, null, null, Join us, Always free parking in the rear of building., null, null, NOW at Hops N Scotch Inman Square, beer and whiskey flights! 

We are featuring the Hometown Heroes beer flight showcasing all beers brewed in Massachusetts including, Brewmaster Jack Czech Pilsner, Wormtown Be Hoppy IPA, Newburyport Plum Island, and Pretty things Baby Tree.

Our scotch flight is the Classics Collection including one scotch from four different regions of Scotland. From Speyside, Balvenie 12yr, Laphroig 10yr from Islay, Glenmorangie 10yr from the Highlands and from the Islands, Taliaker 10yr

Come on in and enjoy one as the sunshine pours in!!, null, Come down and try our Not Your Father's Rootbeer Float! Not Your Father's Rootbeer, topped with vanilla ice cream, Bailey's infused whipped cream, and finished with a drizzle of coffee and chocolate stout syrup. The perfect icy treat for the sticky end of summer! 🍦🍺☀️, null, Come in tonight for the game and support your team with tacos, Jamaican or Mexican. Two tacos, two beers for  12! Limit one per costumer  #jerkchicken #tacos #tacolove #jamaica #mexico #corona #redstripe #glutenfreeboston #goodeats, null, null, Our very first Trivia, join us every Monday
 7pm - 9pm, null, Introducing E gift cards, following this link 

https://www.toasttab.com/hops-n-scotch-2/giftcards, $8.Flying out of the kitchen tonight will be a Duck confit taco sprinkled with goat cheese and plum grapefruit salsa!
paired with Cocktail/ Raspberry Shandy: Grapefruit vodka with a raspberry Berliner Beer And tonic Water., null, Hump day Special  
Crab cake Slider
Cole slaw, tomato Remoulade Sauce
Including fries $8.
With your choice of Signature cocktail:
Ward 8, Pimm’s Cup, HnS Shandy, Rock
The Casbah, Vieux Carre, Knickerbocker, Something Delicious, Grapefruit Gimlet, Negroni Spagliato
                      At the Bar only, null, Go USA, 4-0 USA still time to come in., Yummy, Come watch the USA Women's Soccer Team WIN the World Cup tonight 
Soccer special $5 Sausage and Peppers with fries and your choice of one beer. (Corona , Corona light , Narragansett, Miller High Life. Starting 6pm tonight night, Happy 4th of July 
Red velvet pancakes 
Brunch Sat - Sun, Now serving dinner @4pm (Full Menu) Thursdays , Fridays , Saturdays , Sundays., Start your week of right, we are now open on Monday's. Early Bird special , over 4 appetizers only $5 @ the bar only  4pm - 7pm, Fried calamari $8 special tonight
Follow us on twitter@hopscambridge, Hops n Scotch Cambridge and Brookline employee party , greatest staff in the world, New to Cambridge menu
Mussels from Brussels,you can also follow us on Twitter @hopscambridge, Gluten free whoopie pies! From Hops in Cambridge, Tuesday Special
Shrimp Cocktail
With A
(Cucumbers Mignonette Sauce)
Cucumbers, Shallot’s in a Rice Vinegar
$9.00  follow us on Twitter @hopscambridge, Follow us on Twitter @hopscambridge, New to the menu in Cambridge 
Sgt peppers lonely heart $11
Follow us on Twitter @hopscambridge, Coming soon, Sgt. peppers Lonely Heart 
Red pepper stuffed with rice cherry tomatoes , black beans topped with a sour cream dill. Follow us on Twitter @hopscambridge., null, My line up has the usual suspects. Follow us on Twitter @hopscambridge, Gluten Free cheddar cheese burger , sour cream and guacamole. Follow us on Twitter @hopscambridge, Pesto Pork belly sliders, served with arugula and goat cheese spread and home made French Fries. $6. Follow us on Twitter @hopscambridge, null, Follow us on Twitter @hopscambridge, New to our Inman Sq menu , Maine lobster served on a pretzel roll with cole slaw and hand cut French fries. Follow also on Twitter @hopscambridge  or you can also follow Brookline Hops N Scotch, Tonight Special $12
Lamb t bones With garlic red bliss potatoes and sweet corn purée., Pineapple sorbet., French toast and fruit cup., null, Wild Swordfish, New to our menu, Wild Swordfish with garlic potato wedges and broccoli,grilled summer squash and zucchini, Tonight special 
$8.00 Black & white Clam Casino., We will start taking reservations, as of May 28, Hops Cambridge would like to congratulate @Josh A Fogarty on graduating Law school., Come cool off with our 
Rainbow sangria 

I really don't drink wine but this looks really refreshing., Special of the day
$5 Honey BBQ Wings, Fried Pickles, Hazelnut Ganache, null, Special of the day swordfish and steak tips., Charcuterie plate., Tonight's special : Sword Fish & Steak tips skewers and  grilled summer squash $11, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null)