List(We are finally ready to make multi-grain waffles and mimosas at home.stead this morning!, null, Check out this slide show of our first week...
Thanks Janice Checchio for the awesome photos!, Dear Friends, please kindly note that we have revised our hours slightly. The new operating hours are as follows:

Mon - Fri: 7am - 4pm
Sat & Sun: 8 am - 4pm

Our kitchen closes at 3:30pm every day while coffee remains available till 4pm. 

We are working on evening programs and will extend our operating hours into the evenings in a few weeks. Hopefully we will have received approval for our live entertainment license by then.

Thank you all for a very welcoming first week and for your patience as we find our bearings., Jack will be serving limited drinks tonight until 7:30pm (wine, brandy, boubon, etc.).  Stop by for some pie, coffee, and/or drinks., We are open and hopping!  Thanks everyone for coming in., Home.stead bakery & cafe will open for business this Monday, March 7th at 6:30am!  We passed our inspections with flying colors and could not be more proud of our great team.  

See you soon everyone.  Please be gentle with us as we get started, tell your friends, and enjoy!, coming soon..., Fingers crossed for our fire inspection tomorrow.  If all goes well, we hope to open next Monday!, Home.stead cafe is now taking donations of children's books and coloring books (to keep the kiddos happy while parents come to relax).  Feel free to drop them off at the cafe or email Elisa (samba_goods@yahoo.com).  We're pretty much there all of the time now, practicing recipes, etc.  Thanks!, Thanks Lou & Rose for sharing your gorgeous voices with us during our thank you party for our biggest donors., null, less than two weeks from opening our doors...fingers crossed., and there was light at home.stead, We can learn from this kid.  Hang in there folks; the walls are getting painted., home.stead now has an 11' ceiling and the 8" molding is painted., help us name this sandwich for home.stead (and win a free sandwich of your choice if I choose your witty title):

Smoked salmon, cream cheese, cucumber, avocado, cilantro, sriracha mayo on toast

names of other sandwiches so far: Charlotte's Web, Little chickpea, Burning Love, Taj Mahal, Old Man and the Sea., we just passed the rough inspection…woooo hoooo!!!!!
Thanks to our great GC, Vivian!, Local friends, lovers of craft, artists, good coffee, and good vibes...you are invited to this marketplace on Sunday, Nov. 15th, from 11-5pm at the Boston Winery.  For free tickets, use coupon code HOMESTEAD when you register. Homestead bakery & cafe will have a table, free cracker samples, and our very own barista making cappuccinos.  See you there., null)