List(White's Farm Salami is sampling! Come grab some incredible and local salami!, null, Share the Rozzie pride - come and get one of our awesome new Farmers Market bags!, The amazing ash ripened goat cheese, Lake's Edge from Blue Ledge farms in Vermont arrived today. As usual, a small 1.5 lb wheel is all we're able to get from this small farm. But it's breathtakingly delicate and flavorful.

Come quickly to get some..., Grabbing a Flat Black cold brew? Get a coffee and let us stamp your card!, Water Buffalo mozzarella returns: made in Italy on Tuesday, in the shop now - while it lasts! If you've never tasted the original, it has to be tried to be believed., Please note that we will be closed on Easter Sunday, 27th April., null, null, New arrival today for Spring at Boston Cheese Cellar: caprino fiorito - fresh goat's cheese straight from Italy, covered in beautiful edible flowers., It's that time again - stop by the shop for some incredible Flat Black cold brew coffee. Grown in Costa Rica. Roasted in Dorchester. Brewed in Roslindale., Ready for St. Patricks Day? Shop by Boston Cheese Cellar for some truly great Irish cheese; the farmstead Durrus (sticky, stinky!), Irish Vintage Cheddar (creamy, slightly sharp), Cashel Blue (creamy & delicious!) and Cahill Porter (Guinness in Cheese!)., Mozzarella di buffala, fresh from Italy. It's come straight from the cheese maker to Boston Cheese Cellar. Come get it while you can!, Come to our in shop event tonight to find out what is going on here! Microbes make the cheese!, null, Choices, choices... a wide selection of the wonderful Miyoko's Kitchen Vegan cheese & butter, here at Boston Cheese Cellar. Grab one while they last!, Two new arrivals in the shop - the ever popular Lake's Edge and the new, Golden Cenarth from Wales. Both absolutely stunning!, This Thursday 25 Feb, 6 pm - 8 pm, come and join us for a tasting of some great Welsh Cheese, with free wine, hors d'oeuvres and a 10% event discount!

The cheeses are: Perl Las, a new shop favorite Blue, creamy & salty; Caerphilly, the classic fresh, creamy taste; Welsh Cheddar, 16 month aged giving a host of flavor without being overwhelmingly sharp; Red Dragon, a cheddar made with mustard seeds an brown ale; Harlech, a cheddar with an extra bite from horseradish and parsley.

And did we say free wine? 

Tickets only $20 and are found here: 

https://www.eventbrite.com/e/st-davids-day-cheese-of-wales-tickets-21353103708, Dark Chocolate Raspberry goat cheese hearts.... spread this little beauty on a bagel on Sunday morning. Grab one before they're all gone!, The web site got a well deserved polish - check it out!
http://bostoncheesecellar.com, In case you missed the news yesterday - the FDA will be rethinking its approach to monitoring raw milk cheese safety. Good news for raw milk cheese makers!, Today's menu include: delicious salami, semi-dry tomato, provolone, and kalamata spread sandwich; as well as a juicy turkey, mortadella and spicy muffuletta roll., Screw shoveling Roslindale! Drop by to pick up one of our hot turkey, emmenthal and cornichons panini!, Some great  arrivals today, including Miyoko's Kitchen European Vegan Style butter, and a stunning Mahon from Minorca, Spain., null, Try some of our new dairy arrivals: Artisan Sheep Bellwether Farms farm Yogurt, Coach Farm Yo-Goat Milk and Sidehill Farm Yogurt from cow's milk. Pro-biotic, tasty and fantastic! And right here in Roslindale, Massachusetts Village!, Filling, spicy, delicious: try our Turkey, Mortadella, Muffuletta and Pecorino roll today. Perfect lunch, or save until dinner - it's up to you!, Roman Artichokes, Prosciutto di Parma, fresh greens, Pecorino Romano and a drizzle of Olive Oil. It's Friday, so grab one quickly before they're all gone!, null, null, In case you needed reassuring, the addition of shrimp powder to Appenzeller has been scientifically proven _not_ to affect its quality. 


http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/m/pubmed/26761833/, Don't let the rain get you down- stop by today for some amazing sandwiches, including Wozz! kitchen creations Triple Ale Chutney, ham & Sharp English cheddar; Muffuletta, Turkey, Mortadella & pecorino; and fresh mozzarella and semi-dry tomato.

Come say hi!, Back again from our January Recess, Boston Cheese Cellar will be open tomorrow at 11 am!, Please note our updated Holiday Hours... we will be open the weekend after Christmas day., Today we finally received full bottles to be used for our bulk balsamic vinegar. And it is very special.

From Due Vittorie Aceto Balsamico di Modena IGP, it is their 8 year Oro balsamic. Smooth, dense, slightly sweet, and not acidic. We have a sampler in the shop for you to try.

It's the real deal.

The bottles are here now to buy, and the fusti arrives in January, and we will begin refils then.

http://www.duevittorie.com/the-balsamic-vinegar-par-excellence/, It's Wozz! kitchen creations Wednesday today at Boston  Cheese Cellar. Triple ale onion dressing, sharp English cheddar and moist juicy Italian ham sandwich. Get one before they're all gone!, Please note our holiday hours!, Boston Cheese Cellar open for business, at Brookline Winter Farmer's Market, Turkey, mortadella, muffaletta, pecorino roll.  Come and get one!, Water Buffalo brie is back... Come and get some while it lasts., Following on from the FDA's recent thoughts on Raw Milk cheese, I thought this is enlightening. Where do the majority of foodbourne illnesses come from? Fresh produce. Remember to wash your greens, folks!

https://www.cspinet.org/new/201512031.html, Join us on Thursday as we are open late, until 8 pm, and will be one of the stops for the Pop-Up Opera, organized by Tony's Market Roslindale. The acoustics in the shop are really quite excellent, btw..., Eversource are working in Roslindale Village from midnight tonight through Tuesday morning. The power to Boston Cheese Cellar (and other businesses in the area, such as Sophia's) is due to be cut and then to return by the latest at noon, but potentially before that.

Please be aware - we won't open unless we have power!

Do call or email the shop to check our status.

This is also the third time this event has been scheduled, and each of the previous occasions, they re-scheduled without cutting power.... so stay tuned.

Thanks for your patience!, We're at the Brookline Winter Farmer's Market today. Go grab some delicious cheese!, It's a beautiful day for a stroll in Roslindale, so grab a fresh Italian ham, English cheddar and American apple sandwich from Boston Cheese Cellar., Come find your new favourite Miyoko's Kitchen Vegan cheese flavour, Herbes de Provence, at Boston Cheese Cellar today! #Veganism, It's the Holiday Wander in Roslindale tonight! Come and take advantage of our late closing hour: at 8 pm. See you there!, Gruyere is the World Cheese Champion, 2015., Love Cheese? Love the wide variety of cheese that exists? The FDA, in a good-willed attempt to protect the public, wants to introduced stricter guidelines for bacterial count within cheese. 

This will essentially cripple the Raw Milk artisanal cheese industry in the US, as raw milk contains a high count of endogenous bacteria from the milk and environment. It is these bacteria which contribute to the depth of taste in raw milk.

First, please read this article http://static1.squarespace.com/static/559e9f9ce4b0637f4f7d38d1/t/55a56f89e4b00f1fdc990892/1436905353796/Hot+Topic+-+Raw+Milk+Cheese+%282014%29.pdf

Second, please sign the petition to have your voice heard and your vote counted.
https://www.change.org/p/peter-welch-bernie-sanders-patrick-leahy-ask-the-fda-to-protect-raw-milk-cheese

Of course, I will always be happy to discuss these issues in the shop, so drop by for a chat!

Thanks to Oldways Cheese Coalition and Marie-Laure from Couët Farm & Fromagerie for pointing me to the petition., Our hours for this holiday week are:

Tuesday 11 - 7 pm
Wednesday 11 - 8 pm
Thursday & Friday Closed.
Saturday 10 - 7 pm
Sunday 12 -5 pm.

Happy Thanksgiving!, This Saturday come and meet Big Picture Farm from Vermont - the makers of fabulous Award Winning Goat Milk Caramels and beautiful aged goat cheese: The Sonnet., Looking for an easy course for Thanksgiving? Pre-order a cheese or deli meat platter from Boston Cheese Cellar! Email or call us now - all orders must be in before Monday! 

http://www.bostoncheesecellar.com/Graphics/PDFs/thanksgiving%20platters.pdf, Are you feeling cold? Warm up with the best panini in the village: Serrano ham, grilled peppers and 1 year Manchego.

Oh my., Some Seasonal Miyoko's Kitchen flavours arrived today!, Ready for the panini press: Taleggio, Speck and Balsamic. Warm up at Boston Cheese Cellar today!, This Saturday Boston Cheese Cellar is hosting the only Massachusetts cheese maker who uses sheep milk: Marie-Laure from Couët Farm & Fromagerie in Dudley, MA. Marie-Laure will be talking about and sampling her aged sheep cheese - Evelina - as well as her fresh cow’s cheese - Adelisca. Sheep cheese manufacture is a young industry in the US, and even younger in Massachusetts, so please come and help us support Marie-Laure's nascent venture and help make Massachusetts cheese great again!, Stunning ceramics and pottery in the shop as part of Roslindale Open Studios. We're set up and open at 10 am!, This Saturday & Sunday, we're hosting Ana Noordzij and Jennifer Crowe, who will be displaying their pottery in the shop as part of Roslindale Open Studios. Drop by and see their wonderful talents., We're thrilled to host Apotheker's Chocolate. From 11 am this Saturday 31st October they will be in the shop sampling their Honey sweetened chocolates and Mallows. Stock up for Adult Halloween!, This Saturday 24th October 10.30 am, Fixx Chocolates, from Malden will be in the shop, sampling their beautiful and unique chocolates.

Stop by and see what you've been missing!, This week's Newsletter - come and try the Moliterno Truffle cheese!

http://us10.campaign-archive2.com/?u=86440ce8a13decd63f1353501&id=441796f42c&e=[UNIQID], Honey is here! Come and discover our most local producer, Kendra., A picture of words is worth 1000 words?, This week's email newsletter can be found here: http://us10.campaign-archive2.com/?u=86440ce8a13decd63f1353501&id=55a5977340&e=f4ec5b73dd, Friday between 4 & 7 pm, Kendra of Backyard Buzzness will be in the shop to sample and talk about her Roslindale Honey.

Honey from the local environment has been suggested to improve allergies, due to the incorporation of local allergens in the honey. We are the only shop with Kendra's honey, and there is only a limited supply - so stop by the shop from Friday onwards, and grab your supply until next September!, Raw Milk Cheese needs your input! Please complete the short survey at this link, https://www.surveymonkey.com/r/8RZXKN5 which is being conducted by the Oldways Cheese Coalition. 

Tell the FDA what you think!, null, null, null, null, Thanks to Ayala from Taza for a splendid & delicious sampling of their stoneground chocolate yesterday., Don't forget Saturday 10th Oct from 10.30, Taza Chocolate is at Boston Cheese Cellar sampling their stoneground chocolate. Did I say free samples of chocolate?, Cheddar & Cider? Stop by The Haven JP to dive into some tastings - tonight!, Reloading today with wonderful vegan cheese from Miyoko's Kitchen, This week's Newsletter can be found here: http://us10.campaign-archive1.com/?u=86440ce8a13decd63f1353501&id=805ac057a3&e=[UNIQID], Try this Serrano Ham, peppers and Manchego grilled sandwich today, and get a free Cold Brew!, null, Come to Boston Cheese Cellar right now to try some amazing Blueberry based jams with Bleuberet, An interesting article about evolution and selection in action - all through the molds and fungi in cheese., null, Get to Boston Cheese Cellar right now to try and hear about Mozzarella!, null, null, null, This Saturday from 10.30 to 2 pm come and meet the owner of, and sample mozzarella from Mozzarella House, the best mozzarella in Boston. He is also president of the MA Cheese Guild, and so a good time to learn about Massachusetts Cheese, and the upcoming  MA Cheese Gala (of which Boston Cheese Cellar is a sponsor!), Come and find the Holy Trinity: Melinda Mae, Melville, and Sea Change. All from our awesome friends at The Mystic Cheese Company. They're in the shop while they last!, We'll definitely see Effie's Homemade for pairing advice again this year! Stay tuned!, The Mystic Cheese Company's melty Melville, Italian Ham, and balsamic onions - ready for the panini press on this grey day! Come get it Boston!, Come try some cheese and Effie's Homemade  Biscuits!, right now at Boston cheese cellar, This week's email Newsletter is online!

http://us10.campaign-archive2.com/?u=86440ce8a13decd63f1353501&id=2420bd0ea9&e=[UNIQID], An Northern Italian Classic today - Speck and super-melty Taleggio. Ready for us to pop it in a panini press just for you!, We are sampling today! Allez Les Bleus! Drop by!, Effie's Homemade biscuits will be in Boston Cheese Cellar on Saturday, from 10.30. Come and sample their delicious biscuits, and try some cheese pairings!, Thanks to Brian from The Mystic Cheese Company for stopping Boston Cheese Cellar by and getting Roslindale, Massachusetts hooked on Melville, Melinda Mae, and Sea Change!, Brian from The Mystic Cheese Company is in the house - along with a grilled cheese sandwich made in his honor!, Stop by the shop tomorrow to grab a special sandwich honoring our awesome guests, The Mystic Cheese Company!, null, null, Our latest newsletter can be found here: http://us10.campaign-archive1.com/?u=86440ce8a13decd63f1353501&id=97edf3a0c9&e=[UNIQID], null, Thanks to Wozz! kitchen creations for entertaining and illuminating the shop today with his wonderful Kitchen Creations. Stop by to try some scintillating marinades, finishing vinegars, jams and chutneys!, Get to the shop early tomorrow to grab a special Sandwich honoring our guest, Wozz! kitchen creations - Ham, Cheddar & his Triple Ale chutney. Yum!, It's still Summer! So drop in for one of these fresh individual Goat Cheese from France, Petit Billy. Delicious!, Freshly made imported Prosciutto and balsamic cipollini onions, on a bed of baby lettuce... Or maybe Italian ham with Gorgonzola...

It's hard to chose what to grab for lunch today!, Which sandwich today...? Prosciutto and artichoke hearts with Pecorino Sardo; or Italian Ham with Emmental and cornichons; or maybe our famous Fresh bocconcini Mozzarella and Italian semi-dry tomatoes?

Choices, choices!, Now you can pick up loaves of Gluten Free bread from Boston Cheese Cellar, made in Woburn MA by Something Sweet Without Wheat. 

Herb and plain loaves available, and more to come., null, This Saturday 29th August, come to Boston Cheese Cellar to sample and to meet the maker of these fabulous, SOFI Award winning spreads, chutneys, marinades and finishing vinegars: Wozz of Wozz! kitchen creations. 

Once you try them you'll be hooked (like us!). 

See you from 11 am this Saturday!, Prosciutto, Fig and Auricchio Provolone; along with Turkey, Smoked Gouda and Apples; and Fresh Bocconcini Mozzarella and semi-dry tomatoes. Grab one before they're all gone..., Love Apples? So do we and do we have something special in the shop: Carr's Ciderhouse syrups & vinegar. 
Cider Syrup, which is like Maple Syrup but made from apples, and enhances pancakes, vegetables, meats, and pairs with cheddar; Cider Vinegar, a tangy dressing for your salads (with goat cheese); and Switchel Syrup, which is Cider Syrup plus ginger and makes an incredibly refreshing summer drink (think a step beyond regular ginger beer)., Easy, tasty, healthy.

Stop by Boston Cheese Cellar to pick up Wozz! kitchen creations Chermoula & Tunisian Couscous to make this dish yourself. 

I also love to throw in some chopped, pitted dates (because I have a sweet tooth) - and we have those too!, Our fresh Sandwiches today feature two fantastic, tasty condiments - Maple Whole Grain Green Mountain Mustard & Pear and Ginger dressing from Wozz! kitchen creations. 

Try them out!, Our latest newsletter can be read right here!  http://ow.ly/R7Q1O

Featuring:
Ardrahan - the strongest cheese we've had in the shop.
Heirloom beans & legumes - now stocked.
Apotheker's Chocolate - hand-crafted, honey sweetened Dorchester-based chocolate.
Spices - liven up your cooking with some beautifully hand blended spice selections.
La Tur Salad - creamy can look healthy., We're very happy to now carry Something Sweet Without Wheat Gluten & Dairy Free bread. Currently the white and herb sandwich half-loaves, but this is just the beginning..., Ham, Prairie Breeze Cheddar and balsamic cipollini onions - ploughman's lunch in a sandwich!, Thank you to all who came to our event last night. We hope you enjoyed the cheese, the music, the wine and the company.

Keep your eyes open for details of the next event!, This week's Newsletter can be found here:
http://eepurl.com/bvNg3r, A beautiful idea for you - keep a list of all your cheeses, together with tasting notes? That will be 33 Pieces of Cheese books., Sandwiches! Prosciutto and fig; Ham, salami and cornichons; Ham and Prairie Breeze Cheddar. 

Just made, so come and get one!, Classic Italy. Caciocavallo Silano. In the shop today., Cold brew from FlatBlack Coffee - Company at the Boston Cheese Cellar. Perfect to keep cool today. And grab a Ham and Red Dragon cheese (Ale & Mustard) sandwich too!, Some beautiful looking molds for P'tit Basque and a pyramid goat cheese, at the American Cheese Society conference, Day One of the American Cheese Society meeting ends with the biggest cheese tasting session you could imagine!, One of my favorite sandwiches for you today, Artichoke, Prosciutto, and Pecorino Sardo., Cheese of all shapes and sizes, here at the American Cheese Society Conference., null, Today's sandwiches: Italian organic Grilled peppers and Vermont goat cheese. And Italian ham, salami d'Emilia, cornichons and Caico di Roma. 

Come and test your tastebuds!, Come by today to say 'Hello' to the amazing Snowdrop from Haystack Mountain Goat Cheese. Creamy, grassy and ready to run all over your plate!, Ham and Red Dragon cheese on the menu today!, We're so happy that Wozz! kitchen creations is getting the recognition he deserves! Come in to Boston Cheese Cellar and pick up some of amazing relishes and sauces!, We're so very thrilled to have expanded our line of wonderful Miyoko's Kitchen vegan cheeses. Now we carry: Aged English Sharp Farmhouse, Aged English Smoked Farmhouse, Classic Double Cream & Chive, Double Cream Sundried Tomato, Mt Vesuvius As, and High Sierra Rustic Alpine.

Isn't it about time you came by and tried some?, null, null, From this week's newsletter:
Two upcoming events. 
- Thursday 6th August, 5-7pm, with our friends and neighbors Solera, A Shrine to Wine, and Pretty Things Beer & Ale Project, there will be a Beer and Cheese sampling/pairing session.
- Thursday 13th August, 6-8 pm, we will have another closed door, ticket only in house event to celebrate the 50th Anniversary of the Beatles playing Shea Stadium. As before, there will be cheese sampling, specials and free wine & hors d'oeuvre. More details to follow., From this week's newsletter
Featured Cheese: Appleby's Cheshire 
Classic, Crumbly, Complex
The Roman invasion of Great Britain began in AD 43, and even at this time, a cheese existed in the northwest of the country. This cheese was Cheshire (pron: Che-shur) making Cheshire the oldest named cheese in the UK, older than Stilton, Cheddar and Red Leicester.

Appleby's raw cow milk Cheshire is the finest example of Cheshire today, made by the third generation of the Appleby family on the same farm since the 1950s. The farm survived the purge of traditional British cheesemakers in the UK after World War II, by finding trade through Neal's Yard Dairy in London. 

Rich in history and rich in taste, Appleby's Cheshire is unique - moist, meaty, crumbly complex and even a bit peppery. It pairs perfectly with a British ale, like Fuller's London Pride, or even a good Belgian Saison.

Come into the shop, to try some and take some home., We have lunch covered for you today..., Two great reasons to stop by today: Flat Black Costa Rican Cold brew is being sampled and sold; and Prosciutto, Artichoke and Pecorino Sardo sandwiches… see you soon!, Today's sandwiches: Salame & provolone ciabatta, Gorgonzola and Prosciutto Cotto, and Ham and chutney. Lovely!, This Saturday 18th July, we will be launching cold brew coffee within Boston Cheese Cellar. Using beans from FlatBlack Coffee - Company, the amazing coffee roaster based in Dorchester, the coffee will be brewed, in the cold (41F/5C) for over 12 hours. 

This gives the coffee a depth of flavor that is hard to achieve in hot-brewed coffee. 

Stop by and try some!, Tunworth is a rareity -  a British soft cheese in the style of a Camembert. Not only that, but it rivals the best Camembert from Normandy. 

It has a buttery, slightly sweet taste and has an incredible, lingering finish. We only have a few in the shop - imported especially from London - but when you try it, you'll agree it was worth the wait!, This week's email Newsletter is available here..., Mozzarella, fresh and aged (scamorza) just delivered. Time to drop by and grab some!, Whole artichokes & prosciutto in a bouncy ciabatta roll? At @boscheesecellar right now. Get one before they are gone, Cograts to Wozz! kitchen creations. So stop by the Boston Cheese Cellar to see what all the accolades are about!, You can't have regular cheese without milk. To add to our other antique in the shop, here's an urn we are starting to restore its former glory. Can you guess the writing?, Stocked up for hot summer day. Cool sandwiches: French Goat cheese, Mozzarella, Cheshire cheese: All on  delicious sandwiches #roslindale #rvms #jamaicaplain, Need Gluten Free? We have some delicious imported Italian organic & gluten free pasta in the shop... Fusilli, Penne, Spaghetti, Lasagna sheets and more. Stop by to pick some up!, A brief article on cheese... simple, versatile and so diverse!
http://www.theguardian.com/lifeandstyle/2015/jul/10/cheese-meals-recipes-tamar-adler-everlasting, Vive La France!
Join us in celebrating Bastille Day & the French Revolution with some specially imported French cheese: Chaource a melt-in-the-mouth-like-Brie; Trou du Cru a small yet strong tasting and smelling cheese; Pierre Robert triple creme; Brebisrousse sheep cheese; St Maure aged goat cheese wrapped around a straw.

All classics, all wonderful and all in limited supply.

Hurry while they last!, Taleggio & Speck grilled panini; medallions of French goat cheese & Sweet and spicy spread; English cheddar and ham. We have your lunch sorted!, This week's email newsletter…, Thanks to all those who came to Red, White & Blue: A celebration of local American Cheese. 

We hope you had a great time! We featured Lake's Edge, Madison Blue, Maggie's Round, Nancy's Camembert, VBC Fresh Chèvre, and Despearado. All still available in the shop (in limited quantities). 

Keep your eyes open for the next event in mid-August... Tickets will be limited., A bursting Turkey Swiss panini ready to be panini-ed! Stop by and pick one up today., Boston Cheese Cellar will be open on Friday 4th July, but will be closed this Saturday 4th July and Sunday 5th July, in observation of Independence Day. Stop by on Friday to load up with your weekend's supplies!, Here's a link to the latest Boston Cheese Cellar eMail, sent out last night. It's easy to sign up for these once-a-week emails here: http://www.bostoncheesecellar.com/signup.html, Speck & Tallegio, Ham & Brie, both ready for the panini press. Melting deliciousness. And we're making and sampling FlatBlack Coffee - Company Panamanian today. Come and get them!, Sampling FlatBlack Coffee - Company from Panama right now!, At the Roslindale Village Main Street Farmers Market right now. Sandwiches and cheese selection bags. Stop by!, More very fine food entering the shop today.... Freshly roasted whole bean coffee from George Howell Coffee Company. Incredibly excited to have this coffee in the shop. Stop by when you get the chance!, Arrived today - classic and smoked Scamorza, aged mozzarella. Silky, tasty, beautiful and enough cheese to last you a week! Thanks to Mozzarella House., Another great arrival today with FlatBlack Coffee - Company, The finest Vegan cheeses have arrived. We are so happy to have Miyoko's Kitchen cheese in Roslindale!, Summer sandwiches today: prosciutto, mozzarella and tomatoes, or ham, real ale chutney and cheddar. They won't last long!, Congrats to Greg for winning the $100 Gift Basket on Customer Appreciation Saturday!, Turkey and Swiss on a panini ready to grill, and peppers and goat cheese. Come beat the gross weather with these beauties!, Need fresh bread? 40% off today's  delivery!, null, We will be at the Roslindale Farmers Market on Saturday - right next the the Roslindale Village Main Street tent. There will be a selection of pre-cut pieces of cheese, as well as our own shop-made fresh sandwiches. 

See you there!, As we expand our products, we're very happy to be carrying Rao's whole bean coffee - roasted in MA!, Customer Appreciation Day this Saturday 20th June!

To thank you for being great customers in our first month, we are giving you another chance to win a $100 Gift Basket!

Simply spend $25 or more in the shop on Saturday and you'll get entered into the raffle!  (1 entry per customer & excluding gift cards), Hurry to grab these beauties before they disappear: Speck & melty, runny Taleggio panini - grilled on demand - or Goat Cheese & Italian grilled peppers, null, Prosciutto and artichoke, and mozzarella and semi dry tomatoes. Summer Sandwiches., We are sampling this afternoon! Come on in and try out these items...

Point Reyes Original Blue: milky, slightly sweet & with a peppery finish.
Summer Peach & Ginger preserves from Blake Hill: an incredible tasting summer jam.
Cranberry Pecan bread: a bread that seems to work with just about anything. Delicately sweet and slightly nutty., We finally received three cheeses we've been waiting for: 
Beeler's Seelander
Tomme de Savoie (from raw milk)
Robiola, due latte

Definitely worth stopping by for!, Congrats to Mary on winning the $100 gift basket!, It's a beautiful Summer's day outside, and nothing equals summer like Goat Cheese. 

Come and grab one of these little packets of love from Blue Ledge Farm and Lazy Lady Farm.

We have the super Fresh Chèvre and the Marabella, an aged, ash-covered wonder. 

Simply beautiful., Featured cheese this week: Prufrock from Grey Barn Farm on Martha's Vineyard. An outstanding slightly pungent, washed-rind cheese. Toasty, nutty & a little bit salty. But completely delicious!, Grand Opening this Sat 6th & Sun 7th June. Samplings, tastings, Cheese Specials, and live music @ 6pm on Saturday with Grand Fatilla. Come and see the new shop!, They were so good, I made them again.... Turkey, Brie & Cranberry sandwiches, with Ham, Chutney and the creamy Double Gloucester sandwich. Come on in!, Calling all non-dairy-eating, vegetarian, vegan cheese lovers in and around Boston! I received samples from Miyoko's Kitchen in CA, and I'm eager to hear your opinion... Sunday 31st May, 4 pm till 5 pm, we'll sample these beautiful looking nut-cheeses with crackers., We received some beautiful New England cheeses today... Plymouth Big Blue & Tomme (VT), Cato Farms Des-pear-ado & Bloomsday (CT). These add up to a Blue, a nutty sweet semi-firm, a washed-rind stinky, and a bright semi-firm. 

Come and taste! They're quite delicious!, We received and cut our first 'truckle' of Mrs Kirkham's Lancashire cheese. A clothbound, butter rubbed English cheese with a wonderful delicate flavour, and amazing marbled interior texture. It's a delightful cheese to eat straight up or to have in sandwiches, and even holds together very well when melted, and so great to put on toast.

Drop by and try some!, The Friday delivery of super-fresh Mozzarella, Burrata & Ricotta has arrived. They won't last long!, Caprese & The Somerset (Ham, Chutney, Cheddar!) sandwiches today. Come on down while supplies last!, Special Sandwich today: La Fumata. Speck (a smoked form of Prosciutto), a slight sweet and slightly spicy pepper spread with a helping of arugula to help your 'greens' intake today!, The original, crazy idea of chasing a wheel of cheese down a hill began in Gloucester, UK, in the 1800s. It's been a constant fixture since, and is again scheduled for this Monday. The cheese is - naturally - Double Gloucester, which we have in the shop if you want to sample its creamy, slightly sweet taste.

http://www.gloucestercitizen.co.uk/Double-Gloucesters-wrapped-ready-cheese-rolling/story-26542208-detail/story.html, http://www.bostonglobe.com/lifestyle/food-dining/2015/05/19/adam-shutes/CdDSz81TrRe7a4Wxy0n5NM/story.html, Grill that cheese.

Impress people this Memorial Day weekend by slapping some cheese on the grill -  some Halloumi cheese. Come down to the shop to see how easy it is to do and to pick some up., We are now fully stocked with your Vegan tree-nut cheeses & Vegan Mozzarella. Treeline, Nuttin Ordinary & Daiya. Come down and try them out!, It's raining outside. Come and feel more Mediterranean with our Caprese (tomato, mozzarella, arugula) sandwich. Or feel at home with the rain, and try the Somerset (sharp cheddar, chutney and ham). Both equally delicious!, null, Handmade fresh for you today. 

The Somerset. Ham & chunks of Cheddar, with a scattering of Spring mix and to spice it up, a spread of Real Ale Chutney!

The Champs Élysée. Jambon smothered in Brie, with a topping of Spring mix.

The Caprese. A classic. semi-dried tomatoes in olive oil, and fresh Mozzarella nestled on a bed of Arugula.

Come pick one up while they're still here!, Finally we have Vegan cheese - both Treeline and Daiya Mozzarella. Come in, try some and take some home!, In or around Rozzie? It's almost lunchtime? Freshly handmade sandwiches from this morning are waiting for you! 

La Basilica, with top quality Prosciutto, arugula & Italian veg in olive oil
Champs-Élysées with Brie, jambon and spring greens
London Bridge with Ham, Ford Farm crumbly cheddar and spring greens

All on a bouncy, fresh ciabatta roll., null, Thanks for a great first day! See everyone tomorrow!, It's time. 

We still have things to do, but the doors to Boston Cheese Cellar will be open from Wednesday 6th May, 11 am. Drop by and say hello!

Adam, A quick read, and a bit of history behind Neals Yard Dairy, one of the best cheese shops in the UK, (and a distributor to the US).

The owner's vision helped revive not only the UK farmhouse cheese industry, but also the industry in the US.
 
http://www.theguardian.com/lifeandstyle/2015/may/01/how-randolph-hodgson-and-neals-yard-dairy-gave-cheese-a-chance, The French Paradox: Why do the French have relatively health and long lives? Red wine and general lifestyle? By monitoring the poop and pee samples of volunteers, a new study actually suggests that eating cheese could be the answer!

Now go eat cheese!

http://www.telegraph.co.uk/foodanddrink/foodanddrinknews/11567702/The-secret-to-a-longer-life-and-faster-metabolism-Eating-cheese.html, Things are moving forward nicely..., Don't always have the energy to check Facebook? 

We've a fix for that: signup to our email list, and we'll keep you up to date without scrolling through advert after advert after advertt...

http://ow.ly/LZoGD, It's Saturday, and that means Raw Milk Cheese Appreciation day. 

Boston Cheese Cellar has not re-opened yet, so we can't fully celebrate, but we did chat with Ryan Randell. Ryan is the cheesemaker from the Massachusetts raw milk farm, Smith's Country Cheese, and he gives us a glimpse into the cheese making process and the benefits of raw milk cheese.

http://ow.ly/LLUpY, Saturday 18th April is  Raw Milk Cheese Appreciation day. We may not be open yet, but we'll have something fun and interesting to share!, Boston Cheese Cellar will reopen!

As the new owners of Boston Cheese Cellar, and previous customers, we are thrilled to have the opportunity to continue the good work of Kathy & John.

Boston Cheese Cellar will remain as a Roslindale-owned cheese and specialty food shop, and it is important to us that it remains part of the strong Roslindale and Boston community.

We believe that every cheese and specialty food, either sourced locally or from around the world has a story to tell. We want to bring these stories, and our love and appreciation of these foods to Boston Cheese Cellar.

The next couple of weeks will be spent freshening up the interior of Boston Cheese Cellar, and we will post regular updates. We aim to re-open in early May, with a grand opening event planned soon after. 

We hope that all the previous Boston Cheese Cellar friends will drop in and say ‘Hello’ before and after opening. We are eager to meet all those who share a passion for cheese, food and their traditions.

See you soon,

Adam & Giuseppe, null, Hello Everyone,

After the hurricane of shoppers and well-wishers left the Cheese Cellar on the last Saturday in February, we discovered that we still had quite a bit of cheese and a motley assortment of specialty foods and hard goods remaining in our cases and on our shelves.  We first thought of food banks in the area hoping that they might want our foodstuffs.  Unfortunately, we found out that most of what we had to offer was either not acceptable (e.g., cheese not in its original wrapping) or not appropriate (e.g., hot sauces).

We did not want to just throw out perfectly good products.  Thus, at the risk of appearing to milk the "Final Closing" theme, we decided to open the store one last time to the public for a sale.  So this Saturday, March 14, from 11 - 3 ALL REMAINING ITEMS WILL BE ON OFFER AT 50% OFF.  Please be advised that our cheese selection is much diminished (i.e., no soft or stinky cheeses, little goat cheese) but we do have a pretty good selection of blue cheeses, Alpine style hard cheeses, Goudas and novelty cheeses.

So, if you are planning to go to the Winter Farmers Market on Saturday, or perhaps would just like to stop into the shop one last time (really...the last time!), come on by and say hello.

One last proviso:  For the sale, we will only be accepting cash or checks... no credit or debit cards.

Thanks to All,

Kathy & John, Hey Facebook! Don't forget that this is our last week in business!  That means EVERYTHING except cheese and meat is 40%OFF!!!

Yes, EVERYTHING!

Happy shopping!, THIS WEEK'S SALES

Sale Cheeses- 25% off
*Tarentaise: grassy Alpine-style
*Fontina Val d'Aosta: semi-firm, slightly funky
*Buffalo Wing Cheddar: hot, hot, hot!
*Colston Basset Stilton: the king of blues!
*Raclette: a classic for melting on potatoes
*Harlech: semi-firm with horseradish and parsley
*Red Dragon: semi-firm with ale and mustard seeds
*Tomme des Pyrenees: beefy, sharp, and funky

PLUS all hard goods (kitchen stuff) is NOW 30% OFF!, We are sorry to say that we were unable to pull together everything needed to open a wheel of Parmesan this Saturday. In lieu of this event, we will be offering all pasta, pasta sauce, and Parmesan at 20% off!, Some more information regarding our closing, including a piece written by one of our staff and a schedule of closing sales and events., Boston Cheese Cellar will be closed tomorrow, January 11, for our annual physical inventory. We apologize for any inconvenience and will resume our normal hours on Monday, January 12. Thanks!, 'Tis the season to treat yourself!!
JUST IN TODAY: Venison Pate, and Ford Farm with Truffles (ONLY $19.95!!)!, Montenebro - NOMNOMNOMNOM, Have a gluten-free food lover on your holiday gift list? This gluten-free basket has pasta, sauce, spiced beet finishing vinegar, risotto rice, blue cheese crackers, rosemary Parmesan crisps, Camembert, tiramisu nougat, and a whoopie pie chocolate bar! Completely gluten free, customizable, delivery available, or ready to be picked up in the store!, 1. It's the holidays, so you must buy gifts for everyone you know. 2. Everyone loves cheese. 1+2= you should buy cheese for everyone you know! Happy Holidays!!, TONIGHT 6-8 PM

Stop by during your Holiday Wander to sample some delicious baked Camembert with cranberry sauce., Crosscut Boards by Joel. Sustainably harvested from fallen trees, with food-grade sealant. A perfect holiday gift for the hostess on your list!, 'Tis the season to treat yourself! Come in and taste three different truffle cheeses, foie gras pate, and black truffle tapenade! The day's not over yet :), Tonight from 6-8 come taste some HOT Italian ZUPPA as you wander through Roslindale on this chilly night!, Today is Small Business Saturday!!  Registered American Express members can get cash back for shopping at local businesses today! Come on down! 

Here's the link if you're an American Express member who would like to register:

https://www.americanexpress.com/us/small-business/shop-small/

#shopsmall #smallbusinesssaturday #americanexpress #shoplocal, Tasting today: Wozz! kitchen creations relishes and spreads! PLUS cranberry sauce, Thanksgiving cheeses, Turkey Butters, and pate!! Come on down!, NOMNOMNOMNOM, Boston Cheese Cellar will be closing early today at 6PM. We will resume our normal hours tomorrow. We apologize for the inconvenience., For anybody who needs a Friday afternoon pick-me-up in the form of an adorable dog giving hosting tips!, Don't let the rain get you down! Stop by between now and 5PM to check out this incredible art installation by Jodi Schmidt as part of Roslindale Open Studios!! Pieces are for sale and there will be cheesy snacks!, Tomorrow, October 26, Boston Cheese Cellar will be closing at 4PM instead of 5PM. Sorry for the inconvenience and please share and plan accordingly. Have a cheesy weekend everybody!, we've always known Mount Cabot was OUR favorite syrup... apparently we're not the only ones! Come down and pick up a bottle of their (now) award-winning syrup today!, SO interesting!, Great new #fall #crackers ! #cranberry #date #walnut #pumpkin, A new delicious mixed goat and sheep's milk cheese, courtesy of Baetje Farms!, do it!, this afternoon at Boston Cheese Cellar, we're tasting out pate! Come on down!, Gotta try this before the summer's over!, Huff-Po drops some knowledge., Eat your cheese, folks!, Boston Cheese Cellar is participating in Roslindale Village's Annual Sidewalk Sale! Starting at 1pm Friday, select hard goods will be 30% off! The sale lasts all weekend!, Our online store with ScanKart, a local startup!!, Bastille Day Special! This Saturday and Sunday, enjoy 20% OFF of our regular Comte!, null, We're partnering up with a ScanKart, a small start-up company! Ten of our best-selling items now come with ScanKart labels! Using the free app, you can scan these items at home, at a friend's house, or anywhere you see them for immediate purchase and hassle-free in-store pickup!

Buying your favorite items from Boston Cheese Cellar just got that much easier., Happy July 5th!, Vote for Boston Cheese Cellar for Boston's Best cheese shop!, It's a picnic kind of a day!!, After a huge overhaul this week, our sale shelf is bigger and better than ever! Out with the old, in with the new. Come check it out!, Is everyone enjoying the beautiful weather this weekend? How about a picnic lunch from Boston Cheese Cellar? Our ploughman's lunches are Italy-themed this week, meaning gorgonzola and fontina! And, as always, pickles, grapes, chutney, a piece of baguette, a napkin, and a knife! Happy summer!, Customer quote of the week, made by one of our younger customers:

 "It smells so bad... but so good at the same time!!", Thank you to all of our customers for supporting us over the years! Come stop by and take advantage of this great deal! #customerappreciation, Tomorrow is customer appreciation day! We will be offering 20% off Brie Chatelain and Vermont Goat Log. Both are light, creamy, and perfect for summer!, everything is better with cheese!, Vote for the Boston Cheese Cellar.  Tell everyone we're your favorite cheesiest place around!!, Help us get to the top of the A-List!!, Come on down!, What's better on a rainy Saturday morning than warm pancakes with maple syrup?!?! 

We say not a whole lot. This Saturday, come by for a special Father's Day Event! From 10:30 to 12:30 tomorrow, we will be having a tasting of Bouchard Family Farm's Ployes mix paired with Mount Cabot Maple Syrup!

We have also put together some Father's Day gift bags! Each bag has a Ployes mix, Mount Cabot Maple Syrup, Cheese Cellar Blend of Rao's Coffee, and a chocolate bar from Mast Brothers Chocolate!! Wrapped and ready to go for $38.95, or design your own!

Happy Father's Day!, oh NOOOOOOOO!!! We've already said goodbye to Mimolette! When will this stop?, It's that time of year... Ploughman's Lunches are back! This batch is Spanish-themed! These lunches have Cana de Cabra, Manchego, quince paste, and as always, pickles, grapes, a piece of baguette, a knife, and a napkin! It's supposed to be warm this weekend; come get your picnic on!, Hey all! Don't forget, come down to Boston Cheese Cellar today between 1-3 PM and mention Cash Mob Roslindale for some sweet deals!, Point Reyes Farmstead Cheese presents Bay Blue! Rustic, earthy, and absolutely delicious!, null, null, Want to support local businesses this summer? Boston Cheese Cellar is going to be the venue for Roslindale's first ever Cash Mob!! Do something nice for your community; do something nice for your mouth!, happy Saturday!, We are ready for our tasting this afternoon! Some of us are a little TOO ready....., Today's the day! Come in from 1-3PM today for our Gouda Tasting!!, Mark your calendars! Gouda tasting this Saturday from 1-3pm at Boston Cheese Cellar!, null, null, null, Your Mom deserves cheese!!! Mention this post and get 10% OFF cheese for your Mom today!!!, Well, this is the funniest thing we've seen all day! Thanks Sophia's Grotto!!, null, and you can get all three right on Birch st!, null, Were you freaking out? We were freaking out. NOT TO WORRY! We have Pecorino Moliterno Tartufo back in stock, and we're never letting her out of our sight again!, null, a good motto., SPECIAL EVENT today 1-3pm! Come taste Nicole Coady's Fixx Chocolates!!, SPECIAL EVENT!! Tomorrow, May 3rd from 1-3pm, Nicole Coady will be here in the store sampling out her marvelous  Fixx Chocolates!!! 

"Fixx Chocolates are an assortment of unique, rich and superb creations that will elevate your candy bar experience!", Welcome Bloomsdale! Inspired by the classic French Valencay, this aged goat's milk pyramid has won many awards, including First Place from the American Cheese Society in 2012!, Welcome, Cornish Blue! This sweet, mild, and creamy cheese of distinctive character was the World Cheese Awards Champion Cheese of 2010!, null, APRIL 26, 2014 – 1:00 – 4:00
MEMORIAL ARTIST’S RECEPTION FOR RICHARD LACHER
(father of Boston Cheese Cellar co-owner Kathy Lacher)

RICHARD LIVED FOR OVER 63 YEARS OUTSIDE CHICAGO, ILLINOIS. HE WAS A HUSBAND, FATHER, CHEMICAL ENGINEER, PATENT ATTORNEY, GARDENER AND GOLFER. 
HE AND WIFE, FLORENCE, RETIRED TO NORTH CAROLINA AND LIVED THERE HAPPILY FOR MANY YEARS. AFTER FLORENCE’S DEATH RICHARD MOVED TO VERMONT TO BE NEAR HIS DAUGHTER ELIZABETH. 
HE LIVED IN A RETIREMENT COMMUNITY, THE LODGE AT OTTER CREEK. IN MIDDLEBURY, VT WHERE THEY OFFERED MANY ACTIVITIES. AN ART CLASS CAUGHT RICHARD’S EYE AT AGE 93 AND HE BEGAN TO ENTHUSIASTICALLY DRAW AND PAINT.
 HE WORKED IN BLACK AND WHITE AND COLOR AND GRADUALLY STARTED EXPERIMENTING WITH WATERCOLORS. HE OFTEN WORKED FROM PHOTOGRAPHS THAT HE TOOK OVER HIS LIFETIME, PHOTOS OF FAMILY MEMBERS, AND PICTURES FROM BOOKS.
THIS EXHIBIT PRESENTS DRAWINGS AND PAINTINGS FROM THE 4+ YEARS OF HIS ARTISTS CAREER –AGES 93 TO 97- UNTIL HIS DEATH IN DECEMBER 2013., Not if you store it properly! Some tips on the best way to store cheese:

1. NEVER store cheese directly in plastic wrap! Cheese is a living thing and the bacteria need to breathe in order for your cheese to stay fresh! The best way to store your cheese is in cheese paper, cheesecloth that has been dampened with olive oil, or wax or parchment paper in a pinch. 

2. Keep all your wrapped cheeses in one place, such as a large tupperware or dedicated drawer, in the warmest part of your fridge to preserve taste and prevent dryness.

3. If your cheese is hard and grows mold on it, don't throw it away! Simply scrape of cut off the mold and wipe the surface down with white vinegar, and you're good to go! If your cheese is soft and has mold on it or smells like ammonia, it's probably time to say your heartfelt goodbyes :(

4. If your cheese has dry or cracked spots, simply dampen the dry areas with olive oil and you have a nice refreshed piece of cheese!

Happy Munching!!!, realistically speaking..., Happy Easter folks! Don't forget we're open from 10-7 today for all your last-minute Easter needs! Spring cheeses, chocolate eggs, and baskets galore!, Hey folks, check out our Easter newsletter! Highlights include Easter cheeses and chocolate, this Spring's Artist Reception, and a photo of Mayor Walsh outside of our store!, null, For all you Game of Throners out there!, Our SPRING SALE continues!! And if you have already filled out our survey, today is the last day to bring in your coupon! (Unfortunately coupons may not be applied to on-sale items), Who else is SO HAPPY that it's the weekend?!?!, Thank you to everyone who filled out our survey! The survey is now closed, but if you've already taken it, you have TWO MORE DAYS to bring in your coupon for 10% OFF!!!, In the throws of March Madness? These cutting boards shaped like basketballs are 20% off, and we only have two left! Get me while you can!, Come taste Equal Exchange's May Day Blend coffee today at the shop! Available until we run out of coffee! HAPPY SPRING!, SPRING CLEANING TIME! Our sale section is growing out of control... so we're cutting the prices even lower! Everything on our sale shelves is now 40% OFF! Includes chocolates, crackers, plates, cutting boards, pancake mixes and more!, Hey folks! We're pleased to announced that Boston Cheese Cellar's Instagram page is up and in full swing! Want to see even more pictures of our beautiful cheeses and products? Want to help us get out there by posting and tagging your marvelous cheese spreads and cooking masterpieces? Follow us @bostoncheesecellar !!, null, TODAY 10% OFF all Wisconsin cheddar!! Come on down to taste Hook's 5-year, a classic orange cheddar, or something sharper, like the 7-year aged cheddar from Deer Creek!, if you haven't already... TAKE OUR SURVEY TO GET 10% OFF your next purchase! Offer expires April 5!!, (Please eat responsibly), THIS WEEKEND! 10% off Irish cheeses and crackers! Saturday, Sunday, and Monday. HAPPY ST PATRICK'S DAY!!, Hi Everyone,

Please fill out our quick anonymous customer survey and get 10% off your next purchase. To receive the 10% discount print the page that says “Thank you for taking our survey” and bring it into Boston Cheese Cellar.  This offer expires 4/5/14.

Thanks from Boston Cheese Cellar!, Awesome!  Eat Local Honey!!, Hey stinky cheese lovers- we have a really funky wheel of Langres that's just begging for someone to take home a piece of delicious golden goo. Come and get it!, let's start today with some simple logic, shall we? yum!, We all like to drink wine... but do you like to EAT it, too? We have several different products that are made with wine- including crackers, vinegar, jams, and cheese!, Putting a smile on our face to help us through the week!, our clearance section is slowly taking over the store- come help us make way for new products! Everything on sale shelves 20% off!, This light and grassy Alpine-style cheese was modeled in part after Beaufort, our pick of the week!, null, New to us, old to the world. 

"References to the production of Beaufort date back over 2,000 years, before the Roman occupation of France."

Come taste the beauty that is Beaufort!, Realistically speaking...., Of COURSE you waited until the last minute to get something for your Valentine.. but not to worry, Boston Cheese Cellar still has gifts for Valetine's Day! Stop by on your way home from work and pick something up, like these lovely assorted Valentine chocolates made right in JP!, Sweets for your sweetie! Solid dark and milk chocolate bars., Go CHEESY this Valentine's Day! We have all kinds of neat goodies for your loved one, from classic assorted boxed chocolate to heart-shaped cheeses! Come check it out!, Hi friends! Today we're asking: what would you like to see more of on Boston Cheese Cellar's Facebook page? Recipes? Specials and sales? Resources to learn more about cheese? Mouthwatering pictures? We want to hear from you!, Today! Artist Reception for Janice Regolsky!

Living conditions continue to decline in THE TOWN. The populace is presently PLAGUED by ten unfortunate conditions...

Stop by between 2-4PM to see what's happening in THE TOWN while you munch on some complimentary gougères (cheese puffs) made by Blue Frog Bakery!, too funny!, We will be closed tomorrow, January 13th for our annual physical inventory. We will resume normal hours on Tuesday. Sorry for the inconvenience!, It's time to tally up and announce our Top Ten Sellers of 2013! Anyone want to make any guesses? Should we start a betting pool?, 2013 was a Laaaaangres year. You deserve some cheese! We have a few wheels of Langres that are in perfect shape right now! Come taste this marvelous French washed rind cheese. It's creamy and tangy with just the right amount of punch! Happy New Year!, IT'S BACK!  We finally have Morbier again!! Stop by tomorrow and taste this classic French cheese!, Yesterday was the busiest day in the seven years we've been open! A big thanks to all of our great customers for continuing to support our business!, We're all pretty impressed by the tangy flavor of this special Manchego!, On the second day of Christmas, my true love gave to me...

Seven-piece assorted Christmas chocolate! Made by Filthy Rich Chocolates right in JP, this local chocolate has great flavors, such as raspberry wasabi, AND is super cute!!!, Today marks Boston Cheese Cellar's seventh birthday! Thank you to all of our customers for seven years of wonderful business!, On the first day of Christmas, my true love gave to me.....

A Kati Cup! These double-walled ceramic tumblers come with a stainless steel infuser basket that sits right inside the cup and a matching lid to keep your tea hot while it's steeping. They come in four different colors and patterns. A perfect gift for any tea drinker in your life!, come on down to Boston Cheese Cellar RIGHT NOW to learn how to put together the perfect holiday cheese plate! We're open til 8 tonight!, null, Come stop by for the Roslindale Village Main Street Holiday Wander tonight! From 6-8 we'll be tasting out a few blue cheeses at our BLUE BASH. Come taste something you've never tried before!, Shop Small Business Saturday with Boston Cheese Cellar! We're having a hot chocolate tasting from 1-3 today, pop on down to warm up and get some tasty cheese or holiday gifts!, Come on down to Boston Cheese Cellar for your last-minute Thanksgiving needs! We have many new cheeses, as well as three different kinds of pâtés, and TURKEY BUTTERS!! We're here until 7pm tonight!, Check out this film about a new cheddar from Neal's Yard Dairy! It shows their cheese-making process, from milking to aging. Although we don't carry this cheddar (yet), we do carry other cheeses from Neal's Yard!, We're having a PÂTÉ PARTY at Boston Cheese Cellar! 

Venison Pâté- venison, pork, and chicken liver pâté with pistacios and cranberries

Mousse du Périgord- a blend of duck, chicken, and turkey liver with mushrooms and truffles, topped with Aspic

Wild Boar Pâté- wild boar, pork, and chicken liver with chestnuts and raisins

Mousse de Foie de Canard au Porto- a creamy mousse of duck livers delicately sweetened with port wine, OODLES OF OLIVES!! In addition to our Castelvetrano (green) and "country mixed" olives, we now have two new kinds of olives: green olives stuffed with Gorgonzola (yum!) and pitted Italian cocktail olive mix (green olives, black olives, and hot peppers)!, New cheeses to GOBBLE up this Thanksgiving! Three of our new cheeses are sold as individual mini wheels, which are perfect for stuffing and baking, or serve them as-is for an exceptionally lovely presentation!

Camembert Fermier- a traditional, full-flavored camembert from Ferme de Jouvence in France.

Mini Fougerus- a mini version of our Fougerus. Milky with mushroomy aftertones.

VBC Mascarpone- thick, rich, and sweet. Perfect for making tiramisu!

Alpenchili- soft-ripened mini wheels from Switzerland, topped with garlic, herbs, and "alpenchili" peppers!, customer quote of the week!

daughter: "It stinks in here!"
father: "yes, it stinks of AWESOME!", It's Vacherin season! Bring on the holiday parties!, It just keeps getting better and better! In addition to gluten-free crackers, cookies, and pretzels, Boston Cheese Cellar now carries gluten-free pasta from Garofalo, our best-selling brand of pasta!, If you loved our Tartiflette at the Taste of Roslindale, stop by this week to pick up a copy of our recipe as well as some "Reblochon"! With the weather getting cooler, nothing beats a warm, stick-to-your-ribs dish like Tartiflette!, Thank you so much to everyone who came out for the Taste of Roslindale!, Boston Cheese Cellar will close at 6:15 PM tonight for the Taste of Roslindale. We will resume our normal hours tomorrow. Sorry for the inconvenience.

If you're going to the Taste of Roslindale, we will be serving our version of the classic French dish Tartiflette. See you there!, We have some delicious new cheese this week!

Red Witch- this Swiss Alpine-style raw cow's milk cheese is a perfect balance of nutty and sharp; superb with apples!

Oveja Negra- this ORGANIC manchego has the flavor of raw sheep's milk, but the mildness of a young, creamy cheese.

Reblochon- while you can't get *true* Reblochon in the US, we have two tasty pasturized substitutes. 

Also, we have Taste of Roslindale tickets available to purchase here in the store (cash or check only)!, They're here, they're here, they're finally here! Boston Cheese Cellar now carries gluten-free biscotti AND pretzels, both in a variety of flavors! Our new favorite snack is the stoneground mustard flavor pretzels! YUM!!, Boston Cheese Cellar will close today at 6:30 for a private event. Sorry for the inconvenience! Our normal hours will resume tomorrow., Ford Farm Cheddar would work perfectly in this recipe! YUM!, We just got in some NEW maple syrup from Mount Cabot Maple in New Hampshire! Not only is this syrup made in small, tasty batches, you won't believe the price! Six ounces bottles are $10.50, half liters are $17.50, and whole liters are $33.50!, TONIGHT: Roslindale Third Thursday! From 6-8 pm, buy a Ploughman's Lunch (we have Spanish or French) and get a FREE 8oz container of our NEW cold cucumber soup, made in house! What a perfect night for a late summer picnic!, Introducing a new summer treat:  cucumber soup! Just like our gazpacho, this cold soup of cucumbers, herbs, and yogurt is prepared right here in our store!, We have a new cheese this week! Caciottona de Capra is a hard Italian's goat's milk cheese with a sweet flavor and is wrapped in walnut leaves.

On sale this week: 

Wensleydale with cranberries NOW $13.95 a pound!

Chevrot NOW $9.50 each!

Also this week, new wheels of Tomme de Savoie, Hirtenkase, Munster, Langres, Comte St Antoine, Piave Vecchio, and Parmesan!, null, Working on our next batch of gazpacho! Come get some before the end of summer!, A perfectly ripe Bonne Bouche, ash-ripened goat cheese handmade in Vermont. Yum!!, Tonight: Roslindale Third Thursdays! Buy a Ploughman's Lunch (Ford Farm Cheddar, Fourme d'Ambert Bleu, chutney, pickles, grapes, and a piece of a freshly baked baguette) and get a FREE 8 oz gazpacho, made in-house! Perfect for an evening picnic!, It's back in time for tomato season- homemade GAZPACHO at Boston Cheese Cellar!! Made with fresh vegetables from the Roslindale Farmer's Market right here in our store! Available in small, medium, or large containers, or if you bring in your own container, we'll fill it for you! Perfect for a light lunch on those hot August afternoons., Two cheeses in this week:

Wyfe of Bath is an organic cow's milk tomme-style cheese with an initially buttery flavor that builds to a sharp finish.

Bleu de Moncenisio is a rustic, farmy, rich and mild blue cheese from Italy.

Come by for a taste!, Here's a tasty summer pasta recipe to try: toss cooked pasta with one of our marinated fetas and a few diced farmer's market or homegrown tomatoes. Yum, tastes like summer!, Here are a few summer-perfect cheeses at Boston Cheese Cellar:

Fresh goat cheeses, such as the Vermont Goat Log (light and lemony), Petit Billy (sweet with a mild tang), and Fleur Verte (accented with tarragon and pink peppercorns)

Arabella- this new and delicious washed-rind cheese is made of raw milk from grass-fed cows. It has a creamy texture and tangy, lactic flavor with a barnyard-y finish.

Brebirousse d'Argental- ultra rich and creamy because it's made with sheep's milk. Intense in the best way.

Moses Sleeper- soft and sweet with a delicate, grassy finish.

Stop by for a taste of summer!, Roslindale Third Thursdays! Tonight we are open late (until 8) and Ploughman's Lunches are on sale! This week, packed with cheddar and mild goat cheese, they are the perfect picnic dinner for all ages to bring to the free concert tonight!, Just made some FRENCH Ploughman's Lunches! These ones have Comte and Petit Billy, along with chutney, pickles, grapes, a piece of fresh baguette, a knife and a napkin., You know what's one of the best things about cheese? You don't have to turn on your oven in order to enjoy it! Come stop by and taste some cheese while you enjoy our AC!, Did you know that Boston Cheese Cellar is friendly to gluten-sensitive diets? We currently carry EIGHT different kinds of gluten-free crackers, and practically all of our cheeses and meats are naturally gluten-free :), Just made a batch of Italian Ploughman's Lunches! They have Gorgonzola Dolce and Fontina! As always, they come with chutney, pickles, a piece of freshly-baked baguette, a knife and a napkin!, Hey all, it's finally happened! Boston Cheese Cellar is on Instagram! Follow us @bostoncheesecellar!!, Just made a new round of Vermont-themed Ploughman's Lunches! They contain Alpha Tolman and Vermont Fresh Goat Log, along with pickles, chutney, grapes, and a third of baguette baked that morning! Complete with knife and napkin., Looks like it's going to be a picnic-perfect weekend! Why not stop by and pick up a Ploughman's Lunch on your way to the Arboretum? This weekend we have two varieties- a French lunch with Comte and Brie, or an English lunch with Stilton and Cheddar. Both come with Scottish Apple Chutney, pickles, grapes, a piece of baguette, a napkin and a knife! Everything you need for a perfect picnic!, TONIGHT 6-8pm

Roslindale Main Streets Third Thursday!

Come check out our cheddar tasting and support our city!

10% of all purchases go to One Fund Boston!, We got in over FIFTY pounds of cheddar this week! Don't forget to stop by after the farmer's market tomorrow between 1 and 3 to taste it all at our Cheddarama!!!!, null, That's one big truckle of Beecher's Special Reserve! Try this and other new cheddars this Saturday at our Father's Day Cheddarama!! Taste four cheddars from 1-2 pm, and four different cheddars from 2-3 pm!, null, Check out our new Ajiri teas! We now carry Ajiri Rooibos, and Kenyan Black with Mango, Lemon, or Ginger, as well as our regular loose leaf and bagged Kenyan Black tea!, Today is customer appreciation day! Today only, get 10% off your purchase!, Did you know that Boston Cheese Cellar has some products made especially for our store? That means you can't get them anywhere but here! Filthy Rich Chocolates makes us a layered dark and milk chocolate bar, right in JP! And Chutney House created a Scottish Apple Chutney at our request. Both are new and available in the store., null, It's summertime and they're BACK!

The Ploughman's Lunch!
-2 pieces of cheese
-chutney
-pickles
-grapes
-piece of baguette

Perfect for a light lunch or picnic, come and enjoy one today!, Third Thursdays in Roslindale!

This Thursday, May 16th, come to our artist's reception for Ellen Pierce from 6-8 PM! Munch on snacks as you admire her beautiful and quaint linoleum prints and get a chance to meet the artist!, Need a last-minute Mother's Day gift? Come check out our great new selection of chocolates and hard goods; just in time for Mother's Day!, Caprino Friorito! Fresh goat cheese with semi-dry flowers on top!, New cheeses at Boston Cheese Cellar: 

Ewephoria- a Dutch sheep's milk Gouda. Creamy, nutty, and sweet.

Point Reyes Toma- an Italian-style cow's milk table cheese made in California. Buttery with a grassy tang.

Caprino Fiorito- individual fresh goat cheeses topped with fragrant semi-dry flowers. Fragrant and delicious!

Barely Buzzed- a mild cow's milk cheese with a rind made with coffee grounds and a hint of lavender., We heard this story today via email from a Roslindale mom who was visiting Paris with her son:

 This afternoon we went for a walk, (my son) wanting  to go to the playground and me wanting to walk around the neighborhood.  I read that one of the best fromagers in Paris is a couple of blocks away.  So I said to (my son) that I wanted to stop at the cheese shop as well.  He looked at me like I was being stupid, and without even looking up at me, says "Can't go there mom...cheese shop is in Roslindale!!", Third Thursdays in Roslindale Village!

This week: Girl's Night Out!

Come taste featured dips and spreads from 6-8pm at Boston Cheese Cellar! Purchase a featured dip and a 10% discount!

Happy Spring!, null, Just in time for Spring:

*New* Farmer's Gouda- creamier than our other Goudas.

Collier's Irish Cheddar- tangy and sharp, with some calcium crystals.

St. Maure Chevre- fresh, tangy, and subtle.

ALSO we now have MINI Epoisses! Come check it out!, .What's especially tasty at the Boston Cheese Cellar this week?

Clochettes- aged chevre bells from France. Perfectly ripe, perfectly delicious!

Capra Cremosa- fresh goat cheeses topped with shaved truffles. Elegance with a twist.

St. Maure Chevre- a fresh and sweet goat cheese from France.

PLUS new shipments of Brebirousse d'Argental, Langres, Epoisses, Fougerus, and Seelander!, null, One of our favorites! Beefy and grassy!, Our SPRING SALE CONTINUES!

Select hard goods are still 35% OFF!

Come down and try Cahill's Irish Porter! In honor of St. Patrick's Day, this mild Irish cheddar marbled with porter ale has been marked down to $15.95/lb!, Customer quote of the week:

"I like my women like I like my cheese... STINKY!", NEW: Emma's Bruschetta Spread and Dip! Flavors: Asparagus, Artichoke, and Red Pepper Tomato Jalapeño!, La Belle Excuse White Balsamic Vinegar- we have it!!!, Tomme Croute Noire, our newest cheese! This cheese is a semi-firm cow's milk tomme made in Pyrénées Atlantiques (France). It is tangy, buttery, and herbal - perfect for Spring!, null, A delicate band of spruce bark circles every wheel of Winnimere., This cheese, also from Jasper Hill, is called Winnimere, and has a stronger flavor and oozier texture than the Oma. 
Stink-O-Meter Rating: 3, This is another picture of Oma., This is Oma, an American original washed-rind cheese that is intriguing yet approachable, and has a flavor that is balanced between pungent and sweet., Hello Cheese Lovers,

Well, it was bound to happen someday...and, lucky for you, that day is this Saturday, March 2, from 1-3 pm. Boston Cheese Cellar will be hosting our first ever "Stink-O-Meter" Stinky Cheese Tasting!

Hold your noses (or breathe deeply!) and come in for some delicious, odoriferous cheeses. We will be sampling stinky cheeses of all levels from mildly smelly to the "OH NO!" 5th and highest level on our smell scale.

Hope to see you soon!
The cheese mongers of BCC, customer quote of the week: "I don't trust anyone who doesn't eat cheese.", What's new and delicious this week at Boston Cheese Cellar?

-Winnimere; oozy and very complex, with smoky, resinous notes (from VT)

-Brin d'Amour; as these wheels continue to mature, they become more herbal and earthy (from France)

Also, check out our newly expanded meat section! We have American Proscuitto, a prepackaged sliced antipasto selection, and many varieties of sausage, both domestic and imported., Here are some great new items just in for Valentine's Day! Also, our SALE has been extended until Saturday due to the storm. This week, get 25% select hard goods for your kitchen-savvy sweetie!, null, Customer quote of the day:
"A day without cheese is a sad day indeed.", We will be closed Sunday, January 6th for inventory. We will resume normal hours on Monday. Sorry for the inconvenience! We only have to do it once a year., 2012's Top Ten Best Sellers!!!

1. Quebec 7 year aged cheddar
2. Istara Ossau-Iraty
3. Parmigiano Reggiano
4. Cabot Clothbound Cheddar
5. Seelander Beeler
6. Ford Farm Cheddar
7. Pecorino Tartufo di Bosco
8. Brie Chatelain
9. Bucheron Log
10. St.Agur Blue

Thanks to all of our customers for another cheesy year!, null, Don't forget to stop by the Boston Cheese Cellar to pick up your last-minute gifts! We'll be open from 10-5 on Christmas Eve. Holiday Favorites include:

Bright Red Chocolate Covered Cherries
White Chocolate Gingerbread Bits
Venison Pate with Pistachios and Cranberries
New Chocolate Bars in Hot Buttered Rum, Mom's Hot Cocoa, and Peppermint Stick flavors
Fine kitchen wares, including cheese boards, knife sets, cutting boards, mortar and pestle sets, plate sets, spice grinders, and so much more! 

Stop by today!, Happy Anniversary to the Boston Cheese Cellar.  We opened our doors on December 14th six years ago.  Thank you to everyone for these wonderfully cheesy years, we look forward to the next 6.  Happy Holidays and more importantly Cheesy Holidays!, One of our customers was so delighted on a recent visit to the shop that she sent us these "reviews" of her favorite items to share with you...

Cheese Making Kit
Great gift for people who like to cook or create things from scratch. Making mozzarella or ricotta is very rewarding and remarkably easy. Kit contains everything you need including cultures, cheesecloth, citric acid, rennet tablets, dairy thermometer and directions.   Add a large pot, sharp knife, and milk from your kitchen.  
$25.95

Bamboo Cutlery
Elevate the status of lunch in the office.   This bamboo knife, fork, and spoon set raises lunch at the desk to a more civilized level and makes an unusual gift.  Knife is serrated, making cutting easy.  Reusable, comes in assorted colors, just requires rinsing.
$6.50 per set

Brooklyn Slate Cheese Board
Sleek and elegant, this naturally edged board provides a distinctive, natural surface for serving cheeses or hors d’oeuvres.  Colors:   slate grey or red, packed in burlap, with a soap stone pencil for writing on the slate.
Assorted sizes:  $15.95-$39.95

Tinned  Mustard
Great hostess gift that trumps the usual candy or flowers.  15 oz. of smooth, wonderfully aromatic Dijon, made in Burgundy, comes in an attractive retro-looking tin pail.  Adds zest to cold meats, baked beans, deviled eggs, etc.  
$16.75

Crosscut Board
Serve cheeses and hors d’oeuvres or cut food on a crosscut slice of natural maple, ash or hemlock from the woods of Minnesota.  Specially cured to prevent splitting, the boards are a single piece with no glue or lamination.  Each board is sealed with a penetrating, moisture resistant mineral oil finish, which is safe for food and brings out the natural grain of the wood.  Also comes as a lazy Susan.
Assorted sizes:  $15.95-$39.95.

Make sure you come check out these products and more before the holidays at Boston Cheese Cellar!, null, Roslindale Village Main Street is having a contest for best window display! Please vote for us in the office at 2A Corinth Street today; voting ends tomorrow!, Our grilled cheeses were a hit at the Taste of Roslindale!, Check out the BCC's mention in the Culture magazine: the word on cheese Blog.    Try out Monger Ben's ravioli recipe featured in the post!, Don't forget to vote for your favorite fromage flinging team on Boston A-List so you can let the rest of Boston know you think the Boston Cheese Cellar is number 1, Dreaming of cheddar gougère filled with whipped black pepper goat cheese, Have you heard about the Mast Brothers?   We just started carrying some of their chocolate.  Some have called them pioneers in the new frontier of cacao; but we'll let you taste and decide for yourselves.  Check out this video, it's amazing to watch their process., Read up on Mary Quicke, then come in and try her delicious and unique cheddar., CONGRATULATIONS to Ginny and Mitch the winners of our CAKE OF CHEESE!   Few could be more deserving than this wonderful Roslindale couple who have been regulars since the store opened.  Another fantastic regular Isabelle chose winning ticket, thanks Isabelle., Cake of Cheese to celebrate our 5th birthday !  Cake's at 4... come celebrate with us!, Cheeselovers everywhere: Please join us on Saturday March 31st to celebrate our Fifth Anniversary!  Special tastings and cheese fondue will be some of the treats in store.  And to celebrate 5 great years of fantastic cheese we will be raffling off this 3-tier cake made entirely of cheeses!!!  Raffle tickets are available in store for $2 and all the proceeds will go to Roslindale Public Schools.  Hurry and get your tickets today!, Looks like the NYTimes finally caught on to what we figured out a year ago:  the cheese boards from Brooklyn Slate Company are AWESOME!  Black or Red, what's your color choice?, Cool Beans!  BCC and Solera, A Shrine to Wine tagged on Universal Hub., Happy Valentine's day from all of us at the Boston Cheese Cellar - Kathy, John, Stephanie, Daniel and Benjamin, "A sip of milk itself or a scoop of ice cream can be a Proustian of youth's innocence and energy and possibility, while a morsel of fine cheese is a rich meditation on maturity, the fulfillment of possibility, the way of all flesh."  -Harold McGee: On Food and Cooking, Hey folks, want to learn more about cheese?  Our very own Benjamin Stroud will be teaching a cheese class at KitchenWares by Blackstones on February 23rd.  Limited space available so sign up soon.  , Here at the BCC we've got hundreds of chocolate options to satisfy any lover's sweet tooth.  But here's a creative option for those with more savory tastes.  Can't claim the genius here but we can supply the cheeses!, YUM x 1000!!!, null, From the trees to your waffles.  The BCC now has maple syrup on tap!  3 sizes of refillable bottles. Come in and try some today., WANT WANT WANT!, Happy New Year CheeseLovers! (the internet is 13 days behind right?)  Here at the Cellar we just pulled in a new gem to satisfy your sweet tooth:  Maple Syrups from Nutting Farm 100% Pure Vermont Maple.  We've got any grade to suit your taste from the delicate Grade A Fancy to the deep rich flavors of our personal favorite: Grade B Dark.  We've got these beautiful bottles in two sizes and coming soon a Syrup Refill program.  Hurry in and get some before we drink it all!, Only 2.5 more hours of cheese this year!!, A re-post of our article in the Globe.  Those of you lucky enough to catch the print article got to see a pic of our handsome Nick Pierce.  We've got plenty other cheese ideas to go with your New Years fair, whether it's beers, cocktails or just dinner., Tonight 12/8 is the second Rozi Holiday Wander.  Tonight's special at the BCC is Condiments!  Until we close tonight all condiments are 10% off.  Hotsauce, jams, honey, chutney, turshi, mustard, salsa and more!!, BCC highlighted on CBS News for Small Business Saturday!  Thanks to everyone who came out that day, an even bigger success than last year.  And thanks to AMEX for creating such a brilliant promotion., It's Small Business Saturday here at the BCC.  Come support your favorite cheese shop!, Here's an idea for a stuffing alternative... to serve along side stuffing, because who can give that up?   Monger's recommendation: sprinkle some grated Sharfe Maxx on top for an extra swing of flavor., New cheeses at the BCC:

Panoleta: hard aged Spanish goat cheese - tangy slightly nutty and wonderful.

Bonde d'Antan: soft aged French goat cheese - creamy, rich with tangy notes of hay.

and welcoming back an old favorite Brin d'Amour - semi soft aged Sheeps milk cheese from Corsica encrusted with rosemary, fennel seeds, juniper berries, and the occasional bird's eye chiles., A spooky sweet to hand out on Halloween.   Does anyone know a good way to tailor the recipe to be savory and cheesy?  , Have you seen our new handmade hard candy from Brooklyn?  So far we're carrying 4  flavors: Wild Strawberry, Green Apple, Cocord Grape and Tangerine.  Each flavor is deliciously true to its name.   I'm not sure I would hand these out to Trick or Treaters, but they are a perfect gift for any adult with a sweet tooth.  Enjoy. , Goat Cheese mini popovers?! Yes please!  I'll be having these for breakfast once my weekend rolls around.  Goat cheese recommendations are Boucheron log or Cana de Cabra.  Mini popover pans availabe at KitchenWares by Blackstones ., A homemade cheesy treat for kids of all ages.  Use fontina or your favorite cheese, Join us tomorrow Sunday 9/25 from 1pm to 4pm for an apple and honey tasting for Rosh Hashanah.  Let's usher in a sweet new year together., Light and flaky Cheddar Biscuits... YUM!, YUM!, Looking for a great way to bumb up your cuppa Rao's coffee?  Try adding a spoonful or two of our Fat Toad Farm goat's milk caramel.  Can you say goat's milk caramel macchiatto?, It's WAY too hot to cook.  Why not just eat cheese?  Maybe some wine... a Blue Frog baguette?  Sounds perfect to me., I got myself an egg CSA so I've been making eggs and cheese grits every other day for breakfast.  This will have to be my step up challenge from basic cheddar.  Anybody have a great cheese grits recipe?, Hey Cheeselovers.  Just another reminder to vote for us on Boston A list.  , Happy Birthday America!  From all of us at the Boston Cheese Cellar.  Kathy, John, Daniel, Stephanie and Benjamin., Cookies from Lark Fine Foods are back in stock.  Fantastic new packaging surrounds the same delicious "Cookies for Grown-Ups"  Come try the spicy Mighty Gingers or the wonderfully complex olive Scourtins!, 2 warm days in a row!  I declare BARBECLETTE season officially open, Have you tried the Midnight Moon?  It's a goat gouda designed and sold by Cypress Grove Chevre in CA, same people who make the Humbolt Fog and Truffle Tremor. Made for them in Holland, it's creamy and tangy with rich caramel flavors.  A MUST for any Gouda lover., We've got the Mozzerella kits if you've got a smoker!  I've got one in my back patio and CANNOT wait to try this.

Enjoy!, Homemade Cheez-Its?!  YES PLEASE!  And think about all the possibilities beyond cheddar: Goat Cheez-its, Truffle Cheez-its, Swiss Cheez-its, Blue Cheez-its!!   And for the bold and daring you could even try Stinky Cheez-its with French Munster or Hooligan.  I can't wait to start experimenting!, Have you tried our new salamis from OLLI Salumeria Americana ?  We just started selling them and are already addicted!  We carry 2 types so far, but if you all like em enough I'll order the rest and even see if we can get someone from the Olli team in the store to do a tasting., The Boston Cheese Cellar is falling behind.  Help us show Boston we're your favorite cheese shop!, Cheesitecture., Wondering what to make Dad for father's day?!  How about this super cheesy "Manwich"  (no not the stuff out of a can).  Just do us a favor, ditch the processed American cheese and spring for some more interesting options.  Maybe Buffalo Wing Cheddar Mac n' Cheese with Ford Farm Cheddar?  Or how about creamy Fontina Mac w/ Truffle Pecorino?  Maybe all on some Fornax sourdough? *cue the Homer Simpson drooling sounds*, Today is Bloomsday!!  And what a beautiful Bloomsday it is!  So pull out your Joyce, hop on down to the cellar and grab yourself a wedge of Bloomsday cheese.  Made by Cato Corner Farms in Connecticut, this firm cows milk cheese has a nice mellow sharpness and rich nutty undertones., Also vote for our friends at KitchenWares by Blackstones!  The best kitchen store in Boston., Have you voted for the BCC as Boston's best Cheese Shop!?  Please support us on Boston A-List, Hey everyone!  At long last our website has been updated! Check it out and tell us what you would like see on there! , We entered the BCC today to find the power supply to our checkout computer was TOAST!  1.5 hours later we've fixed everything and we're back in business!  Speaking of toast, we've got marinated feta that would go fantastically on some., Chipotle Cheese Crisps!! YUM, April is National Grilled Cheese Month!  We've got the cheese, but we need your recipes! Please Bring them in with your name and I'll make a database that everyone can refer too and you can smile as others ogle and recreate your cheesy concoction., Awesome cheese smuggling blog post.  Check it out!, The BCC is proud to announce our first cheese from New Zealand!  Windsor Blue from Whitestone Cheese.  Tangy and creamy, this fantastic blue cheese starts slow then pops with flavor!, Come in and try our new Swiss blue cheese, Jersey Blue.  It's really expensive, but it is UN-BE-lievable., BCC is now an NECN  TV Diner Destination.  Check us out, and the whole Roslindale gang, on TV tonight at 7pm!, The BCC now has reusable bags!  They are 5"x8"x5" insulated lunch totes which are perfect for transporting your cheese and keeping it cool 'till you reach your destination. Come check 'em out!, NEW CHEESE ALERT!   Hudson Red from Twin Maple Farm in NY.  This soft, washed rind, cows milk cheese is sticky, stinky, buttery and amazingly delicious.  Come in and try it now., Cheese and beer together as one!!  All rejoice!, null, Inventory day here at the BCC, counting up every item. 1, 2, 3 - 3 cheeses - ah ah ah., Goat Cheese Garlic Crème Brûlée... fantastic.  The recipe calls for carmelizing parmesan on the top but I would do sugar just like on a real crème brûlée, I think the sweet and savory flavors would be wonderful.  Enjoy, Very interesting short article about how cheese just might help you score that hottie at the christmas party., Balkan Cheese Roll recipe.  For when our Balkan Rye isn't  quiteenough., Boston Cheese Cellar featured on WBZ 4 for Small Business Saturday!  , Just had a load of Film Cameras in the shop for Small Business Saturday.  Check out WBZ 4 tonight at 11 for a chance to spot Kathy, Jon, Daniel and Ben on tv!, BUSY BUSY DAY here at the BCC.  No Thanksgiving feast is complete without some delicious cheese.  Come change your life with the rich and creamy Epoisse Coupe - or melt at the deliciousness of the buttery sharp Shropshire blue.  And don't forget butters!  We've got herb butter, pesto butter, white truffle butter and turkey butter.  (that's butter in the shape of a turkey, not made out of one), Brazilian Cheese Bread!  Never had it, but I'll have to try it!  Enjoy., The link title says it all.   I'm hungry already and this isn't helping.  Enjoy., Two new candybars have arrived just in time for Halloween...Dolfin's "Milk with Speculoos" and "Dark with Nougat". Can't wait to try these treats! And how many of you out there actually know what Speculoos are?!, Have you tried our new Weaver's Cheddar?  Made in Canada then aged in Pennsylvania.  Sharp, nutty, tangy and delicious.  Come try it today.  

Added bonus: Here's a recipe for some halloween cheddar crackers, BUTTER on the brain today! Guess it has something to do with the fact that we are in herb butter production mode here...cultured French butter and Jamaica Plain herbs combine to make a delicious addition to your pasta, fresh vegetables or a final zip of summer to your steak. Come on down and try a "cube!", Pitit Basque = a perfect pre-lunch snack, Cheese and Massachusetts go WAAAY back.  Did you know that our fine state was responsible for the grandest cheese present a US president has ever received?  Maybe it's time we recapture our past and make another Mammoth Cheese!, Sheer Brilliance!!!  Wedding cakes made of Cheese!, A look at Neal's Yard Dairy where we get some of our fine Brittish Cheeses., Cheddar fried squash!, Cheddar biscuits!, Check out these pictures from a Provolone factory in Italy!  Amazing, I would love to go and watch them go through all the steps., Check this out:  We were doing more research on the Black Cat Honey and Kathy found on their site this really interesting section on Honey Bees., Quadrello di Buffala: Buffalo milk taleggio.  Rich, creamy, salty and unbelieveable. Come get some!, The cheese of the day is Tomme Crayeuse.  This French cow's milk cheese is like a creamy cousin of the better known Tomme de Savoie.  Rich, salty, creamy and very very buttery - this cheese is pure deliciousness in dairy form.  Other cheese shops will charge over 30 dollars a pound for this cheese, (ridiculous), here at the BCC it's only $17.95.   Come on down and get a wedge and a fresh baked baguette from the Blue Frog Bakery in Jamaica Plain., I don't really like figs... but this picture looks too good to not try it., Cheese popovers! Oh my G-d.  I want them now.  With a little chutney .. maybe some bacon... and of course some extra cheese melted inside..mmmmmm., I'm snacking on a piece of Cabot Clothbound Cheddar.  It's a wonderful cheddar.. but it just makes me wish I had some Montgomery's cheddar - that is my all time favorite cheddar.  It has that extra bit of sharpness and slightly horseradishy/herbal flavor that those good english farmhouse cheddars have.  Come in and check it out.  It's worth its high price tag., Fried Cheese Curds... Mmmmmm., Cheese Bees!  And artisanal cheese crackers.  Totally delicious and fun.  A recipe with photos., What's
on my mind this morning? French onion soup. I've been thinking about
this stuff since I casually mentioned it at the cheese event at Kitchen Arts.  Rich,
sweet, savory onion goodness under a bed of croutons and a thick
blanket of melted gruyere. How could you say no?   

The soup crock is essential for finishing the soup and a
perfect presentation. The clay of the pot absorbs heat and then keeps
it in so that the soup stays hot till the last spoonful. And the
dimensions allow the perfect ratio of caramel colored soup to cheesy
goodness. 

The crocks with lids are $7.95 ea at Kitchen Arts; I might have to get myself
a set and start trying out new recipes tonight.    This recipe
was the second recipe up when I opened Tastespotting today. And so far
after reading through some others - it's my favorite, if only because
of the added bit of bacon, which I still believe to be one of the
greatest culinary inventions of all time., It was perhaps one of the greatest mistakes of Switzerland to allow Emmenthaler to be transformed into "Swiss Cheese", effectively bottlenecking the American knowledge of other Swiss cheeses.  Let's make it a mission to revive the name Emmenthaler and with that, raise up the overshadowed Swiss cheeses: Gruyere, Seelander, Appenzeller, Scharfe Maxx... the list goes on and on., Here's a link to our fantastic fondue recipe.  It's perfect weather for a big pot of fondue and a bottle of good wine.  Mmm, I want some more right now., Sunday the 24th we'll be doing an event at Kitchen Arts on Newbury St.  We'll show you how to make fondue and gougeres.  With wine and extra tasting cheeses.  Should be a good time.  3-6pm, hope you can make it., Homemade Parmesan Tuiles.  Simple, quick, delicious!  I want some right now to snack on., Being at my non-food job sure makes me hungry for cheese.  And right now nothing sounds better than this!, Gougeres; almost time for us to have them back at the Cellar, I can't wait.  Until then here's my rambling and recipe for the delicious litte cheese puffs., Event today!!  Artist reception for Monique Koepke including a Fondue tasting.  Should be a great time., Baked Camembert Pasta?!  That just sounds amazing.  Plus it's Jamie Oliver's recipe so it's gotta be good.  He's by far my favorite Celebrity Chef.  I'd go for the Maestri brand Cresti shape pasta - my favorite at the Cellar - maybe my favorite ever., PICTURES AND REVIEWS OF HOTSAUCES PAST AND PRESENT, I ordered hotsauce today.  Some redordering, a bunch of tasty looking new ones, and 2 very special collectors bottles perfect as a gift to your favorite chilihead.  Should be on the shelf in no more than 2 weeks., Just opened a new wheel of Seelander:  Unbelieveable!!  Daniel prefer's the finish to the start but I love the flavor of this cheese all the way through.  My #1 favorite as of yet.  Come in and get some.   My meal ideas: Tomato and Seelander sandwich (my choice of bread would be baguette or sourdough) Seelander Burger Seelander Omlette Seelander, a juice full-bodied red wine and some crusty bread., Didn't get a single minute to take pictures of anything on Saturday.  So busy.  Get in and try the Scharfe Maxx - this new wheel we just got in is amazing.  Also we've got a whole bunch of Montenebro which is an aged Spanish goat's milk cheese: crumbly, yet creamy with a great bite, this is definitely my favorite aged goat cheese., We're the Boston Groupon of the day.  Exciting!, Boston Cheese Cellar got runner up for "Best of Boston: Cheese Shop" this year.  Pretty great considering we're not even 3 years old yet.   Still short of my dream of Galactic Cheese Empire.  Some day..., At the Cellar we have events such special product samplings, wine and cheese  tastings in association with Solera wines, and you can even rent the store for private parties., I'm going to try to get some more pictures of cheeses up on here. What's everyone's favorite cheese?  Make your request and I'll try and get those pictures up first. If I can I'll get before and after pics of opening a wheel.  It's nice to see the starting product and then how it looks when it's sold., null, Delicious photos of delicious cheeses., Trying to upload more photos but for some reason it wont let me..., Some photos of the shop I found floating around the Internet., Much work to be done on this page but at least it exists.)