List(Thanks Eater Boston for checking in on our progress!, We can't believe the progress in just one week! #eastierising, We finished pouring the concrete slab today!  Looking forward to serving you on this floor soon!, null, We are excited to announce that work has begun on our future home! Thanks to all those who have supported our project, we wouldn't have gotten here without you! Please bear with us during construction, we hope to complete it as soon as possible!, null, null, Happy Eastie Pride Day! We hope to be open in time for next year's festivities!, null, Announcing a change of concept!  We will now be opening a Law & Order themed sushi restaurant called Raw & Order! #daandaan #eastie, The ZBA unanimously approved our zoning change!  Thank you to everyone that has supported our project!  We couldn't have done it without your support from the very beginning 11 months ago!  Thank you, thank you, thank you!  We can't wait to be a part of the neighborhood!  #eastie, Thanks to all those who have written letters in support of our project so far!  For all those who are still working on there letters, please get them in soon.  And for those who haven't written one yet and would like to, there's still time!  Message us and we will get you all the pertinent info!  

We are overwhelmed by the support we have received, from the Jeffries Point Neighborhood Association, the East Boston Chamber of Commerce, our Abutters, local elected officials and now from our Eastie letter writers!  Thank you so much, we can't wait to be a part of the neighborhood!, Just as the Cunard Line's Britannia need the help of the People of Boston in 1844, we need you help to open!  Will you write a letter to City Hall supporting our project?  Message us for more details!, We are heading up to the Zoning Board of Appeals on March 24th!  If you would like to write a letter supporting our project, please message us!, Our ribs were a big hit last night at the JPNA Fall Fling!, We are looking forward to tomorrow night's JPNA Fall Fling!, Thanks to all those who voted to support our project at last night's Jeffries Point Neighborhood Association Meeting!  We received over 80% of the vote and are overwhelmed by the backing! We look forward to being a part of this wonderful neighborhood!, Tonight's the night!  We are up for a vote at the Jeffries Point Neighborhood Association for our restaurant/yoga/residential project on site of Oscar's Woodworking!  We hope to win your support!  The meeting starts at 7 at the Jeffries Point Yacht Club!, We will be up for a vote before the Jeffries Point Neighborhood Association next Tuesday night, October 14th at 7:00 PM at the Jeffries Point Yacht Club!, Don't forget!  We are presenting before the Jeffries Point Neighborhood Association tonight at 7:00PM at the Jeffries Point Yacht Club!, Over 300 likes in just a few days!  What a great response!  We are presenting to the Jeffries Point Neighborhood Association Planning & Zoning Subcommittee on Wednesday night.  If you support our project, please come to the JP Yacht Club at 7!, null, null)