List(We were going to make an April Fool's post about taking the home fries off the menu, but we'd never put you through that., We love hearing about your experience! Thanks, Susie D., for leaving us this wonderful review: http://yelp.com/biz/X6aH_miGeRWrcNXhuKnbYA#hrid:aNNOj_3iI3PthkQCPrZsuA, The stuff of dreams., We miss you! How long has it been since your last visit, hmm?, These tacos deserve a standing ovation., You bring the smarts, we'll bring the fun., Last week to vote, Brookline! Head over to this link to help us out: http://bit.ly/24MO1Hq, Start your day the freshly squeezed way!, Are you in the Twitterverse? Follow us @BrothersBoston:

http://twitter.com/BrothersBoston, null, It's easier than you think -- just tell a friend about our place., Top o' the morning to ya, Brookline! Hope we'll be lucky enough to see you today., null, Hey, you., A breakfast you can trust., Much like the perfect Insta shot, a vote for us is only a click away: http://bit.ly/24MO1Hq  

(Special shoutout to @the_flintstone for the pic!), null, null, Dating tip: ask her out for breakfast., Shout out to Alex B. for leaving us a review on Yelp. Check out what they had to say: http://yelp.com/biz/X6aH_miGeRWrcNXhuKnbYA#hrid:0N7TF9r64xCe32JkWlSNgw, What a world! Once every four years, the universe gives us a whole extra day to eat even more pancakes!, We love hearing your input. Let us know your feedback by responding here!, When the music's great and the food is delicious, life is good., You might consider us a gallery of sorts., Time to bust out those ugly sweaters, Brookline. See you this Sunday!, Take your party to the next level., Tweet much? Thought so. Follow us @BrothersBoston:

http://twitter.com/BrothersBoston, Love is all you need! Well, that and breakfast., Weekend mode: activated! See you soon?, Baby, you're the steak to my eggs!, Friday -- music to our ears., He's all set for Valentine's Day. Are you?, Add a hint of jazz to your Valentine's Day., Just a heads up -- due to snow, Mariachi Night is going from 7-10 PM tonight!, Scientists have yet to determine what dreams are made of, but we're pretty sure it has something to do with brunch., Héctor F Medina spoke up on Google+, and we sure appreciate it! Check it out: https://plus.google.com/113819270256668206094/, In honor of the holiday and upcoming Spring, we must ask. If you had to eat just one of our menu items over and over every day, which would you choose?, What makes you a fan of what we do? We'd love to hear it in your words!, Just a friendly reminder that Valentine's Day is right around the corner! And short ribs are awfully romantic., We've got your Friday night plans right here., It's National Breakfast Week! Let's get down to business., Wish you could retweet one of our posts? Well, you can! Follow us on Twitter:

http://twitter.com/BrothersBoston, null, If tonight's Mariachi Night won't get you dancing, these lunch specials sure will., It's a truly magical day. Won't you share it with us?, Do you always order the same dish when you come in, or do you prefer to spice things up with each visit?, Thanks to everyone who came out for our Mariachi Night last Friday!, Ingredients: 1 couch, 1 set of PJs, 1 season of your favorite show., Sweet dreams are made of cheese., Fridays will never be the same., The world is your oyster., null, We're here to make your heart smile., We're always happy to hear from you. Huge thanks to Lauren E. for making our day! http://yelp.com/biz/X6aH_miGeRWrcNXhuKnbYA#hrid:lHHMtvPlErcPD-qIzECveg, The weather demands it., null, What would you say about us in 10 words or less?, May it be filled with good people and good times!, Prime rib with  mashed potato grilled asparagus  and au jus, null, Why not kick off the new year with some good food?, Grilled swordfish  with roaster pepper cream sauce fingerling potato and mixed vegetables, You don't want to look back on 2015 and think, "I wish I'd eaten more pancakes." Do you?, On Twitter? So are we! #sayhello

http://twitter.com/BrothersBoston, Happy Holidays from our table to yours!, Plan your NYE with just one click. http://bit.ly/1Pl6VyK, Okay, let's be honest here. Are you more excited for presents or food?, If you can't see that this is going to be a beautiful holiday season, then maybe you need glasses., Spaghetti. With chicken with shallot, sweet peas in a plum tomato sauce, null, Here's to a delicious start to 2016!, Everyone wants to hear those three little words...

"Brothers for dinner?", Appetizers -- because you've got to eat before you eat!, This is how your guests will feel if you don't call us to cater your holiday party., We love hearing about your experience! Thanks, Michael P., for leaving us this wonderful review: http://yelp.com/biz/X6aH_miGeRWrcNXhuKnbYA#hrid:UlnUJUqXa2DHBEc0JBAY8g, What would you say about us in 10 words or less?, null, Look, we're not gonna sugarcoat this -- okay, fine., Never look at your glass as half empty; look at it as halfway to your next drink., Follow us on Twitter! We love talking to our fans, and we want to hear what you think on Twitter, too:

http://twitter.com/BrothersBoston, And we could never do it without you -- forever grateful for all of your support!, null, Happy Thanksgiving! May it be stuffed with love!, Thanksgiving is so close, we can almost taste it!, Feast your eyes on this menu... and then just feast., A lot of things change, but sharing a great meal with loved ones never will., Start your day the delicious way., Pumpkin and spice and everything nice., We just told him that he's having our pasta for dinner., Big "thank you" goes out to Robert F. for the shining Yelp review! Check it out! http://yelp.com/biz/X6aH_miGeRWrcNXhuKnbYA#hrid:ChOGuA-KYPEY98ZshGNxRA, Thanks to all those who have served!, The question you should be asking yourself this Thanksgiving: Why cook if we can do it for you?, What makes you a fan of what we do? We'd love to hear it in your words!, If at first you don't succeed, accept your fate and go out to brunch., Feast your eyes! Take a peek at today's breakfast and lunch specials., This is how we do dinner in #Brookline., Don't miss a beat — or a tweet! Follow us:

http://twitter.com/BrothersBoston, Happy Halloween to all our fans!, Let's make this Thursday a little more interesting -- wear your Halloween costumes and join us this evening!, Scary good., Pumpkin cappuccinos have arrived! We're happy to offer this seasonal essential as part of our new menu., Nature -- the best grocery store., It's sure to be a scary good time!, Picking the perfect drink is an art., null, Small business, big picture -- thanks for your support!, Hot food, cool jazz. Swing on by this Saturday night., Thanks, Jewel C., for the 5-star review! We love hearing from you: http://yelp.com/biz/X6aH_miGeRWrcNXhuKnbYA#hrid:pfQS6lDPmIkOP2pUQRAtaw, When you go out to eat, are you more likely to order an appetizer or a dessert?, null, What would you say about us in 10 words or less?, null, You made it!, Make us your haunt this year! http://bit.ly/1JT9oZs, You miss 100% of the bites you don't take., Don't miss a beat — or a tweet! Follow us:

http://twitter.com/BrothersBoston, It's brunch time! Are you on your way yet?, Braises lamb shank
With pancetta -Brussels sprouts risotto, Fess up! How many of you are overdue for a date night at our place?, It's Thursday, and that means we've got Tracy Clark performing from 7-9 PM. Treat yourself to a night out and dance with us., null, Bottoms up, Brookline!, Dinner and a song -- consider us your official sponsors of date night., Today is World Gratitude Day, so we'd like to take a moment to thank all of our fans for being such a wonderfully supportive community!, null, Double trouble!, Come in and enjoy with us ... it is time to pause and   remember  the tracy clark trío. .. hurry make your reservation. ... we have delicious food and full bar avaible. ... dont miss it!, null, Dana J. had a great experience with us. Feel free to let us know what you think! http://yelp.com/biz/X6aH_miGeRWrcNXhuKnbYA#hrid:PxRrauRKrBFSKoL4w4PIKA, Don't move -- we've got you covered!
Order online here: http://bit.ly/1Ko4KYr, Simple as that., United we stand -- today and every day., We have just the thing to perk up your Thursday night -- see you at the show!, null, Our idea of a perfect Saturday night: food, friends, and song. Stop by for a bit of all three., Time to kick back and relax!, Wish you could retweet one of our posts? Well, you can! Follow us on Twitter:

http://twitter.com/BrothersBoston, Three day weekend! Will you be relaxing at home or venturing out for one last summer road trip?, Life of the party., Jazz it up! Catch our live music every Saturday night from 7 - 9 PM., Cute couple spotted on the patio., Saturday night at Brothers is calling your name., The competition turns fierce when the last bite of the appetizer is at stake., When the trays arrive, the party begins. Check out our catering options here: http://bit.ly/1NfEVZG, Psst! Did you know that we offer half-price appetizers from 3-6 PM? Stop in and treat yourself -- we promise we won't tell., Pan seared scallops , Caribbean coconut rice and asparagus !!!, Not all heroes wear capes., Peter Z. took a trip to Yelp and had some great things to say about us! Thanks, Peter Z.! http://yelp.com/biz/X6aH_miGeRWrcNXhuKnbYA#hrid:BMv2DmGHMB6IEL2KqV2OLA, It's a night of siblings! Join Brothers Restaurant for music by the Winiker brothers August 29th., Stay up to date in a News Feed that's constantly evolving!, Got a second? Keep us in the loop, and let us know how we're doing., "Oh, darling -- this is the happiest moment of my life! Except for the time we went to Brothers.", null, The road to happiness is paved with pancakes., Have you tried your hand at Trivia Night? You could walk away with a gift certificate or a bottle of wine! The fun starts tonight at 7 PM., We want to talk to you on Twitter, too! Follow us:

http://twitter.com/BrothersBoston, null, When everyone wants a bite of what you ordered., There's no use crying over spilt milk. 

Tearing up after spilling a bite of our food, on the other hand..., Every artist needs a canvas. This is ours., Just in case you needed an extra excuse to come hang out with us., Life is sweet., Going in for the first bite., We're always happy to hear from you. Huge thanks to Andrea M. for making our day! http://yelp.com/biz/X6aH_miGeRWrcNXhuKnbYA#hrid:ccawsDPBa7y3F_QWSUoKCQ, Great prizes and eternal bragging rights? Our trivia night is something you won't want to miss., We're so glad you "Like" us! Tell us why, and we may publish it on our feed!, null, null, Let's unwind, shall we?, Whoever said money can't buy happiness has clearly never tried our tacos., On Twitter? So are we! #sayhello

http://twitter.com/BrothersBoston, Before and after your food arrives., Five dollars. Five days. One little word: perfection., Which three European countries begin with the letter A? If you know the answer, you belong at trivia night. See you there!, Don't gnocchi it 'til you try it., null, We're putting the "app" back into "Happy Hour.", Happy Independence Day!, Whoever said money can't buy happiness clearly never tried these scallops., Time to dust off those books. Where are you thinking tomorrow night?, Pickin' up good vibrations from this stuffed fig., null, Have you ever seen anything so beautiful?, Heather G. had a great experience with us. Feel free to let us know what you think! http://yelp.com/biz/X6aH_miGeRWrcNXhuKnbYA#hrid:LxDsk2eheqEXTW8SENSRbg, Summer in Brookline isn't complete without _____., Have a big event coming up? We'd love to help you celebrate! Check it out: http://bit.ly/1NfEVZG, What makes you a fan of what we do? We'd love to hear it in your words!, Wishing the best to all the dads out there!, null, You didn't really need an excuse to stop by, but here's one anyway., 'Like' this post if you prefer Twitter, or 'Share' it if you prefer Facebook. Either way, follow us on Twitter @BrothersBoston!

http://twitter.com/BrothersBoston, Great things come in pairs., We've compiled a list of everything we love more than Pasta Night:, White is also acceptable., When you finally decide on Brothers for brunch., A little less conversation, a little more breakfast please., Today, we remember. And we're thankful., How are we doing? Give us your input here!, Almost too beautiful to eat. Almost., Home sweet home., We'll make you a guest at your own party! We now offer private events, catering services, graduation parties, and more.

To discuss budget accommodations and request more information, please contact us at:
info@brothers-restaurant.com, We want to talk to you on Twitter, too! Follow us:

http://twitter.com/BrothersBoston, We hit 200 fans! Thanks for helping us get here. Let's keep it going!, Almost too beautiful to eat. Almost., Who will you never hesitate to share your food with?, Warm wishes from our family to yours!, Voilà -- your dish wish has come true!, "Perfect" has seven letters. So does "pancake." Coincidence? We think not., True or true: The only way a meal at our place can be better is if you're playing trivia, too. Join us tomorrow for Trivia Night!, Today's specials:
Thai chicken lettuce wraps,
Napa cabbage,snow peas, peppers, onions, cilantro , tossed In a  sesame ginger vinaigrette!!, Flexing our mussels for the camera., Nothing puts a smile on our face like seeing these smiling faces., When you go to take one more bite and realize you ate it all., null, Tastes even better than it looks., You 'like' us on Facebook, but you'll love us on Twitter. Follow us @BrothersBoston:

http://twitter.com/BrothersBoston, Save you a seat?, Pretty please, Spring? We miss you!, "Look, honey, there's Brothers!", Great things come in pairs., Classic battle: Do you like your bacon chewy or crispy?, Balanced breakfast., Get your trivia on! http://on.fb.me/1BQp7Vb, "Perfect" has seven letters. So does "risotto." Coincidence? We think not., Make a wish! If you could have one of our menu items appear in front of you right now, which one would it be?, You survived winter -- you should Spring for dessert., If this is what they mean by "going green," we're all for it., Who needs luck? We've got the best customers around, and that's better than any pot of gold!, It's about that time., All that's missing is you!, You're just too good to be true... I can't take my eyes off of you..., Party on the plate! You're all invited., If you could share a meal at our place with one fictional character, who would it be?, The cure for the winter blues? Pasta. Warm up with our Italian night every Monday night!, What were your dinner plans again?, Cheers to you, Brookline! We couldn't have asked to be part of a better community. Thanks for the warm welcome., Italian night is every Monday pasta night @ Brothers Restaurant!
Hello there! Pasta night at Brothers Restaurant, your heard right , every Monday will be loaded with delicious pastas.

Brothers Restaurant would  like to invite you to join us and try our delicious homemade pastas, delicious cocktails and much more! Come and taste for your selves the house specialties .

http://conta.cc/1AvX2oS, Good morning everyone !!
Come  today and enjoy our specials, Good morning!!! Come and enjoy our specials along with delicious drinks (hot Kioke Coffe with kahlua brandy whipped and coco powder), Let Brothers Restaurant give you an unforgettable  Valentine's Day!! http://conta.cc/1DyRIn9, null, null, null, Super bowl Sunday @ Brothers restaurant!!, Super Bowl Specials!!!
Come and watch the super bowl at Brothers restaurant!! Enjoy our house  spicy curry lime sauce, bbq and buffalo sauce with your 50 cent wings and half price nachos. Also pick one flat bread pizza get the second one half off.( Flat bread pizza available for take out also!!!), Ready for Valentine's Day ? 
Brothers Restaurant is !! Take a look at our 
Valentine 's Day menu.., https://www.facebook.com/nanita.sepulveda/posts/10204837869798964, Our delicious Fish tacos,
Turkey Blt and Chocolate creme brûlée!!!!, Our Delicious Breakfast!!, null)