List(The rain won't stop us! Brewery tours today and tomorrow starting at 1pm., Golf polo and track jacket lovers come forth! Two very cool new items in stock in the merch store now., Are you ready for St. Patrick's Day? We are! 

Dry Irish Stout and a traditional corned beef and cabbage dinner are on at the Brewers Table starting today., null, New shirts in stock..come and get 'em!, Your beer is ready for you. #ThirstyThursday, null, Don't forget to get your passport stamped when you're here! #drinklocalma, null, Friday is here and the beer is flowing. Come enjoy a pint with us!, null, Snow days are the best days to curl up with a beer! We open at 11am for lunch., Have you tried our Thanksgiving Egg Rolls yet?, "The Rachel" is tasting mighty fine for lunch!, Today is the day we open for lunch! Come say hi to our staff, have a beer and enjoy our lunch selections. #sandwiches #burgers & #beers oh my!, Stickers now available in the merch store!, Menu items are subject to change, but here's what we're planning to have available for food this weekend!, Ipswich "iBelge" Farmhouse Ale is just one of the limited release beers available on tap at the restaurant right now!

Featuring Sorachi and Mandarina hops, this light bodied Belgian-inspired ale pairs wonderfully with almost anything on the menu. 4.8% ABV, Opening a restaurant has been a whirlwind experience, and our sincerest thanks go out to everyone who has joined us for dinner in the past week.
 
We've been having so much fun, and you've eaten so much food, that we simply can't open for lunch today as originally planned.   

Come join us for dinner and beers starting at 4PM any day this week.

We'll be ready to start serving lunch sometime within the next few days.

Stay tuned!, The fun continues at 4PM tonight! Come try our Pastrami Smoked Salmon "Nigiri" appetizer., Let's make this Monday awesome! Join us this evening at the Ipswich Ale Brewer's Table for a beer and some grub! Doors open at 4PM. #HappyNewYear, null)