List(null, null, null, null, When writing letters to emotional vampires, mirrors become windows., Route 1 is beautiful this time of year.  I know some people who prefer Newburyport.  They choose not to live with the ghosts of our past.  In Ipswich., So we beat on.  Boats against the current.  Borne back ceaselessly into the past., null, null, null, her: really? why?
1:20 AM 
me: because i have other things to attend to
her: such as?
me: i'm a butcher.
her: and why would that prevent you from taking pictures?
1:21 AM 
me: it takes alot of time. everything...takes time.
her: well that's certainly one way of doing it
me: im a baker.
her: want to video chat?
1:23 AM 
me: na, this is good
her: all right
it does sound like you have quite a bit going on
a butcher and a baker
how ironic that you turn out to be a butcher
me: 
1:24 AM 
butchering is very tao
not what many people think of it as
its not violent
1:25 AM 
her: you don't think there is something inherently violent about cutting up a dead body?
1:26 AM 
i have a slightly new hairdo, want to see?
1:27 AM 
me: that is ... a generalization. i follow natural seams in the body and treat the animal with alot of care and attention. I follow the routes of bone and use nothing but the tip of a knife and my hands.
her: that's awful poetic there, jakey
1:29 AM 
me: am i milo?
her: no, you aren't
me: is mike milo?
her: yes, he is
1:31 AM 
me: im going to bed, goodnite
her: good night then, http://www.timeout.com/boston/restaurants/ipswich-custom, https://www.zagat.com/r/ipswich-custom-boston, Go pick up an artist print for you and yours.  Hang out with the incomparable Ludlow and make witty and charming conversation., A legend claims that when Bodhidharma came to Japan, he met with Prince Shōtoku whilst under the guise of a starving beggar. The Prince asked the beggar to identify himself, but the man did not reply. Instead of going ahead, Shōtoku gave him food, drink, and covered him with his purple garment, telling him to "lie in peace". The Prince then sang for the starving man.

Alas! For The wayfarer lying And hungered for rice On the hill of Kataoka (The sunshiny) Art thou become Parentless? Hast thou no lord Flourishing as a bamboo? Alas! For The wayfarer lying And hungered for rice!

The second day, the Prince sent a messenger to the starving man, but he was already dead. Hereupon, Shōtoku was greatly grieved and ordered his burial. Shōtoku later thought the man was no ordinary man for sure, and sending another messenger, discovered the earth had not been disturbed. On opening the tomb there was no body inside, and the Prince's purple garment lay folded on the coffin. The Prince then sent another messenger to claim the garment, and he continued to wear it just as before. Struck by awe, the people praised the Prince "How true it is that a sage knoweth a sage." This legend is linked with the temple of Daruma-dera in Ōji, Nara, where a stone stupa was found underground, which is exceedingly rare., null, null, Everything will work out, Elm.  You'll see., null, Menu 2015.10.27, https://www.bostonglobe.com/lifestyle/food-dining/2015/10/13/ipswich-custom-opens-south-end/Lfya3LNYudBMVU6wiwxjwJ/story.html, null, null, null, null, null)