List(null, null, This feels like Christmas in Los Angeles!
Merry Christmas everybody, Our Christmas and new year hours thank you so much for your business we appreciate it, It's that time of year again.  have your child come in and initial a pumpkin and come back on Halloween or the day before and take it with them for free so they can use it for a trick-or-treat basket, We're going to offer an assortment of fresh fruit I hope it's a welcome addition for our valued customers, null, Best lemonade ice tea in the city in my humble opinion. :), Roses work at Wells beach Mane., Aleks makes a perfect cinnamon hazelnut special for a happy customer. By the way my customers have noticed the air-conditioning has not been up to par lately sorry. it's finally fixed! Yeah,  come cool off., null, Thank you for decorating Rose you did a great job!!!, July 4 and fifth special hours will be as follows Saturday, July 4 8 AM till 1 PM Sunday, July 5 9 AM till 1 PM sorry for any inconvenience and have a great safe holiday weekend God bless America., We will be open 8 AM till 5 PM tomorrow special hours for the holiday remember your veterans have a great weekend, null, We are baking all of our muffins on site and our customers are loving them they are really good, We have a few new specialty coffees this one is banana split Sundae., null, The girls are in The spirit as usual., Summer is just around the corner. We just made our first frozen lemon aid iced tea in a long time!, It feels like I'm in Florida drinking this fresh all natural grapefruit juice at the sugar bowl. it's so good!, All that snow and we never close ! we appreciate our customers thank you for sticking by us through all of this mess and bring it just around the corner, Yes we will be open thanks to Lulu so make your way up and say hello and get in out of the snow thank you. -Joe, Very merry Christmas everyone and thank you for your loyalty we really appreciated everyone have a great holiday season-Joe, null, null, null, The turkey stuffer sandwiches back!
it took a break so you all could eat your own turkey from Thanksgiving it's awesome I had this one tonight you will love it and as always thank you for your business we appreciate it – Joe, 7-12 noon this Thursday and observance of Thanksgiving
And because we appreciate our customer base and do not deprive you of the best coffee in Boston have a great thanks giving. -Joe, null, Hi folks there's a new parking sign just in front of the shop only the first spot on Dorchester Avenue is now 15 minute parking and it will be enforced so if you need to come quick the first spot outside my door 15 minutes the rest of them on dot av are still 2 hour hopefully this is not an inconvenience for you. -Joe, null, Vote for The best coffeehouse in Dorchester! At

http://dotrat.com/2014/10/22/best-coffee-in-dot/, The guy in the middle is not a baker he's way too tall. Must be from one of the big Boston family, Tonight we will be closing at 8:00 PM so everyone can have a chance to go see the fireworks tomorrow Fourth of July AM we were open at 8 AM and close at 8 PM thank you, Yeah now open till 10 pm. on weekdays and 8 pm. on weekends thank you so much for your business, Please come and see us outside the sugar bowl tomorrow immediately following the Dorchester day parade will be having a huge block party and filling that section of dorchester ave with  tons of kids activities music for the grownups and all kinds of good stuff!
see you then, Yeah easing in to our summer hours so for the nice warm Saturday afternoon we will stay open an extra hour and be here till six tonight, The Italian trio will be back this Sunday Mother's Day 10 AM performing guitar violin and vocals come check them out, Do you like the final touch on the new side walk?, Veronica
Alessandra
Carmela
Musicians and Musicology students 
From Palermo, Sicily, Italy 
Classic violin, jazz guitar and jazz singer
Performing jazz, blues and italian songs
Will be performing at the Sugar Bowl Next Saturday 26 April at 10am please spread the word !, Hi folks. Despite all this we are still open you may just need to use the side door. Thank you, Julia created a cool little Easter bunny today. The talent is unmatched up here at the shugarbowl., A bit of spring at the Sugarbowl. Art work by Julia., null, Long time friends Jack Baker and Ray Flynn have a coffee and have a coffee at the Sugarbowl., Our New Years hours. Everyone stay safe and have fun. Thank you all for a great year -Joe, So were open limited hours the next few

Tuesday 6 am- 3 pm
Christmas 8 am- 12 noon
Thursday. 8 am- 3 pm

Thank you all and merry Christmas - Joe, Hi folks were going to be open from 8am till 12 noon on Thanks giving. We appreciate our customers and want them to have the option for the best coffee in town. Happy T day-Joe, Sorry I forgot to write we are collecting the toys at the Sugarbowl cafe. Thank you-Joe, null, Drop something off if you can, 8am to 8pm tomorrow Monday nov 11th in honor of Veterans Day., Well I like it and it seems like most of you do too. Than you again for your honesty and your continued loyalty and patronage. -Joe, Our young customers loved this last year your welcome to have your children pick a pumpkin we have markers at the counter they write their name on the one they want and come take it on the 31st for trick or treating., Ok. Be honest who likes the new color and who hates it?, PUMPKIN SPICE IS BACK!, It's here our opening times stay the same but well close at 8 pm on week days and 5 pm on weekends. Sorry for any inconvenience., Our fall hours are here. Saturday 8am - 5 pm
Sunday  9am- 5pm

Weekdays will change soon. 
Id like to sayThank you to all our loyal customers and great employees for a great summer 
-Joe., We're open from 8am-2pm for Labor Day., null, Looking for our next super star team member. like our page and message me, Should be a lot of fun come on up, Another original chalk work by Julia :), Ron Della Chiesa and Brandon Wahlberg, The famous Brett brothers + Ron Della Chiesa are here celebrating Frank Sinatra's birthday! Listen to him on WPLM 99.1 FM!!, null, null, null, null, null, null, Were  looking for our next super employee so if you think you can offer something great to our awesome team let me know.)