List(Please join us and our CEO tonight for a night out for good at Loretta's Last Call!, We'll see you there tonight! #TOSE16, We'll have the game on our TV's in the bar tonight - make sure you're there, you won't want to miss out! #bruins #gameday, We will be opening our bar at 5PM on Thanksgiving, with our bar menu available. We hope to see you then!

Both our sister restaurants Stephanie's On Newbury and Stephi's in Southie will be open at 12 PM, serving tradtional Thanksgiving dinner. Head over to their pages for more details., Thank you to all those that have served and are currently serving, protecting our safety and freedom. Happy Veterans Day., It’s almost the holiday weekend.  Brady is free and clear and our patio is open. That about covers everything. Come and toast the good news with a cocktail pitcher or two!, It’s Sunday Funday and the perfect time to check out this single from the Houston Bernard Band. Support our friends with a donation to their Kickstarter campaign and get their new song to the top of the charts! 

https://www.kickstarter.com/projects/1092894230/home-is-in-your-arms-houston-bernard-bands-new-sin, We're so excited for our friends the Houston Bernard Band as they get ready to launch their first single, "Home is in Your Arms."  Your donation to their Kickstarter campaign could get this single to the top of the charts.  Please help in any way you can!  

https://www.kickstarter.com/projects/1092894230/home-is-in-your-arms-houston-bernard-bands-new-sin, It's National Relaxation Day!  The best way to relax and unwind on a perfect summer weekend?  With a loaded Lobster Roll, of course!, null, Are the dog days of summer upon us already?  Everyone is loving this amazing summer patio weather!, Brunch, lunch or dinner on the patio today??  Patio dining at its best in the South End!, It's patio time!, Relax and enjoy today's amazing weather on our South End patio with one of these!  Yes, please!, What a gorgeous day in the South End and the perfect patio night ahead.  Thanks @BosGuy for the beautiful image of our stunning neighborhood!, An evening like this calls for this week's cocktail special: La Fresita. Strawberry and basil infused tequila, Elderflower liquor and lime juice topped with Cava Rosé.  A chilled, refreshing summertime treat!, Brunch is on.  Enjoy our Arepa Con Chorizo: Colombian corn cake, grilled chorizo sausage, two sunny side eggs and pico. Pair it with an executive Mimosa!, Today's big decision??  White or red sangria on the patio?  Whatever you decide, it's a stunning day for al fresco cocktailing!, Tonight's special is a peppercorn crusted tuna steak with seasonal vegetables and chive aioli.  It's refreshingly light!, This week's cocktail special is The Crown Jewel made with Crown Royal Apple, cranberry juice, lime juice and a splash, a big splash, of champagne!  Enjoy one of these on our patio or at the bar!, Happy Boston Pride to all our friends and neighbors in the South End.  #wickedproud to be in the heart of it all today.  Enjoy the festivities!, Our Robert Kacher Selections Wine Dinner is less than a week away.  There are still tickets to be had and for every ticket purchased, a donation to provide 15 meals will be made to The Greater Boston Food Bank.  Will be a great evening for a very worthy cause.  Buy tickets today here: http://bit.ly/stephiswinedinner, Looking at the menu for our Robert Kacher Selections Wine Dinner on Tuesday, June 9th at Stephi's to benefit The Greater Boston Food Bank.  Feeling excited!  Buy tickets today here: http://bit.ly/stephiswinedinner, Chilling on the patio with a pitcher of Tito’s handmade vodka, lemonade and fresh watermelon.  A refreshing way to stay cool on this perfect patio day!, Excited to be hosting a Robert Kacher Selections Wine Dinner on Tuesday, June 9th here at Stephi's on Tremont to benefit The Greater Boston Food Bank.  Details about the wines, four-course menu and tickets here:
http://bit.ly/stephiswinedinner, While we welcome the long weekend, we're much more grateful for all the men and women who have served in the U.S. armed forces.   Today, we remember them.  And thank them., If you're sticking around Boston for the upcoming Memorial Day weekend, join us for brunch on Saturday, Sunday or Monday from 10am - 3pm. We're brunching all weekend long! If you're traveling for the long weekend, safe travels to all!, Saturday Bloody Mary Saturday!  Come build one with us!, #HappyMothersDay to all the amazing Moms and those we love like Mothers out there!, Exciting news!  We'll be showing the big fight tomorrow night!  Watch the Mayweather vs. Pacquiao fight on a large screen projection TV here at Stephi's.  $25.00 tickets being sold.  Call (617) 236-2063 to purchase tix in advance., Good luck runners!  Good luck Sox!  And to those watching both, enjoy your Marathon Monday.  What a great day here in Boston!, Marathon Weekend Brunch is on! The sun is shining, the patio is open and we're doing brunch all weekend and on Marathon Monday too., Today we mark the second anniversary of the 2013 Boston Marathon bombings.  Those whose lives were forever changed remain in our thoughts, along with those who responded fearlessly to help others. We remember and will never forget.  Mayor Walsh has also declared today "One Boston Day," a new tradition meant to honor the city's resilience and spread goodwill.  Pay it forward with random acts of kindness throughout the day.  #OneBostonDay
http://www.usatoday.com/story/news/nation/2015/04/14/boston-marathon-bombing-anniversary/25780275/, The Sox Home Opener is underway at Fenway Park today as the Sox take on the Washington Nationals. Grab a seat at the bar and catch the action live. Go Sox! Welcome back to Fenway!, Sunshine on my shoulders makes me happy....., We're set and ready to go!  Welcome to our first patio guests of the season. It's great to have you and springtime back!, Weekend weather forecast is calling for lots of sunshine.  You know what that means?!?  We're ALL excited for the return of patio season!, Look what arrived today!  Patio season returns to the South End!, Happy Easter to all of our South End peeps and beyond!  Brunch is being served today until 3pm with a variety of Easter specials like these Easter Peepcakes!, At Easter brunch tomorrow, pair one of our famous Bloody Marys with an asparagus, caramelized onion and swiss omelette special.  Easter brunch is being served from 10am - 3pm., Thanks Marian White and BostInno for recommending our Easter brunch as one of the best brunches coming right up in Boston.  Join us tomorrow, Sunday, from 10am - 3pm.

http://bostinno.streetwise.co/2015/04/02/boston-events-easter-events-and-brunches-in-boston/, Perfect brunch weather is here!  Brunch today and do it all over again tomorrow with family and friends.  Easter brunch being served Sunday from 10am - 3pm., Friday night clubbing!  Our signature sirloin burger becomes a club when it's topped with melted cheddar and smoky bacon, served triple-decker style on toasted multigrain with lettuce and tomato., California dreaming today.  Chef's delicious California burger is topped with blue cheese crumbles, crispy bacon, avocado and fried egg and served with French fries.  Pair with a California wine and make it a Cali lunch or dinner., In honor of #StPatricksDay, Irish fare and specialty cocktails are being served all day today. May the luck of the Irish be yours today and everyday!, Our Bloody Mary's are going green for St. Patrick's Day.  Join us for brunch before or after today's parade in Southie, or celebrate with us in the South End!, Top o' the morning to you all! #StPatricksDay weekend is upon us! The celebration kicks off today with a traditional Irish Breakfast, Stephi's style and Irish coffee, of course!, Getting ready for #StPatricksDay weekend with traditional Irish fare and specialty cocktails served Saturday through next Tuesday., Fun times at tonight's Taste of the South End!  If you're here supporting the AIDS Action Committee, please stop by and say hello!, Serving up Smokey Bacon Macaroni and Cheese at tonight's Taste of the South End.  So happy to be with our great neighbors to support @TasteSouthEnd & AIDS Action Committee. #TOSE15, Please join us at the Taste of the South End tomorrow! Drop your business card off at our host stand for a chance to win 2 VIP tickets, or purchase tickets online. :http://ow.ly/JPQUo, Chef's specials this evening: a 6oz. filet with a cumin and brown sugar rub with parmesan risotto, grilled asparagus, demi-glacé and fried onion strings.  And for dessert?  Chocolate muffin with homemade espresso ice cream, chocolate cherry Baileys, topped with shaved chocolate and a cherry., Time to #DigOutDineOut Boston!  Stephi's on Tremont is offering 
$10.00 Comfort Food Entrees: Our famous Meatloaf (yum!), Macaroni and Cheese, Shepherd's Pie and our open-faced Thanksgiving sandwich now through March 1st. Happy to band together with our fellow restauranteurs to beat down this snow!, According to Zagat.com our Irish Beef Stew is one to help you survive the worst winter ever.  Come enjoy a hearty bowl!
https://www.zagat.com/b/boston/7-winter-stews-to-help-you-survive-the-worst-winter-ever, We're #OpeninBos for brunch and dinner today.  As the snow winds down, join us for a Bloody and Eggs Bennie for brunch.  Be safe friends., Romance Triumphs! We are #OpenInBos tonight! #BOSnow http://ow.ly/i/8Ec9A, Snow will never stop romance from happening in the South End! Valentine's Day is still on!  We're ready to kick-off a weekend of romance tomorrow night here at Stephi's.  Check out our Valentine's menu here.  Dinner and brunch will be served all weekend long!, Be safe neighbors!  Stop by and warm up with one of our favorite winter drinks after shoveling.  We're open today for lunch, dinner and cocktails!, It's Game Day Boston!  After brunch ends today, bring on the Super Bowl. Catch all the action live at our bar while enjoying our new bar menu while cheering on the New England Patriots to victory over Seattle!, So long Juno!  It's time to focus on something bigger like Sunday's BIG GAME.  Watch Super Bowl 49 live at our bar while enjoying our new bar menu!  Go Pats!, We're digging you a path so you can walk safely over.  Neighbors, be safe as you begin venturing out into the snow today!, As you start to venture out into the snow, be safe everyone!  We are open today.  Stop by for a light bite or cocktail in between shoveling. Special thanks to our amazing staff who stayed in town last night or walked to work today.  You rock!  Safe travels all!, We can already feel a Pats win coming on! The Indianapolis Colts and New England Patriots square off at Gillette Stadium in today's 2015 AFC Championship Game. Catch all the action from our bar while enjoying our new bar bites like our Nachos or Loaded Potato Skins., Always a fun time with Billy Costa and our Dining Playbook friends!!, The big game is on at the bar!  Go Pats!  Bring on an AFC Divisional Championship win today!, Hey Saturday.  Glad you're back so quickly!  Brunch and Eggs Benedict now. Pats game on at the bar later on. It's going to be a great day!, What's keeping us warm these days? Huddling up at the bar at Stephi's as the Pats take on the Ravens in the AFC Divisional Championship game this Saturday at 4:35pm. Go Pats!, RENOVATION UPDATE FOR OUR NEWBURY STREET RESTAURANT:

We’re excited to share that today we begin renovations to Stephanie’s on Newbury in Boston's Back Bay.

We’ve been in that landmark location for twenty years and we look forward to being there for another twenty more!

We’ll debut our new look there in the early Spring and promise you that while our appearance will be fresh and new, our classic comfort food favorites will remain the same.

While we renovate our Newbury Street restaurant, please visit us for lunch, dinner and brunch here at Stephi’s on Tremont if you’re craving our sophisticated comfort food.

Warmest regards,
Stephanie Sokolove and the team at Stephanie's on Newbury, The countdown to 2015 is on. See you tonight for New Year's Eve dinner specials and signature cocktails at Tremont. And New Year's Day brunch tomorrow, Fri, Sat & Sun! Happy New Year to all!, 'Tis the season to Brunch!  We're looking forward to serving Brunch on December 26, 27 and 28, and on January 1, 2, 3 and 4.  Enjoy the holidays with family and friends and then come Brunch with us again and again from 10am - 3pm., As we celebrate our first Thanksgiving in twenty years on Newbury Street, we pause for a moment to say Happy Thanksgiving to all of our guests, friends, family and amazing staff.  On behalf of Stephanie Sokolove, we thank you all., Classic Eggs Benedict for Brunch today?, null, Today is Veterans Day. On behalf of all of us at Stephi's on Tremont, we honor and thank the brave men and women who have served in our nation’s armed forces, in the South End and beyond., Our good friends Billy Costa and Jenny Johnson of NESN’s Dining Playbook know a thing or two about dining out in Boston and they want to share their tips (and some of their favorite dishes) at the upcoming red-carpet Dining Playbook Gala. Join them at the Park Plaza Castle on Saturday, November 15th and enjoy tastes from 30 New England restaurants including our sister restaurant, Stephanie’s on Newbury. From 7-11pm, you can dance to Eye 2 Eye as you sample your way through some of Boston’s best eats and sip on creative cocktails. A live charity auction will benefit Rosie’s Place. Tickets for this event are $125 per person and can be purchased here. We hope to see you there! http://nesn.com/gala/, As darkness sets, we remember our shining Mayor Thomas M, Menino and thank him for making our city a brighter place to live and work. Our thoughts and prayers are extended to his family during this time., Brunch and life are better when you add bacon!, Our big fundraiser is tomorrow at Stephi's in Southie!  Please come and support Team MR8. They're running the NYC Marathon for The Martin W. Richard Charitable Foundation. Leo Fonseca, Catherine Renehan, Vicky Shen, Steve Sweeney, Jason Ebbeling and Jim Aberdale are your co-hosts for the evening and will be running in memory of young Martin Richard who was killed during the April 15, 2013 bombings near the Boston Marathon finish line.  Still time to buy your tickets on line to support this amazing organization! 

https://www.eventbrite.com/e/team-mr8-fundraiser-for-nyc-marathon-boston-runners-tickets-13351824667, In just under a day, we sold more than 50 tickets for this amazing fundraiser. Please come and support Team MR8 on October 15th at Stephi's in Southie. They're running the upcoming NYC Marathon for The Martin W. Richard Charitable Foundation. Shout out to our own Leo Fonseca, Catherine Renehan, Vicky Shen, Steve Sweeney, Jason Ebbeling and Jim Aberdale who are running in memory of young Martin.

https://www.eventbrite.com/e/team-mr8-fundraiser-for-nyc-marathon-boston-runners-tickets-13351824667, One week from today! Our CEO, Leo Fonseca, and several other Team MR8 runners participating in the upcoming NYC Marathon, are hosting a fundraiser at Stephi's in Southie for The Martin W. Richard Charitable Foundation. This Foundation was formed by the parents of eight-year-old Martin Richard, who was killed during the April 15, 2013 bombings near the finish of the Boston Marathon. We're both proud and honored to host this fundraiser for such an amazing cause and family. We hope you can join us. Sign up today via Eventbrite here:

https://www.eventbrite.com/e/team-mr8-fundraiser-for-nyc-marathon-boston-runners-tickets-13351824667, Loving Sunday and this perfect fall day. The patio is open, brunch is being served and the Bloody Mary's are being poured. Doesn't get much better than this., Stephanie Sokolove is honored to feature ONEHOPE Wine this month in all three of her restaurants. One glass or bottle goes a long way in the fight against Breast Cancer. Half of ONEHOPE's profits are donated to The Gateway for Cancer Research. Help us support this incredible cause during October!, Ready for some Monday Night Football? Head to Stephi's in Southie, just over the Broadway bridge, for the Pats vs. Chiefs game tonight at 8:30pm. And enjoy buckets of cold Bud & Bud Light beers and wings by the dozens. Go Bud! Go Wings! Go Pats!, Voting is still open! The search is on for the Best Bloody Mary in America. Please cast your vote for our sister restaurant, Stephi's in Southie and bartender Alex Carregal. We appreciate all of the love and votes coming our way!

http://www.nycwffbestbloody.org/state.php?sid=MA, Thank you to all who have voted so far. Still time to make our Stephi's in Southie famous Bloody Mary the best in America! Vote here:

http://nycwffbestbloody.org/state.php?sid=MA, Help spread the love for Stephi's in Southie bartender Alex Carregal. His delicious Bloody Mary recipe is already in 2nd place for NY's Wine & Food Festival search for America's Best Bloody. If you're over 21, vote here and often so Alex and Stephi's in Southie can move into 1st place and win this award from the Food Network!

http://nycwffbestbloody.org/state.php?sid=MA
, Are you ready to kick-off the New England Patriot's winning season? Then head to Stephi's in Southie for Buckets of Beers and Wings by the Dozen. NINE HD TVs are ready to broadcast all the action live. During NFL Monday and Thursday night games, and every Sunday, [that means tomorrow!], Stephi's is offering 5 sixteen-ounce Bud and Bud Light bottles by the bucket for $20. And wings in one, two and three dozen buckets start at $8. Come cheer on the Pats with friends in Southie!, See you tomorrow at 1pm. Brady, Brunch and Bloody Mary's. Does Sunday afternoon get any better than that? Go Pats!, Bring it on.  All weekend long!, Labor Day weekend is almost here.  Bring on the great weather and Sat., Sun. and Mon. brunch, 10am - 3pm!, Now being served as a daily special through September - Grilled local corn [from Meadowbrook Farm in East Longmeadow, MA] with lime, Parmesan cheese and red pepper butter. Yummy!, Beat the heat and crack a cold one with us! What's your favorite summer brew?, Thanks Thrillist Boston for including us in your Weekend Playbook for our patio Brunch! Thrillist says, "Kick your useless belt to the curb on the well-shaded patio at Stephanie Sokolove’s Tremont outpost with her comfort-food-gone-mad creations and build-your-own Bloody Mary options (complete with clipboard)." We think you should too! For the full story: http://bit.ly/1nphbb4, It's a Pitcher Perfect day for lunch and sangria on the patio! Check out our Summer Cocktail Pitcher menu, grab your friends or co-workers and enjoy al fresco dining., Join us for Brunch on the patio and then head over to Stephi's in Southie to catch the World Cup Finals! Today's themed cocktail: The Champions Cup (muddled cilantro and strawberry with Bacardi Gold, citrus & peach bitters) #sundayfunday #worldcup, It's a beautiful day! Come by to catch some rays out on our patio and enjoy one of our famous Lobster Salad Rolls! #welovesummer, The World Cup finals are getting closer and today Brazil takes on Germany!  Chill out with us at 4pm at Stephi's in Southie. As always, we're serving up themed cocktails and delicious bar bites. Stop by and cheer on your favorite team., Skip out of work a bit early and join us at Stephi's in Southie to cheer on Team USA!  We'll be broadcasting the game on our nine HDTV's, serving up themed cocktails and delicious bar bites. See you at 4 PM!, Take a break at lunch and head to Stephi's in Southie to cheer on Team USA in today's World Cup match vs. Germany at 12 PM! 
We'll be broadcasting all the action on our nine HD TV's and we'll have a cocktail match of our own: The AC Slater (made with Mitcher's Rye, Nonino Amaro, lemon juice and St. Germain) vs. The German Radler (made with St. Paulie Girl and Lemonade). This is the match not to miss! Go USA!, Stephi's on Tremont looks forward to participating in Boston Magazine's "The Cue," 1st annual BBQ Classic coming up in August.
The Cue features a cocktail competition so please visit the link here and vote for our La Sandia Picante. It's got a cool, refreshing kick! http://www.bostonmagazine.com/cookout/mixology-voting-page/, Join us today at Stephi's in Southie for more World Cup action! It’s a must-win game for Greece as they take on Ivory Coast. We’re gearing up for today’s cocktail match up:  the Greece (made with Ouzo, St. Germain, lemon juice, Peychads and Orange Bitters) vs. the Ivory Coast (made with Bacardi, Domaine Canton rosemary, Vanilla Syrup, Mint, Orange Flower Water, Lemon and Pineapple juice). We’ll be broadcasting the game on our nine HD TV’s starting at 4 PM today!, A perfect summer time meal.  Our classic Cobb salad with grilled chicken, corn, tomatoes, egg, cheese, red onion, bacon, avocado and romaine lettuce, tossed with blue cheese dressing and served in a crispy flour tortilla shell.  Pair it with a glass of refreshing iced tea.  Delicious! See you on the patio!, The World Cup action continues today with a must win game for Group C as Japan takes on Greece at 6 PM!  Join us for all the action live at Stephi's in Southie. Our cocktail match up for this evening: Tokyo by Night (made with Cognac, Orgerat Syrup and Angostura Bitters, served up in a martini glass) vs. Ouzo Sunrise (made with Vodka, Ouzo, Lemon Juice, Orange Juice and a Grenadine sink, served on the rocks) #WorldCup #Boston, Our CEO Leo Fonseca has been a busy man lately after we opened our fourth Boston-area restaurant at Logan Airport. Despite his busy schedule, Leo had time to sit down with Dining Playbook's Billy Costa and Jenny Johnson (over a delicious pitcher of White Sangria made with Pavan Liqueur) to discuss how he keeps everything running smoothly. Check out his interview in the private dining room of Stephi's on Tremont! http://nesn.com/2014/06/dining-playbook-interview-with-stephis-ceo-leo-fonseca/, Who’s ready to see #USA take on Ghana at the World Cup!?  FIFA fans have been packing the Stephi's in Southie bar all weekend and they’re gearing up for USA’s first match tomorrow at 6PM. Tomorrow’s cocktail matchup: Ghana (Le Colonale – made with muddled cucumber, Hendricks Gin, Domain Canton ginger liquor and lemon juice, served on the rocks) v. USA (New York Sour – made with Mitchers Rye, lemon juice, simple syrup and a Malbec Float served up in an Irish Coffee glass).   Check out the game and our cocktails tomorrow in Southie!  Go USA!, World Cup coverage continues today at Stephi's in Southie. Watch England take on Italy on our nine HD TV's. Today's cocktail matchup:  England (The Pimms Cup - muddled cucumber, lemon juice, simple syrup, Pimms, Bombay Sapphire served on the rocks with ginger beer) v. Italy (Peroni beer). The action starts in Southie at 6 PM., It’s the perfect day for a ‘Pride’ Bloody Mary and brunch on our patio!  We have the best seats in the South End to catch all of the Pride festivities.  Thanks to our Instagram friend @dangellama for sharing this pic of her own Bloody Mary.  Brunch is served until 3 PM Saturday and Sunday., Happy Pride Weekend Boston! To all of our LGBT friends in Back Bay, South End, South Boston and beyond!, Give Dad the day off from the grill.  Treat him to Brunch this weekend at Stephi’s on Tremont.  The only decision he needs to make?  What to put into his Bloody Mary., Shout out to our great friend Jenny Dell who's joining CBS NFL Broadcasts as a sideline reporter. Congratulations Jenny from all of your friends at Stephanie's. See you on CBS this fall! http://www.boston.com/sports/football/2014/06/10/jenny-dell-joining-cbs-nfl-broadcasts/2Uhlo0G4sqeJZK63l6n5yM/story.html, The World Cup starts today and Stephi's in Southie is the perfect spot to watch all of the action from Brazil! We’re celebrating today’s opening game, Brazil v. Croatia, with a match of our own - The Caipirinha (made with Lebanon Cacha, muddled lime, simple syrup and served on the rocks) v. The National (made with Cherry Herring, Luxardo Maraschino liquor, lemon juice, simple syrup and served over crushed ice). May the best team & cocktail win.  See you at 4pm today in Southie!, Working from home?  Looking for dinner to be delivered to you?  Sunday brunch in bed? Order from Stephi's on Tremont and Caviar will deliver directly to your home or office.
https://www.trycaviar.com/menu/357/stephis-on-tremont, Happy Sunday!   Our patio is the perfect spot to build your own Bloody Mary for brunch today.  Grab our menu and start checking your favorite ingredients. Post photos here of your Bloody Mary masterpiece!, It’s patio perfect weather and we have a table waiting for you.  Throw on the shades and get ready to soak up the sun while enjoying one of our new summer cocktails like the White or Red Sangria made with  Pavan Liqueur., It’s race day!  Join us for all of the Belmont Stakes action at all three Stephanie's locations today. The first race is at 11:30 and we’ll be pouring Belmont Breezes all day., Want Stephi's sophisticated comfort at your home and/or office?  We now deliver (to almost all of Boston proper) from our Tremont Street location with Caviar trycaviar.com/boston, Come and see California Chrome's bid for the Triple Crown tomorrow at Tremont. The Belmont Stakes will be on and The Belmont Breezes will be flowing!   First race is at 11:30am., Lots of fun yesterday at Stephi's on Tremont with our great friends Billy Costa, Jenny Johnson and the entire Dining Playbook team!  Billy and Jenny sampled a bunch of delicious dishes but really enjoyed our famous lobster salad roll on the patio.  Watch for the show in coming weeks on NESN., This weather is Pitcher Perfect!   Join us on the patio and try the newest additions to our refreshing summer cocktail menu - Red & White Sangria made with Pavan. Sip & enjoy!, Our Bloody Mary Mix just got a makeover.  Check out our new look and enjoy our mix this weekend as you Build Your Own Bloody Mary at Brunch today (Sat) and tomorrow!, It's a beautiful afternoon! Join us for an after work cocktail on the patio., null, Memorial Day Weekend is upon us and our patio is open!  Join us for brunch all weekend and enjoy Memorial Day Brunch with us on Monday from 10am-3pm. We’ll be serving up your favorite summer cocktails and warm weather fare., We loved this article by the Editors of Food & Wine who shared their thoughts on the best pairings to go along with one of our favorite summer dishes – tuna tartare. Test their suggestions (red Bordeaux!) with our Ahi Tuna Tartare (a guest favorite!).  What wine would you pair with Tuna Tartare?  , Stephanie Sokolove, restaurateur, comfort food aficionado and Mother to three daughters, wishes all Moms a very happy Mother's Day., Sunday’s forecast calls for sunshine and warm temps.  Perfect for a Mother’s Day patio brunch!  Toast Mom with a Mimosa or one of our famous Bloody Mary’s while enjoying one of Chef Comeau's delicious specials., We were honored to participate in last night's benefit for the families of fallen firefighters, Lt. Edward Walsh Jr. and Firefighter Michael R. Kennedy. Thank you to Steve DiFillippo, Davio's and all of the talented chefs who helped make the event a great success!, This evening, our three restaurants will join Davio’s and the Boston restaurant community for a fundraiser to benefit the families of fallen firefighters, Lt. Edward Walsh Jr. and Firefighter Michael R. Kennedy.  We’re honored to play a small part in this great cause.  Limited tickets are still available: https://www.eventbrite.com/e/benefit-for-families-of-the-fallen-firefighters-tickets-4348889646, Our Stephi’s Wine Club gatherings are getting pretty popular at Stephi's in Southie!  Reserve our wine bar for groups of 10 and enjoy personalized wine pairings with small plates of comfort food. Our expert wine directors will tell you everything you want to know about your selections. French whites? California Chardonnays? Let our new wine list guide you and reserve your evening with friends by calling 617-345-5495, It's #DerbyDay! Mint Juleps, Low Country Ham & Biscuit Sliders, Kentucky Burgoo, Bourbon Pecan Pie & all the Derby action LIVE at Stephi's on Tremont!, We’re honored to join Davio’s and the Boston restaurant community on May 7 for a tasting event to benefit the families of the fallen firefighters, Lt. Edward Walsh Jr. and Firefighter Michael R. Kennedy. 25 restaurants will come together for a grand tasting and live auction hosted by our friend Billy Costa. Hope you can join us for this very worthy cause! For tickets: : https://www.eventbrite.com/e/benefit-for-families-of-the-fallen-firefighters-tickets-4348889646, There’s no better way to say “I Love You, Mom” than treating her to Mother’s Day Brunch at Stephi's on Tremont!  Enjoy Chef selections and brunch cocktails fit for a Queen including Roasted Spring Vegetable and Gruyere Frittata, Smoked Salon Hash or Lobster Benedict. Advance reservations recommended: 617-236-2063, Stephanie's Coronarita anyone? The countdown to Cinco de Mayo is on. Fiesta with us all day long!, Mint Juleps, Kentucky-inspired chef selections & all the #Derby action…LIVE at Stephi's on Tremont, Saturday May 3rd! May the horse be with you!, Looking for the perfect way to say "Thank You" tomorrow in honor of your favorite Administrative Professional? Treat them to lunch or dinner at one of our three Stephanie's locations or send them on a well deserved night out with a Stephanie's gift card!  http://bit.ly/1icWfm5, Congratulations to all Boston Marathon runners today including our own Leo Fonseca. We are Boston.  We are Strong.  We are united in our cheers for both runners and our great city!, Today we are all #BostonStrong.. We really do #LoveBoston http://bit.ly/1eupeRz, Happy Sunday! Brunch is on at 10 AM. Which Stephi's on Tremont brunch item would you choose?  Classic Eggs Benedict, Grand Marnier battered French Toast or Meatloaf Hash?, Our Instagram friend @kappuccino_aparicio calls this: “The best Bloody Mary Ever.”  Agree?  Come by for brunch tomorrow and see for yourself!, Everyone loves dining al fresco in the South End....even our furry friends!!  If you're out about this weekend, please stop by and say hello.  You'll have a pawsitively great time!!, Save the Hunt for Eggs. Not Brunch! Celebrate Easter Brunch with us on April 20th from 10 AM – 3PM. Enjoy Executive Chef Corey Comeau’s featured holiday menu items paired with an award winning Bloody Mary or Mimosa. Easter menu items include; Grilled Asparagus Frittata, Farmhouse Hash and Honey Glazed Easter Ham and Eggs.  Advance reservations are recommended., It's Opening Day!  Great to have the Red Sox back in town and now we want to see those World Series rings! Not at Fenway today? Join us at the bar for all the action. 
, Check out Billy, Jenny and our own Stephanie Sokolove on this week's Dining Playbook on NESN. Filmed recently at Stephi's in Southie, the segment re-airs today at 3:30pm and on Friday at 6pm. Set your DVR or check it out below! , Time to get social over wine! Join us at the Stephi's in Southie Wine Club and you and 9 friends can take over the wine bar! Learn more about wine and food pairings and sample four wines over four courses for only $40 per person. Check out the flyer for more details and how to reserve you spot!, The best way to bring on the sun??  Bring out the patio furniture at Stephi's on Tremont.  Look what arrived yesterday.  Our patio is now ready to open, weather permitting!  Check back here for updates, but in the meantime, dig out the sun block and shades.....it's almost patio time!!, "Our lives are all connected and we continue to be one Boston," and one Back Bay -- please support our neighbors, the first responders and their families who were impacted by yesterday's fire.  Please see the attached from The One Fund for more details., Happy St. Patrick’s Day!  Our guests have been raving about our special Irish inspired menu all weekend.  Join us today for Corned Beef & Cabbage, Bangers & Mash and cocktails that will make your friends green with envy!, St. Patrick’s Day weekend celebrations are in full swing at Stephi’s on Tremont!  Join us for traditional Irish fare and cocktails today and tomorrow. Heading to the big Parade?  Visit us at Stephi’s in Southie (located at the start of the parade route) for fun Irish-themed cocktails and menu specials.  Check out our Stephi's in Southie page for more details., Happy St. Patrick’s Day weekend everyone!   We’re getting ready for the big day by practicing our Irish Coffee making skills.  Enjoy this festive cocktail and Irish fare today through Monday., Our famous Stephanie’s Bloody Mary goes green in celebration of St. Patrick’s Day weekend! The “Blarney Mary” blends tomatillos, apple, cucumber and spinach and can be served with Tito's Handmade Vodka to give it a Shamrock glow!  Take our word for it – anyone who misses out this weekend will be green with envy.   Available Saturday through Monday!, Corned Beef & Cabbage, Bangers & Mash…a taste of Baileys Irish Cream Cheesecake and Tullamore Dew Irish Whiskey in the Jar. All of these traditional Irish inspired items will be on our St. Patrick’s Day weekend menu, available Saturday through Monday!  Catch the action on Sunday at Stephi’s in Southie, located at the Parade start route. We’ll have a special Sunday Parade menu complete with drink specials.  Stay tuned to our Stephi's in Southie page for more details!, Check out our CEO Leo Fonseca profiled in Newbury College's recent alumni newsletter. For anyone interested in joining the restaurant industry, this is a great read!, Have you filled out your bracket for Munch Madness?? Time is running out! The Boston Globe's  annual tournament of restaurants pits 64 restaurants against one another.  Pick your top 20 choices for inclusion in the battle, and don't forget to include Stephi's in Southie!  The games begin March 19! http://ow.ly/uohKz, Our Chef's selections are being finalized for St. Patrick's Day weekend! We hear that Corned Beef & Cabbage, Bangers & Mash, Guinness Beef Stew and a traditional Irish Breakfast will be served. Stay tuned for more St. Patty's Day updates!, Our pastry team is busy working on a St. Patrick's Day dessert! How does Baileys Irish Cream Cheesecake sound to you?, Happy Sunday Funday! Brunch is on at 10 AM. How spicy do you like your Bloody Mary? Build your own just the way you like it and don’t forget to grab a bottle of Stephanie’s famous Bloody Mary Mix for a taste of Stephanie’s at home!, Time for a little trivia!  Can you guess how many Bloody Mary’s we sold in 2013?  Reply to this post with your count and you’ll automatically be entered in a drawing to win Brunch for Two at any of our three locations!, Check out Stephi's in Southie at the Friends of Dana-Farber's Chefs Cooking for Hope event last night. Lots of fun and all for a great cause! Proceeds from the event benefited cancer research and care at Dana-Farber Cancer Institute. Our Braised Short Ribs served on edible spoons were a big hit!, We had a blast filming for Dining Playbook with Billy, Jenny and our own Stephanie today! Special thanks to our friends and lunch guests from The Lenox Hotel - Boston, Boston Spirit Magazine and Michael Barnum Studio!, It's almost time for Munch Madness, the Boston Globe's annual tournament of restaurants. We need your help to include Stephi's in Southie in their bracket, which pits 64 restaurants against one another.  From this list, pick your top 20 choices for inclusion in the battle, and don't forget to include Stephi's in Southie! The Globe will take everyone's input into account and use popularity to help with the seeding process. Official play kicks off March 19.  Thank you and let the games begin! http://www.boston.com/ae/restaurants/specials/munch_madness_preliminary_2014/, Make it a lunch date! Tomorrow join Billy Costa and Jenny Johnson as they film their new show on NESN, Dining Playbook at Stephi’s in Southie.  Catch all the fun (and a great lunch menu too) starting at 11:30 AM! http://nesn.com/dining-playbook/, Stephi's on Tremont is pleased to support the AIDS Action Committee and will be participating in this year’s Taste of the South End. We’re honored to support such a great cause and be associated with all of our South End neighboring restaurants. We’ll be serving up our Braised Short Ribs with Green Peppercorn Brandy Cream!   For more details: http://action.aac.org/site/PageServer?pagename=Events_Taste_About, Stephi's on Tremont welcomes America's oldest brewery to Boston! We're now serving Yuengling by the bottle. Check out this story on the brew from today's Bostonherald.com Cheers! http://bostonherald.com/entertainment/food_dining/fork_lift/2014/03/yuengling_hits_boston_today_game_changer_biggest_beer, Happy Sunday Funday! Brunch is in full swing until 3 PM today. Make your Own Bloody Marys and enjoy a full brunch menu of all your favorites. Check out our full menu here: http://stephisontremont.com/TremontMenus/Tremont_Winter_Brunch.pdf, The countdown to St. Patrick’s Day 2014 is underway! With just under a month to go, we've been busy working on authentic Irish dishes and cocktails for all of our locations. Stay tuned for details.  It’s going to be an exciting weekend., The weekend has arrived and we’re getting excited for Sunday brunch! Thanks to our Instagram friend @lebryant1013 for sharing this awesome shot of our famous French Toast. Pair it with a Stephanie’s Bloody Mary for the perfect Sunday Funday!, Heading into the final days in Sochi, the US Men's 2014 Olympic hockey tournament is on fire! Catch their semifinal game against Canada at 12 Noon today at all three of our locations., This morning our own Leo Fonseca joined Tim Burke from Tito's Handmade Vodka at the RadioBDC studios to talk brunch and make-your-own Bloody Marys (using our famous Stephanie's Bloody Mary Mix!) Listen: http://bit.ly/1nR18PG, US Women's Hockey Forward Megan Bozek said today, "We've worked four years for this one moment. We're right where we need to be. There's 60 minutes left for us to achieve our dream."  Join us today at Noon as the USA Women's Hockey Team plays for GOLD. Our flat screen TV's will be on as we cheer them on!, Great to see our friend Jenny Johnson looking fantastic on the cover of the new Improper Bostonian Magazine Congrats Jenny! http://bit.ly/1h2BLYO, It’s true! Your favorite destination for sophisticated comfort food is landing at Logan Airport in April. Our newest Stephanie's will have 120 seats and a full bar, located in the Terminal B connector. Read the full story! http://bit.ly/1h1GZEm, We are serving a special holiday brunch today at all three locations from 10 AM - 3 PM. Join us!, So many great things going on today at all three Stephanie's restaurants!  Join Mix 104.1's Kennedy and Tito's Handmade Vodka from 12-2 PM for Bloody Mary Brunch at Stephi's in Southie. Or head to Stephanie's on Newbury or Stephi's on Tremont where we will be serving a special Valentine's Brunch menu from 10 AM -3 PM - in addition to our famous Make Your Own Bloody Marys. Talk about Sunday Funday!, Join us tomorrow (President's Day) at all three locations for a special holiday brunch from 10 AM - 3PM!   A great way to jumpstart the week., Bloody Mary Brunch is in full swing at Stephi's in Southie!  Mix 104.1's Kennedy and Tito's Handmade Vodka are serving up your favorite Bloody Marys and full brunch menu until 2 PM. Come join us!, So many great things going on today at all three Stephanie's restaurants!  Join Mix 104.1's Kennedy and Tito's Handmade Vodka from 12-2 PM for Bloody Mary Brunch at Stephi's in Southie. Or head to Stephanie's on Newbury or Stephi's on Tremont where we will be serving a special Valentine's Brunch menu from 10 AM -3 PM - in addition to our famous Make Your Own Bloody Marys. Talk about Sunday Funday!, Look what's in store at Stephi's in Southie for tomorrow's special Bloody Mary Brunch with Mix 104.1’s Kennedy and Tito’s Handmade Vodka.   You decide how spicy you like it with our build your own Bloody Mary menu.  Brunch starts at 10 AM on Sunday in Southie – 130 Dorchester Ave, next to the Broadway T Stop., The celebration of LOVE continues as we extend our Valentine's Day dinner menu through Saturday evening and a Cupid inspired Brunch on Saturday and Sunday!, So excited to join Mix 104.1 Kennedy and Tito’s Handmade Vodka tomorrow 2/16 for a very special Bloody Mary Brunch at Stephi's in Southie from 12-2pm.  Stop by and say hello to Kennedy in person!, We're excited to partner with Exhale Spa Boston this Valentine's Day bringing you a package fit for a Queen. $250 per couple, includes a three-course meal, 1/2 bottle of champagne and gift card to exhale for a well deserved spa treatment or facial. Special menu available starting tonight!  Call for reservations and availability., Our version of "The French Kiss" - House infused raspberry gin and limoncello topped with Prosecco, served in a champagne flute with fresh raspberries. Featured on our Valentine's Day 2014 menu, available starting tomorrow through Saturday!, We had so much fun testing out a new Stephi's Wine Club concept on Monday at our South Boston location. Stay tuned for details on a new fun, informal gathering to chat wines and comfort food pairings, run by our own Leo Fonseca and Executive Chef Corey Comeau. Picture this: 8-10 friends at one wine bar for a night of fun. Would you join us?, The Evolution of Executive Chef Corey Comeau’s Triple Chocolate Trifle with Brûléed Marshmallow Dessert, available on our Valentine’s Day menu! A chocolate lovers dream: Oreo cookie crumble layered with white chocolate and bittersweet chocolate mousses topped with house made marshmallow. The Valentine’s Day Menu (including this mouthwatering dessert) will be available at all three of our locations for three days - Thursday through Saturday. Call for reservations, space is limited!, Did you catch Stephanie's On Newbury today on Gilt City Boston? Act quick on these exciting offers! Comfort Food Classics Dinner for Two for $75 OR host your family and friends with a dinner for 12 for $455 - includes six apps, one entree per person, four house-selected bottles of wine and six savory desserts served family style. http://bit.ly/1iGsw2t
, We had a blast hosting Jessica and Matt Ristuccia's VIP Seats takeover in this week’s edition of the segment on NESN's new show Dining Playbook (hosted by our favorite's Billy Costa & Jenny Johnson!) Catch the segment here: http://nesn.com/2014/02/stephis-in-south-boston-offers-delicious-food-great-place-to-watch-a-game-video/
, How do you take your Bloody Mary? Make it YOUR way with our "Build Your Own" Bloody Mary menu, available at all three of our locations (along with a full Brunch menu) starting at 10 AM today. See you soon!, We're so excited for our friends Billy Costa and Jenny Johnson on the launch of their new show, Dining Playbook, on NESN starting TODAY at 11:30 AM!  Emmy Award winning Billy and Jenny will be cooking with your favorite athletes and showcasing the places to go before, during and after the game - including Stephi’s in Southie featured on today’s “VIP Seats” segment of the show. http://www.nesn.com/dining-playbook , Attention Gilt City members! Did you see Stephi's on Tremont featured on Today's Picks? Up to 35% off dinner and drinks for 2 or a private dinner party for 12. Act quickly, we expect a quick sell out! Not a member? Join today and take advantage of these great deals from Tremont Street!! http://bit.ly/1b5c4cd , All three of our locations will be open today at 11:30! Warm up with some classic comfort food - like our famous Meatloaf stuffed with cheddar cheese and served with garlic mashed potatoes, haricot verts and mushroom gravy. YUM!, null, We have you covered on Valentine's Day with a package your sweetie will adore! It's a great value and includes a three-course menu prepared by Executive Chef Corey Comeau, half-bottle of Moët & Chandon Imperial Champagne and an exhale Spa Fusion Massage or True Facial. Advance reservations required for all three locations!, Happy New Year's Eve!
Wishing all a happy & healthy new year. 
Join us at any of our locations tonight to ring in 2014, we will have a DJ at Stephi's in Southie tonight too!

http://southbostontoday.com/stepping-out-party-like-its-1999/, There is still time to get last minute stocking stuffers for your family & friends! Join us Stephi's On Tremont, Stephanie's On Newbury or Stephi's in Southie!, Stephi's On Tremont has "decked the halls" this holiday season for you! Stay warm inside with us & enjoy our brunch & bloody mary's today!

http://bostinno.streetwise.co/2013/12/13/deck-the-halls-boston-restaurants-go-all-out-with-festive-decor/#s_stephanies-on-newbury-2_s, Book your Holiday party with us at Stephi's On Tremont for parties up to 12, or Stephanie's On Newbury for parties up to 45!, Holiday season is quickly approaching, don't forget to book your family or office outing at Stephi's on Tremont!, Time to party like it's 1918, The Boston Red Sox are the 2013 World Series Champions! I guess we will have to have another duck boat parade, quack quack!, Have you been to our new location in Southie? 

Thrillist names Stephi's in Southie as a "new restaurant you need to try!", Time for fall brunch & baseball! Join us at Stephi's on Tremont or Stephi's in Southie for brunch & Bloody Mary's today!, Enjoy our famous eggs benedict at brunch today, tomorrow or Monday at Stephi's On Tremont & our newest location, Stephi's in Southie!, We are loving how good Boston, Massachusetts looks in Fall!

Thank you Boston Park Plaza for capturing this., We are excited that today is the grand opening of our third location, Stephi's in Southie! Join us for dinner today when we open at 5:00pm

www.stephisinsouthie.com, Boston police leader Edward Davis resigns today & enjoys lunch at Stephi's On Tremont. 

Thank you for the last 7 years. You have made Boston a safer place for all.

http://www.bostonglobe.com/metro/2013/09/22/police-commissioner-edward-davis-resign/qOU4CxE6JfypIwLkyxg2IK/story.html, At least it is not Monday!

Happy Friday the 13th!, We Will Never Forget
9.11.01, Happy Labor Day Weekend!, Now, it's just one of those Sunday's! Make your own bloody mary...what would you put in yours?, It's just one of those Saturday's at Stephi's On Tremont! Mimosa anyone?, What a summer day! Perfect for patio dining in the South End, Boston at Stephi's On Tremont today!, It's a perfect day for lunch in the South End, Boston! Try our crunchy vegetable salad with added chicken or shrip, and our seared yellowfin tuna salad!, Congratulations to William & Kate on their new son & future king of England!, It was great to see Mayor Thomas Menino enjoying lunch today at Stephi's On Tremont, thank you for coming in!, #BostonStrong, Join us for dinner tonight and try our ahi tuna tartare with
sashimi grade tuna served with sesame poached tomatoes, whipped avocado, chipotle chili soy sauce, spicy mayonnaise and lime vinaigrette., It's a hot day in the South End, Boston! Come cool off with a Martini or Mojito this Monday., Time for bloody mary's & brunch! Join us at Stephi's On Tremont and enjoy our benedict. Serving brunch from 10am-3pm!, Yes we do!!, It's a perfect day for brunch in the south end! Join us at Stephi's On Tremont for our famous bloody mary bar or an executive mimosa. 

Can't make it today? Don't forget about fathers day tomorrow!, #Flashback Adam Sandler in Happy Gilmore of course in a Boston Bruins jersey!, The day is almost done & the countdown to the cup begins!
, Come celebrate the "sweep" at Stephi's On Tremont for brunch today! Congratulations Boston Bruins!, A great win for the Boston Bruins last night! Time to enjoy this June day with our brunch & bloody's until they play again tomorrow!, It looks like a lot of people are taking an extra day off to start the long weekend even sooner! Join us for our famous patio pitchers at Stephi's On Tremont., null, What a beautiful day in the South End, Boston! Join us for some brunch and bloody's on the patio!, Happy Cinco de Mayo! Join us for some tequila and a sol during brunch today!, Join us for the Kentucky Derby tomorrow & don't forget to grab your best hat to watch "The Run for the Roses" on our flat screen TV's, while you enjoy mint juleps and other cocktails at the bar!, this....is Boston Strong. , What a perfect night in the South End, Boston for dinner and drinks on our patio!, It's a beautiful day here in the South End. 

Please join us at 2:50pm as we take part in the moment of silence.

Boston Strong., Due to the unfolding public safety situation and concern for the safety of our employees and guests, Stephanie's on Newbury and Stephi's on Tremont will be closed for lunch today (4/19).  We will make further reports on whether we will be open for dinner service tonight.  All of us are hoping for a swift and safe resolution to this situation. Our thoughts and prayers are with the brave public safety officers killed or injured overnight in the line of duty. #bostonstrong, 'And this time next year, the world will return to this great American city to run harder than ever..' -Obama

Yes we will. Boston Strong., null, A happy and historical day in Boston, turned so quickly. Our thoughts and prayers go out to all, and hope that everyone is safe., What a great day to be a Bostonian! A perfect Boston Marathon & Boston Red Sox win! Happy Patriots Day., Happy Opening Day!!  Lets go Red Sox!, Tonight's special is a roasted herb and lemon stuffed trout, wrapped in bacon, served with a sun dried tomato, spinach, and roasted corn salad and fried artichoke hearts., Tonight's special is a wasabi dusted pan seared yellow fin tuna steak, served with house made kimchi and black rice noodle lo mein, garnished with fresh shaved radishes., Spring is in the air & patio season has arrived!, Tonights special is crispy sweet potato crusted salmon served over roasted butternut squash compote and an arugula and basil herb salad., Happy spring forward! Hope everyone changed their clocks ahead, because it is time for brunch and bloody's at Stephi's on Tremont!, If you can't make it to the Taste of the South End tonight at Cyclorama at Boston Center for the Arts, join us for dinner and try our chefs special parmesan & herb crusted pork chop or lobster & arugula salad!, Hope to see everyone tonight! You can still get tickets at the door! , "You have brains in your head. You have feet in your shoes. You can steer yourself in any direction you choose. You're on your own, and you know what you know. And you are the guy who'll decide where to go."
Dr. Seuss 

Decide where to go & join us for brunch today while celebrating the kid in all of us! Happy Birthday Dr. Seuss., Start the weekend off right with our chef's special pan seared skirt steak, served over creamy tomato and asparagus risotto on a plate of radish and basil cream sauce topped with fried parsnip crisps! Yum!, Join us tonight for our chefs special lobster risotto, creamy arborio rice with fresh lobster, grilled fennel & english peas. While you are here, make your reservations for our Monday brunch!, Our famous Bloody Mary is back! Join us today for brunch and bloody's in this Sunday snow! 

http://www.boston.com/ae/restaurants/gallery/bloodymarys?pg=2, Due to Nemo, we are changing the date of our wine dinner for tonight. We apologize for the inconvenience! 
BUT:
We are excited to be taking part in the TV Diner Gala this Friday. Don't forget to get your tickets!

http://www.necn.com/tvdinergala, Join us at Stephi's On Tremont today for our chef's special salmon piccata. Pan seared salmon, served over spaghetti, tossed in a creamy lemon thyme sauce, garnished with capers and a lemon slice!, We will be opening for brunch today at 11am!  Enjoy a Bloody Mary before taking on nemo and shoveling!, The calm before the blizzard! Join us tonight and try our chef's special, pan roasted salmon served with roasted mushrooms and balsamic port poached figs over crispy herb polenta and topped with a shaved fennel and arugula salad., Start Valentine's Day a little early & join us at Stephi's On Tremont for our Ferrari Carrano Wine Dinner on Wednesday, February 13, 2013 at 6:30 pm! 

Our Executive Chef & Food Network Chopped Champion, Corey Comeau, will prepare a 4 course meal to be paired with the wines as Bob McGinn from the winery discusses them.

Tickets are $75.00. We have 10 seats still open in our Private Dining Room!
Call to reserve: (617)236-2063, Game day is here! Join us for brunch and enjoy bloody's & benedicts before tonights game!, Our very own Director of Operations, Leo Fonseca...making the staff their pre-meal today!, I think everyone has worked up an appetite after that Celtics game! 
Enjoy our Fish & Chips.
Golden battered cod with french fries & house-made tartar sauce or our Chef’s Burger with fried jalapenos, cheddar cheese & pico de gallo. 

Great game C's!, Brrrr! Warm up tonight with our comfort food special. Milk stout and brown sugar braised short rib stew with potatoes, carrots, celery and butternut squash, served with a buttermilk biscuit!, Join us tonight for dinner before the snow arrives! Our burger tonight is made with grilled ham, blue cheese & honey mustard, served with fries!, We are serving brunch today from 10am-3pm! Try our smoked salmon & avocado benedict., Enjoy our fresh Sesame-Seared Salmon
with wasabi mashed potatoes, daikon radish, mandarin orange & wakami slaw for dinner tonight while the Bruins play! Let's go B's!, A perfect winter night for our special pan roasted jumbo sea scallops with sun dried tomato pesto, caramelized onion risotto and toasted garlic spinach with balsamic reduction., Creamy shrimp and scallop Alfredo with grilled tomatoes, broccoli rabe and buttery brioche toast for dinner tonight. We serve our full menu at the bar!, Creamy shrimp and scallop Alfredo with grilled tomatoes, broccoli rabe and buttery brioche toast for dinner tonight. We serve our full menu at the bar!, Creamy shrimp and scallop Alfredo with grilled tomatoes, broccoli rabe and buttery brioche toast for dinner tonight. We serve our full menu at the bar!, Now this is comfort food! Enjoy our special Monte Cristo sandwich today, with bechamel and pure maple syrup!, Sunday brunch and football! Join us today and watch the games on our HD TVs and try our smoked salmon and avocado Benedict!, We are serving brunch today until 3pm! This is the perfect brunch burger! Over easy egg, fried pickles & gruyere cheese with whole grain mustard aioli. Happy Saturday!, Join us today at Stephi's On Tremont for our Chef's bacon buffalo blue cheese burger special!, What a beautiful Saturday in the South End, Boston, Massachusetts! Enjoy our brunch today unil 3pm and try our famous Stephi's On Tremont french toast!, Hello 2013!! Join us for a special New Year's Day brunch today at Stephanie's on Newbury and Stephi's on Tremont!, Warm up and join us for brunch and bloody's today until 3pm. Don't forget to make your New Year's Eve reservation while you are here!, Looking for the perfect stocking stuffer? Our gift cards are great & can be used at Stephi's On Tremont or Stephanie's On Newbury! Happy Holidays!, Come by Stephi's this evening to celebrate South End's Annual Holiday Shopping Night on December 12. It's a great night for shopping/dining located in Boston's coolest neighborhood. Enjoy discounts at South End restaurants- including Stephi's- and hip boutiques. Also, stop by Stephi's for some delicious free Corey's Cocoa- concocted by our executive chef!, Back to work! Catch up on all your meetings with us at Stephi's! Our Private dining room is the perfect setting., Join us for lunch or dinner today! We are open regular hours today & will be closed on Thursday. We will open Friday for regular hours! Happy Holidays!, Our delicious Stephanie's Famous Bloody Mary featured on Boston.com.  Build your own Bloody Mary this weekend at our can't miss brunch and take a bottle
of our mix home with you!

http://www.boston.com/ae/restaurants/gallery/bloodymarys?pg=2, It's the first snow of the season here! Come warm up with Stephi's On Tremont in the South End & watch the snow fall!, Join us for brunch today until 3pm and make your own bloody mary! It's a bacon and slim jim kind of Saturday!, It's the calm before the storm! Join us for brunch today from 10am to 3pm!, We love our city! Another perfect day to join us after work on the patio for dinner and drinks!, Our new menu is out at Stephi's On Tremont! Make sure you join us for dinner tonight and try some of our new items., "We support two teams, the Boston Red Sox and whoever  beats the Yankees ! " Congratulations to the Detroit Tigers on making it to the 2012 World Series!, Don't forget, today is the last day to register to vote for the 2012 US Presidential Elections!, We are getting ready for a great game! Gronk vs. Gronk and Manning vs. Brady! Come watch the game with us in the bar!, Enjoy the New England Patriots game on our HD TV's in the bar over some benedict's & bloody's! We are serving brunch until 3pm., Nothing like bloody mary's and benedict's to start off the first day of fall!, It's that time! Join us at Stephi's On Tremont and make your own bloody mary while you enjoy brunch! Happy Saturday!, Thanks to your votes, Stephi's On Tremont has won Best Bartender on South End Patch Readers’ Choice Awards!  

Come down to congratulate our terrific bartenders – Cate, Dan, Dillon, Geoff, Sean and Zach – in person and enjoy a custom craft cocktail and friendly conversation!

http://southend.patch.com/articles/winners-of-the-south-end-readers-choice-contest?ncid=newsltuspatc00000001, Join us for brunch today from 10am-3pm & start your Saturday off with one of our executive mimosas or create your own bloody mary, or have both!, Join us for brunch today before or after your tax-free shopping! Happy Saturday!, Don't forget to book your weekend brunch at Stephi's On Tremont! It's going to be a hot one, come cool off and create your own bloody mary!, Time for the London 2012 Olympics, brunch at Stephi's On Tremont & an executive mimosa! Happy Saturay!, Join us for brunch at Stephi's On Tremont! Enjoy our famous french toast with our well known bloody mary or executive mimosa!, Today is the perfect day to enjoy our Stephi's On Tremont sashimi grade tuna served with sesame poached
tomatoes, whipped avocado, chipotle chili soy sauce,
spicy mayonnaise and lime vinaigrette. Ask for a side of our sweet soy sauce for an extra kick of flavor!, Happy Bastille Day! Join us for brunch today until 3pm and make your own bloody mary!, Comedian & actor Steve Sweeney knows where to cool off and enjoy this beautiful South End, Boston summer day!, It's Friday! Join us for lunch and cool off with one of our patio pitchers!, What a beautiful day! Come cool off and enjoy our lobster salad roll with fresh lobster meat tossed in mayonnaise, lemon and mustard, served on toasted roll with french fries and cole slaw!, Congratulations to Chelsea Hersey for being the 500th "like" of Stephi's On Tremont! It's getting hot out there today. Join us for brunch today and enjoy our make your own bloody mary, or maybe even an executive mimosa or two, to stay cool!, It's not over yet...don't forget to vote Stephi's On Tremont!

http://boston.cityvoter.com/stephi-s-on-tremont/biz/612203, We are almost at 500 "likes!" Be the 500th and win a $50 gift card to Stephi's On Tremont!, The perfect start to your Saturday...our famous bloody mary & an executive mimosa!, Mostly Sunny all weekend! Join us for dinner tonight and make your brunch reservations for bloody's and benedicts Saturday & Sunday! (Don't forget about Dad on Sunday!), Stephi's On Tremont is nominated for best Al Fresco dining, of course! Start your voting now!

http://boston.cityvoter.com/stephi-s-on-tremont/biz/612203, Getting excited for tonight's Boston Celtics vs The Miami HEAT game! Join us in the bar to watch the game on our HD flat screen TV's!, Join us tonight in the bar for the Celtics vs Heat game! Let's go C's!, Time for our weekend brunch! Enjoy bloodys & benedicts at Stephi's On Tremont just like Brady Quinn, quarterback for the Kansas City Chiefs does!, Look! It's Billy Costa & Jenny Johnson - NECN at Stephi's On Tremont filming for TV Diner! What a beautiful day in South End, Massachusetts!, Join us for brunch today at Stephi's On Tremont and enjoy our arepa con chorizo with colombian style corn cake and grilled chorizo sausage, topped with 2 eggs sunny side up and roasted pico de gallo. Wash it down with our perfect bloody mary!, Time for Stephi's On Tremont sashimi grade tuna served with sesame poached tomatoes, whipped avocado, chipotle chili soy sauce, spicy mayonnaise & lime vinaigrett. Enjoy!, Time to get ready for brunch & make your own bloody mary's at Stephi's On Tremont in South End, Boston. We open at 10am!, Join us for lunch today at Stephi's On Tremont in the South End & ask about the burger special! How does fried sweet potato, provolone cheese & maple sour cream sound?! Yum., Don't forget to make your brunch reservations for tomorrow. We open at 10am! Wear your big hats for the Kentucky Derby & drink tequila for Cinco de Mayo! Its going to be another fun South End Saturday!, Join us for brunch and make your own bloody mary's until 3pm today! Add a little slim jim & blue cheese stuffed olives to your Saturday!, Bruins Game 7 tonight! Join us in the bar and watch on our HD Flat Screen TV's!, We are almost at 500 "likes." The 500th like will win a Stephi's On Tremont gift card! In the meantime, join us for brunch and make your own bloody mary's!, Another beautiful day in Boston! Join us for lunch on the patio, we open at 11:30!, Make sure you vote for Stephi's On Tremont!, Easter Sunday is almost here, did you make your brunch reservations yet? We are filling up fast at Stephi's On Tremont & Stephanie's On Newbury!, Time for brunch and bloody marys!, Join us today at Stephi's On Tremont and enjoy our Van Gogh Vodka, Give A Damn Martini! $1.00 from each martini sold will go to the Give a Damn Campaign., Happy St. Patrick's Day! Start the day off right with one of our "create your own" bloody mary's and maybe some corned beef and cabbage!, Stephi's On Tremont makes the list with our famous bloody mary mix, also available at Stephanie's On Newbury!, We are serving brunch today from 10am-3pm, which means it's time for our famous bloody mary menu! Slim jim & Bacon anyone?, The word is out...70 degrees & sunny and the patio is OPEN!, The Taste of the South End is on Tuesday, we will be there...will you? Tickets sell out every year!, Join us for brunch today, serving until 3pm! Don't forget to add a little slim jim, or maybe even a blue cheese stuffed olive to your bloody mary!, Join us tonight and support one of our friends in his fundraising endeavors for running the Boston Marathon for Golf Fights Cancer. there will be prizes, raffles and fun. See you tonight at 6pm!, Join us for brunch today from 10am-3pm. Our make your own bloody mary menu is waiting for you to create one!, Happy Valentine's Day from all of us at Stephanie's On Newbury & Stephi's On Tremont!, Come in for lunch today and try Chopped Champion, Chef Corey's french onion panini with shaved prime rib, melted swiss cheese, mustard aioli and sherry braised onions on sourdough, served with onion soup dip and french fries!, Valentine's Day is just around the corner and we have a special menu for you to share with someone special! Call today for your reservation, 617-236-2063., Join us for the Celtics game tonight, we will have the game on our HD TV's in the bar!, Thank you New England Patriots for a great season! We could all use a little comfort right now, join us for lunch and enjoy our classic comfort stephi burger with ground sirloin topped with cheddar cheese, caramelized onions, thick bacon and sautéed mushrooms on brioche., Countdown to the Superbowl!  Join us for dinner tonight and make your Sunday fun day reservations for the Patriots!, We are serving brunch today from 10:00am to 3:00pm. Make sure you come in and try our new Bloody Mary menu!, T.G.I.F! Make sure you book your weekend brunch reservations for Saturday & Sunday!, 60 and sunny today in the south end, put the snow boots back in the closet and join us for lunch today!, Fresh snow, brunch, bloody mary's and football! What a perfect Sunday. We will have the Patriots game on at 3:00pm!, What a beautiful snow fall! Join us for lunch today, and make sure you try our deviled scotch egg with crispy sausage wrapped hard boiled egg, deviled yolk and arugula salad with toasted almonds and pickled cauliflower., We are serving brunch today until 3pm and will have football on starting at 1pm! Congratulations Patriots!, Last night's launch party of our featured cocktail, Marla's Nantucket Mule! Thank you to all who came!, Happy New Year! What a perfect day for a bloody and benedict! Join us for our famous brunch until 3pm., Celebrate new years eve in style at Stephi's On Tremont! We have a special dinner menu. Don't forget to make your new years day brunch reservations too!, We will be open until 9:00pm today! We will have the Patriots game on our HD Tv's at 1:00pm. Happy Holidays!, null, Time for brunch! Enjoy our famous executive mimosa, champagne, grey goose l’orange vodka, cointreau and fresh squeezed orange juice served on the rocks!, We will be giving out free hot chocolate tonight at Stephi's On Tremont from 4:00-8:00pm. Come visit us at 571 Tremont Street., Join us tomorrow night at Stephi's On Tremont!, Our gift cards make the perfect gift for friends, family & co-workers! They can be used at Stephi's On Tremont and Stephanie's On Newbury., null, Join us for lunch or dinner and try one of the many items that were featured on TV Diner with Billy Costa! Check it out on Diner for a Day!, T.G.I.F! Join us tonight for a drink and don't forget to make your brunch reservations for tomorrow! We open at 10:00am., Let's go Bruins! Enjoy the game on our HD Tv's in the bar., If you have not seen our holiday decorations yet, join us today!, Call now to reserve! (617) 236-2063, We are serving brunch today until 3:00pm. Come in and enjoy our famous bloody mary!, Come in and see our holiday decorations while you enjoy our pumpkin chuckin signature cocktail!, Happy Thanksgiving! Hoping that you made it to your destinations. We will be open tomorrow for regular hours! Make sure you come in and see our new holiday decorations!, Hoping that the rain tomorrow does not interfere with your travel plans! Come in and enjoy one of our signature cocktails tonight!, Come enjoy our new winter dinner menu while you watch the Patriots play Monday night football on our HD Tv's in the bar!, We are serving brunch today until 3:00pm! Come in and enjoy our famous bloody mary! We serve a full menu in the bar., Guess who got Best Waitstaff..., So great to see the Bruins fans honoring our vets! Welcome home!, Our new winter menu comes out tomorrow! Come in tonight and enjoy the last of our summer/fall menu. The winter menu is looking good, and tastes even better!, Looking for a place to have your holiday party? Our Private dining room can seat up to 14 guests. Book your party today! (617)236-2063, Happy Veteran's Day! Don't forget to make your wish at 11:11am today! It's 11/11/11., Thank you to all those who came out to support our south end soccer fundraiser, we raised almost $3,000!, Join us tonight from 5:00-7:00pm!, We are serving brunch today until 3:00pm. Did you carve your pumpkin this year? Come try our pumpkin chuckin cocktail with
cynamon vodka, house made pumpkin syrup, pumpkin hard cider!, Enjoy our brunch, served from 10am-3pm today. Try the grand marnier battered french toast with egg battered brioche topped with marmalade cream cheese!, Join us on Sunday, November 6th at 5:00pm for a FUNdraiser to support South End Soccer!, What a cold and rainy day! Come see Kate in the bar, to make you one of our new winter warmers!, We are serving brunch today from 10am to 3pm. Enjoy the patio on this beautiful day!, The leaves have changed & so has our drink menu! Come enjoy a classic irish coffee with irish whiskey, sugar, cream, coffee as served by our favorite bar in San Francisco. It is sure to warm you up!, Rain, rain, go away! Looking for an afternoon pick me up?  Try our new blueberry muffin winter warmer: van gogh blueberry vodka, bailey’s irish cream, hot chocolate, with fresh whipped cream and blueberries., It does not feel like fall today, enjoy a bloody mary or mimosa today to cool you off!, Don't forget to make your Columbus day brunch reservations tomorrow from 10am-3pm. It's going to be a beautiful day!, What a beautiful day in the neighborhood! We will be serving a Columbus day brunch on Monday, don’t forget to make your reservations, and enjoy the beautiful holiday weekend!, Join us tonight to watch the Bruins pre-game ceremony on our HD flat screens as they raise their sixth NHL championship banner at 6:30pm with the game following at 7:00pm. Let's go B's!, It's time for our weekend brunch! Served until 3:00pm. Try our famous bloody mary or executive mimosa., Great day to come in for a delicious brunch and a spicy bloody mary. We are open all day, brunch until 3, You have to love this beautiful month we are having. Come enjoy on our patio!, What a beautiful day in the south end! Come grab lunch on the patio!, Time is running out! Get your tickets for Monday nights event. Contact laura@Stephanie's On Newbury.com for questions or tickets!, What a beautiful day in the neighborhood! Don't forget to make your weekend brunch reservations. Mother's day is on Sunday!, Join us for a celebratory evening of fabulous food, fun & entertainment. Hosted by the Chefs & Restauratuers that Jack inspired. Monday, May 16, 2011 6 - 9PM
At the Galleria. Net proceeds will benefit The MGH Heart Center. Contact laura@stephaniesonnewbury.com for any questions!
, Our Summer menu is finally here! Try our new menus and plan your meetings and parties now! Did I mention that the lobster roll is back on the menu? YUM!, Congratulations to all who ran in the Marathon yesterday! Come indulge with our burger special today with barbecue sauce,  bacon,  crispy onions and cheddar cheese., Come join us on Monday during or after the Boston Marathon. Our executive mimosa is the best way to celebrate Patriots Day!, Today is a great day to enjoy brunch on the patio! Come watch the red sox on our HD flat screens!, Make sure you go to the Prudential Skywalk tonight @ 6:30pm for the Taste of Back Bay. We will be passing out a 3 day trial membership to EQUINOX along with a complimentary appetizer for the table at Stephi's On Tremont. See you there!, Come try our chefs dinner special, seared cod with sautéed zucchini and an olive tapenade!, We are serving our saturday brunch today until 3:00pm!, It is beautiful out! Grab a seat on our patio today and enjoy our roasted tomato and red pepper bisque. It is sure to keep you warm!, Enjoy our burger special today! Balsamic marinated tomatoes, fried onions, & blue cheese on a brioche bun., What a beautiful day in the south end! Enjoy our burger special today, horseradish aioli with cheddar cheese and apple crisps on a brioche bun!, We are serving our Saint Patrick's Menu tonight until Sunday! Come in and try the Stephanie's Irish Strew or Traditional Corned Beef & Cabbage!, null, Looking for dinner plans? Come to the Taste of the South End tonight at 7:00pm at Cyclorama! We will be serving chilled seared duck breast, and our Executive Chef, CHOPPED Champion Chef Corey Comeau will be doing a demonstration on pan roasted scallops with corn chowder herb roasted potatoes and buttermilk onion strings!, Don't forget to purchase your ticket for the Taste of the South End tomorrow night!, We are serving brunch today from 10:00am to 3:00pm. Come in for some bloody's & benedicts!, null, Time for bloody's & benedicts! We are serving our saturday brunch until 3:00pm today!, Happy Valentine's Day! We will be serving a special Valentine menu along with our full dinner menu. There is still time to call for a reservation, space is limited. (617)236-2063
, Good Morning! We are serving brunch from 10:00am to 3:00pm today!, Don't forget, Valentine's Day is on Monday! We will have our special menu available all weekend long, along with your Stephi favorites!, Looking for super bowl plans? Come enjoy the game on our HD flatscreen TV's in the bar. Our bar menu is great for sharing, and Jeff will make you a great drink to accompany!, Good Morning! We are serving brunch today from 10:00am to 3:00pm. Ask for Cate in the bar to make you the perfect bloody mary with your benedict!, Looking for comfort through the snow storm?  Come try the arugula, shaved pear and gorgonzola burger special today!, Craving some comfort? Come try our honey mustard pulled pork burger special with onion rings and cheddar cheese! That is sure to fill you right up., More snow means more Stephi specials! Come warm up with a bowl of yankee beef stew or a cup of our roasted garlic tomato soup., We are open normal hours today with some amazing blizzard specials that are sure to warm you up! Try the roasted pumpkin and apple bisque soup or our special bulgogi, which is a classic Korean dish!, Bloody’s and Benedicts! We are serving our weekend brunch today too! From 10:00am-3:00pm. Come watch the Bruins play the Hurricanes @ 1:00pm, Come join us for our famous brunch served until 3:00pm today and the Seattle vs Chicago game on @ 1:00pm in the bar, on our HD flat screens., Long day after a great snow day? Enjoy our new comfort special tonight.  
The coq au vin is red wine braised chicken with onions, garlic 
and mushrooms served over egg noodles., Come join in on the snow day fun with us! We have our comfort menu special tonight that will warm you right up, our yankee beef stew is sure to get the job done., The snow is cleared away and we are open normal hours today starting at 11:30am! We have a snowbird special that will warm you right up,
fried eggs with grilled chorizo, and lyonnaise potatoes!, It is the first Monday of 2011! WOW your family, friends & clients with our chefs burger special!, It is going to be a warm new year's eve! Come share your resolution with us as we ring in 2011 together!, New Year's Eve is just around the corner. Enjoy a complimentary champagne toast and our chef's special menu creations. Follow the link to see the menu!, We are open today, regular hours! Put on your snow boots and come warm up with our burger special or comfort food classics!, The holiday spirit is still in the air! Come enjoy our sunday brunch, serving until 3:00pm. Try the smoked salmon and avocado benedict!, Happy Holidays!, Don't forget to make your Sunday Brunch reservation! Call today. 617-236-2063, Our Execitive Chef Corey Comeau, a recent winner of Food Network’s “Chopped,’’ will share culinary secrets tomorrow at Williams Sonoma at Copley Place starting at 6:00pm. Arrive early, space is limited!, We have a Saturday & Sunday Brunch served until 3:00pm! Come in and try the new Arepa Con Chorizo! Columbian style corn cake and grilled chorizo sausage, 
topped with 2 eggs sunny side up and roasted pico de gallo., It’s cold out! Come in and warm up with a bowl of our chefs special roasted tomato and red pepper soup!, It is a beautiful day here in the south end! Come in and grab a cup of our wild mushroom soup or try our burger special with bbq pulled pork, blue cheese and crispy onions!, Sunday brunch served until 3:00pm today!, null, What a beautiful day in the South End! Stop by and try one of our new "Winter Warmer" Cocktails., Please come out and support us this Saturday! It is going to be a great event., Tune in today at 8:00pm on the Food Network show, "CHOPPED" for an encore performance by our Executive Chef, Corey Comeau!, If you missed our Executive Chef win on the Food Network 'CHOPPED' his episode will air again on October 29th @ 8:00p and on October 30th @ 3:00pm!, Congratulations Chef!, Congratulations to our Executive Chef, Corey Comeau. The Winner of 'CHOPPED' last night!, Watch our Executive Chef, Corey Comeau compete on the Food Network show CHOPPED! It airs tonight at 10:00pm., Our very own Executive Chef, Corey Comeau will be competing on Food Network’s CHOPPED! Can he handle the challenge? Find out with us at the Chopped Premiere Party when the show airs on national television at 10:00pm on Tuesday, October 12th. Be one of the first few to “like” this and you can win the chance to join us from 9:30pm-11:30pm at Stephi’s on Tremont!, Have you seen the new movie, The Social Network? Look for us!!!, The Long weekend is here! We are serving our famous Sunday Brunch on Monday too! 10:00am-3:00pm Book Now!, The seasons are changing, and so is our menu! Keep checking back for the new fall menu!, It is Yankee Magazine's 75th Anniversary, and they picked Stephi's On  Tremont as their feature prize! Make sure you enter to win! It's FREE!, What a Beautiful day in the South End! Stop in for a Drink or Dinner. It will be a great night for people watching on the patio!, Weekend Forecast for Boston: SUNNY! Make sure you call for a reservation, 617-236-2063., Stop by for our new August Wine Features from Australia!, It is almost time to start thinking about your weekend plans! Call to book the Private Dining Room!, Cool off in the bar while you enjoy our beverage features for July and watch the Germany vs. Spain World Cup Game!, It is a beautiful day here in the south end! Come grab a seat on the patio!, Head on over to enjoy our Burger Special, with barbecue sauce, cheddar cheese, beacon and onion strings on a brioche bun! YUMM!, null)