List(Dr. Zhong-Ren Chen of Department of Polymer Science and Engineering, Ningbo University, China will be visiting us on August 12, 2015 and will deliver a seminar talk at 2:00 PM in PEAC 307.  Dr. Chen used to work at Bridgestone Americas in Akron before accepting a faculty position at Ningbo University in China, where he currently holds an administrative position. 

Attached is the seminar announcement including a brief biography.  I hope you can join us at this seminar.  Please contact Dr. Sadhan Jana (janas@uakron.edu) if you would like to meet him for an individual meeting., Scientists unearth ecosystem puzzle piece.

http://www.uakron.edu/im/news/scientists-unearth-ecosystem-puzzle-piece, Biology professor Don Ott comments on a Akron Beacon Journal story on bird's nest fungus.

http://www.ohio.com/lifestyle/ask-mary/ask-mary-beth-what-s-that-fungus-growing-in-my-mulch-1.607060, Please see the public Doctoral Disseration defense announcement for Ashley Wain for July 17, 2015 at 12pm., The July edition of the Bath Country Journal includes a story on alumni Lara Roketenetz, new manager of the UA Field Station (Page 29)

http://www.scriptype.com/uploaded/docs/559955c54ed69_B0715.pdf, Biology professor Todd Blackledge comments in a CBS News story on research that shows spiders have the ability to ‘sail’ across bodies of water.

http://www.cbsnews.com/news/water-dances-make-spiders-expert-sailors/, Biology doctoral candidates Candido Diaz and Gaurav Amarpuri will be helping search and record species along Haley’s Run in next month’s Bioblitz restoration event, detailed in West Side Leader. 


http://www.akron.com/pages.asp?aID=26912, Please see the public Doctoral Disseration defense announcement for Justin Brantner for June 18, 2015 at 12pm., Research into structural color patterns conducted by associate professor Matthew Shawkey, professor Ali Dhinojwala, and graduate student Ming Xiao along with colleagues at another university has been covered by Science Newsline, Health Medicine Network, Controlled Environments. 

http://www.sciencenewsline.com/articles/2015060819240065.html

http://healthmedicinet.com/i/researchers-analyze-the-structure-of-bird-feathers-to-create-hues-without-dye/

http://www.cemag.us/news/2015/06/these-colors-dont-run, Professor Randy Mitchell will help celebrate National Pollinator Week at the Bath Nature Preserve as he leads a hike this Saturday. See the Akron Beacon Journal link for details below.

http://www.ohio.com/news/local/local-news-briefs-june-7-1.598221, University of Akron researcher Shaylyn Hatch and her colleague Jake Sines are studying migration and stopover landscapes of tree-roosting bats along the southwestern shores of Lake Erie.

https://www.facebook.com/permalink.php?story_fbid=10153290725381469&id=234262896468, Professor Todd Blackledge comments in a LiveScience story on misconceptions involving the black widow spider.

http://www.livescience.com/51014-black-widow-spiders-misconceptions.html, Popular Science reports UA postdoctoral fellow Branislav Igic and a team of researchers used a 3D-printer to create lifelike eggs as they studied how robins decide to toss cowbird eggs out of their nests.

http://www.popsci.com/fake-egg-lifelike-enough-fool-bird, http://www.ohio.com/news/local/new-manager-named-for-university-of-akron-field-station-in-bath-preserve-1.594628, Just a friendly reminder that Biology Scholarship Award applications are due tomorrow, Friday, April 10 @ 4 pm in ASEC D401., Breakthrough spider silk findings by professor of biology Todd Blackledge in collaboration with Morton Professor, polymer science, Ali Dhinojwala are noted in the recent issue of Nature.

http://www.nature.com/nature/journal/v519/n7544_supp/full/519S4a.html, The US Army Medical Department will be on campus tomorrow Thursday, March 19 at 3:30pm in ASEC D404 to discuss how students can earn scholarships for medical or dental school., Dr. Mark Rebeiz, University of Pittsburgh will be giving our colloquium Thursday, March 19 at 4pm in ASEC Biology room B201. His title is “Morphological Evolution:the modification and origination of nodes and networks in development." Access to some of his work can be found at the link below:

http://www.biology.pitt.edu/person/mark-rebeiz, Applications for scholarships in Biology are in the Biology main office (ASEC D401). The applications are due back Friday, April 10 by 4pm., Associate professor of Biology, Dr. Matthew Shawkey comments on new research into how chameleons change color in a story posted in The Scientist.

http://www.the-scientist.com/?articles.view/articleNo/42396/title/How-Chameleons-Change-Colors/, Summer employment as a Mosquito Control Field Technician through Summit County Public Health. Please see the listing below., Dr. Jared Talbot, from The Ohio State University will be presenting the Biology Department Seminar " Using CRISPR mutagenesis to understand zebrafish fast muscle activation" Thursday, March 5th starting at 4 pm in ASEC B201.

Dr. Talbot got his BS in biology from Cornell university, where he began to focus on development and genetics. He then pursued doctoral studies in Charles Kimmel's lab at the University of Oregon, where he used zebrafish to study skeletal development. Jared began his Amacher lab Post-doc in 2011, and switched his focus from skeleton to muscles. He is presently studying the signaling processes that trigger muscle cell maturation., Please see the announcement for the Pittcon Lecture through the Department of Chemistry for March 5th in the Student Union Theater. Hors D’oeuvres served from 3-4 pm.   Lecture begins at 4 pm., Professor Stanislav Gorb will be presenting the Biology Department Seminar  "Biomimetic adhesive microstructures as an approach to understand functioning of biological systems" today starting at 4 pm in ASEC B201.

Professor Gorb is the group leader of the Functional Morphology and Biomechanics group at the University of Kiel (Germany).
Access to some of his work can be found at the link below:

http://www.uni-kiel.de/zoologie/gorb/topics.html, Please see the announcement for the Department of Chemistry seminar for February 25th., Biology laboratory coordinator Amy Hollingsworth is quoted in a Yahoo! story on foods that can have undesired side effects.

https://www.yahoo.com/health/asparagus-pee-pine-nut-mouth-and-other-crazy-110265880077.html, Jennifer Chandler, a biology doctoral candidate of West Virginia University will be giving our colloquium Thursday, February 19 at 4pm in ASEC Biology room B201. Her title is “Variable effects of timber harvest on the survival, growth, and reproduction of American ginseng (Panax quinquefolius L.). Access to some of her work can be found at the link below:

http://jenniferlchandler.weebly.com/, Please see the announcement for the Department of Chemistry seminar for February 18th., Dr. Stephen Abedon of The Ohio State University will be giving our colloquium Thursday, February 12 at 4pm in ASEC Biology room B201. His title is “Thinking Outside of the Test Tube: Phage Therapy Pharmacology, Ecology, and the Complications of Spatial Structure. Access to some of his work can be found at the link below:

http://microbiology.osu.edu/faculty/abedon-stephen, UA and professor Peter Niewiarowski  are cited in an Akron Beacon Journal editorial on efforts underway to make biomimicry a distinctive and innovative part of northeast Ohio’s economy.

http://www.ohio.com/editorial/with-nature-as-our-guide-1.565103, Is there life on Mars?

http://www.uakron.edu/im/news/life-on-mars-hazel-barton, Please see the announcement for the Department of Chemistry seminar for February 4th., Dr. Vikram Shyam of Nasa Glenn Research will be giving our IB seminar today at 215pm in ASEC Biology room B201. His title is “Aerospace, Biomimicry and Cool things” and he works on interesting interfaces between propulsion and biomimetics.  For example, studying flow around seal whiskers relates to new aeropropulsion concepts. Access to some of his work can be found at the link below:

http://nari.arc.nasa.gov/shyam


Please join us for the talk if you can., This week's Biology seminar (co-sponsored by the Integrated Bioscience Program) will be on "Global population dynamics and risk of vaccine escape in Rotavirus" and will be presented by Dr. Robert Woods of The University of Michigan.

 The seminar will be Friday (January 23rd) at 2:15 P.M. In Mary Gladwin Hall room 111., Please see the announcement for the Department of Chemistry seminar for January 21st., Attached is the schedule for the Spring 2015 Biology Colloquim., Branislav Igic, a postdoctoral fellow at UA, is lead author of a study on the surprisingly glossy sheen of eggs produced by a South American bird that continues to attract media attention. Physics World is the latest media outlet to report on the research of Igic and his team into the mirror-like finish of eggs produced by tinamous.

http://physicsworld.com/cws/article/news/2015/jan/06/nanostructure-puts-the-gloss-on-avian-eggshells, Research by lead author Branislav Igic, a postdoctoral fellow in the Department of Biology and Integrated Bioscience Program, on bird eggs that change color is posted on Discovery.com.
http://news.discovery.com/animals/endangered-species/bird-lays-shimmering-egg-that-changes-color-141209.htm, This week's Biology seminar (co-sponsored by Geosciences) will be on "The evolutionary potential of colony traits." and will be presented by Dr. Carl Simpson of The Smithsonian Institution.

The seminar will be Thursday (December 4) at 4:00 P.M. In Auburn Science and Engineering Center room B201.

Dr. Simpson will be here all day Thursday and half of Friday so Please let me know if you would like a chance to meet with him.
I hope to see you at the talk!, Doctoral student Ryan Trimbath, a natural resources intern with Summit Metro Parks, talks turkey with the West Side Leader. That is, he describes why there are plenty of the big birds in the Metro Parks and across Ohio.

http://www.akron.com/akron-ohio-community-news.asp?aID=24989, This coming Tuesday, Nov 25 Dr. Randy Mitchell's entomology class will host a guest lecturer - one of the Youngstown entrepeneurs who have started Big Cricket Farms.  These guests will talk about their experience in starting and running a cricket farm to produce human-grade entomophagical products.   Yes, that's for people to eat crickets.
http://bigcricketfarms.com/ 

I thought this topic might be of interest to our students, especially since these are young recent biology graduates trying to start an independent business, so I'm extending an invitation - if you or anyone else you know might be interested, please feel free to join us at 12:15 on Tuesday Nov 25, in room ASEC B201.  

To tell the truth I'm not quite sure what to expect from this, but their website shows a lot of spunk and imagination, and it ought to be fun.

Hope to see you next Tuesday!, Professor Todd Blackledge and his work are profiled by QUEST Ohio in a feature titled, ‘Secrets of the Spider Web.’

http://science.kqed.org/quest/video/secrets-of-the-spider-web/, Wetland Exploration with Buchtel CLC 

Do you know more than a 7th grader? Do you know what a wetland is? Watch how science comes to life with Buchtel CLC 7th graders as they explore weltands at the Panzner Wildlife Reserve in Akron, OH. This exploration is an example of the Project Based Learning initiative in the school system. 

http://youtu.be/AJGObDXEmhg
Photo Gallery:

http://bit.ly/ZkWk02, This week's scheduled Biology Colloquium speaker,  Dr. Peggy Ostrom will be rescheduling her talk so there will be no Seminar this week. 

Look for her next semester when she gives her talk on  "Stable Isotopes in Ecosystem Studies"., Two of our Akron biology alumni (Angela Santin and Sarah Edmonds) are profiled in Cosmopolitan on 5 Fascinating Jobs You Can Get With a Biology Degree.

http://www.cosmopolitan.com/career/a33055/biology-degree-jobs-career/, Please see the announcement for the Department of Chemistry seminar for November 18th., AkzoNobel and the College of Polymer Science and Polymer Engineering at The University of Akron have invited you to attend The AkzoNobel Business and Technology Symposium to be held in the Goodyear Polymer Center on Friday, November 21, 2014.  Please see the attached announcement for details.  To attend, you must register online at https://2014-akzonobel-akron-symposium.eventbrite.com, no later than 5 p.m. on Friday, November 14, 2014., We are hosting our 3rd Permaculture Design Certification course starting in February 2015. It will be held over 7 weekends and is made up of 90 hours of instruction from both local and national instructors in permaculture. Biomimicry and permaculture share many of the same principles and I hope some of your students might be interested.

The link to the course information/registration and a video that we put out about the course can be found at: www.greentriangle.org


-- 
Lara D. Roketenetz
University of Akron
Biology Department
Program in Integrated Biosciences, Please see the announcement for the Department of Chemistry seminar for November 11th., Biology professor Dr. Randy Mitchell is quoted in The Repository in a story on this year’s  bumper crop of acorns in Ohio.

http://www.indeonline.com/article/20141102/News/141109912#ixzz3I0Lpq17E, Please see the announcement for the Department of Chemistry seminar for November 4th., This week's Biology colloquium will be on 
"Effects of dispersal on the stability of aquatic metapopulations and metacommunities" and will be presented by Dr. Chris Steiner 
of Wayne State University in Detroit. 

The lecture will be Thursday, November 6th  and will begin at 4pm in ASEC B201., This week's Biology Department seminar speaker is co-sponsored by the Department of Geosciences. The talk will be presented by . . .  

 AMY TOWNSEND-SMALL
UNIVERSITY OF CINCINNATI, 
DEPARTMENT OF GEOLOGY

Her talk will be on . . . 
"Climatic and anthropogenic feedbacks to atmospheric methane emissions"

As is usual the talk is at 4pm Thursday in room ASEC B201., From Dr. Londraville

Karen Frascello, a Biology alum now working at a pharmaceutical comp. that does orphan drugs, is speaking to my class next Tuesday at 11 AM.  Class is in ASEC B221.  My class is small, so it would be great if you could attend.
 Appropriate to any level (grad or undergrad)- anyone interested in a career in Biology (she will be talking about careers-not a lecture on pharmaceutical development).  Please let me know if you will attend., Please see the announcement for the Department of Chemistry seminar for October 28th., FIrst Annual Bio-Department Corn-maze and Pumpkin Carving

We will be meeting at Szalay's (4563 Riverview Rd Peninsula, OH 44264) on Sunday the 26th at 1pm to do the maze and purchase pumpkins (either part is optional). Afterwards, everyone is invited to our house to carve pumpkins and drink cider. Our address is 53 S. Highland Ave. Apt 1 in Akron. I can also pick people up from school if they do not have a rides.

This is a completely family oriented event. Feel free to bring significant others, children (I don't know the policy on dogs, but I'm sure cats on leashes are fine) and alumni. 
 The carving party is also family oriented. Depending on turn out, this may be a bring your own knife carving, however, we should have a few to pass around., On Thursday, Oct 23, Dr. Dayna Baumeister of Biomimicry Institute will be presenting the Departmental seminar in Biology, titled:

“Why Biomimicry Needs Academia”

Dayna is a co-founder of The Biomimicry Institute, co-director of the forming Biomimicry Center at Arizona State University and adjunct professor at Ontario College of Art and Design and a Dana Meadows Fellow of the Sustainability Institute. Dayna has been a leading advocate, practitioner, and educator in the field of Biomimicry since 1998 and has developed programs and materials to train students and specialists in Biomimicry and she has consulted with 100s of companies on Biomimicry as a tool for innovation and sustainability.

The seminar will be at 4pm in B201, Biology., Please see the announcement from Stark State College Biotechnology program seminar for October 31st., Please see the announcement for the Department of Chemistry seminar for October 21st., Associate professor Hazel Barton appeared on WAKR-AM last Friday morning, where she discussed the Ebola virus and how it could potentially evolve. Associate professor Terry O’Sullivan also appeared on WAKR-AM today to talk about the overall response to the Ebola situation by local health officials.

http://wakr.net/news/itemlist/tag/hazel%20barton, Please see the announcement for the Department of Chemistry seminar for October 14th., This week's Biology Department seminar speaker will be . . .

Dr. Jesse Young
North East Ohio College of Medicine, Department of Anatomy and Neurobiology

The title of his talk will be 
"Behavioral Mechanics: Physical Constraints on Mammalian Locomotor Performance"

As is usual the talk is at 4pm Thursday in room ASEC B201., Associate professors Terry O’Sullivan and Hazel Barton are featured in a story that aired on WKYC-TV 3 on whether there’s a danger of the Ebola virus spreading in the U.S.

http://www.wkyc.com/video/3818202815001/1/Public-health-experts-size-up-Ebola-risks, Biology 1991. #tbt, 
Bring your lunch and learn about Dr. Hazel Barton’s research.
Hazel Barton, Associate Professor of Microbiology and Geology, will present Microbes and Monks: Collaborative Research in Belgium on Wednesday, October 8 at 12pm in the Auburn Science & Engineering Center, Room D404.

For more details, visit the Office of Research Administration blog. 
http://blogs.uakron.edu/researchnewsinfo/2014/09/17/research-for-lunch-hazel-barton/
Faculty, staff, and students are encouraged to attend. RSVP Kelly Meyer, ORA, by email RschSrvsGA8@uakron.edu
, Announcing a special course for Spring 2015. Field Marine Phycology 3100:444/544 over Spring Break on San Salvador Island, Bahamas. Please see Dr. Ott in ASEC D409 for more information., Our biology colloquium seminar "Biodegradability of organic additives in hydraulic fracturing fluids across a Redox and salinity gradient" will be presented by Dr. Paula Mouser from The Ohio State University's Department of Civil, Environmental, & Geodetic Engineering on Thursday, September 25, at 4 p.m. in Auburn Science and Engineering Center B201., The Department of Chemistry will host the Knight Lecturer – Dr. Jonathan Sweedler on Tuesday, September 23 and Wednesday, September 24., Please see the announcement for the Department of Chemistry seminar for September 16th., Please see the public Doctoral Disseration defense announcement for Mark Dalman for September 15, 2014 at 10am., The University of Akron Biology Department’s Neuroscience in Health and Disease class has taken the ice-bucket challenge today with over 100 liters of ice cold water.  

We are the first neuroscience class in the US to do the challenge, and we have challenged the Kent State Department of Biological Sciences and all neuroscience classes across the country to take the challenge.  The students also donated $330 to the ALS association and the Biology department faculty and staff will match this donation.  So the total amount raised for the ALS association is $660.

UC Davis Neuroscience; Duke University Department of Psychology & Neuroscience; @Kent State University Department of Biological Sciences; @Temple University Undergraduate Neuroscience; University of Michigan Neuroscience Graduate Program; @University of Rochester, Neuroscience Graduate Program; @Department of Neuroscience, Carleton University., The University of Akron-Department of Biology's Neuroscience:Health and Disease class taking the ALS Ice Bucket Challenge. Video to post shortly., Welcome back to the grind! For the first day of class we highly recommend becoming friends with your class syllabus. TIP: Go through it, know the class rules, and take the time to mark the due dates in a calendar. Find an organizing app that works for you and download the UA Mobile app., Please see the public Doctoral Disseration defense announcement for Rafael Maia for July 31, 2014 at 9am., Please see the public Doctoral Disseration defense announcement for Chad Eliason for July 29, 2014 at 1pm., There is a special seminar tomorrow June 25th at 3pm in Goodyear Polymer Center (Room 218) on spider silk. I-Min Tso is visiting from Tunghai University (Taiwan) and will speak about

Designing Biomimetic Fibers with Desired Features
Inspirations from Orb Web Spiders, Future doctor to focus on patients of four-legged variety.

http://www.uakron.edu/im/online-newsroom/news_details.dot?newsId=59ff34ee-2348-4876-aa4f-6dd27b4b1bbc&pageTitle=Top%20Story%20Headline&crumbTitle=This%20future%20doctor%20to%20focus%20on%20patients%20of%20four-legged%20variety, Hazel Barton, associate professor of biology in UA’s Buchtel College of Arts and Sciences, is among the researchers being awarded $1.8 million in grants by the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service for research on white-nose syndrome, a fungal infection decimating the North American bat population. http://www.cleveland.com/metro/index.ssf/2014/06/bats_are_helpful_not_scary_-_a.html, UA associate professor of biology Hazel Barton and graduate student Kelsey Njus were interviewed for a WKSU-FM Exploradio piece about their discovery of a North American bat with a natural immunity to the deadly White Nose Syndrome, which is leading some species to extinction. 
http://www.wksu.org/news/story/39333
, Please see a job opportunity from the US EPA., This job posting for a Forensic Scientist is floating out there, thought some people might be interested.  http://agency.governmentjobs.com/ohio/default.cfm?action=viewJob&jobID=878549, Congratulations to Stephen McNulty!  http://www.uakron.edu/im/online-newsroom/news_details.dot?newsId=f82fea9f-4a23-4b8f-a56a-4477b711abec&pageTitle=Top%20Story%20Headline&crumbTitle=Stephen%20McNulty:%20Finds%20his%20calling%20is%20in%20medicine, Just over a week left of the semester!  How many of our followers are graduating this year?!?, Research by Matthew Shawkey, associate professor of biology and integrated bioscience, and Liliana D’Alba, visiting assistant professor, reveals that the Australian brush-turkey’s eggshell surface blocks bacteria. Coverage is available from Nature at http://www.nature.com/news/nanoparticles-make-turkey-eggs-tough-to-crack-1.15039 and Authint Mail at https://www.authintmail.com/article/science-environment/waterproof-layer-protects-turkey-eggs-bacteria. , UA professors of biology R. Joel Duff and Richard Londraville were interviewed for a WKSU-FM science segment featuring their discovery of leptin in birds. This continuing coverage is available at http://www.wksu.org/news/feature/exploradio/38848. , null, Visiting Professors, Post Doc's and our own Dr. Shawkey make the cover of Journal of Experimental Biology.  http://www.uakron.edu/im/online-newsroom/news_details.dot?newsId=bc8a8c47-16be-4a76-a240-c17e44c34939&pageTitle=Top%20Story%20Headline&crumbTitle=Bumpy%20eggshells%20thwart%20bacteria, Research spearheaded by Peter Niewiarowski, professor of biology in UA’s Buchtel College of Arts and Sciences, on the spotted salamander is featured in the Akron Beacon Journal at http://www.ohio.com/news/local/university-of-akron-students-on-the-trail-of-steiner-woods-salamanders-1.479879 . This story also includes quotes from Scott Thomas, a Ph.D. student in UA’s Integrated Bioscience Program., Our biology colloquium seminar "Saprotrophy of the White-nose Syndrome fungus and implications for bats" will be presented by Dr. Hannah Reynolds from The Ohio State University's Department of Plant Pathology on Thursday, April 17, at 4 p.m. in Auburn Science and Engineering Center B201., Employment in Natural Resources Management and Positions in Natural Resource Conservation. For more information, please check out www.thegreatbasininstitute.org, A scholarship opportunity from the Ohio EPA and Ohio Environmental Educational Fund. the application deadline is coming up May 1 for scholarships funded through Ohio EPA and administered by the Ohio Academy of Science.  Students with an environmental focus in related fields such as biology, geology and civil engineering are also eligible to apply.   $2,500 scholarships are available for the 2014-2015’s academic year to fourth-year students in four-year programs, and $1,250 scholarships are available for second year students in two-year programs. Applications are on the link below.

http://ohiosci.org/oeef-scholarship/, Please see the announcement for Neuroscience in Health and Disease for Dr. Jordan Renna this fall.,  
Matthew Shawkey, associate professor of biology, is noted in a Philadelphia Inquirer article about fossil clues to the colors of winged dinosaurs. http://www.newsobserver.com/2014/03/30/3739099/study-led-by-ncsu-grad-student.html?sp=/99/102/114
, Londraville lab featured on WKYC Channel 3 news in reference to the appetite control hormone in birds. 
http://www.wkyc.com/videos/news/features/2014/03/30/7081137/, UA professors of biology R. Joel Duff, Richard Londraville and Amy Milsted, associate biology professor Matthew Shawkey, undergraduate students Cameron Schmidt and Donald Gasper, and former Integrated Bioscience doctoral students Jeremy Prokop and Hope Ball discovered leptin in birds. Coverage is available from PhyOrg, http://phys.org/news/2014-03-discovery-hormone-birds.html; Newstrack India, http://www.newstrackindia.com/newsdetails/2014/03/25/116--Missing-hormone-found-in-birds-.html; Innovations Report, http://www.innovations-report.com/html/reports/life-sciences/new-discovery-finds-missing-hormone-in-birds.html; and others.
 
, Matthew Shawkey, associate professor of integrated bioscience, was quoted in a Philadelphia Inquirer article about fossil clues to the colors of winged dinosaurs. 

http://www.philly.com/philly/news/nation_world/20140319_The_Mystery_of_Oblong_Blogs.html, Please see a summer job opportunity from Summit County Board of Health., The speaker for the Biology Department colloquium on March 20 at 4 PM will be Dr Jacqueline K. Morris from Baldwin-Wallace University.  Dr Morris is the Director of the Neuroscience Program at  BWU.
The title of her talk is "Short stories in neurodegeneration: microRNAs, PADs and ADNP"

Coffee and cookies will be available before the talks in Room ASEC B201., What's going on around the department?  Send us some pics of your studies and share with us all., A new discovery by Matthew Shawkey, UA associate professor of biology, Liliana D’Alba, post doctoral researcher, and an international team of scientists suggests a physiological transition occurred in dinosaurs at the origin of feathers. Continuing coverage is available from Time, http://science.time.com/2014/02/12/dinosaurs-colorful-feathers/;  Science Blog, http://scienceblog.com/70380/scientists-rethink-the-color-and-fuzz-of-dinosaurs/; Discovery Channel News, http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xW3GO59lX84; ABC Science, http://www.abc.net.au/science/articles/2014/02/13/3943142.htm; RedOrbit, http://www.redorbit.com/news/science/1113070988/revision-rules-decipher-color-in-dinosaurs-suggests-connection-between-color-physiology-021314/; WN, http://article.wn.com/view/2014/02/14/When_did_feathered_dinosaurs_become_warmblooded_The_Universi/l; and Smithsonian Magazine, http://www.smithsonianmag.com/science-nature/colorful-plumage-began-with-feathered-dinosaurs-180949691/., Our speaker for Feb 20 colloquium will be Dr. Adina Brett-Morris from Case Western Reserve University.  The title of her talk is "SAT1 (Spermidine/spermine-N1-acetyltrasferase ) promotes radiation resistance in glioblastoma multiforme.", "Relaxin’: It's Not Just For Females Anymore!" will be presented by Dr. Jacqueline Novak from Walsh University’s Division of Math & Science on Thursday, Feb.13, at 4 p.m. in Auburn Science and Engineering Center B201., Please see the announcement for ST: Marine Ecology of Maine for Dr. Steve Weeks this coming summer session II. Dates of the trip are August 8-17th, 2014., Please see the below message from Gregory Buchan in reference to the Biochemistry Club. 

Dear Biology Majors,

My name is Greg Buchan and I would like to invite you to join the Biochemistry Club. You do not have to be a biochemistry major; you need only an interest in biochemistry. Since most of us enjoy eating and breathing, everyone has somewhat of an interest in this topic! We hope to build camaraderie between the fields of biology and chemistry and provide an instructional environment between upperclassmen and lowerclassmen. We also hope to bring in experts of the field and have students and faculty discuss their research so that undergraduates have an idea of what to do after graduation and develop a greater passion for what they do. If you are interested please email me to let me know as we are in the process of establishing the first formal meeting. Thank you!

Best regards,
Greg Buchan
President of the Biochemistry Club
The University of Akron
gjb15@zips.uakron.edu, Cleveland Botanical Gardens Horticulture internship opportunity., Hazel Barton, associate professor of biology, and postdoctoral fellow Hannah Reynolds uncovered new clues about White-Nose Syndrome, a deadly disease that could lead to extinction of regional North American bat populations. http://www.natureworldnews.com/articles/5816/20140129/white-nose-syndrome-unstoppable-deadly-bat-disease-thrive-caves-without.htm, null, Please see the announcement for the Department of Chemistry seminar for January 22nd., Sign Up to Be a Science Fair Judge!

The Akron Public Schools Math, Science, and Technology Expo is coming up soon. With 450 projects / 663 students registered, we need YOU!  

The Expo will be held on Saturday January 25, 2014 at North High School (Click here for Map Quest Directions to 985 Gorge Boulevard, Akron, OH 44310-2489).  Deadline for Registration: January 23, 2014

Please consider volunteering to help out- college, grad, and professional students are welcome!  

Judging categories (you can sign up for up to 5):
•	Behavioral/Social
•	Biochemistry
•	Botany
•	Chemistry
•	Computer Science
•	Earth and Space Science
•	Engineering
•	Environmental Science
•	Mathematics
•	Medicine and Health
•	Microbiology
•	Physics
•	Zoology
Registration, schedule, and additional information:  

http://www.akronschools.com/departments/ci/teaching-and-learning/science/science-fair/
 
OR
 
Go the APS home page (http://www.akronschools.com)
Click on the tab above Department
Scroll down and click on Science
Click on Science, Math, and Technology Expo and Other Science Fairs located on the left sidebar menu
Select Registration for Booth, UA offers free online tutoring in writing, math, statistics, biology (including anatomy and physiology), chemistry, physics and accounting. eTutoring provides trained faculty and student tutors through the Ohio eTutoring Collaborative, and is especially helpful in supporting online and distance-learning courses.
•	eWriting Lab: Students can submit up to three drafts of a paper to the asynchronous eWriting Lab and should have a detailed response in 24 to 48 hours.
•	eChat: Students can chat with tutors in math, statistics, biology, chemistry and accounting. The weekly schedule is posted at the UA page of the eTutoring platform.
•	eQuestions: Students can post a question in any of the subject areas where eTutoring is offered, and a tutor will send a response.
UA students just need to visit the UA homepage at www.eTutoring.org to register. eTutoring opens on Tuesday, Jan. 21, and will be available through the last day of spring semester classes. , Summit College Tutorial Services, located on the third floor of the Polsky Building, can help with a wide variety of courses and topics. We provide one-on-one tutoring in the following areas:
• Math courses from Basic Math through Calculus 
• Writing assignments and papers from any course 
• Study skills and test-taking strategies 
• Basic Accounting I & II 
• Biology, chemistry and physics 
• Basic computer skills, including Microsoft Office and SpringBoard 
• Using library research tools 
• Graduate school cover letters and applications 
Students can make advance appointments that best fit their schedules by calling the Appointment Hotline at (330) 972-7046 or by stopping by the main reception desk. Drop-ins are welcome on a first-come, first-served basis. There is no additional cost to students for this assistance., Welcome back to the grind!  For the first day of class we highly recommend becoming friends with your class syllabus.  TIP: Go through it, know the class rules, and take the time to mark the due dates in a calendar.  Find an organizing app that works for you and download the UA Mobile app., Please see the Doctoral Disseration defense announcement for Tim Astrop for January 10, 2014 at 10am., The Midwest Ecology and Evolution Conference (MEEC) is an annual migratory conference that is student hosted and attended from institutions located in the Midwestern United States.  The conference supplies an outstanding opportunity for graduate and undergraduate students to showcase their research, network with students and faculty from surrounding institutions, and make connections with potential graduate or post-doctoral advisors.  MEEC provides a low pressure, safe environment for young scientists to explore new ideas, practice their delivery of scientific findings, and present at a regional conference.  If you want more details, check out their Facebook page.  https://www.facebook.com/MEEC.conference, The University is open today.  Dress warm.  Lots of layers.  Time to test out your winter hats, mittens and scarfs!, This picture was taken in the Biology Department...Can anyone tell us where the item in the picture is located?, null, Congratulations to all the students that graduated this past weekend.  From all of us in the biology department-, Only a few finals left! Unwind at the Study Union with extended hours for studying until 3AM! Subway open until 1AM!, Most students don't know how many people it takes to get final exams and grades done. We would like to thank all the TA's, RA's, Secretaries, Admin. Assistant’s, student assistants, students and professors that make it happen almost seamlessly, http://www.uakron.edu/safety/away.dot
UA Police and the city police will team up  to make FREE periodic checks of unoccupied student homes in some neighborhoods near campus.
Registration for the Winter Break checks runs today until Dec. 19, Rob’s Café will host a Pancake Study Break on Monday from 9 to 11 p.m. The food is free for all students with valid Zip Cards, null, Our last colloquium speaker for 2013 will be our own Jordan Renna, who has graciously agreed to fill in for an unexpected cancellation. 

Jordan will speak about "Bright Lights, Late Nights, and Long Flights, The Role of Melanopsin in Visual System Development" on Thursday, December 5 at 4 p.m. in Auburn Science and Engineering Center B201. 

Dr. Renna is, of course, an Assistant Professor in The University of Akron' Department of Biology.  If you'd like to talk to him, you know where he is. He doesn't bite and would probably be happy to have someone drop in unexpectedly as he works desperately to finish off his first semester of classes and get his lab up and running.  No, really, he'd love it!, Ryan Trimbath, a UA student interning with Metro Parks, Serving Summit County, presented to the park district’s governing board about the success of restored wetlands in northern Summit County. This Akron Beacon Journal story is available at 

http://www.ohio.com/news/local/restored-liberty-park-wetland-a-big-hit-with-birds-1.447159 ., The Biology Christmas tree is up. Many thanks to Mrs. Robinson and our student assistant Jennifer Craig., Our colloquium guest this week will be Dr. Mary Gardiner.  She  will speak about “Can change in urban population size represent an opportunity to enhance predator biodiversity and biocontrol services in shrinking cities?" on Thursday, November 21 at 4 p.m. in Auburn Science and Engineering Center B201. 

Dr. Gardiner is an Assistant Professor at OSU’s OARDC (Ohio Agricultural Research and Development Center).  Her lab studies the ecology and management of urban and agricultural habitats. She is particularly interested in how ecosystem management and landscape context influence relationships between biodiversity, ecosystem function and ecosystem services.   As part of her work she coordinates the “Buckeye Lady Beetle Blitz,’ a citizen science campaign to collect data on lady beetle diversity and abundance.  She also has interests in pollination as an ecosystem service., November 18th is the final deadline for Thesis submissions.  Time to git 'er done!, Information on a Summer ORISE Fellowship opportunity at CDC has been posted on boards around the department.  Stop and check them out if you are interested., This week's seminar speaker bring a molecular and proteomic viewpoint to the fore.  Dr. Michelle Jones will speak Thursday at 4 in ASEC B201 about “Programmed cell death allows for nutrient remobilization during flower senescence". 

Dr. Jones is the D.C. Kiplinger Chair in Floriculture at OSU’s OARDC (Ohio Agricultural Research and Development Center).  Her research seeks to advance the science and practice of floriculture, and to improve ornamental plants for both producers and consumers using molecular and physiological approaches. 

Her web page mentions that her research interests include:
    Proteomic analysis of petal senescence
    Understanding the molecular and biochemical regulation of senescence in plants
    Developing molecular tools for floriculture crop improvement
    Preventing ethylene damage in the greenhouse
    Enhancing drought tolerance during shipping and retailing More information on the web at:

http://oardc.osu.edu/joneslab/t07_pageview/Home.htm, null, Week 11 almost over.  The end is in sight.  Fight 'til the end!, This week our seminar speaker will be Dr. Reed Johnson an Assistant Professor of Entomology at OSU's OARDC (Ohio Agricultural Research and Development Center).  His research seeks methods and approaches for protecting pollinators from toxins they encounter in the environment.  
He will speak about "Colony collapse disorder and modern challenges to honey bee health " on Thursday, November 7 at 4 p.m. in Auburn Science and Engineering Center B201. 

More information from his webpage: " Insect pollinators are vital for the production of many fruits, nuts and vegetables, including apples, blueberries, almonds, tomatoes and pumpkins.   These crops are also vulnerable to pests and diseases, which are often controlled by farmers using pesticides.  However, pesticides may be toxic to insect pollinators, setting up a conflict between the need for pollination and the need for pest and disease control.

In our lab we are seeking to understand how to protect pollinators from the pesticides and toxins they encounter.  The managed European honey bee, Apis mellifera, serves as a model pollinator for toxicological testing.  While the honey bee is the most economically important pollinator in the U.S. and serves as an excellent model species, we are also interested in understanding pesticide toxicity in other pollinating insects as well.

Current projects include:

1. Comparative toxicogenomics between pollinating bee species: honey bees (Apis mellifera), bumble bees (Bombus impatiens), alfalfa leafcutter bees (Megachile rotundata) and squash bees (Peponapis pruinosa) 

2. Assessment of honey bee immature survival using a photographic method and analysis by volunteers at http://broodmapper.com

3. Comparing the success of managed honey bee colonies in urban and rural environments in Ohio 

http://oardc.osu.edu/phone_single.asp?id=4219, Dr.Coopers A&P class is full.  We cannot go over the limit so watch for drops online or give some love to Dr. Hines and Dr. Ramirez!, Materials and polymer chemists have spent many years devising new chemical products that harvest light for solar and light-emitting applications.  These properties are well-aligned with the requirements for highly sensitive fluorescence labeling, yet the design of these materials must be modified to accomodate biological requirements of water solubility and specificity.  In order to prepare biocompatible and easily biologically targeted light-harvesting polymers, we have exploited Fluorogen Activating Peptides (FAPs), a new class of expressible fluorescent tag that can be used to activate fluorescence of low-fluorescence dye molecules by specific binding interactions.  We have prepared a series of tandem dye molecules where the fluorgen is used as an acceptor molecule in an intramolecular Forster Resonant Energy Transfer (FRET) pair, and investigated the resulting spectroscopic properties.  We find that binding modulates the spectroscopic properties of the tandem dye fluorogens, resulting in probes that are activated on binding.  A single fluorogenic acceptor, coupled to one or many fluorescent donors results in efficient FRET-based sensitization of the fluorogen, enhancing extinction coefficients by up to 10-fold and maintaining the fluorescent quantum yield of the FAP clone.  Use of these bright probes increases in the sensitivity of the labeled FAP on living cells in direct proportion to the level of extinction enhancement.  These novel probes provide new avenues for sensitive detection of single molecules on living cells, and for sensing of the cellular environment near a target protein., Spring '14-
Meet Dr. Renna in the newest class-Neuroscience in Health & Disease.  
Travel to the Bahamas' with Dr. Ott for Field Marine Phycology
or
Take a special class with Dr. Mitchell in Advanced Ecology.
Space is limited, and they are filling up fast., null, Please see the announcement for a Special Lecture by C. Allan Guymon, Professor of Chemical and Biochemical Engineering at the University of Iowa.  Professor Guymon will give a lecture entitled “Improved stimuli-response and mechanical properties of nanostructured poly(N-isopropylacrylamide-co-dimethylsiloxane) hydrogels generated through photopolymerization in lyotropic liquid crystal templates” in the Aggarwal Lecture Hall, Room 130, Polymer Engineering Academic Center on Tuesday, October 22 at 3:30 pm.  The lecture is hosted by Dr. Robert Weiss, Professor and Department Chair, Polymer Engineering., Dr. Anderson is an evolutionary biologist who completed his doctoral studies at UCLA with Greg Grether, and did his postdoctoral work at UNAM Mexico with Alex Cordoba.  His research interests span diverse topics related to sexual selection and diversification of odonates.   

Abstract of the talk:
Aggression between species is common but its ecological and evolutionary effects have historically been understudied compared to most other interspecific interactions. Fighting between species is a maladaptive trait in species that hold non-resource based mating territories, like damselflies in the genus Hetaerina (aka "Rubyspots"). Here, I describe an investigation into multiple species pairs in Hetaerina and demonstrate alternative solutions to avoid this maladaptive behavior, Thursday's seminar speaker will be Heath Garris, PhD candidate in the UA IB PhD program.  Heath will present his dissertation defense, entitled "Restructuring of wetland communities in response to a changing climate at multiple spatial & taxonomic scales"

Heath is using the colloquium slot for a public defense; his committee will meet with him about the written thesis a week later.  Keep an eye peeled for more info on that.

We will have our usual cookies and coffee before the seminar - hope to see you there!, null, Just a quick reminder that the UA Field Station will hold its annual Open House in partnership with Bath Township this Saturday. October 12th.  This is a great event for all ages and we hope you can join us.  Here are some of the activities that will take place throughout the day.

- Highlights of UA Field Station research and teaching.
- Live animals from the Akron Zoo (noon) and UA Field Station (all day).
- Pumpkin patch, hayrides, face painting, and a library story walk.
- Meet and greet with Zippy (University of Akron) and Orbit (Akron Aeros).
- Performance by the Akron Ceili Band (all day).
- Information table from Metroparks, Serving Summit County and a variety of other community groups.
- Revere High School art competition.
- Steeplechase fun run.
- Food and much more!

You can find directions to the UA Field Station at www3.uakron.edu/biology/fieldstation/contacts.htm

Please contact us if you have questions.  See you Saturday as we “Fall Into Nature.”, I'm starting a podcast, called EcoTalk, in which I interview scientists studying ecology, evolution, and paleontology.  The first episode is on seashells in the US Virgin Islands! 
 
I interview Kelsey Feser, grad. student studying at UCincinnati.  For some reason, iTunes is not displaying artwork yet, but I attached the logo and cover art for episode #1.  

You can download the podcast from iTunes or directly from the EcoTalk (http://www.ecotalk.libsyn.com/ecotalk) website. Let me know if you want to listen and need help.  Next week will be an interview with Jacquelyn Gill where we talk about cloning mammoths, dung fungus, pollen, and more.  

Please let me know if you have any suggestions or know someone who would like to be interviewed (maybe you yourself would like to be interviewed)!  Feel free to send to anyone else who you think would be interested.  

Andy

Andrew Michelson
Postdoctoral Researcher
Department of Geophysical Sciences
University of Chicago
5734 Ellis Avenue
Chicago, IL 60637
(330) 634-7193, null, This week our seminar speaker will be Dr. Jake Socha,  He  will speak about “Flying snakes & pumping bugs: the biomechanics of fluid flows from within & without” on Thursday, October 10 at 4 p.m. in B201. 
This should be a talk with great connections to IB.  Dr. Socha is an Assistant Professor of Engineering, Science and Mechanics at Virginia Tech, a member of the Virginia Tech-Wake Forest School of Biomedical Engineering and Sciences, and a member of VT’s Integrative Organismal Biology Group.  Dr. Socha’s research concerns the biomechanics of motion in animals, and utilizes integrative research that crosses traditional boundaries of engineering and biology.  Current work in his lab centers on two broad themes: gliding flight in vertebrates, and internal fluid flows in invertebrates. His research aims to understand animal movements both for fundamental understanding of animal physiology, ecology and evolution, and as inspiration for novel engineering applications., We just learned that our seminar speaker for today's lecture will not be able to join us - her flight was unexpectedly cancelled, and there is no real way for her to get here for the seminar.
Therefore, we will have to cancel her visit, and see if we can reschedule for later on., Please see an internship opportunity through Turpentine Creek Wildlife Refuge., Our speaker for Thursday is one of the few distant visitors we will have this year.  Her visit was suggested by one of our senior grad students, Chad Eliason, and she comes highly recommended.

Our speaker will be Dr. Alison Sweeney, Assistant professor of Physics at the University of Pennsylvania.  Her research interests are on molecular evolution of self-assembling protein photonic structures in molluscs and optical characterization of the sophisticated roles they play in camouflage and photosynthetic symbiosis; cellular and biochemical mechanisms of dynamic camouflage; characterization of the open ocean light environment in which animals have evolved sophisticated camouflage; spectral changes during twilight and their effects on visual ecology.
 
This promises to be an interesting and multidisciplinary talk - please make sure to come and join us Thursday, October 3rd at 4 p.m. in Auburn Science and Engineering Center B201., An article with cave explorer Dr. Hazel Barton, Associate Professor of microbiology and geology. Cave exploration could help fight a major medical problem., Please see the Fall 2013 Seminar Series announcement for Mr. Suresh Swaminathan, Vice President and Business Unit Manager of TPE Division, Teknor Apex Company who will be giving a talk titled “The Need for Speed: Application-driven Innovation” which will be held at 11:00 am. at Goodyear 229 as part of Alumni Day on Friday, October 4, 2013 in the Goodyear Polymer Center Auditorium.., Please see the announcement for Dr. Darrell Irvine. 

Dr. Irvine will be giving a PAM Lecture titled “Designing materials for next‐generation vaccines” on Friday, October, 11 at 11:00 in the Goodyear Polymer Center Auditorium., Please see the announcement for Dr. Nikhil K. Singha, Rubber Technology Centre, IIT Kharagpur, INDIA who will be giving a talk titled “Tailor-made Functional Polymer & Its composites via Controlled Radical Polymerization and Click Chemistry” at 3:30 pm. in the Aggarwal Lecture Hall, Room 130 on Tuesday, Oct. 8 in the Polymer Engineering Academic Center, with Dr. Sadhan Jana, Professor of the Dept. of Polymer Engineering as host., See UA on Display!

It is an opportunity for current students to network with folks who employ UA grads., Woodrow Wilson Teaching Fellowships: STEM Teaching

https://services.blimessaging.com/201208/viewaswebpage/viewaswebpage.aspx?unqid=6d7961cd-b91f-e311-bd25-000c29ac9535, University of Akron Field Station Open House

Mark your calendars for Saturday, October 12.  The UA Field Station will hold its annual Open House as part of the community-wide Fall Into Nature event.  This is a come-and-go family-friendly event that has something for everyone to help you welcome Fall.  Please see the attached press release for more information.

http://www3.uakron.edu/biology/fieldstation/, The Fall 2013 STEM Speaker Series kicks off this week and I invite you to attend and encourage your students to attend.  Please share with colleagues as well.  We have a great line-up of speakers, including Hazel.  (Thanks, Hazel!)  I apologize that one of the talks overlaps with our own seminar but that was the schedule that worked.  I have listed the schedule below.  You can find more information at http://www.uakron.edu/ITL/stemm/ (use the left-hand column for bios. and resources, or click the speaker’s name below).  Please let me know if you have questions.  --  Greg
---------------

Thursday, September 19, 4:00 pm, E.J. Thomas Hall
Dr. Michael Chorost – “Cochlear Implant Research Presentation for Graduate Students and Faculty”

Thursday, September 19, 7:30 pm, E.J. Thomas Hall
Dr. Michael Chorost – “Transformation: When the Only Way out is Through”

Monday, September 23, 7:30 pm, E.J. Thomas Hall
Dr. Christopher Emdin – “Rethinking STEM (Science, Technology, Engineering, and Mathematics)

Tuesday, September 24, 5:00 pm, Simmons Hall 111
Dr. Jason Hanley – “Rock-N-Roll Hall of Fame: Music and Technology”

Wednesday, September 25, 5:00 pm, Simmons Hall 111
Dr. Hazel Barton – “Dark Life: How Life Underground Can Point to Life in the Stars”, null, This coming week's colloquium speaker will be Dr. Peter Piermarini, The Ohio State University's Ohio Agricultural Research and Development Center.
He will speak about "The molecular mechanisms of “kidney" function in mosquitoes: towards novel vector control strategies. The lecture will be Thursday, September 19 at 4 p.m. in Auburn Science and Engineering Center B201. 

Dr. Piermarini's research investigates the molecular mechanisms of fluid secretion by the renal (Malpighian) tubules of mosquitoes (Aedes aegypti and Anopheles gambiae). Aedes mosquitoes are one of the most important vectors for spreading the viral-based illnesses of yellow fever and dengue fever to humans, whereas Anopheles mosquitoes are the primary vectors of malaria.  

Malpighian tubules are the kidneys of insects.  Our kidneys filter our blood to produce a urine, but the Malpighian tubules of insects must actively secrete fluid to produce a urine.

He is interested in elucidating how mosquitoes produce urine, because it is vital to their survival after consuming a human blood meal.  That is, the Malpighian tubules excrete the excess fluid and salts absorbed from the blood they ingest.

If we can identify key genes/proteins involved with urine production by mosquito Malpighian tubules, then we may be able to interfere with this process via genetic disruption or pharmacological agents, thereby making it less likely for a mosquito to bite another person and spread disease., First Zips Soccer home game of the season!  Who's getting A K ROWDY?!?, Looking for something to do this weekend?  The Master students are having a Picnic!  Sand Run Metro Park, Saturday 14th, 11a.m.  Be there are be square! (Ceth, bring back pictures for us!), We are still looking for photos from the students and faculty that we can share with the world., Please see the announcement for the Department of Chemistry seminar for September 17th., A Q&A column with cave explorer Hazel Barton, associate professor of microbiology and geology, is available from NextStepU at:
http://www.nextstepu.com/spotlight-on-cave-explorer-hazel-barton.art#.Ui3MDYWr_34., Please see the Fall 2013 Seminar Series announcement for Dr. Joao Maia, Associate Professor, Department of Macromolecular Science and Engineering, Case Western Reserve University who will be giving a talk titled “Rheological Design of Complex Multiphase Fluids: From Experiments to Multi-Scale Modeling and Back Again” which will be held at 11:00 am in the Aggarwal Lecture Hall, Room 130 on Friday, September 13, 2013 in Polymer Engineering Academic Center, with Dr. Younjin Min, Asst. Professor of the Dept. of Polymer Engineering as host., This week's colloquium speaker will be Dr. Mason Posner, Chair of Biology at Ashland University.  
He will speak about "What can fish eyes tell us about small heat shock protein function and evolution?" 
As usual, the talk will be Thursday, September 12 at 4 p.m. in Auburn Science and Engineering Center B201. 
And there will be C3 (Cookies and Coffee and Conversation) 3:30-4 in the same location.

Dr. Posner's research uses molecular biology techniques to understand how eye lens proteins adjust to changes in environmental temperature. This may be of interest to those that may have research interest into HSP, eyes, vision, etc., null, 2 of 2 fellowship opportunities.

Mote Marine Laboratory, (Mote), an independent not-for-profit institution established in 1955, has recently adopted a new 2020 Vision & Strategic Plan that includes as one of Mote’s four core priorities, “Ensure the long-term prosperity of the research enterprise through focused staff recruitment and nurturing programs.”  In order to address this specific priority, a new Mote Postdoctoral Research Fellowship Program began in 2011 with the addition of two Fellows and another one added in 2013.

This notice announces the availability of three new positions in 2014.

Two new Postdoctoral Research Fellows are expected to begin between January 1, 2014 and August 31, 2014, with a third Fellow expected to begin by December 31, 2014. The full-time position includes an annual salary of $42,000. Health insurance is also provided for the Fellow, with family options available. Benefits include an opt-in retirement plan with employer matching, leaves for holidays, illness, and vacation, and other benefits. Postdoctoral Research Fellows will also have established researchers assigned to serve as dedicated mentors and will receive office/laboratory space and funds for start-up, operations, and travel. Research Fellows will also participate in Mote’s Postdoctoral Mentoring Program.

Applications are invited from recent Ph.D. graduates including those with firm expectation of graduation by December2014.  However, at time of appointment, doctoral degree must have been awarded. In addition, Mote will only consider applicants who received the Ph.D. (or equivalent professional degree) later than December 2010.

Applications will be accepted in three tracks. Two new Fellows positions are expected to be filled on or before July 31, 2014 and a third will be filled on or before December 31, 2014. Applicants may apply under any of the following three tracks, but at least one position will be targeted for track 3:

Track 1: Applications from any field of marine research including engineering, social science and policy will be considered.

Track 2: Applications are sought that generally focus on population ecology and/or trophic dynamics of valued coastal species, and modeling of coastal ecosystems.

Track 3: Applications are sought that specifically focus on population ecology and/or trophic dynamics of valued coastal shellfish species, and modeling of coastal benthic ecosystems.

Applications will be reviewed beginning January 15, 2014 and positions will remain open until filled. For complete Fellowship information and application requirements see: http://www.mote.org/postdocs/.

 
ROBERT E. HUETER, Ph.D.
Associate Vice President for Research,
  Directorate of Marine Biology and Conservation
Perry W. Gilbert Chair in Shark Research
Director of the Center for Shark Research
Mote Marine Laboratory
1600 Ken Thompson Parkway
Sarasota, FL 34236 USA
 
rhueter@mote.org
Tel:  941-388-1827
Fax:  941-388-4312
More info at:  www.mote.org, 1 of 2 fellowship opportunities.

https://services.blimessaging.com/201208/viewaswebpage/viewaswebpage.aspx?unqid=66a8519b-5f15-e311-bd25-000c29ac9535, Hazel Barton, associate professor of microbiology and geology, offers one of the most amazing fieldwork experiences for students in the country, according to Popular Science. 
http://www.crainscleveland.com/article/20130830/BLOGS03/130839974?template=mobile#ATHS., null, UA lab offers one of the most amazing fieldwork experiences for students in the US.
http://www.cleveland.com/metro/index.ssf/2013/08/university_of_akron_geology_st.html, http://www.uakron.edu/im/online-newsroom/news_details.dot?newsId=4039438b-37b5-48db-9295-4ae720600598&pageTitle=Top%20Story%20Headline&crumbTitle=One%20of%20the%20'most%20awesome'%20labs%20in%20America%20is%20right%20here%20at%20UA, Dr. Mark McPeek will speak about “Past Climate Change and How Biological Communities (at least one) Got Built” on Thursday, August 29, at 4 p.m. in Auburn Science and Engineering Center B201. He is this year’s speaker in the endowed “Williams Lecture Series.”  The talk is free and open to the public.

McPeek, the David T. McLaughlin Distinguished Professor of Biology at Dartmouth University, is an evolutionary ecologist who uses empirical and theoretical techniques to understand the ecological processes that determine the distributions and abundances of organisms today, and that shaped the adaptation and diversification of these organisms in the past., Welcome back to school students!

"Education is not filling a pail but the lighting of a fire." - William Butler Yeats, Continuing coverage of avian evolution research by Rafael Maia, integrated bioscience Ph.D. candidate, and Matthew Shawkey, associate professor of biology in UA’s Buchtel College of Arts and Sciences, is available from WQED-TV (Pa.) at 

http://www.wqed.org/birdblog/2013/07/08/african-starlings-invent-new-colors/ ., We will keep you posted on an airing date for our own verison of Spiderman., PBS' 'Nature' seeks answers to mysteries of spider silk in UA labs 

http://www.uakron.edu/im/online-newsroom/news_details.dot?newsId=cdbd4f34-da20-4b0e-853f-2842cca8b46b&pageTitle=Top%20Story%20Headline&crumbTitle=PBS'%20'Nature'%20seeks%20answers%20to%20mysteries%20of%20spider%20silk%20in%20UA%20labs, Please see the Special Seminar for Dr. Huai Sun, Professor of the School of Chemistry and Chemical Engineering, Shanghai Jiao Tong University.  This seminar is hosted by Dr. Hendrik Heinz, Associate Professor of Polymer Engineering. 

He will give a talk titled “Force fields and Simulation Methods in Predictions of Adsorption” on Thursday, August 22 @ 2:00 pm. in the Aggarwal Lecture Hall, Room 130, Polymer Engineering Academic Center., Stream Walk – August 24, 1:00 pm

Summer is coming to a close and a new school year is upon us.  However, nature is available year-round!  Join the UA Field Station for a stream walk on Saturday, August 24 at 1:00 pm.  This is a great event for kids!  Participants will be introduced to tools and sampling techniques, search for aquatic invertebrates and fish, and discuss stream quality.  Students of all ages will be introduced to some of the fundamentals of stream ecology and will learn science through hands-on activities.  Dress for the field in clothes/shoes that you don’t mind getting wet.  We will be wading in streams.  Meet at the Bath Nature Preserve Ira Rd. trailhead.  Directions can be found here. http://www3.uakron.edu/biology/fieldstation/contacts.htm

For more information, contact Dr. Rich Londraville at 330-972-7151 or rlondra@uakron.edu., The Departments of Polymer Science and
Polymer Engineering will continue their joint
seminar series (Polymers and Advanced
Materials Lecture Series, PAM.) Lecturers are
selected on the basis of their outstanding
contributions in their field of interest, and an
effort is made to have the lectures cover
different areas of specialization in the field of
Polymers and Advanced Materials. The
seminars will be held on Fridays at 11 a.m. in
the Goodyear Polymer Center (GDYR 229) or
Polymer Engineering Academic Center (PEAC
130). The abstracts and more updated details
are provided on the College Website: http://www.uakron.edu/cpspe/, Please take a look at a 2013 documentary entitled "In Search of Coyotes" which follows the Metro Parks serving Summit County, Ohio in collaboration with The University of Akron Wildlife Ecology Conservation Lab,  Cleveland Metroparks, the Cuyahoga Valley National Park, and Wild4Ever.  

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s-d5CJM_9P8&feature=youtu.be, Coverage of a discovery of how geckos stick to surfaces in wet, natural habitats by UA researchers Alyssa Stark, Ila Badge, Nicholas Wucinich, Timothy Sullivan, Peter Niewiarowski and Ali Dhinojwala is featured on the front page of the Yale University's Horizon International Solutions, A presentation discussing tumor growth, invasion, and metastasis, will be held Wednesday, August 7, 2013 from 4 to 5pm. at

Austen BioInnovation Institute in Akron 
47 North Main Street
Akron, OH 44308  

http://events.r20.constantcontact.com/register/event?oeidk=a07e7rhay9n320a9ba6&llr=x8bzuldab, Coverage of avian evolution research by Rafael Maia, integrated bioscience Ph.D. candidate, and Matthew Shawkey, associate professor of biology in UA’s Buchtel College of Arts and Sciences, is available from EOS Wetenschap. (Please note the article is in Dutch but can be translated using Google.)

http://eoswetenschap.eu/artikel/veelzijdige-verentooi-versnelt-evolutie, Hope Ball having a "Whale" of a time in Alaska!  http://www.plosone.org/article/info%3Adoi%2F10.1371%2Fjournal.pone.0054277, Dr. Bruce Cushing expertise led to invitations to participate in two programs in China with other top scientists in behavior and neuroscience from around the world!, We have had class's heading to Virginia and Tennessee.  I know there is a group currently in the Czech Republic and I assume there was a trip to Northern Canada?! I have seen Grad Students in the halls - and there are Professors around too.  I know there is someone out there with pictures!  Don't leave us hanging people!, If you are in the department..take a break from what you are doing, take a picture of your work and send it to the page with a quick blurb on your studies.  GO!, Our newest addition has finally arrived!!  Do we have the best sculpture on campus?, Who's on trips for research this summer?  What's going on in the labs?  Add some of your photos to the page and show the world what we are about!!!, Give us some love on Twitter: Check out @ZipsBiology, Please see the Polymer Science course description for Special Topics being offered to Graduate students for the fall semester. Please contact Melissa Bowman in Polymer Science at (330) 972-7532 or mb8@uakron.edu to register., Want to solve medical problems we are faced with today? Visit http://bit.ly/157C1zD to become involved in Austen BioInnovation Institute's next Synergy Seminar., The University of Akron Field Station will be having a Herpetology Day on July 13, 2013 at 1 p.m. Join the UA Field Station as we celebrate reptiles and amphibians.  Learn about the natural history of this amazing group and view some live specimens in the field and in the lab.  Be ready for a short hike, weather permitting.  This will be a great event for all ages…even those that might be a little hesitant around snakes!  Meet at the Field Station. See the link below for directions to the Field Station. 

http://www3.uakron.edu/biology/fieldstation/contacts.htm, Please see the information below regarding a visiting instructor position at Florida Gulf Coast University.

Florida Gulf Coast University's Department of Biological Sciences is seeking for one-year visiting instructor.

Minimum Qualifications:  Master's degree with 18 hours of course work in biological Sciences from a regionally accredited institution, or equivalent accreditation, with a commitment to quality undergraduate education. 

Preferred Qualifications:  Teaching experience in majors Biology and Cell Biology with a PH.D in Biology, or a related discipline, from a regionally accredited institution, or equivalent accreditation, with a commitment to quality undergraduate education.

Position Description: We are seeking a broadly-trained biologist with an active interest in quality undergraduate education to teach introductory major courses (including laboratories) and an upper-division Cell Biology class.  The introductory courses are typically offered in large format (72-81 students) Scale-Up (combined lecture and lab) sections.   The position would include supervision of graduate teaching assistants and would require teaching 12 contact hours for both Fall 2013 and Spring 2014 semesters. 

If interested, please contact:

Bette Jackson, Chair,
Department of Biological Sciences
239-590-7259
bjackson@fgcu.edu

Please include a CV and transcript., The newly installed artwork located in-between Auburn Science and the Student Union., Please see the announcement for Dr. Marcus Cicerone, Project Leader in the Biomaterials Group, National Institute of Standards and Technology who will be giving a talk titled “The Role of Hopping Dynamics in Transport for Supercooled Liquids and Glasses” at 11:00 am in the Aggarwal Lecture Hall, Room 130 on Wednesday, July 10 in Polymer Engineering Academic Center, with Dr. David Simmons, Asst. Professor of the Dept. of Polymer Engineering as host., Continuing coverage of avian evolution research by Rafael Maia, integrated bioscience Ph.D. candidate, and Matthew Shawkey, associate professor of biology in UA’s Buchtel College of Arts and Sciences, is available from the Conversation.

http://theconversation.com/birds-of-a-feather-create-new-species-together-and-heres-how-15086, Coverage of avian evolution research by Dr. Matt Shawkey and Integrated Bioscience Ph.D. candidate Rafael Maia from WKSU-FM.

http://www.wksu.org/news/story/35963, Please see the public dissertation defense announcement for Hope Ball., Northeast Ohio Naturalists (NEON) has some summer/fall field trips to various swamps and wetlands., Avian evolution research by Rafael Maia, Integrated Bioscience Ph.D. candidate, and Matthew Shawkey, associate professor of biology in UA’s Buchtel College of Arts and Sciences, is featured in National Geographic. 

http://phenomena.nationalgeographic.com/2013/06/10/on-the-origin-of-really-shiny-species/, Bald eagle nests found in Summit County. 

http://www.cantonrep.com/newsnow/x211328928/3-more-bald-eagle-nests-found-in-Summit-County#axzz2VpOWwN6G, Please see the public dissertation defense announcement for Jeremy Prokop., Dr. Bruce Cushing, professor of biology in UA’s Buchtel College of Arts and Sciences, is quoted in a Scientist Magazine article on prairie voles and attraction. 

http://www.the-scientist.com/?articles.view/articleNo/35826/title/Epigenetics-Play-Cupid-for-Prairie-Voles/, Please see the Master's Thesis defense announcement for Anne Hall., Please see the notice from Chris Marks.

We're looking for someone to teach a section A&P I lab this fall (8/26/13 to 12/13/13) at Mount Union. The lab is Tuesday morning from 7:30 to 11:00 AM. They should at least have an M.S. and we prefer they have experience teaching A&P. Please have anyone who is interested contact me.

Chris Marks, Ph.D.
The University of Akron
cm14@uakron.edu, Please see the new course announcement for fall from Chemical and Biomolecular Engineering., Please see the link below for information on the 2013 Conservation Symposium at the Cleveland Museum of Natural History.

http://cmnh.org/site/Conservation/ConservationSymposium.aspx, Our departmental colloquium speaker this week is Dr. Jeff Conner of the Ecology and Evolution department and Kellogg Biological Lab of Michigan State University.

Dr. Conner is a leader in evolutionary ecology, with a special interest in plant-insect interactions, especially pollination.  He uses field, lab, and other approaches, with a strong connection to quantitative and population genetics.  Indeed, he is co-author of a leading book in the field ("A Primer of Ecological Genetics by Conner and Hartl "; www.sinauer.com/detail.php?id=2020)

More information can be found at his web page www.msu.edu/~connerj, Congratulations to Mark Dalman. Mark won the 2013 Doctoral Scholar Life Award from The University of Akron last week., Please see the announcement for our Spring 2013 Special Lecture by Dr. Carole C. Perry, School of Science and Technology, Nottingham Trent University, Nottingham NG11 8NS, UK & Radcliffe Institute for Advanced Study, Harvard University, Boston, MA  hosted by the Department of Polymer Engineering, Dr. Hendrik Heinz, Asst. Professor of Polymer Engineering.

Dr. Carole C. Perry will be giving a talk titled “Bio-inspired Approaches to Functional  Materials and Studies of the Abiotic-Biotic Interface” on Thursday, April 18 at 2:00 pm in the Aggarwal Lecture Hall, Room 130 in Polymer Engineering Academic Center.

Dr. Perry is a professor of chemistry at Nottingham Trent University, in the United Kingdom. Her research interests lie where biology, chemistry, and physics intersect, and are directed in particular toward understanding how biomolecules and inorganic materials interact in aqueous media. Perry received her BA and DPhil degrees from the University of Oxford. She has been a visiting research fellow at Scripps Institution of Oceanography and the Weizmann Institute of Science, IL and guest professor at the Universität Karlsuhe, DE and the Université Pierre et Marie Curie, FR. She also served as an elected trustee and council member of the Royal Society of Chemistry and chaired Heads of Chemistry UK. She is currently the Edward, Frances and Shirley B. Daniells Fellow and Wyss Fellow at the Radcliffe Institute for Advanced Study, Harvard University, a visiting professor in Civil and Environmental Engineering at MIT, and a research professor in the Institute for lasers, photonics and biophotonics at the University of Buffalo, New York. In January 2013 she was awarded a Royal Society Wolfson research merit award for her work at the biomolecule-mineral interface., Please see the announcement for the Biology Colloquium Seminar for April 18th., Please see the announcement for the Department of Chemistry seminar for April 17th., Please see the announcement for the Biology Colloquium Seminar for April 11th., Please see the announcement for the Department of Chemistry seminar for April 10th., This coming Saturday (April 13) there will be a garlic mustard pull at the Bath Nature Preserve.  Meet at 12:30 at the trailhead (2440 Ira Road). We'll probably work until about 4.

Garlic mustard is a troublesome invasive that we are bringing under control at the preserve, and we need to regularly find and remove the first signs of new infestations.  
These European invaders not only shade out native plants, they also secrete mustard oils that kill mutualistic mycorrhizal fungi that most natives depend on.  You'll be happy to know that work performed at the UAFS has helped to better understand that interaction: 
http://www.pnas.org/content/106/36/15362.full

Although there are a couple of problem spots where we will really do some concentrated pulling, a lot of this activity just involves coordinated searches for new infestations - a nice excuse to walk in the woods.
The weather is looking great for Saturday, so this could be even more fun than usual.

Please come join us for this important activity., Cleveland Magazine Editor Steve Gleydura and Associate Professor of Biology and Geosciences from the University of Akron Dr. Hazel Barton talk about underground discoveries that could cure your next illness. 

http://www.wkyc.com/video/2288986774001/1/Steve-Gleydura-and-Hazel-Barton-Cleveland-Magazine-Big-Idea, BioInnovation Academy- Scholarship Info Now Posted.

http://www.abiakron.org/Data/Sites/1/bioinnovation-academy-application-flyer-scholarship-form.pdf, BioInnovation Academy- Scholarship Info Now Posted.

http://www.abiakron.org/Data/Sites/1/bioinnovation-academy-application-flyer-scholarship-form.pdf, Doctoral candidates Alyssa Stark and Ila Badge, undergraduate biology students Nicholas Wucinich and Timothy Sullivan, Peter Niewiarowski, Professor of Biology and Integrated Bioscience, and Ali Dhinojwala, Morton Professor of Polymer Science, discovered that wet, water-repellent surfaces like those of leaves and tree trunks secure a gecko’s grip similar to the way dry surfaces do. 

http://www.uakron.edu/im/online-newsroom/news_details.dot?newsId=ec9fd559-e4af-487f-a9cc-2ea5f5c9612d&pageTitle=Top%20Story%20Headline&crumbTitle=Geckos%20keep%20firm%20grip%20in%20wet%20natural%20habitat, Please see the announcement for the Biology Colloquium Seminar for April 4th., Dr. Kyoko Nozaki will be giving the Whitby Memorial  Lectures titled “Synthesis and Properties of Linear Ethylene/Polar Monomer Copolymers” on Thursday, April 4 at 2:00 and  
“Synthesis of Sterecontrolled Polymers Made of Carbon Monoxide or Carbon Dioxide” on Friday, April 5 at 11:00 in the Goodyear Polymer Center Auditorium.

The Whitby Lecture Series is sponsored by  Bridgestone Americas Center for Research and Technology., Please see the announcement for the Department of Chemistry seminars for April 2nd and 3rd., Please see the announcement for the Department of Chemistry seminar for March 20th., Please see the announcement for the Biology Colloquium Seminar for March 21st., Life University College of Chiropractic will be hosting a Chiropractic Career Night tomorrow, March 19th, at the Quaker Square Inn. 

Our Executive Director of Enrollment, Dr. Cynthia Boyd DC, will be hosting this event and it will be a very informative and inspiring evening. 

Life University wants to invite all students at University of Akron, as well as faculty and staff, to attend this free event and learn more about a rewarding career in Chiropractic., The Chemistry Seminar for Wednesday, March 13, 2013 is cancelled., Please see the announcement for the Special BASF SE Seminar by Dr. Anne Thümen & Dr. Roland Hingmann, Advanced Materials & Systems Research D-67056 Ludwigshafen, Germany hosted by the Department of Polymer Engineering, Dr. Avraam Isayev, Professor of Polymer Engineering.
 
Dr. Anne Thümen & Dr. Roland Hingmann will be giving a talk titled “Global Megatrends – Changes and Challenges for Advanced Materials Development” on Wednesday, March 20 at 9:15 am in the Aggarwal Lecture Hall, Room 130 in Polymer Engineering Academic Center., Please see the announcement for the Department of Computer Science seminar for March 14th., Please see the announcement for the Biology Colloquium Seminar for March 14th., Please see the announcement for the Department of Chemistry seminar for March 13th., Please see the Biology Scholarship list for 2013/2014., Applications can be picked up in the Biology Main office in Auburn Science and Engineering Center room D401. The applications are due back Friday, April 12, 2013 by 4:00pm., Please see graduate student scholarship opportunity., Please see the announcement for the Biology Colloquium Seminar for March 7th., Please see the announcement for the Spring 2013 PAM Lecture Series by Dr. David Bucknall, Materials Science and Engineering, Georgia Institute of Technology hosted by the Department of Polymer Engineering, Dr. Xiong Gong, Asst. Professor of Polymer Engineering.
 
Dr. David Bucknall will be giving a talk titled “Organic Electronics - Where have all the fullerenes gone?” on Friday, March 8 at 11:00 am in the Aggarwal Lecture Hall, Room 130 in Polymer Engineering Academic Center., Please see the announcement for Dr. David Mooney.

Dr. Mooney will be giving the PAM lecture on Friday, March 15 at 11:00 in the Goodyear Auditorium., Please see the announcement for the Department of Chemistry seminar., Please see the announcement for Dr. Moore's Herpetology course this coming summer intersession., Associate professor of biology and geology and environmental science Hazel Barton's discovery of antibiotic-resistant bacteria in the New Mexico's Carlsbad Caverns National Park is featured in a Bloomberg health article. 

http://www.bloomberg.com/news/2013-02-27/cave-explorer-hunts-antibiotics-1-600-feet-down-health.html, Please see the announcement for the Biology Colloquium Seminar for February 28th., Please see the announcement for our Spring 2013 PAM Lecture Series by Dr. Timothy J. Bunning, Polymer Physicist, Principal Materials Research Engineer and Division Chief of the Functional, Materials Division of the Materials and Manufacturing Directorate, Air Force Research Laboratory, Wright-Patterson Air Force Base hosted by the Department of Polymer Engineering, Dr. Xiong Gong, Asst. Professor of Polymer Engineering.
 
Dr. Timothy J. Bunning will be giving a talk titled “Dynamic Coloration via Polymer/Cholesteric Liquid Crystal Mixtures” on Friday, March 1 at 11:00 am in the Aggarwal Lecture Hall, Room 130 in Polymer Engineering Academic Center.

Timothy J. Bunning is a Principal Materials Research Engineer and Division Chief of the Functional Materials Division of the Materials and Manufacturing Directorate, Air Force Research Laboratory, Wright-Patterson Air Force Base.  He leads a diverse organization of ~200+ people performing basic and applied research in photonic, soft matter, and nanoelectronics-based materials for a variety of applications including survivability, directed energy, ISR, integrated power, and autonomy.  He is technically active in a diverse internal and external R&D effort that is developing new responsive materials and approaches for integration in optical sensing, laser beam control, and filtering applications. His current research interests center on developing novel mixtures of polymer and liquid crystal materials for use in a variety of dynamic photonic architectures.  He is the recipient of the 2002 John H. Dillon Medal from the Division of Polymer Physics, American Physical Society, and is a Fellow of APS, SPIE, and the Air Force Research Laboratory., Please see the announcement for the Department of Chemistry seminar., 65th Western Reserve District 5 Science Day, Here is the Student Research Grant Application from The Audubon Society of Greater Cleveland., The Audubon Society of Greater Cleveland invites applications for their annual Student Research Grants.  The Society will award 2 grants of $500 each to undergraduate or graduate student researchers proposing projects to be conducted on any of the four sanctuaries located in Portage and Lake Counties. Descriptions of our sanctuaries (over 500 acres in all) are available on our website, http://www.clevelandaudubon.org. (The wetland at Novak Sanctuary is currently being treated to eradicate invasive cattails.)  If you wish to visit the Audubon properties, please contact us at auduboncleveland@hotmail.com and  we will make arrangements. The area of research focus is open.  Deadline for application submission is March 15, 2013.

I am attaching a cover letter and copy of the application to this message. Please contact me if you have any questions. 
 
Sandy Buckles, M.S.
Education Chair
Audubon Society of Greater Cleveland
Cell 440-840-6093
www.clevelandaudubon.org
auduboncleveland@hotmail.com, Please see the announcement for the Biology Colloquium Seminar for February 21st. This will be a Walter A. Sheppe Lecture Series., Bruce Cushing, professor of biology in UA’s Buchtel College of Arts and Sciences, discusses monogamy as it pertains to the animal kingdom on Science360 Radio.

http://www.nsf.gov/discoveries/disc_videos.jsp?cntn_id=126932&media_id=73820&org=NSF ., UA graduate student endeavors to answer a whale of a question.

http://www.uakron.edu/im/online-newsroom/news_details.dot?newsId=0ff04903-41d7-42af-a911-70e6fce8c8ad&pageTitle=Top%20Story%20Headline&crumbTitle=UA%20graduate%20student%20endeavors%20to%20answer%20a%20whale%20of%20a%20question, Please see the announcement for a Special Seminar Lecture by Dr. Ashleigh J. Fletcher, Chemical & Process Engineering, University of Strathclyde, UK held by the Department of Polymer Engineering, Dr. Hendrik Heinz, Associate Professor of Polymer Engineering as host.
 
Dr. Ashleigh J. Fletcher will be giving a talk titled “Adsorption Processes in Novel Porous Materials” on Monday, February 18 at 2:00 pm in the Aggarwal Lecture Hall, Room 130 in Polymer Engineering Academic Center., Please see the announcement for a Special Seminar Lecture by Dr. Siddharth V. Patwardhan, Chemical & Process Engineering, University of Strathclyde, UK held by the Department of Polymer Engineering, Dr. Hendrik Heinz, Associate Professor of Polymer Engineering as host.
 
Dr. Siddharth V. Patwardhan will be giving a talk titled “Green Nanomaterials with Applications” on Tuesday, February 19 at 2:00 pm in the Aggarwal Lecture Hall, Room 130 in Polymer Engineering Academic Center., Page 2 of a job opportunity with the Oak Ridge Institute of Scientific Education., Page 1 of a job opportunity with the Oak Ridge Institute of Scientific Education., Please see the announcement for the Biology Colloquium Seminar for February 14th., Please see the announcement from Center for the History of Psychology., Please see the announcement for the Spring 2013 Seminar Series by Dr. Gary K. Fedder, Howard M. Wilkoff Professor, Director of the Institute of Complex Engineered Systems and Professor in The Robotics Institute at Carnegie Mellon University hosted by the Department of Polymer Engineering, Dr. Xiong Gong, Asst. Professor of Polymer Engineering.
 
Dr. Gary K. Fedder will be giving a talk titled “The ‘More than Moore’ Trend in the Microelectronics Industry” on Friday, February 15 at 11:00 am in the Aggarwal Lecture Hall, Room 130 in Polymer Engineering Academic Center.

Gary K. Fedder is Director of the Institute of Complex Engineered Systems, Howard M. Wilkoff Professor of Electrical and Computer Engineering and Professor in The Robotics Institute at Carnegie Mellon University.  His research interests include microsensor and microactuator design and modeling, integrated MEMS manufactured in CMOS processes and structured design methodologies for MEMS., Please see the announcement for ST: Field Studies in Marine Biology for Dr. Weeks and Dr. Moore this coming summer intersession., Please see the announcement for the Biology Colloquium Seminar for February 7th., Summer job opportunity with the Idaho Department of Fish and Game. 

https://fishandgame.idaho.gov/content/post/2013-summer-employment-opportunities, Please see the attached announcement for a Special Seminar Lecture by Dr. Giuseppe Titomanlio, Department of Industrial Engineering, University of Salerno, Italy held by the Department of Polymer Engineering, Dr. Miko Cakmak, Harold A. Morton Chair, Distinguished Professor of Polymer Engineering as host.
 
Dr. Giuseppe Titomanlio will be giving a talk titled “Modeling Morphology Evolution during Solidification of iPP in Processing Conditions” on Friday, February 14 at 1:30 pm in the Aggarwal Lecture Hall, Room 130 in Polymer Engineering Academic Center., Please see the announcement for the Biology Colloquium Seminar for January 31st., Job posting for the Lorain County Metro Parks., Please see the announcement for the Department of Chemistry seminar., Please see the attached Polymer and Advanced Materials seminar announcement.

Dr. Patrick Stayton will be giving a PAM lecture on Friday, February 1, 2013 at 11:00 in Goodyear Polymer Center auditorium., Dear Amazing People (bcc all possible judges)
 
We have 589 projects this year! We actually doubled the numbers from last year!
Please spread the news and share this email with undergraduates and graduate students!
 
Please sign-up we need the help at the:
 
The Science, Math and Technology Expo 
North High School
985 Gorge Blvd.
Akron, Ohio 44310
Saturday January 26, 2013
 
Here is how to sign-up:
Go to Akron Public School Home page 
Click on Departments
Click on Science
Click on Left hand side Science, Math and Technology Expo and Other Science Fairs
Half way on the page is link for Registration for Judging! 
Below is the link also:

http://www.akronschools.com/departments/ci/teaching-and-learning/science/science-fair/
 
Katrina B. Halasa
Health and Science Learning Specialist K-12
65 Steiner Avenue, Akron, Ohio 44301
Work Phone 330-761-3117
Cell Phone 330-701-2985
Fax  330-761-3252, Dr. Leah Shriver, Assistant Pofessor in Chemistry is hosting Discovery & Quantitation of Lipids in High Throughput.  See the flyer, and see you there!, One more for your viewing pleasure :), Jobs, Jobs, Jobs, 'cause isn't that our ultimate goal?!  Attached is information from The Ohio Department of Natural Resources-Division of Wildlife., Countdown to classes has begun!  The Department of Biology welcomes all students, staff and faculty back for Spring Semester 2013!, null)