List(Our patio is still open! Join us outside on this beautiful day!, Seems like the perfect day to try our Tuna Tacos!, Come in and try our latest signature Fall cocktail: 
Scollay Harvest Brew 
made with: Pumpkin, Captain Morgan Black, Orange Juice, and Yeungling. $8, Todays specials: 
Double Thick Pork Chop served with mashed potatoes, spinach, and a shiitake mushroom gravy $25 

Duck Breast topped with an orange cranberry compote, jasmine rice, and sautéed spinach $29

Pomegranate Martini: 
Pearl Pomegranate Vodka
Pama Pomegranate Liqueur 
Triple Sec
Fresh Squeezed Lemon, Legendary Restaurant  Group presented to Lynn Aaronson from the local ALS Association a check for $10,000.00 from all of our employees accepting our ice bucket challenge! Thanks to all our employees!, Grey Goose and Lemonade on the patio!!...sounds good this Wednesday!!, Scollay Sq accepted our challenge... Legendary restaurant group will be donating $100 per employee that accepted  our challenge, null, We challenge Scollay Square, What a day for Brunch on the patio with one of these!!, Well as many of you prepare for your big night we want to wish everyone a Happy New Year. Also if you want a relaxed evening with friends come see us tonight . NOW for all you NYE revelers we are open for NEW YEARS DAY BRUNCH !!! 11am until 3pm with our make your own Bloody Mary bar as well as some special brunch items like.....Fried Egg Sandwich on multigrain ciabatta bread with bacon, fontina cheese, onion, tomato, arugula, and lemon garlic aioli. #newyearsdaybrunch #bloodymary, The Storm is over and we have a little something for you!!You earned it shoveling!!
Buffalo Macaroni and Cheese with Lemon Dressed Greens on the side, Amen! 80 years ago today the big P ended. Come celebrate with us!, Would love to see all our friends and family today.....come see us!!!, Yummy!! Come see us!, Just a simple but very gracious thank you! , Someone say Scallops?! How about a nice sip of wine and some scallops!, Monday it is...but the weather feels like a Friday!! Come see us and sit out side on the Hill after work., Yummy....Grilled Pear Salad. Grilled Pears Cinnamon Pecans Sundried Cranberries
and Lemon Vinaigrette., It  is without a doubt Buffalo Mac and Cheese time. Come see us!, LOL....ENUFFFF of this! Come see us and hang with friends in person. Tell them in person how your week was  and while your here  share a bottle of wine. Fall on the Hill., Sun...Beacon Hill....A Patio...Great people delivering drinks and food to your table....YOU know where!!! Come see us on this Gorgeous day!, Just wanted to remind everyone....we now pour wine in 3 ways. Sip, Half Glass or the Full Monty. Well Full Glass. So follow the below health rules., Ahhh the weather we have all been waiting for. Come see us the Patio awaits you ., null, What a beautiful day to join us for lunch on the patio. Come over to the hill and hang out with us for a few hours this afternoon., RARE SEARED FILET MIGNON OF TUNA
Teriyaki Marinated, Wasabi Mashed, Crispy Wonton Strips, Sesame, Chili Oil.....yummmmmy oh and try it with a few wines as we serve wines by the sip., What a day and night to sit on a patio in Beacon Hill. Remember we now offer our wines in the sip, half or full glass., What a beautiful day. When your done outside slide over for a few sips of wine. Yes you can order a sip , half glass or fill it right up, Scollay Square as well as all Legendary Restaurant Group locations have teamed up with The Greg Hill Foundation to give 10% off all sales today to the foundation.These proceeds will go directly to people and families directly affected by the marathon bombings. Our hearts go out to you all., So Sometimes you just want a "bite" or a "SIP" Well now at Scollay Square you can at least have a SIP. That's right! we are now pouring our wines by the glass in a SIP, HALF GLASS or THE FULL GLASS style.  Create your own flights during dinner and sip away!, Happy Halloween!! What are you doing tonight? Papagayo Boston has a few tickets left for their big party! $39 for unlimited apps and tequila drinks! Plus, fabulous gift bags with a chance to win a tequila dinner for 10... and a costume contest awarding 2 winners with Celtics tickets!, It's tough to look at these photos of the toll Hurricane Sandy took on NYC. But it certainly makes us thankful that Boston wasn't hit too hard.

What did you do yesterday during Hurricane Sandy?

http://bostinno.com/2012/10/30/hurricane-sandy-flooding-in-new-york-city-photos/#ss__251608_1_0__251608_251001_0__ss, We hope everyone is staying safe (and that you stocked up on Hurricane food and libations beforehand!). What are your plans for the day?

http://www.boston.com/news/weather/2012/10/29/east-coast-grinds-halt-superstorm-nears/8JkPYr7FvIOheoV0TDe1zI/story.html, Can you even believe the New England Patriots are almost halfway done with their season? Based on what you've seen so far, do you still think they can win it all this year?, Don't forget to get your tickets to Papagayo Boston's Halloween party! They're serving tequila drinks and appetizers and awarding costume contest winners with Celtics tickets! We can't wait!, Are you excited about the iPad Mini news? Or is your iPhone already a "mini iPad"??, You know you're from Boston when... What would you add to this list?, Anyone going to the Head Of The Charles Regatta this weekend? What's your favorite thing about the event?

http://hocr.org/, We're thrilled to hear two New England breweries made it onto the list of Top 10 U.S. breweries' Boston's own Sam adams beer and Portland's Allagash Brewing Company, Looking for something to do for Halloween? Our sister restaurant Papagayo Boston is throwing a party! Tickets are on sale now and include drinks, hors d’oeuvres, a gift bag, and a chance to win fabulous prizes in their costume contest!, News like this warms our hearts and makes us proud to be from Boston!, And we have $4 mimosas and bloody marys at brunch this weekend!, This couple visited all 351 towns and cities in Massachusetts. We bet you haven't even heard of some of them!, You made it through Hump Day! Now come get some calamari!, 'Tis the season for apple picking! Have you gone in New England yet? We're loving this guide to what to do with all them apples!, Hope you get a long weekend! Don't forget we're open for brunch all weekend!

http://www.scollaysquare.com/menu.html, With so many out there, how can you decide what pumpkin beer is best for you? Try them all!, When the chill in the air hits, we start craving blood oranges. Or Blood Orange Martinis, to be exact! Come and enjoy a cocktail with us today :)

http://www.scollaysquare.com/pdfs/ScollaySqDrinksMech6-12.pdf, Finally! A New England Patriots game we loved the results of. Were you watching yesterday?, Want to know the best time to see New England's best fall foliage? Check out this timeline!

http://www.massvacation.com/fallfoliage/, Have you tried our rare seared filet mignon of tuna yet? We're here tonight if you are :), Do you agree with the sentiment, "The Red Sox season is about to end, thank goodness"?, Brunch at Scollay Square in photos from blogger Juniper Disco! What would you order?, Are you still watching The Office? It's the 9th and final season premiere tonight!, Always wish you could attend Berklee? Well, you're in luck- they're offering free online courses. We love this idea!, Celebs in Boston! Did you spot Julia Stiles in the Public Garden yesterday?, Cocktail, beer, or wine? What does this Monday night call for?, We're in love with Beacon Hill Patch's "Seen and Heard on the T." Add your own hilarious stories!, We're excited to hear Boston's Esplanade is getting 12 new walking paths. The first of 12 will be unveiled on Saturday!, Maybe the Red Sox can't win, but they CAN spoil the Yankees chances. If you've always wanted to see a Sox-Yanks game at Fenway, now's your chance (tickets are cheap)!, Who enjoyed yesterday's Patriots game? GREAT start to what we're hoping is an amazing season!, $4 mimosas at brunch this weekend! Does it get any better than that?

(and who wouldn't LOVE this print hanging in their home? Get it here: http://www.etsy.com/listing/79533671/mimosa-cocktail-art-print), How much would you spend on a home? What if it was a home in Beacon Hill and it meant you could be super close to us? $4.6M perhaps?, Rain, rain go away. And humidity, too. But when the weather is uncomfortable outside, join us for lunch or dinner and cocktails! http://www.scollaysquare.com/menu.html, Who's ready for the Patriots season to begin? What do youre predictions look like? 

http://blog.masslive.com/patriots/2012/09/new_england_patriots_season_pr.html, Think you're a Boston expert? Here are 10 things you may not know! 

http://www.boston.com/travel/boston/2012/08/30/ten-things-you-might-not-know-about-boston/XJqyLMkGGMCn1EPpWtVUQM/gallery.html, Would you indulge in a Birthday Cake Martini?

http://indulgy.com/post/H031k25GF1/birthday-cake-martinis, It looks like the job market in Beacon Hill is better than any other neighborhood in Boston!, Boston is a fabulous city to live in no matter what age you are. Do you agree? http://beaconhill.patch.com/articles/boston-is-a-city-for-all-ages, Got brunch plans? We do! We're serving up $4 mimosas Saturday and Sunday! (you can make your own bloody mary, too!), Have you seen our Restaurant Week Boston menu yet? Check it out and come join us! 

http://www.scollaysquare.com/pdfs/restaurantWeek_Summer-2012.pdf, We think we serve an absolutely amazing burger... But a burger cake? Who's going to make any of these for Labor Day?, Did you spot Taylor Swift in Beacon Hill this weekend?, What's your idea Bloody Mary? We think this one looks awesome! But you can make your own at brunch this weekend. Come visit (we have $4 mimosas, too!), Who saw Bruce Springsteen at Fenway Park last night? Beacon Hill Patch wants to know who you'd like to see play at Fenway next!, One great thing about being located in Beacon Hill? Nice and close to Beacon Hill Chocolates! We love our neighborhood!, Buffalo Chicken Dip. We make a mean one. Come enjoy it (while sitting in the sun) for lunch or dinner today!, Does it make you nervous that Tom Brady says the New England Patriots have a lot of work to do? How do you think they'll do this season?, We love Fridays! Mainly because it means two straight days of brunch! Are you a mimosa person or a bloody mary person?, Already excited for Restaurant Week Boston! We're one of 8 Beacon Hill restaurants participating!, Oh, Beacon Hill; you charm us so. What's your favorite thing about Beacon Hill?, Are you still watching the Olympics? We're still cheering on Team USA and think this Olympic menu could work just as well for the closing ceremonies. What's your Olympic snack of choice?, Is Usain Bolt Faster than the T? Boston Magazine thinks so! (and most of us would agree!), What kind of food does rain make you crave? Something from our menu, perhaps?, We just heard that Boston ranks fourth nationally as a desirable place to live as you age. Would you like to grow old in Boston?, Happy Olympic Opening Ceremonies Day! We're loving these patriotic cocktails (and would obviously be sipping on U.S.A.'s!), Happy Birthday to Boston Bruins forward, Patrice Bergeron! http://ow.ly/csyVJ, Here is a great preview of the 2012 Summer Olympics! What is your favorite sport to watch? http://ow.ly/cqBfJ, Check out these 21 tips to boost your mood this season. Share with us what you do during the summer months to brighten your day! http://ow.ly/ckABV, Check out these 14 Bank-Breaking Dishes. We guarantee that we will never charge $5000 for a burger!  http://ow.ly/cidqb, Didn't get a change to swing by the Revere Beach Sand Sculpting Competition? Check out this link below for some great entries! Which sculpture is your favorite? http://ow.ly/cgrzS, Do you have any Friday the 13th superstitions? http://ow.ly/caop8, The ESPYS are tonight, see which Boston athletes have been nominated!, Beacon Hill will be featured on tonight's episode of Chronicle! Tune in and learn more about this iconic neighborhood! http://bit.ly/Nb66rM, Monday got you down? Sounds like you could use a cocktail! How about some Scollay Square Sangria? 

http://www.scollaysquare.com/pdfs/ScollaySqDrinksMech6-12.pdf, Find out where they will be shooting off 4th of July fireworks near you! http://ow.ly/bYbvo, Are you cooking any of the Top 10 Most Iconic American dishes tomorrow? 
http://ow.ly/bXFap, Not sure what will be open or closed this 4th of July? Check out this link to help clear up any confusion! http://bit.ly/KOov9h, This photo makes us love Boston even more!, Do you think Boston's City Hall is so ugly it should be demolished?, Come in this weekend to make your own Bloody Marys and Mimosas! Which one do you prefer? http://bit.ly/MA0ymB, A look back on Youk throughout the years! Thanks for the memories! http://bo.st/Lgp9fp, Today is the first official day of summer! Celebrate with our refreshing cocktails! http://ow.ly/bHPh1, The Olympic Games are right around the corner! Take a peak of the uniforms that the athletes will be wearing! http://bo.st/MbhEIb http://ow.ly/i/HVZa, A perfect 5 day forecast to enjoy dinner and drinks on our patio! http://bit.ly/KHba8G, Not sure what to do this summer in New England? Check out these great ideas! http://bo.st/LWf2QJ, Don't for get that this Sunday is Father's Day! Treat your dad to a delectable brunch at Scollay Square! Check out our menu here http://bit.ly/MA0ymB, Celebrating a birthday soon? Check out this tasty recipe for Cake Batter Martinis!  http://bit.ly/qh86yi, Check out these great images of Scollay Square over the years! http://bit.ly/L30gGl, We had to share this Sangria on a stick recipe... looks so refreshing! http://bit.ly/ostFBX, Which one of our desserts are in the mood for?, Do you think that the Boston Celtics will be able to stop the heat from 'Bron 'Bron tonight? http://bo.st/LIaOfN, To commemorate fallen soldiers from Massachusetts,  33,000 American flags were planted around the Boston Common this past Memorial Day weekend. Did you get a chance to see this? http://bo.st/KEe9e8, The Boston Celtics are just one win away from the Eastern Conference Finals! Think they can pull it off tonight? http://bo.st/LDbYeD, Have a rough weekend? Come in and cleanse yourself with our Antioxidant Martini!, Predictions for tonight's Celtics game? Where will you be watching? , Boston's Waterfront is very up-and-coming! Dine with us and then head to the Waterfront for some more fun!, It's not too late to plan the perfect Mother's Day! Check out our very special Mother's Day menu!, The Brewer Fountain Plaza on the Boston Common sure does look pretty now that it's opened again! Now, where's the sun??, Can the Celtics win tonight without Rondo? Where will you be watching the game, Boston?, Another fabulous blog post from Don't Mind the Mess from our blogger Mom 100 Cookbook brunch!, Thanks to A Boston Mom for the great Scollay Square brunch review!, Lots of celebrities were tracked down in Boston over the past few days by the Boston Herald... Which celebrity will be next to dine at Scollay Square? , How exciting was last night's Boston Bruins game?? Where will you be watching tomorrow's game? , Did you know Ray Allen is a bookworm? (he prefers "real" books, but still loves his iPad!), Do you believe that this year's Red Sox season will be better than last? Here are a few reasons to believe it!, What do you think about PETA wanting to put snakes on MBTA trains?, It's the last evening of Restaurant Week Boston! Where are you dining?, Check out Boston.com's photos from Sunday night's Mad Men premiere party! What a blast!, Don't forget to get your tickets for Sunday's Mad Men viewing party!!, It's the perfect day for sitting outside Scollay Square for lunch (or dinner... or cocktails...). Happy Spring!, Who's excited for the return of Mad Men this Sunday? Come to our Mad Men Viewing Party, complete with 60s costumes, hors d’oeuvres, cocktails, and, of course, big screen televisions!, null, null, We're so excited to participate in Restaurant Week Boston®! Check out our special menu and come join us! , It's the weekend! Which means it's time for brunch. Don't forget we serve brunch on Saturday and Sunday with $4 mimosas and make-your-own bloody marys!, Whether or not you're running the Boston Marathon, are you excited for Samuel Adams 26.2 Brew?, We love teaming up with MAGIC 106.7 and David Allan Bouche on Bedtime Magic :), With Valentine's day around the corner, what does your perfect date look like?, Putting the finishing touches on our Valentine's day menu now! Make your reservations at opentable.com or call 6177424900, null, Battle of the stouts all week at Scollay Square!! Who ya got?, null, It's the last day to come in and enjoy our Primary Menu!! Follow the N.H. primary and come try dishes and drinks we paired up with each candidate. Who will win with the most orders??, Check out our feature on AskMen.com!, Are you planning on hanging out in Boston for First Night Boston on Saturday? Find out everything you need to know for the day/evening!, Who's hungry?, If there were an area casino, where would you prefer it?, Happy Thanksgiving, friends! Have the best one ever.... And stop by a drink if you need a break from your loved one!, We just learned that the opening of the Frog Pond has been postponed due to unseasonably warm weather! Well, we're not complaining. Come to the bar for some sangria instead :) , Guess what? The Boston Common Frog Pond opens this Friday! A sure sign that winter is coming... But also a good excuse to come warm up at our bar after some ice skating :), Happy National Sandwich Day! In addition to our regular menu, we'll also be serving reubens and corned beef sandwiches in honor of the occasion. Stop in :), It's Friday, which means it's time for weekend brunch! Will you be indulging in our make your own bloody marys or our $4 mimosas? The weekend isn't 2 days for nothing... :), Halloween Weekend is just about here! What are you doing to celebrate?, It's National Pasta Day! And we just happen to have a rather generous selection of mac and cheeses to celebrate. Which combination will you choose?, We're so happy Booze in Boston loved our cocktails :) Do you have a favorite Scollay Square drink?, Looking for some things to do around town this beautiful holiday weekend? Here's a great roundup. And don't forget- we're open for brunch Saturday, Sunday, AND Monday!, Will Boston restaurants be effected by the NBA lockout? LRG Restaurant Group co-owner Brad Dalbeck shares his thoughts with Jason Keith's The Small Business Blog!, Like Columbus you too can discover we will be opening for  brunch this Monday  10 AM, Guacapalooza is coming to Papagayo on September 26, from 6:00 to 9:00. There will be Guacamole stations paired with tequilla.( not to mention complimentary appetizers) The proceeds will go to the Greg Hill Foundation, you can get tickets on the Papagayo website..   See you there!!, We will be opening on Labor Day @ 10 am serving brunch and make your own Bloody Marys, Our restaurant week menu is up on www.scollaysquare.com!  Make your reservations on OpenTable.com or at (617) 742-4900.  , Have you seen our new menu?  We've got all your old favorites and some great new items as well.  Today is the perfect day to come check it out and have a cocktail on the patio.  Come on over!, We'll have all of our TVs tuned in to Game 7 tonight -- puck drops at 8! Come by early to grab a seat in the dining room or at the bar and get ready to watch the B's bring home the Stanley Cup!, We will be opening for brunch at 10 AM on Saturday and Sunday starting on June 4, .. See you then!!!!, We're now serving Ultra Smooth Double Cross Vodka and have Shock Top Belgian White on tap for the summer! Yummy..., Mother's Day is next Sunday -- Nothing says "I Love You Mom" like taking care of all the details.  Call us at (617) 742-4900 to make your reservation and we'll make sure your Mom and your whole family have the perfect brunch. Of course we'll have our fantastic Bloody Mary Bar, and we'll have a special menu up on www.scollaysquare.com soon!, Well if this isn't perfect patio weather, we don't know what is.  Stop by after work and grab a seat outside before they're all taken!, The patio is all set up and ready for summer (as are we!)...come over and join us for a cocktail and some great food!  Patio season has offically begun!, Today's lunch special is Pastrami on rye with Swiss cheese and whole grain mustard. Your choice of chips or fries. We had some this morning and it was fantastic!, It's getting closer and closer to patio season!  Get ready to sip a cocktail outside and enjoy some old favorites as well as some new menu items in just a few weeks!, Feelin' lucky? Well that's because we've got a special Reuben sandwich for St. Patrick's Day! All the works - swiss cheese, sauerkraut, Thousand Island dressing on rye and choice of side.. Like all good luck, it won't last long, so come join us, laddies!, Any favorites from our restaurant week menu?  Let us know!, Restaurant Week Apps:
Maine Crab & Goat Cheese Wontons with a chili spiked plum sauce and pickled cabbage.
Grilled Parma Prosciutto-wrapped Asparagus with fresh mozzarella, oven roasted tomato, and a balsamic syrup., Restaurant Week Entrees:
Braised Short Ribs with wild mushroom risotto, seared greens, & natural jus
Seared Tilapia Fillet with a chive potato cake, wilted spinach, and a mussel saffron clam broth.
Butternut Squash Lasanga with mascarpone and ricotta cheeses, baby spinach, and sage cream., Restaurant Week Dessert: Strawberry Shortcake with vanilla bean ice cream, warm buttermilk biscuit, and macerated strawberries, Are you ready for restaurant week? We'll have $33.11 bottles of Cabernet and Chardonnay to accompany your 3-course meal (also priced at $33.11) Call (617) 742-4900 or head to OpenTable.com for reservations., Looking for the perfect Bloody Mary?  We've got a MAKE YOUR OWN BLOODY MARY BAR during Brunch -- 11-2 on Saturdays and Sundays! Heat it up to your liking with our many hot sauces and spices.  It's the perfect complement to some Lobster Eggs Benedict or some Blueberry Stuffed French Toast., Are you following us on twitter? We'll be sending out lots of info about specials, promotions, and other Scollay news.  We're @scollaysquare.  Follow us!, Restaurant Week is just around the corner!  March 6-11 & 13-18 we'll be serving up a fantastic 3-course dinner for $33.11.  Head over to opentable.com or call us at (617) 742-4900 to reserve your table!, Colder temps are back in Boston, so if you need a little warming up during your workday, come in for this week's hearty lunch specials - Butternut Squash Soup served with toasted brioche or Chicken Parm with a generous helping of cavatappi. Hang in there, spring is just around the corner!, Valentine's Day has got us all warm and fuzzy! So we're stirring up some romantic recipes for you and your sweetheart <3 including 3 special entrees and a chocolate covered raspberry martini through Monday night. Hope to see all you lovebirds there!, I would like to suggest that you join Papagayo Boston our newest restaurant  on Summer Street. Check it out!, Come in for The Leaf-Blower, our fun fall cocktail made with St. Germaine elderflower liquer, brandy, & pomegranate juice with a hint of orange, guaranteed to blow your leaves and your mind!, Breaking news...Scollay Square is now serving Brunch on Saturdays! What? You dont think thats news worthy? Well what about if I said that we will be serving $4 Bloody Marys and Mimosas, would that make you change your mind??....Oh Yeah, thats right, we are makin' news now!!! Better come check it out!!!, P.S. Dont forget to sign up for our VIP program at lrg.capturecode.com, which entitles you to various discounts and promotions. 25% off just for signing up! And dont worry you wont get a bunch of annoying emails if you do sign up, I barely have time to write these posts!, Patio season is underway and we kicked it off with a brand new expanded menu! Come on in and enjoy some of your summer favorites like Maine Lobster Roll, Swordfish Chop and a White Grape Martini!, Dont let this beautiful day go to waste! Come and enjoy this short peak at summer with a margarita, or beer, or cosmo, or...you get the picture. Food, drinks, sun, patio...NOW!, Here's your Friday lunch: A slow-roasted Kobe meatloaf sandwich with melted cheddar cheese, tomato relish, and crispy onion strips served on grilled ciabatta with house-made potato chips. A steal at $9.50!, Warm weather is on its way, come take advantage of it while it lasts! The patio is open and your cocktail awaits. Also join us this Sunday for a special Easter Sunday Brunch...Roasted Leg of Lamb, Filet Mignon, Lobster Eggs Benedict and so much more. Dont miss out!, Are you craving those delicious flavor combinations from Thanksgiving? Well crave no further, join us for lunch today and try our new Fire Roasted Turkey Sandwich with jack cheese, avocado and cranberry chutney...gobble, gobble!, Week two of Restaurant Week!! Miss the New Orleans BBQ Shrimp? This is your chance to get some as a Restaurant Week appetizer., It's spring, and you know what that means! PATIO TIME! That's right, the patio is all set up and ready go for a sunny lunch or cocktail! Come enjoy the Boston sun the right way., Restaurant Week is here! Three courses for $33.10! Check out the menu at the link below., Come try our Valentines Weekend Specials... Sat. or Sunday night specail 3 course menu ( or off our regular menu) and try us for Sunday Brunch featuring our Bloody Mary Bar!!, New drink list coming later this week! Check back this weekend to find your new favorite!, Check out Scollay's new look. New tables, bigger bar area...new menu. Lots happening at good ole Scollay Square., null)