List(loved shooting this girl. Everything just came together!, I love seeing people I have photographed continue to follow their dreams. Also check out her album cover I did on ITunes. Love the song Ari. Congrats., null, Our next art opening. The very talented Chris Davis. April 1st., Winter Portfolios in Full swing in this Spring like weather!, Winter Kids Model Portfolios Continue.
Addison killing it in this GAP inspired shoot., null, Millie's anual Holiday photo. I could not decide which i liked better!, Looking for the prefect gift still? A gift card for any type of Photography in any dollar amount is the perfect gift for someone who has everything., Winter still has not happened still a good time to get your head shot done. Created outside this past week. Paloma for Maggie Inc, Just sold our first piece of art from our very first show. Largest piece in  the show! Very excited. 
Thanks Damon for the beautiful images that are up in the studio!, New Studio is just about complete. Looking good and loving the new space. Our first art exhibit is up featuring a local artist ever other month. Stop by Friday to see the instillation and for some wine., Love this little guy. Was a blast to photograph him!, What an amazing Google Review from a client!:)

Up until last week, I had never gotten any headshots taken. Of course, then, I was nervous going into the session first and didn't know what to expect: was it going to be uncomfortable? Was the photographer really going to be as good as the reviews I'd read about him had claimed? I had seen his portfolio and was very impressed, but could I really get such amazing outcomes myself? As soon as I met Kevin, I was put instantly at ease. He greeted me very sincerely and I instantly felt welcome. As I was getting the headshots taken, it was no different. Throughout the entire session, it felt like I was getting headshots taken by a friend rather than someone I'd never met before. Kevin has a great charisma that you can only hope to encounter nowadays, and makes you feel so comfortable the entire time; I found myself having so much fun with the shoot to the point where I even found myself not wanting it to end when it did. Time flies extremely quickly when you're having fun, and Kevin really delivered with his results, too, producing headshots that I was really proud of and could not wait to share. Not only was the experience an amazing one; it was a very affordable one, too! Kevin is definitely one of the best people I have ever had the privilege of working with. If you're looking for a photographer that produces amazing results while, at the same time, making you feel at ease, look no further! Kevin's your guy!, New postcards look great. Thanks Matt Colaneri!, Love this pic! Fall Kids Portfolio shoots. Still booking through November with outside shots!, Gift Cards now available in any amount! Just in time for the Holidays!, Getting Excited for Our new studio space. Moving in the next week. More space bigger better location. Cant wait for this next chapter!, Watching Scream Queens last night, and saw this girl Whitney on it which I had the pleasure of photographing. Love seeing people on tv that I have done their head shots! Check out the show lots of fun!, The last of the 70's pics!, null, Just finished up the shots from the 70's Themed shoot and I love them!, Just finished up the shots from the 70's Themed shoot and I love them!, Just finished up the shots from the 70's Themed shoot and I love them!, More from the 70's Shoot! Loving these shots., The 70's are back! Sneak Peak from from this weeks Fashion Shoot with Model Ester Eva from Model Club INC. Styled By Michelle Coughlan from Anchor and Make-up/Hair By Deanna Flanagan. Much more too come!, Had a blast shooting this handsome little man's second portfolio! Nick for Cameo Agency., Today I photographed a few pups to help Last Hope K9. So many dogs need good homes. Little boy below is up for Adoption! 
Thanks Manda Carco for setting it up!, null, Regional Favorite Winner! Thanks everyone for the votes!
http://wickedlocalfavorites.com/business?cat=local-shopping&search_by_town=boston, New work from last week model Stephanie. Loving this shot!, null, Need a Model Portfolio update for you or your child? Summer is here great time of year to update portfolios and head shots. Now booking July and August. Email or call for an appointment.
kevin@kevindayphotography.com
617.645.1813, Check out this great company, Sprouting Threads, I have done a few shoots for. They sell kids clothes through a monthly trunk club.  You pick out your kids style and they send you the clothes in the mail. No shopping!! Use the Promo code to get a discounted rate. Which is my name!! :), Seeing my work on a billboard has just made my day., Another Fun day at the beach!, null, New work of Derek from Maggie INC. Loving this shot., Check out my brand new web site designed by David Whitaker and Design Geeks. If you need a new site check him out. I'm loving my new site and the new clients., Check out my Brand New Web Site! Designed by David at Design Geeks. If you need a new site check them out! Loving my new site!
www.kevindayphotography.com, Love this girl from this weekend. Such a beautiful young girl!, null, Love using water in photo shoots! So much fun., I just realized today is my anniversary of when I started  to work for myself. It's been a great 8 years so far. Bring on the start of my 9th., null, null, A photo from a Happy Couple on their wedding day made the list of top 10 most romantic kisses. Happy Valentine's Day, I would like to introduce a new service available at Kevin Day Photography        

Social Media Session- $185
- 30 min studio session
- Digital proofs
- 3 high res images of your choice (each additional image $20)
- 1 Retouched Image ($35 Value)
- Unlimited usage rights for self promotion

Please email Kevin@KevinDayPhotography.com for more details or to book your session., Love this girl! Reese for Cameo Models., Smiling for the Camera at 4 weeks old! Baby Shoot., New Shot with Model Zoe, Styled by Evan Crothers and Make-up and Hair by Kacie Corbelle., Another shot from the shoot with Stephen Cwiok., Some new work this year. With Model Stephen Cwiok., null, Love this shot from November. Musician Samiah, promotional shots., Thank you everyone for a great year! Look forward to another one!. See you in 2015!, A shot from Yesterdays shoot for Crush Boutique! And look who the little star is, little Millie! Proud Daddy!, ABSOLUTELY LOVE THIS SHOOT! Musician Samiah with her promotional shoot for her music!, Millie's Holiday Photo! 
It's that time of year again! Holiday photo sessions now available Oct 19-26th Nov 6th-15th and Nov 30th-Dec 6th. Includes a 30 min session up to 3 people the 5 best images retouched for $195. Book your holiday photo session today. Limited Space available., null, It's that time of year again! Holiday photo sessions now available Oct 19-26th Nov 6th-15th and Nov 30th-Dec 6th. Includes a 30 min session up to 3 people the 5 best images retouched for $195. Book your holiday photo session today. Limited Space available., Give professional Holiday Photos. Studio shoot for 3 people, includes 5 retouched images., It's that time of year again! Holiday photo sessions now availably Oct 19-26th Nov 6th-15th and Nov 30th-Dec 6th. Book your holiday photo session today. Limited Space available., Looking forward to a full day of shoots on this extended summer day with Bre Welch., Love this couple having fun with their wedding photos! Congrats to both of you! These pics made me smile!, Need a new head shot? Update your head shot today before winter is here! Actor Sean., Some New Work with New Model Zach. Which image do you like the best? Left, Right or Center?, Another Great Review from this cute kids mom. 

Kevin,
I just wanted to email and say thanks again for a great shoot and all the beautiful pictures of my girls!!! I have since been in touch with a few agencies, one of which has extended an offer to sign Teagan! This is so exciting for us, and we will definitely be coming to you for future photoshoots!!! 
Ashley, Great Review from a client yesterday!

Kevin,

You're hired again! When Sean needs a portfolio update, we're calling again. Here's a new dilemma: do I recommend you or keep one of Boston's best kept photography secrets to myself? But then I know the truth: agents DO recommend you! And we do, too. You allowed Sean's personality to shine through. With your skill and Sean's ability to relax on set, you were able to capture fabulous headshots and poses for his new portfolio. When Sean walks into the next casting audition, they'll know the teen they chose from an online comp card is the teen they want to cast! He looks and feels his best. Thank you for helping Sean get booked. 

Michele, Love seeing my work in print form. Also this book "Everything I never told you" was amazingly good for anyone that is looking for a good read!, Great email from a client today that I photographed earlier this week!
Kevin,

I just wanted to send you a very big thank you! This obviously being my first time doing a proper photo shoot I was nervous, but you and Manda made me feel very comfortable. Your positive attitude, and the vision you show is untouchable. Truly an artist of your craft! Hopefully the future holds a place for us to cross paths again.

Looking forward to the final product!

Cheers!
-Bobby, Love this little guy so much personality!, Last night's festivities photographing for the Point Foundation. Great shot of Joe Kennedy and Jason Collins excepting an award from the Point Foundation., Great Review on Pictage from a client this morning. Thanks Nicole!
 Nicole Black
"Kevin is great! We have worked with him twice, and I would highly recommend him. His work speaks for itself, but he is also very friendly and makes you feel comfortable and relaxed in front of the camera. My daughter really enjoyed her photo shoots and appreciated his style and approach. You won't be disappointed, great experience and pictures are beautiful.", Fun in the studio with new Model Brian., A shoot from this past weekend. New Model Lindsay. Loving this image. #leatherandlaceartistry #kevindayphotography #BreWelch #lovemyjob, About to photograph Medium Rachel Perry. Very excited about this one. Love my job !, null, Finally the new biz cards are in. And they look stunning. Even better in person. Thank Matt Colaneri for awesome cards!!, Getting ready to start this beautiful Saturday full of shoots with the best team!, null, Another shot from the shoot from Stardom Underwear. Happy Friday!, Fun little shot from a model portfolio this week. Make-up and hair by Kacie Corbelle and Styling By Evan Crothers., loving this head shot taken last week in the cold! It's not too early to book your head shot session for this spring!, Great shoot today with @kaciecorbelle @evancrothers @liza_bernardi #modelportfolio #lastlook #newmodels #fashion #feelingspring #lovemyjob #kevindayphotography, null, Another great Testimonial I just had to share.

“I've had the honor of knowing and working with Kevin for well over a decade and I've often been inspired by his unique combination of talent, skill and professionalism.  His collaboration with new models is remarkable: he has an infectious charm and keen sense that puts people at ease while bringing out their best.  Kevin is an utmost professional consistently delivering quality service to all with whom he works.”
Robert Casey Owner/Agent at Maggie INC, I have been getting Testimonials for my web site.  Thought I would share some of them on here as well. Thanks Lynda for this great testimonial. 

I have worked with Kevin for many years. All my models rave about how well he works with newcomers and experienced models alike. Kevin's photos are extraordinary, creative and so beautiful. As an agent with work from casual headshot to lifestyle or high-fashion, Kevin is my "go to" photographer for any age and any style. 
Lynda St James Owner/Agent Cameo Models and Talent, Let the fully booked day of head shots begin. Great day for it going to be 50 today!, Who says great head shots cant happen outside in the winter! Actress Sam., I had the pleasure of shooting underwear for Stardom Underwear last week. This is the third shot. My thought process on this shoot was anyone can be a star in Stardom underwear! These were shot in the models bedrooms., I had the pleasure of shooting underwear for Stardom Underwear last week. This is the second shot. My thought process on this shoot was anyone can be a star in Stardom underwear! These were shot in the models bedrooms., I had the pleasure of shooting underwear for Stardom Underwear last week. This is the first shot to be shared. Love this one My thought process on this shoot was anyone can be a star in Stardom underwear! These were shot in the models bedrooms., Loving the pics from this shoot!, Just caved and finally joined Twitter Follow me there as well KDayPhotography, A shot from September! I wish it were still summer!  But till then Happy Snow storm. Bring it on!, Great Shoot from the other day. My favorite pic from it! Lets send Shay some love and hit the like button for her!, More Winter Wonderland shots from last week! Happy New Year!, Winter Wonderland with Alyssa Perry Styled by Evan Crothers and Make-up and Hair By Bre Welch., A little Holiday fun with Zoe from Model Club INC. 
Styled by Evan Crothers. Make-up and hair Kacie Corbelle., Street Fashion in the cold., Nothing makes a better holiday gift then a family photo.Call or email today to book your session and preserve a life time of memories. kevindayphotography.com or 617-645-1813, For the First Time, I will be doing Holiday Photo Sessions From Now through Dec 18th.
Holiday special rate of $200 for a 30 Min Session
Includes the final high res images on disc or a 
download link.  Email kevin@kevindayphotography or call 617-645-1813 for complete details and bookings., Great Review form a client today thanks Betty!
 Betty Rico
"Kevin was very professional at our photography session. The pictures came out amazing. I would recommend him to others! ", Love this. Being part of their beautiful day., Brand New Web Site! Check it out!
www.kevindayphotography.com, Last look with @beccalynn97. Hair and makeup by @kaciecorbelle. #photoshoot #hairandmakeup #modelportfolio #kevindayphotography, My first Instagram post. A hand written letter from a happy couple., null, Love this shot from this morning's shoot for Model Club INC., Check out this great wedding I did last winter that is now featured in love Inc magazine!
http://loveincmag.com/lauren-and-maggies-winter-wonderland-elopement/, Happy Friday! A pic from a shoot from this week of Andrew for New England Models Group., And one more of this happy couple.., Love this pic of this happy couple on their wedding day last week. Congrats to both of them., And one last one. I love this shot too!, Great shoot with Kacie Corbelle! Love these pics of Lucy for Maggie INC.
Pic #3, Great shoot with Kacie Corbelle! Love these pics of Lucy for Maggie INC.
Pic #2, Great shoot with Kacie Corbelle! Love these pics of Lucy for Maggie INC.
Pic #1, null, Look at this little Cutie sporting the new collection for Relative Threads!, Just finished a great day doing a shoot for Relative Threads., Just finished a great shoot today with the talented Kacie Corbelle. Feeling inspired., And one last one! I love these!!, Great new model for Maggie INC styled by Evan Crothers., Great new model for Maggie INC styled by Evan Crothers., Another pic of Lucy., Lucy for Maggie Inc., Love this shot!, Beautiful Little girl for Cameo Models and Talent!, Two beautiful shots of Thales from Maggie Inc., Two beautiful shots of Thales from Maggie Inc., Great new little talent from Model Club INC., Actor Jake Picking., Awesome Shoot today with Andrew. A sneak peak at todays work. Which Image do you like better A or B?
This is image B, Awesome Shoot today with Andrew. A sneak peak at todays work. Which Image do you like better A or B.
This is image A, Love this shot from last weeks shoot!, null, Jake for Maggie Inc. What do you think of him?, Big Shout out to Bre Welch awarded best make up artist in Boston by the Improper  Bostonian. I have the pleasure of working with you and your talent., null, First of two pics of young Thomas for Model Club!, Love this shot of Peter for New England Models Group!, New talent from New England Models Group I had the pleasure of helping him create his first model portfolio., Great new Talent from Model Club INC., Just finished a fun shoot for trip advisor! Great Day!, One more of this cutie from Cameo models and talent. Forgot to mention make-up and hair by Bre Welch (Leather and Lace Artistry), Great new Talent from Cameo Models and Talent. This little 4 year old rocked it for 2.5 hours!!, Another Shot of Danielle for New England Models Group!, A shot from yesterday from a great new talent from New England Models Group! Great job Danielle, A shot from yesterday from a great new talent from New England Models Group! Great job Danielle!, Check out this great new company that I photographed a few weeks ago called Relative Threads and my dogs modeling debut!!!  http://www.relativethreads.com, Great review from a client today!!!!
"I would absolutely recommend Kevin Day Photography! We chose Kevin Day to take pictures for our 9 year old son. We had very specific thoughts about having outdoor pictures taken. We waited until we were fairly sure the weather would allow for some outdoor shots and scheduled, Ryan was SO excited! That morning the weather was looking so gloomy and the forecast was terrible. Kevin Day told us what he would be able to do depending on the weather and said he was willing to try it if we were. He didn't just try it! He stuck it out with us through snow/rain squalls, wind, and a very excited 9 year old boy! AND the pictures were incredible!! We will definitely be back for our future photography needs!!" 
Maryibeth, Just finished shooting a wedding in the Boston Gardens. An early shot from the night that I just had to share. I love this pic! Congrats to both of you Stan and Michael!, null, I Loved this kid! So many good shots I could not choose one but i liked this one and the one to follow a lot!, Great day photographing a new companies collection for spring summer!, Another Shot from a wedding from a few weeks ago, Great Shoot last weekend thanks Team!, Great Little Shoot with this guy last week!, Great shoot from last weekend with Heather Evan and Bre!
More to come!, Just finished a great shoot at Daymor Couture., Great New Talent From Model Club INC., Great New Talent From Model Club INC., Thank you everyone who entered the contest and also everyone who came out last night to celebrate the new space with me and Kacie.  So many entries Our First contest winner is Jose Hernandez and the second is Cristin Murphy. jose was first winner so he will get first choice of the two prizes. Both of you will be contacted this week by email. Thank you everyone who entered., Thank you everything for coming to the event. The opening was more successful then I could've imagined. Thanks again for a great night!!, Thank you everyone who entered the contest winners are announced tomorrow. If you are around tonight come down to the opening party for the new studio space and celebrate with us tonight 6-9. Look forward to seeing you all., Another Pic of Steven from last week!, Great model from a shoot last week first of two pics. Another to come!, The first wedding of the season. Congrats Lauren and Maggie!, About to photograph the first wedding if the season!, Enter To win one of two limited Edition prints both sized (12x18) framed and signed, All you have to do is like this page and follow the link below to fill your entry form. Contest runs Feb 2, 2013-Feb 28th 2013 till midnight EST. Winners announced on March 2, 2013. Contest rules posted on link.
This is Image two.
http://www.kevindayphotography.com/contest.html, Enter To win one of two limited Edition prints both sized (12x18) framed and signed, All you have to do is like this page and follow the link below to fill your entry form. Contest runs Feb 2, 2013-Feb 28th 2013 till midnight EST. Winners announced on March 2, 2013. Contest rules posted on link.
This is Image one.
http://www.kevindayphotography.com/contest.html, A party, A Special and a a Contest all coming up in the month of February With the opening of our new studio space in the South End with Make-up artist Kacie Corbelle.  Details on each coming soon., null, What a cute pic! Like if you agree! :), This little girl had a blast during her shoot and it shows. great pic from a new talent at Model Club INC., Which Image do you like better? A or B

Image B, Which Image do you like better? A or B

Image A, Brand New Updated Web-Site today! Check it out 
kevindayphotography.com, The company Mascot has a message..., Tell me what you think of this new pic?, null, Only a couple of this image left in my Public Alley 81 Series. Limited Edition 1-10. Makes a great Holiday gift!! Size available 8x12 for $150 12x18 for $250 and 16x24 for $350. Comes framed and signed. Happy Holiday!, The shots from the Zoo keep on coming!! Love this shot of Amber!, Another Shot from the old Franklin Park Zoo., Another Shot from the Zoo!, First Shot in the old Zoo. More to come but this is my favorite., Great Shoot today for Daymor Couture. Went very smoothly! Thanks everyone!, Some Fun Images from last week. With Bre Welch and Shawn Sweeney., Some Fun Images from last week. With Bre Welch and Shawn Sweeney., null, Heading out with Kacie Corbelle and team to do the fashion shoot we have been trying to set up for the past two years. Going to be a great shoot and an awesome day!, Like it if you think he's hot!  Or if you just like the pictures!! :)Great shoot from wednesday., Awesome shoot today with Bre Welch., With the sun slipping away from us I have New Winter Hours. Tuesday through Saturday 10-4 and Sunday 11-3., Great Shoot with this little guy!!, Great Article I am Featured In!!!, and one more of Den McMen from the other day!, Great shoot the other day!, New Talent from Model Club INC. I love this girl great job Taygan!, Great new talent from Model Club INC, Which Image do you like better A or B?

Image B, Which Image do you like better A or B?

Image A, Up coming Show at DBAR Sept 6th 6-9pm, null, Dancing bride!, Another shot from the show. Another showing of the collection coming soon to Boston., Chip and Jill!, Chip and Jill's Wedding! Congrats to both of you., KEVIN DAY PHOTOGRAPHY, Great new shot from new talent at Model Club INC., null, One of the Images from the show a few weeks a go., Another Shoot that didn't make the show but i love this one!, And the other side., The view from the roof deck of the wedding, A wedding from this past weekend at XV Beacon Roof Deck. Congrats Chris and Dane!, null, KEVIN DAY PHOTOGRAPHY, KEVIN DAY PHOTOGRAPHY, http://www.pictage.com/photographers/listing.do?studio=KD105
Some Great new reviews! Thanks Everyone!, KEVIN DAY PHOTOGRAPHY, And another new talent from Model Club INC!, Great New photo From new talent from Model Club INC!, Great Shot from this past week!, null, KEVIN DAY PHOTOGRAPHY, Great shot from a shoot this past weekend!, KEVIN DAY PHOTOGRAPHY, KEVIN DAY PHOTOGRAPHY, New Head Shot for actor Anthony O'Leary., Another out take from an upcoming show. This one didn't make the cut but came very close., null, A new take on an old shoot Kacie Corbelle and I did a few years ago, from this past weekend., Another Great Shot from this weekend!, Behind the Scene with Bre Welch this week!, Photographed this amazing model today for Daymor Couture. Check out her commercial.
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jTVK1_3xREs, New Work, Neon Dream., null, null, Say something about this photo..., Say something about this photo..., Say something about this photo..., Found this pic today from when i was in school!, A shot from this past weekend from an up and coming model from Model Club INC., An out take from an up and coming show!, null, And one more pic of this great young model!, Just had a great shoot with upcoming talent from Model Club Inc., null, New Lower Head Shot Rates for 2012 last years price $325 this year $285. Call 617.645.1813 or email kevin@kevindayphotography.com, null, null, null, null, null, null, Some great new Head Shots from some new talent!, null, null, null, null, Just had a great shoot with Kacie Corbelle Makeup Artistry, Some great new Head Shots from some new talent!, null, And a few more!
Janice Tabin
 Feb 28, 2011 
 
Kevin was terrific with our 8-year old. Patient, kind and great photos!
 
Charlotte Janigian
 Feb 4,2011 
 
Kevin has a great way with children. He's very patient, has good technique, and the end product is high quality., Some great Review from the past few months. Thanks Everyone!
Julie Shaughnessy
 Jan 23, 2011  

Kevin Day is an excellent photographer; his manner was very professional and he has a great personality on top of the fact that his pictures are gorgeous - I would work with him again in a heartbeat!
 
Patty Cloutier
 Sep 23, 2010
Great experience ! Kevin was very professional and my daughter had fun., null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, This was the event from Boston Fashion week for The Launch. Check it out. 
http://thelaunchgallery.com/, null, null, null, Some great new Head Shots from some new talent!, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, Some great new Head Shots from some new talent!, null, null, null)