List(We are open for brunch!, Late start but Trivia is ON! Come down and play!, We are open for bunch 10-2 and dinner 3-10. Happy Easter!, Try our Simnel Cake on Sunday! Simnel Cake is a traditional Easter cake with history. It has a layer of almond paste baked into the center and a thick layer of almond icing on top. The 11 balls represent 11 of the 12 apostles - Judas is missing because he betrayed Jesus., Can't wait to open the cafe (soon)!, We got our shipment in from Ireland in preparation for brunch this weekend:, null, null, We are glad you like our desserts!, Today's demonstration with Denise featuring: Spotted Dog Irish Bread!, Our bakery demonstration with Denise starts in a half hour -  3:00!, That's what we like to see! Happy Saint Patrick's Day!!, null, null, null, Hurry down for dinner and a seat to watch The Quiet Man at 8:00!, Baguette prep for our Rarebit Crostini, mmh!, Live Irish music 5-7pm!, null, Join us on March 16th at 12:00 to enjoy lunch and meet Bill Brett! Inquire for ticket purchase - each ticket includes a copy of Boston Irish by Bill Brett and lunch, followed by beer, wine, and whiskey tastings!, Getting ready for tonight. We have a ton of desserts so come hungry!, Don't forget- #Funnybone Trivia starts at 8:00, tonight's prizes compliments of #CastleIslandBrewingCO. Come try their Keeper IPAand get a free glass! Sampling starts at 7pm, Join us Wednesday from 7-10 for a night of trivia, beer sampling, and a chance to win cool prizes. Hosted by #CastleIsland Brewing Co., the newest addition to our beer list!, Funnybone Trivia with comedian Scott Lombardo starts at 8:00!, Thanks for the review, Kelly Ann. We'll have plenty of chocolatey desserts the next time you are in!, Only a month away! Stay tuned for a full list of festivities for Saint Patrick's  Week!, Restaurant open for brunch today!, Now open for dinner in the Pub and Restaurant side!, Now taking reservations for Valentine's Dinner!, TRIVIA!! Is about to start. Best team name gets a round on us, and winners get cool prizes!, Tonight is the night!, Almost game time, come on down!, Join us tonight and every Wednesday night at 8:00 for the most hilarious trivia game in Boston as Comedian Scotty Lombardo mixes stand-up with trivia questions to give you a laugh and a chance to win!, Some photos from our first official function! Thank you Rita & Amy for choosing EWJO for David and Ari's baby shower, we had so much fun!, null, null, null, null, Up late? A little bit of bubbly still in your head? Come on down, we've got just what you need: brunch until 2pm!, Join us for NYE. We will be offering our full menu as well as a four course meal for $24.99 - a deal that cannot be beat. Call for reservations: 617-469-2624., We are open for brunch!, When you finish your shopping & have everything prepped you're going to need a break - come on down. We will be open Christmas Eve., Now taking dinner reservations for New Years Eve, feel free to stay late for our champagne toast! But if you can't make it for dinner fear not, we will be serving brunch the day after!, Time to prep., Test cooking!, We are looking for servers! Email your resume to eatwithjackoneill@gmail.com, null, null, It's beginning to look a lot like Christmas!, Christmas Tree decorating with WRMS!, Tonight's dinner special, Chicken & Broccoli Gratin with Zucchini and Carrot salad!, null, null, Tonight we unveil our new cocktail and dessert menus because we've all been overindulging since Wednesday and why stop now?!, Happy Thanksgiving! Closed for the holiday, open for Brunch tomorrow!, In observance of Thanksgiving we will be closed tomorrow, November 26th. We will be open at 10am on Black Friday for BRUNCH!, Practicing for our new cocktails! No need to wait until the new year, we will have new beers, new wines, and new cocktails at the start of the weekend!, Last chance to sign up for Paint Nite tomorrow from 6:30-8:30!, Not your daddy's meat and potatoes, though I'm sure he'd like some too., Fresh baked Sweet Potato Pie available for dessert! Enjoy with an Irish Coffee., Still working hard to get the restaurant open, but the pub is still open for lunch and dinner until 10PM, and open for drinks until 1AM., Our next Paint Nite is coming up, get your tickets now!, We'll have the match on today at 2:30!, You've been working for the weekend, now we're working for you., The rotisserie is cranking!, If you're looking for a delicious beer come in and try Firestone Walker Brewing Co.'s Easy Jack IPA. One of our favorites!, Test baking sour dough bread for our cafe!, null, PaintNite for the ladies and Monday Night Football for the gentlemen (which unfortunately involves the teams from Chicago and San Diego, but hey, football is football). Happy Monday, #WestRoxbury !, Don't forget tonight is Paint Nite! There are still a few tickets left so get yours now!, Live Irish Music tonight (and every Sunday) from 5-8!, Let's do this!, Trivia tonight at 8! First place wins their choice of a $45 gift card OR the two mystery tickets inside this envelope! (Hint: the event takes place Nov. 22 at Fenway Park.) Best team name wins a round of drinks, so get that pun generator going., New seasons bring new beer specials. Sierra Oktoberfest and Wachusett Blueberry Ale $5!, We want to see your Halloween Costumes, post them here!, Still unsure of what to do for Halloween? We'll be celebrating with dinner and a few pints!, Happy Halloween from the O'Neill family!, Check out our Paint Nite photos! Here is the link to the next event: https://www.paintnite.com/pages/events/view/boston/927693, Hard at work today!, Need we say more?, Baguettes, fresh from the oven!, Things are really coming along in the restaurant. Check out our new rotisserie!, O'Hara's Pint Night tonight from 8-10. Enjoy a pint and get a free glass!, Remembering the beautiful and talented Maureen O'Hara today., Ready for our first Paint Nite! Next one is November 9th, don't miss it!, Irish Session tonight from 5-8pm!, Planning your week? Don't forget that Tuesday night is Trivia night!, null, Today's Soup Of The Day: Spinach with a drizzle of Cream!, GO PATS!, null, null, null, Bruins start tonight! We'll have it on the big screen so you can't miss it., Just rememeber, it's a long weekend. A whole extra day to take yourself out and enjoy!, We are excited to host our very first PAINT NIGHT! What better way to forget those Monday blues than getting creative!?, Don't forget it's Trivia Night! Come early to eat, today's a great day for our Beef Kabobs paired with an Allagash White., Brunch time!, Thirsty Thursday. Come down for a pint, we won't tell!, null, Today is a Grilled Cheese and Tomato Soup sort of day..., Get your team names ready, trivia starts at 8:00!, Trivia starts tonight at 8:00! Come early to get a spot. Best team name wins a bonus prize!, BRUNCH TIME!!!, We are loving this weather. What's your favorite time of year?!, Now serving brunch every Saturday and Sunday from 10-2!, null, null, Fall is upon us! We've added Grilled Beef Kebobs to the menu and some new cocktails, including an Apple Bourbon Sangria perfect on a cool night., Saying goodbye to Jack O'Neill!, We know everyone loves brunch! So we're extending our brunch menu to all Saturday mornings and all public holidays, as well as regular Sundays. Be sure to come by and check it out! #EatDrinkBeMerry, Eat With Jack O'Neill tours with Smuttynose! #drinkwithjackoneill #sustainabledrinking, Tonight's special - Crispy Goat Cheese with apple & hazelnut salad!, Our kitchen is open until 11:00 tonight, AND we have a crispy goat cheese appetizer and rhubarb shortcake for dessert!, $5 Appetizer specials from 8-10 tonight. GO PATS!, Despite the heat, fall is upon us! Jack's Brew today is Oktoberfest. Enjoy a pint or two!, null, Hungry? Our kitchen is now open until 11pm on Friday's and Saturdays!, TGI-Wednesday, half way there!  Don't wait for Friday, come down for a good meal and cool down with a cold one!, We're extending our kitchen hours on Fridays and Saturdays until 11pm! We know sometimes food tastes best past 10pm!, Monday blues? Stop by for an Irish Breakfast - available all day!, Tonight's dessert is a mascarpone and espresso tiramisu with a boozy infusion. Definitely worth checking out!, null, null, Brunch is on from 10am until 2pm every Sunday. Come by and check it out!, Tonight we have a special for everyone - Spinach & Pea Salad (with pancetta and feta cheese!) and a Victory Prima Pilsner to help wash it down. That's not to forget dessert, which is the best part if you ask us! A Raspberry Meringue Roulade, check it out:, Looking for a perfect way to end a summer's eve? Come try our Passion Fruit Mousse with Lemon sables!, We are now hiring FOH positions in preparation for the restaurant opening, email your resume to eatwithjackoneill@gmail.com!, We'll be closed all day Monday (July 13th) due to upgrade works in our kitchen connected with our new restaurant., Join us for brunch & start your day right!, Eat With Jack O'Neill will be closed today and tomorrow. Have a happy and safe holiday!, Start celebrating the Fourth of July with a cold Jack's Brew - a perfect summer ale that goes great with our Grass-fed Burger (but then, is there anything beer doesn't go great with?), Come down to the bar today and try our buttermilk fried chicken with homemade cornbread, today's special! #EatDrinkBeMerry, Hey, we will be serving brunch tomorrow from 9am till 1pm and every Sunday from now on! Stop by and check out our brunch menu which includes fresh smoothies, omelettes and of course a traditional Irish farmhouse fry up! #eatdrinkbemerry, null, https://instagram.com/eatwithjackoneill/

Check us out on Instagram to see whats on the menu at Jack's and much more!, For those who don't know, the bar is now open! We are serving food too, so come on in and check us out!, null, We had a lot of fun tonight at 2014 Taste Of West Roxbury. It was great to meet all of you and introduce ourselves!, null, Opening March 2014, Looking forward to your support at the West Roxbury Neighborhood meeting next Tuesday, January 28th!)