List(Don't miss our current special! 
Smoked fish platter:
Salmon mille-feuille, trout escabeche, bluefish pâté served with toast points, Blueberry, chocolate and vanilla entremet. Chambord gastrique, chocolate crumble, blueberry caramel, sweet cream gelato., Thanks Thrillist!, New to the menu tonight: Salty Peanut Gateau!

Peanut butter caramel, Candied peanuts, Salty peanut butter ice cream, No time capsule was ever more delicious: 1962 Domaine de Saint-Aubin Bas Armagnac., We added the delicious 2013 WillaKenzie Estate Pinot Gris to our award-winning wine-by-the-glass list!, Our cellar sale might be over but summer sure isn't! We've added Château les Crostes Rosé, perfect with summer dishes!, We're excited to add the 2011 Grieve Family Sauvignon Blanc to our wine-by-the-glass menu. You've gotta try this stuff!, Nothing says #CabernetDay and #ThrowbackThursday like this 1982 Chateau Mouton Rothschild!, null, Be sure to ask about our specials! Here's our recent swordfish Milanese!, Summer is quickly winding down and so is our wine-cellar clearout sale! You never know what vintage beauties you're going to find for little money!, We're excited to add the fresh 2013 vintage Mount Nelson Sauvignon Blanc to our wine by the glass list!, http://www.nytimes.com/2015/08/19/dining/burgundy-unesco-world-heritage-site-designation.html, Your next round’s on us: Dine with @Reserve through August & enjoy complimentary rosé while supporting @SusanGKomen: blog.reserve.com/rosefordays, Our summer wine cellar clearout sale is in its final weeks. We have all sorts of buried treasure waiting for you to unearth!, It's both #thirstythursday and #ThrowbackThursday and we fondly remember this 1985 Chateau Leoville Barton! Cheers!, It's #NationalOysterDay and we can satisfy all your briny desires! Let's start with some of these Blue Points!, Champagne may not have been invented today, but we see no reason not to celebrate! Cheers!, Our annual wine cellar clear out sale lasts until the end of August. Come and get 'em!, null, null, http://www.fastcompany.com/3049165/fast-feed/google-will-now-tell-you-when-a-restaurant-is-too-busy, Here's our new Strawberry Shortcake with angel food cake, roasted strawberries, vanilla chantilly cream, cucumber, and sweet basil gelato!, You never know what you might find in annual summer wine cellar clear out sale!, We like to switch things up! Here's our new Wild Striped Bass with fregula, summer corn, Manila clams, and Spanish chorizo., One of the things we love during our annual cellar sale is the unassuming bottles. With very little information available online, we priced this 1989 Springbok Shiraz from South Africa at $10. At just 12.5% alcohol, this bottle was the Mayor of Smoke City! Wine bottles are like delicious little time capsules! Just imagine what you could unearth!, Our summer wine cellar clear-out sale continues through the end of August. You might find vintage beauties like this 1966 Guigal Gigondas half bottle for just $20. Try to order that at another wine restaurant!, null, At Parish Cafe, try The Campbell, named for our owner Chris Campbell!, This summer, enjoy our new Caesar Salad Gratinée with marinated white anchovies, crudités, and bagna càuda., Want something fresh, delicious, and a little unusual this summer? Here's the recipe for our Grilled Radicchio Salad: http://www.bostonchefs.com/recipe/grilled-radicchio-salad, Our annual summer wine cellar clear-out sale continues this week. Don't miss out: Once these vintage beauties are gone, they're gone!, Here's a shot of our gorgeous new Peaches and Cream dessert with fromage blanc mousse, butterscotch chiffon, yellow peaches, honey syrup, and brown bread ice cream., Our summer wine cellar clear out sale is in full swing. This 1992 Remoissenet Meursault-Poruzots for $35 may be gone but there's lots more buried treasure just waiting for you!, How about a tuna duo special? This one features avocado on the left and a sashimi preparation on the right!, We're thrilled to once again be included in Wine Enthusiast's America's 100 Best Wine Restaurants list! http://www.winemag.com/100-Best-Wine-Restaurants-2015/Troquet, null, Our annual wine cellar clear out sale runs June 30 through August 29. Every night with dinner we'll have dozens of assorted bottles for blowout prices. Make reservations now because once they're gone, they're gone!, Our New Zealand Langoustines are back as a special appetizer this week! Here's a half portion to whet your appetite!, We're closed for a private event tonight but look forward to seeing you again Tuesday! Have a great weekend!, null, Here's our gorgeous Spring Asparagus Soup with fava pesto, morel mushrooms, and pain perdu. You want this., We’re closed June 13 for a private event. Our web guy Dale is getting married!, null, Look at that gorgeous Rice-Crusted Halibut with glazed pork belly, bok choy, and hon shimeji broth., Here's a peak at our new Whole-Roasted Dover Sole with morel mushroom ravioli, roasted asparagus, and fiddlehead ferns!, null, We’re thrilled to once again update our wines by the glass list with the delicious 2014 Beni di Batasiolo Bosc Dla Rei Moscato d'Asti., Happy Memorial Day. This weekend, remember to raise your glass to those who served. (WBUR photo), It's #tbt #ThrowBackThursday and we remember this 1964 Guigal Cote-Rotie from last year's Wine Cellar Clear Out sale! This bottle might be gone but watch for this year's sale details coming soon!, We’re thrilled to update our wines by the glass list with the 2013 Dr. Loosen Ürziger Würzgarten Riesling Spätlese., Here's a fresh photo of our very own Pastry Chef Jesse Jackson! His bio is up on our website at http://troquetboston.com too! #jacksonization, null, Our new Lemon Rhubarb Crisp with lemon chiffon, blood orange gel, sous vide rhubarb, oatmeal crisp, Greek yogurt ice cream dessert!, We're sharing our Meyer Lemon Caper Butter Sauce recipe!

INGREDIENTS
1 cup dry white wine
1/4 cup champagne vinegar
1 to 2 cups chopped shallots
3 tbs heavy cream
1 lb butter
capers
Meyer lemons
salt & pepper to taste

INSTRUCTIONS: Reduce all above ingredients to about 1/2 cup liquid is remaining. Then slowly over warm heat add 1 lb of room-temperature butter in small pieces. Fold in capers & Meyer lemons & season with salt & fresh-crushed black pepper., null, How about a soft shell crab tempura sushi special?, null, Here's a fresh photo of our very own Chef Scott Hebert!, It’s the weekend and we've got Parmesan-Crusted Asparagus with hen egg ravioli, morel mushrooms, and aged sherry., Our friends at @Reserve have partnered with @Uber and @RadiusBank to create an incredible week-long dining experience for Greater Boston. With special menus, free rides / UberVIP, and charitable donations for every reservation, everyone wins.

We have chosen Greater Boston Food Bank as our charity for Reserve Week. Help us raise money for a good cause while enjoying delicious food and drink from Tuesday, April 28th to Saturday, May 2nd by booking through Reserve. Visit reserveweek.com to download the app and get started! #dineridedogood, null, Our Roasted Suckling Pig with white corn grits, tender baby carrots, and smoked onion sauce., TroquetBoston.com is officially mobile friendly. Thanks, Google! Check it out on your favorite mobile device!, Our Rice-Crusted Halibut with glazed pork belly, bok choy, and hon shimeji broth., null, Vermont Lamb Assiette with couscous, eggplant, and North African spice blend., Who's ready for ramps?, null, Our Painted Hills Beef Duo with potato gorgonzola rosti, glazed baby carrots, and Bordelaise sauce., null, Shaved asparagus salad with morels, roasted asparagus, and egg and spinach raviolo special!, We’re proud to update our Perrusset Mâcon-Villages Chardonnay by the glass to the 2013 vintage., We’re excited to update our by the glass wine list with the 2013 Laroche Mas De La Chevalière Chardonnay., Sometimes it pays to crack open something special like this 2007 Jadot Batard-Montrachet!, Spot prawn with abalone tempura, black garlic ponzu, and Brussels sprouts kimchi special!, null, Our delicious new Troquet Candy Bar features peanut butter semifreddo, coffee caramel, toasted wafer, and peanut dragée!, null, Dr. Loosen makes some of our favorite Rieslings. We’re excited to update to his 2013 vintage Ürziger Würzgarten Kabinett!, More by-the-glass wine updates! This time it’s the new 2013 Domaine Prieur Brunet Bourgogne Chardonnay vintage!, We’re excited to update our by the glass wine list with the 2013  Laroche Petit Chablis! White fruit, fresh minerals!, New to our by the glass wine menu is the 2011 Mas La Chevalière Sauvignon Blanc that’s all minerally elderflower!, Rice-Crusted Halibut with glazed pork belly, bok choy, hon shimeji broth., null, We’re excited to update our Schramsberg Blanc de Blancs to the 2011 vintage. Think green apple, pear, and grapefruit!, null, null, In Spring our thoughts turn to Duck Confit Salad with smoked bacon and a poached egg., null, Silky smooth 1988 Remoissenet Rejane white Burgundy still showing beautifully., Henri Bonneau only made this very special Châteauneuf du Pape Cuvée Spéciale in great vintages like 1990 and 1998., Thanks to Sasha Huang for this mouthwatering photo of our Roasted Suckling Pig!, This last bottle of 1985 Chateau Leoville Barton was enjoyed by someone born the same year. If you've had a birth year wine, what was it?, This 2009 Domaine des Comtes Lafon Meursault Clos de la Barre is drinking beautifully!, We're honored to be a James Beard Award Foundation Outstanding Wine Service semi-finalist for the fourth year in a row., Tired of shoveling snow? So are we! Come on inside for some hand rolled Ricotta Cavatelli with wild mushrooms, parmesan, and black truffle., null, Happy Valentine's Day!, For Valentine's Day we're featuring your choice of 8-9 appetizers and 8 entrees as well as your choice of dessert for just $75., The good folks at https://www.facebook.com/BeautifulCuisine took this great photo of our Rice-Crusted Halibut with glazed pork belly, bok choy, and matsutake broth. We Like them and hope you do too!, The good folks at https://www.facebook.com/BeautifulCuisine took this great photo of our Shima Aji Sushi special. We Like them and hope you do too!, null, We’re back open tonight and look forward to seeing you!, We're closed tonight due to the weather but look forward to seeing you again soon., Happy birthday to our Chef Scott Hebert!, It's #tbt #ThrowbackThursday Who remembers this veal duo with asparagus?, What’s your earliest wine memory? Who, if anyone, did you share it with?, null, Who's ready for oysters?, It's Throwback Thursday and we fondly remember this refreshing lemon dessert favorite., We're closed tomorrow but look forward to seeing you Wednesday. Stay warm, safe, and well fed, Boston friends., http://www.nytimes.com/2015/01/28/dining/the-romance-of-wine.html, http://www.nytimes.com/2015/01/20/upshot/how-forbidding-foie-gras-increased-the-appetite-for-it.html, It's #tbt #ThrowbackThursday and we fondly remember this New Zealand Langoustine menu favorite of old!, Caramel Cheesecake with madeline sponge, milk confit, passion fruit ginger sorbet., null, We agree with Mark Bittman. Let Them Eat Foie Gras: http://www.nytimes.com/2015/01/14/opinion/let-them-eat-foie-gras.html, Our new Jamón Ibérico de Bellota with Turkish fig, goat cheese crostini., null, We're thrilled to once again be included in Eater's 38 Essential Boston Restaurants list: http://boston.eater.com/maps/boston-best-restaurants-alden-harlow-giulia-cafe-sushi, A perfectly poached egg nestled atop our Duck Confit Salad ready for you: http://instagram.com/p/xfdtfQCTqj/, We're thrilled to be on Instagram at http://instagram.com/troquetboston Please join us there. In the meantime, cheers to you with this 1996 Salon Champagne! http://instagram.com/p/xcC7JUCTg3/, Our new Spiced Cauliflower Soup with spiced carrots, gulf shrimp, and Vadouvan curry., Your New Year's Eve plans are set. The only thing left to do is make reservations for tonight: http://www.opentable.com/troquet, null, There are a few seats left for our New Year's Eve special prix fixe menu: $75 for an app, an entree, a dessert. Reserve seats now - this will sell out soon! http://www.opentable.com/troquet, New Year's Eve special prix fixe menu: $75 for an app, an entree, a dessert. Reserve seats now - this will sell out! http://www.opentable.com/troquet, We're with Eric Asimov at: http://www.nytimes.com/2014/12/17/dining/wine-review-white-bordeaux.html We love White Bordeaux & serve '13 Dourthe La Grande Cuvée by the glass, null, null, #BlackFriday #SmallBusinessSaturday #CyberMonday #GivingTuesday Wow, we’re ready for #WineWednesday ! Who’s with us?, Black Friday have you seeing red? We’ve got your cure: http://www.opentable.com/troquet, The best/worst restaurant review you'll read all day: http://www.theguardian.com/lifeandstyle/2014/oct/19/beast-restaurant-review-jay-rayner, Today we are thankful for our tireless staff and most importantly, you. Happy Thanksgiving. Enjoy this day and all others. See you tomorrow., You know what you're eating tomorrow. Here's the answer to what you're eating tonight: http://troquetboston.com/, What do you buy that person who has everything? How about a gift certificate? https://gifts.opentable.com/buy/Troquet?ref=1, If a restaurant doesn’t temperature control their wine, how do you trust they’re temperature controlling their food? It’s about details., Dinner gift certificates make great presents! https://gifts.opentable.com/buy/Troquet?ref=1, Want to book a private holiday party? Give us a call at 617-695-9463 and we’ll help make all the arrangements!, It's #TempranilloDay and we proudly serve 2010 Bodegas Volver La Mancha Single Vineyard Tempranillo by the glass!, Most restaurants pair wine with food. We pair food with wine., null, Please join us in thanking all our veterans today and every day for their service., Please help us welcome our new pastry chef Jesse Jackson III and his signature #jacksonization approach to unusual flavors and textures, like this new chocolate Brittany shortbread, green tea ganache and caramelized puffed rice post-dessert mignardises., null, Braised veal cheeks special with mushrooms, gnocchi, and lots of truffles!, It's #WineWednesday and this 2005 Domaine Robert Chevillon Nuits Saint Georges Les Perrieres is the mayor of Plum City!, Duck Confit Salad with frisée, smoked bacon, beautifully poached soft duck egg, and truffle vinaigrette., For #throwbackthursday #tbt this dark ruby 1993 @DOMAINEGUIGAL Cote Rotie featured integrated tannin and blackberries., Rest in peace, Mayor Menino., Many consider Krug Grand Cuvée the finest Champagne on earth. Who are we to argue? We proudly serve it by the glass!, null, Friends, this is Dale, Troquet’s web guy. Chris and Scott are far too modest to ask, but if you enjoy what they do, would you consider nominating Troquet in the upcoming James Beard Awards at http://jamesbeard.starchefs.com/awards/vote/index_2.php? We don’t have a high-powered marketing machine. Instead, we rely on you to help tell our story. Thank you for all your support in the past, now, and in the future., null, It's #throwbackthursday #tbt and this 1996 Guigal Hermitage was still drinking beautifully! Plum, garrigue, coffee, and more!, Would you like your very own white truffle?, Tonight's special: Braised veal cheek lasagne, chanterelle mushrooms, shaved white truffles, and fonduta., null, Have a special request? Allergies? Vegetarian? Gluten free? We can help. Here's a recent miso soup with white truffle and poached egg., Perfect for fall: Roast quail with chestnut risotto, mushrooms, carrots, and white truffle. Who's hungry?, It's #throwbackthursday #tbt and this 1997 Domaine Leroy Romanée St.-Vivant featured beautiful minerals and strawberries., null, "If your Burgundy doesn't go with your food, throw out the food." - Peter Wasserman, "Cheese: Milk’s leap toward immortality." - Clifton Fadiman, Had a long day? Ready for a glass of Veuve Clicquot Champagne?, null, null, Our new Marcona Almond and Apple Tart with cider pomegranate caramel features Poire William pear eau de vie sorbet., Hungry? Our Seared Sea Scallops with Gulf shrimp succotash, hoe cakes, and roasted shishito peppers hits the spot., null, It's #throwbackthursday #tbt and this 2002 Latour Corton-Charlemagne was all tropical pineapples with racy acidity., We're proud to add the 2013 Château de Saint Cosme Côtes du Rhône Rouge to our award-winning wine by-the-glass menu!, It's #throwbackthursday #tbt and this 2004 Perrier-Jouet Belle Epoque is as beautiful to drink as it is to look at!, null, We're proud to add the golden, rich 2004 Château Rieussec Sauternes to our award-winning wine by-the-glass menu!, Sushi specials are such a fun and colorful way to showcase the freshest fish. What's your favorite?, It's #throwbackthursday #tbt and this 2002 Dauvissat Chablis Grand Cru "Les Preuses" featured flowers and minerals!, We're proud to add Dourthe La Grande Cuvee Bordeaux Sauvignon Blanc to our award-winning wine by-the-glass menu!, null, It's back! Our ever-popular Sticky Toffee Pudding paired with '27 Alvear Pedro Ximénez is perfect for cooler weather!, Tired of tomatoes that taste like nothing? So are we! These heirloom tomatoes are as flavorful as they are beautiful!, null, Our Ricotta Cavatelli with wild mushrooms has always been one of our most popular dishes and we'd love you to try it!, It's #throwbackthursday #tbt and this biodynamically farmed 2003 Héritiers du Comte Lafon Macon-Uchizy was vibrant!, Our wines by the glass help you drink like a pro. Schramsberg Blanc de Blancs makes the perfect pairing with briny local oysters!, Our annual wine cellar clearout sale is over, but our Pastel de Tres Leches with summer berries are still in season!, "Wine is all about the story: Where it comes from and who made it, what makes it different from other wines, why it tastes the way it does, and, most important, why it is the right wine at that time.", We hope all our Napa, California, wine friends are safe, happy, and back to bottling great juice ASAP. We’re thinking of you from Boston!, Want to avoid the Dine Out Boston crowds? We understand and look forward to seeing you. http://www.opentable.com/troquet, Piquillo peppers make a sweet, spicy, and smoky sauce for our Braised Spanish Octopus with fork-crushed potatoes, and chorizo., Could Bordeaux use a little more fun? The New York Times’ Eric Asimov thinks so and we agree: http://www.nytimes.com/2014/08/27/dining/in-bordeaux-chateau-palmer-dares-to-experiment.html, Here's a real beauty for Throwback Thursday: This intense but silky smooth 1999 Domaine Dujac Clos de la Roche!, It's the final two weeks of our annual summer wine cellar clearout sale. This is your last chance to score vintage beauties like this 1990 Chateau Cos Labory Bordeaux!, null, null, Ready to taste what Huffington Post calls "the best part of the fish"? Try our Yellowtail Hamachi Kama with ginger, soy, black garlic, roasted shishito peppers., How about a cocktail? This Citron Vert 75 Martini includes Bombay gin, St. Germain, fresh lime juice, simple syrup, and Veuve Clicquot., Our annual wine cellar summer sale is entering its final weeks. Reserve your seats at http://troquetboston.com/ for these great vintage wines!, Beat the heat with our new Lemon Verbena-Buttermilk Panna Cotta with blueberries, lemon sorbet, cinnamon streusel, blackberry film, and lemon gel., null, Tonight, treat yourself to Roasted Suckling Pig with white corn grits, baby carrots, and smoked onion sauce., Throwback Thursday from our annual summer wine clear-out sale: 1964 Guigal Cote-Rotie for $55. #tbt #wine, “Champagne! In victory one deserves it, in defeat one needs it.” - Napoleon Bonaparte, Treat yourself to our new Vanilla Bean Flan with peaches, raspberry sphere, candied violets, shortbread, and raspberry-lemon sorbet., Throwback Thursday: 2000 Vintage Domaine de la Romanée-Conti Richebourg Burgundy. #tbt #wine, The perfect summer dessert? Our new Pastel de Tres Leches with summer berries, blackberry cream, framboise coulis, lime curd, and blackberry sorbet., null, That moment when you're about to cut into that luscious soft duck egg on our Duck Confit Salad with frisée, smoked bacon, and truffle vinaigrette., Hot? Cool down with our vivid Heirloom Tomato Gazpacho with pickled wild strawberries, & soft Italian burrata cheese., null, Our artisanal cheese selection with traditional accompaniments is a decadent way to end any meal., null, null, Our annual wine cellar clear out sale continues this week. Pair dinner with incredible vintages at prices you'll never see again. Once these are gone, they're gone!, Thanks to friend and loyal patron Rob Ciampa for this lovely and insightful TripAdvisor review: http://www.tripadvisor.com/ShowUserReviews-g60745-d321918-r214641329-Troquet-Boston_Massachusetts.html, null, To celebrate Eater Boston's "Foie Gras Frenzy" list, here's our foie gras appetizer., null, We love great food photography, don't you? http://www.nytimes.com/2014/07/09/dining/dishes-worthy-of-instagram-but-not-your-appetite.html, We're open tonight and look forward to seeing you!, Our annual wine cellar clear out sale has begun! Each night we have great prices on vintage wines to be consumed on premises with dinner!, We're thrilled to once again be part of this great list!, null, null, Here's our Meyer lemon caper butter sauce recipe. Try it over your favorite fish.

INGREDIENTS
1 cup dry white wine
1/4 cup champagne vinegar
1 to 2 cups chopped shallots
3 tbs heavy cream
1 lb butter
capers
Meyer lemons
salt & pepper to taste

INSTRUCTIONS
Reduce all above ingredients to about 1/2 cup liquid is remaining. Then slowly over warm heat add 1 lb of room-temperature butter in small pieces. Fold in capers & Meyer lemons & season with salt & fresh-crushed black pepper., null, Like us? Let us know! How about a review?, null, Our annual wine-cellar clearout sale begins July 1! Get these serious values while they last!, null, Who's ready for cheese?, null, Here's our gorgeous Chilled Maine Lobster Crêpe with winter citrus, coriander, and avocado., Celebrate the season with our new Strawberry Shortcake with strawberry mousse, mini shortcakes, lemon verbena cream, basil, rose meringue, strawberry lemon sorbet., null, Our new Spring Pea Velouté with speck ham, asparagus, and morels is as beautiful to look at as it is to eat!, null, null, We’ve been serving this golden brown artisan bread with our cheese course since before hipster toast was cool., Our Roasted Peking Duck now features French puy lentils, rainbow Swiss chard, and rhubarb aigre-doux. Pair with Burgundy and treat yourself!, null, We treat these Berkshire suckling pigs destined for a rich cassoulet with the utmost care and respect., Do you know how many grape varieties the Châteauneuf-du-Pape region allows in its blends? Can you guess?, Our new Berkshire Pork Cassoulet with white beans, smoked bacon, and boudin blanc is like a hug from the inside., null, We proudly feature wines for every budget, from glasses as low as $3.75 to bottles to fulfill your every wine fantasy., We have ramps!, null, Today's the last day of Dine Out Boston. We offer delicious food and wine pairings at a fair price every day. We look forward to seeing you. Cheers!, Looking to host a summer wedding? We offer multiple packages at a great price. Gorgeous view, too!, Middle Eastern flavors often pair well with wine, like our updated Assiette of Vermont lamb with Lebanese yogurt, chickpeas, fava bean panisse paired with a rich, hearty red., You could cook dinner tonight, or you could enjoy our updated Roasted Giannone Chicken with macaroni gratin, sunchokes, and trumpet mushroom Madiera jus., On a cold night, warm up with our new chickpea video  soup with chorizo, Wellfleet clams, and pimenton de la Vera., Eater loved our Brown Sugar Cheesecake and we hope you will too! http://boston.eater.com/archives/2014/03/03/8-notsoclassic-cheesecakes-to-try-now.php, Ready for a taste of warmer temperatures? Get ready with our Pineapple-Mango Vacherin with lime meringue sticks, macadamia nut crumble, mango sorbet, coconut cream, rum sabayon!, We're thrilled to once again be a semifinalist for the James Beard Foundation Outstanding Wine Program award! http://www.jamesbeard.org/blog/2014-restaurant-and-chef-award-semifinalists, What do we have in common with every President since Nixon? We celebrate with Schramsberg! Cheers! http://troquetboston.com/, null, null, Cold and snowing outside? How about some warm raisin toast on the inside? Thanks for the mouth-watering photo, George Pennington!, Spring is only a few weeks away, but you can enjoy our new Chilled Maine Lobster Crêpe with winter citrus, coriander, and avocado right now! http://troquetboston.com, null, We'll understand if you want to eat dessert first. http://www.opentable.com/troquet, What would you pair with Assiette of Vermont Lamb with faro risotto, pancetta, root vegetable mostarda: Zinfandel, Shiraz, Tempranillo, or Grenache?, Here's our Duo of Painted Hills Beef with Aligote potatoes, glazed baby carrots, and Bordelaise sauce. Just what you need on a cold winter night., null, We've paired our Roasted Giannone Chicken with sunchoke gratin, Brussels sprouts, and wild mushroom Madiera jus!, Here's our stunning new Chocolate Mocha Roulade with coffee ice cream, white chocolate mousse, hazelnut, espresso chocolate sauce!, null, Don't know what to do for Valentine's Day? A gift certificate from http://troquetboston.com goes great with flowers!, We like pairing our Rice-Crusted Halibut with couscous, heirloom carrots, & Moroccan spices with a bracing French Chablis!, We've updated our Seared Maine Diver Scallops to include squid ink chitarra pasta, Florida shrimp, & fava bean pesto!, Our new Three Onion Soup features gruyere ravioli, & braised oxtail. So satisfying!, They're back! New Zealand Langoustines, one of our most popular appetizers, are back on the menu! Pair them with a Dr. Loosen Riesling for a reminder of warmer temperatures to come!, Let's switch it up a bit. Our new Spiced Roasted Carrot Salad with dukkah, lime, & fire-roasted harissa vinaigrette is a delicate mix of comforting yet refreshing flavors., Here's our new Meringue Glacé dessert with blood orange sorbet, meringue, lemon chiffon, honey syrup, & citrus. As fun to eat as it is to look at!, null, We've added the 2010 Wallace Creek Vineyards Syrah to our already award-winning wine-by-the-glass menu. We'd love to know what you think of it!, Make your reservations now because Valentine's Day at Troquet will be extra special! We're featuring three different prix fixe tasting menu options that night:

 - Our three-course your choice tasting menu for $75
 - Our five-course chef's choice tasting menu for $105
 - Our seven-course chef's choice tasting menu for $130, Eater has once again named us to their list of The 38 Essential Boston Restaurants and we couldn't be more thrilled: http://boston.eater.com/archives/2014/01/07/the-38-essential-boston-restaurants-january-2014.php, Despite the weather, we plan to be open tonight. Stay warm, dry, and well fed!, Happy new year!, We are getting ready to pop SO many corks! Happy new year to all!, Roasted Giannone Chicken might be the most underrated item on our menu. We've updated the preparation with potato gnocchi, Jerusalem artichokes, wild mushrooms, & Madiera jus., Julia Child said when she first tried oysters and sole meunière it was a culinary revelation. We hope you like our new Dover Sole Meunière just as much!, null, Here's our beautiful new Apple Tarte Tatin with cranberry purée, sour cream ice cream, maple cheddar tuile, & green apple sorbet., Our new Maine Diver Scallops with couscous, heirloom carrots, & Moroccan spices is a fabulous pair with rich, racy Chablis!, Happy birthday to our own Chris Campbell!, Our very own Pastry Chef Sue Drabkin was featured in yesterday's Boston Globe: http://www.bostonglobe.com/lifestyle/food-dining/2013/12/10/the-french-custard-cremeux-will-satisfy-chocolate-urge/PJreOW5lAsp0a747l1njCI/story.html, Do you prefer our White Corn Polenta Agnolotti with braised short ribs, fava beans, & parmesan broth with Zinfandel, Shiraz, Tempranillo, Grenache, or Cotes du Rhone?, Our new Roasted Peking Duck featuring honey-poached cranberries, puy lentils, & Honeycrisp apple confit is a gorgeous pairing with Pinot Noir!, Ready for something hearty and satisfying? How about our Roasted Vermont Suckling Pig with white corn grits, smoked ham hock sauce, & glazed baby carrots., null, This shopping season, treat yourself or your loved ones to a gift certificate! https://gifts.opentable.com/buy/Troquet?ref=1, We have gift certificates! From $25 to $250, we've got you covered! https://gifts.opentable.com/buy/Troquet?ref=1, Would you trust a restaurant who accepted BitCoin as a form of payment?, Our new Yellowtail Hamachi Kama appetizer is served with ginger, dashi, and sweet soy and is a terrific pairing with any - or all - of our Dr. Loosen Ürziger Würzgarten Rieslings!, null, Here’s our diver sea scallop, unagi, and foie gras drizzled with kabayaki sauce special. Happy holidays., Make your reservations now because New Year's Eve at Troquet will be extra special! We have a terrific view of some of the annual First Night festivities and you know the Champagne will be flowing! We're featuring three different prix fixe tasting menu options that night:

Our three-course your choice tasting menu for $75
Our five-course chef's choice tasting menu for $105
Our seven-course chef's choice tasting menu for $130

Call 617-695-9463 or use OpenTable to reserve your seats now!, Eater featured us in their list of 10 Cheese Plates to Try in Boston and we couldn’t be prouder: http://boston.eater.com/archives/2013/11/18/bring-in-the-funk-say-cheese-10-cheese-plates-to-try.php, null, This week's appetizer special is Fruit de Mer with Maine crab, octopus, Nantucket Bay scallops, and sea urchin!, What's better than our Ricotta Cavatelli? How about Ricotta Cavatelli with fresh shaved white truffles! Come and get them!, We’re thrilled that Kerrie of @itakepicsoffood enjoyed our tasting menu. Here are her mouthwatering photos: http://itakepicturesofmyfood.blogspot.com/2013/11/the-tasting-menu-at-troquet.html, We’re excited to add Australia’s Astrolabe Pinot Gris to our award-winning by-the-glass wine list., It's white truffle season! Celebrate with our new appetizer special: Chittara pasta with bay scallops, chanterelles, creme fraiche, and optional white truffles!, We're closed for a private party tonight but look forward to seeing you again tomorrow!, null, null, Our terrific pastry chef Sue just keeps creating hit after hit. Here's her latest, a Brown Sugar Cheesecake with roasted pears, graham cracker crust, vanilla syrup, macerated sour cherries, cocoa nibs, and pear sorbet., We're known for our vast wine selection and we're proud to say we have something delicious at every price point - as low as $3.75 a glass!, null, As the temperatures drop, our new Striped Bass with Wellfleet clams, chorizo, shrimp, and salt cod brandade really satisfies., We're excited and proud that Eater Boston has once again named us to their list of 38 Essential Boston Restaurants: http://boston.eater.com/archives/2013/10/08/the-38-essential-boston-restaurants-october-2013.php, null, Early autumn calls for a fresh Duo of Hudson Valley Foie Gras with Asian pear, persimmon, and black pepper caramel., null, Here's our new Jerusalem Artichoke Soup with espillette pepper, shrimp, and Iberian ham crostini!, null, Our terrific pastry chef Sue has a dessert special through the end of September: A plum soufflé with orange ice cream and creme anglaise. Stop by soon before they're all gone!, Let's start the week off right with a new dessert: Raspberry White Chocolate Cream Tart with toasted hazelnuts, lemon streusel, and blackberry sorbet., This appetizer special has proven so popular, we've added it to our menu. Smoked Eel Nigiri with seared foie gras, toasted sesame, and kabayake glaze., Our new Crème Fraîche Panna Cotta with red and green grapes, brown sugar crumble, lemon curd, and Concord grape sorbet is delicious and refreshing., null, Our roasted Vermont suckling pig is ready for early autumn with white corn grits, smoked ham hock sauce, and glazed baby carrots., Come say hi to our new bartender Morgan! She started recently & previously worked at The Beehive. She also does some work for Dirty Water TV. Please feel free to stop by for a drink or dinner., null, Our new Fermín Jamón Ibérico with pickled chantrelles & heirloom tomato crostini appetizer has all the early autumn colors., It's the final week of our annual wine cellar clear out sale. It's your last chance to score terrific vintages at unheard of prices., Are we the most underrated restaurant in Boston? If you agree, make your voice heard & comment at Eater: http://boston.eater.com/archives/2013/08/20/what-is-the-most-underrated-restaurant-in-boston.php, Summer is winding down & so is our annual wine cellar clear out sale, going on through the end of this month., You can't go wrong with '82 Bordeaux & you can't go wrong with our annual wine cellar clear out sale going on through the end of this month., Our caramel coulant is like a molten chocolate cake, but with ooey gooey caramel., null, It's one of our signature dishes: Roasted Vermont Suckling Pig with white corn grits, smoked ham hock sauce, and corn succotash., We've been on a vintage Chenin Blanc kick this summer. This 1996 Clos du Papillon was still hanging in there., Don't let the faded label fool you: This 1996 Domaine Trevallon was a little faded but still redolent of figs & tobacco. What treasure will you find during our annual wine cellar clear out sale? Make a reservation & find out!, There's a delicious Lemon Semifreddo with vanilla poppyseed shortbread, apricot purée, basil meringue, and cherries., Who says white wine doesn't age well? This 17 year old French Sauvignon Blanc was lovely. There are always more vintage beauties in our annual wine cellar clear out sale., This 1988 Guigal Gigondas may have lost much of its label, but none of its deliciousness. What treasures will you discover at our annual wine cellar clear out sale?, null, Isn't that handsome crew?, null, New to our menu is this beautiful Pan-Roasted Buffalo Ribeye with cipollini onions, pastrami hash, and roasted bone marrow., On Chowhound, csammy said, "When I look around the dinning room at Troquet it never ceases to amaze me the amount of great wine I see on every table. A true indication that they are in a class of their own in Boston." Read the full review of our annual wine cellar clear out sale: http://chowhound.chow.com/topics/907279#8203681, null, One dish we wouldn't dare take off our menu: Roasted Suckling Pig with white corn grits, smoked ham hock sauce, and corn succotash., Our summer wine cellar clear out sale continues. This 1983 Rioja is long gone, but we promise there are lots more treasures to be found!, null, Here's another view of that foie gras-topped unagi nigiri special., Is unagi nigiri topped with foie gras too over the top?, Our longtime friend Adam Japko gets nostalgic when drinking vintage wine, especially during our summer cellar clear out sale: http://wine-zag.com/2013/07/11/permission-to-drink-beautiful-aged-wines/, null, It might be the most underrated dish on our menu: Roasted Giannone Chicken with hominy, corn, and chantrelle mushrooms., We're thrilled that Eater named us one of The 38 Essential Boston Restaurants, July 2013: http://boston.eater.com/archives/2013/07/09/the-38-essential-boston-restaurants-june-2013.php, This 1995 Remoissenet Beaune-Marconnets might be empty now, but we still have plenty of full vintage treasures just waiting for you during our summer wine cellar clear out sale., This 2001 De L'arlot Nuits Saint Georges Blanc for $20 is gone now, but we still have lots of tasty choices left in our annual wine cellar clear out. What treasure will you find?, We're thrilled that Wine Enthusiast Magazine once again named us one of America’s 100 Best Wine Restaurants., Happy 4th of July! We're closed today to celebrate but look forward to reopening tomorrow., null, Need something sweet to cool off with? How about our Caramel Coulant with bittersweet chocolate sauce, salted caramel ice cream and Fleur de Sel., Our wine cellar clear out sale is in full swing! A group recently found a buried treasure in this 1995 Domaine Chandon Pinot Meunier. It's gone now but we can't wait to see what you discover!, Our annual wine cellar clear out sale starts June 25. Each night though Labor Day we'll have dozens of vintage wine bottles available at last-chance prices. But reserve your seat soon!, Friends, we'd like to ask you a favor: If you agree we have the best wine list in Boston, make your vote count at http://boston.cityvoter.com/troquet/biz/15940 Thank you so much. We appreciate it!, null, This week's stunning special: Seared tuna with corn, favas, crispy potatoes, Johnnycake, & a stuffed pepper!, Our annual wine cellar clear out sale starts June 25. Each night though Labor Day we'll have dozens of vintage wine bottles available at last-chance prices. But reserve your seat soon: When these wines are gone, they're gone!, We think our roasted Giannone chicken might be the unsung hero of our menu. This week we gave it an update with hominy, corn, & morel mushrooms., null, We love the colors in this photo of our Roasted Jurgielewicz Duck with puy lentils, bok choy, & red velvet apricot glaze., We have air conditioning. And wine. Lots of wine. Who wants to join us?, null, We're seriously in love with this photo of our seared day boat scallops with saffron gnocchi, poached lobster, & early Spring vegetables., Thank you for this lovely Platinum Plate review, TV Diner! http://www.necn.com/05/25/13/Anonymous-Review-Troquet-/landing_tvd_anonreviews.html, null, Here's a lovely photo of our whole-roasted Dover sole with English pea risotto, roasted asparagus, & Meyer lemon caper butter., null, Here's our assiette of Vermont lamb with fresh chickpeas, smoked yogurt, eggplant, pickled peppers, & harissa., We're really excited to start our annual wine cellar clear out sale June 25! We'll have hundreds of vintage bottles at incredibly low prices every night. But reserve quickly: Once they're gone, they're gone!, We're looking forward to hosting summer weekend weddings starting in June. Details here: http://troquetboston.com/#private, New to our menu is a Porcini-Crusted Veal Sirloin - braised veal cheeks with asparagus, sweetbreads, & a porcini mushroom farrotto., Ready for Summer? Here's a quick snapshot of our new Mascarpone Cream Cannoli with tarragon strawberries, lemon streusel, & wild strawberry sorbet., On Twitter, @hiddenboston asked, "If you won Powerball, which restaurant would you go to to celebrate?" & @dcwalker26 replied, "@TroquetBos Not even a question." Thanks, David Walker! We're pulling for you!, null, Ramps are in season & we're now featuring them with our signature Roasted Suckling Pig with Anson Mills grits & smoked ham hock sauce. (Photo by Flickr user dano272.), This week we've got not one, but two new desserts! First is  a Gâteau Basque with rhubarb compote, crème fraîche ice cream, lemon sable crumble, & rhubarb syrup. Second is a Mascarpone Cream Cannoli with tarragon strawberries, lemon streusel, & wild strawberry sorbet., null, null, Have the Wedding Reception of Your Dreams at Troquet

Boston, MA (May 6, 2013)—Proprietor/General Manager Chris Campbell & Executive Chef/Partner Scott Hebert announce that during the months of June, July, & August, their award-winning restaurant will be available for weekend wedding receptions. 

Campbell said, "This is a natural next step for us. In the summer, we look forward to sharing our gorgeous view of the Boston Common as well as our bountiful wine & food programs with a few exclusive couples looking fo make their wedding reception dreams come true."

"For just $8,000," he continued, "we include all the following for up to 50 people."

Cocktail Reception with passed hors d’oeuvres
Five different selections of hors d’oeuvres

Sit-Down Dinner
Choice of appetizers
Choice of entrées
Dessert
Petit fours with coffee & tea service

Wine & Cocktails
Hand-selected wine, spirits, & beer
Signature cocktails

Table Settings
China
Stemware
Flatware
Linens
Votive candles
Personalized menus
Place cards
Two floral arrangements
All consultations
Setup & breakdown
Coat check
Staffing

Campbell said they are able to accommodate dietary restrictions including vegetarians & allergies. All food, beverages, tax & gratuities are included in the price.

Troquet, located in Boston’s Theatre District, is open for dinner Tuesday through Saturday from 5-10:30p.m. For more information, visit www.troquetboston.com or call 617-695-9463 for reservations., null, null, We are honored that The Voice of Downtown Boston has named us one of three amazing tasting menus. http://www.thevoiceofdowntownboston.com/enjoy-private-dining-in-boston-with-3-amazing-tasting-menus/, Our spicy cauliflower soup with lobster & Vadouvan curry spice is like a hug on the inside., Happy to report everyone in the Troquet team is safe & sound. We'll be open tonight to serve you. Thank you Boston. Take care of each other., null, New to our menu this week: Seared Dayboat Sea Scallops  with saffron gnocchi, poached lobster, & early Spring vegetables., null, New to our menu this week: Cassoulet of Vermont Lamb with white beans, lamb bacon, & boudin blanc., null, This week, Chef Scott Hebert & his team are featuring a new appetizer & three new entrées, including:

 - Parmesan-Crusted Asparagus with morel mushroom pain perdu, & Villa Mondori balsamic vinegar

 - Whole Roasted Dover Sole with English pea risotto, roasted asparagus, & Meyer lemon caper butter

 - Pan-Roasted Branzino with salt cod, romesco broth, & pimientos de Padrón

 - Slow-Roasted Wild Boar with porcini farrotto, asparagus, & violet artichoke barigoule, null, This early spring, Executive Chef/Partner Scott Hebert & his team are busy offering four new dishes, including:

 - Maine Crab & Sea Urchin Fondue with tomato pain perdu, violet artichokes, & pistou broth

 - Spicy Cauliflower Soup with dayboat scallop, couscous, & Vadouvan curry

 - Crispy Black Sea Bass with salt cod brandade, romesco sauce, & pimiento de Padrón

 - Pan-Roasted Branzino with saffron gnocchi, Wellfleet clams, mussels, & piquillo pepper rouille, Save room for dessert, as our new Pastry Chef Sue Drabkin is now featuring a delicious Crème Brûlée Gâteau with orange chiffon, feuille de brick, brown sugar ice cream, blood orange sauce, & pomegranate., null, 1969 Domaine de la Romanee-Conti La Tache, This late winter, Executive Chef/Partner Scott Hebert & his team offer a new Pan-Roasted Dover Sole with faro risotto with English peas, pancetta, & asparagus grenobloise entree., Save room for dessert, as we are now featuring a delicious Crème Brûlée Gâteau with orange chiffon, fuille de brick, brown sugar ice cream, blood orange sauce, & pomegranate., Proprietor/General Manager Chris Campbell continues to diversify his already award-winning wine by-the-glass list with 2011 Sparr One Muscat Riesling Pinot Gris & new vintages of Oyster Bay Sauvignon Blanc & Château Bel-Air Sauternes., This late winter, Executive Chef/Partner Scott Hebert & his team offer a new Nantucket Bay Scallops with coral chitarra, sea urchin, & pistou broth appetizer as well as a new Roasted Cervena Venison with braised red cabbage, parsnips, & green pepper-Armagnac jus entree., We are very proud to announce we have been chosen as a James Beard Award Semifinalist for Outstanding Wine Program: http://www.jamesbeard.org/sites/default/files/static/additional/2013-jbf-semifinalists.pdf, If you'd consider voting for us for Best French Restaurant in Boston in The Phoenix's Best Of 2013, we'd appreciate it: http://contests.thephoenix.com/thebest/boston/2013/votes#Food, null, We will be open tonight, Saturday! If you can make it safely, we would love to see you. Unfortunately we will not have valet service. Thanks! - Chris, We are excited & proud to announce the relaunch of our website at troquetboston.com - Single page, mobile friendly, gorgeous photos. Hope you like it!, It might be freezing outside, but Chef/Partner Scott Hebert & his team know how to keep you warm with a Marcho Farms Veal Tasting with parsnip puree, & winter vegetables a la grecque., null, One of our patrons enjoyed our Butternut Squash soup so much, she asked for the recipe. We thought we'd share it with each of you as well!

Butternut Squash Soup
1 cup onion diced
1 clove garlic
2 cups butternut squash diced
1 cup carrot
1 tbs ginger
1/4 cup brown sugar
1/4 tsp cayenne pepper
1. 5 quarts low sodium chicken broth
Salt & black pepper to taste
1/4 pound unsalted butter

Apple confit
6 Granny Smith apples thinly sliced
1/2 cup clarified butter
1/2 cup sugar
1 tbs five spice powder or Apollonian spice

Quince gel
1 cup quince purée
1 tbs agar agar gelatin
1 tbs honey
1 tsp Apollonian spice

Spiced Pepitas
Raw Pepitas
1/4 cup sugar
1/8 tsp cayenne pepper

For the butternut soup base
1) Sautee all the vegetables over low heat in the butter until the butter is golden brown
2) Add the remaining ingredients & simmer for 1 hour
3) Purée soup in a high speed blender & pass thru a fine sieve

For the apple confit
1) Slice apples very thin with a mandolin
2) Layer the apples in a terrine, brushing each layer with sugar-spice mix & clarified butter
3) Bake at 350 degrees for 40 minutes covered
4 ) Serve in the center of each soup bowl

For the warm quince gelee
1) Combine all the ingredients & boil for 2 minutes
2) Place in a pastry bag until ready to serve, The temperatures might be dropping, but the Troquet kitchen is heating up with a new entree. This new year, Executive Chef/Partner Scott Hebert & his team offer Wild Striped Bass with shellfish bouillabaisse & piquillo pepper rouille., We are seeking a fine dining line cook. Feel free to forward an up to date resume or call 617 695 9463., We continue to diversify our already award-winning by-the-glass wine list with the addition of: 2009 Route Stock Cabernet Sauvignon (California) & 2010 Kermit Lynch Cotes du Rhone (France)., 1996 Ducru Beaucaillou by Jeremiah Pasqus., The temperatures might be dropping, but the Troquet kitchen is heating up with a new appetizer & two new entrees. This week, Executive Chef/Partner Scott Hebert & his team offer:

 - Nantucket Bay Scallops with chitarra pasta with lobster coral, pistou, & sea urchin

 - Roasted Branzino with piquillo pepper brandade, squid ink, green olive, & romesco sauce

 - Roasted Vermont Quail with Swiss chard gratin, wild mushroom farotto, & winter root vegetables, An OpenTable VIP diner since 2005 said, "If you're a fan of good bread & butter, there's no better place in Boston." - Thank you! We've become known for our butter from Normandy & we hope you enjoy it too!, In her Yelp review, Katherine W. said, "our server, alex, was magnificent. he was warm and perfectly correct with us, didn't make us feel weird, and was NICE to his coworkers, too. what a champ!"

Katherine, we agree! Alex is one of our best! Friends, we'd love to read your best Alex stories. Please leave a comment below., We love to see what you enjoyed!, We love to see what you enjoyed!, This week, our cocktail program gets a makeover with these new tempting tastes:

 - Green Martini with Chartreuse, gin, & lime juice

 - Fall-tini with vodka, gin, & apple cider

 - Cranberry Punch with vodka, cranberry juice, lime juice, & ginger beer, We love to see what you enjoyed!, Do you have a lovely photo of something you ate or drank at Troquet? We'd love to see them! Please do post them here or email them to dale.cruse@gmail.com. Thanks!, An OpenTable diner since 2011 said, "Went for an anniversary dinner. Waiter was wicked friendly & helpful. Food was excellent. Great place for a special occasion. A little pricey, but it definitely felt worth it. Wine list was expansive. Desert was wonderful too. It was pretty much a perfect meal. A+", A VIP OpenTable diner since 2010 said, "This was my first time at Troquet having walked by it on my way to work for almost a year. Though the façade isn't noteworthy, the food & the service were equally impressive. It was, no doubt, one of the best experiences I've had in a very long time! I had the fois gras & the Painted Hills beef -- both were presented & cooked perfectly. Our server Shannon was friendly, attentive, & knowledgeable in her recommendations. The banana soufflé was heavenly. Overall, a fantastic restaurant I know I will return to!" - Thanks for mentioning Shannon. She's one of our best! We look forward to seeing you again soon., It might be getting colder outside, but the Troquet kitchen will keep you warm inside with a new appetizer & two new entrees. This week, Executive Chef/Partner Scott Hebert & his team offer:

Nantucket Bay Scallops with chitarra pasta with lobster roe, pistou, & sea urchin

American Red Snapper with forbidden rice, red curry, & butternut squash sambal

Slow-Roasted Maine Rabbit with winter root vegetables, white beans, & Niman Ranch smoked bacon, Proprietor/General Manager Chris Campbell continues to diversify his already award-winning by-the-glass wine list with the addition of Cantine Valpane Barbera del Monferrato (Italy)., An OpenTable diner said, "Troquet is an elegant, fun food haven. The staff is knowledgeable, professional, & thoroughly enjoyable -- treating regulars & newbies with warmth & courtesy. We feasted on the Tasting Menu, & every bite was a delight." - We're so glad you enjoyed it!, An OpenTable diner since 2004 said, "The reasonably priced wine pairings by the glass complemented the outstanding food & service. Highly recommend.[ed]" Thank you so much!, An an OpenTable VIP diner said, "Outstanding food, well-paced dinner with great service & excellent wine matches. You cannot do better than dinner at Troquet - the view of the park is amazing, & the food never (& I mean *never*) disappoints - we've been here dozens of times & have had consistently outstanding meals." Thank you!, This week, Executive Chef/Partner Scott Hebert offers an entirely new entree: Black Sea Bass with forbidden rice, red curry, & butternut squash sambal., We are expecting our first white truffle shipment of the season. Chef Scott Hebert is planning  a few beautiful specials to showcase them. Reservations are highly recommended for these limited items!, This week, Executive Chef/Partner Scott Hebert offers an entirely new entree: Assiette of Vermont Veal with Swiss chard, gillfeather turnips, & caramelized shallot marmalade., We're proud to announce OpenTable diners have voted us to the Diner’s Choice List: Top Wine. You can see the complete list of the 100 top wine restaurants in America here: http://www.opentable.com/promo.aspx?ref=9400&pid=574, This week we welcome the return of Roasted Jurgielewicz Duck with Santa Rosa plum chutney, puy lentils, & baby bok choy., Pastry Chef Rebecca Martin urges you to save room for these new desserts:

 - Banana Soufflé with vanilla anglaise, & brown butter rum ice cream

 - Maple Panna Cotta with orange beignets, & pomegranate reduction

 - Chocolate Almond Semifreddo with mocha crepe cake, coffee meringue, & almond chantilly, This week, the entire Troquet team has been busy with revamped appetizers, new wines by the glass, fresh cocktails, & delicious desserts., This week, the Troquet kitchen has been busy preparing a new appetizer, three new entrees, & two new desserts. Chef Scott Hebert & his team bring us:

 - Iberian Ham & Chickpea Soup with tetilla cheese, & pimiento de padron

 - Provencale Black Sea Bass with petit ratatouille, braised artichokes, & basil pistou

 - Dover Sole & Maine Shrimp with caper raisin puree, roasted fingerling potatoes & cauliflower grenobloise

 - Assiette of Vermont Lamb with saffron farrotto, dried Nicoise olives, & fairytale eggplant

While Pastry Chef Rebecca Martin brings us:

 - Upside-Down Apple Walnut Cake with salted caramel ice cream, apple butter, & candied walnuts

 - Bruleed Ricotta Cheesecake with gingerbread, spice-poached pear, pear sorbet, & dried currant sauce, To serve you better, we have switched from using both UReserv & OpenTable for reservations to just OpenTable. Thank you for helping us experiment!, We were going to end our annual wine cellar clear-out sale early but Owner Chris Campbell dug deep to locate even more delicious vintage jewels. When August is over, so is this very special sale. Once they're gone, they're gone!, This is the final week of our annual wine cellar clear out sale! Drink up these vintage beauties at rock-bottom prices while you still can!, Adam Japko has a long history with us & offers his look at the "long tail" of wine through the lens of our cellar sale: http://wine-zag.com/2012/08/02/long-tail-wine-and-troquet/, This Summer, don't miss Chef Scott Hebert's Brandywine Tomato Soup with yogurt, Maine shrimp, & vadouvan spices. It's like a hug from the inside., null, This week, Pastry Chef Rebecca Martin has developed three new desserts to satisfy your summer sweet tooth:

Almond Plum Cake with ginger-poached plums, ginger caramel, & vanilla ice cream

Tasting of Peach with honey peach cheesecake, white peach sorbet, pistachio crumble, & peach-filled beignet

Sweet Corn Panna Cotta with dulce de leche, caramel corn, & red currant sorbet, These may be gone, but there are lots more treasures to discover!, We're proud to be included in this list & know we're in good company!, Zagat is buzzing about our annual cellar clear out sale! http://blog.zagat.com/2012/07/great-wine-bargains-reign-at-area.html, It's not often a real restaurant is mentioned in a fictional book. That's why we're proud our friend Richard Auffrey included us in his new novel "The Ghost of a Ninja" available now at http://amzn.to/Mb2Cko, We have dozens of new old bottles every night during our wine cellar clear out sale. You'll find deeply discounted wines such as multiple vintages of Chateau Lynch Bages, 1961 Pommard Burgundy, 1966 Cos d'Estournel, 1970 Baron de Pichon-Longueville, 1970 Croft Port, & more!, We hope you had a safe & delicious Independence Day. Tonight we're back open & continuing our wine cellar clear out sale. Drop by for dozens of vintage wines. But remember: Once they're gone, they're gone. Don't miss out!, Our annual wine cellar clear out sale is in full swing! Every night through the end of August we'll feature rock-bottom prices on dozens of remarkable vintage bottles. Recent favorites include:

multiple vintages of Chateau Lynch Bages
1966 Chateau Phelan Segur
1982 Chateau Duplessis
1970 Croft Port, null, Tonight we begin our annual wine cellar clearout sale. Every Tuesday through Saturday night through the end of August you'll find very deep discounts on rare vintage bottles. Reserve your seat now because once they're gone, they're gone! We look forward to seeing you., We're thrilled that realtor Ariel Szabo enjoyed herself here at Troquet. Read all about her experience: http://arielszaborre.tumblr.com/post/25512830577/troquet-140-boylston-street-mid-town-02116, Our annual wine cellar clearout sale starts June 26 & runs through the end of August. Reserve seats now to enjoy remarkable vintage bottles at the lowest prices. You're not going to want to miss this!, Watch for a special announcement about our upcoming annual wine cellar clearout sale!, Chef Scott Hebert has completely reimagined his Maine Sea Scallops with spiced apricot puree, crispy pork belly, & snap pea tendrils., Chef Scott Hebert's Rice Crusted Maine Halibut gets a makeover with roasted asparagus, morel mushrooms, creme fraiche, & perigoux sauce., null, Our new Casco Bay Lobster Crepe with coral emulsion, butter sugar corn, & chantrelles is as delicious as it is colorful., null, Chef Scott Hebert's salute to summer is the new Yellowtail Kampachi & Avocado with cucumber, watermelon, & habanero chile pickle. As refreshing as it is beautiful., null, Here's Chef Scott Hebert's Black Angus Beef Duo with potato puree, glazed baby carrots, bone marrow flan, & Bordelaise sauce. So satisfying., Chef Scott Hebert's colorful Braised Spanish Octopus with chorizo, fork-crushed potatoes, & espilette pepper broth really satisfies., Chef Scott Hebert's new Maine Lobster Salad with avocado, gazpacho gelee, & coral vinaigrette appetizer is your perfect start to Summer!, Be sure to save room for Pastry Chef Rebecca Martin's Chocolate Cherry Tart with chocolate ice cream, Gianduja tuile, & cherry sauce!, If you're interested in unique, private dining experiences for 4-12 people, call us at 617-695-9463 for your reservation today., This might be the most underrated dish of Chef Scott Hebert's entire menu: Roasted Giannone Chicken with Parisienne gnocchi, snap peas, & trumpet mushroom Madeira jus., A beautiful soft duck egg sits atop Chef Scott Hebert's Duck Confit Salad with frisee, smoked bacon, & truffle vinaigrette., null, Our Chef Scott Hebert makes it easy to take gorgeous food photos like this refreshing Yellowtail Hamachi Tartare with crispy taro, ginger, scallions, & green apple wasabi granite., Chef Scott Hebert's Roasted Colorado Lamb Loin with braised lamb collar, fava beans, baby spinach, & farro really satisfies on dreary, rainy days., Chef Scott Hebert's Spring Pea Soup with morel custard, smoked ham, & parmesan tuile., If you're interested in private dining experiences for 4-12 people, call 617-695-9463 for your reservation today., null, null, Here's Chef Scott Hebert's Roasted Suckling Pig with Anson Mills grits, smoked ham hock sauce, & celery root coleslaw. We're hungry already!, This week, Proprietor/General Manager Chris Campbell welcomes newer vintages of these wines by-the-glass: Glen Carlou Chardonnay; Domaine Brunet Chardonnay; Ponzi Pinot Noir., null, This is Dale, Troquet's web guy, & I'm trying out a new camera. What do you think of this shot of Chef Scott Hebert's Assiette of Marcho Farms Veal with potato mushroom gratin, asparagus, & cipollini onions?, null, A closeup of Chef Scott Hebert's Fermin Iberian Ham with tomato crostini, pickled ramps, & dried olives., Chris Campbell welcomes Wilson Daniels Sauvignon Blanc, Gainey Pinot Noir, Raymond Merlot, & Roth Cabernet Sauvignon to the Wines-by-the-Glass menu, as well as newer vintages of much of the rest of the list, including: Dr. Loosen Urziger Wurzgarten Riesling Kabinett, Spatlese, & Auslese; Baumard Savennieres; Wolf Pinot Gris; Domaine Brunet Pinot Noir; Ascheri Barbera d'Alba; Toscolo Chianti; Coltibuono Super Tuscan; Gainey Merlot; Pascual Toso Malbec; Grand Cru Cabernet Sauvignon; Peter Lehman Cabernet Sauvignon; Hess Cabernet Sauvignon; Artezin Zinfandel; & Volver Tempranillo., This week, Chef Scott Hebert offers you a delectable new appetizer & entree, including:

 - Fermin Iberian Ham with tomato crostini, pickled ramps, & dried olives

 - Roasted Colorado Lamb Loin with braised lamb collar, fava beans, baby spinach, & farro, We're especially pleased to have been named #9 in Opinionated About Dining's Top 25 Bistro & Trattorias 2012 list: http://www.opinionatedaboutdining.com/2012/Top25-409.html, If you or someone you know is an experienced waitperson in fine dining establishments & are looking for a new & exciting opportunity, we'd love to hear from you. Thanks., null, New this week is Chef Scott Hebert's sumptuous Sabayon of French White Asparagus with Porcini mushrooms, poached hen egg, & balsamic brown butter & optional Jamón Ibérico., null, Spring time just feels right paired with beet salad., The good folks at http://cocoonhome.com/blog/?p=10376 published a wonderful photo essay of a recent surprise birthday party at Troquet. It includes a photo of the birthday girl herself, along with our own Chef Scott Hebert & his lovely wife Natalia. We couldn't be more thrilled., This week, Chef Scott Hebert offers you three new seafood dishes & preparations, including:

 - Yellowtail Hamachi Tartare with crispy taro, ginger, scallions, & green apple wasabi granite

 - Stone Crab & Avocado Salad with lime radish, coriander, & gazpacho gelee

 - Rice-Crusted Atlantic Halibut with bok choy, hon shimeji mushrooms, & sweet & sour bonito broth, This is Dale, Troquet's web guy. One of the things that always blows me away is the size scallops that Chef Scott Hebert manages to source. I took this photo recently & I hope it shows just how huge these are., Chef Scott Hebert has been busy again, offering you no less than seven new dishes & preparations, including:

 - Rice-Crusted Langoustines with green papaya, champagne mango, & spicy tamarind glaze

 - Black Sea Bass with chorizo, black garlic, Wellfleet clams, & fregula sarda

 - East Coast Halibut with verjus sabayon, roasted cauliflower, citrus, & capers

 - Paupiette of Dover Sole with coral lasagnette, spring vegetable pistou, & sauce americaine

 - Maine Diver Scallops with roasted asparagus, morel creme, & perigoux sauce

 - Assiette of Veal with potato mushroom gratin, asparagus variations, & cipollini onions

 - Black Angus Beef Duo with potato puree, glazed baby carrots, bone marrow flan, & Bordelaise sauce, Spring has sprung as Chef Scott Hebert & Pastry Chef Rebecca Martin have teamed up to offer you no less than seven new dishes & preparations, including:

 - English Pea Soup with finnan haddie, crushed potato, & guanciale

 -Black Sea Bass with saffron couscous, razor clams, black garlic, & chorizo

 - Paupiette of Dover Sole with Maine shrimp, roasted asparagus, tomato tapenade, & verjus emulsion

 - Slow-Cooked Cavendish Quail with English pea risotto, confit garlic, speck ham, & wilted pea greens

 - Assiette of Veal with roasted asparagus, cipollini onions & fonduta tortellini

 - Pistachio Crème Brulee with orange beignets, & blackberry coulis

 - Chocolate Caramel Pecan Tart with crispy banana crepe, & salted caramel ice cream, A quick snapshot of Chef Scott Hebert's new Velouté of Spring Peas with coral lasagnette, pea shoots, & fava pesto., null, null, A little something sweet to end the week: Our Sticky Toffee Pudding. I (Dale) love to pair it with #57: 1927 Alvear Pedro Ximenez., null, Indulgent foie gras. Which preparation is your favorite?, null, Veal closeup., Though not currently on the menu, we're pretty sure this delicious rabbit presentation will make its return soon enough., null, One of the all-time classics: 1982 Chateau Mouton Rothschild., null, null, Here's a closeup of Chef Scott Hebert's halibut., The Boston Phoenix was kind enough to nominate us for Best French Restaurant. If you are so inclined, please consider voting for us. Thank you., null, Colorful beet salad has been one of our most popular appetizers for years., null, Appetizing agnolotti., This is Dale, Troquet's web guy. I found a collection of high-resolution food photos we did a while ago & I can't wait to share these with you starting tomorrow. Keep a nice cloth napkin near your computer, because these are seriously drool inducing., This week, Chef Scott Hebert & his team have been busy, featuring no less than five new preparations, including:

 - New Zealand Langoustines with green papaya salad, spicy soy caramel, & kishu mandarin

 - Roasted Dover Sole with Maine shrimp, asparagus, marcona almonds, & verjus sabayon

 - Seared Maine Diver Scallops with Bloomsdale spinach, cauliflower two ways, & citrus caper brown butter

 - Duo of Painted Hills Beef with potato mushroom gratin, glazed baby carrots, & Bordelaise sauce

 - Roasted Jurgielewicz Duck with puy lentils, ginger bok choy, crispy aromatic vegetables, & a Peking jus, This week, Chef Scott Hebert is featuring two new preparations, including:

 - Roasted Cervena Venison with parsnip apple puree, braised red cabbage, red currants, & sauce poivrade

 - Roasted Jurgielewicz Duck with Peking jus, puy lentils, blood orange, ginger, & braised endive, We are honored to once again be a semifinalist in the James Beard Foundation 2012 Chef & Restaurant Awards in the Outstanding Wine Program category. http://boston.eater.com/archives/2012/02/21/chef-and-restaurant-nominees-for-the-2012-jbf-awards.php, This week, Chef Scott Hebert is featuring three new dishes & preparations, including:

 - Seared Maine Diver Scallops served with lasagnette of Maine lobster with fava pistou & English peas
 - Roasted Cervena Venison served with ith parsnip puree, wild rice, persimmon, baby root vegetables, & marcona almonds
 - Assiette of Vermont Lamb served with chickpea panisse, baby spinach, eggplant caviar, & harissa, This week, Chef Scott Hebert is featuring two new preparations, including:

 - New Zealand Langoustines with feuille de bric, green papaya, red curry, & kaffir lime
 - New England Shellfish Bouillabaisse with saffron potatoes, fennel sousbise, & aioli crostini

Make sure to save room for Pastry Chef Rebecca Martin's Grand Marnier truffle. The perfect last bite., This week, Chef Scott Hebert is featuring his Roasted Black Sea Bass with saffron tortellini with Maine shrimp, artichokes, & bouillabaisse sauce., Chef Scott Hebert has updated the preparations of three of his most beloved dishes, including:
 - Roasted Giannone Chicken with crispy polenta, sugar snap peas, & a trumpet royal Madeira jus
 - Bacon-Wrapped Veal Sirloin with braised veal daube, Parisienne gnocchi, creamy spinach, & winter root vegetables
 - Painted Hills Beef Rib-Eye with potato cepe gratin, glazed baby carrots, cipollini, & bordelaise sauce

Make sure to save room for Pastry Chef Rebecca Martin's Toasted Coconut Soufflé with mango ice cream, & caramel sauce. The perfect ending., It's the New Year & Chef Scott Hebert is featuring three new preparations, including:
 - Braised Spanish Octopus with chorizo, fork-crushed potatoes, & pimient espilette
 - Roasted Giannone Chicken with white corn polenta, creamy spinach, trumpet royale mushrooms, & Madiera jus
 - Bacon-Wrapped Veal Sirloin with braised veal daube, porcini gratin, root vegetable, & cipollini confit, This week, Chef Scott Hebert is offering two new seafood dishes:
- Roasted Dover Sole with baby spinach, romanesco cauliflower, & citrus caper brown butter
- Roasted Black Sea Bass with razor clam risotto, & a black garlic infused romesco broth, It's the holidays & Chef Scott Hebert's gift to you is no less than six new fish preparations, including:
 - Spicy Hiromasa Sushi with winter radish, edamame puree, & miso vinaigrette
 - Nantucket Bay Scallops with coral chitarra pasta, chilis, & sea urchin
 - Crispy Atlantic Halibut with puy lentils, celery root puree, wild mushrooms, & artichoke barigoule
 - Seared Diver Scallops with baby spinach, cauliflower two ways, & citus caper butter
 - Roasted Black Sea Bass with Spanish octopus, ink risotto, piquillo pepper, & shellfish romesco broth
 - Roasted Yellowtail Kampachi with soba noodles, bok choy, miso, & yuzu kosho, The weather is getting colder & our supply of white truffles is dwindling. Be sure to ask your server about pairing them with Chef Scott Hebert's Ricotta Cavatelli with wild mushrooms, parmesan, & black truffle too., We are thankful for all our wine & food loving friends. We are closed today but will reopen on Friday. Drop by after your long day of shopping for pastry chef Rebecca Martin's pumpkin souffle served with creme anglaise & salted caramel ice cream., On our website at troquetboston.com, we are using the new URESERV reservation system & would love to hear your feedback., Chef Scott Hebert's Roasted Jurgielewicz Duck gets an autumnal makeover, served with wild rice, heirloom cranberries, & ginger bok choy., We are proud to once again be listed among Boston Magazine's 50 Best Restaurants list of 2011. http://www.bostonmagazine.com/articles/the_50_best_restaurants_2011, During this upcoming holiday season, if you would like to host a private party, we would love to help you. Contact us to make arrangements. We look forward to seeing you & your guests., Chef Scott Hebert welcomes the arrival of autumn with his Crispy Thai Snapper served with saffron couscous, bok choy, ginger, & vadouvian spices., Chef Scott Hebert announces the arrival of the first white truffles of the season. Available on request., Pastry Chef Rebecca Martin is excited to welcome Sticky Toffee Pudding back to the menu, served with rum raisin ice cream & caramelized pineapple., Hi, it's Dale again. I'm trying something new & would like your feedback: On the Troquet website at http://troquetboston.com I've split the Menu pages into two pages, titled Wine & Dine. I think each is shorter & more readable & cater to people who are interested in one more than the other. What do you think? Does it work for you?, Hi, I'm Dale. I'm the guy who updates the Troquet website & this page too. I ate at Troquet Tuesday night & was knocked out by Chef Scott Hebert's Bacon Wrapped Veal Sirloin. Not only was the veal perfect, but the polenta agnolotti was remarkable. It's starch stuffed inside another starch! Thanks Scott & Chris for another wonderful evening. And thanks to all of you for continuing to enjoy Troquet just as much as I do!, While others were on vacation this summer, Chef Scott Hebert & his crew have been hard at work developing new recipes including: Duck Confit Salad served with brioche crouton, smoked bacon, soft duck egg & truffle vinaigrette as well as Bacon Wrapped Veal Sirloin served with polenta agnolotti, veal cheek daube & creamy rainbow swiss chard., Creme fraiche cheesecake featuring pistachio crust with honey glazed peaches & peach sorbet is our latest addition to the dessert menu., There's only one week left for Chris Campbell's second annual wine cellar clear out. Each night dozens of deeply discounted bottles are available for dinner. Make reservations now because after September 3, they're gone!, Pastry Chef Rebecca Martin makes your late summer even sweeter with Valhrona Chocolate Panna Cotta served with Grand Marnier soaked raspberries, cocoa shortbread & creme chantilly., There are just a few weeks left for Chris Campbell's massive annual wine cellar blowout. Make reservations now because once each of these treasures is gone, it's gone forever., Chef Scott Hebert is excited to feature two new preparations including: Green Tomato Gazpacho served with pekeytoe crab ceviche with chilis, lime & basil as well as Wild Striped Bass served with chorizo, artichokes, baby clams, salt cod & piperade broth., We're very proud of our Pastry Chef Rebecca Martin, who in just a few short months, has made our dessert menu her own., Chef Scott Hebert is excited to feature two new preparations including: Roasted Black Sea Bass served with ratatouille jus, squash blossoms, capers & pistou broth as well as Maine Safe Haven Swordfish served with chorizo, artichokes, baby clams, squid ink & Basque piperade., Just in time for Bastille Day, Chris appeared on The Emily Rooney Show on WGBH radio. Listen in (http://wgbh.org/programs/The-Emily-Rooney-Show-854/episodes/Thursday-July-14--Its-Bastille-Day-You-Want-To-Go-On-A-Picnic-Now-What-30236) & try our Grilled Radicchio Salad recipe (http://troquetboston.com/recipe_grilled_radicchio.html)., We have a 1955 Chateau Palmer that is looking for just the right new home with someone's dinner. Will it be you?, Here's just a sampling of a few Bordeaux we have available:
1986 Sterling Reserve, (Meritage) $35
1983 Ch. Prieure Lichine, Margaux $40
1955 Ch. Palmer, Margaux (MS) $35
1983 Ch. La Mission Haut Brion, Graves $45, We're honored to have been mentioned in Wine Enthusiast's Top 100 Wine Restaurants in the nation list as well as voted Best Food & Drink in the Downtown Neighborhood by Improper Bostonian. Thank you!, Our second-annual wine-cellar clearing event is in full swing! Here's just a sampling of what we have available:

1935 Ch. Latour (mid shoulder) $35
1985 Ruffino, Chianti Riserva, Gold Label $30
1966 Guigal Hermitage Half bottle $25
1965 Ch. Mouton Rothschild $35

When these bottles are gone, they're gone! We have plenty more at incredible savings too. Drop by some time!, July 5 is the start of our second-annual wine-cellar clearing event! Owner Chris Campbell invites you to experience top-shelf fine wines at rock-bottom prices. No carry out - all bottles for consumption with dinner that night. Make reservations now as these fine wines WILL sell out!, Make reservations now for Chris Campbell's second annual wine cellar clearing event through July & August!, Chef Scott Hebert has been busy & is excited to feature Bacalo Crusted Red Grouper served with sauce vierge, baby spinach & artichoke barigoule. Fish-crusted fish!, New pastry chef Rebecca Martin's coffee souffle is a delicious way to complete any evening., When your favorite restaurant is closed on Sundays, where do you like to dine?, Balinese Pepper Crusted Yellowfin Tuna gets the Chef Hebert treatment as he serves it with fava pistou, Provencal artichokes & ver jus caper sauce., Chef Hebert is at it again, creating a fonduta raviolo appetizer served with braised veal cheeks, aromatic vegetables & parmesan broth., Chef Scott Hebert introduces a new twist to his popular New Zealand Langoustines by serving them with cucumber, mango & ponzu broth with Fresno chilis., This week we welcome new Pastry Chef Rebecca Martin & her Bitter Chocolate Custard served with pistachio croquant, coco nibs & a cherry hibiscus granite., Chef Scott Hebert's excited to feature Roasted Spanish Lubina served with chorizo, artichokes, baby clams, squid ink & Basque piperade. With Tres Leches Cake served with lime curd, cashew brittle & passion fruit banana sorbet, you might be tempted to eat dessert first!, We hope you enjoy new Bartender Nicole Kulma's fresh Summer cocktail menu available now! http://bit.ly/gRt3xu, Chef Scott Hebert's excited to feature several new preparations, including: Crispy Duck Confit with dried cherries, puy lentils & Marcona almond brittle; Roasted Dover Sole with lobster & sea urchin fondue, braised artichoke & fennel barigoule; East Coast Halibut with pea greens ravioli & a pistou of early Spring vegetables; Assiete of Vermont Baby Lamb with pearl barley, fava beans & fennel caponata., Chris Campbell is pleased to debut the terrific 2009 V. Auvique, St. Veran, Chardonnay (France) both by the glass & full bottles., Specials for this week include Bellotta Iberico Ham with pickled Spring vegetables & Manchego cheese as well as Dover Sole with king prawn & meyer lemon meuniere., We've published the list of our available Eau de Vie - Digestifs & Brandy at http://troquetboston.com/menus.html, Chef Scott Hebert's excited to welcome the return of Rice Crusted Cobia Filet, served with saffron couscous, pea tendrils, eggplant caviar & spicy harissa broth., October 28 is International Champagne Day.  Celebrate at Troquet with our unique by-the-glass program, offering vintage bubbly in 2 and 4 ounce pours.  We always habe three or four on hand to pop., Warm Apple Duo.  Infinitely share-able, it combines a mini tarte tatin with spiced apple beignets, cinnamon ice cream and cinnamon crème anglaise.  Holy MacIntosh !, Signature dishes are just that; menu items that reflect the essence of the restaurant and its chef, and therefore become timeless.  Our Short Rib Canneloni app shows best with a chill in the air, combined with aromatic veggies, smoked bacon and parmesan “broth.”, With a name like Jugelwicz, it’s got to be good !  That’s the name of the family farm in Pennsylvania that supplies our perfect duck breasts, simply matched in the Troquet kitchen with wild rice, figs and almond brittle., Don't give upon lobster cause it's fall.  Maine's chilly waters keep crustaceans happy and we serve it wrapped in a fine herbs crepe with heart of palm as a starter … and paired with day boat scallops with sauce Americaine and gnocchi as an entrée., Staying with the Desserts First theme, we offer this sweet appetizer:  Crepes, baked with gianduja (hanzelnut milk chocolate), then topped with candied hazelnuts, roasted banana ice cream, and two sauces., We love "The Big C" on Showtime, and applaud Laura Linney’s character for “only doing cocktails and dessert.”  Perhaps you’ll start your meal that way with Troquet’s new Candied Pecan and Caramel Souffle – like a warm, eggy pecan pie., Are you one of the countless connoisseurs who's been turned on to the sensuousness of bone marrow?  If so, you'll love it with a porcini-crusted veal chop and wild mushrooms.  Even more with a deep, red wine chosen by proprietor Chris Campbell especially for your table., Boston's weather this summer has been anything but Dark and Stormy, so we suggest you drink one.  Refreshing Bermuda Stone ginger beer on the rocks gets a shot of Meyer's Dark Rum and the happy result is a hot weather classic., Troquet's duck confit is a top seller, but we love to fiddle around with it, and this month you'll find it playing with a puree of early apples and a rhubarb agri-doux., Honey Crisps again in a sweeter vein ... this time classic 
tarte tain with extra peach puree, plus vanilla ice cream and candied 
walnuts., Chef Hebert takes ripe Honey Crisp peaches and makes a tatin to accompany our Duo of Hudson Valley Foie Gras, but he doesn't stop there:  pickled cherries and a pepper gastrique round out this flavorful starter that marries well with a glass of chilled Moscato d'Asti., Everyone loves Ward's Farm, and we take their exceptionally sweet corn, turn it into a creamy bisque, and liven it up with chunks of American speck and lobster mushrooms.  Like summer in a bowl, as they say., Just two more nights ... to drink a bottle of vintage wine from the year you were born (or earlier); our massive Wine Cellar Sweep Out ends this weekend, and the $20-$40 bargains will be depleted. Don't worry, new inventory is arriving.  It's been great.  Thanks for your support.  Reserve at 617-695-9463., Just three more nights to drink a bottle of vintage wine from the year you were born (or earlier); our massive Wine Cellar Sweep Out ends this weekend, and the $20-$40 bargains will be depleted. Don't worry, new inventory is arriving.  It's been great.  Thanks for your support.  Reserve at 617-695-9463., Beer lovers! Try our Dark Chocolate Chimay Ice Cream, Hudson Valley meets Santa Clara, California in our foie gras appetizer topped with aromatic and beautiful Blenheim apricots., Proprietor Chris Campbell says that the TROQUET wine cellar -- which has undergone a major sweep out since early July -- still contains about two more weeks' worth of vintage wine bargains that need to be cleared out, so don't wait another moment to reserve a table and get the chance to imbibe a $300 wine for about $20-40., What has been your favorite wine to come out of our cellar so far? We would love to know a true gem?, It's August and the phones are ringing.  Oenophiles have caught the buzz (as it were) about our wine cellar clear out, which has but a week or two to go.  Vintage bin ends for $20 and up, making way for all new inventory.  Prices include slightly wrinkled labels and authentic cellar dust., Labels and prices on our Troquet wine cellar bin ends, being sold with dinner thru mid-August, are so impressive/shocking that we are no longer mentioning them in print.  Trust us.  You'd pay ten times the price for these older, (primarily) French and California wines IF you could find them., Great blog post by Richard Auffrey, http://wine-zag.com/2010/07/26/boston-troquets-cellar-dregs-are-wine-lovers-treasures/, Proprietor Chris Campbell says that the TROQUET wine cellar -- which has undergone a major sweep out since early July -- still contains about two more weeks' worth of vintage wine bargains that need to be cleared out, so don't wait another moment to reserve a table and get the chance to imbibe a $300 wine for about $20-40., Cool off with Hamachi Tartare, topped with a scoop of Wasabi Granite, Shhh don't tell anyone, the wine cellar clear out is still going on. 48 new (old) bottles are lovingly brought up from the cellar nightly., They say that the measure of a French chef is in 
his/her 
roasted chicken.  Our Giannone Farms bird with cheddar spoonbread, corn 
and 
chantarelles measures up, if we do say so ourselves., Troquet's signature Roasted Suckling Pig NEVER comes off the menu - we sell a ton of it and you need to find out why !  This month, it's paired with native corn succatash and cippoline onions., Troquet is French, but don't hold us to it ... Spain's right next door, and we love our Spanish octopus escabeche with olive oil from Catalonia, fennel and sweet peppers., OMG scallops from Nantucket! The only way it gets 
better than this is if it came with flowering herbs, morels and 
asparagus. Wait a minute... it does !, Quick reminder our Clean Out the Cellar Sale sale goes all month long, or until they are 
gone.  Better pick up the phone now., Local spring peas are in and we like them in a 
bright green 
pea soup with some morels, gruyere and ham., Bluefin Toro Tartare with taro crisps, and green
 
apple-wasabi granite; there are better ways to start a summer meal, but 
we doubt 
it., Hint.... We will bring up 4 cases (48 
bottles) per night, replacing the sold wines 
with new selections., Some of the wine for tonight: 
1975
    Lungarotti Rubesco Riserva $25
1982    William Hill, Cabernet Sauvignon,
 Gold Label $20
1980    Comte Armand, Pommard, Clos des 
Epeneaux $40
1970    Louis Latour, Corton, Corton Grancey $40
1979
    Chateau Prieure Lichine $40, Today is the Big Day for oenophiles.  Troquet's Clean Out the Cellar Sale begins at dinner tonight, with almost 1,000 single-bottle vintage wines on sale all month long, or until they are gone.  Better pick up the phone now.  Wines are for on site consumption (with a meal) only., 1 More Day Until.... Our 
first-time-in-six-years wine cellar clean up ..., Here are the rules.  Wines must be consumed 
with dinner.  No "holds." No retail sales for take home.  New wines 
every night until the end of July.  Cash or credit cards only.  Don't 
miss this.  Reserve now.  617-695-9463, If you love wine, you MUST come to Troquet for our 
first-time-in-six-years wine cellar clean up ... you will not believe 
what we've 
found down there, and we want to sell them out to make room for new 
ones, so prices are slashed to the bone.  We 
strongly suggest reservations while this sale is on., We hope everyone had a Happy 4th of July!, Correction: Starting Thursday, 
July 8 until they're all sold, we'll offer dozens of vintage bin end 
bottles for shockingly low prices.  Reserve fast.  617-695-9463, Can you say, Rooibos Vanilla Infused Brulee?, What's your favorite item on our menu?, Can you name this Appetizer? Ginger, scallions, tarot crisps & wasabi granite., Guess the name of this desert. Three big pastry puffs are stuffed with house-made ice cream and 
drizzled with warm chocolate and caramel sauces at the table, It's gonna be a hot one out today. Come in for a chilled glace of white wine..., "What a lovely place to spend a romantic evening. The food, the service, 
the atmosphere...all was spot on." - Customer Review, Watertown, MA, null, Black and White Profiteroles: An immediate best-seller on the dessert 
list ($10.75). Three big pastry puffs are stuffed with house-made ice 
cream and drizzled with warm chocolate and caramel sauces at the table. 
Pair it with a glass of Moscato d’Asti and call it a celebration., What's Doubleback?  No, not a coupon, it's the name of the newly released red wine from ex-Patriot's quarterback Drew Bledsoe and his wife Maura, introduced here recently to select crowd.  Grapes from Walla Walla, Washington, his hometown., Getting married?  Treat your bridal party to the 
most 
memorable rehearsal dinner ever.  Five and seven course tastings 
available 
every night, and the wine pairings will never be forgotten., Want see see what Troquet's entrees look like?  The web 
site's home page has a colorful slide show every day with images by renowned 
local photographer Andy Ryan., We slow roast our fresh Vermont lamb every day, and chef Hebert uses its tongue, tail, hoofs, innards and bones to make other lamb-alicious items that appear on the menu.  It's called nose-to-tail cooking and it's what we do here., You could probably make our Earl Grey Creme Brulee 
at home, 
but why bother?  We've steeped the hot cream in imported tea, then we 
bake 
it with a fudgy bottom and serve it with shortbread sticks.  So good you
 
may want to begin your dinner with dessert., With Memorial Day looming, we feel it's time for Lobster Roll, 
don't you ?  Our version is chilled and served in a fines herbes crepe., Not to worry.  Chef Hebert would never remove his famous 
ricotta cavatelli from the menu, it's a year-round winner priced twice.  
Enjoy as an appetizer or make it your meal., From the icy waters of the far northern reaches of the U.S. comes arctic char, a lovely fish we roast with herbs to bring out its subtle flavors., Cheese, please.  Yes, you can dine like a Euros do here 
in jolly ole' Boston.  Troquet's selection of imported cheeses is 
unparalleled in the city, and so is our knowledge of them., East coast halibut is back!  A perennial favorite that's 
firm yet has finesse.  This dish is a chef fave., suggests upping the ante on dessert by enjoying it 
with one of our many fine dessert wines or ports., Tartare.  It's the way to go when yellowtail tuna arrives 
this fresh and glistening.  Eat raw fish.  Live and love 
longer., Send your graduating senior off into the world with a meal he 
or she will never forget.  Reserve now for Chef Scott Hebert's spectacular 
seven-course tasting menu.   Don't worry.  All appetites rise to 
the occasion., Berries and cream.  Just saying it aloud makes you want 
to fall into a vat of it.  As seasonal berries arrive from area farms, 
we'll pair them with creme fraiche, ice cream, a fruity sauce, and a sesame tuile 
cookie., New Troquet Patissier Menu, New Menu for Spring/Summer 2010, You know it's almost summer when lobster salad re-appears.  Ours makes a luxurious starter..., Zagat also mentions Troquet in its Top Service and Winning Wine Lists sections.  Current wine list is online., It might have been too cold yesterday, but today you'll crave ice  cream, and pastry chef Sarah Woodfine's lemon ginger version just might tempt  you., Chef will be butchering two whole pigs this week ... and looks forward to deliveries of spring lamb, goats, rabbits, ducks and veal in the weeks ahead., Are you thinking what I'm thinking? Crispy Duck Confit..., Slow Roasted Vermont Lamb..., Have you had our English Cucumber Martini?, Dark Chocolate Souffle... That is all, Peach Dragon... need we say more?, Happy Friday everyone!!, We would like to know, what is your favorite dish at Troquet?, A taste of early spring:  English pea soup, with rabbit and morel tortellinis afloat in the center.  This is as pretty as a pea dish gets., Try this at home, cooks:  Dust the top of your sea  scallops with Wondra cake flour, and they'll refuse to stick to the pan when you  sear them, plus they get a lovely golden top.  Our gigantic specimens come  from Brown Trading Company in Maine, and are finished with morel  "dust.", See the homage to chef Hebert's signature suckling pig three 
ways ($39) in the current issue of STUFF.  Reporter MC Slim JB also gives 
some love to the restaurant's clever wine pairings and pricing, saying "In 
a market packed with French places, this love for wine lovers may best explain 
how Troquet consistently ranks among Boston's most popular dining 
destinations."  The photo alone is worth a thousand words., Our signature suckling pig comes with apple "confit."  Juicy layers of fruit baked down to softness and garnished with gingerbread crumbs.  This is why you eat out., We have just one word for you today:   spoonbread., Chef Scott Hebert invites Red Sox fans to stop by and  talk sports and scores with him anytime.  He watches the night games on his  iphone!, Brandade de Langoustine:  Chopped langoustines are added to a potato  and salt cod mixture, firmed into cakes, and sauteed until crispy... Served  with whelks and a piperade sauce., Did St. Patrick ever pass through France?  Vermont Quail with Boudin  Noir is stuffed with a classic Irish black pudding, and served with a "confit"  of Honeycrisp apples and a sauce made from Calvados (French apple  brandy)., March 11th is the last day to vote us for Boston's Best French Restaurant, in The Phoenix! http://ow.ly/1fQu, Didn't get enough chocolate at Valentine's Day?  Bring  your honey in for our decadent Chocolate Tasting ($13.75) which features our  pastry chef's choice of three different desserts.  Seal the deal with a  warming glass of Warres 1995 late-bottled port for about $7 more., It's not spoken of nearly often enough ... Our selection of imported French cheeses ($13 for three or $24 for six) is world class, and the education you get from proprietor Chris Campbell when he serves them is priceless., Ballotine of Rabbit is stuffed with morel mushrooms, then cooked sous vide at 130 degrees for 2 hours & served over an English pea risotto., For the truly adventurous, Troquet's March charcuterie plate features  lamb's tongue, which is incorporated into a country-style pate' with capers and  cornichons; also on that plate is a flavorful Tunisian Merguez sausage., Dear friends help us win Boston's Best French Restaurant on The Boston Phoenix! Vote here: http://ow.ly/1bjso, Complete your repast with Sarah’s spectacular pistachio soufflé, or a sampling of sorbets & ice creams like butterscotch, Bailey’s Irish Cream & coconut., "Chocolate cake at Troquet | Boston Restaurant and Food Blog" http://tinyurl.com/yke794e, Other enlightening sampling trios are on the wine list from $18 up., And you can sample 2 ounces each of the 2006 Urziger Wurzgarten Riesling Kabinett, Riesling Spatlese and Riesling Auslese for $23.75., Dr. Loosen on the loose.  This well-regarded winemaker's Riesling is the top of the heap...., One way to warm up, slurp up the piquillo pepper broth in which our braised Spanish octopus arrives.  Enriched with brandade & fingerlings., Our tempting truffle vinaigrette wakes up a frisee salad. Proprietor Chris C. recommends pairing it w/ a 2007 Grand Cru Cabernet Sav, just $7.50 per glass., Watch for our special John Dory entree (it's a fish, not a person), served with a scumptious scallop mousseline., Twitter and Facebook Directory for Boston Businesses by @CitysearchBOSs http://ow.ly/12Iz0, You've had haricot verte; now try haricot blanc, slathered  with Nicoise olive jus, alongside our Vermont lamb., Sardines from Portugal!  Chef makes them escabeche style as an appetizer., Keep 'em cool.  All white wines at Troquet are served at exactly 45 degrees; reds at 58 degrees., Smuggler's delight.  S-s-s-s-sh.  We got ahold of some black Iberian ham and have designed a charcuterie plate around it with duck-foie gras pate', black pudding, and more., What's New – Winter 2010, Today only! Chef Hebert has purchased a cabrito (baby goat) and will run it as a special. Bleat the crowds; reserve at 617-695-9463.
, Jan. 20-23 ONLY!  Slow roasted rabbit wrapped in speck with fontina risotto..., Posted by How2Heroe, RT @how2heroes: Steamed Lemon Pudding shoot this morn with one of our favorite pastry heroes, Sarah Woodfine. Watch her http://bit.ly/7fmsaH, RT @dadekian: RT @RichardPF: A culinary Q&A with Chef Scott Hebery of Troquet http://tinyurl.com/yhp9u84, RT @stacywoods: made this tonight, huge hit! @TroquetBos: Steamed Lemon Pudding - Courtesy Sarah Woodfine - TROQUET, Boston http://bit.ly/4xQ892, Steamed Lemon Pudding - Courtesy Sarah Woodfine - TROQUET, Boston, Chef's Ricotta Cavatelli is 1 item that will never come off the menu; wild mushrooms & black truffle make it irresistible this winter..., Barigoule! It's fun to say, but what is it? A way to make artichokes delicious: poach hearts w/ white wine, veggies, bacon, & garlic. Voila!, Happy New Year!!!, The Chocolate Tasting, Pastry Chef Sarah takes ho-hum creme brulee & elevates it by infusing the custard with orange & lemon rinds. Served w/ poppyseed shortcake., RT @akarlin: Parting treats @troquetbos http://tweetphoto.com/7063022 #Boston #dessert, Our hot cocoa is made with melted Valhrona and warm cookies to dunk.  Take a short walk from Frog Pond for this warming pick-me-up., Our milk choc-hazelnut millefeuille sells like hotcakes, but we're bored with it.  Suggestions for new flavors?, "Food's more fun in the wintertime,"  says Exec Chef Scott Hebert of TROQUET, Repeat after us:  Warm. Dark. Chocolate. Souffle. Ganache. Topping.  Salted. Caramel. Ice Cream., And, the warm Sticky Toffee Pudding -- a perennial top sellers  on the menu at Le Patissier @ Troquet -- never left.  Treat yourself to an  early holiday treat, and order it paired with sherry ... not just any sherry,  but the 1927 Alvear, Pedro Ximenez, which tastes like sweet, thick, raisin juice!, Riedel's Sommeliers Burgundy Grand Cru glass is displayed in the permanent collection of the Museum of Modern Art in New York. In celebration of its 50th anniversary, Troquet will be pouring its Burgundies, Pinot Noirs and Nebbiolos into this esteemed glass. Makes a meal an occasion., Sarah has re-introduced her famous cookie platter dessert for 
the holidays - this cornucopia of crispy, butter-laden sweets, served with a 
mini vanilla milkshake, is $10.75 and feeds two generously., Sparkling wines and champagnes are perfect for the holidays,  so don't forget that Troquet has a serious collection of vintage, celebratory  bubbly like:  Schramsberg, Veuve Cliquot, Krug, Bollinger, Roederer  Cristal, Salon and Dom Perignon., wish you could make our Sticky Toffee Pudding at home? See our recipes page to find out how: http://troquetboston.com/recipes.html, Incredible Fall Desserts! Cranberry Orange Bread Pudding, Sugared Pumpkin Pie Souffle, Pear Almond Tart......and more!, Baby brussel sprouts, lots of foraged mushrooms and some venison., Seen the summer issue of Sante Magazine? Owner Chris Campbell is quoted about bottled water trends at Troquet., Chef Scott Hebert's elegant cavatelli is a symphony of black truffle essence, wild mushrooms and parmesan, over tiny twisted pasta made with fresh ricotta cheese. Yummmmm., Our pastry chef, Sarah Woodfine has a secret source for Maine blueberries -- the tiny, sweet ones -- and is using them in a lighter than air dessert souffle paired with white chocolate-blueberry ice cream. Blueberry season is now!, 1st ever specialty cocktail menu now available at the bar., Wine critic Robert Parker calls the 2007 Chateauneuf du Papes “the greatest vintage I have tasted in 30 years,” and TROQUET carries four of these outstanding southern Rhone blends, which are exceptionally food-friendly any time of year., Tiny native squash blossoms have also bloomed, and Chef Hebert stuffs them with buffalo milk ricotta, then fries them tempura-style, and stacks them on an arugula and marinated heirloom tomato salad with pesto.  Yikes !, Chef Scott Hebert - who is particularly fussy about the size of the duck he serves - just got a shipment of perfectly portioned ducks from a family farm in Pennsylvania that knows and appreciates his exacting specifications.   They are hanging in the kitc, Watch Pastry Chef Sarah Woodfine Make Sticky Toffee Pudding. You can make it too!, null, null, Troquet in The Boston Globe. Devra Frist says...

" If you want to drink a high-end bottle with dinner, there may be no better place in Boston to do it.  Then, of course, there's chef Scott Hebert's food ... the flavors are sublte rather than eye-opening, the M.O. of many of the dishes here:  well executed, beautifully presented, not ostentatious., null, Check out our recipe page. Rabbit Sous Vide, Toffee Pudding and more!)