List("Forget the toys. I want WUBurger!", We’re in the business of making high quality food and creating a community focused restaurant, It's looking like a great day to get ice cream! #wuburger, From one of our best customers. #kidsknowbest #wuburger, WUBurger is now hiring for our location in Woburn. We are looking for cashiers, ice cream scoopers and line cooks. Experience not necessary. All we ask is that you are caring, warm and willing to learn!

Come to the store, ask for a manager and apply in person!, Do you know that our turkey is All Natural, Humanely Raised, Nitrate Free, and free and clear of any Antibiotics and Hormones? #consciouslysourced #simpleingredients #Patriotsandwichdeconstructed, Support Reeves Elementary PTO today!  10% of your bill goes directly to them!, Introducing Melville, our new Fish sandwich at WUBurger. 

Fried Cod Fillet, Pickles, Tomatoes, House Tartar Sauce, Homemade Coleslaw on Toasted Ciabatta Bread., Due to the weather, WUBurger will be closing early today at 2pm. We will be open at 11am tomorrow!, WUBurger will be open today. Additionally, we launched our new website and online ordering system. Check it out! www.wuburger.com, We are sorry for the inconvenience but we must disable online ordering so that we can integrate our new ordering platform. We hope that the new platform will be ready in a few days. Thanks for your patience!, Come support Wyman Elementary School at WUBurger today. 10% of sales go directly to the school! We had such a great turnout yesterday. Let's continue the momentum! Wyman Woburn PTO, WUBurger Gourmet Cambridge location coming soon!, BIG WIN ON SATURDAY NIGHT!
To celebrate, enjoy a 10% discount off orders over $10 at WUBurger TODAY (Tuesday)! In-store only. Cannot be combined with our lunch combo., Post Holiday Blues? We have a solution. Introducing $9.50 lunch combos for the entire month of January. Between 11-3pm, get any Double Patty Burger or Sandwich, choice of Waffle or French Fries, and a drink for $9.50! This promotion is for a limited time only. Extra charge for additional toppings., Happy New Year! WUBurger is now open and we are back to normal business hours., WUBurger will be closing early tonight at 8pm. Our hours for the next several days are:

Thursday: 11am-8pm
Friday: 12pm-10pm
Saturday: 11am-10pm
Sunday: 11am-9pm

Happy New Year!, If you weren't able to catch our segment on Chronicle 5, here is the video. Ready for WUBurger?, WUBurger's South End chicken sandwich. #nofilter #bestsandwichever #wuburger #pictureoftheday #notjustaburgerjoint, The Ferullo eggplant sandwich. I hate eggplant but I love the Ferullo.  #ferullo #wuburger #pictureoftheweek, WUBurger's Tanner Pride.  Roast beef, Thousand Island, crispy fried onions, cheddar cheese. Delicious! #tannerpride #wuburger #bestsandwichever, We made a new addition to the team. He's currently in day care but very excited to jump on board! Photo credit to Bright Horizons at Riverpark #Wuburger #happyfriday, "Honor to the soldier and sailor everywhere, who bravely bears his country's cause. Honor, also, to the citizen who cares for his brother in the field and serves, as he best can, the same cause." - Abraham Lincoln

Thanks to all those that have served!

Show your military ID or proof of service and get 50% off your entire meal!, Congratulations Coach Nelson!

#tannerpride #wuburger, The Patriot sandwich deconstructed. #patriot #wuburger #pictureoftheweek #brinedinhouse, It's national sandwich day today! Might we suggest a South End chicken sandwich or the Patriot? #nationalsandwichday, Thanks for the great review, PigTrip BBQ Reviews. We are flattered to be in the same sentence as Shake Shack!, YOU ASKED, WE BROUGHT!

We received a large amount of requests to offer salads. 

We now serve a WU Salad and a Caesar Salad

WU Salad - Crisp Romaine, Blue Cheese, Applewood Bacon, Roma Tomatoes, Crispy Fried Onions and a House-Made WU Vinaigrette

Caesar Salad - Crisp Romaine, Shaved Parmesan, House-Made Ciabatta Croutons, House-Made Caesar Dressing, Happy Halloween! Unfortunately, we did not create a pumpkin spiced burger (we don't think it would taste that good) BUT we do appreciate good costumes. Come by with your costume for a special treat today!, South End Chicken Sandwich. Best chicken sandwich in Woburn? #fresh #local #brinedinhouse #regram from @minnietu87 #pictureoftheweek #wuburger, Thanks for the nice review, Boston Foodie!, Working on a made from scratch Caesar dressing!  WU Vinaigrette finished. Salads coming next week. #wuburger #freshsalad, Two triples. Same customer. NBD. Eating like a champ! #wuburger, Congrats to the Watertown High School field hockey team. 153 games straight with no losses! Keep up the great work!, Channel 5 will be here today during lunchtime. Come by for lunch!, Yes, we also think Marty McFly would approve!, WUBurger is hiring! We are looking for back of the house cooks. If you are interested, please email us at info@wuburger.com or come in and speak to management. 

Experience not necessary. Full training program provided. All we ask is that you are excited about quality food., Thanks for the article Boston.com! Yes, we will be entering Cambridge by January 2016 but Woburn was our first! Made in the WU! #wuburger #tannerpride #cambridgenext, Another review from a food critic (@hungrytommy). We appreciate all the great feedback from our customers.

"Their double burger, their chicken, their frappes, and their banana bread are all excellent. I know it is going to be a regular stop for me.", Thank you to all our customers that came out to our Grand Opening and enjoyed free ice cream. A special thank to Mayor Galvin, Alderman Raymond and Alderman Haggerty for attending the event. Despite the rain, it was a huge success! We hope to see you all soon!, WUBurger was featured on The Passionate Foodie. Our first review by a well known food critic!, Free ice cream? Yes. WuBurger is giving away ice cream all day tomorrow (September 30th) in celebration of our Grand Opening! Come by for a scoop! No purchase necessary. We proudly serve Richardson's Ice Cream., WuBurger Online Ordering Now Available, Dessert anyone? Soft serve. Twist. Rainbow Sprinkles. #wuburger #tannerpride #wmhs #woburn, Shhhh...It's a secret menu item. Triple Blue Cheeseburger with bacon, fried egg, lettuce, tomato and pickles., WuBurger is running a promotion this week:

1. Buy any sandwich
2. Post a picture of the food on Facebook, Twitter or Instagram 
3. Show a crew member the post
4. Receive a FREE Kiddie scoop of your choice of ice cream!, Fresh, never frozen. That's our motto at #WuBurger., Today is the big day!  WuBurger opens its doors at 11!  Boston friends, come join us!, WuBurger is now open! We serve fresh burgers and fries, hot dogs, sandwiches and ice cream. 

Hours of operation: 11AM-10PM, 7 days a week

Address: 880 Main Street in Woburn, MA

And don't forget, there is additional parking in the rear of the building, WuBurger is opening on Tuesday, September 8th. Come by and check out our new restaurant!, Looking for a job? Want to be part of the next awesome restaurant? WuBurger is hiring energetic individuals with positive attitudes. Experience not necessary but is a plus! Send us an email using the link below and we will get back to you within 24 hours!, Interested in joining a fun and exciting new concept?  Apply now and be part of the WuBurger team!!!
http://boston.craigslist.org/nos/fbh/5163013271.html, We are coming Woburn!, null, Double WuBurger made out of our test kitchen! #nofilter #freshneverfrozen #qualitymeats #woburn, WuBurger coming August 2015!)