List(So pretty at night....Central Square Cambridge !, Last weekend's Chez Henri pop-up was delicious and great fun! Along with Eli's photos of Cuba and beyond...the bakery was transformed for the evening.
Thanks to all our family and friends for coming to support us.
There's more to come...so stay tuned!!, null, Happy Valentines Day!!! ❤️❤️, Getting a head start on Valentines Day!! 💖💖, Come warm up with coffee & a slice of chocolate espresso buttercream cake!! 
We're open today from 7-6!, Stock up on holiday treats!!
🌲🌲, Happy crew saying their goodbyes to Kushu! Thanks for your hard work!!, Come in or call us to place your special holiday orders! We have many pies, cakes, breads, and other favorites for you to bring to your Thanksgiving feast., Grab a chocolate brioche! We're at the Harvard Farmers' Market today until 4pm..., null, Great Day to come by the Mariposa booth for your sweet tooth!!, Happy Fathers Day to all you Dads! Make it a sweeter day with something from Mariposa!, Come visit us while these Pineapple Upside Down cakes last!!, Union Sq Farmers Market., Stop by for a slice of vanilla glazed chocolate chip cake!!, Union Square Farmers Market 
Come visit us!, We'll be closed today so come visit us tomorrow when we reopen for Presidents Day from 8-6!, There's still time to treat yourself to raspberry lemon curd 💛 bars! We're open until 6 tonight!!, Horace the Honeyman is taking care of business!, Come on in and treat yourself to some delicious baked goodies! ( and join the Wi-Fi republic), Pick up an irresistible blackberry ginger hand pie!, German chocolate cake...ready for consumption!!, We'll be open Thanksgiving Day from 9-4...come pick up a slice of our delicious caramel frosted sweet potato pecan cake!! Among other tasty treats..., Maria baked all night to get these scrumptious pies out to the last Union Square Farmers Market of the season! Don't miss out!!, Very nice Saturday Market despite some rain....only a few more left!, Our Market Team!!!, Come see us today at the Watertown Farmers Market at The Arsenal 

Excited that these folks will be there too!!!!
 https://www.facebook.com/ChopChopMagazine
, We are in full-on Summer mode right now with Farmers Markets 3 Days a week and our Brand New Air Conditioning System working very well inside the Bakery in the Summer Heat!
Farmers Markets....
-Saturday  9am-1pm   Union Square, Somerville
-Tuesday   12 Noon-6pm   Harvard Yard near Oxford St
-Thursday  3pm-7 pm    Watertown, Arsenal at Athena Health, Happy Fathers Day weekend to all the good Dads out there! Come visit us at the Union Square Farmers Mkt. Sat am or just stop by the bakery for some treats!, We are very Excited to be a part of this new market! Looking forward to seeing our regular customers and all of our friends who work at Athena Health in Watertown!!!
, We kicked off the Farmers Market season this past Saturday 5/17 in Union Square. A rainy start didn't put a damper on things. Somerville was also rocking thanks to "PorchFest and Dancing in the Streets Return to Somerville for 2014"....
 Come see us every Saturday in Union Square Somerville from 9am-1pm. More market info to come!!!, http://www.myfoxboston.com/video?clipId=10046327&autostart=true
Boston Bakes for Breast Cancer begins this week. Come in and show your support. This years Boston Bakes is dedicated to the memory of Ella Mermelstein. , We are getting excited for Spring!!  Farmers markets @Unionsquare in #Somerville  and Harvard Farmers' Markets...it goes without saying that it has been a long Winter. Come in and check out the fresh look and new colors, The new bar stools are in!, http://boston.eater.com/archives/2014/03/13/chez-henri-will-pop-up-monthly-at-mariposa-bakery.php, null, Chez Henri Cubanos Are BACK! For a limited time this Thursday, March 6. Chef Paul O'Connell will be dishing up his famous Cuban Sandwiches between 4-8 pm or until he runs out. We had to turn away alot of people this past Friday for the Pop-up and Paul has the fixings for Cuban sandwiches so..eat-in or take-out! 
Another Full on Pop-up dinner with Chez Henri is in the works for March 16. Stay tuned for more details!, http://boston.eater.com/archives/2014/01/29/chez-henri-is-popping-up-at-mariposa-bakery.php

Mariposa Bakery is very excited to host Chez Henri's Pop Up event! Don't miss out!!

, http://instagram.com/p/ezfVo5C1tM/, https://www.facebook.com/flufffestival 
 Join us at the fluff fest extravaganza in Union Square!, Happy 4th of July! We're open until 3pm today...come visit & treat yourself to a slice of raspberry almond pie!!, null, null, null, null, Coming soon for Boston Bakes For Breast Cancer: Donuts w fresh strawberry glaze! Available May 6-12!, Come in & see Mariposa's newest addition...our red 16 oz mug for your early morning kick!, Come enjoy a slice of our delicious Banana Pistachio Cake w Rosewater Glaze!, null, Be the next artist to have a show at Mariposa Bakery! It's easy, just submit information to art.mariposabakery@gmail.com! We will even throw you a reception party. Not bad, eh?, Pumpkin spice cake w chocolate chips & cinnamon glaze!!, null, Mariposa baker extraordinaire - Emma! With levitating choc chip cake... #bakery #bostonfood — with Emma Ozment., We are open on Thanksgiving Day! Come in between 9am and 4pm and pick up any of our decadent holiday pies...along with a steamed Apple Chaider or a Pumpkin Spice Latté! Have a wonderful holiday and we hope to see you all soon!, Don't forget Ben Exter's Reception Party tonight, 5-7! Drinks and snacks will be served alongside the wonderful photography and paintings., Tomorrow looks like a great day for a Farmers Market! 12-6 on 26 Oxford Street. We will have Iced coffee, the weather is still permitting!, We're open today til 6pm! Enjoy your day off, let us make you some food, or your late morning coffee!, We have two special cakes today! Buttercream frosted Lemon Pound Cake, and a Chocolate and Caramel Cream Pie! And what could be cooler on a hot day than Avocado Cucumber Gazpacho?!, End of August Blues
Mariposa's Here to Stay
Baked Goods Cheer You Up. 
-A Haiku, on Farmers Market, tomorrow 12-6
by barista/sandwich maker, Jake, What's on the menu for the Farmer's Market tomorrow (12-6 26 Oxford Street)? Curry Chicken Sandwiches, Gluten Free Financiers, Iced Tea and more! We are having a lucky streak with the weather, so take advantage of it!, Tomorrow, 12-6 Mariposa will be at Harvard Farmers Market! We will have sandwiches and pastries, in addition to good weather!, Today's specials: Lemon Mate Iced Tea and Asian Sesame Salad (w/ chicken, cabbage and noodles served on a bed of greens)., Artist reception party tonight 5-7! Wine and snacks will be served! Join us!, Rain, rain go away; come to Mariposa for a Chai Latte., Today's daily soup: Chilled Tomato/Peach Gazpacho! A surprising medley of wonderful flavors!, We made a bunch of new friends today who signed up for LevelUp! Thank you for using LevelUp. For those of you who dont know about this, check it , New show up by John Engstrom...More details about reception party to follow..., Did someone say Strawberry Shortcake?, Support Boston Bakes for Breast Cancer at Mariposa Bakery! There is plenty of Double Chocolate Strawberry Bread Pudding to go around!, Our contribution to this years Boston Bakes for Breast Cancer is our yummy Strawberry Chocolate Chip Bread Pudding! We would love your support, May 7th-13th!, Level Up is here! It's fast, easy and you get rewarded when you're done!, For any of you Level Up fans, we will be going live with them sometime in the next few days! Keep an eye out for us!, Soup of the day...Tomato and chunky vegetable! Is your mouth watering yet?, Yummy!, A "happy" accident!, Shake off your St. Patty's Day blues w/ a homemade turkey sausage egg & cheese breakfast sandwich!, Our breakfast special is now permanent! Homemade turkey sausage w egg& cheese and homemade roasted tomato pesto., Pecan coconut mini bunt w/ coconut cream cheese icing!, Lunch Special: 1/2 Tuna or Curry Chicken Salad Sandwich w/ side salad and pretzel/bagel chips, $5.50., Last call for breakfast orders! Specials today are French toast w/ caramelized apples, and a homemade turkey sausage on egg & cheese sando!, Chocolate cupcakes w/ orange vanilla & cardamom buttercream frosting! Yum., Special: Marinated Portobello Mushroom Sandwich w/ Pesto Aioli, Mozzarella, Tomato, and Greens!, Lemon Cranberry Pound Cake w Lemon Glaze! Taste tested and barista approved!, Lemon cranberry poundcake w lemon glaze! Taste tested and Batista approved!, Today's special: Pizza! Herbed ricotta, roasted tomatoes, and arugula; or tomato sauce, mozzarella and arugula!, Today's special! Come and get it!, null, Pizzas just came out of oven: marinated chicken, herbed ricotta, roasted tomato, olives & mozzarella!, One hour and fifteen minute countdown to get your breakfast sandwich on our homemade bagels! Wake up wake up!, Just baked off a fresh batch of cherry almond biscotti! The touch of orange zest is really making my mouth water!, Lunch special: Marinated Chicken Skewers w/ mixed green side salad & yogurt mint dressing., Lunch special: 1/2 sandwich w/ side mixes green salad and pretzel/bagel chips...$5.00! (turkey or hummus only today), Breakfast special: homemade sausage & roasted tomato pesto egg & cheese sandwich served on bagel or toast., Rainy day special: Chocolate Rose. It's our homemade Hot Chocolate (or mocha) with a Rosewater simple syrup., todays special: http://t.co/uL4tWTN9, Today's special: Hummus platter w feta/carrot slaw, homemade pretzel & bagel chips, and olives., Brrrrrring yourself to Mariposa! We have hot drinks that will help you deny that winter has actually begun., These guys wanna hang out with you for the holidays! Don't leave 'em hanging....., Order your pies and other treats for the holidays! Add a bag of freshly roasted Square One coffee beans to top off your party!, null, Calling all artists! Send your art to art.mariposabakery@gmail. It's your chance to show off on our walls.  (local art makes great gifts!), We had another Square One coffee and espresso training! Come on in and find out what we learned! Share your feedback tell us what your favorite roast is., It's time for mint! Try out our Mint Fog. It's a nice way to relax, made w/ herbal Greek Mint Tea and steeped in steamed milk., Just a reminder to take advantage of this lovely weather! Skip out of your work or class schedule to get a quick bite or drink here! We have a new special almost everyday!, Hope everyone worked up an appetite shopping today! We will be open tomorrow from 9-5!, We're open 9am to 3pm tomorrow. Get your breakfast and lunch before your head to your gathering with one of our scrumptious pies!, We're open til 8 tonight and still have extra pumpkin pies, pumpkin cranberry cake and many more pastries! Stock up for tomorrow!, Our Sweet Potato Pies went out today to Pie in the Sky! Be a supporter. Buy a pie. http://t.co/qF5Ouw9k, Today is the last day to order! Get in your order before 8pm tonight and you will be able to relax all day on Thursday!http://www.facebook.com/notes/mariposa-bakery/holiday-order-menu/288850671149888?ref=nf, Sweet Potato Pie! Our special recipe made with a touch of pineapple and coconut! Yummmm., Holiday Order Menu, Our special holiday order menu is out! Come in and fill out yours today! You may see some new items, for a limited time only., We're getting ready for the holidays with new treats for you and your friends/family....this includes pies, cakes, pastries and more! Come in and check out our new Holiday Menu!, It's a little belated, but Happy Halloween!, Sandwich Special: Grilled Marinated Portobello Mushrooms, w/ pesto aioli, red onions, mozzarella and mesclun greens. Perfect fall comfort food., Pumpkin Pie. That's right. Get some!, Pumpkin Spice Lattes are back!, It's getting cold out. Dont worry we can warm up your palate and spirits! Mexican Hot Chocolates, Pumpkin Lattes with whipped cream and Hot Apple Cider with cinnamon!, Free Coffee for anyone who has a picture of our sign board! We're looking for any memorable quotes. Free Sandwich for anyone who has the best one., The fall is about to set in, so we got prepared for all of those Spicy Chai and Mint Mocha drinkers....Add some fresh homemade vanilla whipped cream to that! Made with the best tasting cream from High Lawn!, Special: Mediterranean Vegetable Salad, with roasted eggplant, sundried tomatoes, olives, shaved fennel,  and a mint yogurt dressing on a bed of greens., Welcome back Harvard students! We're happy to see you again, and to start off your new semester we have sandwiches at our Harvard Farmers Market, every Tuesday 12-6! That's right, you can enjoy delicious Turkey, Curry Chicken, Hummus and Tuna sandwiches on our famous PRETZTEL ROLLS, and never have to leave campus!, Homemade Meatloaf Sandwich w caramelized onions, greens, and optional cheese!, Angela sold sandwiches today at the Harvard Farmers Market! She didn't realize there were so many hungry people out there! There will be many more next Tuesday, so save your appetites., Flavor your Arnold Palmer Day....add pomegranate, mango or raspberry!, specials today: Jamaican Jerk Chicken sandwich w greens & tomato; and Mint LemonLimeade w fresh squeezed juices and fresh mint., We support bicycle benefits! If you don't have a sticker yet, get one here!, Cool down w a Lemon Mate Iced Tea, lightly sweetened with honey!, LUNCH SPECIAL: Grilled Marinated Portobello Sandwich w/ herbed ricotta, tomatoes. and mixed greens., Marinated Grilled Chicken Skewer w/ tabouleh, carrot slaw, and mint yogurt dressing.....lunch special today only!, We are currently seeking a new baker and a few more baristas! act now.....mariposabakery@gmail.com, We are currently seeking a new baker and a few new baristas.....feel free to email us or send your hardest working friends this way. mariposabakery@gmail.com, Chilled Avocado Gazpacho. It's real cool., uh, huh! Iced caffeine!, We are open until 8 tonight and 8am to 3pm tomorrow. There is still time to order a cake or pie for your big party plans...., See you tonight at the Taste of Cambridge!, Get you tickets now for the Taste of Cambridge! They will sell out.....We are very excited to be a participant this year! Your support will be greatly appreciated. And for those of you who know our food, we will have a few new special treats!, Tomorrow kicks off our 5th year at the Harvard Farmer's Market! We can't wait to see our old, and new, friends. Haavahd Yaahd, in front of the Sanders Theater and Science building, 12pm-6pm! See you there.....
, Farmer's Markets are here! We are attending the Waltham Market on Saturdays, and as our 5th year at Harvard on Tuesdays! We are also up online if you can't get out to either one, check out Dig It Local!    http://www.facebook.com/diggitlocal , Memorial Day weekend was amazing! Let's hope it stays that amazing outside! We are so ready for outdoor seating now, and you wont have to feel guilty sitting indoors! Come out, come out!, Tonight 5-7! Reception show! Don't miss it....Champagne Floats, Wine, and Yummy Snacks for All!, Check out our new featured artist! More details to follow...., This week's featured drink specials: Lemon Mate Iced Tea, made with a touch of honey! Yerba Mate (pronounced ma tay), is strongly vegetal, herbal, and grassy, reminiscent of some varieties of green tea. Perfect for the coming of spring...., Soup of the day: Roasted Red Pepper and Eggplant! A vegans delight!, I can't get enough of Q's Cayenne Mango Almonds! This sweet and spicy treat is a perfect afternoon snack for this overcast day., Get on over here and Root Down, rooibos iced tea style. This special iced tea features Native American roots such as sarsparilla, sassafras, ginseng, and licorice. Brewed fresh with a touch of honey to please your taste buds all around., What do you get when you combine your 4 favorite local businesses? THE WHITE ROSE TEA LATTE! Mem Tea's Rose Cascarilla (infused with Taza Chocolate Cacoa), steamed with High Lawn Farm's Milk, and a splash of vanilla love by a Mariposa barista.         http://www.tazachocolate.com/store/Products/rosetea, We are very proud and excited to introduce to you a very delicious, healthy and sustainable milk from High Lawn! http://www.facebook.com/pages/High-Lawn-Farm/277933948752, Black Bean Soup with Turkey Sausage! We're trying to fool the winter into thinking that its ok to still be around...., Winter Warmer Apple Cider! Steamed cider with cinnamon and cayenne...., Homemade veggie burgers for lunch! Add some chipotle aioli to this delicious sammy to make your hump day a success!, null, Come into bakery tomorrow to get your sweetheart some sweet treats. Heart shaped cookies and cheese cake with raspberries! We also sell gift cards!, French Toast with Banana and Maple Syrup!, Breakfast Special this week: French Toast, made with our homemade bread and cinnamon, sprinkled with powdered sugar!, We are closed today due to the weather. Sorry for any inconvenience. Silly snow, when will you stop?, If you're in Central Square, you can understand this cartoon more than anyone....Mariposa's Mexican Hot Chocolate: Homemade hot chocolate with cinnamon and cayanne! Caution, will warm you up on a cold day!, We're looking for artists to hang their art on our lovely brick walls. There is no fee, and a reception party is a must! Submit at least 8 jpeg images, artist statement/bio, and the dimensions of the pieces to art.mariposabakery@gmail.com.  Also visit http://www.facebook.com/profile.php?id=100000913183110., New Menu Boards... and YES, there are NEW options! , The storm is on its way....Grab a Mexican Hot Chocolate or Mocha on your way to work if your bosses schedule doesn't concern the weather., Catering Menu, HAPPY 2011!, Before you watch the Bostock video, watch this..., Mariposa's finest... featured again, on How To Heroes! Check out Jake Leishman making delicious Bostock at the bakery!, Can you tell the difference between these two images? , You had your snow day today, but you'll be back at work tomorrow... We're here for you with plenty of Homemade Hot Chocolates, and Peppermint Mochas!, Just a heads up, we are closing early today and tomorrow, so don't delay on getting your Mariposa goodies..., If you know anyone with seasonal depression, get them a MARIPOSA GIFT CARD! It will "perk" them right up! Get them in any amount, and they never expire., null, Challah!, Is it December already? Phew! Don't get the holiday shopping blues just yet....We would love to make that delicious pie you just won't have the time for. Put in an order today! And don't show up to your next holiday party empty handed, share your favorite Square One coffee, we sell beans by the pound., We hope you had a wonderful Thanksgiving! We are so glad that we could again donate to Pie in the Sky, and thank everyone who supported Community Servings in their record breaking annual fundraising!, Today is your last day to place an order! We made a gluten free pie shell just for you, so get in your orders by 8pm tonight!, WE ARE OPEN ON THANKSGIVING!  Tuesday the 23rd is the last day to put in your pie order. Hours: Wed 7a-8p, Thurs 9a-3p, Fri CLOSED, Sat 9a-5p. Come in or call to place an order. Here is a shortened version of our menu: Pies, Quiches, Cakes, and Gluten Free options!, We have just been notified that we are in a tied position for #1 in the Boston's A List! Please vote for us!, So far Square One has been a big hit at Mariposa! I am really excited to know that when I made the order this yesterday, the roasting of the beans began only hours after we hung up the phone! We can't wait to get another freshly roasted shipment in! We are serving our very own Mariposa House Blend (dark roast), La Florida Peru (medium roast) and espresso., We have been selling so much coffee by the pound, were running out of bags! We offer it by the half or whole pound, in your choice of roast. (Ah' hem, we sell mugs too...), We are now serving Square One Coffee! Come in and get a taste of our new dark roasted blend, made especially for us, cause we know how much you all love dark roast!, High Lawn Farm is 'naturally' a fine model of farming. You can find their milk in Whole Foods, and I heard that they will be supplying Brandise University and Lesley College too! Woop Woop!, Mariposa is dedicated to supporting small business (like us), and so we have made friends with a new coffee roaster, Square One. They are fair trade, and organic, and the beans are delicious! Stay tuned, for Mariposa will be serving Lancaster Pennsylvania's best soon!, A picture is worth a thousand words, but in this case just one; PRETZEL! We rented out our space  to Ellen Callaway and her team of photographers, and as part of our deal, we commissioned her to get a gorgeous picture of our famous PRETZELS! You can find her at http://www.callawayphoto.com/., No matter where you are in the world, summer is a universal sensation. The longest days of the year, and the shortest nights make for advantageous escapades, swimming, or perhaps, taking it easy. Having experienced summer in multiple areas of North America, Traverse Robinette has been able to understand what summer means to him. His experiences, now frozen in time, emulate a timelessness that no other summer can. Come to Mariposa and experience the summer a whole lot more...We are hoping to have a slide show at the very end, so don't miss out on the fun!, Come in for some tasty fresh corn chowder today...vegies courtesy of our neighbors at the farmers market in Harvard Yard!, What would you do in 15 minutes? What would you see? See what Sam Quinn saw! About 15 Minutes on display now until July 31st!, What's going on with this heat wave! Phew, it's like Boston decided to turn the thermostat up on the steam room! Don't let it get you down though, we have some tasty and light snacks and drinks here to save you....Iced Latte ( or really Iced ANYTHING), fresh salad specials, and a cool vibe!, Hope everyone had great long weekend!  If you have any pictures of fireworks in the shape of butterflies or pies we will give you a special prize!, What's more American than fireworks on the 4th of July? (Hint: It has 3 letters and rhymes with 'why') Think Apple and Blueberry!, null, Yes! Another fine summer day to have a Farmers Market! Come visit us in the Harvard Yard market TODAY! Let us know you saw our post here and we will have a special treat just for you!, How can you deny cake on Saturday? Enjoy yourself!, null, It's Saturday, you know what that means? Amazing Croissants! Picture perfect. The only guilt you'll feel today is if you don't come and get one!, We've entered June, and for many Bostonians that means FARMER'S MARKETS! Time to get outside and buy local fresh food! Mariposa is very excited to be a part of the Harvard market for it's 4th year now, and we are hoping that you could give us some feedback. Our pretzels are always a big hit, but what else would you like to see every Tuesday? Scones, cookies, pies, seeded bread, baguettes, cakes, pizza?, Yes, we are tempting all of your senses right now...., null, Check out this article in the New York Times! http://tmagazine.blogs.nytimes.com/2010/05/10/a-new-twist-on-pretzels/?scp=2&sq=pretzel%20sandwiches&st=cse ....You don't have to be a New Yorker to get the real deal! Mariposa has been making pretzels for 6 years now, so if you have not indulged yet, please do!, Mmmm! Yes, back by popular demand, CROISSANTS are finally here. Every Saturday and Sunday we will be baking off plain, chocolate chip, and the occasional savory cheese croissant! Flaky, buttery and full of homemade love., We have a new baker in town! Well, she's back again that is. Just can't stay away I guess! Check out what she's baking! This cake came out earlier this week, so if  you like the looks of this Pecan Coconut cake w/ Cream Cheese Frosting, you won't be let down!, Last invite asking you to join the "Pix Americana" photography closing reception party on Saturday 5-7 pm. John Martino will be there with wine and his newly published book for you! Don's miss out on all the fun., Thank you to all that participated in Fair Trade Day! Hopefully the free cookies will have inspired all to regularly participate in all that is Fair Trade. Also we raised over $100 selling our delicious cupcakes for our annual donation to Boston Bakes for Breast Cancer! Now that's what we call guilt-free snacking!, Starting TODAY, AND GOING ALL WEEK, all proceeds when purchasing our LIME CUPCAKE WITH BUTTERCREAM AND TOASTED COCONUT FROSTING  will go to Boston Bakes for Breast Cancer!  http://www.facebook.com/pages/Boston-Bakes-for-Breast-Cancer/42958839450?ref=ts, Interested in organic local tea and fairly traded chocolate? Come check out a tasting event at Mariposa on Thursday the 29th 5-7pm, hosted by Slow Food Boston. Sign up today, only a few more days left!, Homemade Secret Recipes!!!!! Yes we make our own bagels and pretzels, for your pure enjoyment!!!!, null, Check out John Martino's photography show at Mariposa! For more info see Louis Daguerre's page...http://www.facebook.com/profile.php?id=100000913183110&ref=profile, 103 fans! Out of the 400 million facebook users, the average person has 120 friends, so I guess we're doing ok for our first month! Thank you for all of your support! We could not have done it without you!, null, MARIPOSA'S MULTIPLE MUG MARKETING! Come in and get yours! The long wait for the travel mug is over! $1 refills with travel mug! Life couldn't get much better!, null, Come find out what special treat we made today......It goes well with a Chai Tea Latte and it rhymes with Snapple Spy!, Boey prepares the chocolate chip scones for the day!!!, Check out Mariposa in this awesome music video made by Boston's own The 3:27s!!!!!, some baked goods 3/28/10, Come celebrate Spring at Mariposa! We are just starting to use our outdoor seating again! Have an Avocado Sandwich and a Rooibos Latte (iced or hot)!)