List(Our Front of House Operations Manager, Chris Hooper, is helping me out in the brewery today. Using those big muscles to stir the mash! Brewing another batch of Ruckus! for all you hop heads!, Come down to the brewery and try our newest offering. Introducing Isaac, our American Pale Ale made with heaps of citrusy American hops.

This beer pours a deep golden color with a small white head. Malty biscuit aromas mingle with citrusy American hops in this refreshing beer. Moderate malt flavors of biscuit and caramel seamlessly meld with judicious amounts of citrusy Cascade and Centennial hops to attack your taste buds, with a firm hop bitterness that lingers long into the finish.

Isaac is named after Captain Isaac Davis who led the Acton Minutemen into the Battle of Lexington and Concord. In this battle he was the first officer killed during the American Revolution., Cream Ale headed to the fermentor! Look for this to hit the nitro tap in about 2-3 weeks!  #nitrocreamale #drinkfresh #drinklocal #brewtruewest, Have you tried the Ruckus! American IPA yet? It may be our first IPA but it's easy to tell Russell has done this before! #MAbeer, Come down to the brewery tonight and enjoy a fantastic collaboration between us and Acton Coffee House! Tonight we have a limited supply (5 gallons) of our Irish Stout conditioned on whole Sumatran French Roast coffee beans from Acton Coffee House. Get in and get it while you can! #drinklocal #drinkfresh #ActonCoffeeHouse #coffeestout, http://www.beerco.com.au/blog/how-to-go-from-homebrewer-to-probrewer/

If you haven't had a chance to stop in and talk beer with True West's wunderkind behind the brew you gotta make it a point. 

Until then check out this interview with your very own Brewer from his time in Australia.  Gives some great insights into the method to his madness.  

Big Love!
tw, A big West West Acton welcome to Acton Coffee House.  Awesome coffee and Jake approved hot chocolate!  #drinklocal, null, Have you tried our first golden ale? The Colonial Gold is definately worth a taste! #mabeer, Happy St. Paddy's Day! Come down to the brewery and enjoy a pint of our Irish Stout on Nitro!, Chef Kevin is making some corned beef and cabbage for St. Paddy's Day! It will go great with a pint of our dry Irish Stout. We open at 4 PM tonight. There is only a limited amount, so come get some of this great Irish fare while it lasts! Sláinte!, I made another batch of Brown Ale today because you guys are destroying the serving tank at an amazing rate! :) This will be ready in a couple of weeks, so you won't be without those mahogany suds. :), Hey fans of all things Craft!  

THANK YOU!

From the entire True West family. We are truly humbled by the overwhelming welcome to our village.  We are so proud of what we have all accomplished together in this first full week of great beer, great food and great community. 

We know we have a lot of work to do and we will continue to improve and evolve over the coming weeks and months. Please keep the comment cards and feedback coming - good and critical, we need to hear it all. And we are listening.  

A couple notes for all of you following us closely:

HOURS:  True West is currently open for dinners only, opening at 4pm Wednesday through Sunday.  This is purely a function of our staffing levels and preparedness. We would rather keep to tighter hours and delight rather than open for all meals and not do you justice.  Ultimately we will be open 7 days a week for lunch and dinner and brunch on weekends.  This will grow as our staff grows.  

MENU:  Wow!  Chef Helm and his team are killing it!  Our opening menu is somewhat abbreviated and simplified, again as we look to ramp and bring our staff along to achieve and maintain the quality you all deserve and we expect of ourselves.  The menu will also grow and change rapidly over the coming weeks and months adding our famous blackboard which will change daily and include the freshest, most local ingredients we can bring you. This also means it is not all online yet, but it will be very soon.

OUR SPACE:  We opened as quickly as we could, and as such several infrastructure items are yet to be completed.  Look for improved flow, acoustical noise reduction, better feet on the doggone stools and much more as we fix what you have pointed out to us.  

TRUE WEST BREWING:  Saving the best for last - Russell has absolutely destroyed expectations with our opening lineup!  Our First Batch Brown has been a huge favorite (as it tries to do its big brother, 7th Settlement's GABF Gold Medal winning 1623 American Brown Ale justice).  The Colonial Gold has been our gateway offering, designed to ease those that are new to craft beer into the fold. But still it is a huge success, bright, crisp and delicious.  We just put our seasonal Dry Irish Stout on for St. Patrick's and will be coming out with our first IPA, Saison, Smoked Porter and Pale Ale the next 3 to 10 days.  Ultimately you will see between 7 and 10 True West brews on tap at any given time. 

Again, thanks and we can't wait to raise a pint (or a SHARE) with you soon. 

Big Love,
tw, Don't matter how you get here.  But the patio is open!  

Thanks to Villageworks for the awesome bike racks.  Come take advantage of our walk to, ride to, skate to BREWERY!, A big thank you to the Boxborough Minutemen Company! The musket salute was a fantastic start to this brewery! Alright Acton, let's have a pint!, On tap tonight for the Grand Opening: First Batch Brown!, The True West Grand Opening is going to start with a bang...literally! Join us and the Boxborough Minutemen Company for a musket salute to celebrate Acton's Community Supported Brewery., Brewing a tasty American Pale Ale at the brewery today! Smells delicious already!, Russell is working 7 days a week to get True West on tap this week.  

We will have our First Batch Brown (ABV 5.5%) on tap this week!  Now, while the recipe is modeled after 7th Settlement's GABF Gold Medal winning 1623 American Brown Ale it is done with our twist and .... It is the very first beer in our brand new facility.  

I just tasted it.  And it is EPIC!

#MABEER #drinklocal #TRUEWEST #7thsettlement, Friends, beer lovers, Actonians! The wait is (nearly) over! We are thrilled to announce our grand opening date.

Join us and the Boxborough Minutemen Company Wednesday, March 9th for a grand opening musket salute!

See you soon, Acton, Massachusetts!! #drinklocal #MAbeer, Stephen White from Roving Ewe Farm picking up our spent grain for his animals!

Here's an article about Stephen's farm from 2009!, We're bustling with busy cleaners getting everything ready!, Russell is an avid and talented brewer...you could say he really gets into it...

Don't worry. Our food and beer will be much better than our jokes!, Another team meeting getting us closer!

The brewery is up and brewing with three beers in the works...the rest is falling beautifully into place.

Can't give you a definite date yet but we'll definitely have a beer with you by St. Patrick's Day! #drinklocal #MAbeer, null, null, Spent grains going to feed some happy pigs!, Man oh man...have our Brewers been waiting to see this. 

We think maybe you have too?, West Acton Village just got a bit of a makeover!, We can't wait to cook up some food and pour some pints for the Acton Chef Challenge!, The team is assembled - time to get this place opened. Here we come, Acton!, We know you're all anxious to know what's going on! Thank you - your eagerness is a fantastic inspiration and motivation.

Nearly everything is ready to open. We are having a big meeting this week to get everyone and everything perfect for our first day of business. So, stay tuned - there's more info to come soon!!, We still have some opening for THE SHARE. They'll fill up fast so don't wait! #MAbeer, We're nearly ready to pull these chef's coats on and fire up the grills! Not long now, Acton!, We still have spots left for THE SHARE. Visit us online to learn more about investing in your Village Supported Brewery! #drinklocal, Growlers are in! Soon you'll be able to have our award winning craft beer at home! #MAbeer #drinklocal, Russell is thrilled to have our first shipment of grain! Who's ready to drink a pint of the beautiful brew it will make?, Here's another little sneak peek at True West! We're working hard to open later this winter. #MAbeer, We know many of you are wondering, "When the hops are you opening? Sheesh!" We get it. We said December, and that has come and gone.

All we can do is keep working hard and ask for your patience. We want to do right by you, Acton. And that means working long and hard to open True West with full potential. So keep your ears and eyes open. True West will open its doors before long. This winter should see beer flowing..., Give the gift of craft beer and community this holiday! The beer lover in your life will thank you all year for a membership to THE SHARE. *If you invest in THE SHARE before we open you're membership will be good for a whole extra month! That's 13 months of craft beer.* Visit our site for more info! #MAbeerhttp, Before long these walls will be filled with good times and great beer! #MAbee, Owner, Pete Henry helping to get the brewery ready for you! #MAbeer, Ready to invest in THE SHARE? We'll be at the brewery from 10am-7pm Tuesday-Thursday until 12/23. Stop by, say hello and sign up for THE SHARE!, We're opening later this December and the brewery is already looking great! Can't wait to open. #drinklocalMA, We'll be at the brewery until 6 tonight if anyone is so inclined to invest in THE SHARE. Further scheduling to come - keep an eye out!

And for those of you who want to know more about THE SHARE, visit www.brewtruewest.com

#drinklocalMA, Some of the wonderful people making True West a possibility: Co-Owner: Matt Henry, 7th Settlement Brewery Co-Founder: Dave Boynton, Master Brewer: Josh Henry, and Co-Owner: Pete Henry.

They're hard at work getting True West ready for you, Acton!, Still looking for the perfect gift for the craft beer lover in your life? Look no further! A membership to THE SHARE is the drinkable gift that gives all year long. #drinklocalMA, True West is opening later this December! Here's a sneak peek at our nearly finished space. Who's ready for craft beer? #MAbeer, Give the gift of craft beer and community this holiday! The craft beer lover in your life relish a membership to THE SHARE from True West. #drinklocalMA, We're hard at work getting ready for a grand opening! Just a few finishing touches and the beer will be flowing. Tell your friends, True West is coming late december. #mabeer, True West is holding open interviews from 3-6pm, Monday the 23rd through Friday the 27th (excluding Thanksgiving). Bartenders, servers and hosts close to Acton, MA - bring a résumé to the brewery. We'd love to meet you! Visit www.brewtruewest.com to learn more about us and to find directions., Amazing serving tanks from Tigpro-Stainless Fabrication? Check. Let's get to brewing, Acton! #MAbeer, Catch a documentary film screening and discussion upstairs (above the soon-to-be True West) in The Gallery at West Acton Villageworks on Sunday, November 8th at 6pm.

Presented by pollinate creative, all proceeds will be going to One Common Unity., This fine Tigpro-Stainless Fabrication steel is all getting ready to come through our doors! Can't wait to break them in. #MABEER, In case you haven't heard, our brother brewery, 7th Settlement Brewery just won a Gold Medal at the Great American Beer Festival for our 1623 Almighty Brown Ale!

Soon enough you'l have a pint of your own right in Acton!, We have found the secret to transforming sunlight into beer...just work with West Acton Villageworks. #MAbeer #NHbeer #solarbeer, Locally sourced food, handcrafted beer, Acton community. It's all coming this fall! #MAbeer #NHbeer, We're hard at work getting ready to open this fall. Farm to table food and craft beer is just around the corner, Acton!, Our beer won't taste or look green...but it is! That's because it's being brewed with solar power! Thanks, West Acton Villageworks for making solar powered beer possible. #MAbeer #NHbeer #solarbeer, Lots of excitement at the market today!, A little before and after from this past winter...our deck (and the rest of the brewery) is coming along great! See you this fall! #MAbeer #NHbeer, In partnership with West Acton Villageworks we brew with the power of the sun! Look for our grand opening this fall. #MAbeer #NHbeer #solarbeer, Don't buy beer from strangers! We'll be making that possible with fine craft brews this fall! #MAbeer #NHbeer, Did you know that your Master Brewer and founders of your Village Supported Brewery are ABRHS classes of '90, '94 and '97?   #ABbredandbrewed #brewtruewest #7thbrewing #MABEER #NHBEER, Working with West Acton Villageworks, we're able to brew beer powered by a roof-full of solar panels!

Get a taste of solar powered beer this Fall!, Beautiful day for Acton's hometown
Master Brewer Josh Henry to be cutting the kettle vent pipe into your brewery.  #MABEER #NHBEER #7thBrewing #brewtruewest, Brother breweries shaping up!, null, Our brewery is under fabrication!  Jake and his serving tanks.  Getting ready to fill them with West Acton's finest!, null, null, null, null)