List(null, null, Dear friends,

It has been many months since Biryani Park closed, and we've missed you all very much. Now, at long last, I have found a new location in Cambridge at Curry N Wok, 2378 Mass Ave Cambridge.

We will open our kitchen tomorrow night, Tuesday August 19, to welcome all our old friends to our new home. Come visit us at Curry N Wok between 6 and 9 to try out our new menu of South Indian treats.

We hope to see you soon.

Sincerely,
 Premila, here you go. we are back from Wednesday 20th August 2014., That Summer flew by quickly! Nice day today though. Hope you're getting out to check out some early foliage.

Thank you, by the way, for your tremendous support for our food trucks over the Summer. We're looking into accommodating your new location requests in the coming months. We will keep you posted.

We have a request for you. What foods can we source locally through Fall and Winter? Can you recommend a CSA (Community Supported Agriculture) program or a farmer who follows healthy and sustainable practices? We are looking into applying traditional South Indian/Srilankan cooking practices to locally available vegetables. (Yes, some of that will be experimental but we can be our own guinea pigs so you don't have to be;-)), FYI : Due to a wedding party, the restaurant (Biriyani park) will be opening only on Thursday., .., Live far from Biryani Park? Want to enjoy our delicious food available to you anyway? We have been approved to operate one more food truck! We're currently in the process of choosing a location. Let us know if there is space in your neck of the woods to park out truck, say on a Sunday afternoon, and serve food to your neighbors (and you:)). 

We take great pride in making sure the food is fresh, healthy and tasty. These days, it's hard to go out and find food that is not GMO, does not involve industrialized meat, does not involve animal and worker abuse. Spare yourself all that bad karma, and eat food prepared from fresh local ingredients. Plenty of vegetarian options.

Summer is the time to enjoy fresh local vegetables. Don't miss the opportunity!, Food is essential to life. Mother nature knows how to provide for us. We don't need any mega multi-national corporation to manufacture food.

At Biryani Park, we believe in starting from scratch. Although South Asian cuisine is intricate and complex in its ways, requiring considerable effort and care, the reward is accordingly high: delicious and healthy.

Come dine with us. Have a refreshing drink of buttermilk (think of it as drinkable homemade yogurt) or watermelon juice to cool down. Go for a walk in the Fells or one of the smaller nearby parks. Or go to the beach (Northshore beaches are not too far from here - Revere, Crane Beach, Singing Beach and Parker River State Park on Plum Island) for a swim.

Whatever you do, get out and get some sun. Don't forget the sunscreen (or try coconut oil - a natural sunscreen)., Did you all enjoy the solstice? How about that supermoon? 

Well, it's officially Summer. Time to chill and check out the outside world. Any outing today? Include us in your itinerary. Good food goes with good times. Can you believe the cuisine you experience at Biryani Park comes from a tropical place? It does. Spicy food in hot weather? You better believe it :)

Luckily, hot pepper isn't the only spice. The land of spice has many other, all adding taste and healthy goodness to the food. You can always cool down with a nice glass of watermelon juice, buttermilk or lassi. See you soon!, Eat healthy. Eat food made from fresh ingredients every day. Vote for Biryani Park food truck to support a small local establishment that believes food is for our nourishment, joy and long-term health.

Time 11am - 3pm the following days:

Monday Charlestown Navyyard, Charlestown
Tuesday Belvedere Street at Prudential (near the Christian Science Center fountain), Boston
Wednesday Milk and Kilby Street, Boston
Thursday Belvedere Street at Prudential (near the Christian Science Center fountain), Boston 
Saturday Belvedere Street at Prudential (near the Christian Science Center fountain), Boston

http://boston.cityvoter.com/biryani-park-food-truck/biz/660384, Dear all, Voting is now open to you to nominate your Favorite Food truck.

Boston A list help  businesses you love win and discover new places from friends and local experts.

As you all know we have an excellent restaurant in Malden and we also recently initiated the food truck to bring the south Indian and Sri Lankan food close to people in the streets of Boston. 

Thank you all for your amazing support for the last two years  and without your support this would have not been possible.     

We are currently at 6th place. Help us to become #1!!! :)  

Here is the link to the page where you can vote for us,   http://boston.cityvoter.com/biryani-park-food-truck/biz/660384, http://boston.cityvoter.com/MyBusiness/Social#
vote us please, Summer time! In the Northern Hemisphere, at least.

When you come in, ask Chris or Srini for a glass of buttermilk ('more' in Tamil, the mother-tongue of most of the staff) to help cool down.

Did you know we are a mom & pop shop? Actually, more like a mom shop. She and her staff are like a family, and this is their only  'business.' As a patron of Biryani Park, you are participating in local economy, which is one of the pillars of sustainable economy.

Speaking of sustainability, you may not have heard of some custom services we offer to help support the reduction of garbage that goes to landfills. You can bring your own containers for your take-away and catering orders, and we will use them instead of  throw-away containers. Ask when you call.

Healthy Diet! Happy Summer :), null, Health is wealth. That timeless saying is always on our minds, when we cook for you. The south asian cooking tradition has plenty of lessons built into it, for our long-term well-being and healing from illnesses that result from imbalance of nutrition. 

On this gorgeous Spring Sunday, come join us for brunch. We serve various vegetarian dishes and some select meat dishes (chicken and fish) cooked to perfection from scratch.

Eat and go for a nice stroll in one of the parks nearby. There are many within 5-10 minutes drive near us -- there's one very likely on your way home. (Don't forget your sunscreen:)), Brunch time at Biryani Park. Chef Veera has served up a delicious bunch of mouth-watering dishes flavored with select spices from the motherland of all spices , India.

If you end up eating so much that you succumb to food coma, we can bring you back to life with a strong Indian coffee or chai. ;-)

Eat healthy! Eat slow!, Hi all,

Happy Sunday! Hope you are out and about enjoying the bright sun. Hope to see you soon at Biryani Park. Come add some spice to your life at Biryani Park. Time for a healthy dish with fresh spring vegetables, don't you think? 

For those meat lovers among us, we server meat too: chicken and goat. Marinated in spices and mouthwatering., Come and join us in our relaxed and informal surroundings to taste our 
Spectacular weekend buffet, featuring a splendid array of authentic
South~Indian  and Sri~Lankan cuisine at its very best.

Our buffet caters to all tastes. With both vegetarian and meat-based 
South Asian specialties, everyone will find items they love! You will
be amazed by the selection of exotic and unusual organic fresh food prepared
in our own little kitchen at Biryani Park in Malden.

Priced at $19.99+tax per person, our weekend buffet is an exceptional
value and not to be missed., Come and join us in our relaxed and informal surroundings to taste our

spectacular weekend buffet, featuring a splendid array of authentic
South Indian and Sri Lankan cuisine at its very best.
Our buffet caters to all tastes. With both vegetarian and meat-based

South Asian specialities, everyone will find items they love! You will
be amazed by the selection of exotic and unusual organic fresh food prepared
in our own little kitchen at Biryani Park in Malden.
Priced at $19.99+tax per person, our weekend buffet is an exceptional
value and not to be missed.                                                            
 
                                                                                                                         Starting on May 11th 2012
 
Friday/Saturday Night 6:00pm to 9:00 pm.

Saturday NOON 12:pm to 3:00pm.

Sunday NOON 12:pm to 3:00 pm)