List('Creation' wishes you and yours a very Happy Easter!, One of our top sellers!  The LIME AVOCADO SALAD 
~ mesclun mix, plum tomatoes, red onion, tortilla chips, avocado, fresh lime squeeze, peppers, roasted sunflower seeds, feta, zesty orange vinaigrette (suggested protein add on: roasted salmon) ~, PROSCIUTTO & FIG PIZZA
Prosciutto, sweet fig jam, arugula, gorgonzola, 
caramelized onions & balsamic glaze, FRIDAY is PIZZA NIGHT!  
Check out the delicious pizza one of our customers just created!
Come on down and create yours!, Have you tried one of the CREATION Signature Pizzas yet?  Take a look at this amazing selection of pizzas cooked in our imported Italian 800 degree stone oven!  Don't see one that suits you?  Then go ahead and create your own!!!, Lime Avocado Salad, Tired of bringing the same dessert every year to your New Year's Eve party?  We hear ya! Switch it up this year and arrive with our CREATION DESSERT PIZZA! This delectable combination of Nutella, caramel sauce, strawberries, bananas and marscapone cheese will please everyone!, No plans for New Year's Eve yet? Problem solved!  Come join us at the Common Market!  Click on the link below to check out  our New Year's Eve menu and call to make a reservation today!   617-773-9532

http://www.commonmarketrestaurants.com/menus_pdf/holiday.pdf, Still don't know what you're serving this week?  Let us help with that!  Why not order from our Holiday Take & Bake Menu?  We cook it.......you serve it!!!  Call today - 617-472-9464, Friday night is Pizza Night!  Check out the awesome pizzas we have at Creation or better yet, come in and 'create' your own!!

http://www.commonmarketrestaurants.com/menus_pdf/creation_menu.pdf, Need a dessert for a holiday party and don't want to serve the same old thing this year?  You'll be the hit of the party when you bring The Creation Dessert Pizza!  The incomparable combination of Nutella, caramel sauce, strawberries, bananas and marscapone cheese will have your guests begging for more! Come to think of it........you'd better get two!, CREATION is officially open and you've got to come in and check it out!  
Take a look at the awesome items on our menu!  Can't decide?  That's ok!  You can even create your own personalized pizza or salad!

http://www.commonmarketrestaurants.com/menus_pdf/creation_menu.pdf, closing in our our initial week of business...it's been great to finalize our systems and tweak things so we can be fast and consistent salads and pizzas!, Well..we ran out of dough tonite (at the end of the night)..good problem I guess, null, Menu testing, Testing this dessert pizza again..I think we have this one down..time to finalize our salads!, null, null, Dessert pizza..nutella, bananas,strawberries, caramel, marcarspone cheese, powered sugar...yum, null, Hoping  to test our new concept next week and open soon..we're excited..its pretty cool)