List(Happy #FRIDI FIDI!
ELLENA lets us know how to get revved up for her class and tells us something you'd never guess expect from this RENEGADE...

FIDI: For those of us that need a jolt of energy before tapping it back, where is your favorite cup of coffee (or green juice) in FIDI?
E: I NEED that jolt of energy sometimes as well! My go to's are the cold brew at Blue Spoon (always black) on the corner of Platt & William or if I’m feeling fancy I head on over to Juice Generation right underneath us and grab a Mr. Greengenes + energy kick (a blend of matcha, yerba mate and some other miracle energizers!)

FIDI: What’s something that we would never know about you?
E: I am a HUGE nerd. I was Pre-Med in college and in another life would be a neurosurgeon. Also, I got The Lord of the Rings box set when I was 13 and cried from happiness. 

Check her out TUESDAY/THURSDAY 12:15pm or WEDNESDAY/FRIDAY 4:30pm!, Are you ready to WORK IT this weekend? SANTRON will leave you feeling HAPPY as he leads the pack with a MISSY ELLIOT vs. PHARRELL ride on Sunday (4/3)! Join us at 11:45am and come find the FREEDOM to GET YOUR FREAK ON and finish the weekend strong!, ANNA is rocking our latest tank that hit the studio this morning! #onwednesdayswewearsoul #SOULstyle

How do you feel after leaving a SoulCycle class? LEGEND? WARRIOR? ALL OF THE ABOVE? Comment below and let us know :), Looking for some more SAMANTHA J. in your life? We got you covered.

Join her for the cardio party:

Tues/Thurs @ 7:30pm
Friday @ 8am *New!*
Saturday @ 11:45am

<3, HAPPY #FRIDI FIDI!
Today we got to sit down with our ROCKSTAR instructor ELLENA to learn a little more about her and what she's asking from her riders!
Make sure to grab a bike in her TUESDAY/THURSDAY 12:15pm or WEDNESDAY/FRIDAY 4:30pm!

FIDI: What are you asking your riders to bring to your class?
E: An open mind and a “can do, will do” attitude. Life is tough but so are you, so fight like hell for what your soul aches for. 

FIDI: When was the moment you first knew your were SOUL obsessed?
E: I knew pretty early on in my Soul adventure that I was in love with this company. There were so many times in class that I felt like the instructor was talking straight to my soul and I would have a huge breakthrough and start sobbing on the bike like a weirdo, feeling just so unbelievably happy and alive. I knew I was obsessed when I got into training to be an instructor. I have never worked harder for anything in my entire existence. I rode all day every day. I was sore and exhausted and overwhelmed but I wanted it more then anything. I chose it and I fought for it and I was completely and utterly encompassed by SOUL and all that it stands for., Our retail will literally allow you to form these shapes with your body #onwednesdayswewearsoul #soulstyle #resultsmayvary, Calling all ROXstars!

It's Roxie's 1-year teaching SOULiversary and we are "Crazy in Love"! 

Join us this Saturday (3/26) at 12:45pm, as we ride in #formation to BEYONCE and celebrate our #fierce and #flawless Roxie!, We have FIDI hoodies! 
Stop by the studio to grab yours before they are FI-BYE!
#SOULstyle, Looking to heat things up before the weekend? 

Join the CARDIO PARTY with SAMANTHA J. every Friday at 8AM, starting 3/25!

You don't want to miss this., Sunday nights at SOUL FIDI are about to be EPIC.

We are so excited to announce that Sam will be teaching a SOUL SURVIVOR class every Sunday at 6pm!

Join us, beginning next Sunday (3/27), as we tap it back for 60 MINUTES and end your weekend on a high note!, #tbt to this year's SuperBowl when #LadyGaga slayed our National Anthem and #Coldplay rocked it out on stage during Half-Time!

Feeling Nostalgic? Ellena is leading the pack tomorrow afternoon (3/18)  for a special LADY GAGA vs. COLDPLAY ride at 4:30pm!

Ready. Set. Hut., On Wednesdays we wear SOUL...and pink #namethatmovie

Check out the newest retail in this month's collection before it's gone! 

Happy Hump Day, FIDI!, #tbt to Anna's cardio party birthday celebration last Saturday! 

We are also SOUL thankful to have even MORE Anna on our schedule, starting this week!

Come check out Anna's added classes on Tues./Thurs. nights at 5:30pm at SOUL FIDI! 

See you on a bike soon!, On Wednesdays we wear Soul! Here is our instructor Chris Cohen looking out over #fidi wearing some of new newest collection. #soulstyle

Come check out his classes on Monday, Wednesdays and Fridays at 12:15, at 4:30 on Mondays and at 8:30 AM on Sundays!, Happy Friday, Soul FIDI!

We have exciting news: Even more ANNA at FIDI!

In addition to her regular schedule at FIDI, she will now be teaching on Tuesday/Thursday nights at 5:30pm!

Come tap it back with Anna, Monday through Saturday at FIDI!!

(Don't miss out -- EASY DOESN'T CHANGE YOU.), On Wednesdays we wear SOUL!

We are loving the Gregory Siff x SoulCycle collab for this month's retail collection #SOULstyle

Come see how #artmeetsoul this week at Soul FIDI!, You don't have to "Wait for It"...

Join us for a Hamilton: A Hip-Hop Musical Ride, THIS Sunday (3/6) at 2:30pm with Ellena! 

"Don't Give Away Your SPOT" and get ready to tap it back to some of the show's best beats! 

...You'll leave "Satisfied"..., null, SoulCycle FIDI is SO excited to welcome LOVE to our schedule, starting next Tuesday, 3/1, at 6:30pm! 

Check out Love's #fierce classes in FIDI on Tuesday/Thursday nights at 6:30pm and Sunday mornings at 10:45am!

Have a great weekend, SoulCycle!, We love it when members of our #fidifamily stop by all together! Here they are after Chris Cohen's class yesterday! 
Family. Community. Cardio. DONE., Where are Ü...going to be tomorrow night?!

Roxie will be starting the party with a JUSTIN BIEBER Vs. DIPLO ride at 5:30pm in FIDI!

"Let's keep each other Company" and ride into the weekend strong! We hope you'll "Be Right There"!, "Don't act like you forgot"...

Santron is leading the pack for a RIHANNA vs. KANYE WEST ride tomorrow at 8AM! 

Get ready to "work work work work work"..."cause it can only make you stronger!"

See you there, SOUL FIDI!, We LOVE our FIDI SOULmates, Michael and Matthew Weiss! So happy to have you as part of our FIDI family :), Come spend your Valentine's Day weekend at SoulCycle FIDI!
We have two special theme rides for you:
Taylor Swift VS Ex's TODAY at 4:30 PM with Ellena 
AND
Beyonce & Rihanna on VALENTINE'S DAY 2/14 at 10:45 AM with Roxie! 
Lets spread the love - on a bike!, Happy Hump Day, SOUL Athletes and Superstars!
Join us tomorrow for TWO amazing Theme Rides at SoulCycle FIDI! Beyonce vs. Jay Z with Santron at 8AM and Fleetwood Mac with Noa at 5:30 PM! Come dance and rock it out with us on a bike!, Happy Friday, Rockstars!

This SUNDAY, let's celebrate all of the SOULmates in your life by bringing them to SOUL FIDI! 

Bring a new rider to class and their first ride is on us! Call the studio to book today! <3, We are in LOVE with the LOVE AT FIRST RIDE February collection. Come check it out at SoulCycle FIDI! 

Love. Fashion. Done., Good morning, SOUL FIDI!

Did you know that Sia is dropping her new album THIS week?! 

Come celebrate her album release with Ellena this Friday, 1/29, at 4:30pm and tap it back to some of Sia's hottest new tunes!

Have a great week, Rockstars! See you Friday!, Get to know the rockstars on our FIDI team!, We caught Roxie and Sam Y. at FIDI at the studio this week in these #zaraterez, #lululemon and #nike pieces. Great for on the bike or around town!  Pick up yours at SOUL FIDI!, SOUL FIDI is so excited to welcome rockstar NYC instructor, Samantha J. to our FIDI schedule! 

For Samantha, SoulCycle is about moving your body to the music as a way to open your mind. After studying psychology and marriage therapy, she discovered Soul and was drawn to how it encourages people to be their best selves. Combining sexy beats with a carefree attitude, Sam invites you to better yourself and believes it always feels better when you do it with a smile!

You can check out Samantha J.'s classes on Tuesday/Thursday nights at 7:30pm and Saturday afternoons at 12:45pm.

See you on a bike, Soul FIDI!, Hello 2016! SoulCycle FIDI is loving the Year of YOU collection - in the studio now! Anna and Santron look great in these new, blue hues. 

See you soon FIDI!, Make it your #reSOULution to find YOU in 2016! Find your rhythm, your strength, and your community. Set a goal and let Soul inspire you! Plus, have a friend ready to give Soul a try? From January 5th through January 18th, their first ride is on us! Spread the word, give them a nudge, and help them stick to that resolution! http://bit.ly/reSOULution, Today, SoulCycle FIDI celebrated the best of 2015 in Ellena's 8AM class! Here she is giving us her best "Whip/Nae Nae" to celebrate 2015 and ring in 2016! 

Wishing everyone a wonderful New Year's Eve and Day! 

See you on a bike in 2016!, We loved these styles from December's SOUL collection! You've still got a few more days snag these looks at SoulCycle FIDI...see you soon!, SoulCycle FIDI is spreading the holiday cheer at our card making station, come join the fun! 

cardio. candid pics. cards. done., Happy Holidays from the SOUL FIDI Family! 

Come check out our new Holiday Card Making/Gift Wrapping Station at the studio - Don't miss out on a chance to send a SOULful greeting to those you love!, Rise and Shine, SoulCycle FIDI! 

Only 10 days left for Christmas Shopping - Tap it Back at SoulCycle FIDI for some last-minute finds! 

Taylor is seen below in our Run Inspire Crop & Pro Indy Bra w/ Soul/Cycle. Check out these items and many more from our December collection before they're gone!, Dorothy, Cleaning Team, Good Morning, SoulCycle FIDI! 

The Holidays are here and fast approaching, which can only mean one thing... gift shopping! Get inspired below as Lisa models two cozy pieces from our December retail collection! Come check out the Wheel & Stripe Hacci Pullover and Rebel Runner Crop and other fun pieces before they're gone!, Get to know the rockstars on our FIDI team!, Get to know the rockstars on our FIDI team!, Good morning, SoulCycle FIDI!

Please join us for a special SOUL 101 class with Anna, next Tuesday, 12/15 @ 7:30pm. Brush up on those basics and take your SOUL to a whole new level! Please call the studio for more details. You don't want to miss out!, Meet Chris Cohen, the newest addition to our FIDI instructor family!

Born in San Diego California, Chris fell in love with dance and music at a very young age. As a teenager, Chris battled with addiction, and after getting sober, he was destined for a journey of change. Becoming a personal trainer, he found his love for fitness and health. As a SoulCycle Instructor, Chris is motivated to help others with their journey. So get ready to dance, workout and have fun!

You can rock it out with Chris Cohen in FIDI on Sundays at 8:30am, Mondays at 4:30pm, and Fridays at 12:15pm. 

See you on a bike, SoulCycle FIDI!, Happy Hump Day, SoulCycle FIDI!

If you want to see Ellena dressed up as Britney Spears and tapping it back till the world ends, then today's your chance. Please join us as we celebrate the birth of our reigning pop queen, Ms. Britney Spears at 4:30pm!

You don't want to miss out! See you on a bike!, It may be raining outside, but our SoulCycle Financial District Front Desk Staff is rocking it out in our new December Collection! Check out our awesome festive styles below, as modeled by Gaby, Aly, Haden, and Jessie (left to right). See you a bike, SoulCycle - and Happy Shopping to you all!, Rise and Shine, SoulCycle FIDI! Our riders killed it this morning in Anna's Turkey Burn! Congratulations Rockstars - you should feel so proud!, Happy Hump Day, SoulCyclists! Be sure to check out some of the photos from our 1-Year Anniversary this past weekend! Let the celebration carry us through the rest of the week!, Happy 1st Anniversary SOUL FiDi! Here's to a another great year ahead!, This Saturday at SOUL FiDi, we're tapping it back to celebrate our 1-year anniversary in the neighborhood - please join us!, null, FIDI Staff Picks:

Happy Hump Day, FiDi! Taylor is shaking off her mid-week slump and looking swift in the Tulip Back Tank w/ Wheel, Pro Classic Bra w/ SoulCycle, SoulCycle Neon Analog Capri., FiDi Look of the Week:

Check out instructor, Ellena, in our SOUL Spirit Jersey from our #motivationinmotion collection! Grab one before they're all gone!, FiDi Look of the Week:

The newest member of our FiDi family, Jon, is rockin' everyone's favorite fall essential, the Knit Beanie! Paired with this black Men's Crew tee, we can't think of a better way to rep your SOUL!

The #rallythetroops collection is flying off the shelves! Stop by the studio to snag your Soul swag before it's gone!, It's week 2 of ROCKTOBER! Give us a call to book a bike in Noa's DURAN DURAN VS. DEPECHE MODE ride at 4:30pm this afternoon. Party on, FIDI!, FiDi Look of the Week:

Our very own, Caroline, shows off our new Thrashed Muscle Tank w/ Skull and Run Inspire Crop II w/ SOUL from our #rallythetroops collection! 

Come check this outfit (and others) out before they're gone!!, FiDi Look of the Week: 

Front Desk Staff, Taylor, shows off our new Camo Twist Back Tank and Run Inspire Crop from our new #rallythetroops collection (launched TODAY!). 

Happy shopping - see you soon!  <3, Make sure to keep that stretch game strong, like our instructor, Santron!, Please join us today at 4:30pm, as we kick off the month of ROCKTOBER here in FiDi (every Thursday at 4:30pm!)

First up: ACDC vs. Led Zeppelin!

You don't wanna miss this!! Come and see us for an awesome time!, We'll be at the 6th Annual Taste of the Seaport on October 17th! Stop by to say hi anytime between 11am - 4pm! See you there!, Come join us for Noa's Rockstar ride TONIGHT at 5PM!! It's gonna be a wild ride - sign up now!, null, Fall back into Soul this week, and join us in welcoming two awesome instructors to our FIDI family, Noa and Santron! Check out our schedule, book a bike, and rock it out!, There's still time to complete the #WarriorWeekend challenge! Book a bike in one of our classes today to finish out your #summerofSOUL on a high note! Check out FIDI's schedule here: https://www.soul-cycle.com/find-a-class/studio/1018/. See you on a bike!, Do you have what it takes to take on the Warrior Weekend before the end of this glorious #summerofSOUL? Challenge yourself., This week we're digging deep at FIDI! When you tap it back in the 7:30 PM with Ryan S. on Tuesday or Thursday, you can stay to double ON US in the 8:30 PM with Andres! Book a bike in either class today, and give us a call at (212) 501-7685 to get your double on! See you on a bike!, Coming to Class on Sunday morning just got a bit juicier!! Take Ryan S. @ 8:30am or Amanda K. @ 9:30am and then swing by Juice Gen's Cart downstairs for some amazing samples to welcome Juice Generation to the neighborhood!! We'll see you on a Bike!, Happy Birthday Christina!! Come to FIDI tonight to celebrate her in her 5:30p class!, When in doubt, roll it out! Come down to SoulCycle FIDI on Sundays at 6PM to pick up some foam rolling tips led by Yavuz Akman! You also might get to meet the stars of this vid ;), Prepare to kick off your weekend with one AMAZING dance party! This Friday, August 14th at 6:30pm, we'll be RAVING WITH ROXIE. Expect glow sticks, black lights and the best EDM beats around. This is one class you won't want to miss, so book your bike now!, Noon on Mondays got us feeling some type of way! Book a bike today when signs up open, and rock it out with us in these last few weeks of summer!, null, Challenge yourself to SOUL SQUARES! Pick up a card in studio today, then have the front desk staff mark your card each time you complete a task or ride with a certain instructor. Get five in a row — you'll score a ride on us! Game. On., Saturdays are for Soul Pups & Pops! Stop in this afternoon for a Ruby Rockets popsicle!  #SoulCycle #SoulFiDi #soulpuppy #summerofSOUL, Join us tomorrow night for FiDi's first ever Soul & Roll event! Starting at 6PM, YAVUZ will rock it out on the podium for a kickass sweat sesh followed by a 15-minute stretch and foam rolling workshop in our lobby with tips on how to use a foam roller to limber up, soothe soreness and stay healthy. Forget the Sunday scaries! You'll end your weekend feeling refreshed and ready to take on the week! Sign up now through the website, app or by calling us at the studio!, This week at Soul FiDi we’re rocking out to the rhythm of our favorite BOY BANDS with Ryan S, munching on some sweetgreen salads after tapping it back with Bevin, and dreaming of the beach, each in Andres' NICKI MINAJ ride! Check out these rides and more, then book your bike today at noon!, SOUL101 is back and now it's easier than ever to catch a class! 

We’re offering the 3-class series a la carte, so you can take Class One, Class Two, Class Three OR all three on the days and times that work for you. 

Catch Class One, SOUL 101: SOUL FUNDAMENTALS, with BECCA this Tuesday (7/14) at 5:15 PM in FIDI! 

www.soul-cycle.com/soul101, Think you've got game? Check out TIC TAC SOUL at SoulCycle FIDI! Ride with any four instructors on our snazzy game board, and you'll score a free class!, Looking for healthy ways to fuel up before and after a morning ride? We asked 11 FIDI instructors who lead the AM pack to share their top pre and post-class food choices… http://bit.ly/1zc0jeI, null, We've got more Soul in NYC! SoulCycle FiDi is open! http://bit.ly/1FcWxjn, Photos by The Bosco
http://www.thebos.co/, null)