List(Hot off the blog!  Check out this interesting Q&A with Max Tubman about Drone Photography., null, We're wrapping up an amazing 3-day workshop with fine-art/commercial photographer Claire Rosen. The assignment was to illustrate a contemporary issue using the aesthetic and visual symbolism of a fairy tale, myth or children's story. Students learned so much from her experience and guidance. What an honor to have the opportunity to learn from Claire!, Photographer Dani Klein-Williams of Dani Fine Photography knocked students out today with her super fun and inspiring lecture. She took it over the top with a live boudoir session demonstration. What a fantastic way to round out the week!, Some pets are finicky and it's not always easy to get them to cooperate for photographs.  Here are some tips to help things run smoothly!, Students learned so much from photographer Heath Robbins' lecture on food and lifestyle photography. What a great afternoon!, Here are 4 composition elements that can help you create better photographs and maybe make them “portfolio worthy!”, 5 tips to relax your clients, and get better portraits:, We spoke to Brooke Doleva, director of Financial Aid, about the Parent PLUS Loan.  “The Parent PLUS loan may be attractive because the lender will loan up to the cost of attendance,” Brooke says. Some private loans will only lend a percentage of tuition costs.  Learn more about it:, “When I went to India and Nigeria, my bag weighed 40 pounds. Now everything, including lenses, weighs under 12 pounds." - David Grover, talking about what's in his camera bag., Congratulations to 2012 graduate Sameer Raichur for having this stunning image published in "Verve" Magazine., Wow, look what 2015 graduate Nick Nogueira did last week..., Jeremy Thurston graduated in 2002 from Hallmark. We recently caught up with him to talk about his career and the creative techniques he’s currently exploring., Congratulations to 2009 graduate Shaunáe Teske for being featured once again in The Wedding Magazine 2016, including the cover!, Alum Sean Dougherty was a huge hit today as he presented his work and talked to our current class about social media influence and his amazing photographic journey., A great essay on portrait photography.  http://ow.ly/XjyDs, Hallmark was thrilled to welcome back some of our graduates last Friday for our annual Alumni Roundtable Event. The graduates represent different graduation years, geographic locations and areas of expertise including wedding photography, portrait photography, product and lifestyle photography for editorial and advertising purposes, and photographic assisting. Their insight into the profession was invaluable for our current students who took every opportunity to ask questions both about the remainder of their time at Hallmark as well as finding that first photography job and opening one's own photography business. This image by instructor David Turner shows panelists Mike Gibbs (June 2014), Jessica Cain (February 2014), Amy Spirito (June 2012), Konrad Brattke (taking a quick pic of the audience - June 2009), Heather Norris (June 2009) and Dani Potter (October 2014). Instructor and Event MC, Tony Downer relays questions from the student body., It is with great sadness that we must say goodbye to a talented young photographer and extraordinary human being. 2009 graduate Leland Marshall, who has been battling cancer, passed away this past weekend. Leland's passion for his art, and his infectious smile will be remembered always by our faculty and staff and no doubt, by all who were fortunate to know him., Images play an important role in selling products, but sometimes pictures serve a higher purpose.  http://ow.ly/XjxV5, "The time is always right to do what is right." ~ Martin Luther King, Jr., A huge Hallmark welcome to the new October class of 2016! The new group jumped right in, with Orientation this week and day 1 of classes next week. Congratulations on taking the first step of what will be a long and exciting journey!
Photo by David Turner, https://i-d.vice.com/en_gb/article/meet-the-man-whos-been-photographing-david-bowie-for-40-years, David Turner, fashion and portrait photographer and resident faculty member teaches advanced on-location lighting.  “This is usually the first time that our students realize they have to have a trained eye to see where the tonality is correct,” David says. “Up to this point, they’ve been following the rules.”, A native of Colchester, CT, Rachel has loved taking pictures ever since she got her first camera at the age of 10.  http://ow.ly/WIzC8, The Hallmark network extends beyond graduation day. These wedding/portrait photographers found each other at a Washington, DC workshop offered by Justin & Mary Marantz, a successful husband and wife photography duo who share their tips of the trade with other up and coming photographers. Pictured below are  Hallmark graduates Lauren Matteo Niedbala (2011, MA); Andrea York (2013, MA); Heather Holleger Baker (2011, DE); Paige Engel (2011, MD). Thank you to Lauren Matteo Niedbala for sending along the photo!, Freezing precious moments in time...great read in Boston Magazine and beautiful image by 1999 Hallmark graduate Scott Zuehlke!, Happy new year! Wishing you all the best for 2016!
Photo by Emily Rose Darrow., Here are some great tips for those getting started in the photography business from a few of our graduates., Wishing you and yours a very merry Christmas!
Photo by Maronica Randolph, “As a working photographer, sports is one of the most exciting assignments you can get. Every sport is dramatic in its own way. There’s always action, passion, something at stake. And players cooperatively arrange themselves into exciting new compositions every few seconds. What’s not to love?” Trish says.  http://ow.ly/Wiuep, Current Hallmark students have been given an assignment to photograph a family over their holiday break. This is never an easy task no matter who you are! See what photographer Chris Jelf has to say about his recent session with the Royal Family: Photographer Chris Jelf, who was chosen by private recommendation, said: "I thoroughly enjoyed photographing a very lovely family, although you have to be sharp as you don't have long when there are two young children involved! I hope everyone enjoys this photo and I am honoured that The Duke and Duchess have decided to share it with the public.", Students and faculty are in the holiday spirit today, as they wrap up classes for the long winter break.
Photos by David Turner, Ken Proto and Olga Minkevich, two graduates of Hallmark Institute of Photography (Class of 2007) work together as Proto Images.  “We didn’t really pursue the trade show industry — it kind of just fell in our laps,” says Ken., Students worked on their crucial public speaking skills today, as they gave 10-minute presentations to the entire student body and assembled faculty. They all did well, and no one fainted (despite their fears!).
Photo by David Turner, Instructor David Turner had a great time talking photography with the folks at the Senior Center in Northfield today., Opening Reception and Book Signing - Tomorrow, Sat. Dec. 12th - noon-3pm.  Meet the local author and photographer of Dune Shack, Trish Crapo. 

Location: Hallmark Institute of Photography Alumni Gallery, 241 Millers Falls Road, Turners Falls, MA., Fascinating...., Great article about one graduate's ongoing and lasting love for photography; check out this article about 1977 Hallmark graduate Lori Simon: http://www.burlingtonfreepress.com/story/news/2015/11/14/vermont-photographer-lori-simon/75745066/
Lori Simon Photography, LLC, The feedback Kim Morritt received during a professional photographers convention portfolio review eventually led her to create this portrait. “My reviewer called me out for my work. He said I stayed ‘too safe,’ that I didn’t take chances. He was right. I was focused on creating a lovely family portrait; I never pushed my skills.", null, Hope to see you tomorrow for our Admissions Open House!, null, Have you been thinking about pursuing a career in photography? If so, we hope you can join us for the upcoming Open House for Admissions this Saturday, December 5th!, Congratulations to 2012 graduate Ethan Harrison whose image graces the cover of the December-February issue of "The Valley Table.", “We’re taking the control you had in the studio and moving it outside,” David says. “Wouldn’t you like to have that same control on location?”, If you know anyone who is considering photography school, spread the word!  We are offering four $10,000 Presidential Scholarships for the class starting in January 2016 - submission deadline is Dec 15, 2015!  Good luck everyone!, We had a great visit from Northbridge High School photography students and their teacher, @Phil Anderson, who just happens to be a Hallmark graduate from the class of 2000., Enjoy!  Zoological Society of London's photography competition 2015 winners.  http://ow.ly/VhnvB, Congratulations to Hallmark graduate Kelsy Gosett who is getting international recognition for her "Wake Up" series!, Wishing you and your family a safe and happy holiday. Happy Thanksgiving from all of us at Hallmark Institute. (Photo credit - Dani Potter '14), Before attending Hallmark, Jeff Heimbach (2005 grad) had enrolled in Emerson College to study theater, but soon switched his major to film. “I didn’t want to spend the rest of my life in a dark theater,” he says. Today, Jeff works for clients like LL Bean, Vermont Teddy Bear and Southern Vermont Medical Center., Don’t miss your chance to submit for one of FOUR $10,000 Presidential Scholarships to attend Hallmark in January 2016! 
Submission Deadline: December 15, 2015, A huge thank you to Sony and especially Megan Walton for spending the day at Hallmark and letting our students play with your fantastic line of professional cameras. You definitely have some new fans!
Photo by David Turner, Congratulations to Trish Crapo (Hallmark 2008 graduate) on her new book "Dune Shack"!  Her photographs will be on display in the Alumni Gallery in Hallmark’s Administration Building, and she will answer questions and sign copies of her book at a reception at the school on Saturday, Dec. 12, from noon until 3 p.m. Learn more about her experience living in a shack and see more of her photos on our blog:, Don’t miss your chance to submit for one of four $10,000 Presidential Scholarships to attend Hallmark in January 2016! 
Submission Deadline: December 15, 2015, These fabulous student volunteers did a bang-up job over the weekend, taking some beautiful portraits, and raising over $2,000 for the United Way of Franklin County. Well done team! (Ram and Alyssa L are not pictured, as they were still working!), This is happening at Hallmark TODAY! Come on down to Hallmark--you don't even need a reservations., See how 2015 Hallmark graduates Samantha Farkash and Edyn Caroline Graham are giving back through photography:, Any history buffs out there?  This is an interesting project filled with historical photos:, Congratulations to alumna Jenn Bakos for her first beautiful magazine cover! Well done!, The value of vintage fashion photography:  http://ow.ly/Uqmow, Talk about a POWER TEAM! 2013 graduate Andrea York once again has secured the contract this year for Photos with Santa at Yankee Candle. Her team for the season includes no less than 5 Hallmark graduates and 1 current Hallmark student. Good luck to Kat Kattler (2006), Ariel Grondin (2015), Rebekah Willey (2015), Lauren Matteo (2011), Olivia Phethean (2014) and Jeff Brown (2016)! For more on this story, check out Andrea's blog: http://andreayorkphotography.com/the-secret-is-out/, Abolitionist Frederick Douglass and photography . . . he believed in the power of photography and was the most photographed man in 19th century America., We caught up with 2003 graduate Bridgette Harmon-Smith, now president of Harmon Photography, Inc!, Amazing photos of surfers, from inside the waves!  "The concept cost 4 months of time, 3 hospital visits, and 2 broken boards, but Bellet succeeded in shooting the remarkable photos that he set out to create.", Six photographers shot very different portraits of the same man. What do you think made the biggest difference — the photographer or their perception of who the subject was?, It's that time again.....schedule your family portrait today! Sessions still available for this terrific event. Call Erin Henderson at (413) 773-2295 to reserve your time. You get a great portrait, and it's for a good cause! All proceeds benefit the United Way of Franklin County., null, Congratulations to 2007 grad Kim Morritt who recently judged her first photo competition!  “I know from personal experience how heartbreaking it is to have an image crushed or not do well. I hate doing that. However, my best learning in my photographic skill has come from all those rejections.” - Kim Morritt, 2011 graduate Rikki Snyder documented her recent road trip through New England, for online publication "Houzz" for which she is a regular contributor. See if you recognize any of these festive fall locations! 

http://www.houzz.com/ideabooks/55685948/list/houzz-tv-take-a-leaf-peeping-road-trip-in-new-england, null, The early deadline is this week for PDNedu's Student Photo Contest. You can't win if you don't enter!
http://contest.pdnedu.com/#contestinfo, "I remember telling a parent that this is the best experience that their child will ever have. It will feel short, but it’s a very intense course. It’s worth it.” -Daisy Baez, mother of Hallmark 2015 graduate Natalie Baez, talks about her daughter's time at Hallmark., Congratulations to the October class of 2015! We are so proud of each and every one of you, but know that this is just the first step of an amazing journey. We are going to miss you!
Photos by Samantha & Caroline Photography, Hallmark congratulates California Photographer and 2005 graduate Jeff Kroeze, who's image "Tehachapi Wind Farm" is part of National Geographic's "Greatest Photographs of the American West" series. The exhibit is currently showing in Pittsfield, MA at the Berkshire Museum. For more information, check out this article regarding the show! http://www.recorder.com/home/19179813-95/legends-myths-and-tumbleweeds, If you are shooting spherical panoramas here is an opportunity to have them 3D printed in color for $30, during the Kickstarter campaign:, Congratulations Jessica Cain (Hallmark 2014 graduate) for being named Photo Editor at Greatist.com!  "A year ago, I didn’t think I’d be where I am today, working for an amazing company in Manhattan.” she says., Just in time for Halloween, the following images of abandoned buildings from around the world ask the question: "Are these places haunted?" 

http://www.huffingtonpost.com/entry/abandoned-places-around-the-world-photos_562a70fce4b0aac0b8fccfef?utm_hp_ref=photography, We're looking forward to our evening information session Nov 5 from 5-7pm!  Are you interested in learning more about Hallmark?  RSVP here at the link below - we'd love to see you!, Congratulations Christopher Beauchamp!  The documentary, which tells about the quest of a young cancer patient to live a full and meaningful life, will premier at the Austin Film Festival on Oct. 30., Congratulations to our October graduating class! After 10 months of hard work, it was great to celebrate all of your accomplishments during today's Portfolio Review., Congrats to 2014 grad Amelia Ingraham - her Tomato Basil soup photo is featured as appetizer of the week on Millennial Magazine's site:, How much money can you make as a stock photographer? What factors make a photo more valuable?   Jared Milgrim of The Photo Access answers these questions and more in our Q&A on stock photography:, A huge THANK YOU to these very dapper student and faculty volunteers who had a blast photographing families at Hole in the Wall Gang Camp's first annual Fall Ball. It was a magical evening for all!, Women now make up a large portion of today's successful photographers, but that wasn't always the case: "Frances Benjamin Johnston got her first camera as a gift from the founder of Kodak. When she opened her own studio in New York, she was the only woman photographer in the entire city.", Here are some great photography tips based on the work of Steve McCurry, who is best known for his photo "Afghan Girl" that appeared on the cover of National Geographic in 1985., Hallmark Institute of Photography is always proud to pass along the success of our graduates so the recent news from Dani Klein-Williams, owner of dani.fiine photography and 1999 graduate, is beyond exciting! For more information on the upcoming book Dani will publish focusing on the art and business of boudoir photography, read the attached press release from her studio: 

http://businesswest.com/blog/dani-klein-williams-lands-book-deal-for-boudoir-photography/, Pictures take us places…., It is a gorgeous day in Amherst, Massachusetts today! Students are enjoying exploring all of the beautiful spots to photograph at UMass Amherst., We have just about reached peak fall foliage season here in New England. Check out some of these beautiful images of the season from the New England Photography Guild. http://www.nephotographyguild.com/galleries-2/new-england-fall-foliage-photo-gallery/, Congratulations to Hallmark 2014 grad Emily Bobrowicz! Revolver Magazine recently featured one of her photographs on their website, along with a video she created with Aaron Marsh.  “That’s what I went to Hallmark for!” she says.  See more of her work on the blog:, Damian Strohmeyer visited last week . . .for those of you who weren't at Hallmark to see him in person, you can see some of his amazing photos and read an interview with him on our blog:, Our congratulations go out to Connecticut-based photographer Christopher Beauchamp (Hallmark Class of 2003). He recently called it a wrap on his first feature film as director of photography.

https://wonderfulmachine.com/blog/christopher-beauchamp-until-20

Also check out Christopher's website: http://www.christopherbeauchamp.com, Students loved hearing from the master of sports photography, Damian Strohmeyer, as he showed his work and discussed the technical aspects of shooting sports. Damian worked for Sports Illustrated for 20+ years, and is a member of the prestigious Canon Explorers of Light., Inspiration for photographers of any age:, Katie Donnelly (Hallmark class of 2010) took her first photography class in high school. It was an opportunity for her and her best friend to take their first class together. Unfortunately, they wound up in separate classes, but Katie learned to love shooting and developing black-and-white film., null, Hot off the blog:  Find out how these Hallmark graduates got their photographs into gallery shows/exhibitions, and how they prepared for them., Another potential student works with the ever talented David Turner and a demo fashion shoot, Guests at our Open House get behind the camera and try new gear., Hope to see you at tomorrow's Open House!, What's a little rain when you're trying to get your shot? Despite the gloomy weather, students had a good time shooting their photo assignments in the beautiful town of Northampton, MA., Congratulations to our scholarship winners!, 68,000 photos.  That sounds about right!  :-)  http://ow.ly/SQpqe, It's not too late to RSVP if you wish to attend our Open House this weekend!  RSVP here:  http://ow.ly/SLmC7, Last night's super moon had astronomy enthusiasts and photographers staying up late to capture some rare images. Check out these eclipse photos from around the world! http://news.yahoo.com/photos/rare-supermoon-eclipse-seen-around-the-world-slideshow/rare-supermoon-eclipse-seen-around-the-world-photo-1443441932330.html, We are so proud of recent 2015 graduates Samantha Farkash & Edyn Caroline Graham as they use their photographic talents to give back to their Wallingford, CT community! http://www.myrecordjournal.com/wallingford/wallingfordnews/7806624-129/photographers-volunteer-time-to-help-wallingford-families-dealing-with-cancer.html, We caught up with 2011 Hallmark graduate Scott Richard. Today he photographs commercial and residential architecture and interiors for clients that include Architectural Digest magazine, McLain Homes, Brizo luxury faucets, Posh Exclusive Interiors and The Trump Organization.  See his advice for those starting out in architectural photography:, Congratulations to 2014 graduate Dan Hopper, who is one of the Long Island Photo Gallery's featured artists! Great work Dan! http://liphotos.longislandphotogallery.com/long-island-photo-gallery-artist-highlight-daniel-hopper/, Students spend time in the great outdoors today as they work on their assignments and get to know the beautiful town of Brattleboro, VT., Are you interested in a career in photography? If so, we hope you can join us for the upcoming Open House for Admissions on Saturday, October 3rd!, An interesting behind-the-scenes look at the Emmy's, from a USA Today photographer's perspective:  http://ow.ly/Sz5KP, Check out this behind-the-scenes video of a photo shoot for Country Music Star, Tim McGraw's new album!, null, Find out how Hallmark grads Colton Running, Ariel Grondin, and Dani Potter got their start - and see what advice they have for you!, null, Need to rent some gear for a special occasion, or just to "try it before you buy it"? Through Dec. 31, 2015, LensProToGo is offering friends of Hallmark Institute of Photography a 10-percent discount off any rental!  And if you're reading this right now, you're our friend.  :-), Hallmark has an assignment that puts students in a small plane to learn how to shoot aerial photos…while these images are not current student work, they show what possibilities await...http://look.viralnova.com/cities-from-birds-eye-view-gallery/?mb=vnyah&utm_source=yahoo&utm_medium=cpc&utm_campaign=aril&utm_term=aril_1b, null, Students were introduced to photographer Jaleel King in Hallmark's main auditorium. A huge THANK YOU to Profoto USA for a very inspiring and memorable afternoon!, What a great day to welcome the new Hallmark class! Day 1 of Orientation brought students from all over the country (and beyond), ranging in age from 17-50. Can't wait to get to know them!, We caught up with international student Viviana Cardona!  She told us why she chose Hallmark and what she's up to now!, George Eastman's original Kodak camera.  We've certainly come a long way!, Not for the faint of heart, prepare yourself for these jaw dropping engagement photos! http://www.brit.co/dangerous-engagement-photos/, What’s the most important piece of advice Hallmark instructor Rich Barnes could give someone who is launching a professional photography career today? He answers that and other questions in our latest Q&A with him on our blog:, Another fantastic location class with David Turner and Derrick Zellmann at the Bank in Greenfield. A group of wonderful models helped students practice their lighting skills with low ambient light. A big THANK YOU to the Franklin County Community Development Corporation for letting students use their super cool space., http://www.smashingmagazine.com/2008/11/beautiful-examples-of-tilt-shift-photography/, What should you expect at the Year-End Final Portfolio Review?  Here's the inside scoop!, Guest instructor Melissa Mullen took students to a church to show them the ins and outs of shooting a wedding. A huge thank you to Second Congregational Church in Greenfield for opening their doors to us. What a beautiful space!, Whether you're a hard core dog lover or mere admirer, you're sure to get a kick out of this photographer's approach to the "Family Photo". http://www.buzzfeed.com/rossalynwarren/this-is-the-only-parenting-goal-i-have, We're getting ready! Tony is testing and checking all the equipment in the Portrait Studios before orientation for the new class. Can't wait!, Congrats to our June 2015 graduates! They ranged from ages 18-44, spanned 19 US states, and 3 foreign countries! http://ow.ly/RhDaN, Another knockout location class with Derrick Zellmann. Students travelled to the beautiful Farm Table Restaurant and had 1 1/2 hours to create these wonderful portraits. Well done team!, These adorable creatures were the stars of Tony Downer's lecture on pet photography today. The cutest models we've ever seen!, Wow . . .just wow!  See the National Geographic Traveler's 2015 photo contest winners:, A huge thank you goes out to our 2015 students who volunteered to photograph this special event!  http://ow.ly/QZKre, Students were challenged by instructor Rich Barnes to shoot a variety of portraits outside at the worst part of the day (10am-noon) using any item that was not intended to be a photo reflector. This talented crew nailed it!, We are so proud of alumnus and current instructor Derrick Zellmann Photography Check out the article in The Recorder on his recent work on display at "The Fence" outdoor exhibit in Boston. http://www.recorder.com/news/18128797-95/turners-falls-natives-ongoing-portrait-series-displayed-in-boston, Wonderful portraits of surfers - not surfing - from one of the New York Times Lens bloggers. http://ow.ly/QPdq4, The deadline is 8/18 for PDN's Food Photography Awards. There's time enough to shoot some new stuff! http://www.pdntaste.com/?eb5, “Each year for Christmas when I was growing up I was allowed to choose one gift for $50 from the Sears Catalog. When I was 12, I chose a Kodak Instamatic Camera. That's where it all began,” Andrea says., Taking advantage of this gorgeous weather, instructor David Turner helps students navigate the world of Speedlites in his outdoor lighting class., Here is some new work from 2010 graduate Katie Donnelly Photography, a sensational destination lifestyle photographer. Katie, a native New Yorker, travels the world but her current home base is Paris, France.
https://vimeo.com/134507403, Students practiced lighting on location with instructor Derrick Zellmann Photography at one of the hottest spots in town. A huge thank you to the fantastic folks at the Turners Falls Fire Department for helping with this assignment., We caught up with Gina Lenz (2009 grad) who currently runs a successful portrait business.  She told us about a time when she hid in the bushes for a surprise engagement shoot!  “I was on the phone every day, twice a day, for a week, communicating with the resort and the client. I went to the resort three times with assistants to make sure I wouldn’t be visible but still be able to get a clear shot,” she says., Check out the video (https://youtu.be/70JFzRLKCww) of Chris Berner' 15, shot by classmate Regina Tamburro, where Chris explains how he created his image of an apple hitting a bottle of  Redd's Apple Ale., BIG congrats to recent June (2015) graduate Nick Nogueira who was just asked to be a contributing photographer to bmxunion.com. Check out their interview with him here: http://bmxunion.com/interviews/photos-nick-nogueira/, Meet Andrei Popovici of Romania, and see what he has to say about his time at Hallmark:, Really proud of Boston-based 2014 alum Joe Gray for his hard work on a recent ad campaign. Metal and glass in one shot? No problem! Kudos, Joe., Guest speaker Steve Giralt recently gave a lecture at Hallmark on "The Business of Commercial Photography". While he was here, we asked him, what are the important things that students should know about getting started in commercial photography?  Here's his response: http://ow.ly/PHZFl, Congrats to Sue Jarrett!  Her article and photos of Costa Rica appear in DUDE Magazine's Summer 2015 issue, screenshot below, or here is a link (pages 16-17):  http://issuu.com/bradmcdonald/docs/dude_summer_2015, Check out what Hallmark graduates have to say about their 10-months here! 
http://hallmark.edu/students/Alumni-Testimonials/131/, Andy Bardon (Hallmark 2009 graduate) offers this advice to students: “You should play to your strengths and be aware of your weaknesses. Know when to ask for help, or to hire an assistant or editor. Define what you want to get hired for and why, and really key in on that.” Congrats to Andy on all of his successes, including his National Geographic assignments, cover shot, and his new website!, Don't forget to enter to win one of three $15,000 Presidential Scholarships to attend Hallmark for the Class of 2016.  The deadline is July 31st!  More information can be found here: http://hallmark.edu/financial-aid/Presidential-Scholarship/238/, This is a nice write up of Alumni Oliver Scott Snure (2010). How would you answer the same questions?, “Most photographers, having no idea where to start, will simply base their prices on what their competitors are charging and their own concept of self-worth. Unfortunately, most of the time, neither of these processes are accurate,” says Rich Barnes, owner of Barnes Portrait Design, and a member of the faculty at Hallmark., Cy Cyr (HIP 96) was the set photographer for this new First Tee video featuring LPGA Tour star Paula Creamer. The First Tee is a youth program teaching life skills and challenges through golf instruction. It was filmed at MetroWest Golf Club with the help of the First Tee of Central Florida. The “Pink Panther” stuck around after filming to socialize and sign autographs for the kids.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gP3BkDBZoYg, Official congratulations to the newest Professional Photographers out there! Here graduates give their families & friends a round of applause in the standing-room-only Auditorium at Hallmark's Educational Center. Photo credit to instructor Tony Downer., It's here! 10-months is somehow long and grueling, yet goes by in the blink of an eye! Happy Graduation June Class of 2015. We are so proud of you! Set up is just about done, see you in the Auditorium soon!, Hmmm….
http://www.smithsonianmag.com/smart-news/why-vincent-van-gogh-photograph-1887-180955677/?no-ist, You graduated from Hallmark in 2012, you've worked a few years in the industry, saved up some money and some vacation time, what do you do? If you are Calvin Laszakovits and Jenn Mowry, you pack up your camera gear and take a cross country road trip and stop along the way to see some other 2012 graduates! Shout out to Emilia Pare in Nashville, TN; Rachel Rose in Texas and Will Fisher in Cali! Check out Calvin and Jenn's gorgeous landscapes! Included in this order: 1) Great Sand Dunes, CO; 2) Great Sand Dunes, CO; 3) Glacier National Park, MT; 4) Arches, UT; 5) Calvin-Road in AZ; 6) Enroute to Yosemite, CA; 7) Yosemite, CA; 8) Yosemite, CA; 9) Big Sur, CA; 10) Mt. Tamalpias, CA., Check out some of Audubon's 2015 Spectacular Wildlife Photography Winners: http://www.theatlantic.com/photo/2015/06/2015-audubon-photography-awards/396011/, null, It's the final day of Portfolio Review for the June Class of 2015! This series of images by instructor Tony Downer captures the thoughtfulness that has gone into each and every review by panelists Ian Christmann, Michelle Bernstein and Simon Alexander; current student Treja's expression also reveals the joy and relief a student feels once his/her portfolio has been accepted!, It's often said "If you love what you do, you'll never work a day in your life." Check out this series "People with Passions" by British photography student Jack Daly. http://www.telegraph.co.uk/culture/culturepicturegalleries/9940084/People-with-Passions-a-photo-series-by-British-teenager-Jack-Daly.html?frame=2513624, Day 3 of Portfolio Review! Current student Chelise hears feedback from the panel after learning her portfolio has been accepted. Behind them on the big screen is a stunning low-key image that Chelise created. Photo credit Tony Downer, We are very excited because we just launched our new website!  Have you seen it?  
 http://ow.ly/OrcfQ, You may have seen this, but it's too interesting not to share some more!, So excited to begin the first day of Portfolio Review for our June 2015 graduates! Here, the portfolio panelists view a student portfolio before scoring it. We are honored to have a great team of panelists including first-time reviewers Michelle Bernstein, and 1996 Hallmark graduate Ian Christmann, as well as returning panelist, Simon Alexander. Michelle is the VP of Art Production at Grey Healthcare Group in New York City; Ian operates his own photographic business in New Haven, CT taking on an array of both portrait and commercial clients while still finding time to shoot for non-profit groups as well. Simon is the Director of VIP Accounts at Adorama Rental Company in New York. Thank you to instructor Tony Downer for the image below!, The power of photography: sometimes an image leaves you speechless. http://www.wbir.com/story/weather/2015/06/09/twin-tornadoes-colorado/28735911/, Many of us say we want to "give back" to our communities in some way; we are so proud of 2005 graduate Tiffany Wayne who is actually doing just that! Keep up the great work Tiffany!, Spread the word!  Hallmark will be awarding three $15,000 Presidential Scholarships for students in the class of 2016 (starting in September 2015)!  Details here:, Interesting exploration of getting older but still feeling young, through this beautiful series of images. https://www.facebook.com/Arch2OMagazine/posts/984994654845228, Interesting "TIME Magazine" article on renowned sports photographer (over 300 "Sports Illustrated" covers) Walter Iooss. Check it out here: http://time.com/3912383/looking-for-the-joy-of-sports-through-walter-iooss-photographs/, Who does a Hallmark graduate call when THEY need a wedding photographer? A classmate of course! Check out images of 2012 graduate Kathleen Newton 's weekend wedding shot by her 2012 classmate Brie Morrissey!, Who doesn't love an adorable dog? Recently current students teamed up with Steph Stevens Photography to take some portraits of our furry friends while also raising money for Nepal Earthquake Relief. Steph is a 2007 Hallmark graduate!
http://www.stephstevensphoto.com/dog-photography-peanut-butter-portraits-for-nepal-earthquake-relief/, Thanks to Ty Boyce '96, Rachel Kay '05, Vince Trupsin '08, Mike Ehrmann '01, Nicole Mago '12, Ian Christmann '96, Leslie Grow '08, Gina Lenz '09, and Rikki Snyder '11 for sending the files that allowed us to begin our featured alumni work gallery., Instructor Tony Downer captured this image of the controlled chaos that is Hallmark's "IT" this morning. Current students finish up post production and printing on their Final Year-end Portfolios, due just hours from now., Interesting article on Eileen Ford, creator of Ford Modeling Agency and how she got her start working for a fashion photographer. https://www.yahoo.com/style/how-ford-models-changed-the-face-of-beauty-120036987142.html, Technology is amazing; check out what these historical black and white images would look like in color! http://www.buzzfeed.com/gabrielsanchez/historic-photos-in-extraordinary-color?bffb&utm_term=4ldqpgp#.mb8am03Nyq, The October graduating class did a fabulous job with their Phase II self portraits., Hallmark has been honored to have legendary photographer, Mary Ellen Mark, speak to numerous classes over the years as a guest lecturer here. It is with great sadness that we share her passing earlier this week. http://www.nytimes.com/2015/05/27/arts/design/mary-ellen-mark-photographer-who-documented-difficult-subjects-dies-at-75.html?_r=1, A big THANK YOU to all service men and women, past and present, as we wrap up a beautiful Memorial Day weekend. Some spent it at parades or picnics, with family and friends. 2014 graduate Cory Seward spent it photographing a Memorial Day institution, the Indy 500. Check out some images from his album:, http://www.digitalcameraworld.com/2015/05/12/how-to-take-long-exposure-shots-of-the-sea/?hootPostID=a2a8636cabd9484fc316f836856a2c53, Look what 2012 graduate Katelin White spends her days photographing! For more cool motor sports images check out http://www.katelinwhitephotography.com/index2.php#/rgallery1/1/, Coming up at the Berkshire International Film Festival in Great Barrington, MA; May 29th & 31st: 
About the film:
Set in a modern Afghanistan bursting with color and character, FRAME BY FRAME follows four Afghan photojournalists as they navigate an emerging and dangerous media landscape – reframing Afghanistan for the world, and for themselves.
For more information: http://www.biffma.org, 2010 graduate Tanisha Stephens owner of Intown Imagery recently photographed actor and comedian Bill Cosby., Student Jackie sets up a shoot using curtains from the Auditorium stage., null, Congratulations to 2011 graduate Sean Welch; the Pantone "Make it Brilliant" campaign that he retouched last year just won an award at PDN Photo Annual 2015! http://www.pdnphotoannual.com/gallery/2015/Gallery.php?ShowCase=21#21-Sarah_Silver, Last week, students presented their final book projects to the class in Craig Cohen's Personal Projects class., 1 week ago today - guests got to see the school in full swing at our Open House!, Tips from a Pro: Shoot in the Rain
http://www.popphoto.com/tips-pro-shoot-rain?cmpid=enews0501415&spPodID=020&spMailingID=7742510&spUserID=NjU5MDkzOTExODAS1&spJobID=681530227&spReportId=NjgxNTMwMjI3S0, Congratulations to 2012 graduate Emilia Paré who was the set photographer and unit production manager for the video "Return" by NYVES that just debuted a couple days ago on ESPN. Emilia said "I mainly shot behind the scenes stills & portraits when I wasn't coordinating. The team that worked on this was absolutely incredible." Check out the video here! http://espn.go.com/blog/music/post/_/id/8107/nyves-return-with-new-video-release-presented-by-espn-music, http://gothamist.com/2015/05/13/190_bowery_will_opens_its_doors_for.php, Congratulations to 2013 graduate Deegan Marie as she scores her first CD cover! Deegan said "The shoot was scheduled for Saturday night and I made the mask Saturday morning. We had shot it several different ways, but after I had torn down the set I remembered I had brought a ring light with me and we just kind of played around. Turns out that was the winning image!", null, Recently, 2011 graduate Rikki Snyder was asked to photograph some images for a New York Times article about a 1965 Associated Press Sports Photograph of the Year, that was taken just minutes from Hallmark at local private boarding school, Northfield Mount Herman. Rikki says, "My job was to go speak with the woman and take photos of the scrapbook she has documenting this whole thing...the clippings, letters she had that her husband wrote and old photos of him and her son. The photo went viral back then... It was really neat to speak with her. She was this sweet lady living all by herself and they documented literally everything about this photo and where it went...it kind of changed their lives. It's really special! She was so excited to hear that I know of the school and had been there." Enjoy the read! http://www.nytimes.com/2015/05/06/sports/football/fire-didnt-stop-a-game-and-50-years-later-the-proof-still-fascinates.html?_r=2, “People sometimes get into photography because they think they are alone behind the camera, but the reality is, it’s a very social industry,” says Shelley Nicholson, director of student and career services at Hallmark., https://instagram.com/p/2eMlb9ENOi/, Hallmark's Open House #IT #worklad, Hallmark's Open House #fashionphotography, Hallmark's Open House #Commercialstudio, Hallmark's Open House #Welcome #portraitstudio, Welcome to Open House at Hallmark Today #photoschool #openhouse #balloons, Congratulations to our 2013 graduate Sienna Clough!  One of the photos she captured while on a Photographers Without Borders project was featured in Professional Photographer Magazine!, Hallmark volunteers spent time shaking their bushy tails with the fantastic folks from Hole in the Wall Gang Camp., Elizabeth is a June 2008 Hallmark grad hosting The New York Portraits open studio. Mark your calendar for June 5-7! http://ow.ly/MBDFy, Very cool behind the scenes video of Australian fine art photographer Alexia Sinclair’s world of make believe: http://www.profoto.com/blog/fine-art-photography/alexia-sinclair-into-the-gloaming/, This week we welcome Steve Giralt to speak to our students!  In this article, he tells us 6 common mistakes photographers making when they are first starting out., Students took it outside to enjoy the spring air while shooting their Advertising Fashion assignment on location., null, Reunion!  The class of 2001 returned to Hallmark over the weekend to reconnect and celebrate close to 15 years in the photo industry!, Hallmark Graduate Jeremy Saffer will be offering The Music Photography Seminar and Workshop June 6 and 7 in Chicopee MA.  This event is open to any photographers (pro, amateur, hobby, etc).  If you are a Hallmark student or alumni he is offering a discount.  Find more information and purchase tickets here:, Today we are so excited to welcome Rick Souders to the main auditorium to speak about Food Photography!, Students participated in a fun mock wedding at the beautiful Our Lady of Peace Catholic Church. Led by photographer Melissa Mullen, students learned where to stand, what shots to get, and what can go wrong when photographing a wedding., May 9th is quickly approaching!  We're so excited to see all of the new faces!  Who's coming?  RSVP here!  http://hallmark.edu/openhouse/, Amelia Ingraham is a 2014 graduate of Hallmark whose portfolio received the Award of Excellence.  At her exhibit there will be a variety of lighting, style and subject matter on display.  All pieces on display will be available for purchase.  Come take a stroll through the gallery and meet Amelia herself!, Adam Quirós is a documentary filmmaker of Ambient Film Production, who also teaches video production and editing at Hallmark.  Here he offers 5 video production editing tips., Working together, students organize a large-scale production for a lifestyle still and video shoot., Students work on creating the perfect dunk shot of a product in their commercial studio., Last week, students produced a large-scale lifestyle shoot at a local bowling alley., This week students worked on building a giant scrim that would be used to photograph a car.  The scrim makes perfect mood lighting., Shelley Nicholson shares her insights into non-traditional and alternative careers in the photography industry. http://ow.ly/LJORR, In the commercial studio last week, students learned how to properly light glassware., Students Omar and Roger rock the 80's during Rich Barnes' portrait posing class., Despite the rain last week, students from our October graduating class had a blast photographing at the airport, and viewing Massachusetts from a small fixed-wing aircraft., “The fashion industry is very hard, so never give up,” he offers by way of advice. “Keep striving and don’t take ‘no’ for an answer. I reached out to Ellements last year, and they told me ‘No.’ This time, they told me, ‘Yes.’”, Students work on their still life table top images for their Phase IV Portfolio., Did you know Ana Martinez, who was just published in Ellements magazine,  traveled all the way from Mexico City to attend Hallmark?  We checked in with her to see what she thought of her Hallmark experience and found out what she is up to now., Congratulations to 2012 Hallmark graduate Ana Mtz. She was recently published in the April 2015 issue of Ellements Magazine!, Guest instructor Matthew Cavanaugh returns to Hallmark this week to critique students' most recent photojournalism assignment.  He has had an incredible career  . . . how many people can say they have flown on Air Force One?  Learn more about him and see one of his favorite photographs:, We recently caught up with Kemachat “Chat” Sirichanvimol, a member of the resident faculty at Hallmark Institute of Photography, who talked about one technique for photographing reflective objects., Tis the season!, Working in teams last week, students practiced photographing catalog fashion on a white seamless sweep., null, “The best part of my job is when I get to photograph those people I’ve looked up to my entire life and create images that I, as a kid, would have cut out of magazines and taped to my wall,” Jeremy says. Congratulations Jeremy on your 50th cover!, Instructor David Turner lectures on fashion photography and will work with students on set during their studio time this week., Vince Trupsin also has a background in dance - he danced in the first episode of the most recent season of Glee and several music videos.  “With dance, you’re creating shape with your body. With photography, you’re creating shape with someone else’s body,” he says.  Here he offers some portrait tips:, More highlights from Claire Rosen's The Constructed Image 3-day workshop.  Working in groups, Claire challenged students to brainstorm, shoot, and edit a compelling image that uses strong visual elements to tell a story., Instructor Adam Quirós (far right) works with students from our October 2015 Graduating Class in an introductory video class., Congratulations Aubrey Grace Photography!, “It sold out at the book fair. Now they have to do a second run,” says Jon Dragonette, who graduated from Hallmark in 2003. Congrats Jon!, Claire Rosen meets individually with groups to review their ideas and their mood boards., Students work in the Portrait Studio for the first time, learning how to create different types of lighting patterns with studio light., “I was always interested in art, but was terrible at drawing and painting,” Claire Rosen says. When she picked up a camera, “the light bulb clicked. I thought, ‘This is how I can get out of my head what I want.’" We are excited to welcome Claire to Hallmark next week!, Students speak with Photojournalist Matthew Cavanaugh after class., Very interesting article (and some amazing photos - click to enlarge them!) about photography at night. http://ow.ly/Kxhrp, Instructor David Turner walks students through the process of photographing architectural interiors., Last week, students were excited to finish up their Phase III work and head out for a week-long spring break., 1 week ago today the studios were hopping as Hallmark hosted an Open House for prospective students., Did you know Hallmark has hosted students from 40 different countries? Maria Andrea Aguirre of Venezuela decided to attend Hallmark after law school, so she could do what she loves.  Read about her transition to the US, see some of her photos, and find out what she's doing now!, Students made a game of it in a fun and creative presentation on the work of photographer Annie Leibovitz., Last week, under instructor David Turner, students practiced turning ordinary spaces into dramatic backdrops for their photographs.  Here's a before and after!, We are excited to welcome guest lecturer Andy Biggs to Hallmark tomorrow!, Andrei studied retouching at Hallmark under Braden Chattman. “Braden was incredibly patient and as strict as he needed to be,” Andrei says. “Without him and the other [digital imaging] faculty members, I don’t think I would have had the retouching discipline I have now.”, Last week students took a field trip to Old Sturbridge Village to work on their photography assignments and learned about the history of New England., Open House for Admissions TOMORROW!, This week instructor Tony Downer worked with four-legged friends during his demonstration on pet photography., "I am constantly inspired by people who live an authentic life, because that in and of itself is really challenging" - Missy Davis (Hallmark class of 2013), Congrats Andrei Popovici (Hallmark class of 2010)!  Stay tuned for a blog post from Hallmark on Andrei and retouching!, Congratulations to 2012 Hallmark Graduates Collin Chmielowiec and Josh Allen who have a gallery show at the Sawmill River Arts Gallery here in Montague. They will have an opening Sunday, March 8th from 2-4 pm. Stop in if you're in the area! http://sawmillriverarts.com/hours-and-directions/, Congratulations to 2013 graduate Melinda Herrera whose image was recently published on USA Today's 10Best.com!  Visit http://www.10best.com/destinations/new-mexico/santa-fe/attractions/annual-events/ to see her image!, Student Career Conferences continue this week, as students meet individually with a panel of instructors to review their Career Business Plans and their Phase III portfolio work., null, Salamat Husain of Mumbai, India talks about his time at Hallmark.  See some of his work, and find out what he's been up to since graduating:, Students from the October graduating class practice capturing and freezing motion., We're excited for our next Open House on March 7th.  We'd love to see you there!  Please RSVP to let us know you are coming here: http://ow.ly/JIGZo, “It’s important to remember that the same location changes based on the time of year and time of day,” Julia says. “What works one day may not work another.”, Student Meg directs a group of dancers for a photograph that she is orchestrating., “What draws me to the sport field is the stories,” Michael Quiet says. “That’s what gets me so excited to work with these people. They’re so determined to get where they are. It’s a sacrifice. That’s what drives me to capture images for these guys. I want to help them tell their story. It’s about hard work and determination.”, Katsuhiro Ochi, known as Hiro, comes from Nagoya, Japan. He answered our questions about why he chose Hallmark, the photography education he received here, and his international experience., Last week our October graduating class spent the day working on projects in Amherst, MA., Last week our October graduating class spent the day working on projects in Amherst, MA., “Effective communication, including public speaking, can be the difference between a mediocre photography career and one that takes you beyond your expectations,” says Shelley Nicholson, director of student and career services at Hallmark Institute of Photography., Student Bekah works on photographing a child in the portrait studios., We are excited to welcome Craig Cohen of powerHouse Books to Hallmark tomorrow!, Winter wonderland! Students and faculty enjoyed what makes New England beautiful as more snow fell on Monday., How is running a photography business like dating? That’s the question Dani Klein-Williams answered for students as part of the guest lecture series at Hallmark Institute of Photography when she presented “Why Sales Are Sexy” on Thursday, Feb. 5., Student Ariel works on a tabletop glassware shot for her Phase III assignment., It's getting to be that time of year again - tax time!  Matt Jacobson-Carroll teaches the Introduction to Taxes class and here are some of his tips!, Students got experience speaking about their work as they presented their group fashion photography projects to Guest Instructor Niki Lazaridou., Students work together this week to execute a shot for their fashion photography assignment., null, “The most important thing I learned is, learn the rules—all the rules of portraits and lighting—and then you can break them later.” -Hallmark graduate Jacob Benjamin Taylor (class of 2011) on his time at Hallmark., New students get to know their new town on a field trip to Greenfield last week., We caught up with Marco Colucci, Hallmark class of 2013.  He was recently asked to photograph an "event on a boat" - next thing he knew he was photographing the US ambassador to Argentina! http://ow.ly/HQU7Z, Students enjoyed an afternoon with a select group of alumni who shared their insight and knowledge with the class. Pictured (L to R): Andrea House, Ian Christmann, Rikki Snyder, Michael Cali, Melissa Stimpson, and Jason Frank., Writing a good estimate requires practice and trial-and-error. Remember, the more questions you ask of the client at the beginning, the more detailed and accurate your estimate will be., We had a busy week last week!  We welcomed Niki Lazaridou, Onne van der Wal, and new students to Hallmark!, Hallmark graduate Tiffany Wayne was recently interviewed for the new iTunes podcast series that is about successful photographers and their journeys.  It's free to download, give it a listen to hear about her life before, and after Hallmark!, Congratulations to Bryce Gehrls, a 2009 Hallmark graduate!  One of his photos recently ran as a two page spread in the December 2014 issue of Smithsonian magazine.  Bryce, a freelance photographer specializing in real estate, commercial and portrait photography, had posted the image to Flickr and Behance.  Here's a link to the full story:  http://www.smithsonianmag.com/science-nature/mystery-why-dangerous-sand-dune-swallowed-boy-180953404/?all, Our students and staff are excited to welcome Canon Explorer of Light Onne van der Wal to Hallmark's main auditorium tomorrow!  Read more about him and see some of his work on our blog!, Students work on the video portion of their Phase II Final assignment., Photographing food . . .students work together to get the perfect shot!, Photographing food was the assignment in Commercial Studio this week., null, null, “Studio flash heads have their purpose, but photographers can get great results at a fraction of the cost with a Speedlite. Speedlites are also more versatile than studio strobes, because you can use Speedlites on or off camera,” says David Turner., Instructor Adam Quirós works one-on-one with students this week as they work on their Video assignment., If you flipped through the NEW YORK TIMES yesterday and saw a half page photo of the Cowboys...know that it was taken by Hallmark alumna Sarah Glenn. Great job Sarah Glenn! Thanks to Catherine Glenn for this shot!, Congratulations to Donald Cogdill.  He was the lucky winner of the Five Books Sweepstakes., Congratulations Julia Noack, Hallmark class of 2010!  She won The Knot Best of Weddings award for the 4th year in a row, placing her in The Knot Best of Weddings Hall of Fame!  Interesting fact:  Julia was working on a PhD in Sociology when she decided to consider a career in Photography!, Wishing you the happiest of new years!, While many people love the art of taking photographs, only a select few have the opportunity to take photographs for a living.  Here are some tips that every aspiring commercial photographer needs to successfully enter the field., Cassidy Kristiansen (Hallmark class of 2012) recently shared her Photography skills with Digital SLR Photography Magazine in a feature called “Painterly Portraits." “I received the assignment via email out of the blue one day after one of the editors spotted my image of Katie Brill on Flickr,” Cassidy says. With warm colors, soft light and deep shadows, the photograph that caught the editor’s eye looked like a fine art painting. In the article, she explains how to achieve that subtle yet dramatic effect., We're having a Sweepstakes Giveaway!  Click on the Sweepstakes tab above or visit http://s.heyo.com/1c2002 for details. Tell everyone who loves photography., Happy Holidays, to you and yours!, null, Did you know Hallmark has hosted photography students from over 30 countries? http://ow.ly/GiLKk, Students work in the Portrait Studios to create a classic head shot, & also an alternative photo of the same person., Today students had a contest to find out who has the best donuts in the state. It was Mrs. Murphy's Donuts in Southwick, MA vs. Greenfield's legendary Adam's Donuts. Guess who won!, Congratulations to 2004 Hallmark Graduate Kelly Kline of Treehouse Photo Studio. We're proud of her continued success!, Video Instructor Adam Quiros works with a student reviewing some of the differences between lighting for shooting dSLR video versus a still shot., Public Speaking... still part of the program at Hallmark because it is essential to business success.  Some students say it is probably the most nerve-wracking part of their education at Hallmark so far. Today's speeches by students focused on the vast variety of jobs in the photographic industry.  Great work to all the students who successfully completed their speeches today., At Hallmark, we also teach the business side of photography.  Hallmark students must submit a business plan with a plan of action before they are allowed to graduate from the program.  Here are some tips for starting your own photography business!, Student Anthony photographs the lovely Kelly Anne to practice working with Speedlites., Students Sam and Caro get festive while working on a tabletop shoot in the Commercial Studio., null, The fabulous Gregory Heisler provides lighting lessons on airport day last week., In case you hadn't heard, we're on Instagram now!  http://ow.ly/FBJxL, Fly Day was last week! Students got a taste of aerial photography with Tony Downer!, Over $2,500 was raised at the annual Family Portrait Fundraiser in November and 100% of the proceeds were donated to the United Way of Franklin county!  Thank you to all faculty and students who helped make this event a success, we couldn't have done it without you!, It's not too late to RSVP!  We hope to see you there!, Three Hallmark graduates work at Quirky.com, photographing new inventions submitted, and voted, on by the public.  “We launch three new products a week, so it’s a pretty fast-paced,” says Kristen. Andrea agrees, “The pace is actually pretty similar to Hallmark’s. I’m never bored.”, Our faculty love sprucing up the place for the holiday season!, null, Mayela Lopez Lozano came to Hallmark from Mexico.  She now works as an advertising and editorial photographer in Mexico.  Read what she has to say about Hallmark, and see some of her work!, Students loved the presentation today by fashion photographer Niki Lazaridou - Freelance Photographer so much today that they didn't want her to leave. What a great way to kick off the Thanksgiving break!, Congratulations Manny Fernandez, Top Portfolio award winner!  An avid sports fan, he decided that if he wasn’t going to be a professional athlete, he wanted to be the person taking pictures from the sideline., Congratulations to Scott Zuehlke (Hallmark Grad 1999) of Scott Zuehlke Photography !  He just renovated a barn on his property to be his own studio, and had his first shoot in his new studio with New Balance! We are so proud and happy for him!, Hallmark students were recently treated to a visit from Ty Boyce, Disney wedding photographer, and Hallmark alum!, Lots of creative talent in this room! Latest stop on HIP's recruitment tour, As of last week, we're on Instagram!  http://instagram.com/hallmarkinstituteofphotography, null, Don't forget! Tomorrow is our annual family portrait fundraiser for the United Way. Bring your families, grab your pets and head on over to Hallmark!, 1996 Hallmark Alumnus Cy Cyr is at it again!  As a follow up to his viral cover spoof of Golf Digest's Paulina Gretzky this Spring, he returns again with . . . .Kardashian Boys!  #kardashianboys, Rich Barnes gives students a crash course in posing to prepare them for this weekend's Annual Family Portrait Fundraiser (photo by Kemachat Sirichanvimol), Students check out the work of their classmates during this week's Phase I Final review. (Photo by Tony Downer), Amber Hankins (Hallmark 2012 graduate) was recently featured in TheDailyNewsOnline.com.  She's 21 years old and owner of her own Photography business!, A photographer who turns in a detailed, clear, and correct invoice will be paid much faster than a photographer who turns in one that is disorganized or difficult to read!  Check out our tips for creating invoices!, Congratulations to Kim Morritt - she won Portrait Photographer of the year!  You can see the full page here:, Congratulations to another hardworking graduate, Jeremy Matthews (Class of June 2014)!  He just had his photos published in a magazine for the first time!  There are more photos at the link!, When is the last time you got a great shot of your family? Join us this weekend on Saturday, November 15th for our Annual Family Portrait fundraiser, with all proceeds benefitting the United Way of Franklin County. There are a few spaces still available! Call Victoria Torres to reserve your spot: (413) 773-2208., The Imaging Theater is busy this morning as students put the finishing touches on their Phase 1 Final assignment. (David Turner photo), We had a great time at the PhotoPlus Expo!  It was wonderful to be able to catch up with some Hallmark Alumni, like Joe McNally's trusted assistants Michael Cali (Class of 2010) and Jon Cospito (Class of 2013)!, Students got a little sugar and caffeine boost from faculty and staff this morning to help get them through the last few days of their Phase I Final assignment. Good luck!, The Hallmark family is deeply saddened by the loss of one of our graduates. 2008 alumna Ashley Thomas was one of the victims of a tragic fire in Portland, Maine this past weekend. Ashley is remembered as a sweet, giving, caring soul with an infectious smile. Here are some of our favorite images from Ashley’s Final Portfolio here at Hallmark. She will be greatly missed.
An account with gofundme has been set up for Ashley’s family and business partner, fellow Hallmark graduate Mat Garber. Our thoughts are with Ashley’s family, friends and loved ones during this difficult time. http://www.gofundme.com/glegyg, null, Congratulations to our October class of 2014!   All of the graduates should be proud of completing the program and surviving the portfolio review process!  Read on to see some photos and award winners from our October graduation!, Congratulations to Maddy Talias (Hallmark class of 2012) who has a photo in People Magazine's October 2014 issue.  Her photo is of up and coming actor Ben Platt!  (Image on Bottom right below), This wonderful group spent the weekend shifting gears from a whirlwind trip to NYC, to planning shoots for their Phase I Final Portfolio assignment.  Good thing they gained that extra hour!  (Abbas Ezzeddine photo), Alessandro came to Hallmark from Italy. He says "I have no regrets about my choice to go to Hallmark. In Italy there is no school that can give you the same education and support that I got at Hallmark". He also said he learned more in 3 months at Hallmark than he did working with a professional photographer for 3 years! Thank you Alessandro for your kind words and sharing your story!, This week students spent a misty morning learning how to work with subtractive light. (Braden Chattman photo), An audience member at the Photo Plus Expo sent us this snapshot of Hallmark alumni Michael Cali and Jon Cospito assisting Joe McNally in a demonstration today., Are you heading to PDN’s annual Photo Plus Expo today?  Our students will be there, taking it all in!, Students spend the day in Northfield working with natural light. (Derrick Zellmann photo), “The production assistant for RAW had seen some of my work on Instagram. They contacted me and asked if I wanted to be part of their showcase,” Missy says.  Congratulations Missy, on being featured in this show!!, It's not too late to enter the National Geographic Photo contest!  They are accepting entries until Oct 31!  You can take a look at some of the entries on the site:, Current Hallmark student Kai-leen Hsueh recently took photos at the HealthSouth Charity 5K.  They raised over $7,000 for charity that day!  You can check out Kai-leen's photos here:, A huge CONGRATULATIONS to newest Hallmark graduates! We are all so proud of you, and are looking forward to watching your photographic journeys unfold. We are going to miss you guys!!!, This week students took a trip to scenic Shelburne Falls, where they looked for different color combinations to shoot for an assignment.  Despite the gloomy weather, students still found bursts of color to shoot!  (Photos by Derek Derrick Zellmann Photography ), Students enjoying the gorgeous New England fall backdrop. (photo by David Turner), Viviana Cardona (class of 2012) traveled from Mexico to attend Hallmark and her photos were recently featured in an editorial in Elléments Magazine!  Viviana says, "Everything in that editorial is Mexican including, the model, the wardrobe, the makeup, and the photographer. We wanted to show the world that Mexico has a lot of talent, that we can do great things.", Our next Open House is scheduled for December 6, 12:30pm-3:30pm.  We hope to see you there!  RSVP online:, This week students practiced not only capturing motion, but learned to create motion blur in photographs as a special effect., The big day is here! We are so honored to have Simon Alexander, Bobbi Lane and Scott Zuehlke here at Hallmark to review student portfolios., A HUGE congratulations goes out to the October class of 2014!  They turned in their FINAL year-end portfolios today!  (photo by Derrick Zellmann), We recently caught up with Hallmark graduate Kim Morritt. Since graduating, Kim has made it a point to enter every print competition available. Her hard work paid off and this year the Professional Photographers of Canada honored her as a Master of the Photographic Arts. Congratulations Kim!, Some students from our October graduating class, doing the happy dance after turning in their portfolios last week!, It was so great to have the fabulous Gregory Heisler in the house!, October grads had their Faculty Reviews this week….now they're gearing up for the final Portfolio Review. They need your good vibes, and maybe some 5-hr energy drinks to help them get through this last big push!, How cool! One of Hallmark's International Graduates, Prishan Pandithage, posted a photo on Twitter of Lionel Richie arriving in Sri Lanka, and the one and only Lionel Ritchie re-tweeted it!, Hallmark Institute of Photography graduate, Becca Matthew, enlisted four current Hallmark students and two recent graduates to help her photograph the Walk Now for Autism Speaks event on Saturday, September 20th in Westfield, Mass. , Students and faculty headed to Hallmark over the weekend to show off our wonderful facility during our fall Open House event. (photo by Tony Downer), Students graduating this month are working hard to print images for this week's Portfolio Review!  (Photo by Tony Downer), I think the October graduating class turning in their final portfolios this week would agree with this statement!, 6 tips for selling stock photography (and some information explaining image licensing) courtesy of Hallmark instructor Todd Verlander!  Thank you Todd!, BMX Union hired current Hallmark student Nick Nogueira to shoot their Fall BMX Jam.  Check out this photo gallery to see some of his best shots from the event!, It's not too late to RSVP online here: http://hallmark.edu/openhouse 

Hope to see you there!, Congratulations to Hallmark graduate Ian Christmann (class of 1996), for capturing the latest wedding photo to go viral!  If you haven't seen it, here it is! , You may be wondering, to attend Hallmark do you need a car?  Where will you live?  Do you need a portfolio?  A lot of prospective students have these questions and more!  Check out this link for a list of Frequently Asked Questions.  Ask any other questions you have in person at our Open House Sat October 4th!  , “Location lighting is about trying to make your subject the star without it feeling over lit,” David says. , Aniruddh Kothari came all the way from India to attend Hallmark.  Read what he has to say about transitioning to the US, and see some of his stunning photographs. , Congratulations to Viviana Cardona (Hallmark class of 2012) on this editorial spread!  Our graduates are constantly amazing us!, Hallmark students will be on location at the Will Bike 4 Food event on Sunday September 28.  As part of their Photojournalism class taught by Matthew Cavanaugh, their task will be to "tell a story with pictures and not rely on words to let the viewer know what is happening."  Stay tuned for a blog post after the event to see how it went! If you would like to participate as a cyclist in the event, registration is still open!, Welcome to all of our new students!  We're so glad you're here! Get ready to eat, live and breathe photography!  Enjoy!, null, Joe McNally's "Faces of Ground Zero, Portraits of the Heroes of September 11, 2001 Collection" is considered to be the most significant artistic endeavor to evolve from the 9/11 tragedy.  Between exhibits and book sales, this collection of photos has helped raise over 2 million dollars for the 9/11 relief effort.  , Our next Open House is scheduled for Saturday October 4th!  RSVP  here!  , Congratulations to Hallmark graduate Amy Spirito!  In August she was awarded "Top Boston Photographer" by Snapknot and was featured on their Blog about popular Boston engagement and wedding photographers! , If you photograph pets, here are some pet photography tips (and awfully cute photos!) from Hallmark Instructor, Tony Downer!, Alessandro came all the way from Italy to study Photography at Hallmark.  We spoke to him about his experience at Hallmark and what it's like transitioning to the US.  Read his story and see some of his photos, here!  , Emerging Photographer is looking to feature up and coming talent in the Winter 2015 issue, and invites you to submit up to 10 images of your work during an open submission period!  Visit the link for details, and good luck!, Fashion shoots can be notoriously stressful, as the industry is constantly striving for perfection. In our latest post, David Turner offers his advice for new photographers working on a Fashion shoot.  Thank you David for taking the time to talk to us!, null, Did you know CNN.com has a section for photography, CNN photos?  There are definitely some interesting photographs/themes.  If you would like your photos to be considered, you can submit them here:  cnnphotoblogpitch@turner.com, Thanks to some of our graduates, here's some great advice for working on set as a photographer's assistant!  If you have any tips to add, feel free to share them in the comments!, You may have heard that Audrey Hepburn's granddaughter, Emma Ferrer, is on the cover of September's Harper's Bazaar.  But did you know that Richard Avedon's grandson, Michael Avedon, was the photographer for the shoot?  Richard Avedon shot some of the most memorable photos of Audrey Hepburn for Harper's Bazaar, so his grandson Michael was the perfect choice!  , null, Cassidy Kristiansen started her own photography business in Connecticut at the age of 14. “I was given a camera for one of my birthdays, and I just kept shooting,” Cassidy says.  Thank you Cassidy for taking the time to talk to us!, Here's some advice for our recent graduates!  Thank you to Hallmark graduates Missy Davis, Matt Baldelli and Emily Rose Darrow for giving us their thoughts about becoming a Photographer's Assistant!, null, Interested in Photography?  To help you figure out what type of photography program is right for you we've provided some pros and cons of the different programs available.  We also describe the type of student who we think fits best with Hallmark.  , Damian Strohmeyer gave the commencement address at our June 27th graduation. He feels it is important for photographers to cultivate a reputation as someone who is easy to work with. “When it comes down to choosing a photographer, particularly between those of considerable talent, the one who is the easiest to work with will get the job,” Damian says., If you haven't already seen this in the media, here's another unique wedding shoot!  , “I feel like I’m demanding, but I don’t think anybody needs to get hurt to take a good picture,” says Andrew. “I’m down with the blood and the sweat but not so much the tears.”, Former Hallmark Students Emily Rose Darrow and Jason Frank discuss their experiences at Portfolio Review, and give advice to future Hallmark students.  Enjoy!, “I’m 56 years old, and I kneel down at every football game.  I have two knees that need to be replaced. People say, ‘Why don’t you just stand up?’ To give up that picture, I would never do it.” - Damian Strohmeyer, null, null, Michael Cali went to The Hole in the Wall for his first time two years ago. “I really enjoy seeing how strong willed these kids are during such a rough patch in their lives,” Michael says.  If you want to see more photos from our visit, check out our blog post.  , Did you know Hallmark has hosted students from over 30 countries?, Hallmark Institute of Photography’s graduating class faced the most important challenge of the program last week: Year-end Portfolio Review.  Simon Alexander returned as a panelist for the fourth time and continues to be impressed with the level of work that the students produce. , "Soak up every moment. Every word. Every pause and breath between words. These people want to help you. They want to better you. They care about you and what you do, because they've been there. Because they know. And because they can see things you can't." - Emily Rose Darrow (Hallmark class of 2014) on Portfolio Review, "Don't worry about the other portfolios going up. Just produce the best work you possibly can and take the constructive criticism that the judges and faculty members give into serious consideration.  The amount of effort and hard work you put into the program justifies what you get out of it, and it will show in your portfolio."  -Jason Frank (Hallmark class of 2014) on Portfolio Review, Thank you to Melissa Mullen for walking our students through a mock wedding this Spring! What a fun idea! Melissa showed them what it takes to shoot a wedding and a great time was had by all!, We have the most dedicated students and faculty on the planet. Who else would end a crazy week by volunteering to photograph all night at Franklin County's Relay for Life? Hallmark, that's who. We can't thank our wonderful volunteers enough. These folks spent a soggy night making a difference in the fight against cancer. You are all amazing!, “In my early days of my child-labor activities I was an investigator with a camera attachment … but the emphasis became reversed until the camera stole the whole show.”

–Lewis Hine, Braden Chattman brings his years of experience in the industry into the classroom at Hallmark. He recently sat down with us to discuss some of the technical aspects of post-production in photography.  Enjoy!, Class of 2015:  Don't miss our Housing and Financial Planning workshop, this Saturday June 14th from 9 AM - Noon.  Staff members will be available to help answer questions about securing housing, and members from our Financial Planning Office will be on hand to answer questions about FAFSA, private loan applications, scholarships, grants, etc.  See you then and bring your questions!  Let us know if you can make it here:  http://hallmark.edu/admissions/Special-Admissions-Events/159/#rsvphere, Here's a pretty unique wedding shoot!  , null, Thank you Ryan Watkins (Hallmark class of 2013) for organizing this show, featuring ONLY Hallmark graduates!, null, Class of 2015, now is the time to prepare for 10 months at Hallmark!  We are offering a Housing and Financial Planning workshop on June 14th and are looking forward to seeing you!, Check out these 5 Food Photography tips and see some food photography examples by Hallmark students!  (Warning:  these photos may make you hungry!), null, Melissa Stimpson, Hallmark class of 2010, always puts the clients first, from learning what style photographs they want to finding a payment plan that works for them. Her flexibility in both shooting and logistics makes her a go-to photographer in the Rhode Island area., null, We are excited about this show where all artists featured are graduates of Hallmark!  If you are near Clare, Michigan, try to check it out May 31 from 6-8pm!, We recently interviewed Rich Barnes, resident faculty member at Hallmark.  “My first goal, before photography even starts, is to put people at ease,” Rich says. He has a talent for making teenagers laugh and getting children to have a good time., You're invited! 
For the grand finale of our guest lecture series, we are honored to welcome the legendary Sam Abell to Hallmark. He will be presenting in the Auditorium of our Educational Center on Wednesday May 28th starting at 1:00pm. Guests are welcome to this event! Please notify Shelley Nicholson via email (shelley@hallmark.edu) if you'd like to attend the lecture.

Sam Abell has worked with the National Geographic Society since 1970 and is one of the more overtly artistic photographers among his magazine peers. He has lectured on photography and exhibited his images to audiences throughout the world. Sam is widely known as a speaker that will tell an involving story with a quiet, compelling demeanor. His philosophy regarding the meaning of photography in our lives will resonate with everyone who hears him., We recently interviewed resident faculty member Rich Barnes - stay tuned for the post!  Rich teaches different courses on Portraiture and gave us some great information about running a Portrait business.  This got us wondering, what "must-have" piece of equipment is in your camera bag?, Known for his candid style, Scott loves capturing the emotions of a wedding day.  “I’m always looking for emotion and people looking at what’s going on,” he says. , This week we welcomed Ellen Denuto back to Hallmark to teach students how to photograph the human form and manipulate light.  “For me, it’s all about light,” she says. “It’s about the way light falls on a subject.”  Read more about Ellen in our latest Blog post!, We have several events coming up!  We have 2 Housing and Financial Planning workshops, 2 Scholarship Entry workshops and a Portfolio review.  Check out our News/Events page for details and don't forget to RSVP!, We are so fortunate to have Matthew Cavanaugh teaching photojournalism here at Hallmark. He has worked as a photojournalist for The New York Times, The Washington Post, The Associated Press (AP), and European Press Photo Agency (EPA). He's even flown on Air Force One with the Obama administration!  , 'Tis the season for Wedding Photography!  Check out our latest blog post with more tips from Kelsey DeWitt (photo by Kelsey DeWitt), May and June are huge months for Weddings!  Here's a tip from Wedding Photographer & 2013 Hallmark graduate Kelsey DeWitt:  "Prepare for every possible scenario - You need to be 1,000 times prepared.” Kelsey recommends always having backup equipment, arriving early, scouting the location ahead of time, knowing the schedule, and being prepared for every type of weather.  (Photo by Kelsey Dewitt), Congratulations to Hallmark Graduate Katie Lewis - named Best Photographer in Fargo!  , A huge thank you to our student and faculty volunteers who spent the day at The Hole in the Wall Gang Camp today photographing campers and their families. What an incredible place to spread the joy of photography!, Don't forget - we are having an Open House May 10th from 12:30pm-3:30pm!  Check out this map of our facility for a sneak preview!  If you are planning to join us please RSVP here:  http://hallmark.edu/openhouse/, Thanks to the amazing Melissa Mullen Photography,students get a walk through of shooting an actual wedding at the beautiful Our Lady of Peace Catholic Church. With a backdrop of stunning stained-glass windows, Melissa guides the class through documenting the (mock) wedding of Chat and Angel. What a cute fake couple!, Are you a student enrolled for our class starting in September 2014? If so, we have a special Facebook Group page just for you and your future classmates.  To join this "Invitation-only" group, email Shelley at shelley@hallmark.edu now.  It's a great place to share your story, your photography and get to know your future classmates., Don't miss out on an encore presentation of our Webcast "Presenting the Pose" with Rich Barnes at 9:30pm (Eastern) tonight and tomorrow at 5:15pm & 9:30pm (Eastern). Register now: http://hallmarkedu.webex.com/, Hallmark congratulates 1999 graduate dani. fine photography for being named one of Business West's 40-under-40 Rising Stars. Check out the article here: http://businesswest.com/blog/danielle-klein-williams/, We are excited to announce our Blog has launched!  Visit it and check back often to read interviews, articles, and stories about Hallmark and photography!  , Check out this blog post to see how 2010 Hallmark graduate Julia Schwent Noack feels about being a professional photographer. (Hint: she LOVES it!) http://lifebyaphrodite.com/how-to-create-your-dream-job-photographer/, The power of social media was at play for 1996 Hallmark graduate Cy Cyr when he decided to spoof a recent Golf Digest cover photo done by his longtime idol, photographer Walter Iooss. The collage of images went viral and were seen in or on the New York Times, MSNBC, Today Show, CBS Sports, NBC, Fox, Golf Channel, Golf Digest and USA Today. Congrats Cy!, Did you know Hallmark Institute of Photography has a scholarship contest?  Check out this page for details regarding the ONE SHOT Creative Vision 2014 Scholarship!, Recently, Hallmark graduates Michael Cali (2010) and Jon Cospito (2013) got to participate in the Gulf Photo Plus workshops in Dubai, as part of the team from Joe McNally Photography. Read their blog post here to find out more:
, Check this out: scroll through the images with this article to see several shots by graduates Zach Kelsey Media and Gus Noffke Photography.
http://www.snowboardermag.com/photos/feature-presentation-top-22-terrain-park-photos-week-march2014/, Hallmark Institute of Photography is so excited to share this wonderful article we found about 2013 graduate Kelly Horn Photography. Good luck with your new business Kelly! http://pikecountycourier.com/apps/pbcs.dll/article?AID=/20140326/NEWS01/140329976/A-picture-is-worth-a-thousand-words, The faculty and staff of Hallmark Institute of Photography mourn the recent passing of 1978 graduate Robert Mulcahy. Our deepest sympathy goes out to his family and loved ones.

 http://obits.masslive.com/obituaries/masslive/obituary.aspx?n=c-robert-mulcahy&pid=170287453&fhid=11918, Congratulations to 2009 Hallmark graduate Marcus Smith Photography for making PDN's 30 2014 Our Choice of New and Emerging Photographers to watch list. Check it out here http://www.pdns30.com/gallery/2014/#23-Marcus_Smith, Ever wonder what our students do after they graduate? Well, if you are Michael Cali and Jon Cospito, you travel like mad with the renowned National Geographic Photographer Joe McNally! Check out his blog post about our jet-setting alumni:
http://www.joemcnally.com/blog/2014/02/26/i-think-im-working-these-guys-too-hard/, Congratulations to our February Class of 2014! Pictured, graduates Steven, Jason and Jessica stop for a portrait with the always colorful Tony Downer after they each received their award for Professional Portfolio Excellence.

(photo by Lauren Niedbala for Dani Fine Photography), Congratulations to our February Class of 2014! Pictured, Hallmark Institute of Photography graduate, Jessica receives her certificate from Hallmark President Ed Martin.

(photo by Lauren Niedbala for Dani Fine Photography), Congratulations to our February Class of 2014! Pictured, a standing ovation is given after out graduates receive their certificates.

(photo by Lauren Niedbala for Dani Fine Photography), What better way to celebrate the graduation of our 2014 students than a delicious lunch prepared by the incredible team at Hillside Pizza! Congratulations to all of our grads!!, The band is warming up and its almost time for our Class of 2014 students to walk in to graduation! A huge thank you to T.J. & The Peepers for filling our auditorium with some sweet sounds for the big day!, The stage is set with some beautiful flowers from Sigda Flower Shop! In just over an hour our auditorium will be filled with family, friends and faculty to celebrate the graduates of our February Class of 2014!, We love our students!, We're very excited to present our "Creative Vision 2014 Scholarship Contest!" 

If you know someone who has the passion to become a professional photographer make sure to tag or share with them., Portfolio Review time! A big congratulations to students who are going through review right now. We are seeing some great work, and are so proud of our students. Portfolio judges are: Simon Alexander, Lois Greenfield, Gregory Heisler, and Scott Zuehlke., Congratulations to Mike Ehrmann (Class of 2001), Hallmark Guest Lecturer, and staff photographer for Getty Images for some great shooting at the 2014 Sochi Olympics (and for having them selected by Gizmodo).

http://gizmodo.com/the-inside-story-of-how-olympic-photographers-capture-s-1521746623, Attention New York City folks:  Monte Isom is speaking tonight in a lecture series for the Young Photographers Alliance. You should check out this organization and go get some inspiration from Monte!
https://www.facebook.com/events/589506167810276/, A new gallery of current student work has been posted!  Take a moment to check out some of the photographs submitted by the June 2014 graduating class for their Phase I portfolios! http://hallmark.edu/studentgallery/studentwork/, In a wonderful community collaboration, Hallmark students volunteered to photograph guests at a local exhibition titled "Children of the Swift River Valley." Guests dressed in vintage period clothing, and were photographed on a backdrop custom painted by students at Northfield Elementary School. Pictured, Cindy and Sadie work to get that vintage feel. (Photo by Lisa Robinson), Congratulations to Anne Almasy, Photographer (Hallmark Class of 2001), Hallmark's Artist-in-Residence Greg Heisler  and Friend of Hallmark, Joe McNally Photography  for making Photographer's Brandsmash 30 most influential wedding and portrait photographers!

http://brandsmasher.com/30-influential-wedding-portrait-photographers/, Serious about a career in photography?

Hallmark Institute of Photography is now enrolling for Fall classes. , Check out our latest installment of "How I Got The Shot" featuring 2012 Hallmark Institute of Photography grad Ryan DeVoll Photography and this incredible studio portrait that captured for his Year-End Final Portfolio!, Students loved hearing advice and guidance from our distinguished panel of Hallmark alumni. A big thanks to Josh Campbell, Lara Kimmerer, Michael Cali, Kelsey DeWitt, Christian Goulette and Molly Goldrick!, Check out Rangefinder Magazine's latest online article featuring behind-the-scenes lighting set-ups by 4 Photography Masters including our very own Artist-In-Residence, Gregory Heisler!, Check out our latest How I Got The Shot and find out how Ian Christmann created this incredible, multi-photo family portrait!, Just wrapped up Orientation for the new January start with an awesome presentation by Monte Isom. What a great way to end the week!, We're kicking off the weekend with another "How I Got The Shot" feature. This portrait is nothing short of breathtaking so we had to catch up with recent 2013 grad, Sienna Clough, to find out how she captured this image. Click here to discover her secret..., Fly day! This week, students from the June class of 2014 took to the skies, as they shot their assignment from the back of a small fixed-wing aircraft. Photo by Mike Gibbs., Today we wrapped up a wonderful 3-day workshop with the fabulous Claire Rosen. Students were challenged to create an image that illustrated an issue of their choice using the aesthetic style of a well-known artist or art movement as reference. Check out the results of their hard work. Can you guess the issue and artist?, Congratulations to 2010 alum Justin Bordeaux, whose recent portrait series was featured by Fstoppers! We caught up with Justin and he was nice enough to let us in on how the series developed. Check it out in this week's "How I Got The Shot!", We are so excited to announce the start of our Toy Drive to benefit Toys for Tots in Western Massachusetts! For more information about how you can join Hallmark Students & Staff bring smiles to local children, click on the link below!, We are so proud of our students & staff here at Hallmark Institute of Photography! Check out their teamwork to benefit our local Food Pantry and how you can get involved to help provide food for those in need this holiday season!

http://hallmark.edu/news/, How I Got The Shot!

It may have been just in time, but Marco Colucci got it!  Read how, with the help of a friend, he captured this photo in time to make it part of his final portfolio.

http://hallmark.edu/success/theshot/?s=868, We're breaking out the gels today! Under Gregory Heisler's direction, our June grads learn how to turn simple continuous lights into moody, evocative scenes., Students did an AMAZING job today at the Family Portrait Event to raise money for the United Way! A big thanks to our talented group of volunteers., Tony tries to be stealthy, but the cowboy hat always gives him away. He's working with students from the June 2013 class, who have their first portrait and commercial studio classes this week., When is the last time you had a family portrait made? Hallmark is teaming up with Baystate Franklin Medical Center for a FAMILY PORTRAIT DAY this Saturday, November 16th. Spaces are still available, so bring your kids, bring your pets and head over to Hallmark! Call Katie Murphey at (413) 773-2254 with questions and to reserve your sitting., Student Work! We've just updated the website and added a new batch of student photography.  This week's we're continuing to show work from our February 2014 class.

View the gallery at: http://hallmark.edu/studentgallery/studentwork/, How I Got The Shot!

Read how Rikki Snyder (Class of 2011) put the right ingredients together to create a mouthwatering tabletop shot.  Besides setting up the image, she used her eye for style as well as her gift of cooking and put everything together to "Get The Shot!"

http://hallmark.edu/success/theshot/?s=866, Take a look at some of the work submitted by our February 2014 Graduates for their Phase I portfolios. http://hallmark.edu/studentgallery/studentwork/, Couldn't be more excited for Gregory Heisler's wonderful new book Gregory Heisler: 50 Portraits, Stories and Techniques from a Photographer's Photographer. What a fabulous book!, Happy Halloween from Hallmark!, How I Got The Shot!

When there's smoke, there's fire - and Kurtis Lamberton was on fire when when he got this shot.  Click on the link below to read how Kurtis used one light to make this 3 light setup.

http://hallmark.edu/success/theshot/?s=845, Congratulations to Chaz Cruz, who graduated from Hallmark in 2007!, null, New student work on the website!  This time we're showing work from an Intro to Speedlights class.  
http://hallmark.edu/studentgallery/studentwork/, New York City!!

The entire Hallmark student body traveled to the Big Apple on Friday to attend PDN’s annual Photo Plus Expo. Students had a chance to meet new people and vendors from the photography industry, attend Photo Talks by leading professionals and check out the latest and greatest products on the market for professional photographers. Pictured, students step off the bus and are ready to hit the floor of the Javits Center for the Expo., No big deal..it's just the MAYOR OF NEW YORK CITY Michael Bloomberg who threw a party to celebrate the launch of the hottest new book: "Gregory Heisler: 50 Portraits". Cool as a cucumber, Greg takes it all in stride., They did it! Congratulations to the October class of 2013, who graduated today. We are so proud of all of you!, Congratulations Greg!!!!

All of us here at Hallmark Institute of Photography would like to send our warmest congratulations to our very own Gregory Heisler! Greg's book "Gregory Heisler: 50 Portraits" was released today and we couldn't be happier (and excited) for this incredible accomplishment!

Cheers Greg!, How I Got The Shot!

It's all about supermodels and kittens this week in our latest installment of "How I Got The Shot!" This week we are featuring 2012 alum Gerry Martins who recently shot a very unique series for "World For ALL," a non-profit organization in his home of Mumbai, India. Click on the link below to view a diagram and and read Gerry's first-hand explanation of "How I Got The Shot!"

http://hallmark.edu/success/theshot/?s=839, Greg Heisler to Speak at PhotoPlus - Gregory Heisler, Hallmark's Artist-in-Residence, will be giving a seminar at this year's PhotoPlus Expo in New York City. The seminar entitled, "Gregory Heisler: The Evocative Portrait" is part of the Expo's Better Business Track. 

Photographing people with a sense of intention, deliberateness and purpose. This is what separates the casual or candid portrait from the evocative portrait. In his stimulating presentation, Gregory Heisler will inspire the photographer to change gears: to think more about "why" than "how" as you create your images. He will explain his philosophy and methodology of photographing people, balancing a conscious process of decision-making with the intuitive, unpredictable shifts that inevitably occur during the making of a portrait. But his choices are always in response to specific subjects, circumstances and clients. Employing an incredibly broad array of photographic skills, he has always sought fresh and innovative approaches to his portrait assignments and commissions.http://hallmark.edu/news/#item840, Their big day has arrived! Students from the October 2013 class turned in their final, year-end portfolio, and will spend the day with a stellar panel of guest reviewers. A dream team of Andrew Eccles, Gregory Heisler, Bobbi Lane and Scott Zuehlke provide critical analysis and invaluable feedback on each portfolio.  Photo by David Turner, How I Got The Shot!

It's time for our second installment of our new website series, "How I Got The Shot!" This week we are featuring an incredible portrait by black & white master, Billy Orr IV. Click on the link below to view a diagram and and read Billy's first-hand explanation of "How I Got The Shot!", One More Week!

All of us here at Hallmark Institute of Photography are counting down the days until the book release of our very own Artist-in-Residence, Gregory Heisler!

Have you Pre-Ordered your copy yet?, Right Now @ Hallmark Institute of Photography 

Today, students from the February 2014 Class are meeting with instructor Chat for a special equipment class where they will see and try out a variety of different photography equipment. Pictured, instructor Chat reviews some equipment with students in the auditorium including a new Broncolor strobe set up., We are exactly one week away from the Year-End Final Portfolio Review for our October 2013 Class! 

Once again, we have a distinguished panel of 3 incredible photographers who will be judging each student's 24 final images. 

Find out who they are here:, How I Got The Shot!

We are extremely excited to launch our new website series titled "How I Got The Shot!" It is an exciting weekly feature that showcases an alumni, one of their images and how they did it. We are kicking off the series with this incredible shot captured by 2012 alum, Sean Dougherty, for his Final Portfolio. Follow the link below to see the photo, a diagram of how he lit the photo and his first-hand explanation of "How I Got The Shot!"

http://hallmark.edu/success/theshot/, A few more shots from yesterday's big portfolio submission day! Pictured, students turn in their final 24 images to Director of Education Lisa Robinson and are immediately congratulated by their instructors., SMILES & CELEBRATIONS

Check out the scene from earlier today when our October 2013 Class successfully handed in their Phase IV Final Portfolios and then immediately broke out into a kickline to celebrate., Was there a Flash Mob @ Hallmark Institute of Photography?!?! 

Check out the moves that were on display earlier this morning! After a late night of editing, printing, donuts and coffee our October 2013 Class decided it was time for some organized dancing to re-energize for the final push before submitting their portfolios at 9:45AM., Right Now @ Hallmark Institute of Photography 

Today, students from our February 2014 Class are at the former First National Bank of Greenfield, Massachusetts for one of the most unique and exciting location studios they will experience during their ten-month program here at Hallmark. Check out some shots from today's location trip where students are creating some awesome shots for their Editorial Portrait assignment., ¿ Where Are They Now ? Wednesday!

It didn't take long for recent 2013 grad Ryan Watkins to get settled and begin his dream of opening up his own photography business back in his home state of Michigan. We are extremely proud of Ryan and can't wait to see some of his upcoming work! Check out this great article written with the announcement of his new business!

http://midmichigan.secondwavemedia.com/devnews/photography100113.aspx

You can also check out some of Ryan's incredible photography here on his website: http://ryanwatkinsphotography.com, Right Now @ Hallmark Institute of Photography 

Hallmark's Guest Lecture Series continues this afternoon with a presentation by L.A. fashion and celebrity portrait photographer, Cristopher Lapp. Pictured, Cristopher meets with a group of students after his presentation to answer questions and discuss their plans for their future careers in the photo industry.

You can check out more of Cristopher's incredible photography here on his website: http://www.cristopherlapp.com, Right Now @ Hallmark Institute of Photography 

With just 6 days before Year-End Final Portfolios are due, students from our October 2013 Class are working tirelessly to capture the final few photographs that they will submit. Pictured, student Colton is busy in the Commercial Studio adding some final details to the set of his environmental still life photograph., Right Now @ Hallmark Institute of Photography

Students from the June 2014 Class are in the Auditorium with instructors Chat, David and Tony where they are having a Photo Critique to review the photographs they submitted from last week's assignment in Brattleboro, Vermont., Students from our June 2014 Class were back on location this week when they traveled to Brattleboro, Vermont for their contrast and composition assignment. Pictured, student Ness works to capture a portrait of fellow classmate Karly for the portrait portion of their assignment., If you, or someone you know, are interested in becoming a Professional Photographer, then join us on Saturday October 5th from 12:30-3:30., Right Now @ Hallmark Institute of Photography

It's a beautiful day for a location trip! Our new students from the June 2014 Class are enjoying the fall weather in beautiful downtown Brattleboro, Vermont while working alongside instructors to capture photographs for their contrast and composition assignment., Have you or a family member of friend ever considered becoming a professional photographer? Dreamt of turning your passion for photography into a career you love?

Come and see how so many have done just that! Hallmark's next Open House is less than 2 weeks away and YOU ARE INVITED!, Right Now @ Hallmark Institute of Photography

Today, students from the February 2014 Class were busy in the Design Lab working on creating their websites. Pictured, student Jason makes a few final edits to a photograph from a recent motocross shoot before it is uploaded to his website., Right Now @ Hallmark Institute of Photography

For the second half of today's Location Studio students from the October 2013 Class traveled to the Tea Room in Greenfield, Massachusetts to continue their lessons on location lighting. Pictured, some of the students from the October group work together with instructors Gregory Heisler and David Turner to capture an environmental portrait that mimicks morning light., Right Now @ Hallmark Institute of Photography

On Tuesday, students from the October 2013 took a breather from their Year-End Final Portfolios to enjoy a Photo History class with instructors Gregory Heisler, Tony Downer and David Turner. Pictured, students get a first hand look at a collection of unique film cameras including medium and large-format cameras., Right Now @ Hallmark Institute of Photography

With less than two weeks remaining before the Year-End Final Portfolio deadline, students from the October 2013 Class are busy capturing their final photographs that will be submitted for review. Pictured, student Victoria carefully adjusts the set for her reflective metal still life., Right Now Hallmark Institute of Photography

It's Friday and the start of a very important (and busy) weekend of finishing Phase II Final Portfolios for our February 2014 Class. Pictured, student Jessica makes a few small adjustments to her set with some help from instructor Chat Sirichanvimol., Right Now @ Hallmark Institute of Photography

Is it Halloween already? Nope, but that's not stopping student Ashley from our February 2014 Class from going all out and creating an incredible Self Portrait for her Phase II Final Portfolio. After hours of make-up student Ashley is currently in the Portrait Studios capturing her self-portrait with some help from fellow classmate Olivia., Right Now @ Hallmark Institute of Photography

On Wednesday, students from the June 2014 Class put their new knowlege and cameras to work when they traveled to Greenfield, Massachusetts for their first location shoot. Pictured, students gather together to capture a shot of instructor Tony Downer., Right Now @ Hallmark Institute of Photography

Today, students from our new September 2014 Class were issued their new Canon 5D Mark III cameras. Pictured, students learn hands-on some of the functions of the camera by capturing a motion photograph of a leaping instructor (David Turner)., Right Now @ Hallmark Institute of Photography

Students from our new June 2014 Class are attending their very first classes this week and are being introduced to many basic photography principles including the elements of exposure and using a light meter. Pictured, students practice metering for daylight exposure with instructor David Turner just outside Hallmark's Educational Center., Are You Ready?

Ready to meet professional photographers, artists and business people who love to teach?

Ready to take part in actual studio shooting sessions?

Ready to hear how we train our graduates to be successful storytellers in today's imaging world?

Ready to talk to our current students about their passion for photography and why they chose Hallmark?

Here is your opportunity. Join us October 5th for our Open House for Careers in Photography! RSVP today!, Right Now @ Hallmark Institute of Photography

Students from all three of our classes gathered together in Hallmark's auditorium today for a presentation by special guest lecturer Clay Patrick McBride. Pictured, Clay speaks to Hallmark students about his incredible career that has included projects with music stars like Metallica, Kid Rock, Green Day and Jay-Z., Right Now @ Hallmark Institute of Photography

Students from our new June 2014 Class are in the auditorium for day 2 of Orientation which includes a lecture from special guest Barbara Bordnick. Pictured, a few students from the new class enjoy a cup of coffee while waiting for the afternoon lecture., Right Now @ Hallmark Institute of Photography

Welcome Class of 2014! This week we welcome our new students from the June 2014 Class. Pictured, Director of Education Lisa Robinson speaks to the class during day one of their three-day Orientation., Right Now @ Hallmark Institute of Photography

On Tuesday the February 2014 Class was introduced to new speed light techniques during a lighting lecture with instructors Gregory Heisler and David Turner. Pictured, students get together for a fun group photo to demonstrate the use of syncing multiple speed lights together., "My Week with Heisler - Pt. 1"

Check out this awesome article about our very own Artist-in-Residence, Gregory Heisler, written by Sara Lando for The Strobist!, Right Now @ Hallmark Institute of Photography

Students from the February 2014 Class returned from their Summer Break this week and were greeted by a fun and informative location lecture from instructors Gregory Heisler and David Turner. Pictured, Gregory captures a group portrait of students (left to right) Joe, Aubrey and Emily Rose with some help from instructor David., Students from the October 2013 Class continued their series of location lighting trips this week when they traveled to a very unique residence called the Round House in Colrain, Massachusetts. Pictured, Hallmark's Artist-in-Residence Gregory Heisler has some fun with the students while going over techniques on how mimic natural sunlight with the use of strobes., With the Year-End Portfolio Deadline just four weeks away students from our October 2013 Class are meeting one-on-one with instructors to review the images that have been captured thus far in Phase IV. Pictured, instructor Rich Barnes reviews a collection of portraits captured by student Colton in Hallmark's Imaging Theatre., 50 Days 'til 50 Portraits!

The excitement is building here at Hallmark Institute of Photography as we count down the days until the release of our very own Gregory Heisler's book, 50 Portraits! Just 50 more days! Have you pre-ordered your copy yet?, Check out our NEW Weekly Student Gallery to see some awesome aerial shots captured from an airplane by our February 2014 Class, including this really cool photo by Aubrey:

http://hallmark.edu/studentgallery/studentwork/#ad-image-0, Right Now @ Hallmark Institute of Photography

Our mad scientist/instructor/cowboy Tony Downer is in the equipment room checking and preparing all of the photo gear before our new September Class arrives in less than 2 weeks. It’s not too late to be part of this upcoming class here at Hallmark!

Classes begin on September 16th so call today (413.863.2478) to speak to one of our Admissions Representatives about turning your passion for photography into your future career., Right Now @ Hallmark Institute of Photography

Students from the October 2013 Class are are busy in the studios this week continuing to create and capture photographs for their Year-End Portfolio. Pictured, student Megan carefully makes some adjustments to an intricate still-life photograph featuring jewelry that her sister makes., Another fun shot from yesterday's location trip to the former Strathmore Paper Mill. Check out Artist-in-Residence Gregory Heisler going ABOVE and beyond to help light a portrait for student Adam!, Right Now @ Hallmark Institute of Photography

Students from the October 2013 Class continue their series of location lighting classes this week when they travel to the former Strathmore Papermill in downtown Turners Falls. Pictured, student Marina (left) prepares to photograph fellow classmates Missy & Victoria with some help from Artist-in-Residence Gregory Heisler and fellow classmates Adam and Nashoba., Here are a few of our favorite student images from last week’s location trip to the Northampton Airport. Check out more incredible portraits made during this trip in Hallmark’s BRAND NEW Student Gallery: 

http://hallmark.edu/studentgallery/studentwork/#ad-image-0
, What's Happening @ Hallmark Institute of Photography?!

This past weekend Hallmark opened it's doors to the public for our very first Open Portfolio Review Day. Attendees had an opportunity to bring their best 10-15 images to be reviewed by four of Hallmark's incredible instructors. Pictured, attendees meet with instructors (clockwise from top left) Braden, David, Tony & Greg to review a collection of their photographs., Right Now @ Hallmark Institute of Photography

Hallmark welcomes back photographer, author and former president of Professional Photographers of America, Jack Reznicki as part of our Guest Lecture Series. Pictured, Jack speaks to both our October 2013 and February 2014 Classes about his career as well as the importance of knowing your rights as a photographer and being an active advocate in the profession., Right Now @ Hallmark Institute of Photography

The October 2013 Class begins a series of Location Shoots this week when they travel to Berkshire Brewing Company in South Deerfield, Massachusetts. Pictured, Hallmark's Artist-in-Residence Gregory Heisler reviews several location lighting techniques including the use of strobes and gels., Right Now @ Hallmark Institute of Photography

Students from the February 2014 Class are busy in the Commercial Studio this week creating and capturing environment still life photographs. Pictured, instructor Chat Sirichanvimol assists student Emily with making a few minor adjustments to perfect her picnic inspired still life., Right Now @ Hallmark Institute of Photography

In their Location Studio class students from the February 2014 Class are learning how to use speed lights on location. Pictured, Hallmark's Artist-in-Residence, Gregory Heisler, leads a live demonstration and captures a unique portrait of student Dean (r) with some assistance from student Alex., It’s not too late to be part of this upcoming class here at Hallmark Institute of Photography! 

Classes begin on September 16th so call today (413.863.2478) to speak to one of our Admissions Representatives about turning your passion for photography into your future career., Right Now @ Hallmark Institute of Photography

The February 2014 Class finished off the week at the Northampton Airport for their "Fly Day" location trip. Not only did students have an opportunity to go up in an airplane to shoot aerial photographs but they were also introduced to the magic of shooting portraits with strobes on location. Pictured (from left to right), Jessica, Olivia, Sarah and Sami work together to capture their first on-location strobe assignment., This Week our October 2013 Class submitted their Phase III Additional Personal Submissions. Check out a small sample of the images created for this assigment..., Right Now @ Hallmark Institute of Photography

Students from the February 2014 Class are getting ready for Friday's location trip to the Northampton Airport with a lighting lecture from instructors Gregory Heisler and David Turner. Pictured, Artist-in-Residence Gregory Heisler poses for student Lauren and her fellow classmates during their lecture on using portrable strobes on location., Right Now @ Hallmark Institute of Photography

The February 2014 Class is continuing to push their creativity in the Portrait Studio this week. Pictured, student Olivia gets some air while modeling for an Alternative Portrait., Right Now @ Hallmark Institute of Photography

Students from the February 2014 Class are in the Portrait Studios this week working on capturing their PR and Alternative Portraits. Pictured, student Charles captures a very interesting alternative portrait of Dan with some assistance from fellow classmate Meg., Speaking of Photo Contests...

Check out this awesome photo contest sponsored by Popular Photo!, And the Winner is...

Kimberly Moss! Congrats Kimberly. We all loved the fun and energetic shot of your pup!

Please send us a facebook message and we will send you your prize pack!

Thank you to all those who entered and voted! Stay tuned for details on our next upcoming Photo Contest!, Congratulations to Marci Smith who was the Popular Vote Winner in the Hallmark Pet Photo Contest with this shot of her pup, Evan. 

Marci, please send us a facebook message and we will send you your prize pack!

Check back at 10am when we announce the winner of our Faculty & Staff Pick!, We're in the home stretch!

Just 2 more hours to vote for your favorite Pet Portrait in our Pet Photography Contest. Best of luck to all of our four-legged friends and their photographers!, It's not too late!

There is still time to enter your favorite pet portrait in our Pet Photo Contest! Entries and voting ends tomorrow at Noon!, Hallmark Institute of Photography is extremely excited to announce a once in a lifetime opportunity…and YOU are invited!

Hallmark’s first ever Portfolio Review Day will be held on August 24th and will feature four of our esteemed faculty members ready to meet with you, look at your work and provide invaluable feedback on how to take your photography to the next step.

Don’t miss out on this unique opportunity! There are a limited number of spots available so be sure to email derrick@hallmark.edu to register today!, *BREAKING (and very exciting) NEWS* will be announced in just 30 minutes!

check back at 12:30!, It's Friday and once again we are kicking the weekend off by catching up with one of our recent 2013 grads. This week we sat down with the one-and-only Aniruddh Kothari to talk photography, his future career plans, and his experience at Hallmark. Don't miss this fun and very entertaining interview with Ani.

And be sure to check out Aniruddh's website to see more of his incredible photography:

http://aniruddhphoto.com/, Will it be a dog? a cat? maybe a horse?

You decide! Stop by our Pet Photo Contest and vote for your favorite pet portrait., Right Now @ Hallmark Institute of Photography

Students from the February 2014 Class are becoming more advanced in video production with several video lectures and hands-on classes this week. Pictured, guest lecturer Adam Quiros reviews some audio techniques with student Dan during a video class in Hallmark's Video Editing Lab., ¿ Where Are They Now ? Wednesday!

In this week's alumni spotlight we are psyched to feature the accomplishments of 2009 Hallmark alum, Marcus Smith! Since graduating Hallmark Marcus has not only been commissioned by Team USA Basketball and the Air Jordan Brand but he is also about to be featured in next month's PDN Magazine! For a sneak peak at his feature in the September issue of PDN Magazine check out his blog. And while you're there take a look at his website and the incredible projects he has been working on!
 
Help us congratulate Marcus and hit SHARE to spread this incredible news!, What's Happening @ Hallmark Institute of Photography

Hallmark is very excited to welcome back 2001 alum, Melissa Mullen, as our special guest lecturer this week. Pictured, Melissa meets with students in the Classroom of Hallmark's Educational Center to discuss strategies for beginning a new career in photography and tips to opening a successful photography studio., Have you entered yet? Have you voted yet? 

Don't forget to check out Hallmark Institute of Photography's Pet Photo Contest!, What's Happening @ Hallmark Institute of Photography

Students from the February 2014 Class kicked the week off with an exciting landscape location field trip to Amherst Massachusetts with instructor Michael Zide Photography. Pictured, a photo captured by current student Sarah Bentley of her fellow classmates practicing their newly learned landscape techniques., Just recently it was Pet Photography Week here at Hallmark. Now, we want to see YOUR best pet portraits. Enter your favorite pet photo for a chance to win a Hallmark T-Shirt AND an 11x14 Print of your photo! One winner will be determined by the popular vote (so make sure to hit SHARE after you enter to spread the word to your friends). Another winner will be chosen by our staff here at Hallmark!

http://woobox.com/esi6hy

So hop to it! Enter your pet photo at the link above and then tell your friends to vote for your photo!, It's Friday!

We're kicking off the weekend by catching up with one of our recent 2013 grads, Andrea House. Be sure to check out this little video feature and then hop on over to Andrea's website to see more of her incredible photography!

http://www.andreahousephotography.com, Right Now @ Hallmark Institute of Photography

Students from the February 2014 Class are continuing to add more studio portrait lighting techniques to their repertoire this week. Pictured, instructor Tony Downer works with students Ashley (left) and Meg (right) on their background light portrait assignment., ¿ Where Are They Now ? Wednesday!

This week we are really excited to share a beautiful ongoing photography project by 1999 grad Melanie Considine that was recently featured by Valley News in Vermont. Read Melanie's story and her unique, self-assigned mission to photograph every town in Vermont.

You can also check out the work she has been creating during this project here: 

www.vermont251in365.com, Right Now @ Hallmark Institute of Photography

The February 2014 Class are busy learning new lighting techniques in the Commercial Studio this week. Pictured, students Alex and Dean work together to perfect a still life photograph during a lighting lecture and practical., Right Now @ Hallmark Institute of Photography

Students from the February 2014 Class continue to work on creating light this week during their Location Studio class with Hallmark's Artist-in-Residence, Gregory Heisler. Pictured, Olivia and Joe work together to create a location portrait using colored gels to simulate a unique environment., Right Now @ Hallmark Institute of Photography

Students from the October 2013 Class are once again learning new Photoshop techniques to better enhance their future photographs. Pictured, student Adam follows along with instructor Braden Chatman during an Imagine Workflow lecture in the Imaging Theatre., As we mentioned yesterday, it’s Pet Photography Week here at Hallmark Institute of Photography!

To celebrate we’ve gone into the Hallmark archives and put together some of our favorite pet portraits from the past few years. If you love animals half as much as our instructor and pet photography expert, Tony Downer, you will love this album of furry friends! Happy Friday Everyone!, Right Now @ Hallmark Institute of Photography

It's the Dog (and Cat) Days of Summer here at Hallmark and students from our October 2013 Class couldn't be more excited about it. That's right, it's Pet Photography Week here at Hallmark! Students are working with instructor and resident pet photography expert, Tony Downer, to capture unique portraits of some four-legged friends. Pictured, Tony captures a group photo of the October 2013 Class along with Coco and Mr. Chips.

Check back in tomorrow when we show off some of our all time favorite Pet Portraits taken by our Hallmark Students., Right Now @ Hallmark Institute of Photography

In the Commercial Studios this week our February 2014 Class is learning techniques to incorporate small props with product photographs. Pictured, student Dean makes some minor adjustments to his product set up before capturing a shot for his commercial assignment., Right Now @ Hallmark Institute of Photography

Instructor David Turner is introducing the October 2013 Class to the world of fashion photography this week. Pictured, students work together with David in the main lobby of Hallmark's Educational Center to practice new techniques focusing on Catalog Fashion., Right Now @ Hallmark Institute of Photography

The February 2014 Class are being introduced to basic lighting techniques this week. After a lecture on Thursday students get hands-on during a practical on Friday. Pictured, student Olivia captures a portrait of fellow classmate Joe with some assistance from Hallmark's Artist-in-Residence Gregory Heisler and classmate Charlie., Right Now @ Hallmark Institute of Photography

Students from the October 2013 Class are completing the final images that will be submitted next week for their Phase III Final Portfolios. Pictured, student Missy (left) captures a low-key portrait of her subject, Bill, with some help from fellow classmate Victoria., Right Now @ Hallmark Institute of Photography

Students from the February 2014 Class are getting their first lighting lectures in the Portrait and Commercial Studios this week. Pictured, student Sami receives some advice from instructor Dick D'Alessandro on how to light and photograph a round object in the Commercial Studio., It's Monday and time to show off some of the amazing images being capture here @ Hallmark Institute of Photography!

This week we are featuring a sampling of photographs that were submitted this past Friday by our February 2014 Class for their very first portfolio. Congratulations!, Right Now @ Hallmark Institute of Photography

After successfully submitting Phase I Final Portfolios last week, students from the February 2014 Class are being introduced to working in the studios this week. Pictured, students attend a lecture in the Portrait Studio with instructor Rich Barnes who demonstrates how to adjust a strobe light to create different lighting patterns.

Anyone know the name for the lighting pattern shown here?, Right Now @ Hallmark Institute of Photography

The February 2014 Class are sitting in on their very first Portfolio Review today. Students are gathered in the auditorium where they'll have an opportunity to view each other's Phase I Final Portfolios and have their images critiqued by instructors. Pictured, instructor Dick D'Alessandro reviews the commercial product shots submitted by students for their first portfolio assignment., Right Now @ Hallmark Institute of Photography

Students from the February 2014 Class will be submitting their Phase I Final Portfolio tomorrow. Pictured, student Joe takes a closer look at his 10 prints that will make up his first portfolio here at Hallmark., Right Now @ Hallmark Institute of Photography

Students from the October 2013 Class are in class with instructor Michael Zide for a lecture and practical on capturing portraits using window light. Pictured, student Victoria  (far right) captures a window-lit portrait of Marina with some help from fellow classmate Colton and his reflector., Right Now @ Hallmark Institute of Photography

Students from the October 2013 Class are in Bernardston, Massachusetts for a location class at the The Farm Table Restaurant. Pictured, Hallmark's Artist-in-Residence Gregory Heisler works with students and demonstrates the techniques to light and capture food photography on location., Right Now @ Hallmark Institute of Photography

Our October 2013 Class returned from their two-week summer recess today and jumped right back into completing their Phase III Final Portfolios. Pictured, instructor Tony Downer reviews an environmenal portrait captured by student Victoria in the IT of Hallmark's Educational Center., ¿ Where Are They Now ? Wednesday!

This week we are really excited for 2006 Hallmark grad, Ed Cañas, who will be showcasing an incredible series of photographs in a Solo Exhibition at the 1650 Gallery in Los Angeles, California. Ed's Solo Exhibition titled, "THE NEW AMERICANS," will be held this Saturday, July 6th from 7:30-10:30pm.

You can check out a really cool mini-documentry about Ed and his photography here: http://bit.ly/18rAPfP

Join us in congratulating Ed and be sure to check out more of his work here on his website: http://edcanas.com, Just over a week ago our June 2013 Graduates celebrated the achievements of their 41 week journey with a very special commencement ceremony. Check out some of the highlights in this video from the 38th Annual Hallmark Institute of Photography Spring Graduation..., It's Monday and time to show off some of the amazing images that have been created her @ Hallmark Institute of Photography.

We are extremely excited (and we know you are too) about featuring some of the incredible photographs that were submitted by our June 2013 Class for their Year-End Final Portfolios. So without further ado, here they are..., What's Happening @ Hallmark Institute of Photography?!

Students from the February 2014 Class are back on location this week in Northfield, Massachusetts. Yesterday, students worked with instructors Braden Chattman and Richard Barnes to create outdoor portraits using open shade. Pictured, students Dan, Jessica and Jason work together with instructor Braden Chattman at the Northfield Resevoir., Congratulations to our June 2013 Class!

Check out some photographs captured from a very special 2013 Commencement!, Congratulations Class of 2013!!!!

What an incredible Graduation Ceremony! This morning Hallmark Institute of Photography held its 38th Annual Spring Commencement to celebrate the achievements of the June 2013 Class. Representing 20 of the United States as well as India and Japan this year’s class was as diverse as it was creative. Pictured, student commencement speaker, Kelsey DeWitt addresses her fellow Hallmark graduates, faculty and guests with a fun and memorable speech., Right Now @ Hallmark Institute of Photography!

Tonight Hallmark is hosting a private reception to honor the students from our June 2013 Class. Hallmark faculty, students and their friends & family are gathering in Hallmark's Administrative Building for food, drink and an opportunity to view a gallery of photographs created by our soon-to-be graduates. Pictured, students gather together with instructor Chat for a group photo on the eve of their graduation., Don’t miss this fun and unique opportunity to see some of the incredible work created by our June 2013 Class. Take a stroll through downtown Turners Falls where 14 local businesses will open up their doors to feature the work of local artists including a number of our soon-to-be Hallmark grads. Enjoy some great food & drink while viewing some amazing photography tonight from 5:30-8:30!, Hallmark is excited to announce world-renowned photographer David Burnett as the keynote speaker for the Class of 2013!

David is a photojournalist with more than 4 decades of work covering the news, the people, and visual tempo of our age. After graduating from Colorado College in 1968 he began working as a freelancer for Time and then Life, first in Washington D.C. and Miami, and later in South Vietnam. His incredible images have captured the globe and in a recent issue of American Photo magazine David was named one of the "100 Most Important People in Photography."

Check out some of his incredible photographs here on his website…, Final Reviews are winding down with just a few more portfolios left to be judged by our panel. Pictured, student Sydney reacts to hearing "Portfolio Accepted" and listens closely to a critique from panelist Bambi Cantrell., Two weeks ago we announced the exciting news about the return of Hallmark's Visionary Scholarship. Check out this video of our Artist-in-Residence, Gregory Heisler, speaking about this incredible opportunity for those who want to become a professional photographer., We are about half way through the Year-End Final Portfolios and some really incredible work has been critiqued. Pictured above, student Brahm (left) listens carefully to comments made about his body of work by panelist Gregor Halenda, while below one of the very impressive examples from Brahm's portfolio., Day Two of Final Portfolio Reviews kicked off this morning with the words, "Portfolio Accepted" for June 2013 student Marco. Pictured above, Marco celebrates with the portfolio panel while below, one of his incredible portraits from his 24 final images., Final Portfolio Review Week

It's here! Final Portfolio Reviews just kicked off and there is definitely an exciting/nervous buzz in the Auditorium. Check out a couple of shots of our esteemed panel reviewing the first portfolio and of student Melinda giving a hug to instructor Tony Downer after hearing the words,  "Portfolio Accepted."

We are so excited for our June 2013 students who have worked so hard for the past 39 weeks. Enjoy this very exciting Week 40!, The rain was not enough to stop or even dampen the spirits of those committed to another successful Relay for Life this year at the Franklin County Fairgrounds in Greenfield, MA. We are so proud of our faculty and students who braved a soggy evening to capture this incredible event and those walking to help the fight against cancer. Here are just a few of the many photos taken in the last 24 hours.

More to come next week!, The excitement was pretty apparent today. Congrats to our June 2013 Class who submitted their Final Portfolios this afternoon!, Right Now @ Hallmark Institute of Photography

After a week of revising and putting the finishing touches to their 24 images, students are ready to submit their Year-end Final Portfolios to be judged by the esteemed panel of top professional photographers next week. Check out this shot of our IT taken just minutes ago by Hallmark instructor, Tony Downer., This Week @ Hallmark Institute of Photography

Students from the February 2014 Class are back out on location this week in downtown Northampton, Massachusetts. Pictured, students gather under a train bridge in the downtown area to help their classmate Jason create a portrait of a Northampton resident., Hallmark Institute of Photography is excited and honored to announce that we will once again be capturing the spirit of the Relay For Life event being held this Saturday, June 8th at the Franklin County Fairgrounds in Greenfield, Massachusetts.

Hallmark faculty, staff and students will be there, cameras-in-hand, to photograph the event that celebrates the lives of those who have battled cancer, remembers loved ones lost, and raises money to help fight against this disease that has affected so many. We are so honored to be part of such an incredible event.

Check out this video from the 2011 Relay For Life created by Hallmark students and instructors..., ¿ Where Are They Now ? Wednesday!

This week we are thrilled to share some very exciting news from 2005 alum, Philip Lehans. Philip's photography book, "These Hamptons," a dynamic portrayal of the famed East End of Long Island, has been published! Philip's book is a culmination of a four year project that captures the year-round landscape, lifestyle and culture of the Hamptons. You can order a copy now on Amazon - just click on the link below!

Congratulations Philip!

You can also check out more of Philip's photography by visiting his website: http://lehans.com, It's Monday and time to show off some of the incredible work that is being captured here at Hallmark Institute of Photography!

This week we are really excited to feature some of the first photographs captured by our new February 2014 Class. Here is an album of portraits from their recent Location Trip to Brattleboro, Vermont. Can you believe these portraits were captured in just their second week of school?!, Ever wonder what it's like as a Hallmark Institute of Photography student just moments before and after handing in your FINAL PORTFOLIO? Well we think this behind-the-scenes video from earlier this week pretty much sums it up…, We're very excited to announce the return of the Hallmark Visionary Scholarship. This is a wonderful opportunity for someone who wants to become a professional photographer. Check out the link and share with your friends. The deadline to complete the scholarship application process is July 31, 2013!, Check out this crazy shot captured by our artist-in-residence, Gregory Heisler, with some help from students from our October 2013 Class! Students from our October group were introduced to shooting with off-camera speed lights today. After a lighting lecture with instructors Gregory Heisler and David Turner, students got hands-on and began capturing environmental portraits of one another., ¿ Where Are They Now ? Wednesday!

We are extremely proud and excited to feature the work of Andy Bardon, a Hallmark Institute of Photography grad whose incredible photographs are on display in June's issue of National Geographic. Last Spring, Andy spent weeks on end documenting an expedition to the world's highest mountain, Mount Everest. He climbed with the athletes, breathed the same thin air of the Himalaya, and captured some remarkable photographs that have helped tell the National Geographic story, "Everest Maxed Out." 

You can check out more of Andy's photography on his website:  www.andybardon.com, CONGRATULATIONS!

Just minutes ago, the June 2013 Class submitted their Year-End Final Portfolios! Here's a glimpse of the final edits, the prints, the final minutes before Portfolio Submissions!, THE FINAL HOUR!

Less than an hour until Final Portfolios are due!, PORTFOLIO DAY!

It's here, the day in which all of our Hallmark Institute of Photography students have been working towards over the past 10 months. Students from our June 2013 Class will be submitting their Year-End Final Portfolios today at 11:45am.

To get a behind-the-scenes look at the Final Portfolio process, take a look at this video!, It's the Friday before Final Portfolios are due! We are quite busy around here but not busy enough to feature one of our current students...this week we put the spotlight on Brandon Kane!, THE COUNTDOWN IS ON!!

With Year-End Final Portfolios due on Tuesday students are working around the clock to capture their last few photographs. Pictured, student Marco meters for the proper exposure before capturing a unique still life image., Hallmark Institute of Photography is pleased to announce the selection of three world-class photographers as panelists for the June 2013 Year-End Final Portfolio Review.

And the panelists are…, We've got some BIG news here at Hallmark Institute of Photography and we can't wait to share it with you. What could it be?

Check back in 2 hours at 5pm to find out!, ¿ Where Are They Now ? Wednesday!

This week we'd like to feature and congratulate another Hallmark Institute of Photography grad whose photography was recently published. Gage Thompson, a 2009 alum, has some of his incredible skateboarding photography in a photo feature in this month's issue of BL!SSS Magazine! Check out the photos from the magazine feature by clicking on the story below!

You can also check out more of Gage's photography on his website & facebook page:

http://www.gagethompson.com
Gage Thompson Photography

Congrats Gage!, Right Now @ Hallmark Institute of Photography

It's a pretty exciting day over here at Hallmark for our new students from the February 2014 Class as they are being issued their Canon 5D Mark III cameras and Sekonic light meters. Pictured, students work with instructor Tony Downer during their first photo practical where they learn how to meter for a properly exposed portrait., It’s Monday, which means it’s time to showcase some of the photographs being created here at Hallmark Institute of Photography!

Last week students from the October 2013 Class submitted their Phase II Final Portfolios so we thought it would be fun to show off some of the photographs they created., ¿ Where Are They Now ? Wednesday!

This week we'd like to put the spotlight on 2010 Hallmark Institute of Photography grad, Melissa Stimpson. Where is Melissa you ask? Well, her photograph of fisherman, Rodman Sykeswas, was actually featured on the cover of SO Rhode Island Magazine and was recently awared the 2012 Best Cover Award by the Rhode Island Press Association. You can see more of Melissa's incredible photography on her website and facebook page:

www.melissastimpson.com
Melissa Stimpson Photography

Congrats Melissa!, Hallmark's Guest Lecture Series continued yesterday when Denver-based food photographer Rick Souders returned. Rick not only spoke to Hallmark students about his career but also demonstrated a live shoot. Pictured, Austin and John, two members of Rick's team, help to prepare a beverage shot., What Happening @ Hallmark Institute of Photography

Hallmark’s Guest Lecture Series continued this week when Colin Finlay spoke to the June & October 2013 classes about his career as a documentary photographer. For Almost twenty-five years, Finlay has documented the human condition with compassion, empathy and dignity. He has covered war and conflict, disappearing traditions, the environment in both its glory and its devastation, genocide, famine, religious pilgrimage, and global cultures., It’s Monday, which means it’s time to showcase some of the photographs being created here at Hallmark Institute of Photography!

This week we are featuring the portraits captured by our October 2013 class from their location shoot at the Northampton Airport., What's Happening @ Hallmark Institute of Photography

Hallmark’s Guest Lecture Series continues this week with a presentation from Andy Biggs. Pictured, Andy speaks to the June & October 2013 classes about his career as an avid adventurer, conservationist, teacher, and outdoor photographer., ¿ Where Are They Now ? Wednesday!

This week we'd like to feature and congratulate another Hallmark grad whose photography was recently published. Michael Quiet's incredible work can be seen in this month's issue of Muscle & Fitness! Check out the photos from the magazine and much more of Michael's work by clicking on the story below!, Right Now @ Hallmark Institute of Photography

The June 2013 Class is back on location this week at The Daily Hampshire Gazette in Northampton, Massachusetts. Students are creating some unique environmental portraits with instructors Gregory Heisler and David Turner., It’s Monday, which means it’s time to showcase some of the photographs being created here at Hallmark Institute of Photography!

This week we are featuring a small sample of the incredible photography that was submitted by our June 2013 class for their Phase III Additional Personal Submissions., What's Happening @ Hallmark Institute of Photography

This week students are working with instructor Michael Zide on techniques for photographing weddings. The hands on class explores lighting and posing both brides and grooms for unique wedding portraits. Pictured, student Aniruddh captures a bridal portrait of fellow classmate Deegan with some help from Michael Zide and fellow classmates Na-Na and Ralph., What's Happening @ Hallmark Institute of Photography

This week students from the June 2013 class meet with instructors to review the photographs they have created thus far in Phase IV. Pictured, current student Brandon sits in on a critique with instructors Michael Merritt (left) and Richard Barnes (right)., Right Now @ Hallmark Institute of Photography

Students from the June 2013 class are on location at the former Strathmore Paper Mill in downtown Turners Falls. They are continuing to master the art of blending their strobe lights with the ambient light that is available in their environment. Pictured, student Kelsey creates a portrait of fellow classmate Sienna with some help from fellow classmate Andrea and instructors David Turner and Gregory Heisler., It’s Monday and time to show off some of the work being captured by students here at Hallmark. Last week students were on location at the “Round House,” a circular shaped residence in Colrain, Massachusetts. Here are some shots taken of students in action and the final products they captured.

1 of 2, It’s Monday and time to show off some of the work being captured by students here at Hallmark. Last week students were on location at the “Round House,” a circular shaped residence in Colrain, Massachusetts. Here are some shots taken of students in action and the final products they captured.

2 of 2, Two of Hallmark's finest will be speaking at the Williston Northampton School next Tuesday April 23rd. Braden and Michael will be presenting a talk about the "Changing World of Landscape Photography." The event is open to the public and starts at 6:30pm. Hope to see you there!, ¿ Where Are They Now ? Wednesday!

This week we'd like to feature and congratulate 2011 Hallmark grad, Sarah Zimmerman. Sarah's photograph of the Vanderbilt Mansion in Hyde Park, NY was featured in an article by Country Living!

You can check out more of Sarah's photography on her website and facebook page:

http://sarahzimmermanphotography.com
Sarah Zimmerman Photography, What's Happening @ Hallmark Institute of Photography

Students from the June 2013 class are busy in the Commercial Studios capturing the photographs that will be featured in their Phase IV Final Portfolio. Pictured to the left, student Deegan works with instructor Dick D'Alessandro to photograph a still life food shot while her final product is shown on the right., It's Friday and time to feature one of our current Hallmark Institute of Photography students. This week we put the spotlight on Kelly Horn!, What's Happening @ Hallmark Institute of Photography

Yesterday, Ambria Cone (Class of 2006) returned to Hallmark as a guest speaker. She spoke about her Hallmark experience and current career as a New York commercial photographer. Pictured, current Hallmark students work with Ambria during her fashion photo demonstration.

You can check out more of Ambria's photography on her website: http://www.ambriamichelle.com, It’s Monday, which means it’s time to showcase some of the photographs being created here at Hallmark Institute of Photography!

This week we are featuring a small sample of the incredible photography that was submitted by our June 2013 class for their Phase III Final Portfolio., Right Now @ Hallmark Institute of Photography


Hallmark's Guest Lecture Series continues with freelance commercial photographer, Gary Land. Gary's signature environmental portrait style has landed him iconic campaigns for clients such as Nike, Adidas, and Coca Cola, as well as many more., What's Happening @ Hallmark Institute of Photography

Yesterday Hallmark had the honor of hosting Sam Abell as part of our Guest Lecture Series. Sam spoke about his incredible career capturing beautiful images for National Geographic and also discussed his philosophy regarding the meaning of photography in our lives. 

Today the Guest Lecture Series continues with another giant in the photography world when Hallmark welcomes back Gary Land., Check out some shots our current students, Emma & Beau, captured during a recent shoot for Art to Wear by Nona Hatay, It’s Monday, which means it’s time to showcase some of the photographs being created here at Hallmark Institute of Photography!

We’re pretty excited to reveal the photographs that were created last week by our June & October 2013 classes during their 3-day “Constructed Image” workshop with Claire Rosen. Check them out and let us know what you think!, It's Friday!

We're going to finish the week off with a Friday Feature on one of our current students. This week we put the spotlight on Christian Goulette who recently had one of his portraits published! Congratulations Christian!, Right Now @ Hallmark Institute of Photography

The Phase III Additional Personal Submissions are being critiqued. Pictured, instructor David Turner critiques a photograph captured by current student Andrea., ¿ Where Are They Now ? Wednesday!

This week we'd like to feature and congratulate 2012 Hallmark grad, Nicole Mago. Her photo of The Hives performing at Irving Plaza in New York was just featured in RollingStone.com's article: The Hottest Live Photos of 2013.

You can check out more of Nicole's photography on her website and facebook page:

http://www.nicolemago.com
https://www.facebook.com/nicolemagophotography, Right Now @ Hallmark Institute of Photography

It's Day #2 of the workshop with Claire Rosen. Today, students are beginning to shoot the concepts they developed yesterday for their Constructed Image. Pictured, a group of students from both the June & October 2013 classes are working to capture a Snow White inspired photograph., Right Now @ Hallmark Institute of Photography

Today is Day #1 of a 3-day workshop with Claire Rosen. Claire's work blends a fine art sensibility with commercial work to create whimsical imagery inspired by fairy tales, fables, and other children's stories. During the 3-day workshop called The Constructed Image students will work in groups to create conceptual images. Pictured, students Missy, Chrissy and Jon meet with Claire to review ideas they have for their Constructed Image assignment., ¿ Where Are They Now ? Wednesday!

Congratulations to 2011 graduate, Anya Zelenkova, for being featured in PDN’s Emerging Photographer Magazine as their Photo Feed contest winner. Check out the article here to see some of the amazing photography Anya has captured and discover her unique path to Hallmark and career in professional photography.

You can check out more of Anya’s work on her website: www.anyazelenkova.com, Right Now @ Hallmark Institute of Photography

We may have gotten a few more inches of snow this week but that's not stopping us from celebrating the first day of Spring! Pictured, students from the October 2013 class ring in the Vernal Equinox with a sweet celebration in the Commercial Studio., Last week our October 2013 Class submitted their Phase I Final Portfolio. We thought we would show off some of the great shots they captured for their very first Hallmark portfolio. Check them out!, Right Now @ Hallmark Institute of Photography

Down to the wire! Students are working with instructor Braden Chattman to make some final edits before printing the final photographs that will complete their Phase III Additional Personal Submissions. Students will submit their APS portfolios today at 5:00pm, Right Now Hallmark Institute of Photography

Students are getting hands on during their Location Lighting class. Pictured, current student Marco captures a location portrait of fellow classmate Angelo using strobe light and warming gels to mimic sunlight., The United Way Family Portrait Event this past weekend was a great success! Not only was it lots of fun for everyone but together with Baystate Medical Center, Hallmark helped to raise over $1,500 to benefit the United Way of Franklin County. Families came out in their Easter best, and were photographed by our talented student volunteers. The Easter Bunny made a guest appearance as well, delighting kids and their grown-ups alike.

Special Thank you to our Hallmark Institute of Photography student volunteers:

Jon Cospito, Missy Davis, Nashoba Garbutt, Jillian Guyra, Melinda Herrera, Sarah Hoder, Kelly Horn, Andrea House, Megan Leo, Victoria Reilly, Sarah Ridenour, Megan Shotwell, Sadie Slocum, Bear Stanley and Ryan Watkins., Right Now @ Hallmark Institute of Photography

Students from the June 2013 Class are really going all out to finish the photographs that will complete their Phase III Additional Personal Submissions. Pictured, current student Kelly applies some very creative makeup to fellow classmate Jillian for one of Kelly's APS portraits. All of that preparation seemed to pay off with the final product shown here on the right., What's Happening @ Hallmark Institute of Photography

Continuing Hallmark's Guest Lecture Series, Ron Wyatt speaks about his 20+ year career photographing a wide range of subjects, including international sporting events, world leaders, celebrities and religious figures. Pictured, Ron discusses his experience photographing the Olympic Games in Beijing, China.

You can see more of Ron's photography on his website:

ronwyattphotos.com, What's Happening @ Hallmark Institute of Photography

Continuing Hallmark's Guest Lecture Series, Zachary Stephens (Hallmark Class of 2004), spoke to current students about his career including his work as a staff and freelance photographer for several newspapers and magazines. His work appears regularly in the Brattleboro Reformer and has been featured in The New York Times, Vermont Life Magazine, The Boston Globe, The Boston Herald, USA Today and more.

You can check out more of Zachary's photography on his website: zpstephens.com, Be sure to make your reservation for the United Way Family Portrait Weekend here at Hallmark Institute of Photography! There are still spaces available for Saturday's event. Don't miss this opportunity to capture a fun family portrait, have pictures taken with your pets, and even have photos taken with the Easter Bunny!

The event will be held tomorrow, Saturday, March 9th from 10am to 3pm at the Hallmark Education Center on Industrial Boulevard in Turners Falls. All of the proceeds will benefit the United Way of Franklin County., Right Now @ Hallmark Institute of Photography

Students from the June 2013 class are busy working on their Phase III Additional Personal Submissions. They will produce six photographs of their choice that reflect the type of work they will pursue upon graduation. Pictured, current student Ben is shooting a vehicle interior for one of his APS photographs., For many students, gaining experience, knowledge, and good grades provide the incentive to perform well while in school. But as we all know, there is always a group of students who go beyond their individual class performance and assume unofficial leadership roles in the campus community. This second group is composed of the people who take time out from their work to mentor classmates who need extra assistance; they share their detailed class notes with someone who was sick and missed class; they come in early to help an instructor setup equipment for a lesson; and they stay late to make sure the studios are tidy and ready for use the next day.  They pitch in to help create the close-knit "Hallmark Community" that for many is a substitute for family during the 10 month program. 

As a way to honor these students two faculty members, Rich Barnes and Shelley Nicholson, created Hallmark's own "700 Club" (the name being a reference to being halfway through Hallmark's 1400 clock hour program).  They solicited up to three nominations from each faculty member for students who went "above and beyond" and in their own way made a positive impact on the campus community.  After the nominations were tallied, seven students clearly stood out: Jon Cospito, New York; Kelsey DeWitt, Maine; Jillian Gyura, Texas; Danielle Leigh, Vermont; Brahm Singh, India; Ryan Watkins, Michigan; and Andrea York, Massachusetts.

To celebrate this year's 700 Club inductees, faculty and staff gathered for a breakfast ceremony where each student was presented a signed certificate and a copy of the book "Freeze Frame" by world-renowned photographer Douglas Kirkland., What's Happening @ Hallmark Institute of Photography

Students are getting hands on this week with a Lighting Lecture to learn techniques for using small and large silver umbrellas. Pictured, students from the June group work with instructor David Turners to create dynamic high key portraits., It's Friday! -which means it's time to feature one of our current Hallmark Institute of Photography students. This week we put the spotlight on Kelsey DeWitt!

You can check out more of Kelsey's incredible photography by visiting her facebook page:

Kelsey DeWitt Photography, ¿ Where Are They Now ? Wednesday!

In a special addition of "Where Are They Now?" we put the spotlight on instructor Michael Zide! Where is Michael Zide Photography you ask? Well, he can be found on New England Public Radio where he is being featured in their “Artist Profile.” Click on the link to check out NEPR’s interview with Mr. Zide!

And check out more of Michael's work on his website:
http://www.michaelzide.com, It's Monday which means it's time to show off some of the photography that is being captured by students here at Hallmark Institute of Photography. This week it is the portraits captured by our October 2013 class during their location trip to Shelburne Falls, Massachusetts. In this assignment students focused on incorporating warm and cool colors into their environmental portraits., Location Portraits by the October 2013 Class, Right Now @ Hallmark Institute of Photography

Students from the June 2013 class submitted their Phase III Final Portfolios this morning. Now it's time for their work to be put up on the big screen for review. Pictured, instructor Michael Zide critiques the high key portrait assignment., Right Now @ Hallmark Institute of Photography

Students from the June 2013 class are busy this week completing the last few photographs that will make up their Phase III Final Portfolio. Pictured, current student Kelsey works with instructor Rich Barnes on her dance photography., It's Tip of the Week Tuesday

Last week our guest speakers Justin & Mary Marantz shared their incredible journey to becoming one of the fastest growing wedding and portrait studios on the East Coast. Check out their "Pancake Session" to read some of the advice and tips they gave our Hallmark Institute of Photography students., And the winner is…

… Jackie George! 

Congratulations to Jackie who won our giveaway to celebrate our 5,000th Facebook Like. Enjoy your new Hallmark Tote Bag filled with over $100 worth of beautiful photography coffee table books!

And congrats to our 2nd and 3rd prize winners, Melissa Seabury and Timothy Daniel Kennedy who will be receiving some sweet Hallmark gear!

Thanks to all of you who helped us reach 5,000 and shared our great news. And thank you to instructors Michael Zide & Tony Downer as well as current student Aniruddh for drawing our winners! 

This giveaway was pretty fun, maybe we’ll do it again…soon?! ;), Hallmark Institute of Photography was just named one of MAC-on-Campus.com's Featured Photography Programs. Here is the article and interview with Hallmark's Director of Education, Lisa Robinson!, There's Still Time!!

You can enter until 12 Noon today to win a Hallmark Institute of Photography tote bag filled with over $100 in beautiful photography coffee table books. We'll pick the lucky winner this afternoon!, No, it's not Michael Zide's 5,000th birthday! 

It's our cake to celebrate Hallmark hitting the 5,000 LIKES milestone! Even though it didn't receive much love in last week's voting we thought we'd still treat ourselves to some cake...I mean, who doesn't love cake?

*Remember, you can still enter to win a Hallmark tote bag filled with over $100 worth of beautiful photography coffee table books. Check out how to win here:

https://www.facebook.com/photo.php?fbid=10151429237307350&set=a.445933627349.246805.20839362349&type=1&theater, Time to Celebrate!

We are kicking off our celebration for hitting the 5,000 "Likes" milestone with this giveaway to say thank you to all of our facebook followers out there. It's easy to enter and we look forward to announcing our winners next Monday! 

Check it out..., It’s Monday, which means it’s time to show off some of the incredible photography that is being captured here at Hallmark. This week we are featuring some of the Art History Reference pieces that our June 2013 students just submitted. 

Check back around 5pm today for all the details on our giveaway to celebrate our 5,000 LIKES milestone!, null, WE DID IT! 5,000 LIKES!!

Huge thanks to all of our facebook friends for helping us reach this milestone. And thanks to all of you who voted and helped us plan how we'll celebrate. Looks like we will be doing a sweet giveaway this week. Stay tuned for the details!, We hope that all of our students, faculty and staff made it safely through the storm. As of right now our campus will be open for regularly scheduled activities on Monday. If you have circumstances from the storm that prevent you from attending on Monday, the school will work with you to make sure that you don’t fall behind., We are less than 10 LIKES away from 5,000! Don't forget to vote and help us figure out how we will celebrate the milestone!!, The Hallmark Facebook Page is inching closer to 5,000 LIKES! We're already preparing our acceptance speech and the celebration to follow. So how should we celebrate?, ¿ Where Are They Now ? Wednesday!

It's Wednesday which means it's time we track down one of our Hallmark alumni and find out where they are and what they are up to in the world of photography. This week we put the spotlight on 2011 graduate, Jimmy Mathis, who is featured in February's issue of Rangefinder Magazine. Click on the link below to see the article and write up on Jimmy!

You can also check out more of Jimmy's incredible portraits on his website:

http://jimmymathisphotography.com

http://digitalmag.rangefinderonline.com/rangefinder/201302#pg101, Right Now @ Hallmark Institute of Photography

Students are getting hands on during a fashion photography class focusing on Commercial Catalog photography. Pictured, current student Andrea photographs classmate Sienna with some help from instructor David Turner., Students from the October 2013 class have been braving the elements on their recent location trips. Pictured, a group of students review some of their work with instructor Dick D'Alessandro during their location shoot in Northampton, Massachusetts., Right Now @ Hallmark Institute of Photography

Students from the June 2013 class are learning techniques to light a portrait on location using a speed light or two...or nine., ¿ Where Are They Now Wednesday ?

This week we put the spotlight on 2011 Hallmark grad, Carli Wentworth. Where is Carli you ask? Well, she in on the cover of SLICE Magazine. Check out her incredible (and delicious) photograph on the cover of SLICE’s February issue.

And make sure to check out more of Carli’s incredible work on her website and facebook page: 

www.carliwentworth.com

Carli Wentworth Photography, Tip of the Week Tuesday!

This week Lindsay Adler was our guest speaker. Not only did Lindsay speak about her incredible work as a New York fashion and portrait photographer but she also spoke about the importance of social media for photographers.

We thought it would be helpful to stay with that theme for our tip of the week and provide a great resource for information on the world of Social Media for photographers. We found this article and tutorial from ASMP (American Society of Media Photographers) and believe it is not only helpful but also provides a fresh take on successful strategies in social media. Check it out:

http://asmp.org/tutorials/guide-marketing.html#.UQgVXbQQhJM, Congratulations to Hallmark Institute of Photography alum Scott Zuehlke Photography for being awarded The Knot Best of Weddings for a third year in a row!, It's Monday once again which means we get to show off some of the incredible photography being made here at Hallmark Institute of Photography. This week we're featuring a number of portraits made recently by our June 2013 class for their Character Studies assignment., Portraits made by Hallmark's June 2013 Class, Right Now @ Hallmark Institute of Photography

We are kicking the week off with our guest speaker, Lindsay Adler Fashion Photography. Lindsay is an accomplished fashion and portrait photographer based in New York City. Right now she is currently speaking with students from our June & October 2013 classes about her work and experiences., Hallmark Institute of Photography would like to send a shout out to all the Art & Photography students at Blue Hills Regional Technical School. Thanks for letting us meet with you Tuesday morning as part of our High School Outreach Program. 

Check out some of the incredible character portraits these students made during our demonstration:, ¿ Where Are They Now ? Wednesday!

This week we feature 1996 grad, Ian Christmann! Huge thanks to Ian for taking time to help us with the interview. And make sure to check out more of his work on his website and his facebook pages!

Catalyst Photography

Grove Studios at Chetstone, Right Now @ Hallmark Institute of Photography

Instructors David Turner and Gregory Heisler are demonstrating some lighting techniques in a Location Lighting Studio class., With this week’s holiday, today is our Monday, which means it’s time to show off some of our student work. Last week we showed some examples of portraits from the June 2013 group’s Phase II Portfolio. This week it’s examples of the Still Life and Commercial work, which also comes from their Phase II Portfolio. Take a look in our most recent album., Hallmark Institute of Photography would like to send a shout out to The Brass Buckle in Greenfield, MA. Thanks for letting our students and instructors use your awesome (and warm) cafe as a meeting spot. -your hospitality was awesome and the food was incredible!

Check them out:

http://brassbucklegreenfield.com, null, ¿ Where Are They Now ? Wednesday!

In a special edition of Where Are They Now, we find our newest students from the October 2013 class in Greenfield, Massachusetts. A few inches of snow did not get in their way as they hit the streets of Greenfield for their first on location assignment. 

Welcome October Class of 2013!, "Tip of the Week Tuesday!"

Check out this week's tip from our very own Tony Downer! Tony lends some great advice and techniques on capturing unique landscape photography. Try them out and send us your best landscape photo this week and we'll show off our favorite one next Tuesday!, It's Monday which means it's time to show off some of the incredible work our students have been creating. Check out the album we posted today to see some examples of the portraits that were created by our June 2013 class for their Phase II Final Portfolios. And check back next Monday when we show off some of the environmental still life photographs that were submitted., June Class of 2013, Right Now @ Hallmark Institute of Photography

Hiro is making some final adjustments to the dress he created from recycled newspaper before photographing fellow classmate Andrea. This portrait and 3 other photographs will make up Hiro's Phase II Final Portfolio that he will submit today at noon., Right Now @ Hallmark Institute of Photography

Students are making their final preparations and taking their final photographs for their Phase II Final Portfolios that they will submit tomorrow! Pictured, students Megan, Kelly, Deegan, and work together to make a portrait of fellow student Sadie., Right Now @ Hallmark Institute of Photography

Students Emma and Katie are making some alterations to a mirror in preperation for a self-portrait. A self-portrait is one of four photographs part of the Phase II FInal Portfolio that students will complete and submit this week., Students return from Winter Recess this week and we are excited to jump back into our Facebook Features. It's Wednesday which means its time to put the spotlight on one of our alumni in our "Where Are They Now Wednesday?" feature.

This week we'd like you to meet Alan Bassett, a 2011 graduate of Hallmark Institute of Photography, Congratulations to instructor Michael Zide! Michael was a featured artist in the December issue of Hamphire Life Magazine. Check out the full article here:

http://www.gazettenet.com/home/3316628-95/zide-michael-tree-amherst, We would like to thank all of the staff at Hallmark, as well as, Harris School of Business, The Salter School, Branford Hall Career Institute, Seacoast Career Schools, and American Institute College of Health Professions for their kind and generous toy donations.

With your overwhelming support and generosity we were able to bring some holiday magic to the children at Shriners Hospital for Children. In addition, Premier Education Group, the parent company of the schools listed received an anonymous donation of $5,000 to its Foundation which was also spent on toys and goodies for the children.

Together we brought holiday magic to those who needed some cheer. Thank you for your support!, Hallmark would like to wish all of our students, alumni, faculty, staff, and friends of the program a very safe and happy holiday season! As a little gift we thought we'd share this collection of incredible photographs created by our current class last week for their Editorial Location Assignment at the former First National Bank of Greenfield.

Happy Holidays!, Editorial Location Assignment at the former First National Bank of Greenfield, Right Now @ Hallmark Institute of Photography

Students are working on location this week at an abandoned bank building in Greenfield, Massachusetts. Pictured, students Hiro and Jon work to balance their strobe light with the available ambient light to create a dramatic location portrait of fellow classmate Andrea., Right Now @ Hallmark Institute of Photography

Ryan, Marco and Aniruddh practice making some location portraits of one another using speed lights., Who's at Hallmark?

It's friday once again and time to feature one of our current students. This week we put the spotlight on Carolyn Deibert from Nashua, New Hampshire:, What's Happening @ Hallmark Institute of Photography

Students were introduced to speed lights this week as well as some techniques on how to take them on location to create interesting environmental portrraits. Pictured, Sienna, Kelsey and Tara work together to make a portrait using a speed light and a reflector., It's "Where are they Now?" Wednesday

This week we'd like to feature one of our recent alumni, Prishan Pandithage, who is a 2011 Hallmark grad. Prishan has been working on some very exciting projects back in his home country of Sri Lanka. Check out one of the projects he has been working on in this behind the scenes video of a super creative, carnival themed, christmas campaign (say that 5 times fast!)


http://vimeo.com/54440165, Right Now @ Hallmark Institute of Photography

Students are in the studio learning the effects that different light modifiers have on a portrait. Pictured, Sean and Carolyn make some final adjustments before making a portrait of Sydney., It’s time, once again, for our Tuesday Tip of the Week!

Is there a certain shot you’d love to get but don’t have the right lens? Are you ready to start experimenting with strobe lights? Or maybe you need some professional audio equipment to boost the quality of your next video project? Obtaining the right equipment to better your photos and videos can seem quite overwhelming, however, renting cameras, lenses, lights, and other needed equipment is actually easier than you think. And our friends at Lens Pro to Go have made it even easier. You can view all the available equipment online, decide which equipment you’d like to rent, and submit your order in just minutes…AND they’ll ship it right to your door. It’s super fast & super efficient!

And yes, they have an app for that! Check out this link below to download the FREE app where you can rent equipment right from your phone!

http://www.lensprotogo.com/app/, Check out this shot from Justin who used our Tuesday Tip last week to create a great holiday still life. Check back this afternoon for this week's tip!, null, It’s Monday, which means we are kicking the week off with some incredible examples of work being created by our current class. Make your Monday a little more fun and check out this slideshow of the portraits made last week by students on their location shoot at the Northampton Airport., Who's at Hallmark?

This week we feature Alyssa Jake from Old Lyme, Connecticut:, It's "Where are they Now?" Wednesday!

In a special edition of "Where are they Now?" we actually feature our current June 2013 class and find them in Northampton, Massachusetts where they spent the day at the Northampton Airport. Students not only took to the skies to take aerial photographs but they were also introduced to the technique of balancing strobe light with ambient light. Here are some shots of the students in action creating some very dramatic portraits of one another., Tip of the Week Tuesday!

Getting ready for the holidays? Don’t forget your camera! And don’t forget to check out our Tip of the Week for a simple technique to create some fun and different holiday portraits. Special thanks to current student Tara for being today's model!, Right Now @ Hallmark Institute of Photography

Students are working together in the commercial studio to continue experimenting with lighting different types of products and still life objects. Pictured, Aniruddh and Marco make some adjustments to a very unique and edible still life., It's Where Are They Now Wednesday!

This week we are featuring 2001 graduate Melissa Mullen who was also one of our panelists during yesterday's alumni roundtable..., It's Tuesday and time for our Tip of the Week!

Today's tip comes from PhotographyTalk which is a great resource for photo tips, equipment reviews, and articles about photography. With this tip they examine different methods of looking for and finding new perspectives when it comes to interesting composition., Right Now @ Hallmark Institute of Photography

It's our annual Alumni Roundtable! Six Hallmark grads are here to meet with our current class, talk about their experiences during and after Hallmark, and provide advice and tips on how to succeed in the photography industry., null, It's Monday! -which means we have some great student work to show off. Check out this collection of portraits created recently by our June 2013 group during their "Creating Light" assignment., Who's at Hallmark?

We've made it to friday once again which means its time for the weekend and another "Who's at Hallmark?" feature. This week we are highlighting Yunelson Torres from Lawrence, Massachusetts..., Future Photographers

This morning Hallmark hosted students from the St. Lucy's Home School Adventure Group. The young future photographers took a tour of the Hallmark facilities, learned about cameras and lights, and then spent some time photographing each other in our portrait studios. Pictured, two students from the Adventure Group have fun taking portraits of one another with a little help from instructor Tony Downer., Using gels for the first time in their Location Lighting class, students from the June Class of 2013 discover how lighting can portray certain moods in their images. Here, current student Sadie shoots an image of classmate Chelsea while Sienna holds the reflector in the background., Where are they Now?

For this week’s “Where are they Now?” feature we find Maranda Bouchard, a 2005 Hallmark graduate, in the headlines of the Maine Newspapers. Last week we found this article in the Bangor Daily News highlighting Maranda’s accomplishments as a fashion photographer and her work at New York Fashion Week. Not only has Maranda photographed many of the top names in the world of fashion but she has also developed a successful family portrait business in her home state of Maine. Congratulations Maranda from all of us at Hallmark!, Tuesday Tip of the Week

This week's Tuesday Tip of the Week comes from instructor Michael Merritt who is a Certified Expert in Photoshop and a member of the National Association of Photoshop Professionals. Check out his tip on how to be more efficient when it comes to the post production of your photography:, Who's at Hallmark?

We've made it to friday! TGIF. Continuing with our new facebook features, every friday we are going to let you know "Who's at Hallmark?" Each week we will feature one of our current students, a little bit about them, and some of the incredible photographs they have been making. First up is Ryan Watkins from Clare Michigan..., AND THE ANSWER IS: 24 feet!

Notice how sharp those shadows are! We blasted Yunelson with a single Profoto strobe from 24 feet away to create this pretty cool high key shot. 

Congrats to our winners Nathan Ekis who guessed 18 feet and Chris Saunders who we caught cheating on the quiz by giving a 4 foot range (averaging 18') but we'll let it slide this time because we are pretty cool!

If you two gentlemen would like to message us your emails we have a little something for you!

Check back next Thursday for another Pop Quiz (we know -not exactly a pop quiz with a week's notice), ONLY 5 MORE MINUTES REMAINING! Any final guesses for our pop quiz of the week??, Pop Quiz Thursday! 

Continuing with our new facebook features we are excited to put you to the test. Every Thursday we will have a pop quiz (no worries -these tests are not like your calculus quizzes from high school. they will be fun). So here is pop quiz #1:

In our Tuesday tip we showed how a portrait can change dramatically with how close or far away the key light is placed from the subject. Take a look at this portrait of our hallmark student Yunelson (huge thanks Yunelson!)...how far away do you think the key light was? Take a guess in the comment section and check back at 12noon tomorrow (friday) and we'll announce the distance and who was the closest! Who knows we might even have a little something for the winner..., Right Now at Hallmark Institute of Photography

Instructor Richard Barnes is working with Ben, Paul, and Megan from our June 2013 class to create a portrait. Students are stepping into the portrait studio for the first time today to begin learning lighting patterns and ratios as well as how to meter for flash., It's "Where Are They Now Wednesday" -part 2

Here is our first alumni interview with 1999 graduate Scott Zuehlke!, Right Now at Hallmark Institute of Photography

After yesterday's demonstration on some of the basic elements of studio lighting, students are now getting hands on with the lights to create portraits of each other. Pictured,  Andrea makes a portrait of Zach with just one light and some help from instructor David Turner., It’s “Where Are They Now Wednesday?”

We’re psyched to introduce another new addition to our facebook page. Each Wednesday we will feature a Hallmark Alum and find out what they’re up to. We’re going to kick off this feature with not one but two graduates of Hallmark. First, we want to share some incredible news about Rikki Snyder, a 2011 graduate, who was a finalist in this year’s Professional Photographer Magazine Cover Contest. Check out her gorgeous tabletop shot! You can also pick up the November issue of PPM magazine to see it in print or check out this link: http://www.ppmag.com/current_issue

Congratulations Rikki! You can see more of Rikki’s work on her website: rikkisnyder.com

And stop back later today to see our first alumni interview with Scott Zuehkle., TUESDAY TIP OF THE WEEK

We’re happy to introduce some exciting new additions to our Facebook page! One of which is going to be our on-going “Tuesday Tip of the Week!” Our first tip comes from instructor Dick D’Allesandro:

“The closer you bring the light to the subject, the softer the light becomes.” 

We did a little experiment to show the differences (huge thanks to our instructor Chat for being our model today). The portrait on the left was taken with the key light 9 feet away from the subject’s face. The shadows are dark and very sharp when the light is further away. The portrait on the right was taken with the key light just 14 inches away from the subject’s face. Notice how soft and subtle the shadow lines are when the light is brought closer to the subject. Neither shot is right or wrong but they evoke much different emotions. The shot on the left creates a certain type of drama while the photo on the right is a much softer, relaxed portrait.

And since it’s Election Day we will put it to a vote. Which portrait of Chat do you like better?, Earlier today instructors Greg Heisler and David Turner introduced our June 2013 class to some of the basic elements in studio lighting. Greg and David demonstrated how small changes in the direction and distance of light can create dramatic results in a portrait. Also pictured here is a portrait they made with lights that can be found at a hardware store, some paper towel, and little duct tape., As promised here are some photographs from the Phase I portfolios our June 2013 class submitted on Friday! 

(3 of 3), As promised here are some photographs from the Phase I portfolios our June 2013 class submitted on Friday! 

(2 of 3), As promised here are some photographs from the Phase I portfolios our June 2013 class submitted on Friday!

(1 of 3), To begin your exciting career in professional photography,
join us for our Open House for Admissions
taking place TODAY,beginning at 12:30 pm. 

Call for directions at 413.863.2478 or just show up!, Phase I Portfolio Review

Students from our June 2013 class submitted their Phase I portfolios this morning. Their photographs were then carefully reviewed and critiqued by our Hallmark instructors. Make sure to check back on Monday to see some of the work submitted in these Phase I portfolios., Thank you to everyone who stopped by our Hallmark Institute of Photography booth last weekend during the PhotoPlus Expo. It was great seeing so many alumni and meeting lots of new people as well. Here's one of the portraits our own David Turner made using the A T Bassett lighting who we had a great time sharing the booth with!, You can give hope…and help
 
Hurricane Sandy may have moved on – but millions are without power, transportation systems are crippled, more flooding is expected and your help is urgently needed.
 
When disasters, like superstorm Sandy, devastate communities, your support helps ensure the American Red Cross is there to provide warm meals, shelter, and hope to families when they need it most.  Your generosity makes a huge difference.

http://www.redcross.org//charitable-donations, Instructor Michael Zide showcases the book he created of his fine art prints for Moab's new Lasal double sided satine paper, at Moab's booth during the Photo Expo in New York City last week., Students and faculty alike get into the spirit of Halloween as costumes ranged from witches and overgrown bunnies to creatures from Where The Wild Things Are., Tuesday Classes In Session - School will be open and classes will be IN SESSION for Tuesday, October 30, 2012., Tuesday Classes In Session - School will be open and classes will be IN SESSION for Tuesday, October 30, 2012 based on current projected weather conditions.

If conditions change significantly, this status may change.  Any change will be posted here by 6am on Tuesday morning., Due to the storm, classes are cancelled for tomorrow (Monday October 29th.) Stay Safe!, Congratulations to the October Graduating Class of 2012!  Pictured with the graduates are several members of the faculty and staff as well as Graduation Keynote Speaker, Monte Isom., New York based Advertising Photographer and Hallmark Guest Lecturer Monte Isom shares his images, his behind-the-scenes video footage and countless nuggets of information specific to the world of editorial and advertising photography, with Hallmark's Class of 2013., During a field trip to the Northfield Mountain Project grounds, current student Kelsey photographs classmate Sienna for their outdoor lighting assignment. If you look closely you can see Sienna's image in the LCD display at the back of Kelsey's camera., During a Photo Practical held on campus to practice using outdoor light, current student Andrea finds some open shade to shoot classmate Danielle while instructor David Turner holds the reflector for them. The fall foliage makes for a challenging but ultimately beautiful background for the image., Recent June 2012 graduate Bree poses with her two Great Dane's as some of our October graduates collaborated with instructor Michael Zide to create this image at the ruins of an old mansion called Madame Sherri's Forest in nearby New Hampshire. On the field trip classmates, Jenn, Andrew, Tori and Laura spent a final day shooting and assisting each other before their graduation later this week., Another huge congratulations going out to another one of our alumni, Chris Rioux! Check out his latest work with google:

http://www.seacoastonline.com/articles/20121017-NEWS-210170372

You can check out more of his work here on his website:

http://www.chrisriouxphotography.com

Congrats Chris!, A huge congratulations being sent from coast to coast to one of our alumni, Ted Reidarson, who is now the newest sponsored photographer at Tamrac!

Here's one of Ted's portfolio images and you can check out more on his website: www.tedcraigphoto.com

Congrats Ted!, Instructor Chat Sirichanvimol (seated, right) explains a camera technique to current student Ralph, during a field trip to the village of Shelburne Falls, MA. In the background, students work on shooting their color assignment., The first portfolio of the day shines as a solid body of mainly portrait work created by current student Laura (not pictured). Here, Portfolio Review Panelists Barbara Bordnick and Grant Peterson, joined by Artist-in-Residence Gregory Heisler (kneeling) make notes on specific images so that when it is announce that Laura's Portfolio was accepted, they were prepared with feedback for her., The Final Hours...

A few shots of our October class as they were putting the final touches on their final portfolios today. With many late nights, guidance from their instructors, and lots of coffee their hard work paid off when each student passed in their collection of 27 images today at 3:15pm. In less than 24 hours students will have them reviewed by our 3 Portfolio Review Panelists. 

-Now get some sleep!

Best of luck to everyone tomorrow!, Soon-to-be October graduate Mike handles an 11 x 14 print with care; this image, along with twenty-six others will make up his Final Year-end Portfolio that he submits this afternoon. Tomorrow, Portfolio Review Panelists and Professional Photographers Sam Abell, Barbara Bordnick and Grant Peterson will critique each October graduate's work determining if the portfolio is passing or needs to be reworked and submitted for re-review next week., Participating in a Photo Practical in Hallmark's Educational Center, current student Brandon holds the Color Checker Passport as he assists classmate Keslie who prepares to shoot their other classmate Alyssa who sits in as the model., Working on one of her last images for her Final Year-end Portfolio, soon-to-be graduate Kenzy does an in-studio shot of this little girl with her pony for her Pet & Owner assignment., Students from our soon-to-be graduated October class spend a final Location Studio with Artist-in-Residence Gregory Heisler at a nearby paper mill., Just 2 weeks away!

The PDN PhotoPlus Expo is just 2 weeks from today and Hallmark Institute of Photography is excited to announce that we will have a booth at the event. Stop by and visit us as well as A T Bassett Lighting!, http://hallmark.edu/news/#105, As our June 2013 graduates begin to study composition, an assignment this week asked them to choose a subject to break up the repetition of shape. Getting creative, current students Kelsey, Andrea and Sienna use a stuffed bird belonging to animal activist and instructor Michael Zide, to break up the repetition of line created by portraits hanging in the faculty hallway., The Red Cross Blood Drive is Today!  Come anytime between 10am to 3pm -- No appointment is necessary.  When you give blood, you give another birthday, another date, another dance, another laugh, another hug, another chance., Affiliated with Sports Illustrated for over twenty years, Boston based sports photographer Damian Strohmeyer shares his work with Hallmark's students, as well as some tips to getting the tough shots like this one behind him of Celtics forward Paul Pierce., Students from our October 2012 class participate in a Location Lighting class with Instructor David Turner. In this case, the location is the student parking lot behind Hallmark's Educational Center. The final portrait (on the right) of current student Laura proves that with the proper lighting, one can make a beautiful image just about anywhere., Still focusing on showing motion in their images, Instructor Todd Verlander checks out a shot taken by current student Jess on the back of her camera. The New England Foliage is nearing peak color as showcased in the background., Students participated in a Visual Arts project today where they were asked to show the technique of motion in an image while also displaying emotion. Here, current student Jon uses the clean lines of the faculty hallway to shoot classmate Beau, while he expresses pure joy by leaping through the air., This week's topic is Motion & Animation; here, instructor Chat Sirichanvimol races by on his bicycle in Hallmark's student parking lot, as students practice the techniques of both showing motion in an image, as well as stopping it., Right Now at Hallmark Institute of Photography...

...there is no better way to finish up a monday than with a PHOTO FINISH! Instructors Chat & David are out back showing students some tricks to motion photography including the art of panning. 

(and yes, Chat on his Trek beat David in his Audi!), Here they are! (2 of 2)

Just a small sample of the many great photographs made by Hallmark students during last week's location trip to Northampton...and it's only week 3!, A little (or more like a lot) of rain was not enough to stop students and faculty from carrying out their back light assignment on a field trip to Northampton, MA. Here, Instructor Rich Barnes explains how to create dimensional light in the otherwise non-dimensional situation of the parking garage. Instructor Dick D'Alessandro demonstrates, as Rich addresses the students., Here they are! (1 of 2)

Just a small sample of the many great photographs made by Hallmark students during last week's location trip to Northampton...and it's only week 3!, A few more shots to recap last week's location trip in Northampton. Stop back this afternoon to check out some of the photographs students captured from the trip!, What happens when you let Hallmark students loose in Northampton, MA with their Canon 5D Mark III's? They are all smiles as you can see from this photo. Left - right are current students Carolyn, Alyssa, Maycee, Javin, Stephanie, Karissa and Kelly., Rain or Shine!

It may be raining down in Northampton today but its not stopping students from weather proofing their cameras, hitting the streets, and capturing some great shots!, Instructor David Turner and current student Isha face off with their Canon 5D Mark III's as students take to the streets of downtown Northampton, MA to complete an assignment using different focal lengths; part of the ongoing study of lenses this week., Right Now at Hallmark Institute of Photography...

Students are getting hands on enjoying the opportunity to test out some of the industry's most advanced video equipment with the help of Ray from Stillmotion. 

...and check out instructor David Turner and student Aniruddh facing off on stage!, Current student Alea tries her hand at a steady-cam, provided during a day-long demonstration by StillMotion. Classmate Kartik is her subject as the folks from StillMotion explain not only the technical side of filmmaking but also how important storytelling is when trying to please a client, whether it's a bride and groom or the president of a corporation., Right Now at Hallmark Institute of Photography...

Amina from Stillmotion is presenting students some incredible tips and suggestions on how to turn any video into a story!, Welcome everyone from STILLMOTION and LensProToGo!
Some of the final touches and tests are being completed as its just a few minutes until showtime!, During a Photo Practical on the common in Greenfield, MA, current student Zach tests different focal lengths while shooting a pair of men's shoes. Students were instructed to bring a product to shoot in the environment which would give them some insight into using the lens as a tool to create different perspectives., This week, as students from the June Class of 2013 begin to explore the use of different lenses, they participate in a practical at nearby Unity Park. In this image, current student Brahm shoots his classmates all at slightly different distances. Instructors David Turner (left) and Richard Barnes (right) give him some pointers. Those students being photographed include Kartik, Ryan, Alea and Aniruddh (l - r)., In preparation for the Final Year-end Porfolio Review, current student Kenzy, an October 2012 graduate, listens to Artist-in-Residence Gregory Heisler as he critiques some of the images she plans to submit in her final body of work. Instructor Dick D'Alessandro and Director of Education Lisa Robinson also participate in these mid-Phase IV Review meetings., Using a large brick building as their background, a group of current students set up a shoot using the techniques and equipment they have been trained on thus far. In this photo, current student Yunelson models while classmates Zach and Brahm photograph him from the left and right. Classmate Jon is holding the reflector., Current student Madi poses in front of graffiti'd building in Brattleboro, VT, as her classmate Angelo gets the shot. The images created on this field trip are supposed to show tone and contrast; the theme of this week's lectures., Next Week: http://hallmark.edu/events/#event344, Coming in early October! http://hallmark.edu/events/#event343, Pet Photography elevated to the extreme., Students prepare to participate in a Photo Practical about tone and contrast in the lobby of Hallmark's Educational Center., Students from the June Class of 2013 gather in Hallmark's Auditorium for the first critique of their work with instructors Tony Downer (pictured on stage), Dick D'Alessandro and Braden Chattman. Photos from last week's field trip to Old Deerfield were viewed by all as the instructors pointed out successful images as well as those where something might not have gone quite right., A new student from the June Class of 2013 checks out the features on the brand new Canon 5D Mark III. Each student is issued their own camera to use throughout the 10-month professional photography program at Hallmark., Current student Eddie practices outdoor portraiture using available light while shooting classmate Emma in nearby Old Deerfield, Massachusetts., Instructor Braden Chattman reviews an image taken by current student Andrea, during a field trip to Old Deerfield, Massachusetts. On the right, another current student, also named Andrea, looks on., Current Student Deegan is all smiles as Instructor Tony Downer issues her a brand new Canon 5D Mark III, one of the tools students will use endlessly this year to complete their assignments. In the background, current student Sadie waits patiently for her turn., Current students Madi and Chelsea confer over light meter readings as they participate in their first hands-on practical after being issued the Sekonic L-758DR., On stage right now, entertaining and educating the students, Clay Patrick McBride., Instructor David Turner with recent Graduate, Stephanie Craig, at the Opening to her show last night.  Looking good guys!, Fast friends are already being made on Day 3 of Orientation for the June Class of 2013. Here, current students Bear, Brahm, Yunelson and Zach (back to front) have some fun in the lobby of Hallmark's Educational Center., June 2012 Graduate Stephanie Craig has her own show opening tonight in Shelburne Falls., A new show highlighting the work of the Hallmark October 2012 Graduating Class opens Friday, Sept 7. There is a private reception tonight for current students, their families and friends., A brand new student from the June Class of 2013 gets her photo taken for her Student ID in Hallmark's Portrait Studio. Portrait Instructor Rich Barnes photographs her while Portrait Instructor Tony Downer assists., Instructor David Turner, as part of his Public Relations class, assists current student Jen, as they prepare images to hang for the upcoming exhibit at The Gallery at Hallmark in downtown Turners Falls. Jen is part of the current October Class of 2012 which will hold an opening reception next week to welcome the new June Class of 2013., These brand new Canon 5D Mark III cameras have been tested and prepped by equipment guru Tony Downer and await the arrival of our new class next week., Artist-in-Residence Gregory Heisler shares an image capture on a monitor while on location at the Berkshire Brewing Company with our October 2012 graduates., Our Instructors are active working professionals.  Here, Video/New Media Instructor, Dennis O'Clair is shown shooting at George Eastman House International Museum of Photography & Film for The Center for Photography at Woodstock Tribute Film honoring ICP - International Center of Photography Director Willis "Buzz" Hartshorn.  That's what we call a Photography Trifecta., Instructor David Turner works with our October graduating class during a Location Studio field trip to the top floor of a local department store.  The space is a great background for editorial portraits and CD covers., A summer delight for the senses.  Fresh Asparagus Salad photos and recipe by 2011 Hallmark Grad @rikkisnyder http://ow.ly/d7jia, A few minutes with Gregory Heisler... on Vimeo http://ow.ly/d5Jyu  @ASMP @ASMPNE, Adobe CS6, which includes ACR 7, is amazing. We are just finishing up our system wide upgrade for the new year which starts in a few weeks. Adobe Photoshop Adobe Photoshop Lightroom, A nice gallery of portraits from one of our 2011 Grads., According to this tweet, a couple of our 2011 Grads are visiting tomorrow.  Alumni are always welcome!  RT @rikkisnyder: @hallmarkedu Will be visiting you guys tomorrow with @sarahzimphoto :), Attn Alumni and Pro Photographers: If you are interested in a DSLR Video Workshop, go to this page and "pre register".  When we have enough interest we'll schedule the next Workshop., I do!
Current student Hailie poses as the bride during a hands-on wedding photography class taught by Michael Zide. The flowers and dress are just some of the props available to students to use for their photography assignments.  Hallmark students also have access to specialty lights, lenses, and other gear from the well stocked equipment room., Very funny blog post about Hipster Photographer wannabees., Congrats to 2011 Graduate Chlelsea Krahenbill !  Grand Opening of her new studio is this Saturday., Setting the Mood
Hallmark's Artist-in-Residence, Gregory Heisler, works with the October Graduating students in one of their Advanced On-Location Lighting classes. Students practiced using portable lighting kits to add the warmth normally associated with late afternoon light to set the mood. Hallmark students learn not only how important it is to control the light but also best techniques for achieving the correct mood for the photograph., Sunlight, Camera, Action!
Instructor Dennis O'Clair, far right, works with current students Lorin, Melissa, and Midge on a DSLR video project.  They are using the Canon 5D Mark III to capture the video, the Zoom H4n for audio recording, and taking advantage of the sunlight on another beautiful day in Turners Falls, Artist-in-Residence, Gregory Heisler, is making one final check as he demonstrates techniques for combining existing daylight, tungsten, and strobe lighting during his On-Location Studio class.  Heisler was teaching these methods to the current class in Hallmark's President's office to accurately simulate the tasks involved when photographing an executive., Instructor Michael Zide profiled in Martha's Vineyard Arts & Ideas magazine... http://hallmark.edu/news/#104, Who Let The Dog Out?
Our four-legged friends visited Hallmark today and were perfect models.  In the left image, instructor Tony Downer demonstrates tricks and techniques for photographing man's best friend in his class on Pet Portraiture.  The result of that session is shown on the right. 
Mike Dunkerley photo (left) and Tony Downer photo (right), Look Down There
Instructor David Turner challenges our October graduates to solve myriads of problems that they may encounter while shooting different types of products in the studio., October graduates spent the day in individual meetings to go over their Phase III Final Assignment and their Career Business Plans. Their weeks of shooting, re-shooting, working with instructors and editing has paid off as they proudly display a body of work that encompasses fifteen different location, portrait and commercial studio assignments.
Pictured: Student Laura reviews her work and her future goals with Rich Barnes, the leader of the portrait department, and Dick D'Alessandro, head of the commercial department., Students are back in the studio this week, learning advanced lighting techniques from fashion photographer and instructor David Turner. David shows students the difference in light quality between silver and white umbrellas, and how to use a giant 7' silver umbrella to light a set. Pictured: Instructor David Turner uses student Mike as a model for his lighting set up., One big clap for success!
Artist-in-Residence, Gregory Heisler, discusses the details of image cropping with current student Jennifer, as she works on putting the final touches on one of the photographs in her Phase III Final Assignment.  Students learn from Heisler's acute sense of design, his eye for details,  as well enjoying his well honed wit and humor., Shoot with the stars
Current student Laura poses for her colleague Lorin as they practice what they just learned from two stars in the photographic world: Artist-in-residence Gregory Heisler and Instructor David Turner.  The class was on a field trip to practice on-location lighting., Record Setting Coolness
It may be hot outside, but things look very cool as Instructor Dick D'Alessandro works with current students Jennifer and Andrew in Hallmark's Imaging Theater.  Summer can be a bit more relaxed when it comes to the way we dress, but for the students who are working on their Phase III final assignments, the pressure is still on., http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oLJkkoDH2T8, Men in Black (t-shirts)
With temperatures hovering in the 90s, and the humidity not far behind, Instructor Rich Barnes (holding the reflector) jumps in the water to join the fun (and lend a helping hand) with students during their On Location Lighting class.  Even if it was hot out, many of the students think that Rich is one cool guy., Is it a Checkered Flag?
With only a month to go before the final phase of the program, current student Jennifer apparently has her eye on the finish line as she uses a black and white cloth in her reflective metal shot. But don't worry about her colleagues -  in our minds, all of our students are winners., "Happy Campers"
Our October 2012 Graduating Class just returned from a well-deserved summer break with stories of fun, sun, and of course, progress on their their Phase III portfolios. Since coming back can be a mixture of both the excitement of getting back in the swing of classes, along with the realization that they are only a month away from the final part of the program, we added a big smile to everyone's face by handing out the brand-new Canon 5D Mark III cameras!  Each student traded in their "old" 5D Mark II and started exploring the new and upgraded features of the Mark III.  The smiles aren't the only sign of excitement -- there were students breathing in the "new camera smell" and even fawning over the sound the shutter makes when a photograph is captured., In addition to the significant amount of Canon, Profoto, Mamiya and Apple equipment that Hallmark has available to its students, we also have a large amount of equipment offered to our students by other key industry manufacturers. Here, Instructor and equipment guru, Tony Downer "op checks" a travel kit and a studio kit offered by Broncolor.  Introduction to a wide variety of equipment as part of our program is essential to a well rounded student and graduate. Knowledge of craft as well as equipment is key to a successful photographer., Pictured: The July 2, 2012 cover of Sports Illustrated featuring LeBron James photographed by Hallmark's Artist-in-Residence, Gregory Heisler.

The Story Behind the Image: Within just hours of the closing remarks at Hallmark's graduation ceremony for the Class of 2012 on Friday, June 22nd, Hallmark's Artist-in-Residence, Gregory Heisler, received a call from Sports Illustrated. Heisler was requested to photograph LeBron James of the newly crowned NBA Champion Miami Heat for this week's cover. In less than 24 hours from that call, Heisler flew to Miami, arranged for a team of assistants along with a truckload of equipment, produced the shoot, and delivered the files to Sports Illustrated. Three days later, the issue appeared on newsstand around the country.

The Great News: Hallmark Institute of Photography is excited to announce that Gregory Heisler will return for the 2012-2013 academic year as Hallmark's Artist-In-Residence.  Mr. Heisler is an award winning portrait photographer whose portraits have graced the covers of numerous magazines, including Life, Esquire, Sports Illustrated and, most notably, over 70 issues of Time Magazine, including many of Time's Person of the Year covers. In addition to photographing three U.S. Presidents, he has also photographed numerous world leaders, celebrities and sports personalities.

In addition to working with students on environmental portraiture, he is the lead instructor for Advanced Location Lighting classes.  These hands-on classes focus on advanced lighting topics such as color temperature, filtration, gels, light modifiers, reproduction range, histograms and metering for extreme scenes. Assignments focus on choosing the best lighting situations and backgrounds and utilizing secondary subjects to add depth and interest to your work. Working one-on-one with Hallmark's Artist-in-Residence, iconic portrait photographer Gregory Heisler, Hallmark students learn to create natural-looking light in a wide variety of locations and settings., Pictured: Two legendary photographers, Graduation Keynote Speaker, Douglas Kirkland (l) and Hallmark's Artist-in-Residence, Gregory Heisler (r), share a special moment during Hallmark's graduation ceremony.  The two are long-time friends and have collaborated on projects throughout their respective careers as shown http://www.douglaskirkland.com/popup.php?link=images%2Fphoto%2Fphotog18.jpg&title=Greg+Heisler. Kirkland is a well-known celebrity and portrait photographer with a career that spans more than fifty years and included shoots on numerous Hollywood movies as well as portraits of Marilyn Monroe, Judy Garland, Mick Jagger and Angelina Jolie. Heisler has over 70 Time Magazine covers, has photographed 3 U.S. presidents, as well as world leaders in sports, politics, and philanthropy, and entertainment., This book, Photo Coterie: Images from Hallmark Institute's Class of 2012, was presented to Douglas Kirkland by the Class of 2012 during their graduation ceremony on Friday, June 22, 2012.  It was signed by each member of the class as well as Hallmark's faculty and staff as a indication of everyone's appreciation for Kirklands advice and inspiration during his keynote talk.  Additional copies of the book can be ordered directly from Blurb at http://www.blurb.com/bookstore/detail/3320088?ce=blurb_ew&utm_source=widget, Rachel Rose, Student Representattive for the Class of 2012 is shown at the podium addressing her classmates, friends and family members of the graduates, and distinguished guests during the graduation ceremony held on Friday. June 22, 2012.  In describing the program she said "...from the outside looking in, you can't understand it.  From the inside looking out, you can't explain it.", Graduation Keynote Speaker, Douglas Kirkland, a young seventy-eight years old, shows his enthusiasm for Hallmark's Class of 2012 as he finishes addressing the graduates. Kirkland, a renowned portrait and celebrity photographer told the students to "keep up with the times" and never think you can't accomplish something. He also shared that the key to his ongoing successful 60 year career was always having several irons in the fire and looking forward to every day when you wake up in the morning. The graduates were truly inspired by his wise words., Hallmark's June Class of 2012 celebrated their commencement with a graduation ceremony that was at times sentimental, at times instructional and at times humorous, but poignant throughout. With the Hallmark faculty and staff as well as distinguished guests seated behind him, Master of Ceremonies and Director of Portrait Photography Rich Barnes addresses the graduates, seated immediately in front of him, while their families and friends are seated behind in Hallmark's Auditorium., Preparations are under way early this morning for the 11:00 am graduation ceremony of the June Class of 2012. The event to celebrate the successful completion of Hallmark's 10-month professional photography program is always a heartfelt and joyous occasion for family and friends, but especially for the staff at Hallmark and the graduates themselves. This year's class will have the honor of listening to portrait and celebrity photographer Douglas Kirkland, the keynote speaker. For more about Kirkland go to douglaskirklandphotography.com., At the conclusion of Graduation Rehearsal students react to a hilarious short comedy produced by some of their classmates and being shown on the projection screens (not shown) in Hallmark's Auditorium. Students had to submit a group video project at the end of the school year which they spent several months shooting and editing. Video Instructor Dennis O'Clair then held a mock Oscars Ceremony to commend the students on their efforts., Current students enjoy the summer heat wave that overtook New England this week while participating in instructor Michael Zide's Printing with Cyanotype class. Cyanotype is an old-fashioned, non silver printing technique using iron as the light sensitive material. With Michael on one knee at the center, the students surrounding him include Kayla, Manuel, Kathleen, Kurtis, Erin, Dave and Nicole., Hallmark's Artist-in-Residence, Gregory Heisler, will be speaking in Portland, OR on Aug. 2, 2012 for the Oregon Chapter of the American Society of Media Photographers.  Full details are right here: http://www.asmporegon.org/events/gregheisler, Look who's turning 1 today; AJ, one of Hallmark's most popular baby models for the Graduating Class of 2012. Photographed here by soon-to-be-graduate, Ryan DeVoll from Fall River, MA, AJ celebrates his 1st birthday officially at 12:29 pm this afternoon. Following Graduation on Friday, June 22nd, Ryan plans to hone his skills working for a portrait photography studio in the eastern part of Massachusetts while he simultaneously markets his own portraiture shooting weddings, children, families and high school seniors. To see more of Ryan's work check out ryandevoll.com. Happy Birthday AJ!!!, Getting every last bit of shooting time, not to mention pure fun, out of their time here, current students attended a Landscape Field Trip with Instructor and landscape photographer Michael Zide just days before their graduation. Now that their Final Year-end Portfolios have been accepted, students are beginning to realize that the close-knit relationships they have formed, as well as the "all photography, all the time" environment they have been accustomed to for ten months, will soon be a memory as they enter the "real world" portion of their photography careers., Current student Cara looks over her initial images on the computer monitor with instructor Dick D'Alessandro, as the whimsical set for her Environment Studio Still-life can be seen in the foreground., This composited image shows current student Janaya (center) as she receives word from the Portfolio Review panelists that her Final Year-end Portfolio has been accepted while one of her images fills the frame at the top. In addition, the panelists' joy in seeing her work is evident on their faces as we see from left to right, Gregory Heisler, Lois Greenfield, Simon Alexander and Grant Peterson. The Final Portfolio Review process came to an end Friday after two weeks in which this respected and knowledgeable panel shared their compliments and suggestions in an effort to challenge these eager new photographers., Current student Calvin listens to feedback from Portfolio Review panelist Simon Alexander, after learning that his Final Year-end Portfolio was accepted. One of Calvin's graphic images can be seen on the big screen behind him as the other panelists, Gregory Heisler, Lois Greenfield and Grant Peterson (not shown) view the same image on a monitor in front of them. The two-week Portfolio Review process concludes this afternoon., Current student Dana can't contain her excitement as she hears that her Final Year-end Portfolio has been accepted by the panel of Professional Photographers including Grant Peterson, Simon Alexander, Lois Greenfield and Gregory Heisler (not shown). Hallmark President George Rosa can be seen in the background on the way to offer his congratulations., Photo Coterie: Work by Hallmark Institute of Photography June 2012 Graduating Class opens Friday, June 15 at The Gallery at Hallmark., Current student Cassidy listens as Portfolio Review panelist Grant Peterson discusses one of her still-life images from her Final Year-end Portfolio. The panelists including Gregory Heisler, Simon Alexander and Lois Greenfield are tasked with balancing constructive feedback that will help the students' work continue to get stronger as well as point out those areas in which they have already found success., http://hallmark.edu/events/#event341, null, Portfolio Review Panelists Lois Greenfield, Gregory Heisler, Simon Alexander and Grant Peterson scrutinize current student Kayley's (not shown) twenty-seven Finaly Year-end Portfolio prints while one of her still-life images appears on the big screen in Hallmark's Auditorium., Current student Billy shares and enthusiastic fist pump after hearing that is Final Year-end Portfolio was accepted by the panel of Portfolio Reviewers. Panelists include Artist-in-Residence Gregory Heisler as well as Dance and Movement Photographer, Lois Greenfield, Hearst Publishing's Studio Manager Simon Alexander and renowned Commercial Still Life Photographer Grant Peterson. Instructor Tony Downer stands near by for moral support, as he does with each and every student during his or her review., Current student Cara reacts to some constructive and amusing feedback from Artist-in-Residence and Portfolio Review panelist Gregory Heisler, as he comments on her Final Year-end Portfolio. The other panelists including Lois Greenfield, Simon Alexander and Grant Peterson listen as well, as they prepare to share their own thoughts during Cara's critique., Portfolio Review Panelist Grant Peterson (foreground) makes a point about the complexity of current student Collin's image, shown on the big screen in Hallmark's Auditorium. During this second week of Portfolio Review, Grant, as well as panelists Lois Greenfield, Simon Alexander and Artist-in-Residence Gregory Heisler, continue to impart constructive feedback and praise for the students' hard work and dedication to their Final Year-end Portfolios., Participants in this year's Franklin County Relay for Life, stop walking the half-mile track to read one of the candle-lit luminarias that surround the entire track. The luminarias hold names and photos of those who are struggling with or have succumbed to cancer and are lit in honor or in memory of them. This weekend a group of dedicated Hallmark students and staff volunteered their time either to walk and raise money or to photograph the 24-hour event., A guest at Franklin County's Annual Relay for Life to benefit the American Cancer Society, pauses a moment to read some of the thousands of luminarias that line the track at the fairgrounds where the Relay is held. The luminarias hold names and photos of those who are struggling with or have succumbed to cancer in honor or in memory of them. This weekend a group of dedicated Hallmark students and staff volunteered their time either to walk and raise money or to photograph the 24-hour event., http://hallmark.edu/news/#102, Current student Sean listens intently to feedback from the panel of professional photographers that review his Final Year-end Portfolio. Panelists include Artist-in-Residence Gregory Heisler as well as Dance and Movement Photographer, Lois Greenfield, Hearst Publishing's Studio Manager Simon Alexander and renowned Commercial Still Life Photographer Grant Peterson. On the big screen behind Sean and the panelists is one of his twenty-seven final images that make up his body of work., Dance and movement photographer, Lois Greenfield, who's well known both commercially as well as in the fine art world, shares her thoughts on current student Emilia's Final Year-end Portfolio. After viewing Emilia's work, the two women discovered a common love for the non-traditional square formatted image., There is no greater thrill or feeling of relief as a Hallmark student than to hear the words "Portfolio Accepted" and it can bring on a range of emotions. From left, current student Molly sheds tears of joy, while center, current student Sameer can hardly believe it's over and at right, Nydia Rose just wants a hug for her efforts from Instructor, and Portfolio Review Master of Ceremonies, Tony Downer., A serious moment during the video shoot of the Portfolio Review process in which panelists Grant Peterson, Simon Alexander, Lois Greenfield and Gregory Heisler share their thoughts about current student Manuel's Final Year-end Portfolio Images., Current student Armahn listens intently to Artist-in-Residence Gregory Heisler as he shares feedback on Armahn's Final Year-end Portfolio. Panelists including Gregory as well as Dance and Movement Photographer, Lois Greenfield, Hearst Publishing's Studio Manager Simon Alexander and renowned Commercial Still Life Photographer Grant Peterson, discuss the successes of each student's portfolio in detail, as well as critiquing areas that they will need to continue to work on as they begin their careers as Professional Photographers., http://hallmark.edu/news/#101, As Portfolio Review Panelists view the twenty-seven final prints of current student Jesse (not shown) one of those images is displayed on the big screen in Hallmark's Auditorium, visible to all students and guests in attendance. Panelists including Artist-in-Residence Gregory Heisler, Dance and Movement Photographer, Lois Greenfield, Hearst Publishing's Studio Manager Simon Alexander and renowned Commercial Still Life Photographer Grant Peterson, take their time looking at each image and making notes so as to give the student constructive, yet genuine feedback on his/her body of work., Portfolio Review Panelists study the prints of a current student, whose Final Year-end Portfolio was up for review. Panelists including Artist-in-Residence Gregory Heisler, Dance and Movement Photographer, Lois Greenfield, Hearst Publishing's Studio Manager Simon Alexander and renowned Commercial Still Life Photographer Grant Peterson, take their time looking at each image and making notes so as to give the student constructive, yet genuine feedback on his/her body of work., Current student Matt receives feedback on his Final Year-end Portfolio from panelists including Artist-in-Residence Gregory Heisler, Dance and Movement Photographer, Lois Greenfield, Hearst Publishing's Studio Manager Simon Alexander and renowned Commercial Still Life Photographer Grant Peterson. This image reveals how the process works as the panelists use a Lightroom catalog, viewable to them on the monitor in front of them, to look at the student's portfolio. Simultaneously, the audience sees the images on the big screen and the student's printed images are on the wall in the background, for the panelists to peruse as well., One of the 27 images submitted by current student Manuel, is on display on the big screen in Hallmark's Auditorium as he receives a critique of his body of work from the Final Year-end Portfolio Review Panel. The panel is made up of Artist-in-Residence Gregory Heisler, Dance and Movement Photographer, Lois Greenfield, Hearst Publishing's Studio Manager Simon Alexander and renowned Commercial Still Life Photographer Grant Peterson. Not only does their feedback help an individual student such as Manuel, but his classmates who make up the majority of the audience will learn from these legends as well., Instructor Tony Downer congratulates current student Terry, as his Final Year-end Portfolio is the very first to be reviewed by the panel of Professional Photographers. Terry had just heard the highly sought after acclaim "Portfolio Accepted" and subsequently had his body of work reviewed by Artist-in-Residence Gregory Heisler, Dance and Movement Photographer, Lois Greenfield, Hearst Publishing's Studio Manager Simon Alexander and renowned Commercial Still Life Photographer Grant Peterson. After ten long and intense months of training, the Portfolio Review process is an emotional, yet exciting event in each student's young career., Current student Marla has reason to be happy as she submits her Final Year-end Portfolio to Instructor Rich Barnes. The Final Year-end Portfolio is the culmination of 10-months of intense training in the field of Professional Photography including, but not limited to, Portrait Photography, Commercial Tabletop Photography and Location Photography., Hallmark's Imaging Theater (IT) is filled almost to capacity just hours before the June Class of 2012 submits their Final Year-end Portfolios. The IT is the last stop in the workflow process as all editing and printing happen in here., Current student Emilia offers some advice to classmate Ryan as he sequences the test images for his Year-end Porfolio, before printing his final 11 x 14 prints. In addition to each individual image needing to be strong, both technically and creatively, the order in which the images are displayed as a body of work is of utmost importance as the panel of professional photographers judge the work., Current students Marla (left) and Jill (right) discuss one of Marla's Final Year-end Portfolio images as she does some final retouching in Hallmark's Imaging Theater., Current student Josh sets up an Environmental Studio Still-life image in Hallmark's Commercial Studio as he shoots his last photograph for his Year-end Final Portfolio., Instructor Rich Barnes splits his time between current students Liz and Ashley as they both work on some of the portrait images that will be included in their Final Year-end Portfolio when they submit it next Friday, June 1st., Current student Megan takes a light reading with her light meter as she prepares to shoot her Environmental Still Life in Hallmark's Commercial Studio., Current student Molly uses a close-up loupe to examine the quality of a chrome taken with the Deardorff 8 x 10 View Camera during a class with Instructor David Turner and Artist-in-Residence Gregory Heisler., Current student Tanya prepares to shoot with a Deardorff 8 x 10 View Camera during a Location Studio class with Artist-in-Residence Gregory Heisler and Instructor David Turner., Students working the Cinevate FLT Slider during the "Hands on" section of this past weekend's Intro to DSLR Video Workshop., Artist-in-Residence Gregory Heisler (under canvas) demonstrates additional location lighting techniques to some of Hallmark's June 2012 graduates as Instructor David Turner models for the shot., An Open Letter to the Hallmark Community from Premier Education Group's President, William Anjos
http://hallmark.edu/openletter/, Current students Erin and T.D. pose as bride and groom while their classmates Lili, Dave and Katelin practice window light portraiture in a local church. The mock wedding set up by Instructor Michael Zide was part of the ongoing Wedding Photography curriculum here at Hallmark., Current Photo student, Duck and his lovely wife Sharon, acted out several scenes for today's DSLR Video Workshop.  We got gorgeous footage.  Thank you both!, null, Instructor Todd Verlander meets with current student Cody to discuss some of Cody's design work for his letterhead and business cards. Having finished almost all his shoots for his Final Year-end Portfolio, Cody decided to take advantage of instructors' office hours and work on the things that will be important to the photography business he plans to establish upon graduation in June., Video/NewMedia Instructor Dennis O'Clair preps the gear for this weekend's DSLR Video Workshop for Pro Photographers.  Included are Zeiss lenses and a Canon 5D MkIII supplied by LensProToGo.com., Current student Michael checks out the focus and color on his Environmental Still Life image that he set up in Hallmark's Commercial Studio for his submission of his Phase II Final Assignment., Current student Tanya meters to check the light reading as she prepares to photograph her classmate Dana during their Location Studio. Artist-in-Residence Gregory Heisler and Instructor David Turner took students to the greenhouses of nearby Pioneer Gardens as part of the ongoing curriculum in location lighting., Current student Tanya meters to check the light reading as she prepares to photograph her classmate Dana during their Location Studio. Artist-in-Residence Gregory Heisler and Instructor David Turner took students to the greenhouses of nearby Pioneer Gardens as part of the ongoing curriculum in location lighting., Instructors Tony Downer (left) and Dick D'Alessandro (far right) share some collaborative interaction as they discuss the Final Year-end Portfolio images of current students Kathleen and NydiaRose, seated at the monitors in Hallmark's Design Lab. Critique classes such as this are a regular fixture in the final weeks of the schedules for our June 2012 graduates as instructor feedback is crucial to the outcome of the Portfolio they will present for acceptance to a panel of Professional Photographers beginning the first week of June., Current student Andrea poses as the "bride" for instructor Michael Zide's mock wedding shoot at a nearby church in Turners Falls. Andrea manages to keep her composure, even as her classmates (l-r) Jenna, Sam, Ana, Matt, Kayley, Kathleen and Ben seem to be humored by the appearance of her in a wedding dress., Guest Lecturer Matthew Cavanaugh discusses his photojournalistic approach to wedding photography as he speaks to both the Classes of June and October 2012 in Hallmark's Auditorium., Guest Lecturer and National Geographic Photographer Sam Abell advises Hallmark's student body about the composition of one of his photographs, explaining how light, shadow, setting and gesture all play a part in a successful documentary image., Guest Lecturer and National Geographic Photographer Sam Abell stands in front of one of his images on the stage in Hallmark's Auditorium, as he tells the student body about the precise moment he captured this image. The cowboy had been scolded by a superior for letting his horse get cold by riding him too "hot". As the horse shivered, the dog in the background looked up as did the cowboy with his look of remorse; that is when Sam clicked the shutter., Current student Dave checks his images on the computer monitor while shooting the environment still-life he set up in Hallmark's Commercial Studio., Current student Kurtis, donated his time and creativity to produce this video for Meals on Wheels, Instructor Richard Barnes gives a quick lesson to a little girl who is about to take a picture of her sister at The Hole in the Wall Gang Camp in Ashford, CT. Founded by actor Paul Newman, the camp is a retreat where children with life-threatening or terminal illnesses can spend a week just being a kid. This past weekend, a group of Hallmark instructors volunteered their time to document the activities for the Family Weekend as well as take family photos. Each family left with an 8x10 print and a CD of images from their session, donated by Hallmark Institute of Photography., Instructor Richard Barnes prepares to photograph a little girl who will attempt to climb the "Tower" (with some help from a trained camp counselor) at The Hole in the Wall Gang Camp in Ashford, CT. Founded by actor Paul Newman, the camp is a retreat where children with life-threatening or terminal illnesses can spend a week just being a kid. This past weekend, a group of Hallmark instructors volunteered their time to document the activities for the Family Weekend as well as take family photos. Each family left with a framed 8x10 print and a CD of images from their session, donated by Hallmark Institute of Photography....and the little girl made it to the top!, Instructor Michael Zide takes a look at a black and white studio image recently shot by current student Liz, as they go through her final portfolio pieces in Hallmark's Imaging Theater., LensProToGo.com is now a Partner and Sponsor for the next Intro to DSLR Video Workshop, May 19 & 20.  New this Workshop is "hands-on" with the Canon Cameras 5D Mk3, Invading the Office of the President, Artist-in-Residence Gregory Heisler and Instructor David Turner work with Hallmark students to demonstrate the photographing of an executive in his environment. Being able to mix various light sources, both natural window light as well as artificial light, is a crucial part of creating a successful executive portrait., Artist-in-Residence Gregory Heisler shoots a group portrait of Hallmark students at the site of local newspaper The Gazette during Location Studio., Hallmark News: http://hallmark.edu/news/#100, Current student Billy assists classmate Jenn in Hallmark's Commercial Studio as she prepares to shoot an image of milk while showing motion in the liquid. This image will be used for the individual assignment in her Final Year-end Portfolio that asks the student to create a mock advertisement of a product., DSLR Video Workshop for Pro Photographers.  Seating is limited, register soon., Guest Lecturer Rick Souders speaks in the far background while his food stylist Stephen can be seen prepping a gourmet bagel sandwich for a demonstration the team did for Hallmark's student body. Rick and his food stylist, digital tech and first assistant (also seen in the background) re-enacted a shoot they had done for a client just two weeks ago, in an effort to bring to life what really goes into a commercial shoot like this., null, June 2011 graduate, and creator of the DT50 studio lighting system, Alan Bassett, poses for current student Rod in Hallmark's Portrait Studio as he puts the lights to work. Originally, Artist-in-Residence Gregory Heisler used parts purchased from The Home Depot to create a simple portable light that created beautiful images. Alan has spent the better part of the last year taking this idea to the next level, fabricating sturdy, yet lightweight lights that feature a switch to go back and forth between two light levels, and a handle for easy transport. Alan was at Hallmark to demonstrate the final product as well as allow students to use them to work on their Final Year-end Portfolio images. Assisting Rod are current students Kathleen and NydiaRose., Current student Cara meets with instructor Braden Chattman during her mid Phase IV Review. The purpose of the review is to determine that each and every student is making satisfactory progress towards the successful completion of his/her Final Year-end Portfolio due June 1st. In addition to checking to see that each student has a significant number of images shot, instructors review lighting, posing, cropping, styling and printing of each image., Current student Kurtis does a test shot in Hallmark's Commercial Studio, to determine how much movement he needs in the water to get the final image he is working on., One of Hallmark's Portrait Studios is transformed into a critiqueing area as students must attend a mid Phase IV Review. The purpose of the review is to determine that each and every student is making satisfactory progress towards the successful completion of his/her Final Year-end Portfolio due June 1st. In addition to checking to see that each student has a significant number of images shot, instructors review lighting, posing, cropping, styling and printing of each image. Shown here clockwise beginning at left, instructor Dick D'Alessandro meets with current student Kurtis, instructor Richard Barnes meets with current student Andrea and instructor Braden Chattman meets with current student Kathleen., One of Hallmark's Portrait Studios is transformed into a critiqueing area as students must attend a mid Phase IV Review. The purpose of the review is to determine that each and every student is making satisfactory progress towards the successful completion of his/her Final Year-end Portfolio due June 1st. In addition to checking to see that each student has a significant number of images shot, instructors review lighting, posing, cropping, styling and printing of each image. Shown here clockwise beginning at left, instructor Dick D'Alessandro meets with current student Kurtis, instructor Richard Barnes meets with current student Andrea and instructor Braden Chattman meets with current student Kathleen., Instructor David Turner shoots a professional model during his Fashion Photography class as he explains the nuances of lighting for fashion. David was also able to bring in a professional hair stylist and make-up artist to show students how a larger scale fashion shoot is a true production involving a number of people., Guest Lecturer Bruce Katz speaks enthusiastically about his work with Hallmark's Class of 2012. Known for his architectural photography, Bruce had an inspirational message for the student body in which he shared his belief that if you love what you do, you will succeed, as he has, shooting a variety of different things such as portraits and editorial photography., Guest Lecturer Bobbi Lane explains how she created the image on the large screen in Hallmark's Auditorium, as she speaks to the Class of 2012., Hallmark's corporate partners, Premier Education Group (PEG), selected Hallmark as the site for this year's annual PEG In-Service workshop, held this past Saturday, April 21st in Hallmark's Educational Center. More than 400 guests from PEG's Career Training Schools from Maine to Connecticut gathered for a day of awards and wise words from the keynote speaker Jeffrey Schillinger. Guests can be seen here picking up a boxed lunch prepared by students from one of PEG's culinary schools. Each lunch was painstakingly prepared with a cold cut or vegetarian sandwich wrap, gourmet pasta salad and home-made brownies for dessert. It was truly amazing to see how quickly guests moved through the organized lines and enjoyed a delicious lunch., Current student T.D. prepares to shoot the salad (at right) at local restaurant The Farm Table during his Location Studio under the direction of Artist-in-Residence Gregory Heisler while his classmates look on., Current student Ana shoots a dancer in Hallmark's Portrait Studio as one of her submissions for her Final Year-end Portfolio. Ana's assistant, current student Sam, is nearby ready to adjust the lighting if necessary., Current students Sam, Kayla, Amber and Dana enjoy the nice weather while interviewing each other for their upcoming video project., Current student Viviana gets low to the ground in Hallmark's Portrait Studio to shoot a model with high key lighting at Sunday's Student Open House. Her assistant, current student Andrea can be seen as well., An overhead shot of Hallmark's Commercial Studio gives a clear indication of the interest from Sunday's Student Open House guests, including friends, family and Hallmark Alumni., Proud parents take their own photo while reading their daughter's Artist Statement at Sunday's Student Open House. Each student submitted a black and white head shot to go along with his/her Artist Statement, written to explain in their own words, why they have chosen to take the journey that is professional photography., A guest at Sunday's Student Open House spends a quiet moment reading the Artist Statements from the June Class of 2012. Each student submitted a black and white head shot to go along with his/her Artist Statement, written to explain in their own words, why they have chosen to take the journey that is professional photography., Instructor Rich Barnes discusses business card design with current students Rema and Kayley as they help to set up the display of business cards and promotional pieces in Hallmark's Design Lab in preparation for Sunday's Student Open House. Current student Nicole can be seen in the background looking over her classmates' submissions as well., Reminder: The Student Open House for June Graduating Classof 2012 is this Sunday, April 15, from 1-4pm., Current student Manuel directs his model (not shown) in Hallmark's Portrait Studio while experimenting with different types of lighting., Frequent model Lexie poses for Instructor David Turner as he demonstrates a shoot in his Fashion Lighting class., Current student Andrea models for classmate Viviana who uses a unique lighting set up to create a fun and interesting fashion shot in Hallmark's Portrait Studio., New Media Instructor Dennis O'Clair on the X-Rite Photo blog., Students from Hallmark's Class of October 2012 utilize the natural light along with lighting they brought, behind a hangar at the Northampton Airport to create a stunning location portrait. Seen here, current student Melissa poses while classmate Amanda shoots and classmate Midge acts as the assistant holding the light., Artist-in-Residence Gregory Heisler continues his location lighting demonstrations in the auto body shop of Franklin County Technical School, located just down the street from Hallmark's Educational Center. Drastically different from the shoot at the restaurant a day earlier, Gregory still instructs students on the importance of appropriate lighting for the environment you're in., Artist-in-Residence Gregory Heisler chats with the Chef at local restaurant The Farm Table in nearby Bernardston, MA, as he sets up his lighting and camera equipment in preparation for a shoot. Hallmark Students can be seen looking on as they participate in this Location Studio class. Gregory has coordinated with a number of locations in the local area this year that have agreed to open up their space allowing for Hallmark's students to learn the importance of understanding lighting in all types of environments., Current Student Megan makes a cameo appearance at the end of this mini tutorial on Video Color Workflow., Current student Jesse can be seen in the image on the left, adjusting exposure on the large format camera in Hallmark's Commercial Studio, as he prepares for a watch shot. The image on the right shows the detail of the set that Jesse prepared in order to complete his shoot., Hallmark's Video Curriculum is one of the highlights of the Spring Open House as instructor Dennis O'Clair explains to some of our guests how he is capturing the audio and video of current student Megan, seen here singing and playing guitar., Guest Lecturer Claire Rosen's three day workshop with Hallmark's students culminates this afternoon in the presentation of each groups final image using a fairy tale or story to illustrate social commentary. Here, the group made up of students Sam, Jessica and Dana discuss their image involving Dorothy and the Tin Man from "The Wizard of Oz". To find out more about Ms. Rosen go to clairerosenphoto.com, Guest Lecturer Claire Rosen's three day workshop with Hallmark's students culminates this afternoon in the presentation of each groups final image using a fairy tale or story to illustrate social commentary. Here, the group made up of students Cody, Andrea, Liz, Cara and Alex discuss their image involving "The Little Mermaid." To find out more about Ms. Rosen go to clairerosenphoto.com, Students are really excited about the assignment Guest Instructor Claire Rosen has given them. Here, a group of current students use "The Little Mermaid" as the inspiration for their shoot. The environment in and out of Hallmark's Educational Center is abuzz with activity as students find creative ways to interpret social, economic and cultural events as Claire works one-on-one with them. To find out more about Claire Rosen go to clairerosenphoto.com, Students are really excited about the assignment Guest Instructor Claire Rosen has given them. Here, a group of current students re-enacts "Little Red Riding Hood" in a wooded area not far from the campus. The environment in and out of Hallmark's Educational Center is abuzz with activity as students find creative ways to interpret social, economic and cultural events as Claire works one-on-one with them. To find out more about Claire Rosen go to clairerosenphoto.com, As a means to help the student body raise funds for their annual Student Open House on April 15th, Hallmark Faculty and Staff banded together to prepare and serve a dinner to students and staff for a nominal fee. Here, instructor Chat Sirichanvimol prepares his Thai Steak Salad with care, while students patiently wait for a taste of the delicious entree., Guest Instructor Claire Rosen (left) meets with a group of students as they share their ideas and brainstorming techniques while planning a shoot for the assignment she gave them. They must choose a current topic (economic, social, educational etc.) and document it using a fairy tale theme. The purpose of the assignment is to get the creative juices flowing and think "outside the box" when approaching photo shoots. Students pictured include Katelin, Moxue, Viviana, Erin and Rachel., Guest Instructor Claire Rosen (center) meets with a group of students as they share their ideas and brainstorming techniques while planning a shoot for the assignment she gave them. They must choose a current topic (economic, social, educational etc.) and document it using a fairy tale theme. The purpose of the assignment is to get the creative juices flowing and think "outside the box" when approaching photo shoots. Students picture left to right include Megan, Sam, Dana, Jessica and Lorin., The Public Relations Committee for Hallmark's 37th Annual Student Open House on April 15th, works diligently to stuff and label Student Open House invitations in the Design Lab. From left to right are PR Committee Chair Ryan, Brian, Chris, Nicole and Elizabeth. The June Class of 2012 is entirely responsible for the planning and execution of the Student Open House including designing the invitation., Guest Lecturer Claire Rosen discusses the practice of conceptualizing fine art photography with both the June and October 2012 classes, and how that can mean a number of different things to different artists. Claire will be a guest instructor as well in the classroom over the next few days working with students individually in creativity workshops., Current student Terry shares some thoughts with classmate Rachel, as they discuss their respective photography business websites. In the foreground, current student Alex works diligently on her website during the work period in Hallmark's Design Lab. As part of their Final Year-end Portfolio, students must have a live website that includes a home page, a photo gallery, a bio page and a contact page., Director of Education Lisa Robinson shares an example of a Final Year-end Portfolio, as she familiarizes the June Class of 2012 with their Phase IV, Final Year-end Portfolio Assignment. This assignment is the ultimate culmination of all the technical and artistic skills students have learned this year, combined with their creativity and knowledge of what direction they would like to take their photography as they enter the field as Professional  Photographers., The last Workshop sold out.  Don't miss the next one.  Cinevate, Profoto, X-Rite Photo are some of the sponsors who provide lots of cool gear to try during this comprehensive, hands on Workshop., While our June graduates have been enjoying spring break, instructors have been busy grading Phase III final assignments and working closely with our October class.  Shown here are four images submitted as part of students' Phase III final mandatory submissions.  Final Portfolios in Phase III and IV have both mandatory and personal choice submissions.  The mandatory submissions are designed so that students will demonstrate their mastery of a wide range of photographic techniques. while the personal submissions allow the student to dive into those areas that they are passionate about., The Red Cross Blood Drive takes place at Hallmark's Educational Center on Tuesday, April 3, 2012 from 10am - 3pm. Many staff, faculty and students have already signed up to donate as Hallmark looks to exceed its goal of 60 pints. This blood drive is open to the public and appointments can be set by calling Tammy Murphy, Director of Student and Community Services, at 413.863.2478 or by contacting the Red Cross directly at 800-922-4376., Pictured: Artist in Residence, Gregory Heisler, is shown working with students to create realistic lighting tones in the studio.  The lighting used in this exercise was designed by Heisler and Instructor David Turner using commonly available components available from stores like Home Depot.  In addition to demonstrating one way to save costs when they open their own studios, they use these lights to reinforce that professional photographers need to have the flexibility to put into use any light source available in cases when their primary lighting is unavailable., Pictured: Instructor Dick D'Alessandro (center) works with current students Andrew, Melissa, and Midge (l-r) to set lighting, reflectors, and the camera angle for their commercial product shot.  This demonstrates just one of the ways that Hallmark achieves it commitment to providing a hands-on and personal education while maintaining the highest standards in its curriculum., My crazy obsession. Instructor Dennis O'Clair has a "few" lenses that he shares during the DSLR VideoWorkshop.  They are all manual focus primes that are adapted to the Canon 5D MkII., null, Pictured: Current student Lorin (standing left) volunteers with Instructor Dennis O'Clair (standing right) to help demonstrate video capture settings on the Canon 5D.  Lorin's classmates sit in Studio B, one of Hallmark's dedicated video capture studios, ready to use this information to capture footage for their first motion photography projects., Pictured: Instructor Michael Merritt teaches Digital Image Workflow to our October 2012 graduates using Adobe Lightroom in our Imaging Theater. Each workstation in the Imaging Theater contains a Mac Pro with 16GB of RAM, an Eizo calibrated display, a Wacom drawing tablet, and a dedicated Epson printer., 4 New Video Lighting kits - 12 Lowell lights, 12 Stands, 12 Umbrellas, 12 Gel holders, 12 Barn doors plus accessories and cases!, Pictured: Instructor David Turner is shown photographing Rick Sammon, known throughout the photographic community as one of the most active photographers, lecturers and instructors on the planet. David is using a specialized continuous soft light source designed by 2011 Hallmark graduate, Alan Bassett http://atbassettlighting.com/. Rick was so impressed with the overall experience that he immediately began blogging about it on the web., Pictured: Instructor David Turner is shown photographing Rick Sammon, known throughout the photographic community as one of the most active photographers, lecturers and instructors on the planet. David is using a specialized continuous soft light source designed by 2011 Hallmark graduate, Alan Bassett http://atbassettlighting.com/. Rick was so impressed with the overall experience that he immediately began blogging about it on the web., Pictured: Instructor David Turner is shown photographing Rick Sammon, known throughout the photographic community as one of the most active photographers, lecturers and instructors on the planet. David is using a specialized continuous soft light source designed by 2011 Hallmark graduate, Alan Bassett http://atbassettlighting.com/. Rick was so impressed with the overall experience that he immediately began blogging about it on the web., null, Pictured: Instructor Dennis O'Clair assists current student Elizabeth as she works on editing her promotional video in Hallmark's Editing Lab., Pictured: After developing inexpensive lights using Home Depot materials several years ago, the Location Studio team of Artist-in-Residence Gregory Heisler and Instructor David Turner have incorporated this simple but highly effective lighting into their lectures and demonstrations. Here David Turner explains the concept to current student Melissa while current student Lorin meters for a shot of classmate Amanda. An earlier image of David can be seen on the screen in the background., Pictured: Current student Jessica adjusts the large format camera in the Commercial Studio while shooting a still-life image. A test shot can be seen on the computer screen in the background., Pictured: Unused since the 1960's, this abandoned boarding house at the top of a still operational department store in downtown Greenfield serves as the perfect place for Artist-in-Residence Gregory Heisler's Location Studio class. Instructed to shoot a "lonely" or "depressing" portrait, current student Helena prepares to photograph classmate Sam while current student Erin assists and Gregory provides encouragement., Pictured: Instructor Michael Zide's creativity is endless as he convinces current student Meg to pose as his subject on the stairway in the Hallmark's Educational Center., Completely SOLDOUT.  Sign up now for priority registration for next Workshop., Pictured: Students from the Class of June 2012 hosted an International Dinner which also served as a fundraising event to raise money for the upcoming Student Open House. Students and staff alike enjoyed dishes from Mexico, Venezuela, China, India and the U.S. while a mix of music from those countries played in the background., Beautiful day today!  This photo, by Instructor Dennis O'Clair, was taken last Wed in Millers Falls.  What a difference a week makes., Pictured: Instuction on Pet Photography continues as Director of Financial Aid Jamie Santiago brings her dog Harley to Hallmark's Portrait Studio to model. Instructor Tony Downer, a pet lover himself, knows all the tricks when it comes to capturing that perfect expression in the creature's face., Pictured: Instructor Tony Downer provides a lecture and demonstration on the careful execution of shooting pet photography with the help of current student Cari and her dog LuLu., Pictured: Instructor Braden Chattman discusses the skin tones of current student Emilia's Phase III images during her Career Conference this morning. Instructors Dick D'Alessandro and Rich Barnes, as well as Director of Education Lisa Robinson will also talk about Emilia's Commercial and Portrait work as well as her Career Business Plan., Pictured: Instructor Braden Chattman goes over the print color of current student Alex's Commercial Still-life shot of the candy "Skittles." Instructors Dick D'Alessandro, Rich Barnes and Director of Education Lisa Robinson, as well as Alex seem to respond to the humor in Braden's feedback., Pictured: In the afternoon session of their Guest Lecturer Presentation to both the June and October Classes of 2012, Justin and Mary Marantz, with assistance from current student Kathleen, set up a lighting demo, similar to what they would do during a wedding ceremony., Pictured: Fresh off a lecture given at the WPPI (Wedding and Portrait Photographers International) convention in Las Vegas, Mary Marantz, one half of the wedding photography duo extroardinaire, Justin and Mary, addresses Hallmark's student body in the Auditorium. In addition to traditional marketing and social networking, Mary explains how word-of-mouth and building relationships with their clients has become a crucial part of their business's success., Did you miss yesterday's Open House?  Don't fret - the next Admissions Open House is set for Sunday April 1, 2012.  Don't put it off since this is the last Admission's Open House before the next class starts! RSVP http://hallmark.edu/openhouse or call us at 413.863.2478, Open House Today - 12:30 to 3:00pm.  Just show up and bring your enthusiasm, love of photography, and desire to be a professional photographer.  Meet the faculty, tour the facilities, and learn why Hallmark has the best program., null, Pictured: Guest Lecturer Ron Wyatt shares some of his sports images as well as technical know-how for shooting everything from sports to corporate advertisements to annual reports., International student, Maria Andrea, from Venezuela, makes her first ever Snow Angel., Pictured: During his Career Conference, current student Chris listens intently to instructor Dick D'Alessandro as he shares some observations about Chris's work. While Dick is speaking, instructors Braden Chattman (left), Rich Barnes (right) and Director of Education Lisa Robinson are able to view Chris's images on their laptops in preparation for their own feedback., Pictured: Instructor Richard Barnes critiques the images submitted by a current student for her Phase III Assignment. This week and next, each student in the June Class of 2012 will have an individual Career Confererence to discuss his/her Final Year-end Portfolio and Career Business Plans with (clockwise from from left) Commercial Instructor Dick D'Alessandro, Portrait Instructor Richard Barnes, Digital Imaging Instructor Braden Chattman and Director of Education Lisa Robinson., More Pinterest & Copyright issues., Pictured: Current student Karen checks her light meter reading before photographing classmate Lili in the Portrait Studio. Current student Terry is assisting with lighting., null, Compelling and haunting BW portraits., Pictured: The Trolley Museum in Shelburne Falls, MA, is the perfect environment for students to shoot their "cool on warm" images for the assignment that asks them to use color as a design element. Here, current student Kenzy poses for her classmate Mike., Pictured: Instructor Dick D'Alessandro assists current student Jessica as she constructs a colorful set in the Commercial Studio for one of her Phase III Final images., Video / New Media Instructor Dennis O'Clair interviewed for Cinevate blog post., Pictured: Current student Armahn gets creative in the Portrait Studio as he shoots his child image for part of his Phase III Final Assignment., Pictured: Current student Tori shoots her assignment to show emotion from subjects in motion while working at Buffam Falls in nearby Pelham, MA., Pictured: This collage of photos captures the intensity and serious nature with which our current June 2012 graduates edit their Phase III Final Assignment images, including getting instructor input whenever possible., Pictured: Director of Photography for "Saturday Night Live" Alex Buono, discusses how today's still cameras, such as the Canon 7D shown here, are being used to shoot video segments for his show as well as others. As part of Hallmark's Guest Lecturer Series, Alex also talked about his journey from film school to intern to camera assistant to his current position which he's held for 12 years at SNL., Pictured: New York City Advertising Photographer and Guest Lecturer Monte Isom discusses his climb to the top of his game, including assisting Hallmark's Artist-in-Residence, Gregory Heisler. With his logo in the background on the big screen, Monte talks about how he documents all his still shoots on video, as he has a Canon 5D Mark II recording video while he lectures., Pictured: Current student Andrea works on an intricate set in Hallmark's Commercial Studio, while Instructor Chat Sirichanvimol offers his guidance., Pictured: Current student Andrea works on an intricate set in Hallmark's Commercial Studio, while Instructor Chat Sirichanvimol offers his guidance., SNL Director of Photography Alex Buono will be here next week.  We are on his calendar.  Check out his work., Pictured: Students practice their interviewing techniques in Video Class.  In this image they are conducting a two camera interview which requires them to work in teams; two camera operators, an audio recordist and a director., Interview Tips & Techniques in Video class today., Pictured: Instructor Rich Barnes advises current student Nicole in Hallmark's Imaging Theater, as she works on editing an image of a child photographed in the Portrait Studio., Pictured: Guest Lecturer and native of western Massachusetts, Matthew Cavanaugh shares details about his career as an Associated Press photographer working many times covering the White House, as one of his photos of 2008 Vice Presidential Candidate Sarah Palin appears on the big screen in Hallmark's Auditorium. http://hallmark.edu/images/media/cms/Happening/119/_MG_6088smwhatshappening.jpg, null, Week Twenty-Three - This week western Massachusetts native and professional photographer, Matthew Cavanaugh joins us for our Guest Lecturer Series. Formerly based in Washington DC, Mr. Cavanaugh spent years covering the White House and documenting historic events - including the election and inauguration of President Barack Obama. We are lucky to have him back in Hallmark's neck  of the woods to share his work and knowledge of the industry. Our June 2012 graduates put the finishing touches on their Career Business Plans this week. The process of producing this plan has been eye opening for many as they must now begin to think about their future beyond graduation. In addition they continue to shoot in the portrait and commercial studios as well as on location for their Phase III Final Assignment, a collection of 15 images ranging from children and families, executives and outdoor portraits to advertisements and still-lifes. Our October 2012 graduates head to nearby Amherst, MA this week for another on-location shooting field trip. Amherst, home to UMass, Amherst College and Hampshire College provides a unique atmosphere of old and new architecture and culture; every photographer's dream. This class will also study the history of photography this week and increase their newfound knowledge of post-production in Imaging Workflow., Canon 5D still shoots some pretty good video also - "Act of Valor" HD trailer.  Hollywood film shot with 15 Canon 5D cameras with real Navy Seal teams., Nikon D800 - 36MP and very impressive video as shown in this very cool video, Guest Lecturer and 1987 Hallmark Graduate Bill Diodato discusses his lengthy and successful career since graduating from Hallmark. One of his beauty shots can be seen on the screen behind him in the Auditorium., Tomorrow: Guest Speaker: Bill Diodato
Alumnus Bill Diodato returns to Hallmark to share his knowledge and photographic wisdom with the current class. Mr. Diodato has been working in New York since 1990, producing images walk that fine line between pure artistic vision and commercial art. His expressive and individual sense of beauty and style has evolved into the perfect medium. His vast client list includes Self, Vogue, Vibe and Travel & Leisure Magazines, Clinique, Nike, Cambell's Soup, Prada and many, many more.  More information: http://billdiodato.com/, null, Transcoding, Final Cut Pro, MPEG Streamclip, Image Browser!  Fun, fun, fun in the Edit Lab today., This week begins with a presentation to both our June and October 2012 graduates by Guest Lecturer Lindsay Adler. Lindsay, an up and coming fashion and portrait photographer based in New York has had her work featured in several international fashion magazines as well as photography magazines including Professional Photographer and Rangefinder. Lindsay also excels at marketing through social media and will share her outlook on the industry with students. Our June 2012 graduates are busy planning for their Phase III final assignments as well as scouting locations and scheduling models for the portrait studios. During Business Writing and Business Control classes this week, their focus is on beginning to put together a rough draft of their Career Business Plan, another element of their Phase III Final. In addition, students from the June 2012 class still attend classes for Imaging Workflow, Video and Wedding Photography. Our October 2012 graduates attend more technical photographic lectures, are introduced to the assignment for a 5-minute Autobiographical Presentation in Business Communications and take their newfound camera and lighting skills on the road for a field trip to nearby Brattleboro, VT. Pictured: Guest Lecturer Lindsay Adler discusses how Social Networking has fueled her photography business to success as she shares marketing tips with Hallmark students., Hallmark Institute of Photography Instructor Michael Zide will be one of the photographers featured in the upcoming show , "The Four Seasons" exhibited at the PhotoPlace Gallery in Middlebury Vermont. Juried by noted nature photographer David Middleton, Zide's work was selected from over 600 entries. Exhibition dates are February 14-March 10, 2012. The show will be produced in book form., null, Week Nineteen - There is still plenty going on in this four-day week shortened by the Martin Luther King Jr. Holiday. Early Tuesday morning our June 2012 graduates submit their Phase II Final Assignment and jump right into Phase III with a Portfolio Preparation class. There are two major assignments that students will spend the bulk of their time on during Phase III; one is their Career Business Plan, an in-depth plan that maps out their career goals by asking them to submit a Statement of Goals, an Action Plan as to how they will reach those goals and a Marketing Plan including research on their potential employment options and/or client base if they plan to start their own business. Promotional and Financial documents must also be included. The second is a mini-portfolio; a body of images that becomes a pre-curser to their Final Year-end Portfolio in Phase IV. Students are given all the photographic assignments at one time and then must plan, execute and submit them as a body of work at the end of Phase III. Meanwhile, our October 2012 graduates have completed their Orientation exercises and begin classes as well as head to scenic Old Deerfield, Massachusetts for their first field trip. Pictured: Current student Calvin takes advantage of the garage door in Hallmark's Educational Center in order to bring his car in for his Self Portrait Assignment. This assignment allows students some creative license to produce a photograph that tells the viewer a little bit about themselves. Shooting the image for Calvin is his classmate Tanya., null, Students enjoyed the new Cinevate gear in Video Class., Week 18 - Our June 2012 graduates are half way through the program as they complete Phase II this week. They will spend the majority of the week working on four assignments that make up their Phase II Final and cover all the areas they have been training in since September. For their portrait assignment students will submit an image that could be used for a magazine cover such as Time, Sports Illustrated or Seventeen. They will submit an Environmental Still-Life as their commercial assignment and an Environmental Portrait for their location assignment. Lastly, each student is asked to submit a self-portrait. This is always a welcome and fun assignment for students as they attempt to capture their own personality in a photograph. In addition this week, Hallmark welcomes it's October Class of 2012 as orientation events begin on Wednesday. Pictured: A final image from last week's Food Photography assignment by current student Emily., null, Week Seventeen - A new week and a new year finds the Class of 2012 entering the remaining couple weeks of Phase II. They begin the week with new Portrait and Commercial Lectures followed by studios to complete the assignments given out in these lectures. In the Portrait Studio this week students will complete a PR/Alternative assignment. This assignment asks the student to create a portrait of a man or woman in business attire for public relations use such as one would see for realtors, lawyers etc. The second part of the assignment has the student shooting an alternative image of the same person in a much less formal manner. For instance, the realtor may enjoy cycling in his/her spare time thus the student would be encouraged to get a shot of his/her subject in cycling gear. The purpose of the assignment is to show students how it can be possible to create other types of jobs and sales from the initial job or sale. In addition, students tackle food photography in the Commercial Studio, where the unique challenge of keeping the food items looking fresh and appetizing under the hot studio lights presents a challenge. Pictured: Instructor David Turner reviews a group portrait that current student Ashley has taken of some of her classmates. This lecture and demonstration is part of ongoing instruction in Location Lighting., Should Old Acquaintance be forgot,
and never thought upon.                                                                       Old Long Syne, by James Watson (1711), null, And to all a Good Night!, null, Happy Holidays - Over the next two weeks, students of the Class of 2012 enjoy a well deserved holiday recess. For many who live across the country or across the world, it is the first time home to visit loved ones, since they began their Hallmark journey in September. While this time allows for rest, relaxation and celebrations with family and friends, many students will also use this time to shoot their Event Photography assignment, such as a holiday party, wedding, parade or festival, or capture members of their own families for their Family Portrait assignment both due after they return from their break. Pictured: During Location Studio, students are introduced to gels; different colored translucent pieces of plastic used with professional lights to create mood in an image. Here, instructor David Turner encourages current student Erin (shooting), Marla (holding the light) and Cass (posing) as they practice getting the lighting just right., Info and support for SOPA - Stop Online Piracy Act, null, Week Fourteen - This last week before the Holiday Recess is a busy one. Students begin the week with an all-school Photo Review and Critique where instructors view student work from the last several weeks and provide feedback noting strides they are making as well as areas they should continue to work on. The intent of holding this critique with the entire class is to point out common areas of photographic challenges and provide solutions that all students can benefit from. After a new Portrait Lecture covering High Key lighting as well as couple and family portraiture and a Commercial Lecture in glassware, students spend their Portrait and Commercial Studios this week shooting assignments using what they've learned in those areas. The photographing of weddings, parties and organizational get-togethers is covered in Event Photography as well. Pictured: Instructor Rich Barnes lectures on High Key lighting during today's Portrait lecture., Week Thirteen-There are a number of exciting new assignments this week as students begin to feel more comfortable after several weeks of working in the Portrait and Commercial Studios. Glassware is introduced in the Commercial Studio as students attempt to light this delicate product just right. In addition, the Art Historical Reference assignment is handed out, which is always a favorite from year to year. For this assignment, students may choose a painting or drawing of their choice, then attempt to re-create the piece photographically. It's an assignment that really gets the creative juices flowing and the outcome is usually stunning. Students wrap up the week with Guest Lecturers Jack Reznicki and Edward C. Greenberg J. D. One of the original "Canon Explorers of Light,” Jack Reznicki is the current President of the Board of Directors of Professional Photographers of America (PPA). He has conducted workshops on copyright and legal issues for PPA and other organizations and currently co-authors a Photoshop User magazine column with Ed Greenberg on legal and copyright issues for image-makers. Ed Greenberg is a member of the New York bar who has tried intellectual property and copyright cases at the state, federal and appellate levels. Together they will share their vast knowledge on these important topics with our student body. Pictured: Instructor David Turner speaks with a prospective student and her family in Hallmark's Commercial Studio during Sunday's Open House for Admissions. In the background current students show off their talents in product and still life photography., At the Open House today, two talented gymnasts posed in the portrait studios., Prospective students help shoot a music video at Hallmark Open House., Everyone earned their wings this week., It is a great day here and we are all thinking about "the magic", Upcoming Open House - December 4, 2011 starting at 12:30, Location Lighting, Day 2 at Northampton Airport - Sunny & Fanatastic, Location Lighting, Day 1 at Northampton Airport - Cloudy & Dramatic, Thanks to everyone who helped make this a very successful event.  $5000 raised to benefit United Way of Franklin County!, Alumni Roundtable is fun and informative, null, Three Kings kick off the holiday season at Hallmark / Bay State Medical Center United Way fund raiser., A film about an amazing activist by our film maker friend David Becker from Saugerties, NY.  Airing on TV tonight for the first time on Showtime., Hallmark students to get their first official New Media/Video class on Friday., Always an interesting learning opportunity for the Students., Get a family portrait for the Holidays, help a great cause., New Media / Video Instructor, Dennis O'Clair, captured the beauty of the recent October Snowstorm., null, Week 9 - Although it's hard to believe, our June 2012 graduate begin Phase II this week as they are introduced to the Portrait and Commercial Studios. The control of indoor, in-studio lighting builds upon the techniques they have already learned in Phase I, but adds another element to their repertoire of skills. In addition to lectures in Portrait, Commercial and Location Photography, students begin a series of classes in Digital Asset Management as well as Marketing Analysis. The software program InDesign is introduced in their Design class where they will begin to use this program to eventually create their own letterhead, business cards and promotional pieces. Pictured:During the Phase I Final Assignment Review, instructor Michael Merritt comments on a student image submission for the assignment, "Portrait Using Similar Colors." The purpose of the assignment is to create an expressive portrait where the subject is either wearing cool colors against a cool background, or warm colors against a warm background, as seen here. The maker of this image used his/her classmate Rod as his/her subject., Week 8 - This week begins with a special and spooky assignment to celebrate Halloween. Students spend Monday morning using their skills to shoot monsters in motion, groups of goblins and clowns in costume. Hallmark will provide a special pizza luncheon and we will have some area alumni on hand to judge costumes and hand out prizes. After the fun of Halloween, students get to work spending the majority of the week shooting the ten assignments that make up their Phase I Final Assignment. The week concludes on Friday with the Phase I Final Review at which instructors will critique the images and share their thoughts about the technical skills demonstrated in each of these assignments. Pictured:Current student Ryan, a.k.a. Superman, races at the speed of light as his classmates use their skills to capture motion for their Special Halloween Assignment., Hallmark will be OPEN as scheduled on 10/31/11 - The Trick snowstorm hasn't dampened any of the Treats planned., A few spots still left.  This is going to be a great workshop for any Alumni or Pro Photographer looking to jump start their DSLR Video Production skills., Congratulations to the Hallmark Class of 2011.  , Congratulations to October Graduating Class! Graduation ceremonies will be held tonight at the Hotel Northampton for these fifteen graduates of the Class of October 2011. The well deserved event is a celebration of the effort, perseverance, passion and dedication these students have had throughout the year that lead them to this point. Pictured all left to right, in the back row, Gary and Derrick; middle row, Billy, Shannon, Jimmy, Abby, Luis, Sara, Joyce and Kelsey; front row, Amanda, Becca, Shalaylay, Matt and Mayela., Week Seven - It's one of the busiest weeks of the year as our June 2012 graduates begin the week by receiving their assignment for their Phase I Final. Lectures this week will review the technical skills that have been taught and practiced over the last seven weeks and students will then have about two weeks to complete their first body of work. This body of work will include a group of assignments that encompass all that they have learned during this first phase and the next two weeks will include plenty of studio time to work on this mini portfolio. Thursday evening, our October 2011 graduates become just that, graduates, as their friends and family join Hallmark staff and faculty at an intimate banquet style graduation ceremony in the Grand Ballroom of the nearby Hotel Northampton. Friday morning both classes are up before dawn to head to New York City to attend the PhotoPlus Expo, one of the largest and most informative photography expositions in the country. Pictured: Instructor Richard Barnes (center) poses with current students and those visiting our Fall Open House as a prospective student gets behind the lens to see what it's like to use the professional studio equipment in Hallmark's Portrait Studio., HUGE Thanks to all the students who volunteered on a Sunday to help with the Open House., Sunny and 60 degrees.  The Autumn colors are spectacular. Its a perfect day for a drive to our Open House! , Prepping the studios today for another exciting Open House on Sun 10/23.  New this year is the Video Component., Video Instructor Dennis O'Clair recently completed a tribute film honoring Fred Baldwin & Wendy Watriss of FotoFest International, null, Still looking for Musicians or performance artists to participate in "Music Video" shoot at Open house on Sunday, Oct 23., Another Hallmark grad, Emily Knudsen, getting some good PR over at Strobist., Spotlight on Recent Graduate Rikki Snyder., Week Six — This week our June 2012 graduates explore the differences between black & white and color images in Visual Communications, delve into color psychology in Visual Arts/Style and then take their newfound knowledge about color and tone and how they can make or break an image to the village of Shelburne Falls, MA. Here they can explore the Trolley Museum and railroad grounds, as well as the quaint, New England town at the peak of fall foliage. Our October 2011 graduates meet their final deadline as their Year-end Portfolio is due at the end of the day on Tuesday. Wednesday and Thursday they experience Portfolio Review where renowned photographers Sam Abell, Simon Alexander and Grant Peterson review the students' final body of work. Sam has been shooting for National Geographic since 1970, Simon is the Studio Manager for Hearts Publishing of New York City and Grant is a commercial still-life photographer who's use of light, color, design and printing has influenced generations of photographers. All use their immense experience and knowledge to give each individual student what will likely be the most thorough review of their work they will ever receive. Pictured: Current students Cody, Rachel, Gabby and Jessica (front to back) get creative in a narrow alley in Amherst, MA. All were capturing a portrait of Instructor Tony Downer, who was in turn, shooting them., null, Some very cool images created on this trip.  Nice job., Hallmark Students Shoot it up at The Hole In the Wall Gang Camp - 
On Saturday November 12, student volunteers will travel to Ashford, CT to produce a photo session to brighten the day of some of the young campers at The Hole in the Wall Gang Camp. Founded in 1988 by Paul Newman, the Camp is a nonprofit, year-round center serving children and their families coping with cancer, sickle cell anemia, and other serious illnesses.

For the photo session, students and faculty will set up portrait studios in the dressing rooms of the Camp's gorgeous on-site theater and photograph campers hamming it up--with costumes or without.

Hallmark has become involved with this organization by outfitting the Camp with new and donated camera equipment, computers and printers for the campers and staff to use. Hallmark alumna Judy Barrette volunteered to photograph the Camp's annual fundraising gala, and future plans include teaching photography to the campers and of course, more fun-filled "photo days.", Family Portraits to benefit the United Way of Franklin County

On Saturday November 19, Hallmark students and staff will volunteer their time to photograph family portraits and raise money for Baystate Franklin Medical Center's Employee United Way campaign.

Students will donate their time and photography skills to help stage the day-long event. With faculty supervision, students will greet families, photograph in our state-of-the art facilities, assist in the studios, edit images and fulfill print orders right on the spot. All proceeds from this even will directly benefit the United Way of Franklin County., Who needs a Music Video? Seeking musicians, at least a duo, to participate in a Music Video shoot during Hallmark's Open House on Sun Oct 23., Week Five - This week our June 2012 graduates are once again on a field trip as they travel to the college town of Amherst, MA to work on their composition assignment. Amherst is home to both Amherst College and the University of Massachusetts and is a quaint but bustling area where culture abounds. In addition, students continue classes such as Photo History, where they delve into the rich past of both the industry and some of it's influential photographers, and Record Keeping, where the importance of timely bookkeeping skills are discussed. At the end of the week, Hallmark welcomes Guest Lecturer, Paul Wainwright. Wainwright describes himself as a modern-day Ansel Adams. He works with a wooden large-format camera, sheet film, and develops all his images in his darkroom using a traditional process which forces him to slow down and really think about what he wants his images to be. This week also represents the last full week of studio and lab time for our October 2011 graduates before they pass in their Final Year-end Portfolios. Pictured: Guest Lecturer and 2001 Hallmark graduate Mike Ehrmann, speaks to the Class of 2012 from the stage in Hallmark's auditorium. The image on the big screen is an award winning shot Mike took at an NFL game., Check out the Video Production Suite.  Thanks to all the students who volunteered and helped produce this video  You guys rock!, Come see the magic for yourself at our October Open House.  October 23 starting at 12:30pm.  Call us now at 413.863.2478 or RSVP at http://hallmark.edu/openhouse/ to tell us you will join us., http://hallmark.edu/events/#event299, http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=z728kw-yWGU&feature=youtu.be, Week Three — Timed to coincide with the opening of her show "The Artist as Art", Guest Lecturer Ellen Denuto joins us this week for a presentation on her stunning series of intimate portraits. A successful commercial photographer based in New York, Ms. Denuto is also an accomplished fine art photographer. It is with the same care and attention that she created her portraits of well-known artists including poet Allen Ginsberg, jazz musician, Dan Faulk and photographer/musician/writer Gordon Parks. She will share her journey in photographing this series with our students. Also this week, our June 2012 graduates begin to present their 5-minute autobiographical speeches in Business Communications, and their technical lectures focus on lenses and lens choices. Our October 2011 graduates participate in a Salesmanship class as well as one on Interviewing Skills. These are both designed and timed to help them as they near graduation and begin to interview for photography positions or start their own photographic businesses. Pictured: Artist-in-Residence, Gregory Heisler helps current students, Matt, Mayela and Derrick create a location portrait of a cinema lighting expert using smoke and HMI backlighting., A trailer for the Woodstock Film Festival.  Cinematography by Hallmark Video Instructor, Dennis O'Clair, http://youtu.be/y4pTOaa5-xk, Week Two — The week begins with a Photo Critique and Review for our June 2012 graduates. Images from their first week will be shown and feedback given by their instructors allowing the students to quickly gain an understanding of those technical concepts they are grasping, as well as things they may need to continue to work on and improve upon. Midweek, a field trip takes them to nearby Brattleboro, VT, a small, eclectic city that is home to everyone from dairy farmers to artists, writers and musicians. The architecture and environment are the perfect place for students to shoot for their Visual Arts assignment. In addition, this week students are introduced to their first public speaking assignment, a 5-minute autobiographical presentation, in Business Communications, as well as the importance of learning not just how to take a picture, but how to set up lights, work with stylists, art directors and others that can be present on a shoot, in Assisting class.  Meanwhile, our October 2011 graduates participate in Mid-Phase IV Reviews, in which each student is scheduled for individual time with instructors to share the contents thus far, of his/her Final Year-end Portfolio. The purpose of these reviews is to identify if a student is making reasonable progress towards completion of his/her Year-end Portfolio, but also to offer advice and encouragement as they prepare for the final half of Phase IV, which culminates in the submission of the Year-end Portfolio. Pictured: Current student Kelsey poses while Artist-in-Residence Gregory Heisler shoots with the Canon 5D Mark II during his Location Lighting class. Classmates Billy, Luis and Derrick wait for the image to appear on the computer screen., The Class of 2012 just got their Canon 5D Mark II cameras and now they are on their first field trip -- Historic Deerfield Village., Week One — After completing their three-day orientation last week, our new June 2012 graduates get started with classes right away this week. The first several days are filled with technical lectures followed by photo practicals. In each case, a lecture is given, demonstrating such things as camera settings and light meter readings. After each lecture, the students then practice hands-on what they have been taught using Hallmark's facilities and campus grounds to practice. Midweek, the student body travels to nearby Old Deerfield, a quaint village where they put their new found technical skills to work photographing each other against the early American backdrop of the town. Later in the week, they begin their introductory classes in Digital Imaging Workflow, Visual Arts, Recordkeeping and Photo History. Meanwhile, our October graduates continue their work on their Final Year-end Portfolios as well as their year-end video projects. They also participate in classes such as Elements of Style and Site Selection; how to place your business in an area that easily reaches your target market. Pictured: Our June 2012 graduates receive their first piece of equipment, the light meter. Instructor Tony Downer lectures on it's features, uses and the crucial role it plays in making a professional image., Welcome to the Class of 2012!, Orientation — This week Hallmark welcomes the Class of 2012 beginning with a three-day Orientation. Students descend upon Turners Falls from all over the country and the world. In addition to familiarizing new students with their class schedules, policies & procedures and introducing them to their instructional staff, they will also be treated to some exceptional Guest Lectures. Hallmark's very own Artist-in-Residence, Gregory Heisler kicks off the first afternoon by introducing himself to the student body and sharing his phenomenal work, including some of his over 70 TIME Magazine cover photos. Friend of Hallmark and renowned portrait and fashion photographer, Barbara Bordnick joins us on Day Two. During Barbara's forty-year career she has emerged as one of the first and foremost women photographers in the nation. And lastly, on Day Three, Clay Patrick McBride brings his unrivaled energy and enthusiasm to the group. Clay's work knows no bounds and includes images of the elite stars of sports, hip-hop, and rock and roll. Also this week, our October Graduating Class of 2011 welcomes our new students with a private reception and show, EVOLV(ED) at The Gallery at Hallmark. On display are exquisite images produced by the October Graduating Class of 2011, representing their journey through Hallmark's 10-month program. Pictured: World Renowned Fashion Photographer and Instructor, David Turner, photographs Career Training Coordinator, Brooke Doleva for Hallmark's new 2012-2013 Catalog, available October 2011., null, Summer Session — Our October 2011 graduates continue to shoot, shoot, shoot for their Final Year-end Portfolios. On any given day, depending on the schedule, they can be found shooting a child or pet in the portrait studio, setting up a complicated "pour" shoot (showing liquid in a pouring motion) in the Commercial Studio, or possibly in a family's home capturing the precious moments of that family's life. In addition to all that activity, they still participate in lectures and other classes as well. Electronic promotion is key in this day and age therefore, students are busy creating their own individual websites to showcase their work in Web Site Design. Personal Vision explores just how to incorporate one's own style and creativity while still balancing the marketable side of one's work. Work also continues on the students' year-end promotional video in their Motion Imaging class. Pictured: Artist-in-Residence Gregory Heisler demonstrates the advantages of state-of-the-art fluorescent and LED lighting sources in achieving sophisticated qualities of light as part of his presentation of large-format camera techniques for portraiture. Instructor David Turner assists., null, Summer Session — The beginning of this week has our October graduates out and about on an all day location shoot in nearby Greenfield, MA at an abandoned bank building. Working with natural light as well as flash and reflective lighting, gesture and background is so important as these key ingredients can make or break a location session. Later in the week, advanced photoshop tools continue to be taught in Tools & Techniques, as well as the Quickbooks software in Recordkeeping. While invoicing and journal entries are not always the first thing a photographer thinks about, anyone who will be running his/her own studio or free lance shooting for portrait or advertising work, will need these important skills. As always there is a good amount of Portrait and Commercial Studio time this week to allow for in-studio shoots for each student's Final Year-end Portfolio. Pictured: Instructor Tony Downer checks and adjusts cameras and tripods that are used in Hallmark's Portrait Studios., null, Recent Grad, Jeff Hamm, posted a new wedding video. Shot on a 5D, edited with Final Cut Pro 7., Do you call it DSLR Video or Motion Photography? Hallmark Has The Answer. Our mission is to educate professional image-makers with the technical, artistic and biz skills necessary for success in today's marketplace.  
Watch these short videos written, directed, shot, and edited by members of our June 2011 class. 
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FBgQ5gEl5WU
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gax52GE-ILk
, null, https://www.mac-on-campus.com/LearningCenter/Auditorium/InterviewsandPresentations/166554.aspx, Summer Session — This week students dive head first into their Phase IV Final Year-end Portfolio Assignments. While the planning of individual shoots requires a good deal of time and talent, the actual shooting has already begun for many, as they make use of plenty of Commercial, Portrait and Location Studio time that has been worked into their schedules this week. Because the Final Year-end Portfolio is for these students their "final exam" prior to graduating, every waking hour is consumed by this project. In addition, students spend time looking to their post-graduation future in the imaging industry by participating in additional classes such as Wedding Albums and Professional Business Plans and learning in realistic terms how important marketing and promotion are to their success. Pictured: Current student Mayela, works with Instructor Chat Sirichanvimol and fellow student Kelsey, to bring out the vibrant color of tinted water using multple strobes., Summer Session — Students hand in their Phase III Final Assignment this week and begin their fourth and final phase, Phase IV. Portrait and Commercial photography lectures focus on what types of images students may want to pursue for their Final Year-end Portfolios and also how a student can meet the criteria for each individual assignment within the Year-end Portfolio, yet still take his or her style and inject that into the images to give the final book a unique and personal look. Students also deliver their final public speaking assignment in Business Communications as they present research and career information on a significant photographer, past or present, of their choosing. They also delve into the beginnings of motion photography and video in their Motion Imaging class. Pictured: Artist-in-Residence Gregory Heisler shares some of his secrets for location lighting as he takes some of our October 2011 graduates to a nearby home to shoot on-location assignments., A new version of the Hallmark Portfolio Deadline 2011 video was uploaded today with audio remix., Looks like a lot of fun, and a lot of time..., Summer Session — Our October 2011 graduates return this week from their two week summer recess. They begin to discover some advanced Photoshop skills in their Tools & Techniques class this week while also continuing to learn the fine points of location lighting in Location Studio. Design and Business Control allow them to work both on the design elements of their Letterhead and Business cards for the upcoming Career Business Plan assignment, as well as the detailed documentation of the plan itself, such as who and where their target market is to be found and how to promote their work to that market. The end of the week finds students in the Commercial and Portrait Studios, allowing for more time to shoot studio assignments required for their Phase III Final Assignment. Pictured: Class of 2011 Graduates react to Keynote Speaker, Joe McNally as he gives the Commencement Address., http://hallmark.edu/studentgallery/2011/ng_chong/index.php, Graduation — The Class of 2011 enjoyed their graduation festivities in Hallmark's spacious Auditorium this Friday, June 24th. Certificates of Completion were awarded by Hallmark Institute of Photography President, George J. Rosa III, and special awards were handed out for outstanding portfolios as well as academic honors. The staff, graduates and their guests were honored by the presence of Keynote Speaker, Joe McNally, internationally acclaimed photographer who has contributed to a number of stories for magazines such as TIME and Newsweek, and was also a staff photographer for LIFE Magazine and a 23-year contributor to National Geographic. Joe talked about those that tried to discourage him as a young photographer and encouraged the students not to listen to naysayers as he loves photography even more now than he did when he first began in the industry. Pictured: Graduation Keynote Speaker, Joe McNally, addresses the Class of 2011 from the podium on the stage in Hallmark's Auditorium., Blog post by graduating student, Matthew Burks, on the joys and sorrows of leaving Hallmark., In case you missed it, here's the video by Instructor, Dennis O'Clair, capturing the Chaos & Camaraderie of the final hours before portfolio deadline. , null, Congratulations to Hallmark Class of 2011, Week Forty-One — This week is a special one for our June 2011 graduates as they prepare for their graduation ceremony on Friday, June 24th. Many will finish printing images for clients within the community that they have built up a relationship with over the last 10 months. They also take advantage of Hallmark's equipment, studios and labs to complete personal projects and have fun creating images of friends they are soon to part from. The week concludes with the graduation ceremony, held on the back lawn of Hallmark's Administrative Office Building. All staff and faculty will be present, along with numerous family members and friends of the graduates, to witness the presentation of Certificates of Completion and special awards, as well as listen to the graduation address by keynote speaker and renowned editorial commercial photographer, Joe McNally. In addition, our October 2011 graduates continue to work on their Phase III bodies of work before leaving for a well deserved two week summer recess. Pictured:Current student Megan, hugs Director of Education Tony Downer immediately after learning her Final Year-end Portfolio was accepted by the panel of professionals, including Matthew Jordan Smith, Grant Peterson, Lois Greenfield and Artist-in-Residence, Gregory Heisler., null, DSLR Video:  The revolution has begun.  An article by Hallmark Instructor Dennis O'Clair , Week Forty — This week our June 2011 graduates enter the final week of the Year-end Portfolio Review. Throughout the process, the individual student who's work is being reviewed, as well as their classmates sitting in to support them, gain invaluable insight about their work and the industry as a whole. Portfolio Panelists Lois Greenfield, Grant Peterson and Matthew Jordan Smith along with Artist-in-Residence, Gregory Heisler, carefully and thoughtfully share their opinions about technique, lighting, gesture, expression, background and more in each student's body of work. When not in review, students can participate this week in classes such as E-Commerce and Fine Art Printing. Our October 2011 graduates continue to hone their outdoor and indoor lighting in Location Lighting and begin to delve into the marketing materials and financial documents needed to create their Career Business Plans as they also continue shooting their Phase III images in the Portrait and Commercial Studios. Pictured: Current student Sarah can't help but beam with pride and relief as her Final Year-end Portfolio is accepted. Panelist Lois Greenfield looks on in the background., Digital Wizard, Photoshop Master, Hallmark Instructor Michael Merritt launched a new website., Week Thirty-Nine — This week, Portfolio Review continues as our June 2011 graduates each have their Final Year-end Portfolios individually reviewed by our panel of renowned professional photographers including, Lois Greenfield, Grant Peterson and Matthew Jordan Smith. If not attending the Review Session in support of their classmates, students can attend specially designed year-end classes on Stock Photography, Album Design or a Creativity Workshop. Although our October 2011 graduates are welcome to sit in on the Portfolio Review during their open periods, they are kept pretty busy this week as they delve into a number of business related classes. In Recordkeeping, the software program Quickbooks is introduced as a means to streamline the important task of business bookkeeping. Current Studio Operations cover the daily tasks that come with owning and operating one's own photographic studio and Business Control outlines the upcoming Career Business Plan assignment due at the end of Phase III. Pictured:This image shows the intimacy with which our Portfolio Panelists offer feedback to an individual student. Seated, center, is current student Mariana, receiving feedback on one of her dance images; shown both on the screen in front of them, as well as the large screen behind. To the far left of the image, Mariana's 27 prints are visible as well., Week Thirty-Eight — During a week shortened by the Memorial Day Holiday, there is still plenty going on at Hallmark. The Imaging Theater and Design Lab are definitely the hot spots this week our June 2011 graduates tend to final editing and printing of their Final Year-end Portfolio submissions. After submitting this all-encompassing assignment on Wednesday afternoon, Portfolio Review begins Thursday morning. This year Hallmark is so lucky to again have three outstanding professional photographers as panelists to review the students' work. We welcome back for his second year, Grant Peterson, a commercial still life photographer whose use of light, color, design and printing has influenced a generation of photographers, filmmakers and artists, and was pivotal to the development of advertising's use of a personal vision to sell a brand. Joining Grant is Lois Greenfield, renowned for her dance photography. Lois's unique approach to photographing the human form in motion has radically redefined the genre, and influenced countless young photographers. And last but not least, Matthew Jordan Smith who has worked with an A-List celebrity clientele including Oprah, Jennifer Connelly, Halle Berry, Britney Spears, Mandy Moore and Jamie Foxx to name a few. While we encourage our October 2011 graduates to attend Portfolio Review during any open periods they may have, they are kept busy this week shooting on location, studying buying trends in Marketing Analysis, and are introduced to their third and final public speaking assignment in their Business Communications class, a 20 minute group presentation on a Significant Photographer. Pictured: In this dual image, the larger photo depicts Phase II Review for our October 2011 class, with instructor Peter Chilton providing feedback on stage. The smaller image shows June 2011 graduate Heidi, grabbing a donut provided by Hallmark Instructional Staff, as a means to encourage these students in the last few days before their Final Year-end Portfolios are due., Watch a sample of Motion Photography Videos made by students at Hallmark Institute of Photography.  All shot with the Canon 5D Mark II during an Introductory class for Motion Photography and edited in one of Hallmark's computer labs., Week Thirty-Seven — This is the last full week before our June 2011 graduates turn in their Final Year-end Portfolios. This is it; this is what the last 10 months have all been about. While the majority of the shooting is complete, our Imaging Labs will be busy as students carefully edit, color correct and print their final images. Coinciding with all this activity are on-going Motion Imaging classes in which students continue to shoot their video assignment and learn the nuances of Final Cut Pro, the industry-standard for video editing. It is also a big week for our October 2011 graduates as they submit their Phase II Final Assignment. This body of work is a culmination of all the lighting and technical skills they have learned and practiced over the first two phases. At the conclusion of the Phase II Final Review, they jump right into Phase III with a Portfolio Preparation class. Phase III allows them to continue to use their technical skills, but asks them to expand and challenge themselves, using their individual creativity to bring their work to the next level. Pictured: Final Guest Lecturer for our June 2011 graduates and dear friend of Hallmark, Sam Abell, is shown here on the Auditorium stage addressing one of the breathtaking images taken during his illustrious 40 year career, 30 of which were spent working for National Geographic., Members of the Class of 2012 - there is a group just for you: http://www.facebook.com/home.php?sk=group_220412534654529, Gallery opening-Thursday May 19th from 5-9pm for "Rediscovered Returns" exhibition of Glass Negative prints http://ow.ly/4Yjk8 #photo #show, Week Thirty-Six — This week Hallmark welcomes the Guest Lecturer, Sam Abell. Once a member of the prestigious National Geographic staff, Sam will share his lifetime of imagery and wealth of inspiration. He is a memorable speaker who will bring our 2011 speaker series to an close. Our June 2011 graduates continue to shoot 30 - 60 second promotional videos for their year-end project in Motion Imaging. Important classes such as Salesmanship and Employee Relations are on the schedule this week as well, as thoughts start to shift from assignment work to job interviews and small business start up. Meanwhile our October 2011 graduates use studio time and Critique classes to put the finishing touches on their Phase II Final Assignment due next week. They also attend new classes on Posing and Architectural Interiors. Pictured: Hallmark educational staff and members of the October 2011 class are treated to a panel of graduates during the Alumni Roundtable Discussion. From left to right Patrick Collins, '06; Tiffany Wayne, '05; Katie Suellentrop, '08; and Mark Denman, '08 share their experiences in the industry since their own graduations., Week Thirty-Five — This week our June 2011 graduates begin a series of Portfolio Preparation classes. The Final Year-end Portfolio is a culmination of all the skills they have learned and practiced throughout the year along with the opportunity to put their own personality, creativity and style into this important body of work, therefore these classes allow them one-on-one time with instructors to go over such minute details as cropping, which photoshop skills to apply and adjusting color in order to make the perfect print. They also continue to shoot and edit their year-end video assignment in the Motion Imaging classes. Our October 2011 graduates enjoy an Alumni Roundtable Event this week with an intimate visit with four outstanding Hallmark graduates including Patrick Collins, 2006; Mark Denman, 2008; Katie Suellentrop, 2008 and Tiffany Wayne, 2005. In addition to shooting their Phase II Final images, they also attend business classes such as Brand Management and begin their video curriculum in Introduction to Motion. Pictured: Guest Lecturer Rick Souders (left) and his food stylist, Stephen, prepare a set to shoot for a demonstration during their presentation to the student body., As we get closer to graduation, I'm starting to compile some ideas for gifts...  Here is a cool little item to start it off.  Let me know what you'd want to see in your graduation gift basket.  http://content.photojojo.com/buy-this/usb-film-roll/, Week Thirty-Four — Friend of Hallmark, and frequent Guest Lecturer Rick Souders joins us this week. Rick is a Denver based food photographer, who has created a name for himself in this profitable niche of the industry. He will share his imagery and his knowledge with the student body as he focuses on how they can make the best decisions for their own career advancement. Our June 2011 graduates continue to learn the ins and outs of video and begin work on their own motion assignments in Motion Imaging. In addition to continued classes in Design and Digital Imaging, they also participate in a Business Law class, gaining important knowledge needed for those who will open their own business or work for an already established studio upon graduation. Our October 2011 graduates attend classes in Visual Literacy and Event Photography, both in their own way, focus on how images tell a story. They also spend time in the Portrait and Commercial studios as well as on location as they continue to shoot for their Phase II Final Assignment. Pictured: Using a magnifying viewfinder and video tripod head, current student Carli uses these accessories with the Canon 5D Mark II to shoot motion imagery. Helping her out are classmates Alex, Pablo and Jeff (l - r) with some spring blossoms they found on campus., We are all excited to have 3 outstanding photographers as the panelists for the Class of 2011 Final Portfolio Review.  Read more at http://hallmark.edu/events/#event291, Joshua Huling (2010) just shared his promotional video for the Oklahoma City Salvation Army with us.  Take a look, we think its great!  http://vimeo.com/22712464 , Week Thirty-Three — Two exciting guest lecturers join us this week. Sebastian Smith is an international photographer working in New York, LA and Europe. During his 16 year career he has worked with many magazines, designers and top models. California based Oscar nominated film director and Saturday Night Live Director of Photography, Alex Buono, will be here to entertain and enlighten the class of 2011. He has a lot of great information to share like how he shot the opening credits for SNL in available night time city light with only a small battery powered LED light and the Canon 5D MK2 camera. Our June 2011 graduates are delving deeper into video capture, combining still and motion photography and video editing in their Video classes. Much of the rest of their time is spent either in the studios or on location shooting for their Final Year-end Portfolios. Our October 2011 graduates return from their spring break this week and begin their Introduction to Video classes along with new Portrait and Commercial Lectures and Web Site Design. Pictured: Guest Lecturer Ron Wyatt shares some of his fascinating images from recent Olympics, as he imparts his knowledge upon the student body., Week Thirty-Two — This week, our October 2011 graduates enjoy a week-long spring recess. Some will head home for some rest and relaxation while spending time with friends and family; others will remain in the area and take advantage of the school's facilities which will still be available to them during their break. Meanwhile, our June 2011 graduates learn more about the fast-growing technology related to video and motion photography and how to integrate it with still photography in order to offer more well-rounded services to their potential clients. The week ends with guest lecturer, Ron Wyatt, a NJ based commercial, editorial, portrait and sports photographer who was working on the GM assembly line in Linden, NJ when he decided to follow his dream, that of being a professional photographer. Still making that journey, Ron will share his story and imagery with the class. Pictured: Recently, students practice location lighting at an abandoned bank building in nearby Greenfield, MA. Current student Emily shoots the image with help from classmates Sean (holding the light) and Natalie (modeling)., http://hallmark.edu/news/#90, Week Thirty-One — Our Guest Lecturer Series continues this week as presenters Parish Kohanim and Elizabeth Waugh join us. Parish Kohanim is an inspiring image maker from Atlanta, Georgia whose blend of commercial perfection and fine art sensibility has made him one of the most memorable contemporary image makers in the country. 2008 graduate, Elizabeth Waugh, returns to Hallmark to share her experience and advice on how to make it as a commercial photographer in New York City. Our June 2011 graduates continue to delve into motion photography and its importance in today's world in their Video class as well as how to navigate the ever-changing aspects of social media and its effects on business in several Media classes. Our October 2011 graduates use their knowledge of lighting and posing to apply to new types of portraiture in Character Studies and Environmental Portrait classes. Pictured: An elaborate stop-motion demonstration was a big hit at the 2011 Student Open House this weekend. The students pictured created the concept, built the set and carried out demonstrations throughout the day by using squirt guns, water balloons and party cups filled with paint. At the same time they photographed the demo to capture the stop-motion of the liquid and the images captured were instantly projected on a large screen in the room for visitors to see., Come join 2010 Alumnae, Kelley Riley, at the opening of her show "Hope for Malawi" at ARTSPACE in Greenfield, MA. The opening reception is Friday, April 29th from 5:30 to 7:30 and is a fund-raiser for Friends of Little Field Home. FLFH is a 501(C)3 non-profit based in Hebron, Maine that funds orphans, vulnerable children and women in Malawi, Africa. They are currently raising money for an orphan care center, health clinic, clean water project and much more. Please join us in supporting their efforts to lift the villagers of Ntchisi out of poverty and into a healthier and happier environment., Only 3 weeks left to apply for the Hallmark Visionary Scholarship.  More Info: http://hallmark.edu/hvs/, Instructors Peter Chilton and Michael Zide present "The Dynamic Landscape, Creating Powerful Photos" on April 14th. http://bit.ly/i9Wu2P, Read the Newspaper Article About Instructor David Turner
Hallmark Instructor, David Turner was featured in the Recorder's Arts and Entertainment section. The article highlights his latest project: portraits of area veterans for "I Was There: Stories of War and Homecoming", an exhibit at The Gallery at Hallmark. Read the article., Week Thirty — Two more fabulous guest lecturers join us early this week to share their work and knowledge within the photography industry. Al Satterwhite is a successful California based photographer who will share his experiences in the field when large commercial budgets were commonplace, and his transformation into a contemporary image maker. Steve Shapiro is a documentary photographer whose images of our country and its people have now become historical documents in their own right. His work spans from the days of Martin Luther King and Bobbi Kennedy, to the intimate portraits of great figures such as Muhammad Ali. Our June 2011 graduates participate in some advanced Web Site Design classes as they ready their own websites to go live soon. In addition they are in the studios and on location shooting for their Final Year-end Portfolios due at the end of May. Our October 2011 graduates learn about special lighting techniques used when shooting special events in Event Photography, as well as the importance of art in photography in Art History. Both classes showcase their work and their school this weekend with the annual 2011 Student Open House on Sunday, April 10th from 1- 4 pm. Pictured: In the image on the left, student photographer Emma, uses the on-camera speedlite to wirelessly trigger the off-camera speedlites held by Melayna (left) and Molly Rose (right). Emma's final image of classmate Michael, can be seen at right., Week Twenty-Nine — This week begins with Guest Lecturer and good friend of Hallmark, Bobbi Lane. A freelance commercial photographer from Connecticut, Bobbi has 30 years of successful experience in the field and is an active member of the APA (American Photographic Artists). Our June 2011 graduates then officially begin their fourth and final phase of our 10-month program with Portfolio Preparation. This class details the Year-end Final Portfolio Assignment and all its requirements. While much of the next few months will be spent in studio and on location, shooting for this assignment, students do participate in Photojournalism and Advanced Lighting classes this week. Our October 2011 graduates take to the skies this week as their Aerial Assignment has them flying out of nearby Northampton Airport over the hills and valleys of beautiful western Massachusetts. Later in the week they also participate in some Photojournalism classes and delve into the psychology of selling in Marketing Analysis. Pictured: Current student Sara is behind the camera, ready to take a studio portrait of her classmate Gary, while her other classmates, Billy and Jimmy take a light meter reading in the background. These October 2011 graduates are not only learning the technical aspects of studio photography, but the importance of working together., Week Twenty-Eight — This week our June 2011 graduates take a much needed week-long Spring Recess. While no formal assignments are given to them at this time, many will use the week to assist one or more established photographers which may lead to full-time employment after graduation. Others will shoot for the sheer pleasure of it and hopefully all will get some well deserved rest & relaxation before beginning their fourth, and final phase upon their return. Our October 2011 graduates have their Phase I Review; this is the first time for them, that they will submit a body of work to be formally critiqued by the instructional staff. They then jump right into Phase II with new Portrait and Commercial Photography lectures. This week, students also begin to present their 10-minute presentations on Careers in Visual Media, during their Business Communications class. The week wraps up for them with a lecture on Aerial Photography. Pictured: Husband & Wife team, Justin & Mary Marantz share their images and marketing tools, including their use of social networking for marketing, with the current student body., The Hallmark Institute of Photography announces its annual student open house, on April 10, 2011 to be held at the Educational Center on Industrial Boulevard in Turners Falls, Massachusetts. This open house differs from the other open houses put on by Hallmark because the student body is solely responsible for the execution of the entire event. Family members, friends, interested parties and working professionals in the field of photography are encouraged to attend and discover why every year Hallmark graduates are in high demand.

Throughout the event, visitors will meet with resident students for guided tours through Hallmark's industry envied educational facility, as well as view photographic websites being created, follow a digital image through it's workflow, view a print exhibit and observe actual photo shoots both in the portrait studio and commercial studio. Hallmark is known for its intensive 10-month program in the art, business and technology of photography. The student open house allows resident students to showcase all that they have learned during this program. Visitors will experience a first hand look into the life of a Hallmark student as every aspect of Hallmark's curriculum is showcased during the open house., Week Twenty-Seven — Our June 2011 graduates continue to learn how to apply the techniques they've learned to motion photography in Video classes this week. In addition to on-going Commercial and Portrait Studio time and Digital Imaging classes, they also continue to present their final presentation about a significant photographer that has made an impact on the industry or is poised to make an impact in the coming years. These presentations are presented in small groups in front of the entire class as well as staff and faculty, from our stage in the Auditorium. Our October 2011 graduates are busy preparing for their Phase I Final Assignment, also spending much of their time in the Portrait and Commercial Studios this week. And finally, husband and wife team, Justin & Mary Marantz, join us at the end of the week for a full day workshop to share their style and successful marketing approach to the wedding and portrait industry. Pictured: Current student Brittany poses with a furry friend, as instructor Tony Downer demonstrates the fine art of capturing pet portraits in the studio., Two Guest Lecturers join us early in the week. Ellen Denuto, a location photographer, shares her intimate portraits, wedding work and still life photography while Andy Marcus and son Brian explain how they have grown and maintained Fred Marcus Photography, opened in 1946 and turned it into one of the most successful high-end wedding photography studios in the U.S. In addition, fundraisers for the upcoming Student Open House are under way. Because the student body is solely responsible for the entire event, including the budget, a fundraising committee is spearheading such things as a Spaghetti Supper, St. Patrick's day card sale and a Student Talent Show. Our June 2011 graduates again find themselves in studio or on location shoots as they must turn in a series of Personal Submissions before leaving for Spring Recess in a couple weeks. With these images, there are very few guidelines, however, the photographs should begin to support the type of Final Year-end Portfolio a student will submit. Our October 2011 graduates are just as busy as they begin Design classes to hone their creative skills and also participate in classes on Editorial Photography. Pictured: Instructor, John Nordell (left) and current students Natasha, Brian and Alan, incorporate motion photography, using the video capabilities of the Canon 5D Mark II to create an advertisement with a product, in this case an iPhone. The lighting being used was designed by Alan with ease of use and affordability in mind. This particular  lighting provides continuous lighting necessary for motion as well as still photography., Week Twenty-Five — As usual, this week is a busy one for all of our students. Our June 2011 graduates turn in a significant body of work in their Phase III Portfolio and begin Career Conferences this week. Each student has an individual conference with instructional department heads to review his/her photographic work as well as his/her Career Business Plan. It's an important milestone in a student's education as he/she has the needed technical knowledge, and at this point is focusing on what part of the industry he/she will look for a job. Reality is setting in and the Career Conference is a means to help guide each student to his/her career destination. Our October 2011 graduates start to spend more time familiarizing themselves with the Commercial Studio where they begin to think about and add design elements to their tabletop photography. Both classes enjoy Guest Lecturer presentations from German Avagyan and Richard Warren this week. German (Herman) is a documentary photographer who has spent time in Armenia and Georgia focusing on social issues such as land mine problems, that need exposure to the world at large. Richard Warren is a New York City based fashion photographer, who, before making a name for himself in this arena, assisted some of the great photographers of all time, including Helmut Newton. Pictured: Recent Guest Lecturer, Matthew Cavanaugh, a photojournalist who spent a number of years covering "the hill" in Washington DC, discusses his career with the student body as one of his images of our President is on the big screen behind him. Matthew's insight and shared experiences represent what is so important about our Guest Lecturer Series as students have the opportunity to learn from those who are working in the industry on a daily basis., Week Twenty-Four — Both our June and October 2011 graduates have the benefit of two unique guest lecturers this week. Matthew Cavanaugh from right next door in Greenfield, Massachusetts is a photojournalist who strings for national news services like the NY Times and the Boston Globe. He spent ten years working in the DC area for the news bureaus before returning to this area with his family to continue his photo journalism and wedding career. Then, Onne van der Wal joins us. Located in Newport, Rhode Island, Onne has always had a passion for sailing, and successfully turned that passion into a lucrative career with his award winning nautical, sailing, shipping and yacht photography. This week he shares his story and images with our students. For our June graduates, the rest of the week is filled with studio time to complete portrait and commercial shoots as well as lots of time in the Design and Imaging Labs to work on post production and editing of their final Phase III images. The October graduates have one more field trip as they head to the quaint village of Shelburne Falls to shoot assignments in Color Awareness., Week Twenty-Three — This week, Bruce Dorn, award winning producer, film maker, photographer and Canon Explorer of Light will conduct three intensive DSLR video workshops for our June 2011 graduates. Bruce will lecture on the technical aspects of film making with the DSLR, and will discuss accessories needed for professional film making as well as story telling tips for the aspiring filmmaker. Critique classes continue as it's extremely important for the images being produced at this point in the program to be reviewed and discussed on a one-on-one basis with the students. Meanwhile, our October 2011 graduates are introduced to the Commercial Studio with lectures on using light in still-life photography and subsequent studio time to use this new-found knowledge on an assignment. Their 5-minute autobiographical presentations continue in Business Communications and a class on Assisting delves into the ins and outs of starting the ladder climb in this profession by assisting an already established professional photographer. Pictured: Current student Kristen shows her Phase III images to Artist-in-Residence, Gregory Heisler during a recent Critique class., Send a Valentines day heart to your friends and instructors and support the student open house!
$1.00 per heart or $2.00 per heart to remain anonymous.
$25.00 for an 11x14 heart.
You have until 8AM Monday Morning! 
all hearts will be delivered on Valentines day
See Gabriel, Shelley, Nate, or Abi to buy a heart!, Week Twenty-Two — What's Happening at Hallmark??? Snow; and plenty of it. While our loyal postmen and women may adhere to the creed "Neither snow nor rain nor heat nor gloom of night stays these couriers from the swift completion of their appointed rounds", so do our dedicated students and staff. This image summarizes the winter we've had in New England thus far. That didn't stop our October 2011 graduates from all showing up, on time to a recent off-campus field trip to shoot 2-stop lighting differentials along with instructors Rich Barnes and Tony Downer. The challenging weather only served to secure the bond this group has already formed in their 4 short weeks since beginning classes. Inside where it's warmer, they begin to present their 5-minute autobiographical presentations; sharing their backgrounds with their classmates while also gaining public speaking experience. Meanwhile, our June 2011 graduates begin Critique classes. As they are completing more and more shooting assignments for their Phase III Portfolio, the Critique classes allow them individual attention from our instructors to help them choose the best images for submission. After shooting video with their Canon 5D Mark II, students begin to learn about post-production as they sit in on Video Editing classes as well., Hallmark Announces Visionary Scholarship Program
 
Students accepted and enrolled for the class beginning Sept. 7, 2011 and ending June 22, 2012 can apply. A maximum of fifty awards in the amount of $10,000 each will be granted to worthy applicants.
 
To learn more about this exciting opportunity and to begin the process of applying for a Hallmark Visionary Scholarship, please click here: hallmark.edu/hvs., Due to the cancellation of school today because of the storm, we will be extending the deadline by one day, for applications to chair a Student Open House Committee. Please submit your application by 5pm on Thursday, February 3., Classes for Wednesday, February 2nd have been CANCELLED due to severe storm conditions.

Please follow the schedule for Thursday, February 3rd as it appears on your current schedule.

Instructions regarding any additional schedule changes will be available on Thursday, February 3rd.

The Educational Center will be closed day and evening on Wednesday, February 2nd and reopen at 7:00 am on Thursday, February 3rd., Week Twenty-One — This week marks the beginning of Public Relations class for both our June and October 2011 graduates. This class is the curriculum equivalent to the organization of a student run Open House to be held in April. With faculty guidance, students will form committees for such things as fundraising, food & decorations, and to head each of the photographic areas of Portrait and Commercial Photography, Digital Imaging and Design. These committees will be responsible from start to finish of this highly attended annual event. Our June graduates continue to spend the majority of their time shooting for their Phase III Portfolio and fine-tuning their Career Business Plans. Our October graduates focus on outdoor portrait lighting in their Photo Studio and are introduced to their first public speaking assignment, a 5-minute auto-biographical presentation. The week wraps up for all with Guest Lecturer and 1987 graduate Bill Diodato, who shares his knowledge of the fashion and beauty industries where he has made his mark over the last 20 + years. Pictured: Using a viewing box, instructors Dick D'Alessandro and Rich Barnes meet with current student, Sarah, to discuss her progress and her Phase II Final Assignment., Hallmark Instructors Show Work at Amherst Media
Hallmark Imaging Arts instructors Pete Chilton and Joan Terry are displaying their work in a group exhibit titled “Lens & Keyboard at Palette.” The show will be on display at Amherst Media (246 College Street, Amherst). An opening reception will be held on Thursday, February 3rd from 5-7pm, followed by in-studio interviews with the artists., Week Twenty — This week both our June and October 2011 graduates welcome not one, but two great speakers to our Guest Lecturer Series. We start the week with renowned New York City photographer, Jay Maisel known for his mastery of light, color and gesture. Danny Hastings finishes out the week by lecturing about his career and how he has evolved from a still photographer to having a career that combines still and video, as well as how video has become an important aspect of modern photography. During the middle of the week, our October 2011 graduates learn about viewpoints and how they can affect an image in Visual Arts and are introduced to the art of Photojournalism as a career. Our June 2011 graduates are begin work on their Phase III Mandatory Assignment which is a body of individual assignments they must complete, much like the larger Final Year-end Portfolio assignment. They are also hard at work writing their résumés, cover letters, Statement of Goals and Action Plans for the Career Business Plan that each student must submit. Pictured: Current student Derrick goes all out to get an interesting shot of classmate Jimmy, from a low angle, on a recent field trip to Old Deerfield., This week, our new group of October 2011 graduates begin classes, sitting in on Photo Lectures, Visual Arts and Digital Imaging. The end of the week takes them to Historic Old Deerfield on a field trip as well. Meanwhile, our June 2011 graduates hand in their Phase II Final Assignment and begin Phase III with Portfolio Preparation and additional lectures in Commercial, Portrait and Location Photography. New assignments include shooting architectural interiors and a public speaking presentation on a significant photographer of their choice. In addition, the Phase III curriculum has students working towards submitting a large body of work at the end of Phase III in preparation for their Year-end Final Portfolio. Pictured: New students from our October 2011 graduating class listen to one student's cell phone ring tone as part of an icebreaker during orientation. Director of Student Services, Tammy Murphy (not pictured) told the class that a ring tone can say a lot about someone's personality as she helped them get to know one another., Week Eighteen — Our June 2011 graduates are introduced to the world of Fashion photography as their Location Lecture and subsequent studio has them learning the different lighting and posing techniques for this lucrative part of the industry. Also new this week, students will learn the subtleties of shooting food in the Commercial Studio. Business classes from last week continue and Brand Management is introduced; how one's marketing and promotional pieces can be the successful beginning to creating an image or brand of one's business. In addition, we welcome a new class as our October 2011 graduates participate in Orientation activities Wednesday through Friday. Pictured: Current student Sabrina puts the finishing touches on a set she has created in the Commercial Studio. Sabrina used the resulting image for her Environmental Studio Still-Life assignment., Week Seventeen — Students return from the Holiday Recess to begin the New Year and finish up Phase II of the 10-month program. This week, they will begin to combine their portrait shooting skills with design elements they have learned, as one assignment asks them to submit a Magazine Cover. In addition to adding design elements to their portrait images, students will be asked to create a CD Cover in their Design class. In the Commercial Studio, students will be working on Environmental Still-Life shots. This assignment asks the student to use the studio as the basis for a set for an object or product, and shoot it in a way that makes it look like it's not in the studio, but in a complimentary environment. In addition to their photography classes, the ever-present business classes continue, as students participate in Pricing, Business Writing and Business Organization classes, too. Pictured: Current students Ashley Rose and Amanda have some fun while a classmate digitally records them for the Introduction to Video class., Happy Holidays — Happy Holidays - The holiday recess continues for the Class of 2011. While many have either returned to their home towns or have gone away to spend time with family and friends, some of our students remain in the area and are taking advantage of the school's equipment and facilities to work on school related and/or personal photography projects. Upon their return, students will focus most of their energy on their Phase II Final Assignment; a body of work designed to show off what they've learned in areas such as portrait, commercial and location shooting as well as design. Pictured: Glassware assignment by current student Anya., Happy Holidays —  This week begins a two week holiday recess for our June 2011 graduates. Many of them will head home to different parts of the country and even different parts of the world, to spend some quality time with family and friends. Although many will enjoy the time away to relax and enjoy the holidays, they will no doubt be asking family and friends to model for one of several portrait assignments due upon their return. Some may find themselves taking advantage of paying jobs in their hometowns as well such as senior portraits, holiday parties or winter weddings. Pictured: Holiday still-life by current student Leah., Week Fourteen — In Portrait Studio this week, students learn the nuances of photographing people in a high-key manner. A high key image consists of the subject wearing white or light colored clothing and/or props while being photographed on a white or light background. The results can be dramatic. Students will also be lectured on how to photograph still life's and will then be asked to do just that in their Commercial Studio. A continuation and further use of the Quickbooks software happens in Recordkeeping, while students wrap-up their 10-minute presentations on Careers in Visual Media in their Business Communications class. Pictured: Instructor John Nordell, uses the lobby of Hallmark's Administrative Office Building to conduct his class on Environmental Portraiture. Current student, Ted, seated at the piano can also be seen in the image on the plasma screen behind John. Current students Kris, Sean, Judy and Emma are also pictured. (photo by Alex Zmaczynski, Class of 2011), Week Thirteen — There are numerous introductions this week for students including a preliminary look at QuickBooks in Recordkeeping. This type of software is crucial to many businesses and for those students who will open their own studios or work as a studio manager upon graduation, it will be important to have this knowledge. Another first is the Introduction to Video class which will explore the marriage of still shots and video and how they are both being used successfully in the industry today. Retouching is introduced in Digital Imaging, giving students another tool by which to perfect their images and a perennial favorite for students, the Art Historical Reference assignment will be discussed in Visual Arts. The assignment stretches the minds of students as they research paintings and sketches, choosing one to re-create photographically. Pictured: Current students Chong, Matthew and Jamal (l - r) set up a shoot during their Location Studio. Artist-in-Residence, Gregory Heisler is their subject. The class focused on using ambient light with flash output to create a mood on location. The emphasis of the class was that one can make an image just about anywhere with a little imagination., Week Twelve — This week an exciting challenge is presented in the Commercial Studio as students take their first shot at the difficult lighting of metal when they shoot their Silverware assignment. In the Portrait Studio, students work on the concept of separation lighting and mid-week, they head to a nearby airport in NorthamptonMA to shoot their aerial assignment. Flying in a fixed, high-wing aircraft, the assignment calls for them to shoot a target building from the air. Upon return to the airport, they will continue working in one of the hangars using their lighting and posing skills to create some dramatic images. The busy week also includes the start of the students' 10-minute Presentation on Careers in Visual Media. Working in small groups, they have had to research, outline, prepare and finally present their findings on careers such as Wedding Photography, Editorial Photography, Art Direction and Commercial Photography, to name a few. Pictured: Panelists for Hallmark's annual Alumni Roundtable share their work on the big screen while sharing their knowledge with the graduating class of June 2011. Seated from left to right are Kristin Dalton '09, Patrick Collins '06, Katie Lewis '06, Michael Cali '10, Marcello Fracassa '08, Emily Knudsen '08, Jorge Rivas '07 and Wendy Maybury '00., Check out this video of our students on a field trip in Shelburne Falls., Week Eleven — Students' technique is getting stronger and stronger as the weeks go on, but once a creative, technically sound image has been created, what is it worth? This is answered in the Pricing class taught this week where identifying one's market and determining the cost to create an image becomes part of how one prices his/her work. The numerous tools within the Lightroom software continue to be explored in Digital Foundations and last minute touches are put on the Promotional Piece assignment in Design. Before students depart for a brief Thanksgiving Holiday break, they are treated on Tuesday to the annual Alumni Roundtable. This year's event welcomes back a number of successful graduates to share their memories of Hallmark as well as their knowledge about the industry they now call theirs. Graduates joining us for the Rountable event include: Michael Cali, 2010; Patrick Collins, 2006; Kristi Dalton, 2009; Marcello Fracassa, 2008; Emily Knudsen, 2008; Katie Lewis, 2006; Wendy Maybury, 2000; and Jorge Rivas, 2007. Pictured: During Location Studio, current student, Emily, poses as we see the shadow of her classmate, Jacki take her picture. This class challenged students to create the look of natural light in an area of the school where there was none., Lets have more Hallmark students and alumni win Color Checker Passports.

The top 10 eligible photos with the highest number of votes each week wins a ColorChecker Passport. Winners are determined by popular vote so remember to remind your friends to cast their vote.

http://www.facebook.com/xritephoto?v=app_95936962634, Week Ten — This week begins with the Phase I Final Review. Students submit a body of work consisting of assignments that incorporate all of the technical knowledge they have learned in the first phase of Hallmark's 10-month program. During the review, instructors view prints as well as digital files in an effort to critique the work, advising students on the things they have done well and those areas that they may need to focus more time and attention on. Later on in the week, Speedlights are introduced, adding to the flash options students have available for shooting. In addition, classes on Photojournalism and Aerial Photography, precede assignments in both these areas that will be coming up in the next few weeks. Pictured: Current students Taylor and Alan are reflected in one of the fantasy-like self-portraits of Lynn Goldsmith, who's opening to her show "The Looking Glass" was held recently at The Gallery at Hallmark. The show runs through January 30, 2011., Hallmark proud to support and congratulates 87 grad in the completion of his first book project.
http://vimeo.com/16485060, Moab came to visit the school last week.

http://moabpaper.com/blog/2010/11/7/printing-portfolios-at-the-hallmark-institute.html, Week Nine — Lighting can make or break an image. It is a crucial part of creating a photograph, therefore a review of lighting patterns is discussed in the Portrait Lecture this week as well as the introduction of Fill Light. The more lighting options a student photographer has, the more he/she opens the doors to creativity within his/her work. This theme continues into the Commercial Studio as well, as students begin to mix their knowledge of composition, learned in Visual Arts classes, with studio lighting in the commercial bays. In Digital Imaging, the importance of workflow is discussed. Time is of the essence for busy working photographers, therefore an organizational path to take the photographer from shooting, to editing, to printing is crucial. If good workflow habits are learned now, they will become a lifelong part of the photographer's process. Students also get their first assignment requiring them to create a Promotional Piece for their potential business, in Design. Pictured: Current student, Allison, photographs classmates Jeff and Rikki, while current student Ceara instructs them on posing in this silhouette from the Portrait Studio., Lynn Goldsmith's show opens today at The Gallery at Hallmark followed by an Artist Talk at Hallmark's Education Center.  Both events are open to everyone and free of charge., Lets all put our support behind making our 2002 Alumni Frankie Norstad's show a huge success. Follow the link below and it will take you to the kickstarter.com website where you can watch her video, learn about her  project and donate.

http://www.kickstarter.com/projects/FrankieShotMe/frankies-saturn-return-photo-show-and-book-project, 2006 Alumni Kris Payne working with Levi's workshops. Check it out!


http://workshops.levi.com/blog/old-cameras-with-kris-payne-2/, Week Eight — This week, our June 2011 graduates will be introduced to strobes and how to use them in the Portrait Studio. By adding this particular type of flash to their repertoire, students now have more ways to create light on or around their subjects in the studio environment. The Phase I Final Assignment is handed out, as well. This will be the first time students are asked to hand in a body of work or group of assignments together, rather than individual assignments. In Editorial Photography, information regarding jobs in the magazine industry are discussed and the lucrative arena of wedding photography is presented in Introduction to Weddings. Pictured: Our October 2010 graduates pose for their class photo with their Hallmark Family - all staff and faculty of the school., Check out this video of Class of 2004 Alumni Kelly Kline. 

To see what else she has been up to by checking out her blog.
http://kellyklinephotography.blogspot.com/


http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WvIwZhKveUo&feature=player_embedded, null, Since it is Graduation for Section S today I thought I would put up Anna Daniele's video., Check out this cool video from a super talented alumni Michael Tessier from the class of 2009.

http://vimeo.com/15813525, Week Seven — This week is full of exciting events as our October 2010 graduates attend their Graduation Banquet and Ceremony on Thursday evening. While there is an autumn chill in the air, the heated tent on the back lawn of Hallmark's Administrative Office Building provides a cozy and elegant atmosphere for the Graduates to receive their Certificates of Completion and special awards in front of family and friends. Our June 2011 graduates continue to explore lighting in the studios incorporating gels to add color to their studio assignments. Continued classes in Recordkeeping and Career Development allow students to explore the business of photography in more depth and the week culminates for all students with a trip to New York City to attend the annual Photo East Expo. Pictured: Portfolio Review Panelists view prints from the Final Year-end Portfolio of one of our October 2010 graduates. Left to right, Pauline St. Denis, Sam Abell, Gregory Heisler and Grant Peterson make notes about the different images before discussing the work in detail with the individual student., Submit Your Photos for a Chance to Win a ColorChecker Passport!

http://www.xritephoto.com/custom_page.aspx?PageID=182, Week Six — Our June 2011 graduates are treated to Guest Lecturer, Gregor Halenda at the beginning of this week. Educated as a photojournalist, Gregor moved to New York City where he assisted Hallmark's Artist-in-Residence, Gregory Heisler and then opened his own studio in Soho to pursue a successful career in still life, commercial and editorial photography. Posing people for different types of portraits is introduced in a class called Posing and the importance and effects of color awareness are presented in Visual Arts, followed by assignments using cool and warm backgrounds with cool and warm subjects that will be shot in the picturesque village of Shelburne Falls, MA. In Business Writing students learn the importance of professional résumés and cover letters and how to create these documents. Our October 2010 graduates reach the all-important deadline as they turn in their Final Year-end Portfolios on Tuesday, to be followed by Portfolio Review on Wednesday and Thursday. The Review will be conducted by three extremely talented professional photographers including Sam Abell, who has been shooting for National Geographic since 1970, Pauline St. Denis, a successful New York City based commercial photographer and Grant Peterson, who was pivotal to the development of advertising's use of a personal vision to sell a brand. Pictured: Current students take to the Portrait Studios and apply what they've recently learned about creating light to set a mood., Week Four — This week, the concept of Existing Light is introduced to our June 2011 graduates. The Photo Lecture at the beginning of the week addresses sources of light, quality of light, direction of light and how light affects an image. Students then practice outdoors with natural light sources and reflectors. A field trip later in the week to nearby Northampton, MA helps them further explore this concept as they shoot an Existing Light assignment. In Career Development, students begin to learn about Stock Photography; how an image that you release to a stock agency can continue to earn you money each time it's used and what types of images typically do well in this part of the industry. The ever-popular Autumn in New England assignment is handed out, just as the trees reach their peak of reds, oranges and yellows here in the Pioneer Valley. Our October 2010 graduates attend one of their last Portfolio Preparation classes as they get closer to the deadline for their Final Year-end Portfolio to be completed. In addition, this group continues to explore video in Multi Media, put the finishing touches on their web sites in Advanced Web Design and discuss the psychology of selling images to different types of people, in Selling Plans. Pictured: Current student Felicia, shoots her classmates Jess, Shelby and Kayt (left - right) as they work on the assignment "Capturing Motion" during a recent Photo Practical., ===>Class of 2010<=== We need your employment survey.  Fill it out today at http://alumni.hallmark.edu/employmentsurvey/, Week Three — This week, our June 2011 graduates begin the week with Photo Lectures and Practicals studying motion; stopping motion, capturing gesture and panning. While they studiously take notes in the Auditorium, it will be just as common to see a student flying through the parking lot on a skateboard while his/her classmate photographs the action. Students also begin their 5-minute auto-biographical speech in Business Communications. Public Speaking is a big fear for many, but a must in Photography as in many professions, thus they begin a series of presentations with a short speech about themselves. Photo History explores the stages of photography and those early photographers that shaped the industry. The week wraps up with Guest Lecturer and 2001 Hallmark Graduate Mike Ehrmann, who not only talks about his on-going career as a sports photographer, but also instructs students on how to use the camera and lenses when shooting fast-paced action and sports. Our October 2010 graduates have just had their mid-Phase IV reviews, in which each individual student had his/her potential Phase IV images critiqued by instructors. At this point they begin to determine which images they will definitely submit with their Year-end Portfolio, and which ones they may want to re-shoot or re-think in terms of creating a stronger submission. Pictured: Current student, Felicia, gets to know her Canon 5D Mark II on a field trip in Brattleboro, VT.

http://hallmark.edu/weekbyweek/, It's an exciting time of year!, New stuff on our YouTube Channel!, is ready for school!, Question for all HIPsters... We're stocking up on Hallmark apparel and accesories for the new school year.  What's missing in our school store? Whether you've visited recently or graduated years ago was there something you thought was a 'no-brainer' that we didn't have? Tell us! Feel free to reply to this or send us a message., Gregory Heisler Named Artist-in-Residence at Hallmark Institute of Photography!, Do you know someone who should go to Hallmark? Tell them not to wait another year! There is still time to get into the falls class..., So glad the rain held out on Friday. Congratulations to the Class of 2009, it was a great year!, null, Brand new from this years class!, Hallmark Grad!, null, null, null, My how this page has grown...
Feel free to add photos! 

EG: photos of the school, around turners, friends @ hallmark etc., null)