List(Beautiful and unique high school portraits by Paula Swift of Paula Swift Photography, Inc. in Sudbury. www.paulaswift.com 978.261.5266, Loved this session. <3  Beach sessions are already booking for the summer season. Paula Swift Photography, Inc. http://www.paulaswift.com/blog/sunset-session-beach/, Next photography class I'm offering is Photojournalistic Portrait Photography...learn how to tell a story of your clients and their children during their sessions. This is in conjunction with the Professional Photographers of America Super 1 Day Courses on Thursday May 19th, 2016 10am-5:30pm in my Sudbury studio and then we will head outdoors to a local location. We will have children models; so you can learn to how to capture them in a fun and photojournalistic way. You'll get a chance to photograph the children as well. To register follow the link here: http://www.ppa.com/edu/content.cfm?ItemNumber=3192#ma04
Cost is $99 if you register by May 3rd, 2016, after that the cost goes up to $120. Paula Swift Photography, Inc. www.paulaswift.com Sudbury, MA, Photography Classes coming in in April and May with Paula Swift Photography, Inc. and Paula Ferazzi Swift
http://www.paulaswift.com/blog/photography-classes/

Next Class is at THEIA Studios in N. Andover Mass.
Chasing Fires to Chasing Toddlers

Saturday, April 9th, 2016

"In this unprecedented, one-day portrait workshop, participants will have the opportunity to work directly with Paula as she shares her expertise and shows you techniques to make authentic, photojournalistic portraits of your own. Paula will cover such topics as capturing fleeting moments during a session…when a child thinks no one is watching, the hugs a parent shares with a shy child, or even a toddler running away from the camera giggling.
 
She will talk about her experience as a photojournalist and how she implements those skills in capturing beautiful, timeless and story-telling portraits in today’s competitive photography world.
 
In the afternoon, you will apply these techniques, under the guidance of Paula, while working with models on campus. She will then review the images with you and make valuable suggestions to apply to your image making in your own business."

VISIT THEIA Studios to Register Here
https://theia-studios.com/modern-moments-pj-portraits/, Catching up on sessions from fall and late summer over teh next few weeks. <3
http://www.paulaswift.com/blog/family-photographer-sudbury/, So I'm offering two more classes in my studio this May geared for photographers. First up Professional Photographers of America Super 1 Day class on NEWBORN PHOTOGRAPHY Monday May 9th, 2016 9:30am-5pm in my Sudbury studio. We will have a newborn model; so you can watch posing, lighting and safety. You'll get a chance to photograph the newborn as well. To register follow the link here: http://www.ppa.com/edu/content.cfm?ItemNumber=3192#ma04
Cost is $99 if you register by May 3rd, 2016, after that the cost goes up to $120. Paula Swift Photography, Inc. www.paulaswift.com Sudbury, MA, A few more favorites of this little guy and his adorable big brothers. Three boys 3.5 and under...oh do I remember that time with my three boys. :) Paula Swift Photography, Inc. www.paulaswift.com with Anne Jenkins Chang Paula Ferazzi Swift, Loved how this 2.5 week old baby boy snuggled with one of our studio teddy bears while he slept during his newborn photography session. More to share soon... Paula Swift Photography, Inc. Sudbury, MA  978.261.5266, http://patch.com/massachusetts/framingham/framingham-resident-wins-6-ribbons-professional-photographers-convention-0  Paula Swift Photography, Inc.  Thank you Framingham Patch!, Excited to share the portraits I created of a 10 day old newborn, 2 year old big sister and family that modeled for me during my Newborn Photography Program at PPAM Convention this past Friday at the Sheraton Framingham Hotel & Conference Center. They were amazing...thank you again!  Paula Swift Photography, Inc.  www.paulaswift.com, Love photographing this trio every year. Einstein, their 2 year old Labradoodle has the best personality. I think if he were human, he would be a stand-up comic. ;) A few images from their November session to share.  Paula Swift Photography, Inc.   www.paulaswift.com, A beautiful sleepy 8 day old baby girl gave me the cutest expressions throughout her studio session. Paula Swift Photography, Inc.  www.paulaswift.com, In one month I will be presenting my Newborn Photography program at the PPAM annual photography convention at the Sheraton Framingham Hotel & Conference Center Friday February 26th, 2016 2:00-5:30pm. I will have a live demo with a new baby, sibling and family as well. ( fingers crossed she arrives on time :) ) To Register for the convention and see all the talented photographers and speakers who will be at this amazing four day convention visit www.ppam.com, Excited to part of PPAM's Photopalooza 2016 and present my program "From Chasing Fires, To Chasing Toddlers: A Modern Photojournalist Story"  on March 12th, 2016 3:00-6:30pm in my Sudbury studio. I will talk about my photojournalism experience and how I implement those skills in my every day portrait work. Space is limited to 10 people. You can register here. http://members.ppam.com/event-2147361
Paula Swift Photography, Inc.  Check out the four other programs that PPAM members are generously donating their time to teach as well., Loved this senior session!  <3
http://www.paulaswift.com/blog/beautiful-senior-portraits/
Paula Swift Photography, Inc. with Paula Ferazzi Swift, Just getting back from an amazing 5 days spent in Atlanta at the Professional Photographers of America Imaging USA with 10,000 professional photographers - I took classes, visited vendors and I'm energized for another year in my business. While there, I got to see three of mages that were on display as part of the 124th International Photographic Competition award-winning merit images display.  Paula Swift Photography, Inc.  Congrats to my little clients who were featured here...thank you for letting me you and create award-winning images for your family., Beautiful fall colors at this family's photography session. Luck of the draw in New England...you just never know when the colors will be vibrant and if the weather will cooperate. 
http://www.paulaswift.com/blog/outdoor-fall-family-photography/, Another year filled with sweet memories and joyous times have passed. Thankfully many of those times will be remembered forever through photographs.  You have made my year very special and I thank you from my heart for letting me be part of your family’s photographic history. To those of you who attended my photography classes, I thank you for opening your minds and for continuing to grow your craft.  Here’s to new dreams, new hopes, new experiences and new joys: wishing you a Healthy and Happy New Year. See you in 2016!
Paula Swift Photography, Inc.  www.paulaswift.com
Sudbury, MA  978.261.5266, It was a busy and creative fall season of sessions. Featuring one of our many high school seniors. 
http://www.paulaswift.com/blog/medway-senior-photographer/, Another adorable studio newborn photography session blogged. http://www.paulaswift.com/blog/studio-newborn-photographer-sudbury/, Now that holiday cards have been sent out. I can start sharing all the wonderful fall holiday session images.  Here are two siblings I've been photographing since big brother was 4 months old. They even give me posing ideas now at their sessions. :) <3  Paula Swift Photography, Inc.   www.paulaswift.com  Sudbury, MA 978.261.5266, http://www.paulaswift.com/blog/newborn-photographer-boston-capturing-fleeting-moments/
Paula Swift Photography, Inc.   Sudbury, MA  978.261.5266, It's been a very crazy fall. Sorry my page has gone a little quiet. Lots and lots of fun and beautiful images to share.

Let's start with those famous little siblings who like to jump on a bed during their in home holiday session. First there were 3, then 4 and now there are 5!  Congratulations on your new beautiful little girl. <3
Paula Swift Photography, Inc.   www.paulaswift.com, It was so nice seeing this handsome little man and his beautiful family again. Last time I saw him he was one year old, now he's five years old and has the cutest personality. Paula Swift Photography, Inc., Watch out cuteness overload! Gorgeous three year old little girl with her Gigi's 4 month old pet pig, gotta love their matching pink. <3 :) Paula Swift Photography, Inc.  Sudbury, MA www.paulaswift.com  978.261.5266, Excited and honored to speak at PPAM - Professional Photographers of Massachusetts Annual Photography Convention in February about Newborn Photography. It's in Framingham next year folks...so no reason for any of my metrowest photographer friends not to be able to go now.
Mark your calendars now Feb 26th-Feb 29th! Paula Swift Photography, Inc. 
I will be speaking on Friday Feb 26th 2:00-5:30pm with a live demo at the Sheraton Hotel and Conference Center in Framingham.
You can view the speaker line up and more about the convention and how to register here: http://members.ppam.com/event-1953701, ...and that's a wrap!  Last Outdoor holiday session photographed for the year. I had to hop in for a photo with one of Paula Swift Photography, Inc.  most photographed siblings. I've even won some International photography awards with portraits of these two.  Thank you to their mom for taking this photo of me with them, with the "big camera" ;)  I am so blessed to have wonderful loyal clients who appreciate and love Professional Photography. <3 <3 <3, Loved seeing this beautiful family again for an in home and outdoor session with a "special guest" who able to be the portraits too. :) <3, A fun family and sibling session at the Wayside Inn Grist Mill. I love including pets in family sessions!  These four siblings were so cute together. :) <3 with Paula Ferazzi Swift and Paula Swift Photography, Inc., I was interviewed by the Journal Tribune in Biddeford, ME about how Old Orchard Beach Maine is the most " instagrammed" place in Maine after a reporter saw some of my images on Instagram. How cool is that? The story ran today. http://www.journaltribune.com/news/2015-10-10/Front_Page/OOB_famous_for_photo_ops.html  Paula Swift Photography, Inc., I have lucked out three times now having amazing big siblings and their new little siblings for newborn photography classes I taught at the studio. This Monday a 3 yr old big brother came in with his adorable 15 day old little brother to "model", as I taught a class on Newborn Photography in conjunction with the Professional Photographers of America Super One Day class.  He smiled, he giggled  all the while his little brother slept and slept... they were both perfect to photograph. This was all under the pressure of 10 cameras that were at some point aimed and capturing their sweet moments.   Thank you to their mommy for bringing them in as models for the class. Thank you to the photographers who attended, I hoped you enjoyed the day as much as I did. Paula Swift Photography, Inc. with Paula Ferazzi Swift, Fun adventurous photography session with this 6 year old and his mom at the Boston Public Gardens. I love his missing teeth smile. :)  Paula Swift Photography, Inc.  www.paulaswift.com Sudbury, MA 978.261.5266, Love seeing the little newborns I photographed turn one.  What an adorable little boy he has grown to be in the past year.  Happy Birthday!  Paula Swift Photography, Inc. www.paulaswift.com Sudbury, MA 978.261.5266, Sharing an image captured of the Lunar Eclipse last night. It was a last minute thing since we had just gotten in from a late hockey practice with one of my boys. Forgot about the eclipse until we saw the incredible moon as we drove to Loring Arena.
This is hand held from inside our living room as I held my breath for 1/2 a second. I'm definitely more a people photographer. :)
Tech specs..
Date: 9/27/15
Time: 10:24:19 PM
Model: Canon EOS 5D Mark III
Lens (mm): 200
ISO: 1600
Aperture: 4.5
Shutter: 1/2.5
Paula Swift Photography, Inc.   www.paulaswift.com, Newborn Model Call with Paula Swift Photography
When: Monday October 5th, 2015
Studio Location: Sudbury, MA
What: Award-winning newborn photographer, Paula Swift, M.Photog.,CPP is teaching a newborn photography workshop in her Sudbury, MA studio and is in need of a newborn during her class.

Newborn under 12 days old as of October 5th, 2015.
Must be available on Monday October 5th, 2015
Family will be compensated with digital images from the session.

Please contact Paula at paula@paulaswift.com for more info. Include: Due Date/Birth Date, Gender(if known) and Phone Number in your email.

If you know anyone who just had a baby or just about to, please share this with them. Thank you
heart emoticon

Paula Swift Photography, Inc. www.paulaswift.com Sudbury, MA 978.261.5266, Newborn Model Call  with Paula Swift Photography
When: Monday October 5th, 2015      
Studio Location: Sudbury, MA
What: Award-winning newborn photographer, Paula Swift, M.Photog.,CPP is teaching a newborn photography workshop in her Sudbury, MA studio and is in need of a newborn during her class.
 
Newborn under 12 days old as of October 5th, 2015.
Must be available on Monday October 5th, 2015 
Family will be compensated with digital images from the session.

Please contact Paula at paula@paulaswift.com for more info. Include: Due Date/Birth Date, Gender(if known) and Phone Number in your email. 

If you know anyone who just had a baby or just about to, please share this with them. Thank you <3

Paula Swift Photography, Inc.   www.paulaswift.com Sudbury, MA 978.261.5266, So nice to see these sisters and their family again.  This time for an outdoor session at the Wayside Inn Grist Mill. How cute are these too? <3 Paula Swift Photography, Inc.  www.paulaswift.com 
Sudbury, MA 978.261.5266, Beautiful senior who was photographed on a hot yet gorgeous afternoon...here are some faves. Paula Swift Photography, Inc.   www.paulaswift.com Sudbury, MA  978.261.5266, Favorites from my last beach session of the summer...it was perfectly fun and beautiful!  Paula Swift Photography, Inc.   www.paulaswift.com  Sudbury, MA  978.261.5266, Hope everyone had an amazing Labor Day weekend. The weather was amazing for all the outdoor sessions we had/have still going on ...phew!

Here is a favorite from a recent family beach session. Loved how we were able to reenact a beach silhouette again...now that there are five. :) Paula Swift Photography, Inc.  www.paulaswift.com Sudbury, MA 978.261.5266, Being One is so much Fun!  Loved meeting and photographing this adorable one year old and her family.  Paula Swift Photography, Inc.   www.paulaswift.com  Sudbury, MA 978.261.5266, Excited to teach this newborn class again in conjunction with the Professional Photographers of America on October 5th, 2015 in my Sudbury, Mass studio. Click on link on post below to read more information on the class and how to register.  Last springs class sold out a month before, so don't wait. with Paula Ferazzi Swift  www.paulaswift.com, What an amazing senior season we are having. Lots of fun and beautiful young women who we are giving Paula Swift Photography, Inc. the opportunity to create unique images of them for their final year in high school. More recent favorites to share! <3  We still have just few sessions available in September to meet local yearbook deadlines. Sudbury, MA 978.261.5266 www.paulaswift.com, Another awesome evening for this beautiful high school senior's photography session in Sudbury by Paula Swift Photography, Inc. We still have just few sessions available in September to meet local yearbook deadlines. Sudbury, MA 978.261.5266 www.paulaswift.com, Fall Sessions are booking up quickly.  Remember fall is in September too, you don't need to wait until October to have your fall sessions. I'm already starting to see the tops of some trees already get color ( gasp...way too soon). Don't wait until the cooler weather arrives to book. Last year fall sessions were completely booked by the time we had cool fall weather. Click Contact Us above for more info. Paula Swift Photography, Inc. with Paula Ferazzi Swift www.paulaswift.com, It was a perfect evening up in Maine for this beautiful and fun family's beach session. The parents /grandparents were celebrating 50 years together! <3 Paula Swift Photography, Inc. www.paulaswift.com 978.261.5266  with, Warm summer nights and another beautiful high school senior by Paula Swift Photography, Inc.. We still have a few more sessions available in September to meet local yearbook deadlines. Paula Swift Photography, Inc. Sudbury, MA 978.261.5266 www.paulaswift.com, Another beautiful high school had her portraits photographed by Paula Swift Photography, Inc. in Sudbury, MA recently. We still have a few more sessions available in August and September to meet local yearbook deadlines. Paula Swift Photography, Inc. Sudbury, MA 978.261.5266 www.paulaswift.com, Excited to announce that I will be teaching a full day class on Newborn Photography again in conjunction with the Professional Photographers of America Super 1 Day on Monday, October 5th, 2015 at my studio in Sudbury, Mass. The class is only $99 if you register online by September 29th. The last one I taught in APril SOLD OUT very quickly. This will be a small class environment and will offer hands on newborn photography and studio lighting tips. This is not a beginner’s photography class and you will need to know you how to use your camera on manual and basic studio lighting. 
As professional photographer for 20 years, I am thrilled to teach this class and share my experience as a newborn photographer for over 11 years. I am a Master Photographer and Certified Professional Photographer who has two college degrees in photography. If you have any questions about the class please feel free to contact me directly at paula@paulaswift.com. Seating for this class is limited, so don’t wait to register to reserve your spot. Paula Swift Photography, Inc.. with Paula Ferazzi Swift  in Sudbury, MA 
You can register here:
http://www.ppa.com/edu/content.cfm?ItemNumber=3192, A few favorites from a recent high school senior photography session at the Wayside Inn Grist Mill in Sudbury about 1.5 miles from our professional photography studio. We still have a few more sessions available in August and September to meet local yearbook deadlines.  Paula Swift Photography, Inc. Sudbury, MA  978.261.5266 www.paulaswift.com, Very excited to announce that 3 out 4 of my photographs were awarded this week at the Professional Photographers of America International Photographic Competition.  They were accepted into the General Collection and will be on display in Atlanta in 2016 at Imaging USA. Paula Swift Photography, Inc.   Client images who were part of these awards will be receiving a complimentary matted print that will be shipped to you very soon.  <3 <3 <3, "A brother is a best friend for life" <3  A few favorites from a recent beach session up in Maine.  Paula Swift Photography, Inc. www.paulaswift.com Sudbury, MA 978.261.5266, 2 years old and 10 days old siblings...so adorable! <3 
Paula Swift Photography, Inc.  www.paulaswift.com 
Sudbury, MA  978.261.5266, Loved photographing this adorable 7 month old and his family outdoors recently. They were our 2015 Spring Fever Session Giveaway winners. Here is a little behind the scenes video produced by Paula and her budding photographer son Ryan. Paula Swift Photography, Inc.  with Paula Ferazzi Swiftwww.paulaswift.com Sudbury, MA 978.261.5266, Adorable Big Sister and Little Sister <3  with Paula Ferazzi Swift

http://www.paulaswift.com/blog/big-sister-little-sister-needham-photographer/, Love photographing these gorgeous red headed twins! with Paula Ferazzi Swifthttp://www.paulaswift.com/blog/boston-childrens-photographer-twins/, What a happy little 4 month old this little guy was during his studio session. Such a cutie! <3 Paula Swift Photography, Inc.  www.paulaswift.com Sudbury, MA  978.261.5266, "5 Days Old" A fun newborn session with 3 siblings in the studio. I knew the older girls would be perfect but with a 2 year old brother you never know what you're gonna get. I think I got it right though...love this!  No Photoshop folks, he popped right behind his sisters and did this "Ta- Dah"moment for us.  <3  Paula Swift Photography, Inc. www.paulaswift.com Sudbury, MA  978.261.5266, Smiley and sleepy little 13 day old baby boy in the studio recently. <3  Paula Swift Photography, Inc.   www.paulaswift.com Sudbury, MA 978.261.5266, Favorites from a beautiful day with an adorable one year old and his family at the Boston Public Gardens. Paula Swift Photography, Inc.  www.paulaswift.com  Sudbury, MA 978.261.5266, Summer sessions are in full swing. Take a peek at this beautiful family and their adorable 7 month old son at their recent outdoor session. 

We still have a few spots left in July / August but are already booking September/October sessions. Paula Swift Photography, Inc.   www.paulaswift.com Sudbury, MA 978.261.5266, Favorites from a recent newborn and family session in our Sudbury Photography studio. Paula Swift Photography, Inc.   www.paulaswift.com Sudbury, MA  978.261.5266, 7 days old <3
http://www.paulaswift.com/blog/7-days-sudbury-photographer/, Love these set of twins... with their gorgeous red hair and adorable personalities. This was our 4th session in the past year, blessed to be part of their photographic history. Paula Swift Photography, Inc. www.paulaswift.com with Paula Ferazzi Swift, One of our little Baby Planners is growing too fast with his big brother. <3 Paula Swift Photography, Inc.  www.paulaswift.com with Paula Ferazzi Swift
Sudbury, MA, Another fun happy outdoor session with a beautiful retuning family. I love seeing my little clients grow in front of my cameras. Paula Swift Photography, Inc.   www.paulaswift.com, I spoke to another amazing group of photographers last night. The Professional Photographers of Cape Cod (PPOCC) welcomed me to speak on my photojournalism and portrait photography in Hyannis.  Thank you again for inviting me into to speak your talented group for the night. Paula Swift Photography, Inc., What a fun session this was with this very cute trio.  Loved how big brothers helped feed their baby sister during a break in the session. Never stop shooting during a session...you could miss these priceless moments!  Paula Swift Photography, Inc.  with Paula Ferazzi Swift  www.paulaswift.com  Sudbury, MA, I want to thank the New Hampshire Professional Photographers Association. I had the amazing opportunity to present my program "From Chasing Fires, To Chasing Toddlers - A Modern Photojournalist's Story" to them last night. What a warm, welcoming group of talented photographers you are, thank you for having me. <3 :)  with Paula Ferazzi Swift  and Paula Swift Photography, Inc.   www.paulaswift.com    Sudbury, MA, Anyone remember this beautiful couple I photographed for their engagement session at the Boston Public Library in 2008?  Meet their gorgeous little ones...they are like 2 little mini versions of themselves. <3 <3  Paula Swift Photography, Inc., Outdoor sessions are in full swing. Here are some favorites from a family session at the Boston Public Gardens last week. Paula Swift Photography, Inc.  www.paulaswift.com Sudbury, MA  978.261.5266, I taught a class to 10 photographers this past Monday in my Sudbury, MA studio on Newborn Photography through the Professional Photographers of America.  We had amazing models come in... a 10 day old with her 3 year brother and parents and then a 7 day old with her her 5 year old brother. I love photographing newborns and their siblings and have been doing so for over 11 years in my 20 years as a professional photographer. To show others proper lighting for newborns and my stress-free approcch to capturing images was inspiring. I always wanted to teach my craft and after doing it this past week...I found I really enjoyed it. The photographers who attended my class were amazing and so open to my ideas and gave me great feedback.  Here are many many images that I captured that day of our little models.  This is a small sample of what these wonderful families will see soon in their galleries.  Paula Swift Photography, Inc.  www.paulaswift.com, Welcome baby #3 to this adorable family with a big sister and big brother.  So beautiful!  <3 :) Children are 4 yrs, 2 yrs and 8 days old. Paula Swift Photography, Inc.   www.paulaswift.com  Sudbury, MA  978.261.5266, Another session featured on our blog from last fall. <3 :)
http://www.paulaswift.com/blog/sudbury-children-family-photographer/, What a proud big brother this little man is with his beautiful 2 week old baby sister! <3 Paula Swift Photography, Inc.  www.paulaswift.com Sudbury, MA with Paula Ferazzi Swift, One of my favorite award-winning images is featured on the Professional Photographers of America Facebook page today. I just love photographing children with their canine siblings.  :) <3 with  Paula Ferazzi Swift at Paula Swift Photography, Inc., Introducing Lucy, an adorable 9 week old baby girl that came to visit the studio today. She's not our "typical" newborn, but still slept just like one. Enjoy <3 :) Paula Swift Photography, Inc.  www.paulaswift.com  Sudbury, Ma  978.261.5266
#goldendoodle, Introducing Lucy, an adorable 9 week old baby girl that came to visit the studio today. She's not our "typical" newborn, but still slept just like one. Enjoy :) <3  #goldendoodle, Good morning...love to share a a few beautiful portraits of a 2 yr old with her 13 day old baby sister with you. So exciting to see this little girl become a big sister. It seems like she was just a newborn herself and having her first professional portraits taken. Look at the gorgeous hair on this baby!, The newborn photography class I will be teaching on May 11th is SOLD OUT!  Excited to teach and meet everyone in May.  Email will be going out to all who registered very soon., CONGRATULATIONS to Katie Staires!!! 

You are our 2015 Spring FEVER Photo Session Giveaway winner.  Send us an email when you have a chance so we can book your spring outdoor session.

http://www.paulaswift.com/blog/4th-annual-spring-fever-session-giveaway/, Three super cute brothers ages 4 yrs, 23 months and 9 days old came in for their new baby brother's studio newborn session. <3 <3 <3  www.paulaswift.com  Sudbury, MA 978.261.5266, Monday May 11th I will be teaching a full day class on studio newborn photography in Sudbury, Mass 9am-5pm. It's going to be a fun and in depth class on newborn photography. Fun to see some of our little clients featured today on the Professional Photographers of America page today.
You can register here: http://www.ppa.com/edu/content.cfm?ItemNumber=3192
Paula Swift Photography, Inc. with Paula Ferazzi Swift www.paulaswift.com, 4th Annual Spring Fever Session Giveaway. Tag Photo to be entered. Read more on our blog here: http://www.paulaswift.com/blog/4th-annual-spring-fever-session-giveaway/
Here is the Spring Fever Session Giveaway Photo to tag up till March 31st at 11pm. Winner will be announced April 1st, 2015 in the afternoon. 
Enlarge Image then click on Tag Options to tag yourself on the image anywhere.  
Feel free to share with family and friends too. 
Be sure to send Paula an email at paula@paulaswift.com to be entered.
Paula Swift Photography, Inc.  www.paulaswift.com
Sudbury, MA  978.261.5266, Happy First Day of Spring!  
Now its time for our 4th Annual Spring Fever Session Giveaway!
Read our blog here on how to enter...

http://www.paulaswift.com/blog/4th-annual-spring-fever-session-giveaway/, We love Beantown Baby Crafts Blossom styled headbands. They fit our little newborns that we photograph perfectly.  Visit their page to see page to see more of their beautiful headbands and products. Paula Swift Photography, Inc.  www.paulaswift.com  Sudbury, MA  978.261.5266, Paula Swift Photography, Inc.   www.paulaswift.com Sudbury, MA  978.261.5266, Loved photographing this family and watching their older son become a big brother!  
http://www.paulaswift.com/blog/big-brother-born-sudbury-photographer/
Paula Swift Photography, Inc.   Sudbury, MA 978.261.5266, What a fun and beautiful studio family maternity session. I can't wait to see these two very cute siblings this spring when they come back for their family newborn session. Paula Swift Photography, Inc.   www.paulaswift.com   Sudbury, MA  978.261.5266, 13 day old sleepy little man. He was so sweet snuggling with one of our mini teddy bears. <3  Paula Swift Photography, Inc. Sudbury, MA 978.261.5266

http://www.paulaswift.com/blog/sleepy-little-man-boston-newborn-photographers/, Adorable sleepy 4 week old baby boy featured on our blog  :) <3
Paula Swift Photography, Inc.  Sudbury, MA  978.261.5266

http://www.paulaswift.com/blog/4-weeks-framinghams-newborn-photographer/, Excited to announce that I will be teaching a full day class on Newborn Photography in conjunction with the Professional Photographers of America Super 1 Day on Monday, May 11th, 2015 at my studio in Sudbury, Mass and registration is now LIVE. The class is only $99 if you register online by April 28th.  This will be a small class environment and will offer hands on newborn photography and studio lighting tips. This is not a beginner’s photography class and you will need to know you how to use your camera on manual and basic studio lighting.  
As professional photographer for 20 years, I am thrilled to teach this class and share my experience as a newborn photographer for over 11 years.  I am a Master Photographer and Certified Professional Photographer who has two college degrees in photography. If you have any questions about the class please feel free to contact me directly at paula@paulaswift.com. Seating for this class is limited to 10, so don’t wait to register to reserve your spot. Paula Swift Photography, Inc.  with Paula Ferazzi Swift  Sudbury, MA   www.paulaswift.com

You can Register for the class via this link:
 http://www.ppa.com/edu/content.cfm?ItemNumber=3192, Back from an amazing weekend at the Professional Photographers Association of Massachusetts PPAM annual photography convention. I feel energized and have many creative ideas spinning in my head to implement at the studio. I'm thrilled to announce I received 3 Blue and 3 Red Ribbons for my Children, Family and Newborn Photography during their image competition. I'll share those images soon. They are off to be judged at Northeast Districts in Ohio for competition in less than 2 weeks. 

A little message to photographers out there, remember "You were born an Original, don't die a Copy." :) <3

Paula Swift Photography, Inc.   www.paulaswift.com, The adorable little "mohawk" newborn I photographed almost five years ago...is now a big brother!  Paula Swift Photography, Inc.   www.paulaswift.com Sudbury, MA  978.261.5266, I love being a professional photographer and being able meet, photograph families as they welcome new children into loving their arms. Then watch as those children grow in a blink of an eye...is simply amazing!  Another favorite from last fall featured on the blog. 

http://www.paulaswift.com/blog/capturing-family-moments-framingham-photographer/, Framingham Jr Flyers Peewee C2 team win the championship game 2-1 of the Waltham Youth Hockey February Vacation Tournament on Friday Feb 20th, 2015 against Waltham. They had 3 shut out 
wins ( not one goal let in) with a total of 19 goals in those 3 games and made it to the semis where they beat Franklin 6-3. 
Parents feel free to tag and share the album or images of your players.  CONGRATS on a great tournament win!  @Paula Swift Photography  www.paulaswift.com, It was amazing seeing this family again with their new son.  I first met them for their 2nd son's newborn session 4.5 years ago. Now their children are 9.5 yrs ys, 4.5 yrs and 2 months old. 
Paula Swift Photography, Inc.   www.paulaswift.com
Sudbury, MA  978.261.5266, Happy Valentine's Day.  Hope everyone is able to enjoy their day before we get hit with yet another snow storm.

Remember all you need is love. But a little chocolate , maybe some wine too  now and then doesn't hurt... especially in all this snow. :) <3
Paula Swift Photography, Inc.   www.paulaswift.com  Sudbury, MA  978.261.5266, A few more of little Amelia with her beautiful big blue eyes and a little smirk in there too. Paula Swift Photography, Inc.    www.paulaswift.com  Sudbury, MA  978-261-5266, Fly the World, Above the Crowd little "Amelia Earhart". A beautiful 3.5 week old baby girl came into the studio this week. Paula Swift Photography, Inc.   www.paulaswift.com Sudbury, MA  978.261.5266, Due to the crazy amount of snow we have gotten in the past 2.5 weeks. Our street sign is no longer visible on Rt 20/ Boston Post Road. Look for the Wayside Plaza sign...for now, we can still see that. :) Paula Swift Photography, Inc.   www.paulaswift.com, Sorry been a little MIA over the past week. Just came back from Nashville where I attended Imaging USA, an incredible photography convention and education programs. I was also recognized as a Bronze Medalist Photographer of the Year and received my Master of Photography Degree!!!  Very exciting to be on stage with professional photographers I have admired for years. My four award-winning images were also on display at the convention. www.paulaswift.com Paula Swift Photography, Inc., Hope everyone is safe and has dug out from all the snow...can't believe it's still coming down though. The studio will be closed until Thursday due to the storm.  I'm in Framingham and our area got 30 plus inches. Thankfully I have lots of boys to help dig us out. :) Paula Swift Photography, Inc.   www.paulaswift.com, Sweet Dreams little one...a beautiful 12 day old who came to visit our studio this week.
Paula Swift Photography, Inc.   www.paulaswift.com
Sudbury Studio, An adorable 13 day old little man came into the studio this week. He gave us lots of sleepy expressions and great eye contact when he was awake. Paula Swift Photography, Inc.     www.paulaswift.com   Sudbury Photographer, Loved seeing this boy become a big brother!  http://www.paulaswift.com/blog/big-brother-little-sister-newborn-photographer/, Ahhh they are getting so big too...love photographing these three! <3

http://www.paulaswift.com/blog/fun-mill-sudbury-childrens-photographer/, Look who's growing up... These two ( and now puppy) have been so much fun photographing over the past few years. Paula Swift Photography, Inc.   

http://www.paulaswift.com/blog/puppy-love-weston-photographer/, These two have the best little personalities...loved photographing them 3x last year. Here is their 7 month session. Paula Swift Photography, Inc.
http://www.paulaswift.com/blog/cute-times-baby-photographer-boston/, So nice photographing this family again last spring...
Paula Swift Photography, Inc.

http://www.paulaswift.com/blog/story-telling-photography-boston-family-photographer/, We've been updating our blog but it doesn't look like Facebook has been importing the posts.
Here was a fun fall family session... Paula Swift Photography, Inc.
http://www.paulaswift.com/blog/framingham-outdoor-photographer-2/, Wow this was a nice surprise, featured on CBS Boston as one of Boston's Best Family Photographers.
http://boston.cbslocal.com/top-lists/best-family-photographers-in-boston/
Paula Swift Photography, Inc., As the New Year approaches us with new hopes, dreams and goals; here's wishing you and your family a wonderful year ahead. Thank you for letting us be part of your photographic memories in 2014 Paula Swift Photography, Inc. with Paula Ferazzi Swift
 Be happy and safe in 2015! <3 <3 <3

http://www.paulaswift.com/blog/2014-best-photography-sudbury-photographer/, 19 month old with his new 3 week old baby brother. He was so good with his new brother.  Baby brother slept and offered some sweet sleepy smiles during the session. Paula Swift Photography, Inc.  www.paulaswift.com  978.261.5266  Sudbury, MA, Our annual fall family session for our holiday card. I usually only photograph my children and our dog, Swifty. However, this year I  photographed all of us via remote and camera on a tripod.  I had a friend stand behind the tripod to call our dog and make sure the boys looked at the camera. Probably one of my favorite sessions of my boys and us to date. Wanted to show you outtakes of us, to show,what goes in to capturing those perfect moments..they really show my boys personalities too.  I forgot to look towards the camera as I hit the remote that was in my hand in "few" shots. :) Keeping our 1.5 yr old yellow lab from taking over or off was "fun" too. She's so photogenic though!
 Paula Swift Photography, Inc. www.paulaswift.com Sudbury, MA  978.261.5266, Framingham Jr Flyers Holiday Beginners Games Saturday December 20th, 2014 at Loring Arena Legacy Foundation with Santa on the ice. Parents feel free to tag your players to share the images on your private pages.  Paula Swift Photography, Inc. www.paulaswift.com, It warms my heart to see the studio fireplace mantel filled with holiday cards featuring your beautiful family and children I photographed this year. <3 <3 <3 Paula Swift Photography, Inc.  www.paulaswift.com 978.261.5266, Oh my gosh what an adorable snugly sleepy 4 week old we had in the studio recently. Paula Swift Photography, Inc.   www.paulaswift.com  Sudbury, MA  978.261.5266, Looks like our emails are going into spam folders unknowingly again. If you have sent Paula an email in the past week or so and did not hear back from her. Please check your SPAM folders. Move that to your inbox and respond to that email. That will unmark her emails as spam. Thank you to reaching out to us on this matter, its so frustrating that this happens and you have no idea why., A beautiful 2.5 week old baby girl during her newborn studio session. <3  Paula Swift Photography, Inc.   www.paulaswift.com  Sudbury, MA  978.261.5266, 15 years ago I was a staff photographer at the Worcester Telegram & Gazette in Worcester, Mass. That night a call came over the scanner, right up the street from the newspaper for smoke at an abandoned warehouse. I had been to place before and knew it well....the old Worcester Cold Storage warehouse. Little did any of us know that fire would become one of the biggest one in the history of Worcester and take the lives of six brave firefighters. Here are images from that night , weeks following and up to a year later as we covered the story of the fire and the memorials that followed in MA and CO. Prayers go out to the families who lost their loved ones that horrible night on December 3rd, 1999., Starting now through midnight Friday December 5th, 2014 studio sessions booked for January, February and March 2015 are $75 off.

That's $125 for a studio session!

This includes our full one hour studio sessions as well as newborn, maternity, baby, family ( up to 6 people) and children sessions. Winter is a great time to have a fun studio session with your baby that just started to smile, laugh, sit, crawl and or beginning to walk. Use your studio session to celebrate child's birthday, have an updated family portrait taken, or maybe you are expecting a new baby. To take advantage of this special, email Paula at paula@paulaswift.com to book your January, February or March session date by Friday December 5th, 2014. Baby not born yet, its okay we can book a tentative date that can be moved up or back to accommodate the birth date. Sorry mini sessions are not included in this special.

Please visit http://www.paulaswift.com/blog/session-rates-and-portrait-pricing/ to view full Pricing and Rates, session order minimums and 2 week ordering timeline. You can view available dates by clicking on the calendar section on our Website http://www.paulaswift.com/html/#!/HOME. Sessions must take place between January 1st, 2015 and March 31st, 2015. Session special is only valid for in studio sessions in Sudbury. Please review everything before booking., From my family to yours, wishing all of you a Happy Thanksgiving! To those of you I have been blessed to photograph, it's been amazing being a small part of your family's photographic history. <3 <3 <3
Paula Swift Photography, Inc. in Sudbury, MA   www.paulaswift.com, We all have a lot to be Thankful for during this time of the year. But nothing makes me more upset then when someone steals from needy children. Even more so, when its friends of ours who puts their hearts and souls into making a children lives just a little more blessed during the holiday season.  Timothy's Toy Box was started by our friend Sharon Gilbert and her son Tim in 2007. They spend countless hours, weeks , months gathering toys for children in the Metrowest area.  A few days ago someone took it upon themselves to steal a 100 toys from their donations. My son Ryan who is good friends with Tim came home from school so upset and we had to explain that sometimes people don't think before they act. 
So I ask if anyone can, please donate to Timothy's Toy Box.
http://timothystoybox.com/

They also were on Fox News so you can hear a little bit more about their non-profit and what happened.
http://www.myfoxboston.com/clip/10889674/toys-meant-for-needy-children-stolen-from-charity

Paula Ferazzi Swift   Christopher Swift  Sharon Gilbert, Remember those three little "monkeys" who jumped on their bed last year for their holiday session?  Well, now there are four ...Congratulations!  <3 :), Cutest little baby doll during her holiday session in our Sudbury studio. Paula Swift Photography, Inc.  www.paulaswift.com, Nothing is sweeter than a love between children and their loveable puppy...well Einstein is a big puppy now since last year, but still as loveable as ever., FYI we have a few sessions left in December ( not for holidays...those are all booked ) and we are now booking for January and February. We are blessed to be so busy and we wish we could fit everyone in. Fall/Holiday Sessions book up starting  in August/September every year. Please visit our calendar to see what's left if you are looking for a session but not needing them for the holidays.  Paula Swift Photography, Inc.  with Paula Ferazzi Swift  Sudbury, MA www.paulaswift.com
http://www.paulaswift.com/html/#!/Calendar, Clients feel free to tag yourself in your images. Tag individual images, not the whole album. This will allow for just your images appear on your page. Please keep logo intact to protect copyright. Thank you and enjoy :), So fun seeing this little boy and his family again for a holiday session. We started in my Sudbury Studio and then headed outdoors to the Wayside Inn Grist Mill ( so lucky its close to the studio) to capture some of the falling snow...yes it snowed. ( brrrrr) Loved watching him as he noticed the snow falling on him. :) <3   Paula Swift Photography, Inc.  www.paulaswift.com, What's cuter than a puppy?  Meet Jenny a golden retriever, who was 13 weeks old when I got to "play" with her and her mommy, fellow talented professional photographer, Cathleen Broderick Photography I just loved these series of images as Cathy got her sit , we got a second and then she jumped out of the crate to see her "mom".  Paula Swift Photography, Inc., Behind the scenes of Paula Ferazzi Swift of Paula Swift Photography in Sudbury, MA as she photographs two children during their fall outdoor session at the Wayside Inn Grist Mill in Sudbury. Paula Swift is a - Sudbury/ Boston area award-winning photographer with over 19 years of professional photography experience., Framingham Flyers C team (6th Grade) vs Norwood Saturday November 8th, 2014 at Needham High School in the Presidents Cup Championship game. Norwood won 27-18. Congratulations to both teams on a great season! 
Parents feel free to tag yourself on your player(s) to share on your own Facebook page. Feel free to share the whole album as well to let other families know about the images. Email paula@paulaswift.com if interested in ordering prints., Framingham Flyers B team (7th Grade) vs Walpole Saturday November 8th, 2014 at Needham High School in the Presidents Cup Championship game. Framingham won!  Caught the last few minutes of their exciting game. Congratulations to both teams on a great season!

Parents feel free to tag yourself on your player(s) to share on your own Facebook page. Feel free to share the whole album as well to let other families know about the images. Email paula@paulaswift.com if interested in ordering prints., Clients feel free to tag yourself in your images. Tag individual images, not the whole album. This will allow for just your images appear on your page. Please keep logo intact to protect copyright. Thank you and enjoy :), Clients feel free to tag yourself in your images. Tag individual images, not the whole album. This will allow for just your images appear on your page. Please keep logo intact to protect copyright. Thank you and enjoy :), Paula Swift Photography, Inc.  www.paulaswift.com
Sudbury, MA  978.261.5266, Clients feel free to tag yourself in your images. Tag individual images, not the whole album. This will allow for just your images appear on your page. Please keep logo intact to protect copyright. Thank you and enjoy :), Just a little reminder to my clients and friends to make sure you print everything, hang, frame and make albums. This is a funny and great commercial by Canon. 
https://www.facebook.com/video.php?v=721980694547185&set=vb.130901453655115&type=2&theater, Very excited to have one of my award-winning images featured in the November issue of  Professional Photographer Magazine . This was one of my images that went Loan in the 2013 Professional Photographer's of America International Photographic Competition.  Paula Swift Photography, Inc.  www.paulaswift.com, Happy Halloween from this adorable 6 month old "Ariel". Her Vovo knitted this beautiful costume for her first Halloween.  Paula Swift Photography, Inc.   www.paulaswift.com, Last time I saw this trio (besides at the baseball field) ...the little girl was a just a teeny newborn. How sweet are they together? :) <3
Paula Swift Photography, Inc., Clients feel free to tag yourself in your images. Tag individual images, not the whole album. This will allow for just your images appear on your page. Please keep logo intact to protect copyright. Thank you and enjoy :), Our first behind the scenes video from a recent outdoor session.
Thank you Rebecca for filming me and to your beautiful and very photogenic children. Another gorgeous fall holiday session in the books!
Paula Swift Photography, Inc.   www.paulaswift.com with Paula Ferazzi Swift
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=P3mL8DqA20k, Last minute opening this Sunday 11/2 at 2pm. Can be outdoors or in studio. This date has been closed for a month now, so I'd hate to see it go empty.  Client who was booked, had to push back her session. Its looks chilly on Sunday but if you dress in winter/holiday clothes it would make for a great outdoor session or it could be perfect for an in studio newborn or baby session. Session will be $50 off. No switching of dates please if you are already booked.   Email paula@paulaswift.com to inquire and book this date/time.
Paula Swift Photography, Inc.  with Paula Ferazzi Swift   www.paulaswift.com, We are excited to have partnered with a local Boston business, Beantown Baby Crafts who makes these very adorable head bands for newborns , babies and toddlers. Check out their Facebook page and their website to see more of their fun and beautiful products. http://beantownbabycrafts.com/, Blog Feature of a beautiful Big Sis, Little Sis newborn session in our Sudbury studio. Paula Swift Photography, Inc.   
http://www.paulaswift.com/blog/sudbury-newborn-photography-studio-2/, A fun "photo booth" night in Paula Swift Photography, Inc. studio in conjunction with customer appreciation night at In Vogue Spa.  Feel free to tag yourself and share on your own pages., It was a beautiful warm fall afternoon for these adorable siblings' session. Paula Swift Photography, Inc., I had fun with these three and their parents...great smiles and lots of laughs. Paula Swift Photography, Inc.  www.paulaswift.com, 10 months old already and growing so fast!  We love photographing this brother and sister duo. Here are just a few from their recent outdoor session. Paula Swift Photography, Inc.   www.paulaswift.com
Sudbury, MA  978-261-5266, Don't forget tonight is our Open House at Paula Swift Photography, Inc. studio in Sudbury at 730 Boston Post Road from 5:00-8:00 pm.  In Vogue Spa and other businesses will be open and on display as well. Come by and check out all the fun activities we will have going on. 
www.paulaswift.com, Outdoor Fall Holiday Sessions are in full swing. Here is a recent one of a family and a solo session of their daughter ( their son had his own around the same age) So many favorites to share...
Paula Swift Photography, Inc.  www.paulaswift.com   978.261.5266, Sorry been a bit MIA during this crazy fall session time of year.
 Here is a favorite of a sweet little girl and one of our studio teddy bears.  Love this time of year!

Paula Swift Photography, Inc.  www.paulaswift.com
978.261.5266, Paula Swift Photography, Inc.- All Rights Reserved © -www.paulaswift.com -Sudbury, MA, Its been a studio full of newborn boys lately. Look at this sweet heart who propped himself on his hands once mom laid him down. What a little cherub he is. Paula Swift Photography, Inc. Sudbury, MA 978.261.5266 www.paulaswift.com, Mr Personality at 13 days old gave us great expressions and sleepy poses during his recent Sudbury Studio Newborn session. 

Paula Swift Photography, Inc. www.paulaswift.com  Sudbury, MA 978.261.5266, Loved seeing these three again with their family during a recent outdoor Boston session. They are always full of fun and natural smiles. :) <3

Paula Swift Photography, Inc.   www.paulaswift.com
Sudbury, MA 978.261.5266, Paula Swift Photography, Inc.- All Rights Reserved © -www.paulaswift.com -Sudbury, MA, Happy first day of fall. It's hard to believe with in weeks our outdoor  sessions go from being on the beach at sunset to photographing family and children playing in the beautiful foliage. I love New England with its seasons and gorgeous landscapes all year long.
 Paula Swift Photography, Inc.  www.paulaswift.com, Paula Swift Photography, Inc.- All Rights Reserved © -www.paulaswift.com -Sudbury, MA, Fall session dates are going and almost all gone. If you haven't booked your session- now is the time to do it!  Also if you have a newborn due in November or December contact us to get on our newborn session schedule. To book email Paula paula@paulaswift.com
We will be closing our 2014 schedule very soon. We are already booking newborns as far out as February 2015.
http://www.paulaswift.com/
Paula Swift Photography, Inc.  Sudbury, MA 978-261-5266, Very excited to receive this in the mail today. <3 :) 
Bronze Medalist award from the Professional Photographers of America for going 4 for 4 at the 2014 International Photographic Competition . 
Paula Swift Photography, Inc.  Sudbury, MA   978-261-5266
www.paulaswift.com, Paula Swift Photography, Inc.- All Rights Reserved © -www.paulaswift.com -Sudbury, MA, Paula Swift Photography, Inc.- All Rights Reserved © -www.paulaswift.com -Sudbury, MA, We love Beantown Baby Crafts and look at two of our little clients wearing her beautiful Beantown Blossoms. Paula Swift Photography, Inc. with Michelle DaPedra, On the hunt for some new locations for this fall in the Sudbury/ Framingham/ Wayland/ Concord area. ( or close to those Metrowest towns with in 10 miles of our studio). Do you have or know of a farm, red barn or orchard that is open to have a professional photographer take family and children portraits at?  Email us at paula@paulaswift.com 
 Please do not post here we want to keep it a private location.
You will receive a complimentary session and products. One prerequisite is you will allow Paula to take other family/ children session portraits there this fall without a fee. Thanks :) <3
www.paulaswift.com Paula Swift Photography, Inc.
Sudbury, MA, It was a warm summer early evening for this beautiful and loving expecting couple who's baby will be here any day now.
Paula Swift Photography, Inc. www.paulaswift.com
Sudbury, MA   978-261-5266, Paula Swift Photography, Inc.- All Rights Reserved © -www.paulaswift.com -Sudbury, MA, Paula Swift Photography, Inc.- All Rights Reserved © -www.paulaswift.com -Sudbury, MA, This beautiful beach session this past weekend was a perfect ending to my beach session season. Here is a favorite of their family as the sun prepared to set. www.paulaswift.com, Swift Shot of the Week...
http://patch.com/massachusetts/sudbury/swift-shot-week-leader-pack-0?utm_source=dlvr.it&utm_medium=facebook#.VAm5lEgyBZs
Sudbury Patch Paula Swift Photography, Inc. , Sudbury, MA 978-261-5266 www.paulaswift.com, We have a last minute opening this Saturday September 6th at 10am for in studio or local outdoor session. Email Paula at paula@paulaswift.com if interested. www.paulaswift.com Paula Swift Photography, Inc., Paula Swift Photography, Inc.- All Rights Reserved © -www.paulaswift.com -Sudbury, MA, Paula Swift Photography, Inc.All Rights Reserved © www.paulaswift.comSudbury, MA, Precious 12 day old baby girl and her adorable 3.5 year old big brother. Paula Swift Photography, Inc. www.paulaswift.com, http://patch.com/massachusetts/sudbury/swift-shot-week-dog-days-summer?utm_source=dlvr.it&utm_medium=facebook#.U_-4ikgyBZs

Our yellow lab Swifty made the Sudbury Patch today. Stay tuned for more Swift Shots every week on the Sudbury Patch and other Metrowest towns. Be sure to LIKE Sudbury Patch  Facebook page to catch what will be featured., Happy first day back to school to some of you. My three went back today <3 :)

I am playing catchup after being out of the studio this past week while away visiting family and working on location for newborn sessions. I will be returning emails/ calls today and tomorrow.  Thank you for your patience and enjoy what's left of summer., Beautiful 3 year old with her 2 week old baby sister. Big sister was so sweet with her sleeping little sister. Paula Swift Photography, Inc. www.paulaswift.com  Sudbury, MA  978.261.5266, Ted 2 filmed right near our house today in Framingham, MA with Mark Wahlberg , Amanda Seyfried and Seth MacFarlane.  Mark even spoke with my 11 yr old son Ryan about "Being good" and kept reminding him every time he walked by him between takes.  My son was thrilled to say the least. #ted2 

Feel free to share these images but please do not crop or remove website address. All right reserved Paula Swift Photography, Inc.  Paula Ferazzi Swift  www.paulaswift.com, The award-winning images that merited at the 2014 Professional Photographers of America - International Photographic Competition . Making Paula Ferazzi Swift owner of Paula Swift Photography, Inc. the Bronze Photographer of the Year for the very first time., http://patch.com/massachusetts/framingham/paula-swift-named-bronze-photographer-year#.U-t2P0gyBZt
Paula Swift Photography, Inc.    www.paulaswift.com
Sudbury, MA   978.261.5266
with Paula Ferazzi Swift, Double the adorable from this session...7.5 month old twins in our studio with the best expressions.  <3 <3
Paula Swift Photography, Inc.   www.paulaswift.com
Sudbury, MA   978.261.5266, What do you get with a 2.5 week old and 2 year old big brother? Lots of unpredictability and great fleeting moments for a photojournalist to capture.  More to share soon, I'm off to another outdoor session...
Paula Ferazzi Swift
Paula Swift Photography, Inc.   www.paulaswift.com
Sudbury, MA  978.261.5266, Very excited and a bit still in shock to announce that I am a Bronze Medalist at the PPA's ( Professional Photographers of America) International Photographic Competition. I had four of my images awarded and accepted into their General Collection.  This is huge and a first for me...going 4 for 4 is not easy!  I will have my 4 images shown at the 2015 Imaging USA annual photography Convention in Nashville and will be named one of the Bronze Medalists from this year's competition at the awards ceremony. I hopefully will also be awarded my Master of Photography Degree.

Thank you to all my wonderful clients for being part of this award and my degree. You and my family are what drives me to be creative. I love being part of your history as you are part of mine. <3 <3 <3  

Here are the images that were entered! 
Paula Swift Photography, Inc. www.paulaswift.com Paula Ferazzi Swift, So nice seeing this little guy at again. First image he was 2 weeks old and now he is 6.5 months old. He has gorgeous blue eyes and of course its the boys who get those nice long lashes. :)

Paula Swift Photography, Inc.    www.paulaswift.com
Sudbury, MA    978-261-5266, Happy first day of August!  As we count down to the first day of school here ( 26 days for my boys).  Just a reminder that fall dates are booking up fast. August only has a few dates left and we are booking September and October ( even into November/December) up.  

Visit our site for current availability in our calendar section...
www.paulaswift.com
, Three Handsome brothers... <3
http://www.paulaswift.com/blog/three-handsome-brothers-framingham-photographer/
Paula Swift Photography, Inc.  with Paula Ferazzi Swift    www.paulaswift.com, What a fun session with these handsome 3.5 yr old twin brothers and their 2.5 week old sister who slept the entire session ( a dream newborn to photograph). You could tell how proud they are to become big brothers.  Paula Swift Photography, Inc.   www.paulaswift.com   Sudbury, MA   978-261-5266, Thank you to everyone who has given my photography a vote as Boston's Best Children's Photographer.  If you haven't had a chance to vote for Paula Swift Photography... I would totally love and appreciate it!  :) 

http://boston.cityvoter.com/paula-swift-photography-inc/biz/580642?view=Votes

Paula Swift Photography, Inc.   www.paulaswift.com, Perfect day for an outdoor and in home newborn session. Congratulations to this family on their 4th beautiful baby!
Paula Swift Photography, Inc.   www.paulaswift.com, I wish I could move this location to here...or maybe I need to move closer to it. ;)  My growing trio with their little sister who "smiles" on command.  We had a beautiful trip to Maine and had to do our annual Swift Boys (plus one girl with 4 legs) beach portraits at sunset. www.paulaswift.com, This location is just beautiful this time of year.  So nice seeing this girl again...this time for her beautiful senior portraits .
http://www.paulaswift.com/blog/hopkinton-photographer-beautiful-field-senior-portraits/
, More of another 2 week old newborn baby girl sleeping and giving us a variety of smiles and smirks while wearing head bands by Beantown Baby Crafts at Paula Swift Photography, Inc.   www.paulaswift.com  Sudbury, MA  978-261-5266, Beautiful very sleepy newborn who was13 days old came into studio last week. She's wearing another pretty set of head bands from Beantown Baby Crafts  . Paula Swift Photography, Inc.   www.paulaswift.com Sudbury, MA  978-261-5266, Gorgeous high school senior session in a field of black-eyed susans. http://www.paulaswift.com/blog/beautiful-summer-night-senior-portraits/, Beautiful sleepy 2 week old in one of our vintage pram props while  wearing an adorable headband made by Beantown Baby Crafts . Paula Swift Photography, Inc.  www.paulaswift.com
Sudbury,  MA 978-261-5266, A beautiful high school senior session from last summer.
http://www.paulaswift.com/blog/summer-senior-portraits-hopkinton-photographer/   
Paula Swift Photography, Inc.    with Paula Ferazzi Swift  Sudbury, MA, 2015 High School Seniors ...start thinking about your senior portraits now. Book early and save $50 off your session fee when you have your sessions in July and August. Visit our website here for more info: www.paulaswift.com  Sudbury, MA   978-261-5266, Blogging catch up...fun one year studio session. Contagious smiles warning :)
http://www.paulaswift.com/blog/turning-one-fun-sudbury-photographer/

Paula Swift Photography, Inc.  with Paula Ferazzi Swift   Sudbury, MA
978-261-5266    www.paulaswift.com, I had so much fun photographing this family and their adorable children...and the weather finally cooperated for their session. :), We've been nominated as Boston's Best Children's Photographer again this year.  I would love your vote!
http://boston.cityvoter.com/paula-swift-photography-inc/biz/580642
Paula Swift Photography, Inc.  , Fun family of three handsome boys who I have been photographing since the oldest was a newborn.  Check out these smiles ...very contagious!  Paula Swift Photography, Inc.  www.paulaswift.com, Love this new little aviator cap we have now...fits perfectly on this adorable 8 day old baby boy. Paula Swift Photography, Inc. www.paulaswift.com  Sudbury, MA, Looks like we have a new look to our business page. It's going to take some getting used to, but I love being able to see who gave us all these wonderful reviews. Some odd ones from those who have never used us,  but that is the nature of the internet. ;)

If you have used our photography services, we would love and appreciate your reviews. 

 Remember even if you have Liked our page make sure to click Follow above to get all of our updates. More shares coming up soon., Favorite sibling photo from a recent outdoor session. I loved making wishes on dandelions when I was their age. 

Looking at the 10 day forecast I see sun...sun...and more SUN! No more rescheduled rainy day outdoor sessions...I hope :)
Paula Swift Photography, Inc.  with Paula Ferazzi Swift www.paulaswift.com, Beautiful Fall Family Session...yes, fall in June... we are starting to book those sessions already. 
http://www.paulaswift.com/blog/fall-foliage-portraits-framingham-outdoor-photographer/
Paula Swift Photography, Inc.  Sudbury, MA with Paula Ferazzi Swift, Just booked our 4th September session this week. We book out very quickly in the fall...don't wait till fall to book.  

We still have summer session dates open including Maine beach sessions the first 2 weeks of July in Scarborough area.  Inquire at paula@paulaswift.com for availability.

Paula Swift Photography, Inc.   www.paulaswift.com, This little guy arrived just a few days after his mom's maternity session...phew!  What a happy and content 8 day old. More to come soon...
Paula Swift Photography, Inc.    www.paulaswift.com, Another returning newborn client came for an outdoor session on a beautiful May afternoon ( in between all the rain we've had). I had so much fun photographing these 3 siblings with their parents.
Paula Swift Photography, Inc.  Sudbury, MA Photographer 
www.paulaswift.com, Another beautiful sleepy little girl in our studio recently. She was a perfect model for Beantown Baby Crafts headbands too! Paula Swift Photography, Inc. with Paula Ferazzi Swift
http://www.paulaswift.com/blog/vintage-newborn-newborn-photographer-sudbury/, This time of year I add being meteorologist to my duties...lol.  Mother Nature is not cooperating very well lately.  Though the sun is making its appearance now...so here's hoping the rest of the weekend's sessions are a Go!, What a beautiful and fun sleepy baby in the park family session. Paula Swift Photography, Inc. with Paula Ferazzi Swift

http://www.paulaswift.com/blog/sleepy-baby-park-outdoor-newborn-photographer/, So nice see to this family again with their beautiful 15 month old daughter...who loved to smile for the camera. Last time I saw her I was photographing her as a sleepy newborn, loved seeing her as big girl on the go.
Paula Swift Photography, Inc.   Paula Ferazzi Swift www.paulaswift.com, We are excited to have partnered with a local Boston business, Beantown Baby Crafts who makes these very adorable head bands for newborns , babies and toddlers. Check out their Facebook page and their website to see more of their fun and beautiful products. http://beantownbabycrafts.com/, Paula Swift Photography, Inc. All Rights Reserved © www.paulaswift.com Sudbury, MA, Paula Swift Photography, Inc.All Rights Reserved © www.paulaswift.com Sudbury, MA, Summer is coming and I love beautiful and fun beach sessions like these..

http://www.paulaswift.com/blog/maine-beach-photographer-sunset-beach-sessions/

Paula Swift Photography, Inc. with Paula Ferazzi Swift, Paula Swift Photography, Inc. All Rights Reserved © www.paulaswift.comSudbury, MA, Paula Swift Photography, Inc.All Rights Reserved © www.paulaswift.com Sudbury, MA, Quick share from a beautiful 3 week old newborn session <3
More to come soon :)
Paula Swift Photography, Inc.  www.paulaswift.com
Sudbury, MA  978-261-5266
Paula Ferazzi Swift, Beautiful warm sunset beach session with a little man and family who makes my heart smile. <3

http://www.paulaswift.com/blog/ma-beach-photography-north-shore-beach-photographer/

Paula Swift Photography, Inc. - www.paulaswift.com - Paula Ferazzi Swift, Beautiful sleepy and happy 12 day old baby girl in our Sudbury Studio.  Paula Swift Photography, Inc.    www.paulaswift.com   978-261-5266, Okay last post about the Boston Marathon...until next year :)

http://www.paulaswift.com/blog/118th-boston-marathon-framingham-photographer/, 118th Boston Marathon video with images and video

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=A6sDetdQ_R0

Paula Swift Photography, Inc., Paula Swift Photography, Inc. © 2014
www.paulaswift.com, Happy Easter to all who celebrate! 

While I was at the studio photographing a beautiful newborn yesterday...my oldest son and husband met the amazing Jeff Bauman. Ryan saved up his money to buy his own book written by Jeff and had his cast signed by him. Jeff is Ryan's hero ( ours too). Thank you Susan Petroni for this great photo of Ryan and Jeff!
Ryan broke his foot right before his 3rd night of hockey tryouts 2 weeks ago. 
, Fun and loving family of four, outdoors last fall. Wish I had audio so you could here all the giggles :)

http://www.paulaswift.com/blog/family-photographer-boston-newton-photographer/, Mini's in May announced on the Blog.  Facebook fans already know about this :) 

http://www.paulaswift.com/blog/minis-mini-outdoor-photography-sessions-framingham/, "Hey, what happened to spring?" 
No more snow! We need to get those flowers blooming and trees green for our May Minis...got it Mother Nature?!  :), Perfect sleepy newborn and her very lovable big sister! 
http://www.paulaswift.com/blog/sudbury-newborn-photography-studio/
Paula Swift Photography, Inc., CASTING CALL: Looking for 1-2 babies who are 7-9 months old and are able to sit up unassisted. This is for a studio project we are working on. Parents must be willing to sign release and be able to travel to our Sudbury, MA Studio for the session. Session is free and participates will receive free products. Email paula@paulaswift.com for more info.
Paula Swift Photography, Inc., Loved this fun newborn session of three children, ages 3 and under. Yes there are many of us who are that crazy to have children this close in age ;)
http://www.paulaswift.com/blog/newborn-photographer-boston-2/
Paula Swift Photography, Inc., Announcing "Minis in May" session special. 30 minute outdoor sessions in Framingham for $100. Book today to get your preferred session date and time. Sessions can take place on a weekday or weekend in May only. 
Here is one of our favorite children outdoor sessions taken in Framingham ...
www.paulaswift.com
Paula Swift Photography, Inc., Can't wait to get back outside for beautiful children and family sessions, like this one...
http://www.paulaswift.com/blog/framingham-photographer-outdoor-portraits-metrowest/, Another wonderful newborn session on the blog :)

http://www.paulaswift.com/blog/sudbury-newborn-photographer-boston-family-photography/, Just got back from an amazing 5 day amazing immersed Photography retreat, can't wait to try everything I learned over the past week. I am catching up on emails and calls all day today. If you haven't heard from me yet...its coming. Thank you for your patience. :)  
For all you professional photographers at there...this is where I was: www.neipp.com     This is such an amazing photography experience!, Congratulations to Heather Yates!

You are the 2014 Spring Fever Photo Session Giveaway winner.

We will be email you so we can book your outdoor session for this spring. :), Wish I could curl up and sleep so snug and warm like this sweet baby girl did in our studio recently.  What happened to spring...brrrr?

Stay tuned for the Spring Fever Photo Session Giveaway winner announcement later today.  :)

Paula Swift Photography, Inc. www.paulaswift.com
Sudbury, MA   978.26.15266, 2 more days left to enter!  Tag this image and email us at paula@paulaswift.com to enter. Entries will be accepted until 11pm Sunday March 23rd.  The winner will be announced Monday March 24th in the afternoon.  
 Can't wait to photograph the lucky winner this spring!, Three little monkeys jumping on the bed ... 
When my boys saw this session's images they said," Wow they have the coolest mom ever." :) 
http://www.paulaswift.com/blog/needham-photographer-home-portraits-boston/, Such a cute family with their new baby boy. These two older siblings were great with their new brother.
http://www.paulaswift.com/blog/sudbury-newborn-photographer/
, 8 day old adorable baby boy...he was another snuggly baby and made a very cute teddy bear. :)

Paula Swift Photography, Inc.   www.paulaswift.com
Sudbury, MA  978.261.5266, Adorable outdoor 6 month old baby session from last spring.  One more day until Spring and I can't wait for the warmer weather!
http://www.paulaswift.com/blog/boston-baby-photographer-2/, How adorable is this 3.5 year old little girl with her 2 week old little sister?

Paula Swift Photography, Inc.    www.paulaswift.com
Sudbury, MA    978.261.5266, This beautiful little girl had a great variety of expressions...and look at those big blue eyes! She was amazing to photograph at almost 4 months old.
Paula Swift Photography, Inc.   www.paulaswift.com
Sudbury, MA   978.261.5266, Our 3rd Annual Spring Fever Session Giveaway!

Read more on our Brand New Blog about on how to enter and win.

Be sure to Tag yourself on this image ( or the one previously posted about Spring Fever Giveaway) and email us your first name and last name to be entered.
..., Our 3rd Annual Spring Fever Session Giveaway!  

Read more on our Brand New Blog about on how to enter and win. 
http://www.paulaswift.com/blog/3rd-annual-spring-fever-session-giveaway-framingham-photographer/

This will be the image to TAG after you read the blog on how to enter.

Good luck and bring on SPRING!

Paula Swift Photography, Inc.   www.paulaswift.com
978.261.5266, Such a peaceful sleeper...little smiles here and there during her newborn session.
Paula Swift Photography, Inc.  www.paulaswift.com
Sudbury, MA   978.261.5266, I love those sleep smiles newborns give as they fall asleep. She gave us a big one!
Paula Swift Photography, Inc.   www.paulaswift.com
Sudbury, MA   978.261-5266, Beautiful 11 day old newborn ...more to come soon :)
Paula Swift Photography, Inc.  www.paulaswift.com
Sudbury, MA    978-261-5266, So fun to see this little girl and her family again. She was just under 2 weeks when I met her last March...now she's almost ready to walk and so proud to be a big girl!
Paula Swift Photography, Inc.  www.paulaswift.com
Sudbury, MA, Another gorgeous newborn baby girl featured on our blog ...  http://www.paulaswift.com/blog/sudbury-newborn-photographer-framingham-photographer/, Newborn Casting Call for new babies 7-12 days old as of Friday March 14th, 2014.  This is for a studio project we are working on.  Parents must be willing to sign release and be able to travel to our Sudbury, MA  Studio for the session. Session is free and participates will receive free products.   Email paula@paulaswift.com for more info.
Paula Swift Photography, Inc.  www.paulaswift.com
Sudbury, MA, Loved seeing these two girls again as they became big sisters to a very cute "little man".
http://www.paulaswift.com/blog/boston-newborn-photographer-sudbury-photographer/, Attended the amazing PPAM 4 day photography convention in Plymouth, MA where I co-chaired the Image Competition.  I was very happy to received 2 blue ribbons, 4 red ribbons and my first Gold Star merit., I could of cuddled with these 8.5 week old twins all day...born 8 weeks early, they were just perfect for their session with a mixture wide awake and sleepy time in our studio.   Paula Swift Photography, Inc. © 2014  www.paulaswift.com   Sudbury,MA    978.261.5266, Adorably fun brother and sister came into the studio recently for their session. Great seeing the little girl become a big sister too!
Paula Swift Photography, Inc. © 2014     www.paulaswift.com     Sudbury, MA  978-261-5266, Still have a few more dates left...if you haven't emailed us yet to officially Claim and book your newborn session, you have until Tuesday February 18th to do so. Looking forward to meeting all these new babies soon. <3, Happy Valentine's Day!  Hope everyone has dug themselves out by now and is able to enjoy the day and evening with loved ones. <3

Paula Swift Photography, Inc. © 2014     www.paulaswift.com
Sudbury, MA   978-261-5266, As we welcome another snow storm today...just think Spring is 34 days away and Summer 127 days.  )
 
I can't wait to get back to the beach and photograph sessions like this one at sunset last summer. 

Stay safe and warm everyone!

Paula Swift Photography, Inc. © 2014 Sudbury, MA
www.paulaswift.com   978-261-5266, This recent session was so much fun in the studio with this brother and sister duo..love capturing adorable little moments like these.
Paula Swift Photography, Inc. © 2014     www.paulaswift.com
Sudbury, MA, Here's a session to warm your hearts ... lets go back to one of those warm summer days last year and ignore its winter in Boston. :)

http://www.paulaswift.com/blog/concord-photographer/, Blogging again...featuring a gorgeous fall family session!

http://www.paulaswift.com/blog/boston-family-photographer-2/, Another adorable new baby boy came to visit the studio for his first portraits...this little guy was 2 weeks old and so sweet during his session., New babies are loving our cozy and very warm new studio... like this beautiful 9 day old baby girl with her adorable 2 year old brother and proud parents. <3 Love <3, Happy Birthday Facebook...10 years old today!   They created these cool Look Back videos for each of us. 
Go get yours...so cool!
https://www.facebook.com/lookback, Congratulations on the Seattle Seahawks and their head coach Pete Carroll!  Anyone remember when he was the head coach of the New England Patriots? Here are some photos I shot of him during my career as a photojournalist in 1999 . This was during his last season at the New England Patriots. You could feel his frustration with the game in these photos...even though he was a super nice guy on the sidelines  Has this guy aged at all? 

You can view more of my 10 year Photojournalism career images here:
http://www.paulaswift.com/html/#!/2/featured/Photojournalism/57, Paula Swift Photography, Inc. © All Rights Reserved Sudbury, MA
paula@paulaswift.com  978-261-5266, Blogging again...what a beautiful newborn session with siblings who were in love with their baby brother.

http://www.paulaswift.com/blog/boston-newborn-photographer-sudbury-studio/, Very excited that our long awaited website is finally live!

http://www.paulaswift.com/html/

My current one is as old as my last baby...who turns 7 in March. ..LOL, This is a great deal for anyone looking to get pictures of their newborn!, null, I'm back from Phoenix after attending Imaging USA ...energized with lots of knew ideas for my photography and the studio. Took some amazing classes, met up with friends and talented photographers from all over the US and met this guy...Mr. Kenny Rogers. Yes the singer and who knew he was also a very talented photographer. He received an Honorary Masters in Photography from the Professional Photographers of America.

Back in the studio today if you haven't received an email or call back about your session...its coming today. :), Pretty cool... one of my photos I took out my hotel floor window was the most liked photo on Instragram and Twitter so I made the cover of Downtown Phoenix Journal. Can you believe this was just a quick iPhone shot?, Happy 2014!
Excited to feature a 2013 Year in Portraits on our blog.
http://www.paulaswift.com/blog/sudbury-photographer-2013-years-portraits/, Merry Christmas, Happy New Year and Happy Holidays to all, from my family to yours.  Here are my three boys; Ryan, 10, Trevor 8, Logan 6 with our 9 month old puppy Swifty (yes she is a big girl). 
Paula Swift Photography, Inc. is closed until January 3rd, 2014 and will be open at our beautiful new location  Sudbury., Framingham Jr. Flyers Squirts C2 (AA2) vs. Keene, NH in the Holy Name Icebreaker Tournament in West Springfield. Feel free to tag and share images of your players., Paula Swift Photography, Inc.
All Rights Reserved, Paula Swift Photography, Inc. © 2013
All Rights Reserved, http://www.paulaswift.com/blog/boston-newborn-photographer-newborn-photography-sessions-50/, Loved photographing these three in such a fun way for their holiday session. <3

Paula Swift Photography, Inc.
www.paulaswift.com   508-405-1816, My Loan Collection image is featured on the Professional Photographers of America Facebook page today.  Love this image and this moment share by two brothers ( human and canine) :), Paula Swift Photography, Inc. © All Rights Reserved
Framingham, MA
paula@paulaswift.com, Very excited to announce that Paula Swift Photography, Inc. studio will be moving to Sudbury!  

The rest of our sessions booked in 2013 will be taking place in Framingham. 

2014 sessions that are already booked, have been notified of move and I will see you in our beautiful new location., Holiday Fall Sessions are completely booked. Please plan in advance and contact us 6-8 weeks in advance to get your preferred fall holiday session date next year. Early November is the holiday date deadline each year to have enough time for editing and creation of customer holiday cards. Thank you for everyone's understanding I wish I could fit everyone in... but I haven't figured out how to clone myself yet

I do have a few dates in early December for newborn and any studio sessions that aren't needed for holidays., Paula Swift Photography, Inc. © All Rights Reserved
Framingham, MA
paula@paulaswift.com, We would of never thought when we brought our boys to their first Red Sox game this April 21, 2013 ...sadly only 6 days after the Boston Marathon bombing... we would be watching future World Series Champions! Amazing historic game last night...Go Red Sox...BOSTON STRONG!, Feel free to tag yourself in your images. Tag individual images, not the whole album. This will allow just your images appear on your private page. Please keep logo intact and do not crop out to protect copyright. Thank you and enjoy :), Paula Swift Photography, Inc. © All Rights Reserved
Framingham, MA
paula@paulaswift.com, Paula Swift Photography, Inc. © All Rights Reserved
Framingham, MA
paula@paulaswift.com, Paula Swift Photography, Inc. © All Rights Reserved
Framingham, MA
paula@paulaswift.com, Paula Swift Photography, Inc. © 2013
www.paulaswift.com   
Framingham, MA, Another beautiful late fall session from last November. Even when the leaves have fallen...its still has that "warm" fall color feeling. :) 

http://www.paulaswift.com/blog/framingham-outdoor-photographer/, Paula Swift Photography travels throughout New England during the summer months. Feel free to contact us for your pricing and availability to travel to your favorite location to have your family and children photographed.  Please plan well in advance as we book our travel dates 2-3 months out.   

 Feel free to tag yourself in your images. Tag individual images, not the whole album. This will allow just your images appear on your private page. Please keep logo intact to protect copyright. Thank you and enjoy :), Family portraits taken at the beautiful Lake Winnipesaukee this past summer.
Paula Swift Photography, Inc, © 2013
www.paulaswift.com, Paula Swift Photography, Inc. @ 2103  www.paulaswift.com
Framingham, MA, Paula Swift Photography, Inc. © 2013
www.paulaswift.com
Framingham, MA, Thank you everyone for your thoughts and well wishes during this unexpected health issue I had this past week.  I am home and recovering fairly quickly from the kidney stones.  I will be updating photos this week and will be returning to the studio in the beginning of next week. I can still be reached via email if you need me.  <3, I have one September weekend outdoor session appointment left. Saturday September 28th at 3pm here in Framingham at one of our favorite locations

October dates are going fast too. If you are looking to have your family and children photographed in our gorgeous fall weather don't wait much longer.
Calendar of availability is here:
http://www.paulaswift.com/htmlver/calendar.php?monthC=10&yearC=2013

http://www.paulaswift.com/blog/boston-outdoor-photographer/, Great win D team!, Paula Swift Photography, Inc. © 2013
Framingham, MA  - www.paulaswift.com, Another great session from last fall. Hard to believe its almost fall again, especially with the cool crisp morning we woke up too.  Leaves are already starting to change too. 

Don't wait much longer to book your fall Family and Children's session September is almost booked up and October dates are going quickly too.

http://www.paulaswift.com/blog/boston-family-photographer/, Its been great watching these two grow in between each session they have had over the past few years.
http://www.paulaswift.com/blog/southborough-photographer/, Nothing is sweeter than watching siblings with their new baby.  A perfect sleepy newborn and sibling photography session.

Paula Swift Photography, Inc. © 2013
www.paulaswift.com     Framingham, MA, Fun featuring this hockey themed baby session on the blog today! He was such a fun little guy to photograph.

Hard to believe we start the hockey season tomorrow in my house with my 2nd year Squirt. Go Jr. Flyers! :)

http://www.paulaswift.com/blog/boston-baby-photography-studio/, Another amazing session with this family I have been photographing since the older two girls were 6 months and 1.5 years old.  They are always great to photograph!

Paula Swift Photography, Inc. © 2013
www.paulaswift.com 
Framingham, MA, Paula Swift Photography, Inc. © 2013
www.paulaswift.com
Framingham, MA, Now onto some beautiful beach session images. Loved seeing these 2 little brothers again with their fun parents. I really lucked out this summer with perfect evening beach session weather.

Paula Swift Photography  - www.paulaswift.com
Framingham, MA, Happy First Day back to school for many of you!  I know some have already started and others don't go back until next week or even later. 

Here are my 1st, 3rd and 5th graders with their 5 month old puppy, "Swifty". She's a little lost without them this morning., Gorgeous evening light for this beautiful high school senior and her buddy Martha.

Paula Swift Photography, Inc. © 2013
www.paulaswift.com
Framingham, MA, What amazing evening it was for this family's beach session. It was so nice seeing their handsome little guy again... who is now walking and on the run. He is such a sweetheart!

Paula Swift Photography, Inc. © 2013    
www.paulaswift.com, Will be updating this page soon with lots of photos. It's been a crazy week with lots of sessions and follow up rain dates. 
 FYI we are booking into September, October and even November now...don't wait to long to book your fall sessions. With school starting in just over a week ( gulp) fall will be here in a blink of an eye., This little 7 month old was so much fun and look at all his smiles! :) http://www.paulaswift.com/blog/boston-baby-photographer-outdoor-portraits-ma/, Excited to announce this image was accepted into the prestigious Loan Collection of the Professional Photographers of America's 2013 International Photographic Competition!

The best part is this is one of my little clients with his dog during a fall session. Love when a client's photo wins awards!  

Paula Swift Photography, Inc. ©
www.paulaswift.com
Framingham,MA  508-405-1816, This senior's session was just amazing!  She was a natural in front of my cameras and the location/lighting all came together for us. :)

Paula Swift Photography, Inc. © 2013 
www.paulaswift.com
Framingham, MA     508-405-1816, Paula Swift Photography, Inc © 2013
www.paulaswift.com
Framingham, MA    508-405-1816, An amazing session from last fall... the family and their yard were a dream to photograph.

http://www.paulaswift.com/blog/boston-family-photographer-medway-photographer, Beautiful 12 day baby girl with big blue eyes. <3

http://www.paulaswift.com/blog/boston-newborn-photographer-needham-photographer, If anyone needs help giving their dog a bath, I have two little boys who would love to help. :)  This was hilarious to watch and document as two of my boys washed our 4 month old yellow lab "Swifty" out in the yard.

Paula Swift Photography, Inc. © 2013    www.paulaswift.com, Here's our 2013 Spring FEVER Photography Session winner's session from this June. It was perfect day for this fun family! 

http://www.paulaswift.com/blog/framingham-photographer-boston-childrens-photographer, Another little guy became a big brother this summer. Love capturing siblings together. How beautiful is this 2.5 week old baby girl?  <3

Paula Swift Photography, Inc. ©2013  www.paulaswift.com
508-405-1816, Loved photographing these two brothers hold and kiss their new baby sister <3

Paula Swift Photography, Inc. © 2013
www.paulaswift.com  Framingham, MA    508-405-1816, Another gorgeous fall session from last fall... this time with a big brother and his new baby brother.

http://www.paulaswift.com/blog/wakefield-photographer-boston-family-photographer, I know its July but here is another favorite session from last fall. These two are Paula Swift Photography session "pros" now. :)

Start thinking about booking your fall portrait sessions soon. In the past August I start booking up the popular October dates.

http://www.paulaswift.com/blog/shrewsbury-photographer-fall-outdoor-portraits-ma, Hope everyone enjoyed their 4th of July holiday week.  I'm still away for a few more days for vacation and beach sessions. Here's one from this week of a family on the beach at sunset.

www.paulaswift.com    508-405-1816
Paula Swift Photography, Inc.   Framingham, MA, These three  were so cute with one another and so good.  Here are some recent favorites...

Paula Swift Photography, Inc. © 2013
www.paulaswift.com    Framingham, MA
508-405-1816, Loved these two images photographed of adorable little guy with our cup replica. Seems perfect for the morning after the loss last night. Hang in there Bruins fans!

Paula Swift Photography, Inc. © 2013
www.paulaswift.com   Framingham, MA
508-405-1816, This one needed to be featured by itself. How sweet are these pups with their sister? <3

Paula Swift Photography, Inc. © 2013
www.paulaswift.com Framingham, MA    508-405-1816, Another beautiful outdoor child and family photography session. Love when pets are included too <3

Paula Swift Photography, Inc. © 2013
www.paulaswift.com Framingham, MA    508-405-1816, Nominated as one of Bostons Best Children's Photographers!  I would love your vote and support <3

http://boston.cityvoter.com/paula-swift-photography-inc/biz/580642

www.paulaswift.com    508-405-1816, A little peek into our 2013 Spring FEVER Photography Session winner's session. Another amazing and fun family and children's photography session!

Paula Swift Photography, Inc. © 2013
www.paulaswift.com     508-405-1816, Love children sessions like these. How cute are they?

Paula Swift Photography, Inc. © 2013
www.paulaswift.com
Framingham, MA    508-405-1816, A fun session from last fall featured on the blog today.

http://www.paulaswift.com/blog/boston-childrens-photographer-paula-swift-photography, If you are a fan of Paula Swift Photography ...we would love your Vote!  Thank you <3

http://boston.cityvoter.com/best/children-s-photographer/parenting-101/boston, With the Bruins awesome win last night and now they off to the Stanley Cup Playoffs, this session was perfect timing to feature.

"Wicked" cute 9 month old - soon to be hockey player with his dad, who is a goalie.  We used my husband's "Cup" replica in there at the end. We are a bit of a hockey family too ;)

www.paulaswift.com     508-405-1816, Ready to smile...this little 7 month old had the cutest expressions!

www.paulaswift.com
508-405-1816, Paula Swift Photography, Inc. has been nominated for the Best Children's Photographer in Boston.  We would love your support and vote! <3, null, Love this fun and beautiful little girl. She showed me a lot of her dance moves during her session. :)

Paula Swift Photography, Inc. © 2013
www.paulaswift.com
508-405-1816, Paula Swift Photography, Inc. © 2013
www.paulaswift.com, I just love sibling and newborn sessions...

http://www.paulaswift.com/blog/boston-newborn-photographer-in-home-baby-sessions, Paula Swift Photography, Inc. © 2012-2013
Framingham, MA 
www.paulaswift.com    508-405-1816, Beach session bookings in full swing. I have a few more dates left in July and August for Southern Maine and Cape Cod, North Shore and South Shore of Massachusetts.  Inquire at http://www.paulaswift.com/htmlver/contact.php, Going to see this beautiful little girl again very soon...what a personality she has in front of the camera :) 

http://www.paulaswift.com/blog/boston-baby-photographer, Beautiful 2.5 week old baby girl in the studio, This is one is for all the Boston Bruins fans out there...so cute.  

Go Bruins!, Paula Swift Photography, Inc. copyright 2013
www.paulaswift.com
Framingham, MA    508.405.1816
All Rights Reserved, Paula Swift Photography, Inc. copyright 2013
www.paulaswift.com
Framingham, MA    508.405.1816
All Rights Reserved, A beautiful and talented local high school senior ...
http://www.paulaswift.com/blog/natick-senior-photographer-boston-photographer, Paula Swift Photography, Inc. © 2013
www.paulaswift.com
Framingham, MA   508-405-1816, This baby boy was so much fun and his eyes are just gorgeous!

http://www.paulaswift.com/blog/framingham-family-photographer-boston-baby-photographer, The colors last fall were just beautiful!

http://www.paulaswift.com/blog/boston-childrens-photographer-framingham-photographer-3, This was such a fun and adorable session with a these 4 year old twins and their precious 8 day old baby brother. LOVE..., I photographed these beautiful sisters a year and half ago...they brought their adorable 10 day old baby brother into the studio this time.  So precious..., A sweet 3 week old who gave me smiles and little smirks throughout his newborn session., One of Paula Swift Photography's little clients is featured on the cover of April's baystateparent Magazine . She was just 2 weeks old when she came into the studio.

http://www.baystateparent.com/find-a-copy/the-archives/April-2013-edition-of-baystateparent-Magazine-200609251.html, CONGRATULATIONS TO ...

RUBY BURKE!!!!!

You are the 2013 Spring FEVER Photo Session Giveaway Winner!, My "baby" turned 6 yesterday.  A lot you hear me talk about my boys... this is youngest of 3 boys, Logan!  He is so happy and full of life, always has a smile on his face. :), 2nd Annual Spring FEVER Photo Session Giveaway- 2nd Photo to tag. 
If you have already tagged the first one, no need to tag this one. 

To Enter TAG the Photo, Make sure you are a fan of our page by clicking LIKE on page ( not photo) then send an email to paula@paulaswift.com with Spring Fever in subject and make sure your name is somewhere in the email. Good luck everyone. You can enter until 11:59pm on Saturday March 30th...winner will be announced the afternoon of Monday April 1st., An adorable 2 year old big brother with his 10 day old baby sister. I photographed him at the exact same age. :), So fun to see another little client become a big brother...there are lots this year so far. This 3 yr old was proud of his 7 week old baby sister.

www.paulaswift.com, 2nd Annual Spring FEVER Giveaway. This is the photo to tag. Email paula@paulaswift.com, 2nd Annual Spring FEVER Photo Session Giveaway. :) 

http://www.paulaswift.com/blog/2nd-annual-spring-fever-session-giveaway-framingham-photographer, A beautiful sleeping 11 day old in the studio. Caught a few sleepy smiles too. :), It was great seeing this fun brother and sister duo again. The lil guy just turned one years old!, http://framingham.patch.com/articles/framingham-photographer-wins-prestigious-kodak-award-and-7-other-awards, There's nothing sweeter than the love between two brothers... this 2.5 yr old and his sleeping 3 week old baby brother are so adorable!, A quick iPhone photo I took out one of our 2nd floor windows after 18 inches of snow fell in Framingham.  What a surprise storm it was yesterday but a beautiful way to end the day.  This was shared on our local Patch site today.

"Paula Swift Photography, Inc. - thanks for sharing your photo! Just proves what I've always known it is the photographer and not the equipment - amazing this was shot with your iphone! -- Susan", http://www.paulaswift.com/blog/kodak-gallery-award-winning-print-boston-photographer-awards, A little iPhone photo ( excuse the clarity on this) of one of my "Kodak Gallery Award Winning" subjects with a matted print I gave his family this morning at his brother's newborn session. Thank you Nate and Franklin for being so much fun during your fall session. Their session took place on the morning of that freak October snowstorm in 2011 before the flakes came down and power went out for our family for 4 days.  Ironically his little brother was born right before that big blizzard we got 3 weeks ago., Paula Swift Photography, Inc. © 2013
www.paulaswift.com
Framingham, MA    508-405-1816
All Rights Reserved, Paula Swift Photography, Inc. © 2013
www.paulaswift.com
Framingham, MA    508-405-1816
All Rights Reserved, 2013 Professional Photographers of Massachusetts (PPAM) Print Competition Awards, A favorite from a recent studio session of three beautiful sisters., Such a smiley little man ...
http://www.paulaswift.com/blog/boston-baby-photographer-framingham-photographer, Today's Blog Feature...a beautiful , warm and fun outdoor Child and Family session from last summer. These two kids have the most contagious smiles. :)
http://www.paulaswift.com/blog/brookline-photographer-boston-child-photographer, Feel free to tag yourself in your images. Tag individual images, not the whole album. This will allow just your images appear on your private page. Please keep logo intact to protect copyright. Thank you and enjoy :), Paula Swift Photography, Inc. copyright 2013
www.paulaswift.com
Framingham, MA     508.405.1816
All Rights Reserved., Just getting back from spending 5 days in Atlanta at Imaging USA 2013 along with 10,000 professional photographers from around the world.  I learned and enjoyed soaked in so many new opportunities I hope to incorporate in my photography sessions this year. I even got to see my 3 award-winning images showcased at the International Exhibit during the convention.  I will be playing catch up on emails / calls in the next 24hrs for session inquiries I received during that time I was away...thank you for your patience.  Orders will be ready next week for those orders placed before I went away. Below are the 3 award-winning images that were shown at the exhibit. Talk soon! <3, Remember that Spring Fever Outdoor Session Giveaway?  Well here is the family that won. Featuring their session from June 2012 ( very back logged on blogging :) )
http://www.paulaswift.com/blog/worcester-childrens-photographer-ma-family-photographer, Squirt C3 Framingham Jr. Flyers v. Newton at Dunkin Donuts Ctr Providence RI before Prov Bruins game Jan 13, 2013    Also included last minute scrimmage against NRI before Bruins game.  Feel free to tag yourself on your players to share on your personal pages., Beautiful Newborn and Maternity Session Blog Feature
http://www.paulaswift.com/blog/newborn-photographer-boston, Paula Swift Photography, Inc. copyright 2012www.paulaswift.comFramingham, MA     508.405.1816All Rights Reserved., Handsome little Prince ...
http://www.paulaswift.com/blog/boston-newborn-photographer-framingham-photographer, Happy New Year!  

My family spent the time up in Maine with lots of snow. It was so nice to get away. Hope everyone had a great holiday time as well.  Here is one of my favorites taken in Ocean Park, Maine during one of two snow storms that occurred  while we were there., Warmest wishes for Peace, Love and Happiness during the holidays to everyone!

The studio will be closed today at noon until January 2nd, 2013., Paula Swift Photography, Inc. copyright 2012www.paulaswift.comFramingham, MA     508.405.1816All Rights Reserved., Paula Swift Photography, Inc. copyright 2012
www.paulaswift.com
Framingham, MA     508.405.1816
All Rights Reserved., Jumping around as I catch up on posts on my blog. A beautiful maternity and children session from this summer...

http://www.paulaswift.com/blog/boston-maternity-photographer-children, Paula Swift Photography, Inc. copyright 2012www.paulaswift.comFramingham, MA     508.405.1816All Rights Reserved., Paula Swift Photography, Inc. copyright 2012www.paulaswift.comFramingham, MA     508.405.1816All Rights Reserved., Paula Swift Photography, Inc. copyright 2012www.paulaswift.comFramingham, MA     508.405.1816All Rights Reserved., Paula Swift Photography, Inc. copyright 2012www.paulaswift.comFramingham, MA     508.405.1816All Rights Reserved., Catching up after a very busy fall...stay tuned for lots of updates...one more session special and a lots of fun fall sessions.

http://www.paulaswift.com/blog/boston-family-photographer-wellesley-childrens-photographer, Paula Swift Photography, Inc. copyright 2012
www.paulaswift.com
Framingham, MA     508.405.1816
All Rights Reserved., Yikes...just found out my Client Inquiry session contact  emails have been going to spam for at least 2 weeks. I apologize if you have sent an inquiry in the past few weeks and you haven't heard back from me. Please send a direct email to paula@paulaswift.con until we figure out what is happening with this issue., 9 weeks old!  I love when babies  can go from happy wide-eyed - to sleepy cuddly with in minutes during their session. Could of photographed this adorable little guy for hours. :), Paula Swift Photography, Inc. copyright 2012
www.paulaswift.com
Framingham, MA     508.405.1816
All Rights Reserved., We are booked for 2012 but for those of you who can wait until January. We are running a studio special until December 1st, 2012. Book your January 2013 session in studio and receive 15% off your session fee.
You can read more about this on our website here , with links to Rates: 
http://www.paulaswift.com/htmlver/info.php?num=5, Paula Swift Photography, Inc. copyright 2012
www.paulaswift.com
Framingham, MA     508.405.1816
All Rights Reserved., null, So thrilled to see this father and son featured on the cover of baystateparent Magazine in November. Love this little guy...he is just so sweet.  This image by Paula Swift Photography was taken during their family session this year., Paula Swift Photography, Inc. copyright 2012www.paulaswift.comFramingham, MA     508.405.1816All Rights Reserved., Paula Swift Photography, Inc. copyright 2012
www.paulaswift.com
Framingham, MA     508.405.1816
All Rights Reserved., Paula Swift Photography, Inc. copyright 2012
www.paulaswift.com
Framingham, MA     508.405.1816
All Rights Reserved., Paula Swift Photography, Inc. ©
www.paulaswift.com
Framingham, MA   508-405-1816
All Rights Reserved, 2012 Holiday sessions are all booked!
 I still have a few sessions left in November and early December but portraits will not be back in time for the holidays.  Check out our January 2013 Special here: 
http://www.paulaswift.com/htmlver/info.php?num=5, Love seeing my little clients come back. See this adorable brother and sister in September 2011 when they were 1 and newborn ...now at 2 yrs old and 1 yrs old. They were so sweet together!, Paula Swift Photography, Inc. copyright 2012
www.paulaswift.com
Framingham, MA     508.405.1816
All Rights Reserved., Paula Swift Photography, Inc. copyright 2012
www.paulaswift.com
Framingham, MA     508.405.1816
All Rights Reserved., Paula Swift Photography, Inc. copyright 2012www.paulaswift.comFramingham, MA     508.405.1816All Rights Reserved., Paula Swift Photography, Inc. copyright 2012
www.paulaswift.com
Framingham, MA     508.405.1816
All Rights Reserved., October's issue of @baystateparent magazine is online today. You can pick up the  print magazine starting Monday October 1st. I had the special opportunity to photograph Kris Burke amazing Framingham mom/ teacher with her adorable daughter Skyler. 
You can read about Kris' battle with cancer here:
 http://issuu.com/baystateparent/docs/1012_bsp/1

Kris I know you will kick cancer's butt!, We are excited to be featured on CBS Boston's website as one of their Best Boston Photographers for Children and Families.

http://boston.cbslocal.com/top-lists/bostons-best-photographers-for-children-and-their-families/, Having a hard time finding what to put your family in for your photography session with Paula Swift Photography? Check out my What to Wear pin board on Pinterest. You don't need to be on there to view these great clothing suggestions. 

http://pinterest.com/paula_swift/what-to-wear/, Paula Swift Photography, Inc. copyright 2012www.paulaswift.comFramingham, MA     508.405.1816All Rights Reserved., Paula Swift Photography, Inc. Copyright 2012
www.paulaswift.com
Framingham, MA     508.405.1816
All Rights Reserved, Look who got the baby brother they hoped for...three very proud big sisters! ) :)

www.paulaswift.com, WOW  was just looking at my October calendar and the dates are almost all booked. If you are wanting to have your fall or holiday session photographed in time for my November 6th deadline don't wait any longer.  Send an email paula@paulaswift.com to book your session or visit www.paulaswift.com where you can see current availability. No more weekend mornings left unfortunately... but a few week day mornings are., A wonderful newborn session with a beautiful baby boy 
http://www.paulaswift.com/blog/boston-newborn-photographer-framingham-baby-studio, Wishing my mom a Happy 75th Birthday today!   Without her I wouldn't be the mom, wife and photographer I am today...Love you!, Look how much these two handsome brothers have grown in less than a year..., Clients feel free to tag yourself in your images. Tag individual images, not the whole album. This allow just your images appear on your page.  Please keep logo intact to protect copyright. Thank you and enjoy :), ((((Remembering all those lives lost on 9/11))))

Never Forget.  Where were you 11 years ago today?, Paula Swift Photography, Inc. copyright 2012
www.paulaswift.com
Framingham, MA     508.405.1816
All Rights Reserved., Fun and whimsical outdoor children's photography session

http://www.paulaswift.com/blog/shrewsbury-childrens-photographer-metrowest-photography, First football game of 2012

Paula Swift Photography, Inc. © 2012

www.paulaswift.com  
     
Canon Mark III with 300 2.8   
   
Feel free to tag yourself on any players you know., null, Paula Swift Photography © 2012
www.paulaswift.com
Framingham, MA 
508.405.1816
All Rights Reserved., Fun and loving maternity and newborn sessions with a family of three boys.

http://www.paulaswift.com/blog/worcester-maternity-newborn-photographer-framingham-studio, If you looking to book your Fall Children and Family photography session, now is the time to do it. I  only a few weekend appointments left in September ( afternoon only ) and October weekends are going fast as well. 

http://www.paulaswift.com/htmlver/calendar.php?monthC=09&yearC=2012, Paula Swift Photography, Inc. copyright 2012
www.paulaswift.com
Framingham, MA     508.405.1816
All Rights Reserved., Slowing trying to get into the blog catch up. 
This little guy stole my heart!

http://www.paulaswift.com/blog/boston-childrens-photographer-framingham-photographer-2, After the loss of my dad this summer... It was great to be able to enjoy a surprise trip to Disney with our 3 boys a few weeks ago.  We had planned this out 6 months earlier but didn't tell them until a week before we went.  Here is a photo of them on the first day shot with just my point and shoot camera. I left my pro gear at home so we could enjoy our trip, I highly recommend that to all you pros out there. :), 2012 Spring Fever Session Winners Session!
Paula Swift Photography © 2012
www.paulaswift.com
Framingham, MA 
508.405.1816, Paula Swift Photography © 2012
www.paulaswift.com
Framingham, MA 
508.405.1816, 2012 International Photographic Competition Accepted Work.Three of my images Merited and were accepted into the General Collection in Professional Photographer's of America (PPA) - 2012 International Photographic Competition (IPC)! They will be on display in Atlanta , Jan 2013 at the Imaging USA convention. :), Here are these two cuties who have been photographing since the little guy was 4 months old. Now they are 3 and 5...how time flies!, Anyone remember these three beautiful little girls who captured a frog during their session in 2008?  Here is a quick peek at a recent shoot of them....baby #4 is on its way very soon!, Again thank you everyone for your messages and prayers for my dad and family.  As my sisters, mom and family made collages of my dad for his services that captured his 75 years of life...it  brought to light how important it is to capture those every day memories. I'm not talking about professional photography but those point and shoot memories. Please remember to take photos of your family, each and every one of them when ever you can., Thank you for all of you who have reached out to offer my family your thoughts and prayers for my dad. My dad passed away late last night, July 16th peacefully at the Soldiers Home in Holyoke.  This is a photo of my dad Paul Ferazzi as he walked me down the aisle at my wedding in Longmeadow in 1999.

 The studio will be closed until Monday July 23rd. Thank you for your understanding of the rescheduling of sessions during this time. Please check your emails if you have a session scheduled this week about rescheduling., Love seeing the newborns I photograph so young turn One!, Feel free to tag yourself in your images. Tag individual images, not the whole album. This will allow just your images appear on your private page. Please keep logo intact to protect copyright. Thank you and enjoy :), Bear and Bella...can't be any cuter!  more too come :), Happy 4th of July everyone from beautiful Maine!, Hi Everyone..sorry I've been a bit MIA. Crazy time of year with lots of sessions...June has been like October for shoots :)  July is now booked but there are a few August dates left. Email me ASAP if you have requested a date and need to book your summer session.  I had to take my online calendar down due to many dates out for booking retainers. Start thinking about your fall sessions before those dates go next!, Nominated as Boston's Best Children's Photographer on the Boston A-List.  Would love and appreciate your votes :), Feel free to tag yourself in your images. Tag individual images, not the whole album. This will allow just your images appear on your private page. Please keep logo intact to protect copyright. Thank you and enjoy :), Look at this cutie at 3 weeks old last year and now as big one year old today.  Loved his outfit he wore for his recent outdoor session..so timeless and adorable on him!, This sweetie at 2 weeks and now at 8 months old.  Love being able to see these little babies grow in such a short time., Feel free to tag yourself in your images. Tag individual images, not the whole album. This will allow just your images appear on your private page. Please keep logo intact to protect copyright. Thank you and enjoy :), Cool behind the scenes of my sister Gina Ferazzi setting up her remote cameras while covering the LA Kings vs Phoenix Coyote hockey playoff games.  Yes...photography is in the family. My personal mentor growing up - taught me how to develop film when I was 13 in our basement darkroom and gave me my very first SLR film camera that same year. You can check out her images from the games at www.latimes.com, Adorable new big sister with her baby brother ...
http://www.paulaswift.com/blog/boston-baby-photographer-hopkinton-photographer, Clients feel free to tag yourself in your images. Tag individual images, not the whole album. This allow just your images appear on your page. Please keep logo intact to protect copyright. Thank you and enjoy :), 6 months later...another fall session. Catching up on sessions again on the blog. The colors were perfect for this beautiful children's and family session.

http://www.paulaswift.com/blog/shrewsbury-childrens-photographer-outdoor-fall-portraits-ma, Happy Mother's Day to all of you! I hope everyone is enjoying this beautiful day with your families.

 My boys and I took a walk this morning at the Grist Mill at the Wayside Inn in Sudbury, not far from our home.  I have forgotten how beautiful and peaceful of a location it is...it was especially nice seeing all the families having little picnics while there., 5.5 week old adorable baby boy with his 4 year old big sister... a beautiful golden retriever :), Feel free to tag yourself in your images. Tag individual images, not the whole album. This will allow just your images appear on your private page. Please keep logo intact to protect copyright. Thank you and enjoy :), Paula Swift Photography ŠĘ2012
Framingham, MA 
508.405.1816, Paula Swift Photography, Inc. © 2011
Framingham, MA, Thank you to everyone who came in this weekend for Open studios! What a great weekend it was. I have a lot of emails and calls that came in since Friday and need to return. I promise to be in contact with everyone by Tuesday... at the latest. :), Don't forget this weekend Friday April 27th through Sunday April 29th is the 16th Annual Open studios at Fountain Street Studios here in Framingham. Our studio will be open Friday evening 5:30-9:00pm and Sunday 11am-5pm. *We will be closed for due to an event on Saturday. There will be 50 artists showing their amazing work over the 3 day weekend open studios. Come in and say hi!

Visit here for more info...
http://fountainstreetstudios.com/openartist.php, Beautiful day ( this week has been amazing) here in Framingham. First outdoor session of the session with an adorable two year and his family; then hung a gallery of my framed photographs at the Starbucks on Rt. 9 here in Framingham ( Whole Foods Plaza).  This show is through Amazing Things Arts Center at their satellite gallery. Come on by now through May 25th to grab a cup of coffee and see my work. Thanks :), A boy and his dog...what can be any more cuter?
http://www.paulaswift.com/blog/charlestown-child-photographer-boston-family-photographer, Paula Swift Photography © 2012
Framingham, MA 
508.405.1816, Sweet baby boy with his "big sister" :)
http://www.paulaswift.com/blog/wayland-family-photographer-boston-baby-photographer, Mark your calendars for the annual  2012 Fountain Street Open Studios Friday April 27th 5:30pm-9pm and Sunday April 29th 11am-5pm in Framingham. The other studios will also be open on Saturday April 28th 11am-5pm but Paula Swift Photography will be CLOSED for an event we are attending. There will be over 50 artists showcasing their work and studios...we are one of the largest artist communities in Boston Metrowest.
 Hope to see all of you there! :)
www.fountainstreetstudios.com for more info and directions, Another fun and beautiful outdoor session...
http://www.paulaswift.com/blog/boston-childrens-photographer-framingham-photographer, Gorgeous session!
http://www.paulaswift.com/blog/medway-family-photographer-framingham-photographer, Showcase of newborn photography sessions taken in our Framingham studio, on location in the Boston area and through out New England., Gorgeous morning for this beautiful family's session
http://www.paulaswift.com/blog/cambridge-childrens-photographer-boston-photographer, One of the best photography workshops I ever attended. If you have less than 3 yrs pro photography experience...APPLY!
http://www.eddieadamsworkshop.com/, Paula Swift Photography, Inc. © 2011
Framingham, MA 
508-405-1816, This session was so much fun and I can still hear the giggles coming from their children that day.
http://www.paulaswift.com/blog/belmont-photographer-ma-boston-childrens-photographer, A beautiful outdoor couples session in the historic streets of Boston last fall.
http://www.paulaswift.com/blog/boston-couples-photographer-outdoor-photography-session, Congratulations to ... Nichole Charron Zacek!
You have won our Spring Fever Outdoor Session Giveaway.
Send an email to paula@paulaswift.com so we can plan your outdoor session.
Thank you to everyone for entering. Please also send an email to paula@paulaswift.com with the subject line "Spring Fever Giveaway". You will be emailed a special gift towards a session for entering. Please email by March 23rd, 2012, Very exciting day today. Last day to enter the Spring Fever Giveaway and our local Patch featured Paula Swift Photography's recent photography competition ribbons.
Thanks Susan Petroni for the great article!
Check it out: http://framingham.patch.com/articles/framingham-photographer-wins-four-blue-two-red-ribbons, Two days left to enter the Spring Fever Free Outdoor Session Giveaway.  Remember only those who TAG themselves on the photo(s) featured on here will be entered. "Likes" will not be counted.  If you have any problems tagging please post here or message me for assistance. Good Luck Everyone!
http://www.paulaswift.com/blog/spring-fever-outdoor-photography-session-giveaway-framingham-photographer, Sweet little 4 month old who took a nap during her recent studio session., Going to be 70 today!  Only 4 more days left to enter the Spring Fever Outdoor Session Giveaway!

http://www.paulaswift.com/blog/spring-fever-outdoor-photography-session-giveaway-framingham-photographer, Good Morning everyone!  Did that spring ahead one hour throw anyone else off? :) Just a reminder to enter the Spring Fever Giveway you need to TAG yourself on one of the photos, not like it. To tag you enlarge adn then click Tag Photo, click anywhere on the photo.  I don't think you can Tag a photo from you iPhone or iPad ...yet., Paula Swift Photography, Inc. © 2011
Framingham, MA 
508-405-1816, "Spring Fever Outdoor Session Giveaway" photo to TAG.
Please LIKE our page first ( if you haven't already/not the photo) then enlarge this image and TAG Photo anywhere to be entered. 
More info on this awesome giveaway on the 
BLOG: http://www.paulaswift.com/blog/spring-fever-outdoor-photography-session-giveaway-framingham-photographer, 69 degrees out on March 8th!  Who has Spring Fever too?
Check out the blog for a chance to win a free outdoor session and $500 print credit.
http://www.paulaswift.com/blog/spring-fever-outdoor-photography-session-giveaway-framingham-photographer, Spring Fever Giveaway Image to Tag
Tag this image and share to be entered in our Spring Fever Free Outdoor Session Giveaway
Click on the Image to Enlarge it and then you will see the TAG PHOTO option., Anyone up for a free outdoor photography session?
Check this out... :)
http://www.paulaswift.com/blog/spring-fever-outdoor-photography-session-giveaway-framingham-photographer, Loved this outdoor family family session last fall!
http://www.paulaswift.com/blog/framingham-outdoor-photographer-metrowest-photography, null, PPAM - Professional Photographers of Massachusetts 2012 Print Competition Awards. 4 Blue Ribbons and 2 Red Ribbons, Paula Swift Photography, Inc. © 2011
Framingham, MA 
508-405-1816, Beach session from last fall revisited..it was my last one of the year and so much fun!
http://www.paulaswift.com/blog/ma-beach-photographer-swampscott-photographer, Beautiful high school senior session from last fall...what a gorgeous evening it was for her session!, Posting this on my business page because I know there are Pros here.
FYI: Camera Gear I have for sale..Canon and Nikon.
I have it listed on my blog since it will be easier to show photos and edit as they sell. All my gear is clean and sharp. I have an overload of gear( 8 bodies and 20 lenses...time to sell duplicates and gear I just don't use)
http://www.paulaswift.com/blog/camera-gear-sale, Paula Swift Photography, Inc. © 2011
Framingham, MA 
508-405-1816, I have loved watching this family and their children grow over the past 4 years
, Sleepy little "peanut" from last summer, Paula Swift Photography, Inc. © 2011
Framingham, MA 
508-405-1816, Adorable outdoor sibling and family session , Paula Swift Photography, Inc. © 2011
Framingham, MA
508-405-1816, This was such a fun session with this little "man"!, Featuring a beautiful outdoor session from last summer, The first ever Best of 2011 Photography feature. What a busy year it was and I now how behind I from blogging..the last session blogged was from a shoot from July  ( oh boy)
, Happy New Year everyone! 
Here are my three ( not so little) inspirations from our annual fall shoot. Hope everyone has a safe New Years and I look forward to seeing you in 2012!, Paula Swift Photography, Inc. © 2011
Framingham, MA 
508-405-1816, Paula Swift Photography, Inc. © 2011
Framingham, MA 
508-405-1816, Paula Swift Photography, Inc. © 2011
Framingham, MA 
508-405-1816, It received the highest honor of Loan Collection at the Professional Photographers of American International Image Competition in 2010- PPA features their Loan Collections in their magazine. A huge honor to have this image chosen for their monthly Folio Feature. 
http://www.ppmag.com/current_issue/, Paula Swift Photography, Inc. © 2011
Framingham, MA 
508-405-1816, Paula Swift Photography, Inc. © 2011Framingham, MA 508-405-1816, Check out this month's baystateparent Magazine coming out December 1st!  Featuring the beautiful Skylar, photos taken in our Framingham studio in November. , Paula Swift Photography, Inc. © 2011
Framingham, MA 
508-405-1816, Paula Swift Photography, Inc. © 2011
Framingham, MA 
508-405-1816, Paula Swift Photography, Inc. © 2011
Framingham, MA 
508-405-1816, Paula Swift Photography, Inc. © 2011
Framingham, MA 
508-405-1816, Paula Swift Photography, Inc. © 2011Framingham, MA 508-405-1816, Paula Swift Photography, Inc. © 2011
Framingham, MA
www.paulaswift.com, Feel free to tag yourself in your images. Tag individual images, not the whole album. This will allow just your images appear on your private page. Please keep logo intact to protect copyright. Thank you and enjoy :), Paula Swift Photography, Inc. © 2011
Framingham, MA
www.paulaswift.com, Just a quick check in we've been without power/heat since 8pm last night. Not sure when we will get it back, NStar has not given us an ETA.  Bear with me if I'm unable to email you back and galleries go live a few days late., Hope you don't mind me sharing a personal family photo....Exciting night for my hockey family of boys ( all 4 of them :) ) ...The Stanley Cup came to visit Framingham.  I know many of you hockey fans and families will appreciate the excitement in my home when we heard it was coming to visit my boys home rink. Waiting in line for a few hours was well worth seeing my boys eyes light up when they got to see The Cup in person., Shhh...my little brother is sleeping. Such a cute session with a 2 yr old and his 3 week old baby brother.

http://www.paulaswift.com/blog/worcester-newborn-photographer-framingham-photography-studio-2/boston-photographer, A playful engagement session..., Paula Swift Photography, Inc. © 2011
www.paulaswift.com
Framingham, MA, null, Paula Swift Photography, Inc. © 2011
www.paulaswift.com
Framingham, MA, A sweet little "big" sister with her new baby brother, Paula Swift Photography, Inc. © 2011
Framingham, MA 
508.405.1816, Beautiful beach session from this past summer..trying to catch up on the blog :), Paula Swift Photography, Inc. © 2011
www.paulaswift.com
Framingham, MA, Paula Swift Photography, Inc. © 2011
Framingham, MA 
508.405.1816, Paula Swift Photography, Inc. © 2011
Framingham, MA
www.paulaswift.com, One more reminder that September and October are almost fully booked. I will be closing my 2011 calendar probably by the middle of next week at this rate. November 6th, 2011 is the fall/holiday session deadline. Your session must be photographed by that date to guarantee portraits, cards, albums, books etc in time for the holidays.  Thank you everyone for keeping so busy photographing all your beautiful children and families this year. Its been another amazing year!, <3 this session. I am still in awe on how cooperative these three were together; 2.5, 1.5 and a few weeks old can be a tough age together but not these "pros" :), Paula Swift Photography, Inc. © 2011
Framingham, MA 
508.405.1816, Happy Labor Day weekend!  Just a reminder Fall Photography Sessions are booking up fast..September is almost full and October is getting there quickly. If you are looking for fall or holiday sessions remember November 6th is the last session date to guarantee your portraits, holiday cards and albums back in time for the holidays. Visit my website calendar on my website here to see what's left: www.paulaswift.com, Beautiful outdoor newborn session...many more to come :), Checking in everyone sorry been a bit MIA...just back from vacation to welcome "Irene" and no power since this morning. Thankfully we just got it back... though lots of trees down in my area. I hope everyone is safe from the storm.  Will be returning emails tomorrow and calls in the next few days., Fun outdoor session in Boston, Lots of new babies and new big sisters/brothers this summer :), Family Session at sunset on beach in MA

Paula Swift Photography, Inc. © 2011
www.paulaswift.com
Framingham, MA 
508-405-1816, Clients feel free to tag yourself in your images. Tag individual images, not the whole album. This allow just your images appear on your page. Please keep logo intact to protect copyright. Thank you and enjoy :), Paula Swift Photography, Inc. © 2011
www.paulaswift.com
Framingham, MA, Clients feel free to tag yourself in your images. Tag individual images, not the whole album. This allow just your images appear on your page. Please keep logo intact to protect copyright. Thank you and enjoy :), and here is their new baby boy ( from maternity session featured a few days ago) :), Beautiful expectant couple from earlier this spring, time to catch up on the blog ..such a cutie!, Here's one of my favorites from our trip..Old Orchard Beach, Maine - Palace Playland at sunset, Back from vacation with my family. Will be returning all emails/calls in the next 24 hrs. Hope everyone had a great 4th holiday.  The weather has been amazing!  Congrats to all those new babies born over the past week and a half!  Can't wait to meet all of them. :), Only a two sessions left in July and a few more in August ...if you want a summer session don't wait too much longer. Those limited time Outdoor Minis are almost all booked too!  Its crazy but great!, Clients feel free to tag yourself in your images. Tag individual images, not the whole album. This allow just your images appear on your page. Please keep logo intact to protect copyright. Thank you and enjoy :), null, So excited 3 out of 4 of my entries were accepted and awarded in the annual International Photographic Competition. One received the highest recognition Loan title and the other two in the General Collection merit category. This is so exciting!!!, Another one of my little clients became a big brother this spring!  , Paula Swift Photography, Inc. © 2011
www.paulaswift.com
Framingham, MA, Clients feel free to tag yourself in your images. Tag individual images, not the whole album. This allow just your images appear on your page. Please keep logo intact to protect copyright. Thank you and enjoy :), Beautiful outdoor and in studio maternity session, A fun maternity session with a 2 year old...love these type of sessions!, null, Found this photograph today during a photo shoot at Cushing Memorial Park in Framingham.  First thought was that it could be from the tornado, since debris has been found this far out or a local Framingham family. Please feel free to share this image  so we can find the owner and get the photo back to them., Please consider donating to the Western and Central Mass Red Cross to help those affected by the June 1st tornadoes: http://www.redcrosscwm.org/general_calltoaction.asp?CTA=5&SN=6615&OP=6616&IDCapitulo=B55LB113WJ  or The Food Back of Western Mass: http://www.foodbankwma.org/take-action/donate/, Keeping friends and clients in our prayers out in the Springfield , Westfield, Monson, Brimfield and Sturbridge areas after the tornadoes yesterday.  I was in Westfield just hours before those hit for a session. I grew up in the Springfield area and seeing all the damage on the news is just so devastating!, 4 month old studio session
Paula Swift Photography, Inc. © 2011
Framingham, MA 
www.paulaswift.com, Paula Swift Photography, Inc. © 2011
Framingham, MA
www.paulaswift.com, Maine Beach Photography Session Special Announced with dates!, Beautiful expectant couple, Very sleepy and precious one week old baby boy, Such a fun session with this 10 year old in the studios, Paula Swift Photography, Inc. © 2011
Framingham, MA 
www.paulaswift.com, Fun 9 month old session..love seeing my little newborn clients grow over the year, Adorable 4 month old that made me smile :), more new babies :), the baby boom continues :), null, Congratulations to Mary Elizabeth Bloom who won a complimentary outdoor family session and 11x14 from the Open Studios this past weekend.  Email has been sent to you.  Looking forward to photographing your family soon!  

Stay tuned for more catching up on my blog. Sorry for the delay..so much shooting going on its hard to keep up with the blog, null, Open Studios are 2 days away!  Come visit Paula Swift Photography and 50 other artists who open their doors for this 3 day event.  There will be a free outdoor session give away this weekend too...but you have to visit the studio to enter. :), null, Just back from our annual state photography convention...  I received my Photographic Degree of Excellence and received 1 blue and 5 red ribbons during the print competition. I will share the photos soon., An in home baby session in Worcester...loved that his Great Grandmother was there too!, Open Studios is coming April 8th, 9th and 10th. Come visit all the amazing artists and the new Fountain Street Fine Arts Gallery, It seems my email server has been down for the past 12 plus hours.  We are trying to fix it, but if anyone has sent an email since Saturday March 19th evening and you haven't heard back from me. Please resend your email to paulaswift@gmail.com  I'm hoping my hosting company can figure out what is going on very soon., Paula Swift Photography, Inc. © 2011
www.paulaswift.com
Framingham, MA, A fun sibling and family studio session, A very sweet 5 month old, A fun studio session with two brothers, Beautiful newborn baby girl and adorable big brother session :), Save the Date!    Fountain Street Studios Open Studios is 1 month away. Friday April 8th 5:30-9 pm and Sat/Sun April 9th/10th 11am-5pm
Over 50 resident artists and visiting artists open their studio doors all weekend. Come see the new art gallery that has opened on the first floor Fountain Street Fine Art. I'll be there all weekend :), null, Clients feel free to tag yourself in your images. Tag individual images, not the whole album. This allow just your images appear on your page. Please keep logo intact to protect copyright. Thank you and enjoy :), Here is the Gold winning baystateparent Magazine 2010 March Cover of 2 week old "Bear" Brody. He turned one this past January and is as cute as can be., Such an adorable big sister, new little sister -  newborn session, null, An honor to be part of PPA's See the Difference Campaign on hiring a professional photographer for your portraits and weddings. The second image in the video is mine and was selected as a Loan Collection in the 2010 Interntational Print Competition., Clients feel free to tag yourself in your images. Tag individual images, not the whole album. This allow just your images appear on your page. Please keep logo intact to protect copyright. Thank you and enjoy :), Paula Swift Photography, Inc. © 2011
www.paulaswift.com
Framingham, MA, Paula Swift Photography, Inc. © 2011
Framingham, MA
www.paulaswift.com, This was a gorgeous location with vibrant fall color and an adorable family this past fall, Love doing in home sessions..they offer such a unique look to personalize their newborn session, Clients feel free to tag yourself in your images. Tag individual images, not the whole album. This allow just your images appear on your page. Please keep logo intact to protect copyright. Thank you and enjoy :), Another beautiful family fall session..wish I could speed up Mother Nature to see grass and leaves again :), What a sweet little teddy bear newborn :), A beautiful fall session with a fun family, Another one of my little clients became a big sister last fall. Such an adorable session..., January is now booked but I still have dates open in February ..busy year so far. Even booking summer beach sessions already, Two beautiful sessions... Maternity and Newborn, Very moving and story-telling images of the Tuscon Tragedy by my sister Gina Ferazzi a LA Times photographer. She is my inspiration and the reason why I became a photographer., Paula Swift Photography, Inc. © 2011
Framingham, MA 
www.paulaswift.com, Paula Swift Photography, Inc. © 2011
Framingham, MA 
www.paulaswift.com, Paula Swift Photography, Inc. © 2011
Framingham, MA 
www.paulaswift.com, Children and Family session in the snow.
 January 2011

Paula Swift Photography, Inc. © 2011
Framingham, MA
www.paulaswift.com, Paula Swift Photography, Inc. © 2010
www.paulaswift.com
Framingham, MA, null, I think I am almost into October sessions...catching up one day at a time. :), Allies's one year photo shoot

Paula Swift Photography, Inc. © 2010
Framingham, MA
www.paulaswift.com, Amazing little boy, who has a special place in my heart <3, Happy New Year everyone!  Its going to be an amazing year.  Today is 1/1/11 Make a wish! :), null, Merry Christmas, Happy Holidays and a very Happy New Year everyone!, null, Finally catching up again on my blog after the busiest fall/holiday photography season ever. Thank you everyone!, http://boston.cityvoter.com/paula-swift-photography-inc/biz/580642?r=short, I have three sons who many of you hear about during our photography sessions. Here are some photos of them over the years. If it weren't for these 3 little guys I may have never left the Photojournalism world and opened Paula Swift Photography, Inc. studio., Paula Swift Photography, Inc. © 2010
www.paulaswift.com
Framingham, MA, Paula Swift Photography, Inc. © 2010
Framingham, MA 
www.paulaswift.com, Boston Public Gardens Session
Paula Swift Photography, Inc. © 2010
www.paulaswift.com
Framingham, MA, Paula Swift Photography, Inc. @ 2010
Framingham, MA 
www.paulaswift.com, Paula Swift Photography, Inc. © 2010
Framingham, MA 
www.paulaswift.com, Paula Swift Photography, Inc. © 2010
www.paulaswift.com
Framingham, MA, Paula Swift Photography, Inc. © 2010
www.paulaswift.com
Framingham, MA, Finally catching up...watch for images from your sessions to be uploaded on Facebook. Feel free to tag your images to share with your family and friends on your own page., 3 year old outdoor photography session
Paula Swift Photography, Inc. © 2010
Framingham, MA
www.paulaswift.com, his first "official" photo shoot in the studio at 3.5 months, I will never forget this night 11 years ago and the weeks after, when six brave Worcester firefighters died in this cold storage warehouse fire. Never forget..., Popping to say Hi everyone and I promise lots of updates and photo postings from your sessions, so you can tag yourselves. Just need to get through this crazy holiday session rush. Thanks for a "Like" on our business page and stay tuned! 

PS don't forget session fees in January and February are 20% off. All full photography sessions ( not minis) are 20% off if photographed in Jan/Feb., null, null, Don't forget about your little trick or treaters who have food allergies on Halloween. Dairy, Egg, Peanut, Wheat, Gluten, Soy and Tree Nut allergies are the most common allergies.
Its great to have an alternative for those kiddos :) Stickers, small toys, pencils
Kids love them
Such a scary night for parents with kids with... these allergies :(, null, null, Great way to start the day...the rainbow leads to my studio. See some of you there today. :), null, All Holiday Photo session appointments are booked for 2010 ( thank you) Still booking  November and December sessions...with the understanding your portraits will not be done in time for the holidays., Paula Swift Photography, Inc. © 2010
www.paulaswift.com
Framingham, MA, Only few dates left in October and November before our November 12th holiday deadline. Sessions must be booked by that date to guarantee portraits in time for the holidays., Finally a new blog post..many more to come :), Paula Swift Photography, Inc. © 2010
www.paulaswift.com
Framingham, MA, Tara with her daughter Ava during their fun cover shoot for baystateparent magazine's Think Pink Oct. 2010 issue.

Paula Swift Photography, Inc. © 2010
www.paulaswift.com
Framingham, MA, October 2010 baystateparent Magazine cover featuring Tara and her daughter Ava photography by Paula Swift Photography., Check out this month's baystateparent magazine...their October Think Pink issue with beautiful Tara and her very adorable daughter Ava. It was an honor to meet them and photograph them for this amazing issue on breast cancer., I finally found the new link to our NECN segment from fall 2009 on Tips for Perfecting that Holiday Photo, null, Sorry about the spammer today ...if you spam my page you will be removed / blocked and reported to Facebook. Thanks :), Thank you for all your votes!  We won Boston's Best Family Photographer by Nickelodeon's Parents Connect!!!!, Paula Swift Photography, Inc. © 2010
www.paulaswift.com
Framingham, MA, Paula Swift Photography, Inc. © 2010
www.paulaswift.com
Framingham, MA, A fun 2yr old and 2 month old session..they were so sweet together!, Sweet newborn baby girl, Paula Swift Photography, Inc. © 2010
www.paulaswift.com
Framingham, MA, A fun outdoor family and twins session..., Paula Swift Photography, Inc. © 2010
www.paulaswift.com
Framingham, MA, Paula Swift Photography, Inc. @ 2010
Framingham, MA 
www.paulaswift.com, another fun baby session!, Fun One Year Old Session, Paula Swift Photography, Inc. © 2010
www.paulaswift.com
Framingham, MA, Senior Portrait Season is in full swing, null, In home newborn session from June ( so behind on my blog), Finally catching up on my blog...another beach session, null, My sister Gina's photo blog at the LA Times...and the person behind the why and how I got bit by the photography bug. Taught me how to develop and print in the darkroom she built in our basement when I was 13 and gave me my first 35mm SLR. Check it out :), Paula Swift © 2010
www.paulaswift.com, Paula Swift © 2010
www.paulaswift.com, Finally working on the other side of the studio! For those of you who have seen it..we put a door in from the changing room ( that will lock for privacy) added a dedicated office and a 2nd shooting area to come. That is an additional 950 sq ft added to the 1000 we already have! Images to come soon :), 4 week old and big sister studio session, null, Fun 3 month old studio session, Just a few sessions left in August if any of you have been wanting to book. Let me know ASAP.  Sept, Oct and Nov are looking nice and open. :), Smiley Newborn Baby Session, null, null, I made it to the top Five come vote for Paula Swift Photography until 8/31/10 as the Best Boston Family Photographer..thank you!, null, null, Paula Swift Photography, Inc. @ 2010
Framingham, MA 
www.paulaswift.com, null, null, null, null, null, Paula Swift Photography, Inc. © 2010
www.paulaswift.com
, Went to the book signing last night here in Framingham. So cool to see my studio in this book amongst 70 plus other creative minds in the book. Very neat history behind the 100 year building my studio is located in. Thanks Lynne for putting this together..., null, 5 days old in studio newborn session
Paula Swift Photography, Inc. © 2010
www.paulaswift.com, null, null, Paula Swift Photography, Inc © 2010
www.paulaswift.com, Paula Swift Photography, Inc © 2010
www.paulaswift.com, null, null, null, null, Paula Swift Photography, Inc © 2010
www.paulaswift.com, Paula Swift Photography, Inc © 2010
www.paulaswift.com, Paula Swift Photography has been nominated by Nickelodeon Parents Connect as one of Boston's Best Family Photographer..Please add your vote too :), null, null, null, null, Went with family to visit friends and cheer on runners in the 114th Boston Marathon.
It was great to be a spectator rather than newspaper photographer documenting the event. What an incredible inspiration watching those who ran today., Check out Behind the scenes of the recent My Little Pakora children's clothing shoot in the studio on the MLP blog, Thank you everyone who came to visit Fountain Street Open Studios this weekend!   It was a fantastic weekend and great seeing all of you!, Hallway display of 16x20s that spans between both studio spaces..about 50 feet in length. Come and visit :), Ready for Open Studios with a new feature on my door...I will be showcasing a featured session image outside of it. This week's session is a 2 week old Viella., Spring cleaning for this Weekend's Open Studios...one of the elves hard at work :), Spring cleaning for Open Studios..I put 2 of my elves to work :), Come visit Paula Swift Photography and the other Fountain Street Studios this weekend for our Annual Open Studios, Sneak Peek from Ava and Matthew's Family Session

Paula Swift Photography, Inc. @ 2010
Framingham, MA 
www.paulaswift.com, null, null, null, Fountain Street Studios Open Studios are coming up soon. Friday April 9th 6-9pm,  Saturday April 10th 11am-5pm and Sunday April 11th 11am-5pm.
Please come by and visit Paula Swift Photography along with incredible artists and their studios, null, Sharing a fun display we just hung in our family room of our three boys. 20x30s and 11x14s gallery wrap canvases. Still can't believe they cooperated for this shoot for me solo last fall. I needed to hang and display for all to see. :), null, null, Professional Photographers of Massachusetts Annual Print Competition Print awards., I was recently interviewed by Epson's Fotoflock about my Portrait and Photojournalism work. You can read it online here..., baystateparent Magazine March cover featuring "Bear" one of my little clients.
He was so sweet at just 2 weeks old., Thank you to baystateparent Magazine for choosing one of my sweet newborn clients for the cover. "Bear" is his nickname..how perfect!, 1995-2005 I was a staff photographer at the Worcester Telegram & Gazette in Worcester, Mass. Here is a taste of some of my favorite work., null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, Clients feel free to tag yourself in your images. Tag individual images, not the whole album. This allow just your images appear on your page. Please keep logo intact to protect copyright. Thank you and enjoy :), null, null, null, null, null, null, Paula Swift Photography, Inc. © 2009
www.paulaswift.com
Framingham, MA, null, null, null, www.paulaswift.com
Paula Swift Photography, Inc. © 2009, null, null, null, null, Remembering the Worcester 6- six brave Worcester, MA Firefighters who died in a warehouse fire 10 yrs ago. You can see an incredible recap on the Telegram & Gazette website here: http://www.telegram.com/apps/pbcs.dll/section?Category=WAREHOUSEFIRE
Some of my images from that night and days following are featured as well, his first "official" photo shoot in the studio at 3.5 months, null, Paula Swift Photography, Inc. @ 2009
Framingham, MA 
www.paulaswift.com, null, Paula Swift Photography, Inc. © 2009
www.paulaswift.com
Framingham, MA, Holiday Stroll at the Fountain Street Studios this Friday Nov. 13th 6-9pm and Saturday Nov 14th 11am-5pm. Come visit Paula Swift Photography and other amazing artists!, Come see Paula Swift featured on NECN this morning with Leslie Gaydos talking about holiday portraits
http://www.necn.com/, Paula Swift Photography, Inc. © 2009
www.paulaswift.com, null, The reason why I left Photojournalism and entered the world of children and family photography is because of these little guys..though back then it was just one..they have multiplied :) Here are some photos of my 3 boys...more to come ..., From Cape Cod to Southern Maine, null, null, null, 2 week old Brayden

Paula Swift Photography, Inc. © 2009
www.paulaswift.com, null, null, null,  http://www.fountainstreetstudios.com/events.html,  http://www.paulaswift.com/blog/?p=2003, null, Pick up the October Issue of baystateparent Magazine...great issue on Breast Cancer survivors. Cover image shot by Paula Swift Photography, Inc. as well as some inside images., null, null, null, Drakes Island, Wells Beach Maine

Paula Swift Photography, Inc. © 2009
Framingham, MA
www.paulaswift.com, null, null, Alex' one year photo shoot

Paula Swift Photography, Inc. © 2009
Framingham, MA
www.paulaswift.com, Summer beach sessions , Clients feel free to tag yourself in your images. Tag individual images, not the whole album. This allow just your images appear on your page. Please keep logo intact to protect copyright. Thank you and enjoy :), Rangefinder Magazine which is an incredible magazine for professional photographers is looking to feature 5 Unsung Heros..feel free to nominate your favorite photographer :)
http://www.rangefindermag.com/contest/unsungheros.html, Clients feel free to tag yourself in your images. Tag individual images, not the whole album. This allow just your images appear on your page. Please keep logo intact to protect copyright. Thank you and enjoy :), Ms. Brooke 11 days old but early ..she wasn't even due to arrive when I got to photograph her .

Paula Swift Photography, Inc. © 2009
www.paulaswift.com
Framingham, MA, Ms. Brooke 11 days old but early ..she wasn't even due to arrive when I got to photograph her .

Paula Swift Photography, Inc. © 2009
www.paulaswift.com
Framingham, MA, Paula Swift Photography, Inc. © 2009
Framingham, MA
www.paulaswift.com, I received 2 blue ribbons and 2 reds.
The blue ribbons received the seal of approval to go right to the National PPA competition in May 2010., null, null, http://www.paulaswift.com/blog/?p=1715, null, null, null, null, Ever since I started in photography I have had an obsession with the abstract art of silhouettes. Even at the newspaper I would try to sneak on in weekly. Here are some of my favs...more to come keep on checking back., Ever since I started in photography I have had an obsession with the abstract art of silhouettes. Even at the newspaper I would try to sneak on in weekly. Here are some of my favs...more to come keep on checking back., Yay our page is back online..sharing another blog post!, Gorgeous Family Beach Session | Beach Photographer MA, Lexington High School Senior Portraits | Senior Photographer MA, Trying to catch up my blog
Twins Family shoot in Wellesley back in June, null, The Annual Swift Boys Photo Shoot
http://www.paulaswift.com/blog/?p=1384, Beautiful night for a gorgeous family. 
Here are some sneak peeks into their session. Lots more to come :), Visit our website, Visit our blog)