List(Irish car bomb!, It's actually warm enough for us to stand outside and take this picture! #Spring, null, Because it's Tuesday., A great montage of the festivities in Dublin today to mark the 1916 Rising by RTE. Come on in and see a copy of the famous 1916 Proclamation for yourself behind our bar!, Happy Easter!, We have a birthday coming up! #CheersTo40Years, Head over to Hurricane's on March 31st to meet Nancy Kerrigan and support the Officer Garrett Swasey Memorial Fund!, A cool shot courtesy of @_sriley! Thanks!, How's your day going?, Still recovering from the weekend? We can help with that! 🍻, Who said the weekend is over?!  Live music all night. Get over here now..., Honored to be included with a list of some other great pubs! Thanks Boston.com!

http://www.boston.com/food-dining/2016/03/17/amazing-irish-pubs-boston/2NlYd1Iq5GnnQoMK4IM4IP/story.html?p1=feature_sec_hp&s_campaign=bcom%3Asocialflow%3Afacebook, Have you checked out our Irish whiskey collection? From longstanding distilleries to newcomers and small craft distilleries, we're showcasing what the homeland does best!

Thank you Boston Herald for spreading the word!


http://www.bostonherald.com/lifestyle/food_beverage/2016/03/emerald_isle_s_booming_craft_whiskeys_coming_to_our_shores, Did you guys see our Snapchat filter yet? Come in and geotag your snaps!, It's our birthday this year! Thank you to the The Boston Globe for an amazing write up of our history. #CheersTo40Years


http://www.bostonglobe.com/lifestyle/style/2016/03/15/the-black-rose-the-fenway-park-irish-pubs-celebrates-years/mlyuwruwzVfT5rJ7dOUopN/story.html?event=event25, One more day! ☘ #stpatricksday, null, Only two more days until our favorite day of the year!, The celebrations are starting early! We've live music today starting at 4pm and then two more bands starting at 9.30!, Lots of choices but we know where you want to be.., A gift from Ireland to the world download it for free, null, Let the season begin Corned Beef, red bliss potatoes, carrot & parsnip mash roasted Brussels Sprouts. Wash it down with your favorite Irish beverage., Our new Guinness mural!, Come by for some live music!, Cheers!, Corned beef & cabbage spring rolls are our favorite!, It's almost that time of year again... 🍀, Thanks to WBZ | CBS Boston for including us in their round up! Come in and join us for a Hot Toddy on this chilly winter day! 

http://boston.cbslocal.com/top-lists/bostons-best-irish-whiskey-cocktails/, null, Bread pudding for lunch? 😍, Check out the Rare Day event happening at our sister restaurant Brownstone tonight!, Paddy's Day on our mind!, A great shot of what's on tap by Kyle Fitzsimmons!, Slainte!, Cheers to Thursday!, The perfect solution to this rainy day ☕️, Stop by for some live music tonight!, Pop in and pick up something green to wear for St.Patrick's Day! There's less than a month to go 🍀🍻, Wouldn't you rather be here? 🍻, A picture of the Highland Dancers at our Scottish Networking Reception last week!, Our one and only true love this Valentine's Day., Scotch, bourbon, Irish whiskey, Canadian whisky, rye... what does it all mean?! 


https://www.thrillist.com/vice/rye-vs-bourbon-vs-scotch-whiskey-types-explained-guide-to-different-types-of-whisky-whiskey, Feeling a bit under the weather? Why not pop in for a Hot Toddy after work!, #TBT to St. Paddy's Day. Can't come soon enough!, Just showin' a little love to one of our newer whiskeys, Egan's Irish Whiskey. Check it out next time you're in!, When you need to warm up but also need a beer., Happy Birthday to Brendan Behan born today February 9th 1923. Come on in and raise a pint or two for him, Yes, we are open! Come join us for a pint!, If your looking for a place to watch the Super Bowl, check out our sister restaurant Clerys Super Bowl party http://ow.ly/Y1ZWZ, Bring on the snow tomorrow! We've got plenty of Jameson to get us through the storm., Excited to host The Quiet Man - Irish Whiskey launch party this evening! We love adding new Irish Whiskeys to our portfolio. Stop by soon to try it out!, All that's missing from this picture is the #Guinness 🍻🍵🍗, #Bostoncreampie for lunch, anyone? 🍮, Wishing we were there right now! #Ireland http://ow.ly/Xp5RY, It's too cold out, come warm up with a #guinness 🍺🌬❄️, Breathtaking video of what Ireland really looks like!!!!, http://www.huffingtonpost.co.uk/tara-povey/irish-phrases_b_8904976.html, Amazing trip through the sight of Dublin from 1916 to today, We've got just what you need to end this Monday!, You can get your weekly serving of the latest superfood each and every weekend with breakfast at The Black Rose., Daydreaming of Dublin 💭💭💭, Host your holiday party with us!, A different #Jameson for each day of the work week! Perfect!, Looking to catch #UFC195 tonight? Get to Sports Grille Boston tonight before 9:30 for FREE cover!, Last chance to get your NYE tickets! #NYE2016 #NYEBoston http://ow.ly/WtvEH, 50 Tickets still Available, Two live bands on two floors, champagne toast at Midnight. Tickets on Eventbrite at: http://ow.ly/Wqajs, Looking for New Year's Day brunch plans? Check out our sister restaurants!, Get your tickets for NYE today! http://ow.ly/Wqajs, Come by for a live band and a champagne toast this New Years! http://ow.ly/WnUBN, Join us for drinks and live Irish music tonight! The kitchen will be closed but the Guinness will be flowing!, As tradition the bar will be open on Christmas at 6pm with live music starting at 9pm!, Still looking for a last minute gift? All e-gift cards are 20% off! https://t.co/pwtNqcrYWh, Last minute sale - get 20% off e-gift cards now thru Christmas! Valid at all TEN locations! https://goo.gl/3J3Uuu, Ring in the New Year the Irish way!
Get your tickets here -----> blackroseNYE2016.eventbrite.com, http://ow.ly/VICR4, Come watch the B's vs the Habs with us tonight!, Thank you, Loraine, for all of your hard work these past 25 years with the Glynn Hospitality Group. We are forever grateful for your tireless work ethic and positive outlook!, The holidays are getting close, get your shopping done now! http://ow.ly/VqNxm, Come by and watch the Patriots with us!, #TGIF, Let us make your holiday shopping a little easier this year! http://ow.ly/VqK0U, null, Get your holiday shopping done early! Our gift cards can be used at all 10 locations! http://ow.ly/ViFvW, #CyberMonday is here! Get this deal before it's gone! http://ow.ly/VhJpT, Cyber Monday deals are here!, Ain't that right!, Happy Black Friday! Get a $10 bonus card for every $50 in gift cards purchased!, Happy thanksgiving folks come on down and have a drink we'll be opening at 6pm tonight, Happy Thanksgivine! Come by for some post dinner drinks!, Looking for a place to go after Thanksgiving dinner? We're open at 6pm for drinks only! :), Get a $10 bonus card for every $50 spent in gift cards!

Get your gift cards here: http://ow.ly/UYBN5, Who needs Black Friday? We're starting our sale NOW! http://ow.ly/UYBN5, Looking for quick easy holiday gifts this year? Our gift cards can be used at all 10 Glynn Hospitality Group restaurants!, Thanks to both Galway & Dublin for a great night at The Black Rose. Great game of hurling at Fenway and the celebrations continued late into the night on State St., Get your holiday shopping done early with our Glynn Hospitality Gift Cards! http://ow.ly/UMHap, The top 100 surnames in Ireland. Is your family name here?, Looking to score tickets to this weekend's #ShamrockSeries to watch the Boston College Eagles take on the Notre Dame Fighting Irish at Fenway Park? We've got you covered!
Head to our sister restaurant, Dillon's, TONIGHT to win free tickets!!, null, Still scrambling for a place to watch Ronda Rousey take on Holly Holm tomorrow night in #UFC193? Head over to our sister restaurant, Sports Grille Boston, to catch this historic UFC matchup! Doors open at 8 PM!, Your Chance to watch Super 11 Hurling at Fenway Park Tickets still available Sunday November 22nd, Come by for some football and a pint! #PatriotsvsRedskins #footballSunday, We're open early on Saturday & Sundays for the Premier League Games! Check out our special!, Halloween was EPIC!, It's not too late to RSVP for our Black Forest Halloween party tonight! No Cover! 

RSVP Here: http://ow.ly/TScab, Join us this Halloweekend!, Hungry?, We love all Guinness :), Still looking for Halloween plans? Look no further! Get FREE tickets before they're gone! 
http://ow.ly/TScab, null, That kind of a day raise a glass, Make sure you come see the Belfast Choir perform here tomorrow night!, null, Feeling thirsty? Head over to Granary Tavern for a Look Out Farms Tap Takeover all night long!, We're over this whole Monday thing... #WhereIsFriday #NotCloseEnough, More like when you wake up on Saturday morning! #HappySaturday, We're open early on Saturday and Sunday for the Premier League games! Come on in for our Irish Breakfast & Pint special!, That it is... #WeloveGuinness, Your almost there... #Friday #TGIF #GetMeOuttaHere, Looking for something to do tonight? The Rose has live music every night!, Looking for something to do next weekend? Check out the first annual Brunch Battle hosted by Gather. Our sister restaurant, Brownstone Boston , plans to take home the (pan)cake!

Get your tickets here: http://ow.ly/SW8hV, What sounds better for a hump day lunch than fish and chips as well as a lobster?! Nothing., We hear that if all this rain were snow, it'd be three feet deep! Feeling grateful we aren't looking like this right now!, We know it's only Tuesday, but everyday is a Guinness day! Stop by for a pint & a lobster roll! http://ow.ly/SNsau, Get your tickets for the AIG Fenway Hurling Classic& Irish Festival at Fenway! #Dublin #Galway http://ow.ly/SGF3A, Who else is excited to try the Guinness Nitro IPA? Soon we'll be one of the few Boston bars serving it!, For all the FSU fans looking for a safe place to Tomahawk Chop this weekend, check out The Black Rose!, Put it in your calendar. Galway V Dublin Hurling at Fenway Park, Saturday!, Who's ready for some football?!, null, I think we are all ready for some FOOTBALL!, These Rules also apply at The Black Rose, Forget the gym, just have a pint!, The Glynn Hospitality Group is hiring for all positions throughout all 10 of our locations! Front of house and back of house! Send resumes to info@irishconnection.com!, null, Live Irish music every night of the week!, View of Full Moon from the stage last night. Thanks to our resident "blue fiddle player", Happy 189th birthday Quincy Market! Oh how things have changed!, Fish and Chips on deck!, null, null, Looking for a place to watch the Premier League games? We're opening early every Saturday and Sunday all season long! 7:30 AM on Saturdays and 8:00 AM on Sundays!

Who's your favorite team?, Feeling a little thirsty after reading this one.. Do you have any Guinness facts to add?


http://www.buzzfeed.com/ailbhemalone/18-glorious-facts-about-guinness#.tk64X5Yy4Y, Forgot your T-Shirt while in town? Get one here!

http://www.glynnhospitalitygroup.com/store/, Sunday Funday anyone?, Lobsters love Guinness., We prefer whiskey, but the Irish are always willing to celebrate. #NationalTequilaDay, null, Some of these expressions might come in handy on your visit to The Black Rose, null, Raise a pint to celebrate! Enjoy your Independence Day, Join us on Sunday to cheer on USA!, Looks like it is going to be 73 and sunny on Thursday! Perfect for some cocktails and live music outside!, Join us on Sunday for our Summer Solstice Celebration!, https://twitter.com/paulw197/status/608102305796202496, Stop by this Saturday for the UCL Finals! Heineken will be here giving away a framed jersey!, Samuel Adams and Country 102.5 WKLB Boston want to meet you on the patio at Sterlings in downtown Boston!, Told you so....Swing by tonight to get your health kick started, Running in Boston's Run to Remember 5K or half marathon tomorrow? Bring your bib to the Black Rose afterwards for a complimentary cup of Boston's best clam chowder with your lunch or dinner purchase. 

We're just a quick 3K from the finish line, Do you think you have what it takes?, null, null, null, Come out and enjoy Cinco De Mayo at the Black Rose tonight. We have some great food and drink specials going on including a spicy pineapple margarita and some throwback Jose Macs menu items. Hope to see you here!, Join us today for our Cinco de Mayo Party starting at 7pm upstairs at  The Black Rose!, null, null, The Bulleit Bourbon Woody will be parked on our patio this Friday May 1st, from 5 to 7!! Please RSVP to vkesaris@unitedliquors.com too enjoy complimentary cocktails and apps! Derby attire is encouraged only a few spots left so book today!!, null, Celebrate Moms, Dads & Grads with our Give More, Get More! online gift card special!, Look who stopped by The Black Rose for lunch today! Best of luck to the Providence College Friars in tomorrows National Semifinals! Be sure to show your Providence College Men's Ice Hockey pride and join our friends at Hurricanes O'Reilly's for the Friars Pre/Post game headquarters!, Need a haircut? Come down to Dillon's this Saturday from 3-7pm and let us take care of that for you! You'll walk away looking great and feeling even better about being part of such a great cause!, Happy Easter from the Black Rose!  Enjoy dinner but leave room for a pint.. Music at 4pm and again at 9:30!, 99 Years ago in Dublin this week this is what was going on, Come on by today and try the latest product from our friends at Guinness, null, Pub crawl, Faneuil Hall style, to raise money for the Boston Marathon to support the Last Call Foundation honoring Firefighter Michael Kennedy and the BFD Boylston Street Firehouse runners. 

 RESERVE ONLINE AT: https://www.eventbrite.com/e/last-call-pub-crawl-tickets-16297580502#

 7 hours, 7 bars, followed by an after-party with raffles and food. The marathon isn't the only thing you should be training for.

 Entry is $25 and includes a pub crawl tee shirt. Order tee shirts in advance to guarantee you'll have the shirt in time to wear to the crawl., St. Patrick’s Day has come and gone, leaving us with very little Irish pride. “Honestly, we drank too much whiskey. We’re ready for our next adventure, like tequila,” says Operations Manager Vinny Polcari. Just in time for Cinco de Mayo, The Black Rose is rebranding itself at La Rosa, Boston’s Best Mexican inspired Tequila Bar. Goodbye corned beef, hello tacos. Join us as we embark on noche after noche of delicious Mexican food, drinks, and live entertainment. That’s right, La Rosa will update its entertainment schedule to host a live mariachi band every night. The restaurant is excited about all of the new changes, and is sure they’re on the right track to become Boston’s Best Tequila Bar., Join us at Dillon's Boston on April 1st from 6PM - 8PM as we celebrate the return of Boston 26.2 Brew!

All proceeds from Boston 26.2 Brew sold along the Marathon route will be donated to the Greg Hill Foundation, and at this event Dillon's will be donating .50 cents of every pint sold!

 Join us as we raise a pint #fortheloveofboston!, Cure the mid-week woes., Will this winter ever end? Feel free to join us by the fireplace tonight., We take our coffee Irish. St. Patrick's Day shenanigans lasts until 3/24!, Yeah, we're pretty authentic. We're not sure about you, but we've got a few more days to celebrate St. Patrick's Day. Join us through 3/24 for more shenanigans!, null, The Black Rose has the cure to your hangover! Guinness or Jameson and some great music with Tom O'Carroll from 5-8pm. C'mon down, you know you probably need to try and find your cell phone you lost here anyways :), null, Even the bouncers love Paddy's Day at the Rose!, Get here early! First 100 people receive a custom, engraved Guinness pint glass and an Irish breakfast sandwich., https://www.youtube.com/embed/DXifIS5pBi4

Happy St Patrick's Day from all at 60 State St., We take our Irish Whiskey pretty seriously. Join us for a shot this St. Patrick's Day!, This St. Patrick's Day, catch us doing a jig or two or three. We're have 3 bands perform throughout the course of the day!, We wonder if Liam would narrate next Tuesday at the Black Rose! If you are in Boston being here is the next best thing.., We have made it to the semifinals... vote now to get us into the final round!, St. Patrick's Day is in full swing and we're keeping the shenanigans going for two whole weeks. We've set the bar for Guinness pretty high, but can we top last year's total?, St. Patrick's Day deserves a two week celebration. Join us for a day of shenanigans 3/10-3/24!, Thank you to everyone who visited us along the Irish Pub Challenge! Don't forget to tag your friends!, Make sure to get here early!, null, Our favorite day of the year is only 2 weeks away!, Sign up for the Glynn Hospitality Group Newsletter to receive emails about upcoming events and specials being offered at all of our locations!, The Black Rose is nominated again for Boston A-List's St. Patrick's Day Showdown! Be sure to vote for us! Voting starts March 4th!

http://boston.cityvoter.com/bracket/st-patrick-s-day-showdown-2015/232, Check out our new #digoutdineout specials! Don't forget to support ALL restaurants in the city. Slainte, Only 18 shopping days left..., Join us tomorrow for 1/2 price apps till 5pm & $4 Jameson Irish Coffee #DigOutDineOut, The lights are on.  Opening at 11am. A little snow can't stop this mighty Rose!, Thanks to the Kells in Seattle for hanging our banner!  Looking forward to more pictures!, Valentine's Day is almost here! Give her what she really wants, a pint of Guinness at the Black Rose!, No T but we are here Guinness Beef Stew and a pint to wash it down. Seems like a perfect day to me, Clam Chowder & Irish Coffee
Open all day today, null, null, Check out the Black Rose and Granary Tavern today to get some warm food to chill your bones!, null, What do you think? Would you write a letter to give us your vote? Tell us about your great times at The Black Rose. The best stories will get a Black Rose t-shirt., Someone had to be the first ones here! #cuetheduckbosts, null, I guess the plumber that fixed our pipe wanted us to remember when it burst!    Congrats to the Patriots.  See you after the parade tomorrow for a nice Irish coffee :), FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE
Contact: Vinny Polcari, Operations Manager
Glynn Hospitality Group
vinny@irishconnection.com
Super Bowl Stakes: The Best Irish Bars in Boston and Seattle Show Support
Boston, MA, January 26, 2015 - On Super Bowl Sunday, there’s more than a trophy at stake. The Black
Rose, Boston’s best Irish bar, has challenged The Kells, Seattle’s best Irish bar, in the name of hometown pride.
Based on the outcome of the Super Bowl, one of these bars will be completely transformed for an entire day on Friday,
February 13, 2015. If the New England Patriots win, The Kells must transform itself into The Black Rose. If the Seattle
Seahawks win, The Black Rose must transform itself into the Kells. Outside, the losing bar must hang a banner that con
gratulates the winning team and signifies their name change. Inside, the staff must wear the winning bar’s uniform, serve
their opponent’s menu items, and show footage of the winning team. In the true spirit of Irish competition, we wish both
bars luck, and may the best team win!
www.blackroseboston.com | www.kellsirish.com/seattle
###, Now that Juno is behind us lets get on to serious business! Our Super Bowl bet with the Kells Irish Bar in Seattle!  Let's go Patriots and make the Kells turn into the Black Rose Boston on Feb 13th!, Thanks to Nadene, Aileen and Diana.  They worked all day yesterday AND opened the restaurant this morning!  We aren't afraid of a little snow, The view from inside is much better.  Opening soon!  Plenty of "Irish" for your coffee, We will be open tonight as long as the trains are still running but more importantly we will be open Tuesday at noon, bring your smiles for our staff  :), Classin' up the joint, null, Join us today and receive a cup of our award winning clam chowder for only $1!, Join us Jan 21st for National New England Clam Chowder Day, Jader cooks it, Kendra and Ashley serve it up!  Have your next event at the best irish bar in boston!, This is where it starts!  The Black Rose is its favorite place to end up..., null, Check out these boys this weekend! Direct from Ireland this coming Friday and Saturday night..., http://www.themcteggarts.com/, null, null, The old girl shines in the snow!, null, null, We are giving them champagne but we know they really want a Guinness....  Happy New Year!  🎉, null, Happy New Year! If you have not confirmed your plans for the night, we still have a few tickets available. Come join in the craic, listen to some live Irish music, and raise a pint to bring in the New Year!, We still have tickets left for our NYE celebration!!! Get yours tickets at blackroseNYE2015.eventbrite.com!!, We hope that everyone had a festive holiday and were able to enjoy some quality time with family and friends. If you have had your fill of Christmas tunes, join us tonight at The Black Rose for some authentic Irish music. We are open all day and live music with Sunday's Well and the McTeggart's starts at 9:30pm., Just like years past we will be open on Christmas at 6pm! So once you are done spending time with your loved ones come join us for a pint!, The Black Rose is right on the edge of the North End which has been listed as one of the Best Food Neighborhoods in America! They must know about our famous fish n' chips, pastrami sandwiches and our award-winning chowda'!, null, Raise a pint, sing along and join in the craic with the Black Rose staff, management and friends for New Year's., We've extended our Holiday Gift card sale until December 23rd so if you haven't finished your holiday shopping don't miss your chance for 20% off $50 or more on our online store!, Come Raise Your Glass at the Black Rose on Wednesday, Dec. 17th! Have a Guinness for a good cause - post a picture of you raising your glass on Facebook/Guinness or tag @GuinnessUS on twitter, and Guinness will make a $1 donation to Packages from Home., 'Tis the season to be ugly...well, to wear ugly that is. It's the Glynn Hospitality Ugly Sweater Pub Crawl this Friday December 19th which kicks off at the The Black Rose at 5pm!, Grab your tickets for our NYE celebration! Only $20!!, null, It's your last chance to get 20% off your online gift card purchase of $50 or more! Use Code: GLYNNGIFT before Monday, December 15th!

http://www.glynnhospitalitygroup.com/store/, Savas Studios is sponsoring a photo scavenger hunt. For all of your Instagram, Twitter and Facebook 'selfie' enthusiasts...time to put your skills to work. You could win up to $400 in prizing!, Hey all you last minute party planners! The Black Rose has some select dates available for functions with no minimum/room fees. email Rose@irishconnection.com for more info, Are you up to par with your knowledge of Irish Gaelic Christmas traditions? Nollaig Shona Duit., Love our city!, Did you know the Black Rose is literally just steps away from the Blink show in Faneuil Hall! After enjoying the show visit us for an Irish Coffee and some live Irish Music. 

A New Boston Tradition Is Born...Blink! 

Blink! - the state-of-the-art light & sound extravaganza that transforms every inch of America's first open marketplace - returns to Faneuil Hall Marketplace and Marketplace Center for a third year in November 2014. 

This magical and unforgettable light show uses over 350,000 LED lights to illuminate Boston's skyline - to the song stylings of the Holiday Pops - in a seven-minute spectacle that runs continuously each evening. 
The lights dance seamlessly to the music through every inch of Faneuil Hall, including the largest Christmas tree in the northeast, to create a spectacle not to be missed.

Performance Times 
Blink! runs every half hour beginning at 4:30 pm by "The Big Tree" on the East End and then runs every half hour beginning at 5:00 pm by "The Three Trees" in the North Market, From all of the Glynn Hospitality Group families, our managers and staff, we wish everyone the best of the season. We hope to clink a glass of cheers with everyone over the holidays! Sláinte mhaith!, Join us for our NYE celebration!, null, The tree will be lit tonight in Faneuil Hall Marketplace join us at The Black Rose for some good Irish fun!, A man of simple songs who likes to have fun... Mr. Jim Plunkett 
 will be at Hurricane O'Reilly's this Saturday Night!, null, Very cool!, The weather is starting to remind us that Christmas is on the way., A full day of Irish music at The Black Rose today at happy hour with Tom O'Carrol then Devri hits the stage at 9:30pm and the McTeggarts are on the upstairs stage., Love 'Step 6: Stand Proud. Look to the Horizon. Savour', http://www.sportsjoe.ie/gaa/video-americans-watch-hurling-for-the-first-time-and-are-absolutely-appalled/1745, Looking for something to different to do tonight? Love good food and tasty beer? Get you tickets now for a beer dinner tonight at our sister restaurant Brownstone Boston, null, null, If you like craft brews and exceptional food, we encourage you to sign up for Brownstone Boston Lagunitas Beer Dinner next week. Join Chef Kelly for dinner and then visit The Black Rose for live music and a wee nightcap., The weekend is here! Live entertainment at the The Black Rose tonight with Celtic Clan and Ricky Duran., #InternationalStoutDay! You KNOW where you need to go to celebrate and for the perfect pint!, null, null, null, All this week at The Black Rose starting at 9:30pm nightly...the Celtic Clan., null, It's National Sandwhich Day! Join us for lunch at The Black Rose for our legendary Mother Sweeney’s Corned Beef Sandwich: 
thinly sliced corned beef, Smithwick’s mustard,served cold on pumpernickel. Order with a cup of our award winning clam chowder., It's always the happiest of happy hours with Tom O'Carrrol!, We hate to say it...but we may have had a little something to do with #11 on this Thrillist list. Our bad...kinda. ;) And we need to add "Pours a perfect pint of Guinness", Tonight at the Rose we have the McTeggarts on center stage and tomorrow night music by Tom O'Carroll., White and Milk Chocolate Bread Pudding...that's how we celebrate National Chocolate Day at the The Black Rose, If you have had a chance to visit the The Black Rose you will notice nine portraits behind the bar...these are the 'Nine Fine Irishmen'. Who are they you ask...

To some, they were patriotic heroes. To others, traitorous rebels. In 1848, nine fervent Irish nationalists-Thomas Francis Meagher, John Mitchel, Patrick O’Donoghue, Terence Bellew McManus, William O’Brien, Charles Gavan Duffy, John Dillon, Thomas D’Arcy McGee, and Richard O’Gorman-valiantly fought for Irish independence. They lost. Later tried, convicted and sentenced to death, the Nine Fine found themselves ripe for political martyrdom-and the British monarchy knew it. As a result, their death sentences were commuted and most were exiled all the way to Tasmania-not a nice place to visit or live. This is where their epic tale of redemption begins.

Five of the men-Meagher, Mitchel, O’Donoghue, McManus, and O’Brien-were forcefully sent to Satan’s vacationland. The sixth, Duffy-who was tried but acquitted due to lack of evidence-voluntarily made the trip to Tasmania. The other three men-Dillon, McGee and O’Gorman-escaped to America. As to their fates, some became noted authors, others Civil War heroes. One was named a minister of agriculture and one was elected prime minister., null, It's National Boston Cream Pie Day! Guess who is one of the few places in Boston who still carries this local classic!, The Celtic Clan playing live music at The Black Rose tonight starting at 9:30pm

Celtic Clan-House Band at the famous "Black Rose" in Boston is a "Band for all Reasons" playing a HUGE mix including U2,Van Morrison,Chieftains,Clancy Brothers,Wolfe Tones and all your favourite sing-alongs. Other  music including-Dropkick Murphys,
Oasis,Green Day Beatles and Sinatra., A rainy day in Boston...no problem, we have the Irish remedy...a couple of 'appetizers'.

Appetizers:

Pint of Guinness | 
what every great meal should start with:
20 oz. of perfection

New England Clam Chowder
Cup |  Bowl |  Bread Bowl |, "Mush-a ring dum-a do dum-a da 
Wack fall the daddy-o, wack fall the daddy-o 
There's whiskey in the jar"

Irish Whiskey's and Live Music every night 365 days a year at The Black Rose., Too soon to be thinking about this already? Maybe it was because it was such a fantastic weekend of great Irish music...the 'craic' felt just like St. Patrick's Day all weekend. 'Bhi craic agus ceol againn' : We had fun and music., Welcome Tiger fans!, Tonight at the The Black Rose authentic Irish music with the McTaggerts!, Just in case you are one of the RARE exceptions not familiar with our beloved @The Black Rose.

Serving up pints and traditional fare since 1976, Boston’s premier Irish Pub and Restaurant is the embodiment of spirited times. ‘Roisin Dubh’ or the small black rose originates from a 17th century poem inked by an anonymous author; “Over the highways and byways the pilgrim goes aflame with the name of my small black rose.” This is the essence of the Black Rose…an experience to stimulate the senses and create memories for years to come.

The Black Rose is a must stop on your travels through historic Faneuil Hall – Quincy Market. Guinness poured by staff with an authentic brogue, award winning gastronomic offerings (clam chowder, fish n’chips, homemade stews, specialty corned beef) and live music 7 nights a week; the Black Rose has all the elements of a neighbourhood pub back in the homeland but in the heart of Boston, literally steps away from the greenway and waterfront.

Come raise a glass, sing along with the band and join in the craic!, Everything you ever wanted to know about Guinness in this National Geographic documentary. Watch the film and then come to the The Black Rose and apply your new found knowledge. ;) , Enjoy the long weekend with us tonight at the The Black Rose. Live entertainment starting at 9:30 with Terry Brennan. Rumor has it the whole @Terry Brennan Army will be showing up to celebrate and sign along., Keep Calm and put bacon on...or Irish Rashers which are purchased locally from one of the top Irish Butchers in Boston.  THE BUTCHER SHOP MARKET! Brunch is being served now at The Black Rose, Did you know that The Black Rose Boston 'Chowda' has won countless seafood competitions and Chowder 'Fests over the years. It's been the same tried and true recipe for over 35 years., All these names are beautiful!, A proper pour of Guinness...the Black Rose is the place. Looking for a fall style cocktail visit Nikki, Colleen, Packie and the rest of the team at the Granary Tavern. http://boston.cbslocal.com/top-lists/bostons-best-fall-cocktails/, null, null, Next week our friends at Dillon's are catering the FireFighters calendar release party Royale. If you are free Thursday, stop by and support the Burn Foundation. Tickets are available at http://royaleboston.com/events/turn-up-the-heat-boston-firefighters-calendar-launch/, Check out where your family name came from and what it means.....then stop by for a pint and let us know, null, MOV_9633.MOV.mov 
See what you just missed  Mundy live on stage, Mundy finishing up the Smithwicks session at the Rose!, The Stunning rucking the stage at the Rose tonight!, Come join us for one last Smithwicks Session - featuring Mundy on stage from 10 - 11 pm tonight!, Mundy is playing at the Black Rose this Saturday from 10-11 pm as part of the Smithwick's Sessions. Don't miss out and come see Mundy up close and personal!, null, Going to iFest this weekend? Don't forget to get a well-rounded cultural experience by visiting the Black Rose afterwards!, This made us ugly cry., null, Be sure to get your tickets for Sterlings Great American Patio Party tomorrow starting at 2pm! Sample over 20 different craft beers, indulge in lobster sliders, clam chowder while listening to the sounds of Boston's own Bob Marley tribute band, Duppy Conquerors!, Screaming Orphans on stage last night!, A few more hours until Screaming Orphans take the stage!, Meet the Screaming Orphans! They'll be state-side September 18th at the Black Rose!, null, Come on in for a pint today , Whiskey in the Jar anyone? And like the cover? Catch the Screaming Orphans live at the Black Rose on September 18th!, null, Only in Ireland..., Few more days!, Three more days!, Come enjoy $5 pints of Smithwick's all this week as we get ready for our first "Smithwick's Sessions" this Saturday - featuring Hoist the Colors., Can't make it out to see Hoist the Colors on September 6th? Stop by September 18th to see Screaming Orphans as part of the Smithwick's Sessions. Show starts at 9:30!, It's National Dog Day, show us a picture of yours!, null, As part of Smithwick's Sessions, we're proud to have Hoist the Colors play at the Black Rose on September 6th. Show starts at 9:30. Get there early...we have a feeling it will be a busy night!, The Jimmy Fund and the Boston Red Sox have gone hand and hand since 1953 and their partnership is still going strong today. With nearly 15 million people suffering from cancer in the United States alone, everyone is effected by it. The Black Rose is honored to be involved in this year's Jimmy Fund Radio-Telethon to support cancer research. 

We'll be broadcasting the telethon all day on NESN where customers and supporters are more than welcome to call in and donate. Don't have time to grab a Guinness tomorrow? Donate on our website (link listed below). , Help us "Fill the Boot" to help fight Muscle Disease!, Look Mom we got an award!, http://boston.cityvoter.com/award/black-rose-best-faneuil-hall-bar-2014/775644?utm_source=admin&utm_medium=email&utm_campaign=cv0065, Join us on the patio at Sterling's on Saturday, September 20th for an afternoon filled with endless craft beers, oysters, chowder & more as we kick off fall 2015 in Boston!

$25 tickets. Sample over 20 beers from 5 local breweries, delicious food & live music.

Proceeds from the event will benefit The Great American Foundation and their efforts to support The Alliance for Children.
, The Black Rose is proud to sponsor the MDA's Fill the Boot Campaign. Please stop in and donate a $1 to the cause., null, See the Green Monster take on the Ice Bucket Challenge in support of ALS., What do you think of this? Would you drink a Blonde American Lager from Guinness? , Does this remind you of your family back home?, They convinced us!, Or you could avoid the fight altogether by coming into the Rose for some fish and chips or our $12 lobster special. , We're now on Instagram!, Recovering from the all the hamburgers and junk food you ate this weekend? Stop by for a Guinness...it's only 208 calories in a pint! *Note do not operate heavy machinery after consuming copious amounts of Guinness **Unless you're saving a family of ducks., Make sure you're equipped with ponchos and umbrellas! Stop on by to stay dry this weekend., USA! USA! USA! Already busy at the Black Rose...come now to get a good spot!, World Cup action start at noon today with Brazil vs Chile! $12 Lobsters, plenty of cool Guinness, Tan lines are the worst..., Who doesn't love a good bar fight? Especially when that means you get to sip cocktails while 10 mixologists battle it out for "Best Cocktail". Unfortunately our top bartender Fago didn't make it (the judges didn't think Guinness and a shot of Jameson constituted as a cocktail...go figure), but Colleen Kennedy, a talented bartender from The Granary Tavern is vying for the title. Click on the link to vote for her delicious and don't forget to buy your tickets!, null, We're thinking of adding a $5 surcharge to your bill if you like any other team but the Sox, Celtics, Pats, Bruins, or Revolution. $10 surcharge if you like the Yankees or Jets. But first we must check with our lawyers to see if it's even legal..., Ireland might not have made it to the World Cup, but they're sure making up for it in Rugby!, Check out our new menu!  Irish Boxty appetizer, just one of the new items.., In honor of the World Cup, we bring you this... Viva la Fútbol!, null, Hurling just isn't for everyone., Move over MBTA...there's a new bus in town. , null, Come to the Black Rose for the craic!, Come by and visit one of our sister stores, 
Hurricane O' Reilly's. They are kicking off country weekends all summer long., Perks  of working for The Glynn Hospitality Group!, Phil Sweeney 1939-2014. RIP, We heard with great sadness of the passing of Phil Sweeney, the man responsible for opening and running The Black Rose for over 25 years. May he rest in peace and our deepest sympathies to his wife Marcia, his sons and extended family.

http://marblehead.patch.com/groups/obituaries/p/obituary-philip-w-sweeney-jr-longtime-marblehead-resident#, Governor Deval Patrick making an appearance at The Black Rose for a special event!!, There's a typo...for Massachusetts it should say "Irish Men", We couldn't think of anyone else to grace the cover of NHL 15!, We'd like to thank everyone who participated in the Boston Bakes for Breast Cancer campaign. Between May 5th and May 11th all proceeds from our mouthwatering bread pudding is being donated to breast cancer research. Together we raised $130 and we couldn't be prouder!, Where can we buy a ticket? , Changing lanes?, If you’re ready to yell “Forza Azzurri!” until you’re blue in the face, then stop by the PUMA #StartBelieving Tour to celebrate the Italian National Team and enter to win prizes, Check us out on the new MBTA bar map. We own the State st stop on two lines. 

http://www.thrillist.com/drink/boston/boston-s-first-map-of-bars-near-the-t, null, From May 5th-11th, The Black Rose is participating in Boston Bakes for Breast Cancer. We are donating 100% of the proceeds from our delicious, mouthwatering, homemade bread pudding to Bakes for Breast Cancer. See you at the Rose!, Check out our new trolley!!, For the Math Geeks out there. , Did you know that we have Harp on draft? Well now you do! Come on in today and try one...you won't be disappointed!!, We'd like to thank Anthem Boston for hosting our Summer Kick-Off Party (even though some of us didn't feel so good this morning)., null, We'd like to congratulate all the Boston Marathon runners! We loved hanging out with you at the Black Rose these past few days. We've come to expect the unexpected but running 26.2 miles and then shutting the Rose down on Monday night tops our list. Have a safe trip home and we'll see you next year!, Running in the Boston Marathon tomorrow? Come get your souvenir Guinness glass from the Black Rose while supplies last. Make sure you show us validation that you ran! Your number or medal will do! We start handing them out tomorrow so don't miss it!  "Boston: To Strength & Soul", Stock up on your favorite Black Rose merchandise!, What could be more fun than dressing up and drinking with a bunch of your friends? Well, raising money for a good cause along the way! Please join Frost Ice Bar and Neighboring Bars in raising money for the One Fund on April 19th!  , null, Join us in welcoming three new additions to the Black Rose family! After a long hiatus you can enjoy Harp Lager on draft and Pepsi products again. Did we forget to mention ice cold Guinness?, Perfect day for a pint of Guinness don't you agree?, If you're a soccer fan you don't want to miss out on this!, null, What could be more fun than dressing up and drinking with a bunch of your friends? Well, raising money for a good cause along the way!
Please join Frost Ice Bar and Neighboring Bars in raising money for the One Fund on April 19th!, Wow. Proud to be from Boston., What could be more fun than dressing up and drinking with a bunch of your friends? Well, raising money for a good cause along the way!
Please join Frost Ice Bar and Neighboring Bars in raising money for the One Fund on April 19th! , We tend to forget the sacrifice first responders make every day. Thank you Boston First Responders for risking your lives to keep us safe., Is anyone else still hung over from St. Patrick's Day?, For all ye English snobs out there., Assuming that you've recovered from last weekend, come hear Sunday's Well downstairs and the McTeggarts upstairs tonight starting at 9:30., I broken window, lots of forgotten credit cards, and scores of Guinness later, we officially survived St. Patrick's Day! Thanks for making St. Patrick's 2014 a memorable day and here's to hoping your hangovers aren't too bad!, We open in 9 minutes! Music starts at 10. See you soon!, And what night would be complete without dueling Bagpipes to close us out?, Watch the boys in action. Happy St. Patricks Day. Don't forget we'll be bronging you Live Irish music every night all weekend long., Thanks to the Greater Boston Firefighters Pipes and Drums for getting the weekend started right!, Our good friend Coogan's Boston has made the final in the #StPatricksDayShowdown

Show them support and give them your vote!

http://boston.cityvoter.com/bracket/st-patrick-s-day-showdown/220, With St. Patrick's Day on a Monday this year, a lot of people have to work. We're wondering if this is going to hinder your celebration or if:

A. You'll party on Saturday
B. Sunday
C. Skip school/work on Monday
D. Have Monday off because you work for the city of Boston and it's "Evacuation Day" 

Either way stay safe and drink Guinness…responsibly., We were asked to post this by one of our former employees. So you've been warned!, http://bdcwire.com/ai1ec_event/radiobdc-and-guinness-irish-breakfast/?instance_id=, Get your tickets now!, One of our most loved Irish bartenders, Fago, sets the record straight..., Today is a great day to join our LinkedIn (http://www.linkedin.com/company/the-black-rose) and Google+ (https://plus.google.com/+BlackRoseBoston/) pages. No pressure. We'll just judge you if you don't. , After 38 years, we let the secret out...., See you all in a few days!, null, This is Guinness' new glass. This could be yours if you are one of the first 100 people at the Black Rose on St. Patrick's Day. Guinness will be here with their engraving machine and will personally engrave your Guinness glass for free! Don't be that 101st person and miss out., 13 days til St. Patrick's day. Come get a head start tonight at the Guinness perfect pint contest!, Come down tonight to cheer on your favorite Boston bartenders as they battle it out in the Perfect Pint Competition..., The Black Rose is proud to be selling Shamrocks for the Muscular Dystrophy Association. Come get yours now through St. Patrick's Day and help a great cause! $1 for a Green Shamrock and $5 for a Gold!, Dave Foley rocking the second floor! Hurry down, So...who's coming? , 2013 was an incredible year and we can only hope for as much in 2014. We've been lucky to be blessed with great customers and awesome staff who are always willing to go above and beyond for us. 

On Tuesday, the staff along with the staff of the eight other restaurants owned and managed by The Glynn Hospitality Group got treated to drinks and appetizers at the Top of The Hub, a beautiful restaurant on the top of the Prudential Center overlooking Boston. These are just some of the pictures from the event!, St. Patrick's Day is right around the corner....get your new St. Pat's gear and celebrate with us in style! 

http://www.glynnhospitalitygroup.com/store/apparel/st-patricks-day-2014/, null, If you're traveling to Boston and plan on renting a car…keep this in mind. By all means USE your turn signals, but don't be surprised when a majority of people don't., As you're sipping (or chugging) your Guinness this St. Patrick's Day, you'll be in good company. According to Guinness, in 2010 almost 13 million pints of Guinness were consumed on St. Patrick's Day alone., The Black Rose on St. Patrick's Day is like __________________., Look who made it on the top list of Irish bars in Boston! Hint: We did. 

http://www.wheretraveler.com/boston/6-bars-craic-heads, Battle of the Border Thursday & Friday with both Men & Womens Hockey USA vs Canada!!!

Catch all your Olympic action with us!, A quote to live by., null, It's that time of year again. Many people stress out about taking their dates to that perfect place. If you want to impress your date with great food and a laid back environment, come hang out with us and Sunday's Well tonight! The entertainment start at 10! The fun starts whenever you get here., Join Shock Top and RadioBDC on Thursday, February 27 at The Black Rose for a FREE show with Cayucas., We'll toast to that!, I'm sure the Rose is number 16...  :)  Great article!, Do you have a LinkedIn account? If you do- don't forget to follow us!, Have a safe and happy Sunday Funday!, Guess who's featured on Irish Pubs of America today? (We are), Meet the Irish Olympic Team!  Sealbh math dhuit!, Want to take a trip to Boston, but thought it was too expensive? Think again!, Who will you be rooting for? Either way, catch the game at the Black Rose tomorrow and root for your team!, If your faucet poured out alcohol would you still come to the Black Rose?, Congratulations to Cambridge and Quincy for making #1 and #2. Do you agree with this list? , Have a safe Sunday Funday and try to stay warm!, Did you know that there's a house in Rockport, Massachusetts that is made entirely of paper? Even the furniture is made of paper., It's cold outside but it's warm in here.  Sundays well just kicked off their first set!, Check out our new Black Rose World Cup Jerseys!!! Now Available on our online store!

http://www.glynnhospitalitygroup.com/store/, Congratulations to Timothy Finneran who won our contest! A few months ago we asked you to send us pictures of yourself or a friend wearing a black rose shirt in random places. We got some pretty awesome responses, but we loved this picture. Timothy will get a prize pack from yours truly. Among other things, it includes 2 VIP passes to get in free at the Black Rose on St. Patrick's Day and a $25 gift card. 

Want in? We'll have one more contest before St. Patrick's Day where you can win passes to cut the line. And if you've ever been to the Black Rose on St. Patrick's Day…you'll thank us., Another great addition to the Glynn Hospitality portfolio....check out Central Wharf Co., The old girl still shines, even in the flurries!, Have you seen the latest Glynn Hospitality Group restaurant? It is located right around the corner from us on Milk Street...take a look...., January T-shirt Sale! 30% off all Black Rose T-Shirts this month as we make way for our new spring designs!, We open at 11 am. Just saying..., A Texan walks into a pub in Ireland and clears his voice to the crowd of drinkers. He says, "I hear you Irish are a bunch of hard drinkers. I'll give $500 American dollars to anybody in here who can drink 10 pints of Guinness back-to-back."
The room is quiet and no one takes up the Texan's offer. One man even leaves.

 Thirty minutes later the same gentleman who left shows back up and taps the Texan on the shoulder. "Is your bet still good?", asks the Irishman. The Texan says yes and asks the bartender to line up 10 pints of Guinness. Immediately the Irishman tears into all 10 of the pint glasses drinking them all back-to-back. The other pub patrons cheer as the Texan sits in amazement.

The Texan gives the Irishman the $500 and says, "If ya don't mind me askin', where did you go for that 30 minutes you were gone?" The Irishman replies, "Oh...I had to go to the pub down the street to see if I could do it first"., It's not many days in January that our door is propped open!  Come down and enjoy a pint!, Check this out... Today, Kathleen Hayes Snavely, 111 years and 328 days-old becomes the longest-living Irish-born person in history!, It's supposed to be in the 50's this weekend! You know what that means! Beach day! At least that's what it's going to feel like after the weather we've been getting lately! Is winter over yet?, Before we say goodbye to 2013.. The Black Rose by the numbers sold..

2,752 Beef Stew (that's a lot of carrots!)
4,001 Shepard's Pie
3,291 T-Shirts and Rugby Shirts (we could clothe a small army!)
4,076 Lobsters (those poor guys)
13,444 Fish and Chips!! (Holy Haddock!)
2,292 hours of LIVE Irish Music (thanks Frank, Jimmy and Sean etc)
18,137 shots of Jameson Irish Whiskey (please enjoy responsibly)
66,083 perfect pints of Guinness (another 4,828 Black and Tans)
and a whole lot of grateful staff and management.
Thanks for everyone who helped make 2013 a great year
Cheers to 2014! (anyone know where we get a Guinness?!), null, This guy is STILL winning the Black Rose photo contest (for best picture in your Black Rose gear). Any challengers out there? Only two weeks left to get your entries in!

Prize pack includes VIP access to the Rose for Paddy's Day '14!!, If you're driving in this crazy weather -be careful!, Despite weather conditions the Black Rose is open and plans to remain open until further notice. We are also planning on opening up at the usual time (11 am) tomorrow January 3rd. If this changes we will let you know.

Everyone stay safe, dry, and warm!, What are your New Years Resolutions? Ours is to drink more Guinness., The Black Rose had a great 2013 and we look forward to a successful, fun year ahead. We couldn't get this far without our loyal customers and dedicated staff and for that we are very thankful! Here's to 2014!, Tickets will be on sale till 3pm...., NYE is almost upon us... don't miss your chance to ring in the New Year with us here at the Rose!, Ever wanted to try Glenfiddich and Tullamore Dew but just haven't gotten around to it? Well here's your chance to try it for free. Join us tonight at 9 pm to taste test Glenfiddich and tomorrow night at 9 pm to taste Tullamore Dew. There will be spokespeople from both companies to answer all your unanswered questions...about whiskey., Looking to spread some more Christmas cheer? The Rose will be open at 7pm tonight, with music by Sunday's Well at 9:30., Nollaig Shona Dhaoibh!, From our family to yours, we wish you have a happy, safe, and wonderful holiday!, Didn't make it to the mall for those last minute gifts? Good news, the Rose will be open all night. So stop on by, and in between pints, make sure to pick your loved ones up one of our many Black Rose tees or key chains., Don't miss your chance to ring in 2014 with us at The Black Rose!, null, Get your tickets for NYE at The Black Rose

we have two options avaialable!!

https://blackrose2014.eventbrite.com

https://rosegiftnye.eventbrite.com, Three talented high school students from Newton South High School wrote an article about us! It's a great read and the pictures came out wonderful!, Couldn't be more true., NYE will be here before you know it...don't wait till the last minute get your tickets now!

https://blackrose2014.eventbrite.com, null, null, Put those shovels down and come to the Rose for some football and pints. Go Pats!, Travelling to the city this holiday season and looking for something unique to do?? Our new partnership with Frost Ice Bar offers just that...., What a beautiful sight! We love being part of the Faneuil Hall community., null, Happy Holidays from The Black Rose and Heineken!, Since the last contest was such a success we figured we'd do it again. Send us pictures of yourself wearing Black Rose swag anywhere in the world. It could be your home, Australia, The Great Wall of China, heck it could even be Mars (we're not holding our breathe). The person with the coolest picture gets a Mystery Bag which includes VIP passes to get into the Rose on St. Patrick's Day. Not only can you and a friend cut the line, but you also get in free. Send your pictures to us at Rose@Irishconnection.com with the subject header: Photo Contest. We can't wait to see them!, Worried you're on "his" naughty list? Head into The Black Rose and buy one of these Santas a Guinness ... it might just help you avoid a stocking full of coal this year!, To celebrate the memory of Nelson Mandela one the 20th century's most important men, and one of history's foremost fighters for peace and justice. We figured it best to use his own words. 
“If I had my time over I would do the same again, so would any man who dares call himself a man.” -November, 1962 

May he rest in peace, even as his legacy lives on., And here is the first entry into our Black Rose photo contest - courtesy of Timothy Finneran. If you have any photos of you sporting your Black Rose gear, email it to Rose@irishconnection.com for a chance to win a Black Rose prize pack!, Well this will be nice for staff and patrons alike!, We're giving away another mystery gift bag and you could be the recipient. What do you have to do? Send a picture of you in an exotic location (Hawaii, top of Mount Everest, at a waterfall) wearing your finest Black Rose swag (hoodies, T-shirts, hats etc) and you could win a bag full of Black Rose goodies. Send your pictures to Rose@Irishconnection.com with the Subject: Picture Contest and a little bit about who you are and where you were at the time of the picture.  We'll obviously put the best ones on Facebook!, Looking to book your holiday party in the heart of Boston where the Guinness flows freely and the food melts in your mouth? Well then you've come to the right place. The Black Rose still has dates available in December and January so make sure you hurry up and book yours today. Call us at 617.742.2286 or email our General Manager, Paul Daniels at Rose@irishconnection.com., null, The bar is filling up!    Bring some leftovers, maybe Ashley or Fago will buy you a beer. :), Everyone at the Black Rose wish you and your family a safe and happy Thanksgiving! Sick of your family? We open at 7 pm., Some great ways to avoid the parking problems in Downtown when out holiday shopping -or for your trip to the Black Rose for a pint!, Introducing the newest additions to the family: Young's Double Chocolate Stout, Samuel Smith's Nut Brown Ale, and Well's Banana Bread. Don't mind if we do..., burrr its cold!! Keep warm in one of our new hoodies!

http://www.glynnhospitalitygroup.com/store/apparel/black-rose-hoodie, Ever wondered how to say important phrases in Gaelic for your trip to Ireland?

 Well here's one you will have to learn: An féidir li a behemoth Guinness le do thoil? 

Translation: Can I have a Guinness please?, Too funny!, A customer asked us today what our best dish is. We didn't know what to tell them as we were partial to them all. What do you think?, Honored to be hanging out with some Dublin lads who just so happen to be the All-Ireland football Champions! Good job guys!, Worth three min!!  Well stocked in Tullamore Dew...., The party is almost over but Devri will be back Saturday night at 10!, The Black Rose cordially invites all our customers, friends and neighbours to welcome the newly crowned All-Ireland football Champions "DUBLIN", together with THE SAM MAGUIRE, THE NATIONAL LEAGUE and THE LEINSTER CHAMPIONSHIP trophies. 

Join us Sunday Nov 17th from 2:30-4 pm to say hi and congratulate these guys on a job well done! Looking forward to seeing you all there., null, null, To all the men and women who have served, are serving, or will serve...thank you., Beat the Heat!, One of our staff members was in Miami this weekend and saw this awesome tattoo parlor. Seems legit., 9 months after Valentine's day...
Happy Birthday kids., It's true. We especially love the shout out to our sister bar Coogans! , Looking for a place to host your holiday party? The Black Rose can offer you prime real estate in the heart of Boston. With friendly staff and a slew of delicious food options your guests will have a great time! Email Paul today at rose@irishconnection.com for more information!, Map of Irish Sayings most of which you will probably hear most nights in The Black Rose, Did you go to the parade today? We want to see your pictures! Feel free to tag us or email us at rose@irishconnection.com. #bostonpride, Are you this die hard of a fan?, Want to know what it was like here when the Red Sox won?  Our hostess Allie took this right after the final pitch. We'd tell her to get off her phone and get back to work but THE RED SOX JUST WON THE WORLD SERIES!!, Need some last minute plans for Halloween? Party at the Rose while helping to eliminate Leukemia and Lymphoma!, We don't mean to toot our own horn but this mural came out amazing! Special thanks to Chris Walsh for dedicating a large chunk of his time to make this happen., N.S.F.W. that's why we're posting it on Saturday!, Come on by tonight to listen to Sundays Well serenade you with Irish music. Like always...no cover., Nowhere to go to watch the game tonight? Come watch it here and drink $3 bud light drafts all night., Happy Birthday Jadar! You're the best head chef any Irish bar could ask for!, Lets do this., null, David Krejci singing a duet with  Black Rose singer Terry Brennan Monday night at the Rose., Who knew our manager was such an artist? The beginning of an awesome mural here at the Rose., Best jersey ever!, Because that just happened., Good luck today! Win or lose Boston's proud of you., Celtic Clan is raising the roof. Have a pint and forget about the sox!...., http://www.irishcentral.com/roots/Top-10-Guinness-Facts-93321039.html?mob-ua=Y
What are you waiting for come on by and see for yourself, Think you can hoist a full liter stein longer than anyone else? Sam Adams stein hoisting competition returns for another season as they search high and low for two national champions to send to the Oktoberfest celebration in Munich Germany!

Join in the competition tonight at The Black Rose at 9pm!, The Black Rose will be showing England Vs Montengro at 3 pm, Ireland vs. Germany at 2:45pm and Colombia vs. Chile at 10 pm. See you soon!, And then head down to the Black Rose for $3 pints of Bud Light!, This is just one reason why we're proud to call Boston our home. , null, The Black Rose is proud to serve 8 out of the 10 whiskeys. How many have you tried?, The grass has been cut, ready for some post season baseball. Come on by an enjoy Game 1 @3pm., Just saying..., Melissa's setting up for work. She can't wait to see you!, Just 9 more LIKES to go until a lucky person gets a free mystery grab bag from The Black Rose!, Sunday Funday! What will you be doing?, null, We don't know about you but we had an awesome Arthur's Day and as a result we may be a bit worse for the wear. Need the cure? You could try Pedialyte, Gatorade, Lucozade or you know just come into the Rose for another pint of Guinness or a $3.50 pint of Bud Light., So we've started a Google+ page for the Black Rose...you know Google's answer to Facebook and social media? Anyone? No? Well if you do have it/use it/have it but never use it do us have a favor and friend or like us or + us? We're not really sure what the terminology is but you get the point..., Raise a pint!, We're in Round 3 of the Battle of the Bartenders Contest. So far we've used Atlantico Rum, Aviation Gin, and Bacardi Oakheart. Congratulations to Brian Mantz from Carrie Nation and Renee Ryan from Blue Inc. who are advancing to the finals! To get up to the minute results follow us on twitter: @Blackroseboston!, To Arthur Guinness! Grab a pint of Guinness to celebrate! If anyone deserves a special day it's Arthur Guinness!, Tonight bartenders from all over Boston will compete in the Battle of the Bartenders. A handful of bartenders will mix, shake, and serve delicious drinks all night for a chance to win over $500 in prizes. The show starts at 7, get there early for a good seat! We'll be updating live on Twitter so be sure to follow us at @blackroseboston if you haven't already!, On Tuesday September 24th, bartenders from around Boston will come together at the Black Rose and battle it out for title of Boston's Finest Bartender. It should be an epic battle and if you're in the area you don't want to miss it. Considering we're hosting the contest we should stay neutral but who are we kidding? Go Tiffany Cataldo! Make us proud!, Sunday Funday at the Rose!, How many pints of Guinness have you had today?, Remember a few weeks ago when we said we'd be giving away a free mystery bag full of Black Rose swag. Well no one's won it yet because we still haven't reached our 5,129 LIKE. I mean...who would want a gift card or a pair of Guinness glasses anyways?, Grab a pint of Guinness and a one and a quarter pound lobster for less than $20 at the Rose today. Because what else do you drink when eating lobsters?, You survived Monday work day! Now treat yourself by coming into the Rose and watching the One and Only Terry Brennan play all your favorite Irish tunes!, What do you call an Irish man who keeps bouncing off the wall?, Our favorite couple of the day!  84 years young and weathered entering surround by a pub crawl to come to "their favorite place".  :)., Nothing to do today? Why not stop by for a $3.50 pint of bud light or a cup of our homemade clam chowder? Music starts at 4...see you there!, The Black Rose would like to give a shout out to Niall Horan on his 20th birthday. We are so proud that we share the same heritage as this Mullingar born lad. Don't know who he is? Ask your twelve year old daughter..., Next time you order a Guinness remember that it should take the bartender no more or less than 119.53 seconds to pour., Mark your calendars... It's time for Round Two of the Battle of the Bartenders!, null, Check out this awesome new ad by Guinness!, Have you been to the Black Rose lately? Do you have pictures to prove it? Great because we'd love to see them! Tag us in the pictures or send them our way at Rose@irishconnection.com. Can't wait to see them!, Devri just hit the main stage....so where are you?!, Missed the music last night? No worries! You can catch Sundays Well tonight at 10. Like always never a cover!, Congrats from the Rose, first pint is on us Ortiz!, Our awesome bartender Christine brought this to our attention a few months ago. We think it's pretty self-explanatory., http://www.irishcentral.com/worldirish/25-things-you-never-thought-youd-miss-about-Ireland-PHOTOS-221679351.html, The McTeggarts have been a huge part of the Black Rose community since day one. They are playing a benefit for the Northeast Lung Transplant Fund on September 29th at the American Legion Spear Post in Beverly. If you're interested in attending or to donate, please see the attached flyer. We'll see you there!, Up the Dubs'

Congratulations Dublin on defeating Kerry in the All-Ireland Football Semi-Finals! Thanks Caoimhe!, Pumpkin beer is back....we couldn't decide which pumpkin beer was better: Harpoon UFO Pumpkin or Shipyard Pumpkinhead. So we have both in stock for you! You're welcome., If you're having a bad day just remember: 

At the time of writing this, there are only 199 Days, 07 hours, and 48 minutes left until St. Patrick's Day 2014., September is almost here which means that the holiday season is fast approaching and you only have a limited time to book your holiday party. Why not have it at the Black Rose? If you've ever been upstairs you know it's a great spot to hold a small get-together or a lavish Christmas party. Need catering? No problem. Want music? We've got you covered. But hurry because the spots are filling up fast. If you're interested email us at Rose@irishconnection.com or call us at 617.742.2286 and ask for a manager., http://www.irishcentral.com/worldirish/35-Irish-sayings-and-phrases-you-need-to-learn-before-you-visit-221197271.html?mob-ua=Y, Want to win a free grab bag of the Black Rose finest things? Its easy just be the 5,129th like and you'll win a free mystery bag from Yours Truely. Only 102 more likes to go..., $3.25 Bud Light drafts? It's 5 o'clock somewhere..., Looking for something to do tonight? Stop on by. Celtic Clan is playing downstairs while the McTaggerts are playing upstairs. Like always NO COVER., "That night at the Rose will stay with me forever... AMAZING night!!" -Shanon Fitzpatrick 

Can you blame her? Yea we can't either., CALLING ALL SOCCER FANS....

Four star New England Revolution players – Matt Reis, Bobby Shuttleworth, A.J. Soares and Andrew Farrell – will step off of the pitch and behind the bar on Thursday, Aug, 22 at Clerys to showcase their cocktail-shaking skills for charity.

All tips the players receive during the event, cash or credit, will be donated directly to The One Fund Boston., Did you recently wish to purchase a shirt at the Black Rose but it wasn't in your size? Did you mean to come back and purchase one but you were late for your flight? Fear not, you can order Black Rose shirts online and get them delivered right to your home so you don't have to drive, swim, fly, or run back to the pub...unless of course you want to.

Just visit our website to pick out your favorites!, What an avant-garde picture of The Black Rose. Thanks for the tip Terri!, We have 4,979 LIKES on Facebook which means only 149 more likes before we give a free mystery gift bag from Yours Truly. So tell your friends...unlike us and re-like us because trust us you are going to want that grab bag!, If you're in the Boston area be sure to come visit tonight! Celtic Clan is playing around 10 pm. Enjoy live Irish music, ice cold Guinness and NO COVER., Check out our new "Luck of the Irish" T-shirts!! now available in house or through our online store!!

www.glynnhospitalitygroup.com/store, We figured you deserved a good laugh!, If you've recently been to the Black Rose or was here 25 years ago and you have pictures, we'd love to see them! Please send them to us at Rose@irishconnection.com or simply tag the Black Rose when you post them to your Facebook page. We've enjoyed seeing everyone's smiling faces and hearing all the brilliant stories behind them!, If you're ever in the LA area check out Chic Mama L.A. for fun things to do! And trust us this woman knows what she's talking about. You can also check out her recent blog article where she mentions The Black Rose., We are at 4,958 likes! We're not good at math but that's like 170 more likes to go before someone wins a mystery bag full of awesome Black Rose stuff...and who doesn't want Black Rose stuff?, Check out this video of two lads singing "Don't Wake Me Up" in Gaelic http://youtu.be/1A6__HssHW8, Becky and Karen enjoying lunch at the Black Rose circa 2008, At the time of writing this we have close to 5,000 likes! Yeah we know, we're kind of a big deal. To thank all our friends we're offering a free mystery gift bag to her 5,128th person that likes us. Why the 5,128th customer? We don't know we just really like that number. So if you like us, LIKE us!, Did you just take a vacation to Boston and happen to snap a picture inside the Black Rose? Maybe you visited the Rose ten years ago. Whenever they were taken, we'd love to see them! Either tag us in your Facebook pictures or send them our way at Rose@Irishconnection.com! Who knows you may just see them here!, Devri, a local band that frequently plays at the Rose was featured in The Boston Irish Reporter this week. It's a great read and you can check it out here. In the meantime, you can check out Devri this Friday and Saturday night at the Rose starting around 9:45 pm!, Hankering for a drink? Maybe a delicious Bloody Mary or I don't know a pint of Guinness? Stop by the Black Rose and have our handsome bartender whip you up a nice drink! Come for the drink and stay for Walter's incredible stories and dashing good looks!  This particular photo was taken by Esquire on Patty's Day 2013., Have pictures at the Black Rose? Why not tag us in them! We'd love to see them!, Happy Birthday to John Tyndall and Peter O'Toole! If you have no idea who they are, you're not alone. Scientist Tyndall was born in 1820 in Leighlinbridge, Co. Carlow. He's considered one of the most influential scientists of the nineteenth century and helped to prove the "Greenhouse Effect" and the age old question of why the sky is blue. 

Peter O'Toole is an Irish actor born in 1932 in Connemara, Co. Galway. He's acted in more than 90 movies and television shows including Lawrence of Arabia, the hit show The Tudors, and voiced Anton Ego in Ratatouille. 

Happy Birthday!, Happy IPA Day! Come into the Rose today and enjoy a cold pint of Harpoon IPA while listening to Tom O'Carroll serenade you with Irish tunes from 5-8 pm!, null, http://m.youtube.com/watch?v=4yP4wbK6zrI&desktop_uri=%2Fwatch%3Fv%3D4yP4wbK6zrI, We asked that customers either send us pictures of them at the Black Rose or tag us on Facebook. We've gotten overwhelming feedback and these pictures are just a few. If you have pictures you'd like to share of your time at the Black Rose feel free to tag us or send them to Rose@irishconnection.com!, And here is our first picture! This picture is of Lindsay and Darin from Seattle. They're in Boston for their Honeymoon and what better place to celebrate their marriage than at the Black Rose? If you have pictures of you at the Black Rose or wearing Black Rose gear be sure to send them to us at Rose@irishconnection.com and put PICTURES in the subject line! Who knows you might see your face on our page!, null, Do you have pictures of you at the Black Rose or maybe you're at the top of Mount Everest wearing a Black Rose hoodie. If so we'd love to see them! Email them to rose@irishconnections.com and put PICTURES in the subject line. Who knows maybe you'll see your face on our facebook page! Be sure to include names, dates, and where you are from!, What Irish poet won the Nobel Peace Prize in 1923? A. Frank McCourt B. W.B. Yeats or C. Oscar Wilde?, Singing along to some greet Irish songs with a pint in hand... sounds like the perfect Saturday night! We've Devri and The McTeggarts playing live at 9:30 tonight., For all you Irish girls..... Thanks, Three men walk into a bar: a Frenchman, an Italian and an Irishman. Each orders one beer. Three flys fly into the bar and one fly lands in each man's beer. 

The Italian man plucks the fly out of his beer, says "tutto e bene" (all is well)" and drinks the beer. 
The Frenchman shows his beer with the bug still inside it to the bartender and demands another beer. 
The Irishman yanks the bug out of the beer, grabs it by it's wings, shakes it while yelling 

"Cough it up, you wee theivin' bastard!" 

-To find more jokes like this visit http://www.irishjokes.com, Did you know that today in 1759 Arthur Guinness (the founder of Guinness…duh!) signed a 9,000 year lease to brew beer at the St. James Gate Brewery in Dublin? So stop by and celebrate by grabbing a pint at the Black Rose., Get your Tickets for Boston Beerathon and come party with us at The Rose on September 14th, null, We've got the McTeggarts tonight starting at 9:30...come in grab some dinner, sip on a pint and enjoy some good old fashioned Irish Tunes!, 10 hours of live music continues at 8 with Revels Glen upstairs and Celtic Clan on the main stage tonight! Come by and have a pint!, we've got Jim Coyle at 4pm and the McTeggarts at 9:30pm for your Lazy Sunday listening pleasure..., The McTeggarts and Sundays Well are back again tonight at 9:30!, Jim Coyle is here at 4pm on the main floor! come check him out!, Don't miss out on the live music today! 4 pm and again at 9:30 with the McTeggerts!  No cover.., Don't worry more music is coming up with McTeggarts on the main floor and Sundays Well upstairs at 9:30pm, If you missed Bill McIlhenny after work yesterday don't worry he is here again today at 5pm!, Hope everyone enjoyed our after work special music series! If you missed it don't worry we have more live music coming up with Revels Glen upstairs at 8pm and McTeggarts on the main floor at 9:30pm., Come down to Granary Tavern on Tuesday the 16th from 6-9pm to officially welcome 2 Gingers Whiskey to Boston! Brian Scalabrine will be behind the bar serving up the signature cocktail, BIG GINGER!, Don't miss out on our new Happy Hour Music Special every Thursday and Friday starting at 5pm!!! This week we've got Bill McIlhenny!!, Bill McElaney from Revels Glen on the first floor tonight from 5-8 pm and then Revels Glen upstairs from 9-12!  We have you covered with great Irish music all night!, Live music at 4pm and again at 9:30!  The Black Rose has you covered all day!, Happy 4th of July!  Open for Breakfast at 9am!, Start your day off right! Irish Breakfast at the Black Rose! Open at 9am....., We sure are proud of GRANARY TAVERN for winning Best Bar in the Financial District from the Improper Bostonian's Bostons Best Issue! Thank you all for making that possible., null, null, null, Frank Ryan and Billy keeping the 2nd floor dancing., The Mcteggerts just hit the stage.  The mighty Black Rose is rocking, Penguins have not been swept for FORTY FIVE straight playoff series. The last team that swept them was the '79 Bruins. (via @EliasSports). 

Stanley Cup finals here we come! Congrats Bruins!!, Just announced today AIR TRAFFIC CONTROLLER will be hosting the summer block party. Go see the show then come visit us afterwards for a pint and some live celtic music., Anyone see this important message on the way into work this morning? Save the date!, The trolley is out on the road. Make sure to take a pic and send it in to win a prize pack., Congrats to the newest Glynn Hospitality Restaurant for being one of the hottest openings this year! If you have not stopped by yet it's a gorgeous day to sit on their patio and enjoy a cocktail after work! Located on the bottom level of 60 State St., null, THE HUNT IS ON....., null, http://www.irishcentral.com/ent/My-heart-my-treasure-my-love---the-top-ten-Irish-terms-of-affection-209633741.html?mob-ua=Y
Impress your loved one today, null, Going to the #bostonstrongconcert tonight? check out our friends at Hurricanes O'Reilly's  before the show!, null, Thank you to all servicemen, fallen and fighting who sacrifice for our country., null, Come grab a pint and cheer on your Boston Bruins tonight!!, null, We would like to send out a huge THANK YOU to all that enjoyed our desserts during the week of Mother's Day! Your love for sweets raised $1000 for Boston Bakes for Breast Cancer

Clerys Boston Granary Tavern Brownstone Boston, Come in and grab a pint and watch the Bruins take on the Rangers in game 3 of the conference semifinals, Check out our new Black Rose Merchandise we just got in! Available in house or on our online store!

http://www.glynnhospitalitygroup.com/store/apparel/short-sleeve-celtic-green/

http://www.glynnhospitalitygroup.com/store/apparel/short-sleeve-celtic-white/, null, Our very own Old Town Trolley back!, The Black Rose is a great place to visit pre or post game!  GO BRUINS!!!, http://www.irishcentral.com/roots/Ten-best-Irish-lies--fabulous-fibs-that-Irish-tell-each-other-208047441.html?mob-ua=Y, Celtic Clan upstairs at 9pm. Devri downstairs tonight at 9:45pm. The Guinness is flowing and the Magners are cold!!!, null, What does your mom REALLY want to do on mother's day?  She wants to come to The Black Rose and listen to Jim Coyle play an acoustic set from 4-7 and sip some Bailey's on the rocks!
https://www.facebook.com/pages/Jim-Coyle-Music/132846436774784?sk=info, Stopping in for dinner tonight!? Save room for our Boston Cream Pie and support Boston Bakes for Breast Cancer!, null, Summer is coming....., Two hours till Sean and the boys take the stage! FYI Last keg of 26.2 tapped! Get it while it lasts!, Check out the newest addition to the Glynn Hospitality Group! Sterlings is now open at 60 State Street!, Our newest restaurant Sterling's is NOW OPEN! Come on down to 60 State Street and check it out...., null, 	On Tuesday, April 30, Boston’s ONEin3 population will head #BacktoBackBay—a neighborhood we’ve missed so much these past couple of weeks—to show our support to local businesses. 

We’ll meet at the Back Bay Social Club and pay visits to our favorite restaurants, shops and bars that were most affected by last week's tragedy. 

Please feel free to join us and if you would like to make a donation directly to victims of the explosions, please visit www.onefundboston.org. , Check out our new shirts here at The Black Rose!!!

Available in men and womens sizes http://bit.ly/11xwyAj, Just tapped! San Adams 26.2 Boston Brew!, null, null, The Black Rose will be open in 15 minutes! If you are downtown looking for a pint please stop in!, To our Black Rose family and friends. We have decided for the safety and well being of all we will not open tonight. We will be open tomorrow morning at 9am. Everyone stay safe..., We are proud to be in Boston., null, Thoughts and prayers to everyone in our beloved city., The perfect stop for post marathon drinks!, ©  Robert Terry 2013 - All Rights Reserved, Thank you for all that spent their St. Patrick's Day with us!

 Check out the video RadioBDC put together of the day... are you in it??, 11:30 and the bar is full!  Live music starts at 4 with Frank Ryan!, Don't forget about live music with Joshua Tree tonight Hurricanes O'Reilly's, null, Providence college hockey team having lunch at the Black Rose before the tourney tomorrow., Great space to host a private function..., null, null, null, null, Sunday's Well rocking it out on the first floor., Pints are poured and ready to go. "Happy St. Patrick's Day"", Happy Saturday morning!!, The Burke boys are delivering more Magners and Guinness as we speak., Just to show you how we make our award winning Mashed Potatoes. Stop by and try some this weekend, http://vimeo.com/61474902, Facts you should know, Thank you for all who got us to Round 2!! The showdown continues... , Vote now for The Black Rose on Boston.com's Irish Pub Showdown!, Get a first look at our newest location, Sterling's! Located on the main floor of 60 State Street it's bound to be the next hotspot in Boston. , Celebrate St. Patrick's Day at Boston's Legendary Irish Bar! Doors open at 8am, Just in time for St. Patrick's Day!!! Get your Black Rose gear online!! Also available at The Black Rose!!!! 

http://bit.ly/10mDzaP, New Date!, null, Game time is approaching, ManU v. Real Madrid live at bar with full sound. Danielle is ready to take care of everyone., null, New Guinness vats heading to the brewery at St. James's Gate in Dublin last night ...... Fresh pints for St. Patrick's day, Just a reminder, live Irish music tonight and every night at 9:30pm., null, Check out what's going on at Hurricanes O'Reilly's March 7th, What an amazing weekend! Thank you to everyone that came through. The Boston Ski and Sports Club just posted their Winter Warrior pub crawl pics. Thanks for making us a stop! If you are planning a crawl or a fundraiser The Black Rose is a great spot! Sunday's Well will be on the main stage all week!, http://bit.ly/WdvFiS, null, Just so you know what we are talking about..... Deadly!!, http://bit.ly/YE5vk0 Don't forget about the Chili cup tomorrow!! Come support our friends over at Dillon's and Clery's!, Back in STOCK! http://bit.ly/153HE2x The Black Rose Rugby Shirt in Green! Get it in time for St. Pats!, Support our friends over at Dillon's and Clery's as they are participating in the 4th Annual Boston Chili Cup at Ned Devine’s on Thursday, February 21st! 22 Restaurants are competing for the Chili Cup! Proceeds to Benefit Community Work Services. Sponsored by Corona & Don Julio. Buy your tickets here http://bit.ly/YE5vk0, http://www.irishtimes.com/newspaper/front/2013/0219/1224330209319.html?cmpid=morning-digest&utm_source=morning-digest&utm_medium=email&utm_campaign=digests, Locals supporting locals and good eats!, Don't worry we won't run out. Come have Pakie pour you a pint or 4 today., Happy valentine's day!, Check out Hurricanes O'Reilly's tomorrow for some Mardi Gras themed specialty cocktails and a live broadcast with 98.5 before the Bruins game!, Check out what Chef Keenan is cooking up over at Coogan's Boston, Sidewalk is clear.  Come over for a pint.  :), We are open!   First customers of the day., 11:55pm from the Custom House parking lot., null, null, Now isn't today the perfect day for one of these. Stop by we will have them ready all day!!, Nemo is coming... Nemo is coming!! If you're trekking around the city tomorrow 2/8 in your snow shoes The Black Rose will be open with the necessary supplies- food and beer!, Enter for your chance to win a ride on a Party Limo Bus with Joe Breezy for up to 10 friends, to join Southern Comfort’s Mardi Gras parties at The Black Rose, Coogan’s, Jose McIntyre’s and Hurricane O’Reilly’s on Saturday night, February 9th! Courtesy of Southern Comfort and Sunset Limousine Service., null, null, null, Come support the Fightin Irish at The Black Rose on Monday night!, null, Thank you to all our guests and staff who made 2012 one of the best years in the history of The Black Rose!  Speaking of history, this is the 22nd year in a row that John and Joe have sat at the corner of the bar and had their first beer on New Years day as their wives are out shopping!  It is amazing how many traditions we are a part of!, One more hour to purchase tickets for tonight! Don't miss your chance to ring in the New Year with us!, What's the perfect way to end a great Christmas day? Raising a pint of Guinness with our bartenders Chistine and Kelly tonight at The Rose!  Sunday's Well takes the stage at 9:30 but the party has already started!, Get your tickets now for our New Years Eve event while they are still only $25!!!, Time is Running OUT!!! get your tickets for $25 while you still can before prices increase!!!, ROUND ONE: DILLON'S BACK BAY FRIES AND GRAVY vs. Porters’ Red Bliss Potatoes?
         You know what you have to do... VOTE FOR DILLON'S!!! , Celebrate NYE with us here at the Black Rose! Get your tickets before its took late!

http://www.glynnhospitalitygroup.com/store/tickets/, The Black Rose is looking to take home another Nightlife Award for Best Irish Bar... help us out by voting at www.nightlifeawards.com!, http://www.irishcentral.com/ent/Irelands-top-hilarious-and-plain-strange-road-signs---PHOTOS-134343613.html?mob-ua=Y, New Shirts available in the store! Spend $50 today and receive a complimentary black rose hat or $10 gift card!

www.glynnhospitalitygroup.com/store, Need a break from shopping or just a reason to stop in today., We are open for drinks, Sunday's Well takes to the stage at 9:30. Happy Thanksgiving, Happy Thanksgiving to all of our wonderful guests and especially our amazing staff. We will open tonight at 7pm. Come see Fago and Deirdre behind the bar and Sunday's Well takes to the stage at 9:30pm., null, http://www.glynnhospitalitygroup.com/uncategorized/gobble-gobble/, It's that time again...., null, Hey ND fans, catch all the events going on at The Rose this weekend. We are open now and the Guinness is flowing!!!
tonight @ 9pm - Sunday's Well @ 10pm - Celtic Clan
Saturday open at 9am for breafast. Frank Ryan performs live from 4pm-7pm. Sunday's Well live upstairs at 9pm and Cletic Clan downstairs at 10pm. 
Sunday open at 9am for breafast., ND fans as you start making your way around make sure you stop here 1st, the Guinness, the food, the live music and the staff will make you stay all weekend., Get your Irish on this weekend at the Black Rose, null, null, We will be open for lunch and drinks starting at 11am. Come join us today., null, Memories of Dublin from 1965, http://vimeo.com/51176102, http://www.irishcentral.com/travel/Top-ten-little-known-facts-about-Ireland-ahead-of-the-Gathering-2013-173265331.html?mob-ua=Y&c=y
Are You heading to Ireland for the 
"Gathering", null, Still time to get your vote in for our friends at Sterling's. Competition ends today at noon., http://www.irishcentral.com/roots/Top-ten-strange-and-weird-Irish-curses-when-you-really-want-to-hex-your-enemy-171586881.html?mob-ua=Y
, Ryder Cup weekend come cheer them on with a Pint at The Black Rose, null, Guinness time come celebrate "Arthur's Day" at The Black Rose. Pouring pints of the great Black Stuff all day!!!!!!, null, http://www.irishcentral.com/roots/The-top-ten-essentials-for-a-traditional-Irish-breakfast---sausages-rashers-tea-and-more-170693166.html?mob-ua=Y, Fall is here why not try some of these at home or better still stop by THe Black Rose and try them out, null, null, Check out what Chef Kennan has going on at Granary Tavern tomorrow night, Check out what Chef Kennan has going on at Granary Tavern tomorrow night, Come in and grab a Guinness!!!, null, null, null, We always said these Irish guys are smart!!!!!, Don't Miss out!!!!, null, null, null, null, Tribute to Ireland by the Notre Dame marching band during halftime of the game today., A Classic song for "An Autumn Day" sung by a genius who left us way too soon!!!, Read more: http://www.irishcentral.com/roots/Top-ten-words-the-Irish-use-that-never-fail-to-confuse-Americans-167418095.html#ixzz24ZcY0bqn, null, If you love rugby check out the USARL Grand Finals next Saturday at MIT's Steinbrenner Stadium. 6pm start.  Support the Boston 13's! http://www.facebook.com/#!/Boston13s, Check out what is happening tonight from our good friends over at Dillon's Boston, null, A guy came into the bar tonight with his wife and proudly exclaimed he was here for our first St. Patrick's day 35 years ago. It took him four days to get home and his wife didn't speak to him for a week after that...... Welcome back old friend.... Welcome back....  Still married to the same girl too!, http://offerpop.com/FacebookContestEntry.psp?c=132242&u=5354&a=254553244581393&p=68851348700&rest=0&id=453707&rest2=0
Please take a minute to vote for this fantastic picture from lough derg in Ireland it would mean a lot to one of our favorite followers. , null, null, Check out whats going on at Hurricanes O'Reilly's this Saturday!

http://www.jamn945.com/event_portal/view/calendar/event.html?event_id=245292, The McTeggarts are getting ready to take the main stage while Celtic Clan will be upstairs Friday and Saturday and don't forget Bobbly Folkes playing happy hour all weekend! http://www.irishusa.com/mcteggarts/, The last event was hilarious. Hope we can make it out for this one. , Tickets still available for our Summer Booze Cruise!!! Get them here: http://bit.ly/PQXutC, More great things from the Glynn Group to come this summer!, From all our staff we would like to say thank you to all the military men, women and families that have stopped by this week and raised a pint with us!  Thank you for your serivce!, http://www.glynnhospitalitygroup.com/uncategorized/black-rose-wins-bostons-best-irish-bar/, Coming in town for the tall ships? Stop by the Black Rose for a pint and meet the sailors!  A special thank you to the dozens of men and women of the HMCS Iroquouis who celebrated their first day on land at the Rose.  http://www.navy.forces.gc.ca/iroquois/1/1-s_eng.asp, People love singing "Sweet Caroline"!, A full dining room and bar enjoying the music and atmosphere of the Rose on Wednesday night., A full dining room and bar enjoying the music and atmosphere of the Rose on Wednesday night., NOW OPEN! Head down to Granary Tavern and see what all the excitement is about! Located at 170 Milk Street across the Greenway from the Aquarium., Check out some great pictures taken by Stuff Boston of our Block Party! Great Night! Great Event! Looking forward to our 21st Birthday next year, Thank you to everyone who braved the heat and came out to the block party yesterday!  The staff had a great time and the bands and DJ's were great!  Start your weekend early with a pint of Guinness and watch Germany and Greece in the Euro cup quarter finals at 2:30!, Join us tomorrow for a great way to kink off the summer! , Take a look at the first article and pictures taken of the newest Glynn Hospitality Group restaurant... GRANARY TAVERN!!, null, Finally, some summer weather over the next few days!  Come in and enjoy one of our lobster specials and a perfectly poured pint of Guinness!, Bring your horse, just make sure you leave him outside!  Its a lovely day for a Guinness, live music at 9:30 on both floors, null, null, null, Euro 2012 starts in 30 min!  Both floors open all day. First up is Poland vs Greece.... Plenty of Carlsberg to help you cheer on your team, Its not quite that dangerous to get a Guinness, but if it was it would be worth it!   Live music at 9:30 with the McTeggerts, Come in out of the rain, your Guinness is waiting for you.... Live music at 9:30 with Terry Brennan, June is here and we are getting ready for a big month!  First up is the opening of our new restaurant the Granary Tavern, "I only believe in moderation when its in moderation" Sinead Murphy, Irish Writer.... We can certainly help you moderate the moderation!  Live music both floors in 30 min!, null, null, If you have two it must be even better! Live music tonight with Celtic Clan...., If you can't be here..... Live music at 9:30, a little bit of Ireland in Boston.., We can help you fill in the blanks!   Live music tonight with Te__y Br__nan, plenty of you know what on draft...., null, Yes they do! And we have plenty of both... Come down and check out the new flag and enjoy some lobsters, Guinness and live music, Stop by today and pick up your "reward"     Live music at 9:30, front door should be open all day   =), What's the rush indeed?!  Take your time and stop by the Black Rose, plenty of Jameson to help you slow down and relax..., Couldn't get a ticket for Euro 2012, don't worry we will have every game on. Matches start Friday June 8th at noon. Ireland takes to the field on Sunday June 10th @ 2:45pm., June 4th is the last Beer Dinner at Brownstone! They even added a Sam Adams Tap Takeover to the night! Here is your chance to try beer that has never been on tap before! 
Clear your calenders and call now for your reservation! 617-867-4142, Check out what's new in the store!!  , Congrats to all the college graduates today! After a long ceremony take your visting relatives where they want to go.. the Black Rose for a pint!  Live music at 4 and 9:30 PM, Next time you are in town try a little taste of Boston! Sam Adams Lager, Summer Ale and Boston Brick Red!


Live music at 4pm and tonight at 9:30 both floors!, Smart bear.. Don't trade your Guinness for anything!

Live music both floors tonight!, Steady as she goes!!    Live music at 9:30 tonight with one of our favorites, Frank Ryan and Celtic Clan, Live music at 9:30 with Celtic Clan!  breithlá shona duit!, Fago!, Unless you planned ahead and got you Mother a Guinness gift basket it looks like you will have to do the next best thing and come to the Rose....Live music at 4 and 9pm, plenty of Guinness for Mom!, 79 and Sunny today. Why yes it is a great day for a Guinness.....Live music at 4pm and both floors at 9:30 tonight!, Live music tonight with our favorites!!!   Devri Irish on the 2nd floor!, Like the newest addition to The Glynn Hospitality Group! 

Coming in June!, The view from the Guinness brewery could almost be a shot of Boston today..... Come in out of the rain, a pint will bring you some sunshine, Live music on the 2nd floor tonight from 7-10 with Devri... Then the party starts on the 1st floor at 10 pm with the McTeggerts!, Its always better to be on the outside of the fishbowl!  Live music at 9:30 tonight. Plenty of Guinness to make you happy.., Just like most of our staff!    Live music with Terry Brennan at 9:30, plenty of Irish to make you smile..., May the 4th be with you....... Live music on both floors tonight.. Plenty of Guinness to bring you to the dark side, Magners newest flavor now in stock at the bar. Magners Berry is the perfect way to start your night. Celtic Clan perform at 9:30pm tonight and all this week, null, Man U / Man City is on with full sound. Come on in and enjoy the derby. Plenty of Guinness on draught and Terry Brennan performs tonight at 9:30, null, Devri rocked the house last night!!  See them and the McTeggerts tonight as we have you covered in live Irish music on both floors!, We like this tongue twister better than that Peter piper thing.. Guinness is way better than pickled peppers anyway! Live music tonight with Devri and the McTeggarts!, Tonight at 7pm upstairs, live music with Irish Whispa! 10 pm on the first floor with the McTeggarts..., Rain, Guinness, Black Rose........   Live music at 9:30 with the one and only Terry Brennan, We love to see our name in lights..... Live music at 4 and 9:30 pm!, A lot of work goes into every pint!   Live music at 4pm with Tom O'Carroll, lots of Guinness and we will do all the work..., Our best selling item.. Now Available in Black!   Live music tonight at 9:30 with Sunday's Well..., We have some new T-Shirts AND a Black Rugby shirt in our store and available at the Rose......, Every pour of Guinness needs to reach its own finish line...  Live music tonight, plenty of Guinness for your tired legs, If it was us I would say we would need a Guinness right around mile 8... Good Luck to everyone tomorrow, join us after the race!, I wonder if a new record would be set if this pint was at the finish line Monday... welcome and good luck to all the runners! We will be here waiting to pour your own personal marathon trophy..., The perfect picture for Red Sox Opening day and Friday the 13th!  Think positive at the Black Rose all day... Live music at 9:30, Tullamore Dew, since 1829...at the Black Rose since 1976...

Live music at 9:30 with Celtic Clan, don't miss the Tullamore Dew event a week from today!, Tonight at 7pm on the 2nd floor!  Don't miss the first apperance on The Alehounds at the Black Rose..... Live music with Celtic Clan at 10pm so we have you covered with 6 straight hours of fun!, 3,000 Likes!!!  Thank you all very much   :), Don't miss out on a great and informative night next Thursday April 19th!, null, You don't have to dig that far to find your Guinness....160 State Street in Boston will do the trick     Live music at 9:30, please leave the Toucan at home!, Now this is an Easter basket we would enjoy!   You know that point when you get a little tired of the relatives? Well we will be here waiting patiently for you.. Live music at 4pm and again t 9:30   Happy Easter, Follow your nose.... Live music at 4pm and both floors at 9:30.. Should be a great day at the Black Rose, Its always a Good day for a Guinness...... Live music on both floors tonight, plenty of Fish, Chips and Guinness, Tonight on the 2nd floor of the Rose!, Even Darth Vader needs a little help from his friends!

Live music tonight at 9:30, may the force be with you.., Who are we to argue??   Live music tonight at 9:30 with Sunday's Well, plenty of Guinness for your health!, It looks like Jameson's red headed cousin racked up some kudos of its own...... Live music at 4pm and again at 9:30, plenty of Red Breast for your sipping pleasure, Well hopefully these 3 lucky winners aren't fans of the Black Rose because their tickets aren't worth 10% off your food today and tomorrow March 31st-April 1st...... Just give your server your "losing" ticket and we will discount your food 10%, We are willing to take the chance!...... While we want everyone to win bring in your losing March 30th Mega Millions ticket and receive 10% off your food this weekend March 31st and April 1st..., Follow the yellow brick road.... We think it leads to the Black Rose. Live music tonight at 9:30 plenty of Guinness for all, Live music tonight at 9:30 and tomorrow night at 7pm on the 2nd floor and 9:30 on the first floor. You know you can't get enough of the best place to see Live Irish Music..., Believe it or not it has been one year since we lost Eugene... , On March 31st, 2012 approximately 25-50 ‘shavees’ will donate their locks and shave their scalps with the goal of generating $50,000 to help Conquer Kids’ Cancer! The event will be held at Dillon’s Restaurant in the Back Bay; with an estimated attendance of over 200, the event is sure to generate a ‘buzz’.  The clippings will commence at 3pm.  We will be featuring a mother, daughter tandem that unselfishly shaved their locks last year and will be here again to inspire and remind us of why we are all involved!  In addition, there will be door prizes, raffle draws, silent auction items (sporting event tickets, restaurant packages, signed memorabilia etc.) to help boost the fundraising efforts., This Wednesday join us for the Smithwick's Irish Music Sessions... 7pm on the 2nd floor with (their first appearance!) of Boston's Erin Og... , The game starts at 7pm at the Garden. To all you visiting Syracuse and Ohio State fans the real fun starts at 9:30.... Live music both floors, plenty of Guinness to help you celebrate (or forget!)
, Lobsters Love Guinness....You love Lobsters... It seems like a match has been made!   The door is open, live music at 9:30 PM.., null, NCAA Tourney fans join us for lunch and dinner before the games and make sure to check out Celtic Clan after the games. Music starts at 9:30pm., Keep the doctor away..... The front door is open, Live music at 9:30.., null, A huge thanks to everyone that made it out to The Rose this past week. It was a huge success and we couldn't have done it without all of you. Hopefully we will see everyone again soon. 

To our staff: Vinny and I can't thank you enough for all of your incredible work and dedication over the past 10 days. Thank you so much., Last day of the weekend celebration!!!  Live music with Sunday's Well tonight at 8pm, plenty of Guinness to make you want to call in sick tomorrow..., Everyone is an angel today... Live music both floors starts at noon, plenty of Guinness for toasting. Happy St. Patrick's Day everyone, A name tag might be helpful this weekend...One day til the big party! Stephie Coplan live at 10am tomorrow. Live music on both floors tonight., Special guests Devri on the main stage tonight it you are in town! Only 2 more days til St. Patricks!, Come over to the Dark Side....Bring some green with you.  Live music tonight with Sunday's Well, leave the light saber at home, null, We are ready for the next 4 days!   The question is are you.   Live music tonight both floors, Stephie Coplan on Saturday morning at 10am and Sundays Well pretty much every minute for the weekend.. See you soon, The St. Patrick's partying start tonight. Live music on the 2nd floor at 7pm with Revel's Glen, Sunday's Well on the 1st floor at 10pm, plenty of Guinness on both floors...., If you are in town tonight stop by for our Jameson Whiskey Dinner!  $40, 4 courses, 4 Whiskeys... , Join us Saturday!!!!, Last night of the week for the McTeggerts!! The music starts at 9:30..., Join us this Tuesday for a great night. Enjoy a little Irish Whiskey and a four course meal for only $40. Call us now to make your reservation!, Even Yoda eventually comes over to the dark side....... Live Music at 4 and 9:30 (both floors!). May the Force be with you...., Only 8 days away!! , null, null, We were going to have Octopus at the Jameson dinner next Tuesday, but John Jameson decided to bring just the barrel of Whiskey! 4 courses, 4 Rare Irish Whiskeys, no sea creatures in sight...., The perfect pint champion Eugene Hoade (left) from the Littlest Bar and runner up Jimmy Ariel from Lir. Congrats to Clery's Jimmy Blizard for finishing 3rd!, Tonight at 7pm at the Black Rose come cheer on your favorite bartenders in the first annual Boston Guinness Perfect Pint contest! Some of the bars competing include Anthem, Mr Dooleys, The Druid and McGanns just to name a few!! See you tonight!, null, If you are in town kick off the week in style with our Jameson Irish Whiskey Dinner!  Call or email us for more details or to reserve your space!, Raise a pint!    Only 13 days til St. Patrick's Day and we have a lot up our sleeve......., Its raining out so if you must get wet.........  Live music at 4pm and both floor tonight at 9:30!, null, Good day for an Irish coffee but then again, when isn't it..... Live Music at 9:30 with Sunday's Well, We are kicking off St. Patrick's Day right with a Jameson Dinner!! Tuesday, March 13th we are hosting a 4 course dinner with 4 Jameson drinks for only $40. Call now and reserve your seat- 617-742-2286, We are kicking off St. Patrick's Day right with a Jameson Dinner!! Tuesday, March 13th we are hosting a 4 course dinner with 4 Jameson drinks for only $40. Call now and reserve your seat- 617-742-2286, Sure you COULD enjoy a Guinness at home, but we doubt you have room for a stage and Terry Brennan.... Live Music at 9:30, tonight and every night, Jameson Girls!, Slow and steady wins the race.... Live music at 4pm and again at 9:30.  Rabbits and Turtles alike welcome, Live Music tonight and every night. One of our favorites the McTeggerts!, Join Guinness and WZLX Thursday night at 7pm. They will have some great prizes and the Guinness girls will be here. Do you really need anything more???, School vacation week fun!  Stop by the Rose after, we have more lobsters than the Aquarium......, At least we know one President who knows how to celebrate a holiday!  Happy Presidents Day, plenty of Guinness and you won't be surrounded by the Secret Service, If you can't make it to the distillery we have plenty on hand...... Irish Coffee and Live music for most of the day....., What did we ever do before cell phones??   Live music at 9:30 with Sunday's Well, don't forget to silence your ringers....., null, Stop by after the Aquarium... Please leave the fish and mammals behind....Live music at 9:30, plenty of Guinness for your muscles, Your mother wants flowers..... Give your sweetheart what she really wants........ Live music at 9:30, plenty of Guinness for that special someone, Just in case you forgot where it comes from..... Live music with Terry Brennan at 9:30, plenty of Dublin's finest on draft, Celtics at 3:30 today. Stop by the Rose before OR after the game.... (If you do both we won't mind either!)  Live music at 4 and 9:30 pm, Cheer on Ireland today live at 3pm!  We have both floors open, plenty of Guinness, Harp and Smithwicks for everyone...., Live music with the McTeggerts all week! Starts at 9:30 PM , null, Join the Boston Orange tonight at 7pm for Syracuse vs. Georgetown! 
Bring in a non-perishable food item and receive a raffle ticket!!, Help the Boston Orange tomorrow night and Can It!! Come watch the #2 ranked Syracuse Orange take on longtime rival Georgetown at 7pm in the upstairs bar. Help fight hunger and bring some canned food., If you are in Boston today you might need a pint (or two) to help lick your wounds.... Live music with Terry Brennan at 9:30, plenty of cheer-me-up on draft...., Live music from 3 to 6pm today with Frank Ryan. We think everyone's attention might be focused elsewhere at 6:29!!   Celtic Clan live after the "Big Game" as well....., Join us for Celtic Clan!! Tonight live at the Black Rose!  , Now on draft!!, Guinness for strength!!   A little Black Rose Beef Stew won't hurt either..... Live music at 9:30 with the McTeggarts!, If you had your first date at the Black Rose it seems right you should take your engagement photos here too!!  Congrats to Becky and John!, Devri rocked the house last night!!!  Come see them again, last show til they go on their cruise (we think the ships name is the SS Minnow so we are suggesting you see them tonight.....)  , Only 125 calories per serving. Its recommended you consume around 2000 calories per day, we are confident you can plan accordingly.... Live music (and first ever show at the Rose!!!) with Devri tonight at 9:30..., Join Devri tomorrow night for their first performance here at the Black Rose, the party starts at 9:30, we may have to hide the Magners however...., The front door is open!!!  Live music at 9:30, enjoy the day then finish with a pint...., Come support the Boston Orange. Syracuse Mens Basketball Game Watching Party tonight in the upstairs bar. Tip is at 7pm. $3 Labatt Blue and Blue Light cans while they last. Then Terry Brennan will perform downstairs starting at 9:30pm., Pats are in The Super Bowl!!!!!!!, Pats game on surround sound now. Sunday's Well takes to the stage at 9:30pm. Syracuse Orange Mens Baskeball Game Watching Party tomorrow at 6pm., Would you rather be stuck at home or stuck here at the Rose? We are 99.99% sure we have more Guinness on hand then you do....... Live music at 4pm and again at 9:30., Good things come to those who wait, although all you have to do it say "Hey Christine, How about a pint??" Live music at 9:30, patience rewarded..., We want to change jobs with Fergal, just for a week! Live music at 9:30, serving Fergals Guinness all day long...., Sundays Well tonight @ 9:30.  Stop by the best Irish bar in the city!, Check out Terry Brennan tonight and every Monday at the Black Rose! , null, Live music with Frank Ryan and Celtic Clan tonight at 9:30!!  Always a good time, If you have two we won't tell.... Live music at 9:30 PM with Celtic Clan, Live musci at 9:30 with Terry Brennan. Plenty of Jameson Irish Coffee to warm your insides......, Don't miss the last night of the McTeggerts!!! Live music at 9:30 PM...., Guinness, light as a feather...... It's cold outside but its nice and warm at the Rose. Live music at 9:30, featherlight Guinness poured all day, We told them they would be waiters so they wouldn't panic..... Lobster and a Guinness, live music at 9:30, null, Champagne is for wimps!! Ring in the New Years at the Black Rose! Only $60 for a three course dinner, two drinks and a Guinness Toast at Midnight! ($25 cover the night of NYE gets you the Guinness toast too!) Call or email us with any questions....., Champagne is for wimps!! Ring in the New Years at the Black Rose! Only $60 for a three course dinner, two drinks and a Guinness Toast at Midnight!  ($25 cover the night of NYE gets you the Guinness toast too!)  Call or email us with any questions....., The bar is open at 7pm!!   Come raise a pint of Christmas spirit, Black Rose style, LIVE MUSIC at 9:30 with the McTeggarts!, And you thought Santa used reindeer!    Open for lunch today.  Stop by for a pint of Christmas cheer!, Share some with your friends!  Plenty of Guinness for you and your friends here at the Rose, open all day today, lunch tomorrow and Christmas night!!, The perfect stocking stuffer...... Available here at the Rose on Christmas Day (opening at 7pm, live music Christmas night at 9:30!), Don't miss one of our favorites this week! The McTeggarts are playing!! , Only four more days!! We are open Christmas Eve day from 10-4pm and we open Sunday, Christmas Day at 7pm with live music at 9:30!!, Just a little shopping help if you are stuck...... Live music on both floors tonight! Plenty of Guinness for your stockings and stomach, 9 shopping days til Christmas! Are you thinking what we are thinking?? Plenty of time to dance at the Black Rose and drink some Guinness! We wouldn't panic until next Friday...... Live music with the McTeggerts at 9:30, During the holiday season, as we share and give thanks… helping others is what makes life most precious!
Dillons and Ketel One are teaming up this Thursday the 15th to support and bring awareness to MDA.
“MDA is the nonprofit health agency dedicated to curing muscular dystrophy, ALS and related diseases by funding worldwide research. The Association also provides comprehensive health care and support services, advocacy and education. MDA combats neuromuscular diseases through programs of worldwide research, comprehensive medical and support services, and far-reaching professional and public health education.”
 For more information about MDA please visit www.mdausa.org.
We are kindly requesting a $20 donation at the door.
There will be complimentary drinks by Ketel One, passed appetizers, and raffle prizes.
Come down and show some support between 7-10pm in the spirit of the holidays! 
Dillons@irishconnection.com- 995 Boylston St- 617-421-1818, Live music every Monday night with Terry Brennan!, Our front door is only 50 yards away from the tree!   Live music at 4pm and again at 9:30!, E=MC squared--- A much simpler formula for success is Guinness+Black Rose=Great times..... Live music with Celtic Clan at 9:30, not too long to wait after all, Will Guinness make you stronger? A picture is worth a thousand words! Live music at 9:30, Guinness for strength all day...., null, The Holidays are fast approaching... Dillon's Boston and Ketel One are teaming togeather to raise money and awareness for the Muscular Dystrophy Association. December 15th from 7-10pm... Natalie Pietrzak, Miss Massachusetts USA 2012 will be there to show her support... will you!?!, Don't miss our Irish New Years celebration!!! , Light as a feather....... Live music tonight (and every night) at 9:30, We still have a few dates open for Holiday get togethers. Our 2nd floor is the best place for your party!!  Drop us a line to see what we have available!  Live music tonight with Terry Brennan!, Jameson's and Ginger, Jameson's and Water, Jameson's on the rocks..... Oh well you get the idea!  Live music at 4pm and on both floors tonight at 9:30!, Last day of our Black Friday weekend long merchandise! Save 20% off merchandise AND gift cards. Ends tonight!, We want to thank everyone who came out and celebrated our 35th anniversary last night. We will have lots of pictures (even the blackmail ones) up in the next few days. Lets get right to the start of year 36! Live music at 9:30 with Sunday's Well!  Slainte...., Just in case you needed any more retail therapy this weekend. All of our merchandise is 20% and if for every $25 gift card you buy you get an extra $5! Good at all 8 of our locations!  Now thats the Craic....., In case you still need baking ideas for today.... Bring some of these by and we will probably buy you a pint or two. Bar open at 7pm, Live music (and your escape from the in-laws) starts at 9:30!  Happy Thanksgiving everyone!, Don't miss our first annual Black Friday sale. Get the T-Shirts that everyone wants! Regular hours today, open at 7pm with live music on Thanksgiving!, Don't miss out on our Black Friday Sale starting 11/25-12/2, Live music tonight and 364 days a year (hmmm maybe Sean Cunningham is Santa since Christmas eve is the only night we don't have music!), Last chance of the week to catch our favorites the McTeggarts!  Live music with Jim Coyle at 4pm as well. See you at the Black Rose!, The calm before the storm!  If you are coming in for the Tree Lighting today at Faneuil Hall make sure you stop by the Black Rose, Irish Coffee will warm you right back up! Live music at 4pm and 9:30!, Only one week til Thanksgiving! We are open regular hours on Wed Thanksgiving eve and we open at 7pm (with live music!) on Thanksgiving!, In case you feel like dancing today!  Live music at 9:30 PM, plenty of room to dance along..., Thanks to everyone who voted us the Best Irish Bar in Boston! Where else would you get your perfect pint of Guinness the next time you are in Boston!! Live music at 9:30 with the McTeggerts!, Live music with Terry Brennan @ 9:30 tonight.  Its Monday night. Perfect night for a pint or two....., Frank Ryan and the Celtic Clan will be live tonight at 9:30 PM!!If that isn't enough we have the freshest Guinness in Boston....., Don't miss your chance to get your picture taken with the cup!!!!, 0% Dissapointment, Exactly what we strive for!   Live music at 9:30 with Terry Brennan, plenty of Magners..., Mark the date of November 30th for our anniversary party! More details this coming week!, Can't make it to Boston this month. You can order a little piece of the Black Rose to be delivered right to your door!    , Enjoy a Magner's and the McTeggerts tonight! , GlynnCo_Nov2.indd, One of our favorites the McTegggets are here all week!  Live music starts at 9:30 pm...., and you thought it was easy to pour a perfect pint. Come to the place that has poured over 3 million of them.... Live music at 4 and 9:30 PM, 4 to 8 inches of snow tonight?? No place better to be snowbound. We swear to have enough Jameson and Baileys for your coffees all day long!  Live music at 4pm and again both floors at 9:30. Leprechaun costumes welcomed, Start your weekend at the Black Rose. Live music on both floors tonight starting at 9ish (musicians aren't the most dependable bunch!)  Mention this status update and skip the $5 cover, tonight only!, Well a lovely day if you are a seal.........  Come on down and get dry with a pint.... Live music at 9:30 PM, Mmmmmmmm, Fresh brewed coffee, Jameson's Irish Whiskey and home made whipped cream.   See you at the Rose today!, Terry Brennan live every Monday night at the Rose, plenty of Irish Coffee to take the chill of the bones........, Happy hour music today from 4 pm to 7 pm. Join us and raise a pint to Tom..., Don't try this at home!!!  (actually don't try it here either!)   Live music on both floors, perfect pints of Guinness all day long...., Protect the Mason's daughter, and of course your Jameson....

Live music with the McTeggerts at 9:30, Irish Coffee kind of day.. , St. James Gate, the home of Guinness, The Black Rose is where Guinness goes on vacation.....

Live Music with Terry Brennan at 9:30, Follow your nose to the Black Rose........    Live Music today at 4pm and 9:30 and of course plenty of Guinness!, Planning a party? We can host any type of event on our 2nd floor Sunday through Thursday. Drop us a line for more details or with any questions!!! Boston's Best Irish Bar is the place for your party!   L, Homemade Bread Pudding or a Guinness and Cookies, choose the perfect ending to your Black Rose meal...... Live music at 9:30, See you tonight!, Some hard working bees...... Enjoy an ice cold Magners, Lived music at 4pm and 9:30!, Our 35th anniversary T-Shirts are selling like hot cakes! Pick yours up on line or here at the Rose! Take a picture of yourself wearing one and tag us in the photo. We like to see our shirts all over the country and the world!!, Time for a cool sharp Harp!  Now carrying Harp and Smithwick's. Live music both floors tonight, plenty of cold beer...., Don't miss out on our limited edition 35th anniversary Guinness pint glasses! Available here at the Rose only! $6 each or 2 for $10, In case you missed the Jamesons girls this Sunday, they will be back the 9th and the 16th at 5PM!  Live music tonight at 9:30 and it looks like an Irish Coffee kind of day....., Attending the DMA:2011 Conference? Stop by The Black Rose this week or one of our other locations and check out our daily specials while enjoying a pint, Traditional Irish Breakfast, (we get our sausage from an Irish butcher!), served till 11:30. See you soon....... Live music at 4pm and 9:30!!, Vanna we would like to buy a vowel.....And a few Guinness please. Happy Hour music at 4pm, Live music both floors tonight at 9:30, Vote for your favorite Glynn Hospitality group Bartenders & Venues for next Tuesdays NightLife Awards, Normmmmmm, Great Bar, Great Beer, What more can you ask for? Live Music at 9:30. Now carrying Smithwicks!, There is method in the Magner's.....  Live music tonight and every night! , Live music tonight with Terry Brennan at 9:30. Plenty of Guinness and Jameson's for everyone!, Live music tonight with Celtic Clan on the first floor and McTeggerts upstairs. Should be a great night!, The Black Rose, much better than the last bar.........., Did you know we serve breakfast Saturday and Sunday morning?? Guinness Bloody Mary anyone...., We can't get you here, but we try really really hard........ Live music tonight and every night..., Join us tonight at the Rose!  Live music with Celtic Clan tonight at 9:30, plenty of Guinness for everyone  :), Joshua Tree tonight at the Black Rose! Show starts at 10 PM sharp! Join us for our halfway to St. Patricks party!, http://irishmassachusetts.com/september.php, Black Rose - - 1/2 Way to St. Patrick's Day Celebrations





Featuring Joshua Tree

The Black Rose
160 State Street, Boston
9:30 pm | blackroseboston.com

The event is part of the world-famous Black Rose 35th anniversary celebrations taking place in 2011. The Rose opened at 160 State Street in Boston in 1976, when Richard Ford was US President and a few months before Faneuil Hall first opened.  Since then it has gained a world-wide following, and offers live Irish music seven nights a week, a great menu and drinks selection, and a special ambiance that keeps people coming back., Only 2 days till our halfway to St. Pats party!  Sponsored by Guinness and featuring the Joshua Tree!, Check out our new appetizers, Curry Chips and the new favorite Corned Beef Sliders!, null, Only 6 days till our Halfway to St. Pats Party with the Joshua Tree! Show starts at 9:30 PM on Saturday night. Don't miss out!, null, Check out our new entrees, Chicken Pot Pie, Chicken Curry and our new favorite Open Faced Guinness Marinated Steak Sandwich, Our anniversary glasses are available at the Rose this weekend if you are in town!!!   Online by next week. We will keep you posted!!   Live music at 9:30 all weekend with Celtic Clan too btw     :), Available soon!!!  Online and at the Rose. The perfect gift to help celebrate our 35th Anniversary!, null, TO Arthur!!      Live music at 9:30   Raise a pint..., If you wanted to vote for us as Best Irish Bar we wouldn't complain   :) , null, Go Ireland!!!, An oldie but a goodie!   Hope everyone enjoys their Labor Day off!  We will be working hard pouring perfect pints so its only fair you stop in and enjoy. Live music at 9:30!, Two weeks til Halfway to St. Pats!!!  We will be partying with the Joshua Tree. 

Live music tonight (and every night) at 9:30. See you here! 

, Guinness' newest beer as arrived and we have it. Come in this weekend and try Guinness Black Lager, only available in 12oz. bottles., One of our favorites!  Tonight and all through the weekend!  Come down and enjoy...., a little Bailey's on the rocks, no words even needed.....

Live music at 9:30, it does get fairly loud in here!, Available next week!!  New Guinness Black lager...., Its still 19 days till our Halfway to St. Patricks party with Joshua Tree, excuse us if we are just a little excited!!, This little hurricane won't stop the Rose tomorrow!! See you in the AM, A storm brewing with every pour (and we should know since we have poured over 3 million perfect ones....), Tonight is the night!! For only $10 you can sample the Long Trail's family of fall beers (and vote for your favorite), have some apps and listen to some great Irish music from Devri! 2nd floor of the Black Rose starting at 7pm. Live music on the first floor with Sunday's Well at 9:30. See you tonight!...., We thought this sounded so good we just added it to our new menu! Now that we shared the recipe you COULD make this at home, but unless you have Guinness on draft to wash it down with we suggest you have it at the Rose with us   :)   , This Thursday join us for Long Trail family of ales tap takeover! Upstairs from 7-10pm. Live music from Devri, appetizers and sampling of 5 different beers! Only $10, Today is the day!!!    Irish Music Booze Cruise around Boston Harbor. Pre-Party at the Rose at 11am with live music, boat sails at 2pm sharp with live music from Sunday's Well and back here at 6pm with the McTeggerts for the after party. Tickets still available. Come on down to the Black Rose!!, Booze Cruise is 24 1/2 hours away. Get your tickets today before they are sold out. Boat leaves Sunday at 2pm. Sunday's Well to perform on the boat til 5. We will see everyone there., Question: What is the Irish Music Cruise going to be like this Sunday? 

Answer: Picture the first floor of the Rose on a Satuday night, music loud, people dancing, bar pumping. Well the only difference is when you look to your left you will see the islands in Boston Harbor instead of the Sausage King!, Congrats to our 3 Millionth Pint winner Sean! This kicks off the three months of celebrations for our birthday! Next up, the Irish music Booze Cruise this Sunday at 2pm. Email us for tickets or with any questions. rose@irishconnection.com. See you Sunday!, It's looking like tonight!! We will pour our 3 millionth pint of Guinness in our 35 year history tonight! The recipient will receive a pair of Dropkick Murphys tickets to their Fenway Park show! Come on down and drink some Guinness..., There is still time to purchase your tickets for this Sunday's Irish Music Booze Cruise! Email us at rose@irishconnection.com for tickets or with any questions! 

Oh and by the way we should be pouring our 3 Millionth pint of Guinness either tonight or tomorrow!!! The person who gets that perfect pour gets a pair of Dropkick Murphy tickets!!!, Its a Black and White kind of day.  A little Jameson's to warm you belly, live music at 9:30 to warm the rest of you....., Sometimes a T-Shirt can say it all!   The 3 millionth pint of Guinness is sure to be poured this week!!!, and the next logical place for the bride and groom to be so they can celebrate their engagement..... the Black Rose of course!  Congrats to Dawn and Mike!!!, null, Don't miss the boat!!! Only 8 days till our Irish Music booze cruise next Sunday August 21st with Sunday's Well. Pre-party starts here at the Rose at 11am and the boat departs at 2pm sharp. Tickets are still available online or at the store. Drop us an email with any questions!  rose@irishconnection.com, We are roughly at 2,998,200 pints of Guinness sold. The person who get our 3 Millionth Guinness get a pair of Dropkick Murphy tickets to Fenway Park! We are thinking it will be sometime in the next 10 days!!!, Only 10 days left to buy your tickets!!! The Irish Music Booze Cruise with Sunday's Well sets sail Sunday August 21st at 2pm. Pre-party at the Rose at 11 am and after party back at the Rose with the McTeggerts at 6pm!, We reached 2,000 likes today!!!   Only 2,998,000 to go and we will equal the number of Guinness's sold in our 35 year history! :), Tonight at our sister restaurant Dillons!

Stuff Magazine Celebrates, One Night Issue at Dillon’s Sponsored by Mount Gay Rum!!!

From 6-8 pm join us for one hour of complimentary Mount Gay Rum drinks and appetizers!

Giveaways and even a steel drum performance!
, You like to party, we like to host parties. Drop us an email and maybe we can put a little Irish in your celebrations!, So light you could almost float away.....

Red sox at 4pm, Live music on both floors at 9:30 pm, We sell our mercandise to people all over the country. We thought it would be fun to start collecting pictures of people wearing our T-Shirts and Sweatshirts next to a landmark or scene that showcases other parts of the country or world. Just take a picture and tag us in it. Best picture by vote will receive a cool prize!, We are going to be selling our _____________'th pint of Guinness this month since we opened our doors in 1976. As part of the 35th birthday celebration fill in the blank. The first person to guess correctly get a $25 gift card!, Less than 3 weeks to our first annual Irish Music Booze Cruise! Buy your tickets online or stop by the Black Rose. Drop us an email at rose@irishconnection.com if you have any questions! August 21st from 2 to 5pm the Black Rose floats!, Curragh's Fancy tonight and all this week! Live at 9:30 on the first floor. Live music 7 nights a week and 364 days a year....., We can only get you so close online......

Live music at 9:30. Guinness all day, The new T-Shirts are available online!  Don't miss out!
, 35'th Anniversary T-shirts are here! We have them in black or green, long or short sleeve!  Available here at the Rose all weekend and online by next week! Limited supply!!, Should be a fun night. Great beers and the only appearance of the year by Devri here at the Rose!, Even the Don loves his Guinness....., Only 3 and a half weeks till our Irish Music Cruise! Get your tickets now online. $25 per person. Any questions drop us a line at rose@irishconnection.com


, Summer is all about traveling but when you just can’t seem to get there, WFNX will bring the bands to you!  Straight out of the UK, Viva Brother and The Kooks will take the stage at Hurricanes O'Reilly's  for this once in a lifetime musical union on THURSDAY JULY 28th.  Both bands will play 3 to 4 songs acoustic, interview and meet their fans.  Doors open at 6pm don't be late!, We figured it would be smart to put our name in the bar floor. That way if the Guinness has kicked in you can still look down and text someone your current location....., McQuillan walked into a bar and ordered martini after martini, each time removing the olives and placing them in a jar. When the jar was filled with olives and all the drinks consumed, he started to leave.

"S'cuse me," said a customer "What was that all about?"

"Nothing," he replied, "my wife just sent me out for a jar of olives." 

Best Olives around, Guinness and Sangria too!, null, "It is better to spend money like there's no tomorrow
than to spend tonight like there's no money!"

Irish Drinking Toast

Well said, Sunday's Well at 9:30 tonight. A/C and ice cold Guinness for the heat..., Catch all the action from Jose's Block Party, null, Live music from 4-7 and 9:30 to close today. Newcastle on draft. All is well..., "I often sit back and think, 'I wish I'd done that' and find out later I already have"

Richard Harris
Actor

McTeggarts at 9:30 pm, Guinness all day long...., August is shaping up to be a great month. In addition to our first annual Irish Music Cruise we are starting our celebration of our 35th anniversary events! Sometime in August we will be pouring the 3,000,000th pint of Guinness since we opened the doors in 1976! Winner will get Dropkick Murphys tickets and other prizes! More details to follow...., "Happiness is hard to recall. Its just a glow."
Frank McCourt 

Find your "happiness" at the Black Rose tonight. Guinness on tap, the McTeggarts for dancing. 2nd Floor open at 5pm!, Its official!!! We are having our first annual Irish Music Cruise around Boston Harbor on Sunday August 21st from 2-5pm. Buy your tickets online or stop by the Rose and pick them up in person. Don't miss the boat! , 'Come day, go day
Wish in my heart it were Sunday
Drinking buttermilk thru the week
Whiskey on a Sunday'

Sounds reasonable to us. We have Jim, Jack, Jameson and Michael standing by waiting for you. Frank Ryan live at 4pm, Celtic Clan at 9:30, Who are we to argue with thingsyoushoulddo.com   Enjoy a pint tonight, Celtic Clan live at 9:30  , Peter O’ Toole was once asked what was his favorite Irish food: “My number one choice is Guinness. My number two choice would be Guinness. My number three choice would have to be Guinness.” 

We also have Shepard's Pie and Homemade Beef Stew...., null, Guinness marinated steak sandwich all day today.   To us that sounds like two birds with one stone........, Congrats to our sister restaurant Dillon's for winning best upgrade for their amazing patio! Our suggestion is to catch some rays there during the day and finish up with some live music at the Rose tonight! , Red Sox at 1:00. 2nd floor is open all day!   Live music at 9:30. We are certain it will be less of a hassle to get a seat here than the concert on the Hatch shell....   Happy 4th of July everyone!, We know the boston.com people forgot to add "Have a pint of Guinness at the Black Rose" on the info sheet but we won't hold it against them., Happy 4th of July weekend everyone! Its looks like a lovely day for a Guinness!, Tonight at the Black Rose for the first time in over a year!  Sunday's Well upstairs. See you tonight!, May we get what we want,
May we get what we need,
But may we never get what we deserve.
-Cedric 

Cheers. We are open on the 2nd floor all day. Come get what you want and need!, We are thinking about having a booze cruise in August with live Irish music. Thoughts?, Just in case you wanted to know some history. We just are satisfied that it tastes really, really good....., It's a hot day in the city today. Come into the Rose to cool off as your walking about. The 2nd floor is open during renovations today and its mighty cool up there., It's a beautiful day for some music. Tom O'Carroll from 4-7, Sunday's Well from 9:30-close. Dispatch after 11pm??? A few of them joined in with Sean and the boys last night., "May you live to be a hundred years, 
With one extra year to repent!"
Irish blessing
One of the nights you need to repent about could be tonight! See you at the Rose. Live music at 9:30..., Embrace the pear. Our Magners is ice cold (but we will still give you a glass filled with ice if you want one) , "The horse and mule live thirty years, And never knows of wines and beers.The goat and sheep at twenty die, Without a taste of scotch or rye. The cow drinks water by the ton, And at eighteen is mostly done. The dog at fifteen cashes in, Without the aid of rum or gin. But sinful, ginful, rum-soaked men, Survive three-score years and ten., And some of us…though mighty few
Stay pickled ’til we’re ninety-two.", Always a perfect pint here at The Black Rose, null, We know that everyone pretty much partied all last week and over the weekend. We also know that the temptation would be to stay in tonight and catch up on laundry etc. Here at the Black Rose we say NO WAY!  Live music with Terry Brennan at 9pm. Ice Cold Guinness all day, If you are taking your dad out to enjoy the day in Boston he might really appreciate a nice cold Guinness so he can cool off. Live musich with Tom O'Carroll at 4pm!, Hope everyone had fun last night at Jose Mcintyre's Block party! Hope you ready for another celebration...today is the 17th and you know what that means?? St. Practice day at the Rose, Did someone say celebration? On a sunny day like today a block party seems like the best way to really embrace the cup! Gates are at 5pm for Jose McIntyre's 19th Annual Block Party to Benefit Men With Heart, Grey Goose golf bag with Grey Goose gift bag
Pair of tickets for 311 at Comcast Center in Mansfield
Pair of tickets for Red Sox game on Friday June 17th
Pair of Buffett tickets
Jack Daniels Signature Electric Guitar
...just a few of the items being raffled away at tomorrow's Block Party in support of @Men with Heart., null, null, The T-Shirts are back in stock!! Our stock ran dry but now our cup runneth over. Black Rose T-Shirts and Rugby shirts are a must have., "Glac bog an saol agus glacfaidh an saol bog tú"
Take the world nice and easy, and the world will take you the same.

We think its a take the world nice and easy kind of day. Raise a pint!, Did you know?

What does Erin go Bragh mean?
The popular phrases "Erin go Bragh" or "Erin go Braugh" mean Ireland forever. It's the anglicized version of the Gaelic phrase which would be known to some Irish Americans (although its English spelling is quite meaningless). The correct spelling is "Éirinn go Brách".

Enjoy a small piece of Ireland tonight at the Rose. Frank Ryan & Celtic Clan tonight through Sunday., Join us at our sister restaurant Thursday night. We planned this months ago to be on a night the Bruins didn't play. You have to admire that much forethought!, We are used to one crazy Canadian hanging around but it looks like more than usual. Dinner before the game? Check. Drinks and watch the game here? Check. Terry Brennan live after the game. Check. PS Don't take any funny looking money, You should know a little bit about the history you enjoy so much, glass by glass..., Celtic Clan Live all weekend 9:30 to 1:30am, Frank Ryan live 10 mins ago, Come on over for a Harpoon 100 Barrel Series tonight after the American Craft Beer Fest (or a twisted tea, we won't tell) Celtic Clan on the main stage at 9:30!, The Black Rose is hosting a few unoffical after parties after the race so come on down and continue the event. 2nd floor is open as well!, Guinness give you the strength you need. We have Guinness.   Problems solved!, If you are looking at the calendar today you will notice tomorrow is June! Only 16 days to our favorite event of the summer. Mark your calendars for June 16th. See you there!, Their wedding reception wasn't as much fun as finishing the party at the Black Rose  :), If you were at the Black Rose last night you noticed
A: It was hot outside, which made the Guinness seem colder and crisper (its hot out tonight too)
B: There are a lot of Irish boys in Boston this weekend (attention ladies)
3: Sunday's Well rocked the house (tonight is their last show of the week)

We try to make it as easy as AB3......, "Here's to a long life and a merry one.
A quick death and an easy one.
A pretty girl and an honest one.
A cold beer—and another one!"
Irish Drinking Toast

Quincy Market is packed, should be a great night to raise a pint! Music at 9:30, Sundays Well tonight on the first floor, McTeggerts are upstairs. See you tonight!, The first floor is open! The brand new AC unit is on and Fago is pouring perfect pints of Guinness..... What else do you need??, Looks like a great day for a Bailey's on the rocks. C'mon on over and we will have you covered!, More info on the Block Party which is just around the corner...did you save the date on your calendar?, http://ow.ly/50gkp, Michelle had a pint too!!!!, null, "Why should you never iron a 4-leaf clover? You don't want to press your luck."

Don't press your luck! The safe bet today would be a Guinness and some Fish and Chips at the Black Rose tonight....... B's at 8, Live Music with Terry Brennan after, Lobsters and Guinness, we have you covered. Live music from 4-7 PM  and at 9:30 PM.  See you tonight!, Isn't always a lovely day for the Rose?  Lots of "Cub" sightings yesterday. Feel free to come down and root for the Sox tonight, Celtic Clan live at 9:30 as well!, Lots of Cubs shirts in here today! I guess the word is out on which bar to visit first........., But first, here are a few interesting facts about Guinness:

- Guinness is a dry stout beer, originating in Dublin, Ireland by Arthur Guinness in the mid 1700s.
- One of it’s defining flavors is its use of unmalted barley, which give it a very distinctive taste.
- The creamy head of a Guinness is a result of nitrogen being mixed while being poored.
- Canned Guinness comes with a widget which helps distribute the nitrogen which carbonates the beer as it’s being poured.
- Arthur Guinness was an incredibly smart man. He signed a 9000 year lease, fixing his entire property and all of the Guinness Factory and Storehouse at £45 per year.
- The Guinness brand is still one of the best selling alcoholic beverages in the world, and makes about $2 billion dollars each year.


And last but most important if you are going to enjoy one shouldn't you come to best Irish bar in Boston? We have your Guinness waiting for you...., The most important things to do in the world are to get something to eat, something to drink and somebody to love you. 
Brendan Behan 

We have you covered on the first two, the last one is all on you....., the renovations have started but we are still open for business everyday. Join us upstairs at the Rose for pints of Guinness, Irish Coffee's and the most authentic Irish Fare in Boston., June 9th...mark it down on your calendar...a couple of pints at the Rose and then make your way to Dillon's Boston for the Fire Fighters auction in support of MDA., John Jameson did all the hard work. All you have to do is show up to the Black Rose and order one....


Live music with Terry Brennan at 9:30. See you tonight, Its Saturday night, pub crawls are everywhere, lobster special is cooking and the Bruins flag is flying. Should be a great night at the Black Rose. Live music starting at 9:30 as well.

See you tonight!, Kevin James and Mark Wahlberg are filming their movie up the street today. I wonder what they are doing for lunch? All we can say is Kevin looks like a guy who enjoys a pint and some Shepards Pie now and again....., We just wanted to help you out with your plans for this weekend..... Come on down tonight, both floors are open!, We are waiting patiently for you......, Join us at our sister restaurant Dillon's for the Improper Beloved Bartender awards. The best part is it is at 6:30 so you can still make it over to the Black Rose for the Mcteggarts at 9:30. Congrats Nolan!, It's an 'easy going day'. Visit Christine at the Rose today for a Jameson's specialty coffee., Our staff just voted us best place to get a pint and fish and chips before the Celtics game tonight. You don't want to mess with that survey! Live music after the game wtih Terry Brennan at 9:30 PM  . See you tonight!, A man loves his sweetheart the most, his wife the best, but his mother the longest.
Irish proverb

Flowers and a card are really nice but why don't you get Mom what she really wants this year. Dinner and live music at the Black Rose. 4 to 7pm today and after 9:30 tonight. (A Bailey's on the rocks would be nice as well!), No, not this Black Rose. We want you to come to the Black Rose on State Street in Boston tonight. Curragh's Fancy at 9:30 after the Bruins game. Print out our status update and skip the line and cover. Tonight May 6th only!, "I only drink on two occasions - When I am thirsty and when I'm not thirsty."
- Brendan Behan 

I'm sure at least one of those occasions will happen to you today. Jameson or Guinness and live music with Curragh's Fancy tonight at 9:30, Happy Cinco De Mayo to our close friend Jose! Come by the Rose for some bangers and mash and then head over to Jose Mcityre's for mutliple cerveza's!, "The true nature of someone's character is revealed through their eyes" Irish Proverb

Come by and catch the Bruins tonight and Sunday's Well live at 9:30 on the first floor., Paddy Whiskey was first produced by the Cork Distilleries Company in 1779, although it was originally known as Cork Distillery Company Old Irish Whiskey.

In 1881 the company hired a young Corkman called Paddy Flaherty as salesman. Paddy travelled the pubs of Cork, buying drinks for the customers. His sales techniques were so good that his name became synonymous with the whiskey both in Ireland and abroad. In 1912, the distillery officially renamed the whiskey Paddy Irish Whiskey in his honour.


Now available at the Black Rose. (This sure made Sean very happy, I think he even sung a little bit better!), Well there is St. Patrick's Day is the holiest party day of the year for us Irish...but our brother Jose celebrates both St. Pat's and Cinco De Mayo. Join him this Wednesday and Thursday. Live concert on Wednesday with AWOL Nation., Did you know the Black Rose is celebrating its 35th anniversary this year? Big party in August and in anticipation we are giving ourselves a little 'spa' treatment. Renovations start tomorrow. Stay tuned for more info., Join the 'dark side' and join the empire in global domination. But first...we start with a Guinness!, "If he went to a wedding, he'd wait for the christening."
Said of a man who overstays his welcome

One thing that's not possible. You can't overstay your welcome at the Black Rose. Lobsters, Irish music and beer. What more do you need?, Its Friday and the weekend is here!!!  Stop by for a pint after work to kick off the weekend right. McTeggarts tonight at 9:30 all weekend!!, The McTeggart's are rocking the house right now. Remember they are back Friday, Saturday and Sunday nights downstairs starting at 9:30. Sunday's Well is upstairs Friday and Saturday night at 9pm. Bob Folkes is playing Saturday and Sunday from 4pm-7pm., Dinner and Beers before the Bruins game. Check. Beers and Live Irish music after the Bruins game. Still Check. See you at the Black Rose tonight at some point....., Its nice out. We are happy so we want you to be happy. Come on in for lunch. We have a complete lobster dinner for only $10! We won't tell if you wash it down with a Magners (wouldn't that make the second half of your workday so much nicer), null, Guinness is good for you, ergo, The Black Rose is good for you. See you later tonight for some all around goodness and to watch the Bruin take the series lead., You don't have to go to all this trouble. We made it easy. Step 1: Come to the Black Rose today. Step 2: Hey Nadene can I get a Jameson on the rocks. Step 3: Drink and enjoy.., Draught (Guinness) 
Serving Size: 12oz; Calories: 126, Total Fat: 0g, Carbs: 10, Protein: 1 


We thought you would like to know that even after a big Easter dinner its ok to have a pint of Guinness for dessert. Oh wait. Aunt Matilda doesn't have a kegerator at her house. I guess you better skip out and get here by 3:30 for the Celtics game and live Happy Hour music. See you here!, If you are reading this then you most likely aren't a seal. The only other way to enjoy today would be to get nice and dry and enjoy a Guinness at the Black Rose. Live music starts at 4pm. No cover!, "Only Irish coffee provides all main essential food groups: alcohol, caffeine, sugar, and fat. " Anonymous    

Looks like a good day for the best Irish coffee in Boston. Fresh brewed coffee, Jameson Irish Whiskey, house made whipped cream and a spoonful of sugar.  See you at the Rose for lunch!, Since it is Good Friday after all. Stop by the Rose today for some Fish and Chips..., No day like the present to start taking care of yourself. A Guinness a day is good for ya...well, your spirits at least. See the doctorr/bartender at the Black Rose today after work. To your health!, It is hard to believe that our friend Eugene Byrne passed away almost a month ago. As many of you are aware Eugene was proud of his Irish heritage and loved showing off his homeland to the tours he brought to Ireland many times a year. Eugene had a trip planned for October of this year and his partners in Ireland have decided to go ahead with this trip as a tribute to Eugene.
www.bracktours.com , Here's to our wives and girlfriends: May they never meet!
~ Famous Irish Drinking Toast

Raise a pint tonight at the Rose. Live music at 9:30 every night and Fago on the bar. He has worked at the Rose for 17 years. Would you rather get your Guinness from an amateur?......, Good Things come to those who wait.......

See you tonight for a Guinness, you have waited long enough, The day is winding down but the Rose is gearing up. Live music starts in 45 minutes. No cover. Cold Guinness . Need we continue......., Just like the guy in this video you can never have enough practice celebrating March 17th!  Join us today (and the 17th of every other month besides March) for St. Practice Day!  Win Duck tour tickets, VIP entry into Dillon's tomorrow and other great prizes from Sam Adams. See you tonight at 9:30!, Bruins at 7pm, The Celtic Clan on the main stage at 9:30 just in time for the post game celebration. See you after the series gets to 1 and 1!, Practice? Who is talking about Practice? WE ARE ALLEN!  Join us the Sunday the 17th (and every month on the 17th) for St. Practice Day.  March 17th might be 11 months away but we have you covered. Win some great Boston prize packs including tickets to the Boston Duck Tour and Sam Adams gear. See you at PRACTICE!, Tonight performing live at the Black Rose, Paul Pierce, Ray Allen, Rajon Rondo and the rest of the Celtic Clan. What? Huh? Oh wait..... that's the name of the band that is playing tonight and all weekend on the main stage!  Much better if you ask me....., "I spent 90% of my money on women and drink. The rest I wasted."
- Soccer superstar George Best 

Stop by today for dinner and a Guinness before the Bruins game or live music with Celtic Clan afterwards. We know how to help you with the 90%..., for years, and years and years the Black Rose has won the Boston Chowder Fest competition. A good day to come on in and see why!, Are those dark clouds the 'Guinness Darkness' rolling in? If so, the Black Rose is the best place to weather the storm wouldn't ya say?, The most important things to do in the world are to get something to eat, something to drink and somebody to love you. 
Brendan Behan 

We can supply the firts two......it's up to you to find the third!!!!!!

, Heading to the Bruins or Sox game tomorrow at 1, why don't you stop in for breakfast before hand. Breakfast served Saturday and Sunday's from 9am-11:30am. Tom O'Carroll preforms from 4pm-7pm. Sunday's Well upstairs at 9pm and Celtic Clan downstairs at 9:45pm., A Guinness and a Lobster Roll before the game? The Black Rose is just steps away from a number of T Stations and nooo line ups! Let's go Red Sox!, Congratulations to the event organizers, staff and management from Dillon's,those that got 'buzzed' and everyone who attended the St. Baldrick's Day event yesterday. A job well done!, Entertainment Tonight.......These guys couldn't make it so we have Curragh's Fancy downstairs and Sundays Well upstairs, "I admit I was drinking a Guinness... but I did not swallow." ~ Kinky Friedman. We're not exactly sure what it means but it has Guinness in it so it must be good. The Black Rose pouring perfect pints all day today. Music starts at 4pm., 2 days away before the 'big shave'. If you are in the Back Bay on Saturday stop by Dillon's for a couple laughs and to support a great cause., null, null, We just launched our new website today. Let us know what you think., http://www.meaningfulfunerals.net/fh/obituaries/obituary.cfm?o_id=1115923&fh_id=12298&s_id=530F2D64-9954-298D-86791F0EAF1F5B5E, After a long and difficult battle with cancer, our dear friend Eugene Byrne passed away yesterday afternoon. Please keep him and his family in your thoughts and prayers. Please see the link on our page about services, etc., http://www.fosters.com/apps/pbcs.dll/article?AID=/20110325/GJNEWS_01/110329674, After a long and difficult battle with cancer, our dear friend Eugene Byrne passed away earlier today. Please keep him and his family in your thoughts and prayers., April 2nd at Dillon's in the Back Bay. Come make a 'bald' statement and support childhood cancer research and learn what all the BUZZ is about!, null, the party is over you say? Rubbish...the St. Patrick's Day spirit is the standard at the Black Rose. Live music every night of the week, perfect pints of Guinness and St. Practice Day on the 17th of every month - Slainte, St. Patrick's day parade in Boston. Continue the tradition breakfast at The Black Rose, parade in Southie and the after party at The Black Rose. Tom O'Carroll in the afternoon and Sunday's Well to finish off the week. "Saint Practice" day will continue all year long 17th of every month great prizes to give away. "Go raibh mile maith agibh", the party is not over yet...The Black Rose is still celebrating St. Patrick's Day weekend. Come and watch Tom O'Carroll from 4-8 and Sunday's Well all night., Oiche mhait agus go raibh mile maith agaibh

Good night and thank you, Sundays Well & Celtic Clan now on stage at The Black Rose, Wedding Proposal 3.17.2011, Black 47 live at The Black Rose 3.17.2011 8:30am, Irish Breakfast from 6:00am until 10:30 am St. patricks Day, Playing at the Black Rose this St. Patrick's Day. Band hits the stage at 8:30am...The Black Rose throwing the best St. Pat's Party in town for 35 years!, Yaaaaaay! The 'holidays' are only four days away. Come celebrate with us at the Black Rose but please, don't wear your pajamas., Ahhhh yes....a perfect pint of Guinness. We will be serving about a quazillion perfect pints on St. Patrick's Day. Come down and enjoy a little perfection. Doors open at 6am!, The Black Rose open St. Patrick's Day at 6am - BRILLIANT!, Did you know that coming to the Black Rose for St. Patrick's Day is actually good for you? Don't take our word for it...check out this PSA!, It coming faster than you think. St. Patrick's is just around the corner. Start making your plans now. Open at 6am, 1st beer at 8am, Thanks to everyone who participated last sunday!, null, http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=THbhE8pu0MM, What an amazing night at The Rose for Eugene and his family. Thank you to everyone that came out to support them. We can't thank you enough, Guinness keg-o-rator, Red Sox 2007 Championship neon sign, Jameson's snowboards, Jack Daniel's guitar, Grey Goose golf bag, Guinness dart board, horseshoe game, and Bushmills Irish whiskey!, Here is a sampling of some of the prizing and auction items available at Eugene's Benefit this evening:

- 6 nights hotel/ car rental in Ireland
- One week Marriot time share anywhere in the world
...- Ticket for Red Sox vs. Yankees at Yankee Stadium
- Guinness Complete Draft Delivery System
- Over $1000 in GC's to restaurants around Boston
- Golf bags, snowboards, IPODs etc.

...that is just for a start, Guys the Challenge is on. We have a benefactor who will match all donations to the Eugene Byrne benefit up to $50,000. He wishes to remain anonymous but what a way to pay a tribute to the "grandfather" of Irish music in Boston. See you all at The Black Rose on Sunday starting at 5:00pm, Today is a Guinness Beef Stew/ Shepheard's Pie/ Clam Chowdah in a breadbowl kind of day, wouldn't you say?, go on have another pint!!!!!, Congrats to our St. Practice Day winners from last night. Carl Macauley, John Walsh, Judy Shanley, Jocelyn Gould and Dan Roberts. Each won a VIP entry pass, a Jameson vest, a Jameson T-shirt and a Gift Card, http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jJlc28YIWE4
Great Guinness Toast, tonight at 11:00, don't be late!!!, Tonight is St. Practice Day. WIN Black Rose merchandise, a $50 gift card and a pass for 2 to The Black Rose for St. Patrick's Day(no line, no cover). Sunday's Well hits the stage at 9:30pm., Are you ready for Thursday night?... St. Practice day is this week! WIN Black Rose merchandise, a $50 gift card, and (the most valuable of things) a pass for 2 to the Black Rose at any time on St. Patrick's day. No line, no cover, no way you should miss that!, http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3DPKf7y1F-Q, 6 Nations Rugby Scotland v. Wales, Now showing upstairs at The Black Rose, mmmmmmm Anatomy of a Guinness, It's almost that time again! Save the date for next Thursday 2/17 for The Black Rose St. Practice Day! Enter to win your chance for a VIP pass to our annual St. Patricks Day Bash! Party starts at 7pm! Don't forget!, Winter is over!!! Sam Adams Noble Pils is now on draught. Come see Jim Coyle perform this afternoon from 4-7 and then Sunday's Well finishes up their 2 week stint at 9:30pm., Come in from the cold for a Jameson Coffee. Football games are on and Tom O'Carroll will be performing from 4pm-7pm. Sunday's Well tonight at 9:30pm., Congratulations to all our St. Practice Day participants and winners! Come back next month 2/17/11 for your next chance to win!!, Congratulations to our St. Practice day winner Brenda who won a $50 gift card and a VIP pass for 2 for The Black Rose on St. Patricks day!, Congratulations to our St. Practice day winner Courney who won a $50 gift card and a VIP pass for 2 for The Black Rose on St. Patricks day!, Congratulations to our St. Practice day winner Timothy who won a $50 gift card and a VIP pass for 2 for The Black Rose on St. Patricks day!, Congratulations to our St. Practice day winner Janet Albany who won a $50 gift card and a VIP pass for 2 for The Black Rose on St. Patricks day!, Where are you watching the Patriot's game this afternoon? How about the Black Rose? We've got nachos, beef stew, buffalo tenders, Guinness, Sam Adams, Jameson's..., null, On the 17th of each month the Black Rose will be having "St. Practice" Day party's with live music and prizes! Check back for more details!, Happy and Safe New year's eve from all of us at the Black Rose!, Snow got you down? We will be here waiting with a Jameson Irish Coffee!, Happy Christmas to one and all. If you're looking to get out of the house tonight, the Black Rose is open for business. The Mc Teggerts will be playing starting @ 9:30!, What are your plans this New Years Eve?? Visit http://ow.ly/3kHun for the best New Years Eve deal in the city!, Can't decide how to ring in the New Year?? Visit http://ow.ly/3kHtc for the best New Years Eve deal in the city!, How will you celebrate the end of the year. Visit http://ow.ly/3iigl for the best New Years Eve deal in the city!, What are your plans this New Years Eve?? Visit http://ow.ly/3iZt5 for the best New Years Eve deal in the city!, Can't decide how to ring in the New Year?? Visit http://ow.ly/3iZw8 for the best New Years Eve deal in the city!, Check out these new Black Rose Rugby Shirts!! One of these would definitely make an excellent gift for the holidays! Available at The Black Rose or our online store http://bit.ly/fI6v0Q, Today is the first day of December and you know what that means? Only a month left of 2010!! How will you celebrate the end of the year.Visit http://ow.ly/3iigl for the best New Years Eve deal in the city!!, Happy Tuesday!... Well, as happy as a Tuesday can be. Just remember, we're always here, waiting with the freshest Guinness in the State!, What a cool, crisp Saturday it is. Get some shopping done near Fanuiel Hall, then come see us for some fish n' chips and an Irish coffee with Jameson's, Happy Thanksgiving Everyone! The Black Rose is OPEN tonight starting at 8pm! Come in and listen to live music by McTeggerts!, Don't forget The Black Rose will be open tomorrow at 8pm. Come by after your done eating Turkey!, Bad news... It's Monday. Good news... Short week. Bad news... After turkey dinner, there's nothing to do. BEST NEWS... THE BLACK ROSE IS OPEN THANKSGIVING NIGHT!!! Something to be thankful for!, Happy Friday to all. While visiting us this weekend, we ask that you take time to look around, and take in all that is The Black Rose. Write something you like on our wall. The more original your comment, the better chance it will be used in our newest website description, and the better chance you will have to win DINNER FOR TWO ON US!!! All for being insightful and creative! Good Luck! www.irishconnection.com, What is that up in the sky? Why is it so bright? Am I dreaming? Happy November in New England! I think to celebrate, I'll have a Gunniess, or two, or seven... Well at least two., It's a gloomy day out there, but hey at least it's not snowing yet! Days like today we all need a good meal (Shepherd's Pie) A hot drink (Jameson's Irish coffee) and a laugh... Well We gave you two out of three, so why don't you tell us a joke?, The weekend is finally upon us! Forget about work and come see Frank Ryan on stage tonight!, Time for a change!!! Our website description www.irishconnection.com needs to be updated, and we need the help of all of you literary geniuses. Tell us what YOU think it should say. Leave a funny comment, write the whole thing, be creative, you never know, if we use something you wrote, there might be something in it for you..., I know where I'm headed tonight, how about you?, Rain, rain, go away! The Black Rose has Guinness Beef Stew today! How are you staying dry?, Thanks to all the Clemson fans for making The Black Rose your home for the past 3 days, but please no more $2 bills, null, So much for the heat wave... Back to fall in New England. If you're in the city, come by for chowdah in a bread bowl, or one of our new irish coffe drinks made with Jameson. Then you can write a review on www.irishbeerfinder.com It's the last weekend, so we need to make it count. Tell your friends, tell your neighbors, tell your grandmother (if she's anything like mine, she'll tell everyone)!, null, Cold night, perfect for a Guinness!!!, What a gloomy day :( Perfect for some chowder or Guinness Beef Stew to warm you up for lunch! After lunch, don't forget to go to www.irishbeerfinder.com and give us a great review! We'll see you when you get here!, We hope you all survived your weekend. This is the last week of the www.irishbeerfinder.com competition. It ends next Monday, so if you were waiting until the very last moment, now's the time. Tell us about your favorite dish, your great service, a favorite bartender, or just about how much you love our new Irish coffe flavors. I mean you could always talk about the perfect Guinness..., We're gonna need some help. The leader has 270 reviews! Go to http://www.facebook.com/l.php?u=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.irishbeerfinder.com%2F&h=c67b1 and write us a review!, The competition is free and very easy to enter.The overall winning bar and one lucky reviewer, chosen at random from all those who write a bar review, will also win two flights to Las Vegas from anywhere in North America. Awards will also be given to the best Irish Bars in each US state. Go to the site and write a review TODAY!!!, The Black Rose needs your help! www.irishbeerfinder.com is having a contest to find the BEST IRISH BAR IN NORTH AMERICA. All you have to do is go to the website, type BLACK ROSE in the search,  and write a review (we're the one in Boston... duh). Thanks to all!, live at The Rose, Saturday night at the rose, Slainte Black Rose. cb, $3 Long Trail 16oz...............come in and cool down, Happy 4th Of July, LIVE World Cup Coverage continue's @ The Black Rose, Germany v. England @ 10am, Argentina v. Mexico @ 2.30pm - live music w/ Tom O'Carroll @ 4.30pm, US v. Ghana full sound on both floors @ 2.30. Come in early for the best seats., Coming up Chile V's Spain..........Switzerland V's Honduras, Come on in a  see Brazil V's Portugal.................Ivory Coast V's North Korea, DUE TO THE SEVERE WEATHER THREAT THE JOSE MCINTYRE'S BLOCK PARTY WILL BE POSTPONED! WE ARE SORRY FOR THE INCONVENIENCE. WE WILL BE ANNOUNCING A RAIN DATE ASAP! THANK YOU, World Cup LIVE at The Rose......................., Comngrat's to the USA team for topping their Group......, Argentina V's Greece at 2.30pm.....Live, Spain V's Honduras at 2.30pm......come in to watch and cool down, Happy Father's Day!! The bar is open, The World Cup is on. Music from 4.30 - 7 and again at 9.30pm, Mc Taggert's take the stage at 9.45pm....................... come on over and try the Magners Pear :-), US ties it at 2!!! What a game and crowd on hand, celtic supporters live at the rose, We are open now for the Argentina game. Don't forget tonight the McTaggerts are rocking downstairs and Game 7 of the Celtics game is on upstairs with full sound, Come on down the World Cup games are on......., Live at The Rose, well done USA.....good job today, Good start to the World Cup...we open at 7.30am tomorrow for Greece V's Korea, come by tomorrow for the opening Game of The World Cup.... we open at 9am, World Cup Kicks Off this Friday @  The Black Rose, Look out for our New Menu coming soon, Come by The Rose today between 12 & 3pm to sample our Famous Clam Chowder......u wont be dissappointed, Melissa hard at work @ The Black Rose, Free Chowder Sample Madness continues tomorrow 05/22/10 between 12and 3pm, Free chowder samples today at the rose. Hope u all had some . If not come by tomorrow between 12 and 3pm, Come sample our Famous Clam Chowder between 12 and 3pm tomorrow 05/21/2010 for FREE, Mc Taggerts and Celtic Clan play at 9.30pm ...... Cover starts at 9.30pm so come early, World Cup starts in exactly 5 weeks!! We'll be open for every single game. Start making your plans now., Terry Brennan live tonight at 9.30pm, a perfect way to end the night after the Bruins, Celtics and Sox games, Great weekend of sunshine ahead, quench your thirst with a Iced Pint Bottle of Magners Irish Premium Cider., Congratulations our staff member Eunice and her husband Eamonn on the birth of there twin boys today, Saturday funday, Celtic Clan on stage till 1.30am, The Rose bar tonite, thanks guy's we have reached our 1000 fans, we are at 999 fans who will be our 1000, 20 fans to go to reach 1000, Celtic Clan on stage live, Fresh off the boat, Celtic Clan on the main stage tonight - Sunday night at 9.30pm, 50 more fans to go to reach the 1000 mark,   we can do it....., Music Happy Hour starts @ 4pm with Tom O Carroll, Tom o Carroll live on stage until 7pm, live Music tomorrow between 4pm and 7pm, bands on both floors at 10pm also, Eugine Byrne & band live on stage now @ the rose, Share some of your storie's about times you had in The Black Rose....., Eugine Byrne & Band take to the stage @ 9.45pm, Sunday's Well live onstage. Come on in., THANK YOU so much to all of our great staff for working so hard to make sure St Paddy's Day at The Black Rose was a huge success as always. Thank you to our Bands who kept us entertained throughout the day. And to you our loyal customers, thank you for choosing to spend your Paddy's Day with us....... Chris & Terry, Great day at The Rose., Hostess, Sunday's Well take the main stage at 2pm, Celtic Clan play upstairs also at 2pm, Black 47 live, Black Rose staff at 6am just opened, Free breakfast to the first 100, The bar at 6am, doors are open, come and in and join us with a Live broadcast with Radio FNX, HAPPY ST PATRICK'S DAY, DOORS OPEN IN UNDER 2 HOURS, dont forget to set your alarms, 6am the doors open. see you in a few hours, looking to get to 1000 fans by tomorrow, can we do it guy's?????, The Wearing Of The GREEN tomorrow starting @ 6am, 2 days to go, come join us for the party of the year, kick off Wednesday 17th 6am, The Mc Taggerts & Celtic Clan take the stage tonight at 10pm, Pipers live at the black rose, lets try and get to 1000 fans by St Paddy's Day, nearly  time for the wearing of the green, come on down The Mc Taggert's are on stage tonight, come in from the snow and have one of our Tullamore Dew Irish Coffee's with our homemade whipped cream, Eugine Byrne & Band take the stage tonight @ 9.30pm, The Black Rose bar, MARCH 1st. The Countdown has begun. 16 DAYS to the big event, Wll done Ireland, knew ye could do it, Come on down and celebrate the Irish victory @ The Black Rose, 6 Nations Rugby TODAY LIVE @ 11. IRELAND vs ENGLAND. Come to THE BLACK ROSE for all the action. COME ON IRELAND, Dont Forget LIVE 6 Nations Rugby, IRELAND vs ENGLAND Tomorrow Saturday @ 11am live at THE BLACK ROSE, Join us this Saturday at 11am for IRELAND vs ENGLAND. 6 Nations rugby, dont forget The Mc Taggarts take the stage at The Black Rose @ 9.30pm, Follow the going's on in The Black Rose on twitter., come join us tonight @9.30pm for music with The Mc Taggerts., The Black Rose Facebook Page is back in action, we will keep you up to date with all the going's on in Boston's Most Famous Irish Pub., null, null, null)