List(In celebration of the Easter Holiday we have plenty of Italian, "Fresh Basket Cheese," Grano, Anise Oil and Pizza Chiena! Try Bob's Pizza Chiena today! Each Bob's Pizza Chiena is packed with fresh cheeses and our delicious imported Italian deli meats baked in a flaky pastry crust. Limited supply, please order soon for pickup before Easter! See our comment about Pizza Chiena below for more details., Gluten Free from Italy? YES, you can have pasta from Bob's that's REAL ITALIAN PASTA imported from ITALY with any of our new Lunch and Dinner specials! GLUTEN FREE Ziti w/Chicken & Broccoli Aglio e' Olio (Garlic&Oil) shown here. See all our new Lunch, Dinner and LENT specials today at www.bobsfood.com!, SIX FOOT LONG Bob's Chicken Parm. The best quality Chicken breasts breaded and fried. Topped with San Marzano Tomato Sauce and Italian Cheeses. Red Gravy Madness. (Click top image to view GIANT six foot photo), Great day for some Bob's Homemade Soup, a hot Pasta Entree or our famous STEAK & CHEESE SUB! (Size "Small" on braided roll shown here), null, See our Catering Menu at www.BobsFood.com for some great Superbowl Food ideas and order online or call us today! 781-395-0400, SUPERBOWL FOOD! Treat yourself and your guests to some Bob's this Superbowl Sunday and celebrate being a good sport! Bob's is the original maker of the SIX FOOT party sub in New England and once again voted a #1 local favorite! Come visit our family store, in business for almost 80 years! See our menus and order online at www.BobsFood.com, click Party Trays & Catering and look for items like our Giant Subs, Gametime Sampler and Mini Arancini!, Sub of the Day... Bob's Supreme size, "House Italian," w/everything on it!, Last minute gathering? Order one or more of these today! The Bob's, "SUB SUPREME," size party sandwich now has it's own menu of our most popular varieties:

Bob’s Whole French Bread,“Sub Supreme!”
A Bob’s, “Supreme,” is the name of our whole French bread sub. Each Supreme sub  serves about 4 or 5 guests. You may cut this up into as few as 4 large pieces as a meal or 8 small pieces to share.

Supreme Meatball Parm Sub
Bob’s Italian Meatballs, melted Provolone and fresh grated Romano cheeses. $33.00

Supreme House Italian Sub
Bob’s classic house Italian variety of meats with Provolone cheese. Add *toppings to come on the sub, ready to serve, or request toppings on the side. $30.00

Supreme Deluxe Italian Sub
Bob’s finest imported Italian meats including Prosciutto di Parma, Sweet Sopressata and topped with Provolone. Add *toppings to come on the sub ready to serve or request toppings on the side. $33.00

Supreme Deluxe Italian Caprese Sub
Bob’s finest imported Italian meats including Prosciutto di Parma, Sweet Sopressata and topped with fresh Buffalo Mozzarella, Tomato, Basil and Extra-Virgin Olive Oil, all on the sub. $36.00

Supreme Imported Prosciutto Caprese Sub
Bob’s finest imported Prosciutto di Parma topped with fresh Buffalo Mozzarella, Tomato, Basil and Extra-Virgin Olive Oil, all on the sub. $36.00

Supreme American Sub w/choice of Bob’s Best House Deli Meats
Choose either Bob’s Roast Beef & Swiss, Turkey & Provolone, Baked Ham & American Cheese or a Combo of all 3 types, (1/3 each type!) $30.00

Supreme Chicken Parmigiano Sub
Bob’s delicious Chicken Parm sub, always includes Provolone, Tomato Sauce and Grated Romano Cheese. Best served hot. $33.00

Supreme Steak & Cheese Sub
Bob’s famous grilled, shaved Steak topped with melted cheese. Best served hot. $33.00

Supreme Grilled Eggplant, Roasted Pepper & Provolone Sub
Bob’s Vegetarian. Marinated, grilled Eggplant slices topped with Garlic Roasted Red Peppers, Provolone cheese and Extra-Virgin Olive Oil.  $30.00, Merry Christmas!, Holiday party trays, order soon at www.BobsFood.com or give us a call today 781-395-0400!, A Bob's Italian Foods Gift Card. Pure (Italian) Holiday Joy., Gift Baskets, Imported Italian Specialty Foods, Authentic Artisan Panettone and more... Ship for the holidays to your loved ones across the USA from Bob's at ItalianFoodImports.com today!, Not sure what to serve for Sunday dinner? Bring something to friends that you can heat and serve? Bob's Lasagna, Meatballs and Eggplant Parm are always available for last minute pickup, hot or cold (fully cooked), here at our store or ship across the USA! Order online for Bob's pickup at BobsFood.com, drop by our store or ship by visiting: http://www.italianfoodimports.com/prepared-italian-entrees, One week left to order your fresh and cooked Turkeys, Pies and Thanksgiving sides pickup before Thanksgiving! Order online or call us today! https://www.ediningexpress.com/live20/8/18/#category_298, Panettone from Italy Holiday Items now in Stock! Shop in our store or Ship across the USA from ItalianFoodImports.com! Order soon, limited supplies available!, Our Medford friends at last weeks wonderful Kiwanis event Taste of Italy, We love Phantom Gourmet!, Now Hiring a few great new people at Bob's. See our add on Craigslist, spread the word! See link below for details!, Ship Italian foods from Bob's across the country with our web order site www.ItalianFoodImports.com! Share some Bob's love with your friends and family today!, Great day for a Bob's Deluxe Antipasto to share with friends and family!  www.bobsfood.com, Call to reserve your catering order for Graduation Parties and Spring Celebrations Today!  See Our other entrees and hot food choices at www.bobsfood.com!, Happy Mother's Day!, New Lunch and Dinner Specials! See them all at www.bobsfood.com!

Fusilli, Sausage & Broccoli Rabe'
Fusilli pasta with Sausage & Broccoli Rabe. Fresh ground pork with pasta & tender broccoli rabe saute'd in an extra virgin olive oil and garlic. Served with side salad and bread. Topped with grated cheese. Side salad and bread included. $14.95

Penne Amatriciana
Fresh pasta with chopped Alto Adige Speck (Italian smoked prosciutto) in a spicy red San Marzano tomato sauce. Topped with grated Romano, bread and side salad included. $14.95

Penne & Chicken Vodka Sauce
Boneless chicken and fresh pasta in a pink, “Vodka,” tomato cream sauce. Topped with Romano cheese, bread and side salad included. $14.95

See more at www.bobsfood.com, This is phase one of a combo Giant Sub with Prosciutto, Turkey and Roast Beef - before we dress it up for the game!, Six Feet (Sometimes under) ... we can do it in a 3 footer also!  See our menus at www.bobsfood.com for GAMETIME favorites and more!, Please order your holiday party catering delivery and party tray pickup items soon!  All Christmas Eve orders must be called in by December 21st.  See our menus at www.bobsfood.com.  Happy Holidays!, Looking for the best Panettone to send as a gift or buy for the holidays? Check out our new inventory and order online from our web store at www.ItalianFoodImports.com, Come by tonight for supper to-go, check out these new specials!  Please order by 7:15 PM., Too cold to go out?  Try ordering delivery from Bob's on DiningIN!  https://www.diningin.com/a-la-carte/restaurant-menu/bob-s-italian-foods/Medford/02155/1101199 ORDER EARLY sometimes it's tough to get food fast at supper time when their drivers are busy!, Announcing new lunch and dinner available all this month, check out the full list at www.bobsfood.com.  Sandwiches, pasta and more like this:  Chicken Saltimbocca with Linguine:, Fresh, New England Farm Raised Turkeys for Thanksgiving - Special Order Only.  Limited supply, please call us or visit www.BobsFood.com to reserve or purchase yours while they last!, Please order Giant Subs one day or more in advance.  See our menu at www.bobsfood.com., null, Order online at bobsfood.com or call and ask for, "Catering."  Any size tray, any size party!, null)