List(8 bars left! We can do this! We need your votes!!!! http://wzlx.cbslocal.com/km-bar-bracket/, You have til Noon to move us on to the next round! Let's do this!!!!! http://wzlx.cbslocal.com/km-bar-bracket/, Vote for us on WZLX Bar Bracket!! http://wzlx.cbslocal.com/km-bar-bracket/, UFC is kicking it's way to the Garden tonight!, Celtics tonight!! Stop by before and after the game!, It's that time of year again! Bruins are back in action tonight!! Come by for a few before the game! It'll be good to see those old faces, and hopefully some new ones!! Let's go Bruins!!, The Bruins finally start tonight!, Round #3 of U2!! Come on in!, We will NOT have the fight on tonight..dont believe the yelp post., That's a wrap on another season! Thank you Bruins and Celtics fans for a great year! And a HUGE Thanks to our regulars/season ticket holders for everything! You guys are the best! 

And remember we are open all summer! Stop on by!, Pre-Game is in full swing! Come on down for $3 PBR's!! #Celtics, Early morning #Bruins game! You know we're open!, If you are heading into the garden tonight to watch the celtics it's a must to stop in here!, Come on in tonight before and after the Celtics game!, We're closed today folks. We'll see you tomorrow!, We're closed tonight! Please, be safe out there! We'll re open tomorrow! See you then!, Well that was crazy! Thanks for a great night! We'll do it again tomorrow! Come on in early!, Hey gang! This Monday 11/10 is Military Night at the Garden! We will be honoring our Veterans by having a fundraiser sponsored by the Wrentham American Legion. They will give out poppies for donations! All of which will be going to Veterans!  

So drop by on Monday from 5pm-7pm before the Bruins game!, We would like to welcome back all you Bruins fans, let's get started on a successful season,let's all have fun and stay safe! LETS GO B'S !!!!!!!!!, First Bruins pre-season game come help us pre-season also, We're a little over a month away from the Bruins and Celtics seasons! Who's ready?? 

Come check out some fall beers we just got in! Sam Adams Octoberfest and Shipyard Pumpkinhead Ale! We're sure Harpoon is not to far away either! Stop on by!!, Hey folks! 

We'll be having Free!!! Jukebox on Fridays this summer! So come on down this Friday and play DJ at Sully's! 

On top of that from Noon to 9pm we'll have free pool games every Sunday this summer!!! 

We also have (as always) the coldest beer and the best A/C in town!!, Nothing like a good #whiskey, With 3 different delicious summer beers on tap why would you stay home?, Forget about the rain! Come on down!!, It's Friday! Come by and have some drinks!, null, Well that's not the draft number we wanted! Stop by tonight and have a drink or 6! 

Let's go #Celtics, Share all your photos from inside sullys! We want to see them all!, null, Hey everyone! This is our new Facebook page! Share with all your friends and tag us in some old pictures! See you at the bar!, null)