List(The Cleveland Cavaliers are at The Quicken Loans Arena this afternoon to take on the Hornets in an afternoon prime time game.  Hear the pre-game at 3, tip off at 3:30 on 100.7 WMMS., (ICYMI) Mother hires stripper for 8 year old son's birthday! Wtf! (NSFW), (ICYMI) We've all seen a-hole drivers like this. Instant karma for him! Yes! (NSFW) - Language!, Your chance to win the ultimate Cheap Trick prize pack! Sign up to win now! Good Luck!, The Cleveland Cavaliers are in Atlanta tonight to take on the Hawks. Hear the pre-game at 7:30, tip off at 8 on 100.7 WMMS., 14 year old uses his football skills to tackle shoplifter!, Tom Segura was fun on The Alan Cox Show but his appearance on New Day Cleveland is legendary. - Bill Squire, I can't believe what the blank I'm looking at right now. Seriously. If this is an April Fool's gag I am all sorts of fished in! - Corey, Embarrassing your children is one of life's simplest pleasures.--AC, Compilation of Police motorcycle on motorcycle chases that result in instant karma/justice! The fleeing suspects all feel cocky until the inevitable happens!, This is how to prepare for the zombie apocalypse! Killer drone flying chainsaw!, A Parma Heights girl with cerebral palsy is out thousands of dollars after Justin Bieber cancels a Cleveland meet & greet event. Like and share if you think he should make it up to her., I can open a bottle of wine like a pro, but would love one of these!, The Cleveland Cavaliers quest to have the best record in the east continues tonight as they take on the Nets at the Quicken Loans Arena.  Hear the pre-game at 6:30, tip off at 7 on 100.7 WMMS., "Porn didn't hurt me. The way society treats me for having done it does." - Bree Olson, Excavator operator skilfully frees baby deer stuck in the mud! Humanity at it's finest!, Tampa "Mother Of The Year" hires stripper for son's 8th birthday! WTF! (NSFW)
http://www.wmms.com/onair/maria-236/mother-hires-stripper-for-8-year-14553763/, How often does Fan Fiction actually get read by the artist? It pays to be a loyal #BestFanArmy Fan. #iHeartAwards, Sexy redhead and former Boy Meets World star Maitland Ward poses as a 'Lingerie Trooper' at WonderCon., Seriously, this is the best video you'll see all week. Disturbed covers Simon & Garfunkel's classic "The Sound of Silence"., 3 Reasons why Axl Rose fronting AC/DC would be friggin' incredible., Ozzy Osbourne worries he could be the next rock star death. The 68-year-old said, "The way things are going, people are dying left, right and center this year"., Purchase presale tickets to see AWOLNATION with Special Guest Death From Above 1979 Friday, July 1st at Jacobs Pavilion at Nautica until 10 PM tonight., The shoplifter with bottomless pants! It never ends!, Woman has ship your pants moment with big cat! Holy sh*t is right!, Use promo code "ALAN COX" to get 20% off. - Bill Squire, Think you know the most about a certain Taco Bell #BestFanArmy nominee? Share with us your favorite now! #iHeartAwards, I would totally love if this prank happened to me! - Maria, Road rage instant karma incidents are always my favorite! Warning: Language!, One of these things is not like the other.--AC, The Cleveland Cavaliers quest to have the best record in the east continues tonight as they take on the Rockets at the Quicken Loans Arena.  Hear the pre-game at 7:30, tip off at 8 on 100.7 WMMS., Scott Sterling using his face to block in volleyball championship! I love what it says on the stretcher!, This is how most people react to The Alan Cox Show. - Bill Squire, If you or I did this we would get arrested!, Had a bad week? These fails of the week will make you feel better!, This is amazing. - Bill Squire, Florida man orders dog to attack police, dog has other ideas!, This would be thief is up for a Darwin Award! Surprised he didn't give up sooner!, Warm up those vocal cords. We need your help to finish the lyrics of these @TacoBell #BestFanArmy nominees. #iHeartAwards, This kid is just awful. I hope his daddy cuts him off. - Bill Squire, TV news crew cracks the case of stolen triathlete's bike! Good job!, I'm on board with this substitution. - Corey, null, It's the Cavs vs. the Knicks tonight in NYC. Hear the pre-game show with Mike Snyder at 7, play by play with Jim Chones and John Michael at 7:30 on your FM home of the Cavs 100.7 WMMS., (ICYMI) Greatest used car sales pitch ever! (NSFW), Start your weekend with this kick ass cover. - Bill Squire, Love this virtual reality strip tease prank! Do you really think the girl is really appalled at first? (NSFW) - Language!, I would try this Ironman impersonation at home but I only have one pressure washer! Ha!, Can you name all of our @TacoBell #BestFanArmy nominees? Time to put your skills to the test! #iHeartAwards, It's not Ben's fault that Henry Cavill has the personality of tapioca pudding.--AC, Little kid does the happy dance after reaching first base!, Get tickets!!!!!!!, You call them "problems." I call them "solutions."--AC, The Cavs are in Brooklyn tonight to take on the Nets. Hear the tip off show at 7 and the play by play at 7:30 with Jim Chones and John Michael on 100.7 WMMS, your FM home of the Cavs., Garry Shandling was one of the best. - Bill Squire, You won't believe how these non-Ohioians pronounce Cuyahoga, Wapakoneta, Tuscarawas, and more., I love this. I need one of these raptors. - Bill Squire, Love this cover of War Pigs, trombone and all!, Browns signed Robert Griffin III today. Is Cleveland a QB graveyard?, Have you ever gotten a text from an unknown number, how did you respond?, Big ass bear under the stairs! this one made me jump twice!, It's the Cavs vs. the Bucks tongiht at The Q.  Hear the Tip Off show at 7 with Mike Snyder and play by play with John Michael at 7:30 on your FM home of the Cavs, 100.7 WMMS., Kids give the darndest advice. - Bill Squire, Is that a deformed snowman???--AC, Snorkelers rescue porcupinefish! Job well done!, This little girl's life is changed forever! 😇, Last Week Tonight with John Oliver does such a good job making fun of Donald J. Trump that I might vote for him just to keep these kind of videos going for four years. - Bill Squire, Presale tickets for The Alan Cox Show Comedy Tour at House of Blues Cleveland go on sale at 10 am today. 

Use password HITMAKER 

This years lineup includes Mike Polk Jr, Brian Kenny, Ryan Dalton, Yusuf Ali, Bill Squire, and Alan Cox. 

Music by DJ Mattitude. 

Of course Erika and Poundcake will be there as well.

http://www.houseofblues.com/cleveland/events/eventdetail/?viewNav=/event-detail&eventId=0500506B05AC91D9&oid=0, Now... I bet everyone would love this position., All he wanted was a job. Check out what a New Orleans man did to secure a job., I want this kid to be in the next Fast and Furious movie. - Bill Squire, There's road rage, and then there is dump truck road rage!, Best dinosaur prank ever! I want one!, A sunroof so big you can fit two fat bitches in it? SOLD! - Bill Squire, Love this guy's sales pitch! (NSFW) Language!, When your Dad is your #1 role model., At least 23 people are dead after two separate explosions in Brussels, Belgium. A suicide attack at the airport was followed by an explosion at Maalbeek station, near the European Union's main buildings. There is "no information" regarding any terror group claiming responsibility at this time., I love Abraham. - Bill Squire, The Cavs are at The Q tonight to take on the Nuggets. The tip-off show with Mike Snyder begins at 6:30, tip off 7pm with John Michael here on 100.7 WMMS., Here's some songs that I can't get out of my head. - Bill Squire, With a medical marijuana bill being introduced in Ohio. thought it would be fun to revisit this Jimmy Kimmel contact buzz moment!, Fat Alan Cox! - Bill Squire, I think Kevin Spacey is the single sneakiest character this man has ever portrayed. - Bill Squire, Guy on motorcycle nearly misses car that pulls in front of him. Unbelievably no cussing involved!, On your mark. Get set. Oh no. - Bill Squire, It's so hard to find a good life-sized rabbit these days.--AC, You've heard of Area 51, but this newly discovered top-secret base is even more mysterious. Can you say alien technology?!, Hooters ball girl tries to toss foul ball to fan only to fail gloriously. Enjoy., After being expelled just weeks before graduation, an Ohio woman finally got her diploma - on her 93rd birthday!, We love when Kanye West opens his mouth. He says he just discovered that his greatest quality is "I care"., Don’t miss the incredible #iHeart80s Party! Tonight at 9PM ET on Audience. You can watch on DirecTV ch. 239 and U-Verse ch. 114. Totally rad #iHeartRadio!, I had older brothers which means I was run over by tricycles, bicycles, go carts, big wheels, and one time a modified red wagon with a lawn mower engine. Wish we had been filming. - Bill Squire, I bet this launches this young girls career the way dancing on stage at a Bruce Springsteen show made Courtney Cox a star. - Bill Squire, Brian Singer's return to the X-Men franchise has resulted in some great movies. I think this may be the best one yet. - Bill Squire, Military band busts into RATM Killing In The Name!, The Smashing Pumpkins are coming to The Goodyear Theater on Friday, April 29. Tickets now available for purchase., Relax away the stress in your very own hot tub with this offer from Best Buy Pools and Spas., Marty McFly's "Power Laces" shoes to become a reality! Great Scott!, Flogging Molly is coming to Jacobs Pavilion at Nautica this summer. Get your tickets before the general public now!, The Taste of Chaos Tour is coming to Jacobs Pavilion at Nautica this summer. Get your tickets before the general public now!, Get delicious bread from Panera Bread for a whole year., Ikea customers believe they are stuck in a display! Ha!, If this is a Leprechaun, we want one., Cage The Elephant is coming to Jacobs Pavilion at Nautica this summer. Get your tickets before the general public now!, We love when Kanye West opens his mouth. He says he just discovered that his greatest quality is "I care"., Porn on the train prank! (NSFW) - Language!, The Cavs are back home at The Q to take on the Mavs. Hear the game on 100.7 WMMS starting at 7pm., I feel this kid's pain but also laugh at it. - Bill Squire, Cleveland Indians catcher Yan Gomes sure takes his gig seriously! Ha! 19 days til the Home Opener! go Tribe!, Install a beautiful granite countertop in your home with this offer from Firenza Stone., So gross but also...yeah just mostly gross. - Bill Squire, Chumlee's bank account is in serious trouble., We can learn a lot from this dog. - Bill Squire, Can you believe Chumlee from Pawn Stars has a girlfriend this hot?! Look at what a house full of Drugs, Guns, and Money can get you kids..., Long boarder smashes into on coming car, comes away with only minor injuries! Holy crap!, The Chumlee police report is something out of a Scarface movie., I wish this was Disney Pixar. - Bill Squire, Enjoy a one-night stay at the Killbuck Cabin at the Mohicans., Girl destroys sausage eating contest! Can't wait for the comments on this one!, Gross alert. A Kellogg's employee posted a video of him urinating on the Rice Krispies production line., It's another back to back game for the Cavs this time in Utah tonight vs. the Jazz. Hear the pre-game at 10 p.m., tip off at 10:30 on your FM home of the Cavs 100.7 WMMS., Browns fan Johnny farewell tribute! (NSFW). Warning: Language and Adele music!, That's how you dog sit. - Bill Squire, Ariana Grande can sing her little butt off. - Bill Squire, Is this ad featuring plus sized models really too hot for TV? I don't think so but I've been ruined by porn so my opinion is worthless. - Bill Squire, And the Darwin Award goes to ...., Our Auction is Live Now! Place your bid now., White dudes on Worldstar! Must be hard up in the Aloha state--AC, So how much money does Chumlee really make?, Cavs take on the Clippers today in L.A. in a primetime afternoon game. Hear all the action with John Michael at 3:30 on 100.7 WMMS., Don't forget to spring ahead one hour., (ICYMI) Woman busted for driving with 15 ft tree stuck in her grill!, Have you seen @AloeBlacc and @Zedd’s new “Candyman” video they made with @mms? It’s pretty sweet! #CelebrateWithM, Instant karma for tailgater!  Check out the license plate! Ha!, I hope you have a great 3/11. - Bill Squire, Chumlee is out of jail, but still in hot water., Woman drives car into building and out the other side! WTF!, The Cavs are on the west coast tonight to take on the Lakers. Pre-game at 10 pm with Mike Snyder, tip off at 10:30 pm with John Michael and Jim Chones.  Your FM home of the Cavs is 100.7 WMMS., Being in radio, if this prank was on me I would freak!, The real crime here is the ponytail. - Bill Squire, Spider-Man makes his Marvel Cinematic Universe debut in the new Captain America: Civil War trailer. - Bill Squire, Purchase presale tickets to see Rob Zombie with Korn on Wednesday, August 24th at Blossom Music Center., Purchase presale tickets to see 311 on Wednesday, July 13th at Jacobs Pavilion at Nautica., Video of this morning's explosion at Crocker Park!, Ship your pants GoPro compilation!, The Cavs are on the west coast tonight to take on the Kings. Pre-game at 9:30pm with Mike Snyder, tip off at 10pm with John Michael and Jim Chones.  Your FM home of the Cavs is 100.7 WMMS., This illusion is mesmerizing!, There's a distinct lack of screaming like a girl in this.--AC, This fan film is great. I would watch a feature length film about Darth Maul. - Bill Squire, Man attempting to rob cab driver at gunpoint unaware of car behind them! Justice served!, Giant Eagle and WMMS want to send you to an upcoming Cleveland Cavaliers game in style with a chance to win a pair of tickets to watch the wine and gold from the penthouse suite at Quicken Loans Arena with food and drinks included!  Stop by your nearest Cleveland area Giant Eagle store now through April 3rd to find the secret code word to enter to win., Like getting kicked in the balls by Scrappy-Doo!--AC, Dashcam footage of woman driving with 15 foot tree stuck on her vehicle! Holy Shmoly!, Molten table salt plus water equals big boom! The slo mo is the best!, April 24 can't come soon enough. - Bill Squire, Win a pair of tickets to see 2016 Rock and Roll Hall of Fame Inductees Cheap Trick when they headline the 13th annual Spring Benefit for the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame + Museum, sponsored by PNC Friday, May 6 at 9pm at Cleveland Public Hall., Yesterday on the The Alan Cox Show we got into a discussion about mid 90's post grunge bands. Some of these are pretty familiar but I'm sure there's some you haven't heard in a while. - Bill Squire, Life's a Beach! Play in the Sand in Saint Lucia! Enter now to win the ultimate destination getaway for 2 to Saint Lucia, including a 5-night stay at The Landings St. Lucia, from our friends at Saint Lucia Tourist Board and 96.5 KISS FM., I hope those hubcaps are crap-proof.--AC, Scaring the crap out of you co-worker is lots of fun. Especially when you film it. - Bill Squire, Les Claypool WAS God, until Trump showed up.--AC, Miami Heat mascot fail! Bernie has nothing on Moondog!, Peyton Manning has retired from football, hopefully not from acting. My favorite was this SNL skit!, It's the Cavs vs the Grizzlies tonight.  Hear all the action beginning with the pre-game at 6:30, tip with John Michael at 7., Let's see it Donald J. Trump. - Bill Squire, Sweet karma for zipper merge refusal!, Orange you glad you don't buy pre-peeled oranges from Whole Foods? - Bill Squire, This could almost pass as a real political ad for Donald J. Trump. - Bill Squire, Win a 6-night Apple Vacations flyaway to Punta Cana from Palm Beach Tan Official Fan Page, including complimentary meals and unlimited drinks at the RIU Hotels and Resorts., Always check your shoes before you put them on! Yikes!, Life's a Beach! Play in the Sand in Saint Lucia! Enter now., (ICYMI) Meteorologist suffers green screen fail! Anchor come to the rescue!, The Cavs continue their stretch run tonight vs. the Celtics. Pre-game with Mike Snyder at 6:30, tip off at 7 p.m., Palm Beach Tan Official Fan Page wants to send you and a guest on a sunny Apple Vacations flyaway to the brand new adults-only RIU Hotels and Resorts Republica in Punta Cana, Dominican Republic., Breathtaking, bright moon on one side, setting sun on the other side!, Win the ultimate destination getaway for 2 to Saint Lucia, including a 5-night stay at The Landings St. Lucia, from Saint Lucia Tourist Board., Vote daily for your favorite car in the Summit Racing Equipment Maximum Horsepower Autorama., More exclusives from Sixx:A.M., The Cavs celebrate the Miracle of Richfield at The Q.  Hear the Cavs vs. the Wizards on 100.7 WMMS.  Pre-game at 7:30, tip at 8., This fan made trailer has me way more excited for this movie than the studio version. - Bill Squire, Scientists eagerly await rare 'dragon' Birth. No really, these rare amphibians were once thought to be baby dragons., Nice move by woman who stops man running away from mall security!, 1981 news report about the coming of the internet! Many cannot imagine life without it!, Def Leppard is coming to Blossom Music Center this summer. Wanna go? Purchase your presale tickets now!, Some of these are surprising. I guess I never thought of Gilligan as being from Hawaii. - Bill Squire, People are still doing Michael Jackson? Good thing.-AC, Check out the Wintergatan!  This musical instrument uses 2,000 marbles!  Fascinating!, This machine is so damn cool. - Bill Squire, This parody of Comedians in Cars Getting Coffee on Not Safe with Nikki Glaser is as funny as it sexy. - Bill Squire, Tiger Woods opens a new kids course. Inaugural tee off is hole in one! Wow!, Imagine booking an Airbnb for a vacation, only to find a badly-decomposed corpse in a shallow grave out back., Vote daily for your favorite car in the Summit Racing Equipment Maximum Horsepower Autorama., Win an Apple Vacations flyaway to Punta Cana from Palm Beach Tan Official Fan Page., I would pay to watch Kate McKinnon read the ingredients off a box of pancake mix.--AC, And no, no one is going solo., California Highway Patrol spent hours searching for a "unicorn" on Wednesday. Really, you can't make this stuff up., Damn there's a lot of road rage instant karma happening!, This guy's impressions are insanely good. - Bill Squire, Meteorologist suffers green screen fail! Chivalrous anchor saves the day!, Wakeman Ohio's own Emily Keener has stellar, 4 chair turn on her Voice blind audition! What a voice at 16 years old!, This girl is terrible at tennis. Also she probably gave her self scoliosis making this video. Enjoy! - Bill Squire, Life's a Beach! Play in the Sand in Saint Lucia! Enter now to win the ultimate destination getaway for 2 to Saint Lucia, including a 5-night stay at The Landings St. Lucia, from our friends at Saint Lucia Tourist Board and 96.5 KISS FM., I'm in love.--AC, Donald J. Trump wins Super Tuesday Chris Christie wins the internet., A Mayor mistakenly reveals his porn addiction in a post on the town's official Facebook page., Get ready for some heavy Boston accents and a couple solid laughs. - Bill Squire, FedEx driver survives EF3 tornado! Holy crap!, This is hilarious. - Bill Squire, Palm Beach Tan Official Fan Page wants to send you and a guest on a sunny Apple Vacations flyaway to the brand new adults-only RIU Hotels and Resorts Republica in Punta Cana, Dominican Republic., News bloopers are the best!, Proud to join @Chevrolet in making some lasting memories during #DayItForward. Take a look., Zakk Wylde playing some Black Sabbath on a Hello Kitty guitar! Love this!, Brand new music by SIXX:A.M., Life's a Beach! Play in the Sand in Saint Lucia! Enter now., Hear Cavs basketball on The Buzzard tonight at they take on the Pacers at The Q. Pre-game with Mike Snyder at 6:30, tip with John Michael and Jim Chones at 7 on 100.7 WMMS. Go Cavs!, Jacob Tremblay we love you!!, Movie using 12 oil paintings per second and over 100 artists trained in the style of Van Gogh! Amazing!, Motorcycle gets smoked by scooter!, For the fellas who don't care who won..., For those of you who don't care who won, check out the babes of the red carpet., Here are the 16 times Chris Rock made the Oscars uncomfortable. What did you think of his hosting abilities?, Relive the Oscars with the Top 10 Highlights., It's curious how a select portion of the country is fine with being played for suckers.--AC, Lookin' good Hollywood!, Win the ultimate destination getaway for 2 to Saint Lucia, including a 5-night stay at The Landings St. Lucia, from Saint Lucia Tourist Board., Leonardo DiCaprio is being praised for his performance in The Revenant but I'm not buying it. - Bill Squire, It's Sunday afternoon basketball on The Buzzard as the Cavs take on the Wizards in D.C. Pre-game with Mike Snyder at 12:30, tip with John Michael and Jim Chones at 1 on 100.7 WMMS. Go Cavs!, Yet another road rage instant karma!, ICYMI: Kendra Sunderland Visits The Alan Cox Show, Life's a Beach! Play in the Sand in Saint Lucia! Enter now to win the ultimate destination getaway for 2 to Saint Lucia, including a 5-night stay at The Landings St. Lucia, from our friends at Saint Lucia Tourist Board and 96.5 KISS FM., Hear Cavs basketball on The Buzzard tonight at they take on the Raptors in Toronto. Pre-game with Mike Snyder at 7, tip with John Michael and Jim Chones at 7:30 on 100.7 WMMS. Go Cavs!, Robot solves Rubik's Cube in .887 seconds! Holy Schmoley!, Guy's version of "We Are The World" using face swap!, Solving the mystery of who keeps clearing off the kitchen counter! Ha!, I forgot to ask her about gravitational waves. I'm such an idiot. - Bill Squire, Wind in Croatia tears facade off building! Holy crap!, And the Oscar goes to......Eddie, the German Shepherd pup!, Purchase presale tickets to see Cheap Trick Saturday, May 6 at the Spring Benefit for the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame + Museum until 10 PM., 5 minute drum chronology of Nirvana!, Science is cool. Check out this video because this really is an amazing discovery and The Late Show with Stephen Colbert does a good job of balancing the science and humor. - Bill Squire, Remember the girl that got kicked out of college for making a naughty video in the school's library? Well she's going to be in studio today and I can't wait. - Bill Squire, 3 year old explains child birth! Accurate indeed!, Purchase presale tickets to see Whitesnake/David Coverdale Saturday, June 11th at Hard Rock Rocksino Northfield Park until 10 PM tonight., Hear Cavs basketball on The Buzzard tonight at they take on the Hornets at The Q. Pre-game with Mike Snyder at 6:30, tip with John Michael and Jim Chones at 7 on 100.7 WMMS. Go Cavs!, Which City Has The Hottest #ImWithCupid Runners? Check out runners from Cleveland, Orlando, and Detroit, then vote for your favorites. These half-naked runners took to the streets in celebration of their fundraising for the Children's Tumor Foundation., Can you believe that The Boss gave a shout out to PITTSBURGH last night?! Check out the video, plus photos of Bruce Springsteen crowd surfing., Do you know this woman? She was obviously excited to meet Bruce Springsteen last night. Like and share so we can get her these photos., Purchase presale tickets to see Cheap Trick Saturday, May 6 at the Spring Benefit for the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame + Museum now., Ouch, Bruce Springsteen. Just, ouch. - Bill Squire, Win an Apple Vacations to Punta Cana from Palm Beach Tan Official Fan Page including six night accommodations, round trip airfare, all meals and drinks in the resort, and much more., NOPE. I hate it. We shouldn't build these things...also it's cool and I want one. - Bill Squire, Officer saves the kitty!, This vine is hilarious and so are the reactions. - Bill Squire, The Walking Dead + Benny Hill music = Exactly what we were all thinking. - Bill Squire, Can you survive on $8.15 an hour?, 1. Do you have a keyboard?
2. Are you good at following directions?
3. Now you're a composer!, Win tickets to see AC/DC at Quicken Loans Arena March 26th and custom Ohio tour t-shirt!  This custom created event tee is sure to amp up your night or be a gem in your collection.  Tour tee's are available to order now!, Would be robbers have their asses handed to them in these 2 incidents of instant justice!, Dear Deadpool! (NSFW), The Cavs are back at The Q tonight to take on the Pistons from the Motor City. Hear the Cavs Tip Off Show at 6:30 and play by play with John Michael and Jim Chones at 7 on 100.7 WMMS.  Your FM home of the Cavs., This guy is a real Iron Man. - Bill Squire, BBC weather girl faints during live TV broadcast! Those British are so calm and proper!, I love John Oliver. - Bill Squire, Which City Has The Hottest #ImWithCupid Runners? Check out runners from Cleveland, Orlando, and Detroit, then vote for your favorites. These half-naked runners took to the streets in celebration of their fundraising for the Children's Tumor Foundation., Are we sure Flossie isn't being held prisoner?-AC, Submit your car now for a chance to win $1000 to Summit Racing Equipment and showcase your car in the 2016 Summit Racing Equipment I-X Piston Powered Auto-Rama Presented by Rad Air Complete Car Care and Tire Centers March 18 – 20 at the I-X Center., The Cavs are in Oklahoma City to take on the Thunder this afternoon. Hear the Cavs Tip Off Show at 3 and play by play with John Michael and Jim Chones at 3:30 on 100.7 WMMS.  Your FM home of the Cavs., (ICYMI) Vet eats breakfast in scared dog's kennel in order to soothe her during meal time! Kudos!, ICYMI: Cleveland Awakens, It's going to be beautiful today! Like and share if you’re going to make the most of the weather., Win $1000 to Summit Racing Equipment and showcase your car at the Piston Powered Auto-Rama., (ICYMI) Kid fails miserably at obstacle course! Poor kid!, He cyber bullied the wrong girl. - Bill Squire, Train nearly misses back of bus! Holy crap!, Win $1000 to Summit Racing Equipment and showcase your car at the Piston Powered Auto-Rama., The Cavs are back on the hardwood after the All-Star break as they take on the Chicago Bulls at The Q.  Hear the Cavs Tip Off Show at 7:30 and play by play with John Michael and Jim Chones at 8 on 100.7 WMMS.  Your FM home of the Cavs., Man owns would be robber!, Man owns would be robber!, A long time ago in a city far far away from winning a Super Bowl... - Bill Squire, In honor of Wild Thing, check out these Varejao flops and photos from over the years!, Road rage fail! Ha!, This is a bummer. I know Andy isn't what he once was but he was the heart of this team for years. - Bill Squire, Win $1000 to Summit Racing Equipment and showcase your car at the Piston Powered Auto-Rama., This is one of those freak accidents that makes the hair on the back of my neck stand up. - Bill Squire, Vet eats his breakfast in scared dog's kennel in order to soothe her at meal time! Kudos!, Guilty dogs are the best!, Kids getting mildly injured is my favorite. - Bill Squire, Hmm, who got in the garbage?, Submit your car now for a chance to win $1000 to Piston Powered Auto-Rama and showcase your car in the 2016 Summit Racing Equipment I-X Piston Powered Auto-Rama Presented by Rad Air Complete Car Care and Tire Centers March 18 – 20 at the I-X Center., Jimmy Kimmel Live does a new edition of "Mean Tweets" and they deliver some solid laughs. - Bill Squire, Honeymoon is over before it starts!, Submit your car now for a chance to win $1000 to Summit Racing Equipment and showcase your car in the 2016 Summit Racing Equipment I-X Piston Powered Auto-Rama Presented by Rad Air Complete Car Care and Tire Centers March 18 – 20 at the I-X Center., Beating the Taco Bell coin drop game! Soft or hard? Ha!, Baby 1st birthday, complete with thug life version! (NSFW), When Erika Lauren and Bill Squire face swap, instant nightmares., The Grammy Awards were visited by Ghost and it was amazingly awkward. - Bill Squire, The only reason I watched the Grammys! Best performance ever!  Great tribute! R.I.P..Lemmy!!, The new season of Daredevil is going to be awesome. - Bill Squire, Submit your car now for a chance to win $1000 to Summit Racing Equipment and showcase your car in the 2016 Summit Racing Equipment I-X Piston Powered Auto-Rama Presented by Rad Air Complete Car Care and Tire Centers March 18 – 20 at the I-X Center., Please don't go try this today. How do you think the owner feels about this one?, Who will top these outrageous Grammy looks this year?, Another Paula Labaredas photo shoot for your Valentine's Day!, Submit your car now for a chance to win $1000 to Summit Racing Equipment and showcase your car in the 2016 Summit Racing Equipment I-X Piston Powered Auto-Rama Presented by Rad Air Complete Car Care and Tire Centers March 18 – 20 at the I-X Center., Win $1000 to Summit Racing Equipment and showcase your car at the Piston Powered Auto-Rama., Okay, we could see a day or two but several months. Wow!, Just think beach season will be here soon, until then stay warm Cleveland. By the way Devin Brugman was just in Miami., The average person spends about $147 on their loved ones for Valentine's Day., Puppy dreaming of digging up a bone! Ha!, Sometimes dogs just fail at being dogs! Ha!, Now that is a great father. - Bill Squire, This marketing is genius. I have to know what they are seeing. - Bill Squire, Let's look back at the Top 10 money-makers in Ryan Reynold's career of making us swoon..., Win $1000 to Summit Racing Equipment and showcase your car at the Piston Powered Auto-Rama., Freudian news slip! Ha!, Win a World of Tanks customized PlayStation4!, Hope that HEELS quickly. (Hashtag boom.)--AC, Dude gets KO'd by Mardi Gras beads! What a shot!, One last preview for the the highly anticipated Batman vs. Superman movie. - Bill Squire, Win $1000 to Summit Racing Equipment and showcase your car at the Piston Powered Auto-Rama., This guy is very lucky. - Bill Squire, These guys destroy Eminem's Rap God. Love it. - Bill Squire, Get the latest School Closings and Delays now., Win $1000 to Summit Racing Equipment and showcase your car at the Piston Powered Auto-Rama., Dating advice from kids! Text or call?, This world's largest model railway is very impressive! Very detailed indeed!, Kobe Byrant makes his final visit to Cleveland as the Cavs take on the Lakers. Listen to the Tip Off show with Mike Snyder at 7:30 p.m., play by play at 8 p.m. with John Michael and Jim Chones on your FM home of the Cavaliers-100.7 WMMS. Go Cavs!, Unfortunately this didn't air during the game Sunday. - Bill Squire, Parking garage demo gone wrong! Holy crap!, Ouch. Just ouch. - Bill Squire, I'll just have a beer and let the dog catch the fish!, Watch to the very end. - Bill Squire, D bag in BMW receives instant karma for road rage!, Chick performs "Come Sail Away" ala Cartman! Nails it!, Win a trip to The Walking Dead Season 7 premier in LA!, Something about millenials & poop...--AC, Submit your car now for a chance to win $1000 to Summit Racing Equipment and showcase your car in the 2016 Summit Racing Equipment I-X Piston Powered Auto-Rama Presented by Rad Air Complete Car Care and Tire Centers March 18 – 20 at the I-X Center., The Cavs are back at The Q tonight to take on the Sacremento Kings. Listen to the Tip Off show with Mike Snyder at 6:30 p.m., play by play at 7 p.m. with John Michael and Jim Chones on your FM home of the Cavaliers-100.7 WMMS. Go Cavs!, There's a ton of highly anticipated movies coming out this year. Here's the ones that had commercials last night. - Bill Squire, Submit your car now for a chance to win $1000 to Summit Racing Equipment and showcase your car in the 2016 Summit Racing Equipment I-X Piston Powered Auto-Rama Presented by Rad Air Complete Car Care and Tire Centers March 18 – 20 at the I-X Center., The Broncos won the game but this is the real prize. - Bill Squire, Win tickets to the 2016 Wizard World Cleveland Comic Con, February 26-28 at the Cleveland Convention Center!, ICYMI: Alan does a shot of his own pee. - Bill Squire, The Cavs are at The Q tonight to take on the New Orleans Pelicans.Listen to the Tip Off show with Mike Snyder at 7 p.m., play by play at 7:30 p.m. with John Michael and Jim Chones on your FM home of the Cavaliers-100.7 WMMS. Go Cavs!, Steven Tyler's voice shatters camera lens!, Watch Alan do a shot of his own pee. - Bill Squire, The Cavs are back at The Q tonight to play the Boston Celtics. Listen to the Tip Off show with Mike Snyder at 7 p.m., play by play at 7:30 p.m. with John Michael and Jim Chones on your FM home of the Cavaliers-100.7 WMMS. Go Cavs!, Erika Lauren's punishment is amazingly disgusting. - Bill Squire, Protester flings "toy" at politician! Ha!, F that! That's a giant spider. - Bill Squire, Win a pair of tickets to the 2016 Wizard World Cleveland Comic Con, part of North America’s largest pop-culture touring expo, February 26-28 at the Cleveland Convention Center, Johnny's father says if he doesn't get help, he might not live to see his 24th birthday! Agent dumps him!, Johnny needs some help. - Bill Squire, German Shepherd just won't get in car!, A true poet. - Bill Squire, Toddler GoPro hide and seek! the dog is a snitch! Ha!, It's not as good as The Chickening but it's good. - Bill Squire, Win an Apple Vacations to Punta Cana from Palm Beach Tan Official Fan Page including six night accommodations, round trip airfare, all meals and drinks in the resort, and much more., Here's Nick! Congrats to Nick Kania from Brookpark - Winner of a $3,500 Home Theatre System from Summit Sound & Security in our Watch the Big Game Like Billy Contest. Check out all of the listeners that dressed up like "Billy"., The Cavs are in Charlotte tonight to take on the Hornets.Listen to the Tip Off show with Mike Snyder at 6:30 p.m., play by play at 7 p.m. with John Michael and Jim Chones on your FM home of the Cavaliers-100.7 WMMS. Go Cavs!, Glad my dad didn't do this. - Bill Squire, This guy tries to say "There's no need for me to be here today" and he just can't do it. - Bill Squire, Win a World of Tanks customized PlayStation4!, Way to go Chris Van Vliet - Deco Drive.
 - Bill Squire, Another bad lip reading full of dumb things you'll say to yourself in public and then get weird looks. - Bill Squire, Win a $100 PajamaGram gift certificate! Register to Win NOW!, Check out this Skittles Super Bowl Ad with Steven Tyler!, This garbage truck explodes creating a massive fireball. - Bill Squire, Guys go through a lot of trouble to save $15 on a movie ticket! Ha!, "You want a prediction about the weather, you're asking the wrong Phil. I'll give you a winter prediction: It's gonna be cold, it's gonna be grey, and it's gonna last you for the rest of your life.", We've got exclusive coverage of Super Bowl 50 Media Day, and it's all for you!, Best fails of January 2016! Ouch, ouch and ouch! Warning: Language!, If I ever get shot I hope I'm half as chill as this dude. - Bill Squire, The Cavs are at The Q tonight to take on the Indiana Pacers.Listen to the Tip Off show with Mike Snyder at 6:30 p.m., play by play at 7 p.m. with John Michael and Jim Chones on your FM home of the Cavaliers-100.7 WMMS. Go Cavs!, Can't wait for Deadpool! - Bill Squire, Young kids cover Slipknot's Duality, house wrecking video and all!, The Johnny - Free February Twitter movement!, Woman pulls over cop for speeding!, It's a show down at The Q tonight between LeBron James and the Cavs vs. Tim Duncan and the Spurs. Listen to the Tip Off show with Mike Snyder at 8 p.m., play by play at 8:30 p.m. with John Michael and Jim Chones on your FM home of the Cavaliers-100.7 WMMS. Go Cavs!, And the 2016 #PolarBlast Battle title goes to Bill Squire! Here's a few pictures showcasing tonight's big event at Boston Mills/Brandywine Ski Resort!! Thanks to all who came out!, Auto shop pulls what out of car?, Young Cavs fan goes crazy over transition play!, Join us for our annual #PolarBlast Battle at Boston Mills/Brandywine Ski Resort tonight with The Alan Cox Show! The weather is just right!, Watch out for the flying fish! Ouch!, The Late Show with Stephen Colbert did a great job with this one. - Bill Squire, The Cavs are in the Motor City tonight to take on the Pistons. Listen to the Tip Off show with Mike Snyder at 7 p.m., play by play at 7:30 p.m. with John Michael and Jim Chones on your FM home of the Cavaliers-100.7 WMMS. Go Cavs!, Get discounted tickets for tonights Alan Cox Polar Blast Battle at Boston Mills/Brandywine Ski Resort.  Special $10.07 tickets are available online in advance only, so get them now!, The Sandlerverse is all connected! - Bill Squire, Love this sketch. - Bill Squire, I don't care for your passive-aggressive attitude, goat.--AC, This is a new trend and I like it. - Bill Squire, The Broncos are sending their entire staff to the Super Bowl, free of charge., Instant justice ensues for man attempting to rob clerk!, I've watched this about 100 times. - Bill Squire, Tomatoes and whistles. - Bill Squire, Kevin Hart learns Swedish traditions! Ha! (NSFW) - Language!, Deadpool delivers Testicular Cancer PSA! Funny way to get across serious topic!, Watch the Alan Cox Show Polar Blast battle this Friday at Boston Mills/Brandywine Ski Resort.  Get them for a special WMMS discounted price of $10.07!, Having 3 rescue dogs, I concur with this Animal Planet ad!, This is so bad. Nothing to do with politics. It's just bad. - Bill Squire, The Cavs are at The Q tonight to take on the Phoenix Suns. Listen to the Tip Off show with Mike Snyder at 6:30 p.m., play by play at 7 p.m. with John Michael and Jim Chones on your FM home of the Cavaliers-100.7 WMMS. Go Cavs!, This is more Reno 911 than Cops. - Bill Squire, Using a swagway to do physical labor is probably not a good idea...it's THE BEST IDEA! - Bill Squire, Johnny Manziel disguise billboard!, St. Elmo's Fire phenomena captured on video! Science geek alert!, So, not ALL meat is murder...--AC, Unusual reward for getting good grades! Wonder how the kid is going to celebrate? Ha!, Interview with Aussie heroes leave anchors in stitches! Delly was teaching Australian at the Cavs game last night for Australia day. He busted his "pluggas" (thong) ha!. - Maria, JLO's butt is still top notch. - Bill Squire, Kid nails 100%  Ozzy's "Bark At The Moon" on Guitar Hero!, This Panther's fan will RAP circles around you! Well maybe..., Jack off parallel parking job!, Hilarious. - Bill Squire, The Cavs are at The Q tonight to take on the Minnesota Timberwolvoes. Listen to the Tip Off show with Mike Snyder at 6:30 p.m., play by play at 7 p.m. with John Michael and Jim Chones on your FM home of the Cavaliers-100.7 WMMS. Go Cavs!, Here's another theory about the Steven Avery case. - Bill Squire, Man screams like little girl over spider!, Hand her a tissue, use your scarf...something!--AC, "Sir, do could I please see your lift ticket?' - NYPD Probably. - Bill Squire, Panthers fan falls from stands after Carolina touchdown!, Gotta be fake. - Bill Squire, Vote Now for Your Favorite #BillyManziel Disguise., It's Saturday night basketball time in Cleveland as the Cavs take on the Bulls. Listen to the Tip Off show with Mike Snyder at 7:30 p.m., play by play at 8 p.m. with John Michael and Jim Chones on your FM home of the Cavaliers-100.7 WMMS. Go Cavs!, This young boy loves his dog more than some of you love your siblings!, null, Blatt is out! - Bill Squire, Erika Lauren and Poundcake want to know who you think is a better dancer. Cast your vote now! - Bill Squire, If the movie is half as good as the marketing has been for Deadpool Movie then we are in for a treat. - Bill Squire, See what happens when a guy asks Siri "What's a trillion to the tenth power?" I can see everyone trying this!, Headbang your way to safety. - Bill Squire, Kid gets his sled jacked by the dog! Ha!, This might be the best proposal ever! Never give up!!!, Key & Peele have a movie coming out and it looks hilarious. - Bill Squire, The Cavs are back at the Q tonight to take on the Los Angeles Clippers. Listen to the Tip Off show with Mike Snyder at 7:30 p.m., play by play at 8 p.m. with John Michael and Jim Chones on your FM home of the Cavaliers-100.7 WMMS. Go Cavs!, Bruce Springsteen pays tribute to Glenn Frey. Not a dry eye in the house. - Bill Squire, Modern romance. - Bill Squire, Remember lesbians touching a penis for the first time? Now it's gay men touching a vagigi for the first time! (NSFW), Drug dealers get into their own stash and become paranoid! Dumbasses!, RIGHT NOW! Cage The Elephant is taking over the iHeartTheaterLA stage WATCH LIVE! #iHeartCageTheElephant, Drugs kick in for cat getting teeth brushed! Ha!, Cleveland sure is beautiful in the summer. - Bill Squire, The Cavs are in Brooklyn tonight to take on the Nets.  Listen to the Tip Off show with Mike Snyder at 7 p.m., play by play at 7:30 p.m. with John Michael and Jim Chones on your FM home of the Cavaliers-100.7 WMMS. Go Cavs!, Join The Alan Cox Show for the 2016 Polar Blast Battle. You can get tickets for $10.07. That's more than 50% off! - Bill Squire, Man juggles fire! Ta-da! Oops!, Apprentice fitting his first toilet! What can possibly go wrong? (NWFW) Language!, This new trailer for Suicide Squad is f*$&ing amazing! - Bill Squire, Is Steven Avery of Making A Murderer innocent? Listen to all 10 episodes of Rebutting A Murderer right here and you be the judge!, In case you every wondered what Koreans think about Donald Trump!, She's good! - Bill Squire, Guy's stellar donuts on ATV  until....Oops!, The guy that plays Kylo Ren is a bad ass in real life. - Bill Squire, THIS THING IS ANGRY!--AC, This Oregon State basketball player is vying for future NBA dirty player award!, He didn't see that coming. - Bill Squire, The Cavs celebrate Black Heritage at The Q tonight to honor Martin Luther King Jr. and the NBA champion Golden State Warriors are in town.  Listen to the Tip Off show with Mike Snyder at 7:30 p.m., play by play at 8 p.m. with John Michael and Jim Chones on your FM home of the Cavaliers-100.7 WMMS. Go Cavs!, Meet the world's best pole dancer! She's definitely talented!, Ethiopian students learning English from a Peace Corp volunteer celebrate Dave Grohl's birthday by singing "Smells Like Teen Spirit"!, America has Lingerie Football! Brazil has Women's Slip N' Slide Soccer!, Check out our awesome contestants in their best Billy disguises. Get your picture in now for your chance to win a home theatre system from Summit Sound & Security., Today would be a perfect day to try this...but probably shouldn't. - Bill Squire, Win a $3,500 Home Theatre System from Summit Sound & Security. Submit a photo of you dressed in your best Billy disguise now for your chance to win., The Cavaliers wrap up their trip in the Lone Star State tonight vs. the Houston Rockets. The Cavs Tip Off Show with Mike Snyder begins at 9 p.m., play by play at 9:30 p.m. with John Michael and Jim Chones on your FM home of the Cavaliers-100.7 WMMS. Go Cavs!, So why didn't the jurors in the Steven Avery case see it his way? Watch Rebutting a Murderer Episode 8 here., Check out our awesome contestants in their best Billy disguises. Get your picture in now for your chance to win a home theatre system from Summit Sound & Security., This is pretty great. - Bill Squire, Instant karma is the best! Ha!, This is one way to get your van to the pumps! Holy crap!, Coffee never looked so good. - Bill Squire, Video showing amazing work K-9 officers do! RIP Canton officer Jethro!, Man F's with wrong Cleveland RTA Driver! My neighbor drives for RTA! Tough gig!, Start your day the metal way with this killer cover of Adele's "Hello". - Bill Squire, What happens when you pit a killer vs a killer in open court? Check out Rebutting A Murderer Ep 6. #MakingAMurderer, The Cavaliers are in the Lone Star State tonight to take on the San Antonio Spurs. The Cavs Tip Off Show with Mike Snyder begins at 7:30, play by play at 8 p.m. with John Michael and Jim Chones on your FM home of the Cavaliers-100.7 WMMS. Go Cavs!, Did Police really plant Steven Avery's DNA? Rebutting A Murderer Ep. 5 examines the evidence.  #MakingaMurderer, I love this, especially the way it was filmed. - Bill Squire, Seagull takes a joy ride! Ha!, There is hate in his dead eyes. - Bill Squire, Purchase presale tickets to see The Cult Tuesday, March 29th at Hard Rock Rocksino Northfield Park today until 10 pm., This prank is hilarious. - Bill Squire, Rebutting A Murderer Ep 4. takes a deeper look into the confession that put Steven Avery of Making A Murderer behind bars., You're not stealing my car mate!, Crane operator whoopsie!, The Browns have their new head coach. What do you think of their choice? - Bill Squire, How did Steven Avery go from wronged victim to horrendous murderer? Rebutting a Murderer Ep. 3 dives into the mind of an accused killer. http://bit.ly/1KbDMjn, "Come and look at both of our buildings!", The Cavaliers are in the Lone Star State tonight to take on the Dallas Mavericks.  The Tip Off show with Mike Snyder begins at 8 p.m., play by play at 8:30 p.m. with John Michael and Jim Chones on your FM home of the Cavaliers-100.7 WMMS.   Go Cavs!, Is Steven Avery from Making A Murderer Guilty? Rebutting A Murderer Podcast gives new facts and insights about the case. http://bit.ly/1SMRjFp, Share your best Billy disguise for a chance to win a $3,500 Home Theatre System from Summit Sound & Security in Twinsburg., Gross! He'll have a grande crappaccino. - Bill Squire, 4 yr old girl and rescue pittie do cartwheels! Nice!
http://www.wmms.com/onair/maria-236/doggy-cartwheels-14268255/, It's not quiet David Bowie but it's not that bad. - Bill Squire, Netherlands church plays Space Oddity on the church bells. David Bowie left his mark worldwide!, Worst menorah ever.--AC, Not Today (The Building's On Fire)! The apartment fire lady gets songified!, On the downside of the "crazy chicks are hot" bell curve--AC, Anyone else remember the game SkiFree? I totally forgot about it until I saw this video by AndrewMFilms. - Bill Squire, Rebutting a Murderer: Hear The Other Side Of The Controversial Netflix Show 'Making A Murderer' http://bit.ly/1PST012, We like sexy, swanky, intelligent…the car you never expected. The all new 2016 #ChevyMalibu #sp, Superman fail! Not the sharpest tool in the shed!, null, Man narrowly escapes vehicular homicide! Damn! (NSFW) Language!, In the viral video age, even regular people are always auditioning.--AC, Cuteness alert! Baby mimics mom! Aww!, I guess doing sign language all day long can make you a little randy.--AC, David Bowie passed away yesterday. Another legend gone but not forgotten. Let's Dance. - Bill Squire, The Cavaliers are in the City of Brotherley Love to take on the 76'ers.  The Cavs Tip Off Show begins at 5:30 p.m. with Mike Snyder, play by play at 6 p.m. with John Michael and Jim Chones on your FM home of the Cavaliers-100.7 WMMS. Go Cavs!, This is a good day to remember the advice of this dramatic Irish reporter. - Bill Squire, The Cavaliers are in Minnesota tonight to take on the Timberwolves. The Cavs Tip Off Show begins at 7:30 p.m. with Mike Snyder, play by play at 8 p.m. with John Michael and Jim Chones on your FM home of the Cavaliers-100.7 WMMS. Go Cavs!, David Attenborough narrates El Nino migration in LA!, Mike Polk Jr. gives you reasons to buy 2016 Browns season tickets! Ha!, Teen with Tourettes makes videos to highlight his condition! This one wasn't a good idea! (NSFW), 11 Local Craft Beers to Keep You Warm This Week, including Butcher & The Brewer, The BottleHouse, and Platform Beer Co.., Coming up at 4:20, The Alan Cox Show talks to comedian Dov Davidoff about headlining Pickwick & Frolic/Hilarities 4th Street Theatre January 7-9. wmms.com/listen, All shapes and sizes! - Bill Squire, This is funnier than Ride Along 2...probably. - Bill Squire, This guy is having a really, really bad day!, Street musician performing "I Don't want to Miss A Thing" gets joined in by the man himself!, He's a man with a plan. - Bill Squire, If you played "Punch-Out!" as a kid, check this out...the day has come. 
Sweet, sweet payback. 
Take that, Tyson. - Corey, Little boy can't get enough of Star Trek! Cute!, How touching. - Bill Squire, Faith in humanity restored! - Bill Squire, Street cross fail! Wait for it!, Chewbacca looks tired.--AC, Like things that go boom? Introducing the Roman Candle Mini Gun!, He handled it pretty well. I would have screamed like a toddler.--AC, Some people calling BS on this chick, but I've seen them live. She's the real deal.--AC, Love this lady's excitement over virtual reality dinosaur museum!, This video has some clever and subtle editing. - Bill Squire, METAL! - Bill Squire, Best News Bloopers Of 2015! (NSFW), He's such an idiot but he is entertaining. - Bill Squire, Win a spot in the Alan Cox Polar Blast Battle Friday, January 29th at Boston Mills/Brandywine Ski Resort. Sponsored by MetroPCS and Charles Scott Salons & Spas., Road rage backfire! Ha!, The Cavaliers are at The Q tonight to take on the Raptors.  Coverage begins at 6:30 p.m. with Mike Snyder, play by play at 7 p.m. with John Michael and Jim Chones on your FM home of the Cavaliers-100.7 WMMS. Go Cavs!, Thank you to all the bouncers and door guys that have to work while everyone else is playing! - Bill Squire, This is why you leave cutting down a tree to the professionals!, Italy's Rockin' 1000 is back covering the Foo Fighters! This time it's Saint Cecelia!, This video might scare you out of going to the gym. - Bill Squire, This stop motion Lego fan film is better than the last Avengers movie. - Bill Squire, The Cavaliers are back at The Q tonight to take on the Magic.  Coverage begins at 7 p.m. with Mike Snyder, play by play at 7:30 p.m. with John Michael and Jim Chones on your FM home of the Cavaliers-100.7 WMMS. Go Cavs!, Happy New Year!  The Cavaliers wrap up their 2015 portion of the schedule tonight in Denver.  Coverage begins at 8:30 p.m. with Mike Snyder, play by play at 9 p.m. with John Michael and Jim Chones on your FM home of the Cavaliers-WTAM 1100. Go Cavs!, Lemmy Kilmister of Motörhead passed away today. Rock In Peace! - Bill Squire, The Cavaliers are in the desert tongiht to take on the Phoenix Suns. Coverage begins at 8:30 p.m. with Mike Snyder, play by play at 9 p.m. with John Michael and Jim Chones on your FM home of the Cavaliers-100.7 WMMS. Go Cavs!, The Cavaliers are in Portland tonight to take on the Trailblazers. Coverage begins at 9:30 p.m. with Mike Snyder, play by play at 10 p.m. with John Michael and Jim Chones on your FM home of the Cavaliers-100.7 WMMS.   Go Cavs!, Merry Christmas!  The Cavaliers are in the bay area tonight to take on the Golden State Warriors.  Coverage begins at 4:30 p.m. with Mike Snyder, play by play at 5 p.m. with John Michael and Jim Chones on your FM home of the Cavaliers-100.7 WMMS.   Go Cavs!, Merry Christmas from 100.7 WMMS. Our sister station Majic 105.7 - Cleveland is playing your favorite holiday music through Christmas Day. wmji.com/listen, The Cavaliers are at Quicken Loans Arena tonight vs. the Knicks. Hear the pre-game with Mike Snyder at 6:30 p.m., play by play at 7 p.m. with John Michael and Jim Chones on your home FM of the Cavaliers-100.7 WMMS. Go Cavs!, This a great way to get the word out about being robbed. - Bill Squire, Ingrown toenail removals are in and puss draining videos are also still in. I love this disgusting crap. - Bill Squire, Lady on motorcycle limbos under gate to avoid paying for parking! Instant karma ensues!, Intruder receives instant justice! Wait for it!, Crazy lady at city council meeting! Watch out for that scratchy toilet paper! WTF!, It's kind of a good thing that Steve Harvey messed this up cause if he'd got it right I wouldn't have even known there was still a Miss Universe Pageant . - Bill Squire, The Cavaliers are at Quicken Loans Arena today vs. the 76er's. Hear the pre-game with Mike Snyder at 3:00 p.m., play by play at 3:30 p.m. with John Michael and Jim Chones on your home FM of the Cavaliers-100.7 WMMS. Go Cavs!, The Cavaliers are back at Quicken Loans Arena tonight vs. the Oklahoma City Thunder. Hear the pre-game with Mike Snyder at 7:30 p.m., play by play at 8 p.m. with John Michael and Jim Chones on your home FM of the Cavaliers-100.7 WMMS. Go Cavs!, I guess being left Home Alone would be pretty traumatic. - Bill Squire, Do you think they got it right? - Bill Squire, Let's build a tiny Taco Bell.--AC, I need one of these. - Bill Squire, British weather girl delivers clever Star Wars forecast!, Enjoy a naughty Christmas! - Bill Squire, On the farm, some awake to cocks, other to kitties!, This lady reacts to a guy hanging a dead Santa in his yard and it's great. - Bill Squire, The Cavaliers are in Boston tonight to take on the Celtics.  Coverage begins at 7 p.m. with Mike Snyder, play by play at 7:30 p.m. with John Michael and Jim Chones on your FM home of the Cavaliers-100.7 WMMS.   Go Cavs!, How not to handle a billing dispute! Damn!, Puppy loves his Marky Mark & Funky Bunch! What moves!, Christmas songs don't get much better than this. - Bill Squire, null, Man races back to save life of drunk guy he just robbed!, Still waiting for an army of green hotties to show.--AC, This is great. When he gets to Jeb I lost it. - Bill Squire, What, no Randy Quaid??--AC, Toys for big boys...but meant for kids. - Bill Squire, This is on point. - Bill Squire, Disposing of your drugs like a thug! (NSFW), The Cavaliers are in Orlando tonight to take on the Magic..  Coverage begins at 6:30 p.m. with Mike Snyder, play by play at 7 p.m. with John Michael and Jim Chones on your FM home of the Cavaliers-100.7 WMMS.   Go Cavs!, If you or anyone you know is an "Instagram Husband" just know you aren't alone. - Bill Squire, Poe Dameron guest stars as the bad guy!--AC, I like doing this thing where I ask people for topics and writes jokes and perform them that night. It's a lot of fun. Check it out. - Bill Squire, Pittie mix tries it's damnedest to howl!, The first movie exceeded my expectations but only because they were so low I expected to hate it but thought it was mildly amusing. - Bill Squire, Oompah band rocks some AC DC for beered up Germans! Ha!, This taxi driver puts his life on the line to make a point. - Bill Squire, Anywhere you go feels like home if you watch the local news. - Bill Squire, Guy plays Bach's "Air On A G String" on G Strings of the pantie kind! Such bass! Ha!, Amazing high school basketball player's buzzer beating full court game winning shot! Wow!, Watching this mastiff compete in agility put a smile on my face!, PRESALE Now - 10PM: Jim Norton
Friday, March 11, 2016 at Hard Rock Rocksino Northfield Park, Man on bike ignores crossing gates and smashes into train and lives! Just got knocked out! Holy crap!, The Cavaliers are back at The Q tonight to take on the Portland Trailblazers.  Coverage begins at 6:30 p.m., play by play at 7 p.m. with John Michael and Jim Chones on your FM home of the Cavaliers-100.7 WMMS.   Go Cavs!, Don't take risks on trecherous roads! - Bill Squire, I'd vote for Darth Trump. - Bill Squire, Guys plays all 31 parts of the orchestral Star Wars Theme on guitar! Talented indeed!, Watch this 6-year old Cruehead rock harder than I could ever manage to - Corey
 #ripmotleycrue, Army crew tears apart and rebuilds jeep in 4 minutes! Impressive!, Guy awakens the force for Jedi levitation! Ha!, Carrie Fisher is absolutely hilarious in this interview. - Bill Squire, This sketch is hysterical. Did you get the knockers stuff? - Bill Squire, President Obama will give an update on the ongoing investigation into the tragic attack in #SanBernardino tonight at 8 pm. Listen on our sister station Newsradio WTAM 1100. wtam.com/listen, At the top of every hour, we are remembering the great Scott Weiland with double shots of Scott tunes. 
Listen: http://www.wmms.com/listen, The Cavaliers are in Miami tonight to take on the Heat.  Coverage begins at 7:30 p.m., play by play at 8 p.m. with John Michael and Jim Chones on your FM home of the Cavaliers-100.7 WMMS.   Go Cavs!, All weekend we are remembering the great Scott Weiland with double shots of Scott tunes at the top of every hour. 
Listen: http://www.wmms.com/listen, WMMS remembers the great Scott Weiland with a two hour tribute starting at 7pm.
Listen: http://www.wmms.com/listen, The Cavaliers are in New Orleans tonight to take on the Pelicans.  Coverage begins at 9 p.m., play by play at 9:30 p.m. with John Michael and Jim Chones on your FM home of the Cavaliers-100.7 WMMS.   Go Cavs!, This is catchy and hilarious. - Bill Squire, Join us in supporting the victims of the #SanBernardino shootings yesterday by creating your American Flag profile picture., SEASON 6! - Bill Squire, WMMS remembers the great Scott Weiland with an hour long tribute starting at Noon. 
Listen: http://www.wmms.com/listen, Last call! The iHeartRadio December Online Auction ends today at 1pm! You owe it to yourself to take advantage of these great deals!, Bon appetit!--AC, Feelings alert! This is awesome. - Bill Squire, NOW I'm hungry.--AC, Even better than that one channel that just plays a fireplace.--AC, Dog's reaction to being reunited with owner after 3 years! Priceless!, PRESALE Now - 10PM: Joel McHale
January 23, 2016 at Hard Rock Rocksino Northfield Park, There are parts of this trailer that get me very excited for this movie and then there are the parts with Lex Luthor. - Bill Squire, Give the gift of play with this playground set from Playground World - installation included. Bid now., Love this boomerang cam!, Medieval jousting on your Hoverboard! Nice!, I wrote this thing for Cleveland Scene Magazine's comedy issue. - Bill Squire, This dude gets shut down hard. - Bill Squire, BREAKING NEWS: There has been a mass shooting in San Bernardino, California. The shooter is still at large. Live coverage now on our sister station Newsradio WTAM 1100. wtam.com/listen, Man demonstrates how Uncle Sam is spying on you through your color printer!, Julianne Moore is awesome. - Bill Squire, I love everything about this. - Bill Squire, The iHeartRadio December Online Auction is back now through this Friday at 1 pm. Save up to 70% off retail! Vitamix Machines, Auto Detailing, Playgrounds, Pool Tables, Jewelry, Furniture, Doggy Day Care & more!, PRESALE: Rock On The Range
Purchase presale tickets now through 10PM on Thursday., This movie should be good. - Bill Squire, Here's a comic book movie Erika Lauren would actually enjoy. - Bill Squire, The Cavaliers are home at The Q tonight to take on the Washington Wizards.  Coverage begins at 6:30 p.m., play by play at 7 p.m. with John Michael and Jim Chones on your FM home of the Cavaliers-100.7 WMMS.   Go Cavs!, This little girl makes the drums look easy. - Bill Squire, This is when you use foreplay while until your Boner respawns. - Bill Squire, This is crazy cool but also may make you sick. - Bill Squire, Come hang out with The Alan Cox Show today from 3-7 pm before the Browns take on the Ravens., PSY takes weird music videos to another level. - Bill Squire, Join The Alan Cox Show tomorrow at Liquid as they broadcast live from 3 - 7 pm before the Cleveland Browns take on the Ravens on Monday Night Football., The Cavaliers are home at The Q tonight to take on the New Jersey Nets.  Coverage begins at 7 p.m., play by play at 7:30 p.m. with John Michael and Jim Chones on your FM home of the Cavaliers-100.7 WMMS.   Go Cavs!, The Cavaliers are home at The Q tonight to take on the Bobcats.  Coverage begins at 6:30 p.m., play by play at 7 p.m. with John Michael and Jim Chones on your FM home of the Cavaliers-100.7 WMMS.   Go Cavs!, I like this joke. - Bill Squire, Happy Thanksgiving from Rover, Alan, and everyone at 100.7 WMMS. Try not to burn the turkey or drive over your neighbor's Christmas decorations., The Cavaliers are in Toronto to play the Raptors. Coverage begins at 7p.m. with Mike Snyder, play by play at 7:30 with John Michael and Jim Chones on your FM home of the Cavs-100.7 WMMS. Go Cavs!, This movie is gonna be a lot of fun. Can't wait! - Bill Squire, What happens when you take your driving test in a Porsche 911! I l like when they go to check the engine! Ha!, Im thankful for dumb people doing dumb things. - Bill Squire, The Cavaliers are at Quicken Loans Arena tonight vs. the Orlando Magic. Coverage begins at 6:30 p.m., play by play at 7 with John Michael and Jim Chones on your FM home of the Cavaliers-100.7 WMMS. Go Cavs!, Man gets his Top Fuel cherry popped! Warning: Language!, First peek at the Slipknot Christmas Lights 2015! Hell Yeah!, I can't wait for Thanksgiving. - Bill Squire, Here's a work out video that will change your life. - Bill Squire, The Cavaliers are at Quicken Loans Arena tonight vs. the Atlanta Hawks. Coverage begins at 7 p.m., play by play at 7:30 p.m. with John Michael and Jim Chones on your FM home of the Cavaliers-100.7 WMMS. Go Cavs!, Whenever you're ready, our sister station Majic 105.7 - Cleveland is Cleveland's Christmas Music Station now through Christmas Day. Remember, it's Nolan, Malone and Kullik in the morning and Cleveland's Greatest Holiday Hits all day. wmji.com/listen, If your dog has that special "trip" to the vet coming up, this is for you! Ha!, Mesmerizing. - Bill Squire, It takes a second but it's worth it.- Bill Squire, The Cavaliers are back at Quicken Loans Arena tonight vs. the Milwaukee Bucks.  Coverage begins at 7:30 p.m. play by play at 8 p.m. with John Michael and Jim Chones on your FM home of the Cavaliers-1007 WMMS.   Go Cavs!, Don Vito passed away earlier this week. Here's a montage of him from Jackass and Viva La Bam. - Bill Squire, Ever wonder where the old timey accent came from in old movies? Here's your answer. - Bill Squire, Register to win Guild Wars 2: Heart of Thorns game code & qualify for the grand prize, a Sennheiser Game ZERO headset., You can borrow the van, just keep it under 88 mph! ha!, If you could have any rapper crash a wedding you were at who would you choose? I'd want the cartoon cat from that Paula Abdul song. - Bill Squire, Presale NOW - 10pm on Thursday, November 19th:
Jeff Foxworthy & Larry The Cable Guy
March 18, 2016 at Akron Civic Theatre, Murray Christmas! - Bill Squire, And the Darwin Award goes to..., The Cavaliers are in Detroit tonight to take on the Pistons.  Coverage begins at 7 p.m., play by play at 7:30 p.m. with John Michael and Jim Chones on your FM home of the Cavaliers-100.7 WMMS.   Go Cavs!, Here's Charlie Sheen telling Matt Lauer he is HIV positive. - Bill Squire, Instant karma for guy in SUV who disrupts motorcycle ride for vets!, Maybe if Ronda had shown this kind of class people wouldn't be trashing her so much. - Bill Squire, A lot of music from a little bit of guitar. - Bill Squire, "It's a hard three letters to absorb, It's a turning point in one's life" Charlie Sheen said., An 80's flashback!, What happens in Vegas...is nowhere to be seen.--AC, Rooster Prank! (NSFW)! Cock a doodle doo!, The Cavaliers road trip continues in Milwaukee as they take on the Bucks.  Hear the game on the radio.  Pre-game at 8, play by play at 8:30 p.m. with John Michael and Jim Chones on your FM home of the Cavaliers-100.7 WMMS. Go Cavs!, Harlem Globetrotters set 7 Guinness World records in one day! Impressive!, The Cavaliers are in New York tonight to take on the Knicks.  Coverage begins at 7 play by play at 7:30 p.m. with John Michael and Jim Chones on your FM home of the Cavaliers-100.7 WMMS. Go Cavs!, This sex toy drop prank is hilarious! (NSFW), This sketch is just as relevant as it was in the 90's. - Bill Squire, Hilarious. - Bill Squire, I think they confused modern references with irony. - Bill Squire, Dramatic footage of whacko woman in stolen SUV crashing into police car and claiming to be god! Holy crap!, Little girl crafts a plan to sell her brother to a pet store! Ha!, Kyrie is back as Uncle Drew. Can you spot the former Cavalier and the NBA 3 pt Legend?, PRESALE NOW-10PM: Joe Satriani
April 10, 2016 at Hard Rock Rocksino Northfield Park, Win a pair of entries into the 3rd Annual A Christmas Story Run 5k-10k on December 5th!, Crowd at Mumbai Slash, Myles Kennedy and the Conspirators show sing Sweet Child Of Mine note for note!, Well done. - Bill Squire, I used to have dreams I could fly, this will do the trick! I want one!, I'm all about CRANKCORE! - Bill Squire, It just keeps going, but you can't turn away.--AC, The Cavaliers continue their home stand tonight at Quicken Loans Arena vs. the Utah Jazz.  Coverage begins at 6:30 p.m. play by play at 7 p.m. with John Michael and Jim Chones on your FM home of the Cavaliers-1007 WMMS.   Go Cavs!, Check out the kindergarten auto mechanic! Nice!, This little girl is a bad ass. - Bill Squire, Check out this loud ass bike! Ha!, Trump's monologue was short and sweet. - Bill Squire, Get offa my lawn! No...not up there!--AC, Instant karma for driver who tries to run another driver off the road! (NSFW) Language!, Win WWE 2K16 on XBOX One or PS4 and get in the ring and Raise Some Hell with WWE 2K16!, The Cavs are at The Q this afternoon to take on the Indianapolis Pacers.  Coverage begins at 3 p.m., play by play at 3:30 p.m. with John Michael and Jim Chones on your FM home of the Cavaliers-100.7 WMMS.   Go Cavs!, The Cavs are back at The Q tonight to take on the Philadelphia 76’ers.  Coverage begins at 7 p.m., play by play at 7:30 p.m. with John Michael and Jim Chones on your FM home of the Cavaliers-100.7 WMMS.   Go Cavs!, iHeartRadio supports our heroes! Together, let's make a difference in the lives of wounded veterans in our communities. Visit your local participating retailer before 11/20 and look for products that support the Wounded Warrior Project's Believe in Heroes® campaign. Learn more at http://tinyurl.com/pouxmb9 #BelieveinHeroes, My Force just awakened.--AC, Wind gusts cause waterfall not to fall! Huh!, Register to win WWE 2K16 on XBOX One or PS4 and get in the ring and Raise Some Hell with WWE 2K16!, The makeup dept. has their work cut out for them.--AC, Mans attempt to steal bicycle fails miserably! Ha! The music makes it more comical!, The Cavs are back at The Q tonight to take on the New York Knicks.  Coverage begins at 7:30 p.m., play by play at 8 p.m. with John Michael and Jim Chones on your FM home of the Cavaliers-100.7 WMMS.   Go Cavs!, October 2015 fails compilation! Ha!, David Attenborough rules. - Bill Squire, We need a car wash like this in CLE!, Street performer administers swift justice to guy who tries to robe him.  Uhhh that's not a statue!, This is one of my favorite parts of Halloween. - Bill Squire, Last night I asked people for topics to write jokes about before Hilario at Barrio. Here's the best jokes I came up with. - Bill Squire, Drones and flying pumpkins don't mix!, This drunk dude goes crazy on his UBER driver. - Bill Squire, Baby chimes in on labs' howling competition! Ha!, The Cavs are in the city of Brotherly Love tonight to take on the Sixers.   Coverage begins at 6:30 p.m., play by play at 7 p.m. with John Michael and Jim Chones on your FM home of the Cavaliers-100.7 WMMS.   Go Cavs!, The Cavs open up at home vs the Heat tonight.   Coverage begins at 6:30 p.m., play by play at 7 p.m. with John Michael and Jim Chones on your FM home of the Cavaliers-100.7 WMMS.   Go Cavs!, Guys priceless reaction to Bernie Sanders' marijuana statement! Ha!, Justin Bieber shows mercy for his fans and ends his show after one song. - Bill Squire, Join The Alan Cox Show today as they broadcast LIVE from House of Blues Cleveland from 3 - 6:30p for the 'Just The Tip... Off CAVS Pre-Party'., This guy risked his life to save his dog. - Bill Squire, Guy turns his son's wheelchair into snowspeeder from Empire Strikes Back! I nominate him for father of the year!, This guy knows how to sell cars. - Bill Squire, Bless India's "Birdman"!
http://www.wmms.com/onair/maria-236/man-feeds-k-wild-parakeets-14075768/, Listen to the Cavs on the radio.  Its game 2 of the NBA season as the Cavs travel to Memphis to take on the Grizzlies tonight. Coverage begins at 7:30 p.m., play by play at 8 p.m. with John Michael and Jim Chones on your FM home of the Cavaliers-100.7 WMMS.   Go Cavs!, Hilarious! - Bill Squire, Hey kid, nice shot! Ha!, "Does any of this look familiar?"--AC, It's chunky. - Bill Squire, It all starts for real tonight as the Cavs tip off the season in Chicago vs. the Bulls. Coverage begins at 7:30 p.m., play by play at 8 p.m. with John Michael and Jim Chones on your FM home of the Cavaliers-100.7 WMMS. Go Cavs!, This drunk Eagles fan gives a horrible pre-game speech and I love every second of it. - Bill Squire, Don't be this guy!, This a cool survival shelter. Wonder if there's WIFI? - Bill Squire, OSU's marching band is the best. - Bill Squire, THAT'S how you sling the axe, whippersnappers!--AC, Free Chewy!, I was really happy with Daredevil on Netflix. This looks just as dark. - Bill Squire, This mirror is amazing. - Bill Squire, Bike thief prank! Don't have to speak the language to enjoy this one!, This is a great way to end all the Back to the Future talk. - Bill Squire, Do you live and breathe motorcycles?  Register now to win Ride on PS4 or Xbox One!, This is hilarious. - Bill Squire, If you've always suspected that dubstep was one big goof, here's proof.--AC, Happy Back to the Future Day. - Bill Squire, If he bought a vibrating bed from an old roadside motel, he could put all those quarters to better use.--AC, His sidekick, Tomahawk Lad, was nowhere to be found.--AC, Speed pumpkin carving!, A holy crap plane moment for sure!, Chappelle talks about Cosby and much more. - Bill Squire, These are grrr...eh, you get it.--AC, The Force Awakens your nerd boner. - Bill Squire, Here's dash cam video of Johnny Manziel's run in with the police next week. - Bill Squire, The Cavs are back at The Q tonight as they take on the Dallas Mavs. Hear the play by play with John Michael and Jim Chones on the radio, coverage begins at 6:30 p.m., tip off at 7 p.m. on your FM home of the Cavaliers-100.7 WMMS. Go Cavs!, YES YES YES YES YES YES - Bill Squire, This kid is amazing. - Bill Squire, Hear Cavs basketball tonight on the radio as they take on the Toronto Raptors. Coverage begins at 5:30 p.m., tip off at 6 p.m. on your FM home of the Cavaliers-100.7 WMMS. Go Cavs!, And some people say cats are smarter than dogs! Ha!, Hear Cavs basketball tonight as they take on the Pacers at The Q.   Coverage begins at 6:30 on your FM home of the Cavaliers-100.7 WMMS.   Go Cavs!, Are you worthy? - Bill Squire, Bad ass move. - Bill Squire, Can we get this for Josh Gordon immediately? - Bill Squire, NYC Comic Con had amazing cosplay. - Bill Squire, This is gonna be awesome. - Bill Squire, This is the coolest. - Bill Squire, Australian dash cam compilation! Aussies cussing makes it! (NSFW) Language!, The Cavs first home pre-season game of 2015 is tonight against the Bucks! Coverage starts at 6:30pm on your FM Home for Cavs basketball 100.7, Can't wait for the this. - Bill Squire, Mom not impressed with item son picks out while shopping! Ha!, How not to periscope!, Future mother of the year. - Bill Squire, This should be the actual intro. - Bill Squire, The guy playing the horns facial expressions are priceless! Made my Monday better by watching!, Most polite robber ever!, This lady is crazy. - Bill Squire, My kind of nightmare. - Bill Squire, We need more science. - Bill Squire, 10 of sports most heated Interviews! Ha!, The Alan Cox Show will be talking to The Nightly Show host Larry Wilmore at 4:30pm today! 
Listen live: http://www.wmms.com/listen, Golden retrievers play piano by ear! Wow!, Real Raptors have curves. - Bill Squire, This is awesome. I want to try it. - Bill Squire, Dumbass showing off his new Lamborghini Aventador catches it on fire!, This holy sh*t moment is not the way the Duke boys would do it! (NSFW) Language!, This girls greatest accomplishment is being a cheater. - Bill Squire, null, I'd see all of these. - Bill Squire, This kid sucks but it probably would have been easier to just give him the mac and cheese. - Bill Squire, This dude literally beats the crap out of his opponent. - Bill Squire, These executives should have had an escape plan. - Bill Squire, Lucca the husky says "I love you"! Aww!, John Oliver talks mental health. - Bill Squire, Sisters brawl in raft on river! Warning: Language!, Using cardboard to put a fire out is not effective. - Bill Squire, A deadline is a deadline and ain't nothing gonna stop this driver from getting where he's going. - Bill Squire, This bear is munching on a girls kayak and she is not happy about it. - Bill Squire, There is good news in the world. - Bill Squire, People have a right to know the facts but I like that this sheriff doesn't want to be the one that puts it out there. - Bill Squire, Rare parrot tries to mate wit zoologist! Ha!, These commentators are  hilarious as they make fun of these girls taking selfies. - Bill Squire, I love news bloopers! Here are the best of September 2015!, This lady doesn't even pay attention to what he's saying. Hilarious! - Bill Squire, Purchase presale tickets to see Jason Bonham's Led Zeppelin Experience on December 13th at Hard Rock Rocksino Northfield Park until 10 PM tonight., Road rage instant karma! Yes!, Water on Mars is a huge deal and there are too many people that don't get it. - Bill Squire, A car/train ship your pants moment!, You asked for the biggest names in music – you've got 'em! Watch the #iHeartRadio Music Festival on The CW NOW!, Louie the bird has got some moves!, We now live in a world where a person can make a decent living just waiting in line. - Bill Squire, Dog loves watching wolves on video. reminds me of my girl Nadia wholoves watching Animal Planet!, I hate this but I had to watch it. - Bill Squire, Kid nails perfect 900! Impressive!, Instant justice for phone thief! Ha!
http://www.wmms.com/onair/maria-236/instant-justice-for-phone-thief-13987565/, Katy Perry brings a fan on stage and that fan REALLY loves Katy Perry. - Bill Squire, Join us for the iHeartMedia Cleveland American Red Cross of Greater Cleveland Blood Drive today, Wednesday, September 30, from 9:30 AM to 5:30 PM., If you have this home security safe box, I would get a different one!, We bring the festival to YOU - Part 1 of our #iHeartRadio Music Festival is on The CW tonight at 8pm., Guys play Metallica medley entirely on keyboards!, Can't wait! - Bill Squire, Motorcycle stunt rider crash on highway! Ouch!, Tailgating Browns fans try to name all 23 quarterbacks who started for the Browns since their return in 1999!, I think he killed it last night. I'm a fan. - Bill Squire, We were talking about her on the show today. I like her. - Bill Squire, This is so disgusting. - Bill Squire, My old pal "Luke" used to eat corn on the cob like this!, Stupid but effective. - Bill Squire, Vegans disrupt steak house!, So much bad hair.--AC, This happened a while ago but I've never seen it before today and  it's just so great. - Bill Squire, Mean tweets live are much better. - Bill Squire, Will there be another bendgate controversy. - Bill Squire, This cat will have none of the dog's yapping!, This wasn't exactly what I was expecting but still creeped me out. - Bill Squire, Join us for the iHeartMedia Cleveland American Red Cross of Greater Cleveland Blood Drive on Wednesday, September 30 from 9:30 AM to 5:30 PM., Throwback Thursday (by one year) - Getting beat up by Mickey Mouse, Spongebob and more!, One way to get your daughter off the phone! Ha!, I thought Stephen Colbert did a great job of making Trump look like Trump. - Bill Squire, Dumbass girl "saves" gopher tortoise by tossing it in pond!, Photographer has close call with lightning strike! A ship your pants moment!, Purchase presale tickets to see The Arcs on December 8th at Akron Civic Theatre until 10 PM tonight., Man busted filming up girls skirt!, Yesterday it was pizza rat, today it's milkshake squirrel! NYC and their rodents!, It's amazing that someone can land a plane on a busy street and not cause an accident. - Bill Squire, Meet the NYC subway pizza Rat!, Man demonstrates how to get a boomerang to return! Ha!, Ronda Rousey has an unintentional sexual innuendo moment!, Dramatic high speed chase of motorcycle thieves! Warning: Language!, This guy explains all the reasons you should buy an acrylic water pipe but then... - Bill Squire, A true legend. (2:18 is the real money shot.)--AC, I've never posted a daily puke that's been more disgusting. - Bill Squire, This guy is lucky he didn't lose his leg. - Bill Squire, I know Erika Lauren isn't a fan but I'm happy to see Tracy Morgan doing well. - Bill Squire, Carjacking fail! Ha!, null, Check out the Best of Our #iHeartRadio Music Festival 2015 in Las Vegas, Nevada., The announcer seemed to have a little too much fun with this guy's last name. - Bill Squire, Here we go! Night 2 at our #iHeartRadio Music Festival is underway! WATCH NOW!, Our #iHeartRadio Music Festival is happening tonight at 10PM! Watch it all go down live on Yahoo Music., The party has started! Watch our #iHeartRadio Music Festival live on Yahoo Music now., The man himself Ryan Seacrest getting ready to pump this #iHeartRadio Music Festival crowd UP!
Live stream EVERY MOMENT beginning at 10p
--> iheartradio.com/festival, null, LTFU!, Robot talks, sees, hears and interacts with humans! Reminds me of a scary Chucky doll!, Instant karma for Evo that cuts off motorcycle!, The biggest stars take the #iHeartRadio Music Festival stage this weekend in Las Vegas! Best part is that YOU can watch it all go down live on Yahoo Music both nights., This kid shakes a turd out of his pants but that's not where the video ends. - Bill Squire, No shame in her game. - Bill Squire, Instant karma for arsonist!, I've never seen a figure eight race track before. I can't look away. - Bill Squire, The Cleveland Cavaliers will hit the hardwood for the first action of the 2015-2016 season at the Wine & Gold Scrimmage, presented by FirstEnergy, on Monday, October 5th at 7:00 p.m. at Quicken Loans Arena. Free tickets are available beginning this morning, Friday, September 18th, at 10:00 a.m. at any one of Discount Drug Mart's 72 northern Ohio locations or online at Cavs.com using the convenience of Flash Seats., The wait is almost over! Our #iHeartRadio Music Festival starts tonight at 10 PM. Watch it live on Yahoo Music both nights., Our #iHeartRadio Music Festival starts tomorrow! Watch the biggest stars on Yahoo Music!, Throwback Thursday - ECW chairs in the ring! Ha!, Hillbilly ear piercing!, Here's a helpful list courtesy of Playboy. - Bill Squire, This lady rules sucks at Jeopardy but is my favorite contestant ever. - Bill Squire, Tribe fan attempts to catch foul ball, bounces off his head!, Our #iHeartRadio Music Festival is almost here and you do NOT want to miss it! Best part is that YOU can watch it all go down live on Yahoo Music both nights., Stephen Colbert weighs in on Ohio's Issue 3 on the Late show!, This dog sure has a way of apologizing!, Train smashes into bus just after school children had been evacuated!, null, She's pretty good and Jimmy doing Sting made me laugh. - Bill Squire, I miss this show. - Bill Squire, Hungry raccoon wants food, knocks on door!, Using the roof of your truck to steady your aim for a rifle shoot not a good idea! Warning: Language!, How to get rid of those pesky door to door sales people! Ha!, Epic fails compilation compilation even funnier with a ninja!, Stop A DoucheBag Movement! My favorite part is when a detractor experiences some bad karma!, This is great! - Bill Squire, Burning Man festival goers have some fun with GoPro that dropped off of drone flying over the festival!, This dog is a species traitor. - Bill Squire, Would be carjackers receive instant karma! Dumb asses!, Truck driver captures another's erratic driving and roll over on dash cam! (NSFW) - A lot of Aussie potty mouth!, I'm very healthy thanks to this. - Bill Squire, This lady probably shouldn't have done this. - Bill Squire, Instant karma ensues when man tries to kick defenseless dog! Yes!, This kid is amazing. - Bill Squire, When you pick the wrong car to race! Ha!, R.I.P. Rocco Scotti! Long time Tribe fans know he was the voice of the National Anthem at games for decades!, Gorilla at zoo reacts to being shown pictures of other gorillas!, Siri answers question during a White House press briefing! Ha!, Cop talks suicidal man off bridge! Well done!, Animals interrupting sports! the only thing missing is the Cleveland Indians squirrel!, Throwback Thursday! Max Headroom pirates Chicago TV station!, The world's tallest, fastest. longest dive coaster coming to Cedar Point next season! Can't wait!, This is impressive. - Bill Squire, Man's priceless reaction to receiving Star Wars toy! Warning: Language!, Nothing like a little unison head banging to get a jammed coaster moving!, Friends don't let friends GoPro selfie and drive! Ouch!, Nice. - Bill Squire, This chick has some skills. - Bill Squire, The Best Damn Band In The Land would have formed a better Starship Enterprise avoiding this controversy!, Eric is one foul mouthed cockatoo! (NSFW) Language!, This lady really says vagina a lot. Ridiculous. - Bill Squire, Man sees color for first time! Can't imagine everything looking bland! (NSFW) Language!, Jack rabbit celebrates after "scoring touchdown" at CFL game! Ha!, Register to win tickets to see Ace Frehley on Saturday, September 19th at Hard Rock Rocksino Northfield Park., Um, isn't that a crossing guards job?, This dog can't handle the excitement of a new baby in the house. - Bill Squire, Back to school with Patches the crossing guard dog!, Throwback Thursday! The tequila suicide shot!, Cool little trick for the iPhone. - Bill Squire, Atlas V rocket over Miami airport spurs UFO reports!, Man finds long lost song! The power of music, not matter what language! Made my eyes leak!, Marine vet calls out black Lives Matter movement! Brave man indeed!, Australian reporter gets bit by bull ant during live report!, This movie looks like one of Will Smith's best performances. - Bill Squire, This performance by the Top Secret Drum Corps is outstanding!, Meet the kid behind the DEEZ NUTS campaign. - Bill Squire, Huge flying bug scares TV reporter during live report! Ha!, Ronda Rousey accepts invitation to Marine Corp Ball! Love it!, "Are ya laughin' now, BEEEYATCH!?"--AC, That smells good from here!--AC, This biggest hits compilation is getting me pumped for football season!, Another road rage instant karma! They don't mess around in Brazil!, This kid's got some balls. - Bill Squire, This gives a whole new meaning to catfishing! Well done guys!, Drone fishing! To quote Hammy "Who would have thunk it"!, A whole lotta NO right here.--AC, Drive thru smack down! Damn! (NSFW), Here's Kanye's speech that we were just talking about. If you are having a good day I suggest you don't listen to it. - Bill Squire, I'm not complaining...- Bill Squire, Driver of truck smashes his way out between 2 police cars! Warning: Language!, Our sister station Newsradio WTAM 1100 will carry the Cleveland Indians Press Conference Live Today at 1 PM. wtam.com/listen, Anchors freak out over shark video! Does "I think we're going to need a bigger boat" come to mind?, Short & sweet- AC, Stripper Scott gives Erika a scare., The Mythbusters put Walter White's trunk machine gun to the test.  - Bill Squire, I love everything about this...especially Jennifer Lawrence. - Bill Squire, The Donald proves his hair is real!, Combining British humor and animals a winning combination!, This is alcohol abuse!, Massive landslides caught on film! Holy crap!, Check out this super cut of #Scarika videos. - Bill Squire, Cuteness alert! 5 yr old reacts to becoming a big brother!, null, Cameraman on Segway takes out Usain Bolt!, She is very edgy. - Bill Squire, Building under construction suddenly collapses and crumbles onto busy street! Holy crap!, Justified or not, road rage never ends well!, Cat's always do things their own damn way!, Hold my beer! Another drunk stupid moment!, Guy trying to get out of tow! Wonder how it ends!, I can't think of a better way to celebrate Peace Day (which I've never heard of before today) than by waging war on your digestive system. All jokes aside I want this to happen. - Bill Squire, This is how car robberies go down in Russia! Ha!, Devastating news out of Virginia, What happens when you put an electrode massager on your face! Some of the faces are pretty comical!, I want to go. - Bill Squire, Would be robber gets owned by shopkeeper! Don't know what the sign is in the middle of the video though!, Dash cam footage from carjacked jeep accompanied by the 911 call! Lengthy but fascinating!, This woman should be swung around by her neck! POS!, Hail something something...--AC, 14 yr old blind and autistic boy sings National Anthem before a Red Sox game! Well done!, This ESPN College Football Playoff commercial featuring Urban Meyer gets me pumped for Buckeyes football! O-H-I-O!, Truck smashes into bridge and breaks  into pieces! Uh that's what that low clearance sign was for!, The Foo Fighters keep doing cool sh!t. - Bill Squire, Responsible Ohio pro legalization of marijuana ad! Your thoughts on their proposal?, I didn't have these drugs when I had my wisdom teeth out! Makes you say some funny stuff!, I kept waiting for someone to fly out of a chimney.--AC, Guy makes other guys teeth fly with one punch! Ouch! (NSFW), WMU Football team surprises walk on with scholarship! Nice!, Check out this clip of Bill Burr on Conan from last night and tune into The Alan Cox Show at 4:20 for your chance to win tickets to see him in Cleveland this fall. - Bill Squire, Man plays Zep's Kashmir on cigar box guitar! Impressive!, These girls have had some real bad days at work. - Bill Squire, Man captures lightning striking a plane while videoing during ground hold!, Peter Gabriel would be so proud!--AC, Damn, this is the lowest of low!, Dana Gould joins The Alan Cox Show live in studio coming up today at 4:20. Dana will be performing at Pickwick & Frolic/Hilarities 4th Street Theatre tonight through Saturday. Listen live: http://www.wmms.com/listen, Obama announces his endorsement for the 2016 presidential election. - Bill Squire, Thoroughly check out your dog sitter!, Shockwave tears up the asphalt at Night Under Fire!, Cat gets a brain freeze! Ha!, Purchase presale tickets to see The Brian Setzer Orchestra when they bring their 12th Annual Christmas Rocks! Tour to Hard Rock Rocksino Northfield Park on Friday, November 20th until 10 PM tonight., Dead mouse + crescent roll = genius.--AC, Not quite as funny as the actual debate but still worth a watch. - Bill Squire, This is one pissed off bear!, Always love instant karma!, Hilarious. - Bill Squire, Take it easy, psycho. - Bill Squire, Man's outfit embarrasses son on first day of school! Ha!, Bad ass! - Bill Squire, Man cries and screams like a little girl on ride! Warning: Language!, Zoologist gets upstaged by whale!, These cyclists are lucky to be alive let alone unscathed!, I predict what will happen if Donald Trump becomes president. - Bill Squire, 11 yr old girl promised a puppy if she hits her first hole in one! I say that was enough motivation!, I respect the hell out of our law enforcement, but this former Ohio State Trooper, what a d bag!, My sword is bigger than your sword! Ha!, "Did you do that to Mom??"--AC, Check out this amazing audio of a state trooper saving a man's life. - Bill Squire, This is awesome. - Bill Squire, The Foo Fighters do another cool thing. - Bill Squire, Oh Canada, I'll stand on guard for thee. - Bill Squire, Damn this jet ski is powerful!, 100 yrs of men's swimwear! This one is for you girls!, French Bulldog takes over ball pits!, Man on bike unscathed after being hit by car head on! Wow!, This is OPEN MIC! - Bill Squire, Whale alerts men it needs help! One smart whale!, This eagle doesn't want to share its space!, WOW! - Bill Squire, This makes me want to do QT marathon this weekend. - Bill Squire, This dog is having too much fun!, I could not imagine being awake for brain surgery let alone singing! Wow!, We are just about a month away from our #iHeartRadio Music Festival!! Want to go?, Bear vs deer carcass! One determined bear!, The Onion does a hilarious parody of Vice with their new web series "EDGE". Check it out. - Bill Squire, Foo Fighters Taylor Hawkins rocking the drums in the 9th grade!, Dog's attraction to leather! Ha!, I liked this Spider-Man more than the reboot and Spider-Man 3. - Bill Squire, Tailgating at the Muni Lot this Thursday! Here's what you need to know!, Dave is hands down my favorite comedian. - Bill Squire, Guy relaxing with fish get's big surprise! Ouch!, Store has big plans for 10,000th shoplifter! She is not so pleased!, This guy must not be a Mitch Hedberg fan or else he would know that escalator is currently stairs. - Bill Squire, This instrument makes sounds for horror movies! Nifty!, How to win a street fight! (NSFW)!, Old Spice guys are fighting it out. - Bill Squire, John Oliver cracks me up and some of the old sex ed videos they show are unbelievable. - Bill Squire, Car gets swept away by mimi tornado in Taiwan! Holy crap!, This movie looks so good. - Bill Squire, Twerking Dog - The Toy! You knew it was bound to happen!, The line just got a lot shorter for this ride. - Bill Squire, This man is a POS and a coward!, This dog is determined to cool off! Must fill pool!, This is the craziest home run I've ever seen!, How do you think Trump did last night? I was expecting more but this was pretty funny. - Bill Squire, Skier's oh crap of falling into huge crevice and ensuing rescue caught on skier's helmet cam!, I'm gonna charge you so hard. - Bill Squire, Oh little girl you're so strong...Uh oh!, Base jumper attached chute to skin! Why?? Ow! Warning: may be a little graphic!, You’re already a big fan of WMMS. Can you imagine putting this audience to work for local companies? We have an opening for an Account Executive. If you have sales talent and are a real difference maker, you should apply.

Work with top local and national personalities and key sports properties. Interviews will start quickly with top candidates.

Apply Now: https://iheartmedia-openhire.silkroad.com/epostings/index.cfm?fuseaction=app.jobInfo&version=1&jobid=5897, This parrot is awsome!, All jokes aside I love Arby's. - Bill Squire, Shrek with Chris Farley would have been a very different movie. - Bill Squire, Ghosts? Aliens? Lake Monsters? 10 mysterious photos that  can't be explained! Love this stuff!, Whale watcher sh*t's himself! Language warning!, Throwing a champagne bottle against the wall! Ouch!, This ladies give some tips that really have nothing to do with popsicles. - Bill Squire, Triple H and Stephanie McMahon award 8 yr old cancer patient contract to be honorary WWE Superstar!, Rare Alice In Chains show surfaces 25 and a half years later!, If you want to make $15/hour working fast food you gotta get rid of the people like this. - Bill Squire, Want tickets to the SOLD OUT iHeartRadio Music Festival? That's what #WinningWednesday is for!, Man's love song to his dog! Doogie the dog returns affection!, The DEADPOOL trailer is finally here. - Bill Squire, Teen with Asperger's beaten by his peers for being different has commendable way to exact attackers punishment!, Cat busted imitating dog!, Lexus made a real hoverboard. Bad ass. - Bill Squire, The mom shows up at the end of the video with another kid. I guess we know who's the favorite in that  family. - Bill Squire, Say momma for some food! I think the dog is hungrier! Ha!, Love this robot drive thru prank!, This kid is a turd. - Bill Squire, Third grader cuffed in classroom by Deputy Sheriff for acting up!, Mother of the Year! Police say this drunk mom drove to the store to get more booze with her 8-year-old daughter clinging to the vehicle!, Puppy has epic sneeze!, For those who just seen to get out of bed in the morning!, The ultimate pipe dream! Guy surfs waves of Tahiti on dirt bike!, Here's the NASCAR pit crew crash we were just talking about. - Bill Squire, Check out the best news bloopers of July 2015! (NSFW)!, PHOTOS: Lollapalooza 2015! See who rocked Chicago's Grant Park this weekend!, The trailer for Deadpool hits the web tomorrow. I liked what I saw from the comic con bootleg. - Bill Squire, You never see this kind of player get ejected from a game! Ha!, Did you know Ice T did voice over work for classic cartoons like Care Bears and The Smurfs? - Bill Squire, Win a Cedar Point Getaway from General RV Center including 4 tickets and round trip transportation., Tickets for the must-see concert event of the year go on-sale at 1PM ET / 10 AM PT. 

Get ready to party in Vegas with music's best!, Tickets go on sale TODAY at 1 pm! Don’t miss your chance to see the 2015 #iHeartRadio Music Festival LIVE > http://bit.ly/iHeartRadioFestivalOnSale, Sad news from the wrestling world. - Bill Squire, Man reunited with beloved dog he had to give up! I love happy endings!, Kudos to this citizen helping a Cincinnati cop with this arrest!, Dave Attell joins The Alan Cox Show live in studio coming up today at 4:20. Dave will be headlining at Hilarities this weekend with Bill Squire opening the show! Listen live: http://www.wmms.com/listen, Check out this trailer that will be Robin Williams final performance on film. - Bill Squire, Don't miss out on the amazing 2015 #iHeartRadio Music Festival! Use your @MasterCard and get tickets now > iheartradio.com/mastercard, Typical Steelers Fan from Cleveland! Yikes!, Well that sucks. - Bill Squire, I love her reaction. - Bill Squire, I might have to bust out my vinyl for this VW Bus record player!, She's good at exercising. - Bill Squire, Check out Erika Lauren in this simulation. - Bill Squire, Child hot car deaths happen way too often! Hopefully this car seat will help prevent these tragedies!, Paying Fenway Park beer prices would make me sick as well. - Bill Squire, LeVar Burton stopped by Rover's Morning Glory today to chat about Star Trek, Roots, Reading Rainbow and more! You can see him tonight at the Cleveland Public Library at 7pm and the event is FREE!, Want to go to the @iHeartRadio Music Festival? Get your tickets before they go on-sale to the public!  #iHeartRadio, How do you ask Foo Fighters to play a show? Get together 1,000 musicians to play "Learn To Fly"!, BEHOLD! The lineup for the 2015 @iHeartRadio Music Festival!, Win a Cedar Point Getaway from General RV Center including 4 tickets and round trip transportation., There's no way a human could move that way. - Bill Squire, Jimmy Kimmel does a bang up job addressing the dentist that killed Cecil the Lion. - Bill Squire, TOMORROW: The 2015 iHeartRadio Music Festival lineup will be announced! 

TODAY: Be the first to win a trip to Vegas to see it!, The comedic side of Stephen Hawking!, Ah! The life of a pug!, New CLE-VAGE!, That's the most bad ass thing I've ever seen. - Bill Squire, Arnold is back! Recreates Terminator 2 bar scene with current WWE wrestlers!, Before there was Roverfest, there was the World Series Of Rock!, Best Crime Stoppers video ever!, Seth Meyers calls in to The Alan Cox Show today around 3:30. Check out some of his favorite monologue jokes from last week. - Bill Squire, Terror at 4 mph!--AC, Dad busts daughter for drinking and driving! Ha!, Dave Grohl has his doctor front the band for a tune!, Sweet. - Bill Squire, Patrons of Circle K in Akron encounter a mob rob!, It takes sacrifice to succeed. - Bill Squire, I'll apologize in advance.--AC, New anchor has amusing theory of why Amazon makes more money than Walmart!, RTA cop sprays protesters! Does not show what led up to incident however!, I haven't played video games in a while but if this were a real game I'd have to play it. - Bill Squire, Bud Light wants to fill your 2015 summer concert bucket list with tickets to some of the hottest concerts coming to NorthEast Ohio, including Kid Rock on Thursday, July 30th at Blossom Music Center., Tough choice!, Register to win a family 4 pack of tickets to Kennywood., I've done the exact same thing as this kid...but I was 31 years old at the time. - Bill Squire, Win an entry in the Rock Hall Half Marathon & Rock City 5K Sunday August 23rd in Downtown Cleveland!, Cancer patient on last day of chemo gets huge surprise! Heartwarming!, Which one would you buy? http://www.wmms.com/listen, That is a well executed assault on the media. - Bill Squire, Bud Light wants to fill your 2015 summer concert bucket list with tickets to some of the hottest concerts coming to NorthEast Ohio, including Kid Rock on Thursday, July 30th at Blossom Music Center., Can this guy read your mind?, Brutal WWE moves! Don't try this at home!, Guys save hammerhead shark on Florida beach!, Win a Cedar Point Getaway from General RV Center including 4 tickets and round trip transportation., This lady casually mentions her cousin started a fire cause she won't hook up with him. - Bill Squire, Huge wave sweeps away little pooch, swimmer comes to it's rescue!, Win an entry in the Rock Hall Half Marathon & Rock City 5K Sunday August 23rd in Downtown Cleveland!, Man mistakes dog for lion, shoots dog! A Hole!, While guy is driving on freeway, 2 hackers remotely kill the jeep!, They still sound great. - Bill Squire, Halestorm and Corey Taylor from last night's AP Music Awards!, Little girl cops an attitude when she can't trick the tooth fairy!, Instant karma and instant justice compilation!, Darwin Award goes out to this couple!, I bet she's the kind of person that pours the ketchup all over the fries instead of dipping them. - Bill Squire, Bless these residents and fire department for administering CPR to a dog, saving her life!, Squirrel gorges at bird feeder! Talk about food coma!, Where do you get a water balloon that big? - Bill Squire, DayMan V NightMan looks way better than Batman V Superman. - Bill Squire, (ICYMI) Slayer on violin!, What happens when you watch yourself on the big screen!, Guy tips dancer, wife doesn't take it so well!, The Rock Hall Half Marathon presented by the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame takes place on Sunday, August 23rd. Register to win an entry now!, Win a Cedar Point Getaway from General RV Center including 4 tickets and round trip transportation., Check out this video of Judd Apatow making fun of Bill Cosby. - Bill Squire, This was gross. - Bill Squire, Donald Trump gave out Lindsay Graham's phone number today!, Quickly reload your arsenal for your next water balloon attack!, Screaming kid vs diner owner!, Fore! - Bill Squire, This makes me want to learn how to play the sousaphone. - Bill Squire, We have Nev Schulman from MTV"s Catfish on air with Rover's Morning Glory right now! Tune in wmms.com/listen or listen on iHeartRadio!!, This chameleon loves to pop bubbles!, Man growls at tiger and gets an unexpected response!, NFL rookies find out what their Madden 16 ratings are!, Florida is just the worst. This guy gets fired for being a good person. - Bill Squire, Slayer meets violin!, Guy fails at cheap shot!, The only surfer I know by name is Jeff Spicoli and my guess is that he would think that this was awesome. - Bill Squire, The first weiner Duji has touched in years. #roverfest2015, Win a pair of ticket to see Chris Cornell on Thursday, October 8th at Lakewood Civic Auditorium., Make your cats b-hole beautiful. - Bill Squire, Win 4 VIP Sky Box tickets to see Five Finger Death Punch, Papa Roach and In This Moment on Sunday, October 4th at Jacobs Pavilion at Nautica., I went to Cedar Point. Here's a quick video recap. - Bill Squire, 3 Doors Down singer calls out guy in crowd for hitting woman and has the dude thrown out!, Peak into the life of Joe Haden with his newly launched YouTube Channel!, Whoah! Color changing hair!, Nature Time Lapse!, Hilarious. - Bill Squire, Throwback Thursday Rowdy Roddy Piper - I'm Your Man!, Drone with a gun! You knew someone would make one!, A mexican drug dealer known as El Chapo escaped prison using an underground tunnel. - Bill Squire, Check out this guy's amazing trick shot!, Ronda calls out Floyd!, Holy crap moment when plane makes emergency landing on highway!, Purchase presale tix to see Slash on September 26th at Hard Rock Rocksino Northfield Park until 10pm tonight., Purchase presale tickets to see Godsmack and Breaking Benjamin on Thursday, September 22nd at Jacobs Pavilion at Nautica until 10pm tonight., WE ARE ROCKING OUT THIS MORNING! Keith Richards is going solo and his new hit "Trouble" has us wanting even more!, "Pickleboy" surpises "Angry Grandpa" with a house! Made my eyes leak!, Win 4 VIP Sky Box tickets to see Five Finger Death Punch, Papa Roach and In This Moment on Sunday, October 4th at Jacobs Pavilion at Nautica., I wanna try this but I wish it had a ramp at the end into a pool or lake. - Bill Squire, Jedi with GoPro! Holy Obi Wan Kenobi!, See what happens when an armed robber f's with a Mansfield TX firefighter! Swift justice!, The look on the old dude's face when he gets tackled is priceless.--AC, This meditation video should help you get through your week. - Bill Squire, LeBron on Jimmy Fallon, Be sure to tune into Rover's Morning Glory this morning at 10:30! Rover will be talking Roverfest with Scott Weiland! Listen live here: http://www.wmms.com/listen, Fence? No problem!, Is Sharkcano next?, This rules. - Bill Squire, This yoga video does not increase flexibility. - Bill Squire, See what happens when the Blue Angels make a low pass over a beach!, Popular demand to name building after long standing mayor thwarted by city! From a few years back but still comical!, This is sneaky! The knife belt!, This team has a "Bat Dog"! Love it!, I want to see this movie but this video mostly made me want some potato teasers. - Bill Squire, Penn and Teller are wowed by a "Rubik's Cube Magician". I'm wowed by that a "Rubik's Cube Magician" is even a thing. - Bill Squire, It's a cloud, it's plane its...what the hell is this?, The Suicide Squad trailer is great. - Bill Squire, The encyclopedias don't make me feel as old as the rage I feel when I see a young person do anything. - Bill Squire, I'm so excited about this movie. Real sets and practical effects make my inner 10 year old smile. - Bill Squire, LeBron takes Amy Schumer and other Trainwreck cast mates on a road trip to Swenson's!, Jason Kipnis is BBTN All-Star social media correspondent!, Who's afraid of a big ass spider? Not this guy! Warning - May make your skin crawl!, All I got to do for my 18th birthday was play tambourine for the Gin Blossoms. - Bill Squire, This dude will always be the shrimp.--AC, Bill and 8 listeners will get a four hour VIP escorted tour with up-the-exit ride privileges. Register to win now., Why can't Lex Luthor just be bald? - Bill Squire, Register to win a pair of tickets to see Ace Frehley on Saturday, September 19th at Hard Rock Rocksino Northfield Park!, Register to win a pair of tickets to see Three Days Grace on Sunday, July 19th at House of Blues!, Older folks react to hearing and seeing Slipknot for the first!, Win tickets to see 311 with special guest DJ Trichrome at Hard Rock Rocksino Northfield Park on Wednesday, July 15th!, That's gonna leave a mark. - Bill Squire, Alternate lost scene from Forrest Gump!, Walking Dead Season 6 Trailer - Official!, This guy did not plan his heist very well. - Bill Squire, Testing the choices of Americans! Silver or Chocolate?, There are people that spent hundreds of thousands of dollars to go to school in order to bring us a disembodied twerking butt and I couldn't be happier about it. - Bill Squire, It's the final hours of the iHeartRadio Home Improvement Auction! Don't miss your chance to save on everything you need to improve your home...like fencing from Northeast Ohio Fence & Deck, Inc! Better get your bids in now! Auction closes TODAY at 1 pm. www.bidoncleveland.com!, You can (but shouldn't) shoot fireworks off of your head and not die. - Bill Squire, Instant Karma will get you every time!, Register to win a pair of tickets to see Three Days Grace on Sunday, July 19th at House of Blues Cleveland., (ICYMI) Kevin Love expresses his love of the Cavs and Cleveland!, Bill and 8 listeners will get a four hour VIP escorted tour with up-the-exit ride privileges. Register to win now., We got some great new additions to the CLE-VAGE gallery. - Bill Squire, One cop stands up for citizen and lectures another officer on citizens' rights!, Reports on LeBron's new deal!, He likes us. He really likes us. - Bill Squire, Join us tonight at Edgewater Beach for Cleveland Metroparks #EdgewaterLIVE. Bring a blanket or chair and enjoy activities, music from "almost famous", and food. Spin the Prize Wheel from 5:30 to 7:30 PM for a chance to win great prizes., Conan knows how to make an entrance. - Bill Squire, Purchase presale tickets to see Bret Michaels Friday, October 9th at Hard Rock Rocksino Northfield Park today until 10 PM., 5 years ago today LeBron announced he was taking his talents to South Beach! Where you watching and what did you do?, Mastiff snitches on his buddy!, This lady's advice about sharks should have included alligators!, Time to get your bid on for the iHeartRadio Home Improvement Auction! You can save hundreds on everything you need to improve your home...like this Master Spa Hot Tub from Best Buy Pools and Spas! Hurry the auction ends this Friday at 1 pm! bidoncleveland.com!, The past is the future. - Bill Squire, Beck Center for the Arts in Lakewood is ready to rock with Green Day’s American Idiot this summer! Discount tickets for WMMS listeners are available for opening weekend, July 10th through 12th.  Purchase your $15 tickets today at BeckCenter.org and use promo code WMMS., Bert Kreischer is calling in at 5:30 pm today to promote his show at Pickwick & Frolic/Hilarities 4th Street Theatre tomorrow night at 8 pm. I'll be hosting that show but you should come anyway. - Bill Squire, Dave Grohl surprise "Supergroup"  pre-concert morning concert! Hardest working man in show business!, The truth comes out. - Bill Squire, Fast food fights! Your week in review! (NSFW), FSU QB De'Andre Johnson altercation with female! The Browns have the fumble, the drive...FSU has the punch!, Bidding is now open for the iHeartRadio Home Improvement Auction! You can save hundreds on granite counter tops, plumbing, roofing, flooring and more! Check out all of the great items up for bid now at bidoncleveland.com!, Metal God Rob Halford talks with The Alan Cox Show TODAY at 4:30! \m/ Listen live here: http://www.wmms.com/listen, Conan ruins this ladies night out. - Bill Squire, POS shoots family dog on 4th of July! Willoughby police need help in finding sail POS!, This girl is crazy talented. - Bill Squire, Kevin Love on the cover of ESPN Body 2015! Enjoy girls!, Gander Mountain is your new dentist!--AC, The car commercial you won't see on TV - Swearing Kids! Warning: Language!, This sucks but also makes me want to go to a race and also it's awesome. - Bill Squire, Cleveland sure does have a lot of HOT MOMS! Check out all the photos., ICYMI: Lindsey Pelas shows us how to properly celebrate our independence. - Bill Squire, HAPPY 4TH OF JULY! - Bill Squire, Hilarious. - Bill Squire, Beck Center for the Arts in Lakewood is ready to rock with Green Day’s American Idiot! Discount tickets for WMMS listeners are available for opening weekend, July 10th through 12th.  Purchase your $15 tickets today at BeckCenter.org and use promo code WMMS., Taunting karma at it's best. - Bill Squire, Check out all the hot moms running around Cleveland!, Watch this compilation of people fainting during live broadcasts. - Bill Squire, Let freedom ring. - Bill Squire, Find Fourth of July fireworks in your neighborhood with our Fireworks Guide., I'd party with this dog. - Bill Squire, Good mom. - Bill Squire, What a guard dog! Ha!, Stephen Colbert took over a cable access show for a night. I love this man. - Bill Squire, This is probably more sexual harassment than prank but it still made me laugh. - Bill Squire, Crazy save to win the race!, This is too short. I want more. - Bill Squire, Im pretty excited for the doc about Chris Farley. - Bill Squire, You think this is real or was she in on it? - Bill Squire, Of course that is how it ended. - Bill Squire, Watch Kanye West ruin this classic Queen song. - Bill Squire, Fireworks malfunction shuts down Liberty Fest Display at Crocker Park last night!, BRAND NEW MUSIC! We got the world premiere of Shinedown's new track "Cut The Cord!", This is made me laugh a lot. - Bill Squire, This is the most Kramer way you can enter Jerry's apartment. - Bill Squire, That Metal Show's Don Jamieson stops by the studio today at 3:20 to talk a little metal and mayhem with The Alan Cox Show! Listen live: http:www.wmms.com/listen, This guy doesn't let having no arms stop him from playing the drums!, This is the worst! - Bill Squire, Hey! Be careful cutting that rail! Ouch, never mind., Hang on Kitty, Kitty Hang On! O-H-O-NO!, Jon Stewart aged pretty well. - Bill Squire, I'll relax for the rest of this conversation! Oops!, I like when animals do things that people do like use ladders and swim in pools. - Bill Squire, Would you do this with your SO? - Bill Squire, That is the most giant airplane bathroom I've ever seen. - Bill Squire, His Liam Neeson is the best. - Bill Squire, Purchase presale tikets to see Trailer Park Boys on December 13th at the Connor Palace at Playhouse Square!, WOAH! Whitney Houston lives in this guy!, Find Fourth of July fireworks in your neighborhood with our Fireworks Guide., So gross. - Bill Squire, It's a bummer that this is still relevant all these years later. - Bill Squire, An old white republican rapping about a hot tub full of ladies is the party song of the summer. - Bill Squire, WORLD PREMIERE! Disturbed is back with a headbanger to kick off your day!, Smoking hot chick talks about the weather...or something., This guy should probably get axed for this. - Bill Squire, LeBron LOVES Cleveland! - Bill Squire, If you are dumb enough to let your friend swing a sword at your face you deserve to get your nose sliced off. - Bill Squire, Don't miss your chance to win a 2015 Kia Forte Koup EX or one of two cash prizes in the 2015 Coats for Kids Cleveland Car Raffle. Purchase tickets Thursday, June 25th from 3 to 4:59 PM at Mentor Kia with the drawing to follow., Win tickets to Boston Mills Artfest June 27th & 28th and July 3rd, 4th, & 5th at Boston Mills/Brandywine Ski Resort., Greg Fitzsimmons stops by the The Alan Cox Show today at 4:20. Listen live here: http://www.wmms.com/listen, This band will definitely be making waves this summer! Listen to the new iHeartRadio On The Verge Artist, The Struts!, Father's Day doesn't get the love. - Bill Squire, Jon Stewart is gonna be missed. - Bill Squire, 10PM! Get ready for The Black Keys to rock New York City silly! Watch their epic performance!, OH MY GOD! - Bill Squire, Arnold has still got it. - Bill Squire, Set those puppies free. - Bill Squire, Purchase presale tickets to see Ralphie May on Thursday, September 17th at Hard Rock Rocksino Northfield Park until 10pm tonight., Purchase presale tickets to see Lynyrd Skynyrd on July 17th at Hard Rock Rocksino Northfield Park until 10pm tonight., Coming up at 10:00 we have WWE Monday Night Raw Host & singer, Lilian Garcia, in studio! Listen in www.wmms.com/listen !, A couple of college dudes get into it at a Subway in Maryland. - Bill Squire, Slow motion butt JELL-O! - Bill Squire, Check out Stephen Colbert announcing an announcement. _ Bill Squire, Dave Grohl writes open letter to fans about his leg injury and apologizes for having to cancel Foo Fighters shows. This guy is pretty bad ass...for realz!, Thanks for a great season Cleveland Cavaliers! #ALLinCLE, Get out of the way idiot. - Bill Squire, This guy notices a live broadcast near his house and tries to make it in the shot before they go back  to the studio. - Bill Squire, Love this guy's reaction to Blackhawks winning the Stanley Cup!, Did you know Will Ferrell and Kristen Wiig are in a Lifetime movie together? Here's the trailer. - Bill Squire, Nothing better than seeing Dick Goddard learn to #whip and #NaeNae, along with Erika Lauren, RMG's Kaitlan & Jeffrey, Slider The Mascot and other Cleveland celebs! Only thing better would've been footage of Dick Goddard doing the #StankyLeg!, At the 1 min mark things get good. - Bill Squire, The lead singer of Smash Mouth gets angry at a dude throwing stuff at him. - Bill Squire, Dave Grohl can't be stopped. - Bill Squire, He caught what?--AC, Win Cleveland Cavaliers NBA Finals tickets., Win tickets to Boston Mills Artfest June 27th & 28th and July 3rd, 4th, & 5th at Boston Mills/Brandywine Ski Resort., Cheer on your Cleveland Cavaliers as they take on the Golden State Warriors in Game 5 of the NBA Finals tonight at 8 PM! Coverage begins at 7:30 PM on your FM Home for Cavaliers Basketball, 100.7 WMMS., Win a Hard Rock Cafe Cleveland Imagine Dragons Prize Pack including Imagine Dragons tickets, Hard Rock Cafe gift card, and more., The NBA Finals return to Quicken Loans Arena on Tuesday, June 16th and we want to send you to cheer on the Cleveland Cavaliers. Enter to win tickets now. #ALLinCLE, Win tickets to Cleveland Gladiators AFL Cavs Night Friday, June 19th at Quicken Loans Arena., And now...69 Reasons To Get Your Car Washed!, Win tickets to see the Cleveland Cavaliers in Game 6 of NBA Finals. #ALLinCLE, Win tickets to the Cleveland Italian American Summer Festival June 26th through 28th at the Cuyahoga County Fairgrounds., Win Cleveland Cavaliers NBA Finals Tickets. Enter daily for more chances to win. #ALLinCLE, Ah the sights of summer! 24 G-String Swallowing Boot-TAYS!, This girl is singing a song in her room when she is rudely interrupted. - Bill Squire, I enjoy this way more than a well excited dive. - Bill Squire, Go Cavs! Win tickets to see you Cleveland Cavaliers take on the Golden State Warriors in Game 6 of the NBA Finals Tuesday, June 16th at Quicken Loans Arena. #ALLinCLE, Here's the Delly song by Dirt. - Bill Squire, Conan drones on and on about Home Depot upsetting Bryce Dallas Howard and his sponsor Lowes. - Bill Squire, Win tickets to Cleveland Gladiators AFL Cavs Night Friday, June 19th at Quicken Loans Arena., Jimmy Kimmel trolls Golden State Warrior fans and I love it. - Bill Squire, Did they miss any? - Bill Squire, Win tickets to the Cleveland Italian American Summer Festival June 26th through 28th at the Cuyahoga County Fairgrounds., Why the long face?--AC, A nice video on a nice day. - Bill Squire, Jerry has more to say about political correct culture in which we live. - Bill Squire, Not the easiest way to open a beer but I still want to try it. - Bill Squire, These guys are performing at our Daytime Village at the 2015 iHeartRadio Music Festival! So, who wants some tickets?, Don't miss your chance to win tickets to see your Cleveland Cavaliers take on the Golden State Warriors in Game 4 of the NBA Finals on Thursday, June 11th at Quicken Loans Arena. #ALLinCLE, Adam Carolla talks with Rover's Morning Glory this morning coming up at 10:30. Listen live now! http://www.wmms.com/listen, Kirk and James with another stellar rendition of the Star Spangled Banner!, Win a Hard Rock Cafe Cleveland Imagine Dragons Prize Pack including Imagine Dragons tickets, Hard Rock Cafe gift card, and more., Go Cavs! Cheer on the your Cleveland Cavaliers as they take on the Golden State Warriors in Game 3 of the NBA Finals tonight at Quicken Loans Arena. Coverage begins at 8:00 PM on sister station Newsradio WTAM 1100. Plus, enter to win tickets to Game 4 now. #ALLinCLE, Can't wait for Stephen to be back on TV. - Bill Squire, The 5 Best Les Paul Guitar Players Of All Time! Anyone left off the list?, POS Mom fight at Walmart! (NSFW), NewsChannel 5 meteorologist Mark Johnson demonstrate his displeasure of the refs after game 2 of the NBA Finals!, How to make a Mad Max inspired flamethrower ukulele! Nice!, The threat of sodomy would make me run a little faster. - Bill Squire, All this week, listen to Rover's Morning Glory, Maria and The Alan Cox Show to win a pair of tickets to Journey’s Alternative Press Music Awards fueled by Monster Energy Drink Wednesday July 22nd at Quicken Loans Arena – featuring performances by Weezer, Panic at the Disco, Taking Back Sunday and more., Disgusting and hilarious. - Bill Squire, Seinfeld says kids today are too PC but a few minutes on XBOX Live would change his mind. - Bill Squire, This magician hides a card in a very uncomfortable place. - Bill Squire, Don't use this LASER to play with your cats. - Bill Squire, The Boise In Blue.--AC, Cheer on your Cleveland Cavaliers as they take on the Golden State Warriors tonight in NBA Finals Game 2. Coverage begins tonight at 7:30 PM on your FM home for Cavaliers basketball 100.7 WMMS. Win tickets to Game 3 or 4. #ALLinCLE, We're #ALLinCLE! Win tickets to see your Cleveland Cavaliers in the NBA Finals., Win tickets to see Five Finger Death Punch with Papa Roach and In This Moment Sunday, October 4th at Jacobs Pavilion at Nautica., These kids rock. - Bill Squire, Purchase presale tickets to see Chris Cornell Thursday, October 8th at Lakewood Civic Auditorium until 10 PM tonight., Purchase presale tickets to see Ace Frehley Saturday, September 19th to Hard Rock Rocksino Northfield Park until 10 PM tonight., Go Cavs!, We just played this weird exercise video on The Alan Cox Show. It's ridiculous. - Bill Squire, This joke from "Married With Children" is more relevant now than it was when the show was on the air. - Bill Squire, This kid swallows a ghost pepper and learns a valuable lesson. DON'T SWALLOW GHOST PEPPERS! - Bill Squire, Just awful. - Bill Squire, I like her stripped down style. - Bill Squire, Duff McKagen and Sebastian Bach cover G N' R Patience!, This weatherman is a boob man. - Bill Squire, GO CAVS! We're #ALLinCLE as your Cleveland Cavaliers take on the Golden State Warriors in the NBA Finals. Register now for your chance to win tickets to Game 3 or 4 at Quicken Loans Arena. Register once per day for more chances to win., Win a 2015 Kia Forte Koup EX courtesy of Mentor Kia or one of two cash prizes in the 2015 Coats for Kids Cleveland Car Raffle. Purchase tickets Wednesday, June 3rd from 3 to 6 PM at Discount Drug Mart in Independence., Any ladies want to take the challenge? - Bill Squire, Meet Caitlyn Jenner! At least she didn't spell it with a K!, This young comedian gets the golden buzzer on America's Got Talent. - Bill Squire, Brand new Pop Evil will make your day so much better!, Shia LeBeouf gave a really intense motivational speech and the Internet is having a lot of fun with it. - Bill Squire, Win Cleveland Cavaliers NBA Finals Tickets. Register once per day for more chances to win. #ALLinCLE, Win a 2015 Kia Forte Koup EX courtesy of Mentor Kia or one of two cash prizes in the 2015 Coats for Kids Cleveland Car Raffle. Get details and purchase tickets now., The hottest dj in the world. - Bill Squire, null, Mega dildos! - Bill Squire, A modern classic. - Bill Squire, This guy is probably single now. - Bill Squire, RoverFest 2015 is officially on sale! Get your tickets now, plus check out this year's RoverFest t-shirt., Just wait until they cover it with synthetic fur & skin! Nightmare food.--AC, Chris Pratt makes acting look easy. - Bill Squire, Coming up at 5:50 on The Alan Cox Show, Jim Breuer talks about his new comedy special 'Comic Frenzy' on EPIX. Listen live now! http://www.wmms.com/listen, Donkey feet!--AC, This mashup of Single Ladies and the Ducktales theme is perfect. - Bill Squire, Hope they got their VHS collection to the second floor.--AC, This is dumb but he is very good. - Bill Squire, Still a few bugs to work out before it goes to market. - Bill Squire, I like the way she moves. - Bill Squire, Amy Schumer makes a hilarious argument on behalf of Bill Cosby. - Bill Squire, Big Hair Wednesday banjo style!, Where are the fat kids when you need them? - Bill Squire, This is thrilling. - Bill Squire, Half a dozen people wanted us to make some more of these so we did. Sorry. - Bill Squire, This guy is really good at making it look like he's kind of clumsy. - Bill Squire, GO CAVS! Win Cleveland Cavaliers Eastern Conference Finals Playoff Tickets. #ALLinCLE, Mayor Frank Jackson is speaking right now about the Brelo verdict. Hear it live on our sister station Newsradio WTAM 1100. http://www.wtam.com/listen, More on the Brelo verdict. Live team coverage continues on our sister station Newsradio WTAM 1100. Listen live here: http://www.wtam.com/listen, Cleveland police officer Michael Brelo found not guilty on all counts.  Listen to live team coverage of the verdict on our sister station Newsradio WTAM 1100. http://www.wtam.com/listen, The verdict in the manslaughter trial of Cleveland police officer Michael Brelo expected today at 10 am. Listen to live team coverage on our sister station Newsradio WTAM 1100! http://www.wtam.com/listen, GO CAVS! We're #ALLinCLE as the Cleveland Cavaliers take on the Atlanta Hawks in Eastern Conference Finals. Register now for your chance to win tickets to Game #4 on Tuesday, May 26 at Quicken Loans Arena. Register once per day for more chances to win., Happy Rednoseday! Don't forget to donate & tune-in TONIGHT at 8 pm on NBC! rednosedayusa.com  #RedNose, This guy drinks, snorts, and eats powdered alcohol. Seems like a terrible way to get drunk. - Bill Squire, One last top ten. - Bill Squire, Purchase presale tickets to see Five Finger Death Punch, Papa Roach and In This Moment October 4th at Jacobs Pavilion at Nautica until 10pm tonight., Comedian Bill Bellamy joined Rover's Morning Glory this morning! You can see him all weekend at Hilarities!, GO CAVS! We're #ALLinCLE as the Cleveland Cavaliers take on the Atlanta Hawks in Eastern Conference Finals. Register now for your chance to win tickets to Game #3 on Sunday, May 24th at Quicken Loans Arena. Register once per day for more chances to win., Listen to The Alan Cox Show right now. It's gonna be...radio. - Bill Squire

http://wmms.com/listen, Bill Murray had a little too much wine after his final appearance on Letterman. - Bill Squire, This girl wakes up from surgery with pain in a very uncomfortable place. - Bill Squire, Purchase presale tickets now - May 21st at 10pm to see Chevelle on July 24th at House of Blues Cleveland., We’re excited to be a part of Red Nose Day USA coming May 21 to NBC! #RedNose, Big game. Bigger breasts. - Bill Squire, I'd love to spend a day blowing crap up with Arnold. - Bill Squire, We've all seen one or more of these people who should not give wedding toasts!, Win a pair of ticket to see the Cleveland Cavaliers play the Atlanta Hawks in Eastern Conference Finals Game #3 on Sunday, May 24th at Quicken Loans Arena. Register once per day for more chances to win.  #ALLinCLE, When the Michael Brelo verdict is read, you can hear it live on our sister station Newsradio WTAM 1100. Brelo is the Cleveland police officer who is charged with two counts of manslaughter in the November 2012 police chase that resulted in two deaths. After the verdict, stay tuned to WTAM for continuing coverage of what happens next. Sign up to receive news text alerts from the WTAM newsroom, text “news” to short code 21095. Listen to WTAM live: http://www.wtam.com/listen, Here's the Louis CK monologue that has people freaking out. I thought it was hilarious. - Bill Squire, This makes me feel so fancy. - Bill Squire, Register to win a 4 pack of tickets and qualify to be a guest rib judge with Charley from Rover's Morning Glory and Bill from The Alan Cox Show on Saturday!, The Edge of U2 takes a tumble. - Bill Squire, This is a hilarious prank that had just the right amount of embarrassment. It could have been much worse. - Bill Squire, Bill Cosby does a horrendous job of answering this question. - Bill Squire, We've got Kevin Nealon coming up next on Rover's Morning Glory! Listen in WMMS.com/listen, This cat LOVES ice cream. - Bill Squire, This song was funny and touching. - Bill Squire, Brazil has figured out the perfect game show. - Bill Squire, It's like hockey with out all the ice and pads. - Bill Squire, He's sassy as hell. Makes me miss Poundcake. - Bill Squire, This guys job is to spray hot chicks with champagne. - Bill Squire, Register for your chance to win playoff prizing from Pepsi!, I love all of Japan's f-ed up game shows. - Bill Squire, This old lady blows hard. - Bill Squire, It's all in the hips., Love this cover of Green Day's Basket Case!, Slow motion boobs are fun. - Bill Squire, null, Register for your chance to win a pair of tickets to Cedar Point Brew and BBQ!, It’s GO TIME! Game 4 Cleveland Cavaliers and Bulls today! Will Burge is live from the Cavs Watch Party at The Q at Noon followed by the Cavs Tip off show with Mike Snyder at 3 and the game starts at 3:30! Hear it all here on your FM Home for Cavaliers Basketball 100.7 WMMS. #ALLinCLE, Game 3 Cleveland Cavaliers and Bulls tonight LET’S GO! Nick Camino is live from the Cavs Watch Party at The Q at 6 followed by the Cavs Tip off show with Mike Snyder at 7:30 and the game starts at 8! Hear it all here on your FM Home for Cavaliers Basketball 100.7 WMMS. #ALLinCLE, Cleveland Indians pitcher Scott Atchison is the guest DJ on the Tribe Double Play coming up today at NOON! Listen live here: http://www.wmms.com/listen, Win a Live Nation Cleveland National Concert Day Prize Pack including tickets to see Whitesnake/David Coverdale, 311, Incubus and Van Halen., Register for your chance to win a pair of tickets to Cedar Point Brew and BBQ!, This sketch isn't offensive it's just poorly done and if anyone knows anything about poorly made sketches it's The Alan Cox Show. - Bill Squire, I don't understand why our website keeps grabbing this pic for our videos but I'm not complaining. Anyway this video of a baby trying to get to a boob through a bra is a terrific visual metaphor. - Bill Squire, Guy records Enter Sandman playing, singing and performing the video backwards! Here is the result when reversed!, I'd let her wash my car. - Bill Squire, I love this new sketch form Inside Amy Schumer. - Bill Squire, I love the reaction from the announcer. - Bill Squire, Register for your chance to win tickets to 4 separate concerts in honor of National Concert Day: Whitesnake/David Coverdale, 311, Incubus  and Van Halen., I HATE THIS THING! Burn it with fire. - Bill Squire, Some of these are PAINFUL! - Bill Squire, Thanks to Roxy the rescued pitbull, autistic boy hugs and kisses mom for first time! Love this story!, This is pretty crazy. It gets real weird when he starts singing. - Bill Squire, The fight wasn't that great but this is. - Bill Squire, I had to take someone's phone AGAIN! - Bill Squire, Check out the intro video from this years comedy tour. - Bill Squire, Metallica's James and Kirk rock our National Anthem!, The guy that played Tyreese on the Walking Dead goes on a rant on the subway. - Bill Squire, Hey Cavs Fans, are you #ALLinCLE? Show your Playoff Pride for a shot to win Cleveland Cavaliers Playoff tickets., Register to win a pair of tickets to see Social Distortion with Nikki Lane and Drag the River  on Sunday, August 16th at House of Blues Cleveland!

RTW: http://www.wmms.com/contests/win-social-distortion-tickets/374121, What's coming out of me! Must scare it away!, The Alan Cox Show is broadcasting LIVE from the House of Blues Cleveland NOW! Listen live: http://www.wmms.com/listen

And don't forget the ACS Comedy Tour kicks off TONIGHT! Doors open at 6 pm. Show starts at 7:30 pm. Tickets are still available! Info here: http://www.wmms.com/pages/content/acs-comedy-tour/2015/, Family Guy trolls Adrian Peterson! His agent wants the vikings to show him the money!, I have a hunch that the Browns will draft this old man with the 12th overall pick. - Bill Squire, Hawkeye can do some cool things too...not cool enough to get his own movie of course. - Bill Squire, Amy Schumer is funny. - Bill Squire, Hey Cavs Fans, are you #ALLinCLE? Show your Playoff Pride for a shot to win Cleveland Cavaliers Playoff tickets., Market at the Food Bank is coming up on May 3 from 5p.m. to 8p.m. It will be an evening of fine food and drink accompanied by fun entertainment – with all proceeds benefiting the #HarvestForHunger campaign. 
Buy Tickets: http://bit.ly/1Gf8BTS, This is insane. - Bill Squire, I want to try this. - Bill Squire, In honor of #BigHairWedensday check out these news bloopers from the 80's and 90's!, Coming up next on Rover's Morning Glory: Rover debates the use of body cams by police with the president of the Cleveland Police Union! Listen live: http://www.wmms.com/listen, Steve'n'Seagulls cover of Seek and Destroy! Love these guys!, Kevin Love is out 4-6 weeks. Baltimore is burning to the ground. Nepal was destroyed by an earthquake. This dog is a nice break. - Bill Squire, Jockey shoots for the moon during race!, Tragic and heartbreaking sights from the aftermath of the earthquake in Nepal. - Bill Squire, Andrew W.K stopped by Rover's Morning Glory and told Rover he hasn't washed his hair in 3 months!! Hair looks pretty good for being so dirty! 

Check him out at the Grog Shop tonight!, I hope Luther isn't leaving after Obama is all done. - Bill Squire, Rover's Morning Glory On Demand: Kylie Jenner challenge, cooking laptop prank, more. Listen now! 

http://www.iheart.com/show/139-Rovers-Morning-Glory/?episode_id=27221146, I'm too dumb to even comprehend this.--AC, Great marketing by the Brew Garden. - Bill Squire, Baron the dog has been "potty trained" Impressive!, People speculated that Lindsey Pelas has fake boobs. She posted this video to prove those people wrong. That'll show em. - Bill Squire, Firefighters rescue dog from underground pipe! Dog unscathed! Well done!, That's what you get for playing Journey. - Bill Squire, Rover's Morning Glory On Demand: Wayans Brothers, Jeffrey's bad mood, more. Listen now!, Thanks to Shawn and Marlon Wayans for stopping by Rover's Morning Glory ! Catch them at the Cleveland Improv this weekend!, Turn on Rover's Morning Glory now! Shawn Wayans and Marlon Wayans are LIVE IN STUDIO! Listen live here: http://www.wmms.com/listen, The Cleveland Cavaliers are in Boston tonight with a 2-0 lead against the Celtics. Hear LeBron and the boys go up 3-0 starting at 6:30 tonight on your FM Home For Cavaliers Basketball 100.7 WMMS #ALLinCLE, China has great funerals. - Bill Squire, This poor girl pees her pants on live TV. - Bill Squire, Eagles coach Chip Kelley's leaked quarterback call sheet!, Amanda Berry and Gina DeJesus tell their story to ABC's Robin Roberts!, Finally! A way to waste water!--AC, Purchase presale tickets to see Social Distortion August 16th at House of Blues Cleveland until 10pm tonight!, All the ganders in Mentor should be on their guard.-AC, Purchase presale tickets to see Incubus July 12th at Jacobs Pavilion at Nautica until 10pm tonight!, Looks like we will have another black president. - Bill Squire, Robert Downey Jr. walks out of this interview around the 6 min mark. - Bill Squire, Girl born with no feet gets puppy born with no paw. Great story!, Happy Earth Day from a legend. - Bill Squire, OUCH! - Bill Squire, Quicken Loans Arena is gonna be rockin’ tonight as LeBron and the Cleveland Cavaliers look to go up 2-0 in Round 1 tonight against the Boston Celtics. Coverage starts at 6pm on your FM Home for Cavaliers Basketball 100.7 WMMS., SPIDERS! KILL EM ALL WITH FIRE! - Bill Squire, Boston globe columnist rips Cleveland!  Says town is dead on weekends amongst other things! Seriously?, We got some new submissions and they are nice. - Bill Squire, She should lay off the dipping sauce. - Bill Squire, Ultimate social experiment! Girl asks 100 guys for sex!, This is a tremendous tutorial on how to properly put on a sweater. - Bill Squire, I had fun with this dumb contest. - Bill Squire, I'm sure you've seen this already but here it is in HD. - Bill Squire, Come win some Cavs Playoff tickets!, Chris Pratt is a charming fellow. I also like watching dinosaurs eat people. - Bill Squire, Can "Skyfeld" be far behind?--AC, Where DID I get that jacket?--AC, I say they should keep this in Cleveland every year.--AC, Purchase presale tickets to see Sublime With Rome July 28th at Jacobs Pavilion at Nautica until 10pm tomorrow., That's coming out of the gorilla's pay check. - Bill Squire, This kid asks his girl to prom and it doesn't go they way he intended. - Bill Squire, Time is ticking! 3 more chances left to register for your chance to win tickets to EVERY home Cleveland Cavaliers playoff game! Register EVERY HOUR now through 4 pm!, Today is "Rowdy" Roddy Piper's birthday! Always loved this line from the flick "They Live"!, Wiper blade down!--AC, Register EVERY HOUR now through 4 pm for the chance to win tickets to EVERY home Cleveland Cavaliers playoff game at Quicken Loans Arena this season! Good luck!, Sunday, April 19th is iHeart the Amusement Park Deal Day at the I-X Indoor Amusement Park. Print this coupon to save $5.00 on admission., EVERY HOUR you can register for your chance to win tickets to EVERY home Cleveland Cavaliers playoff game at Quicken Loans Arena!

Register EVERY HOUR now through Friday at 4 pm!, NERD ALERT!!! The new Star Wars trailer is so damn good. - Bill Squire, Join us tonight from 5 to 7pm at Johnny J's Pub & Grille to purchase The Alan Cox Show Comedy Tour Tickets!, Give the guy his cell phone back. - Bill Squire, Registration for the Cavs Post Season Pass contest is officially open! You can register EVERY HOUR now through Friday at 4 pm for the chance to win tickets to EVERY home Cavaliers playoff game at Quicken Loans Arena this season! Good luck!, Final game of the regular season tonight before the Cleveland Cavaliers go into the playoffs! Coverage from Quicken Loans Arena starts tonight at 7:30 on your FM Home of Cavs Hoops 100.7 WMMS., Pssst! Starting tonight at MIDNIGHT at wmms.com, you can register EVERY hour for the chance to win a pair of tickets to EVERY home Cavaliers playoff game at Quicken Loans Arena! You'll only have 40 hours to enter. Registration closes Friday 4/17 at 4pm. See you tonight at midnight!, This is hilarious. - Bill Squire, Magic mop!, This should make your hump day a little more humpy. - Bill Squire, This should be Ford's new safety ad.--AC, Guy's impressive version of AC/DC Thunderstruck done finger style on acoustic guitar!, He got reeeaaallly close to those 72 virgins.--AC, Is this a beginner tribute band with a huge budget? Please?
Thoughts? Advice on ways to cope?
 - Corey, Get your tickets to The The Alan Cox Show Comedy Tour at House of Blues Cleveland., Check out the Avengers playing the feud. - Bill Squire, German Shepherd's reaction to seeing his shadow!, A premature celebration will get you every time!, This is chilling video of a man calmly confessing to murdering his child molester cellmate. - Bill Squire, Check out Stone Sour's cover of Metallica's "Creeping Death" for their National Record Store Day EP release!, Dennis Quaid freaks out on set and comes up with the my new favorite insult. - Bill Squire, How to properly pass a beer. - Bill Squire, Only two games left before the playoffs and both are home at the Q! Tonight the Cavs take on the Detroit Pistons starting at 6:30pm on your FM Home for Cavs Basketball 100.7 WMMS!, Get your tickets! - Bill Squire, Ant-man looks good. - Bill Squire, Chimp vs. Drone!, I can tell she's lying. She banged them all. - Bill Squire, Win a pair of tickets to see Jane's Addiction Thursday, May 21st at The House of Blues!, Register for your chance to win a pair of tickets to the SOLD OUT 2015 @Rock Rock and Roll Hall of Fame + Museum's 30th Annual Induction Ceremony at Cleveland’s historic Public Hall on Saturday, April 18th!, Your Central Division champion Cleveland Cavaliers are back home tonight at Quicken Loans Arena. Listen starting at 7 PM as they battle the Celtics on Your FM Home for Cavs Hoops 100.7 WMMS., Win a pair of tickets to see Jane's Addiction Thursday May 21st at The House of Blues!, Crazy koala fight!, K everybody! Time to play a little game we call 'Guess The Tramp Stamp!' Hit the link to go through the gallery and see if you can match the ink with the celebrity. How many did you guess correctly?, 3 sisters rock Metallica!, Chick cant handle her encounter with a manatee!, It's quick, but it'll still kill your lunch.--AC, Purchase presale tickets to see CAKE Friday, July 4th at Jacobs Pavilion at Nautica until 10pm tonight., Purchase presale tickets to see Jane's Addiction Thursday, May 21st at House of Blues Cleveland until 10pm tonight., Girls and guns. Enjoy. - Bill Squire, I love the voice over. - Bill Squire, Get your tickets to The Alan Cox Show Comedy Tour at House of Blues Cleveland! - Bill Squire, Check out this remix of this viral video. It's catchy as f. - Bill Squire, Win tickets to the Cleveland Cavaliers Annual Fan Appreciation Night Wednesday, April 15th vs the Washington Wizards at Quicken Loans Arena., Purchase presale tickets to see Steel Panther  Saturday, May 23rd at the 24th Annual Marc's Great American Rib Cook Off and Music Festival until 10pm tonight., I like when they wiggle. - Bill Squire, John Calipari's leaked texts after Kentucky loss!, Good old fashioned parenting. - Bill Squire, Kids are dumb. - Bill Squire, This guy couldn't have given a worse answer. - Bill Squire, Win tickets to see your Cleveland Cavaliers take on the Detroit Pistons Monday, April 13th at Quicken Loans Arena., Win tickets to the Cleveland Cavaliers Annual Fan Appreciation Night Wednesday, April 15th vs the Washington Wizards at Quicken Loans Arena., Win tickets to the I-X Indoor Amusement Park March 27th through April 19th at the I-X Center., Snippet of Justin Bieber's Ozzy performance on Lip Sync battle. I gotta admit he's got the crazy Ozzy eyes down!, Just telling people you didn't do anything to the coffee can be an extremely effective prank. - Bill Squire, All weekend long we're hooking you up to check out Van Halen at Blossom on Monday August 3! - Corey Rotic, The Miami Heat suck! So listen to the Cleveland Cavaliers beat up on them tonight starting at 7:30 PM on your FM Home For Cavs Basketball 100.7 WMMS., Rover hosts iHeartRadio LIVE with Three Days Grace NOW! Watch it live here: http://www.wmms.com/features/iheartradio-live-9/, LIVE TONIGHT AT 7 PM! Rover hosts a special iHeartRadio LIVE performance from Three Days Grace, live from the iHeartRadio Theater in New York!  Watch it Live: http://www.wmms.com/features/iheartradio-live-9/, Love the reaction to this models mess up. - Bill Squire, We are getting to the Deadpool we deserve. - Bill Squire, Ever wonder what would happen if you took a diet coke bath in a mentos bikini? - Bill Squire, Vince Neil performs the National Anthem! Is it me or does it look like the cheerleaders are trying not to laugh!, Purchase presale tickets to see Slightly Stoopid, Dirty Heads and The Expendables on September 5th at Jacobs Pavilion at Nautica until 10pm tonight., There's no way this could end poorly. - Bill Squire, BMW turns the tables on April Fools Day. - Bill Squire, This teacher is nuts. - Bill Squire, Win tickets to see your Cleveland Cavaliers take on the Detroit Pistons Monday, April 13th at Quicken Loans Arena., The remake of Mad Max looks insane. - Bill Squire, I'd go see this in a heartbeat. - Bill Squire, Not the kind of off-roading you want to do.--AC, Metallica Enter Sandman Banjo Cover!, Check out some of the jokes from the Roast of Justin Bieber. - Bill Squire, West Salem OH man stops thieves! He's taking back America!, Kid plays Ozzy, Lady Ga Ga and more on instrument he mad out of PVC pipe!, This woman is scary! (NSFW), The batteries are dead in my Airsof gun, uh oh! (NSFW), This lil' dummy shoots his computer screen. Way to go buddy! - Bill Squire, Bio chemical warfare at it's most base level. - Bill Squire, All this week, tune into The Alan Cox Show for your chance to win a pair of tickets for the SOLD OUT Tangier show Saturday May 2nd courtesy of our friends Jakprints!, Cleveland Indians read mean tweets! Love this!, Did Jamie Foxx go too far? I didn't think so. - Bill Squire, Did think she think we wouldn't know? - Bill Squire, Post-hater, pre-nater.--AC, Our playoff bound Cleveland Cavaliers are back at Quicken Loans Arena for a three game home stand. Today they take on the 76ers starting at 4 PM on your FM Home For Cavaliers Basketball 100.7 WMMS., Jamie Foxx hosts the 2015 iHeartRadio Music Awards, live from the Shrine Auditorium in Los Angeles Sunday, March 29th at 8/7c on NBC WKYC Channel 3 - Cleveland. #iHeartAwards, Nate Ruess, Snoop Dogg, Florida-Georgia Line, and more are scheduled to perform at the 2015 iHeartRadio Music Awards, live from the Shrine Auditorium in Los Angeles Sunday, March 29th at 8/7c on NBC WKYC Channel 3 - Cleveland. #iHeartAwards, The Cleveland Cavaliers are on fire! Tonight they finish this road trip in Brooklyn. Hear LeBron and the boys take on the Nets starting at 7 PM on your FM Home For Cavaliers Basketball 100.7 WMMS., Who will win the iHeartRadio Music Renegade Award sponsored by Jeep: Hozier, Brantley Gilbert, Iggy Azalea, Charli XCX, or Meghan Trainorr? Watch the 2015 iHeartRadio Music Awards live from the Shrine Auditorium in Los Angeles Sunday, March 29th at 8/7c on NBC WKYC Channel 3 - Cleveland to find out. #iHeartAwards, We are doing a power hour today and we are trying to sell out the House of Blues Cleveland by 4 pm. Get your tickets then share this post!, BAD puns?? I think not!--AC, 2 DAYS AWAY! The iHeartRadio Music Awards are so close, we can barely contain our excitement! Here are 10 reasons why you need to be tuned in, Sunday night at 8/7c to NBC!, Get your tickets for The Alan Cox Show Comedy Tour!

http://www.wmms.com/pages/content/acs-comedy-tour/2015/, null, A future father of the year. - Bill Squire, #TBT Young Taylor Swift looks like Sebastian Bach! Check out these iHeartRadio Music Awards nominees before they were stars!  - Erika Lauren, A hot woman and a hot microphone lead to this embarrassing moment. - Bill Squire, The iHeartRadio Music Awards will honor Justin Timberlake with its most prestigious award of the evening, the 2015 iHeartRadio Innovator Award, live from the Shrine Auditorium in Los Angeles Sunday, March 29th at 8/7c on NBC WKYC Channel 3 - Cleveland. #iHeartAwards, Singing into a fan is the original auto-tune. - Bill Squire, Purchase presale tickets to see 311 Wednesday, July 15th at Hard Rock Rocksino Northfield Park until 10pm tonight., The Cleveland Cavaliers road trip continues tonight in Memphis as they battle the Grizzlies. Listen at 7:30 PM on your FM Home of Cavs Hoops 100.7 WMMS., How to handle a computer phone scammer!, How to deliver pizza to the Pope!, Dog left in SUV will have none of it!, Rock had an amazing year! Foo Fighters dropped an amazing album while Hozier exploded on the scene. 

Who will take home the award? You gotta watch Sunday night at 8/7c on NBC! Who are you rooting for?, Tribe on cover of SI MLB Preview Issue! Picked to win it all! Go Tribe!, Getting blown off or broken up with sucks the hardest when it's in a text message. -  Bill Squire  


http://www.wmms.com/onair/the-alan-cox-show-50360/brutal-break-up-texts-13434347/, This probably took a very long time to make and it's worth it. - Bill Squire 


http://www.wmms.com/onair/the-alan-cox-show-50360/youll-never-be-sad-again-after-13434365/, Needing new music this Monday? 

We are so excited to have the highly anticipated single from Muse! Check out "Dead Inside" NOW!  

Who else is dying to see these guys live?, You're gonna want to watch this. - Bill Squire, I would like to see the video of him gnawing his hand off to get his hand free. - Bill Squire, "If you try to avenge The Avengers then be ready to be avenged."  - The Avengers, Whether you're observing lent or just looking for some delicious fish and pierogi, we'll help you find a Fish Fry in your neighborhood., Bill Murray has some nice gams. - Bill Squire, The fart heard round the world. - Bill Squire, Secret agent parrot!, Piranhas don't f around. - Bill Squire, Guy catches fish and gets ambushed!, This dude calls C-SPAN as the fresh prince and it's awesome. - Bill Squire, Check out the bar crawl recap! - Bill Squire, This dude made a killer song out of sounds on a flight. - Bill Squire, They are very lucky this wasn't worse. - Bill Squire, Foo Fighters are on stage at our iHeartRadio Theater in LA! You won't want to miss this! WATCH LIVE NOW!, What would these stars look like if they were normal people? Sorry, but it just never stops being funny!, Don't be this guy tomorrow. - Bill Squire, Another insightful and hilarious report from John Oliver. - Bill Squire, Mike Tyson posted an hour long video of all his knockouts and has asked for people to choose the best ten. - Bill Squire, With the NCAA tournament tip off just around the corner, here's 21 things you didn't know about March Madness! And not to put a damper on things, but your chances of getting mauled by a shark are way higher than your chances of filling out the perfect bracket. Just saying..., The Cleveland Cavaliers try to end the weekend with another W! Starting at 5:30pm LeBron and the boys take on Orlando Magic. Catch the action on your FM home for Cavaliers basketball 100.7 WMMS., Register to win a pair of Bunbury Festival tickets!, Win a pair of tickets to the 49th Annual Summit Racing Equipment I-X Piston Powered Auto-Rama Presented by Rad Air Complete Car Care March 20th, 21st, and 22nd at the I-X Center., Register to win a pair of tickets to Bunbury Festival tickets!, Taintsmasher stopped by The Alan Cox Show to suck Helium with us and of course we played Fap God. If you've never heard it check it out. - Bill Squire, Metallica covered on a bandura and accordion!, Proof every pop song is the same!, Kyrie was on another level last night as he lead the Cavs to an overtime victory against the Spurs. - Bill Squire, LeBron and the Cleveland Cavaliers go for 3 wins in a row! Tonight they’re in San Antonio to battle the San Antonio Spurs. Coverage starts at 9pm on your FM home for Cavaliers basketball 100.7 WMMS., Check out this disturbing video of a bunch of teenage girls fighting. - Bill Squire, I shall not steal! I'll just have my kids do it! What a mom!, Balloons and sparkler on a birthday cake are a blast!, Why you should always keep your head in the game, especially when you have great seats! Ouch!, Haunting trailer for the new Kurt Cobain documentary 'Montage of Heck' will give you chills!, Purchase presale tickets Now-10pm tonight to see Kenny Wayne Shepherd + Jonny Lang at Hard Rock Rocksino Northfield Park on June 23rd!, I'm pretty sure that cop is Shane from The Walking Dead. - Bill Squire, Remember the girl that got kicked out of school for making a sex tape in her college's library? Me too. - Bill Squire, Remember the show "Dinosaurs"? Remember Biggie Smalls? Well if you do then this will probably make you laugh your ass off. - Bill Squire, This is an interesting video that breaks down how anger drives the internet. - Bill Squire, Can't wait for this show. - Bill Squire, LeBron and the Cleveland Cavaliers start a 4 game road trip tonight in Dallas. They take on the Dallas Mavericks starting at 8pm right here on your FM home for Cavaliers Basketball 100.7 WMMS, Girl feeding buffalo gets more than she bargained for!, Bill Burr is the best. - Bill Squire, Bikers save dog on highway! Good job guys!, Her back is going to hurt. - Bill Squire, Psssst! The Online Auction is baaaack now through this Friday at 8pm! Save up to 75% off hundreds of items like home improvement, garden and landscaping, vacation packages, day care, fitness, tanning, restaurants and more! Bid now!, Win tickets to see your Cleveland Cavaliers take on the Indiana Pacers Friday, March 20th at Quicken Loans Arena where it's #HarvestForHunger Food Drive Night., Here's security footage of the Chuck E Cheese fight in Parma. - Bill Squire, She's almost 8 months pregnant and you can barely tell. - Bill Squire, No one parties like Thor. - Bill Squire, Here's the bus fight video we are talking about on the show. - Bill Squire, we need ourselves a little Mary Poppins death metal today!, St. Patrick's Day Bar Crawl is going to be crazy fun! - Bill Squire, Their timing isn't perfect but no one seems to mind. - Bill Squire, TMZ posted the video of Suge Knight running a guy over. - Bill Squire, The Cleveland Cavaliers are home! Tonight they take on the struggling Phoenix Suns. Coverage starts at 7pm so listen! 100.7 WMMS  the FM Home for Cavs Basketball, See you on St. Patrick's Day! - Bill Squire, Huge CAVS Game Tonight! LeBron and the boys battle the team with the best record in the NBA the Atlanta Hawks. Coverage starts at 7pm so listen! 100.7 WMMS your FM Home for Cavs basketball, Buckeyes National Championship highlight video! O-H-I-O!, Hockey player Duncan Keith makes disabled fan's dream come true! My eyes are leaking!, You won't believe why this Alliance OH man called 911! (NSFW), The Cleveland Auto Show presented by AutoTrader.com starts tomorrow and runs through Sunday, March 15th at the I-X Center. Tickets are available at the I-X Center box office with free parking compliments of your New Motor Vehicle Dealer., This 15 year old girl has some skills. - Bill Squire, If you ride a Predator bike, you need a Predator suit!, This makes me so Happy. - Bill Squire, German Knight Rider fan turns car into "Kitt" This guy seems slightly more badass than David Hasselhof!, I'm sure lots of people have similar experiences. - Bill Squire 


http://www.wmms.com/onair/the-alan-cox-show-50360/sean-loses-his-virginity-nsfw-13376767/, Dog tries to get stick through gate! Poor fella!, Last night the Cleveland Cavaliers got back on the winning track and take that momentum to Toronto to battle the Raptors. Listen starting at 7pm on your FM Home of Cavs basketball 100.7 WMMS, Crap apple-aholic squirrel!, Lions can do what? Gives new meaning to meals on wheels!, I can not wait for this damn movie. - Bill Squire, This dog is gigantic but seems like a real sweetheart. - Bill Squire, This anchor has no idea how to respond to this slam. - Bill Squire, Tonight the Cleveland Cavaliers shake off a 2 game skid as they battle the Boston Celtics at The Q. Listen starting at 6:30pm on your FM Home of Cavs Hoops 100.7 WMMS, NEW BOOBS! - Bill Squire, Jon Stewart on RAW rules. - Bill Squire, Amazing feat by very flexible chick!, Chewy the dog wants to help girl with her handstand! Poor Chewy!, This guy memorizes a rubik's cube then solves it while blind folded in under a minute. Where as I still haven't memorized my phone number. - Bill Squire, Guy puts Iphone inside of guitar and plays! Love this!
http://www.wmms.com/onair/maria-236/putting-an-iphone-in-a-guitar-13367610/, Naked man sneaks out of Buckingham palace! Mmm, royal scandal?, Here's the video of the guy having a seizure while skydiving. - Bill Squire 

http://www.wmms.com/onair/the-alan-cox-show-50360/skydiver-has-seizure-13353361/, These ads are genius. - Bill Squire, Car thief fail. Dumbass!
http://www.wmms.com/onair/maria-236/car-thief-fail-13353742/, Clean sustainable energy in the palm of your hand... - Bill Squire, Did SNL go to far in this ISIS sketch? A lot of people think they did. I thought it was funny. - Bill Squire, If you are reading this, YOU AREN'T VOTING ENOUGH! Make sure your favorite artists win big at our #iHeartAwards! Vote now!, Register for your chance to Hit the Court with WMMS and Pepsi in the Kyrie Irving Skills Challenge!, A homeless man was shot and killed by LAPD yesterday and it was all caught on video. - Bill Squire, This guy walks around with a fake Oscar and people give him free stuff. - Bill Squire, The Cleveland Cavaliers leave behind the snow and cold for warm and sunny Houston to battle the Houston Rockets. Coverage starts at 3pm on your FM Home for Cavaliers basketball 100.7 WMMS., Spend St. Patrick's Day with Rover's Morning Glory and The Alan Cox Show!, The Cavs are on fire!! Winners of 18 of their last 20 games! Listen tonight as they take on the Indiana Pacers. Coverage starts at 6:30 pm on your FM home for Cavs hoops, WMMS 100.7., Doctors tell it like it is on Jimmy Kimmel. - Bill Squire, Leonard Nimoy was so much more than Spock. - Bill Squire, RIP Mr. Spock! The legendary Star Trek actor, Leonard Nimoy,  has passed away from end-stage chronic obstructive pulmonary disease., Winners of 17 of their last 19 games, the red-hot Cavs are back home tonight to take on the Golden State Warriors!  Coverage starts at 7:30 pm on your FM home for Cavs hoops - WMMS 100.7., Butt stuff. - Bill Squire, Dad jokes are no laughing matter. - Bill Squire, FIGHT! FIGHT! FIGHT! FIGHT! - Bill Squire, I think this is a real commercial for a real product. - Bill Squire, Purchase presale tickets to see Whitesnake/David Coverdale Sunday, July 5th at Hard Rock Rocksino Northfield Park until 10 PM tonight., Best baby laugh ever. - Bill Squire, Register to win a pair of tickets to see the Cleveland Cavaliers take on the Phoenix Suns Saturday, March 7th at Quicken Loans Arena!, Warm and fuzzy cell phone holder!, Madonna takes a spill but handles it pretty well. - Bill Squire, UFC fighter Josh "The Dentist" Neer takes Facebook hater to task!, Dude must have a four-leaf clover up his ass.--AC, Winners of 16 of their last 18 games, the red-hot Cavs are in Detroit tonight to take on the Pistons! Coverage starts at 7 pm on your FM home for Cavs hoops - WMMS 100.7., The greatest invention ever. - Bill Squire, Here's the news anchor talking about relaxing her sphincter. - Bill Squire, Heir to the throne. - Bill Squire, Putting the "G" back into "OG". - Bill Squire, What do you think of the Browns new logo? - Bill Squire 

http://www.wmms.com/onair/the-alan-cox-show-50360/new-browns-logois-the-end-of-13282346/, I hope everyone likes the new Browns logo. - Bill Squire, This weather is for the bears! Red pandas that is! I want one!, Cedar Point just removed the ride where we learned to drive, the Turnpike cars. What is your favorite CP "Deceased Ride", i think this is hilarious and I believe her apology is sincere. - Bill Squire, Tune into The Alan Cox Show today for a chance to win a $1,000 American Express gift card courtesy of Gotham!, PLEASE STOP THE KNOT! - Bill Squire, Little kids play Led Zeppelin on xylophones! Caught Jimmy Page's attention!, Tune into The Alan Cox Show tomorrow for a chance to win a $1,000 American Express gift card courtesy of Gotham!, The Cavs are back in action this afternoon to take on the New York Knicks. Coverage starts at 12:30 pm on your FM home for Cavs hoops - 100.7 WMMS., Tune into The Alan Cox Show on 2/23 for a chance to win a $1,000 American Express gift card courtesy of Gotham!, The Cavs are back in action tonight to take on the Washington Wizards. Coverage starts at 7:30 on your FM home for Cavs hoops - 100.7 WMMS., Tune into The Alan Cox Show on Monday, February 23rd for a chance to call in and win a $1,000 American Express gift card courtesy of Gotham!, null, Now that is an efficient way to clear snow from your car. - Bill Squire, Yes! Listen to that! THUNDERSNOW! - Bill Squire, Pretty much everyone at iheartmedia wanted a picture with Lou Ferrigno. - Bill Squire, Kid films little girl being bullied by other kids! Despicable and disgusting!, This is a total Harlem Globetrotters move and I love it. - Bill Squire, In case you haven't noticed, it's cold as s... out there and it's only going to get colder! There's already a number of school closings for tomorrow! Get the latest list, continually updated here!, No one gets excited about weather like Jim Cantore. - Bill Squire, "All I Do is WIN!" Welcome to #WinningWednesday where we want to make you a winner! How does a trip to the iHeartRadio Music Awards sound? Find out how you can be in L.A. for the amazing show!, This old man has some pretty decent game. - Bill Squire, Remember Afroman? This girl will never forget him...if she isn't brain dead. - Bill Squire, Be the rock star you always wanted to be with your credit score! Our pals Experian sat down with FICO to talk $., What, no exploding arrows?--AC, Here's Alan trying to eat the butter and failing. - Bill Squire, Fox 5 News in San Diego accidentally uses a picture of President Barack Obama while doing a report on a rape suspect. - Bill Squire, This attachment makes bullets less lethal and could be a life saver. - Bill Squire, Jim Cantore "Thundersnow"! Happy birthday Jim!, Mike Polk Jr's "Kyle Shanahan's Exit Strategy"! Ha!, NEW MUSIC! Nothing beats some good fashioned Rock 'N Roll! Check out our friends The Temperance Movement and their new track 'Take It Back.', (ICYMI) She answered what on Family Feud?, Last night's SNL 40th Anniversary Special was mesmerizing! Here are some of my favorite moments! - Maria, Alan didn't eat his butter so Erika Lauren pours some ranch down his gullet. - Bill Squire, Check out the newest submissions to the CLE-vage gallery. - Bill Squire, NBA All Star weekend will bring back the iconic "Be Like Mike" commercial digitally remastered!, This dude is one step closer to the edge and he's about to break...the other guy's window. - Bill Squire, Join Chocolate Charlie at Marc's in Painesville today from Noon-2p.  Taste the NEW Mountain Dew Kickstart and spin the WMMS prize wheel for your chance to win preview movie passes to see "Hot Tub Time Machine 2"

http://www.wmms.com/calendar/february-13-2015/charlie-at-marcs-painesville-432881/#ixzz3RXatpZBu, Register to win $50 to Shari's Berries!, Tonight is the last game before the All Star Break so don’t miss it! The Cleveland Cavaliers are in Chicago to take on the Bulls. Coverage starts at 7:30pm on your FM Home for Cavs Basketball 100.7 WMMS., Amazing performance last night. - Bill Squire, This band starts playing the hit AC/DC song as a goof but then the crowd jumps in and starts singing. - Bill Squire, A bunch of old people watch virtual reality porn and their reactions are great. - Bill Squire, LeBron’s old team is in town tonight to take on the red hot Cleveland Cavaliers. Coverage of the Cavs and Heat starts at 7:30 on your FM home for Cavs hoops 100.7 WMMS., Shelby the shepherd sings along to Maroon 5 - Animals!, This is awesome. - Bill Squire, Dash cam footage of escaped Northfield Park horse. No one (including the horse) was hurt!, I'd like to see these skinny white lady deducted from the population. - Bill Squire, Killswitch Engage wins big on The Price Is Right. - Bill Squire, Check out this kick ass tribute to Quentin Tarantino. - Bill Squire, Guy's rant on Kanye West! (NSFW), Queen's Bohemian Rhapsody sung with lyrics put through Goggle Translate!, I for one welcome our new robotic goat overlords. - Bill Squire

http://www.wmms.com/onair/the-alan-cox-show-50360/a-preview-of-the-war-on-13239301/, I love a good action movie and this video points out the flaws of crappy action films. It is a little long but worth the watch. - Bill Squire, Sock puppets "Lintallica" parody Metallica Master of Puppets!, Twoobing? Nerpling? This needs its own word.--AC, Did he find that book at a garage sale or does he have a time machine? - Bill Squire, Check out this amusing update to this old Sears commercial. I love technology. - Bill Squire, LeBron and your Cleveland Cavaliers take on the LA Lakers today. Coverage starts at 3:00 PM on the FM home for Cavs Basketball 100.7 WMMS., ICYMI: Every 90's Commercial Ever 

http://www.wmms.com/onair/the-alan-cox-show-50360/every-90s-commercial-ever-13223844/, Win tickets to see your Cleveland Cavaliers take on the Miami Heat Wednesday, February 11th at Quicken Loans Arena., On Monday a couples young ladies in Richfield built a kick ass sledding hill. - Bill Squire 

http://www.wmms.com/onair/the-alan-cox-show-50360/a-couple-gals-make-a-kick-13230739/, What a waste of beer!, LeBron and your Cleveland Cavaliers take on the Indiana Pacers tonight. Coverage starts at 6:30 PM on the FM home for Cavs Basketball 100.7 WMMS., "Dash" the dog pulls off a Houdini act!, This is redneck ingenuity at it's finest. - Bill Squire, Just not granny's time!, Man f's with dogs! More Instant karma!, Do you have road rage? Well turn it into road revenge. - Bill Squire, Register now to win a trip for you and a guest to attend The Walking Dead premiere!, Super Bowl halftime show time lapse including set up, performance and tear down! Impressive!, Cockatoo imitates couple arguing! Poor bird!, What, no elderly dwarf woman?--AC, Mario Lopez is a vampire. - Bill Squire, BRAND NEW MUSIC: Our pals Incubus have a brand new track titled 'Absolution Calling,' that we know you'll be listening to all day!, Purchase presale tickets now until 5pm tonight to see RUSH at Nationwide Arena on June 8th., At least the mom is hot.--AC, For science. - Bill Squire, Mouse trap jenga, your move!, Jwoww got bigger boobs or a new bra. Boobs. - Bill Squire, This girl is not a gracious loser. - Bill Squire, Can Mike Polk run the Browns? This is hilarious., How to make "Drunken Oreos", Daredevil is coming to Netflix this spring. Check out the trailer for the gritty new series. - Bill Squire, Happened hours ago.--AC, Register for your chance to win a trip for you and a guest to attend a Better Call Saul party in New Mexico!, Browns next QB a Duck or a Seminole?, This dude's been hitting the heavy colostomy bag.--AC, Are you a basic bro? - Bill Squire, Remote control snow plow! I want one!, Instant karma for man who tries to kick dog!, Bruno Mars kills it in this live mas up. - Bill Squire, This Mayor is seriously reconsidering his life's work.-- @alancoxshow., Win tickets to see your Cleveland Cavaliers take on the Miami Heat Wednesday, February 11th at Quicken Loans Arena. Plus One (1) Grand Prize Winner will also receive an autographed Anderson Varejão blanket., The Jurassic World Super Bowl spot was bad ass. - Bill Squire, LeBron and your Cleveland Cavaliers have won 10 straight! Tonight they're back home at Quicken Loans Arena to take on the Philadelphia 76ers. Coverage starts at 6:30 on your FM Home for Cavs basketball 100.7 WMMS., Check out the recap of The Polar Blast Battle to see who won. Thank you to everyone that braved the cold and tubed with us. - Bill Squire, Most Buzzed About Commercials From Super Bowl XLIX! Which was your fav?, The list of school closings continues to grow! Get the latest list here!, The Cleveland Cavaliers are on the road tonight in Minnesota to battle the Minnesota Timberwolves. Coverage starts at 7:30 on your FM Home for Cavaliers basketball 100.7 WMMS, Register to win a pair of tickets to see Motley Crue with Alice Cooper at Quicken Loans Arena on August 18th!, The Cleveland Cavaliers are riding high on an 8 game win streak! They’re back home tonight to battle the Sacramento Kings at The Q. Coverage starts at 7pm on your FM Home for Cavaliers basketball 100.7 WMMS., More boobs from our lovely lady listeners. - Bill Squire, Lucky son of a bitch. - Bill Squire, Steven Tyler fesses up to deflating Tom Brady's balls!, New England and Seattle versions of AC/DC deflate gate parodies! Who wins?, Delivery driver caught on security cam behaving badly!, Even with my healthier life style and weight loss I still hate the gym. - Bill Squire, I doubt this song will top the charts anytime soon but the music video isn't all that bad. - Bill Squire, More dumbasses on Wheel of Fortune. - Bill Squire, Check out Charlotte McKinney's all natural patties. - Bill Squire, Purchase presale tickets now to see "Weird Al" Yankovic - The Mandatory World Tour on May 30th at Jacobs Pavilion at Nautica., Purchase presale tickets now to see Jason Bonham's Led Zeppelin Experience on May 17th at Hard Rock Rocksino Northfield Park., The Cleveland Cavaliers are riding high on a 7 game win streak! They’re back home tonight to battle the Portland Trail Blazers at The Q. Coverage starts at 6:30 on your FM Home for Cavs basketball 100.7 WMMS, This is awesome. - Bill Squire, This is unsettling. - Bill Squire, The Alan Cox Show Polar Blast Battle returns to Boston Mills/Brandywine Ski Resort this Friday at 8pm. Purchase tickets at the WMMS discounted price of $10.07 now!, An open micer was told not to swear at a comedy show then swears a bunch gets kicked off stage by the emcee then sucker punches the emcee. - Bill Squire, Budweiser "Big Game" "Lost Dog" commercial and the yanked Go Daddy commercial poking fun of it!
http://www.wmms.com/onair/maria-236/go-daddy-big-game-commercial-yanked-13196953/, The Cleveland Cavaliers take a 6 game winning streak to Detroit tonight to battle the Detroit Pistons. Coverage starts at 7pm on your FM Home for Cavs basketball WMMS., These commercials cost lots of money. Which ones do you like? - Bill Squire, Sleepwalking guy naps on police car!, 0 to 70 in an instant. I want one. - Bill Squire, Forget the flowers. Send balloons!--AC, Hockey dad gets p*ssed off!, Love Steve Harvey's reactions. - Bill Squire, I love this man. - Bill Squire, Student attacks teacher for taking his phone away! Teaching is a tough gig!, Register to win a pair of tickets to see Motley Crue with Alice Cooper on August 18th at Quicken Loans Arena., Tune in today to hear the Cleveland Cavaliers take on the Oaklahoma City Thunder. Coverage starts at 3:00 pm on your FM home for Cavs Basketball 100.7 WMMS., Win tickets to Jurassic Quest Saturday, January 31st and Sunday, February 1st at Summit County Fairgrounds., Register to win a pair of tickets to see Motley Crue  with Alice Cooper on August 18th at Quicken Loans Arena., We've all been this kid. - Bill Squire, Cleveland will be going GOLD this Sunday for our Cleveland Cavaliers! Root on the home squad and rock your gold gear. It’s a #CavsGoldOut!, Your Cleveland Cavaliers are back in action tonight to take on the Charlotte Hornets. Coverage starts at 7:00 pm on your FM home for Cavs Basketball 100.7 WMMS., This sketch is dark comedy at it's best. - Bill Squire, 12 Yr old singing playing AC/DC "You Shook Me All Night Long"! Worldwide push for him to open for the band in Glasgow!, This guy would make a great ally in the zombie apocalypse. - Bill Squire, Will Ferrell knocks a cheerleader the f*** out. - Bill Squire, These are always a tremendous way to waste some time. - Bill Squire, Win a 4 pack of tickets to the Progressive International Motorcycle Shows Friday, January 30th through Sunday, February 1st at the I-X Center., Purchase presale tickets now through 10pm tonight to see Slipknot with special guest Hatebreed on May 12th at Erie Insurance Arena in PA., Purchase presale tickets now through 10pm tonight to see Motley Crue with special guest Alice Cooper on August, 18th at Quicken Loans Arena., And here ya go - "All Bad Things", the very last new Motley Crue song, ever. Give it a listen and speak yer mind. You dig it? - Corey, Must get bone through door!, Register for your chance to win a pair of tickets to see your Cleveland Cavaliers take on the Sacramento Kings on Friday, January 30th at Quicken Loans Arena., Your Cleveland Cavaliers are back in action tonight to take on the Utah Jazz. Coverage starts at 6:30 pm on your FM home for Cavs Basketball 100.7 WMMS., Close call holy sh*t moment!, This girl is really good at not getting hit by balls. - Bill Squire, Incredible footage of volcano explosion!, The price of spontaneity. - Bill Squire, She's good at holding her breath. - Bill Squire, Dog finds playmate on line! Talk about puppy love!, SNL got a head start roasting Bieber. - Bill Squire, Girl falls out of car while twerking! Talk about a "dumbass"!, North Olmsted HS JR unbelievable poster dunk!, This is terrifying and could have been so much worse. - Bill Squire, Win a 4 pack of tickets to the Progressive International Motorcycle Shows Friday, January 30th through Sunday, February 1st at the I-X Center., LeBron and the Cleveland Cavaliers are back in Cleveland for a 4 game home stand at The Q. It all starts tonight against the Chicago Bulls. Coverage begins at 7pm on your FM Home for Cavs basketball 100.7 WMMS., Register now for a chance to be on Team Beary White and compete against Team Alan, Team Erika and Team Bill!, The Cleveland Cavaliers ended their losing streak last night and look to make it 2 in a row tonight against the Los Angeles Clippers. Coverage starts at 10pm on your FM Home for Cavs basketball 100.7 WMMS., Rover's Morning Glory On Demand: David Alan Grier, Bigfoot researcher & more., This dude. Holy sh!t. - Bill Squire 

http://www.wmms.com/onair/the-alan-cox-show-50360/bro-chugs-bottle-of-everclear-nsfw-13159137/, Tire flies over median and crashes into windshield! Talk about a ship your pants moment!, Du Hast milk? - Bill Squire, Win a pair of tickets to see your Cleveland Cavaliers take on the Portland Trail Blazers on Wednesday, January 28th at Quicken Loans Arena., Redneck margarita machine! They're going to need a lot of red solo cups!, LeBron and the Cavs look to end this losing streak tonight when they take on the LA Lakers. Coverage starts at 10:00 pm on your FM home for Cavaliers basketball 100.7 WMMS., Commercial for dogs for veterans. Many great organizations in CLE that train dogs to assist our veterans!, Ejected hockey player clotheslines himself! Ouch!, 14 hilariously dirty news headlines!, Shoulda just put a banana in a tailpipe.--AC, Avoid being any of these people today.--AC, I can't stop watching this.--AC, 2 Chainz and Nancy Grace talking bout pot. - Bill Squire, Some one used the wrong take for this Sirens promo. - Bill Squire, Quickest car wash ever! Yikes!, A little something for everyone. - Bill Squire, Ultimate Crossfit Fails Compilation!, The Cavs are in the middle of a 5 game West Coast road trip and tonight they’re in Phoenix to take on the Suns.  LeBron’s return to the floor will be a game time decision! Find out if he's good to go when coverage starts at 8:30 pm on your FM home for Cavaliers basketball 100.7 WMMS., Win a pair of tickets to see your Cleveland Cavaliers take on the Portland Trail Blazers on Wednesday, January 28th at Quicken Loans Arena., Just a horse farting. - Bill Squire, Taking the dogs out for a spin! The end is the best., Wedgie from hell for this fence jumpers. - Bill Squire, Baby playing with real handgun! Horrifying!, What's the meanest thing you've ever tweeted to an athlete? - Bill Squire, Guys busted trying to sell "Coke"!, Let's all celebrate Ohio State's historic victory by watching the new Avengers trailer. - Bill Squire, The votes have been counted! See who YOU voted to be named #ClevelandsBest 14 of 2014! Congrats to all of the winners!, Dog appears to materialize out of nowhere!, This articulate southern bell will steal your heart. Just kidding, she's as white trash as they get. - Bill Squire, Foo Fighters, Tenacious D & Slash play Immigrant Song at Dave Grohl's birthday club show!, O-H-I-O! a couple of things to get you pumped up for tonights National Championship Game! Go Bucks!, Hannah Storm shoves away makeup artist on live TV! The "look" says it all!, Westboro Baptist Church tolled and chased out of protest at Trailblazers game!, Game two of the five game West Coast trip takes the Cavs to Sacramento to  take on the Kings. Coverage starts at 8:30 pm on your FM home for Cavaliers basketball 100.7 WMMS., Love this simple yet effective prank. - Bill Squire 

http://www.wmms.com/onair/the-alan-cox-show-50360/limbo-prank-raises-the-bar-13134541/, The Cavs start a long West Coast road trip tonight against the Golden State Warriors. Coverage starts at 10:00 pm on your FM home for Cavaliers basketball 100.7 WMMS., Watch Joe Biden creep out this teenage girl. - Bill Squire, I'll listen to WIllie Nelson til my ears bleed but I'm not a fan of the new pop style country. - Bill Squire, This lady is caught lying about a $100 a lady pretends to find under her chair and I can't blame her cause I would have done the exact same thing. - Bill Squire, Win tickets to see your Cleveland Cavaliers take on the Charlotte Hornets Friday, January 23rd at Quicken Loans Arena., This is hilarious but I'm still gonna see the new one. - Bill Squire, Join the The Alan Cox Show for The Polar Blast Battle for $10.07!, DUI suspect runs over cop's foot and breaks his arm! Caught on dash cam! Kudos to the citizens coming to his aid!, This dude does the best Peter Griffin impression. - Bill Squire 

http://www.wmms.com/onair/the-alan-cox-show-50360/real-life-peter-griffin-goes-to-13130249/, Young Indonesian girl crushes Lamb Of God's "Hourglass"!, 15 yr old guitar player rocks the blues!, Puppy tries to reclaim his bed from the cat! Good luck pal!, Tons of school closings and delays this morning! Get the latest list here., Sh*T gram says! 87 yr old grandma with dirty mind and filthy mouth! (NSFW), The Cleveland Cavaliers are home tonight to take on the Houston Rockets before a long West Coast road trip. Coverage starts at 6:30 pm on your FM home for Cavaliers basketball 100.7 WMMS., Some "Jacobs Field" magic will warm you up! 6 weeks until Tribe pitchers and catchers report to spring training!, Check out the trailer for Ant-Man. - Bill Squire, Off duty cop accidentally shoots himself in Ohio parking garage elevator!, Check out Farrah Abraham's next level duck face. - Bill Squire, Andy Dwyer gets transferred and we get the best movie ever. - Bill Squire, My favorite moments from these guys are Randy Johnson hitting the bird and John Smotlz farting on a pre-game show. - Bill Squire, Saving lives never looked so good. - Bill Squire, Here's the final episode of my perfect ten project. Thanks for all the support. I'm very proud of this. - Bill Squire, Win tickets to see your Cleveland Cavaliers take on the Charlotte Hornets Friday, January 23rd at Quicken Loans Arena., This kid needs to grow up. - Bill Squire, Dude gets owned by a Disney mascot. - Bill Squire, My next beer keg delivery guy!, The 100th addition to the CLE-Vage gallery raises the bar...and if Alan's face weren't there it'd raise other things. - Bill Squire, Birthday boy not too happy what happens when he goes to blow out the candles!, These guys get a lot of sound out of these lil' instruments. - Bill Squire, R.I.P. Stuart Scott. I always enjoyed Stuart Scott on ESPN. He will be missed., The Cleveland Cavaliers press on without LeBron for the next 2 weeks. They battle the Dallas Mavericks today at Quicken Loans Arena. Coverage starts at 12:30pm on your FM home for Cavaliers basketball 100.7 WMMS., The Cleveland Cavaliers press on without LeBron for the next 2 weeks. They battle the Hornets tonight in Charlotte. Coverage starts at 6:30pm on your FM home for Cavaliers basketball 100.7 WMMS., Best sights from last nights Sugar Bowl! Go Bucks!, One of the best moments from the game yesterday didn't take place on the field. - Bill Squire, LeBron and your Cleveland Cavaliers ring in 2015 at home against the Bucks, who they already beat this year. Coverage starts at 6:30 PM on your AM home for Cavs hoops 100.7 WMMS., Which side is my gas cap on?, TV reporter nails Alphabet Aerobics! Very talented with her mouth!, Cause boobs., Redneck fireworks fail!
http://www.wmms.com/onair/maria-236/redneck-fireworks-fail-13106266/, JIT - A young muthaf***a that don't know sh!t.  - Bill Squire, The Cleveland Cavaliers are in Atlanta tonight to take on the first place Hawks. Coverage starts at 7 PM on your FM home for Cavaliers basketball 100.7 WMMS., How not to rob an ATM. Gives new meaning to blowing out your flip flops!, I think this dude had too many drinks before his flight! (NSFW), Spokane police officer educates cop hater!, Man solves Wheel Of Fortune puzzle in one second with one letter!, Best News Bloopers 2014! You'll remember the 2nd one from right here in Cleveland!, Man gets a hug from a wolfdog at rescue organization! Reminds me of my shepherd!, Firework bomb! I want one, Pimp My Ride - Ghetto Power Chair Edition! I particularly like the AC unit!, This dude thought he had a pimple but it turns out to be a years worth of hair growing under his skin. - Bill Squire, Even fancy malls can get ratchet. - Bill Squire, The Cleveland Cavaliers are back home today to pound on the lowly Detroit Pistons. Coverage starts at 4pm on your FM Home for Cavs basketball 100.7 WMMS., Bruce Springsteen officially releases Darkness On The Edge Of Town Live from the Cleveland Agora 1978!, Dads do an amazing Christmas dance in Ugly Christmas sweaters! Made me chuckle!, Little girl wants "Frozen" panties for Christmas and that's exactly what she gets!, 50 years ago today the Cleveland Browns won the NFL championship game against the Baltimore Colts!, The Cleveland Cavaliers head up the Florida coast to face the struggling Orlando Magic tonight. Coverage starts at 6:30pm on your FM Home for Cavs basketball 100.7 WMMS., Time to brush up on your vocab with 54 words added to the Dictionary in 2014! So jel of that dude's mahoosive neckbeard!, This foul mouthed Irish mother is adorable. - Bill Squire, LeBron returns to Miami. Just for one day though! The Cleveland Cavaliers take on the Miami Heat starting at 4:30pm today on your FM Home for Christmas basketball 100.7 WMMS., Puppy rescued from well! Well done, pun intended!, Now this is a Christmas card! Merry Christmas everyone!, Monkey saves his fellow monkey's life! Truly amazing act caught on video!, Get in the holiday spirit with a complete list of all of your favorite movies, TV shows, and specials now through Christmas Day!, Up and coming stand-up comedian Jerry Seinfeld stopped by The Tonight Show Starring Jimmy Fallon to talk about garbage. - Bill Squire, Reporter can't make it through segment on burning drugs! Talk about a contact buzz!, Gotta be careful of those crazy girls. - Bill Squire, Check out what we googled in 2014. - Bill Squire, This dog hates Christmas music and I love this dog. - Bill Squire, The Cleveland Cavaliers finish up their home stand tonight at Quicken Loans Arena against the woeful Minnesota Timberwolves. Coverage starts at 6:30pm on your FM Home for Cavs basketball 100.7 WMMS., Remember Entourage? Well now you can not see the show you didn't watch! - Bill Squire, Cop helps out speeder with a stutter! Lets him go literally! (NSFW), Little girl demands her voice to be heard at Nativity play! She's definitely got spirit!, Camping must have: a laser campfire!, Loyal dog chases homeless owner in ambulance to the hospital! Unconditional love!, Just when you think you've seen it all! WTF! (NSFW), Guy driving customer's car out of car wash gets brake and gas pedals confused! It does not end well!, RIP Joe Cocker!, Why you may not get your Christmas gift this year! Hope yours wasn't on this truck!, Guy with one arm kills it on guitar! Amazing!, That would make it hard...to read. - Bill Squire

http://www.wmms.com/onair/the-alan-cox-show-50360/nsfw-watch-these-ladies-read-twas-13088709/, The Cavs will try to to send the Grizzlies back to Memphis with a big loss today. LeBron and the boys are back in action at Quicken Loans Arena. Coverage starts at 4pm on your FM Home for Cavs hoops 100.7 WMMS., Win a 4 pack of tickets to the Cleveland Outdoor Adventure show January 16-18th at the IX Center., Dad gives kids early crappy Christmas gifts to get their reaction!, Join Bill Squire tonight at The Basement in North Canton to play Yeungling's Pop-A-Shot Challenge., Guy drives right into rockslide! Wait, are those man boobs I see?, Last call! The Bonus Year-End Online Auction ends at 8 pm! You owe it to yourself to take advantage of these great deals! Bid now!, Jenga like a BOSS. - Bill Squire, Frank Caliendo reads The Night Before Christmas while doing impressions and it's awesome. - Bill Squire, Santa Claus - The Decision! Saw that one coming!, Longboarder's holy crap moment! I wonder if he shipped his pants?, 21 hot girl mugshots, and crazy stories to go with them! Guess which one beat her boyfriend with a toaster for messing up her breakfast!, Woman gets her BMW booted and drives off anyway!, Bidding for our Bonus Year-End Online Auction closes TOMORROW at 8 pm! These are the best deals of 2014! You can save on gym memberships, personal training, vacation packages, doggie day care & more! Bid Now!, How not to load a truck on a trailer! (NSFW), Star Wars Music Christmas Lights Show!, Don't miss your chance to nominate your favorites in Cleveland's Best of 2014. Submissions end at Midnight., Rudolph caught on Reindeer cam! Now on the naughty list!, What do the week 16 NFL Power Rankings say about Johnny Manziel? Another ouch!, Derby the Husky gets prosthetics! He now runs like a champ!, You can build a better mouse trap!, Get last minute gifts for friends and family, there’s a ton of items that you’ll like too! Save up to 90% off retail on: gym memberships, Vitamix machines, vacation packages, doggie day care & more!, Dog fetch fails compilation! Love this!, I would have sh!t. - Bill Squire, Turtle helps out his friend! What a good pal!, This mom rules. - Bill Squire, This is bad ass. - Bill Squire, 13 dogs and a cat having holiday dinner! My favorite part is the dog breaking out the flask!, Megatron hates social media. - Bill Squire, (ICYMI) Johny Manziel's leaked texts, tongue in cheek! (Sorry the first link didn't work)!, The Rock and Roll Hall of Fame + Museum has announced the Inductees for 2015 including Green Day, Stevie Ray Vaughan, Lou Reed, Joan Jett and the Blackhearts, and more., As the new year approaches, we want to recognize the best of the best in Cleveland. Nominate your favorites in Cleveland's Best of 2014 now., The Cleveland Cavaliers start a 5 game home stand tonight at the Quicken Loans Arena as they battle the Charlotte Hornets. Coverage starts at 6:30 on your FM Home for Cavs basketball 100.7 WMMS., Leaked - Johnny Manziel's texts!, Maybe he thought this was Gus Fring from Breaking Bad but I'm pretty sure he's just a douche. - Bill Squire, Deon Cole's segment on  Conan is, in my opinion, hysterical. You may find it less humorous than I and that is okay. - Bill Squire, How to recover from a treadmill fail! Ha!, This lady (that resembles Dave Grohl in a fat suit) can shred. - Bill Squire, Footage of police ending Sydney hostage situation! Also video of hostages forced to plea for demands. Very scary!, Best play made by someone in a Browns jersey in yesterday's game!, The Alan Cox Show 24/7: Erika Out with the Flu/Sony's Leaked Email Fallout/Drunk or Kid., Rover's Morning Glory On Demand: Jeffrey's Christmas Classics, Seth Rollins, & more., Woman leaves special package for thief! Worried about your packages being stolen this holiday season? Might want to try this method!, German Shepherd dance moves with ears! Manipulated, but he owns it!, The Cleveland Cavaliers short road trip continues tonight in New Orleans. Coverage starts at 7:30 on Your FM home for Cavs Basketball 100.7 WMMS., Sam Wyche "You don't live in Cleveland" moment! Marvin Lewis wasn't the first Bengal's HC to disrespect Cleveland!, Even Santa Poops! Hilarious commercial for PooPourri! Love this!, Extreme Barbie Jeep racing! This is badass!, This dude climbs up a slide that is closed for safety reasons and the results are comical. - Bill Squire, These kids play the best Weezer cover you'll ever hear. - Bill Squire, Chick arranges Nintendo themes on the spot! Talented!, Win Cleveland Cavaliers tickets from the FM Home for Cavs Basketball., HS teacher has students write letters to future self, mail those letters to them 20 yrs later! That's dedication!, Cleveland Cavaliers riding high on an 8 game win streak! Tonight they take on the Oklahoma City Thunder in OKC. Coverage starts at 7:30 on Your FM Home for Cavs hoops 100.7 WMMS, This is probably the closest some of these couples have come to actually having sex in a long time. Enjoy "Sexy Charades". - Bill Squire, I would not suggest this method of unloading pallets from a truck!, Woman's bold statement about Ferguson! Very brave indeed! (NSFW), Bill Cosby and Taylor Swift perform a holiday classic. - Bill Squire, Welcome to the future. - Bill Squire, This prank is pretty sadistic but I laughed, oh how I laughed. - Bill Squire, On Rover's Morning Glory: Should you tell if you know somebody is cheating, torture report, & more., Gotta love Lil John! Challenges Marv Lewis in Bengals press conference over 'Midget Manziel", On The Alan Cox Show: Bidding for Items on Ebay/Christmas Trees and Decorations/Are You Smarter Than A Dumbass., This guys sets himself on fire and the director of the show goes with it and starts playing wacky music. - Bill Squire, This is as intense as it gets. - Bill Squire 

http://www.wmms.com/onair/the-alan-cox-show-50360/graphic-content-nyc-cops-shoot-man-13049633/?desktop=true&desktopviewduration=86400, Klepto dog steals food from fridge!, Today on Rover's Morning Glory: Rover's penis pain, threesome advice, & more., Texas Judge's sobriety test. It's who you know, or who you blow, or in this case she did not blow!, Incredible entire neighborhood Christmas light show!, D-BAGS ASSEMBLE! - Bill Squire, On The Alan Cox Show: Donnie Tries to Record a Commercial/Erika's Wild Onesie Party/Winery or Rehab., Check out a very NSFW Christmas light display from the UK. - Bill Squire, Nicki Minaj nailed her Kim Kardashian impression on weekend update. Nailing KK has never been much of a challenge. - Bill Squire 

http://www.wmms.com/onair/the-alan-cox-show-50360/nicki-minaj-does-kim-kardashian-on-13044018/, Rover's Morning Glory On Demand: JLR asks NFL trivia questions, should your family be friends with your ex, & more., Top 20 names of girls who sleep around the most! Not sure how it was compiled! is your or your girls name on this list?, The Cleveland Cavaliers take their 6 game winning streak to Brooklyn to face the Brooklyn Nets. Coverage starts at 7pm on your FM Home for Cavs hoops 100.7 WMMS., What did Johnny say after Hoyer's overthrow?, Glorious. - Bill Squire, Worst driver ever! Yikes!, Chinese grandmother learns English! (NSFW), Captain Picard makes Christmas better. - Bill Squire, Win a pair of tickets to see your Cleveland Cavaliers take on the Memphis Grizzlies Sunday, December 21 at 4:30 PM at Quicken Loans Arena and a Mike Miller Autographed Collectible Card., Win a $400 gift certificate from Ashcroft and Oak Jewelers in the Last Minute Jewelry Grab!, Win a pair of tickets to all three days of Rock On The Range May 15, 16 and 17th at Columbus Crew Stadium!, Win a pair of Front Row tickets to see Steel Panther on December 13th at Hard Rock Rocksino Northfield Park., Head out to AC's pre-game broadcast from Liquid this Sunday at 9:30am. The first 50 people to get their picture taken outside at Frontier’s BEACH SCENE will receive a $200 flight voucher good for a future flight from Cleveland Hopkins Airport! 

That’s a great way to help you get to one of Frontier’s warm weather destinations like Phoenix, Ft. Myers, or Cancun!, Rock On The Range presale has been extended through Monday, December 8 at NOON. Buy your specially priced presale tickets now!, This is phenomenal. - Bill Squire, #ICYMI on Rover's Morning Glory: New Terminator trailer, Dieter and Charlie try to escape from duct tape, & more., Thief robs store owner using hypnotism!, Police body cam captures arrest of delusional woman! (NSFW), Bill Burr's the best. - Bill Squire, Register for your chance to win a $200 flight voucher from Frontier Airlines!, She's really good at "acting". - Bill Squire, Sorority stair slide fail! Reminds of Home alone but with a different outcome!, The Alan Cox Show 24/7: Alan Dated a Real Witch/Mariah Carey Bombs Her Performance/Are You Smarter Than A Dumbass?, Last call! The Online Auction ends TODAY at 1:00 PM! Don't miss the chance to bid on some great items! Bid Now! http://www.bidoncleveland.com, Rover's Morning Glory On Demand: The Hook Up, Dieter's pizza guy video, stolen valor, & more!, Vote now for the #RockHall2015 nominees you believe to be most deserving of induction into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame + Museum., How to stop car windows from steaming up! Or maybe you want them to!, Your Cleveland Cavaliers are back in action tonight to take on the New York Knicks Coverage starts at 7:30 pm on your FM home for Cavs Basketball 100.7 WMMS., Guy performs "Everybody Knows Sh*t's F'd" complete with dance! (NSFW), Bidding for our December  Online Auction closes TOMORROW at 1pm! Don't miss your chance to save big $$$! You can save on staycations, fitness, ski passes & more! Bid now: http://www.bidoncleveland.com, These are good. - Bill Squire, Drunk girls behaving badly at McDonald's drive thru! Not the best decision makers! Yikes! (NSFW), Win a pair of Front Row tickets to see Steel Panther on December 13th at Hard Rock Rocksino Northfield Park., Black Friday can be war and this manager's speech is one for the ages. - Bill Squire, A pregnant woman rips apart a protester outside a clinic. They are british so it feels extra fancy. - Bill Squire, #ICYMI on The Alan Cox Show: Dry Sex Problems in Africa/Irrational Porn Regulations/Vegan Strip Club Riot!, Purchase Rock On The Range presale tickets now until 9:59am on Friday, December 5th!, Purchase presale tickets NOW through 10pm tonight to see Amy Schumer on March 11 at the State Theatre at PlayhouseSquare., Beach goers deliver 3 baby sharks from dead mother! Good deed indeed!, Colbert is the best. - Bill Squire, This guys got balls...for now. - Bill Squire, My hands aren't the only thing that are raised. - Bill Squire, Drunk chick offers cop BJ and more! (NSFW), It's easier than you think. - Bill Squire, As the new year approaches, we want to recognize the best of the best of 2014. From sports bar to BBQ, food truck to beer, nominate your favorites in Cleveland's Best of 2014 now., This guy lost a bet and had to recreate the music video for "Chandelier" by Sia which is a ridiculous video. - Bill Squire 
http://www.wmms.com/onair/the-alan-cox-show-50360/never-lose-a-fantasy-football-bet-13027840/, Enjoy some CLE-VAGE! - Bill Squire, LeBron and the Cleveland Cavaliers hit the floor again tonight at Quicken Loans Arena against the Milwaukee Bucks. Coverage starts at 6:30 pm on your FM home for Cavs Basketball 100.7 WMMS., Tonight iHeartRadio is giving you an exclusive one-hour behind-the-scenes look at AC/DC's first studio album in 6 years, Rock or Bust. 

Hear it tonight at 11pm: http://www.wmms.com/listen, This guy gets a cyr wheel which is basically a giant metal hula hoop and over thirty days becomes quite good at moving around in it. - Bill Squire, Girl injures herself smashing cans with her, um ... cans!, Hot chicks in bikinis. Enjoy. - Bill Squire, #ICYMI on The Alan Cox Show: Seeing Movies in America/OSU Football Player Found/Drunk or Kid., Yesterday on World AIDS Day, you helped Bank of America donate over 3 million dollars to (RED) to fight AIDS. 

Today, Bank of America will triple the impact by matching all donations two for one. To learn more, visit: www.red.org/ThankYou, The Online Auction is back now through this Friday at 1 pm. Check out great items up for bid! You can save $$$ on staycations, fitness, ski passes & more! Bid Now! http://www.bidoncleveland.com, [In a half-hour] On this World AIDS Day, Bank of America is presenting A (RED) THANK YOU: a special live performance from Times Square featuring U2, Chris Martin, Carrie Underwood, Kanye West, and Bruce Springsteen! #onestep4RED, Movember is over and this guy removed his mustache in an extremely painful way. - Bill Squire, Veteran calls out fake ranger on Black Friday! Stolen valor!, Today is World AIDS Day!

To thank America for all its done in the fight against AIDS, Bank of America presents: A (RED) THANK YOU, a special live performance from Times Square featuring U2, Chris Martin, Carrie Underwood, Kanye West, and Bruce Springsteen!

Spread the word using #onestep4RED, Johnny Manziel looked decent in the short time he was on the field. Check him out as Johnny Bravo. - Bill Squire, Father and son get into it during Thanksgiving grace! Although probably staged, still entertaining, I hope your Thanksgiving was better than this!, KC Chiefs' Travis Kelce's reaction to ref's call! Rolling dice? I think not!, I saw the new Hunger Games over the weekend and loved it. Best I've slept in weeks. - Bill Squire, Spend your Saturday night with LeBron and your Cleveland Cavaliers as they take on the Indiana Pacers! Coverage starts at 7:00 pm on your FM home for Cavs Basketball 100.7 WMMS., The Road to the Rock Hall Begins with the Rock Off.
Enter Now for the 2015 Tri-C High School Rock Off!, The teaser trailer for the new Star Wars is out. It has me a little more than cautiously optimistic. - Bill Squire, Your Cleveland Cavaliers are back in action tonight to take on the Washington Wizards. Coverage starts at 6:30 pm on your FM home for Cavs Basketball 100.7 WMMS., The Cleveland Police Department have released the video from the shooting of 12 year old Tamir Rice., Cleveland police release video of Tamir Rice shooting. Warning: May be graphic for some viewers., Instant karma for thief! Not the sharpest tool in the shed!, Dog cheats during race! Reminds me of the hot dog race at Progressive field!, This guy knocks out two dudes in two seconds. - Bill Squire, #ICYMI on The Alan Cox Show: Comic Book Collecting/Protestors Downtown Cleveland/Man Has Sexual Relations with Horses., How to move a car that's in the way! We've got work to do boys!, Vote now for the #RockHall2015 nominees you believe to be most deserving of induction into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame + Museum., #ICYMI on Rover's Morning Glory: Ferguson decision, Tech Tuesday, & more., Hilarious! Flo, the Progressive Girl teams up with LeBron James to become #FloBron!, NERD ALERT: Batman with a lightsaber. - Bill Squire, I don't need a thermal camera to tell the difference between fake and real but someone made this video so we should watch it. - Bill Squire, Nickelback is back! 

Chad Kroeger and crew have released their brand new album, 'No Fixed Address', and they brought all of their new music to life with an iHeartRadio Live Series at the iHeartRadio Theater Los Angeles., Dinosaurs VS. Starlord? Yeah, I'll watch that. - Bill Squire, 7 ways to compliment boobs! Reminds me of an episode of Family Guy, CNN reporter gets hit in head by rock during live broadcast in Ferguson! She's one tough cookie!, #ICYMI on The Alan Cox Show: 	Erika Feeling Inspired/Insane Black Friday Shopping/Slow Motion Nicki Minaj Rapp., He must be more of a Fox News kind of guy. - Bill Squire, #ICYMI on Rover's Morning Glory: Taylor Lianne Chandler, NFL player cries, & more., Cavs look to snap a 4 game skid tonight at home against the Orlando Magic! Coverage starts at 6:30pm on your FM Home of Cavs Hoops 100.7 WMMS!, Korea has some weird commercials. - Bill Squire, Things dogs teach us! One of the many things I am thankful for on Thanksgiving are my three rescue dogs!, Huntington presents Winterfest on Saturday, November 29th! Head Downtown with family and friends to kick off the holiday season. Downtown Cleveland Alliance, Jimmy Kimmel's Kim Kardashian snowblower! Ha!, Does Jay-Z sound like Nick Minaj when you speed his music up? - Bill Squire, This kids face says it all. Go Browns! - Bill Squire, LeBron and the Cavs start a 5 game home stand tonight against The Toronto Raptors.  Coverage starts at 7 pm on Your FM Home For Cavs Hoops 100.7 WMMS., Win the Ultimate Thanksgiving Giveaway, in honor of 30 days of thanks!, Hurray for boobies. - Bill Squire

http://www.wmms.com/onair/the-alan-cox-show-50360/new-clevage-12997986/, #ICYMI on Rover's Morning Glory: Jeffrey gets royalty check, Glenn Beck says media is raping Bill Cosby, & more., The long win streak starts tonight as the Cavs take on the Washington Wizards. It all starts at 7:30 on Your FM Home for Cavs Basketball 100.7 WMMS!, A gym teacher tries to drag a 14 year old female student into the school's pool. Not cool. - Bill Squire, What a waste of beer!, Check out another round of celebrities reading mean tweets. - Bill Squire, Dog thinks it can fly, or make a mountain bike jump! Ouch poor dog!, Girl does impressions of celebrities stuck in traffic! My favorite is Kristen Stewart!, #ICYMI on The Alan Cox Show: FSU School Shooting/Comedian Al Jackson in the Studio/Shooting Blanks., The United Way Sports Auction today at 1 pm. Don't miss your chance to bid on sports memorabilia and once-in-a-lifetime sports experiences. Your bid will help support the United Way of Greater Cleveland., Our sister station Majic 105.7 - Cleveland is your home for Cleveland's Greatest Christmas Hits. Listen now or whenever you need some Christmas Cheer., A little weather isn't gonna stop this hard working drug dealer. - Bill Squire, Nickelback﻿ is back! 

TONIGHT at 10pm - we're inviting you to watch their iHeartRadio Live Series show celebrating the release of their new album, 'No Fixed Address', Are you gonna watch the Breaking Bad spin off series? - Bill Squire, Here's video of Bill Cosby asking a reporter to not show video of him declining to answer questions about the jokes Hannibal Buress made last month. - Bill Squire, Police dog saves officers life when apprehending two suspects! Very intense!, Here is some unsettling footage from the shooting at Florida State University early this morning. - Bill Squire, I'd party with these grandmas. - Bill Squire, From the tragic to hilarious...52 Ugly Tattoos!, Most of your probably aren't at work now so figured this would be a good time to post this. - Bill Squire 

http://www.wmms.com/onair/the-alan-cox-show-50360/sarah-silverman-and-seth-rogen-in-12988486/, The perils of being a reporter! Ouch that hurt!, #ICYMI on Rover's Morning Glory: Hypnotizing lawyer, reporter for Christopher Heben story, & more., #ICYMI on The Alan Cox Show: Biblical Snow Storm/Marina Franklin in the Studio/Cocktail or Sex Act., Ferocious dog chases out trespasser! Ha!, LeBron and the Cavs take on the defending NBA Champion San Antonio Spurs tonight at Quicken Loans Arena! Coverage starts at 6:30pm on Your Official FM Home for Cavs Hoops 100.7 WMMS!, John Williams at his best. - Bill Squire, All this week, listen to Rover's Morning Glory and The Alan Cox Show for your chance to win tickets to see Lake Erie Monsters take on the Hamilton Bulldogs Friday November 28th!  The Lake Erie Monsters are celebrating Movember with a mustache sticker giveaway, plus its Dollar Dog and Soda night with a postgame skate on the ice!  Tickets on sale now at Lake Erie Monsters dot com, Little kids busted playing with paint!  Too funny!, Janice Dickinson is the latest woman to come out with allegations of rape against Cosby. Check out her interview. - Bill Squire, Check out the 1996 Nissan Maxima and it's state of the art lane departure indicators. - Bill Squire, Join us in supporting the United Way of Greater Cleveland and place your bid now during the United Way Sports Auction. Bid on sports memorabilia and once-in-a-lifetime sports experiences until Friday, November 21st at 1 pm., Dog escapes python! Close call with happy ending!, How many guys does it tak to pull a car out of the snow? A sh*t load!, How to fail as a DJ!
http://www.wmms.com/onair/maria-236/dj-fail-12983932/, #ICYMI on Rover's Morning Glory: Bill Cosby accused of rape, state of emergency in Ferguson & more., Pornhub is making Christmas come early. - Bill Squire, When life gives this guy lemons he slices them like a damn ninja. - Bill Squire, All About That Baste - Thanksgiving parody! My favorite part,  "I'm bringing butter back!", Would you trust snapchat with your debit card? - Bill Squire, #ICYMI on The Alan Cox Show: Alan Not in a Good Mood/Trying To Help Out Intern Donnie/Winery or Rehab., This guy really wants to get on that bus. - Bill Squire, Pitbull finds unusual method to overcome fear of walking through doorways!, #ICYMI on Rover's Morning Glory: Calendar party recap, Duji uses Rover's credit card to pay for her dog's surgery, & more., Guy picks wrong house to break into. don't mess with a veteran of the 82nd Airborne!, Gangsta wife busted rapping! Just have fun and don't give an F what other people think!, Breaking Bad gets Frozened. - Bill Squire, They laid the smack down on the Atlanta Hawks on Saturday and tonight the Cavs look to do the same to the Denver Nuggets! Coverage starts at 6:30pm on Your Official FM Home for Cavs Hoops 100.7 WMMS!, Church guitarist flips out during performance!, Red Light/Green Light in bikinis with a very Japanese twist. - Bill Squire, Zach Galifianakis lights a joint during Real Time with Bill Maher. - Bill Squire, Spend your Saturday night with the Cleveland Cavaliers! LeBron and the boys are back home tonight against the Atlanta Hawks. Coverage starts at 7pm on your FM home for Cavs Basketball 100.7 WMMS., #ICYMI on Rover's Morning Glory: Rob calls in, Dieter eats a bladder stone, & more., Your Cleveland Cavaliers are back to .500 and take on the Boston Celtics tonight in Boston. Coverage starts at 7pm on your FM home for Cavs Basketball 100.7 WMMS., Instant classic. - Bill Squire, This kid asks his dad ridiculous questions and his dad gets extremely mad. - Bill Squire, Revenge of the goose on a golfer! That's one pissed off goose!, Black lab body surfs in the snow! My dogs had a blast in the first snowfall of the season yesterday!, #ICYMI on The Alan Cox Show: Bill's Family Emergency/Man Slapped Lady on the Subway/Are You Smarter than a Dumbass?, Purchase presale tickets to see Nickelback Tuesday, August 4, 2015 at Blossom Music Center today until 10 pm., In case you missed it or just want to watch it again. - Bill Squire 

http://www.wmms.com/onair/the-alan-cox-show-50360/kim-kardashian-makes-butt-coffee-nsfw-12968351/, #ICYMI on Rover's Morning Glory: Jeffrey's book becomes best seller, viral video of girl pretending to be drunk, & more., Want cream with that? - Bill Squire, Vote now for the #RockHall2015 nominees you believe to be most deserving of induction into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame + Museum., A bunch of people tripping on a step. - Bill Squire, What it's like to be shot at with an AK-47 in an armored Mercedes! Now that's product testing!, I can relate to this as a father. My youngest is difficult when it comes to this stuff. - Bill Squire, #ICYMI on The Alan Cox Show: The KKK Needs To Celebrate Diversity/John Michael Calls in the Studio/Are You Smarter Than a Dumbass?, Purchase presale tickets today at 11am-11pm to see Lisa Lampanelli on April 10, 2015 at PlayhouseSquare!, #ICYMI on Rover's Morning Glory: Update on Rob's children, Eminem wants to punch Lana Del Rey & more.

As many of you already know, Rob's baby girl, Serena, succumbed to her injuries earlier today. Sarah & Ben remain in serious condition. Please keep Rob & his family in your thoughts and prayers. You can donate to the Rob / RoverRadio Medical Fund which will go toward the medical expenses incurred by this horrible tragedy. Donate here: http://rover.fm/E7gPZ, Another bus driver mixes it up with a passenger. - Bill Squire, Megyn Kelly Oops!, Party fouls compilation! How many of these have you committed?, #ICYMI on The Alan Cox Show: Origins of the 21 Gun Salute/Erika's Opinion on Legal Marijuana/Drunk or Kid., #ICYMI on Rover's Morning Glory: Rob's kid's accident, cop slaps a guy, & more. 

Please consider donating to the Rob / RoverRadio Medical Fund which will go toward the medical expenses for Rob's kids, who were critically injured when they were struck by a car. Donate here: http://rover.fm/E7gPZ, In 15 minutes, listen to #TheConcertForValor, a concert honoring veterans and their families, starring Bruce Springsteen and more LIVE on iHeartRadio!, This guy might make it as a rapper. - Bill Squire, Our friends at 106.5 The Lake are giving away a pair of tickets to Nickelback Tuesday, August 4, 2015 at Blossom Music Center., Dogs welcoming their soldiers home! To all the veterans and soldiers currently serving, I salute you on this Veterans Day!, This is not a very good example of customer service. - Bill Squire, Please join us in supporting the quest to get a Fisher House built in Cleveland. On Veterans Day, please consider a donation to help build the Greater Cleveland Fisher House to support military members and their families., Here's a little side boob for ya. - Bill Squire, Dumb ass smokes a firework! The slow-mo is the best part!
http://www.wmms.com/onair/maria-236/dumb-ass-smokes-a-firework-12957788/, Please help support Rob's children who were tragically struck by a car while crossing the street and are in critical condition!, Guy catches best friend's wife cheating!, At 10pm, watch as The Pretty Reckless take the iHeartRadio Live Series stage in NYC for an interview and to rock out performing songs from their second album, ‘Going To Hell’!, #ICYMI today on Rover's Morning Glory: Boob contest, Blood in the Studio now on Amazon, & more., After a great road win in Denver, LeBron and your Cleveland Cavaliers are back home tonight at Quicken Loans Arena to take on the New Orleans Pelicans. Coverage starts at 6:30 PM on your FM Home of the Cavs 100.7 WMMS., This is Ashley Harris and she's purdy. - Bill Squire, John Oliver fires salmon cannon at celebs! a little comedy break!, This guy lost 160 lbs in a short amount of time and now he has extra skin for miles. - Bill Squire, I always wondered what would happen to a glow stick if you put it in the microwave. Lucky for me this dumb ass did it. - Bill Squire, Metallica's One played on all medieval instruments! In case you ever wondered what it would sound like., Of course Satan needs energy. Being a work of fiction is exhausting!--AC, The Cleveland Browns are in first place!, No need to worry Cavs fans, we have King James! The Cleveland Cavaliers are back in action tonight in Denver and you'll hear it all starting at 10 on the FM home of the Cleveland Cavaliers 100.7 WMMS., #ICYMI today on Rover's Morning Glory: Ryan Hoppe gets catfished, Jim Florentine, Robert Mason & more., Sea lion chases boat for his prize! Damn he's fast!, RTA "All About That Bus" parody! Very clever!, I don't know what this is exactly but it's my favorite thing ever. - Bill Squire, #ICYMI on the The Alan Cox Show: Alan Visits a Sally's Beauty Shop/Comedian Jen Kirkman in Studio/Drunk or Kid? Listen here!, Go Cavs! Win tickets to see your Cleveland Cavaliers take on the New Orleans Pelicans Monday, November 10th at Quicken Loans Arena where it's Hoops for Troops Military Night Presented by PlayStation., #ICYMI on Rover's Morning Glory: Machine Gun Kelly, Ryan Hoppe gets a lap dance from The Hook Up, Comedian Jen Kirkman, & more. Listen here!, Love this clip from South Park. - Bill Squire, Jen Kirkman is stopping by The Alan Cox Show today around 4:20. Check her out this weekend at Pickwick & Frolic/Hilarities 4th Street Theatre. - Bill Squire, NOFX's Fat Mike takes out fan that jumps on stage without missing a beat!, These girls made a force awaken in my pants. - Bill Squire, Father punishes son for stealing by making him hold books over his head., #ICYMI on The Alan Cox Show: All You Can Eat Olive Garden/John Michael Calls In/Bathroom Stories and Accidents! Listen here!, A few things:

1. I've lost 50 lbs since June. I have a long way to go still but I'm very happy about the progress I made.

2. Episode 10 of "Bill Squire's (Perfect) Ten" is finally ready and this project has been way harder than losing the 50 lbs. I'm dead serious about that. I've wanted to quit doing this project since about month two but people have been overwhelmingly encouraging so I stuck it out and now I'm close to the finish line. 

3. The Tavern of Solon Open Mic is tonight at 8 pm. The show is free and the Browns are playing. So come listen to some jokes and watch the Browns kick the shit out of the Bengals. 

4. I love you guys. - Bill Squire, As if tandem skydiving didn't look emasculating enough. - Bill Squire, I think we all know that if this video was of a kid successfully making sparkling wine it wouldn't be posted. - Bill Squire, Win tickets to see The Music of Led Zeppelin Saturday, November 8th at Hard Rock Rocksino Northfield Park., The Cleveland Cavaliers look to rebound from their loss last night in Portland as they take on the Utah Jazz tonight. All the action starts at 8:30 on your FM Home for Cavs Basketball 100.7 WMMS., Baby's first crawl has sweet ending!, Clean your vinyl records with wood glue? I have crates of vinyl, might have to bust out the turntable!, News anchor "where they at doe?" music video! Gotta have some fun at work!, This guy is tired of fighting over a parking space so he slams into the other guy's car. - Bill Squire, This girls very matter of fact explanation of why she doesn't like a big penis is hysterical. - Bill Squire, 100.7 WMMS is the FM Home of the Cleveland Cavaliers. Tune in to hear LeBron and the Cavs in action all season on WMMS. Tonight, the Cavs take on the Portland Trail Blazers at 10:00 PM., She told him not to do that. - Bill Squire, Today on Rover's Morning Glory: Indian rape justice, Victoria Secret body shaming, & more!, Bowling ball vs feather! Which falls faster? Science geek alert!, The Alan Cox Show 24/7: Alan Gets Pulled Over/Should You Be Able To End Your Life/Are You Smarter Than A Dumbass?, Car pushing fail! Ouch!, Guy showing off Lamborghini catches it on fire!, Ever wonder what the McRib is made of? Well McDonald's pulls back the curtain. - Bill Squire, I think some of you may enjoy this. - Bill Squire, Purchase your tickets today for the 5th annual Winter Wine & Ale Fest. Featuring Ohio breweries and spirits and regional wines, as well as delicious local food, tickets are $65 per person including a tasting glass & parking. Downtown Cleveland Alliance, Deer delivers powdered doughnut!, Weatherman not quite ready to "go live" for broadcast!, Lowes is testing out robotic sales assistants at some of their stores but this sketch from Last Week Tonight With John Oliver shows the importance of the human element when shopping at home improvement stores. - Bill Squire, How are you gonna make it on the streets when you can't even stand up to wind? - Bill Squire, Go Cavs! Win tickets to see your Cleveland Cavaliers take on the New Orleans Pelicans Monday, November 10th at Quicken Loans Arena where it's Hoops for Troops Military Night Presented by Sony PlayStation., Today on Rover's Morning Glory: David's frostbite, Rover's trick or treating, & more., 100.7 WMMS is the FM Home of the Cleveland Cavaliers. Tune in to hear LeBron and the Cavs in action all season on WMMS. Tonight, the Cavs take on the Chicago Bulls at 8:00 PM., Chelsea Handler doesn't like that ladies can't post nipples on instagram and neither do I. - Bill Squire, This is creepy as hell. - Bill Squire, 100.7 WMMS is the FM Home of the Cleveland Cavaliers. Tune in to hear LeBron and the Cavs in action all season on WMMS. Tonight, the Cavs take on the New York Knicks in the season opener at 8:00 PM., We're just a few hours away from the Cleveland Cavaliers season opener! Who's pumped!?! Tune in to hear it tonight at 8pm right here on 100.7 WMMS!, Man breaks out some moves after making his last alimony payment!, Anchor doesn't know her mic is on! Busted!, Hard work on three. Together on six.--AC, LeBron's new Nike commercial "Together" will get you pumped for tonight! Like you aren't already!, We are talking about this video right now unless you see this when we aren't talking about it. - Bill Squire, Man leaves his young daughter behind after attempted robbery!, Loved this. - Bill Squire, Bad friends compilation! How do your friends stack up?, This guy is a true christian. - Bill Squire, Would you dress your baby up for Halloween in this baby dank costume?, Check out this clip of The Avengers taking turns trying to lift Thor's hammer. It's not as dirty as it sounds. - Bill Squire, The Alan Cox Show 24-7: Erika's Migraine Problems/Racist Tour Guide Apologizes/Shooting Blanks., 20 Pictures of parenting! For what it's worth!, Today on Rover's Morning Glory: JLR's book is outselling Cuomo's book, oblivious parents, & more., Check out these cool hidden weapons. - Bill Squire, Deer runs through lobby of the Days Inn Penn State. Must have wanted a good nights sleep before the Ohio State game in Happy valley!, Oh Sugar, I can't stay mad at you. - Bill Squire, That is a hell of a splinter. - Bill Squire, This simple prank was perfectly executed twice. - Bill Squire, Wiz Khalifa and old home movies make the internet a better place. - Bill Squire, The Alan Cox Show 24/7: Watching TV Shows and Ebola News/Cleveland Burlesque Girls/Are You Smarter Than a Dumbass., Brother should get a Red Bull endorsement or something.--AC, Faceplants and implants. - Bill Squire, It really did look like he was rolling a booger in his fingers in the originals. - Bill Squire, LeBron James' First Home Game, the new Sprite commercial! Are you pumped for Thursday?, Aaron Lewis screws up words to National Anthem! What's worse, screwing up the words or "diva-ing" it up?, Sea lion annoyed with dog.  Animal kingdom smackdown!, Guy knocks himself out playing dodgeball! Ouch!, They don't take kindly to homophobia in the DFW- AC, Not the prettiest game of the year but we won and that is what matters. - Bill Squire, Register to win a pair of tickets to see The Cleveland Cavaliers take on the New York Knicks in the home opener on Thursday, October 30th at Quicken Loans Arena!, Toddler rescued from claw machine!, This guy gets hit so hard he turns into a robot. - Bill Squire, Epic airline safety video, can you say hobbits?, This girls wants to be Nicki Minaj and wants to be friends with Ellen. - Bill Squire, Stolen truck plows into Dover Gardens Tavern!  Many of you know that I host karaoke there on Saturday nights! - Maria, Vote now for the #RockHall2015 nominees you believe to be most deserving of induction into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame + Museum., News bloopers compilation. If you haven't seen these yet, worth checking out!, iHeartRadio gave Slipknot a chance to Guest DJ their own radio station! They’re playing some music by their favorite bands and of course sharing some of their own stories:, Here's the Avengers trailer I posted yesterday in case you missed it. This one shouldn't get taken down. - Bill Squire, Asking strangers for food.  Amazing who is is the most giving!, Register to win a pair of tickets to see The Cleveland Cavaliers take on the New York Knicks in the home opener on Thursday, October 30th at Quicken Loans Arena!, Mr Incredible Vs Batgirl brawl! Only in Hollywood!
http://www.wmms.com/onair/maria-236/mr-incredible-vs-batgirl-brawl-12894721/, West coasters try Ohio food for the first time!, I hope the Chinese mob wasn't around.--AC, The Alan Cox Show 24-7: Bad Week for Canada/John Leguizamo Calls In/Strip Club or Day Care., Today on Rover's Morning Glory: Basketball player kisses reporter, JLR's book might be a movie, & more!, 100.7 WMMS is the FM Home of the Cleveland Cavaliers. Tune in to hear LeBron and the Cavs in action all season on WMMS. Tonight, the Cavs take on the Memphis Grizzlies at 8:00 PM!, 12 WTF mugshots you'll probably regret seeing...but not likely!, A killer prank. - Bill Squire, This doll gives these girls in weird wigs a diaper surprise! WTF?! - Bill Squire, Car impaled by guard rail, misses driver and passenger! Holy sh*t!, Little kids fight as adults film, laugh! WTF!, "I'm poutine my hands up!"--AC, The Alan Cox Show 24/7: Casey Wilson Calls into the Studio/Halloween Costume Ideas/Cocktail or Sex Act., This is one sweet hack.--AC, Another compilation of RKO's by Randy Orton. - Bill Squire, Today on Rover's Morning Glory: Gang rape, Duji's sick kid, & more!, New CLE-vage. - Bill Squire, Canadian weatherman vs Dog!  They say never work with kids or animals!
http://www.wmms.com/onair/maria-236/weatherman-vs-dog-12885927/, Queen Bohemian Rhapsody Halloween light show!, Sasha Grey reads some extremely creepy texts and looks good while she does it. - Bill Squire, German Shepherd dreaming then waking up! Ha!
http://www.wmms.com/onair/maria-236/german-shepherd-dreaming-then-waking-up-12885950/, You can tell this hoverboard is real cause it doesn't look very fun. - Bill Squire, Rock, flag and eagle!--AC, Gotta love a little frontier medicine.--AC, Today on Rover's Morning Glory: JLR's book cover, Coach sends dirty video to soccer team, & more., 100.7 WMMS is the FM Home of the Cleveland Cavaliers. Tune in to hear LeBron and the Cavs in action all season on WMMS. Tonight, the Cavs take on the Chicago Bulls at 7:00 PM!, Star Wars Theme played on hard drives! Cool!
http://www.wmms.com/onair/maria-236/star-wars-theme-played-on-hard-12881133/, Man rants about fast food workers demanding $15 and hour! (NSFW)
http://www.wmms.com/onair/maria-236/mans-rant-about-fast-food-workers-12881250/, I want a drone now. - Bill Squire, The Walking Drunk! Love This!
http://www.wmms.com/onair/maria-236/the-walking-drunk-love-this-12881087/, Cop arrests subway musician after reciting code about him performing there! Bystanders react. (NSFW)
http://www.wmms.com/onair/maria-236/cops-arrests-subway-musician-nsfw-12881011/, This guy tries taking a selfie but everything goes wrong. - Bill Squire, Register to win a pair of tickets to see The Cleveland Cavaliers take on the New York Knicks in the home opener on Thursday, October 30th at Quicken Loans Arena!, At least he's not taking himself too seriously.--AC, Register to win a 4 pack of Speed Passes for Carnival of Horrors at Blossom Music Center!, Bring the kids into IHOP and watch them create their own Scary Face Pancake now through October 31st., Register to win a 4 pack of Speed Passes for Carnival of Horrors at Blossom Music Center!, 100.7 WMMS is the FM Home of the Cleveland Cavaliers. Tune in to hear LeBron and the Cavs in action all season on WMMS. Tonight, the Cavs take on the Dallas Mavericks at 7:30 PM!, Beautiful Disaster. - Bill Squire, Check out our trip to the Haunted Prison Experience in Mansfield. - Bill Squire, Chainsaw massacre prank! Holy sh*t!
http://www.wmms.com/onair/maria-236/chainsaw-massacre-prank-12875091/, guy plays Star Spangled Banner with a gun. He's skilled at armory harmony!
http://www.wmms.com/onair/maria-236/man-plays-star-spangled-banner-with-12875004/, At least he will be the first one to get off. - Bill Squire, World Premiere: Foo Fighters﻿ are back with a BRAND NEW song called "Something From Nothing" and we have your first listen.

What do you think?, Afroman's classic song reborn. - Bill Squire, Judge Judy calls out defendant, gives her just enough rope! Oops!
http://www.wmms.com/onair/maria-236/judge-judy-calls-out-defendant-12871207/, A role model we can all look up to. - Bill Squire, Man talks sh*t to bird, bird responds! (NSFW)
http://www.wmms.com/onair/maria-236/man-talks-to-bird-bird-responds-12871135/, Work smarter, not harder. This is genius and I can't wait to see all the videos of people trying to recreate this set up and failing hard. - Bill Squire, Finnish band Steve'n'Seagulls cover AC/DC's Thunderstruck! Get under the covers with Fins! 
http://www.wmms.com/onair/maria-236/finnish-band-stevenseagulls-covers-thunderstruck-12870606/, The Alan Cox Show 24/7: Dividing Money in a Marriage/Andrea Vecchio in the Studio/Drunk or Kid., Silly Belgians. Stick to making waffles!--AC, Win front row tickets to see Artie Lange on Saturday, October 18th at Hard Rock Rocksino Northfield Park., These guys are crazy good at almost kicking people in the face. - Bill Squire, Woman insults husband's penis on Family Feud!  That's cold!
http://www.wmms.com/onair/maria-236/mans-member-gets-called-out-on-12866131/, Classic 80's commercials like "My Buddy" and "Juicy Fruit" get a metal makeover. - Bill Squire 

http://www.wmms.com/onair/the-alan-cox-show-50360/classic-commercials-gone-metal-12865551/, This is the best thing on the internet in a while. - Bill Squire, Posted this a few months ago but it's worth a repost since we brought it up on the show today. - Bill Squire , ON THE SHOW: Here's the dude getting harassed by the cops for being a frolfer.  - Bill Squire, Imagine walking through a store and all of a sudden the floor slides out from under you. That actually happened to these people. - Bill Squire, Check out Foo Fighters and Zac Brown covering War Pigs on Letterman. - Bill Squire

 http://www.wmms.com/onair/the-alan-cox-show-50360/foo-fighters-with-zac-brown-cover-12861646/, The Alan Cox Show 24-7: Browns Defeat the Steelers/Menacing Clowns in Los Angeles/Cocktail or Sex Act. , This would be a much nicer way to handle international conflicts. - Bill Squire, On Rover's Morning Glory: Rover is thinking of buying a house, Comic-Con, & more. , The Browns beat the Steelers and more boobs. This is a good Monday. - Bill Squire, Best Halloween prop! I want one!
http://www.wmms.com/onair/maria-236/best-halloween-prop-12857526/, Comedian Adam Newman was a guest on The Alan Cox Show a few months ago and today this video of him getting heckled by a Police Officer is all over the internet. He handles it like a pro. - Bill Squire, Classical music and boobs. - Bill Squire, Win a trip for you and a guest to attend a VIP party on the set of The Walking Dead!, Go Browns! - Bill Squire, Win ticket to see Artie Lange on October 18th at the Hard Rock Rocksino Northfield Park., Register to win a pair of tickets to see the Cleveland Cavaliers take on the Dallas Mavericks in Preseason action Friday October 17th at Quicken Loans Arena!, Win tickets to see Steel Panther on December 13th at the Hard Rock Rocksino Northfield Park., Love this. - Bill Squire, Key & Peele is absurd and hilarious. - Bill Squire, This girl won't stop trying to get the perfect selfie. - Bill Squire, 4 minutes to restore your faith in humankind! Kudos to these heroes!
http://www.wmms.com/onair/maria-236/compassion-still-exists-12851713/, Mystery pooper on the loose in Seattle! Maybe it's the coffee!
http://www.wmms.com/onair/maria-236/mystery-pooper-on-the-loose-in-12851489/, The Alan Cox Show 24/7: How to Conceal a Fart/Tom Papa in the Studio/Cocktail or Sex Act., Vote now for the #RockHall2015 nominees you believe to be most deserving of induction into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame + Museum., Today on Rover's Morning Glory: Rob quits, Comedian Brandon T Jackson, & more. , Do you like to vape it? - Bill Squire, This guy knows his rights. Well played! Warning: Crappy video but the audio is key!
http://www.wmms.com/onair/maria-236/this-guy-knows-his-rights-12847565/, Win a trip for you and a guest to attend a VIP party on the set of The Walking Dead!, Here's another cop making the boys in blue look bad. - Bill Squire, Spooky face appears in baby's hospital scan!
http://www.wmms.com/onair/maria-236/spooky-face-appears-in-babys-4d-12846963/, The Alan Cox Show 24-7: Expensive Pepperoni/Mansfield Reformatory/Are You Smarter Than a Dumbass. , MMA spinning moves compilation! MMA fans check out these slick moves!
http://www.wmms.com/onair/maria-236/mma-spinning-moves-compilation-12846721/, Spoon prank! Simple, stupid but made me laugh!
http://www.wmms.com/onair/maria-236/spoon-prank-12846648/, Win a pair of tickets to see Alter Bridge with California Breed & The Cringe on Wednesday, October 15th at Hard Rock Rocksino Northfield Park!
, Purchase presale tickets NOW through 10pm tonight to see Steel Panther on December 13th at Hard Rock Rocksino Northfield Park. , Win tickets to see Bob Seger with special guest The J. Geils Band Thursday, December 4th at Quicken Loans Arena., Today on Rover's Morning Glory: Artie Lange calls in, is being a stay at home mom hard, & more., Every one of these people must have a four-leaf clover in their ass.--AC, Register you & your partner to play 'Nailed It' with The Alan Cox Show!, So pumped!, These people meet porn stars in Spain and get to touch them however they'd like. - Bill Squire, One of the worst bids in The Price Is Right history. - Bill Squire 

http://www.wmms.com/onair/the-alan-cox-show-50360/this-price-is-right-contestant-makes-12843060/, Win a pair of tickets to see the Cleveland Cavaliers take on the Dallas Mavericks in preseason action on Friday, October 17th at Quicken Loans Arena. , The Alan Cox Show 24/7: Erika Wants Lip Injections/Comedian Steven Wright Calls In/Actor Stephen Collins in Trouble. , In one hour, watch as Sixx: A.M. takes the stage as part of their iHeartRadio Live Series show. The band will be sharing new music with you from their brand new album, ‘Modern Vintage’ , Tonight at 10pm iHeartRadio LIVE Presents a special performance & Q&A with Sixx:A.M. Live from the iHeartRadio Theater in Los Angeles.

Listen to WMMS on iHeartRadio: http://www.wmms.com/listen
, Today on Rover's Morning Glory: Could you get laid by asking a woman to have sex with you, Chardon Polka Band & more! , Mike Polk has a new video. - Bill Squire, This is the best thing to come out of Canada since Rob Ford. - Bill Squire, I'm so glad this isn't a vertical video. - Bill Squire , [iHeartRadio World Premiere] Get ready to rock out this morning! Take a listen to AC/DC's new song, "Play Ball”, Today on Rover's Morning Glory: Friends of the show died, Jeffrey recaps his son's birthday, & more. , Win tickets to see Bob Seger with special guest The J. Geils Band Thursday, December 4th at Quicken Loans Arena., This old lady panhandler gets a stern talking to from a guy that sees her driving a brand new car. - Bill Squire, I hope we get to see a lot more of these videos. - Bill Squire, John Oliver rules. - Bill Squire, Browns Win! Amazing! Hell of a game. - Bill Squire, Win a pair of tickets to see Hannibal Buress on October 12th at the Ohio Theatre at PlayhouseSquare. , 100.7 WMMS is now the FM Home of the Cleveland Cavaliers!  You'll hear LeBron and the Cavs in action all season, including preseason games, on WMMS!, This is not a clever prank. Just people getting shot in the face with whipped cream and then me laughing like an idiot. - Bill Squire, Today on Rover's Morning Glory: Boners and four skins, the hook up, & more. , The Alan Cox Show 24-7: Bill's Pin Ball Adventure/Erika Has Bad Luck/Are You Smarter Than a Dumbass? , We aren't on live today and the universe is punishing us with great stories like teacher threesomes and cheerleader sharts. - Bill Squire, This is amazing. - Bill Squire, This kid destroys a player twice his size. - Bill Squire, A camera is hidden in a bra and pretty much everyone looks at boobs. - Bill Squire, Clearly scripted, but still funny.--AC, Ah, dammit... I forgot to put it in PARK!--AC, The Alan Cox Show 24-7: Starbucks at the CIA/First Domestic Case of Ebola/Different Accents across the Country. , Big bumps inside AND outside of the car.--AC, Take advantage of the cooler temps and clear skies with a discount offer from Cleveland Metroparks Golf. Play 9 for $5 at Seneca Golf Course. , In episode 9 of "Bill Squire's (Perfect) Ten" I reveal my struggles with bed wetting. I was amazed by how many people told me they also wet the bed into their teens. - Bill Squire, Today on Rover's Morning Glory: Nick Carter, husbands watching porn, & more. , This is the one of the grossest things I've ever seen. - Bill Squire, Win a pair of tickets to see Hannibal Buress on October 12th at the Ohio Theatre at  PlayhouseSquare. , The Alan Cox Show 24:7: Expresso Compared to Coffee/Cheese or Font/Moose Can't Get Drunk. , "Daggering" or I as like to call it "Extreme Dry Humping" is a dance where people jump on each other from tables and chairs then simulate sex. Adding WWE commentary to these videos is the best thing you'll see today. It's amazing. - Bill Squire, Today on Rover's Morning Glory: Oklahoma beheading, Jeffrey's backyard wrestling, & more! , Take advantage of the cooler temps and clear skies with a discount offer from Cleveland Metroparks Golf. Play 9 for $5 at Seneca Golf Course. , This is ridiculous. I love Bill Hader. - Bill Squire, SNL knocks it out of the elevator with this sketch. - Bill Squire
, Win tickets to WWE Presents TLC – Tables, Ladders and Chairs on Pay Per View Sunday December 14th at Quicken Loans Arena!
, Today on Rover's Morning Glory: Obama's Brother, 50 percent of women have a back up guy, & more! , LeBron: My kids helped me decide to return to Cleveland. Watch the entire LeBron James press conference., Ellen is great. - Bill Squire, Some of these cars get some decent air and others needs repairs. - Bill Squire, Beautiful day! Stellar dental checkup! Celebrated by going topless and picked up a pack of Trident sugar free gum at my local store! - Maria, That's a HARD phone. - Bill Squire, The Alan Cox Show 24/7: Jimmy Johns Data Breach/Brooks Wheelan in the Studio/Shooting Blanks! , Today on Rover's Morning Glory: Comedian Brooks Wheelan, The Hook Up, & more. , LeBron talks about Dan Gilbert and coming back to Cleveland. - Bill Squire, This is my favorite "Bad Lip Reading" so far. - Bill Squire, He thinks they've gone to commercial and uses some coarse language. - Bill Squire, Win court-side seats to the Cleveland Cavaliers Wine & Gold Scrimmage Wednesday, October 1st at Quicken Loans Arena. , The Alan Cox Show 24/7: How Fat Guys Last Longer in Bed/Comedian Mike Farrell Calls in/Drunk or a Kid. , Bo Burnham's new music video for "Repeat Stuff' is hilarious. - Bill Squire, Today on Rover's Morning Glory: Jeffrey's dinner, Dieter and Rob getting hazed, & more! , Fart. Metal. - Bill Squire, Watching tattoo needles in slow motion is mesmerizing. - Bill Squire, The Alan Cox Show 24/7: Bringing Conventions to Cleveland/ Buying and Assembling Furniture/Ikea or Death Metal? , This girl has skills. - Bill Squire, Today on Rover's Morning Glory: Man has 100 orgasms a day, Henry Rollins (2.13.61) & more! , The Alan Cox Show 24/7: The Oldest Bar in Ohio/Ramon Rivas II in the Studio/How to Navigate a Roundabout. , Come play some beersbee and win kick ass prizes from Yuengling. - Bill Squire, German shepherd springs his pal from crate! Love this!
http://www.wmms.com/onair/maria-236/german-shepherd-springs-his-pal-from-12793028/, This cop is a dick. Luckily this guy caught him on video. - Bill Squire, Piece of sh*t caught on security cam throwing unwanted dog over fence! I get enraged when people hurt kids, the elderly and animals!
http://www.wmms.com/onair/maria-236/pos-throw-unwanted-dog-over-security-12792795/, Women in restaurant go ballistic over wanting a Guinness! (NSFW)
http://www.wmms.com/onair/maria-236/women-in-restaurant-freak-out-over-12792823/, I love the idea of throwing Skittles at a gay wedding. - Bill Squire, That thing is probably full of vodka & turnips!--AC, It's almost time for The Alan Cox Show - tune in as they recap the Worst Shrimp From the Weekend, plus they'll recap Friday's bar crawl in Akron, and comedian Ramon Rivas is stopping by!  Tune in!  wmms.com/listen, She got a third boob implant to gross guys out but hearing her talk is way more effective. - Bill Squire, High school running back's enthusiastic interview!
http://www.wmms.com/onair/maria-236/high-school-football-players-epic-speech-12787641/, Vehicle barge! One way to get your truck across the water!
http://www.wmms.com/onair/maria-236/vehicle-barge-12787702/, Win court-side seats to the Cleveland Cavaliers Wine & Gold Scrimmage Wednesday, October 1st at Quicken Loans Arena., Budweiser knows if you want to get peoples attention you have to use animals. - Bill Squire, Maybe she was high?--AC, Weezer rocked the stage at our #iHeartRadio Music Festival! Photos & more! , Weezer rockin' the stage right now at thr #iHeartRadio Music Festival. Watch it here now!, Weezer takes the stage soon in the #iHeartRadio Music Festival! Watch it live here! , In one hour, music history will be made again when night #2 of the #iHeartRadio Music Festival begins! Watch all the incredible performances LIVE here:  , On Rover's Morning Glory: New iPhone, Alibaba stock, Jay Paterno & More! , PHOTOS: Motley Crue Sets The House On Fire At Our #IHeartRadio Music Festival!, Motley Crue takes the stage soon during the #iHeartRadio Music Festival! Watch it live here! , Motley Crue takes the stage later tonight during the #iHeartRadio Music Festival! Watch it live here: , New CLE-Vage! - Bill Squire, Remember to log out. - Bill Squire, The Alan Cox Show 24/7: School Bus Driver In Trouble/Sarah Colonna in studio/Are You Smarter Than A Dumbass?  , Illegal use of hands but he's not complaining. - Bill Squire, These guys are awesome. - Bill Squire, What's the Aussie equivalent of "jagoff"?--AC, Even more hot chicks that got arrested! Bad girls are the best!, Awesome! - Bill Squire, A little easter egg from JJ Abrams. - Bill Squire, This sheep isn't happy with this drunk man's tom foolery. - Bill Squire, The only thing Clevelanders like more than the Browns is funny songs about the Browns. - Bill Squire, One of the best scenes from the newest X-Men. - Bill Squire, The Alan Cox Show 24/7: Kid Ruins a Customers Pizza/Friends Prank Goes Terribly Wrong/Shooting Blanks.  , These kids have their childhood ruined faster than you can say "Cowabunga!". - Bill Squire, Hot chicks that got arrested!  You've been a BAAAAAAD girl!  , Kmart does it again. - Bill Squire, Finally the list we've all been waiting for..., Today on Rover's Morning Glory: Dieter gets whipped, Duji's nanny payments & more! , I would love to get into this. - Bill Squire, Columbia woman's cycling team uniform fail! See the full uniforms here! Yikes!
http://www.wmms.com/onair/maria-236/columbia-womens-cycling-team-uniform-fail-12774492/, Guy on motorcycle amazingly survives crash with car!
http://www.wmms.com/onair/maria-236/motorcyclist-amazingly-survives-crash-with-car-12774308/, Lab determined to "rescue" boy having fun in water.  Gotta love retrievers!
http://www.wmms.com/onair/maria-236/dog-rescues-boy-from-having-fun-12774089/, The Alan Cox Show 24/7: Skinny Jeans at the Browns Game/Cops Infringing your Rights/Drunk or Kid. , This kid is just happy to get anything. - Bill Squire, This lady is quite upset. - Bill Squire, Today on Rover's Morning Glory: Rover's boat trip, Rob's new girlfriend & more! , Arachnid porn!--AC, This guy dresses like a nerd and asks random black people if he can freestyle for them. Gotta love their reactions. - Bill Squire, LOVE THIS! - Bill Squire, Today on Rover's Morning Glory: Ball Rag and Rover make a bet, Chris Heben accused of lying, & more! , Maybe next time he should just ask everyone to put their hands up. - Bill Squire, This guy is homeless but he stays off the streets by hooking up with girls. I think he might be my hero. - Bill Squire, Win a pair of tickets and a meet & greet w/ Rise Against on 9/25! , 16 Things That Don't Exist Anymore...., 20 Common Passwords You Should Not Be Using! 


, I know this probably isn't real but it sounds the same to me. - Bill Squire, Watch these fashion fans comment on some of their favorite designers like Chandler Bing and Betsy Ross. - Bill Squire


http://www.wmms.com/onair/the-alan-cox-show-50360/jimmy-kimmel-exposes-fashion-week-phonies-12759785/, Usually when a Family Feud clip goes viral it's because someone says something outrageous. This isn't one of those clips. Maybe I'm sick in the head but I laughed really hard at this. - Bill Squire, Last call! The Online Auction ends TODAY at 1:00 PM! Don't miss the chance to bid on some great items! Bid Now! http://www.bidoncleveland.com, This kid is the best. - Bill Squire 

http://www.wmms.com/onair/the-alan-cox-show-50360/ellen-meets-the-apparently-kid-12757062/, WATCH: Alien Ant Farm performs 'Movies' in studio on Rover's Morning Glory! #iHeartRAVE iHeartRadio Monster Products 
, Bidding for our September Online Auction closes TOMORROW at 1pm! Don't miss your chance to save big $$$! You can save on restaurants, vacation packages, golf packages, fitness & more! Bid now: http://www.bidoncleveland.com, We just played this on the show. IMO the best thing Taintsmasher has done. It's so good. - Bill Squire, Impressive! - Bill Squire, You better have at least 6 to get K-Rippa where she wants to go. - Bill Squire, Love The Sandlot insults. - Bill Squire 

http://www.wmms.com/onair/the-alan-cox-show-50360/top-10-funniest-movie-insults-12752985/, Purchase presale tickets NOW-10pm tonight to see Chrissie Hynde on November 13th at Akron Civic Theatre., I'm ready to go back to a land line and a swatch. - Bill Squire, If you buy tickets to see Brian Regan at Playhouse Square and use promo code "SQUIRE" you get $5 off and if 300 people do it I get to open for my hero and one of the greatest comics of all time. - Bill Squire, This barista claims that he is spelling names wrong on purpose. I will use that same excuse to explain my constant typos and poor grammar. - Bill Squire, Source says that an unplanned biopsy led to the death of Joan Rivers. , This guy is lucky to be alive. - Bill Squire, 7 week old baby boy hears for the first time! Beautifully amazing!
http://www.wmms.com/onair/maria-236/7-week-old-boy-hears-for-12747955/, Oops goes the motorcycle! Ouch!
http://www.wmms.com/onair/maria-236/oops-goes-the-motorcycle-12747733/, Screaming, angry old people are the best!--AC, Win a pair of tickets and a meet & greet w/Rise Against on 9/25! , I think it means "Richard Thanks" in Italian.--AC, Women's volley ball impressive nearly 1.5 minute rally!
http://www.wmms.com/onair/maria-236/womens-volley-ball-nearly-15-minute-rally-incredible-12747484/, This is better than most summer blockbusters!. - Bill Squire, The Online Auction is back now through this Friday at 1 pm. Check out great items up for bid! You can save $$$ on restaurants, vacation packages, golf packages, fitness & more! Bid Now! http://www.bidoncleveland.com, The marching band is going to be the only reason to watch OSU this season. - Bill Squire, Today on The Alan Cox Show, we'll recap the Worst Shrimp From the Weekend, say Goodbye to Earth, tell you more reasons why Florida Sucks, and play Drunk or Kid at 6p!  Tune in!  , This made me want an NES again. - Bill Squire, Apparently the knockout game has evolved. - Bill Squire, Between this karate kick and the Browns almost winning this was an opening day to remember. - Bill Squire, This got him a two game suspension. Should have got him a few years in jail. - Bill Squire, Win a pair of tickets to see Nick Swardson on 9/11 at Hard Rock Rocksino Northfield Park! , Amazing! - Bill Squire, IT's an action packed day on the Alan Cox Show:  Comedian Andy Hendrickson stops by at 3:20, Wrestler Colt Cabana comes in at 4:20, "Guns, Guns, Guns", plus urologist Dr. Ryan Berglund will field your calls about problems in the strike zone starting at 5:20!  Tune in now! , Fleetwood RACK! Get it? - Bill Squire , Win a pair of tickets and a meet & greet w/ Rise Against on 9/25 at Jacobs Pavilion at Nautica!, I would sh!t my pants if I saw this on the street at night. So funny! - Bill Squire, RIP Joan Rivers. , Coming up on the Alan Cox Show today: Guns, Guns, Guns, This Week in Racism, Comedian Jake Johannsen stops by ay 4:20, and we'll play a rousing game of Drunk or Kid at 6p!  Fire up your radios and smart telephonic devices - it's almost showtime!, Autistic Bay Village teen duped into phony ALS Ice Bucket Challenge!  Turned out to be a mix of bodily fluids. Despicable!
http://www.wmms.com/onair/maria-236/autistic-bay-village-student-duped-into-12733644, Guy does an amazing job walking his pack!
http://www.wmms.com/onair/maria-236/guy-does-an-amazing-job-of-walking-his-pack-12733458/, How to load your bobcat onto your pickup! Here's one way to do it!
http://www.wmms.com/onair/maria-236/how-to-load-your-bobcat-onto-your-pickup-12733378/, Terry Crews is a kick ass artist. - Bill Squire 

http://www.wmms.com/onair/the-alan-cox-show-50360/terry-crews-is-a-talented-man-12732163/, Win a pair of tickets to see Nick Swardson on 9/11 at Hard Rock Rocksino Northfield Park! , I'm sure some people had their hands in their pants.--AC, Want to win a trip to the SOLD OUT iHeartRadio Music Festival in Vegas?

It’s easy: just give our friends at iHeartRadio a like on Facebook, by clicking the ‘like’ button if you don’t already like them, and enter to win right here: , Great advice. - Bill Squire, Win a pair of tickets to see Nick Swardson on September 11th at Hard Rock Rocksino Northfield Park!, Win a pair of tickets to see Rise Against on September 25th at Jacobs Pavilion at Nautica and a meet & greet with the band!, Today on The Alan Cox Show a new installment of Bill's Erotic Lit, More Ebola Updates, Why Florida Sucks, plus we'll play Shootin' Blanks at 6p!  Tune in now!  wmms.com/listen , So many questions. - Bill Squire, NOT a Beggin' Strips commercial.--AC, This cat can't believe what it sees. - Bill Squire, This guy has some real talent. - Bill Squire, A bunch of guys dressed like cartoon characters beat up another driver.This video looks like it is set up but it's still ridiculous enough to watch. - Bill Squire, Ecstasy and a well placed safety harness make this a ride she'll never forget. - Bill Squire, RIP Jimi Jamison, lead singer of Survivor., This is one of the best scare videos I've ever seen. - Bill Squire, Vote for which movie should be The Alan Cox Show's Listener Choice for the Late Shift movie screening with The Cleveland Cinemas for the chance to win a dinner and a movie! , This kid has more talent in his big toe than Miley Cyrus has in her whole body. - Bill Squire, This video contains language that isn't safe for work or school. - Bill Squire, The Alan Cox Show on Demand on iHeartRadio: "Cops" Camera Man Gets Shot, Ebola And Other Problems, LeAnn Rimes's Rape Comment and more! Listen now!, When test driving a scooter it's important to remember that even if you don't crash you look like a tool. Luckily this guy crashes. - Bill Squire, Vote for which movie should be The Alan Cox Show's Listener Choice for the Late Shift movie screening with The Cleveland Cinemas for the chance to win a dinner and a movie!, This video is way more watchable this way. - Bill Squire, Bus driver caught on cam smoking weed pipe before crash!
http://www.wmms.com/onair/maria-236/bus-driver-caught-on-cam-smoking-12715512/, How to peel, core and slice a pineapple like a champ!
http://www.wmms.com/onair/maria-236/how-to-peel-core-and-slice-12715411/, A guy comes out things get heated. - Bill Squire, Rover's Morning Glory On Demand On iHeartRadio: Jeffrey's Stunt Plane Ride, Pat O'Brien and more! Listen now!, The Alan Cox Show On Demand on iHeartRadio: Alan's Camping Trip Conflict, Michael Sam's Shower Controversy and more!, Remember this video if you take a vacation this winter. - Bill Squire, New Johnny Manziel Snickers commercial! Johnny Jamboogie!
http://www.wmms.com/onair/maria-236/johnny-manziel-snickers-commercial-12714903/, Can't be mad at a kid this sharp.--AC, Find out how JLR's flight went! , I love this kid! - Bill Squire, Cleveland's never looked so good. - Bill Squire, A 99 pack of beer! Holy shmoly someone's done it!
http://www.wmms.com/onair/maria-236/a-99-pack-of-beer-holy-12711348/, Today on the Alan Cox Show - Why Florida Sucks: ISIS Edition, a brand new Bill's Erotic Lit, plus Weed Fights, Pot Sodas, and we'll play Cheese or Font at 6p!  Tune in! www.wmms.com/listen, Hammy's "Forget About the Bunt" call on Zach Walter's home run last night! Asdrubal who?
http://www.wmms.com/onair/maria-236/hammys-forget-about-the-bunt-call-on-zach-walters-home-run-12711263/, This video cuts off before he is killed but what an awful story. - Bill Squire, Rover's Morning Glory on Demand on iHeartRadio: Surprise for Jeffrey, JB Smoove and more! Listen now! , These ladies start poppin' off and almost poppin' out. - Bill Squire, The Alan Cox Show on Demand on iHeartRadio: Gay Mystery Novellas/VMA Fails/Drunk Or Kid? & More! Listen now!  , Newest episode of my web series "Bill Squire's (Perfect) Ten" is up. 

Give it a watch. - Bill Squire 

http://www.wmms.com/onair/the-alan-cox-show-50360/bill-squires-perfect-ten-episode-8-better-not-good-12707515/, Six year old boy walks away unharmed after being run over by car!
http://www.wmms.com/onair/maria-236/six-year-old-boy-walks-away-12707519/, A bunch of naked people get tasered in slow motion. - Bill Squire, Driver confronts woman who hits parked car then parks in handicap spot!
http://www.wmms.com/onair/maria-236/whos-the-ahole-here-12707447/, Rover's Morning Glory On Demand On iHeartRadio: Alien Ant Farm, Rover's dying cat & more! Listen now! , I don't think that camo is working.--AC, Happy National Day! Be extra special good to your pooch today!
http://www.wmms.com/onair/maria-236/happy-national-dog-day-12707280/, Check out this recap of the Emmys including Julia Louis-Dreyfus making out with Bryan Cranston and a terrific performance by "Weird Al" Yankovic. - Bill Squire, ICYMI: Bill Squire on Laughs 
 http://www.wmms.com/onair/n-a-50360/bill-squire-on-laughs-12703048/, Rover's Morning Glory on Demand on iHeartRadio: B2's birthday, parents turn in daughter for sexting and more! Listen now!, Wow. - Bill Squire, This lady has a faceplant for the ages. - Bill Squire, Playmates take the ALS Ice Bucket Challenge!
http://www.wmms.com/onair/maria-236/playmates-take-the-ice-bucket-challenge-12703259/, null, Speed boat flips doing in excess of 150 mph! Holy sh*t! (NSFW)
http://www.wmms.com/onair/maria-236/speed-boat-flips-in-excess-of-150-mph-nsfw-12703174/, I was on TV. I know most of the people on this page don't care but I am pretty happy about it. - Bill Squire, The Alan Cox Show On Demand on iHeartRadio: George Takei Calls In/Is America Ready For ISIS?/78 Year Old Gang Banger & More! Listen now!, Ever been this drunk? - Bill Squire, On RMG now - What did Rover buy on impulse? http://www.wmms.com/listen/, Are you getting enough sleep? - Bill Squire

http://www.wmms.com/onair/the-alan-cox-show-50360/how-much-sleep-do-you-really-need-12698072/, Mitch Fatel and his wife stop by The Alan Cox Show 

http://www.wmms.com/onair/the-alan-cox-show-50360/mitch-fatel-and-his-wife-jessica-hit-on-erika-12698331/, You'll never get tired of this.--AC, Artie Lange visits the Tonight Show and regales Jimmy Fallon with stories of strippers, drugs, and clapping. - Bill Squire

, This kid falls for the oldest trick in the book. - Bill Squire , Rover's Morning Glory On Demand On iHeartRadio: #ALS Icy Hot Challenge, Rover's Vacation, & More! Listen now!, Maybe buy the ladder first?--AC, Giant grouper swallows 4 ft shark in one gulp! Like Jaws, I think they're going to need a bigger boat!
http://www.wmms.com/onair/maria-236/giant-grouper-swallows-shark-in-one-gulp-12697266/, The Alan Cox Show On Demand on iHeartRadio: Guns v. Knives/@Mitch Mitch Fatel In-Studio/Rapper Argues Live Argument On CNN, I'll have a side of dystentery!--AC, Listen as Dieter trumps the Ice Bucket challenge with the Icy Hot challenge. Where's he planning to put it? , Where is Rover taking B2 on vaca? Listen now , Rover's Morning Glory On Demand On iHeartRadio: Mitch Fatel, this week's Hook-Up, Duji nominates others on the show to do the Ice Bucket Challenge and more! Listen now! , Here's the video of the police taking down the guy with the knife in St. Louis. - Bill Squire, Paul Stanley gives props to Cleveland and WMMS in his recent interview with Cleveland Scene Magazine! Pretty cool that after 40 years in the biz, he still remembers 'MMS as THE station in Cleveland! , These dinosaur costumes they use for pranks are great. - Bill Squire, Today on The Alan Cox Show: Why Florida Sucks, Comedian Mitch Fatel stops by, More Ebola updates, and we'll play Golf Course or Old Folks Home!  Tune in! www.wmms.com/listen, Lightning strike nearly hits woman! Holy crap!
http://www.wmms.com/onair/maria-236/lightning-strike-nearly-hits-woman-caught-12693654/, Oscar the vizsla doesn't like mornings! I feel you pal!
http://www.wmms.com/onair/maria-236/oscar-the-vizsla-doesnt-like-mornings-12693675/, Ice Bucket Challenge after wisdom teeth removal, not a good idea!
http://www.wmms.com/onair/maria-236/ice-bucket-challenge-after-wisdom-teeth-12693666, Allegedly a hacker and frequent user of 4/chan (a picture sharing website that is known for trolling and dark humor) accessed a classroom's closed circuit surveillance cameras and the public address system. The hacker proceeded to play the audio of what sounds like pornography over the PA. - Bill Squire, On RMG now - Will Duji siss out of the Ice Bucket Challenge? , Rover's Morning Glory  On Demand On iHeartRadio: Michael Brown Surveillance Video, Rover's Shoulder & More! Listen here now! , Nick Offerman is truly great. - Bill Squire, Coming up on The Alan Cox Show - another sensual Bill's Erotic Lit tale, comedian Mike Farrell stops by the show at 4:20, and we'll play a rousing game of Are You Smarter Than a Dumbass!  Tune in! , A "hot" Metallica - Enter Sandman Cover!
http://www.wmms.com/onair/maria-236/a-hot-metallica-enter-sandman-cover-12689754, Yes it has sex in it but I wouldn't call it sexy...or music. - Bill Squire, Catch up on yesterday's episode of The Alan Cox Show to hear bad news for the Pope, more on the situation in Ferguson, Drunk or Kid...and more! , Bryan Cranston and Aaron Paul are back together. I want this to be a real show. - Bill Squire, This is one of the most incredible things you will ever see. - Bill Squire, Thoughts about Brian Hoyer starting in the opener against the Steelers?, Will Rover do the baseball challenge? Bet with a listener still on? Tune in now, Win tickets to see the Cleveland Gladiators: AF1 in ARENABOWL XXVII Saturday, August 23rd at Quicken Loans Arena verse the Arizona Rattlers., Win a family 4 pack of tickets to the Cleveland Oktoberfest festival Labor Day Weekend at the Cuyahoga County Fairgrounds., The Foo Fighters ice bucket challenge is worth watching. - Bill Squire, Coming up today on The Alan Cox Show: More Ferguson updates, This Week in Racism, Food News: Rowdy chicken & rabbit steaks, plus we'll play Drunk or Kid at 6p!  Tune in!, Listen to the full episode of today's Rover's Morning Glory to hear  why Rover thinks Rob is seeing his ex again, more talk on the rioting in Ferguson, Tech Tuesday and more!  , Maybe he was just offended by the other team's name...--AC
, The ice bucket challenge is actually pretty entertaining when everything goes wrong. - Bill Squire 

http://www.wmms.com/onair/the-alan-cox-show-50360/ice-bucket-challenge-fails-make-it-all-worth-itthe-7-million-thats-been-raised-is-also-good-12683580/, Listen to the full episode of today's Rover's Morning Glory to hear about Rob's threesome, Jeffrey's dinner with a stripper, why women cheat, and as always much, much more! , I want these to hide snacks. - Bill Squire, Mountain biker wipes out little kid! The little boy takes it like a trooper!
http://www.wmms.com/onair/maria-236/mountain-biker-vs-little-kid-12680774/, Miss Texas throws out first pitch! Just a bit outside!
http://www.wmms.com/onair/maria-236/miss-texas-throws-out-first-pitch-12680641/, Trucker saves woman and 1 yr old granddaughter from fiery crash!
http://www.wmms.com/onair/maria-236/trucker-saves-woman-and-1-yr-12680443/, Girl riding on motorcycle shows her "assets"!
http://www.wmms.com/onair/maria-236/girl-on-motorcycle-shows-her-assets-12680409/, iHeartRadio World Premiere: Nickelback is back with a new track called, “Edge of a Revolution”: , John Oliver said "If the cops want to blend in to their surroundings in Ferguson, MO they should be dressed like a dollar store." and a bunch of other hilarious stuff. - Bill Squire 

, REMINDER! Be sure to tune in tomorrow morning at 9am for a special announcement! http://www.wmms.com/listen, Don't forget to tune into WMMS tomorrow morning at 9am for a special announcement! http://www.wmms.com/listen, Tune into WMMS Monday morning at 9 am for a special announcement!  http://www.wmms.com/listen, Win tickets to see The Black Keys September 6th at the Quicken Loans Arena!  http://bit.ly/XnQcmM, This guy's kayak is sinking and he can't handle it. - Bill Squire, Here's the pilot Christopher Titus was talking about on The Alan Cox Show today. Check him out at Pickwick & Frolic/Hilarities 4th Street Theatre this weekend. - Bill Squire, Romania knows how to party! - Bill Squire, Do you see Bruce Lee? Wait for it!
http://www.wmms.com/onair/maria-236/do-you-see-bruce-lee-12674927/, Woman's tirade after almost accident! Holy crap she's got some issues! (NSFW)
http://www.wmms.com/onair/maria-236/womans-tirade-after-almost-accident-nsfw-12674899/, Boaterhome! This rocks, I want one!
http://www.wmms.com/onair/maria-236/boaterhome-i-want-one-12674786/, The Raiders and Cowboys get into a massive brawl during a scrimmage. - Bill Squire, No selfie zone prank! Ha!
http://www.wmms.com/onair/maria-236/no-selfie-zone-prank-12670744/, Magician tries to sell weed to cop! See how it goes!
http://www.wmms.com/onair/maria-236/magician-tries-to-sell-weed-to-12670691/, Bus crashes into house after being hit by SUV! 
http://www.wmms.com/onair/maria-236/bus-crashes-into-house-after-being-12670582, Veterans confront manager of restaurant flying the American flag upside down!
http://www.wmms.com/onair/maria-236/veterans-confront-manager-of-fast-food-12670557/, This guy uses an ultraviolet camera to show people how damaged their skin is by the sun. The difference between healthy and damaged skin is pretty astounding. Sunscreen has never looked so good. - Bill Squire, Enjoy a little SEXTual healing. - Bill Squire, I hate the verbal fry. - Bill Squire, This guys reaction to his son's request to lock the door is hilarious. - Bill Squire, This state trooper saves this apparent bridge jumper. - Bill Squire, Michigan WR sucker punches guy outside of Ann Arbor bar. All I can say is "Go Bucks"
http://www.wmms.com/onair/maria-236/michigan-wide-receiver-sucker-punches-man-12666854/, Tribe players use tarp as giant slip n' slide during last night's rain delay!
http://www.wmms.com/onair/maria-236/tribe-players-amuse-themselves-and-fans-12666772, UH Rainbow doctor's tribute to Robin Williams!
http://www.wmms.com/onair/maria-236/uh-rainbow-doctors-tribute-to-robin-12666591/, Delivery fails compilation!
http://www.wmms.com/onair/maria-236/fedex-delivery-fails-compilation-12666650/, Son surprises mom with her dream car! What would your dream car be?
http://www.wmms.com/onair/maria-236/son-surprises-mom-with-dream-car-12666397/, Comcast customer service just gets worse and worse. - Bill Squire, Norm MacDonald recounts the time he met the "Funniest Man In The World". - Bill Squire, Can't wait for football and can't wait for The League. - Bill Squire, Last day to register for your shot to experience the Professional Bull Riders from a shark cage in the center of the dirt floor with bulls bucking around you! , On this episode of "Louie" Robin Williams and Louis CK attend the funeral of a comedy club owner. They make a pact that very haunting on this day. - Bill Squire, Mother saves child that falls on tracks!
http://www.wmms.com/onair/maria-236/mother-saves-child-that-falls-on-12662399/, Girl has her own airbags! Guys, this one's for you!
http://www.wmms.com/onair/maria-236/girl-has-her-own-airbags-12662489/, If you're confused, she's the one in the turtleneck, not the saddle.--AC, Poop found in medical pot brings to mind this Cheech and Chong scene (NSFW)
http://www.wmms.com/onair/maria-236/poop-found-in-medical-pot-nsfw-12662283/, On this episode of Catfish... - Bill Squire, Here are a few clips of some classic Robin Williams moments. - Bill Squire, PHOTOS: Remembering Robin Williams with some of his most memorable roles! Which was your fav? http://bit.ly/1nLf2lD, So sad! Robin Williams found dead! http://www.wmms.com/articles/national-news-104668/breaking-news-robin-williams-found-dead-12659102, BREAKING NEWS! Actor Robin Williams is dead of apparent suicide! More details to follow!, I would probably barf. - Bill Squire, Man cut in half prank1 Great illusion!
http://www.wmms.com/onair/maria-236/man-cut-in-half-prank-12657797/, Ohio postal worker tosses mail in dumpster!
http://www.wmms.com/onair/maria-236/ohio-postal-worker-at-her-finest-12657876/, I thought Johnny Manziel and Brian Hoyer looked decent. The WR situation is what has me concerned. - Bill Squire, Man rolls through drive thru on gurney! Loves his Mickey D's!
http://www.wmms.com/onair/maria-236/man-rolls-through-drive-thru-on-12657060/, Rottweiler rescues chihuahua from coyote! Like a good neighbor, rottie is there!
http://www.wmms.com/onair/maria-236/rottweiler-rescues-chihuahua-from-coyote-12657110, Don't people watch racing for the accidents?--AC, Cement truck driver doesn't give a F!
http://www.wmms.com/onair/maria-236/cement-truck-driver-doesnt-give-a-f-12657031/, Register for your shot to experience the Professional Bull Riders from a shark cage in the center of the dirt floor with bulls bucking around you!, Bengals QB Matt Scott pukes on the field during last night's preseason game. Reports are coming in that the puking was a reaction to Andy Dalton's new contract. - Bill Squire , Kevin Love Minnesota Jersey burnning!
http://www.wmms.com/onair/maria-236/kevin-love-minnesota-jersey-burning-12651882/, I love Helen Mirren. - Bill Squire, These guys are lucky to be alive. - Bill Squire, I love Peter Frampton for this. - Bill Squire, World's largest urban zipline!
http://www.wmms.com/onair/maria-236/worlds-largest-urban-zipline-12647944/, We all knew this was coming. , This guy films his wife making a snack she calls "Grilled Cheeses". - Bill Squire, Cat tends to sick dog! Precious!
http://www.wmms.com/onair/maria-236/cat-tends-to-sick-dog-12647508/, Register for your shot to experience the Professional Bull Riders from a shark cage in the center of the dirt floor with bulls bucking around you!  , If I were there, I'd be pawing at her too.--AC, Interview of guy who threw massive party! My favorite part is at the :33 mark.
http://www.wmms.com/onair/maria-236/interview-of-guy-who-threw-huge-12647335/, The "Smile B*tch Training Camp"! (NSFW) In case you need a smile today!
http://www.wmms.com/onair/maria-236/the-smile-btch-training-camp-nsfw-12646942/, SHOCK: Woman Catches Husband Molesting 7-Year-Old Daughter, Sets Him On Fire! YOU GO GIRL! http://bit.ly/1pEbTrM, Purchase presale tickets NOW until 10pm to see Artie Lange at the Hard Rock Rocksino Northfield Park on October 18th!, This isn't news, it's just an excuse to look at naked girls. - Bill Squire, This is awesome. - Bill Squire, Here are simple steps to write a hit song. - Bill Squire, I never had a teacher anywhere near as hot as these ladies. - Bill Squire, Soldier adopts dog that save his life! I salute you and Layka the dog!
http://www.wmms.com/onair/maria-236/soldier-adopts-dog-that-saved-his-12643392/, Shark throws up in guys face!
http://www.wmms.com/onair/maria-236/shark-throws-up-in-guys-face-12643120/, Passengers push train to free man's leg! Well done!
http://www.wmms.com/onair/maria-236/passengers-push-train-to-free-mans-12643181/, Here's Chris Pratt doing Eminem's verse from "Forgot About Dre" with the actual beat under it. - Bill Squire, Farmer's trombone cattle call! See how many join in!
http://www.wmms.com/onair/maria-236/play-til-the-cows-come-home-12642923/, Babies are cowards. - Bill Squire 

http://www.wmms.com/onair/the-alan-cox-show-50360/man-locks-himself-in-his-car-to-prove-babies-and-dogs-are-wussies-12633803/, Check out this episode if you want. - Bill Squire, We asked Clevelanders to show us their ink. 
PHOTOS: http://bit.ly/1pWuv3C, Win a pair of tickets to see the Cleveland Gladiators: AF1 take on the Orlando Predators in the Playoff Conference Finals Sunday, August 10th at Quicken Loans Arena, Chris Pratt is the full package. - Bill Squire, Drive Thru monkey prank! I want a monkey!
http://www.wmms.com/onair/maria-236/drive-thru-monkey-prank-12638574/, Surfing with a seal! Cool stuff!
http://www.wmms.com/onair/maria-236/surfing-with-a-seal-12638387/, Not sure how you vote for this girl, but it's still a good mental health break- AC, Today is the 13th Anniversary of the "Comeback" at the Jake! Watch as Tom Hamilton calls the impossible return!
http://www.wmms.com/onair/maria-236/13th-anniversary-of-the-comeback-at-12638358, This guy puts on gloves full of poisonous ants and experiences "The Worst Pain Known To Man". - Bill Squire, Who says gingers aren't cool?--AC, [iHeartRadio World Premiere] Get your first listen to Sixx: A.M.’s new track, “Gotta Get It Right”. Let us know what you think!, Bad Mom. - Bill Squire, Godsmack fans! In one hour, the band will take the stage as part of the iHeartRadio Live Series in NYC. 

Watch and rock out with some of Godsmack’s new music and old favorites: , This guy goes out of control and thankfully it's all caught on video. - Bill Squire, If you're planning on a rooftop getaway make sure the rooftops are in a country with strict building codes. - Bill Squire, Pornless Porn! (NSFW)
http://www.wmms.com/onair/maria-236/from-the-director-of-guardians-of-12634226, How to get rid of a drunk neighbor! (NSFW)
http://www.wmms.com/onair/maria-236/how-to-get-rid-of-a-drunk-neighbor-nsfw-12633912/, Louie the dog makes his own dinner. Only I know how to make it right, thank you!
http://www.wmms.com/onair/maria-236/louie-the-dog-makes-his-own-dinner-12633804/, A woman throws a fit and is removed from a US Airways flight. The cause of her tantrum is unknown but there is speculation that it was caused by improper armrest etiquette. - Bill Squire, 17 Ridiculous Stripper Names We Wish Were Real!  http://bit.ly/1xMdCwQ, Cat mosh pit!
http://www.wmms.com/onair/maria-236/cat-mosh-pit-12628403/, Baby deer likes belly rubs, doesn't want guy to put it down.
http://www.wmms.com/onair/maria-236/baby-deer-likes-belly-rubs-12628362/, Check out Chris Pratt talking about showing his co-worker his hog. - Bill Squire

http://www.wmms.com/onair/the-alan-cox-show-50360/chris-pratt-tells-seth-meyers-about-the-time-he-showed-amy-poehler-his-weiner-12627505/, This is a simple breakdown of women and how to find your wife. - Bill Squire, A couple foursomes remain for the 2014 Rover’s Morning Glory golf outing!  Get yours now! , Not sure how much you should tip? Check out 17 Tips On Tipping! Those who work in the service industry will love you for it! http://bit.ly/1s70ge2, Floppy disk! Hard drive! --AC, How to sneak into a hotel pool party! Complete with zombie scene! (NSFW)
http://www.wmms.com/onair/maria-236/how-to-sneak-into-a-hotel-12624142/, Lenny Kravitz crashes choir in New Orleans!
http://www.wmms.com/onair/maria-236/lenny-kravitz-crashes-choir-in-new-12624017/, woman rescues wounded dog on highway! Well done!
http://www.wmms.com/onair/maria-236/woman-rescues-wounded-dog-on-freeway-12623993/, When this guy's wife decided against a pregnancy photo shoot for herself, he hired a photographer to take maternity photos of him! Warning: These photos can't be unseen (but they are pretty funny)! 

See Justin's Maternity Photos >> http://bit.ly/1oQFAqA, A man-made biological leaf that produces oxygen could be used to colonize space. - Bill Squire, Crackheads In Cars Getting Coffee.--AC, This is Aunt Fee and she needs her own cooking show immediately. - Bill Squire, Ain't nothin' like a little fun in with the best bums under the sun! 

Beach Booties! >> http://bit.ly/1nUtGge, Mysterious woman in black, on a mission or just mentally ill?
http://www.wmms.com/onair/maria-236/mysterious-woman-in-black-was-in-ohio-12619826/, Little girl doesn't want baby brother to grow up!
http://www.wmms.com/onair/maria-236/little-girl-doesnt-want-baby-brother-12619470/, 19 Creepy Animals You Didn't Know Existed! http://bit.ly/UzlVQ1, 2 Dobermans, 1 slide, 2 different techniques!
http://www.wmms.com/onair/maria-236/2-dobermans-1-slide-12619450/, Women escape death on railroad bridge!
http://www.wmms.com/onair/maria-236/women-escape-death-on-railroad-bridge-12619350/, These guys have farmed cocoa beans their whole lives and never had chocolate. - Bill Squire  

http://www.wmms.com/onair/the-alan-cox-show-50360/ivory-coast-cocoa-farmers-taste-chocolate-for-the-first-time-12615630/, Fight breaks out at Brown's training camp! Whole team joins in to break it up!
http://www.wmms.com/onair/maria-236/fight-breaks-out-at-browns-training-camp-12618881/, Shocking before and after photos of meth addiction! Just say NO kids! http://bit.ly/1qIPEVo, He tries to play it off like he wasn't scared. - Bill Squire, Time lapse of big ship navigating the Cuyahoga! Cool stuff!
http://www.wmms.com/onair/maria-236/time-lapse-of-ship-navigating-the-12615247/, Guy in Mustang has a bad day!
http://www.wmms.com/onair/maria-236/guy-in-mustang-has-a-bad-12615009/, Why mutts are better!
http://www.wmms.com/onair/maria-236/why-mutts-are-better-12615035/, A Belfast blonde moment! (NSFW)
http://www.wmms.com/onair/maria-236/a-belfast-blonde-moment-nsfw-12615055/, Whoopi Goldberg uses logic and reason on The View which seems to fall on deaf ears. - Bill Squire, I like to call her "Size Queen Latifah".  - Bill Squire, 12 Things to Never Say to Your Girlfriend! http://bit.ly/1nDx9OW, Foods you should never feed your dog! http://bit.ly/UzlLYO, You ever paused any of these? - Bill Squire, If you're not watching beach volleyball, here are 84 reasons why you absolutely SHOULD BE...http://bit.ly/1rwD7jL, 54 Sexiest Comic Con Costumes >> http://bit.ly/WKkK1G, This is the worst. - Bill Squire, Watch this gas station clerk beat the piss out of five dudes at once. - Bill Squire, Where's Morgan Freeman when you need him?--AC, The Simpsons and Family Guy crossover was previewed at Comic-Con. Check it out. - Bill Squire, How to make a sh*t load of Jager Bombs at once!
http://www.wmms.com/onair/maria-236/how-to-make-a-sht-load-12610586, Kitten fights statue! C'mon man, fight back!
http://www.wmms.com/onair/maria-236/kitten-fights-statue-12610114/, Dog sh*t firecracker! In case you have a use for one!
http://www.wmms.com/onair/maria-236/dog-sht-firecracker-12610101/, Mel Gibson will be FURIOUS. (Voicemails to come...)--AC, The German judge still gave her a 2.0--AC, ICP not classy enough, you say? Try Morgan Freeman's voiceover on for size.--AC, My man K Dog just dug up his coveted buried treasure!
http://www.wmms.com/onair/maria-236/my-man-kdog-just-dug-up-his-favored-treasure-12607100/, Win a VIP Package to the National Sports Collectors Convention Inc. - the world's largest sports memorabilia show - July 30th through Aug 3rd at the I-X Center., Hilarious. - Bill Squire, Season 5 looks pretty damn awesome. - Bill Squire, This crow did better than I would. - Bill Squire, Cat wrestles husky. Submit to the puddy tat!
http://www.wmms.com/onair/maria-236/cat-wrestles-husky-12604655/, This gets real in a hurry. - Bill Squire, Guy tries to outrun taser, see how he fares!
http://www.wmms.com/onair/maria-236/guy-tries-to-outrun-taser-12604129/, Don't f with a man with a big ladle! (NSFW)
http://www.wmms.com/onair/maria-236/dont-f-with-a-man-with-a-big-ladle-nsfw-12604006/, Dog passes out from extreme joy! Unconditional love!
http://www.wmms.com/onair/maria-236/dog-passes-out-from-extreme-joy-12603968/, I never thought I'd see the day where an amputee would leap from their wheel chair to fight a bitch. Wow. - Bill Squire, Get to know Meg Turney. - Bill Squire, This compilation of people passing out on live TV is hilarious. - Bill Squire, This lady wasn't giving up her car without a fight. - Bill Squire, Chase and capture of carjacking suspects!
http://www.wmms.com/onair/maria-236/chase-and-capture-of-carjacking-suspects-12600347/, Frank Caliendo nails it. - Bill Squire, Insane free fall drop ride! Holy sh*t!
http://www.wmms.com/onair/maria-236/insane-free-fall-drop-ride-holy-12599910/, Real marines call out fake 'Segeant Major'!
http://www.wmms.com/onair/maria-236/real-marines-call-out-fake-sergeant-12600051/, Avenged Sevenfold on stage marriage proposal!
http://www.wmms.com/onair/maria-236/avenged-sevenfold-on-stage-marriage-proposal-12599826/, First shotgun silencer!
http://www.wmms.com/onair/maria-236/first-shotgun-silencer-12599656/, Bartender sets customer on fire! Damn!
http://www.wmms.com/onair/maria-236/bartender-sets-customer-on-fire-damn-12599646/, A Browns fan pees on Art Modell's grave. People say he went to far but I don't think he went far enough. - Bill Squire, Last chance to Listen to Win RoverFest Tickets: Tune into WMMS on iHeartRadio and listen for the keyword to text to 35192 between 4:00 - 5:00pm!
Get all the details: http://bit.ly/1zrGn5G
Listen on iHeartRadio: http://bit.ly/iHeart1007WMMS, This is amazing. A bunch of Disney mascots falling down. - Bill Squire, Turns out that anal lube is delicious. - Bill Squire, MasterCard gets you closer to the music you love with access to the iHeartRadio Music Festival MasterCard Pre-Sale, only for cardholders.

Get your tickets TODAY before the general public today starting at 4PM ET at www.iheartradio.com/priceless.

Certain terms and conditions apply. Limited quantity and availability., The MAJOR iHeartRadio Music Festival 2014 artist lineup!

Taylor Swift, Coldplay, Usher, Ariana Grande, Nicki Minaj, Motley Crue, Zac Brown Band, One Direction, Ed Sheeran, Paramore, Iggy Azalea, Train, Eric Church, Lorde, Calvin Harris, Bastille, Steve Aoki plus more to be announced will take the MGM Grand Garden Arena in Las Vegas on September 19 and 20th!

Tickets on-sale on Saturday, July 26 at 1pm ET. More details: www.iheartradio.com/festival, The 2014 #iHeartRadio Music Festival LINEUP is here!! Featuring Motley Crue, Coldplay and more!
Full lineup: http://bit.ly/WCNJEL, It's actually kind of beautiful. - Bill Squire, Sad news. They have found the body of Cory Barron, the 22 year old man that went missing last Friday. - Bill Squire, Check out Erika Lauren's review of The AP Awards. , Girls in bikinis falling down or having other problems. - Bill Squire, A couple in Florida is caught banging on a public beach in the middle of the day. - Bill Squire, Busted! - Bill Squire, Here's a bunch of videos of people getting all pissed off while driving. - Bill Squire, It's no shovel girl but these old men can throw down. - Bill Squire, This week John Oliver drops the soap on prison. - Bill Squire, Mother nature is a real bitch. - Bill Squire, Tune into WMMS on iHeartRadio through Wednesday to win Roverfest tickets! Listen for the keyword to text to 35192 between Noon - 1:00pm & 4:00 - 5:00pm!
Get all the details: http://bit.ly/1zrGn5G
Listen on iHeartRadio: http://bit.ly/iHeart1007WMMS, Win a VIP Package to The National Sports Collectors Convention Inc. July 30th through Aug 3rd at the I-X Center. The package includes a VIP Party where you can mingle and get autographs from Carlos Baerga and Dale Murphy, early entry all 5 days of the show, access to the VIP lounge, 12 more select VIP autographs, collector cards and more., These guys do a really good job of ruining this boat. - Bill Squire, Dog apologizes to baby for stealing her toys!
http://www.wmms.com/onair/maria-236/dog-apologizes-to-baby-for-stealing-her-toys-12586849/, Hot air balloon crashes into power lines! Holy crap!
http://www.wmms.com/onair/maria-236/hot-air-balloon-flies-into-power-lines-12586769/, This old man should make your Monday a little more bearable. - Bill Squire, Today! Join Charlie at MetroPCS in Parma from 3:00 - 5:00pm for a chance to win SOLD OUT RoverFest Tickets! , Bill Squire with Jada from The Bad Girls Club for Christmas in July., Kate Upton. That is all. - Bill Squire, Here's Weird Al's video about sports! - Bill Squire, Ran across this music video today and it is incredible. - Bill Squire
, Join Charlie tomorrow at MetroPCS in Parma from 3:00 - 5:00pm for a chance to win SOLD OUT RoverFest Tickets! 
, Obamacare at it's finest! - Bill Squire, 8 insane (and kinda of gross) facts about your face! http://bit.ly/1oIEvwZ, The TMNT costumes are extremely unsettling. - Bill Squire, I give Weird Al credit for not walking out in the middle of this interview. - Bill Squire, Boobs and cars. - Bill Squire, Tons of news updates coming in about the Malaysian airliner that was shot down over the Ukraine. Read the latest here >> http://bit.ly/1jCoE6Q, Do you know the difference between HETEROSEXUAL and HOMOSEXUAL? These guys didn't. - Bill Squire, Purchase presale tickets NOW until 10pm tonight to see Alter Bridge with special guest California Breed at the Hard Rock Rocksino Northfield Park on October 15th., Purchase presale tickets NOW until 10pm tonight to see Nick Swardson at the Hard Rock Rocksino Northfield Park on September 11th., 50 Popular Stripper Names! Did your fav stripper name make the list? More here >> http://bit.ly/1jyGEyO, Come out to MetroPCS in Parma this Saturday, July 19th, for a chance to win SOLD OUT RoverFest Tickets! , This gets crazy. - Bill Squire, "It was kind of like a wolf pack fighting over a bone".

Yes, that's how Sully of Godsmack describes the struggle when writing their new album, #1000HP.

, Charlie Sheen wanted some 4th meal. - Bill Squire, 20 Things You Didn't Know Your iPhone Could Do! http://bit.ly/1wvEvVb, Tune into WMMS on iHeartRadio all week to win Roverfest tickets! Listen for the keyword to text to 35192 between Noon - 1:00pm & 4:00 - 5:00pm!
Get all the details: http://bit.ly/1zrGn5G
Listen on iHeartRadio: http://bit.ly/iHeart1007WMMS, WATCH: Tracy Morgan Walks To Car, Says 'I'm OK' After Accident! http://bit.ly/1nugOHj, 15 college majors that will pay you serious $$$ post-graduation! http://bit.ly/1l0cu2I, The Top 15 Crazy Ex-Girlfriend Names! http://bit.ly/1ksTF88, This guy has the best interviews. - Bill Squire

http://www.wmms.com/onair/the-alan-cox-show-50360/kawasaki-monkey-never-cramps-12565698/, Solid move by Jack. - Bill Squire 

http://www.wmms.com/onair/the-alan-cox-show-50360/jack-black-invites-a-couple-kids-he-sees-playing-music-on-the-street-to-open-for-tenacious-d-12565687/, There are some real great memories here. - Bill Squire, Anybody want to join my Boat Frisbee team? - Bill Squire, Woman falls off zip line! Ouch!
http://www.wmms.com/onair/maria-236/woman-falls-off-zip-line-12563001/, R.I.P. Tommy Ramone, off to the big Blitzkrieg Bop in the sky.
http://www.wmms.com/onair/maria-236/rip-tommy-ramone-12562788/, Weird Al's new video is a star studded single shot masterpiece. - Bill Squire, Inner Belt bridge goes boom! Better than fireworks!
http://www.wmms.com/onair/maria-236/demo-of-the-inner-belt-bridge-12562186/, Tune into WMMS on iHeartRadio all week to win Roverfest tickets! Listen for the keyword to text to 35192 between Noon - 1:00pm & 4:00 - 5:00pm!
Get all the details: http://bit.ly/1zrGn5G
Listen on iHeartRadio: http://bit.ly/iHeart1007WMMS, This guy tries to steal a car with a lady and kids in it and a bunch of guys pull him out of the car and hold him down until the cops arrive. - Bill Squire, This guy is a real life Peter Griffin. - Bill Squire, Hot World Cup Fans! Score! bit.ly/1jpo4Jj, 24 Awesome Twitter Reactions To LeBron Returning To Cleveland! http://bit.ly/1orqMuh, Hysterical! - Bill Squire, Check out the LeBron billboard that went up at the corner of Prospect and E9TH today!
http://www.wmms.com/onair/maria-236/lebron-returns-billboard-corner-of-prospect-12556738/, In Northeast Ohio, nothing is given. Everything is earned. You work for what you have.

I’m ready to accept the challenge. I’m coming home. - LeBron James, Nobody tell LeBron this is a sketch. - Bill Squire, Needs more wah-wah pedal- AC, LeBron James: "My goal is still to win as many titles as possible, no question. But what’s most important for me is bringing one trophy back to Northeast Ohio.", Thoughts on LeBron James returning to Cleveland? Listen to LIVE coverage on Newsradio WTAM 1100 now! http://www.iheart.com/live/WTAM-1100-1749/?autoplay=true, null, This is the coolest cooler that ever cooled. - Bill Squire 

http://www.wmms.com/onair/the-alan-cox-show-50360/the-coolest-cooler-ever-12555328/, The ride operator gets 10/10 for freaking this chick out. - Bill Squire, Listen to WMMS on iHeartRadio for the keyword to text to 35192 between Noon - 1:00pm & 4:00 - 5:00pm for a chance to win Roverfest tickets!
Get all the details: http://bit.ly/1zrGn5G
Listen to WMMS on iHeartRadio: http://bit.ly/iHeart1007WMMS, So close! - Bill Squire, 8 surprising benefits of sleeping nekked! http://bit.ly/1r04rKF, Today is the last day to vote for my band Hawkeye in round 2 of the Play EST Fest contest -- we would be the one of the only full piece bands at the festival among DJ's and rappers.  We'd really like to show everyone what live music is all about!  Please cast your vote for HAWKEYE at www.play.est-fest.com - Erika Lauren, This had us cracking up in the office. - Bill Squire, Do you still need Roverfest tickets? Maria’s got them, The Alan Cox Show’s got them, and you could get them……if you listen on iHeartRadio! 
Get all the details: http://bit.ly/1zrGn5G
Listen to WMMS on iHeartRadio: http://bit.ly/iHeart1007WMMS, Bret Michaels comes to Hard Rock Rocksino Northfield Park Friday, September 12th. Tickets on sale Friday, July 11th at 10 AM. Purchase presale tickets today until 10 PM., This guy's cover of 'Sultans of Swing" is fantastic. - Bill Squire, Macho Man is my favorite. This is hysterical. - Bill Squire, Hey guys!  Vote for my band Hawkeye to play EST Fest this summer with MGK - we really need your votes! We want to bring rock to a hip hop festival! Click the link below and choose us in the matchup!  Thanks in advance!  - Erika Lauren, Ketchup, mustard, crack! (NSFW)
http://www.wmms.com/onair/maria-236/ketchup-mustard-crack-nsfw-12542981/, She has an unconventional delivery but her throw was still better than 50 Cent. - Bill Squire, 7 kittens react in unison! Damn cute!
http://www.wmms.com/onair/maria-236/7-kittens-react-in-unison-damn-cute-12542883/, Cop pummels female! (NSFW)
http://www.wmms.com/onair/maria-236/cop-pummels-female-nsfw-12542404/, A bunch of people that accepted a friend request from a perfect stranger were sent this video. - Bill Squire 

, 1 yr old amputee pushes through therapy! Truly motivational!
http://www.wmms.com/onair/maria-236/1-year-old-amputee-keeps-pushing-through-therapy-extremely-motivational-12541978/, Woman attacked by shark at spy museum!
http://www.wmms.com/onair/maria-236/woman-attacked-by-shark-at-spy-museum-12541912/, ICYMI: 84 Year Old Man's Dong Song Rocks AGT

http://www.wmms.com/onair/the-alan-cox-show-50360/84-year-old-mans-dong-song-rocks-agt-12534107/, Watch Detroit fall apart before your eyes using Google Street View. - Bill Squire

http://www.wmms.com/onair/the-alan-cox-show-50360/the-deterioration-of-detroit-12536611/, I'd rather have this super skilled Japanese pancake cook in CLE over LeBron. - Bill Squire 

http://www.wmms.com/onair/the-alan-cox-show-50360/samurai-pancake-cook-12536501/, The misdirection is what gets you. - Bill Squire 

http://www.wmms.com/onair/the-alan-cox-show-50360/wait-for-it-12536472/, Win a pair of tickets to #BrewHaHaCLE on July 10th!, This old man's song catches everyone at America's Got Talent completely off guard. - Bill Squire

http://www.wmms.com/onair/the-alan-cox-show-50360/84-year-old-mans-dong-song-rocks-agt-12534107/, All of Tim Howard's saves in one gif. - Bill Squire, Join Charlie today for a chance to win a pair of tickets to Roverfest 2014! Get locations and times: http://bit.ly/1mXuwHe, We're part of the @iHeartRadio #ShowYourStripes movement to support hiring vets. Hire Smart. Hire Vets. Show your support by hitting this link: http://www.showyourstripes.org, This cop shoves a guy in a wheelchair and the the chair falls over. - Bill Squire

http://www.wmms.com/onair/the-alan-cox-show-50360/a-cop-pushes-a-guy-in-a-wheelchair-and-knocks-him-over-12532115/, Win a pair of tickets to the Inaugural #BrewHaHaCle at Greater Cleveland Food Bank's Food Distribution Center on July 10th!, I don't know what's going on here but to say it's "disturbing" is an understatement. - Bill Squire 

http://www.wmms.com/onair/the-alan-cox-show-50360/the-most-disturbing-twerking-youll-ever-see-nsfw-12532113/, Yoko offends almost all your senses. There is no way to tell if she smells but I bet she does. - Bill Squire 

http://www.wmms.com/onair/the-alan-cox-show-50360/your-daily-puke-yoko-ono-performing-at-glastonbury-12530626/, Dogs make soccer better. - Bill Squire, Join us July 10th for #BrewHaHaCLE featuring Last Call Cleveland & hosted by Bill Squire benefiting #FoodBank. Register for your chance to win tickets!, This is way better than the original version. Check it out! - Bill Squire 

http://www.wmms.com/onair/the-alan-cox-show-50360/acoustic-cover-of-wake-me-up-by-sam-meador-12525714/, This movie was filmed over a twelve years which is pretty cool. - Bill Squire, This is incredible. The people inside survived the massive fireball. - Bill Squire, This guy is truly an idiot. - Bill Squire 

http://www.wmms.com/onair/the-alan-cox-show-50360/defendant-doesnt-know-when-to-shut-12522732/, This couldn't have ended any worse. - Bill Squire, "...I picked up my guitar, I opened up my heart, my gut, my mind, and out came a song that changed our lives." 

Jared Leto opens up about making music with Thirty Seconds to Mars and shares the meaning behind his favorite tracks. , Metallica pokes fun at protesters with "Glastallica" intor video!
http://www.wmms.com/onair/maria-236/metallicas-glastonbury-intro-video-12521747/, This guy sacrifices a few phones and his face during this prank. - Bill Squire, This little ghost rides his bike punches a bigger kid then jumps on his bike to make a clean getaway. It's marvelous. - Bill Squire, This little cutie is really good at hula hooping. - Bill Squire, This kid is pretty good and the reactions are great as well. - Bill Squire, http://www.wmms.com/onair/the-alan-cox-show-50360/holy-crap-12516651/, Trucker pulls over cop for speeding!
http://www.wmms.com/onair/maria-236/trucker-pulls-over-cop-for-speeding-12516884/, I say nickel you say? Drug deal or semantics?
http://www.wmms.com/onair/maria-236/is-it-nickelback-or-nickel-sack-12513764, Meet the "Treeminator"!
http://www.wmms.com/onair/maria-236/i-call-this-treeminator-12510775/, Alligator fight on golf course!
http://www.wmms.com/onair/maria-236/alligator-fight-on-golf-course-12510784/, Check out the teaser trailer for The Hunger Games: Mockingjay. - Bill Squire, Mmm..Crab Legs! Sweet!
http://www.wmms.com/onair/maria-236/mmm-crab-legs-sweet-12510764/, How to keep your booty up to par!
http://www.wmms.com/onair/maria-236/how-to-keep-your-booty-up-12510559/, Pat Sajak's assumption on Wheel!
http://www.wmms.com/onair/maria-236/pat-sajaks-assumption-on-wof-12510347/, I should have known "jizz" makes you a better soccer player. - Bill Squire, If you've got kids you know they will get into everything and then use what they find as a toy. - Bill Squire, Cleveland Cavaliers take Kansas Jayhawk Andrew Wiggins with the first pick in the NBA draft! Thoughts?, Jay Pharoah was hilarious on the show today. - Bill Squire

http://www.wmms.com/onair/the-alan-cox-show-50360/what-does-my-girl-say-jay-12507413/, A simple "No comment" would have been fine. - Bill Squire, Who should the Cavs pick tonight? - Bill Squire, Mom beaten as 2 yr old son tries to intervene! (NSFW)
http://www.wmms.com/onair/maria-236/mom-beaten-as-her-2-year-12506806, How to cut a lot of grapes at once! Genius!
http://www.wmms.com/onair/maria-236/how-to-cut-al-lot-of-12506456/, There's a dude from Medina and a lady from Cleveland and they give the best answers by far. - Bill Squire, Most accurate 2014 NBA Draft. Is this how it's going down tonight?
http://www.wmms.com/onair/maria-236/the-most-accurate-nba-mock-draft-12506180/, This guys son had been missing for days. He was on HLN talking to Nancy Grace and she reveals his son is alive and where the boy was found is kind of shocking. - Bill Squire 

http://www.wmms.com/onair/the-alan-cox-show-50360/nancy-grace-tells-dad-his-missing-12505557/, A Spurs fan has an unfortunate encounter with the pavement while celebrating their decimation of Miami. - Bill Squire, Win a round of golf at a Cleveland Metroparks Golf course this summer! , Mechanic air hose prank!
http://www.wmms.com/onair/maria-236/mechanic-air-hose-prank-12502241/, How many guys does it take to fix a pipe in Romania?
http://www.wmms.com/onair/maria-236/how-may-guys-does-it-take-12502183/, This is all I ever wanted as a child. - Bill Squire, Play Ball with Pepsi at Progressive Field. Register to win a custom Indians jersey, watch batting practice and a scrimmage game at Progressive Field, and enjoy lunch in Progressive Field's Club Level.
, I would rather run these girls over than let them in my car. - Bill Squire, Some people love nothing more than dressing like a picnic blanket and while fighting with other soccer fans. - Bill Squire 

http://www.wmms.com/onair/the-alan-cox-show-50360/crazy-fight-between-brazil-and-croatia-12500356/, This episode was filmed at the tangier where I took the phone from the dude. 

I prefer my actual prepared material over my impromptu freak outs but that's just me. - Bill Squire 

http://www.wmms.com/onair/the-alan-cox-show-50360/bill-squires-perfect-ten-episode-6-12496188/, Great story. - Bill Squire 

http://www.wmms.com/onair/the-alan-cox-show-50360/friends-and-volunteers-refurbish-bay-area-12497884/, Retiring marine gets homecoming surprise!
http://www.wmms.com/onair/maria-236/the-way-our-veterans-should-be-12497367/, Texas cop pulls woman off of tracks of on-coming train!
http://www.wmms.com/onair/maria-236/texas-cop-pulls-woman-off-tracks-12497308/, Dog teaches baby how to crawl! Love this!
http://www.wmms.com/onair/maria-236/dog-teaches-baby-how-to-crawl-12497122/, American exchange student get stuck in giant vajayjay in Germany!
http://www.wmms.com/onair/maria-236/american-exchange-student-gets-stuck-in-12497187/, She knows her colors. - Bill Squire, Stay off the third rail!--AC, I bet the makeup sex was great.--AC, I loved the first Sin City. Hope this one is just as good. - Bill Squire 

http://www.wmms.com/onair/the-alan-cox-show-50360/sin-city-2-a-dame-to-12492446/, Some of these tricks are great but the reactions are what makes this video worth watching. - Bill Squire, Georgia "Slow Poke" law! Need this in Ohio!
http://www.wmms.com/onair/maria-236/georgia-slow-poke-law-12492463/, Chasing a phone thief! Real or fake?
http://www.wmms.com/onair/maria-236/chasing-a-phone-thief-12492459/, WOOOOAAAHHHHHHH F$#@*&! -AC, 
Tyler TX now Cleveland Browns territory! Notice who paid for the sign!
http://www.wmms.com/onair/maria-236/tyler-tx-is-now-cleveland-browns-12491884/, "Baby Got Back" mixed with the music of the classic "Mario" game!
http://www.wmms.com/onair/maria-236/baby-got-athletic-12491761/, Reporter splits his pants on live TV segment!
http://www.wmms.com/onair/maria-236/reporter-splits-his-pants-on-live-12491777/, This drunk guy at a concert with WWE commentary overdubbed will probably put a smile on some of your faces. Some of you are too far gone though. - Bill Squire

http://www.wmms.com/onair/the-alan-cox-show-50360/youre-gonna-love-this-drunk-guywwe-12490829/, The Irish are not messing around in this anti-speeding ad. I wish we had bad ass ads like this in America. - Bill Squire, Register to win a pair of tickets to the Summit Racing Equipment NHRA Nationals July 3-6 at Summit Motorsports Park in Norwalk and a Mello Yello prize pack., Register to be the Cavs Draft Day VIP with preferred seating at the Cavaliers Draft Party 2014 presented by Mountain Dew KickStart on Thursday, June 26, plus meet Cavs Legends throughout the night and individual photos with the Cavaliers’ Draft Picks., Win a round of golf at a Cleveland Metroparks Golf course this summer!, Led Zeppelin + Rage Against The Machine = Best Mash Up Ever 

http://www.wmms.com/onair/the-alan-cox-show-50360/zepratm-live-mashup-is-sweet-12486204/, Kindergarten Plop.--AC, Japan is a strange place. - Bill Squire 

http://www.wmms.com/onair/the-alan-cox-show-50360/hilarious-and-weird-japanese-ab-training-12483859/, Another flight attendant gives a hilarious pre-flight speech. - Bill Squire, 50 Banned License Plates From Across America! See what was banned in Ohio here >> http://bit.ly/1kS6mZh (And yes these are obviously 'shopped because they were banned before they even went to print!), How would you celebrate winning an arm wrestling match? - Bill Squire, Did you know? You can take us with you wherever you go with the FREE iHeartRadio app! http://bit.ly/iheartupgrade, The internet delivers again. - Bill Squire 

http://www.wmms.com/onair/the-alan-cox-show-50360/animals-dancing-to-saltnpepas-push-it-12481704/, This guy has gotta go. - Bill Squire, This is such a simple prank but it's always funny. - Bill Squire, [WATCH LIVE] In one hour, Linkin Park will be hitting the stage as part of their iHeartRadio Album Release Party celebrating their new album, ‘The Hunting Party’: http://bit.ly/iheart-linkinpark

What’s your favorite Linkin Park song?, Watch my fat ass snag a phone from a guy texting in the front row. - Bill Squire, Woman reacts badly after being reported for leaving dog in hot car! (NSFW)
http://www.wmms.com/onair/maria-236/woman-reacts-badly-after-being-reported-12476630, Norwegian cops handling angry drunk! (NSFW, if you speak norwegian that is!)
http://www.wmms.com/onair/maria-236/norwegian-cops-handling-an-angry-drunk-12476593, null, Johnny Manziel called The Alan Cox Show yesterday. This was not what we were expecting. - Bill Squire, This "tough guy" confronts a reporter and ends up screwing himself over. - Bill Squire, This is a pretty interesting video about Betamax and VHS.   - Bill Squire

http://www.wmms.com/onair/the-alan-cox-show-50360/how-sonys-betamax-lost-to-jvcs-12471502/, Bang, ding, ow! - Bill Squire, Insurance scam foiled by dashcam!
http://www.wmms.com/onair/maria-236/insurance-scam-foiled-by-dash-cam-12471663/, Footage of twin tornadoes that wiped out Pilger NE!
http://www.wmms.com/onair/maria-236/footage-of-destructive-tornadoes-that-wiped-12471601, Casey Kasem counts down the top 10 on Letterman. RIP!
http://www.wmms.com/onair/maria-236/casey-kasem-countdown-on-letterman-1993-12471301/, Old Spice has new commercial that is marvelous. - Bill Squire 

http://www.wmms.com/onair/the-alan-cox-show-50360/the-new-old-spice-commercial-is-12470157/, He's still got it. - Bill Squire, The most trusted name in news. And he cannot lie.--AC, Another kick ass street performer goes viral. - Bill Squire, What do you Poupon? - Bill Squire, I want to know how it got in there. - Bill Squire, null, Did you know Dave Chappelle lives in Ohio? Check out his interview with Jimmy Fallon. - Bill Squire, Radio legend Casey Kasem has passed away. http://www.wmms.com/articles/entertainment-news-468953/radio-legend-casey-kasem-dies-at-12463134, Register to win a family 4 pack of tickets to the Italian American Summer Festival June 27th through the 29th at the Cuyahoga County Fairgrounds., Play Ball with Pepsi at Progressive Field. Register to win a custom Indians jersey, watch batting practice and a scrimmage game at Progressive Field, and enjoy lunch in Progressive Field's Club Level.
, Don't leave your pets in the car. - Bill Squire
, Teen's response to out of town parent's request not to burn the house down!
http://www.wmms.com/onair/maria-236/teens-response-to-out-of-town-12460451/, This is probably the dumbest girl in the world. - Bill Squire, How to remove a ring from a swollen finger! Nifty!
http://www.wmms.com/onair/maria-236/how-to-remove-a-ring-from-12460198/, Well done - Bill Squire

http://www.wmms.com/onair/the-alan-cox-show-50360/game-of-thrones-vs-lord-of-12456928/, Some of these are pretty cool. - Bill Squire 

http://www.wmms.com/onair/the-alan-cox-show-50360/8-water-tricks-that-will-melt-12456932/, I never want to eat one of these. - Bill Squire

http://www.wmms.com/onair/the-alan-cox-show-50360/1000-people-eat-1000-ghost-chilies-12456937/, If you ever enter a demolition derby drive a Volvo. - Bill Squire, CPD investigating attack on 10yr old girl as hate crime!
http://www.wmms.com/onair/maria-236/cpd-investigating-attack-on-10-yr-12455943/, Off duty cop saves man's life after horrific gas station crash!
http://www.wmms.com/onair/maria-236/off-duty-cop-saves-mans-life-12455752, Man finds what in his raw oyster? WTF!
http://www.wmms.com/onair/maria-236/man-finds-what-in-his-raw-12455700/, You're gonna need a bigger camera.--AC, In one hour, Arctic Monkeys will be taking over the iHeartRadio Theater Los Angeles! 

They’ll be performing new songs from their latest album, ‘AM’ as well as some past favorites. 

Watch LIVE: http://bit.ly/watch-arcticmonkeys, Are These Tattoos Fabulous or Fails? View the gallery and judge for yourself here >> http://bit.ly/1q4MSrP, The "Gingers have souls" kid made a music video and it's only kind of terrible. - Bill Squire, This girl basically acts out Carrie Underwood's Before He Cheats. - Bill Squire 

http://www.wmms.com/onair/the-alan-cox-show-50360/man-calmly-records-wife-smashing-their-12451410/, Flintstones dirty little joke that slipped past the censors in the 60"s!
http://www.wmms.com/onair/maria-236/flintstones-dirty-little-joke-in-the-12451390/, Divorce attorney commercial. Guys, this chick has your back!
http://www.wmms.com/onair/maria-236/divorce-attorney-commercial-12451336/, Dave Chappelle talks about comedy, his daughter, and being late for work. - Bill Squire, null, Mayor Frank Jackson named word's worst person in sports!
http://www.wmms.com/onair/maria-236/mayor-frank-jackson-named-worlds-worst-12450664, I would've just gotten a hotel but this guy made a pretty awesome music video. - Bill Squire
, Street Justice! - Bill Squire 

http://www.wmms.com/onair/the-alan-cox-show-50360/car-gets-revenge-on-aggressive-biker-12446241/, Reversing truck verses distracted pedestrian. Ouch!
http://www.wmms.com/onair/maria-236/reversing-truck-verses-distracted-pedestrian-12446460/, Dog grieves at grave.
http://www.wmms.com/onair/maria-236/dog-grieves-at-grave-12446088/, Dog entices deer to run fence with him!
http://www.wmms.com/onair/maria-236/dog-and-deer-playmates-12446071/, I always love when a drunk person ruins a live shot. - Bill Squire, Sucks to be this guy. - Bill Squire, Is the message that they should show movies on the inside of windshields?--AC, [iHeartRadio World Premiere] We’re crankin’ it up 1000% with Godsmack’s new song, “1000 Horsepower”, John Oliver rules. - Bill Squire 

http://www.wmms.com/onair/the-alan-cox-show-50360/john-oliver-on-fifa-nsfw-language-12440648/, It's amazing no one was hurt. - Bill Squire , Elevator F's up shooting man up 30 floors at high speed! Holy Crap!
http://www.wmms.com/onair/maria-236/elevator-fs-up-shooting-man-up-12441375, PSY and Snoop Dogg team up. What do you think? - Bill Squire , Did Zep's "Stairway to Heaven" rip off Spirit's "Taurus"? You decide!
http://www.wmms.com/onair/maria-236/copyright-infringement-suit-files-against-led-12441194/, Great Dane puppy just doesn't want to get up!
http://www.wmms.com/onair/maria-236/great-dane-puppy-just-doesnt-want-12441136/, Another bully underestimates their victim. - Bill Squire

http://www.wmms.com/onair/the-alan-cox-show-50360/girl-bully-gets-put-in-a-12440554/, No green screen was used. - Bill Squire 

http://www.wmms.com/onair/the-alan-cox-show-50360/how-they-made-the-old-spice-12438100/, Ha!, This guy gives himself a lesson in basic physics. - Bill Squire, How would you react if this happened to you? - Bill Squire, Smell you later, indeed.--AC, A "Brony" is an adult make fan of My Little Pony. A "Brony Dance Party" is indescribable. - Bill Squire

http://www.wmms.com/onair/the-alan-cox-show-50360/brony-dance-party-12431513/, At least he kept his GoPro. - Bill Squire 

http://www.wmms.com/onair/the-alan-cox-show-50360/man-gets-robbed-at-gunpoint-and-12430049/, Starting this weekend on WMMS:
The Rover Rewind, hosted by Charlie and Rob 
Every Saturday morning from 8-10am

The Week in Cox, hosted by Bill and Erika 
Sunday mornings from 8-10am., This guy is trying to pull a prank and some ladies of the evening take advantage. - Bill Squire, Florida judge fights attorney!
http://www.wmms.com/onair/maria-236/florida-judge-fights-attorney-12430561, Hammy's walk off home run call for sweep of the Red Sox!
http://www.wmms.com/onair/maria-236/hammys-walk-off-home-run-call-12430204/, John Adams bangs the drum in his sleep! Was a late one!
http://www.wmms.com/onair/maria-236/john-adams-bangs-the-drum-in-12430122/, Child abuse never sounded so good. - Bill Squire

http://www.wmms.com/onair/the-alan-cox-show-50360/drummer-makes-sound-effects-by-drumming-12429106/, Don’t be mad.  Our stream is back and the website is working again!  

Photo: Getty Images, (ICYMI) Husband's spider prank makes wife pee her pants!
http://www.wmms.com/onair/maria-236/husbands-spider-prank-makes-wife-pee-12424915/, ICYMI: Lady Goes On Racist Tirade in Parking Lot 

http://www.wmms.com/onair/the-alan-cox-show-50360/update-this-week-in-racism-language-12424247/, Ambulance and car collision! Pay attention to those sirens!
http://www.wmms.com/onair/maria-236/ambulance-and-car-collision-12424771/, Kindergarten graduation brawl! Seriously, what is wrong with people?
http://www.wmms.com/onair/maria-236/kindergarten-graduation-brawl-12424829/, This guys scares his girl so bad she pees her pants. - Bill Squire, Carnival operator gets slammed by ride! Only suffers broken collar bone.
http://www.wmms.com/onair/maria-236/carnival-ride-operator-gets-slammed-by-12424728/, null, These kids never had a chance.--AC, Hoyer or Manziel? - Bill Squire

http://www.wmms.com/onair/the-alan-cox-show-50360/brian-hoyer-physically-i-feel-great-12422358/, Scorpion and the guy on the bike is my favorite. - Bill Squire 

http://www.wmms.com/onair/the-alan-cox-show-50360/mortal-kombat-trolling-12421163/, This kid is pretty amazing. - Bill Squire

http://www.wmms.com/onair/the-alan-cox-show-50360/smart-ass-boy-genius-plays-the-12421643/, Soundgarden﻿ fans! Can you believe it's been 20 years since 'Superunknown'? 

The band is reissuing the album and, to celebrate, frontman Chris Cornell﻿ personally created his own iHeartRadio station!, Girl gets vajazzled!
http://www.wmms.com/onair/maria-236/girl-gets-vajazzled-12421334/, Man crashes truck to save kids!
http://www.wmms.com/onair/maria-236/man-crashes-truck-to-save-kids-12421288/, 7 great camping hacks. I'm on these!
http://www.wmms.com/onair/maria-236/7-genius-camping-hacks-12421197/, I can't imagine this machine is much of a workout but I can imagine other uses. - Bill Squire, I only knew one of the songs. I still giggled. - Bill Squire, Sweden is weird but I love this. - Bill Squire, Wish this had been in Cleveland. - Bill Squire

http://www.wmms.com/onair/the-alan-cox-show-50360/nirvana-2014-rock-and-roll-hall-12416704/, Aaron Lewis calls out a bunch of dudes for groping an underage girl that's crowd surfing. - Bill Squire 

http://www.wmms.com/onair/the-alan-cox-show-50360/aaron-lewis-of-staind-gives-epic-12416836/, Woman catches robbers in mid-rob!
http://www.wmms.com/onair/maria-236/woman-catches-robbers-midrob-12416059, Do you have The Sex Factor? - Bill Squire, It's like giving your toilet CPR. - Bill Squire, Play Ball with Pepsi at Progressive Field. Register to win a custom Indians jersey, watch batting practice and a scrimmage game at Progressive Field, and enjoy lunch in Progressive Field's Club Level. , Damn, that was quick. Here ya go, Foo Fighters fans - Corey , This dude takes his job VERY seriously.--AC, Win Black Label Society Tickets, I could watch domino videos all day. - Bill Squire, Win Black Label Society Tickets , I love how uncomfortable she makes them. - Bill Squire

http://www.wmms.com/onair/the-alan-cox-show-50360/black-woman-confronts-kkk-and-nazis-12410816/, If you're gonna bully some one make sure you better be ready for anything. I enjoyed this ass beating quite a bit. - Bill Squire, Plant sale video! I want what they're growing!
http://www.wmms.com/onair/maria-236/plant-sale-video-love-this-12409966/, Stopping a drunk driver! This man may have saved some lives!
http://www.wmms.com/onair/maria-236/stopping-a-drunk-driver-12409807/, Store employee sprays girl thieves with Febreeze! Hilarious! (NSFW)
http://www.wmms.com/onair/maria-236/family-dollar-store-employee-sprays-girl-12409884/, You never f#*k with a man's ride. - Bill Squire, A great little diddy about cold beer. - Bill Squire

http://www.wmms.com/onair/the-alan-cox-show-50360/cold-beer-12408870/, Neil deGrasse Tyson explains climate and weather. - Bill Squire 

http://www.wmms.com/onair/the-alan-cox-show-50360/climate-v-weather-by-neil-degrasse-12405591/, Drunk girl's reaction when she see's who she is grinding on is priceless!
http://www.wmms.com/onair/maria-236/drunk-girl-sees-who-shes-grinding-12405231/, Make your own air conditioner for $8. I'm on it!
http://www.wmms.com/onair/maria-236/make-your-own-8-air-conditioner-12405204/, Want a chance to win $125? Visit TridentRadio.com to learn how you can enter for a chance to win the Trident Gum Radio Sweepstakes! Don't forget your Phone, Keys, and Trident Gum, Check!, Jenga Cat! ... is better at Jenga than I am!
http://www.wmms.com/onair/maria-236/jenga-cat-12405044/, Check at H. Jon Benjamin (Archer & Bob's Burger's) as Hal from 2001: A Space Odyssey - Bill Squire 

http://www.wmms.com/onair/the-alan-cox-show-50360/h-jon-benjamin-voices-hal-from-12403792/, If you've ever worked in a restaurant you can relate. - Bill Squire, Purchase Black Label Society presale tickets NOW until 10pm tonight!  , Go through this gallery and guess which band or artist these pictures symbolize! We're starting you off with a REALLY easy one, but they get tougher! Good luck and tell us how many you get! http://bit.ly/1jWXtBw, Self driving cars will bring us one step closer to the inevitable war between humans and machines (plays Terminator music). - Bill Squire, I love Edgar Wright's films and this video shows you why I love this unique and creative director. - Bill Squire, Word's first wingsuit base jumping dog!
http://www.wmms.com/onair/maria-236/worlds-first-wingsuit-base-jumping-dog-12400317/, This was a bad idea but I'm glad he did it. I wish it wasn't a vertical video though. - Bill Squire, High School seniors "Prank It Forward"! Kudos!
http://www.wmms.com/onair/maria-236/high-school-seniors-prank-it-forward-12400173, Little kid head bangs to "Creeping Death"! He's rockin' it!
http://www.wmms.com/onair/maria-236/little-kid-head-bangs-to-creeping-12400060/, 5 yr old has too many girlfriends! Ah to have such problems!
http://www.wmms.com/onair/maria-236/5-yr-old-has-too-many-12399962/, ICYMI: Passenger Puts Angry Lady In Her Place 

http://www.wmms.com/onair/the-alan-cox-show-50360/passenger-puts-angry-woman-in-her-12394375/, If you aren't familiar with my project "Bill Squire's (Perfect) Ten" each month I write ten new minutes and film it. It's not easy but it's a lot of fun. Here's the latest episode. Hope you enjoy it. - Bill Squire, Banned Ohio license plates! People will try to put anything on a vanity plate! More here >> http://bit.ly/ScFwUI, I'm glad I have a basement and don't have to hide from a tornado in a truck. - Bill Squire, Pop Evil/DMC Military Tribute @ ROTR 2014! If you enjoyed your holiday weekend, thank a soldier!
http://www.wmms.com/onair/maria-236/popevil-dmc-military-tribute-rotr-2014-12395449/, What would you do if you ran into Owlman? - Bill Squire, Bill Murray crashes a bachelor party and gives some great advice. - Bill Squire,  A lady was complaining about being late and this guy let her have it in an extremely entertaining way. - Bill Squire, The neighbors are having a very strange argument. - Bill Squire, To serve and protect...ducks!
http://www.wmms.com/onair/maria-236/to-serve-and-protect-ducks-12388320/, Bizarre Manziel "small penis" lawsuit hoax authored by serial litigant!
http://www.wmms.com/onair/maria-236/manziel-lawsuit-authored-by-serial-litigant-12388293/, Girls crash car while recording karaoke session!
http://www.wmms.com/onair/maria-236/girls-crash-car-while-recording-karaoke-12388105/, I still find comfort in his voice when he ingests helium. - Bill Squire, This drum off could use a little more cowbell. - Bill Squire, Hugh Jackman v John Cena - WWE Universe, who wins? - Bill Squire, Stop getting the dogs in trouble. Love this guy. - Bill Squire, I want this to be a real show. - Bill Squire, Rap shirts for white people?
http://www.wmms.com/onair/maria-236/rap-shirts-for-white-people-12384000, This is the only commencement speech you'll ever need to hear. - Bill Squire, Rarest of walk off wins for the sweep of the Tigers! Wahoo!
http://www.wmms.com/onair/maria-236/rarest-of-walk-off-wins-12383893/, Ref and female athlete in compromising position! Mmm!
http://www.wmms.com/onair/maria-236/ref-and-female-athlete-in-compromising-12383800/, Get ready to feel really poor. - Bill Squire, Johnny Football went to school where? She couldn't pick a worse question for this Jeopardy answer!
http://www.wmms.com/onair/maria-236/johnny-football-went-to-school-where-12383426, All this week, listen to Rovers Morning Glory and Then Alan Cox Show for your chance to win tickets to Summerland at The CLEVELAND AGORA! , Advanced BBQ blower! Must have!
http://www.wmms.com/onair/maria-236/advanced-barbecue-blower-12379131/, Huge student knocks 66 yr old female teacher to the ground! Teaching is a dangerous gig!
http://www.wmms.com/onair/maria-236/huge-student-knocks-66-yr-old-12378956/, Amateur MMA fighter taps out to spare opponent!
http://www.wmms.com/onair/maria-236/amateur-mma-fighter-winning-fight-taps-12378864, Avenged Sevenfold pulls fan on stage to play guitar!
http://www.wmms.com/onair/maria-236/avenged-sevenfold-pulls-fan-on-stage-12378831, Where do you throw the dollar bills?--AC, This kid's Michael Jackson impression is a thriller. - Bill Squire, Pornhub may have come up with the ultimate currency. - Bill Squire, If you bring a bat to a fight make sure you know how to use it. - Bill Squire, This is just so so great. - Bill Squire, That's embarrassing. - Bill Squire, Teen flash mob robbery caught on security cam!
http://www.wmms.com/onair/maria-236/teen-flash-mob-robbery-12373952/, Shed removal fail! (NSFW)
http://www.wmms.com/onair/maria-236/shed-removal-fail-nsfw-12373938/, This makes me want to stretch my pelvis. - Bill Squire, The anticipation isn't what kills you. - Bill Squire, It all happens in the background. - Bill Squire, What do Bo Diddley, David Bowie and Ol' Dirty Bastard have in common?

Believe it or not, those are some of the artists that influenced The Black Keys' new album, 'Turn Blue'!

Listen to more tracks handpicked by Dan Auerbach and Patrick Carney on The iHeartRadio Black Keys Guest DJ station:, 10 Yr old gives amazing impromptu speeck at his grandpa's funeral service!
http://www.wmms.com/onair/maria-236/10-yr-old-gives-amazing-impromptu-12368955/, This man is delightful. - Bill Squire, How to make your own rocket fuel! You never know when you need some!
http://www.wmms.com/onair/maria-236/homemade-rocket-fuel-12368510/, Bass player goes off on heckler at Kent gig! (NSFW)
http://www.wmms.com/onair/maria-236/bass-player-goes-off-on-heckler-12368501/, Murray Saul Friday Get Down! R.I.P. Murray, Damn It!
http://www.wmms.com/onair/maria-236/murray-saul-get-down-12368152, I had an awesome time at Rock on the Range. - Bill, Win the Ultimate Cleveland Experience with The Black Keys! , I want him to translate so many songs. - Bill Squire, Aqua Teen Hunger Force reruns are really the big winner here.-AC, Bryan Cranston couldn't stand working with his primadonna co-star. - Bill Squire, Carp attack! Stop the invasion!
http://www.wmms.com/onair/maria-236/carp-attack-12362832/, Gas station clerk knocks out wannabe robber!
http://www.wmms.com/onair/maria-236/gas-station-clerk-knocks-out-wannabe-12362676, (ICYMI) Epic mother/son wedding dance and brutally honest wedding invitation!
http://www.wmms.com/onair/maria-236/epic-motherson-dance-and-hilarious-wedding-12362632, LAST CHANCE to get your bids in for our Online Auction! Bidding closes TODAY at 1pm! Don't miss your chance to save $$ on restaurants, vacation packages, home improvement, automotive service, tanning, fitness and more! Bid here now: http://bit.ly/1jIsiJk, Don't forget to check out all of the great items up for bid in our Online Auction! You can save $$ on restaurants, vacation packages, home improvement, automotive service, tanning, fitness and more! Better hurry! Bidding closes TOMORROW at 1pm! Bid here now: http://bit.ly/1jIsiJk, Jules would be proud. - Bill Squire, Badass! - Bill Squire, Another hit by remix of the shovel girl. - Bill Squire, Family Nissan Maxima vs. turbo charged Porsche! See who wins!
http://www.wmms.com/onair/maria-236/family-nissan-maxima-races-turbo-charged-12358461, Come for the potatoes, stay for the racial humor!--AC, Cocky driver gets his!
http://www.wmms.com/onair/maria-236/cocky-driver-gets-his-12358216/, In one hour, Young the Giant﻿ will take the stage as part of the iHeartRadio Live Series.

You’ll be able to watch LIVE as they perform songs off their new album, “Mind Over Matter” right here: http://bit.ly/iheart-youngthegiant, Win the Ultimate Cleveland Experience with The Black Keys!, He wishes he was a little bit taller. - Bill Squire, Taintsmasher does it again! - Bill Squire, Huge fish scooped out of North Royalton flood waters Monday night!
http://www.wmms.com/onair/maria-236/huge-fish-scooped-out-of-north-12353574/, Commercials in other countries are amazing. - Bill Squire, One angry tow truck driver! (NSFW)
http://www.wmms.com/onair/maria-236/one-angry-tow-truck-driver-nsfw-12353367/, Cat saves boy from dog attack!
http://www.wmms.com/onair/maria-236/cat-saves-boy-from-dog-attack-12353284/, "A FLAK JACKET!" probably sounds weird coming from him.--AC, F'in kids. - Bill Squire, Love Charles. - Bill Squire, Joe Haden just got paid. - Bill Squire, Anchor rips viewers complaining about storm coverage!
http://www.wmms.com/onair/maria-236/anchor-rips-viewers-complaining-about-storm-12348629/, Zack Snyder just tweeted this pic of the new Batman suit. - Bill Squire, 101 yr old grandma throws out first pitch! Love this!
http://www.wmms.com/onair/maria-236/101-yr-old-grandma-throws-out-12348024/, Sorry, hipsters. It's ours now.--AC, News anchor's slip of the tongue! What kind of truck?
http://www.wmms.com/onair/maria-236/news-anchors-slip-of-the-tongue-12348041/, Coach takes lingerie football way too seriously! (NSFW)
http://www.wmms.com/onair/maria-236/coach-takes-lingerie-football-way-too-12348114/, The Online Auction is back now through this Friday at 1pm. Check out the great items up for bid! You can save $$ on restaurants, vacation packages, sporting events, motorcycle accessories, tanning, fitness and more! Bid here now: http://bit.ly/1jIsiJk, Last nights storm was crazy. - Bill Squire 

http://www.wmms.com/onair/the-alan-cox-show-50360/check-out-these-picks-of-flood-12346733/, Good not great. - Bill Squire, John Oliver set up a debate that accurately depicts the percentage of people that believe humans are directly responsible for climate change. - Bill Squire , A very dramatic reading inspired by a typo ridden menu. - Bill Squire, Tree falls on cop during traffic stop! Caught on dashcam!
http://www.wmms.com/onair/maria-236/tree-falls-on-cop-during-traffic-12343138/, Pornography is way more disgusting from a woman's POV. - Bill Squire , Better than banjos.--AC, Mom pays off every student's lunch bill balance!
http://www.wmms.com/onair/maria-236/mom-pays-off-every-students-lunch-12343387/, Charles Barkley comments on San Antonio women!
http://www.wmms.com/onair/maria-236/charles-barkley-comments-on-san-antonio-12343318/, Blind dog plays fetch! Love this!
http://www.wmms.com/onair/maria-236/blind-dog-plays-fetch-12342577/, I kept waiting for a Prince cameo.- AC, Oh, Canada. Even the devil is nicer up there.--AC, Win a pair of tickets to see Slash, Myles Kennedy & The Conspirators!, Porn used to be something you had to work for not something you had unlimited access. - Bill Squire, Mike Rowe gets naked so people pay attention to him. -  Bill Squire 

http://www.wmms.com/onair/the-alan-cox-show-50360/mike-rowe-gets-naked-to-promote-12333431/, Win a pair of tickets to see Slash on Sunday July 20th at the Hard Rock Rocksino Northfield Park!, In honor of Mother's Day, check out all the Hot Moms around Cleveland!, Rob Ford rant in bar! (NSFW)
http://www.wmms.com/onair/maria-236/rob-ford-rant-in-bar-nsfw-12337547/, The Alan Cox Show is on "best of" today so here's a long fart. - Bill Squire, Happy! Dogs and Cats Version!
http://www.wmms.com/onair/maria-236/happy-dogs-and-cats-version-12337396/, Australian TV host almost shoots herself in face!
http://www.wmms.com/onair/maria-236/australian-tv-host-almost-shoots-herself-12337380/, Dog fetches beer! Man's best friend indeed!
http://www.wmms.com/onair/maria-236/dog-fetches-beer-12337363, Man builds son backyard roller coaster! How cool is that?
http://www.wmms.com/onair/maria-236/dad-builds-backyard-roller-coaster-12337128/, I'm sure something similar to this happened last night when the Browns traded up for Johnny Manziel. - Bill Squire, AUDIO: Johnny Manziel talks about his critics, being a Cleveland Brown and more! Manziel good choice or no?, This runs the gamut from sexy, to creepy,  to ouch. - Bill Squire, Listen to Lisa Landry on The Alan Cox Show right now and check her out this weekend at The Cleveland Improv. - Bill Squire, Damn, Patton Oswalt is funny. - Bill Squire, I hope he has a sense of humor about this because it's hilarious. - Bill Squire, Charles Barkley is probably gonna get some crap for this but it's too damn funny. - Bill Squire, Purchase presale tickets NOW until 10pm tonight to see Slash, Myles Kennedy and The Conspirators on July 20th at Hard Rock Rocksino Northfield Park., This could be pretty traumatizing. - Bill Squire, Win a pair of tickets to see Slash on Sunday July 20th at the Hard Rock Rocksino Northfield Park!, This old lady has some rather disturbing moves. - Bill Squire, I think they should use red liquid in all the commercials. It makes it way more authentic. - Bill Squire, It's for charity so it's not sexist...- Bill Squire, Parent arrested at school board meeting for speaking his mind.
http://www.wmms.com/onair/maria-236/parent-arrested-for-disorderly-conduct-at-12328581/, Premature celebration compilation! I hate when that happens.
http://www.wmms.com/onair/maria-236/premature-celebration-compilation-12328529/, Soccer fans are the best. - Bill Squire, Check out some pics from Bill Squire and Erika Lauren at Barrio for Cinco de Mayo. , Check out these pics from The Alan Cox Show Comedy Tour. - Bill Squire, This is a link to the link of the rather disturbing video we were just talking about on air. - Bill Squire, It's HARD being a mom. - Bill Squire , These guys make me want to be good at something...anything. - Bill Squire, I've never heard the real version of this song but this guy kills it. - Bill Squire, Bullied student's revenge, tainted cupcakes!
http://www.wmms.com/onair/maria-236/bullied-students-revenge-tainted-cupcakes-12324085/, This shepherd's got talent! Love this!
http://www.wmms.com/onair/maria-236/this-shepherds-got-talent-12323719/, College dude's reaction to smoking weed for first time! (NSFW)
http://www.wmms.com/onair/maria-236/college-dude-smokes-weed-for-first-12323698/, What guy does to passed out girl may surprise you!
http://www.wmms.com/onair/maria-236/what-guy-does-to-passed-out-12323253/, There is a new show coming to FOX this fall called "Gotham" about young detective Jim Gordon. It also has boy Bruce Wayne and young versions of The Riddler, The Penguin and let's not forget tween Catwoman. - Bill Squire 

http://www.wmms.com/onair/the-alan-cox-show-50360/gotham-trailer-12321790/, UPDATE: They took the video down for a minute but I was able to find it on another youtube channel along with an amazing vine mash up. - Bill Squire , I'm so tired of the "Outrage" talk. She is telling jokes and I found this whole bit to be quite hilarious. - Bill Squire, Their trash talk is amazing. - Bill Squire, Fear "The Beygency". - Bill Squire, Wow, Meg White has really let herself go.--AC, Who should the Browns take on Thursday?, Win a pair of Kings Of Leon tickets!, Register to win a flyaway to Seminole Hard Rock Hotel & Casino in Hollywood, Florida courtesy of Frontier Airlines and Hard Rock Rocksino Northfield Park., Get Pumped for 24: Live Another Day by winning a $1000 fitness package! , Win a pair of tickets to see  Kings Of Leon August 20th at Blossom Music Center! , Get Pumped for 24: Live Another Day by winning a $1000 fitness package!, Dog steals show (and glove) at softball game!
http://www.wmms.com/onair/maria-236/dog-steals-show-and-glove-at-12313593/, Guy shows how to scam sporting event!
http://www.wmms.com/onair/maria-236/guy-shows-how-to-scam-sporting-12313507/, Young duo perform backyard original. Impressive!
http://www.wmms.com/onair/maria-236/young-duo-perform-backyard-original-12313482/, Honoring the "Sunshine State" with some of the craziest mugshots you've ever seen! Oh Florida, you so CRAZ-EE! More here >> http://bit.ly/1iLbKff, A song for the people. - Bill Squire, Awesome! - Bill Squire, This guy just goes for it. - Bill Squire, German shepherd plays fetch and returns to big surprise!
http://www.wmms.com/onair/maria-236/german-shepherd-plays-fetch-returns-to-12309475/, Guitar made from a muffler! 
http://www.wmms.com/onair/maria-236/guitar-made-from-a-muffler-12309339/, "Brick Like Me."--AC, They have a point. - Bill Squire

http://www.wmms.com/onair/the-alan-cox-show-50360/no-foul-coalition-wants-to-end-12307593/, They haven't released the video yet but I'm sure we will see it soon. - Bill Squire , The dude that tries to crawl out of the shot is my favorite. - Bill Squire , Get Pumped for 24: Live Another Day by winning a $1000 fitness package! , Register to win a flyaway to Seminole Hard Rock Hotel & Casino in Hollywood, Florida courtesy of Frontier Airlines and Hard Rock Rocksino Northfield Park., An instant classic by Jon Lajoie. - Bill Squire 

, Motorcycle white lining! Bad ending!
http://www.wmms.com/onair/maria-236/motorcycle-white-lining-bad-ending-12304971/, Dog saves another dog hit on freeway! Incredible!
http://www.wmms.com/onair/maria-236/dog-saves-another-dog-hit-by-12304956/, Anybody a handwriting expert so we can see if this is legit? - Bill Squire, Chicago Bulls' mascot chimes in on the Sterling situation!
http://www.wmms.com/onair/maria-236/benny-the-bulls-sign-
12304715/, Go shawty wit'cha big ass.--AC, You're gonna need a bigger bucket.--AC, I'd love to sync lips with her. - Bill Squire 

, Get to know Ramon Rivas, one of the comedians on the 2014 Alan Cox Show Comedy Tour. - Bill Squire, This will get ladies doing crunches. - Bill Squire 

, Does the punishment fit the crime? - Bill Squire, "Nan" learns new word playing scrabble! Priceless!
http://www.wmms.com/onair/maria-236/woman-learns-new-word-playing-scrabble-12300437/, Drone aerial footage of Arkansas tornado damage.
http://www.wmms.com/onair/maria-236/drone-aerial-footage-of-arkansas-tornado-12299921/, The ultimate athletic accomplishment! - Bill Squire, Seal loves belly rubs! 
http://www.wmms.com/onair/maria-236/seal-loves-belly-rubs-12299776/, LeBron stares down Jordan while dunking!
http://www.wmms.com/onair/maria-236/lebron-stares-down-jordan-while-dunking-12299467/, Dammit Bobby. - Bill Squire 

, Gotta stick the landing.--AC, Total. Moron. - Bill Squire, Cleveland sure does have a lot of HOT MOMS! Check out all the photos. , These girls can't stop looking at this dudes package. - Bill Squire, How to light a bonfire with a hot rod!
http://www.wmms.com/onair/maria-236/how-to-light-a-bonfire-hot-12295392/, Want. - Bill Squire, Dump cakes! Real product, real commercial. Butt wait..
http://www.wmms.com/onair/maria-236/dump-cakes-butt-wait-12295378/, Kid plays 2 guitars at once! Pretty amazing!
http://www.wmms.com/onair/maria-236/kid-plays-2-guitars-at-once-12295327/, Monkey slaps news anchor! Better than the other way around.
http://www.wmms.com/onair/maria-236/monkey-slaps-news-anchor-12295251/, Register to win a flyaway to Seminole Hard Rock Hotel & Casino in Hollywood, Florida courtesy of Frontier Airlines and Hard Rock Rocksino Northfield Park., This guy pushed his son a little too far. - Bill Squire

http://www.wmms.com/onair/the-alan-cox-show-50360/son-knocks-his-own-dad-out-12295046/, Donald Sterling is going to have a bad couple of weeks. - Bill Squire , Win WWE Raw Tickets, Calling all HOT Moms, submit your photo now! , Calling all HOT Moms, submit your photo now! , Time for yet another round of "Guess The Classic Album Covers!" Go through gallery and tell us how many you guessed correctly! http://bit.ly/1mDj5Ta, UPDATE: YouTube took the video down but I found it on TMZ with an update from the porn star that was vagapulted. - Bill Squire, Dog plays fetch with himself! 
http://www.wmms.com/onair/maria-236/dog-plays-fetch-with-himself-12290426/, Whoops. - Bill Squire , Little boy enjoys the hell out of rally ride!
http://www.wmms.com/onair/maria-236/little-boy-enjoys-rally-ride-12290414/, These girls have one bad ass routine!
http://www.wmms.com/onair/maria-236/these-girls-have-a-bad-ass-12290352/, Dog tends to man with Alzheimers. What a bond.
http://www.wmms.com/onair/maria-236/dog-tends-to-man-with-alzheimers-12290363/, Heron baits fish with bread, one smart bird!
http://www.wmms.com/onair/maria-236/heron-baits-fish-with-
piece-of-12290328/, Instagram Playboy Dan Bilzerian breaks this lovely girls foot while trying to throw her from a roof into a pool. - Bill Squire
, They're just happy to be outside.--AC, Time for a round of "Guess The Classic Rock Albums!" Hit this link, go through the gallery and tell us how many you guessed correctly! http://bit.ly/1k8ZGc4, Register to win a flyaway to Seminole Hard Rock Hotel & Casino in Hollywood, Florida courtesy of Frontier Airlines and Hard Rock Rocksino Northfield Park, Another much needed mash up. - Bill Squire, Tom Segura joins The Alan Cox Show right now. - Bill Squire

http://www.wmms.com/onair/the-alan-cox-show-50360/acs-cliffs-notes-comedian-tom-segura-12282433/, This lady has a rather disturbing "O-Face". - Bill Squire 

http://www.wmms.com/onair/the-alan-cox-show-50360/lady-in-hospital-still-having-orgasms-12286256/, Basset Hound clown car! Puppy love!
http://www.wmms.com/onair/maria-236/basset-hound-clown-car-12286387/, Little kid's mispronunciation! 
http://www.wmms.com/onair/maria-236/little-kids-mispronunciation-12286233/, Formerly deaf woman's first concert! Megadeth! Love this story!
http://www.wmms.com/onair/maria-236/formerly-deaf-womans-first-concert-megadeth-12286174/, Turns out, there's really not much else to do in the desert.--AC, Kings Of Leon w/ Young the Giant stops at Blossom Music Center on August 20th! Purchase presale tickets NOW until 10pm tonight., null, Do you think that Joan Rivers should apologize for the comments that she made about the Cleveland kidnap victims? http://bit.ly/1ho9xKU, Rage rabble-rousin'! And they say rock and roll is dead...this kid rules! And he's not a bad player either - Corey , Insane. 

http://www.wmms.com/onair/the-alan-cox-show-50360/base-jump-record-12281956/, Calling all HOT Moms, submit your photo now! , This is helpful. - Bill Squire 


http://www.wmms.com/onair/the-alan-cox-show-50360/how-to-tell-black-people-apart-12282183/, Click "Funny" to vote for me. I would love to perform at this festival. Voting ends tonight so I need to end strong. - Bill Squire 

http://www.funnyordie.com/videos/c77e06bbf3/bill-squire-detroit-mi, Guy thinks he's faster than a train! 
http://www.wmms.com/onair/maria-236/guy-thinks-hes-faster-than-train-12282096/, Canacian TV show hidden camera prank. Good one!
http://www.wmms.com/onair/maria-236/canadian-tv-show-hidden-camera-prank-12281975/, Foreign Subaru commercial. Wait for it!
http://www.wmms.com/onair/maria-236/foreign-subaru-commercial-12282017/, At six years old I was lucky if I could get a yo-yo to come back up so this is pretty impressive. - Bill Squire, TSA pats down 2 & 6 year old.
http://www.wmms.com/onair/maria-236/tsa-pats-down-2-6-year-12282042/, null, (ICYMI) Cat investigates snake! 
http://www.wmms.com/onair/maria-236/cat-investigates-snake-12278876, I want to make one of these. - Bill Squire

http://www.wmms.com/onair/the-alan-cox-show-50360/garbage-cannon-12278018/, Cat investigates snake!
http://www.wmms.com/onair/maria-236/cat-investigates-snake-12277755/, I did not see that coming. - Bill Squire

http://www.wmms.com/onair/the-alan-cox-show-50360/your-daily-puke-singing-kid-12277677/, Boy teases dog gets instant karma. It's not the breed, it's the a-hole humans!
http://www.wmms.com/onair/maria-236/boy-teases-dog-instant-karma-12277721/, The greatest rapper of all time. - Bill Squire, Skateboarding dog's got skills! Incredible!
http://www.wmms.com/onair/maria-236/dog-skateboarding-incredible-12277423/, Alton Brown's mustard caddy! Eureka!
http://www.wmms.com/onair/maria-236/alton-browns-mustard-caddy-12277339/, Check out all these videos of different judges going viral. If you have a good one post it in the comments and I'll add it to the post. - Bill Squire 

, Ever meet your girls ex and feel real inadequate? - Bill Squire, Boobs. - Bill Squire 

http://www.wmms.com/onair/the-alan-cox-show-50360/kate-upton-in-the-cold-12273316/, Gotta love a good old fashion infomercial fail compilation. - Bill Squire

http://www.wmms.com/onair/the-alan-cox-show-50360/infomercial-fail-montage-12273297/, Register to win a flyaway to Seminole Hard Rock Hotel & Casino - Hollywood, FL courtesy of Frontier Airlines and Hard Rock Rocksino Northfield Park., null, Wingsuit jump by two disabled Afghanistan Vets! Love this!
http://www.wmms.com/onair/maria-236/wingsuit-jump-by-2-disabled-afghanistan-12273156/, 20 Ft baggage drop. Watch your luggage!
http://www.wmms.com/onair/maria-236/20-foot-baggage-drop-12273097/, Powdered alcohol approved and coming soon! Imagine the possibilities.
http://www.wmms.com/onair/maria-236/powdered-alcohol-approved-and-coming-soon-12273137/, Daggering is basically extreme dry humping and when mixed with WWE commentary you have one awesome video. - Bill Squire

http://www.wmms.com/onair/the-alan-cox-show-50360/jamaican-night-club-daggering-with-wwe-12272867/, Things got crazy where Cleveland kisses Lakewood as two hard-core gangs brawl in the streets outside of The Foundry. - Bill Squire 


http://www.wmms.com/onair/the-alan-cox-show-50360/50-white-dudes-dressed-in-black-12270230/, Win a pair of tickets to see Green Day’s American Idiot Musical, at the Palace Theatre at PlayhouseSquare! , One of Taintsmasher's best. - Bill Squire

http://www.wmms.com/onair/the-alan-cox-show-50360/fap-god-a-rap-god-parody-12268093/, How to put out a boat fire!
http://www.wmms.com/onair/maria-236/how-to-put-out-a-boat-12268569/, Tribe opening a series with the Blue Jay's tonight at Progressive field. Funny interview with Jay's Kawasaki! Go Tribe!
http://www.wmms.com/onair/maria-236/toronto-blue-jays-kawasaki-interview-12268442/, You'll love the way this girl makes you feel. Bill Squire 

http://www.wmms.com/onair/the-alan-cox-show-50360/amazing-cover-of-the-way-you-12268136/, Amazing body painting!
http://www.wmms.com/onair/maria-236/amazing-body-painting-12268413/, Kid calls 911 for math homework!
http://www.wmms.com/onair/maria-236/kid-calls-911-for-math-homework-12268329/, My doppelganger was last seen drunk on the subway singing Lil' John. - Bill Squire 

http://www.wmms.com/onair/the-alan-cox-show-50360/extremely-drunk-fat-white-guy-sings-12268111/, This is great! - Bill Squire 

http://www.wmms.com/onair/the-alan-cox-show-50360/mrs-doubtfire-as-a-horror-film-12265698/, Anyone need a lawyer? - Bill Squire 

http://www.wmms.com/onair/the-alan-cox-show-50360/pete-holmes-is-the-worst-lawyer-12264867/, Texting driver who slammed cyclist cares more about the damage to her car. WTF is wrong with people?
http://www.wmms.com/onair/maria-236/texting-driver-hits-cyclist-12264260/, Model let's John Daily hit golf ball off her mouth!
http://www.wmms.com/onair/maria-236/model-lets-john-daily-hit-golf-12264615/, Chicken clears pool table with egg! Cock shot?
http://www.wmms.com/onair/maria-236/chicken-clears-pool-table-with-egg-12264560/, Kid's reaction to college acceptance letter! Love this!
http://www.wmms.com/onair/maria-236/kids-reaction-to-college-acceptance-letter-12264523/, Simply amazing. - Bill Squire

http://www.wmms.com/onair/the-alan-cox-show-50360/pole-dancing-should-be-in-the-12264438/, Get your tickets to the 10 pm show of The Alan Cox Show Comedy Tour at The House of Blues. All the other shows are SOLD OUT! Thanks!, I would love a character likes this to really be on the show. - Bill Squire

http://www.wmms.com/onair/the-alan-cox-show-50360/walking-dead-season-4-alternate-ending-12261478/, This  gets real in a hurry. - Bill Squire

http://www.wmms.com/onair/the-alan-cox-show-50360/first-aid-demonstration-goes-wrong-12260513/, Poetry Slam! To The Boys Who May One Day Date My Daughter"
http://www.wmms.com/onair/maria-236/poetry-slam-to-the-boys-who-12260537/, These aren't official but word is they are pretty close to what the new Browns uniforms will look like. What do you think? - Bill Squire 
http://www.wmms.com/onair/the-alan-cox-show-50360/new-browns-jersey-leaked-12260688/, Eye contact! WTF!
http://www.wmms.com/onair/maria-236/eye-contact-wtf-12260515/, Security cam catches burglar in child's nursery! Scary!
http://www.wmms.com/onair/maria-236/security-cam-catches-burglar-in-nursery-12260459/, Holy crap this dude's insane!
http://www.wmms.com/onair/maria-236/holy-crap-this-dudes-insane-12260508/, Where did that car come from?
http://www.wmms.com/onair/maria-236/where-did-that-car-come-from-12260329/, Selfie karma! - Bill Squire

http://www.wmms.com/onair/the-alan-cox-show-50360/kid-kicked-in-the-head-by-12259834/, null, Happy 40th Birthday to The Buzzard! The iconic mascot for WMMS was created by artist David Helton on April 16th, 1974.  Let’s all pay tribute to a true legend with some pics of The Buzzard through the years! , Get tickets to the 10 pm show at House of Blues Cleveland

http://concerts.livenation.com/the-alan-cox-show-comedy-tour-cleveland-ohio-05-02-2014/event/05004C71CC55F68A?artistid=1589312&majorcatid=10002&minorcatid=51, Requirements for "The World's Toughest Job" 

• Standing up almost all the time
• Constantly exerting yourself
• Working from 135 to unlimited hours per week
• Degrees in medicine, finance and culinary arts necessary
• No vacations
• The work load goes up on Thanksgiving, Christmas, New Year's and other holidays
• No time to sleep
• Salary = $0

http://www.wmms.com/onair/the-alan-cox-show-50360/worlds-toughest-job-12256316/, Lie Detector (NSFW) From a few years back but still funny!
http://www.wmms.com/onair/maria-236/lie-detector-nsfw-12256473/, Border patrol agent causes crash, blames civilian!
http://www.wmms.com/onair/maria-236/border-patrol-agent-causes-crash-and-12256304/, Dog sings along while toddler plays harmonica!
http://www.wmms.com/onair/maria-236/dog-sings-to-toddlers-harmonica-playing-12256284/, Game of Thrones fans will have fun with this one. - Bill Squire

http://www.wmms.com/onair/the-alan-cox-show-50360/tv-and-movie-characters-react-to-12256048/, If only the Browns had cheerleaders to crawl around in the litter at Edge Water. - Bill Squire

http://www.wmms.com/onair/the-alan-cox-show-50360/miami-dolphins-cheerleader-lip-dub-12255849/, It's a metaphor for life!--AC, So you CAN'T do everything in Amsterdam?--AC, Great job US Airways! - Bill Squire

http://www.wmms.com/onair/the-alan-cox-show-50360/us-airways-accidentally-tweets-photo-of-12252544/, I wish Harrison Ford would have thrown him out the window like in Last Crusade. - Bill Squire

http://www.wmms.com/onair/the-alan-cox-show-50360/david-blaine-freaks-out-harrison-ford-12251463/, Dachshund greets house guest!
http://www.wmms.com/onair/maria-236/dachshund-greets-house-guest-12251689/, I would like to see how some of these dates went. - Bill Squire

http://www.wmms.com/onair/the-alan-cox-show-50360/girls-picking-up-girls-12251617/, Damn they learn flopping early in basketball!, Rabbit joins the race!
http://www.wmms.com/onair/maria-236/easter-bunny-takes-2nd-place-12251369/, Flight Attendant's hilarious safety speech!
http://www.wmms.com/onair/maria-236/hilarious-swa-flight-attendant-greatest-safety-12251355/, Snow in April! The most classic is the tribe home opener 2007!
http://www.wmms.com/onair/maria-236/angels-in-outfield-tribe-home-opener-12251046/
, ICYMI: Worst Wheel Of Fortune Contestant Ever 

http://www.wmms.com/onair/the-alan-cox-show-50360/worst-wheel-of-fortune-contestant-ever-12247980/, Win tix to see Lynyrd Skynyrd with Bad Company at Blossom Music Center on July 22nd!, What's your favorite discount booze? I've had my fair share of Boons Farm. - Bill Squire 

http://www.wmms.com/onair/the-alan-cox-show-50360/cheap-ass-wine-reviewed-by-irish-12246364/, null, Win the Best Seats in the House at The Alan Cox Show Comedy Tour! , Win a pair of tickets to see the Cleveland Cavaliers vs Brooklyn Nets in the last game of the season! 
, Get your tickets to The Alan Cox Show Comedy Tour at House of Blues. The early show is SOLD OUT but there are tickets available for the late show. 


http://concerts.livenation.com/event/05004C71CC55F68A?page=tmln&tmid=05004C71CC55F68A, WTF? What a moron! - Bill Squire 

http://www.wmms.com/onair/the-alan-cox-show-50360/worst-wheel-of-fortune-contestant-ever-12247980/, Win tix to see Lynyrd Skynyrd with Bad Company at Blossom Music Center on July 22nd!, The Cleveland Browns Select?
http://www.wmms.com/onair/maria-236/and-the-cleveland-browns-take-12246753/, Hate the Drake. - Bill Squire

http://www.wmms.com/onair/the-alan-cox-show-50360/fake-drake-12246598/, 78 yr old grandma's first roller coaster ride! Priceless!
http://www.wmms.com/onair/maria-236/78-year-old-grandmas-first-roller-12246593/, I should probably take his advice. - Bill Squire

http://www.wmms.com/onair/the-alan-cox-show-50360/advice-from-penn-jillette-nsfw-language-12246392/, Check out the set secret show at a small rock club after the Rock Hall Ceremony. I would've killed to be there. - Bill Squire

http://www.wmms.com/onair/the-alan-cox-show-50360/nirvana-joan-jett-play-secret-show-12246343/, Joan Jett, Lorde and Annie Clark of St. Vincent with Nirvana at the 2014 Rock Hall Inductions. CLE next year!
http://www.wmms.com/onair/maria-236/joan-jett-lorde-and-annie-clark-12246148/, Action Movie Kid has no idea that he's a killer prop--AC, null, Bad ass. - Bill Squire 

http://www.wmms.com/onair/the-alan-cox-show-50360/batman-strange-days-bruce-timms-batman-12242583/, Yum! - Bill Squire 

http://www.wmms.com/onair/the-alan-cox-show-50360/your-daily-puke-top-five-cysts-12241478/, Dogs protecting babies compilation!
http://www.wmms.com/onair/maria-236/dogs-protecting-babies-compilation-12241751/, LeBron denied! Plumlee blocks shot!
http://www.wmms.com/onair/maria-236/lebron-denied-12241304/, Fishing bloopers! Makes me look like an ace angler!
http://www.wmms.com/onair/maria-236/fishing-bloopers-12241278/, I want more slam poetry by Samuel L. Jackson. - Bill Squire

http://www.wmms.com/onair/the-alan-cox-show-50360/samuel-l-jackson-performs-boy-meets-12240964/, I think Canada is ass-backward in their approach to promote mens' health. - Corey (Sorry to the dudes, it's in the name of being healthy), LL Cool J will not be happy.--AC, We want you to take part in Fan Appreciation Night - Register to win a pair of tickets to see the Cleveland Cavaliers vs Brooklyn Nets in the last game of the season! , Lynyrd Skynyrd and Bad Company come to Blossom Music Center on Tuesday, July 22nd. Purchase presale tickets today until 10 PM., Classic album covers from behind. 

http://www.wmms.com/onair/the-alan-cox-show-50360/famous-album-covers-viewed-from-behind-12238287/, This video is hilarious also what did you think of the premiere of Game of Thrones? - Bill Squire

http://www.wmms.com/onair/the-alan-cox-show-50360/kfc-game-of-thrones-meal-deal-12237172/, These girls are SO BAD! - Bill Squire 

http://www.wmms.com/onair/the-alan-cox-show-50360/im-so-bad-amy-schumer-12237470, A horse that talks is impossible but a horse that makes fart noises is hysterical. - Bill Squire 

http://www.wmms.com/onair/the-alan-cox-show-50360/mouth-farting-horse-12235683/, 8 things every parent secretly does!
http://www.wmms.com/onair/maria-236/8-things-every-parent-secretly-does-12237113/, Baby and bulldog puppy! Aww!
http://www.wmms.com/onair/maria-236/baby-and-bulldog-puppy-aww-12237147/, RIP Ultimate Warrior. - Bill Squire

http://www.wmms.com/onair/the-alan-cox-show-50360/wwe-legend-the-ultimate-warriors-final-12237134/, Girl hanging on for dear life!
http://www.wmms.com/onair/maria-236/does-he-know-shes-there-12237126/, Maybe a teleporting insurance agent isn't always the best thing. - Bill Squire 

http://www.wmms.com/onair/the-alan-cox-show-50360/how-to-piss-of-your-state-12234213/, Northeast Factory Direct is giving you the chance to win the Best Seats in the House at The Alan Cox Show Comedy Tour! , Girl overreacts to her car's hail damage! Seriously?
http://www.wmms.com/onair/maria-236/girl-reacts-to-hail-
damage-12232481/, Happy 25th Major League!
http://www.wmms.com/onair/maria-236/happy-25th-major-league-12232759/, Why some chicks shouldn't talk sports! Oops!
http://www.wmms.com/onair/maria-236/why-some-chicks-shouldnt-talk-sports-12232539/, Interview fail. No need to speak the language!
http://www.wmms.com/onair/maria-236/interview-fail-12232388/, Well, my brain just melted. not sure if I wanna laugh or cry - Corey , null, Not the results they were hoping for. - Bill Squire

http://www.wmms.com/onair/the-alan-cox-show-50360/owner-scares-dog-and-dog-gets-12229211/, We added a late show to The Alan Cox Show Comedy Tour at The House of Blues. Get em while they last. - Bill Squire

http://concerts.livenation.com/the-alan-cox-show-comedy-tour-cleveland-ohio-05-02-2014/event/05004C71CC55F68A?artistid=1589312&majorcatid=10002&minorcatid=51&tm_link=artist_msg-0_05004C71CC55F68A, You got served and protected. - Bill Squire

http://www.wmms.com/onair/the-alan-cox-show-50360/nypd-cop-accepts-dance-battle-against-12228727/, Being a teacher is a tough gig!
http://www.wmms.com/onair/maria-236/teacher-takes-down-student-who-allegedly-12228402/, Stripper stuck upside down behind locker! (NSFW)
http://www.wmms.com/onair/maria-236/stripper-stuck-behind-locker-upside-down-12228160/, Happy dog fail! Second time's a charm!
http://www.wmms.com/onair/maria-236/happy-dog-fail-12228146/, Arsenio Hall tries to get a little inside from Don Cheadle about the Avengers sequel but Marvel shuts it down. - Bill Squire

http://www.wmms.com/onair/the-alan-cox-show-50360/marvel-shuts-down-attempted-avengers-sequel-12228165/, Popcorn bucket foul popup catch!
http://www.wmms.com/onair/maria-236/popcorn-bucket-foul-popup-catch-12227664/, Who says college kids are lazy?--AC, Security cam catches an "Oh Sh*t" moment!
http://www.wmms.com/onair/maria-236/security-cam-catches-an-oops-12227631/, The bike cop in this video is using some classic grade school crowd control techniques. - Bill Squire

http://www.wmms.com/onair/the-alan-cox-show-50360/westboro-baptist-church-run-out-of-12227530/, Swing and a miss!--AC, Win Volbeat tickets for April 22nd at Agora Theatre and Ballroom , Win a pair of tickets see Volbeat at Agora Theatre and Ballroom on April 22nd., I guess falling off a cliff is better than getting splattered by a car. - Bill Squire 

http://www.wmms.com/onair/the-alan-cox-show-50360/motorcycle-crash-40ft-off-a-cliff-12218785/, Who's ready for Cleveland Indians opening day? Drummer John Adams is! #TribeOpener View more photos., 20 years of the "Jake",(sorry Progressive)
http://www.wmms.com/onair/maria-236/the-jake-turns-20-on-home-12220270/, Whoops. - Bill Squire 


http://www.wmms.com/onair/the-alan-cox-show-50360/this-guy-shreds-hard-12220083/, It took him way too long to get uncomfortable. - Bill Squire

http://www.wmms.com/onair/the-alan-cox-show-50360/bang-bus-prank-12218895/, She's good. - Bill Squire

http://www.wmms.com/onair/the-alan-cox-show-50360/rubiks-boob-12218766/, SOLOSHOT2 Cam! I want one!
http://www.wmms.com/onair/maria-236/soloshot2-cam-i-want-one-12219171/, Dog freed from fence surprises officer!
http://www.wmms.com/onair/maria-236/dog-freed-from-fence-surprises-officer-12219117/, The dude's screams are pretty hilarious. - Bill Squire

http://www.wmms.com/onair/the-alan-cox-show-50360/skype-interview-prank-12218942/#.Uz2a482i5o8.facebook, You obviously don't get the whole story here but this cop seems like a real douche. - Bill Squire 

http://www.wmms.com/onair/the-alan-cox-show-50360/louisiana-cop-arrests-black-guy-for-12218717/, I would love them to make this movie for real. - Bill Squire

http://www.wmms.com/onair/the-alan-cox-show-50360/michael-bays-yoshimi-battles-the-pink-12217783/, If you have any of the symptoms in this video, you are probably a basic bitch. - Bill Squire

http://www.wmms.com/onair/the-alan-cox-show-50360/how-to-tell-if-youre-a-12217679/, In case you hated the HIMYM finale someone made this. I actually liked the finale. What did you think? - Bill Squire 

http://www.wmms.com/onair/the-alan-cox-show-50360/someone-fixed-the-himym-ending-12214834/, Thanks to you guys I'm kicking ass in Road To Oddball Comedy Festival but I still need more votes. If you haven't voted yet all you have to do is click the "Funny" button. - Bill Squire 


http://www.funnyordie.com/videos/c77e06bbf3/bill-squire-detroit-mi, Win a $25 Shell gas card and put gas in your tank from World of Tanks! , I didn't see this coming. Don't ruin it in the comments! 

- Bill Squire

http://www.wmms.com/onair/the-alan-cox-show-50360/harvard-acceptance-letter-leads-to-unexpected-12214798/, Fart gas caught on airport infra-red security cam!
http://www.wmms.com/onair/maria-236/fart-gas-caught-on-airport-infrared-12215031/, Two legged boxer runs on beach for first time!
http://www.wmms.com/onair/maria-236/two-legged-boxer-runs-on-beach-12214861/, (ICYMI) Crazy ping pong match! Video back up.
http://www.wmms.com/onair/maria-236/crazy-ping-pong-match-12210011/, This is perfection. - Bill Squire 


http://www.wmms.com/onair/the-alan-cox-show-50360/raving-to-benny-hill-music-12214662/, Lamborghini Aventador crash! 
http://www.wmms.com/onair/maria-236/lamborghini-aventador-crash-12214557/, This guy's leg just gives up. - Bill Squire

http://www.wmms.com/onair/the-alan-cox-show-50360/graphic-content-angels-hitting-coach-breaks-12213238/, Bravo! - Bill Squire

http://www.wmms.com/onair/the-alan-cox-show-50360/stephen-colbert-responds-to-cancelcolbert-12213160/, Are you a nice guy or a real guy? - Bill Squire


http://www.wmms.com/onair/the-alan-cox-show-50360/nice-guys-vs-real-guys-bill-12209172/, The lady that started the #CancelColbert movement proves she is a narrow minded opportunist. - Bill Squire 


http://www.wmms.com/onair/the-alan-cox-show-50360/cancelcolbert-girl-doesnt-get-it-12209198/, Australian reporter's response to horn honk! Short and to the point!
http://www.wmms.com/onair/maria-236/australian-reporters-response-to-horn-honk-12210357/, Samuel Adams HeliYUM beer! I want some!
http://www.wmms.com/onair/maria-236/samuel-adams-heliyum-beer-12210212/, Crazy ping pong match!
http://www.wmms.com/onair/maria-236/crazy-ping-pong-match-12210011/, This is better than X-men origins. - Bill Squire 


http://www.wmms.com/onair/the-alan-cox-show-50360/wolverine-the-musical-12210116/, Taco bell offers breakfast to Canada if it takes Justin Bieber back!
http://www.wmms.com/onair/maria-236/taco-bell-offers-breakfast-to-canada-12209948/, Tribe wins season opener! Hammy calls "Ball Game"
http://www.wmms.com/onair/maria-236/tribe-wins-season-opener-hammy-calls-12209980/, Get your tickets to The Alan Cox Show Comedy Tour at The House of Blues. It's close to selling out so don't wait! 


http://www.wmms.com/pages/content/acs-comedy-tour/2014/, Get your tickets to The Alan Cox Show Comedy tour at The House Of Blues. 


http://www.wmms.com/pages/content/acs-comedy-tour/2014/, This Italian dude needs to switch to decaf.  - Bill Squire 


http://www.wmms.com/onair/the-alan-cox-show-50360/coke-nutella-mentos-condoms-crazy-italian-12205462/, Getting a toy phone to curse. wonder how they figured that out?
http://www.wmms.com/onair/maria-236/getting-a-toy-baby-phone-to-12206380/, That sucks. - Bill Squire 

http://www.wmms.com/onair/the-alan-cox-show-50360/dont-trust-any-trail-when-skiing-12205495/, Kids stuck in stuff. They need a little help.
http://www.wmms.com/onair/maria-236/kids-stuck-in-stuff-12206072/, They may be lightweight and comfortable but they smell terrible. - Bill Squire 

http://www.wmms.com/onair/the-alan-cox-show-50360/spray-on-yoga-pants-12205402/, Didn't even get the right sport. - Bill Squire 

http://www.wmms.com/onair/the-alan-cox-show-50360/guy-misses-easiest-nhl-question-ever-12201258/, 40 yr old women born deaf hears for first time. Incredible!
http://www.wmms.com/onair/maria-236/40-year-old-woman-born-deaf-12201064/, Dog gets leash stuck in elevator door. Fortunately the dog appears to be unscathed. Scary and hard to watch.
http://www.wmms.com/onair/maria-236/dog-gets-leash-stuck-in-elevator-12201054/, This guy made a bunch of short videos of his son playing with toys and then used CGI to make them look awesome. - Bill Squire 

http://www.wmms.com/onair/the-alan-cox-show-50360/dreamworks-animator-makes-videos-with-his-12201127/, But is it dishwasher safe?--AC, Unexplained glass tray smash. Ghost or hoax?
http://www.wmms.com/onair/maria-236/unexplained-glass-cake-tray-smash-ghost-12200912/, Boy's reaction to baby reveal. Gunner not so happy.
http://www.wmms.com/onair/maria-236/boys-reaction-to-baby-reveal-12200872/, The Akron show is SOLD OUT! Let's sell out the House Of Blues by the time we get on the air today.  - Bill Squire

http://concerts.livenation.com/event/05004C71CC5AF69B?SREF=TWEventKeyword, Check out video highlights from Alan Cox and Bill Squire
from last years comedy tour then get tickets to this years shows. 

http://www.wmms.com/onair/the-alan-cox-show-50360/the-alan-cox-show-comedy-tour-12200150/, Tickets for The The Alan Cox Show  Comedy Tour go on sale at 10 am. They are $13 in advance and they will go fast. 

- Bill Squire 


http://www.wmms.com/pages/content/acs-comedy-tour/2014/, We just played this on the show. Hilarious. - Bill Squire 

http://www.wmms.com/onair/the-alan-cox-show-50360/former-president-lbj-orders-pants-12198075/, Watch the whole video. - Bill Squire 

http://www.wmms.com/onair/the-alan-cox-show-50360/is-a-man-being-raped-funny-12197166/, Dad's high tech fun method to pull son's loose tooth!
http://www.wmms.com/onair/maria-236/quadcopter-tooth-pull-12197208/, Do it for Denmark. Travel company's contest to repopulate the country!
http://www.wmms.com/onair/maria-236/do-it-for-denmark-12196965/, So, which pizza chain paid for product placement?--AC, Dog shows appreciation of being rescued!
http://www.wmms.com/onair/maria-236/dog-shows-appreciation-of-being-rescued-12196923/, I don't know if this guy was being over dramatic because this storm would have scared the sh!t out of me. - Bill Squire 

http://www.wmms.com/onair/the-alan-cox-show-50360/severe-storm-with-overly-dramatic-commentary-12196762/, Road rage instant karma!
http://www.wmms.com/onair/maria-236/road-rage-instant-karma-12196758/, Must be a sweet coin in that slot!--AC, Here is episode 3. - Bill Squire 


http://www.wmms.com/onair/the-alan-cox-show-50360/bill-squires-perfect-ten-episode-3-12193029/, Well done internet. - Bill Squire 

http://www.wmms.com/onair/the-alan-cox-show-50360/the-way-you-make-me-feel-12192914/, This pig can run. - Bill Squire 

http://www.wmms.com/onair/the-alan-cox-show-50360/super-speedy-cop-12192966/, Family dog rescued from mudslide rubble! One bright spot in a tragedy.
http://www.wmms.com/onair/maria-236/family-dog-rescued-from-mudslide-rubble-12192821/, World's first megacar! This car is the sh*t!
http://www.wmms.com/onair/maria-236/worlds-first-megacar-12192696/, Kurt Cobain - Elvis & more, beer commercial!
http://www.wmms.com/onair/maria-236/kurt-cobain-elvis-more-beer-commercial-12192501/, Worst birthday party, ever.--AC, Next stop, Pottersville!--AC, Construction worker narrowly escapes fire! Holy crap!
http://www.wmms.com/onair/maria-236/construction-worker-narrowly-escapes-fire-12192475/, Oh boy. - Bill Squire 

http://www.wmms.com/onair/the-alan-cox-show-50360/23-year-old-woman-faking-age-12189073/, ICYMI: Here is the Freedom Tower base jump we just mentioned. - Bill Squire 

http://www.wmms.com/onair/the-alan-cox-show-50360/freedom-tower-base-jump-12187513/, Yesterday's 61 car pileup in Minnesota caught on film.
http://www.wmms.com/onair/maria-236/minnesota-61-car-pileup-caught-on-12188190/, Pretty cool facts about one of my favorite shows. - Bill Squire 

http://www.wmms.com/onair/the-alan-cox-show-50360/7-walking-dead-things-you-probably-12188223/, Cop screws with slow driver in passing lane! From a few years back but way to go!
http://www.wmms.com/onair/maria-236/cop-screws-with-slow-driver-in-12187926/, Nick Swisher & Mike Polk roommates! Hilarious Bro!
http://www.wmms.com/onair/maria-236/nick-swisher-mike-polk-roommates-12187876/, Holy SH!T! - Bill Squire 

http://www.wmms.com/onair/the-alan-cox-show-50360/freedom-tower-base-jump-12187513/, Keep the submissions coming! - Bill Squire 

http://www.wmms.com/onair/the-alan-cox-show-50360/new-clevage-12183388/, Holy Sh!t! - Bill Squire 

http://www.wmms.com/onair/the-alan-cox-show-50360/people-narrowly-escape-massive-mudslide-12183289/, Why would anyone build this? - Bill Squire 

http://www.wmms.com/onair/the-alan-cox-show-50360/creepy-stripper-robot-powered-by-nightmares-12183867/, I was shocked at how well Nirvana was received by these kids. - Bill Squire 

http://www.wmms.com/onair/the-alan-cox-show-50360/teens-react-to-nirvana-12184083/, Homemade musical instrument! Many uses!
http://www.wmms.com/onair/maria-236/homemade-musical-instrument-12183974/, If you're worried about 21st century Russia- don't be.--AC, Dogs react to magic trick!
http://www.wmms.com/onair/maria-236/dogs-react-to-magic-trick-12183919/, Little kid tells all the bad words he knows! Priceless!
http://www.wmms.com/onair/maria-236/tell-me-all-the-bad-words-12183888/, GWAR covers Kansas. R.I.P. Oderus Urungus.
http://www.wmms.com/onair/maria-236/gwar-covers-kansas-12183840/, Wow! Looks like a scene right out of a movie. - Bill Squire 

http://www.wmms.com/onair/the-alan-cox-show-50360/chicago-airport-train-crash-pictures-are-12183576/, He went to a fight and a hockey game broke out.--AC, More on the Flight 370 tragedy...Malaysian PM says plane is lost, passengers are dead. Family members have been notified.

http://www.wmms.com/articles/national-news-104668/malaysian-pm-says-plane-is-lost-12182784/, This lady has a hard time understanding why she shouldn't do 70 mph in a 35 mph zone. - Bill Squire 

http://www.wmms.com/onair/the-alan-cox-show-50360/70-in-a-35-during-a-12183266/, BREAKING NEWS: Malaysia prime minister says new data shows missing plane plunged into southern Indian Ocean. More details soon!, Listen up! RMG's Charlie will be giving away a pair of VIP Alice in Chains tix TODAY ONLY at each of these ticket stops at the following MetroPCS locations! Hope to see you there!

12 noon - 1:15 pm - 137 Richmond, Painesville
2:00 pm - 3:15 pm - 35400 Vine St., East Lake Street Dive
3:45 pm - 5:00 pm - 22802 Lakeshore Blvd.
, Love this. - Bill Squire 

http://www.wmms.com/onair/the-alan-cox-show-50360/john-olivers-parody-of-the-hipster-12179328/, This is a great article on how kids can be stunted by safety conscious parenting. 

I can't remember a time when I was a child that we didn't play with fire, climb everything, and build rickety forts. I also played with a lot of fireworks...a lot of fireworks. - Bill Squire


http://www.wmms.com/onair/the-alan-cox-show-50360/the-overprotected-kid-12178624/, Penguins get confused trying to walk over rope.
http://www.wmms.com/onair/maria-236/penguins-get-confused-trying-to-walk-12178694/, Guy asks wife a math question! She hilariously tries to answer!
http://www.wmms.com/onair/maria-236/guy-asks-wife-a-math-question-12178539/, Dude, that's not a sink! Eww!
http://www.wmms.com/onair/maria-236/dude-thats-not-a-sink-eww-12178366/, This guy's prank goes about as bad as a prank can go. - Bill Squire 

http://www.wmms.com/onair/the-alan-cox-show-50360/prankster-gets-knocked-out-12178390/, Guys free baby moose stuck in fence! Kudos!
http://www.wmms.com/onair/maria-236/men-free-baby-moose-stuck-in-12178288/, We played this song on the show yesterday. So ridiculous and so funny. - Bill Squire 

http://www.wmms.com/onair/the-alan-cox-show-50360/buckwheat-groats-tom-hanks-nsfw-12171794/, Dog activated automatic ball launcher! I want one!
http://www.wmms.com/onair/maria-236/dog-activated-automatic-ball-launcher-12174799/, null, Stop what you're doin', cuz they're about to ruin...a song your probably liked.--AC, First Sniff!- Dog "First Kiss" parody. Love this!
http://www.wmms.com/onair/maria-236/first-sniff-dog-first-kiss-parody-12174634/, Dog drinking water in ulta slow motion.
http://www.wmms.com/onair/maria-236/dog-drinking-water-in-ultra-slow-12174593/, Alrighty, here's our first taste of NEW Metallica stuff. Give it a listen and let's hash it out, rad or garbage? - Corey , Aaaaannnnd...wait for it.--AC, Better get a bucket!--AC, Purchase presale tickets to see KISS and Def Leppard at Blossom Music Center on August 26th. , Girl, you know it's true.--AC, Ya fookin' bastaaaard!--AC, OUTRAGE! - Bill Squire 

http://www.wmms.com/onair/the-alan-cox-show-50360/photoshop-has-gone-too-far-12171558/, Busted. - Bill Squire 

http://www.wmms.com/onair/the-alan-cox-show-50360/couple-caught-banging-behind-dumpster-on-12171734/, People are dumb. - Bill Squire 
http://www.wmms.com/onair/the-alan-cox-show-50360/this-nuclear-missile-attack-prank-is-12171435/, Everyone's favorite mayor is at it again. - Bill Squire

http://www.wmms.com/onair/the-alan-cox-show-50360/rob-ford-drunk-on-st-patricks-12171305/, Walken would dominate on dancing with the stars. - Bill Squire 

http://www.wmms.com/onair/the-alan-cox-show-50360/every-christopher-walken-dance-ever-on-12170395/, Car hits cyclist and cushions fall! Lucky!
http://www.wmms.com/onair/maria-236/car-hits-cyclist-while-cushioning-the-12170674/, 11 year old reacts to some big news. Love this!
http://www.wmms.com/onair/maria-236/11-year-old-gets-big-news-12170638/, Shark attack! I think I would crap my suit if this happened to me!
http://www.wmms.com/onair/maria-236/shark-attack-12170610/, The Amazing Spider-Man 2 looks like it is worth the small fortune it will cost to see it in IMAX 3-D. - Bill Squire 

http://www.wmms.com/onair/the-alan-cox-show-50360/the-final-amazing-spiderman-2-trailer-12169495/, Vote for Darnell 25 for best up and coming musician and Salty Not Sweet for Best Locally Owned Business. The rest is up to you! - Bill Squire

http://posting.clevescene.com/cleveland/Survey?survey=3783820, Weatherman gets duped on birthday shout out! With same anchors that dove under their desk during Monday's earthquake!
http://www.wmms.com/onair/maria-236/weatherman-duped-into-funny-birthday-shout-12169960/, How about we start off todays posts with a feel good story? - Bill Squire

http://www.wmms.com/onair/the-alan-cox-show-50360/good-samaritan-youtuber-gives-street-performer-12169436/, Tickets go on sale next Friday. Can't wait!

http://www.wmms.com/pages/content/acs-comedy-tour/2014/, This is better than Man of Steel. - Bill Squire 

http://www.wmms.com/onair/the-alan-cox-show-50360/superman-with-a-gopro-12166844/, I'd smoke with Neil. - Bill Squire 

http://www.wmms.com/onair/the-alan-cox-show-50360/neil-degrasse-tyson-slowed-down-sounds-12166499/, Tokyo St. Patty's Day Parade, spot the Irishman!
http://www.wmms.com/onair/maria-236/tokyo-st-pattys-day-parade-spot-12166508/, Sports reporter's face plant!
http://www.wmms.com/onair/maria-236/sports-reporter-face-plant-12166480/, I wish the Cavs were as good as their pre-game projection. - Bill Squire


http://www.wmms.com/onair/the-alan-cox-show-50360/cleveland-cavaliers-pregame-court-projection-12165903/, Parrot caught singing Drowning Pool Bodies!
http://www.wmms.com/onair/maria-236/parrot-caught-singing-drowning-pool-bodies-12162324/, Guy F's with marching band by playing a little trumpet of his own!
http://www.wmms.com/onair/maria-236/guy-fs-with-passing-parade-band-12161932/, News anchors freak out when earthquake hits during live broadcast!
http://www.wmms.com/onair/maria-236/news-anchors-freak-out-on-live-12162009/, Dog not allowed on bed shows defiance. Love this!
http://www.wmms.com/onair/maria-236/dog-not-allowed-on-bed-shows-12161876/, Happy St. Patrick's Day! - Bill Squire

http://www.wmms.com/onair/the-alan-cox-show-50360/st-patricks-day-boston-mayor-throws-12160895/, Frozen + Unnecessary Censorship = Laughs 

Thanks Ed! 

Bill Squire

http://www.wmms.com/onair/the-alan-cox-show-50360/frozen-unnecessary-censored-12159369/, ICYMI: Lady Gaga Gets Puked On 

http://www.wmms.com/onair/the-alan-cox-show-50360/lady-gaga-gets-puked-on-at-12157007/, What grade would you give The Browns free agency moves so far? B+ from me. - Bill Squire, Want some concert tickets? Use #PricelessSurprises, tag @iHeartRadio & you could get some to a local show! http://bit.ly/pricelesssurprises  , Want some concert tickets? Use #PricelessSurprises, tag @iHeartRadio & you could get some to a local show! http://bit.ly/pricelesssurprises  , Mom teaches little girl not to go with strangers! 
http://www.wmms.com/onair/maria-236/mom-teaches-little-girl-about-strangers-12157112/, Youtube took the video of Lady Gaga puking down but I found it on TMZ and they actually have the rights for it so it shouldn't be taken down again. - Bill Squire 

http://www.wmms.com/onair/the-alan-cox-show-50360/lady-gaga-gets-puked-on-at-12157007/, Brown's fan Brandon Weeden fail compilation tribute!
http://www.wmms.com/onair/maria-236/brandon-weeden-fail-compilation-tribute-12156907/, LAST CHANCE to get your "bid on" in the March Online Auction! Bidding closes TODAY at 1 pm! Don't miss your chance to save big $$ on restaurants, vacation getaways, fitness, tattoo removal, day care, auto repair & accessories, home improvement and more! Bid here now: http://bit.ly/1jIsiJk, Something something something, shrimp on the barbie!--AC, There's still time to get your "bid on" in the March Online Auction! You can save $$ on restaurants, vacation getaways, fitness, tattoo removal, day care, auto repair & accessories, home improvement and more! Better hurry though! Bidding ends at 1 pm TOMORROW! Bid here now: http://bit.ly/1jIsiJk, Check out the latest fight on an RTA bus. - Bill Squire 

http://www.wmms.com/onair/the-alan-cox-show-50360/passenger-talks-about-rta-bus-driver-12153906/, In 1986 Cleveland tried to set a world record by releasing 1.5 million balloons into the sky. The results were not what they expected. - Bill Squire 

http://www.wmms.com/onair/the-alan-cox-show-50360/tbt-cleveland-balloon-launch-disaster-12153549/, This video is ridiculous and I love it. - Bill Squire 

http://www.wmms.com/onair/the-alan-cox-show-50360/lil-jon-dj-snake-made-the-12150132/, Paramotor emergency landing during softball game!
http://www.wmms.com/onair/maria-236/paramotor-emergency-landing-during-softball-game-12152825/, Sea lion pup boards diver's kayak!
http://www.wmms.com/onair/maria-236/sea-lion-pup-boards-kayak-12152738/, "Luckily, none got on the upholstery." (RIP, Schimmel)--AC, Full video of that Colorado car chase ala GTA!
http://www.wmms.com/onair/maria-236/full-video-of-colorado-car-chase-12152694/, Cleanup in aisle you!--AC, Drupe, meet dope.--AC, Beck comes to the State Theatre at PlayhouseSquare on June 19th. Tickets go on sale tomorrow but you can purchase presale tickets NOW until 10pm tonight!, Purchase Steel Panther presale tickets NOW until 10pm., A drunk driver goes the wrong way down a closed one way street while being pursued by the cops. Dozens were hurt and two people were killed. - Bill Squire 

http://www.wmms.com/onair/the-alan-cox-show-50360/drunk-driver-drives-into-crowd-at-12151679/, This guy injects some sort of liquid into his biceps to make them gigantic. What a disaster.   - Bill Squire 

http://www.wmms.com/onair/the-alan-cox-show-50360/injected-bicep-guy-is-hard-to-12150107/, Arnold Schwarzenegger runs over things with a tank. - Bill Squire

http://www.wmms.com/onair/the-alan-cox-show-50360/arnold-crushes-things-with-his-tank-12149053/, Want some concert tickets? Use #PricelessSurprises, tag @iHeartRadio & you could get some to a local show! http://bit.ly/pricelesssurprises, Here is some footage of the back up on the turnpike. - Bill Squire 

http://www.wmms.com/onair/the-alan-cox-show-50360/turnpike-crash-footage-12150048/, The Browns have released QB Brandon Weeden. They did so while scrambling and tossed him underhand out of the facility. - Bill Squire, This is perfection. - Bill Squire

http://www.wmms.com/onair/the-alan-cox-show-50360/captain-america-fk-yeah-12149075/, Billy on the Street comes to The Tonight Show and it is glorious. - Bill Squire 

http://www.wmms.com/onair/the-alan-cox-show-50360/billy-eichner-plays-for-a-dollar-12148951/, It's nice to know there are whiny white people all over the world. - Bill Squire

http://www.wmms.com/onair/the-alan-cox-show-50360/australian-dominos-pizza-complaints-12148616/, Cabbie terrorizes passengers with huge snake!
http://www.wmms.com/onair/maria-236/cabbie-terrorizes-passengers-with-snake-12148557/, (ICYM) 3 yr old debates everything!
http://www.wmms.com/onair/maria-236/this-3-year-old-debates-everything-12148388/, Collies wait for name to be called to dinner! Well behaved bunch!
http://www.wmms.com/onair/maria-236/collies-wait-for-name-to-be-12148235/, Dieter here, looking for something to do this weekend?  Check out The IX Piston Powered Auto-Rama at the IX Center!  If a piston makes it go, it’s in THIS show featuring over 1,000 vehicles covering one million square feet with Piston-Powered custom cars, bikes, boats, trucks more!, There's a number of closings and delays in preparation for the bad weather! Get the latest list, continually updated here: http://bit.ly/M6q3Tc, Love this. - Bill Squire 

http://www.wmms.com/onair/the-alan-cox-show-50360/the-wolf-of-sesame-street-mildly-12144351/, Have you checked out all of the great items up for bid in the March Online Auction? You can save $$ on restaurants, vacation getaways, auto repair & accessories, fitness, tattoo removal, day care, home improvement and more! Bid here now: http://bit.ly/1jIsiJk, She's got moves. - Bill Squire 

http://www.wmms.com/onair/the-alan-cox-show-50360/swimsuit-model-kind-of-dances-to-12144392/, What would you do for a Klondike bar? This girl learned to pole dance like a boss for a life time supply of them. - Bill Squire

http://www.wmms.com/onair/the-alan-cox-show-50360/bbw-pole-dances-into-your-heart-12144954/, Check out this short film where 20 strangers kiss for the first time. - Bill Squire 

http://www.wmms.com/onair/the-alan-cox-show-50360/20-strangers-kiss-for-the-first-12144358/, There have been some complaints about Chun Li's attire but not from Pete Holmes. - Bill Squire 

http://www.wmms.com/onair/the-alan-cox-show-50360/street-fighter-red-tape-chun-li-12144526/, "Don't Drive High" ads are airing in Colorado. - Bill Squire 

http://www.wmms.com/onair/the-alan-cox-show-50360/check-out-this-marijuana-dui-commercials-12143893/, Obama is the latest guest on Between Two Ferns. 


http://www.wmms.com/onair/the-alan-cox-show-50360/obama-on-between-two-ferns-12142845/, This is what your car sees driving down the road in Cleveland. - Bill Squire 

http://www.wmms.com/onair/the-alan-cox-show-50360/cleveland-potholes-w-hood-mounted-gopro-12140242/, Tough teacher's alter ego! Love this story!
http://www.wmms.com/onair/maria-236/tough-teachers-alter-ego-12140488, This kid gets excited when he hears the ice-cream truck music but his dismount isn't so smooth. - Bill Squire 

http://www.wmms.com/onair/the-alan-cox-show-50360/icecream-truck-kid-12140066/, Nodding mother on bus caught on cam. Disturbing!
http://www.wmms.com/onair/maria-236/nodding-mother-on-bus-horrifying-12140305/, This kid is a douche and I like when he says he was "detrimental" to his own career. - Bill Squire 

http://www.wmms.com/onair/the-alan-cox-show-50360/justin-bieber-being-an-arrogant-disrespectful-12140167/, This lawyer's tongue in cheek commercial is fantastic. - Bill Squire 

http://www.wmms.com/onair/the-alan-cox-show-50360/real-life-saul-goodman-12136758/, null, ICYMI: Bill Squire Gets Shocked 


http://www.wmms.com/onair/the-alan-cox-show-50360/bill-finally-gets-stun-gun-punishment-12135127/, ICYMI: Alan Gets Paintball Punishment 


http://www.wmms.com/onair/the-alan-cox-show-50360/alan-gets-his-paintball-punishment-12136059/, This lawyer's commercial is over the top and hilarious. - Bill Squire 

http://www.wmms.com/onair/the-alan-cox-show-50360/real-life-saul-goodman-12136758/, Check out Alan's paintball punishment. - Bill Squire 

http://www.wmms.com/onair/the-alan-cox-show-50360/alan-gets-his-paintball-punishment-12136059/, After yesterday's show we went to an undisclosed location and did the stun gun punishment. - Bill Squire

http://www.wmms.com/onair/the-alan-cox-show-50360/bill-finally-gets-stun-gun-punishment-12135127/, Don't drop the towel! This act takes balls!
http://www.wmms.com/onair/maria-236/dont-drop-the-towell-12135282/, Happy 30th Spinal Tap! "This goes to 11"
http://www.wmms.com/onair/maria-236/happy-30th-to-spinal-tap-12135223/, Waking up a monkey. Just like alot of us, right?
http://www.wmms.com/onair/maria-236/waking-up-a-monkey-12135183/, This bra is covering the goods! Take a peak!
http://www.wmms.com/onair/maria-236/this-bra-is-covering-the-goods-12135086/, Justice! - Bill Squire 

http://www.wmms.com/onair/the-alan-cox-show-50360/spray-painting-cars-that-take-up-12134585/, Primus is coming to Jacobs Pavilion at Nautica on May 22nd with Beats Antique. Purchase presale tickets NOW until 10pm tonight!, Question asked on RMG: What brings YOU the most joy in your life? - Corey, Loved the first one. This one should be just as good. - Bill Squire 

http://www.wmms.com/onair/the-alan-cox-show-50360/sin-city-a-dame-to-kill-12131998/, null, So simple. So funny. - Bill Squire 

http://www.wmms.com/onair/the-alan-cox-show-50360/pole-vaulting-over-the-river-fail-12131526/, Mother elephant rescues her calf! Rest of herd assists her!
http://www.wmms.com/onair/maria-236/mother-elephant-rescues-her-calf-12131285/, TV commercial for Pittsburgh lawyer. Is this for real?
http://www.wmms.com/onair/maria-236/attorney-commercial-is-this-for-real-12131230/, I'm an eighth of an inch above average. - Bill Squire 

http://www.wmms.com/onair/the-alan-cox-show-50360/are-you-above-or-below-average-12130931/, Have you seen the petition going around from our friends at Newsradio WTAM 1100 for the Cleveland Browns to retire Bernie Kosar's Jersey? Do you think they SHOULD retire #19? Sign the petition here! , Major Concert Tour Announcement! Queen and Adam Lambert will be teaming up for an arena tour this summer! Details here: http://bit.ly/1l6KlrP, In this monologue for The Pete Holmes Show, Pete explains why he is always laughing. Seriously watch this. I'm not claiming it is EPIC or will restore your faith in humanity but it is funny, sweet, and promotes positivity. - Bill Squire

http://www.wmms.com/onair/the-alan-cox-show-50360/pete-holmes-on-why-he-is-12129809/, Purchase Bill Maher presale tickets NOW until 10pm tonight!, DINOBOTS! - Bill Squire 

http://www.wmms.com/onair/the-alan-cox-show-50360/transformers-age-of-extinction-trailer-12126840/, Here is the Carl Sagan auto tune from a few years back that we just played on the show. - Bill Squire 

http://www.wmms.com/onair/the-alan-cox-show-50360/carl-sagan-a-glorious-dawn-ft-12127387/, "The Franchise" Shane Douglas is in studio to promote "Pro-Wrestlers Vs Zombies". - Bill Squire 

http://www.wmms.com/onair/the-alan-cox-show-50360/wrestlers-vs-zombies-12127254/, The Onion is the best. - Bill Squire 

http://www.wmms.com/onair/the-alan-cox-show-50360/new-marijuana-study-confirms-everyone-knows-12126466/, Drill instructor setting 10 yr old boy straight gets surprise reaction!
http://www.wmms.com/onair/maria-236/drill-instructor-setting-10-year-old-12126917/, Weather reporter gets blasted by plow during live report!
http://www.wmms.com/onair/maria-236/weather-reporter-gets-blasted-by-plow-12126900/, Toledo boy pays it forward to a soldier. Great Story!
http://www.wmms.com/onair/maria-236/toledo-boy-pays-it-forward-to-12126455/, Bill Burr would have made this a much better movie. - Bill Squire


http://www.wmms.com/onair/the-alan-cox-show-50360/what-happens-when-you-replace-scarjo-12125048/, null, Dogs sharing ice cream cone, uh sort of!
http://www.wmms.com/onair/maria-236/dogs-sharing-ice-cream-cones-12123846/, null, Our friends at Newsradio WTAM 1100 are giving away tickets to see the Cleveland Cavaliers take on the Miami Heat on Tuesday, March 18th at Quicken Loans Arena. Register for your shot to win now., This game looks bad ass. - Bill Squire 


http://www.wmms.com/onair/the-alan-cox-show-50360/batman-arkham-night-trailer-12122994/, Pot TV commercials are a thing now. - Bill Squire

http://www.wmms.com/onair/the-alan-cox-show-50360/first-national-marijuana-spot-12122327/, Interview with the guy who claims Courtney Love offered him 50K to off Kurt Cobain! (NSFW)
http://www.wmms.com/onair/maria-236/kurt-courtney-documentary-el-duce-interview-12122598/, Chinese airplane fight with subtitles! Funny sh*t. (NSFW)
http://www.wmms.com/onair/maria-236/chinese-airplane-fight-with-subtitles-nsfw-12122547/, Toronto Mayor Rob Ford is the sweatiest man alive. - Bill Squire


http://www.wmms.com/onair/the-alan-cox-show-50360/jimmy-kimmel-and-toronto-mayor-rob-12122343/, Cosmos starts this Sunday and I can't wait. - Bill Squire 

http://www.wmms.com/onair/the-alan-cox-show-50360/cosmos-a-space-time-odyssey-preview-12122080/, Sounds pretty rad being dialed back a bit. You dig? - Corey http://bit.ly/1g7R40z, Ellen hooks up the pizza boy with a huge tip. - Bill Squire 

http://www.wmms.com/onair/the-alan-cox-show-50360/ellens-oscar-pizza-guy-gets-his-12121681/, St. Patty's Day Bar Crawl!
http://www.wmms.com/pages/ads/killians/030314/, Other countries have way better PSA's than we do. - Bill Squire 

http://www.wmms.com/onair/the-alan-cox-show-50360/cycling-psa-with-explosive-message-12117799/, Mother forces son to fight! (NSFW)
http://www.wmms.com/onair/maria-236/mother-forces-son-to-fight-nsfw-12118121/, Fake chef pranks morning tv shows. Nobody calls BS!
http://www.wmms.com/onair/maria-236/fake-chef-pranks-morning-tv-shows-12117923/, Did Reese Witherspoon teleport last night?
http://www.wmms.com/onair/maria-236/did-reese-witherspoon-teleport-last-night-12117704/, The award for best product placement goes to... - Bill Squire

http://www.wmms.com/onair/the-alan-cox-show-50360/the-oscars-selfie-that-broke-twitter-12117112/, A Pearl-free Jam!--AC, U2 unplugged...now we're getting somewhere! #Oscars, and now...3 hours to go until they give out an award to someone we actually know #Oscars, thought Jamie Foxx had a hot new 20 yr old girlfriend, turns out it's his daughter #Oscars #fail, Hit the court with Kyrie Irving and WMMS in the Kyrie Irving Skills Challenge!  , Last day for submissions  - Send us a photo of your bike for a chance to win a 4pack of IX Piston Powered Auto Rama Tickets & $100 to South East Harley Davidson! , The Cleveland Cavaliers will retire Zydrunas Ilgauskas Jersey on March 8th. Register to win a pair of tickets now to be there to witness history! 
, Win tix to see Katt Williams 'Growth Spurt Tour' on Friday March 28th at Quicken Loans Arena , Is this too violent? I think it's hilarious. - Bill Squire

http://www.wmms.com/onair/the-alan-cox-show-50360/is-this-unaired-car-dealership-commercial-12114662/, Send us a photo of your bike for a chance to win a 4pack of IX Piston Powered Auto Rama Tickets & $100 to South East Harley Davidson! 
, Worst bike wash ever. - Bill Squire


http://www.wmms.com/onair/the-alan-cox-show-50360/dont-take-your-bike-to-her-12111614/, Win tix to see Katt Williams 'Growth Spurt Tour' on Friday March 28th at Quicken Loans Arena, Husky gets head massage! Ah a dog's life!
http://www.wmms.com/onair/maria-236/husky-gets-head-massage-12112346/, Dog dances to 80's pop music! Love this!
http://www.wmms.com/onair/maria-236/dog-dances-to-80s-pop-music-12112277/, Practical use for boobs, especially if you recycle!
http://www.wmms.com/onair/maria-236/practical-use-for-boobs-12112200/, Everything goes wrong for this guy. - Bill Squire 

http://www.wmms.com/onair/the-alan-cox-show-50360/russian-ingenuity-pull-starting-a-car-12111631/, This shouldn't have went as well as it did. - Bill Squire 

http://www.wmms.com/onair/the-alan-cox-show-50360/suicide-coffin-drop-in-at-burnside-12111589/, This is a thing that is out there. - Bill Squire 


http://www.wmms.com/onair/the-alan-cox-show-50360/first-video-from-inside-supreme-court-ever-12109654/, Send us a photo of your bike for a chance to win a 4pack of IX Piston Powered Auto Rama Tickets & $100 to South East Harley Davidson!, The Cleveland Cavaliers will retire Zydrunas Ilgauskas Jersey on March 8th! Be there to witness history! Register to win a pair of tickets » http://bit.ly/1cqFIDX, A man covered in jelly or jell-o had sex with a cow. Go ahead, watch it. - Bill Squire 

http://www.wmms.com/onair/the-alan-cox-show-50360/man-covered-in-jelly-has-sex-with-cow-12109513/, These parents react to their kids getting wild at a music fest. - Bill Squire 

http://www.wmms.com/onair/the-alan-cox-show-50360/parents-watching-their-kids-at-a-music-festival-nsfw-12109276/, Man abandons dog, caught on film. Hope they catch this bastard.
http://www.wmms.com/onair/maria-236/man-abandons-dog-caught-on-film-12108826/, Love stop motion animation. - Bill Squire 

http://www.wmms.com/onair/the-alan-cox-show-50360/fresh-guacamole-by-pes-shortest-film-ever-nominated-for-an-oscar-12108561/, Father and son rescue deer stuck on ice with hovercrafts. Good job!
http://www.wmms.com/onair/maria-236/hovercraft-deer-rescue-12108599/, Michael Sam was displaying more than just his athletic ability at the combine. - Bill Squire 
http://www.wmms.com/onair/the-alan-cox-show-50360/bonergate-12108366/, Houston, we have a father. - Bill Squire

http://www.wmms.com/onair/the-alan-cox-show-50360/dad-builds-son-working-mission-control-homework-desk-12107824/, Seth Rogen gives a funny and moving opening statement at the Senate hearing on Alzheimer's Research. My grandfather had Alzheimer's so this hit pretty close to home for me. - Bill Squire


http://www.wmms.com/onair/the-alan-cox-show-50360/seth-rogens-opening-statement-on-cspan-12107687/, Can't wait. - Bill Squire 

http://www.wmms.com/onair/the-alan-cox-show-50360/this-fan-made-game-of-thrones-trailer-kicks-ass-12105381/, Get ready to feel old...or young. - Bill Squire 

http://www.wmms.com/onair/the-alan-cox-show-50360/mtv-classic-80s-slang-12105025/, Guy does amazing Hank Hill impression. Close your eyes for this one!
http://www.wmms.com/onair/maria-236/guy-does-amazing-hank-hill-impression-12104458/, Malmute protects his owmers by leading moose away!
http://www.wmms.com/onair/maria-236/malmute-leads-moose-away-from-its-12104438/, Girl's first ski jump! Love when kids try thrilling things for the first time.
http://www.wmms.com/onair/maria-236/girlss-first-ski-jump-12104428/, Some one took clips of McBain from The Simpsons and pieced them together in order to make McBain: The Movie. - Bill Squire 

http://www.wmms.com/onair/the-alan-cox-show-50360/the-full-mcbain-movie-pieced-together-from-simpsons-episodes-12104243/, While being beaten, police officer shoots suspect. See the story here. Warning - Graphic content.
http://www.wmms.com/onair/maria-236/while-being-beaten-police-officer-shoots-suspect-12104263/, Dogs helping their humans shovel snow compilation!
http://www.wmms.com/onair/maria-236/dogs-helping-shoveling-snow-compilation-12104109/, Want more sleaze? Who says Big Hair Wednesday is over? >;) - Corey , MAJOR ANNOUNCEMENT: Introducing the first-ever #iHeartAwards – live from Los Angeles on May 1st on NBC! 

iHeartRadio will be honoring your favorite songs of the year and the artists who created them. Be part of the show by voting across 10 different categories, now and often: www.iheartradio.com/awards, This is why China is becoming so powerful. - Bill Squire 

http://www.wmms.com/onair/the-alan-cox-show-50360/chinese-corset-commercial-12099903/, We're proud to be part of iHeartRadio's #ShowYourStripes movement to support hiring vets. Hire Smart. Hire Vets. Find out more here: www.showyourstripes.org, Here is the weird new Milk commercial. - Bill Squire 

http://www.wmms.com/onair/the-alan-cox-show-50360/new-milk-ad-campaign-is-weird-12101212/, Vote for "Darnell 25" for best new musician! - Bill Squire 

http://posting.clevescene.com/cleveland/Survey?survey=3783820, If ZOMBEAVERS doesn't win an Oscar I'm gonna be pissed. - Bill Squire

http://www.wmms.com/onair/the-alan-cox-show-50360/zombeavers-trailer-nsfw-12100648/, The new Godzilla trailer actually looks really...good. I think I'm excited for this movie. - Bill Squire 

http://www.wmms.com/onair/the-alan-cox-show-50360/new-godzilla-trailer-with-lots-of-bryan-cranston-12100181/, Elderly woman who waves at students everyday gets big surprise. Brought a tear to my eye!
http://www.wmms.com/onair/maria-236/elderly-women-who-waves-at-students-12100114/, Monster truck tug of war fail!
http://www.wmms.com/onair/maria-236/monster-truck-tug-of-war-fail-12100011/, Girl gets slapped by whale.
http://www.wmms.com/onair/maria-236/whale-bitch-slap-12100055/, A great tribute for Z by the Cavs. - Bill Squire 

http://www.nba.com/cavaliers/allforz, Based on this guys sales technique would you pay for this lady's services? - Bill Squire 

http://www.wmms.com/onair/the-alan-cox-show-50360/british-prostitution-negotiations-nsfw-language-12099954/, Did you see them fall on that big deck? - Bill Squire 

http://www.wmms.com/onair/the-alan-cox-show-50360/indiana-deck-collapse-12099694/, ICYMI: Bill Squire's (Perfect) Ten Episode 2 

http://www.wmms.com/onair/the-alan-cox-show-50360/bill-squires-perfect-ten-episode-2-youre-wrong-and-thats-okay-12076375/, This trailer is "hard" to sit through. - Bill Squire 

http://www.wmms.com/onair/the-alan-cox-show-50360/dickumentary-12094347/, In honor of the sugar talk from last break. - Bill Squire 

http://www.wmms.com/onair/the-alan-cox-show-50360/taintsmasher-type-three-diabetes-11981556/, A sixty second recap of my favorite action movie of all time. - Bill Squire 

http://www.wmms.com/onair/the-alan-cox-show-50360/die-hard-in-60-seconds-nsfw-language-12095617/, Dog in deep sleep! wonder what he's dreaming?
http://www.wmms.com/onair/maria-236/sleeping-dog-12095969/, 4 year old rocks the drums! Love this kid!
http://www.wmms.com/onair/maria-236/4-year-old-boy-rocks-the-drums-12095946/, Lamborghini with custom LED lighting! Insane!
http://www.wmms.com/onair/maria-236/lamborghini-with-custom-led-lighting-12095840/, Bird shatters plane's windshield in flight. Holy crap!
http://www.wmms.com/onair/maria-236/bird-shatters-planes-windshield-in-flight-12095807/
, RIP Egon. - Bill Squire 

http://www.wmms.com/onair/the-alan-cox-show-50360/actor-writer-director-harold-ramis-dead-at-69-12095523/, And now, sticking it to the man on live TV: Enuff Z'nuff - Corey , What would the internet be without Russian dash cam footage? - Bill Squire 

http://www.wmms.com/onair/the-alan-cox-show-50360/highway-to-hell-insane-highway-crash-caught-on-camera-12095116/, ICYMI: Brian Kenny Explains What It's Like To Be a Browns Fan 

http://www.wmms.com/onair/the-alan-cox-show-50360/brian-kenny-explains-what-its-like-to-be-a-browns-fan-nsfw-language-12087300/,  Hit the court with Kyrie Irving and WMMS in the Kyrie Irving Skills Challenge! , Submission period ends tonight - Send us a photo of your ink for a chance to Scrap your Tatt!
, How they deal with annoying neighbors in the UK (NSFW)
http://www.wmms.com/onair/maria-236/how-they-deal-with-annoying-neighbors-12090666/, Super Mario theme played on ancient Chinese instrument. Love this!
http://www.wmms.com/onair/maria-236/super-mario-theme-played-on-ancient-12090675/, This really picks up at about the 2 min mark. These guys have a ton of videos like this on youtube. Great stuff. - Bill Squire 

http://www.wmms.com/onair/the-alan-cox-show-50360/acdc-thunderstruck-on-2-cellos-12090520/, Baby girl moose kicks man's ass!
http://www.wmms.com/onair/maria-236/released-baby-moose-attacks-12090509/, Canadian news anchors react to the gold. Wish it was the US girls!
http://www.wmms.com/onair/maria-236/canadian-news-anchors-react-to-taking-the-gold-12090423/, Remember that wolf walking down the hall in the Olympic Villiage? It was Jimmy Kimmel at it again.
http://www.wmms.com/onair/maria-236/olympic-wolf-hoax-12090318/, This girl is terrified of tumbleweeds. I feel bad for her bf cause she is very annoying. - Bill Squire 

http://www.wmms.com/onair/the-alan-cox-show-50360/girl-freaks-out-over-tumbleweeds-language-nsfw-12090204/, I hope Nintendo joins this dude onstage for the encore! - Corey , ICYMI: Brian Williams Does Rappers Delight 

http://www.wmms.com/onair/the-alan-cox-show-50360/brian-williams-raps-rappers-delight-12084917/, Brian Kenny was on the ACS Comedy tour last year. Check out his thoughts on what it's like to be a Browns fan. - Bill Squire 

http://www.wmms.com/onair/the-alan-cox-show-50360/brian-kenny-explains-what-its-like-to-be-a-browns-fan-nsfw-language-12087300/, This is fresh. - Bill Squire 

http://www.wmms.com/onair/the-alan-cox-show-50360/christian-hotline-gets-pranked-12082773/, I'm on the fence with this one. Hope it's good. - Bill Squire

http://www.wmms.com/onair/the-alan-cox-show-50360/guardians-of-the-galaxy-trailer-12081216/, I've never seen this before but this kid rules. - Bill Squire 

http://www.wmms.com/onair/the-alan-cox-show-50360/how-the-coolest-kid-ever-wakes-up-12086678/, What it's really like to work in a music store. Aint that the truth!
http://www.wmms.com/onair/maria-236/what-its-really-like-to-work-12086710/, Daughter confesses to stabbing mother on camera during news report! Crazy sh*t!
http://www.wmms.com/onair/maria-236/daughter-confesses-to-stabbing-mother-during-news-report-12086613/, Cedar Point announced today it is adding the Slingshot ride this season. Thrill seekers, here's what you're in for!
http://www.wmms.com/onair/maria-236/ultimate-slingshot-ride-compilation-12086455/, Mother filming kids while driving crashes! Thank god no one was hurt.
http://www.wmms.com/onair/maria-236/dont-film-and-drive-12086296/, Kurt Cobain would have turned 47 today. Here is some of Nirvana's last show in LA.
http://www.wmms.com/onair/maria-236/nirvanas-last-la-show-12086197/, This is the best one of these things I've ever seen. Well done Jimmy Fallon and The Tonight Show. - Bill Squire 

http://www.wmms.com/onair/the-alan-cox-show-50360/brian-williams-raps-rappers-delight-12084917/, WARNING DISTURBING CONTENT: PUSSY RIOT, RIOT. 

http://www.wmms.com/onair/the-alan-cox-show-50360/pussy-riot-whipped-by-russian-police-12082615/, Cuban baseball brawl! Crazy!
http://www.wmms.com/onair/maria-236/cuban-baseball-brawl-12082132/, Same car, same crime, different results. - Bill Squire 

http://www.wmms.com/onair/the-alan-cox-show-50360/watch-the-different-reaction-to-a-white-guy-trying-to-break-into-a-car-and-black-guy-trying-to-break-into-a-car-12082229/, Kansas debating law to allow teachers and caregivers to spank harder.
http://www.wmms.com/onair/maria-236/spanking-unruly-kids-12082064/, Elephant sees another of her kind for first time in 37 years.
http://www.wmms.com/onair/maria-236/elephant-sees-another-of-her-kind-for-first-time-in-37-years-12081807/, This response to the disabled vet attacked by teen mob says it all!
http://www.wmms.com/onair/maria-236/response-to-disabled-vet-attacked-by-teen-mob-12081500/, I think he should've kissed her then held up the sign. - Bill Squire

http://www.wmms.com/onair/the-alan-cox-show-50360/how-to-avoid-the-kiss-cam-12081004/, A message to those that peaked in high school. - Bill Squire

http://www.wmms.com/onair/the-alan-cox-show-50360/a-message-from-the-formerly-popular-12077308/, Goats rule. - Bill Squire 

http://www.wmms.com/onair/the-alan-cox-show-50360/goat-parkour-12073447/, What'd you think of Jimmy Fallon on The Tonight Show? - Bill Squire 

http://www.wmms.com/onair/the-alan-cox-show-50360/evolution-of-hiphop-dancing-w-jimmy-fallon-will-smith-12077370/, Chinese man's rescue of suicidal daughter!
http://www.wmms.com/onair/maria-236/chinese-mans-dramatic-rescue-of-suicidal-12077707/, College students don't know basic bill or rights. Yikes!
http://www.wmms.com/onair/maria-236/college-students-dont-know-basic-bill-of-rights-12077791/, Dog runs on field during soccer match and expresses his dislike for the game!
http://www.wmms.com/onair/maria-236/this-dog-must-hate-soccer-12077636/, Bus crash dash cam.. Holy crap!
http://www.wmms.com/onair/maria-236/bus-crash-dash-cam-holy-crap-12077534/, Kate Upton + Zero Gravity = Happiness 

http://www.wmms.com/onair/the-alan-cox-show-50360/kate-upton-in-zero-gravity-12077275/, Here is episode 2 of BSPT. Enjoy. - Bill Squire 

http://www.wmms.com/onair/the-alan-cox-show-50360/bill-squires-perfect-ten-episode-2-youre-wrong-and-thats-okay-12076375/, Does your ink stink? Submit a photo of your tattoo & tell us about why your tattoo's gotta go., Morning! It’s really a mess out there on the roads this morning! School closings and delays are rolling in! Get the latest list, continually updated here: http://bit.ly/M6q3Tc
, What the hell is Ryu saying? - Bill Squire 

http://www.wmms.com/onair/the-alan-cox-show-50360/ryu-from-street-fighter-has-a-meeting-with-standards-and-practices-12074473/, Kids fall and this dad loves it. - Bill Squire 

http://www.wmms.com/onair/the-alan-cox-show-50360/dad-cant-stop-laughing-while-filming-kids-slipping-on-ice-12074447/, Wolf Of Wall Street gets metal in this mash up. - Bill Squire 



http://www.wmms.com/onair/the-alan-cox-show-50360/meshuggah-wolf-of-wall-street-mashup-12073422/, Raven lands on guys shoulder, steals his joint!
http://www.wmms.com/onair/maria-236/raven-lands-on-dudes-shoulder-steals-his-joint-12073576/, Not all the hotels in Sochi are as bad as you think. - Bill Squire 

http://www.wmms.com/onair/the-alan-cox-show-50360/russian-hotel-commercial-12073478/, Disabled veteran attacked by mob of teens in Public Square. Hate crime?
http://www.wmms.com/onair/maria-236/disabled-veteran-attacked-by-mob-of-12073334/, Dogs and cats that hate kisses compilation!
http://www.wmms.com/onair/maria-236/dogs-and-cats-that-hate-kisses-compilation-12073309/, Hot chick wrestles dude, make him tap out in seconds.
http://www.wmms.com/onair/maria-236/this-chicks-got-the-moves-12073269/, Leon's slip of the tongue or Wayne's word choice fail? 
http://www.wmms.com/onair/maria-236/wayne-or-leon-12072914/, I almost crapped my pants watching this I couldn't imagine what it would've been like on the plane. - Bill Squire


http://www.wmms.com/onair/the-alan-cox-show-50360/intense-landing-of-767-boeing-in-severe-winds-12072541/, ICYMI: Leon Bibb Says "T!Tties"


http://www.wmms.com/onair/alan-cox-show-blog-50360/leon-bibb-says-ttties-by-mistake-12069926/, Does your ink stink? Rover's Morning Glory & Cosmetic Rejuvenation Center are giving you a shot to Scrap Your Tatt! http://bit.ly/1cz13Lc, Hit the court with Kyrie Irving and WMMS in the Kyrie Irving Skills Challenge!  , Leon Bibb has some Valentine's Day advice to get some titties in your life. - Bill Squire

http://www.wmms.com/onair/alan-cox-show-blog-50360/leon-bibb-says-ttties-by-mistake-12069926/, Here is another weird video that Taintsmasher found. - Bill Squire 

http://www.wmms.com/onair/the-alan-cox-show-50360/wtf-baby-bottle-nipple-googles-12068753/, This is the worst daily puke ever. - Bill Squire 

http://www.wmms.com/onair/the-alan-cox-show-50360/your-daily-puke-fruit-fly-larva-living-in-ear-12068824/, Naughty Minnie! What's by her mouth?
http://www.wmms.com/onair/maria-236/naughty-minnie-
12068596/, Work smart not hard...

http://www.wmms.com/onair/the-alan-cox-show-50360/genius-shovels-snow-into-shopping-cart-12063771/, Skater Ashley Wagner's Valentines Day Card!
http://www.wmms.com/onair/maria-236/skater-ashley-wagners-twitter-valentines-day-card-12068472/, Valentine's Day Prank! (NSFW)
http://www.wmms.com/onair/maria-236/valentines-day-prank-nsfw-12068382/, The truth about being single! Love this!
http://www.wmms.com/onair/maria-236/the-truth-about-being-single-12068250/, Woman sticks by high school sweetheart after tragic accident. Amazing love story.
http://www.wmms.com/onair/maria-236/true-love-story-12068143/, Win a $50 Visa Gift Card or $50 to Quaker Steak and Lube courtesy of  J.D. Byrider! , I think they've found a replacement for Slash. - Bill Squire 

http://www.wmms.com/onair/the-alan-cox-show-50360/amazing-sweet-child-o-mine-cover-on-chinese-stringed-instrument-called-a-guzheng-12067664/, Thursday is a good day. - Bill Squire 

http://www.wmms.com/onair/the-alan-cox-show-50360/things-that-bounce-thursday-12064950/, Here's the Key and Peele sketch we just played. - Bill Squire 

http://www.wmms.com/onair/the-alan-cox-show-50360/substitute-teacher-12065218/, Can't stand Drake. - Bill Squire 

http://www.wmms.com/onair/the-alan-cox-show-50360/drake-is-pissed-at-rolling-stone-for-pulling-his-cover-and-putting-philip-seymour-hoffman-on-12065053/, Angela from "The Office" an Olympian?
http://www.wmms.com/onair/maria-236/angela-from-the-office-an-olympian-12064891/, New Olympic sport, cat curling! Sorry cat lovers.
http://www.wmms.com/onair/maria-236/cat-curling-12064777/, School closing announcement ala Vanilla Ice.
http://www.wmms.com/onair/maria-236/another-clever-school-closing-announcement-12064160/, Oakland is the wild west. What the hell is happening in our country?
http://www.wmms.com/onair/maria-236/mean-streets-of-oakland-12064126/, Norwegian Olympic commercial, wait for it.
http://www.wmms.com/onair/maria-236/norwegian-olympic-commercial-12064024/, I think I found my punishment for the next Polar Blast Battle. - Bill Squire 

http://www.wmms.com/onair/the-alan-cox-show-50360/two-girls-one-punch-12063336/, Does your ink stink? Rover's Morning Glory & Cosmetic Rejuvenation Center are giving you a shot to Scrap Your Tatt! http://bit.ly/1cz13Lc, I like when two things I love come together to make a new thing I love. - Bill Squire 

http://www.wmms.com/onair/the-alan-cox-show-50360/the-wolf-of-albuquerque-breaking-bad-goes-scorsese-12063457/, ICYMI: Achy Breaky Rap 

http://www.wmms.com/onair/the-alan-cox-show-50360/achy-breaky-rap-12059887/, This sucks. 8 Corvettes gone in a flash. - Bill Squire 

http://www.wmms.com/onair/the-alan-cox-show-50360/sinkhole-swallows-8-classic-corvettes-12061539/, Bill Murray does a very revealing interview with Charlie Rose. - Bill Squire 

http://www.wmms.com/onair/the-alan-cox-show-50360/bill-murrays-candid-hour-long-interview-with-charlie-rose-12061409/, Great speech. - Bill Squire

http://www.wmms.com/onair/the-alan-cox-show-50360/dallas-sportscaster-on-michael-sam-being-openly-gay-12060516/, Check out the new submissions to the CLE-vage gallery. - Bill Squire 

http://www.wmms.com/onair/the-alan-cox-show-50360/new-clevage-12060710/, Pissed off goat attacks!
http://www.wmms.com/onair/maria-236/when-goats-attack-12060682/, Kid out of control in arcade. WTF parents.
http://www.wmms.com/onair/maria-236/kid-out-of-conrrtol-in-arcade-12060671/, Idiots on the highway compilation.
http://www.wmms.com/onair/maria-236/idiots-on-the-highway-compilation-12060649/, Westminster Dog Show faux pas, cue in at 37:13 to hear what the TV announcer says.
http://www.wmms.com/onair/maria-236/westminster-dog-show-faux-pas-12060482/, Billy Ray Cyrus has released a rap version of his hit song "Achy Breaky Heart" and if you turn the audio off it isn't a bad music video. - Bill Squire 

http://www.wmms.com/onair/the-alan-cox-show-50360/achy-breaky-rap-12059887/, Alan says it all the time "Freedom of speech is not freedom from speech."   - Bill Squire

http://www.wmms.com/onair/the-alan-cox-show-50360/kent-state-wrestler-suspended-over-homophobic-tweets-12059683/, This is so stupid but I laughed real hard. - Bill Squire 

http://www.wmms.com/onair/the-alan-cox-show-50360/olympic-figure-farting-12059437/, Beware the scary snowman. - Bill Squire 


http://www.wmms.com/onair/the-alan-cox-show-50360/scary-snowman-prank-12055896/, Canadian Institute of Diversity and Inclusion luge ad.
http://www.wmms.com/onair/maria-236/canadian-institute-of-diversity-and-inclusion-luge-ad-12056343/, Man caught playing with his ? in barber shop chair!
http://www.wmms.com/onair/maria-236/man-caught-playing-with-his-in-barber-chair-12056317/, Car rolls over into occupied parking lot! Holy crap!
http://www.wmms.com/onair/maria-236/car-rolls-over-into-parking-lot-holy-crap-12056259/, This fan made Robocop remake is as disturbing as it is hilarious. - Bill Squire 
http://www.wmms.com/onair/the-alan-cox-show-50360/robocop-shoots-off-a-bunch-of-dongs-nsfw-12055887/, Fred Armisen and Questlove go head to head in a Late Night Drumoff. - Bill Squire 

http://www.wmms.com/onair/the-alan-cox-show-50360/fred-armisen-questlove-drumoff-12055558/, More on the Browns front office shakeup! http://bit.ly/1bILiBa, Cleveland Browns say #JoeBanner and #MikeLombardi are leaving the team! #RayFarmer is the new GM! More details soon!, Well, maybe I'm just a sentimental wreck but I hate when people I love as a child bite it. RIP Shirley Temple - Corey , I think a real plumber would've hit it. - Bill Squire

http://www.wmms.com/onair/the-alan-cox-show-50360/adult-film-a-real-life-parody-the-plumber-12053150/, This guy pissed off the wrong melon farmer. - Bill Squire

http://www.wmms.com/onair/the-alan-cox-show-50360/samuel-l-jackson-destroys-news-anchor-im-not-laurence-fishburne-you-moron-12052811/, Russia is just the worst. - Bill Squire 


http://www.wmms.com/onair/the-alan-cox-show-50360/russia-gay-men-beaten-on-camera-nsfw-12052166/, Metallica bassist Cliff Burton would have been 52 today. Here a compilation of his bass solos.
http://www.wmms.com/onair/maria-236/cliff-burtons-bass-solo-compilation-12052233/, The end of this video looks like a crash from a Michael Bay movie. - Bill Squire

http://www.wmms.com/onair/the-alan-cox-show-50360/wrongway-crash-video-12051189/, Squirrel hides nuts in dog!
http://www.wmms.com/onair/maria-236/squirrel-hides-nuts-in-dog-12052186/, Ava Devine may be the next coach of the Cavs if this works. - Bill Squire 

http://www.wmms.com/onair/the-alan-cox-show-50360/porn-star-ava-devine-will-bang-all-the-cavs-if-they-make-the-playoffs-12052231/, Why men will watch the winter Olympics! Canadian skater Kaetlyn Osmond. Guys check it out!
http://www.wmms.com/onair/maria-236/why-men-will-watch-the-winter-olympics-12052057/, 4 year old expresses frustration to the weather!
http://www.wmms.com/onair/maria-236/4-year-old-boy-sick-of-the-weather-12051724/, I'd never heard of Michael Sam before today but I think what he is doing is very brave. Your thoughts? - Bill Squire

http://www.wmms.com/onair/alan-cox-show-blog-50360/missouri-de-michael-sam-comes-out-12050659/, We're proud to be part of iHeartRadio's #ShowYourStripes movement to support hiring vets. Hire Smart. Hire Vets. Find out more here: www.showyourstripes.org, Walking Dead: Some Make It...Some Don't! See which characters have survived so far....and see how those that didn't have perished! http://bit.ly/1d7fWby, Win a pair of Alice in Chains tickets! http://bit.ly/1bxumNK, Give a current or former military member a MONSTER SALUTE by winning a Suite for Monster Jam., Give a current or former military member a MONSTER SALUTE by winning a Suite for Monster Jam. , Win a pair of tickets to see Amy Schumer's Back Door Tour. http://bit.ly/1nhbfgf, Crazy recovery! - Bill Squire

http://www.wmms.com/onair/the-alan-cox-show-50360/amazing-luge-recovery-12047449/, Win a pair of Alice in Chains tickets!, While discussing a story about black history month we were reminded of this great moment. - Bill Squire 

http://www.wmms.com/onair/the-alan-cox-show-50360/epic-black-woman-in-watermelon-eating-contest-tosh0-12047351/, Conan is just as excited about The Walking Dead as you are. - Bill Squire

http://www.wmms.com/onair/the-alan-cox-show-50360/conans-the-walking-dead-cold-open-12047034/, The four wheeler is my favorite. - Bill Squire 

http://www.wmms.com/onair/the-alan-cox-show-50360/faceplants-compilation-language-nsfw-12046337/, Tree falls on car while guy is driving! Caught on his dash cam!
http://www.wmms.com/onair/maria-236/tree-falls-on-car-caught-on-drivers-dash-cam-12046681/, Drunk hockey goalie! Funny as hell!
http://www.wmms.com/onair/maria-236/drunk-hockey-goalie-12046293/, Subaru WRX pulls out cop car stuck in snow!
http://www.wmms.com/onair/maria-236/subaru-wrx-pulls-out-stuck-cop-car-12046209/, I was thinking the same thing. - Bill Squire 

http://www.wmms.com/onair/the-alan-cox-show-50360/the-internet-makes-a-ken-ham-adam-sandler-connection-12045355/, Thanks! - Bill Squire, Nick Offerman is the greatest. - Bill Squire 

http://www.wmms.com/onair/the-alan-cox-show-50360/nick-offermans-sundance-secret-is-a-song-about-psy-and-weed-12042998/, They really got a kick out of this. - Bill Squire

http://www.wmms.com/onair/the-alan-cox-show-50360/how-you-can-tell-the-car-behind-you-is-listening-to-the-same-radio-station-as-you-12042503/, 5 reasons not to mess with a girl's purse! Don't F with this chick!
http://www.wmms.com/onair/maria-236/5-reasons-not-to-mess-with-12042514/, (ICYMI) Cop handcuffs fireman assisting accident victims at crash site!
http://www.wmms.com/onair/maria-236/cop-handcuffs-fireman-assisting-accident-victims-at-crash-site-12042186/, Puppy water taxi! Love this!
http://www.wmms.com/onair/maria-236/puppy-water-taxi-12042148/, BREAKING: Cavs Fire GM Chris Grant! Thoughts? http://bit.ly/1eYhIYW, Snow plow throw takes out pedestrian!
http://www.wmms.com/onair/maria-236/snow-plow-takes-out-pedestrian-12042121/, I love simple pranks like this. - Bill Squire


http://www.wmms.com/onair/the-alan-cox-show-50360/drive-thru-hearing-names-prank-12041355/, Purchase Quiet Riot presale tickets NOW until 10pm tonight! http://bit.ly/1lz65R9, Would you react like this if you fell through a ceiling? - Bill Squire

http://www.wmms.com/onair/the-alan-cox-show-50360/man-falls-through-ceiling-has-unexpected-reaction-12041163/, Ugh. This girl. - Bill Squire

http://www.wmms.com/onair/the-alan-cox-show-50360/bronco-fan-babe-freaks-out-during-super-bowl-language-nsfw-12038274/, Rob Ford's look back video will be your favorite. - Bill Squire

http://www.wmms.com/onair/the-alan-cox-show-50360/this-is-what-rob-fords-facebook-look-back-video-would-look-like-12039488/, Facebook won't let this guy into his late son's account. - Bill Squire

http://www.wmms.com/onair/the-alan-cox-show-50360/father-pleads-with-facebook-to-see-late-sons-movie-12039103/, SCIENCE! - Bill Squire 

http://www.wmms.com/onair/the-alan-cox-show-50360/dropping-a-magnet-through-a-copper-tube-12038373/, This kid is so pumped about getting 1 like on youtube. I wish I knew what that was like (plays sad Hulk music walks away).  - Bill Squire

http://www.wmms.com/onair/the-alan-cox-show-50360/enthusiastic-kid-makes-youtube-video-celebrating-one-like-12038213/, Joakim Noah F' U's the refs! NBA becoming the WWE?
http://www.wmms.com/onair/maria-236/joakim-noah-f-yous-the-refs-12038543/, Man saves dogs life with CPR. Truly and angel!
http://www.wmms.com/onair/maria-236/man-saves-dog-with-cpr-12038478/, Farmer and his dog rescue sheep buried alive under snow for 3 days. Amazing!
http://www.wmms.com/onair/maria-236/farmer-and-his-dog-rescue-sheep-buried-alive-under-snow-for-3-days-12038306/, Jani Lane Tribute Video. Jani would have turned 50 this past Saturday.
http://www.wmms.com/onair/maria-236/jani-lane-tribute-video-12037979/, The Olympic Games are going to trigger The Hunger Games. - Bill Squire

http://www.wmms.com/onair/the-alan-cox-show-50360/everyone-is-getting-hacked-at-sochi-olympics-12037855/, Check out the Polar Blast Battle Recap. Thanks Boston Mills/Brandywine Ski Resort for having us out. - Bill Squire 



http://www.wmms.com/pages/alancoxshow.html?article=12035297, We're now up to over 300 school closings this morning! Check out the latest list continually updated here: http://bit.ly/M6q3Tc, ICYMI: This Video Will Make You Want To Upgrade Your Car Stereo Immediately (NSFW)

Read more: http://www.wmms.com/pages/alancoxshow.html?article=12033919#ixzz2sOGa09o2, I left the gas on but did I start the high speed camera? - Bill Squire

http://www.wmms.com/pages/alancoxshow.html?article=12033578, The snow is starting to fall! We've got your list of school closings and delays, continually updated here: http://bit.ly/M6q3Tc, Get it together Florida. - Bill Squire

http://www.wmms.com/pages/alancoxshow.html?article=12033504, The How And Why Of Heroin Addiction.

http://www.wmms.com/pages/alancoxshow.html?article=12035057, Line up for the Doritos Glory Hole. - Bill Squire

http://www.wmms.com/pages/alancoxshow.html?article=12034332, WTF? Your Daily Puke: Popeye Arm Finger - Bill Squire

http://www.wmms.com/pages/alancoxshow.html?article=12034377, Surfer ride 80 ft wave! Insane!
http://www.wmms.com/pages/mariapage.html?article=12034356, 13 reasons the '95 Cleveland Indians were the greatest. Love this!
http://www.wmms.com/pages/mariapage.html?article=12034404, Dude farts on his poor dog who is obviously not impressed.
http://www.wmms.com/pages/mariapage.html?article=12034347, School closing announcement ala Bohemian Rhapsody! Creative!
http://www.wmms.com/pages/mariapage.html?article=12034055, Seems like a good investment. - Bill Squire 

http://www.wmms.com/pages/alancoxshow.html?article=12033919, This kid can't handle his emotions. I hope he pulls his sh!t together before take off. - Bill Squire

http://www.wmms.com/pages/alancoxshow.html?article=12033601, Well, that was a pretty metal trip to Hollywood! As I try and recover details and evidence check out some of my pix from the Motley Crue press conference - Corey , Good marketing here. - Bill Squire

http://www.wmms.com/pages/alancoxshow.html?article=12029866, It's an honor to be hated by Ron Swanson. - Bill Squire

http://www.wmms.com/pages/alancoxshow.html?article=12031025, They were sad jacking in Denver last night. - Bill Squire

http://www.wmms.com/pages/alancoxshow.html?article=12030642, This video is one of the coolest things I've seen. I wish it was longer. - Bill Squire

http://www.wmms.com/pages/alancoxshow.html?article=12029991, This kid pranks his dad and it is glorious. - Bill Squire

http://www.wmms.com/pages/alancoxshow.html?article=12030096, Prince kicks Kim Kardashian off stage!
http://www.wmms.com/pages/mariapage.html?article=12030191, Baby obsessed with Parks and Rec theme song!
http://www.wmms.com/pages/mariapage.html?article=12030161, Radio Shack Super Bowl Ad. The 80's called, they want their store back. Love this.
http://www.wmms.com/pages/mariapage.html?article=12030078, Win four tickets to see Fed Cup Tennis at Public Auditorium on Saturday, February 8th and Sunday, February 9th., null, This local ad made by a lawyer in Georgia is intense, ridiculous, and I love it. - Bill Squire

http://www.wmms.com/pages/alancoxshow.html?article=12029775, I'm pretty damn excited for this movie. - Bill Squire

http://www.wmms.com/pages/alancoxshow.html?article=12029577, Bro, your elbows are lookin' swole... http://www.roverradio.com/videos/official-show-videos/item/how-to-get-in-shape-with-jeffrey-larocque, ICYMI here's a quick recap of the Super Bowl http://cdn2.sbnation.com/assets/3923853/linecollapse.gif, WORLD PREMIERE: U2 is back with a new song, “Invisible”: http://bit.ly/MpkMXd

Like the song? Help in (RED)'s fight against AIDS. Download the song on iTunes starting now. 
For every download Bank of America will donate $1. #NewU2Song www.red.org, ICYMI: The Alan Cox Show Banned Commercial

http://www.wmms.com/pages/alancoxshow.html?article=12025494, BREAKING: Philip Seymour Hoffman Dies At Age 46 Of Drug Overdose

Read more: http://www.wmms.com/pages/alancoxshow.html?article=12027179#ixzz2sCBKyVog, Top 25 Super Bowl Commercials of All Time! http://bit.ly/1j0uaP4, null, Dr. Berglund from the Cleveland Clinic is in for "Is It Red?" check out our banned commercial. - Bill Squire
http://www.wmms.com/pages/alancoxshow.html?article=12025494, If you love riding fat hogs, meet up with Dieter from Rover's Morning Glory tomorrow at the International Motorcycle Show!  He'll be the big muscley guy with a prize wheel and a baseball hat on from 1 til 3 at the IX Center.  Can't miss him., BREAKING: Jesse Eisenberg And Jeremy Irons Cast In The Superman/Batman Film As Lex Luthor And Alfred!

Read more: http://www.wmms.com/pages/alancoxshow.html?article=12025189#ixzz2s0hZccjY, Dog guards mans bike. Really is man's best friend!
http://www.wmms.com/pages/mariapage.html?article=12024821, Budweiser Puppy Love Superbowl commercial. Brings a tear to my eye!
http://www.wmms.com/pages/mariapage.html?article=12024439, We have the original video and the death metal remix. - Bill Squire

http://www.wmms.com/pages/alancoxshow.html?article=12020694, ICYMI: This Australian Stay In School Ad Will Blow Your Mind (NSFW)

Read more: http://www.wmms.com/pages/alancoxshow.html?article=12019697#ixzz2rvOlFTxg, This is extremely catchy. - Bill Squire 

http://www.wmms.com/pages/alancoxshow.html?article=12021903, Jimmy Fallon gets comfort from the men of Full House. - Bill Squire

http://www.wmms.com/pages/alancoxshow.html?article=12020705, Longest sentence for contempt in Elyria court history! Happened in August so I'm sure she's still in jail and probably still talking!
http://www.wmms.com/pages/mariapage.html?article=12021068, Unplugged headphones porn prank! Reactions are priceless! (NSFW)
http://www.wmms.com/pages/mariapage.html?article=12020961, Audi Doberhuahua Super Bowl Ad - Love this!
http://www.wmms.com/pages/mariapage.html?article=12020801, We were giggling like idiots watching this. - Bill Squire

http://www.wmms.com/pages/alancoxshow.html?article=12020682, Purchase Volbeat presale tix NOW until 10pm tonight! http://bit.ly/1b5DdJq, Australians don't mess around when it comes to stay in school ads. - Bill Squire

http://www.wmms.com/pages/alancoxshow.html?article=12019697, Purchase Motley Crue presale tickets NOW through Friday, January 31st at 10pm! , Purchase Alice in Chains presale tix NOW until 10pm tonight! http://bit.ly/1b8k5HU, null, ICYMI: Taylor Swift Attacked At Grammy Awards http://www.wmms.com/pages/alancoxshow.html?article=12015074, A compilation of all the best fake websites on Law and Order. I love this. - Bill Squire

http://www.wmms.com/pages/alancoxshow.html?article=12017482, This dashing young man is quite perturbed by the results of the Royal Rumble wrestling contest. - Bill Squire

http://www.wmms.com/pages/alancoxshow.html?article=12016654, Jimmy Kimmel show asks people if they watched the State of the Union address and their opinions BEFORE it happened. These people lie their ass off!
http://www.wmms.com/pages/mariapage.html?article=12016822, Oncoming semis nearly collide after one tries to pass plow on 2 lane highway. I think this poor driver needs a new set of underwear!
http://www.wmms.com/pages/mariapage.html?article=12016611, Jim Cantore knees college student in groin. Kid runs in on live report and Jim's reflexes are swift!
http://www.wmms.com/pages/mariapage.html?article=12016461, Watch this elected official show this lil' reporter who's boss. -- Bill Squire

http://www.wmms.com/pages/alancoxshow.html?article=12016319, It's Big Hair Wednesday and I have your Motley Crue Final Tour tickets at Blossom on August 12! Be listening for Alice Cooper and the Crue back for a shot at the tickets!, Baby laughs at dog eating popcorn! Ah the simple things in life.
http://www.wmms.com/pages/mariapage.html?article=12015947, Check out this surprise attack on Taylor Swift during her performance at The Grammy's. - Bill Squire

http://www.wmms.com/pages/alancoxshow.html?article=12015074, Scarlett Johansson gets banned from the Super Bowl..well her commercial did. - Bill Squire

http://www.wmms.com/pages/alancoxshow.html?article=12013330, As expected, there's already a number of school closings for tomorrow! Get the latest list, continually updated here: http://bit.ly/M6q3Tc, There are parts of The Grammy's I do enjoy. - Bill Squire

http://www.wmms.com/pages/alancoxshow.html?article=12013518, I would need more than year. - Bill Squire

http://www.wmms.com/pages/alancoxshow.html?article=12012482, Win tix to Motley Crue's Final Tour "All Bad Things Must Come To An End" on August 12th at Blossom Music Center! ttp://bit.ly/19ZG6gI #TheFinalTour, A bra that only comes off when a lady is in the mood. - Bill Squire

http://www.wmms.com/pages/alancoxshow.html?article=12011016, Bill Hader's "Star Wars" impressions will make you smile for days. - Bill Squire

http://www.wmms.com/pages/alancoxshow.html?article=12012615, It was on this date in 1986 that the challenger disaster occurred. One of those moments you remember where you were when it happened.
http://www.wmms.com/pages/mariapage.html?article=12012538, Today at 2:55pm ET, Motley Crue will hold a press conference to announce what they are calling the "biggest announcement of their career!" Tune into the press conference at this link: http://bit.ly/1iHy9zS, How Swedish marines blow off steam in Afghanistan! Bless our troops!
http://www.wmms.com/pages/mariapage.html?article=12012410, Hate Justin Bieber? Not as much as this guy! (NSFW)
http://www.wmms.com/pages/mariapage.html?article=12012394, Lorde without autotune at Grammys? Funny dub!
http://www.wmms.com/pages/mariapage.html?article=12012331
, I get that you shouldn't let your kids touch anything at a gallery but you also shouldn't charge $10 million for rectangles. - Bill Squire


http://www.wmms.com/pages/alancoxshow.html?article=12012257, At least she didn't have to call customer service. - Bill Squire

http://www.wmms.com/pages/alancoxshow.html?article=12011774, Nancy Grace argues with herself about marijuana. - Bill Squire 


http://www.wmms.com/pages/alancoxshow.html?article=12008996, No joke! The list of school closings and delays is about a mile long! Check out the latest list, continually updated here: http://bit.ly/M6q3Tc, Have a friend that doesn't get football? Show them this. - Bill Squire 

http://www.wmms.com/pages/alancoxshow.html?article=12007823, Get tickets to the Polar Blast Battle for $10.07.  - Bill Squire 

http://www.wmms.com/pages/contests/alan-cox-polar-blast-battle/2014/vote.html, I spent most of this weekend sick in bed and this cheered me up quite a bit. - Bill Squire 

http://www.wmms.com/pages/alancoxshow.html?article=12007828, Not bad for a yogurt commercial. - Bill Squire

http://www.wmms.com/pages/alancoxshow.html?article=12008111, Cops help man propose with fake traffic stop!
http://www.wmms.com/pages/mariapage.html?article=12008330, If you get in a fight make sure no one has an Axe. - Bill Squire 


http://www.wmms.com/pages/alancoxshow.html?article=12007836, Baby headbangs to Metallica. Raising a future generation of rockers!
http://www.wmms.com/pages/mariapage.html?article=12007869, Watched the Super Bowl highlights marathon on NFL network yesterday and Super Bowl XLII where the Giants upset the Patriots 17-14 is the best Super Bowl of all time. What's your favorite Super Bowl? - Bill Squire, School closings and delays are starting to roll in for tomorrow! Check out the latest list, continually updated here: http://bit.ly/18QSBYS, Win a Smart TV and XBOX ONE courtesy of The Following. All new season begins tomorrow at 8pm, only on Fox 8 News!  http://bit.ly/1jLf2Te, ICYMI: Bill Squire's (Perfect) Ten: Episode 1 


http://www.wmms.com/pages/alancoxshow.html?article=11990373, Great video but I'm not using explorer. - Bill Squire 


http://www.wmms.com/pages/alancoxshow.html?article=12003992, I'm glad they are out of the prison to be honest. - Bill Squire


http://www.wmms.com/pages/alancoxshow.html?article=12003923, Between this guy and The Wolf of Wall Street I am sold on ludes. - Bill Squire 

http://www.wmms.com/pages/alancoxshow.html?article=12003830, The one about tacos made me lose my sh!t. - Bill Squire

http://www.wmms.com/pages/alancoxshow.html?article=12003934, Flex those vag muscles. - Bill Squire

http://www.wmms.com/pages/alancoxshow.html?article=12001604, Bad lip readings always deliver a few good laughs. - Bill Squire

http://www.wmms.com/pages/alancoxshow.html?article=12002917, This is how you do the news. - Bill Squire

http://www.wmms.com/pages/alancoxshow.html?article=12003377, This news anchor slipped up and I'll be honest it kind of turned me on. - Bill Squire

http://www.wmms.com/pages/alancoxshow.html?article=12002977, Grandma tells dirty joke! It's an old joke, but something both wrong and funny when grandma tells it. (NSFW)
http://www.wmms.com/pages/mariapage.html?article=12002960, OK Bieber is a douche, a rich one at that. The only thing that can make him listenable is Slipknot! Check out this mashup from a couple years back.
http://www.wmms.com/pages/mariapage.html?article=12002817, Prison escapee convinces cop he's a jogger! Like out of a movie, can't make this stuff up. Crazy!
http://www.wmms.com/pages/mariapage.html?article=12002379, UGH! It's colder than a....out there! Slow going on the roads this am! More snow on the way tonight! The list of closings and delays continues to grow! Get the latest list here: http://bit.ly/18QSBYS Who's ready for spring????, Barf

http://www.wmms.com/pages/alancoxshow.html?article=12000148, Purchase your Rock on the Range presale tickets until 10pm tonight! http://bit.ly/1jG9VDC, Wondering what Richard Sherman said that got him pushed by Michael Crabtree? Here it is. - Bill Squire 

http://www.wmms.com/pages/alancoxshow.html?article=11998964, BREAKING: The Cleveland Browns have signed Mike Pettine as their 15th full-time head coach. How do you think the Browns will perform next season?, BREAKING NEWS! Browns Hire Mike Pettine 

http://www.wmms.com/pages/alancoxshow.html?article=11999730, Obviously fake but who cares. - Bill Squire http://www.wmms.com/pages/alancoxshow.html?article=11998971, If Google was a guy would you be able to look him in the eye? - Bill Squire

http://www.wmms.com/pages/alancoxshow.html?article=11999292, Dogs say grace before meal. This crew is going to doggie heaven!
http://www.wmms.com/pages/mariapage.html?article=11999183, I wonder if he is equally effective at packing a bowl? - Bill Squire

http://www.wmms.com/pages/alancoxshow.html?article=11998922, Weather graphic fail. A case for not naming winter storms!
http://www.wmms.com/pages/mariapage.html?article=11999034, Classy post of the day. - Bill Squire

http://www.wmms.com/pages/alancoxshow.html?article=11998947, This one deserves a slow clap. - Bill Squire 

http://www.wmms.com/pages/alancoxshow.html?article=11996000, I love this remix. - Bill Squire

http://www.wmms.com/pages/alancoxshow.html?article=11996008, Alan loves ranch! I'm getting this for the office. - Bill Squire

http://www.wmms.com/pages/alancoxshow.html?article=11995039, As far as train wrecks go this one is kind of adorable. - Bill Squire

http://www.wmms.com/pages/alancoxshow.html?article=11995953, Was anyone fooled by this? - Bill Squire

http://www.wmms.com/pages/alancoxshow.html?article=11995543, Bill Nye The Science Guy is right. - Bill Squire

http://www.wmms.com/pages/alancoxshow.html?article=11990577, Kid moons live TV report in Philly!
http://www.wmms.com/pages/mariapage.html?article=11995316, Won' believe who this former Cleveland sports figure is! 
http://www.wmms.com/pages/mariapage.html?article=11995125, Female Jackass! Girl ignores beach storm warnings, dances, gets swept away!
http://www.wmms.com/pages/mariapage.html?article=11995030, Fearless deer licks gun barrel of man target shooting!
http://www.wmms.com/pages/mariapage.html?article=11994886, The Ukraine is a crazy place. - Bill Squire

http://www.wmms.com/pages/alancoxshow.html?article=11991921, Waste ten minutes of your life on me. - Bill Squire

http://www.wmms.com/pages/alancoxshow.html?article=11990373, This kid is an amazing dancer. Win for fat kids everywhere. - Bill Squire

http://www.wmms.com/pages/alancoxshow.html?article=11990875, null, 39 gestures that will get you in trouble overseas. I would be in trouble in some countries! Check it out here:
http://www.wmms.com/pages/mariapage.html?article=11991199, Tom Brady has it all...except a high-five. - Bill Squire

http://www.wmms.com/pages/alancoxshow.html?article=11991064, Baby walking on 9 story ledge. Scary! Amazing that tragedy was avoided!
http://www.wmms.com/pages/mariapage.html?article=11990820, Father discovers poster labeling graphic sex acts in 13 year old daughter's middle school. Part of the curriculum!
http://www.wmms.com/pages/mariapage.html?article=11990558, The difference between dog and cat teaching tecniques!
http://www.wmms.com/pages/mariapage.html?article=11990422, I saw this video on Tosh.0 and it the weirdest most uncomfortable video ever. This is not the proper way to handle this situation. That dude should be getting his ass kicked not a stern talking to from his niece. - Bill Squire

http://www.wmms.com/pages/alancoxshow.html?article=11987262, Last year Richard Sherman's trash talk landed him a punch in the face! Trent Williams even told him he was going to do it right before he did.
http://www.wmms.com/pages/mariapage.html?article=11987608, Instead of everyone talking about Seattle's spectacular win over the 49ers yesterday, the internet is all a buzz over Seahawks cornerback Richard Sherman's embarrassing rant about 49ers wide receiver Michael Crabtree! In honor of that EPIC FAIL, here's an "Athlete" translation of what Richard really MEANT to say to after the game! http://bit.ly/1dNsKmY, Young Tressel fans at it again with second open letter to the Browns. Love this! Also, the Omaha drinking game lives on through Super Bowl!
http://www.wmms.com/pages/mariapage.html?article=11986462, Celebrating 33 years of Motley Crue - "In the Beginning"... Have you ever seen the Motleys live? Date/venue/memories? - Corey, Register now for your chance to be on Team Beary White and compete against Team Alan, Team Erika, and Team Bill! http://bit.ly/1eRFpFW, I really enjoy Conan hanging out with his interns and making them very uncomfortable. - Bill Squire

http://www.wmms.com/pages/alancoxshow.html?article=11984334, I think Shia has "A Boy Named Sue" syndrome. - Bill Squire

http://www.wmms.com/pages/alancoxshow.html?article=11984413, The Walking Dead gets the help of a vine superstar to pull of the ultimate zombie prank. - Bill Squire

http://www.wmms.com/pages/alancoxshow.html?article=11984465, In response to the earlier angry customer post, revisiting the infamous Jimmy Dean Sausage complaint from years back. Funny stuff! (NSFW) 
http://www.wmms.com/pages/mariapage.html?article=11984442, (ICYMI) Dog says no to kennel time. Been around a few days but worth checking out.
http://www.wmms.com/pages/mariapage.html?article=11984201, Man's angry message to customer service. Damn! (NSFW) Strong Language!
http://www.wmms.com/pages/mariapage.html?article=11984113, I feel like this commercial is based on my life. - Bill Squire

http://www.wmms.com/pages/alancoxshow.html?article=11983425, Maybe Kellen Winslow Jr. and JLR should open a jack shack together? - Bill Squire 

http://www.wmms.com/pages/alancoxshow.html?article=11983227, Sounds right to me. - Bill Squire

http://www.wmms.com/pages/alancoxshow.html?article=11980445, Is your battery always dying on you? It might be because of one of these apps. - Bill Squire

http://www.wmms.com/pages/alancoxshow.html?article=11980490, Knockout has hit Cleveland. - Bill Squire

http://www.wmms.com/pages/alancoxshow.html?article=11981142, Give me boobs, or give me death. - Bill Squire

http://www.wmms.com/pages/alancoxshow.html?article=11980319, No poon for you! - Bill Squire

http://www.wmms.com/pages/alancoxshow.html?article=11980057, Not what you would expect from AXE. - Bill Squire

http://www.wmms.com/pages/alancoxshow.html?article=11980467, Dude passes out in akward position!
http://www.wmms.com/pages/mariapage.html?article=11980219, Father teaches girl to do donuts in a vette! She rocks it thanks to dad!
http://www.wmms.com/pages/mariapage.html?article=11980101, I hate vertical videos and so should you! - Bill Squire

http://www.wmms.com/pages/alancoxshow.html?article=11979743, Here are the nominees for the 2014 Oscar Awards. - Bill Squire

http://www.wmms.com/pages/alancoxshow.html?article=11979214, Look before you leap...or drive giant trucks. - Bill Squire

http://www.wmms.com/pages/alancoxshow.html?article=11975649, This kid with an adorable voice is smarter than everyone. - Bill Squire

http://www.wmms.com/pages/alancoxshow.html?article=11976913, Skip ahead to 4:30 to see Anderson Cooper call her out for being high. - Bill Squire

http://www.wmms.com/pages/alancoxshow.html?article=11973463, Guilty dogs compilation. Love the dog that walks really slow.
http://www.wmms.com/pages/mariapage.html?article=11976545, Do you think this lady wen to far? I think this was done with good intentions and she didn't expect it to blow up like this. - Bill Squire

http://www.wmms.com/pages/alancoxshow.html?article=11976446, Chicago news anchors get "graphic" surprise while reporting on Cubs new mascot! (NSFW)
http://www.wmms.com/pages/mariapage.html?article=11976243, Home Depot worker turns around at right time to catch baby falling out of cart! Happens in a blink of an eye!
http://www.wmms.com/pages/mariapage.html?article=11976012
, This just in! Sun, sand and beach performances by… The Black Keys, The Killers, Outkast, Jack Johnson, Queens of the Stone Age, Pretty Lights, The Avett Brothers, Modest Mouse, The Flaming Lips and so many more will be joining the lineup at the Hangout Music Festival on May 16th, 17th and 18th in Gulf Shores, AL! 

We’re thinking this will definitely be a good time!, This video is by far the most suspenseful thing I've ever seen. - Bill Squire

http://www.wmms.com/pages/alancoxshow.html?article=11975714, Courtney got new boobs from RMG and Cleveland Cosmetic Surgery, see how they turned out on RMG-TV  , What's the best scary news tease you've ever heard? - Bill Squire

http://www.wmms.com/pages/alancoxshow.html?article=11973141, The Exorcism of Tequila Rose! - erika, null, I would sh!t my pants if I saw this. - Bill Squire

http://www.wmms.com/pages/alancoxshow.html?article=11972983, This video will give you what I like to call a "Dizzy Boner". - Bill Squire

http://www.wmms.com/pages/alancoxshow.html?article=11972459, "Kid President" cute and funny list of things we should say more often!
http://www.wmms.com/pages/mariapage.html?article=11972467, Russian teacher "slices" student for science lesson!
http://www.wmms.com/pages/mariapage.html?article=11972508, Texting driver flips car, caught on dash cam!
http://www.wmms.com/pages/mariapage.html?article=11972199, Chick grinds on guy with unexpected result!
http://www.wmms.com/pages/mariapage.html?article=11972025, This guy does interviews with Westboro Baptist Church members and makes them look even worse. - Bill Squire

http://www.wmms.com/pages/alancoxshow.html?article=11971723, This doctor dresses like a homeless man then goes around helping homeless people. - Bill Squire

http://www.wmms.com/pages/alancoxshow.html?article=11971334, In Russia butt twerks you. 

http://www.wmms.com/pages/alancoxshow.html?article=11969357, Chewbacca, what a wookie. - Bill Squire

http://www.wmms.com/pages/alancoxshow.html?article=11969517, The cop at the end is my favorite. - Bill Squire

http://www.wmms.com/pages/alancoxshow.html?article=11969390, This looks like a lot of fun. - Bill Squire

http://www.wmms.com/pages/alancoxshow.html?article=11968820, Here is the video of Travis Pastrana breaking his leg in Cleveland. - Bill Squire

http://www.wmms.com/pages/alancoxshow.html?article=11968816, This makes my skin crawl. - Bill Squire

http://www.wmms.com/pages/alancoxshow.html?article=11968181, Girl's emotional but funny rant after getting wisdom teeth pulled!
http://www.wmms.com/pages/mariapage.html?article=11968340, Baby meets dad's twin for first time! Funny reaction!
http://www.wmms.com/pages/mariapage.html?article=11968156, Dude discovers he's over sleeping because dog turns off alarm. Obviously he's not tired from cleaning his room!
http://www.wmms.com/pages/mariapage.html?article=11968107, I think these ladies did a hell of a job. What did you think? - Bill Squire

http://www.wmms.com/pages/alancoxshow.html?article=11967451, Game of Thrones Season 4 starts April 6! - Bill Squire

http://www.wmms.com/pages/alancoxshow.html?article=11966954, Time to play Guess The Classic Album Covers! Go through the gallery and see how many you can guess correctly! http://bit.ly/1gqkfxC, Poop revenge. - Bill Squire

http://www.wmms.com/pages/alancoxshow.html?article=11964297, Where Juggalos find love. - Bill Squire

http://www.wmms.com/pages/alancoxshow.html?article=11963907, This female police officer does cpr on a baby and saves it's life. - Bill Squire

http://www.wmms.com/pages/alancoxshow.html?article=11962479, Dog dances to conga! This dog has the moves!
http://www.wmms.com/pages/mariapage.html?article=11963389, There's no traveling in basketball. Unless you are a superstar and get away with a 7 step travel no call like Dwayne Wade. Cmon ref!
http://www.wmms.com/pages/mariapage.html?article=11963299, Passenger takes video while plane is crashing, takes selfie after crash in water. Don't think I'd be that calm and collective!
http://www.wmms.com/pages/mariapage.html?article=11963221, dolphins get high by passing the puffer, fish that is. How nice they share!
http://www.wmms.com/pages/mariapage.html?article=11963085, I wonder if this ventriloquist was able to stick his hands in any of these ladies he picked up. - Bill Squire 

http://www.wmms.com/pages/alancoxshow.html?article=11962402, DJ/Singer/Dancer Alex Angelo is in studio now w/ RMG. WMMS 100.7 or watch live on RMG-TV, WATCH: Victoria's Secret Swim 2014 Teaser (Extended Cut)! You're welcome... http://bit.ly/1inbVjG, New CLE-vage! Check out the gallery and send your submissions to alan@alancoxshow.com - Bill Squire

http://www.wmms.com/pages/alancoxshow.html?article=11960570, Here is the slip and fall caught on cam from the Painesville PD. - Bill Squire

http://www.wmms.com/pages/alancoxshow.html?article=11960091, This lady will give you wet nightmares. - Bill Squire

http://www.wmms.com/pages/alancoxshow.html?article=11959786, This guy makes his gamer tag "Xbox Sign Out" which leads to hilarious frustration by online gamers. - Bill Squire

http://www.wmms.com/pages/alancoxshow.html?article=11959179, Dogs meeting cats for the first time - compilation. Not always love at first sight.
http://www.wmms.com/pages/mariapage.html?article=11959548, Bride to be asks for chocolate cake for engagement party. This is what she got. Check out the story and picture of the cake here.
http://www.wmms.com/pages/mariapage.html?article=11959298, Janitor f's with people by creating a snow maze. See how people react!
http://www.wmms.com/pages/mariapage.html?article=11959150, I'm so glad my dating days are behind me. - Bill Squire

http://www.wmms.com/pages/alancoxshow.html?article=11958553, This lady devours a 72 oz steak in 3 minutes. It's like watching the zombies on The Walking Dead eat. - Bill Squire

http://www.wmms.com/pages/alancoxshow.html?article=11958614, Listen now on WMMS 100.7 or jump on RMG-TV and see if Charlie can take an Atomic Wedgie!, I share this type of stuff a lot but when I need a little shot of inspiration I look at this - a baby-band that became legendary by doing everything their own way.  Which artist gets you all pumped up? – Corey, People are bragging to their family back in cold states when they get an ice surprise. - Bill Squire

http://www.wmms.com/pages/alancoxshow.html?article=11955686#.Us2bKphK8HM.facebook, This is as cringe inducing as it gets. - Bill Squire

http://www.wmms.com/pages/alancoxshow.html?article=11956329, I want to see pot commercials!! - Bill Squire

http://www.wmms.com/pages/alancoxshow.html?article=11956081, Finalist for Doritos Crash The Super Bowl contest. Funny stuff!
http://www.wmms.com/pages/mariapage.html?article=11955787, Man calls deer to breakfast. Check out how many come for the chow!
http://www.wmms.com/pages/mariapage.html?article=11955464, Happy Birthday Jason Giambi! Here is his pinch hit walk off homer Sept 24 last season called by Hammy. Can't wait til Tribe season!
http://www.wmms.com/pages/mariapage.html?article=11955616, This is the apex of the "Throwing Hot Liquids in Cold Weather' videos. - Bill Squire

http://www.wmms.com/pages/alancoxshow.html?article=11954522, Toddler sings with passion! Unfortunatley to Miley! 
http://www.wmms.com/pages/mariapage.html?article=11955303, Well, here ya go. Possible BEATLES REUNION coming  - Corey 
(No bullets required, contrary to the old joke), WTF? An eight year old kid is drunk at a skatepark which is disturbing enough but this kid thinks scooters are cool. Time for an intervention. - Bill Squire

http://www.wmms.com/pages/alancoxshow.html?article=11954513, Maxim's Sexiest 25 Magazine Covers! http://bit.ly/1bQUPoz, Ugly Tattoos! Check out the best of the worst! http://bit.ly/1dPuyvu, Need to get away from the cold? Heat things up with this >> http://bit.ly/JG7CE1, Another pile up caught on camera. - Bill Squire

http://www.wmms.com/pages/alancoxshow.html?article=11951549, Winter is Coming...Winter Olympics that is. - Bill Squire

http://www.wmms.com/pages/alancoxshow.html?article=11951511, Here is the Michael Bay meltdown we just talked about on air. - Bill Squire

http://www.wmms.com/pages/alancoxshow.html?article=11951636, Disney is dirty- Bill Chris Squirehttp://www.wmms.com/pages/alancoxshow.html?article=11951949, If you think we have it rough this winter remember people in LA have to deal with temperatures in the low 40's from time to time. - Bill Squire

http://www.wmms.com/pages/alancoxshow.html?article=11951982, Beyond Cheap! It's one thing to be thrifty, but this is ridiculous!
http://www.wmms.com/pages/mariapage.html?article=11951821, Hearing and speech impaired man's reaction to gift. Love his genuine excitement. There is a kid in all of us!
http://www.wmms.com/pages/mariapage.html?article=11951745, Smokey and the German? American cop stops German driver. Like a scene from a movie.
http://www.wmms.com/pages/mariapage.html?article=11951624, Even with out the girls this would vastly improve soccer. - Bill Squire

http://www.wmms.com/pages/alancoxshow.html?article=11951119, Don't ever say I don't put you above myself.
*sigh...* 
Newly-discovered video of Nirvana's last LA show in 1993.
You're welcome - Corey, Handicap-able to the max. - Bill Squire

http://www.wmms.com/pages/alancoxshow.html?article=11951108, Stupid but funny. 

http://www.wmms.com/pages/alancoxshow.html?article=11948809, I would have sh!t my pants if this happened to me...first from fear then from laughing. - Bill Squire

http://www.wmms.com/pages/alancoxshow.html?article=11948817, How could it be 35 yesterday and today -5 and still dropping? Don't even bother going outside if you don't have to! No surprise there's a ton of closings and delays this evening through tomorrow! Get the latest list here: http://bit.ly/18QSBYS, What if "Beauty and the Beast" was set in a more 'urban' environment? - Bill Squire

http://www.wmms.com/pages/alancoxshow.html?article=11948006, null, PHOTOS: Eva Longoria named 'Maxim's' 2014 Woman of the Year! http://bit.ly/1kmuYyX, Eating McDonald's for 90 days can cause increases in health. - Bill Squire

http://www.wmms.com/pages/alancoxshow.html?article=11948028, A dad and his 2 year old son sing The Beatles together. - Bill Squire

http://www.wmms.com/pages/alancoxshow.html?article=11947986, Kids run amuck in grocery store. Chaos ensues! (NSFW)
http://www.wmms.com/pages/mariapage.html?article=11947997, Robert Downey, Jr. would never pull this crap.--AC, Armageddon can be educational!--AC, Revisiting a real winter storm, The Blizzard of '78. For those who were here and survived the Blizzard of 1978.
http://www.wmms.com/pages/mariapage.html?article=11947426, Phil Dawson's winning field goal for the 49ers was almost blocked, going between the arms of the defender.  I miss Phil but am glad he gets to kick for a winning team.
http://www.wmms.com/pages/mariapage.html?article=11947267, I hope this gets implemented into the world cup. - Bill Squire

http://www.wmms.com/pages/alancoxshow.html?article=11946759, Turning regular people into soldiers is no easy task. - Bill Squire

http://www.wmms.com/pages/alancoxshow.html?article=11944914, This guy has moves and style. - Bill Squire

http://www.wmms.com/pages/alancoxshow.html?article=11944910, Tommy Lee's free to ride his Motley-coaster once again. (Don't lie, this thing is rad as hell) - Corey , This lady goes nuts and I love it. - Bill Squire

http://www.wmms.com/pages/alancoxshow.html?article=11943797, These little girls want Jim Tressel to coach the Browns. I'm not a fan but cute video. - Bill Squire

http://www.wmms.com/pages/alancoxshow.html?article=11943323, Parents catch in home therapist on tape abusing autistic son. What the hell is wrong with people?
http://www.wmms.com/pages/mariapage.html?article=11943358, I would start going to the gym just to watch this lady. - Bill Squire

http://www.wmms.com/pages/alancoxshow.html?article=11940364, BMW driver gets instant karma. For those who hate the impatient idiots on the road.
http://www.wmms.com/pages/mariapage.html?article=11943169, Cat soothes crying baby to sleep. Don't worry, the cat is declawed.
http://www.wmms.com/pages/mariapage.html?article=11943185, Russell Brand masterfully handles this heckler. - Bill Squire

http://www.wmms.com/pages/alancoxshow.html?article=11939896, Hot yoga enthusiast has by far the BEST Instagram account on the internet! http://bit.ly/1izb1TE, Looks like winter has finally arrived! Getting nasty out there on the roads! Tons of closings and delays! Get the latest list here: http://bit.ly/18QSBYS, Michelle Knight celebrates first New Year’s Eve in 11 years. A lot of strength in that tiny package! Watch here: http://www.wmms.com/pages/mariapage.html?article=11940294, Bobsleigh chick's pants split on TV. Priceless full moon!
http://www.wmms.com/pages/mariapage.html?article=11940006, There are more hits than misses in this best vines compilation. The scared girl that farts is my favorite. - Bill Squire

http://www.wmms.com/pages/alancoxshow.html?article=11939920, Funny compilation of dogs and cats playing in the snow.
http://www.wmms.com/pages/mariapage.html?article=11939871, Oh, for crying out loud..
PSY mashed up with Linkin Park's "Hybrid Theory". All of it.
 - Corey, Man jinxes Steelers playoff bid with premature celebration!
http://www.wmms.com/pages/mariapage.html?article=11939769, This guy feels honored to buy the first pot legally in Colorado. - Bill Squire

http://www.wmms.com/pages/alancoxshow.html?article=11939261, You remember him from The Fresh Prince and as the voice of Shredder on the old Ninja Turtles. Check him out crashing the set of Family Matters. RIP James Avery. - Bill Squire

http://www.wmms.com/pages/alancoxshow.html?article=11939243, This 11 year old kid is pretty damn good at the guitar. - Bill Squire

http://www.wmms.com/pages/alancoxshow.html?article=11936935, This is called gonzo paper wrapping. - Bill Squire


http://www.wmms.com/pages/alancoxshow.html?article=11935034, Browns new comedy!
http://www.wmms.com/pages/mariapage.html?article=11935098, Family's funny song show love for disabled dog. Yeah the voice is kinda annoying, but cute none the same. Warning: Language.
http://www.wmms.com/pages/mariapage.html?article=11935002, Let "hate" be your guide. - Bill Squire

http://www.wmms.com/pages/alancoxshow.html?article=11934405, Attention fellow dorks/geeks...'Minus World' in Super Mario Bros is REAL!! Watch how to get there. What was your favorite old school game?, We have 5 pro-bowlers no coach and the 4th pick in the draft. Go Browns. - Bill Squire
http://www.wmms.com/pages/alancoxshow.html?article=11934367, Everybody's got one, let's hear yours...epic New Year's stories. Let 'em rip! - Corey, null, null, If you're up this freakin' late you're probably up to no good...and have probably owned an early Motley Crue record in your day. Meet the heir to their crown...Crashdiet. 
 You're welcome - Corey, Jackie Chan tells the story of getting beat up by Bruce Lee. 

http://www.wmms.com/pages/alancoxshow.html?article=11923804, This turkish ice cream vendor is a lot of fun to watch. - Bill Squire

http://www.wmms.com/pages/alancoxshow.html?article=11931880, Dog and cat caught spooning in bed. Totally SFW!
http://www.wmms.com/pages/mariapage.html?article=11932308, Baby's responds to uncle's beatboxing! Too cute!
http://www.wmms.com/pages/mariapage.html?article=11932205, It was seven years ago today we lost "The Voice" of 100.7 WMMS, The Buzzard- Len "Boom" Goldberg. I had the honor and privilege to work with him. Here is Boom voicing a radio spot and saying the calls for a legal ID. Miss you Boom!
http://www.wmms.com/pages/mariapage.html?article=11932102, A compilation of all the news bloopers from 2013 with appearances by Charles Ramsey, the lady that gets knocked down by the goat and everyone's favorite pilots. - Bill Squire

http://www.wmms.com/pages/alancoxshow.html?article=11931882, Firefighters rescue family dog from icy river. Great job guys!
http://www.wmms.com/pages/mariapage.html?article=11930685, Dad gets hearing aid and son writes funny song for dad for Christmas.
http://www.wmms.com/pages/mariapage.html?article=11930503, Watch and comment: The Monkees took a bunch of heat for this Christmas carol in 1967. Would you have been offended? - Corey, Funniest most creative Christmas light show ever!
http://www.wmms.com/pages/mariapage.html?article=11929051, "Sexy" Santa spreading cheer in "All I Want For Christmas" Chatroulette Version!
http://www.wmms.com/pages/mariapage.html?article=11929031, With Jennifer Lawrence's recent "butt plug" revelation, came across this classic prank!
http://www.wmms.com/pages/mariapage.html?article=11928999, Check out the trailer for "Draft Day" which is about the Browns and stars Kevin Costner, Dennis Leary, and Jennifer Garner. - Bill Squire

http://www.wmms.com/pages/alancoxshow.html?article=11928701, The halftime show at the Bengals was more entertaining than what went down on the field at First Energy Stadium all year!
http://www.wmms.com/pages/mariapage.html?article=11927490, Husky pup learning to howl! Precious!
http://www.wmms.com/pages/mariapage.html?article=11927299, Beware if you are receiving packages over the holidays. Ms. Grinch caught on camera stealing packages off front porch! 
http://www.wmms.com/pages/mariapage.html?article=11927269, Country music has been awful for a long time. This video points out exactly how bad it is. - Bill Squire

http://www.wmms.com/pages/alancoxshow.html?article=11926685, The biggest ACS hit of the year. - Bill Squire

http://www.wmms.com/pages/alancoxshow.html?article=11925644, Ryan Dalton does a pretty decent Christopher Walken impression to get everyone in the mood for Christmas. - Bill Squire

http://www.wmms.com/pages/alancoxshow.html?article=11923768, Very excited for the last show of the year. We will keep the recap of videos going up until the new year. - Bill Squire

http://www.wmms.com/pages/alancoxshow.html?article=11923751, Seal jumps into boat, gives duck hunter a hug! Love the response when other hunter asks the seal his name!
http://www.wmms.com/pages/mariapage.html?article=11923728, Drunk dude does impressions. He gets better as he goes along. He's got a future in voice acting! (NSFW) Language!
http://www.wmms.com/pages/mariapage.html?article=11923634, Adrenalize or plagiarize? Compare and comment: Did One Direction rip-off Def Leppard? - Corey, This makes Christmas way better. - Bill Squire

http://www.wmms.com/pages/alancoxshow.html?article=11920930, This kid has moves. - Bill Squire

http://www.wmms.com/pages/alancoxshow.html?article=11920951, So cool! - Bill Squire

http://www.wmms.com/pages/alancoxshow.html?article=11921763, When you answer in the form of a question then you have my permission to die. - Bill Squire

http://www.wmms.com/pages/alancoxshow.html?article=11920959, Remember our short lived web series? We wish we didn't. - Bill Squire

http://www.wmms.com/pages/alancoxshow.html?article=11920978, This isn't your everyday casting couch session. - Bill Squire

http://www.wmms.com/pages/alancoxshow.html?article=11920914, Mother cat nursing puppy to health scores the Cleveland APL 25K! Check out the story here!
http://www.wmms.com/pages/mariapage.html?article=11921065, I really want to hear the story of how she acquired the sex toys from this story. - Bill Squire

http://www.wmms.com/pages/alancoxshow.html?article=11920950, Paul Rudd has been cast as Ant-Man and the test footage looks bad ass! - Bill Squire

http://www.wmms.com/pages/alancoxshow.html?article=11920923, Bus passengers overpower armed robber! Caught on bus cam!
http://www.wmms.com/pages/mariapage.html?article=11920848, Paul Walker in action with his charity Reach Out Worldwide. What made him great as Paul Walker the man.
http://www.wmms.com/pages/mariapage.html?article=11920732, Soldier returns from Afganistan, surprises son dressed as opponent! To the men and women serving our country, I salute you!
http://www.wmms.com/pages/mariapage.html?article=11920507, a little butt knowledge doesn't hurt. - Bill Squire

http://www.wmms.com/pages/alancoxshow.html?article=11917675, i wish this was my real voice. - Bill Squire

http://www.wmms.com/pages/alancoxshow.html?article=11918439, I will try this and fail quite a lot. - Bill Squire

http://www.wmms.com/pages/alancoxshow.html?article=11918677, This needs to be a thing. - Bill Squire

http://www.wmms.com/pages/alancoxshow.html?article=11917715, Merry Christmas from Between Two Ferns! - Bill Squire

http://www.wmms.com/pages/alancoxshow.html?article=11918011, This Christmas display rocks. C'mon, it's got pyrotechnics!
http://www.wmms.com/pages/mariapage.html?article=11917847, I really liked the first one and this one looks intense. - Bill Squire

http://www.wmms.com/pages/alancoxshow.html?article=11917594, Who are you more pumped to see inducted into the Rock Hall? KISS or Nirvana? (and comment with your favorite tune of theirs) Let's have some fun tonite! - Corey 
(and check out the pic I took of my rad neon light!), The 2013 Alan Cox Show Comedy Tour was fun as hell. Can't wait til 2014. - Bill Squire

http://www.wmms.com/pages/alancoxshow.html?article=11915773, If this doesn't make Top Plays on Sportscenter I'm gonna be pissed. - Bill Squire

http://www.wmms.com/pages/alancoxshow.html?article=11914088, Family's most excellent video Christmas card. Love this!
http://www.wmms.com/pages/mariapage.html?article=11914894, Man training his son for football. Won't get father of the year award. Poor kid!
http://www.wmms.com/pages/mariapage.html?article=11914813, After years of getting snubbed, KISS finally gets into the Rock Hall. Who do you think should be in the Rock Hall that has been snubbed in the past? - Maria, We're giving away $1,000 in cash to celebrate the Grand Opening of the Hard Rock Rocksino Northfield Park! http://bit.ly/1h0lHaA, last day... get by christmas. , Congratulations to the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame + Museum Class of 2014 including KISS and Nirvana! Check out the complete list of inductees now!, Stupid cat. - Bill Squire

http://www.wmms.com/pages/alancoxshow.html?article=11911580, This is how you roadie. - Bill Squire

http://www.wmms.com/pages/alancoxshow.html?article=11910660, Watch this bug dong and try not to freak out. - Bill Squire

http://www.wmms.com/pages/alancoxshow.html?article=11911904, These gifs will help you get a lil' Christmas spirit. - Bill Squire

http://www.wmms.com/pages/alancoxshow.html?article=11911853, ACS Some Of Recap 2013: Dry Love With Club Alan, Fat E And Teenage Bill


http://www.wmms.com/pages/alancoxshow.html?article=11910734, He got out of there for good. - Bill Squire

http://www.wmms.com/pages/alancoxshow.html?article=11911630, This is how subway rats stay in shape. - Bill Squire

http://www.wmms.com/pages/alancoxshow.html?article=11910923, Anderson Cooper lays into to this douche that helped get the 16 year old rich kid off after killing 4 people. - Bill Squire

http://www.wmms.com/pages/alancoxshow.html?article=11907984, Cat attacks woman. Stray cat f's with dog, woman f's with cat, cat wins!
http://www.wmms.com/pages/mariapage.html?article=11911265, The Rock Hall fan vote for the Class of 2014 poll ended with KISS leading the pack at 17% of the vote. Could this be their year? Let's celebrate with killer video of Ace Frehley being awesome! - Corey, A Very Angry Browns Fan Christmas Volume 2. You knew it was coming!
http://www.wmms.com/pages/mariapage.html?article=11910887, New KMart commercial. They do it again. Hilarious!
http://www.wmms.com/pages/mariapage.html?article=11910831, This is a pretty decent prank to pull on people talking on the phone in public. - Bill Squire

http://www.wmms.com/pages/alancoxshow.html?article=11910671, Using ONLY two words, what advice would you give your younger self? - Corey, Meet Anderson Varejão before the Cleveland Cavaliers take on the Milwaukee Bucks Friday, December 20th at 7:30 at Quicken Loans Arena!, We're giving away $1,000 in cash to celebrate the Grand Opening of the Hard Rock Rocksino Northfield Park! http://bit.ly/1h0lHaA, I am recapping some of the videos we released this year in no particular order. - Bill Squire

http://www.wmms.com/pages/alancoxshow.html?article=11908559, This homeless man was offered $100 or a chance to learn to code. I think he chose wisely. - Bill Squire

http://www.wmms.com/pages/alancoxshow.html?article=11907983, Little girl signs Christmas tune so her deaf parents can enjoy the show. What a thoughtful little soul!
http://www.wmms.com/pages/mariapage.html?article=11906769, I was catching up on South Park and caught this Key and Peele sketch. I really like those guys. - Bill Squire

http://www.wmms.com/pages/alancoxshow.html?article=11906651, Bidding for the Holiday Online Auction ends TODAY at 1 pm! It's your last chance to save big on hundreds of items including restaurants, entertainment, electronics, fitness packages, motorcycles & bikes, vacation getaways, home improvement and much more! Bid here now: http://bit.ly/1jIsiJk, 60% of the time this clip is funny every time. - Bill Squire

http://www.wmms.com/pages/alancoxshow.html?article=11905914, Ends today at 1pm!!!!!! , Victoria's Secret Models without the war paint.  http://bit.ly/18Xmk5a, I'm just glad I didn't slip and break my ass. It would have made for a better video though. - Bill Squire

http://www.wmms.com/pages/alancoxshow.html?article=11903739, Merry Christmas, ants!--AC, Cops keep their cool despite the girl being arrested and the person filming them trying to depict otherwise.
http://www.wmms.com/pages/mariapage.html?article=11903471, Victoria Secret models backstage twerk session! 
http://www.wmms.com/pages/mariapage.html?article=11903251, Get this man a Kleenex! Or, just slam his head into cinder blocks.--AC, Piano reacts via remote control to pasersby. Just a feel good video to boost your holiday spirits.
http://www.wmms.com/pages/mariapage.html?article=11903187, Still time to get your "bid on" in our Holiday Online Auction! Save $$ on hundreds of items including restaurants, entertainment, electronics, fitness packages, motorcycles & bikes, vacation getaways, home improvement and much more! http://bit.ly/1jIsiJk, We're giving away $1,000 in cash to celebrate the Grand Opening of the Hard Rock Rocksino Northfield Park! http://bit.ly/1h0lHaA, Purchase presale tickets NOW to see Jim Jefferies at the Ohio Theater at PlayhouseSquare on June 7th! http://bit.ly/18WJmJy, R.I.P., Jeff Hanneman!--AC, Alexa is on the Thursday Hook-Up with RMG...see more photos of her (and watch her on RMG TV) at http://bit.ly/1e7L3FV, Boobs? Butts? Book?

http://www.wmms.com/pages/alancoxshow.html?article=11900478, Don't forget to check out all of the great items up for bid in our Holiday Online Auction! Save $$ on restaurants, entertainment, electronics, fitness packages, motorcycles & bikes, vacation getaways, home improvement and much more! http://bit.ly/1jIsiJk, I'm having trouble deciding who I want to punch in the face more - Jack Black or Will Farrell. Help me out? - Corey, This should be the entire winter Olympics.  - Bill Squire

http://www.wmms.com/pages/alancoxshow.html?article=11900268, Foo Fighters AND pizza? My dream come true. - Bill Squire
http://www.wmms.com/pages/alancoxshow.html?article=11900130, I bet if she saw a spider she would freak out. - Bill Squire

http://www.wmms.com/pages/alancoxshow.html?article=11899242, This is how you dad. - Bill Squire

http://www.wmms.com/pages/alancoxshow.html?article=11899753, These dogs aren't afraid of a little puddy cat!
http://www.wmms.com/pages/mariapage.html?article=11899631, Gordon Ramsey: How to treat a lady edit. You'll never think of cooking the same again. I know from a couple years ago but still funny.
http://www.wmms.com/pages/mariapage.html?article=11899720, Sick shot by high school basketball player.
http://www.wmms.com/pages/mariapage.html?article=11899231, Ice falls off building smashing car.  
http://www.wmms.com/pages/mariapage.html?article=11899394, How to decorate a palm tree for Christmas!
http://www.wmms.com/pages/mariapage.html?article=11899329, ICYMI: Santa On The Street


http://www.wmms.com/pages/alancoxshow.html?article=11896506, How have I never seen this? - Bill Squire

http://www.wmms.com/pages/alancoxshow.html?article=11896865, There are some decent suggestions here. - Bill Squire

http://www.wmms.com/pages/alancoxshow.html?article=11896873, Santa asks a bunch of Clevelanders if they've been naughty or nice and has a little treat for them. - Bill Squire

http://www.wmms.com/pages/alancoxshow.html?article=11896506, I want to believe. - Bill Squire

http://www.wmms.com/pages/alancoxshow.html?article=11894884, 2000 ping pong balls makes an insanely big fire. - Bill Squire

http://www.wmms.com/pages/alancoxshow.html?article=11896124, Giant pile up on Wisconsin highway. - Bill 
http://www.wmms.com/pages/alancoxshow.html?article=11894899, Bears fan demonstrates technique live on MNF!

http://www.wmms.com/pages/mariapage.html?article=11895876, Elementary school bans red and green from holiday party. Bah humbug kids. 

http://www.wmms.com/pages/mariapage.html?article=11895583, Bust a move! Or a hip...--AC, These dogs are "fraidy cats". Won't pass the cats. C'Mon Dog!
http://www.wmms.com/pages/mariapage.html?article=11895317, Bidding is now open for the Holiday Online Auction! Save on restaurants, entertainment, electronics, vacation getaways, golf, home improvement and much more! Check out all of the great items up for bid here: http://bit.ly/1jIsiJk, http://www.wmms.com/pages/alancoxshow.html?article=11894850, ICYMI: Knockout Game Gone Wrong 

http://www.wmms.com/pages/alancoxshow.html?article=11891393, You can play a quick game of pong with an opponent across the street. - Bill Squire

http://www.wmms.com/pages/alancoxshow.html?article=11892079, null, That would be an interesting trip to Walgreens. - Bill Squire

http://www.wmms.com/pages/alancoxshow.html?article=11892085, Really sad. - Bill Squire

http://www.wmms.com/pages/alancoxshow.html?article=11892123, Man trying to steal fuel, lights a cigarette in the act and sets himself on fire. Dumbass!
http://www.wmms.com/pages/mariapage.html?article=11892359, A guy at the Cavs game on Saturday walks on the court like it is no big deal. - Bill Squire

http://www.wmms.com/pages/alancoxshow.html?article=11892108, It was 9 years ago yesterday we lost Dimebag Darrell. Here is a slideshow tribute and a link to the full length DVD tribute.
http://www.wmms.com/pages/mariapage.html?article=11891997, Pranksters convince alcoholic friend he's been in a coma for 10 yeas. The dude has 5 DUI's and are trying prevent him from killing someone on the road.
http://www.wmms.com/pages/mariapage.html?article=11891825, This guy playing the knockout game gets his ass beat by the girl he hit and her boyfriend. NSFW LANGUAGE - Bill Squire

http://www.wmms.com/pages/alancoxshow.html?article=11891393, I didn't know what "Teeter Boarding" was until I saw this video. These guys are pretty good at it. - Bill Squire


http://www.wmms.com/pages/alancoxshow.html?article=11891275, null, There's always next year., Plenty of time left. Go Bucks!, Got any good break up stories? - Bill Squire

http://www.wmms.com/pages/alancoxshow.html?article=11887656, Are you sure it's broken? - Bill Squire

http://www.wmms.com/pages/alancoxshow.html?article=11887565, With the Buckeyes playing in the Big 10 Championship game tomorrow night, guys I thought you might enjoy some of the "talents" of some female Buckeyes. Go Bucks!
http://www.wmms.com/pages/mariapage.html?article=11887558, This video is pretty simple but very cool. - Bill Squire


http://www.wmms.com/pages/alancoxshow.html?article=11887405, Wife says it's the Harley or me. Man decides to sell both. See the hilarious ad.
http://www.wmms.com/pages/mariapage.html?article=11887337, We're proud to be part of the iHeartRadio #ShowYourStripes movement to support hiring vets. Hire Smart. Hire Vets. Find out more here: http://www.showyourstripes.org/, This gets awkward in a hurry. 


http://www.wmms.com/pages/alancoxshow.html?article=11884030, Who ya got? - Bill Squire

http://www.wmms.com/pages/alancoxshow.html?article=11884774, The Amazing Spider-Man 2 Trailer looks awesome. 

http://www.wmms.com/pages/alancoxshow.html?article=11884004, Now we know how he keeps from turning into the Hulk. - Bill Squire

http://www.wmms.com/pages/alancoxshow.html?article=11884235, Paul Walker Crash Video

http://www.wmms.com/pages/alancoxshow.html?article=11884358, Beware if you are getting or sending packages this holiday season. Hopefully they are not handled like this.
http://www.wmms.com/pages/mariapage.html?article=11884248, Santa does stand up. 

http://www.wmms.com/pages/alancoxshow.html?article=11883865, Dad has kids sing Bohemian Rhapsody on drive to school. Makes the journey fun.
http://www.wmms.com/pages/mariapage.html?article=11883882, This is one hell of a tire commercial. - Bill Squire

http://www.wmms.com/pages/alancoxshow.html?article=11882705, This guy gets arrested by an over zealous cop for picking his kids up from school with out a car. - Bill Squire

http://www.wmms.com/pages/alancoxshow.html?article=11881276, The guys that motorboated girls for breast cancer find a way to donate the money a certain organization wouldn't accept. - Bill Squire

http://www.wmms.com/pages/alancoxshow.html?article=11880160, This kid accidentally steals a cup from a restaurant and his mom threatens to call the police. - Bill Squire

http://www.wmms.com/pages/alancoxshow.html?article=11881158, This is a pretty funny web series about fatherhood. - Bill Squire

http://www.wmms.com/pages/alancoxshow.html?article=11880955, I'm glad this idiot didn't hurt anybody. - Bill Squire

http://www.wmms.com/pages/alancoxshow.html?article=11880274, Heinz field security guard wears a thong!! Priceless!
http://www.wmms.com/pages/mariapage.html?article=11880596, Morgan Freeman finger painting on iPad. If you haven't seen this yet, worth taking a look at. Remarkable!
http://www.wmms.com/pages/mariapage.html?article=11880407, Considering this is in Arizona that college kid is lucky the old man didn't shoot him. - Bill Squire

http://www.wmms.com/pages/alancoxshow.html?article=11880095, Bully knocks herself out. Kharma's a bitch!
http://www.wmms.com/pages/mariapage.html?article=11880046, Titus the toddler trick shots with Channing Tatum and Bradley Cooper. Kid's got skillz, get him a Cavs jersey.
http://www.wmms.com/pages/mariapage.html?article=11879755, Purchase presale tickets NOW to see Amy Schumer at the State Theatre at PlayhouseSquare on February 15th!, Hilarious. - Bill Squire

http://www.wmms.com/pages/alancoxshow.html?article=11876709, Castrate these guys! - Bill Squire

http://www.wmms.com/pages/alancoxshow.html?article=11876869, I hope this replaces the "Knockout Game" kids in America love so much. - Bill Squire

http://www.wmms.com/pages/alancoxshow.html?article=11876031, I'm not a big fan of pop music but I will give this guy credit for the 68 song mash-up. - Bill Squire

http://www.wmms.com/pages/alancoxshow.html?article=11876527, Keep in mind that everything she knits is dry clean only. - Bill Squire

http://www.wmms.com/pages/alancoxshow.html?article=11876090, 5 year old girl does amazing job on 911 call! Has happy ending.
http://www.wmms.com/pages/mariapage.html?article=11876494, I was watching Seinfeld last night and this made me laugh for a long time. - Bill Squire, Alleged robber shot by customer, family of suspect is outraged? What a crock of BS!
http://www.wmms.com/pages/mariapage.html?article=11876352, A tribute to the NFL's beefcake ref. - Bill Squire

http://www.wmms.com/pages/alancoxshow.html?article=11875993, Vin Diesel visits Paul Walker crash site and gives speech to fans using police car loudspeaker.
http://www.wmms.com/pages/mariapage.html?article=11876087, Angry Browns fan Christmas parody. Says it all!
http://www.wmms.com/pages/mariapage.html?article=11875945, [Contest]: Weezer is getting ready to sail away to an "Island in the Sun" on their upcoming Weezy cruise and you and a friend could a spot on the boat. One lucky winner will fly down to Jacksonville where they will set sail to the Bahamas. They will enjoy music from an awesome lineup and get to meet Weezer!

Enter: www.iheartradio.com/weezer, Video: That'll learn 'em! Watch this dude give his landlord the once over for not handing back his security deposit. Pretty fraggin' metal if you ask me! - Corey, Footage of Paul Walker's fatal car crash. 

http://www.wmms.com/pages/alancoxshow.html?article=11873157, What a lovely singing voice DMX has. - Bill Squire

http://www.wmms.com/pages/alancoxshow.html?article=11872584, Hilarious cockroach prank freak out. - Bill Squire

http://www.wmms.com/pages/alancoxshow.html?article=11872754, A 70 car pile up in Massachusetts caused by black ice. - Bill Squire

http://www.wmms.com/pages/alancoxshow.html?article=11872606, I Will Always Love You (Crying Knowshon Moreno Edition) C'mon, there's no crying in football. Hilarious!
http://www.wmms.com/pages/mariapage.html?article=11872580, Incredible rescue of man in shipwreck air bubble. Was supposed to be a body recovery mission.
http://www.wmms.com/pages/mariapage.html?article=11872310, If you saw some one being bullied would you intervene? - Bill Squire


http://www.wmms.com/pages/alancoxshow.html?article=11872325, Chick punches man and bites off his lip at Octoberfest celebration. I thought black friday was crazy! Ouch!
http://www.wmms.com/pages/mariapage.html?article=11872148, null, I would watch a show where drunk people participated in track and field events. - Bill


http://www.wmms.com/pages/alancoxshow.html?article=11866458, This cute drunk girl needs to work on her dismount. - Bill


http://www.wmms.com/pages/alancoxshow.html?article=11866453&desktop=true&desktopviewduration=72000, Amazing orchestra flashmob. Something to make you feel joy, peace, and calm over the holidays.
http://www.wmms.com/pages/mariapage.html?article=11866330, This is why I don't do Black Friday! People are melon farmer crazy!
http://www.wmms.com/pages/mariapage.html?article=11865980, What is your favorite inappropriate use for an uncooked turkey? Mine is maxi pad. - Bill


http://www.wmms.com/pages/alancoxshow.html?article=11865531, Old British men acting out an argument on a YouTube comment thread is my front runner for "Best Picture" for the 2014 Oscars. - Bill


http://www.wmms.com/pages/alancoxshow.html?article=11864688, Check out this trick shot video from Brown's new backup QB Alex Tanney. There's hope after all!
http://www.wmms.com/pages/mariapage.html?article=11862804, Guy plays Sandstorm on toy trumpet. From a few years back. Impressive!
http://www.wmms.com/pages/mariapage.html?article=11862662, A spoof of Canadians by Canadians. (NSFW) Language!
http://www.wmms.com/pages/mariapage.html?article=11862540, Bikers protecting abused children. They are true heroes!
http://www.wmms.com/pages/mariapage.html?article=11862341, Beastie Boys are suing over this toy commercial for parody of their tune "Girls"
http://www.wmms.com/pages/mariapage.html?article=11862243, Well this suits the weather outside. Watch how a simple shift from major to minor chords turns the happiest music on Earth into an excuse to gargle buckshot - Corey http://bit.ly/Ig3MAs, Who knew chat roulette was still a thing. - Bill


http://www.wmms.com/pages/alancoxshow.html?article=11861292, Millennials suck and they know it. - Bill Squire

http://www.wmms.com/pages/alancoxshow.html?article=11858988, These guys made a commercial to enter into the Doritos Superbowl contest and ended up getting a job offer from a company in Japan. - Bill Squire

http://www.wmms.com/pages/alancoxshow.html?article=11858994, Seth Rogen and James Franco do a shot for shot remake of Kanye West's new video. What a horrible song. - Bill


http://www.wmms.com/pages/alancoxshow.html?article=11858726, Funny kid after wisdom teeth removed. Need a little laugh today? This did it for me.
http://www.wmms.com/pages/mariapage.html?article=11858408, Factory of Sadness, Browns - Steelers Edition. Mike Polk expresses his displeasure.
http://www.wmms.com/pages/mariapage.html?article=11858186, The Ohio State marching band finishes strong with their "Gettysburg Address" halftime show. Never ceases to amaze!
http://www.wmms.com/pages/mariapage.html?article=11858035, The Browns stunk it up today so have a few beers and let's enjoy this prank on Drew Carey by The Price is Right producers. - Bill 
http://www.wmms.com/pages/alancoxshow.html?article=11836596, This guy films his house being destroyed by a tornado. Luckily no one was injured. - Bill
http://www.wmms.com/pages/alancoxshow.html?article=11854129, Newscast Face Plant 

http://www.wmms.com/pages/alancoxshow.html?article=11854361&desktop=true&desktopviewduration=72000, Breaking news in LA? Rain? Seriously? Only in LA.
http://www.wmms.com/pages/mariapage.html?article=11853702, Revisiting Turkey Jones slamming down Terry Bradshaw in honor of the Browns - Steelers game this Sunday and Turkey Day next Thursday.
http://www.wmms.com/pages/mariapage.html?article=11853374, Funny commercial for learning a new language.
http://www.wmms.com/pages/mariapage.html?article=11849581, Ron Burgundy sings a song for Toronto Mayor Rob Ford. - Bill Squire

http://www.wmms.com/pages/alancoxshow.html?article=11850593, An Australian guy freaks out at a snake on his wipers. - Bill Squire

http://www.wmms.com/pages/alancoxshow.html?article=11849414, More video of a 17 year old boy that has been sentenced to life in prison after a victim of his random "knockout game" punch died. 

http://www.wmms.com/pages/alancoxshow.html?article=11849477, Judge Judy classic. Dumbass defendant.
http://www.wmms.com/pages/mariapage.html?article=11849612, Mom packs homemade healthy lunch for kids. Gets fined. Are you kidding me?
 http://www.wmms.com/pages/mariapage.html?article=11849451, Twerk your turkey video. WTF! Just wrong!
http://www.wmms.com/pages/mariapage.html?article=11849137, Finish this sentence - "It's just not the holidays until I..." - Corey, I guess it's one benefit of having 9 months of cold weather here. http://i.imgur.com/4x9Qdut.jpg, Get your WWE RAW tickets NOW until 11:55pm in the WMMS presale!, This didn't go the way he planned. - Bill Squire

http://www.wmms.com/pages/alancoxshow.html?article=11845948, Here is the article I wrote for Cleveland Scene Magazine that lead to the discussion we just had about kids getting spanked. - Bill Squire

http://www.wmms.com/pages/alancoxshow.html?article=11845109, Reminds me of Anderson Varejao's early interviews...and recent interviews. - Bill Squire

http://www.wmms.com/pages/alancoxshow.html?article=11845946, ICYMI: Teen Playing Knockout Game Gets Shot Twice By Victim 

http://www.wmms.com/pages/alancoxshow.html?article=11844051, Channing Tatum parodies JCVD splits video.
http://www.wmms.com/pages/mariapage.html?article=11845261, David Blane basically stabs himself just so he can meet celebrities like Kanye West, Will Smith, and Ricky Gervais. - Bill Squire

http://www.wmms.com/pages/alancoxshow.html?article=11844976, Trent Reznor facetimes with dying fan during Vegas show. Way to go Trent!
http://www.wmms.com/pages/mariapage.html?article=11844883, This is a news report about that knockout game kids are playing. Apparently a 17 year old kid playing that game with a tazer was shot twice. - Bill

http://www.wmms.com/pages/alancoxshow.html?article=11844051, Quotes from movies people get wrong all the time. - Bill Squire

http://www.wmms.com/pages/alancoxshow.html?article=11841875, Mike Tyson returns Evander Holyfield's ear. - Bill Squire

http://www.wmms.com/pages/alancoxshow.html?article=11842049, Open a can with out a can opener. - Bill Squire

http://www.wmms.com/pages/alancoxshow.html?article=11842013, People acting like dicks get instantly karma. - Bill Squire

http://www.wmms.com/pages/alancoxshow.html?article=11840589, Chi Chi Rodrigez attempts the glass break challenge, nails himself in the privates. Ouch!
http://www.wmms.com/pages/mariapage.html?article=11840949, This innuendo laden interview gets awkward in a hurry. - Bill Squire

http://www.wmms.com/pages/alancoxshow.html?article=11840546, It's the 30th anniversary of "A Christmas Story". Here are some of my favorite scenes. What are yours?
http://www.wmms.com/pages/mariapage.html?article=11840802, This lady gives a really odd answer on Family Feud. Steve Harvey's reaction is fantastic. - Bill Squire

http://www.wmms.com/pages/alancoxshow.html?article=11840495, We're proud to be part of the iHeartRadio #ShowYourStripes movement to support hiring vets. Hire Smart. Hire Vets. Find out more here: http://www.showyourstripes.org/, New Kmart commercial. Offensive or hilarious?
http://www.wmms.com/pages/mariapage.html?article=11840406, Girls are the best. - Bill Squire

http://www.wmms.com/pages/alancoxshow.html?article=11836642, UPDATE: George Zimmerman allegedly pulled a shotgun on his pregnant girlfriend. - Bill Squire

http://www.wmms.com/pages/alancoxshow.html?article=11837186, This is crazy video of people actually watching a Jets vs. Bills game. Also a guy fell out of the stadium. - Bill Squire

http://www.wmms.com/pages/alancoxshow.html?article=11836672, Everyone's favorite Crack Smoking Canadian Mayor is at it again. - Bill Squire

http://www.wmms.com/pages/alancoxshow.html?article=11837596, George Zimmerman is having a tough time keeping his poon posse under control. - Bill Squire

http://www.wmms.com/pages/alancoxshow.html?article=11837186, A sketch of Walter White waking up as Hal from Malcolm in the Middle is a special feature for the dvd box set and has leaked online. - Bill Squire

http://www.wmms.com/pages/alancoxshow.html?article=11837005, Comedian Kyle Ayers is all over the internet today after he live tweeted a random break up he witnessed on the roof of his apartment. - Bill Squire


http://www.wmms.com/pages/alancoxshow.html?article=11836772, A cop opens fire on a minivan full of children. Luckily no one was hurt. - Bill Squire

http://www.wmms.com/pages/alancoxshow.html?article=11836615, Man goes to extreme to get back at ex-wife. Damn!
http://www.wmms.com/pages/mariapage.html?article=11836583, Stage dive goes wrong. Rapper breaks female fan's arm.
http://www.wmms.com/pages/mariapage.html?article=11836315, Win a Grand Prize iPad and smart watch courtesy of the premiere of Almost Human - this Sunday at 8p on Fox 8!, This is much better than the original version. - Bill Squire

http://www.wmms.com/pages/alancoxshow.html?article=11831641, Nah nah nah nah nah Batkid! - Bill Squire

http://www.wmms.com/pages/alancoxshow.html?article=11832246, I want this. - Bill Squire


http://www.wmms.com/pages/alancoxshow.html?article=11831905, Watch closely and you can actually see the bass drop. - Bill Squire

http://www.wmms.com/pages/alancoxshow.html?article=11831788, Amazing video of twons who don't know they are born yet. You can feel the love. With all the BS and horrific things in the world, this will make you appreciate the beauty of life.
http://www.wmms.com/pages/mariapage.html?article=11831625, They really took that Rocky IV training routine to the next level. - Bill Squire

http://www.wmms.com/pages/alancoxshow.html?article=11831612, Former Live frontman Ed Kowalczyk is in studio now w/ RMG. WMMS 100.7 or watch on RMG TV at http://bit.ly/Mpoh, ICYMI: Hilarious Vine Compilation 

http://www.wmms.com/pages/alancoxshow.html?article=11827794, Flipper uses a dead fish like a pocket p. - Bill Squire

http://www.wmms.com/pages/alancoxshow.html?article=11828838, This guy makes it sound like his voice is echoing which I guess is hard to do. - Bill Squire

http://www.wmms.com/pages/alancoxshow.html?article=11827967, History! Learn it! - Bill Squire

http://www.wmms.com/pages/alancoxshow.html?article=11828600, Not the most efficient weapon but very cool. - Bill Squire

http://www.wmms.com/pages/alancoxshow.html?article=11828577, A great tribute to fallen soldiers. - Bill Squire

http://www.wmms.com/pages/alancoxshow.html?article=11828406, Ice-T reacts to the Playstation 4 like he just saw a magic trick. - Bill Squire

http://www.wmms.com/pages/alancoxshow.html?article=11827950, This kids vines are excellent. - Bill Squire

http://www.wmms.com/pages/alancoxshow.html?article=11827794, Man gets tased by cops for 40 seconds straight. Excessive?
http://www.wmms.com/pages/mariapage.html?article=11828140, Veteran's absent note for daughter. All veterens, I salute you!
http://www.wmms.com/pages/mariapage.html?article=11827921, Just don't get into "Gay Shape" or you'll get put in jail. - Bill Squire

http://www.wmms.com/pages/alancoxshow.html?article=11824922, This very nsfw language but Marky Mark has a point. - Bill Squire

http://www.wmms.com/pages/alancoxshow.html?article=11824865, This is a great remix of The Breaking Bad theme. - Bill Squire

http://www.wmms.com/pages/alancoxshow.html?article=11823956, A glorious beard. - Bill Squire

http://www.wmms.com/pages/alancoxshow.html?article=11823934, How to get rid of those pesky Jehova's witnesses.
http://www.wmms.com/pages/mariapage.html?article=11824192, The best part of any "f-bomb" being dropped on a live news cast is the anchors reaction. This video is no exception. - Bill Squire

http://www.wmms.com/pages/alancoxshow.html?article=11824173, I was having kind of a sh!tty day until I saw this. Living on a prayer! - Bill Squire

http://www.wmms.com/pages/alancoxshow.html?article=11824011, State Trooper falls off overpass trying to apprehend suspect. Dashcam video released.
http://www.wmms.com/pages/mariapage.html?article=11824012, Best death metal guitar lesson.
http://www.wmms.com/pages/mariapage.html?article=11823590, Crazy video - Appropriate Responses: guy wrecks his car and goes mental on other cars. Headbutts are the prescription for the daily blues. - Corey, This is hilarious. - Bill Squire

http://www.wmms.com/pages/alancoxshow.html?article=11821019, Only in Russia. - Bill Squire

http://www.wmms.com/pages/alancoxshow.html?article=11820937, null, heads up on this.  If you are looking to grow your business?  Our sales team is having a huge sale-  happens tomorrow.  best time of the whole year to help your business grow... http://www.wmms.com/cc-common/YourAdHere/, Here is the tuba scream video we played during the audio dump. - Bill Squire

http://www.wmms.com/pages/alancoxshow.html?article=11820689, This guy is a real show stopper. - Bill Squire

http://www.wmms.com/pages/alancoxshow.html?article=11819952, Do you think this is hot or not? I kind of dig it but it's still kind of creepy. - Bill Squire

http://www.wmms.com/pages/alancoxshow.html?article=11819939, Pole dance class. This chick is talented. Is she the teacher or student?
http://www.wmms.com/pages/mariapage.html?article=11820126, I stumbled upon this show on Netflix last night and this lady is ridiculous. The way she explains her bathroom procedures with no shame is mesmerizing. - Bill Squire

http://www.wmms.com/pages/alancoxshow.html?article=11820009, Are Americans this stupid? I guess in California they are.
http://www.wmms.com/pages/mariapage.html?article=11819988, Girl fights back thief trying to snatch her purse.  Don't F" with this chick!
http://www.wmms.com/pages/mariapage.html?article=11819877, Here we go again...Sebastian Bach and Motley Crue, round 47. I'd say this video just about verifies Bach's claims. What say you? - Corey, ICYMI: New Jersey Teens Randomly Knock People Out

http://www.wmms.com/pages/alancoxshow.html?article=11816185, This racist guy finds out he isn't 100% white and the lady sitting next to him gets a real kick out of it. - Bill Squire
http://www.wmms.com/pages/alancoxshow.html?article=11817014, This guy rocks pretty god damned hard. - Bill Squire

http://www.wmms.com/pages/alancoxshow.html?article=11816954, This is a real ass kicker. - Bill Squire

http://www.wmms.com/pages/alancoxshow.html?article=11816648, This Marine can dance. - Bill Squire

http://www.wmms.com/pages/alancoxshow.html?article=11815940, Man gives it to guy who left dog locked in hot car! Way to go! (NSFW)
http://www.wmms.com/pages/mariapage.html?article=11816295, Miley's camel toe goes on for days. - Bill Squire

http://www.wmms.com/pages/alancoxshow.html?article=11816151, Strong wind givew fireman "magic carpet ride". Didn't see that one coming.
http://www.wmms.com/pages/mariapage.html?article=11816080, Michigan president's halftime speach. Drunk or mic problems?
http://www.wmms.com/pages/mariapage.html?article=11815890, Knock out game played by teens.  WTF is wrong with these kids? Truly disturbing.
http://www.wmms.com/pages/mariapage.html?article=11815782, One lucky lady's gonna get a new set o' boobs today from RMG - meet the 5 finalists now WMMS 100.7 and watch on RMG TV http://bit.ly/9riGKN, ICYMI: Ylvis - Stonehenge 


http://www.wmms.com/pages/alancoxshow.html?article=11812004, ICYMI: Middle School Kids Play TOOL 
http://www.wmms.com/pages/alancoxshow.html?article=11811387, This song is way better than "What the Fox Say" - Bill Squire

http://www.wmms.com/pages/alancoxshow.html?article=11812004, Bieber will sleep in front of anyone. - Bill Squire

http://www.wmms.com/pages/alancoxshow.html?article=11812095, Do you think this girl ripped Erika off? - Bill Squire

http://www.wmms.com/pages/alancoxshow.html?article=11811948, Kate Upton makes me with I had taken finger painting more seriously. - Bill Squire

http://www.wmms.com/pages/alancoxshow.html?article=11811367, This takes a lot of balls. - Bill Squire


http://www.wmms.com/pages/alancoxshow.html?article=11811468, Women get violated by female cop. Happened about a year ago, but worth revisiiting in light of the New Mexico man's anal probe story.
http://www.wmms.com/pages/mariapage.html?article=11811439, I have a daughter in middle school and they never come close to playing anything this cool at her orchestra recitals. - Bill Squire

http://www.wmms.com/pages/alancoxshow.html?article=11811387, Bare butt electric fence challenge goes wrong.  Be sure to watch the faceplant at the end. Priceless! (NSFW)

http://www.wmms.com/pages/mariapage.html?article=11811142, Man punches woman after she kicks him the privates. (NSFW)
http://www.wmms.com/pages/mariapage.html?article=11809124, Number 22 is my favorite. - Bill Squire

http://www.wmms.com/pages/alancoxshow.html?article=11808674, Rob Ford The Out Of Control Mayor Of Toronto - Bill Squire

http://www.wmms.com/pages/alancoxshow.html?article=11808642, Those shadows look like dongs. Hilarious. - Bill Squire

http://www.wmms.com/pages/alancoxshow.html?article=11808127, They should play with pepper spray. - Bill Squire

http://www.wmms.com/pages/alancoxshow.html?article=11807987, At least he didn't use a potato gun. - Bill Squire

http://www.wmms.com/pages/alancoxshow.html?article=11807979, Bieber finally did something cool. - Bill Squire

http://www.wmms.com/pages/alancoxshow.html?article=11807814, This is a very cool break down of the video of the blonde girl with the ping pong paddles catching knives. - Bill Squire

http://www.wmms.com/pages/alancoxshow.html?article=11807788, Be like Chris from Chagrin Falls-   You could invade London w Avenged Sevenfold, Congrats to Christopher Anderson  of Chagrin Falls.  He won $1,000  this morning and is now in the running for the Avenged Sevenfold grand Prize where he and a friend could fly to London to join Avenged Sevenfold for their historic first concert at Wembley Stadium!  Watch the show from VIP seats, congratulate the band as you meet them backstage, and grab their gear on the way out: Schecter signed guitars from Synyster Gates and Zacky Vengeance plus Synyster’s Amp!  Then, get all up in London with a tour of the famous music sites you’ve seen on album covers and in the pages of Cream and Rolling Stone. We’ll even throw in Toshiba tablet loaded with iHeartRadio so you can capture it all.   Next chance to win happens at 10am!, Comic Richard Lewis joins RMG in studio now - WMMS 100.7 and watch on RMG-TV too http://bit.ly/Mpoh, Hey man, nice shot. - Bill Squire

http://www.wmms.com/pages/alancoxshow.html?article=11803786, I find these classes more useful than Math. - Bill Squire

http://www.wmms.com/pages/alancoxshow.html?article=11804410, I'd vote for him. - Bill Squire

http://www.wmms.com/pages/alancoxshow.html?article=11803829, If I were in Rio I wouldn't be slapping faces. - Bill Squire

http://www.wmms.com/pages/alancoxshow.html?article=11803736, Not surprising that radio is on the list. - Bill Squire

http://www.wmms.com/pages/alancoxshow.html?article=11803881, I miss the NES. - Bill Squire


http://www.wmms.com/pages/alancoxshow.html?article=11804006, This driver has more hits than The Beatles. - Bill Squire

http://www.wmms.com/pages/alancoxshow.html?article=11803815, This is how contestants should be eliminated from competition singing shows. - Bill Squire


http://www.wmms.com/pages/alancoxshow.html?article=11803650, She had high hopes that she wouldn't be launched into that inflatable iceberg. - Bill Squire

http://www.wmms.com/pages/alancoxshow.html?article=11800621, Holy Hell! She lived through this. - Bill Squire

http://www.wmms.com/pages/alancoxshow.html?article=11799738, Cleveland bus drivers only get in the news for uppercuts. Good for this guy. - Bill Squire


http://www.wmms.com/pages/alancoxshow.html?article=11800487, This kid has some talent. Wish I knew what that was like. - Bill Squire

http://www.wmms.com/pages/alancoxshow.html?article=11799817, A crazy mid air collision by two planes caught on camera. Don't worry everyone lived. - Bill Squire

http://www.wmms.com/pages/alancoxshow.html?article=11799378, Watching Loki argue with kids is the best thing to come out of the Marvel Universe this year. - Bill Squire

http://www.wmms.com/pages/alancoxshow.html?article=11799776, Mother of the year award goes to this lady. - Bill Squire

http://www.wmms.com/pages/alancoxshow.html?article=11797271, Watch: Foo Fighters and Erika Estrada make Mexican tourism sound like an AWESOME idea! - Corey, This guy gets ridiculously high. - Bill Squire

http://www.wmms.com/pages/alancoxshow.html?article=11797164, Wipe em off the face of the Earth. - Bill Squire

http://www.wmms.com/pages/alancoxshow.html?article=11796061, Dumb crap has always happened but when it happens on the internet we all get to laugh and cringe together. - Bill Squire

http://www.wmms.com/pages/alancoxshow.html?article=11796437, This SNL parody of What Does The Fox Say is hilarious. I'm in love with Kerry Washington. - Bill Squire 


http://www.wmms.com/pages/alancoxshow.html?article=11796107, Here is a preview of Michelle Knight's sit down with Dr. Phil. It airs tomorrow. - Bill Squire

http://www.wmms.com/pages/alancoxshow.html?article=11795933, Dash cam shows a trucker was on his mobile phone looking at Facebook when he crashed into police cars! One of the officers was killed! http://bit.ly/1bS8Cg9, A company invented Anti Rape Shorts! Do you think they would work and would women buy them? http://bit.ly/1iHeqM6, Fireball Travels Power Lines! Scary!!!! http://bit.ly/1dHzp0O, The Browns were the only AFC North team to win this week. Love it! - Bill Squire , 50 Girls in dresses that I wish were out of dresses. - Bill Squire

http://www.wmms.com/pages/alancoxshow.html?article=11791600, 10/10 would flinch. - Bill Squire

http://www.wmms.com/pages/alancoxshow.html?article=11791378, Have a good weekend. Go Browns! - Bill Squire

http://www.wmms.com/pages/alancoxshow.html?article=11770895, NYC Subway Conductors have to point at a sign every stop to show they are paying attention. These people took advantage. - Bill Squire

http://www.wmms.com/pages/alancoxshow.html?article=11791708, These are all still every attractive people in this catalog. I think they should use customers from the Steelyard Walmart if they want their models to look like "Real People" instead of models. - Bill Squire

http://www.wmms.com/pages/alancoxshow.html?article=11791408, Lions, and trainers, and attacks! Oh my! - Bill Squire

http://www.wmms.com/pages/alancoxshow.html?article=11791015, Halloween prank fail. Be careful who you prank!
http://www.wmms.com/pages/mariapage.html?article=11791272, Ellen sends her staff through a haunted house and they can't handle it. - Bill Squire


http://www.wmms.com/pages/alancoxshow.html?article=11790998, See any good costumes last night?, We're proud to be part of the iHeartRadio #ShowYourStripes movement to support hiring vets. Hire Smart. Hire Vets. Find out more here: http://www.showyourstripes.org/, Can you spot the differences in how these kids react to magic tricks? - Bill Squire

http://www.wmms.com/pages/alancoxshow.html?article=11788546, I will never top my Jack o' Lantern from 2007. Luckily I'll always have this photo to remind me of the one time I was 'artistic' - Corey, Thanks Obamacare! - Bill Squire

http://www.wmms.com/pages/alancoxshow.html?article=11787489, Snap to it. - Bill Squire

http://www.wmms.com/pages/alancoxshow.html?article=11787220, Boston Cops at their best. - Bill Squire

http://www.wmms.com/pages/alancoxshow.html?article=11787392, More Cleveland Indians news-  They released Chris Perez. and announced the acquisition of LHP COLT HYNES from the San Diego Padres for cash considerations.   You happy that Chris Perez is gone?   I say we being back Bob Wickman., Bus driver stops woman from jumping off bridge. How many of us would help? Many pass her by. http://www.wmms.com/pages/mariapage.html?article=11787810, The Cleveland Indians today announced the club has re-signed JASON GIAMBI to a Minor League contract with a non-roster invitation to Major League camp.  We like this very much., Pumpkin Man is a multifaceted entertainer. - Bill Squire
http://www.wmms.com/pages/alancoxshow.html?article=11787421, What place do you NEVER want to visit again?, I'm excited for the Taylor Swift mash-ups. - Bill Squire

http://www.wmms.com/pages/alancoxshow.html?article=11787379, Ghoulardfest this weekend. 50 years ago Ghoulardi hit the tube, yes before color tv. Here are some vintage clips and the phenomena explained by Big Chuck and Little John.
http://www.wmms.com/pages/mariapage.html?article=11787352, Little kid thinks he's going to jail for stealing cup. Learns his lesson. Funny!
http://www.wmms.com/pages/mariapage.html?article=11787242, That was a nice win last night.  What do you think about this year's Cleveland Cavaliers?, A true joy of being a parent is picking through my son's Trick-or-Treat haul when he goes to bed. Do you raid your kid's take too, or am I simply an awful dad? - Corey, And you can watch her on RMG-TV too,  right here http://bit.ly/Mpoh, This dog is adorable and thorough. - Bill Squire

http://www.wmms.com/pages/alancoxshow.html?article=11783869, The standard of beauty for women is ridiculous. - Bill Squire


http://www.wmms.com/pages/alancoxshow.html?article=11784789, This tow truck driver had a worse day at work than you. - Bill Squire

http://www.wmms.com/pages/alancoxshow.html?article=11783881, WARNING EXTREMELY GRAPHIC: Do not base jump! - Bill Squire

http://www.wmms.com/pages/alancoxshow.html?article=11783955, Paraglider tourist and pilot lost in cloud caught on cam. Pilot starts to pray. Tourist is saying oh sh*t.
http://www.wmms.com/pages/mariapage.html?article=11784024, Woman to give out fat letters to overweight trick or treaters. Seriously?
http://www.wmms.com/pages/mariapage.html?article=11783779, Newscaster gives impressive gum massage demonstration.  Guys will think about oral...health.
http://www.wmms.com/pages/mariapage.html?article=11783442, Best Grandma ever watch her raise hell and talk smack in Grand Theft Auto V! - Corey, This is a great story of some middle school kids doing something very nice for a teammate. Even the coaches didn't know what their plan was. - Bill Squire

http://www.wmms.com/pages/alancoxshow.html?article=11780588, China is the grossest place ever. - Bill Squire

http://www.wmms.com/pages/alancoxshow.html?article=11780498, This Christian Science Church has a pretty severe case of Peyronie's Disease. - Bill Squire

http://www.wmms.com/pages/alancoxshow.html?article=11780246, He stuck the landing. - Bill Squire

http://www.wmms.com/pages/alancoxshow.html?article=11779714, The trailer for next years X:Men movie just came out today. - Bill Squire

http://www.wmms.com/pages/alancoxshow.html?article=11779215, If you put Benny Hill music to any video you just made that video better. - Bill Squire

http://www.wmms.com/pages/alancoxshow.html?article=11779248, Smartphone saves clerk from robber's bullet. Incredible and lucky!
http://www.wmms.com/pages/mariapage.html?article=11780127, The secret to picking up women isn't confidence, it's money. Duh. - Bill Squire

http://www.wmms.com/pages/alancoxshow.html?article=11779713, Chick talks sh*t on bus, starts brawl. Why I don't take public transportation!
http://www.wmms.com/pages/mariapage.html?article=11779617, This guy has some nimble fingers. - Bill Squire

http://www.wmms.com/pages/alancoxshow.html?article=11779662, We can see the ducks protesting now on opening days in Akron.  Thoughts on the name/logo changes?   You like?, RIP Lou Reed.  Thanks "hooper" for posting on twitter... more people need to check this out.   WMMS Coffee Break Concert with Lou from 1984., It's the 1 year anniversary of Superstorm Sandy. My boat was out already, many were not so lucky. How were you affected by Sandy? - Maria, Kyrie is back as Uncle Drew. - Bill Squire

http://www.wmms.com/pages/alancoxshow.html?article=11776550, This guy saved his family then his beer from a fire. - Bill Squire

http://www.wmms.com/pages/alancoxshow.html?article=11776463, Love these.  Love Kyrie Irving, Former Ohio State Buckeye Terrelle Pryor set a record for the longest run for a TD by a QB on Sunday. - Bill Squire

http://www.wmms.com/pages/alancoxshow.html?article=11775680, Truck crashes though busy intersection. Caught on camera. Holy crap!
http://www.wmms.com/pages/mariapage.html?article=11776067, This Star Wars blooper reel probably won't be online for very long so catch it while you can. Those Storm Trooper costumes seem like a real bitch to move around in. - Bill Squire

http://www.wmms.com/pages/alancoxshow.html?article=11775956, Gene Simmons flame spitting pumpkin. Ingenious!
http://www.wmms.com/pages/mariapage.html?article=11775841, Ohio State's marching band outdoes themselves. Watch their Saturday night's performance of Hollywood Blockbusters. "Super"
http://www.wmms.com/pages/mariapage.html?article=11775516, I like to pretend that the men are using the coffee as a euphemism for their wives lady parts. - Bill Squire

http://www.wmms.com/pages/alancoxshow.html?article=11771403, Mother alledgedly tears 6 year old son's private parts out of anger. Just unfathomable and disturbing.
http://www.wmms.com/pages/mariapage.html?article=11771186, Here is the video for "Loyal" by Erika and Taint Smasher. - Bill Squire

http://www.wmms.com/pages/alancoxshow.html?article=11770895, Bird feeds the dog. Revisiting a classic.
http://www.wmms.com/pages/mariapage.html?article=11770950, First hit of helium, we've all done it but not quite with this result.
http://www.wmms.com/pages/mariapage.html?article=11770787, Welcome to the greatest Halloween prank of all time. Have you seen one better? - Corey, ICYMI: Russell Brand Ain't No Dummy

http://bit.ly/1677t4c, 10 Amazing Facts About The Simpsons - Bill Squire

http://bit.ly/1cgnJFb, This Flying Grim Reaper is awesome. - Bill Squire http://bit.ly/1aaF2px, Lake effect snow warning in affect til noon on Fri.  NWS says another 5-7 inches are possible.  Details at wtam.com, More footage from the motorcycle gang that chased and beat up a man a few weeks ago. - Bill Squire

http://bit.ly/16wfWAi, ICYMI; Loyal - A Cleveland Browns Lorde 'Royals' Parody

http://bit.ly/1cgb7xI, Why did this guy have so many eggs? - Bill Squire

http://bit.ly/1aagEnJ, The trailer for Captain America: The Winter Soldier is online. I spot a lot of Cleveland in the trailer. - Bill Squire

http://bit.ly/1aa9os5, Bookmark this link - check here when the snow flies for the constantly updated School Closings and Delays, "Long Title: (Do I Have To Do This All Over Again?)" Be safe coming from/to the eastside. - Corey, best vine ever

http://www.wmms.com/pages/alancoxshow.html?article=11764978, ICYMI: YouTube Celebrity Gets Car Towed

http://bit.ly/16tyl0C, Coming Soon. - Bill Squire

http://bit.ly/17cs4Fd, It's time to play "Guess The Horror Movie Poster!" Go through the gallery and see how many you can guess! We guessed 7 out of 16 correctly! How many did you get? Gallery: http://bit.ly/1a88f4h, Erika and Taint Smasher knocked it out of the park with this one. 

http://www.wmms.com/pages/alancoxshow.html?article=11764869, The most interesting Cricket has ever been. - Bill Squire

http://bit.ly/HfnYm4, As creepy as it is adorable. - Bill Squire

http://bit.ly/H2uxI4, Newsroom Faceplant - Bill Squire

http://bit.ly/HfkYpW, The commentary on this video is fantastic. - Bill Squire

http://bit.ly/H2wF2C, Joey Graceffa is a YouTube "Celebrity" that parked his car in front of his neighbors driveway then complained when the neighbor had his car towed. So the neighbor made this video telling his side of the story.

Revenge is a dish best served viral. - Bill Squire

http://bit.ly/16tyl0C, Man's rant on skateboarders. He's really pissed off!
http://www.wmms.com/pages/mariapage.html?article=11763874, Carved pumpkin stop motion. Love this!
http://www.wmms.com/pages/mariapage.html?article=11763631, Jason Campbell named as Brown's starter this Sunday.  Will it make a difference? - Maria, Need costume ideas for the OFFICIAL Rover's Morning Glory Halloween Party on November 1st at Barley House? Check out the JLR Costume Ideas gallery » http://bit.ly/JLRCostumes, What is your best tip for driving?, One Curvy Redhead - Bill Squire

http://www.wmms.com/pages/alancoxshow.html?article=11760888, ICYMI: GWAR's Oderus Urungus Reads Goodnight Moon (NSFW)

http://www.wmms.com/pages/alancoxshow.html?article=11759552, ICYMI: Jenna Jameson Appears Wasted on TV

http://www.wmms.com/pages/alancoxshow.html?article=11759448, Obamacare works! - Bill Squire

http://www.wmms.com/pages/alancoxshow.html?article=11759647, This kid hates porn. - Bill Squire

http://www.wmms.com/pages/alancoxshow.html?article=11759584, This guy crashes his truck and then jumps a fence. - Bill Squire 

http://www.wmms.com/pages/alancoxshow.html?article=11759573, Conan asks Aubrey Plaza about masturbation scene in "The To-Do List" Awkward.
http://www.wmms.com/pages/mariapage.html?article=11760077, This sketch is ridiculous but I laughed my ass off. - Bill Squire

http://www.wmms.com/pages/alancoxshow.html?article=11759788, Last week these guys made a video that raised quite a bit of money for breast cancer research but the breast cancer charity wouldn't accept their donation because of a small number of complaints. Do you think their donation should have been refunded? - Bill Squire

http://www.wmms.com/pages/alancoxshow.html?article=11759474, Doggy Style Tuesday. Are you a dog person, cat person or both? Today's pick is cat's stealing dog beds compilation.
http://www.wmms.com/pages/mariapage.html?article=11759885, Available for children's parties. - Bill Squire

http://www.wmms.com/pages/alancoxshow.html?article=11759552, Pee prank. I guess you would say this is for guys who like to piss off their friends.
http://www.wmms.com/pages/mariapage.html?article=11759665, Jenna Jameson was on Fox 5 in NYC to promote her book. They cut the interview short because she was slurring her words and appeared drunk or high. - Bill Squire

http://www.wmms.com/pages/alancoxshow.html?article=11759448, Dad? Is that you? - Corey, It's beastly. - Bill, ICYMI: Fap God 

http://www.wmms.com/pages/alancoxshow.html?article=11755865, ICYMI: Vacuum Mouth 

http://www.wmms.com/pages/alancoxshow.html?article=11755419, ICYMI: Drunk Fan Video Bombing Sportscasters

http://www.wmms.com/pages/alancoxshow.html?article=11755520, Breaking News: Amanda Berry and Gina DeJesus Agree To Book Deal 

http://www.wmms.com/pages/alancoxshow.html?article=11757003, This seagull is having a bad day. - Bill Squire

http://www.wmms.com/pages/alancoxshow.html?article=11755492, This drunk guy rules. - Bill Squire

http://www.wmms.com/pages/alancoxshow.html?article=11755520, The Animaniacs joke is incredibly funny. - Bill Squire 

http://www.wmms.com/pages/alancoxshow.html?article=11756051, Beer freezes in seconds in Siberia. Now that's f'n cold.
http://www.wmms.com/pages/mariapage.html?article=11755937, Taint Smasher has done it again. - Bill Squire

http://www.wmms.com/pages/alancoxshow.html?article=11755865, Aunt cares more about her food stamps than kids killed in fire. What the hell is wrong with people?
http://www.wmms.com/pages/mariapage.html?article=11755668, Ohio State marching band giant moonwalk. Pretty amazing.
http://www.wmms.com/pages/mariapage.html?article=11755574, Check out the BEST live act you'll ever see! You'd almost SWEAR it was pre-recorded! (sarcasm mode off) – Corey, Umm...so I'm watching "The Walking Dead" for the first time. What the hell...?!? Can someone tell me what in the actual eff is going on? - Corey, ICYMI: Slow Motion Boobs 


http://www.wmms.com/pages/alancoxshow.html?article=11743917, ICYMI: Drunk Guys With A Taser 

http://www.wmms.com/pages/alancoxshow.html?article=11751078, This paddle boarder spots a baby great white shark. - Bill Squire

http://www.wmms.com/pages/alancoxshow.html?article=11751254, Awesome!


http://www.wmms.com/pages/alancoxshow.html?article=11751642, These guys are idiots. - Bill Squire 

http://www.wmms.com/pages/alancoxshow.html?article=11751551, Banksy set up a booth and sold original spray art that would normally sell for thousands of dollars and charged $60 per painting. - Bill Squire

http://www.wmms.com/pages/alancoxshow.html?article=11751489, Jigsaw would be an awful roommate. - Bill Squire
http://www.wmms.com/pages/alancoxshow.html?article=11751189, Kenya mall attack surveilance footage. Just horrific. Could not imagine being there. Hope it doesn"t happen here. Warning: contains graphic content.
http://www.wmms.com/pages/mariapage.html?article=11751376, This is dip I always bring to parties. - Bill Squire

http://www.wmms.com/pages/alancoxshow.html?article=11751150, Zombie phone prank. Love this!
http://www.wmms.com/pages/mariapage.html?article=11751132, Hilarious coffee commercial. Just wrong!
http://www.wmms.com/pages/mariapage.html?article=11750940, Man survives parachute malfuncition fall, caught on helmet cam. He kissis his ass goodbye.
http://www.wmms.com/pages/mariapage.html?article=11750768, I think these people might dig Halloween. Watch this video and tell me how you'd feel if you were their neighbors. And would it have killed them to pick a metal song? - Corey, ICYMI: Extremely High Woman Tries To Escape Paramedics 

http://www.wmms.com/pages/alancoxshow.html?article=11747888, ICYMI: Batman Vs. Superman 

http://www.wmms.com/pages/alancoxshow.html?article=11747927, Hey, people seem to be doing some ballsy weeknight partying tonight! What's your favorite euphemism for getting loaded? - Corey, Potato gun to the nuts. - Bill Squire

http://www.wmms.com/pages/alancoxshow.html?article=11747837, I'll have what she's having. - Bill Squire 

http://www.wmms.com/pages/alancoxshow.html?article=11747888, Pete Holmes is the best Batman. - Bill Squire 

http://www.wmms.com/pages/alancoxshow.html?article=11747927, Baby rocks to Freddie Mercury
http://www.wmms.com/pages/mariapage.html?article=11747750, This brought 50 soldiers to tears. Amazing story! Bless our troops!
http://www.wmms.com/pages/mariapage.html?article=11747621, Who the hell has this kind of time? I can't even solve a Rubik's Cube regularly, let alone make the damn thing sing - Corey, Britney Spears live mic feed? Real or fake, this is why I love rock!
http://www.wmms.com/pages/mariapage.html?article=11747432, Erin Adrews on air gaffe. What do you think was on her mind?
http://www.wmms.com/pages/mariapage.html?article=11747304, null, Haley is on the Thursday Hook-Up w/ RMG - see more pix of her and watch her on RMG TV at roverradio.com, Enjoy - Bill Squire

http://www.wmms.com/pages/alancoxshow.html?article=11743917, ICYMI: Crazy Man Yells At Street Performer 

http://www.wmms.com/pages/alancoxshow.html?article=11741960, I am very aware of breasts and breast cancer thanks to this video. - Bill Squire 

http://www.wmms.com/pages/alancoxshow.html?article=11744382, Two brothers do a great commentary over their old home movies. 

http://www.wmms.com/pages/alancoxshow.html?article=11743935, Carrie trailer re cut to Cinderella. Works smashinglly.
http://www.wmms.com/pages/mariapage.html?article=11744142, Magic pick up lines. Guys make cheesy pick up lines work.
http://www.wmms.com/pages/mariapage.html?article=11744030, Bully's shocking post about 12 year old girl's suicide. What's up with kids today?

http://www.wmms.com/pages/mariapage.html?article=11743913, The nominees for 2014 Rock Hall induction are out. Kiss on the ballot again after a 4 year absence and Nirvana for the first time. Other nominees include Deep Purple and Yes. Who should get in?
- Maria, ICYMI: Wolverine Gets Fired 

http://www.wmms.com/pages/alancoxshow.html?article=11739490, ICYMI: Gold Digger Prank 


http://www.wmms.com/pages/alancoxshow.html?article=11739924, Messing With Prostitutes 

http://www.wmms.com/pages/alancoxshow.html?article=11740881, Professional Snuggler http://www.wmms.com/pages/alancoxshow.html?article=11741015, The new worst song. - Bill Squire

http://www.wmms.com/pages/alancoxshow.html?article=11740810, Aquaman Coming Soon! - Bill Squire

http://www.wmms.com/pages/alancoxshow.html?article=11740321, Well when you point out all the flaws and plot holes of course it looks silly. - Bill Squire

http://www.wmms.com/pages/alancoxshow.html?article=11740012, Professor X gives Wolverine the boot. - Bill Squire 

http://www.wmms.com/pages/alancoxshow.html?article=11739490, All the do's and don'ts of slutty selfies. - Bill Squire http://www.wmms.com/pages/alancoxshow.html?article=11740284, Gold Digger Prank! Priceless!
http://www.wmms.com/pages/mariapage.html?article=11739667, Chaos at Walmart when glitch show EBT card has no limit. Insane!

http://www.wmms.com/pages/mariapage.html?article=11739582, This may interest anyone that likes boobs. - Bill Squire

http://www.wmms.com/pages/alancoxshow.html?article=11736857, ICYMI: Man Gets Shot After Trying to Hijack a Motorcycle

http://www.wmms.com/pages/alancoxshow.html?article=11736080, This lady some how survives being hit by two trains. - Bill Squire

http://www.wmms.com/pages/alancoxshow.html?article=11736752, null, Spanish teacher in Dallas posed for playboy. Hot for teacher?
http://www.wmms.com/pages/mariapage.html?article=11736312, WARNING GRAPHIC CONTENT: Robber shot by a police officer in Brazil. - Bill Squire

http://www.wmms.com/pages/alancoxshow.html?article=11736080, Toy doll shoots flames from where? WTF (NSFW)
http://www.wmms.com/pages/mariapage.html?article=11736062, Drunk driver crashes in ditch. Scary being behind this person. Thank god they didn't kill or hurt anyone else.
http://www.wmms.com/pages/mariapage.html?article=11735941, A burger with a bun made out of mac and cheese. I'd like to try this. - Bill Squire

http://www.wmms.com/pages/alancoxshow.html?article=11732015, null, Tom Hiddleston does a great impression of Owen Wilson as Loki. - Bill Squire

http://www.wmms.com/pages/alancoxshow.html?article=11731663, Arguably the best Scarika yet. - Bill Squire

http://www.wmms.com/pages/alancoxshow.html?article=11731631, Bride does what during ceremony? Unbelievable!
http://www.wmms.com/pages/mariapage.html?article=11731499, Newly rescued pitbull saves 4 year old boy's life. One of the reasons I'm a fan of rescue dogs and have 3 of them.
http://www.wmms.com/pages/mariapage.html?article=11731356, Woman's face smashed by male cop in jail. What's going on?
http://www.wmms.com/pages/mariapage.html?article=11731235, ICYMI: Kanye West Calls Himself A Genius Even Though He Knows He Isn't Supposed To

Read more: http://www.wmms.com/pages/alancoxshow.html?article=11728310#ixzz2hMHOA6gv, ICYMI: News Anchor Eats Cat Vomit 

http://www.wmms.com/pages/alancoxshow.html?article=11727932, Archer Does Danger Zone


http://www.wmms.com/pages/alancoxshow.html?article=11728761, Youtube Comments Choir

http://www.wmms.com/pages/alancoxshow.html?article=11727999, I've had similar similar bathroom experiences. - Bill Squire


http://www.wmms.com/pages/alancoxshow.html?article=11727987, When you know you shouldn't do something and do it any way it doesn't make you a genius, it makes you a douche bag. - Bill Squire

http://www.wmms.com/pages/alancoxshow.html?article=11728310, Woman freaks out on plane. Imagine being stuck on this plane with her. Yikes!
http://www.wmms.com/pages/mariapage.html?article=11728219, Little kid talking about his poo on the pot. To Funny!
http://www.wmms.com/pages/mariapage.html?article=11728026, local boy:  Kyrie Irving, are you going to leave us like Lebron did?, Today is David Lee Roth's Birthday. Brings up the age old question. Dave or Sammy? Forget the Gary Cherone debacle! - Maria, What's the best way to ruin someone's life and get away with it legally?, This is the Grape Nuts/cat puke video RMG mentioned. Do you buy that the dude REALLY thought he was eating cereal off the floor?, "Word to your Mutha!!" Vanilla Ice chats w/ RMG now - WMMS 100.7 - here's the vid and the story of the day V-Ice DIDN'T kick my ass...but should have. 

What's your "guilty pleasure" old-school jam? - Corey, ICYMI: Malala Yousafzai Amazing Answer On The Daily Show With Jon Stewart

Read more: http://www.wmms.com/pages/alancoxshow.html?article=11724824#ixzz2hGTTPs4S, ICYMI: Reactions to "A Routine Medical Procedure" NSFW

http://www.wmms.com/pages/alancoxshow.html?article=11724198, The good thing about having Coolio over is he cooks and sings the hits. He's not doing deep cuts like an asshole. - Bill Squire

http://www.wmms.com/pages/alancoxshow.html?article=11724305, These are creepy as hell. - Bill Squire

http://www.wmms.com/pages/alancoxshow.html?article=11725271, Miley Cyrus, The Roots, And Jimmy Fallon Sign "We Can't Stop" Acapella

Read more: http://www.wmms.com/pages/alancoxshow.html?article=11724143#ixzz2hGbYyfLY, John Stewart is speechless. - Bill Squire

http://www.wmms.com/pages/alancoxshow.html?article=11724824, Have you tried the new Mighty Wings from McDonald's? We tried them & think they're pretty rad. Here's a chance to win a $100 gift card & try them yourself: http://bit.ly/16RocLR, This is a very comprehensive list. - Bill Squire

http://www.wmms.com/pages/alancoxshow.html?article=11724599, What is something that we can have for free but not to many people know about?, New Footage from 2011 Tsunami. Holy Crap!
http://www.wmms.com/pages/mariapage.html?article=11724492, Warning Graphic: This guy got tired of waiting around for the affordable health care act and decided to take this bullet out of his shoulder after six months. (NSFW Language) - Bill Squire 

http://www.wmms.com/pages/alancoxshow.html?article=11723878, Check out these reactions to this very NSFW video I found on reddit yesterday. - Bill Squire

http://www.wmms.com/pages/alancoxshow.html?article=11724198, This school is banning what from recess? C"mon Man!
http://www.wmms.com/pages/mariapage.html?article=11724149, Niall from One Direction nails himself in face with basketball. Boy Band Fails!
http://www.wmms.com/pages/mariapage.html?article=11724027, What sucks more than trying to walk after your foot's asleep? Having everyone and their brother watching you try and walk it off! - Corey, null, null, ICYMI: Subway Kick 

http://www.wmms.com/pages/alancoxshow.html?article=11719875, ICYMI: Telekinetic Coffee Shop

http://www.wmms.com/pages/alancoxshow.html?article=11720181, Was it worth it? - Bill

http://www.wmms.com/pages/alancoxshow.html?article=11720354, From last night’s Jeopardy – anyone shocked that NONE of the three contestants knew the answer? Or, sorry…the question. Whichever, the moral of the story is: Nerds suck at metal. - Corey, The Russian version of Shipping Wars on A&E is way better. - Bill Squire

http://www.wmms.com/pages/alancoxshow.html?article=11719899, Coffee makes me poop but seeing this would make me sh!t. - Bill Squire

http://www.wmms.com/pages/alancoxshow.html?article=11720181, Crazy mom freaks out. Poor kids!
http://www.wmms.com/pages/mariapage.html?article=11720237, Kick Ass Arnold Schwarzenegger imitation. Spot on!
http://www.wmms.com/pages/mariapage.html?article=11719988, Sweet Miley Cyrus costume! http://i.imgur.com/k38V84u.jpg, Crime Doesn't Pay #413 - Don't trifle with a dude who's holding a knife. - Corey, What is something that everyone does but no one admits to?, A new study says 1 in 4 people name their cars. Are you one of 'em? My first car was a '86 Volkswagen GTI I named Roxxii. What did you name yours? - Corey, I hate this dog but the owner is the one at fault. Train your dogs! - Bill Squire

http://www.wmms.com/pages/alancoxshow.html?article=11716042, ICYMI: Liquor Aisle Mishap

http://www.wmms.com/pages/alancoxshow.html?article=11715905, ICYMI: Two teenage boys throwing chairs and desks at each other with little to know regard for the education or safety of others.  - Bill Squire


http://www.wmms.com/pages/alancoxshow.html?article=11716341, This guy wants to walk across this balance beam on this ball. What do you think is gonna happen? - Bill Squire

http://www.wmms.com/pages/alancoxshow.html?article=11717067, Kyrie Irving sits with Mike Snyder.  Watch now!  How do you think the Cleveland Cavaliers will be this year?  Go Cavs., Hugh Jackman runs into a former student on the red carpet and gives busts his balls. - Bill Squire

http://www.wmms.com/pages/alancoxshow.html?article=11716100, She is actually really good at wake boarding but I'm still way better at eating Chinese food than her. - Bill Squire

http://www.wmms.com/pages/alancoxshow.html?article=11716661, I don't know why they are fighting or where they are but they throw all the chairs and desks they can find. - Bill Squire


http://www.wmms.com/pages/alancoxshow.html?article=11716341, Out of control fan gets tasered at Oakland Detroit playoff game. Dumbass!
http://www.wmms.com/pages/mariapage.html?article=11716445, Teacher smacks student caught on camera.
http://www.wmms.com/pages/mariapage.html?article=11716101, anyone else super annoyed by these friggin' stink bugs everywhere?, Does it weird you out to see what cartoon voices look like in real life? Check this video out...It splits my head in half. (Simpsons, Beavis and Butthead, Family Guy, etc) - Corey, Pauly Shore joins RMG in studio now - WMMS 100.7 and watch on RMG-TV at roverradio.com, Browns beat the Bengals.  Bengals beat the Patriots.   With the Browns not playing today, I'm gonna treat that like we just beat the Patriots., Anybody have other Halloween hacks? - Bill Squire

http://www.wmms.com/pages/alancoxshow.html?article=11712674, Gotta love that sound of the ball clank off that guys head. - Bill Squire

http://www.wmms.com/pages/alancoxshow.html?article=11712530, Zach Galifianakis filmed a pilot where he blew up meth labs. The show didn't get picked up but this clip found its way onto youtube. - Bill Squire


http://www.wmms.com/pages/alancoxshow.html?article=11712296, Postal worker drives over lawn to deliver small package. How lazy can you get.
http://www.wmms.com/pages/mariapage.html?article=11711803, Mily Twerk Action Figure. Start your Christmas shopping now.
http://www.wmms.com/pages/mariapage.html?article=11711562, Comic Mo Mandel joins RMG in studio now - WMMS 100.7 or watch on RMG TV at roverradio.com, FIRST PLACE!, These ScarJo falling memes are fantastic. - Bill 


http://www.wmms.com/pages/alancoxshow.html?article=11709371, Miley didn't take Sinead O'Connor's advice. - Bill Squire

http://www.wmms.com/pages/alancoxshow.html?article=11709099, Capitol Hill Car Chase Video - Bill Squire

http://www.wmms.com/pages/alancoxshow.html?article=11709236, Sinead O'Connor wrote a motherly letter full of love to Miley Cyrus telling her to quit acting like a whore. - Bill Squire

http://www.wmms.com/pages/alancoxshow.html?article=11708572, Getting a chisel hammered into your spine relieves a lot of stress and tension in your back and legs. It's due to paralysis but still it's nice. - Bill Squire

http://www.wmms.com/pages/alancoxshow.html?article=11707942 

http://www.wmms.com/pages/alancoxshow.html?article=11707942, WARNING GRAPHIC CONTENT: A dentist pulls a man's tooth to reveal maggots in his gums. Barf. - Bill Squire

http://www.wmms.com/pages/alancoxshow.html?article=11708545, Suspect is in custody in DC shooting. Lock down of US Capitol has been lifted! At least one officer injured. http://bit.ly/GBzjf6, BREAKING: U.S. Capitol on lockdown after reports of shots fired! http://bit.ly/1a3fNkH, This makes me want to re-watch season 3. - Bill Squire

http://www.wmms.com/pages/alancoxshow.html?article=11707990, Breaking up with your football team. Pass this on to Steelers Fans. Go Browns!
http://www.wmms.com/pages/mariapage.html?article=11708292, Male Cops Stripping Women Naked! What's Happening?
http://www.wmms.com/pages/mariapage.html?article=11707975, Come n' get it...brand new Five Finger Death Punch video here - what do you think? - Corey, Congrats Cleveland Indians to a great year, and a fun September.   Let's hope it's a sign of good things to come.   We had fun this year.  Thanks.   Go Tribe., Roxanne is on the Thursday Hook-Up w/ RMG. See more pix of her (and watch on RMG TV) at roverradio.com, Rays beat the Tribe 4-0. Thanks for the ride Tribe! It was a magical season! We'll get 'em next year!, Drunken Moments of Kiefer Sutherland. Have a Cuervo!
http://www.wmms.com/pages/mariapage.html?article=11704512, October baseball for our tribe! Nothng like an old classic to get you pumped up for tonights game. Don't forget to wear your red tonight. GO TRIBE!
http://www.wmms.com/pages/mariapage.html?article=11704122, This is the full video of the biker gang chasing down a guy in a Range Rover. - Bill Squire


http://www.wmms.com/pages/alancoxshow.html?article=11701543, This guy can't handle this big black cock. - Bill Squire

http://www.wmms.com/pages/alancoxshow.html?article=11700706, If you are gonna hook up with some one at a party clothes the curtains. - Bill Squire


http://www.wmms.com/pages/alancoxshow.html?article=11701283, Remember the dancing girl that quit her job earlier this week? Well her former employer is hiring. - Bill Squire

http://www.wmms.com/pages/alancoxshow.html?article=11701448, In one hour, night two of the #iHeartRadio Music Festival TV special will air on The CW Network. You'll be able to watch performances and highlights from some of the biggest artists in music . Will you be watching?, null, Here is a list of places closed by the government shutdown. - Bill Squire

 http://www.wmms.com/pages/alancoxshow.html?article=11701059, Usually when I watch videos involving a pizza delivery driver on the internet I get a warm feeling on the outside of my body. - Bill Squire


http://www.wmms.com/pages/alancoxshow.html?article=11700584, Funny spoof of social media. Hilarious yet spot on.

http://www.wmms.com/pages/mariapage.html?article=11700480, Man punches female clerk over 41 cents. WTF!
http://www.wmms.com/pages/mariapage.html?article=11700360, Oh look, another video of children who are at LEAST half my age and kick my ass at rocking. I'm losing the will to live here - Corey, ICYMI: The girl made a video of her dancing to let her boss know she quits. - Bill Squire

http://www.wmms.com/pages/alancoxshow.html?article=11696566, It's official! The Tampa Bay Rays have defeated the Texas Rangers 5-2. Indians will play Tampa Bay Wednesday night at Progressive Field!, This is way better than dotting the "I". - Bill Squire 

http://www.wmms.com/pages/alancoxshow.html?article=11696189, Any of these apply to you? I hate getting my haircut just cause of the awkward conversations. - Bill Squire

http://www.wmms.com/pages/alancoxshow.html?article=11696996, ICYMI: Indians Walk Off Compilation 

http://www.wmms.com/pages/alancoxshow.html?article=11696449, In one hour, night one of the #iHeartRadio Music Festival two-night TV special will air on The CW Network. You'll be able to watch performances from Thirty Seconds To Mars, Muse and more!

Will you be watching?, Squirrel Fishing looks like fun til you take the hook out. - Bill Squire

http://www.wmms.com/pages/alancoxshow.html?article=11696044, Who would you rather the Cleveland Indians play on Wednesday?   Tampa or Texas?, This guy is drunk and having a lough affair with this bag of popcorn. - Bill Squire

http://www.wmms.com/pages/alancoxshow.html?article=11696306, Girl quits job dancing in video. Is she for real? 
http://www.wmms.com/pages/mariapage.html?article=11696475, A world with Walter White killing zombies is a world I want to get to know. - Bill Squire

http://www.wmms.com/pages/alancoxshow.html?article=11696319, The tribe tallied an incredible ELEVEN walk off wins this season in their chase for a postseason spot! Here's an awesome compilation of ALL pf them!
http://www.wmms.com/pages/mariapage.html?article=11696188, Gene Simmons sings the National Anthem. Result - Steelers 0-4. Go Gene!
 http://www.wmms.com/pages/mariapage.html?article=11695858, Were you happy with the ending of Breaking Bad ?, WMMS is 1-0 on Cleveland Indians post season.    Just sayin'.   INDIANS + WMMS = playoffs., Such a great day!!!, null, YES!!!!! The Indians have beaten the Twins and will host the Wednesday night Wild Card game against either Tampa Bay or Texas! GO TRIBE!!!!, WIN: Metallica Through the Never Prize Pack which includes movie tickets & Black Album Vinyl!, Some drunk dude falls on to the tracks. He is lucky there were some good people around to save his ass. - Bill Squire

http://www.wmms.com/pages/alancoxshow.html?article=11691263, I think that Kanye is actually mad because he is kind of a baby but some people think it is a bit. What do you think? - Bill Squire

http://www.wmms.com/pages/alancoxshow.html?article=11691861, Why hold auditions when you can just build your dance team? - Bill Squire

http://www.wmms.com/pages/alancoxshow.html?article=11691224, WARNING: Parkour Mishap. Mis-SNAP might better explain this video. - Bill Squire http://www.wmms.com/pages/alancoxshow.html?article=11691193, We're proud to be part of the iHeartRadio #ShowYourStripes movement to support hiring vets. Hire Smart. Hire Vets. Find out more here: http://www.showyourstripes.org/, Jimmy Kimmel Spoofs Kanye Interview. What a d**ch. Kanye that is.
http://www.wmms.com/pages/mariapage.html?article=11691702, NINE INCH NAILS LIVE limited time special ticket offer:  4 for $100! Don’t miss them Saturday, October 5 at the Wolstein Center at CSU!, Contagious Laugh! You will catch the laughing bug!
http://www.wmms.com/pages/mariapage.html?article=11691278, ICYMI: new episode of Between Two Ferns with Zach Galifianakis 

http://www.wmms.com/pages/alancoxshow.html?article=11687902, Sexy asian chicks. - Bill Squire

http://www.wmms.com/pages/alancoxshow.html?article=11688316, This girl tries to prank her sister and it goes terribly wrong. - Bill Squire

http://www.wmms.com/pages/alancoxshow.html?article=11688076, Gifs with sound are technically called videos. They are still pretty fun. - Bill Squire

http://www.wmms.com/pages/alancoxshow.html?article=11687987, These pictures captured some truly horrified reactions and they are hilarious. - Bill Squire


http://www.wmms.com/pages/alancoxshow.html?article=11688290, As if I wasn't excited enough already for the Breaking Bad finale. - Bill Squire 

http://www.wmms.com/pages/alancoxshow.html?article=11687969, Saving our pets from fire. Would your pet be saved?
http://www.wmms.com/pages/mariapage.html?article=11688093, I always enjoy a new episode of "Between Two Ferns with Zach Galifianakis". - Bill Squire

http://www.wmms.com/pages/alancoxshow.html?article=11687902, Woman Steals Baseball From Littele Girl, What a ..
http://www.wmms.com/pages/mariapage.html?article=11687628, Andrew WK is in studio w/ RMG now - WMMS 100.7 or watch on RMG-TV at roverradio.com, Erika, Bill, Maria, and EV at the tribe game last night., null, Jimmy Fallon and JT are right. - Bill Squire

http://www.wmms.com/pages/alancoxshow.html?article=11684746, Very disturbing footage of Aaron Alexis the Navy Yard Shooter. - Bill Squire

http://www.wmms.com/pages/alancoxshow.html?article=11684848, Did they miss any? Bill Squire

http://www.wmms.com/pages/alancoxshow.html?article=11684096, 10 ways to clean or ix clothing you thought was lost forever. - Bill Squire

http://www.wmms.com/pages/alancoxshow.html?article=11684630, It was 33 years ago today we lost John Bonham.This is what made him so great.
http://www.wmms.com/pages/mariapage.html?article=11684273, Burgler breakiing into home caught on camera. Busted!
http://www.wmms.com/pages/mariapage.html?article=11684070, Check out all these bad decisions. - Bill Squire

http://www.wmms.com/pages/alancoxshow.html?article=11681446, ICYMI: This homeless guy does great impressions of Breaking Bad characters. He also makes references from some pretty recent episodes so he may be a really new homeless person. - Bill Squire

http://www.wmms.com/pages/alancoxshow.html?article=11680475, ICYMI: Couple Bangin While Driving
http://www.wmms.com/pages/alancoxshow.html?article=11680024, Russian road rage revenge with a huge rock. - Bill Squire

http://www.wmms.com/pages/alancoxshow.html?article=11681002, Check out this ridiculous anti-porn video. Who invites their friends over to watch porn? He was gonna do it too. Very weird. - Bill Squire 
http://www.wmms.com/pages/alancoxshow.html?article=11680538, Homeless man does Breaking Bad Impressions for food.
http://www.wmms.com/pages/mariapage.html?article=11680367, Condom Prank!
http://www.wmms.com/pages/mariapage.html?article=11680248, Kate Upton walking in slow motion. Enjoy. - Bill Squire

http://www.wmms.com/pages/alancoxshow.html?article=11676795, The Dudes birthday is Dec 4. Find out which fictional character you share a birthday with. - Bill Squire

http://www.wmms.com/pages/alancoxshow.html?article=11676857, She keeps it short. Really short. - Bill Squire 
http://www.wmms.com/pages/alancoxshow.html?article=11676831, This guy tries to lift 600 lbs. If he was successful no one would watch this video. - Bill Squire

http://www.wmms.com/pages/alancoxshow.html?article=11676054, What Big Ben and the 0-3 Steelers are infor the rest of the season.

http://www.wmms.com/pages/mariapage.html?article=11676656, Mock cable commercial tells it like it is!
http://www.wmms.com/pages/mariapage.html?article=11676344, Creed Bratton from "The Office" joins RMG in studio now - WMMS 100.7 and watch on RMG-TV at roverradio.com, null, We had a blast at the 2013 #iHeartRadio Music Festival. We hope you had as much fun as we did! Check out photos, videos and more at www.iheartradio.com/vegas, null, Some talented person made a stop motion video of an engine he rebuilt. It's awesome. - Bill Squire

http://www.wmms.com/pages/alancoxshow.html?article=11671924, Chipotle takes it to the face from Funny or Die in this brilliant parody of their wildly popular "Scarecrow" ad. - Bill Squire

http://www.wmms.com/pages/alancoxshow.html?article=11671949, Louis CK on Conan talking about how he doesn't give his kids phones. I love this man. - Bill Squire
http://www.wmms.com/pages/alancoxshow.html?article=11671920, Ron Paul chats with RMG now - WMMS 100.7, **Corey Rotic**
Weeknights 7-mid, weekends, Ugh...so I can't be the only one who was up WAY too late playing Grand Theft Auto V last night. It's gonna be a long day. - Corey, The iHeartRadio Music Festival begins tomorrow night! You will be able to watch over 20 of the biggest names in music hit the MGM Grand Las Vegas stage LIVE beginning at 7pm PT / 10p ET right here:  www.iheartradio.com/vegas 

Who are you most excited to see?, A collection of gifs and pics of hilariously unfortunate cats. - Bill Squire http://www.wmms.com/pages/alancoxshow.html?article=11668897, This lady has a pant suit and she ain't afraid to show it. - Bill Squire

http://www.wmms.com/pages/alancoxshow.html?article=11668281, This pirate bit starts to fall apart when the teleprompter doesn't work but this guy never breaks character. - Bill Squire 

http://www.wmms.com/pages/alancoxshow.html?article=11668257, Would You lie to cover for a total stranger? In this prank video people do their best to keep the lie going. - Bill Squire http://www.wmms.com/pages/alancoxshow.html?article=11668322, Near death caught on tape.
http://www.wmms.com/pages/mariapage.html?article=11668426, Random tomfoolery: Here's the most ridiculous and hilarious thing you'll see today - Drunken Mario, Vine-style, Ohio State students find guy living in basement. Yikes!
http://www.wmms.com/pages/mariapage.html?article=11668227, Well Cleveland Browns fans.  What d'ya think?  How you feelin today?, Comic Ralphie May joins RMG in-studio for the Thursday Hook-Up with Charlotte. See more pix and watch on RMG-TV at roverradio.com, Something old, something new, something borrowed and something poo. - Bill Squire

http://www.wmms.com/pages/alancoxshow.html?article=11664663, Sleep Away Camp Sketch Part 2

http://www.wmms.com/pages/alancoxshow.html?article=11664497, I have one of these pools and I was thinking about doing the same thing. - Bill Squire

http://www.wmms.com/pages/alancoxshow.html?article=11665205, This wasn't even close. - Bill Squire

http://www.wmms.com/pages/alancoxshow.html?article=11664376, The man said "Cabinet" now pay up Sajack! - Bill Squire
http://www.wmms.com/pages/alancoxshow.html?article=11664716, null, World War Z gets an honest trailer. - Bill Squire

http://www.wmms.com/pages/alancoxshow.html?article=11664642, Puppet Porn? Just wrong!
http://www.wmms.com/pages/mariapage.html?article=11664635, Big Hair Wednesday - Chriss Angel before he was famous!
http://www.wmms.com/pages/mariapage.html?article=11664240, I NEED rock. Click the link to tell me what you're listening to and check out some stuff I've been high on lately - Corey, Cleveland Browns to start Brian Hoyer at QB this Sunday.   We are now on our 3rd QB going into the 3rd game.   Business as usual.   Go Browns., null, WORLD PREMIERE: Stone Temple Pilots are back with a new song, "Black Heart". Get your first listen: www.iheartradio.com/stonetemplepilots

What do you think of the new song?, ICYMI: You Lose You Get a Tattoo - Bill 

http://www.wmms.com/pages/alancoxshow.html?article=11660454, This girl has turned the table on the term "Shocker". - Bill 

http://www.wmms.com/pages/alancoxshow.html, Big ASS Slam - Bill 

http://www.wmms.com/pages/alancoxshow.html?article=11660862, Bill Nye doing it. - Bill Squire

http://www.wmms.com/pages/alancoxshow.html?article=11660836, A house that has beer instead of water is my  Extreme Home Makeover dream house. - Bill 

http://www.wmms.com/pages/alancoxshow.html?article=11659866, Banned Commercial. Hilarious!
http://www.wmms.com/pages/mariapage.html?article=11660997, I love a tattoo be but this goes above and beyond. - Bill 

http://www.wmms.com/pages/alancoxshow.html?article=11660454, Maria has your shot to win a $250 American Express Gift Card courtesy of the Fox show Dads. Listen at 1:41P!, A couple weeks ago we played the audio of the 911 call of some teenage boys that saw a woman mouthing the word "Help" from the back of a car. Here is the dash cam footage of the cops arresting the kidnapper. - Bill 

http://www.wmms.com/pages/alancoxshow.html?article=11660070, Drunk Vikings fan after team falls to 0-2!
http://www.wmms.com/pages/mariapage.html?article=11660539, I wonder how many times they hit him with that shovel before they got the impact absorbing gel right? - Bill 

http://www.wmms.com/pages/alancoxshow.html?article=11660194, When will the Browns win their first game?, ON RMG now - woman has set goal to bang 100k men. How many previous partners are "too many"? - Corey http://bit.ly/17GssKQ, He just wants to talk to Michelle. - Bill 
http://www.wmms.com/pages/alancoxshow.html?article=11657317, The biggest tip I ever got was $100. Can anyone top the $200 from this video? - Bill 

http://www.wmms.com/pages/alancoxshow.html?article=11657290, Toledo Arrest Caught On Tape. Schocking?
http://www.wmms.com/pages/mariapage.html?article=11656788, Terry Bradshaw Drops F-Bomb on Fax
http://www.wmms.com/pages/mariapage.html?article=11656644, Which band launched the careers of Jack Nicholson, Jimi Hendrix, outsold the Beatles and the Stones COMBINED in 1967, and (as they mark their 47th anniversary) can still kick your favorite band's ass? - Corey Rotic, ICYMI: A fantastic compilation of gloriously awkward Segway crashes. 

http://www.wmms.com/pages/alancoxshow.html?article=11648112, Chris Rock's lil brother Tony talks about the whitest thing he's ever seen. - Bill 

http://www.wmms.com/pages/alancoxshow.html?article=11652001, Monty Python AndThe Holy Grail Recut Trailer. Run Away!!
http://www.wmms.com/pages/alancoxshow.html?article=11652068, Take it easy lady it's not real. - Bill 
http://www.wmms.com/pages/alancoxshow.html?article=11651977, Coo coo ca cha! 


http://www.wmms.com/pages/alancoxshow.html?article=11652138, Real Commercial for Mayor. Is he for real?
http://www.wmms.com/pages/mariapage.html?article=11652113, Last call! The Online Auction ends TODAY at 1:00 PM! Don't miss the chance to bid on some great items including restaurant gift certificates, home improvement items, stay-cations, & more! Bid here now: http://xcle.neofillbids.com/, Actress/comic/author Iesha Tyler is in studio right now on RMG-TV at roverradio.com, ICYMI: Car Explosion Caught on Video http://www.wmms.com/pages/alancoxshow.html?article=11648064, This guy gets tough then is carried out of the store like a whiny kid. - Bill 
http://www.wmms.com/pages/alancoxshow.html?article=11649338, 3 am is the perfect time to have some drinks and fix some public property. - Bill 

http://www.wmms.com/pages/alancoxshow.html?article=11648103, I like the one with the midget. - Bill 

http://www.wmms.com/pages/alancoxshow.html?article=11642179, This is Just Wrong!
http://www.wmms.com/pages/mariapage.html?article=11648628, Nice snatch! - Bill 

http://www.wmms.com/pages/alancoxshow.html?article=11648041, Fan-F'n-Tastic Kid. Hilarious!
http://www.wmms.com/pages/mariapage.html?article=11648385, I would love to see Jeffery on one of these. - Bill 

http://www.wmms.com/pages/alancoxshow.html?article=11648112, Well, looks like I'm gonna be headed back to LA...and into divorce court. - Corey, Explore, Experience and Celebrate Cleveland at the 11th Annual SPARX City Hop on Saturday, September 21st!, YoYo is a hula-hooper and she's on the Thursday Hook-Up with RMG - see pix of her and watch on RMG-TV at http://bit.ly/1em8r29, The Simpsons and Breaking Bad hanging out is cool. Bob Odenkirk getting a spin off show "Better Call Saul" is cooler. - Bill 

http://www.wmms.com/pages/alancoxshow.html?article=11645770, Miley really should be wearing a hard hat when she swings from that wrecking ball. - Bill 
http://www.wmms.com/pages/alancoxshow.html?article=11645741, A phone you can build yourself. 

http://www.wmms.com/pages/alancoxshow.html?article=11642172, null, Way to go, Romeo. How has romance bitten you in the ass? - Corey, Ripley's believe it or not shot. - Bill http://www.wmms.com/pages/alancoxshow.html?article=11641389, ICYMI: Jimmy Kimmel was behind the twerking girl on fire video. - Bill 

http://www.wmms.com/pages/alancoxshow.html?article=11641213, I got married once, and (the puss I am) I PROMISE you I would have dealt black-eyes like mad if this was done to me. Have you ever seen an effed up prank at a wedding? - C*R*, Monopoly Rage! Over Monopoly? Realy? http://www.wmms.com/pages/mariapage.html?article=11641278, Twerk Video Hoax!
http://www.wmms.com/pages/mariapage.html?article=11640926, Good morning, this will get'cha off on the right foot http://bit.ly/17UsWd2, ICYMI: A cheerio lands on this dogs head and this dog doesn't know how to handle it. 

http://www.wmms.com/pages/alancoxshow.html?article=11636535, This is better than the new Eminem song. - Bill 
http://www.wmms.com/pages/alancoxshow.html?article=11637407, This is an ad for the lottery in France and it is really dark but it made me laugh pretty damn hard. - Bill 

http://www.wmms.com/pages/alancoxshow.html?article=11637787, Praying Mantis ATTACK! -erikalauren, He's just not as good with out Space Ghost. - Bill 

http://www.wmms.com/pages/alancoxshow.html?article=11637268, What's your favorite sub-reddit? - Bill 

http://www.wmms.com/pages/alancoxshow.html?article=11636435, Best Arrest Video. Hillarious!
http://www.wmms.com/pages/mariapage.html?article=11637224, A cheerio lands on this dogs forehead and she doesn't know what to do. I can't stop laughing at that face. - Bill 

http://www.wmms.com/pages/alancoxshow.html?article=11636535, Which TV moments do you remember clearly from your youth? - Corey, Dude Staring Behind Erin Andrews, Who Wouldn't?
http://www.wmms.com/pages/mariapage.html?article=11636742, Things are lookin up. , On RMG now, Charlie says the key to strengthening America is to outlaw all sports. Thoughts?, ICYMI: The Fox!!!

http://www.wmms.com/pages/alancoxshow.html?article=11628395, Maybe there is some sort of color/chemical reaction.  Football + Brown + Orange isn't working.   If we dressed up the Packers in Browns unis... would THEY win?, Go Browns.  But wait..  they told us this year would be different.   What happened?, Russians know the best ways to get hypothermia. - Bill 

http://www.wmms.com/pages/alancoxshow.html?article=11631862, LAST CHANCE to win a Rover's Morning Glory Golf Outing Foursome!, More tight dresses. - Bill 

http://www.wmms.com/pages/alancoxshow.html?article=11632758, Twerk Fail! She's on Fire, Literally!
http://www.wmms.com/pages/mariapage.html?article=11632454, If you dig sleazy rock (ala early Crue, GNR, Skid Row) you gotta check these guys out now. You're welcome - Corey, Fake Professor Prank and He Nails It!
http://www.wmms.com/pages/mariapage.html?article=11631765, Check out the first trailer for the upcoming RoboCop flick - you dig it or hate it? What would YOU change?, This music video has the internet all worked up. - Bill 

http://www.wmms.com/pages/alancoxshow.html?article=11628395, Can Larry David and George Costanza be on a show together please? - Bill http://www.wmms.com/pages/alancoxshow.html?article=11629076, Breaking Bad and Family Guy coming together. - Bill 

http://www.wmms.com/pages/alancoxshow.html?article=11628288, Filter fans:  the guys are joining The Alan Cox Show in studio right now!  Tune in! -erika lauren, This guy does an amazing job of singing the Tetris theme acapella. - Bill 

http://www.wmms.com/pages/alancoxshow.html?article=11628420, Mike Polk started a great charity. I have a Derrick Anderson jersey i can donate to the cause. Check it out. - Bill 

http://www.wmms.com/pages/alancoxshow.html?article=11628460, Woman's McNugget Rage, Insane!
http://www.wmms.com/pages/mariapage.html?article=11628301, Allie is on the Thursday Hook-Up w/ RMG - see more pix of her and watch on RMG-TV at roverradio.com, Sexy Girls in Tight Dresses. 

http://www.wmms.com/pages/alancoxshow.html?article=11625930, I could watch her play all day...she is kind of okay at singing too I guess. - Bill 

http://www.wmms.com/pages/alancoxshow.html?article=11626130, ICYMI: Iraq Vet bests robber

http://www.wmms.com/pages/alancoxshow.html?article=11624920, ICYMI: Movie Trailer Voice Guy Prank 

http://www.wmms.com/pages/alancoxshow.html?article=11624274, NERD ALERT: This kid makes an Iron Man costume out of balloons. - Bill  

http://www.wmms.com/pages/alancoxshow.html?article=11625141, Little Gordon Friggin Hilarious!
http://www.wmms.com/pages/mariapage.html?article=11625169, If you plan on robbing somebody make sure it isn't an Iraq War Vet with 4 tours of duty under his belt. - Bill
http://www.wmms.com/pages/alancoxshow.html?article=11624920, Brain Freeze Contest Fail!
http://www.wmms.com/pages/mariapage.html?article=11624904, two things.  1.  This is sad.   2.  We want one of these remote control quad copters with a camera., Win a Rover's Morning Glory Golf Outing Foursome!, BREAKING: Ariel Castro has committed suicide!, This Australian guy gets arrested and goes on a terrific rant about being a gentleman and that they shouldn't touch his penis. - Bill 

http://www.wmms.com/pages/alancoxshow.html?article=11621946, Check out these Google Earth before and after photos. - Bill 

http://www.wmms.com/pages/alancoxshow.html?article=11622043, Jeff Ross killed it last night at The Roast of James Franco. - Bill 

http://www.wmms.com/pages/alancoxshow.html?article=11621477, If they filmed this in Syria then I understand why the people were so jumpy- Bill 

http://www.wmms.com/pages/alancoxshow.html?article=11621513, Browns New Kicker?
http://www.wmms.com/pages/mariapage.html?article=11621282, Super Sexy and Funny Commercials
http://www.wmms.com/pages/mariapage.html?article=11621206, Win a Rover's Morning Glory Golf Outing Foursome: http://ow.ly/omncC, Win a Rover's Morning Glory Golf Outing Foursome, Something to get you through the rest of your work day before the holiday weekend! -erikalauren, Walter White does like his coffee! -erikalauren, "The Shawshank Redemption" celebrates it's 20th anniversary in Mansfield this weekend., Enjoy these hot TV Reporters. 


http://www.wmms.com/pages/alancoxshow.html?article=11614114, ICYMI: Blow Dart Earring 


http://www.wmms.com/pages/alancoxshow.html?article=11612934, This cat LOVES this massage. - Bill 

http://www.wmms.com/pages/alancoxshow.html?article=11612942, Ever wanted to see some one get their ear pierced by a blow gun? - Bill 

http://www.wmms.com/pages/alancoxshow.html?article=11612934, Win a Rover's Morning Glory Golf Outing Foursome: http://ow.ly/omncC, I love a wig falling off. - Bill 

http://www.wmms.com/pages/alancoxshow.html?article=11612911, The former teen mom gave acting with her clothes on a try and it is awful. I mean really terrible. - Bill 
http://www.wmms.com/pages/alancoxshow.html?article=11613443, Browns Fans! Madden NFL 25 Highlights
http://www.wmms.com/pages/mariapage.html?article=11613038, Warning! Do Not Watch!
http://www.wmms.com/pages/mariapage.html?article=11612824, The Thursday Hook-up is on w/ RMG - see more photos of Maggie (and watch her on RMG-TV) at roverradio.com, Enjoy these ladies getting in a good stretch. - Bill 

http://www.wmms.com/pages/alancoxshow.html?article=11610379, ICYMI: Japanese Dinosaur Prank

http://www.wmms.com/pages/alancoxshow.html?article=11609766, Win a Rover's Morning Glory Golf Outing Foursome!, I had 5 out of 15 of these toys. - Bill 

http://www.wmms.com/pages/alancoxshow.html?article=11610323, We're proud to be part of the iHeartRadio #ShowYourStripes movement to support hiring vets. Hire Smart. Hire Vets. To find out more go to: http://www.showyourstripes.org/, I need to get one of these dinosaur costumes for a Scarika Lauren Vine. - Bill 


http://www.wmms.com/pages/alancoxshow.html?article=11609766, JUSTICE! 


http://www.wmms.com/pages/alancoxshow.html?article=11609737, Scientists are only a few steps away from making the sex scene in Demolition Man a reality. I'm sure there will be other applications for this technology but that's what I take away from this whole thing. - Bil http://www.wmms.com/pages/alancoxshow.html?article=11609753, Strangely turned on? Yes. I am.--AC, All bodily injury is funny.--AC, Cupcake ATM, What?
http://www.wmms.com/pages/mariapage.html?article=11609742, I've always wanted to try this...now I don't have to. - Bill 

http://www.wmms.com/pages/alancoxshow.html?article=11606148, PHOTOS: 10 Fun Facts While Looking at Hot Babes! Just doing our part to keep you educated!, ICYMI: Hank and Marie Watch Miley Cyrus at the VMAs.

http://www.wmms.com/pages/alancoxshow.html?article=11605257, This guy gets slapped by a couch while hanging out on his balcony. - Bill 

http://www.wmms.com/pages/alancoxshow.html?article=11605439, Did Walt Give Hank the wrong video? Hilarious!, Dude's "Breaking Bad"/ VMAs mashup is tight!--AC, If you wear real pants you probably won't have to punch anyone because they pulled your pants down in front of a large crowd.  - Bill  
http://www.wmms.com/pages/alancoxshow.html?article=11601733, Oakland is so dangerous gun shots don't even make people run for cover they just keep on walking. - Bill 

http://www.wmms.com/pages/alancoxshow.html?article=11603206, This old man is an armpit fart noise master. - Bill http://www.wmms.com/pages/alancoxshow.html?article=11601838, In honor of today being National Dog Day, here's a pic of my 3 rescue dogs chillin! So go home and hug your dog and consider adopting a rescue! ~ Maria, In 2008 The Onion predicted that Miley Cyrus would be all used up by 2013. I think they nailed it. - Bill 

http://www.wmms.com/pages/alancoxshow.html?article=11602436, Another pageant girl gives an amazingly bad answer. 

http://www.wmms.com/pages/alancoxshow.html?article=11600857, Does Miley Need An Intervention for Twerking, like the poor girl in this video?, INCYMI: Get ready to feel old. 

http://www.wmms.com/pages/alancoxshow.html?article=11595715, Win TNA Wrestling Knockout Zone Tickets!, ICYMI: Guy gets shot with a beanbag in Vancouver. 

http://www.wmms.com/pages/alancoxshow.html?article=11591995, ICYMI: The 25 Year Old Black head

http://www.wmms.com/pages/alancoxshow.html?article=11594780, Weed Vs Pot finally put to a true scientific test. 

http://www.wmms.com/pages/alancoxshow.html?article=11597916, 17 pictures that will make you do a double take. 

http://www.wmms.com/pages/alancoxshow.html?article=11598072, Win TNA Wrestling Knockout Zone Tickets!, Amber Rose has a big ole butt. 

http://www.wmms.com/pages/alancoxshow.html?article=11598580, Funny! Check out this hilarious parody of a PSA announcement regarding the new NFL bag policy!, Ben Affleck will play Batman in the yet to be made Batman-Superman Movie. Click on the link below and vote for who you think was the worst Batman ever! http://www.wmms.com/pages/mariapage.html?article=11597663, Method-acting at its finest: dude attempts to shred "Eruption" on guitar...after 10 beers. - Corey, This kid gives a very emphatic speech about how great it is to go to Georgia Tech which inspired me to give a similar speech to people attending college online. - Bill 

http://www.wmms.com/pages/alancoxshow.html?article=11594771, Chicks Doing Yoga In Bikinis! You're welcome!, Get ready to puke! this family works together to pull a 25 year old blackhead out of their aunt. It's a beauty. - Bill 

http://www.wmms.com/pages/alancoxshow.html?article=11594780, Layne Staley of Alice in Chains would've been 46 years old today! Check out this video tribute to Layne featuring rare footage!, This guy gets shot by a beanbag gun in Canada. 

http://www.wmms.com/pages/alancoxshow.html?article=11591995, This chick gets nailed by a dumpster while dancing at a party. 
http://www.wmms.com/pages/alancoxshow.html?article=11591433, Nothing says classy like walking down the aisle to "Crazy Bitch". - Bill 

http://www.wmms.com/pages/alancoxshow.html?article=11591487, Purchase a Coats for Kids Cleveland Car Raffle ticket today for a chance to win a brand new 2013 Mitsubishi Outlander Sport ES or one of two cash prizes! Only 1,100 tickets will be sold!, Goats. Love. Yoga. Balls. 

http://www.wmms.com/pages/alancoxshow.html?article=11587684, ICYMI: Former Cavalier Shannon Brown Slam Dunk Fail

http://www.wmms.com/pages/alancoxshow.html?article=11587153, I can't believe it took this long for some one to crowd surf on down. 

http://www.wmms.com/pages/alancoxshow.html?article=11587839, This truck jumps a guard rail and goes air borne and a girl catches it all on vine. 

http://www.wmms.com/pages/alancoxshow.html?article=11587366, Former Cavalier Shannon Brown fails hard trying to dunk over three guys. 

http://www.wmms.com/pages/alancoxshow.html?article=11587153, ICYMI: Goats love yoga balls. I love this. 
http://www.wmms.com/pages/alancoxshow.html?article=11587684, PHOTOS: Breaking Bad - The Final Season!, iHeartRadio Exclusive Video Premiere: Pop Evil is out with their new single, “Deal With The Devil” and we have the video right here. 
Watch: www.iheartradio.com/popevil, I've got about a billion wiseass comments I could make, but I'm biting my tongue for now. Here you go, Beatles/John Lennon fans - Corey
 http://tinyurl.com/lecg7w2, ICYMI: DRY LOVE! https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZaH4FANzfck&feature=youtube_gdata_player, Who doesn't love watching Erika Lauren getting Scared? http://www.wmms.com/pages/alancoxshow.html?article=11583589, Maybe teach her not to point the gun at people before you let her shoot it?

http://www.wmms.com/pages/alancoxshow.html?article=11583441, Does it come in black?

http://www.wmms.com/pages/alancoxshow.html?article=11583421, Trust is important. 

http://www.wmms.com/pages/alancoxshow.html?article=11583968, Pam Oliver gets it right in the face. - Bill 

http://www.wmms.com/pages/alancoxshow.html?article=11583588, LAST DAY to win Chris Cornell tickets!, Win Chris Cornell tickets!, Win Chris Cornell tickets!, This Grandma is having an awesome time. 


http://www.wmms.com/pages/alancoxshow.html?article=11579227, These stunt women recreate a classic 'Family Guy' fight scene. - Bill

http://www.wmms.com/pages/alancoxshow.html?article=11579601, The guy sitting next to the streaker got a nice video of 'The Brown Streak' getting laid out. - Bill 

http://www.wmms.com/pages/alancoxshow.html?article=11579294, PHOTOS: Remembering Lisa Robin Kelly!, 'That '70s Show' star Lisa Robin Kelly dead at 43!, Purchase Chris Cornell presale tickets NOW until 10pm!, SMASH, SMASH, SUH-MAASH! --AC , Love heavy metal AND Benny Goodman? He's your man! --AC, The legendary NE blackout happened ten years ago today! Where were you when it happened?, The music video for The Alan Cox Show Fan Page Original Song "Dry Love" will either make you laugh really hard or punch your screen.

http://www.wmms.com/pages/alancoxshow.html?article=11567785, A year ago this guy turned his brothers room into a little girls room. This year he took it to a whole new angle. 


http://www.wmms.com/pages/alancoxshow.html?article=11564322, This mother calls her kids out for not flushing and it is all caught on video. Language is NSFW. 

http://www.wmms.com/pages/alancoxshow.html?article=11564194, Win WWE RAW tickets!, Let's face it! Here's the ONLY reason to watch the news!, Win VIP Carnival of Madness tickets!, Time to test your classic rock knowledge by seeing if you can guess the band without seeing all the members! http://www.wmms.com/photos/main/can-you-recognize-the-band-357576/, Win WWE RAW tickets!, null, PHOTOS: Porn Stars Stripped Down! Check out 'what's doing' underneath all of that makeup!, null, Who's on first...bitch?


http://www.wmms.com/pages/alancoxshow.html?article=11557430, Pants, pooped!, It's probably not healthy for me to be this jealous of a 10-year old kid simply because he kicks my ass at guitar - Corey
http://tinyurl.com/muamyh2, The Thursday Hook-Up is on w/ RMG See more pix of Sarah at and watch her on RMG TV at roverradio.com, Win VIP Carnival of Madness tickets & get to meet each band on the bill!, One of Conan's employees likes to show up late every Friday and Conan confronts him about it. 

http://www.wmms.com/pages/alancoxshow.html?article=11553106, The Manning Brothers in silly outfits rapping should be terrible but it's not...

http://www.wmms.com/pages/alancoxshow.html?article=11551999, Scaring Erika Day at WMMS! http://www.wmms.com/pages/alancoxshow.html?article=11553094, [CONTEST] Metallica's 3D movie "Metallica Through The Never" is opening on September 27th exclusively in IMAX theaters, and iHeartRadio is sending one lucky winner and a friend to the premiere San Francisco! 

There are over 300 IMAX theaters in the USA, but they will fly out to experience the movie in the band's hometown, exclusively at the premiere! Don't miss out on this special experience: www.iheartradio.com/metallica, WATCH: Pantera's Phil Anselmo invites terminally ill fan on stage!, The Runaways legend Cherie Currie in studio right now with RMG - WMMS 100.7 or watch live on RMG-TV @ roverradio.com, Michelle Knight is onsite to watch Ariel Castro's house come down! Knight made brief statement and then released yellow balloons on behalf of all of the people still missing in America!, Ariel Castro's home is being demolished this morning. Watch it LIVE NOW! http://www.wtam.com/articles/wtam---local-news-122520/watch-live-castro-home-demolition-11544502/, Win VIP Carnival of Madness tickets!, Vote on who you think should “make the cut!”, Unseen auditions for "The Office" include Seth Rogen as Dwight and Bob Odenkirk as Michael. http://www.wmms.com/pages/alancoxshow.html?article=11547997, Camera? Check. Hose to simulate rain? Check. Random girls that want to feel like they are in "The Notebook"? Check.

http://www.wmms.com/pages/alancoxshow.html?article=11548063, Name a body part that starts with the letter 'T'? This guy doesn't say toes. 

http://www.wmms.com/pages/alancoxshow.html?article=11548013, LAST CHANCE to win Indians Dugout Suite Tickets! Contest ends at 12pm today!, This guy needs to work on his grip strength. 

http://www.wmms.com/pages/alancoxshow.html?article=11544710, Didn't make it to Chicago for #Lollapalooza this past weekend? #iHeartRadio has you covered with videos, photos and more from the 3-day festival.

Which festival is your favorite to attend?, This middle school made a 'Breaking Bad' musical with a prediction of how it will all end. I think they're will be a few more twists than what these kids came up with.
http://www.wmms.com/pages/alancoxshow.html?article=11544338, Chuck Norris has a son he doesn't like to talk about. 

http://www.wmms.com/pages/alancoxshow.html?article=11544314, Sit in a Dugout Suite on 8/7 to see the Indians play the Tigers!, Win a pair of tickets to the Carnival of Madness Tour!, Russian Bull Riding http://www.wmms.com/pages/alancoxshow.html?article=11540577, Jimmy Fallon, Robin Thicke & The Roots perform 'Blurred Lines' using kiddie instruments. Keep your eyes on Questlove in the back.

http://www.wmms.com/pages/alancoxshow.html?article=11539794, A shirtless @machinegunkelly joins @roverradio in studio now WMMS 100.7 and watch on RMG-TV at roverradio.com, Man Goes to Jail for Catastrophic Diarrhea! Now THAT'S a headline worth clicking!, Simon Pegg as Drunk Ron Weasley. They should make a real movie out of this. http://www.wmms.com/pages/alancoxshow.html?article=11536019, Michelle Knight's Emotional and Powerful Statement. http://www.wmms.com/pages/alancoxshow.html?article=11536134, Roll tribe.  they SWEEP the Chicago WHITE Sox.   8 in a row!  GO Cleveland Indians, Ariel Castro sent to prison for life. Claims he's "not a monster", just sick. Full story here: http://www.wmms.com/articles/wtam---local-news-122520/ariel-castro-sent-to-prison-for-11536235/, WATCH: Michelle Knight gives emotional statement during #ArielCastro sentencing! The sentencing hearing continues live on Newsradio WTAM 1100 and at wtam.com here: http://www.wtam.com/articles/wtam---local-news-122520/watch-live-castro-sentencing-continues-11532893/, Christina is on the Thursday Hook-Up, hit up roverradio.com if you want to see more of her...or watch on RMG TV, Are you saying any of these wrong?
http://www.wmms.com/pages/alancoxshow.html?article=11532837, Life gets better after high school until you start working in the service industry. Then it gets much worse. (NSFW Language)

http://www.wmms.com/pages/alancoxshow.html?article=11532410, This lady takes gardening f@#king serious. Very NSFW Language. 

http://www.wmms.com/pages/alancoxshow.html?article=11532090, null, First it was Bill Clinton doing Blurred Lines, now it's Brian Williams doing Good Vibrations. I hope the next one is Walter Chronkite doing Sober by Tool. 

http://www.wmms.com/pages/alancoxshow.html?article=11527768, This game looks bad ass.

http://www.wmms.com/pages/alancoxshow.html?article=11524878, Cancel lunch. Warning: KNIVES., Cavs Daniel Gibson charged with battery!, amazing., Hey, what song title or lyrics best describe your personality? - Corey, Last day to win Carnival of Madness tickets with Shinedown, Skillet Music, In This Moment and more!, You need to hear the story about how Amanda Berry showed up at Roverfest. Tune in tomorrow morning to Rover's Morning Glory. It's so cool. wait til you hear., How amazing is this?  Amanda Berry at Roverfest having a great time.  #strongwoman, Win Carnival of Madness tickets!, #ArielCastro pleads guilty! Thoughts?, null, Live Nation Cleveland is Celebrating Christmas in July! Win a 4 pack of tickets to NINE different shows including the Carnival of Madness Tour!, RMG proves once and for all which is the better weapon to have in a fight - a knife or a bat. Check it out WMMS 100.7 or watch live at roverradio.com, We're proud to be part of the iHeartRadio #ShowYourStripes movement to support hiring vets. Hire Smart. Hire Vets. To find out more: http://www.showyourstripes.org/, Check out the video Brent from Shinedown created for their Cleveland fans & enter to win tickets to the Carnival of Madness Tour!, The debate rages on w/ RMG - which would YOU rather use in a fight, a knife or a bat?, In other news...this is strange!, It's a boy..., RIP Dennis Farina!, Playboy Cover Girls Before They Were Hotties!, Bond set at $6 million for East Cleveland murder suspect Michael Madison. One victim identified., WATCH: #Metallica debuts movie trailer at Comic-Con!, LAST CHANCE to win Roverfest tickets!, Tickets for the 2013 #iHeartRadio Music Festival are SOLD OUT! But don't worry, you can still win your way into the show! Details here: http://www.wmms.com/iheartradio-music-festival/, Tickets for the 2013 #iHeartRadioMusicFestival go on sale in ONE HOUR! (Saturday, July 20, 2013, 1:00 pm ET) Details here! http://www.wmms.com/iheartradio-music-festival/, Tickets for the #iHeartRadioMusicFestival go on sale TOMORROW (Saturday, July 20, 2013) at 1:00 pm ET!  Details here! http://www.wmms.com/iheartradio-music-festival/, PHOTOS: San Diego Comic Con 2013!, PHOTOS: Comic-Con 2013: Preview Night!, Nothing like some smokin' chicks on a HOT summer day like today!, Megan is on the Thursday Hook-Up w/ RMG - see more photos of her and watch her on RMG-TV at roverradio.com, null, It's on - all your 2013 #iHeartRadioMusicFestival info is at WMMS.com   http://bit.ly/10WbWEt, Just ONE HOUR until we announce this year's #iHeartRadio Music Festival line-up. Make sure you're listening at 8:30 am!, Tomorrow morning at 8:30 am we announce this year's #iHeartRadio Music Festival line-up. Make sure you're listening!

Green Day & Aerosmith were part of last year's show! Who do you think will perform this year?, Last chance to win Vans Warped Tour tickets, The latest on the Zimmerman verdict http://www.wmms.com/main.html, null, null, A verdict has been reached in the George Zimmerman trial. More details soon!, FRIDAY!! (loopy pic) http://i.imgur.com/6HTX3.gif, Win Vans Warped Tour Tickets!, Weird.  I didn't notice this at the theater.  http://i.imgur.com/QAMmsR9.jpg, Win VIP tickets to the 5th Annual Ale Fest, A Scene Magazine Event!, iHeartRadio World Premiere: Pearl Jam is back with a brand new song, “Mind Your Manners” and we have the exclusive first listen right here: www.iheartradio.com/pearljam, [CONTEST] Lollapalooza is back and we're sending one lucky winner and three friends to Chicago for a VIP festival weekend!
See live performances from Nine Inch Nails to Queens of the Stone Age to The Cure and many more.

Check out all of the prize details and enter here: http://iheartradio.com/lollapalooza, Worth the wait ? See more pix of Megan on the Thursday Hook-Up are now online at roverradio.com, Get WWE Raw presale tickets NOW until 10pm!, null, Win SOLD OUT Roverfest Tickets, Win SOLD OUT Roverfest tickets, null, http://www.wmms.com/articles/wtam---local-news-122520/amber-alert-issued-in-cleveland-11444656/, I wasn't planning on golfing this weekend, but now i kinda want to http://i.imgur.com/qGmaAVb.gif, Who's feeling a little evil out there today? (For all you Metallica and Diamond Head fans!), Cavs select UNLV power forward Anthony Bennett with the first overall pick. Thoughts?, 6-year-old death metal singer on America's Got Talent RULES!, Michelle is on the Thursday Hook-Up w/ RMG! See more pix of her (and watch on RMG TV) at roverradio.com, Last day at win Kid Rock tickets & Bud Light Lounge Passes!, Last chance to win the Ultimate BBQ w/ Jason Kipnis of the Cleveland Indians & The Alan Cox Show!, Greatest.Cooking.Video.EVER., Nine Inch Nails share 'Hesitation Marks' tracklist., Win a Cleveland Cavaliers Draft Day Party VIP Experience, including dinner with Cavs Legend Campy Russell! Don't miss the Cavaliers' FREE Draft Day Party at Quicken Loans Arena on Thursday, June 27th! #CavsDraft, Win a Cleveland Cavaliers Draft Day Party VIP Experience, including dinner with Cavs Legend Campy Russell! Don't miss the Cavaliers' FREE Draft Day Party at Quicken Loans Arena on Thursday, June 27th! #CavsDraft, Ah! It's FINALLY summer!!!!, Win Kid Rock tickets & Bud Light Lounge Passes!, Summer officially kicks off today, so let's all enjoy some summertime hotness!, Just getting ready for game 7 tonight!, Throw the Ultimate BBQ w/ Jason Kipnis of the Cleveland Indians & The Alan Cox Show!, Photos: Remembering James Gandolfini!, Fran is on the Thursday Hook-Up w/ RMG - see more pix of her and watcher on RMG TV too at roverradio.com, Kevin Costner is in studio w/ RMG now - WMMS 100.7 - and watch at RMG TV www.roverradio.com, 6th grade metal band RAWWWWWKS!, RIP Tony Soprano!, Win a Cleveland CavaliersDraft Day Party VIP Experience, including dinner with Cavs Legend Campy Russell! Don't miss the Cavaliers' FREE Draft Day Party at Quicken Loans Arena on Thursday, June 27th! #CavsDraft, See Kid Rock at Blossom & hang out in the Bud Light Lounge with The Alan Cox Show!, Throw the Ultimate BBQ w/ Jason Kipnis of the Cleveland Indians & The Alan Cox Show!, huge announcement... no wait...  oops., Last chance to win Nine Inch Nails tickets!, Happy Father's Day - treat yourself!, Last chance to enter to win a pair of tickets to the Carnival of Madness Tour!, Win a pair of Breakaway Music Festival tickets!, See Kid Rock and ZZ Top at Blossom on July 2nd & hang out in the Bud Light Lounge with The Alan Cox Show!, Win a Cleveland Cavaliers Draft Day Party VIP Experience, including dinner with Cavs Legend Campy Russell! Don't miss the Cavaliers' FREE Draft Day Party at Quicken Loans Arena on Thursday, June 27th! #CavsDraft, Win Nine Inch Nails tickets for 10/5 at the Wolstein Center at CSU!, Eastlake Police need your help in locating 17 year old Tiffani Wheaton, missing since June 4, 2013. Anyone with any information is asked to contact the Eastlake Police Department at 440-951-1400., Throw the Ultimate BBQ w/ Jason Kipnis of the Cleveland Indians & The Alan Cox Show!, Hear more results from @RMG_jeffrey 's polygraph test right now w/ RMG WMMS 100.7, Roverfest 2013 - SOLD OUT - Did you get your tickets? http://www.roverradio.com/, ROVERFEST 2013 tix on sale NOW - 2,000 tix have been sold in the last 10 mins, last year sold out in only 8 HOURS - don't get shut out of the biggest party of the year! http://www.roverradio.com/roverfest2013, We're giving away Carnival of Madness tickets - lineup includes Shinedown, Sevendust, Skillet Music, In This Moment and more!, Score a pair of Breakaway Music Festival tickets!, Nine Inch Nails Tension 2013 Tour hits the Wolstein Center at CSU on 10/5! Get presale tickets today until 5pm!, Rachael's this week's Hook-Up hottie w/ RMG - see more pix of her and watch her on RMG-TV at roverradio.com, Win Carnival of Madness Tickets!, Our Mr. Metal King winner Tom is touring the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame and Museum with Alice Cooper! Tickets still available for the show tomorrow with Marilyn Manson at Jacobs Pavilion at Nautica. Get Tickets: http://ow.ly/lYttM, Win Nine Inch Nails tickets for 10/5 at the Wolstein Center at CSU!, Rockstar mishaps: When staging attacks - KISS stranded in mid-air by their new 'pet spider.' LOL! http://tinyurl.com/motrda3, On @RoverRadio now - the results of @RMG_jeffrey 's polygraph test WMMS 100.7 or watch on RMG TV http://bit.ly/yrBPp, Hey Dads, isn't it time to treat yourself?, Something to do this weekend-  Celebrate the Center!  On Saturday, June 15 from 10 a.m. to 4 p.m., the Cleveland Convention Center will be opened to the general public for a “Celebrate the Center: Community Open House and Celebration,” including fun interactive displays, team mascot and alumni appearances, and autograph sessions from the Cleveland Browns, Cleveland Indians, and Cleveland Cavaliers. The United States Coast Guard, the 2013 National Senior Summer Games, Positively Cleveland, and the City of Cleveland will also provide informational displays along with live music provided by the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame., Here it is...the premiere of the thew Sabbath vid - a week early!, Congrats to Tom Acklan  of Columbia Station, he won a private tour the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame and Museum WITH Alice Cooper!  Alice Cooper hits Jacobs Pavilion at Nautica Thursday with Marilyn Manson, tickets available at LiveNation.com, Last chance to register to win Three Days Grace tickets for 8/11 at the House of Blues., Today is your last chance to register to win a private tour of the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame + Museum w/ Alice Cooper!, Win a 4 pack of tickets to Kennywood!, Tour the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame + Museum with Alice Cooper! Register to win now., Here's ALL your Roverfest 2013 info! http://www.roverradio.com/roverfest2013, Are you ready for Roverfest 2013!? All the info will be revealed at 7:35a - make sure you're listening to @RoverRadio WMMS 100.7, Win tickets to see Three Days Grace at the House of Blues on Sunday, August 11th., Nine Inch Nails is back with a brand new song, “Came Back Haunted” and we have the exclusive first listen right here: www.iheartradio.com/NineInchNails

What do you think?, LUNCH TIME http://www.wmms.com/articles/buzzard-sht-414486/enormous-bacon-burger-11362185/, Carnival of Madness Tour with Shinedown, Skillet Music, Papa Roach, In This Moment and more comes to Jacobs Pavilion on 8/13! Get presale tickets NOW - 10pm!, Maria's playing the new Nine Inch Nails song "Came Back Haunted" at noon today!, Joe Satriani with special Guest Steve Morse comes to Lakewood Civic Auditorium on September 19th! Get presale tickets NOW - 10pm., Amanda is on the Thursday Hook-Up w/ RMG - watch her on RMG TV at roverradio.com, nin, Win a pair of tickets to see Bon Jovi July 14th., Win a private tour of the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame + Museum with the 2011 inductee Alice Cooper!, Join the iHeartRadio movement to support hiring veterans!  iHeartRadio's Show Your Stripes helps America's returning veterans connect to real job opportunities, and encourages businesses across the country to hire skilled vets.  Whether you're a veteran, a business or a supporter, find out more at  www.iHeartRadio.com/ShowYourStripes., Who's heading to Orion this weekend?  If you ran into Metallica at the festival, what would you ask them?, IMPORTANT CONTEST NOTICE: Contests should now be working normally. If you have issues loading a contest, press Crtl-F5 to force refresh the page. If you continue to have trouble, please email feedback@wmms.com. Sorry for the inconvenience., IMPORTANT CONTEST NOTICE: Just wanted to let everyone know that we're aware of an issue with our contest program that causing most, if not all, of our contests to not load. We're looking into the issue and hope to have everything up and running soon. Sorry., Win a pair of tickets to see Three Days Grace Sunday, August 11th at House of Blues!, Tour the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame + Museum with Alice Cooper! Listen to The Alan Cox Show all week for your chance to play Mr Metal King & win or register to win below., Last chance to purchase presale tickets to see Bon Jovi at FirstEnergy Stadium on Sunday, July 14! Presale ends at at 10 am., Come hang with Dumb tonight at The Horseshoe Casino from 6pm-8pm to celebrate the Horseshoe's 1st Anniversary!, In honor of today being the 100th anniversary of the premier of Stravinsky's 'The Rite of Spring' we offer you this moment of culture! Enjoy!, Purchase Presale Tickets to see Bon Jovi at FirstEnergy Stadium on Sunday, July 14 now through 6/3 at 10 am!, Literally JUST found out that "Summer Fridays," aka getting out early when it's nice on a Friday, are a thing.  Is anyone lucky enough to get that?  If so, please explain it to everyone else's bosses., On RMG now: what's your biggest fear when you're on a date?  Stuff in your teeth?  Nothing to wear?  Your wife finding out?  http://www.roverradio.com/, YOUR BOSS IS AT LUNCH: What's the dumbest things he/she has done today?, These pics remind me of my ex-girlfriend, Sandy Butts http://www.wmms.com/photos/hot-shots/beach-volleyball-353890/#/0/20812478, Christine is on the Thursday Hook-Up w/ RMG - see more pix of her (and watch her on RMG TV too) at roverradio.com, Up & at 'em!  This video should get you PUMPED for the day!  Let's get after it!!!  WOOOOO!!!  http://www.youtube.com/watch?feature=player_embedded&v=o-50GjySwew#!, Not to be outdone by Captain America: The Winter Soldier shooting in Cleveland, Detroit brought in a film crew for the new Transformers flick.  http://i.imgur.com/iOOAdlW.gif?1, An early Axl Rose demo has surfaced - thoughts? http://www.wmms.com/pages/corey.html, Campaign Budget: $23 http://www.youtube.com/watch?feature=player_embedded&v=Br66GeW5UuU, Last chance to register to win Theory of a Deadman tickets!, Now here's something you don't see every day..., Win a pair of tickets to see Theory of a Deadman at the House of Blues 8/7. Register to win now: 
http://www.wmms.com/pages/contests/win-theory-of-a-deadman-tickets/, The new Rolling Stones exhibition opens at the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame + Museum today! Check out some photos from the exhibit and watch the Stones performing "Gimme Shelter" in 1969!, Join us TONIGHT at the Call to Courage benefit for Amanda Berry, Gina DeJesus and Michelle Knight from 5:30 to 9pm! Tickets can be purchased at the door or in advance online now., Join us and WKYC Channel 3 - Cleveland tomorrow at La Villa Conference and Banquet Center to assist Michelle Knight, Amanda Berry and Gina DeJesus. Money raised will go to the Cleveland Courage Fund thru The Cleveland Foundation. Tickets can be purchased in advance online below!, We're giving away tickets to see  Theory of a Deadman at the House of Blues on August 7th., Watch the dramatic explosion filmed this morning on the Cleveland set of Captain America 2: The Winter Soldier, in the area of East 6th and Rockwell! The streets are, of course, currently closed to traffic!, free download of my band’s brand new song “We are the Future” – www.wearehawkeye.com/wtf  - Erika., Awful..., RIP Doors keyboardist/composer Ray Manzarek - what's YOUR favorite Doors' song? - c*r*, We LOVE this Cleveland INDIANS team.   GO TRIBE . WOW, We've partnered with WKYC Channel 3 - Cleveland and La Villa Conference and Banquet Center to host the Call to Courage benefit on Thursday, May 23rd to assist Michelle Knight, Amanda Berry and Gina DeJesus. Money raised will go to the Cleveland Courage Fund thru The Cleveland Foundation., Last chance to win a Great American Rib Cook Off Festival Prize Pack!, We're giving away a Great American Rib Cook Off Festival Prize Pack which includes tickets, food vouchers and skybox tickets to see Buddy Guy!, remember this dude? , IMPOSSIBLE!, This is how it feels when your hand gets stuck reaching for the last Pringle in the can http://www.youtube.com/watch?feature=player_embedded&v=ZU4I4Jq6PvA#!, Well, I did something with the Paul Stanley stage banter audio, and it's really dumb -Miles https://soundcloud.com/milessounds/bit-meteorologist-paul-stanley, The WMMS Auction ends today at 1pm! There more than 750 items including romantic couples getaways, a swimming pool, new counter tops, health & fitness packages and much more!, Think they get a lot of married couples here?, What do you think was his motivation?  Maybe he was just comparing... http://www.wwnytv.com/news/local/Potsdam-Man-Accused-Of-Rubbing-Pepperoni-On-His-207749061.html, We've partnered with WKYC Channel 3 - Cleveland and La Villa Conference and Banquet Center to host the Call to Courage benefit on Thursday, May 23rd to assist Michelle Knight, Amanda Berry and Gina DeJesus. Money raised will go to the Cleveland Courage Fund thru The Cleveland Foundation., The WMMS Auction ends tomorrow at 1pm! There more than 750 items including salon and spa packages, lawn care programs, portrait sessions, childcare services and much more!, Can't believe it's been 3 years since Ronnie james Dio died.  R.I.P. you tiny, awesome dude http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nhe1SuBGkiA, Between this and the study saying people in Cuyahoga Country drink more than in other parts of the country, I'm pretty proud of us. http://www.dispatch.com/content/stories/local/2013/05/15/swearing-study.html, The WMMS Auction ends this Friday! There more than 750 items including a car alarm, restaurant gift certificates, a Rock Hall family membership, vinyl replacement windows and much more!, Join WMMS at the CAVS Draft Lottery Night Tuesday, May 21st at Bar Louie on West 6th!, Place your bid now during the WMMS Auction! There more than 750 items including an apartment for a year, jewelry, a new roof, golf packages and much more!, iHeartRadio World Premiere: Five Finger Death Punch is back with a brand new track, “Life Me Up” and we have an exclusive first listen right here: http://www.iheartradio.com/iplaylist/artist/848811/ 

What do you think?, Good deal today- See two games for the price of one today, as the Indians face the Yankees in a traditional doubleheader starting at 12:05PM ET, with the second game beginning 20 minutes after the completion of Game 1.  First place Cleveland Indians.   Go Tribe!, DNA tests confirm that Berry's six-year-old daughter was fathered by Castro., The The Alan Cox Show Fan Page - Comedy tour-  first show tonight is sold out.   There are some tickets available for the 10:30 show still.   Get them while they last.   House of Blues Cleveland Box Office!, Voting ends at noon today! Vote on which mom you would hit in the Would You Hit That - Mother's Day Edition., Voting ends at noon tomorrow. Vote on a mom in the Would Hit That Mother's Day Edition contest., The recent events that have unfolded here in Cleveland are beyond belief and the rescue of Amanda, Gina and Michelle has touched all of us. We're joining with the Cleveland Foundation in the creation of the Cleveland Courage Fund. Donations will go to qualified nonprofit organizations to provide services for these victims., The recent events that have unfolded here in Cleveland are beyond belief and the rescue of Amanda, Gina and Michelle has touched all of us. We're joining with the Cleveland Foundation in the creation of the Cleveland Courage Fund. Donations will go to qualified nonprofit organizations to provide services for these victims. http://www.wmms.com/common/features/Cleveland-Courage-Fund/?_show, A statewide Amber Alert has been issued out of northwest Ohio. Be on the lookout for a missing or abducted child from Putnam County, Ohio. Last seen on 1570 North Perry in the city of Ottawa Thursday morning at 12:00 a.m. Suspect is believed to be driving a silver 2006 Chevrolet HHR PC with Ohio license plate FNN5412., Revolver Mag's Golden God Awards were last week in LA. The ceremony was held the same day that Jeff Hanneman of Slayer passed away so it turned into a great celebration of Jeff., Bond for Ariel Castro is set at $8 million!, Chinare is on the Thursday Hook-Up, see more pix of her and watch her on RMG TV at roverradio.com, AUDIO: Ariel Castro faces seven felony counts!, Vote for the hottest mom now., Gina DeJesus is now home too! Gina was wearing bright green hoodie, but gave a thumbs-up!, Win tix to The Alan Cox Show Comedy Tour - 10:30pm show on Friday!, After ten years in captivity, Amanda Berry has arrived home. Amanda passed on speaking to the huge crowd outside. Her sister Beth made a brief statement. Gina DeJesus is expected at her home soon!, Michelle Knight back at Metro. Hospital confirms that she is there and in good condition., Text METAL to 35192 for your chance to win a pair of tickets to see Opeth with Katatonia this Sunday at the House Blues!, Charles Ramsey - the dude who found the missing CLE women - is LIVE with @roverradio NOW - WMMS 100.7!, Photo gallery recapping the Berry/DeJesus/Knight rescue and arrests!, Police update the recovery of Amanda Berry, Gina DeJesus and Michelle Knight., Queens Of The Stone Age release new song, video!, In case you missed it, here's the City of Cleveland's press conference for the recovered kidnap victims in its entirety!, The official press City of Cleveland press conference is on - listen live now WMMS 100.7 or watch on RMG TV http://bit.ly/JWhJid, Here's a couple of videos from our new favorite person in Cleveland and sure to be internet sensation...Charles Ramsey! The first interview is a classic!, 9:30PM news conference on Amanda Berry, Gina DeJesus and Michelle Knight live on @wtam1100. Indians game will continue on @wmms., Developing Story: Amanda Berry and Gina DeJesus have been found alive, http://v.iheart.com/NbAo, Thanks for the follow, Skid Row! haha - @erikalauren, Only a few hours left to submit your photo for a chance to win YOURSELF a makeover in The Alan Cox Show Would You Hit That - Mother's Day Edition contest!, Hey guys… we have a great deal on these All Access Passes to Ohio Bike Week.  10 days of FUN, This Mother's Day - win YOURSELF a Charles Scott Salons and Spa makeover by winning The Alan Cox Show 'Would You Hit That' contest!, RIP Jeff Hanneman!, Would You Hit That - Mother's Day Edition. Moms submit yourself now for your chance to win a makeover!, Man could face charges for impersonating Pink Floyd's David Gilmour for medical treatment!, Cleveland Indians now on a 4 game winning streak-  tune in tomorrow night.  7:05 first pitch.   TWINS in town.   Go Tribe., Grace is on the Thursday Hook-Up w/ RMG - see more photos of her and watch on RMG TV at roverradio.com, Metallica is hosting their Orion festival in June, and we’re sending one lucky grand prize winner to Detroit to have a once-in-a-lifetime Metallica mega experience! Prize includes: flights to Detroit, four night stay in a hotel, passes to pre-show rehearsals and more! Listen for keyword to text and you could win: http://www.iheartradio.com/ultimatecontests/metallica/#ixzz2S36rSvwa, MOMS submit your photo for a chance to win YOURSELF a Charles Scott Salons and Spa makeover in The Alan Cox Show Would You Hit That - Mother's Day Edition contest!, Follow up: The guy who blew up his life savings at the carnival explains his side of the story in a radio interview., Boston Police: Three suspects in Marathon bombings arrested! , Man loses his entire life savings on...wait for it...a carnival game!, Finally...a cause to get behind!, Looking to crown one of these moms as Cleveland's Hottest! Check 'em out and vote here now: http://ow.ly/kyU0J, We are giving away 5 pairs of tickets to The Alan Cox Show Comedy Tour - Enter for your chance to win now!, Who knew Cleveland had so many HOT Moms!, The Alan Cox Show Comedy Tour will be at the House of Blues on May 10th. Win a pair of tickets now!, Strongsville teachers strike looks to be over!, Win a pair of tickets to The Alan Cox Show Comedy Tour at the House of Blues Friday May 10th!, Britney is Miss April in the Miss Morning Glory calendar (not to mention she's Dumb's girlfriend - see her pix and watch her visit at roverradio.com, More on Barkevious Mingo!, The Official Cleveland Browns select DE Barkevious Mingo with the 6th overall pick of tonight's NFL Draft. Thoughts? Tune into Newsradio WTAM 1100 for live NFL Draft coverage NOW!, Daughtry and 3 Doors Down are gonna rock Jacobs Pavilion at Nautica on Saturday, August 3rd! Buy presale tickets now!, Purchase presale tickets to see The Killers at Jacobs Pavilion at Nautica on 8/5 now!, Rebecca is on the Thursday Hook-Up w/ RMG - see more pix of her (and watch her too) at roverradio.com, Boston announcers lose it on air after camera catches a fan copping a feel off his girlfriend! Can you blame him? She IS incredibly HOT!, Gwyneth Paltrow crowned People Magazine's Most Beautiful Woman of 2013! Find out who else made the list!, Mike Brown is coming back. What do you think? , Cleveland sure does have a lot of HOT MOMS!, Check out Andre Knott's mock draft! You agree with him?, Get your tix for the show at the House of Blues Cleveland  while they are available!, All hands on-deck! Rover's now a boat owner but he hasn't named it yet. Any suggestions?, The Fresh Prince Is Now Older Than Uncle Phil! FML..., null, WATCH: Mets fans react to arrest of Boston bombing suspect during the seventh inning of last night's game., null, Witnesses on the scene break out into applause as the 2nd suspect is now in custody!, Boston police tweets the 2nd suspect is now in custody!  Live coverage on @1100WTAM, 2nd Boston suspect hiding in covered boat. Live coverage NOW WTAM 1100. Indians game on 100.7 WMMS., Guys, check out some hot Cleveland moms!, Inductees Rush arrive at the 28th Annual Rock and Roll Hall of Fame Induction Ceremony. View More Photos: http://bit.ly/Zx3zhz, RMG has the latest updates on the ongoing Boston situation now - WMMS 100.7 and http://bit.ly/yrBPp, Are you a hot mom & want to win $1,000? Check out this cool contest from our sister station: http://www.kisscleveland.com/pages/contests/MILK/2013/, World Premiere: Black Sabbath is back with a new song, "God is Dead?” Check out the entire track: http://www.iheartradio.com/BlackSabbath

What do you think?, Byron Scott has been fired by the Cavaliers., Jenny is on the Thursday Hook-Up w/ RMG - see more pix of her and watch on RMG TV at roverradio.com, Have you ever dreamt of being a rockstar? We're giving one grand prize winner the opportunity to hang out with Alice in Chains, score an autographed instrument from the band AND have the once-in-a-lifetime chance to play "Man in the Box" on stage with the guys at the their sound check! Listen for the keyword to text and you could win: http://www.iheartradio.com/ultimatecontests/aliceinchains/, Conflicting reports over arrest of Boston Marathon suspect!, Story is developing fast!, CNN says sources close to the investigation have identified a suspect in the Boston Marathon bombings., Got ink? Check out this contest from 99.5 WGAR! Submit a photo of your tattoo for the chance to win a pair of SOLD OUT 2013 Carhartt Megatickets powered by Cintas!, Several major roads in Cleveland to be shut down during the filming of Captain America! We've got the list of the road closures here!, Find out how you can help the victims of the Boston Marathon Bombing here!, Happy Birthday to the Buzzard today. , null, Tune in to our sister station Newsradio WTAM 1100 NOW for LIVE continuing coverage of the Boston Marathon bombing!, Explosions rock finish line of Boston Marathon!, Our friends RUSH are getting inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame + Museum this week.  Congratulations, and it's about time.  Enjoy it., Possibly the GREATEST commercial EVER from Kmart! , Isn't science great?, The Thursday Hook-Up is on w/ RMG. See more pix of Ariel and watch her on RMG TV at www.roverradio.com, Purchase presale tickets to see Bret Michaels Monday, May 27th at the Marc's Great American Rib Cook Off and Music Festival - Memorial Day Weekend at Jacobs Pavilion at Nautica!, Singer/American Idol winner @taylorhicks in studio w/ RMG now -  WMMS 100.7 and watch live on RMG TV http://bit.ly/yrBPp, Be a rock star for the day with Alice in Chains! We're giving you a chance to win an autographed instrument, brand new digital camera and more! It’s an iHeartRadio Ultimate Experience: http://www.iheartradio.com/ultimatecontests/aliceinchains/ Listen for keyword to text and you could win!, Today is the grand opening of Thistledown Racino! Doors open at 5pm - Get ready for some new fun and entertainment! Problem? Call 1-800-589-9966, Randall Cunningham chats w/ RMG now - WMMS 100.7 http://bit.ly/yrBPp, On RMG now - check out Jeffrey's Miami dance-battle at RMG TV http://bit.ly/XARl9g, Seperated at birth? Rudy and Dudy, who else jumped... thinking that ball was gone!?   AHHH...Love opening day., We're listening to the game on WMMS, and watching it on TV.  We hope you dig it as much as we do.  GO TRIBE!, The Alan Cox Show Fan Page- live right now at the Clevelander downtown!   Go down and hang before the tribe game, love this. , Who else feels like this today?  Go Cleveland Indians., Cleveland Indians undefeated on WMMS.   Good start. Go Tribe., Go Tribe., This year's Lollapalooza is major: happening August 2-4 in Chicago's Grant Park, the lineup features everyone from Nine Inch Nails to Queens of the Stone Age to The Cure and many more! Check out our interview with the always-entertaining Perry Farrell, the show's creator, about the lineup: http://www.iheartradio.com/cc-common/news/sections/newsarticle.html?feed=104648&article=11132050, Who's been living a lie? Hear Rover's startling revelation now w/ RMG - WMMS 100.7 roverradio.com #highwaytosmell, Ugh! Just awful news from Ashtabula!, Today is the last day to register for your chance to win a trip to Las Vegas with Kickstart by Mountain Dew and Rover's Morning Glory!, Follow along and watch video from the RV as Rover's Morning Glory makes the trip to Disney with Jeffrey's Family.   They are already getting into trouble., It's BAAAAACON!!!!!!! , Win a trip to Las Vegas with Kickstart by Mountain Dew and Rover's Morning Glory! Register to win below., The Thursday Hook-Up is on w/ RMG - see pix of Becky and watch her on (RMG TV too) roverradio.com, AWOLnation singer Aaron Bruno joins RMG in studio now! WMMS 100.7, This summer, you and a friend could be on your way to Rover’s home town, Las Vegas!, IN ONE HOUR: Early bird tickets to Lollapalooza will go on-sale! We took a sneak peek at the lineup and it's HUGE! You won't want to miss out on this 3-day festival happening in Chicago on August 2-4th. Get your ticket and listen to iHeartRadio's Lollapalooza Radio: http://bit.ly/iheart-lolla 

Which band or artist would you like to see as part of this year's lineup?, The weather sucks...again - here's the full rundown of closings and delays http://bit.ly/ekyuNa, Win a trip to Las Vegas with Kickstart by Mountain Dew and Rover's Morning Glory! Register to win below., This summer, you and a friend could be on your way to Rover’s home town, Las Vegas including airfare for 2 to Las Vegas, hotel, ground transportation, $200 spending cash, and 2 Kickstart gift bags!, Gallery of porn stars without makeup!, Purchase Alice Cooper and Marilyn Manson -Masters of Madness Tour presale tickets today until 10pm. Get the password below!, The Thursday Hook-Up is on w/ RMG. See more pics of Tina (and watch her on RMG-TV) at roverradio.com, Tonight... go check out our friend Scott Weiland, Win a trip to Las Vegas with Kickstart by Mountain Dew and Rover's Morning Glory! Register to win below., This summer, you and a friend could be on your way to Rover’s home town, Las Vegas including airfare for 2 to Las Vegas, hotel, ground transportation, $200 spending cash, and 2 Kickstart gift bags!, On RMG now - what do you think is the ideal age-gap in a relationship?, WORLD PREMIERE: 30 Seconds to Mars is out with a brand new track, “Up In The Air” and we have your first listen right here! Check it out: www.iheartradio.com/30secondstoMars

What do you think of the new track?, Have you voted in The Babes of March? The 16 sexiest babes are going head to head right now!, Vote for the Babes of March then enter to win a $50 gift certificate to Brew Garden in Middleburg Heights! , Bidding ends at 1pm today! Get your bids in now on an RV, a Motorcycle, Entertainment, Home Improvement & more!, Don't miss out on your chance to save big - Bid now on over 700 items in the Clear Channel Online Auction!, Check out what the Clear Channel Auction has up for grabs!, Meet the Pope! Cardinal Jorge Mario Bergoglio of Argentina., Looks like we've got a new Pope!, Rowan restores classic Porches and she's this week's Hook-Up Hottie w/ RMG. See more photos of her (and watch her on RMG-TV) at roverradio.com, Check out @flyleafmusic live in-studio w/ RMG now! WMMS 100.7 and watch live on RMG-TV www.roverradio.com, On RMG now - if an ATM accidentally gave you $1800 would YOU return it? Why/Why not?, Sure it's all fun and games til someone get wedgied!, Lamb of God frontman Randy Blythe cleared of manslaughter charges in Prague http://bit.ly/gLQTSy, On RMG now - new study claims Beer Goggles don't exist. Agree or disagree? Horror stories?, Give it up for Dieter! He finally met his IDOL Arnold Schwarzenegger! Who would YOU be the most excited to meet?, Reba McEntire chats w/ RMG now - WMMS 100.7, On RMG now JLR meets Josh Cribbs, The Thursday Hook-Up is on w/ RMG - see more pix of Deena (and watch her on RMG TV) at roverradio.com, See a private Flyleaf performance in the iHeartRadio Performance Studio and get a pair of tikets to see them at the House of Blues with Drowning Pool on March 6th!, Breaking News! Stone Temple Pilots officially fire Scott Weiland! http://tinyurl.com/cmm4qar, "Rudy" Ruettiger in studio now w/ RMG - WMMS 100.7, On RMG now - What would YOU call a Reality Show starring Josh Cribbs and Jeffrey LaRocque?, Clive Davis on @roverradio right now.  wow., Record exec Clive Davis talks to RMG about his new book "The Soundtrack of My Life" now - WMMS 100.7, Did you see Seth Mcfarlane's song about boobs at the Oscars? Some people are all up in arms saying it was crude. Do you think it was out of line or think it was cool? http://tinyurl.com/b6m89pa, On RMG now - there's a new app out that will tweet for you after you're dead. What would be YOUR final FB/Twitter update to the world?, Wow! There are more actual singers at the Oscars this year than at the Grammys, From The Alan Cox Show Fan Page - Everytime you hear a Family Guy voice, drink! #Oscars, You watching the Academy awards tonight?   Your wife have you watchin?  Anne Hathaway's boobs looked like the fembots from Austin Powers., Mmm…belVita Breakfast Biscuits …blueberry flavor!  No one touch my breakfast biscuits!  Go pick up a pack at any of the Convenience Stores of Speedway! Here's your chance to win $250 from belVita Breakfast Biscuits!, On RMG now - Do you think it should be illegal to smoke in the car with a small child inside?, Ooops! Girl burns hair off in YouTube tutorial gone wrong!, null, Which band or artist do you think people would be shocked to know you listen to?, Tool's Maynard Keenan reworks the Queen classic with his side band.--AC, Check out the example pic Erika took on how to submit your pics and send your cleavage., Dave Pirner of @soulasylum in-studio w/ RMG now! WMMS 100.7, Question for the ladies - if a married guy sent you flowers would YOU tell his wife? Why? Why not?, On RMG now - do you think President Obama golfing with Tiger Woods in poor taste?, Give it up for Kyrie, he RULED it in the 3 pt contest!, ...And now, (simply because they rule) enjoy some rad racks! Which celeb do you think has the finest attributes? http://tinyurl.com/bak73rd, Patrick Kennendy, the Detective who interviewed Jeffrey Dahmer calls in to RMG now - WMMS 100.7, Today is the last day to win your lady a Valentine's Day Makeover! Tell us why she deserves to win now!, Here are the pics from P.O.D. in studio this morning..., Follow us in instagram too-  '1007WMMS', Hey Ladies - HAPPY VALENTINES DAY from JLR!, Check out POD performing live right now in the @iHeartRadio performance studio - WMMS 100.7, The Thursday Hook-Up is on w/ RMG - see more of Liz at roverradio.com, Still need a gift for your lady on Valentine's Day? Register below for your chance to win her a makeover from Charles Scott Salons & Spas!, On RMG now - Can ANY good come out of your significant other still being friends with their ex? Would you tolerate that?, It's Fat Tuesday! Give it up for gluttony! How are you going to indulge yourself today?, It might be cold outside, but it's hotter than hell over here! Check this out!, Does your lady need some love you can't provide? Tell us why the lady in your life should win a makeover from Charles Scott Salons & Spas!, This is great news-  Confirmed: #Indians deal with Michael Bourn is pending a physical, but they signed him to a four-year deal as earlier reports indicated., Almost 5pm.  We made it through the Monday, and Kate Upton's boobs look better than Katy Perry's.  enjoy this cover., Proud of our local dudes The Black Keys -  Here is what Patrick said about Bieber trying to snub the Grammys.  ha., Suprise your lady with some love you can't provide - A makeover from Charles Scott Salons & Spas!, Dave Grohl's Reddit AMA was pretty badass.--AC, Hey! Nice necklace! Hit 'Like' if you appreciate "fine jewelry" too, and see more Grammy pix here - http://tinyurl.com/aekmmdm, some decent sideboob shots-  happy some of these didn't get the grammy dresscode memo., Jenna Jameson at the Grammys..., Win your lady a makeover from Charles Scott Salons & Spas!, Tell us why the lady in your life should win a makeover!, Ugh, here we go again. The worst thing about snow is _____, Just because it's Friday...., Does your lady need some love you can't provide? Tell us why the lady in your life should win a makeover from Charles Scott Salons & Spas!, Listener Chad sent us a vid of him dealing with a spider bite. Better wait on lunch.--AC, Even better than the ACS Bad Lip Dub!, The Thursday Hook-Up is on with RMG - see more pix of her (and watch on RMG TV) at roverradio.com, Congrats to this year’s Monster Wedding winners Shanna and Danny! Read their winning story Below!, Jesse Heiman aka “The world’s luckiest nerd” chats w/ RMG now – how much cash would it take for you to make out with an ugly dude/chick?, Could you go for a cheeseburger right about now? http://tinyurl.com/bkdmxkl, Hear continuing coverage of the investigation into the police shootings on Newsradio WTAM 1100.    Attorney General Mike DeWine calls it a systemic failure., ewe. , Erika Wins! , Gavin Rossdale of Bush talks with The Alan Cox Show Fan Page about being part of Rock On The Range and more. Here's the interview, in case you missed it!, Super Bri and JLR go Head-to-Head in Planes, Stains and Automobiles right now w/ RMG http://bit.ly/yrBPp  WMMS 100.7, and now... a bunch of banned Super Bowl ads..., Ok.   Half the power out at the Super Bowl!? Is Bane taking over?   Where is Batman?, null, A limited number of premium family packs have just been released for tomorrow’s CAVS vs Thunder game at the Q!  Family packs include 4 or more seats, hot dogs and sodas.  Availability is limited so act now!  Get your seats at the Q Box Office, Call 800-820-CAVS or visit CAVS.COM., And down she goes!!!, Kim Thayil of Soundgarden talks with The Alan Cox Show Fan Page about this year's Rock On The Range, the reuniting of the band, the new album and more., Here's Alan's interview with Lauren Cohen (Maggie) from The Walking Dead, in case you missed it! Don't miss 'The Walking Dead Live' at PlayhouseSquare on Thursday, February 14th, 2013. Alan will be the host and moderator for the show., What a freaking mess on the roads - here's the list of closings/delays http://www.wmms.com/common/schoolclosings/?1359720633, A Bad Lip Reading of The Alan Cox Show, OOOPSY! Looks like this guy's got some 'splaining to do!, null, Hilarious! Reporter OWNS Drunk Videobomber!, Kate is on the Thursday Hook Up w/ RMG - see more pix of her (and watch her on RMG-TV) at roverradio.com, What do you think of this map Facebook just released?, Happy to announce that WMMS is now the FM RADIO HOME of the Cleveland Indians.  GO TRIBE!, Jim Rosenhaus, Tom Hamilton and Mark Shapiro are talkin' Tribe w/ RMG now - WMMS 100.7, Hot girls on ice...always nice!, 911 and long distance outages have been reported statewide. Be prepared to contact local police and fire in the event of an emergency!, Chelsea is on the Thursday Hook-Up w/ RMG - see more pix (and watch her on RMG-TV) at roverradio.com, To celebrate the 30th anniversary of ZZ Top's epic album, "Eliminator," iHeartRadio is giving one lucky fan a '33 Ford Coupe, an autographed guitar and VIP access to the band at an upcoming show.
Listen to our station to find out how to win: www.iheartradio.com/zztopcontest
What's your favorite ZZ Top album of all time?, Manti T'eo's eHarmony Ad!, CONTEST ALERT: We're giving away a trip for two to the 55th GRAMMY AWARDS®! Get more details here, PLUS get info on the GRAMMY® nominees album, out now: http://www.iheartradio.com/grammys/
Who do you hope wins a GRAMMY®!  this year?, TONS of school closings/delays - get the full list here 
http://www.wmms.com/common/schoolclosings/?1358853230, More on Ray Horton.  Go Brownies., The Cleveland Browns today named Ray Horton as defensive coordinator.  Another change.  Thoughts?, The weekend is FINALLY almost here! Don't miss Cleveland Indians Tribe Fest 2013, happening tomorrow and Sunday at Progressive Field (January 19-20), featuring autograph sessions, kids' activities and more. Get your tickets now!, We will also carry this The Official Cleveland Browns Press conference on 100.7 WMMS.   11:30am this morning.   Significant move for the Brownies.  , Wanna feel old?, Browns news... presser at 11:30 on Newsradio WTAM 1100, Jim Brown and Josh Cribbs animated characters debut tonight on NFL Rush Zone at 9:00 PM ET on Nicktoons., Browns hire Norv Turner! Thoughts?, The Thursday Hook-Up is on w/ RMG - see more of her (and watch her on RMG TV) at roverradio.com, Got the winter blues? Kids driving you crazy to get out of the house? Don't forget that Cleveland Indians Tribe Fest 2013 is happening THIS weekend at Progressive Field (January 19-20), featuring autograph sessions, kids' activities and more. Get your tickets now!, Finally we get the answer to this nagging question..., Dogs like socks by Psychostick! Rawwwk!, The first batch of theaters have been announced for Dave Grohl's Sound City Movie documentary!, Police chase from TV comes into real life!, Best Death By Frisbee Scene Ever!, Former Metallica bassist/legend Jason Newsted chats with RMG now - WMMS 100.7, Smoking hot twins play 'Highway to Hell' on the harp!, Can’t wait for Cleveland Indians season to arrive? Head over to Progressive Field on January 19-20 for Tribe Fest 2013, featuring autograph sessions, kids' activities and more. Tickets are on sale now!, Ah the old fake poo prank! Works every time!, After Rover, we will carry the Browns press conference at 11am.    They will be introducing new head coach Rob Chudzinski., Just starting your Friday off right!, Browns hire CHUD for Head coach job.  Thoughts?, I have HAD IT with these Monkey-Fightin’ snakes on This Monday-To-Friday Plane!!!!!, Bottled water doesn't stand a chance with this guy around!, The Thursday Hook up is on w/ RMG - see more of Nikki (and watch her on RMG TV) at roverradio.com, What the what?, Nice..., Where can I get one of these?, Hooters Girls, bikinis and dubstep! What more could you ask for? (Well, maybe not the dubstep!), Brent Musburger REALLY REALLY likes AJ McCarron's girlfriend!, Rise and shine! Wake up to us every day. With @iHeartRadio's new Alarm Clock feature for iPhone, it's easy to set a wake-up time and kick off your morning listening to us. Upgrade or get the app in the iTunes App Store: http://bit.ly/iheartradio-iPhone, Chip Kelly WILL NOT be the Browns coach. Browns are restarting their search., Robot band Compressorhead plays a mean 'Ace of Spades' sans the pork chop sideburns!, Ah the old cigarette trick!, The Thursday Hook-Up is on w/ RMG - see more pix of Meghan and watch her too at roverradio.com, So... who is back at work today?   already facebooking.  Ha., Happy 2013! Any big plans for this year?, Here are some tips to help you get you ready for your New Years Eve! Be safe out there folks! Make sure to have a designated driver or take a cab!, We will be running the The Official Cleveland Browns press conference at 11:30.   Will hear from Haslem about the firing of Shurmur and Heckert., Who should the Browns target as a new head coach?, Newsradio WTAM 1100 has wall to wall coverage/analysis right now about the Browns firings of Pat Shurmur and Tom Heckert.  Tune in or listen with iHeartRadio.  www.wtam.com, Pat Shurmur has been fired.   Breaking details..., GO BROWNS! Listen to every play now at http://www.wmms.com/pages/content/browns-player/, Just because..., Bikini Snowboarding Makes Everything Better..INDEED!, Awesome compilation of local news bloopers from the past year!, Parenting Fail #789...How NOT to teach your little daughter to ski!, Grandma Got Run Over By A Reindeer ROCKIN' HOME on Christmas Eve!, Wait...China is training entire armies consisting of Pole Dancers? Sweet!, Little somethin' to warm your soul..., Gotta admit this guy is pretty entertaining!, Even though most schools are already off for the holiday, we do have some closings and delays to report! Check out the latest list here!, Looks like we've already got some school closings! Get the latest list here!, GO BROWNS! Listen to every play now at http://www.wmms.com/pages/content/browns-player/, Meet Anderson Varejão before the Cleveland Cavaliers game on December 28th!, You're welcome!, Enter for tix to the Cleveland Cavaliers and to meet Anderson Varejão!, you can win some Cleveland Cavaliers tix- and hang with Andy.  good luck.  Hope you are ready for the holidays., For those of you just starting your holiday shopping, get in the mood with some Christmas music on Majic 105.7 - Cleveland!, 121212: The Concert for Sandy Relief was an amazing event for a great cause! Now you can relive some of the performances by downloading the album from iTunes featuring live songs from the show. All proceeds benefit Robin Hood Foundation¹s Relief Fund. Download now at http://smarturl.it/121212
What was your favorite song performed live?, GO BROWNS! Listen to every play now at http://www.wmms.com/pages/content/browns-player/, Listen to Newsradio WTAM 1100 online- with iHeartRadio- coverage of the CT School shooting., WTAM 1100 has live continuing coverage of the school shooting in CT.  27 dead, 18 kids.  @wtam1100, So are you pumping with confidence like these guys?, In the mood for some Christmas music? Check out Majic 105.7 - Cleveland!, The Thursday Hook-Up is on w/ RMG - see more of Danielle (and watcher on RMG TV) at roverradio.com, Only ONE HOUR until 121212: The Concert for Sandy Relief begins! Live stream the show right here on our Facebook page by clicking on the "121212" tab at the top of the page. And tell us below which performance you're most excited to see!, 121212: The Concert for Sandy Relief is happening tonight! 
 
Bon Jovi, Eric Clapton, Dave Grohl, Billy Joel, Alicia Keys, Chris Martin, The Rolling Stones, Bruce Springsteen & the E Street Band, Eddie Vedder, Roger Waters, Kanye West, The Who and Paul McCartney will be performing at 7:30pm ET SHARP. You do not want to miss this show – there will be plenty of surprises in store!
Catch all the action right here: http://www.iheartradio.com/go/121212/
 
Which of these artists is your favorite?, null, You don't want to miss the 121212 Concert For Sandy Relief! Featuring Bon Jovi, Eric Clapton, Dave Grohl, The Rolling Stones, Bruce Springsteen & the E Street Band, Roger Waters, The Who, Paul McCartney and more! Find out where you can watch
the LIVE broadcast tomorrow night at 7:30p ET here: http://www.121212concert.org/. All proceeds from this event benefit the Robin Hood Foundation Relief Fund. Donate: http://www.robinhood.org/rhsandy, CLE Clothing Co. has some sweet stuff - support this local business and stop in for some holiday goodness.  Here is a way to win $500 bucks good for CLE Clothing Co., The crew is busting Rover's balls over his jacket - what do you think of it?, null, GO BROWNS! Listen to every play now at http://www.wmms.com/pages/content/browns-player/, null, Let's go Browns-  3 in a row tomorrow., Here is a great deal from our partners at McDonald's!, Another chance to win Madden NFL 13 today with Alan Cox!  Madden NFL 13 is the perfect gift for kids – and adults - of all ages.  Madden NFL 13: Physics You Can Feel., THIS JUST IN: The Rolling Stones have been added to the all-star lineup of 121212: The Concert for Sandy Relief (presented by Chase) at Madison Square Garden to benefit the Robin Hood Foundation Relief Fund.  

You’ll be able to watch Bon Jovi, Eric Clapton, Dave Grohl, Billy Joel, Alicia Keys, Chris Martin, The Rolling Stones, Bruce Springsteen & the E Street Band, Eddie Vedder, Roger Waters, Kanye West,  The Who and Paul McCartney across 34 U.S. networks and television feeds, watch online or listen to it on the radio on December 12th beginning at 7:15p ET.

Learn more about how you can watch the concert and donate: www.121212concert.org, Don't miss your chance! The Holiday Auction ends today at 1pm!, Grab some deals this Christmas in the WMMS Holiday Auction!, The Thursday Hook-Up is on w/ RMG - see more pix of Deana and watch her too on RMG TV roverradio.com, Win some tix for the Redskins The Official Cleveland Browns- game.  You will also get a tour of the broadcast booth during the game!  Spread the word about this... GL., 121212: The Concert For Sandy Relief is ONE WEEK from TODAY! The concert will feature Bon Jovi, Eric Clapton, Dave Grohl, Billy Joel, Alicia Keys, Chris Martin, Bruce Springsteen & the E Street Band, Eddie Vedder, Roger Waters, Kanye West, The Who, Paul McCartney plus more artists to be announced!  

CONTEST: We’re flying one winner and a friend to NY to see the show!
Enter here: http://www.iheartradio.com/go/contests/121212flyaway/

Which performer are you most excited to see?, On RMG now - Do you think money actually buys happiness?, You kiss like drunk on Monday Night football Joe Namath..., In honor of today (Dec 4) being National Cookie Day, we present to you Quiznos Free Toasted Cookies Metal Style!, FIRST LISTEN: Green Day will be dropping their new album, "¡Tré!," next week, but we're letting our fans in on a secret -- you can listen to the whole thing on-demand as many times as you'd like starting now! Listen and share: www.iheartradio.com/greenday
What's your favorite song so far?, How to eat corn like a boss..., This cat...is f'n brutal! Just saying!, Cleveland Cavaliers Floor seat giveaway.   Enter now., Starting tomorrow at 12p ET, iHeartRadio has an exclusive first listen to Green Day’s brand new album, “¡Tré!," which hits stores December 11th. Be sure to check here tomorrow to hear the tracks! http://www.iheartradio.com/iplaylist/artist/69310/, Win 4 Platinum Passes for Cedar Point - 2013 season. Go now and win. Good Luck! The new Gatekeeper ride looks sick.  Can't wait for next season.  What is your FAV Cedar Point ride?, Browns have Chiefs in a week...  Dare we say 3 in a row?, Here we go Brownies... Here we go..., TOMORROW: Monday, December 3rd at 12p: Tickets to 12-12-12: The Concert for Sandy Relief go on-sale to the public!


Dave Grohl, Eddie Vedder, Kanye West, Alicia Keys, Bon Jovi, Billy Joel, Paul McCartney, Bruce Springsteen & The E Street Band, Roger Waters, The Who and many more artists and special guests, will be coming together on the Madison Square Garden stage for 12-12-12: a concert for Sandy Relief proudly presented by Clear Channel’s iHeartRadio, The Weinstein Company and the Madison Square Garden Company.


Learn more about the event, how to watch the show from home and donate: http://www.121212concert.org/, GO BROWNS! Listen to every play now at http://www.wmms.com/pages/content/browns-player/, What would happen if guys and chicks swapped roles at the gym? Pretty much what you would imagine., Ever wonder what your cat is up to while he's out wandering all day? Trust me it's not pretty, but it's FRIGGIN' AWESOME! (Bonus: It's set to Prodigy's Smack My B!tch Up), null, The Thursday Hook-Up is on w/ RMG - see more pix of Kellie (and watch her on RMG TV) at roverradio.com, so-  you win the powerball? You already tell the boss to eff off?, Chicks arm wrestling? Oh sure it's all fun and games til someone snaps her ulna! OUCH!, Unexpected audition from a hot chick on the french version of America's Got Talent!, Holy Smokes - that's a LOT of loot! What would YOU spend it on? http://tinyurl.com/cw8l6kq, THIS JUST IN: Dave Grohl, Bon Jovi and Eddie Vedder will join the biggest names in music for 12-12-12: a concert for Sandy relief!
 
In addition to Billy Joel, Alicia Keys, Paul McCartney, Bruce Springsteen & The E Street Band, Roger Waters, Kanye West, The Who and many more special guests, these artists will be coming together on the Madison Square Garden stage on 12-12-12. This special concert will benefit the Robin Hood Foundation Relief Fund to aid victims of Hurricane Sandy - proudly presented by Clear Channel's iHeartRadio, The Weinstein Company and the Madison Square Garden Company.
 
Tickets are on-sale on Monday, December 3, at 12p ET.
Learn more about the event and donate: http://www.121212concert.org/, null, Have a high school band? Know someone who does? SEND THEM THIS INFO ASAP! The submission period is NOW for the WORLD FAMOUS High School Rock Off. , Good luck hunters.  be careful out there this week., well... great sports weekend.   Buckeyes beat Michigan and the Browns beat the Steelers.   Figures, the world ends next month.  Go Browns., GO BROWNS! Listen to every play now at http://www.wmms.com/pages/content/browns-player/, 1. wake up in the am. 
2.  do this. 
3. happy thanksgiving., Raid the Rover Merch Booth, Good luck!  Go now and win some Rover's Morning Glory swag., Walter White and Jesse Pinkman show us how to make rum spiced pumpkin pie! But first! We clean!, 'Tis just about the season for holiday shopping, so here's a shot for you to win a $500 Legacy Village gift card from our friends at 99.5 WGAR!, Alleged ring leader gets more than 11 years!, Who has the uglier feet - Jenni the Hot Intern or Jeffrey?, Machine Gun Kelly has been on Rover's Morning Glory and The Alan Cox Show Fan Pagerecently.  If you are a fan,  here is a contest to win a trip to see him in San Diego.  Good Luck.  , Drunk people and TV cameras...like a moth to a flame!, As we wait in lines to get new gaming systems this holiday season...  our kids will never know what a pain in the ass these were.., Whose fault was that Browns loss?  Skrine?  Shurmur? Refs?  We going to beat the Steelers next weekend?, Cannot remember a worse officiated game., GO BROWNS! Listen to every play now at http://www.wmms.com/pages/content/browns-player/, uh.....  haha, Click on the link below to check out this epic FB profile pic fail. Promise you won't be disappointed if you do!, What did you just say????? Take it back!!!!!, Just because it's Friday..., http://www.roverradio.com/listen/watch-live It's time! Check out Dieter v. Jeffrey in Human Hickey Bowling on RMG TV, Can Dieter put the championship away today, or will he be bested by Jeffrey? The League of Extraordinary Morons pregame show happens NOW w/ RMG WMMS 100.7, Tonight at the 2013 Miss Morning Glory calendar release party you can grab all new RMG merch, including the official Jeff's Jack Shack tee! http://www.roverradio.com/2013-calendar-release-party, Chris Kattan is in studio w/ RMG right now - watch live on RMG TV www.roverradio.com, haaa, Where will you be on 12-12-12? Jon Bon Jovi, Billy Joel, Paul McCartney, Bruce Springsteen & The E Street Band, Roger Waters, The Who, Alicia Keys, Kanye West and more special guests will be coming together on the stage of Madison Square Garden in NYC for 12-12-12, a concert for Sandy Relief proudly presented by Clear Channel’s iHeartRadio. The biggest names in music will be performing to benefit the Robin Hood Relief Fund providing aid to victims of Hurricane Sandy. Learn more about the event and donate: http://www.121212concert.org., League of Extraordinary Morons FINALS week 2 challenge announcement NOW w/ RMG  http://bit.ly/RL4fvn, Sound advice on growing a stache for Movember., Our sister station Majic 105.7 - Cleveland is Cleveland's Christmas music station! Tell them when you want to hear the sounds of the season now!, We're giving one lucky Rush fan Geddy's bass guitar and VIP access to one of their upcoming shows. Tune into our station for details on how to win:
http://iheartradio.com/ultimatecontests/rush/
What would you ask Geddy Lee if you met him?, Our sister station Majic 105.7 - Cleveland is Cleveland's Christmas music station! Tell them when you want to hear the sounds of the season now!, iHeartRadio Straight from the Studio: Aerosmith chats with us about their 15th album, "Music from Another Dimension!" Watch Steven Tyler and Joe Perry's hilarious studio antics during the interview and get their take on the songs' "live energy": http://iheartradio.com/iplaylist/artist/3508/
Have you picked up a copy yet?, YES., well...  before midnight,   we have a winner.   4 more years for Obama., Who is staying up to hear the results?, This guy has HAD It With These Monkey-Fightin’ Snakes In This Monday-To-Friday Courtroom!, Enough about the election! This guy needs PIZZA!, GO BROWNS! Listen to every play now at http://www.wmms.com/pages/content/browns-player/, GO BROWNS! Listen to every play now at http://www.wmms.com/pages/content/browns-player/, Don't forget to set your clocks back one hour before you go to bed tonight!, The Hurricane Sandy telethon is over but there's still more you can do to help. Donate to the relief efforts here:
 http://www.redcross.org//charitable-donations 
What do you think was the show's most moving moment of the night?, TONIGHT: Special telethon event, Hurricane Sandy: Coming Together. Watch on NBC at 8/7c or listen on iHeartRadio Hits LIVE station (http://bit.ly/iHeart-HitsLIVE). Live performances from Bruce Springsteen, Christina Aguilera, Billy Joel and more!

To help support the relief efforts of Hurricane Sandy, go to: http://www.redcross.org//charitable-donations, Give it up for this dude, and for ALL of the people who serve our country, and deserve this sort of reward...repeatedly. THANK YOU, IT's ON #loem Week 6 challenge w/ RMG - WMMS 100.7, The FINAL League of Extraordinary Morons pregame show is on NOW w/ RMG http://tinyurl.com/bg59vgl, On RMG now - pastor sez GOOD SEX will solve most of the world's problems. Agree? Disagree? Or let's hear it if you think nailing is awesome!, First Energy reminds you to be careful of live wires. The best thing you can do is keep your distance and call First Energy at 800-646-0400., Tenacious D calls into the Alan Cox Show today at 4:50pm- Tune in!, The Thursday Hook-Up is on w/ RMG - see more pix of Ashley, and watch her too on RMG TV, Rover reveals League of Extraordinary Morons FINAL regular season challenge - get the scoop WMMS 100.7 & RMG TV http://bit.ly/yrBPp, Here's concrete proof that a levee made of silicone could've saved the entire east coast!, Hot chicks in costume! Pretty much the ONLY reason to like Halloween., Our favorite new Disney princess...., We gotcha covered - Full list of road closures/traffic issues/school closings here, Check out the latest list of school closings here!, Bunch of school closings coming in.   Here is the page with everything., null, Hilarious Weight Watchers commercial featuring Charles Barkley!, GO BROWNS! Listen to every play now at http://www.wmms.com/pages/content/browns-player/, LEague of Extraordinary Morons Week #5 - if you haven't gotten your pick in yet - DO IT NOW! Time's running out! http://www.roverradio.com/league-of-extraordinary-morons-season-2, CONTEST: One lucky Rolling Stones fan will get flown to NYC to celebrate their 50th anniversary with a screening of their new documentary, "Charlie is My Darling!" Enter to win by filling out the form above — just click on the 'Flyaway to NYC' icon up top.
What's your favorite Stones memory?, Mushroomhead live in studio playing acoustic today on the Alan Cox Show at 4:50pm- tune in! 

, null, This week Michelle is on the Thursday Hook-Up w/ RMG - see more pix/watch her on RMG TV at http://www.roverradio.com, The Leaugue of Extraordinary Morons Week #5 challenge announcement NOW w/ RMG - WMMS 100.7, Here's a little weirdness for your Wednesday..., On RMG now - a mother slapped around a kid who was bullying her daughter. How would YOU handle it if your kid was being pushed around?, $15 seats TONIGHT ONLY for the CIRCUS! Use code: MONDAY at the Q box office, http://www.theqarena.com/ or by phone at 1.888.894.9424. Discount valid on $20 seats. Additional fees may apply. Ringling Bros. and Barnum & Bailey® Presents DRAGONS at their last performance in Cleveland!! The finale show begins at 7PM tonight at Quicken Loans Arena, Postgame now on WMMS.   , Hey.. doesn't look like we are going to come out of this game on the good side-  but it's kinda cool to see a passionate owner raging in the suite.   That's new.  Here's hoping you fix this thing.   Go Browns., Doesn't it suck when you are cheering for the Browns- but have guys on your fantasy team playing against them?, ok- ridiculous call on Cribbs- This had better be a TD., GO BROWNS! Listen to every play now at http://www.wmms.com/pages/content/browns-player/, This is the hike from Hell that Dieter and Dumb will have to make their way through - #loem Week4 is ON w/ RMG - WMMS and RMG-TV roverradio.com, Week #4 - Dieter vs. Dumb in Marco Polo...Pain! League of Extraordinary Morons pregame show starts NOW w/ RMG  WMMS http://www.roverradio.com, Why is there a comma, there?, You have 3 years... get it done., Kevin the inventor is pitching his multi-million dollar idea right now w/ @RoverRadio - see it now at http://bit.ly/yrBPp, See more pix of Shannon (and watch her on RMG TV) at roverradio.com - The Thursday Hook-Up is on w/ RMG, Tune in to @RoverRadio right now for the Week 4 League of Extraordinary Morons challenge announcement! WMMS 100.7, ESPN is reporting that Browns president Mike Holmgren will soon be out. More info during the Haslam press conference at 1pm today!, Tune into the press conference today at 1pm., This is what tailgating before a WIN looks like.  Thanks to The Grille,  Bud Light, Tricky Dick and The Cover Ups!  Good times.  GO BROWNS., null, GO BROWNS!   We tailgate.... we win.  #justsayin.   GO BROWNS., GO BROWNS! Listen to every play now at http://www.wmms.com/pages/content/browns-player/, See you at the MUNI LOT on Sunday AM.  Shout out to The Grille.  Tricky Dick and The Cover Ups will be providing the music.  If you are a single dude, you have a great chance of hooking up with Duji., LOEM Week #3 Challenge - watch LIVE NOW at RMG TV roverradio.com, League of Extraordinary Morons Pregame Show is ON w/ RMG - http://bit.ly/yrBPp  #loem, We are pumped to be partying in the muni lot on Sunday with the The Grille and Tricky Dick and The Cover Ups.  GO BROWNS., The Thursday Hook-Up is on with Erin - until the pix are up, watch her on RMG TV www.roverradio.com, Tune into RMG right now for the LOEM Week #3 Challenge announcement!, We love pun Halloween Costumes. Here is an idea for you this year., You watch The Walking Dead ?  You could WALK with the DEAD in REAL LIFE... Trip giveaway contest.   Good luck.  One of YOU will be going... Enter to win right here!   Good luck!, Watch Rob pay the piper to get back into LOEM right now www.roverradio.com, On RMG  - Rob bailed but now wants back in League of Extraordinary Morons. What say you? Should they reinstate him?, Here's video RMG was talking about CM Punk jacks a fan in the face. Do you think the dude should get paid, or is that the risk you take when you go to an event?, null, Thoughts?, What are the chances???, Machine Gun Kelly in studio NOW with RMG - Are you gonna buy Lace Up today? www.roverradio.com, null, null, IT'S ON! Rob vs. Jeffrey LOEM Week#2 challenge - The Gross-Out Gorge watch now at roverradio.com, If you haven't entered your pick for LEOM week 2, you best do it NOW! http://www.roverradio.com/league-of-extraordinary-morons-season-2 Who will emerge victorious - Jeffrey or Rob?, For today's HALFTIME entertainment of the The Official Cleveland Browns game-  We suggest watching this video of the Ohio State Buckeyes marching band LAST night  doing a fantastic tribute to classic video games.   SIMPLY AMAZING!, GO BROWNS! Listen to every play now at http://www.wmms.com/pages/content/browns-player/, Newsradio WTAM 1100 has learned the Cleveland Indians will hire Terry Francona. Will be officially announced Monday., null, We are so pumped about this.  Join US, Tricky Dick and The Cover Ups, The Grille and Bud Light.  ALL DETAILS HERE.  NEXT WEEKEND., Yep...Fat Bottomed Girls you make the rockin' world go 'round!, Stephanie is this week's Hook-Up hottie w/ RMG - see more pix of her at roverradio.com, Here are the Nominees for the Rock Hall's Class of 2013 - who isn't in that you think should be?, wow- What an.... , Need some hotties.  Know one?  Share this link.  , this is trippy-, TONIGHT at 8/7c, get your TVs ready: The CW Network will air a two-hour special of the iHeartRadio Music Festival! Don’t miss the chance to relive this epic event, complete with performances by Linkin Park, Aerosmith and many more from the MGM Grand Las Vegas. Will you be watching?, TONIGHT at 8/7c, get your TVs ready: The CW Network will air a two-hour special of the iHeartRadio Music Festival! Don’t miss the chance to relive this epic event, complete with performances by Rihanna, Taylor Swift, Usher, Pink, No Doubt, Psy and many more from the MGM Grand Las Vegas. Will you be watching?, If you could party with ANYONE (living or dead) who would it be and why?, Who should the Indians hire as manager?, The good news-  The Browns will not lose on this Football Sunday., Pretty cool! , Watch the League of Extraordinary Morons week 1 challenge NOW live from the MoronDrome! http://www.roverradio.com WMMS 100.7 #loem, It's time...The League of Extraordinary Morons, Season 2 pregame show is on NOW - who do you favor this week?, The Cleveland Cavaliers Wine & Gold Scrimmage presented by FirstEnergy Solutions is Saturday, October 6th at Quicken Loans Arena at 5:00 pm. Find out how you can get tickets!, This Monday, October 1st at 8/7c, the iHeartRadio Music Festival will make its television debut! Don’t miss this two hour highlights special on The CW Network complete with performances by Linkin Park, Aerosmith and many more from the MGM Grand Las Vegas stage.
Will you be watching?, Manny... out.   Thoughts?, Today marks the 25th anniversary of the death of Metallica Bass Player Cliff Burton. Check out the dedication video from his 86 yr old  Dad.  RIP Cliff!, WORLD PREMIERE: Over a decade since Soundgarden’s last studio album, the rock band is back with a brand new song from their new album, “King Animal” set to release in November. Check out the appropriately titled, “Been Away Too Long” at the top of every hour on our station: http://www.iheartradio.com/iplaylist/artist/5483/
 What do you think of this song?, Thanks for the training, Nintendo! If it doesn’t work the first time try: A) pulling it out and blowing, and B) inserting two fingers in the slot and wiggling until it makes a tight connection., Destiny is this week's Hook Up Hottie w/ RMG - see more of her (and watch her on RMG TV too) at http://www.roverradio.com, Tune into RMG - WMMS 100.7 - now for details on the first challenge of the League of Extraordinary Morons and make your picks and see what you can win at roverradio.com, Just saw this on Reddit - - He visits his buddy every Friday night and continues the tradition of having a beer together. Then he packs up, pats the tombstone, and heads back to his truck., oh sarah..., Get ready for League of Extraordinary Morons, Season 2! Check out the morons at http://www.roverradio.com - What was your favorite moment from season 1?, Screw granola - what's your favorite snack?, How are you feeling about the Browns right now?  Still optimistic?  Bummed?  Both?  Mad?  Wanna scream?, Everyone is talking about the iHeartRadio Music Festival which happened this past weekend! It was definitely epic. Did you catch Billie Joe Armstrong from Green Day smashing his guitar on stage? We won’t keep all of the details from you. Relive what happened on the iHeartRadio Music Festival stage: www.iheartradio.com/vegas, This about sums it up Browns fans

http://www.wmms.com/cc-common/news/sections/newsarticle.html?feed=398596&article=10437193, This video is insane - cop saves a woman from being hit by drunk driver. Give it up for heroes!  http://www.wmms.com/cc-common/news/sections/newsarticle.html?feed=414486&article=10439603, sharing from our friends at House of Blues Cleveland - and our answer is Neil Peart. , GO BROWNS! Listen to every play now at http://www.wmms.com/pages/content/browns-player/, The crowd went CRAZY during Deadmau5 and Gerard Way's iHeartRadio Music Festival performance of "Professional Griefers." Relive the amazingness with this pic:, Linkin Park is rockin' the stage on the final night of the iHeartRadio Music Festival, heating up the arena with "Burn It Down", Last night, iHeartRadio Music Festival was a blast! Check out updates and highlights from last night: www.iheartradio.com/vegas
We have more for you tonight! Experience night two beginning at 7p PT / 10p ET LIVE from the MGM Grand Las Vegas. Catch performances from Linkin Park, Aerosmith and more of the biggest names: www.iheartradio.com/vegas
Will you be watching?, TONIGHT at 7p PT / 10p ET: Green Day and more of the biggest names in music hit the MGM Grand Las Vegas stage at the iHeartRadio Music Festival. We have your front row ticket to catch all the action!  Watch LIVE: www.iheartradio.com/vegas
Who are you most excited to see tonight?, The Hunger Games gets a Bad Lip Reading Treatment!, Every Conversation Heard This Conversation Browns Season...in 60 Seconds, Designated drivers make good nights great nights. Enjoy the great times and take the pledge to drink responsibly at www.NationOfResponsibleDrinkers.com., Yo! It's Rover's birthday! Show him some love!, null, What the hell...?! Charles Manson's handwritten letter to Marilyn Manson is completely illegible. Care to translate?, The Thursday Hook-Up is on w/ RMG - meet Shannon! See more pix of her and watch her on RMG TV www.roverradio.com, Green Day, Linkin Park, Aerosmith and over 20 of the biggest names in music hit the MGM Grand Las Vegas stage this Friday and Saturday at the iHeartRadio Music Festival. We have your front row ticket to catch all the action!  Watch the iHeartRadio Music Festival LIVE this weekend at 7p PT / 10p ET on both nights. Details: www.iheartradio.com/vegas
Will you be watching?, ok-  next birthday..., THOUGHTS on this?    New Browns owner wants to explore adding a DOME., The Cleveland Cavaliers Wine & Gold Scrimmage presented by FirstEnergy Solutions is Saturday, October 6th at Quicken Loans Arena at 5:00 pm. Find out how you can get tickets!, Just another bad tattoo., iHeartRadio Music Festival Performer, Green Day is gearing up for the release of the first of a series of three brand new albums on September 25 – ¡Uno!, ¡Dos!, and ¡Tré! – their ninth, tenth, and eleventh studio albums. “¡Uno!,  is just classic Green Day sound. The second record, ¡Dos!, is more of a sort of a garage-rock kind of party record. And then the third record is more reflective on this epic scale,” Billie Joe tells iHeartRadio. 
Check out the exclusive video at: http://www.iheartradio.com/iplaylist/artist/69310/ and watch their epic iHeartRadio Music Festival performance on Friday, September 21 LIVE from the MGM Grand in Las Vegas., Since it's Monday..., The biggest live music event in radio history, the iHeartRadio Music Festival happens this Friday, September 21st and Saturday, September 22nd at the MGM Grand in Las Vegas. 20 artists. 2 nights. 1 stage.  History doesn't just repeat itself... it gets bigger! Get all of the details: http://www.iheartradio.com/vegas, null, GO BROWNS! Listen to every play now at http://www.wmms.com/pages/content/browns-player/, WATCH: Aerosmith is ready to hit the iHeartRadio Music Festival stage next week! Band members, Steven Tyler and Joe Perry talk about their commitment to the band and giving fans a good show at the iHeartRadio Music Festival in Vegas. “We’ve spent 40 years preparing for this”, Steven says. Watch the full interview. http://v.iheart.com/Ztjk, Will you be buying the new iphone?  Thoughts?, Sixx Sense's Kerri Kasem joins us the Alan Cox Show in studio at 4:20pm today!, null, null, www.bidoncleveland.com -  GREAT deals happening.  This local online auction ends Friday at 1pm.   GO NOW, and check out the stuff up for grabs.  •	There are over  663total  items up for bid, over  ½ Million Dollars’ worth!, GO BROWNS! Listen to every play now at http://www.wmms.com/pages/content/browns-player/, This guy sums up fans of every single NFL franchise in a single sentence. Did he sum up Cleveland Fans right? Watch the video at http://www.wmms.com/cc-common/news/sections/newsarticle.html?feed=414486&article=10400708, Best Sportscenter commercial ever?, From Berea- This is the full statement:   “The Cleveland Browns would like to extend their deepest condolences to the entire Modell family.”, null, sweet deal today-  only.  We picked Mcdonalds today-  glad we did!   Sounds like a good dinner plan too.., CONTEST: Our fans get an exclusive way to win tickets to the SOLD OUT iHeartRadio Music Festival! Enter to win by filling out the official entry form on our Facebook page - simply click on the 'Win Tickets' icon at the top of our page.

You'll be entered to win a trip, tickets to both nights of the festival AND a meet and greet with one of the performers. 

Which lineup artist would you like to meet?, Our motto: The only thing worse than a Steelers tattoo is a TERRIBLE Steelers tattoo - 'Like' if you're with us! GO BROWNS!, The Big Hair Labor Day weekend rages on...what's your favorite glam/sleaze/hair band or song? - Rotic, Watch Breaking Bad?  U may enjoy this one.  Best SIRI pic yet., The Official Cleveland Browns coverage starts at 6pm tonight.   Listen live at 100.7 WMMS-  and ALSO www.wmms.com -  YES EVERY HIT THIS YEAR-  you can listen online!   GO BROWNS, This is random.   but so what-  enjoy this pic from back in the day of Princess Leia and her stunt double., You can win a new 2013 Mitsubishi Outlander Sport ES from Mentor Mitsubishi in the Coats for Kids car raffle. Tickets are $100 and are tax deductible., Awesome. , null, RIP Carl Graf.   When your wife reached out to us about this,  we were honored.    Thx bud., The Official Cleveland Browns game coverage tonight starts at 6pm!   You can listen to the game on MMS, and also LIVE (all season) at www.wmms.com .    GO BROWNS!, Sweet revenge! Check out a dude who slashes a tire...and the tire slashes back!, Now THIS would get me outa' bed on a Sunday morning! , Warren Sapp chats w/ RMG about his new book "Sapp Attack" now - WMMS 100.7, Not gonna lie...made me want to throw up in my mouth! , On RMG now - this 6'2", 300lb 7th grader isn't allowed to play pee-wee football. Do YOU think he's too big to play?, Lindsay Lohan was caught slingin' some side-boob...damn shame we didn't get this pic about 5 years ago. Would you still hit it?, GO BROWNS!!, Starters should be in...  through 2.5 quarters tonight.   The BROWNS DRESS REHEARSAL.  Coverage starts at 6:30.  Listen at 100.7 WMMS and online play-by-play at wmms.com.   GO BROWNS., Soundgarden's new album now has a November 13th release date!  This is my face when I saw the news.  What other bands do you think need to get some new music out?, Olympic Gold Medalist Dominique Mocheanu in studio now w/ RMG, This wee's Hook Up hottie is Barbara - see more of her on RMG TV www.roverradio.com, WOW... watch this., null, Dad carries daughter who suffers from Cerebral Palsy through an entire triathalon - Hit 'like' if you're a dad, or think dads are awesome..., On RMG now - The crew is busting on Rover's V-neck tee. How about you? You think he's looking dapper or dorky?, We love Olivia Munn... and her...., Watch Dieter take a stun gun blast for his birthday on RMG TV now!  http://bit.ly/yrBPp, Happy Birthday, Dieter! Show him some love!, ON RMG TV now - watch Duji face the music http://www.roverradio.com/listen/watch-live, null, We are big fans.  Good kid-  Kyrie Irving, and now... girls in yoga pants..  Happy Friday., Listen to the The Official Cleveland Browns game tonight online at wmms.com!  Coverage starts at 6pm., Just keeping it classy on a Friday morning!, The RMG 100 Meter dash is on! Watch now on RMG TV http://bit.ly/JWhJid, The Thursday Hook-Up is on - you can see more pix of Chrissy, and watch on RMG TV at http://www.roverradio.com/, null, Due to Olympic coverage, Friday night's WKYC Browns-Lions preseason game will be broadcast on WOIO-Ch. 19. Pregame coverage starts at 7P – kickoff at 7:30!  Coverage on 100.7 WMMS starts at 6pm!  You can also listen online at www.wmms.com., Finally...some Olympic-ish events worth watching!, CONTEST: Our fans get an exclusive way to win tickets to the SOLD OUT iHeartRadio Music Festival! Enter to win by filling out the official entry form on our Facebook page - simply click on the 'Win Tickets' icon at the top of our page.

You'll be entered to win a trip, tickets to both nights of the festival AND a meet and greet with one of the performers. Are you feeling lucky?, Looks like the "used car" business just isn't what it used to be nowadays! , On RMG now - Duji asked Jeffrey what his ultimate date night might be if he had an unlimited budget. How about you? If money was no object what would YOUR perfect night out be?, For those of you who missed it, check out the Alan Cox Show's interview with Page Hamilton of Helmet., Page Hamilton from "Helmet" joins the Alan Cox Show in studio at 3:20pm. -@chadzumock, Swing and a miss! Point and laugh at these old nerds who can't stick a landing on a high-five!, Head in to ARBY’s TO WIN Airfare, Hotel, and Tickets  for 2 to Vegas to see the iHeartRadio music Festival!, On RMG now - NFL hires first female referee. Do you think a woman can keep up with the pace of the game?, On RMG now - should Dumb ditch the jeans/sandals look or is he rockin' it?, null, Here's 40 reasons to watch Olympic Volleyball. , null, Now on RMG TV - watch Dieter test the theory that a handcuffed dude would be able to shoot himself. www.roverradio.com, null, On RMG now - Rover says that the Volkswagen Cabrio is "the biggest bitch car of all time." What say you?, On RMG now - unbaby.me makes it possible to block baby pix/updates from your FB news feed. Does it piss you off when people constantly post crap about their kids?, Green Day is looking forward to the iHeartRadio Music Festival where 'everyone rocks together’.
WATCH: The band talks about how cool it is to have so many genres represented and why they're going to blow everyone else off the stage: http://v.iheart.com/7ad, Just performing our due diligence to keep you well informed..., On RMG now - Duji is giving Rover a hard time for going to the casino alone. Do you find anything wrong with that?, My brain hurts...what the hell is going on here?, null, Which Metallica song has the best riff(s)?  Four Horsemen?  Damage Inc.?  Blackened?  Enter Sandman?  What's your favorite?, I am voting for Mitt Romney now -@chadzumock, Another reason why zombies should rule the world!, USA! USA!, Check out this hilarious commercial for the Kirk Gibson "fist pumping" Bobblehead doll! , null, Thoughts?, The opening ceremony of the 2012 London Olympics Games begins tomorrow on NBC! We want YOU to be a part of this historic event. Enter now for your chance to win a once-in-lifetime trip to London where you’ll experience the closing ceremonies of the Olympic Games on August 12: http://www.iheartradio.com/olympics2012/  
 
Which sport are you most excited to watch?, null, Whoa...JLR kisses his headphones at the end of each show. That's pretty weird, man. Have you ever seen someone who has a weird (pointless) habit?, What the hell...?!?!, Wow...just wow! , null, The Alan Cox Show Bar Crawl this Friday in downtown Willoughby.  Get the details below, null, null, On RMG now - Do you think  Penn State is getting what they deserve or is this too severe? http://tinyurl.com/cd62lfs, Slash was immortalized with his own star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame and Corey Rotic was there - check out his pix!, null, Anyone else ever notice this?, Bane makes me feel better about my farmer's tan.  Didja see the movie yet?  -Miles, null, Michelle Jenneke's pre-race dance! You're welcome!, Ever wonder who holds the world record for most condums sucked through the nose at once? This guy! , http://vimeo.com/45784191 This video might make you pull a Fred Willard at your desk.  NSFW-ish, This kid should be president. He is all kinds of awesome! , The Thursday Hook-Up is on w/ RMG - see more pix of Jourdan (and watch her on RMG TV) at www.roverradio.com, Comic/actor Craig Robinson is at Hilarities this weekend and he's in studio w/ RMG now. What's your favorite episode of 'The Office'?, Anybody watch Workaholics last night?  Possibly my favorite episode yet...not sure what that says about me... -Miles, null, null, null, null, null, Noodles from the Offspring chats w/ RMG now about their show tonight at @HOBCleveland  - WMMS 100.7 - Are you going to the show?, On RMG now - Do you and your significant other sleep in separate beds? If not, do you think it's weird?, Tune in now for details on how you can hang out with Dale Earnhardt Jr and @roverradio at Cedar Point! WMMS 100.7, JLR murders PMJ - see the chilling video here - http://www.roverradio.com, null, null, Green Day is back!  The band is releasing three new albums in the coming months, ¡Uno!, ¡Dos!, and ¡Tres!,  the first of which Billie Joe Armstrong calls "power pop." Check out the World Premiere of "Oh Love," the first song from ¡Uno!, here: http://www.iheartradio.com/iplaylist/artist/69310/. What do you think of the song?, WIN: Tickets to the iHeartRadio Music Festival have officially SOLD OUT in 8 minutes! The only way to get your hands on tickets to the biggest live music event in radio history is to win them through our station. Listen for the cue to text for your chance to win a trip and tickets to both nights of the iHeartRadio Music Festival or check out www.iheartradio.com/vegas for more ways to win. You won't want to miss it., http://www.wmms.com/cc-common/news/sections/newsarticle.html?feed=449393&article=10268159, Say whaaaaat????, Happy Friday The 13th!, And now...Pee-Wee Herman as The Dark Knight!, http://xcle3.neofillbids.com/  Local Home Improvement online auction ends today at 1pm..., Today's National French Fry Day, who has the best fries in Cleveland?, The Girl Everyone Knows (From the Alan Cox Show)

http://www.wmms.com/cc-common/news/sections/newsarticle.html?feed=398596&article=10258494, dude... it was him.   HAHAHA, Don't have @roverfest tix? YOUR LAST CHANCE to snag em is tomorrow - get the ticket stop info http://www.roverradio.com/, null, What's YOUR metal name?, It's Duji's birthday!! Show her some love!, On RMG now - Satanists claim a sign being stolen from their yard is a hate crime. Have you ever heard anything more ridiculous, or do you agree with them?, The best thing seen in Pittsburgh., On RMG now - Find out which original band will play @RoverFest and hear the cover bands who are throwing their hats into the ring! WMMS, See what happens when you challenge Dieter? Rob pays the Peanut Butter piper! Would you have welched on the bet if YOU had to motorboat Jeffrey's slathered ass?, So 3 poses and the Peel-Of is over - who do you think is the RMG Ultimate Physical Specimen - Dieter or Rob?, On RMG TV- Watch @RMGRob and @RMGdieter in a good ol' fashioned Peel Off! Place your bets on who's more cut! http://bit.ly/JWhJid, Check out Dieter's bear trap vid on RMG TV http://bit.ly/JWhJid, Draft Coverage on WMMS right now-  PICK is IN!  DION WAITERS-  Guard from Syracuse.  You like the pick?, dunno that we have ever had two weeks back to back... with hotter chicks. , Can we say AWWWWKWARD?????, WMMS will be airing live coverage of the NBA draft from the Q tonight with Mike Snyder, Andre Knott, and Chad Zumock. Who do you want the Cavs to get? Got a question? Tune in tonight at 7pm, haaaa, What do the Red Hot Chili Peppers, Black Sabbath, Jack White, Avicii and The Black Keys have in common? They are all performing at this year’s Lollapalooza festival in Grant Park, Chicago alongside 130 diverse acts! 
We have your chance to enter to win tickets to all three days of this SOLD OUT festival. Enter: http://www.iheartradio.com/go/lollapalooza/index.html 
Get in the spirit – listen to music from artists featured in this year’s lineup on iHeartRadio’s Lollapalooza Radio: http://www.iheart.com/live/5303/, Check out the new video of the Red Hot Chili Peppers "Death Song" at rollingstone.com 

http://www.rollingstone.com/music/videos/premiere-the-red-hot-chili-peppers-brendans-death-song-20120628, null, Here's Kelsey, this week's Hook-Up Hottie - check out more photos of her and watch her on RMG TV at www.roverradio.com, Fixed - Actor/comic Harland Williams is in studio w/ RMG now - watch it now on RMG TV http://www.roverradio.com, Where can we GET one of these!?, Ha! Watch dad's hilarious freak out on an amusement park ride while his daughter having the time of her life!, Check out video of a dude getting his ass beaten by a killer whale on RMG TV http://bit.ly/yrBPp  Do you think it's legit or a total phony?, Charlie Sheen gets Lit Up...literally! Do you think he's still "winning", or is he played out?, On RMG now - a guy was arrested for threatening his neighbor with a gun after the dude broke wind in front of his door. Did he overreact?, Next Wednesday we're doin a Big Hair 4th of July.  Stoked.  What's your favorite big hair song?, Linkin Park's 5th studio album, Living Things, is out today, and frontman Chester Bennington says that while it's a fresh take, it does nod to some of the band's earlier work. "We have grown to appreciate and accept all of the phases of our career, and we’ve taken all of that stuff and we’ve mixed it altogether in this album," Chester tells iHeartRadio. 
Whether you prefer Hybrid Theory  or A Thousand Suns, the new Linkin Park album has something for you. Will you be picking up a copy? http://v.iheart.com/wTd, Still lookin' good! LIKE!, Rolling Stone polled their readers to come up with a list of The Top 10 Hair Metal Songs of All Time.  These are the results - which tunes do YOU think should be on the list?  

1.)  "Pour Some Sugar on Me",  Def Leppard 
 2.)  "Photograph",  Def Leppard  (1983)
 3.)  "Paradise City",  Guns N' Roses  (1988)
 4.)  "Welcome to the Jungle",  Guns N' Roses  (1987)
 5.)  "Home Sweet Home",  Motley Crue  (1985)
 6.)  "Cherry Pie",  Warrant  (1990)
 7.)  "Girls Girls Girls",  Motley Crue  (1987)
 8.)  "Nothin' But a Good Time",  Poison  (1988)
 9.)  "Here I Go Again",  Whitesnake  (1982)
 10.)  "Sweet Child O' Mine",  Guns N' Roses  (1988), Watch @rmg_jeffrey 's smack talkin' wrestling promo now on RMG TV http://bit.ly/yrBPp If you were him would you ever show your face again?, null, Tomorrow in Stow- URGENT need. We would love to help Amelia. Can you pass this on? (SHARE THIS POST) Let's get a lot of people there to help, ok? www.helpamelia.com THANK YOU!, Go OKC., Check out this video of this kid crying over the Heat beating the Thunder!, This week's Hook-Up hottie w/ RMG is Regina, she's 18 and you can watch her live at RMG TV! www.roverradio.com, On RMG now - do you think that the kids who insulted, tormented and cussed out 68 yr old bus monitor were just "being kids", or being dicks?, Follow this heart-tugging drama as it unfolds on RMG TV - the kid down the well has NOTHING on @rmgcharlie who's currently stuck in an elevator! www.roverradio.com, Axl takes a face plant , tripped over his own ego perhaps?, On RMG now - Alec Baldwin slugs a photog for simply taking pictures. Do you think the guy shoulda kicked Baldwin's ass in return?, Well, it looks like Rover got a bit of sun yesterday. Get ready for another hot one today - heat index could get above 100 degrees!, If you hate Lebron and the The Miami HEAT - click like.  friggin douches., Steven Tyler of Aerosmith calling between 4:45 and 5:15.   tune in-  The Alan Cox Show Fan Page- Thx., have you heard the new RUSH yet?   gonna play next...  why not drop TWO RUSH songs in a row... tune in now.  - Maria., Thinking this will happen in the 4pm hour today... will let you know a more exact time when we have it!   , On RMG now - Which would you rather give up, your JOB or SEX?, On RMG now - a drunk woman is charged when she gave her drunk boyfriend her car keys and he killed someone. Is she getting a raw deal?, Starting tomorrow morning at 10am:  The Rockstar Energy Drink UPROAR Festival will offer $15 Early “Bird” lawn tickets for the show at Blossom Music Center on September 9th for the first weekend of sales only while supplies last. www.livenation.com -  For additional festival info, go to www.RockstarUPROAR.com, Metallica helps to track down fan's murderer, On RMG now - more stories of Bath-Salt insanity. Sounds ghastly...Have you ever tried them, or some other crazy high? What's it like?, Does anyone here like boobs?, Hi!  It's MARIA~~ I have ROVERFEST tickets to give away again today at 12:05!  Listen and WIN today!   good luck!  -Maria, On RMG now - do you think Floyd Mayweather Jr be able to serve his jail sentence on house arrest so he can train, or send him off to jail?, Probably NOT the best way to impress the ladies???, Hanging at Cedar Point-  We will have several BROWNS players coming by to talk.  Joe Haden, TJ WARD, Jordan NORWOOD, Montario Hardesty, and we are NOW hearing that TRENT RICHARDSON may be stopping by.  With- The Alan Cox Show Fan Page.  BOB GOLIC and Hanford Dixon "The TOP DAWG" coming up soon!, Hi!  It's Maria-   Listen again today at 12:05 to win a Pair of tickets to Roverfest. And ONE lucky winner will win the grand prize- tickets on the Crave Vodka RoverFest Party Yacht. TODAY at 12:05 on 100.7 WMMS. - Maria, null, Listen today at  12:05 to win a Pair of tickets to Roverfest.  And ONE lucky winner will win the grand prize-  tickets on the Crave Vodka RoverFest Party Yacht.   TODAY at 12:05 on 100.7 WMMS.  - Maria, Want sold out Roverfest tickets? Listen today at 12:05 to win them from Maria.  Every weekday for two weeks- at 12:05!   Then, we pick grand prize winner to win passes on the Crave Vodka Party Yacht.   tune in and win today at 12:05!!!!, Listen for Metallica- Enter Sandman  today between 12:30 and 12:45 on 100.7 WMMS and you could win  tickets to BROWNS DAY at Cedar Point with WMMS.  It happens Tuesday.    Joe Haden, TJ Ward and several other Cleveland Browns will be joining us.  Brought to you by PEPSI MAX  -More info at wmms.com - Thanks!  MARIA., You might wanna move quick on this if you wanna go to @RoverFest RT @RoverRadio: Tickets halfway sold out! #RoverFest http://bit.ly/L2wXFr, On RMG now - the local original bands who might just play at @RoverFest - who's your favorite? WMMS 100.7, Get ready... @RoverFest tix go on sale in 8 minutes at http://bit.ly/yrBPp  - Let's hear it if you're pumped! #RoverFest2012, ha.   Alan Cox Show  - Today at 3pm. , Hi, It's MARIA!  Listen for the Beastie Boys- “Sabatoge”  today between 1:15 and 1:30 on 100.7 WMMS and win tickets to BROWNS DAY at Cedar Point with WMMS.  It happens Tuesday.    Joe Haden, TJ Ward and several other Cleveland Browns will be joining us.  Brought to you by Pepsi Max -More info below!, Here's the video that @roverradio was talking about. This dude's dressed up like a zombie and scaring people. Do you think it's a good prank, or would you kick this guy's ass?, Safety first, neighbor! Bus driver bounces out of his seat, wrecks into a house. What kinds of insane accidents have you seen happen?, Listen for Steel Panther – “Cleveland Rocks”  today between 12:30 and 1:30.  When you hear it,  be caller # 10 and win a pair of passes to join WMMS at Cedar Point next Tuesday for BROWNS DAY.   Joe Haden, TJ Ward and several other Cleveland Browns will be joining the The Alan Cox Show Fan Page- Alan Cox Show is broadcasting live., Duji took Rover's credit card and charged up over $700 for Giafest this weekend.   What is the most you ever shelled out for a kids party?, Have you seen this?   We love Kyrie Irving., today at 5:50.... , Win!  Listen in the 1pm hour today.  Be caller number 10 when you hear Aerosmith – The Other Side.  You will win a pair of passes to hang with the Alan Cox Show next Tuesday at Browns Day at Cedar Point.  (several Browns players will be there with us)  Good luck!  -Maria., On RMG now - Duji needs to ditch a rotting deer carcass before GiaFest. What do you suggest she do with it?, Random opinion time...if you just start dating someone (and haven't yet sealed the deal), and you notice they have the "Sex For Dummies" book in their shelf, what would you do? Bail? Freak out? Show them the way? Let 'er rip..., WIN - - TODAY in NOON HOUR.  WHEN you hear GUNS AND ROSES- PATIENCE, be calller # 10 and win a pair of passes to Cedar Point for Browns Day, Tuesday, June 12th at Cedar Point.  You'll be able to see the Alan Cox Show LIVE and have the chance to meet Joe Haden and other Cleveland Browns players past and present. You also have the chance to win some Cleveland Browns autographed merchandise! Courtesy of Discount Drug Mart, Pepsi Max and 100.7 WMMS!, Here is the TV Commercial for ROVERFEST  , Get ready for all the details - @RoverFest 2012 announcement happens at 7:30a w/ RMG - WMMS 100.7, tomorrow morning,  I am stopping for a grande bacon latte., TOMORROW MORNING- at 7:30.   ALL DETAILS ABOUT ROVERFEST!  www.roverradio.com , bacon seed, Cleveland Indians baseball ON 100.7 WMMS tonight.  GO TRIBE.  TONIGHT, we get back to WINNING!, Have some chicks!, Just in case you find yourself without a bottle opener this weekend..., on RMG now - Let's get ready to rumble! @RMGduji and @RMG_jeffrey going head-to-head in a good ol' fashioned news-off! Who will prevail?, Helllloooo JUNE!, ROVERFEST gets announced MONDAY MORNING!   You excited?, Bands... listen up! , On RMG now - the top 10 reasons why men and women get dumped. Do you tell the whole truth when you ditch someone?, null, Good deal happening for Ohio Bike Week-  Half Off.  Get this deal! , THIS Friday night and several times throughout the rest of the season,  we will run the Cleveland Indians on 100.7 WMMS.  Tune in FRIDAY night to hear INDIANS BASEBALL booming on WMMS!, Crazy video - Lady, you've survived 80 years...why tempt fate and attempt skydiving?, Why not? Hollywood makes films about everything else. Which toys/games do YOU think should be made into movies?, Dieter hijacked Rob's email and raised a bunch of hell - what's the most kickass office prank you've pulled/witnessed?, Idea, a new competitive dance show 'So you think you can strip?'  Like?, Just doing our part to keep you all "in the know"..., The Thursday Hook-Up is on with RMG - see more of Liana AND watch her on RMG-TV at www.roverradio.com, On RMG now - Duji's nephew is being deployed to Afghanistan - let's hear it for him and for all of our troops who serve our country and protect our freedoms., Aerosmith fans – we've got an iHeartRadio exclusive for you! Check out the band's new single "Legendary Child." 
The guitar riffs and signature vocals will remind you of how Aerosmith became one of the greatest rock and roll bands of all time. 
Find out more on the band's reunion from Joe Perry and Steven Tyler themselves in our insider video with the rock legends. See it here first: http://www.iheartradio.com/iplaylist/artist/3508/, LEGO Hardcore Show! RAAAWWWWK!!!! , Just wanna say... welcome to town lil bro...  , Yo! Rover wants to show ya something...log onto RMG TV now and see what's up! http://bit.ly/yrBPp, Again...could watch this one ALL DAY LONG! , If you could only eat ONE food for the rest of your life what would it be?, Cheerleader Kicks Herself in the Face...What sort of stupid ways have you accidentally injured yourself? , David Lee Roth says Van Halen "bit off more than they can chew" with their schedule. Do you buy it or is he full of it?, Check out VIDEO of Jeffrey's debut bout right now at http://www.roverradio.com, Tune in to find out how @RMG_jeffrey did in his "pro" wrestling debut with RMG right now - WMMS 100.7, It's Friday, so here are two really hot blondes performing the "Game of Thrones" theme on harp! ENJOY! , Have you ever banged yourself up doing something stupid?, OK, let's try THIS pic - PMJ's new helmet was so sweet it refused to be photographed! Isn't PMJ the greatest!, Sascha Baron Cohen chats w/ RMG now - WMMS 100.7 Are you gonna see "The Dictator"?, Dear Cleveland, 

Have you noticed the Cleveland Indians?   They continue to be in first place.   They are now 22-16.  The players are great group of guys- No egos, and they GRIND.  This team is VERY CLEVELAND. The games are very exciting.  It's time for us to show up and support this team.   We might not be able to pull off '455' sell outs in a row-  but it's time to get to the ballpark, and have some fun with this team., The Van Halen show at Quicken Loans Arena in Cleveland, Ohio will be temporarily postponed.  Future dates to be announced. Refunds are available at point of purchase., Bet your mom didn't celebrate Mother's Day like this, did she? , Here's Dominique, this week's Hook-Up Hottie w/ RMG - see more photos of her at roverradio.com, Kevin Martin from Candlebox is in studio w/ RMG - listen on WMMS or watch on RMG TV   http://bit.ly/yrBPp, These kids rule!, Has anyone gone to the Casino yet?   Thoughts?, See this?   very cool-  Worth watching.  , On RMG - if your partner cheats on you and leaves you for someone else then brings the other guy/chick to your kid's soccer game - how would you handle it?, Good morning from RMG TV! Duji got all dressed up for ya! The video stream is live @ http://www.roverradio.com, HAHAHAHA... Paper Mache' Jeffrey on the couch in the studio.   hilarious.  www.roverradio.com.   watch it now live.   @RMG_jeffrey, Happy Monday! RMG is live - and the video feed is live too! Watch here http://bit.ly/JWhJid, You want one of these?  Join us tonight! , null, On RMG now - if you run an errand for someone and you get a parking ticket should THEY pay the fine for you?, Dan Gilbert in studio today with the ALAN COX SHOW!   4:30!   Tune in!   Surely talking about the new Horseshoe Casino!   Look at Chadly booking the big time guests... , Plenty of amazing deals... local online auction happening right now!   For those of you that KNOW about these auctions....  here you go-  You KNOW... great deals to be had. , Ugh. Beautiful day, eh? Finish this thought. Rainy days suck because...?, Cleveland Indians.  Just. Keep. Winning., Did you miss the sold-out Alan Cox Show Comedy Tour this year ath Tangier and House of Blues? Here are some clips

Clips from our closing number at the Alan Cox Show Comedy Tour

http://www.wmms.com/cc-common/news/sections/newsarticle.html?feed=449393&article=10106909, Check out a special sneak preview of RMG's "Super-Secret Project Y" right now! http://bit.ly/yrBPp, I smell something burning..., MCA...  Rock Hall stuff. , Today at 4:20-  Meredith Rutledge-Borger, Curator for the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame + Museum .  Will be calling in to talk with the Alan Cox Show about the death of MCA from the Beastie Boys.  They were JUST inducted.  Get the hall's reaction to this sad news., Alan Cox Show starts in a couple minutes.   They will be talking Beastie Boys of course.   We are all saddened by this new of MCA's death.   You will also hear a lot of Beastie Boys this weekend on WMMS., WOW! This totally blows! , On RMG now - 1 in 10 people believe that the world will actually end this year. Are you one of 'em?, Erika.... holdin.... , Check out Pantera's iHeartRadio Custom Station today. Which Pantera song is your favorite? http://v.iheart.com/VUJ, Sunny and 80 degrees right now in CLE! How are you gonna spend this KILLER day?, Hey musicians - Wanna open up Roverfest and win a thousand bucks? http://tinyurl.com/6na6yyn, Oh sorry! I didn't see that microphone you were holding and OH is that a camera??? HAAAAAWWWWWK!  Video: http://bit.ly/ImJHmX, Want to get your band on the bill at Roverfest 2012? Details now w/ RMG - WMMS 100.7, Pretty sure that this video is a sign of the upcoming apocalypse! http://bit.ly/ITjsFv, On RMG - Streaker slides into home!, null, On RMG now - the info on alleged Cleveland terrorist plot - WMMS 100.7, Mercifully, the dog wasn't charged with any crimes., And somehow, Sweet Child still sounds cool! What was your favorite Nintendo game back in the day?, Your bucket list - What do YOU wanna do before you die?, On RMG - Rob cheaped out on pizza when Charlie helped him move. What's the hardest moving burn you've ever taken from a buddy?, Where you guys at ?  Draft thoughts?, null, Brandon Weeden.   Good pick?  Bad?   TELL US now!, We will have new Cleveland Brown QB @bweeden3  on the air in moments-  tune in now.   @iheartadio @OfficialBrowns, You can listen to complete The Official Cleveland Browns coverage of the NFL draft on WMMS with the iHeartRadio app.   From anywhere!, null, The Official Cleveland Browns get Trent Richardson.   You happy about this?, Do you think that these people should've given this kid the ball?  Video: http://bit.ly/JdqBxh, it was bound to happen...  She is holding nuts. , Today at 5:30. , The Official Cleveland Browns Draft coverage starts tonight on WMMS at 7pm.  You can also listen on iHeartRadio.  Go Browns!  Who do you think they will take with their 1st pick?, So what kind of mood are you in today? There might be a commercial-free iHeartRadio Originals stations to match it. Check them out – new stations just added! http://v.iheart.com/lvb, null, Damn...that's young. 33?, Steel Panther TONITE at HOB - remember how much ass they kicked at our XXX-Mas party? Who's going? Check out "Community Property", null, null, HELP!  We just learned that the MOSCOW (yes, that MOSCOW) band is beating the CLEVELAND band by about 200 votes.   GO VOTE right now forthe CLEVELAND BAND.  Beat the Russians.   GO NOW!   VOTE FOR "HEY MONEA"  Thanks! , Eek...see how some of your (former) favorite porn stars have aged! Any of 'em still look ok to you?, Have you ever seen anything more ballsy than this? (And yes, you may take 'ballsy' to mean ridiculous!), ACS Comedy Tour 2012 Sponsor Video & Opening Credits from the House of Blues shows

http://www.wmms.com/cc-common/news/sections/newsarticle.html?feed=449393&article=10071573
, Yo - you wanna chat w/ Deuce from Hollywood Undead today?, First person that tweets "I Want Donkey Punched" to me @chadzumock on twitter will win two VIP tickets to the sold-out Comedy Tour 2012 Tangier Show tonight at 7pm- I will put them under your name at the Box Office (Don't do it unless you really want to go), There are a couple tix left for the 2nd show tonight!   Come by today.  The Alan Cox Show will be broadcasting LIVE at the House of Blues Cleveland starting at 3pm.   Come say hi and hang with the whole cast of the show!  (and grab the remaining tickets for the 2nd show tonight)   See you there! , Soundgarden's "Live to Rise" is their first studio recording in 15 years. How do you rate it? http://v.iheart.com/0US, And now... a video montage of every time code name "Double Oh" has been mentioned in a Bond Movie. All 193 TIMES to be exact! http://bit.ly/J7Xwrv, Delonte fined $25k for a Wet Willy...how much do you think he would have been hit for if he gave him a Wedgie?, This week's Hook-Up Hottie w/ RMG is Alicia - see more of her now at roverradio.com, null, null, Hey Cleveland - Axl Rose thanks you for your support of his Rock Hall snub. Read his letter and hear exactly what that support sounds like! What do you think? Apology accepted?, On RMG now - man calls the cops on a woman who wanted TOO MUCH sex. Do you think there's such a thing?, ha... this guy flew by Discovery's office this am. , http://www.wmms.com/cc-common/news/sections/newsarticle.html?feed=449393&article=10056557, @erikalauren holds something: day two http://bit.ly/IjzWXd  What will be next?  (loving the comments), null, Huh?!, There are 70 bands in this picture.  How many can you find? go!, null, This Friday.....

http://www.youtube.com/watch?feature=player_embedded&v=SDsA76TvCsU, NEWEST FEATURE on www.alancoxshow.com !!!!  HA.... updated daily!  , Have you ever pulled a prank better than this? What did you do?, Be one of the first to check out the WORLD PREMIERE of Linkin Park's new song 'Burn It Down'! Listen to it now on demand as much as you want! Are you looking forward to Linkin Park's new album? http://v.iheart.com/SEG, On RMG now - Rock Hall Induction ceremony recap - WMMS 100.7, There are tix available for ONE of three Alan Cox Show comedy tour shows-  We would love you to join us at the 2nd show Friday night.  Get your tix at the link below! , All weekend, we are playing some cool music from RHCP, GNR and the Beasties.   Some live stuff, bootlegs, maybe some stuff you haven't heard in a long time.  Going deep.  Top and bottom of every hour.   Tune in and check it out!, Anyone run into any celebs last night?, Rock Hall Inductee DUFF MCKAGEN of GNR on the air right now with The Alan Cox Show.  Tune in!, Not goin' to Coachella? Play four songs from different bands at the same time. It's like you're there, Check this out! New VH video. Rad or Dud?, Rock Hall just released additional tix for tomorrow's Induction ceremony http://bit.ly/HQK9en, ROCK HALL TIX released this morning at 10am!  A limited number of obstructed view tickets will go on sale for the Induction Ceremony today, Friday, April 13th at 10 a.m. EST. Tickets are $50 and will be available at rockhall.com and via phone at 877-212-8898., Naked pics of Rover's Date for tomorrow night:  http://www.roverradio.com/ , null, null, Just browsing a gallery for the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame + Museum FB page, and this was cool-  2 Live Crew in an MMS shirt.  ha!, Lollapalooza 2012 is Black, White and Red all over… Black Keys, Black Sabbath, Jack White and Red Hot Chili Peppers, that is! Who would you most like to see perform at Lollapalooza if you could? http://v.iheart.com/DXw, Wow...just wow., null, Another wrinkle in the GNR/Rock Hall jam saga - Duff McKagan just said he's 'in'! Check out a live version of "Rocket Queen" too, This year's Lollapalooza is major: happening August 3-5 in Chicago's Grant Park, the colorful lineup features everyone from Red Hot Chili Peppers to The Black Keys to Jack White to Black Sabbath! Check out our interview with the always-entertaining Perry Farrell, the show's creator, about the lineup below. And make sure to listen to iHeartRadio's Lollapalooza Radio, featuring music from this year's lineup! http://www.iheart.com/#/live/5303/, On RMG now - Do you think Ozzie Guillen's comment that he loves Castro is all that bad, or is the guy a douche?, You think Guns N' Roses will reunite and play together Saturday night at the Rock Hall Induction?   We are hoping so., eesh. , There is a Social Media Conference looking for a host city.   Anytime we can bring people, and conferences like this to CLEVELAND, it's a GOOD thing for our city.  There are only 6 hours left to vote.   Let's VOTE to get this thing here.   Go NOW!  , crying>  I dunno. , Mr. McFeeley from Mr. Rogers' Neighborhood scares the hell out of these kids!, null, The Cleveland Indians announced the club has signed CA CARLOS SANTANA to a five-year contract with a club option for the 2017 season., rainy, sleety, ugly day.   Perfect day to get yer tix for the Alan Cox Comedy Tour.   Follow the link.  , Tix still available for the 2nd show at the House of Blues on 4/20.  Get your tix while you can!  Join us!   Gonna be FUN! , Wow...what's the most ridiculous 'quick fix' you've ever made?, Skidmark Cinema w/ @RMG_jeffrey - find out what he thought of 'American Reunion' now - WMMS 100.7, Happy belated Easter - could you even bear the thought of eating 30 of these damn things?, On RMG now - St. Pat's beatdown and no one helps out http://youtu.be/jdmaYeWfmGQ, Who is going to the Comedy Tour?

http://www.wmms.com/cc-common/news/sections/newsarticle.html?feed=398596&article=9930159, VIDEO: Head Banger Paint Job! Now THAT'S how you get things DONE! http://v.iheart.com/F5y, Jennifer Love Hewitt chats w/ RMG now - should Rover invite her to be his guest to the Rock Hall Induction ceremony? http://on.fb.me/edlyNd, Just because... http://bit.ly/HUWEIc, Regardless of HOW this game ends... Pretty cool to have Baerga, Vizquel, and Alomar all at the Jake today.  (sorry... for that post... had to say the Jake..), Feels like a good day to rock a little Chevelle… http://v.iheart.com/MCT, Layne Staley gone 10 years ago today...RIP.  http://bit.ly/I7O7ip, Who is going to the opener today?  Come join us at the Clevelander before., Scientists say that a computer mouse is 3X more filthy than a TOILET. Which one thing is the MOST disgusting to you?, Just preparing for the bunny this weekend... , Still tix available for the 2nd Show!  This is a good time!  , We will be airing the Cleveland Indians OPENING DAY GAME tomorrow on 100.7 WMMS...  In case you haven't heard the TRIBE on WMMS before-  Sounds AMAZING!  Tune in!, On RMG now - "At what age were you the happiest you've ever been?" What about you, and why?, Dead on...points for accuracy and attention to detail!, What's your favorite movie of all-time?, well... this uni change makes the most sense.. , So March Madness is over and Kentucky is champ - How'd you make out on your bracket?, If there's anything better than some friggin' fisticuffs, you gotta tell me what it is!, What a way to start your Monday! The biggest live music event in radio history is BACK! Last year, Lady Gaga, Jay-Z, Carrie Underwood, Coldplay, Kenny Chesney and SO many more rocked the MGM Grand in Las Vegas. Who will the huge superstar lineup be this year? Find out July 9, and enter now for a trip to the show! http://v.iheart.com/WQ1, null, Check out this gallery of things that have better odds than the lottery! http://bit.ly/Ht9ppL, Lick it Up! See who can keep their lips on @RMG_jeffrey 's filth the longest! KISS of Death is on NOW w/ RMG - WMMS 100.7, Rise Against is on the road, touring to support their new album, Endgame. Have you seen them live? http://v.iheart.com/MN0, Some awesome lip-syncing on Dance Party USA with Nine Inch Nails http://www.youtube.com/watch?feature=player_embedded&v=whVtrLrTWwE, null, Here's Nicole, this week's Hook Up Hottie w/ RMG!, Best drunk version of Bohemian Rhapsody in the back of a police car you'll see all day! WATCH THE VIDEO HERE: http://v.iheart.com/DWt, Who is the WORST band you've ever seen in concert?, null, null, null, null, On RMG - Woman who was mauled by chimp is suing the state of CT, claiming they knew he was dangerous. Should they be held responsible?, On RMG now - did your parents let you have your High School boyfriend/girlfriend crash in your bed, or would they have kicked your ass?, Play Jeffrey's Kiss of Death w/ RMG right now for Kiss/Motley tix and a shot at a trip to DC for the opening night of the tour - WMMS 100.7, null, On RMG now - There's talk of canning the dollar bill in favor of a coin? What do you think? Good idea or stupid?, You know the drill-  good luck.  Click the link and guess today's Cleveland Cavaliers score.  Guess correctly and win 4 fix to a CAVS game!   Good luck! , freaky.  Can you see the ghost in this pic?  , null, Still some tickets available for 10:30 Alan Cox Show Comedy Tour 2012 show at the House of Blues- Get them today!

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SDsA76TvCsU&feature=youtu.be, Cavs are set to take on Orlando at 7 - go to wmms.com, keyword: score. correctly guess the final score and win Cavs tix!, Click LIKE if you've already had to mow your lawn or cut your grass this year!, Kevin Nealon joins RMG in studio - do you have a favorite bit he did on SNL?, Foxy Shazam brought down the house with "I Like It" at iHeartRadio's SXSW party. Do you, well, like it? http://v.iheart.com/sNO, @MythBusters join RMG in studio now - they always blow stuff up! Do you have a "playing w/ fire" or breaking stuff story from your youth?, Details on how you can head to DC for the kickoff of the Crue/KISS tour right now w/ RMG - WMMS 100.7, Good luck!   Guess the score for tonight's game and win TIX to a Cleveland Cavaliers game!   , null, There are NOW tickets available for the 10:30 show at the House of Blues Cleveland, On RMG now - Should a bar be held responsible if an underaged patron dies from drinking?, To celebrate the 60th Anniversary of the Moondog Coronation Ball, here's a chance to rock back the clocks and get $19.52 off the cost of two $52.50 tickets to the show!, If a toxic friend/family member who is continually screwing up would you continue to help them or say "enough's enough"?, On RMG now - Could your TV be spying on you soon? Or do you think 'Big Brother' is already watching us somehow?, null, hahaha...  when snoop offers you a smoke, you take it. , Both Alan Cox Show Comedy Tour 2012 shows are sold out, but there are a few tickets left at Tim Lally Chevrolet 9000 Rockside Road, Bedford, OH 44146
Call- (440) 232-2000 -@chadzumock, Go Cleveland Cavaliers.  Enter your SCORE at the link, and you could win 4 Cavs tix!   Good luck!  Go now! , null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null)