List(Beautiful day to go out and enjoy a soup and sandwich, which we happen to do very well (at least we think so)
House Smoked Local Monkfish Salad Sandwich- locally caught monkfish is prepared salad style and served with lettuce, tomato and pickled onion,with thousand island dressing on our housemade bread toasted 
Lamb Dip- Smoke roasted domestic Lamb Shoulder is shaved thin and dipped in a Lamb Au Jus, served on a Garlic Toasted Baguette with sauteed onions and Smiths Farm Havarti Cheese, with a cup of Au Jus for Dippin'
Soup of the Moment is a Roasted Spring Parsnip Bisque with a Sourdough-Saffron Rouille
On Tap we have Baxter Brewing Co. Phantom Punch Stout. Bent Water Brewing Company Thunder Funk I.P.A., Jolene Porter as well as Mayflower Brewing Company I.P.A., Happy Easter, here is what we are doing
Join Us for some Easter Lamb; Smoke Roasted Domestic Lamb Shoulder, with a Red Wine Jus, Crispy Red Bliss Potatoes in herb butter, and Braised Red Cabbage,
Salmon Florentine: House cured and Smoked Salmon Lox with wilted spinach on a toasted SK English Muffin with a Lemon Hollandaise and Maine Potato Hash, Dont forget to vote, House Smoked Local Fish Stew with Saffron-Sourdough Rouille
Shi! on a Shingle, classic with house smoked and dried beef in a white gravy over buttered sourdough toast and a couple of fried eggs
Housemade Chicken Liver Pate infused with Scratch Bacon with sourdough toast, Rhubarb Jam, Pickled Grapes, It's a wrap, the crew from Wicked Bites just finished filming. We had fn talking about our SK Bacon and other signature dishes for their Bacon Show, we will let you know when it airs, but in the mean time your always welcome to come in and indulge in some of our  bacon goodness. also don't forget to cast your vote for 2016 Northshore Magazine BONS, this year they have a bacon category, Howdy all, we are going to have a fun day tomorrow, We have the Crew from NESN's great food show Wicked Bites coming to do a segment with us. We have a fresh batch of SK Bacon in the smoker getting all dolled up for its close up, hope it doesn't get shy in front of the cameras., null, Happy St. Paddy's Day come get your Irish on with us.
Corned Beef Sandwich- House Corned and Beer Boiled All Natural Beef, Wilted Cabbage and Vegetables, with Spicy House mustard and a Toasted Piantadosi Potato Roll.
Or
Corned Beef "Boiled Dinner"- House Corned and Beer Boiled All Natural Beef, Cabbage and Maine Potatoes with Beer Braising Jus.
we also got the Irish Tunes playing all day, Eat this now...or not it up to you...but you would be happier if you did
Scratch Made Bacon Infused Chicken Liver Pate.. Fresh all natural chicken livers are blended with our housemade bacon and sherry into rich and delicious pate, served with pickled grapes, rhubarb jam and sourdough toast 

New Batch of soup is a hearty Smoky Local Fish Stew topped with a Saffron-sourdough rouille

This one is Old School, S.O.S. sometimes referred to as S#!% on a Shingle, we cured and smoked all natural beef and fold into a rich and creamy white gravy served over griddled sourdough toast and finished with a pair of fried eggs, Nice and Sunny outside these will make you nice and sunny inside.
Beer Braised Slow Cooked All-natural Chuck Pot Roast, Aromatic vegetables, rich gravy, griddled Mashed Maine Potato Cake

House Smoked Pork "Wings"- house smoked petite pork shank "wings" flash fried and tossed in a Spicy Korean Sweet Sour Glaze, with pickled Ginger and Toasted Sesame seeds, 

Pot Roast Taco- A pair of Locally Made Corn Tortillas Filled with Beer Braised Pot Roast, Jack Cheese, Pickled Hots, Vt. Jack Cheese, a roasted Serrano Chili Drizzle and Pickled Cabbage Slaw, Here is a hearty and filling dinner for a chilly evening. 
Sk Pot Roast: we use an all natural beef chuck roast and slowly braise it in local ale, beef stock and aromatic vegetable until it is fork tender, we serve it over some mashed Green Thumb Farms potatoes with a hint of garlic, and a rich braising liquid gravy.
Pair it with a pint of Baxter Brewing Co. Phantom Punch Porter. a pairing sure to keep you warm all night., Here is a hearty and filling dinner for a chilly evening. 
Sk Pot Roast: we use an all natural beef chuck roast and slowly braise it in local ale, beef stock and aromatic vegetable until it is fork tender, we serve it over some mashed Green Thumb Farms potatoes with a hint of garlic, and a rich braising liquid gravy.
Pair it with a pint of Baxter Brewing Co. Phantom Punch Porter. a pairing sure to keep you warm all night., Its chilly and the snow is coming down,but we're here keeping warm. Come join us for a nice cup of our homemade Chicken and Vegetable Rice soup, A hot Roast Beef sandwich and who could forget a tall glass of Notch Zwickel Bier an unfiltered Pale Lager. Stop on by we'll be here until 8pm. Hope to see You!, null, A little chiily out there this will warm you up for sure
All-Natural Maine Raised Chicken and Rice Soup. fresh air chilled chickens from the Maine Family Farm Co-op are used to create a  delicious and hearty soup 
Slow Roasted and Slightly Smoked All-Natural Roast Beef Sandwich, with house pickled spicy peppers, lettuce, tomato and onion, with Boggy Meadow Farms Baby Swiss Cheese and house mayo on our own bread
Like Fried Pickles check out the some Fried Pickled Fiddle Head Ferns with some Kitchen SInk Dipping Sauce
Meatball Sub Anyone- scratch made Grass Fed Beef meatball served with a roasted tomato sauce with real Parmesan cheese on garlic bread, Good Morning and Happy SUnday! we have a brunch going on today until 2:30 come on by and try our Black Board Shaved Steak hash, and Some Biscuits and gravy! We hope to see you!, Saturday Roast Dinner Special: Slow Roasted with a little bit of smoke All Natural Roast Beef with herbed roasted Maine potatoes, Sauteed greens, and Port Wine drizzle $20.00, Happy Friday! Today at Scratch Kitchen we're serving a nice and  hearty Chicken and RIce Vegetable Soup for this chilly winter day. Also a SK Beef Meatball Sandwich: a Grassfed Meatball with a roasted Tomato Sauce, real Parmesan cheese, on a nice toasted Sub roll. Come on in we are open until 8 pm tonight!, Looking to add a little spice to your life, try this "Buffalo" F.C.S.- Buttermilk Fried Chicken Thigh tossed in house made hot sauce, with a Great Hill Blue Pimento Cheese, House Slaw on a Toasted Bun., Due to weather related technical issues we will not be able to open today.   We hope to resolve these issues as soon as possible. Hope everyone is getting through this cold spell safely., For tomorrows Fry-Day Dinner Special we have Chicken and Waffles, a Buttermilk Fried All Natural Chicken Thigh over a Scratch Made Savory Waffle, charred onion relish, wilted spinach with Sweet and Spicy Maple Syrup, Perfect for a day like today, Hearty and warming Grass Fed Beef Stew with a Buttermilk Biscuit.
Grilled Pork Belly  Porchetta Sandwich, with pickled Jalapeno's, charred onion relish, house mayo and romaine lettuce, Hello all hope everyone survived the snow event. Like Pork Belly give this one a try, Roasted Pork Belly Porchetta Sandwich with a charred onion relish, pickled jalapeno, house mayo fresh romaine lettuce., Tonight For our Saturday Night Roast of the Week we are cooking up a Pork Belly Porchetta which is Smoke Roasted Sliced then Grilled to Order, served with Truffled "Tater-Tots", Garlicy Wilted Greens, Cider Gastrique (fancy French for sweet and sour sauce)
$18.00 bucks, Hope everyone enjoyed the Snow Day yesterday. we are open and back in the kitchen hard at work making delicious food for your palate pleasing pleasure. Come on in and try some of the new menu items such as the Baked Great hill Blue Cheese Pimento Fries, Fried Pickles, Mushroom and Valley View Goat Cheese panini, good night and we'll see you tomorrow, Happy Fry-Day. Tonight  starts our rotating weekly Fry-Day special With a Fish and Chips featuring Local Caught Haddock, house cut French Fries, Coleslaw and SK Pickle Tartar sauce., https://youtu.be/bHHMgYzTPOo., Hello hope everyone is enjoying the snow, kind of happens this time of year in New England. We are open, we have some new items on the menu that are sure to please such as Fried Pickles with Kitchen Sink Sauce, and Blue Pimento Cheese Baked Fries.
Our Soups of the Moment are Our always tasty Clam Chowder and a Black Bean and Vegetable. On the sweet side we have a Taza Chocolate Flourless Torte with a Atomic Coffee Caramel and Fresh Whipped. see youi soon, Hope everyone has had a great start to the New Year. We are getting things ready to get cooking again. We will be opening on Tuesday the second of February. We  look forward to serving you in the New Year, From all of us at Scratch Kitchen we wish you all a very Merry Christmas and Happy New Year. we will be closing early today so that we may spend the Holidays  with our Family and Friends. We thank you for all the support this past year and look forward to feeding you in the New Year., On Tap for the Holiday Season we have Two Roads Brewing Company Holiday Ale, Beir de Noel,Two Roads Holiday Ale is inspired by the little known Biere de Noel style, on subset of Biere de Garde, both of which originated on small farmhouse breweries in the north of France. Biere de Noel, which translates as “Christmas Beer”, tends to exhibit a more malty profile than a typical Biere de Garde.

In its native France this special type of ale is brewed by just a handful of small breweries and is only available for the few weeks leading up to Christmas., Menu update
French Onion Soup with house Croutons and Boggy Meadow Farm Swiss
Fried Local Fish Sandwich with coleslaw, tomato, lettuce, Old Bay Mayo on a toasted roll, Only 13 more days of Scratch Kitchen left for 2015 before we go into our extended Winter Hibernation.
Thursday December 24th we will be closing at 3:00pm for the rest of the year.
We will be extending our winter break this year from December 25th through the New Year and the month of January and will re-open Tuesday February 2nd, If you like it spicy our Grass Fed Beef Chili will set you right simmered in a boldly spice beer stock.
We also have fungus among us with our Braised Mushroom "cheese steak" thinly sliced braised Portobello mushroom, sauteed onions and Boggy Meadow Farms Swiss cheese with balsamic mayo on a warm baguette.
Take those mushrooms and put them on our Grass Fed aMaine Raised 1/2 pound burger
Crispy Mushroom Risotto fritters (aka arancini)
on the lighter side Corn and Fennel chowder
Indulge in a pair of house smoke Marrow Bones with sourdough toast, Chow down on a bowl of our Corn Chowder to brighten your day., listen carefully, do you hear that, it's your stomach telling you to eat at Scratch Kitchen, because it knows where the good food is., Boomer "cheese steak" portobello, sautéed onion, Swiss., For you mushroom lovers out there, try this Boomer "cheese steak" braised portobello mushrooms, sauteed onion Boggy Meadow Farms Swiss cheese, on a A&J baquette., Roasted Carrot soup with house pickled ginger
Buttermilk fried Chicken sandwich
Truffle scented Mushroom risotto fritter
Bold and Spicy Beef Chili
Smoke Marrow Bones
Hungry yet, come and get it.
Only 22 more days left to enjoy some good eats before we go into winter hibernation., Rainy and gloomy outside let us brighten you up on the inside with some of our hand crafted from scratch delights, Small Business Saturday, Shop Small business, eat small business. eating local helps to  support local, By eating local we are able to support local and regional farmers and producers., Hope everyone had a wonderful, belly stretching Thanksgiving. If you're out and about on this Black Friday getting your holiday shopping done, don't forget to treat yourself to a handmade sandwich, it's not good to shop on a empty stomach., Starting today for the Holiday Season, if you work in Salem and dine in with us you get a 10% appreciation discount. all you need is bring in a current pay check stub to qualify
(for dine in only, excludes beer and wine), Starting Tuesday 11/24 Scratch Kitchen will be offering a 10% discount to all employees of Local Salem Businesses during the Holiday Season. offer is for dine in only,lunch or dinner (not available for takeout and excludes beer and wine) all you need is is current pay check stub showing that you are currently employed by a local business., Hungry man Special today: Steak and Potato Wrap-Char grilled grass fed Skirt Steak, Maine Potato Fries, Sauteed Onions, Pickled Jalapeno, Tomato Compote, and Cabot Cheddar tucked snuggly in a large flour tortilla, We got some new faces here at Scratch Kitchen, stop on in and say hi to Raquel, Emma, and Amy.Come on in a let them take care of you and see how charming they can be, null, Sandwich Specials
Fried Local Sole with coleslaw, lettuce, tomato, spicy tartar sauce on a toasted roll
Grilled Skirt Steak-grass fed beef char grilled, pickled jalapeno, caramelized onions, swiss cheese balsamic aioli toasted baguette

Other stuff
Spicy Three Bomb Beef Chili
Smoked Marrow Bones, Appetizer Special: Truffle Scented Mushroom Arancini (risotto fritter) lightly breaded and fried served with a balsamic aioli, Just bagged up for the coming holidays is our Scratch Kitchen Stuffing Kit. A blend of our house made breads with herbs and seasonings all bagged up with a recipe card to help you get through the season with some good eats. 5 bucks per bag, Sandwich special today
Grass Fed Skirt Steak char grilled with sauteed onions, pickled jalapeno's, Boggy Meadow Swiss cheese and a balsamic mayo on a warm baguette, Steak Night tonight- Char Grilled Grass Fed Skirt Steak with a griddled Maine Potato Hash Cake, Local Beer Demi Sauce, and Sauteed Greens, These will make you lip smakin' happy, Like to pick bones try this:
 Smoked Bones-Two Beef Marrow Bones house smoked and roasted with a herb drizzle, served with grilled sourdough toast, caramelized onions, petite salad, Got a great new beer for your drinking pleasure from Mighty Squirrel, we might be the first on the North Shore to be serving this well balanced easy drinking beer. Neat fact each bottle has 5 grams of protein,, Today is a great soup day, knock out the chill with a bowl of Mother Hubbard's Blue Hubbard squash bisque, or our future award winning New England Chowder, or to really warm you up some of our Kickin 3 bomb Grass Fed Beef and Hatch Chili Chili., Dinner Special Tonight-" Buffalo" Fried Boneless Chicken Thigh, Great Hill Blue cheese risotto,  Apple and Celery Salad, Reminder that Tuesday is Parents Get the Night off from Cooking Night or as some may say is Kids Night.
the fine print  kids 12 years and under, ordering from kids menu,  2 kids per adult, adult must purchase at least $15.00 for themselves., We have some great beers on tap for your drinking pleasure:
Long Trail Limbo Imperial I.P.A. 7.0%
Lord Hobo Steal This Can american I.P.A. 6.4%
Notch Brewing Cerne Pivot Black Lager 4.0%
Rising Tide Way Point Coffee Porter 4.8%
as well as over 30 craft brewed bottles and cans, A heads up we will be closing today at 4:00 pm to participate in a charity event this evening. supporting MassPay's Fed Up with Cancer fundraiser., Hope everyone is enjoying this great weather, here are a couple of things we got going on
      Locally Foraged Hen of the Wood mushrooms sauteed with onions and Sherry
      Mrs. Hubbards Squash Bisque-blend Roasted Blue Hubbard Squash, cider, beer, fall spices, aromatic vegetables and local cream, finished with toasted Pumpkin Seeds and House Croutons
      Sk Kickin' Chili- A nice n spicy Chili featuring grass fed beef from Maine and New Mexico Hatch Chilies simmered in a boldly spiced beer based stock, served with tortilla chips and sour cream, We will be open tomorrow on MOnday the 26th. so if your in Salem enjoying the Haunted Happening stop by for lunch and grab a bite to eat., if you like it spicy give this one a try
Chicken Hearts from Hell Mini Po'Boy-chicken fried chicken hearts tossed in a SK Devil sauce on a toasted roll with lettuce, tomato, shaved onion and a habanero jam mayo.
wash it down with one of our craft beers or ciders over 40 bottles, and cans to choose from, We got some good seasonal beers on tap for quaffing enjoyment
BBC Octoberfest, Notch's Dog and Pony, Rising D'Automne, and from Jacks Abbey Pumpkin Crop Lager
And between Bread we have a Native Smoked Bluefish Salad Sandwich, And a BBQ Meatball sub house made using Grass Fed Beef from the Maine Grind Family Farm Co-Op, with our SK BBQ sauce and Vt. Jack Cheese, Happy Columbus Day, we are open for lunch on this good looking day., Today's Zombie Snack is a house cured tongue taco featuring a homemade corn tortilla,tomato-avocado salsa, Seasonal Beer Offerings. Coronado Pumpkin Drublic an Imperial Pumpkin ale, and from Jack's Abbey Copper Legend a Marzen style October Lager,, Contrary to what google says we are open for brunch tomorrow, Just Tapped Jack's Abbey Copper Legend, come on in grab a pint and bite., Maitland Farms Jalapeno Poppers are back for a limited time., When was the last time you got your Scratch Fix, come in and grab a bite while you can. October is coming soon that means crowds of tourists to contend with, New Special: Maitland Farms Jalapeno Poppers, we took fresh jalapeno's from Maitland Farm and stuffed them with our bacon and some cream cheese then bread them and fry them up served with some honey mustard sauce. pair with one of our great craft beers and your having a good time, on this overcast Thursday Our Roasted Heirloom Tomato Bisque will brighten your day,, tomorrow special beer meatball sandwiches. Notch IPA, Grass Fed Beef, sauteed peppers and onions, spicy mayo, jack cheese, toasted roll., Heavens Harvest Beer and Pork Braised Collard Greens with Fried Pickled Green Tomatoes and Chipotle drizzle, Summer's wrapping up, but there's still plenty of time to enjoy some seafood specials before everything in town has some sort of pumpkin in it. We cooked up a local SK Seafood Gumbo featuring native oysters, muscles, fish, and a little bit of our house smoked ham for good measure, served with a fried hominy grit cake.
We've also got a buttermilk-dipped fried fish sandwich, topped with house made guacamole, lettuce, tomato, pickled onion, and house made spicy mayo.
We've also got our Burger of the Week, if you're leaning towards (formerly) land dwelling dishes. Eight oz. grass fed all beef patty flame grilled and topped with tomato jam, house guac, and jack cheese., Here are few of the thing we got cooking up
Burger of the Week: 8oz Grass Fed beef patty topped with Pork and Beer braised Collard Greens, fried egg, Vt jack cheese, Spicy Mayo
Panini Special; Maitland Farms Eggplant Caponata, Fresh San Marzano tomato, spinach and pesto mayo on house made Focaccia
Pork "Pops" and greens- house smoked pork shank "Pops" fried crispy tossed with in our BBQ rub served with Pork and Beer braised collard greens and BBQ sauce, Some good eats we are working on. 
  Pork Drumettes (aka pork wings), house smoked and flash fried dusted with spicy "italain Seasoning" with a Maitland Farms Eggplant Caponata and a Balsamic BBQ Sauce.
  A cool and refreshing Gazpacho with veggies from the farmers market
Wash it down with some Lord Hobo Brewing Boom Sauce, or a nice Pale Ale from Slum Brewing, It's hot. You need a beer. We have plenty. Here's what we've got on draft this week.

Brewmaster Jack Little Brother Double IPA 8.5%
Slumbrew Island Day Ale - 6.5%
Stone Go To IPA - 4.5%
BBC Hefeweizen - 4.5% 

Don't drink on an empty stomach though. Don't even think about it. What's wrong with you? Get our burger o' the week. We've got the Breakfast All Day burger, an 8oz grass-fed beef burger, topped with a pork sausage patty, cheddar cheese, a fried egg, and house made spicy mayo., New Bottle and Cans For your drinking pleasure
Otter Creek/Jacks Abby Joint Custody pilsner 6.2%
Two Roads Workers Comp Saison 4.8%
Lagunitas Day Time Ale 4.64%
Lord Hobo Brewing Boom Sauce 8% 
Brewmaster Jack Stray Dog Lager 4.5%, looking for something to cool you off on a hot day, try bowl of our refreshing Gazpacho made with maitland farms heirloom tomatoes and other veggies from the farmers market blended with white balsamic vinegar and e.v.o.o. served with our "Everything" croutons, Burger of the Week is Smoked Sausage and Peppers 
8 oz grass fed burger flame grilled topped with a house smoke pork sausage and beer braise peppers and onions on a toasted roll with a charred scallion mayo.  Farmers Market Corn Chowder,, We are super excited and honored to win again best BBQ again,, null, Hope everyone had a great 4th we are back and cooking. Come in for some of our Smoked Meats Chili, Try the Southern Dip Burger (our burger topped with pork braised collard greens, fried egg, jack cheese served with pot liquor to dip), Come celebrate America with some Scratch specials. We've got house-smoked heritage pork ribs with some of our Scratch mac and cheese and a side of cornbread. 

We've also cooked up a "Southern Dip Burger," an 8 oz all grass-fed beef burger topped with VT jack cheese, a fried egg, and collard greens with a side of pot liquor for dippin'.

Wash it down with one of our many American made craft brews and get good and full before the fireworks. Happy birthday America., Fourth of July weekend already have you tired of hot dogs and burgers? We've got you covered with our heirloom tomato bruschetta. Fresh heirloom tomatoes from Clark Farms in Danvers, stewed with pesto and prosecco, on our house-made focaccia, topped with balsamic drizzle and crumbled Valley View Farms goat-feta.

Try it with a pint of Rising Tide's "ete" farmhouse ale, or Notch's Mule corn lager. Happy Fourth., sounds good to us, null, High Lights from the special board
Cold Spicy Fried Chicken Sandwich-Murrays Farm Chicken breast brined in a spicy buttermilk bath, lightly dusted with boldly seasoned flour deep fried and left to chill out served on a toasted roll with SK BBQ Mayo, coleslaw, Vt cheddar cheese and our pickled jalapenos, it will perk your day right up., Fresh on Tap for tomorrows drinking pleasure is Notch's Corn Lager The Mule.  Cheers, null, Todays soup is a Farmers Market Vegetable featuring veggies sourced from the market ( carrots, spring onions, turnips, kale, mustard greens, turnip greens, spring garlic), 

Grilled cheese filled with sauteed onions and Taylor Ham.

Kurobuta Rib snack- "ponzu" marinated rib ends, togarashi dusting, Ponzu BBQ sauce, Ramp kimchi, First day of the farmers market,we have  been looking forward to it for awhile now, happy to see our farmer friends made it through this past winter.  stay tuned for what we cook up with todays fresh from the market haul, the strawberries were looking exceptionally tastey, Fresh on tap Berkshire Brewing Busker a Czech style Pilsner a clean crisp beer perfect with our B.L.T.
Also on tap, from Grim Telekinesis a wild sour ale, very dry and refreshing, Boulevard Brewing Saison-Brett  a great farmhouse ale, and to round off our tap selection Two Roads lil' heaven IPA
a good straight forward IPA
House made Smoke Salmon Rangoons
Fancy Grilled cheese with house smoked ham, local asparagus, local swiss cheese
Kimchi Burger- house made ramp kimchi, grass fed beef, farm fresh fried egg, charred ramp mayo
Don't Forget Ribs, Bold and Spicy St. Louis cut Heritage pork smoked ribs, memphis style dry rubbed sauce on the side, we got some great local asparagus in from $town Farms from Seekonk Ma. serving it up in a couple of different ways
1 Roasted and then chilled served with a lemon mayo
2 liquified as a fancy Vichyssoise  (french for a type of chilled soup) refreshing on a hot day like today, 
3 Fancy Grilled cheese: Asparagus, Boggy Meadow Swiss Cheese, house mustard, pressed on choice of bread, These are the specials. 
Come and get em, Beers on Tap- All draft beer $5.50 compare to 
 Grimm Brewing - Telekinesis (wild sour),
 Notch - Zen Arcade (American Pale Wheat)
Two Roads- Lil' Heaven (Session IPA)
Boulevard Brewing- Brett-Saison (Wild Farm House ale)
Plus over 30 more craft bottle and cans to pair with your meal
To Eat.
Memphis style dry rubbed St Louis cut heritage pork ribs
SK BBQ Meatloaf Patty Melt
Taylor Ham and Egg cheese sandwich
SK Ramp Kimchi Burger
and more...etc, etc, etc, If you missed it we got RIBS, sourced from Heritage pork, House smoked with our SK BBQ spice rub. get them while they last. Also on the BBQ front we have a BBQ Meatloaf Patty Melt ( House made grass fed all beef meat loaf with Vt. jack and cheddar, with bbq onions griddled, charred ramp mayo, on our sourdough white bread served with Ghost Chili pickles).
And don't forget our extensive craft beer selection, compare our prices we got he best deal in town., Heads up for you pork-a-holics we got a bone to pick with you...or you might have a bone to pick with us,,,a pork rib bone that is...we went and smoked up batch of heritage St. Louis style pork ribs rubbed with our special BBQ spice blend available in half and full racks with pickle and slaw while supplies last, like things with a twist, then we got some things for you
Kimchi Burger= Grass fed Maine Raised Burger topped with a fried egg and house made ramp kimchi with a dollop of charred ramp mayo
"Ham and Eggs" griddled Taylor ham. marbled eggs, Vt, cheddar cheese with sauteed onions on griddled sourdough toast.

also on Tap Notch's Zen Arcade a American Pale Wheat, absolutely an awesome beer, Besides good friends nothing pairs better with good food than good music and B.B. King has been making good music for quite sometime, We got B.B. King and fellow blues musicians on the radio all weekend so come on in and raise a glass with us bring some friends and enjoy a meal and let the Blues be your condiment to a good meal., Just tapped and tasting great, Here is what we are cooking up lately
Roasted Mushroom and Bread soup- Mushrooms are roasted then simmered with aromatic vegetables in a parmesan scented broth.
Egg and Ramp salad sandwich- hard boiled eggs and ramp green are folded together in a bacon-mayo with spring garlic served on house toasted bread with lettuce. tomato and onion
Taylor Ham Sandwich- Imported from Jersey Griddled Taylor Ham, fried farm egg, Ramp Kimchi, and a ramp mayo on a toasted roll
these are just a few of our favorite things, We are now cooking all day and most of the night, we are back to our normal hours 11:00am-8:00pm Tuesday-Saturday Brunch on Sunday 10:00-2:30. and the Patio is open come on down and watch as National Grid tears up the street creating unique traffic patterns., Tasty treat for the brunch crowd, Imported straight from excotic New Jersey, Taylor Ham (aka pork roll), we take a classic and put a Scratch twist on it Griddled Taylor Ham with a fried egg, Sk ramp kimchi and charred ramp mayo on a toasted roll. perfect with a Notch pils, it'll set you right after a Saturday Night, Spring finally feels like it has fully sprung with warmer and only the occasional snow bank to be found. With the Days getting longer we are going to be resuming our regular dining hours. Tuesday-Saturday 11:00 am - 8:00 pm Sunday, Native Fish Po'boy sandwich today, Cornmeal dusted native sole served on a toasted roll with lettuce, tomato, pickled jalapenos, shaved onion with an herb mayo., Like root beer then you got to give this ale a try, yep that right it's an ale from Small Town Brewery called Not Your Father's Root Beer, it drinks like the best root beer you ever had and at 5.9% abv it'll get you happy in no time especially when paired with our Scratch Burger (grass fed beef, bacon onion jam and vermont cheddar), Fresh on the taps from Hidden Cove Strumpet  Wild Pale Ale is a pale ale brewed with Brettanomyces and Saccharomyces and aged in rum barrels, 5% abv, first taste and it became a staff favorite, Didn't get enough Lamb on Easter we got you covered with our Lamdwich Shaved smoke roasted All Natural lamb sirloin, Local Goat Cheese with fresh peas, spring garlic-lemon aioli and mixed greens, Lamb-a-lamb-a-ding-dong we are doing  Lamb-A-Palooza Brunch Featuring Smoke Roasted All Natural Lamb Sirloin, We got lamb in the Hash, Lamb on the Benny, Lamb between bread. We also have a spring vegetable soup featuring spring dug parsnip and fresh english peas.  Along with the usual suspects. Happy Easter, How should you kick off your weekend? Don't let us tell you how to live you life, but if it were us, it would be Scratch Sweet Potato Bisque with Charred Scallion Crema. Goes wonderfully with freshly tapped Printemps Saison from Rising Tide Brewery of Maine!, Just tapped some delicious Bantam "Americain" cider! Spiced with cinnamon, clove, coriander, cardamom and rose petals! Lush, fruity and refreshing, and an excellent pairing for our Smoked Monkfish Rangoons! Come in and get it before it's gone!, Hope everyone had a safe and merry St. Paddy's day. if you didn't get your corned beef fix we got you covered, with our house corned Maine Raised grass fed beef, thin sliced and served with our coleslaw, Boggy Meadow Farms Swiss cheese and thousand island dressing on homemade Rye toast. Enjoy it with a Imperial Stout from Coronado a perfect pair., ######  Soup UpDate ########
Todays soup is Native Lobster With Sherry

Also try for a tasty app Parmesan Creamed Spinach Empanadas, with a herbed yogurt sauce, What can be more thrilling than the first bite of fresh off the grill Burger? A 100% grass fed flamed grilled non steroid, hormone free, no frills, just the best meat one can ask for burger. The toasted roll soaking up the savory juices, the cool crisp crunch of the lettuce and sharp bite of the raw onion mingling on your palate with the clean taste of beefy goodness. don't forget to put your taste buds in overdrive by adding the sweet, smokey, tang of our Bacon Jam secured to the burger by a layer a creamy meltingly gooey Cabot Cheddar cheese. or go somewhere else and never know what joys a Scratch Burger can give you. Just saying, FYI Restaurant Week starts on the 15th we will be offering our restaurant week menu during our scheduled weekday hours, which are Tues-Thurs 11:00am-4:00pm Fri-Sat 11:00am-8:00pm

First Course

Native Pollack "Fish Sticks"
Hand Cut and breaded Native Pollack, quick fried to Golden Brown and Delicious
Served with a Lemon Aioli and Petite mixed greens salad

Second Course

Open Faced Meatloaf Sandwich
Scratch Made Maine Raised Grass Fed Beef Meatloaf Griddled seared served over Thick Cut Sourdough Toast with a Roasted Mushroom SK Bacon Gravy and sauteed greens, Get in here and brunch it up! Scratch Pork Belly Hash is simmering up and smells awesome, so come on in and get your fill from 10-2:30!, Scratch is open and the sun is shining! Come in and enjoy our current menu before it changes tomorrow! Just started cooking up some Brussel Sprout Kimchi, and Buffalo Fried Mussels and boy does it smell good! Kick off your weekend the SK way, with delicious local craft beers, and locally-sourced, 100% from scratch foods!, We don't work as hard as we do to get awards and accolades. We do it for the love of cooking, of making people happy with our service, and we appreciate everyone who comes in and dines with us. Our hope is that each visit enjoyed for our food, drinks, service, and our uniqueness. But if you like us and appreciate the hard work we put in to make your dining experience delicious and enjoyable feel free to Show your support by visiting Northshore Magazines BONS and put in vote for us Scratch Kitchen the place where everyone knows your name (as long has you wear a name tag), It's Melting Slowly But Surely. 
Not your Mothers Meatloaf Sandwich, Grass fed beef Slightly spicy with a charred serrano chili sauce, Vt jack cheese, Tomato Jam, sauteed onions on a toasted roll.
Soup of the moment is a Tri-Bean and Vegetable Light and Hearty, 10 minutes 'til we open for brunch and we have a surprise for you! Free sides of Scratch Sourdough Silver Dollar Pancakes! While supplies last, so get here while you can!, New Brunch Menu Starts Tomorrow come check it out, Read them then come in and eat them, They say green tea is good for you which means this beer is good for, We got it. You need it. Come get it. Beer and Bacon. Any questions? That's what we thought., we're drinking come join us, guess what its snowing, Time to start drinking, we got some great beers on draft, cans and bottles a style for every body, can't drink on a empty stomach so grab a bite to eat to keep it simple with the best B.L.T. you'll ever have or classic grilled cheese., What's sup, done shoveling yet. when was the last time you treated yourself to something good and delicious. we got you covered with a hearty Oyster Stew featuring roasted Wellfleet oysters, parsnips and a sherry drizzle. 
SK Grass fed Beef Meatloaf Sandwich, griddles seared with a tomato compote, sauteed onions, Serrano Chili sauce, and VT. jack cheese on a toasted roll., null, It's not snowing! In fact, it's 35 degrees! So come to Scratch Kitchen and celebrate with our delicious brunch before you break out the bathing suits! 10:00-2:30, we are serving our House-Smoked Brisket & Potato Hash, Local Oyster Stew, and our new Ginger Mimosas!, Don't let this dusting scare you! Scratch is open for dinner until 8 o'clock! Come in for some great local beers and our legendary Hog Heaven! Or if you're in the mood for something a little lighter, we still have our 3 Bean and Vegetable soup!, It's cold. Again. We are out of jokes and puns. Come eat bacon and drink beer. Scratch Kitchen., Maybe we've just gotten used to winter, but 30 degrees is feeling pretty nice to us! Come out to Scratch and celebrate!  House meatloaf sandwiches with our tomato compote is back and better than ever! We'll be here cooking for you until 4 o'clock!, Just 3 more hours to come in and get your Scratch Meatloaf Sandwich fix! We're here, we're open and it's smelling great!, We here at Scratch Kitchen are more than proud to be open today, Sunday the 15th. if we can brave the storm (again) we hope you will as well. Join us for another great brunch, 10 to 2:30., Happy Valentine's Day, North Shore! Are you ready to get buried again? Come get your Scratch fix today until 8 o'clock! Lobster Pot Pie, Buffalo Fried Mussels, delicious local beers on tap! Get them before the snow hits! (again.), It's Friday the 13th time to start freakin' out guy more snow is comin', Pixar is looking locally for places to shoot Ice Age 4 "The Frozen North Shore"
Here are a couple things working on the stove at the moment
Wellfleet Oyster Stew with Scratch Bacon and Parsnips finish with dry sherry
Native Lobster Pot Pie, lobster bound in a rich sauce baked under a tender pastry crust.
Both will be available for dinner tonight and tomorrow for Valentines, For the Beer lovers just in and freshly  Tapped: 
 Notch's Rauchbeir (Smoked dark German Lager) 
Brewmaster Jack's Hoppiness is a Happy Pun (IPA guy)
Coranado's Stupid Stout (Imperial Stout) wicked 10.0%abv, BBQ Chicken Patty Melt- Murrays Farm chicken simmered in a  our house bbq sauce, jack cheese, pickled jalapeno, roasted serrano hot sauce, tomato-avocado relish.

Buffalo Fried Crispy Maine Mussels.Breaded Wild Maine mussels tossed in a "Buffalo" sauce served over fresh spinach and with Blue cheese Celery slaw, Howdy we're are open and smoking,, We will be closed today. As we dig ourselves out. We will reopen on Wednesday for lunch., More snow coming means you got to build up your strength And what better way than a hearty brunch to give you the sustained energy to deal with the mounting inches. Homemade Bacon and farm fresh eggs homemade toast. A breakfast like grandma used to make, Things to warm you up. 
Our Clam Chowder featuring our Bacon, local clams, Maine potatoes and Puleos Cream (it is also gluten free)
If you're feeling snacky, why not mix it up with Spicy Corned Beef Sliders, house-smoked Fish Cakes or our Spicy BBQ Chicken Tacos with Scratch Serrano hot sauce? On tap, we are still happily pouring Hidden Cove's "A'Rye" Brett IPA with Rye, with spicy rye notes and tropical fruit complexity that always lend well to our house-smoked deliciousness, so why are you still at your computer? Come and eat!, Come on in and revisit our classic New England Chowder as a prelude to the North Shores best burger our Scratch Burger 100% grass fed and finished beef topped with the Original Bacon Onion Jam and Vt. Cabot Cheddar cheese wash it all down with one of many choices of beer, over 30 beers to pick from. and remember wen you dine with us you get a hand crafte meal made to order using regional/locally sourced ingredients., Due to some Technical issues we will be closing early today. sorry for the inconvenience. see you tomorrow, stay hungry salem, Read em then come on in and eat em, All is right with the world Pats won, It's winter and snowing, suns out, street are drivable. things could be worse, like being a Seahawk fan (but we know that feeling too) we got some good eats to fill you up after shoveling grab a sandwich and a beer maybe something bacon dusted. we are open and feeling fine as we cook up some damn nice swine., Scratch Kitchen is open for brunch 'til 2:30!  Come get your fill and quench your thirst before the big game! Just tapped Hidden Cove A'Rye IPA and it goes great with our Spicy BBQ Chicken Hash and Eggs!, null, Reminder that we are open for dinner tonight, come in enjoy a hearty warming bowl of our Bacon Mac&Cheese with a refreshing made with love beer of your choice, Here are few of our new specials., we are open more or less, we'll be here for awhile doing what we do. we got bored sitting at home.  so take a break from the snow grab a bite to eat enjoy a good brew and reflect on how a nice beach vacation would hit the spot just about now., As you all prepare for the in coming snow event, take note the we will be closed Tuesday January 27th so that our staff my securely obtain some bread and milk and ride this storm out in the safety of their homes with their families.
We plan on returning to our regularly scheduled routine on Wednesday the 28th. be safe and enjoy the historic monster storm in a safe and enjoyable manner. Don't forget to plan ahead and provision yourselves with enough bread and milk for the family., http://youtu.be/i6zaVYWLTkU hope everyone is taking it better than this guy about the in coming storm, As it might happen this time of year it is snowing outside, it seems to happen around this time of year to some degree or another. go outside enjoy the snow play in it at best shovel it at worst, when you're done come on in a get a bite to eat and restore yourself., Here is a topic to discuss among yourselves, Pancake or Waffle what makes for a better brunch,, Give this a listen 
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Y5l1TP-0iz8, hurry up the snow is coming, start your planning now how to survive the impending white flakey doom that approaches and threatens to end our peaceful uneventful winter thus far.  I hope at least it will distract us from deflategate, do you know what's better than sitting at work and doing something work related. It's sitting here at Scratch eating a grass fed burger with a great local craft beer, thinking how happy you are you're not sitting at your desk looking at a computer screen thinking about eating a burger and having a beer at Scratch. Basically you need to come get a burger have a beer so you can get back to work so your boss doesn't get mad at you for daydreaming at your desk., Come and get some, This will warm you up, see you tomorrow salem we out, like old school come in and go old school with us eat some corned tongue sandwich or go at it taco style either way you can say you let Scratch Kitchen slip you some tongue, Bright and Sunny outside come on in and make your insides bright and sunny with nice sandwich, Can't decide which on let Debbie take care of you she'll take care of you like one of her own., Special App tonight Smoked Fish Cakes featuring local Hake and maine potatoes griddled and served with tender Arugula greens, pickled water melon rind and thousand island dressing. so come on in for Dinner and get some., just to let you know just finished a new batch of Kraut that is lookin (almost begging) to be put on a reuben just for you. come on in order one what could be nicer on a sunny Friday, Crispy Wild Mussel Po'Boy Sandwich, Crisp fried Wild Maine mussels on a A&J King Baguette with lettuce and tomato with pickled water melon rind and spicy mayo. 
Roasted Beet and Quinoa soup, Hey what you doing, get in here have some chili Grass Fed Beef served with a corn muffin. or try a chili burger nice 'n spicy., Game on Go PATS, We at least would not have our mouths full, Winter Advisory Scratch Kitchen will be phasing in its Hibernation Hours Starting Tuesday 1/13/2015.
Hibernation Hours (winter hours) will be as follows
Tuesday-Thursday 11:00 am - 4:00 pm
Friday-Saturday 11:00 am - 8:00 pm
Sunday Brunch 10:00 am - 2:30 pm, New On Draught from Jacks Abbey Kiwi Rising a well balanced double IPL featuring New Zealand Hops, Where you watching the game? who you watching the game with? can they cook? We know we can cook, we even get Awards for our cooking, be the highlight for they day a bring these to the party and be the M.V.P. for game day grub.
Patriots Playoff Party Pack for $55.00 includes
1 dozen Pulled Pork Sliders
1 dozen Smoked Chicken Wings with accompaniments
1 pint SK Bacon-Onion Dip with homemade chips
Large Bacon Dusted Popcorn., Got a couple of things to munch on. 
Crispy Wild Maine Mussel Po'Boy: breaded and fried wild Maine mussels with shredded lettuce, fresh tomato, shaved onion, Pickled watermelon Rind relish, and Spicy Mayo
House Corned Beef Tongue Taco: Braised red Cabbage, Roasted Serrano hot sauce, Beer glazed onions and house mayo on corn tortilla, Instant Tailgate Party ready for pick up
Playoff Party Pack for $55.00 includes
1 dozen Pulled Pork Sliders
1 dozen Smoked Chicken Wings
1 pint SK Bacon-Onion Dip with homemade chips
Large Bacon Dusted Popcorn., Come on in warm yourself with a cup or bowl of something hot and tasty such as our "Classic" New England Chowder, or Roasted Beet and Vegetable with Quinoa, or Grass Fed Beef Chili either one will certainly warm you up., we are looking into it, Soup of the Moment is a Roasted Red Beet and Vegetable with Quinoa.
Taking orders for the play off games while supplies last each week order earlier than later 
Playoff Party Pack for $55.00 includes
1 dozen Pulled Pork Sliders
1 dozen Smoked Chicken Wings
1 pint SK Bacon-Onion Dip with homemade chips
Large Bacon Dusted Popcorn., Reminder to all you parents out there that on Tuesdays is our kids appreciation night, bring in the little ones for a dinner on us off of the kids menu., Happy New Year, we are open and cooking,, Hoping everyone had a a safe and enjoyable New Years celebration, we are looking forward to serving you this year as we start to get ready to open on the 6th next tuesday. stay safe and warm and we'll see you then, Hope everyone is enjoying the Holiday Season, I think we are, pretty sure we are, I am sure we are. As we get closer to the New Year it's the time people start thinking of resolutions, we have few resolutions we are thinking of but we would like to hear from you our valued supporters, give us some ideas that you think would make us better in serving you,we would appreciate any feedback and will take all into consideration as we move forward into the New Year., We hope everyone has a safe and Merry Christmas and Happy New Year, we enjoyed having you all in this year and look forward to seeing you next year. As long as no pipes freeze this year we will be opening back up on January 6th see you then., Just a reminder we close today after lunch, last chance to grab a bite to eat, we have some bags of stuffing available for the big meal tomorrow, bags of bacon popcorn, cookies of various flavors., Last chance for Scratch Kitchen until the New Year, open all day today and lunch tomorrow then we will be closed until the new year while we spend the holidays with family and friends., Only three and half days to get your scratch fix for before we go on hiatus, end the year with no regrets and come on in and get some of made from scratch grub, just a side note Dec 24th is wednesday not tuesday, so we will be closing after lunch on Christmas eve day, Merry Christmas from us at Scratch Kitchen to you 
We Hope that everyone has a safe and Enjoyable Christmas Season. We will be taking our Holiday Hiatus this year from Tuesday Dec 24th through to Tuesday January 6th 
(that means we will be closed and playing with all the nice stuff Santa brings us for being so good this year)
We hope you enjoy yourselves with your friends and families as we will do the same ourselves.
Have a Happy New Year, Our death by chocolate cake with a seasonal twist we smashed some candy canes and sprinkled them on top. Served sliced with fresh whipped cream and a Buttered 151 Rum caramel sauce, Warm up with some Scratch CHili, grass fed beef, beer spices what could be better, put it on a burger (also 100% grass fed) with some Cabot Cheese, or Chili Cheese Fries ( remember Yankee Magazine voted us best french fries in New England),, Tis the season for giving, and what better than to give your tummy the gift of Scratch, its been good all year so treat it to something good made by loving hands from scratch just for it., Something for everybody Pressed Corned Tongue Panini- House cured all natural beef tongue with beer braised red cabbage, Boggy meadow Swiss cheese, Thousand Island dressing pressed on our homemade rye bread.
You Like Balls how about fish balls- breaded golden fried local fish balls served with a celery root slaw and spicy mayo, null, The snow has subsided, and we are cooking up some delicious snacks to warm you up!  Try a SK fancy mushroom grilled cheese, with a delicious Great Divide Hibernation Ale on tap! A combo to chase the chill away, for sure!, Only Twelve more days of Scratch Kitchen for 2014 before we go on our Holiday Hiatus. Our last day of the year will be serving lunch on the 24th. in the mean time come on in and get your fix of Scratch's hand made cooking, looking to host a holiday party or pick up some thing to bring to a party stop by and I am sure we can come up with something for you., When was your last scratch burger, Shortbread with candy cane and cocoa nib, Need a cookie. We got a cookie for you. Double taza chocolate bacon, Taza chunk chocolate, ginger snap, cranberry oatmeal and in the works is a candy cane shortbread  with Taza cocoa nibs, Something is looking a little fishy...Like some of our specials we got a house smoked Monkfish pate Sandwich on homemade toast with lettuce, pickled onion and house mayo, for a warming soup we got a Saffron scented Local Fish Soup with home made croutons., Closing up early, see you all tomorrow, null, Power back on and we are waiting or you, Closed for now until we get the power back on., Rain, Rain wont go away, that's why they make raincoats so you can go outside and not get wet when you go to a very nice little sandwich shop to grab a bite to eat that will put some sunshine in your belly and make this gray day look a little brighter, because this little sandwich shop needs to make you your lunch so that it can keep on making your lunch. So put on your golashes and come on in (just be careful the floor might be a little slippery), null, Soups on, New Soup: Kurri Squash Bisque with toasted pepita seeds and truffle   oil drizzle., Something to munch on Slice and a Salad. We made a Pan Pizza with Oyster Mitake Duxelle, poached leeks, smoked ham, swiss cheese, parmesan cheese, truffle Drizzle to go along with a small salad either Caesar or Mixed greens for $9.00, Got milk, Just got back from the Farmers Market with a big bag of fabulous looking brussel sprouts From Long Hill Farm, along some other goodies to cook with and turn into specials for tomorrow., For those hankering for a bit of chocolate we think we have you covered with a new offering utilizing the great chocolate from Taza Chocolate of Somerville. We made a base of chocolate cake, then we topped that with a Chocolate Ganache frosting then we drizzle a salted Butter Scotch Caramel sauce over it and then sprinkle some crunchy Cocoa Nibs around it and finally finish with some fresh Puleo's whipped cream. Take our word for it it tasted great,we made one up to take a picture of, but the camera was too slow, got tired of waiting so we ate it., reminder tonight is kids night, bring down the little ones and we'll feed them on the house. rules do apply but are easy to follow, It's a lovely grey and gloomy day outside, let us brighten up your insides with one of our many Make You Feel Good menu items
This Certainly will warm you up a cup of our Grass Fed Beef Chili, 
Or this will certainally make your tummy say yummy Sk Bacon Meatball Sandwich-Toasted roll with Parmesan Spread, Roasted tomato Marinara, and Bacon Meatball. just to list a few of our sunny delights, Happy Saturday come in for some of this good grub
Green Thumb Farms Potato Soup with leeks and SK Bacon 
Bacon Meatball Sandwich- SK Bacon and Grass fed Beef meatball on a toasted roll with roasted tomato marinara and Parmesan spread
Local Hake Fish Fritter with a Long Hill Farms Celery Root remoulade. 
Grass Fed Beef Chili cup or bowl, or Chili Cheese Burger, Chili Cheese Fries
And we will continue the Black Friday "Keep it Local Special". come in with a receipt from a local salem shop with Saturdays date and get 5% off your sandwich. help Support Local, Shop Local, Eat Local, Up for good eats tomorrow
Green Thumb Farms Potato Soup with leeks and SK Bacon 
Bacon Meatball Sandwich- SK Bacon and Grass fed Beef meatball on a toasted roll with roasted tomato marinara and Parmesan spread
Local Hake Fish Fritter with a Long Hill Farms Celery Root remoulade. 
And we will continue the Black Friday "Keep it Local Special". come in with a receipt from a local salem shop with Saturdays date and get 5% off your sandwich. help Support Local, Shop Local, Eat Local, Howdy, hope everyone had a pleasant Thanksgiving, today we are offering a Black Friday deal of our own. we are going to reward those who are shopping local today. Come in with a Receipt with todays date on it from a salem shop. and we'll give you 5% off your sandwich. Support local, shop local, eat local, there is still time to come on down and enjoy a craft beer and a great grass fed burger before the Turkey takes over tomorrow. we still have plenty of our Stuffing Starter bags available so grab a bag before it's too late because we will be closed tomorrow as we enjoy time with our family and friends eating the Turkey and all the fixin's, We hope everyone a pleasant and safe Thanksgiving, and we'll see you next time your in., Kid Night tonight, bring down the little rug rats ( we mean little people) and we'll feed them on the house as you indulge yourself, Thanksgiving is looming and we are here to help in sides department, stop on by and grab a bag of our stuffing starter a delicious medley of our homemade breads lightly seasoned with herbs and it comes with a easy to follow recipe. up to you to keep it simple or jazz it up, but either way enjoy., Soup up date the Kitchens Whim is Now a Green Thumb Farms Potato soup with Melted leeks and SK Bacon bits, We agree, Hungry we got you covered- Grass Fed Beef Chili, Grilled Amish RAised Flank Steak Sandwich, Fried Chicken Heart Po'Boy, Red Kuri squash Bisque, 
Thirsty we got that too- many many great craft beers such as Long Trail Sick Day IPA, Grey Sails Autumn Winds, Liberty Ale Fire Side Chat., who doesn't like a fun guy...or should we say a Funghi we got a delicious grilled cheese cooking up featuring a blend of truffled Oyster and Maitake mushrooms with Smith Farms Gouda on our homemade bread. pair it with one o our many (over 40) craft beers such as Omegang Rare vos., What better way to brave the oncoming winter cold than a Scratch Kitchen Amish-raised flank steak sandwich with caramelized onions, whipped Great Hill blue cheese and homemade tomato compote? Go ahead and think of something. We'll wait....

Couldn't think of anything? That's what we thought. Try it with Rising Tide's Ursa Minor Wheat Stout for a combo to knock the chill out of your bones!, Fresh Batch of Sk Chili to help ward off the Polar Vortex, This batch utilizes all natural grass fed beef slow simmerd in local beer and chili spices served with a cornbread muffin., Looking for holidau cooking ideas, we got one, Stuffing, Everyone loves stuffing and what could be better than using homemade bread, no chemicals, no preservatives just honest bread thats been slowly dried and slighty seasoned. Take one of our starter bags and make a decent stuffing, or tazke our starter bag and put your twist on stuffing for a great side. Everyone loves stuffing, and if you don't well then there is more for us then, Tis the season already, we have seen some stores put up their christmas decor and tune into the music of sleigh bells and such, all the while Thanksgiving is still yet to come.go figure. so while we may wait to put up the decor and trappings of the season we have put something together for those that will be cooking for the holidays, Starting today and as supplies last during the season we will be offering holiday meal helpers.  We start off with a  Stuffing starter kit, A one pound Bag of our bread bits (Sourdough white, light rye, oat-wheat) all dried and combined with some herbs (thyme, sage, rosemary, oregano), along with a simple recipe to help you along your way., Looking for something meaty to sink your teeth into try out our All Natural Amish raised Flank Steak with a Maine Potato Gratin, fresh from today's farmers market roasted Broccoli and a beer infused demi-glace sauce, Looking for something to warm you up, we got it. Start with a petite chicken heart po'boy-chicken fried spicy chicken heart served in a toasted roll with fresh tomato, lettuce, and onion with house mayo and pickled watermelon rind.
Go for the Gusto with some of our Gumbo a Cajun influenced Bowl of goodness featuring Murrays Farm all natural chicken, North Country Smokehouse Andouille sausage slow simmered in a boldly spiced chicken stock. cup or bowl., It's the most wonderful of the beer! Getting ready for winter with some richer brews, we got in some Ommegang Rare Vos, Long Trail Sick Day IPA, Bantam Rojo cider, Two Roads Route Of All Evil, Narragansett Coffee Milk Stout and 21st Amendment Fireside Chat! Come and enjoy some swarthy, spicy ales with our Chicken Heart Tacos, house Roast Beef and dozens of other local options!, The masses are dissipating, things are returning to normal slowly, we are clearing our heads and working on our fall menu, in the meantime munch on this
Hot roast beef on homemade toast, with sherried onions, , sweet pepper spread, romaine lettuce, spicy mayo
Hate turnips we'll bet you'll change your mind after try out Macomber Turnip Bisque, Macomber turnips are only grown in Ma. and have a sweet taste to them unlike other turnips., Specials today. Roast beef sandwich with sweet pepper spread sherries onion lettuce and house mayo.
Spicy pork chili. Cup or bowl
Chicken fried chicken heart taco 
Cream of Maitland farm greens soup, Howdy we are looking for able minded persons who like asking people what they like to eat and then bring it to them. if interested in a server position please come on in and fill out an application ( must enjoy the restaurant business, flexible schedule, beer knowledge a plus), We are up and cooking, come in try the chili let the spice warm you up, It seems like tomorrow could be a dismal day. that's why we have cooked up a batch of Spicy Pork Chili to help ward off the chill to warm you from the inside out, We simmered it in some local beer and just enough Ghost Chili to put some pep in your step. come on in grab a cup or a bowl bring a friend share a beer. show mother nature your not made of brown sugar, like that one witch in that movie with the shoes and little dog too.., Freshly Tapped today from Coronado Brewing Punk in Drublic one of only four kegs released in Mass.  an Imperial Pumpkin Ale at 8%., We Cook with Heart... literally we cook with heart, chicken hearts little delicious chicken hearts, Chicken Fried Chicken Hearts tossed in a SK style buffalo sauce served with a house made cucumber relish, shredded lettuce and blue cheese ranch in a corn tortilla a delicious taco as part of our Zombie offerings, Spicy SK made pork Chorizo Sausage Griddle Sandwich: our take on a Chorizo kicked up a notch with Ghost Chilies, griddled with sauteed onion and topped with VT Cheddar cheese, drizzle of roasted serrano pepper hot sauce then pressed on a Winter Hill Knot Roll., The Leaves are falling, a chill is in the air, people in costumes no longer look out of place, Must mean it's October already, we are getting ready for the masses that will befall our small town, we have implemented our October menu same quality ingredients just streamlined to help keep things moving as quickly as we can, so that we can feed the people and get them out to enjoy what Salem has to offer. If we don't see you in October we understand we are looking forward to November as well, A few of the things we are cooking up
Sauteed Clark Farm's Edamame tossed with local sea salt and korean pepper flakes
Buffaloed Chicken Fried Chicken Heart taco: Buttermilk marinated chicken hearts deep fried till crispy tossed in our SK Buffalo hot sauce, served with a Lemon Boy Cucumber relish, shaved lettuce and Blue Cheese ranch in a soft corn tortilla.
Soup for the Moment is Roasted End Of Summer Vegetable with house croutons, 2 new fall beers in! Notch Polotmavy (Czech Amber Lager) on tap, and Grey Sail Autumn Winds Oktoberfest in 16 oz cans! Come in and enjoy some delicious autumn brews with our Roasted Fall Carrot Soup, or on the lighter side, some sea salted Edamame!, Oh boy have we got something good for you today! We are topping our Maine Grind burgers with in-house Spicy Ramp Kimchi and Nellie's Nest Fried Eggs! Eat it with Peak Organic's dry hopped Oktoberfest and put your tastebuds to work!, Whats that you say?? Scratch finally tapped a pumpkin beer? And a rum barrel aged pumpkin beer at that?!?!? Two Roads Roadsmary's Baby and we're pouring it til its gone! Try it with lunch, brunch or dessert!, New Soup Heavens Harvest Collard greens with Black Beans and Sk bacon simmered in a Zesty Potlicker broth, 
Looking or a tasty snack try a Trio of Reuben Potato Croquettes (mashed potato, SK smoked brisket, sauerkraut, swiss cheese) lightly ried and served with 1000 island sauce, For the sweet tooth new from scratch pudding Taza Chocolate and SK Peanut butter save room for it or eat it first we won't tell, Just tapped Rising Tide Ishmael! Nice bready malt character, with subtle notes of roast on the close and refreshing, spicy hop bitterness.  Enjoy it with our smoked tongue tacos, served with pickled shisito peppers and lemon boy cucumber relish!, Here's a take on a classic, Tuna Melt our way, a Spicy Tuna Melt featuring Atlantic Yellow Fin Tuna house poached and mixed with a spicy mayo, with Vt jack cheese, pickled onion, fresh tomato, sweet and spicy pepper relish, and pressed on the panini.
We also got cakes House Smoked Fish cakes using locally caught Whiting Seared on the griddle served with a charred Tomatillo salsa, fresh greens and a crisp tortilla, Here is what's on tap. Notch's American corn lager. Ithica's Flower Power IPA. Newburyport's Belgian White. Berkshire's Marzen lager. Come on in a tip back a pint, Come on down to Scratch for brunch today 'til 2:30! Featuring Smoked Whiting Fish hash with Nellie's cage-free eggs! Try it with Notch Brewing's "The Mule" American Corn Lager, tapped fresh today!, nothing beats cooking up dished fresh from the farmers market such as a Roasted Tomato and vegetable soup with our homemade croutons, want something to perk up your taste buds try a cup of Heaven's Harvest bacon and beer braised Collard greens, its the farmers who  make it taste good we just try and not screw it up, Scratch is open for lunch! We've got Bluefish fresh in from Gloucester for our famous fish tacos! And just tapped, we have Coronado Orange Avenue White Ale! We think they go great together, but come down and give us your opinion!, in light of our recent BONS award for BBQ we smoked up a batch of Heritage Pork Spareribs served up with our slaw and fries available half or full rack. also on tap we have the Notch's Mule American corn lager, Slumbrew's Hoppy Sol, Otter Creek American Pale Ale, Ithica Flower Power IPA,, Scratch Happenings  Homemade Chicken Salad, Murrays Farm Chicken with Fennel, Cukes and Radishes from the market on homemade bread, 
Farmers Market Corn Chowder, with SK Bacon and Puleo's cream
Wild Maine Mussels,with sauteed fennel, fresh banana peppers and shallots, and beer., 30 minutes until Scratch Kitchen's Sunday Brunch! In addition to our delicious brunch menu, today we have a Swiss Chard and Fiddlehead Tomme quiche, as well as a Smoked Whiting and Fennel potato hash. Come in and join us for some scratch cooking and craft beer until 2:30!, Spinach And Maine Potato Vichyssoise with a pickled ramp garnish
Try a Southern Inspired burger- Flame Grilled grass fed Maine Beef burger topped with beer and bacon braised Collard Greens with a Pepper jam cheese spread (YOLO it with an fried egg),.
New Veggie sandwich -roasted "ratatouille" veg marinated in a tomato-Basil vinaigrette with Valley View Farms Goat cheese and baby spinach pressed on the panini press thing, We at Scratch Kitchen are proud to be awarded Best BBQ by North Shore Magazine. We appreciate the recognition and we are happy to pass it along to the farmers who raise the meats we smoke, It's through their hard work and dedication to raising a healthy, happy and  tasty beast that makes our job easier in providing a quality sandwich.  . , Howdy Happy Fourth of July, we here makin the Bacon until 3:00ish today, so come in grab some lunch then enjoy this evenings festivities or the wrath of mother nature.., Reminder that we will be closing tomorrow after lunch so that we can either celebrate Independence Day and or survive the coming doomsday storm. We return to our normal way on Saturday doing our thing. Have a safe and fun holiday, New veggie sandwich available, Veg "Ratatouille" panini with Valley View Farms goat cheese, a mix of lightly roasted squashes, peppers, and spring onion tossed in a Tomato-Basil vinaigrette, with fresh goat cheese, spinach and pressed Panini style.
Come cool of with a chilled Asparagus and Parsnip Vichyssoise Soup, Couple of thing to temp your palate- Pressed Ham Pannini(House cured and smoked ham, Heavens Harvest Farms Asparagus, Boggy Meadow Fiddlehead Tome Cheese, Ramp aioli squashed on our press. 
We have Mussels steamed with Southern Style Collard greens.
And to cool you off Heaven's Harvest Parsnip and Asparagus Vichyssoise (fancy french for chilled soup), Hi what's up, Tongue Taco is back, this time we are pairing it with a Chipotle Crema sauce and house made Ramp Kimchi.
for those who enjoy the sweet stuff of life the crisp is a local strawberry and rhubarb.  Pudding is a Local Strawberry-Vanilla, Scratch Kitchen now open for dinner, in case you forgot, If the Chicken Fried Cheese Burger is a little too much for you try this salad sourced from the farmers market trip: Clark Farms Arugula with a warm Heirloom Tomato vinaigrette (White balsamic vinegar, Green Shallots, Garlic Chives, E.V.O.O.), topped with lightly fried Wild Maine Mussels, This burger is not for the timid. Chicken Fried Cheese Burger with our SK Bacon Braised Collard Greens served with Pot Licker juice. We might have enough napkins for this one. On special for tomorrow, Chilly and Dreary outside, brighten and warm up outside with hot bowl of liquid goodness, Try our Clam Chowder which is laways gluten free, or a bowl of Slightly Roasted Carrot soup with pickled ramp, or from the farmers market a cup of Heavens Harvest Farms Collard green served with a warm homemade buttermilk biscuit, Great to have the Salem Farmers Market back, been waiting and happy to pick up some great stuff to cook with tomorrow, for your munching pleasure Spicy BBQ Meatball Panini: handmade spicy meatballs, Vt Cheddar&Jack cheese, sauteed onions and SK BBQ sauce pressed on a Winter Hill, Problem solved we're up and running and smoking, we apologize for any inconvenience, but we will be delayed in opening today due to some water issues, will let you know when we are back up and running, We would liker to thank those who came to our Third Annual Pig roast, we appreciate your support and we also thank those who could not make but have supported us over the past three years, we would not be here with out you and we have had great time playing with your food and look forward to many more years. Thanks from Scratch Kitchen and its staff, null, The pig is coming the pig is coming, get your tickets now the pig is coming, Enjoy playing with your food, we can satisfy that itch, well we are looking for kitchen help, team oriented, multi-tasking, chaos loving food focused, bacon worshipping individuals stop on in drop off a resume or fill out an application and we'll put you through our culinary boot camp of scratch cooking., Join Us Sunday May 25th 
For Scratch Kitchen’s 3rd 
Annual Pig Pickin’ Party
To be held rain or shine 4:30 to ish
Advanced purchase $35, day of is $40
all you can eat, cash bar. 
Kids 10 and Under get there fill for free
Come get a belly full and Enjoy Some good tunes while you’re at it

Cask Beer Brewed by:
Cape Ann Brewing Company

Featured Grub:
Whole Roasted Locally Raised Pig
Smoked Chicken Wings
Scratch Baked Beans
SK Bacon Mac & Cheese
Hot Dogs
Various Pickles, Slaws, Salads
Chips, Dips, Fries
Just To name a few thing to temp you…, null, Some Special
Maitland Farms Baby Greens with Fried Wild Maine Mussels with pickled Ramps and pea shoots with a Bloody Mary Dressing

Wild Maine Mussel Po'Boy, lightly fried mussels, lettuce, tomato, shaved onion with remoulade sauce, Back on tap one of our favorites Notch's Left of the Dial, Just tapped Berkshire Brewing Co Czech Pils nice crisp balanced beer come hoist a pint, Power is Back on,, Just a heads up for all. We are experiencing a power outage hopefully won't last long national grid says should be back by 3;30 hope they are right will keep u posted, Heads up, Guess who's turning three, in the works coming in May is Our Scratch Kitchen Turns 3, we'll be celebrating 3 years in cooking from scratch in salem by roasting a whole pig and many other tasty good time grub, along with a cask of liquid good times to wash it all down with, stay tuned as we finalize the details., null, Cream of English pea soup with charred ramps.
SK Kitchen sink chili cheese burger 
Shaved local lamb sandwich 
Just to name a few of our tastey treats, got too much free time on your hands, looking for something to do, enjoy making people happy, Scratch Kitchen is looking for wait staff knowledge of beer and food a plus, stop on in and grab a application, Soup update- Puree of Carrot with Pickled Ginger 
Other Stuff we have to munch on
Truffled Mushroom Burger with Swiss cheese
Smoked Native Pollack Sandwich
BBQ Turkey Tacos
SK Kitchen Sink Chili, Truffled mushroom burger. It's umami good, New batch of Soup Spring Pea soup with SK Crispy Tasso Ham
Veg o' the Day Buttered Minted Peas
Truffled Mushroom Burger with Swiss
Roasted Garlic and Herb Steamed Wild Maine Mussels, Spicy Meatball Parm. Come on down and try our balls, Just in and tasting great Spencer Trappist Ale, Just in. Slightly addictive, New soup, Cabbage and Potato with soda bread croutons, 
Kim Chi Bacon Burger with a fried Egg-Maine Grind Grass fed burger topped with house made kim chi, SK bacon and a fried egg
Snake River Farms Kobe Hot Dog-Griddled served on an AJ kIng Baquette, sweet pepper relish, SK yellow mustard, lettuce, tomato and house mayo, with a zesty pickle spear
And new beverage is Puleo's Coffee Milk, Just Tapped peaks Organic Simcoe Spring Ale. it's sure to put a spring in your step, Like Mussels but hate picking them out of the shells, well we took care of that, we picked them out for you breaded 'em a fried 'em up "Rhodie" style with hot peppers and onion in a herb butter sauce over grilled toast points, fork friendly and you get to keep your fingers clean., Soup today is a Roasted Eggplant, Spinach, Quinoa in a Curried Broth, you can also fight of the snow with a bowl of our Local Shellfish  Gumbo, or a real stick to your ribs dish like Biscuits with Smokey Murrays Farm Gravy, We thank and appreciate all of the support we  received from everyone who comes in and dines with us here at Scratch, your return business is enough to let us know that we are providing a good and tasty experience. we did not get into this to achieve awards and win popularity contests, but to feed you all high quality food in a relaxed atmosphere free of ego and pretentiousness. If you think we deserve more recognition for our efforts then feel free to vote for us in this years BONS, which ever category you feel is right, (too bad they don't have one for bacon), Soup update- Just made Roasted Eggplant, Spinach and Quinoa in a curried broth, Hope your hungry here's what we got for you today
Biscuits and "Gravy"- Homemade buttermilk Biscuit with Smokey Murray's Farm Chicken Gravy
SK Local Shellfish Gumbo- Wild Maine Mussels and Duxberry Razor Clams with House made Taso ham slow simmered gumbo style with local beer served with rice, Soup of the Day Cream of Butternut Squash, Fish today is Skate Wing, try a bowl of Maine Mussels with homemade TAsso Ham steamed with local beer, Ghost Chili Meatball Panini, null, Got some new beers for quaffing
Gansett bohemian pilsner. Krona longboard lager. Coronado idiot IPA. Jacks Abby mass rising. Clown shoes galactic a IPA, Space cake double IPA, null, Just in fresh Razor Clams from Duxberry. Thinking sautéed RI style, A delicious soup to help with the winter blues as we wait for warmer weather (if winter ever ends) Cream of Butternut Squash Bisque with toasted pumpkin seeds, it will warm you right up.
This will also warm you up, Spicy Meatball Panini- Ghost chili spice meatball, pressed on a garlic roll with spicy marinara sauce and pecorino cheese, null, House Smoked Salmon Lox B.L.T Club- Our Classic B.L.T. with and extra layer of our homemade Salmon Lox
Beef Stew- featuring all natural New England Beef, winter vegetables cooking with local beer
Spicy Meatball Panini- Gost Chili spiced homemade meatball, on a garlic roll with spicy marinara and pecorino cheese, served with spicy pickles, Here are a couple o things we are cooking up today
Scratch Smoked Salmon Lox Club- house cured and smoked salmon with SK BACON, Maine tomatoes, lettuce and served club style
Spicy Meatball "Wedge"-Ghost CHili spiked meatball, spicy Marinara, pecorino cheese on a toasted garlic baguette
Warm you Up Beef Stew-All natural maine beef, winter vegetables in a local beer stock, We got the US vs Canada on the boob tube, come in and grab a bite to eat and watch Team USA as they Try to advance to the Gold Medal Game, Howdy we're open and cooking, come enjoy a nice sandwich and feel like your in snow globe as you look out the window at all the plows going by with their plows up, Go Old School with Chicken Liver and Egg Sandwich- Allnatural house made chicken liver pate with Nellie's Farm Hard boiled egg, with pickled red onion, Maine tomato, lettuce, house mayo on toast. Follow it up with a CSK Cookie- Taza Chocolate Chips, Scratch Bacon, in a Cocoa Cookie, Kid's night tonight, bring the tykes by for a bite on us as you feed yourself as well, Anti-Valentines day menu
Here's what we are doing for Valentines Day, Give a Big Kiss after and they'll know you really love'em

Too much Garlic Garlic Bread Bruchetta… 9.00
 A&J King Baguette toasted with A Garlicky Pecorino and Herb Butter Smear topped with a roasted garlic and olive relish, drizzled with a Garlicky dressing 

Slip of the tongue… 4.00
House cured and smoked Beef tongue, served on a corn tortilla, with tart cabbage slaw, pickled jalapenos, chipotle creama sauce

Smoked Devil Wings… 9.00
house smoked chicken wings crisp fried and smothered in a sauce that will make the devil sweat served with pickled carrots and if you need it cooling buttermilk dip

Extra Garlicky Caesar Salad… 8.75
Chopped Romaine lettuce, Garlicky Dressing, Pecorino Cheese, Garlic Confit, White Anchovies, house crouton 

Angry Mussels… 11.00
 Wild Maine Mussels steamed in house made chili paste, and local beer with grilled bread 

“Spaghetti and Meat Balls From Hell”… 18.oo
Handmade Ghost Chili Spiked meatballs served over hand made pasta in a Spicy  Marinara Sauce

How’s My Breath Chicken “Rarebit”… 15.00
Grilled Murrays farm Chicken Breast, sliced over sourdough toast points, with a Great Hill Blue Cheese Rarebit Sauce, Baby Spinach,SK Bacon, and Pickled onion salad

Straight to your Thighs Taza Chocolate Bread Pudding… 8.00
Warm Taza Chocolate Bread Pudding, Salted Caramel Sauce, Puleo’s Whipped Cream, Jack Frost can't stop us we're open and cooking.  If you are enjoying a snow day come on down and we'll reward you a cup of hot Cocoa on us for venturing out as well as a 10% snow day discount (take out or dine in) so finish your shoveling, don't strain your back, and let us feed you, Specials for tonight 
Chicken Tacos: Sofrito Simmered Smoked Murray's Farm Chicken on two flour tortillas with VT Jack cheese, Adobo braised beans, Tomato-Avocado salsa, Cabbage slaw and a Chipotle crema sauce

SK Freakin' Loaded Nacho's: House fried Chips, Smoked Murray's Farm Chicken in sofrito sauce, Adobo Braised Beans, Multi-Cheese blend, topped with Cabot Sour Cream and Tomato-Avocado Salsa, null, null, null, null, New Winter Hours Tuesday through Saturday 11:00 am to 8:00 pm
Sunday Brunch 10:30 till 2:30, Ward of the cold with a bowl of our Smoked Local Fish and White Bean Stew, it's sure to knock the chill out of you, or try Some Wild Maine Mussels with our scratch made Tasso Ham steamed with local beer, you want it, we got it, come get it. Bacon nuff said, Beer Belly is back on to make your belly happy, Were open, bacon is smoking, breads a baking, when your done shoveling come get yourself some lunch. 
Soup today is a Butternut Squash and Beer Bisque, 
Buttermilk fried Chicken Wings with BBQ dip, we'll hope everyone has a safe evening we are wrapping it up for now, see you tomorrow, oh snap it's snowing and it's still January, talk about getting caught by surprised, oh tricky Mother Nature anrd her little minion Jack Frost. we have what it takes to combat these seasonal snafus Bacon and Beer, eat enough bacon to fortify yourself for shoveling and the beer keeps you happy while thinking about eating more bacon, it's a proven fact that bacon heals all sports wounds, eat some bacon and feel better about the Pats, and as you know we are practitioners of a better bacon, Devil Wings, a tasty burger, new chicken sandwich, New chicken sandwich on the menu:Grilled Herb Brined Murray’s Farms Chicken breast, Valley View Goat cheese, Maine tomato compote, mixed greens, house mayo on toasted bread., Here are a couple things to temp your taste buds: 
Sk Garlic Bread-whipped Cabot Butter, fresh and roasted garlic, pepper flakes, herbs and Pecorino cheese on a A&J King Baguette
"BBQ" Chicken Tacos- Murrays Chicken slow cooked with BBQ seasonings served on two flour tortillas with VT.jack cheese, sour cream, cabbage slaw and spicy pickled cukes, Come on in and try the Kimchi Burger featuring 8oz grass fed Maine Raised Beef, homemade Kimchi with a fried egg., We're flowing with water, bacon is cooking, new batch of soup simmering Local Monk Fish Stew, fresh batch of cookies cooling, we are open and cooking, Happy New Year, Looks Like our water woes will be behind us shortly (knock on wood), looking forward to being open tomorrow and waiting for life's next speed bump, hopefully we have good news soon, plumbers are on site and busy fixing pipes we got our fingers crossed it will all be fixed soon, Still closed, think of having a hair dryer vigil if the plummer can't get the job done. so in the meantime we are still closed and with patience wearing thin waiting to get back into the kitchen. hopefully your new year has startyed off better than ours, Looks Like our water woes continue, hopefully it gets taken care of by monday so that we may resume our regularly scheduled good eats and get to makin some bacon, which by the way was picked as the Phantom Gourmet favorite bacon for 2013. we thank you for your patience and well be cooking soon, Well looks like we will be delayed in opening due to some frozen water lines that run through the parking Garage, we have people working on a solution will keep you posted on any happening. thank you for your patients., Well hope everyone had a Happy and Safe New Year, we are looking forward to this year and seeing what we can cook up...But unfortunately looks like we will be waiting to turn on the stoves, stay tuned we'll let you know when we are cooking, stay safe, From All of us From Scratch Kitchen thank you for a wonderful year, have a safe and merry Christmas season and a Happy New Year. Peace we are out, see you next Year, New Gansett Autocrat Milk Stout. Better get some before he drinks it all, new 'gansett Autocrat Coffee Milk Stout perfect beer to end a day of shopping with, Only 3 days of Scratch left until the New Year, in the works for tomorrow Candy Cane Pudding for all the good boy's and girl's, Only 4 days left of Scratch come get some some before we go on Holiday Hiatus then you'll have to wait for next year, Only 5 days of Scratch left in the year, come get your fix until next year, Suns Out, snow has stopped, we're here, where are you, Just a heads up for you bacon fans, Scratch will be closed early tonight on account of the impending winter doom! Stay safe, drive slow and we will see you tomorrow!, we're a kitchen full of happy then, Only 6 more days of Scratch until the new year, come on in and get your fix before we go on Holiday Hiatus. get some bacon jam perfect for stocking stuffers., Don't Let Jack Frost get the best of you, show him how a hardy New Englander embraces the coming storm by filling his/her belly with good eats and watches the snow fall in a mild food coma, bacon rangoons with sweet sours sauce on the specials for tomorrow, Try This, Bone Butter Burger: Grass fed Maine Raised Beef, topped with smoked bone marrow, sauteed leeks, and Great Hill Blue Cheese., New Pudding for tomorrow Eggnog, here are a couple of special we are working on
Roasted Smoked Marrow bones with Sherried onions and sourdough toast. And French Bread "Pizza" Sk made Tomato sauce, Valley View Feta, Olive relish, Eggplant compote on a A&J king Baguette, F.Y.I., something to keep in mind as you plan around the holidays, Scratch Kitchen will be taking its Holiday Hiatus from December 23rd through January 1st so the we can spend the holidays with family and friends, we'll be back at it on January 2nd., It's Tuesday which means it's kids night, bring in the little ones and feed 'em for free, For the Soup lover we are offering two soups for your slurping pleasure. First is a Puree of Clark Farms Parsnip with a Roullie Crostini, Second is a Soup de Poisson (fancy french for fish soup) scented with saffron and also garnished with a Roullie crostini. both are sure to warm you up, null, If you like balls we got some for you... Meatballs that is (what were you thinking of) made with Grass Fed Maine raised beef and a bit of our homemade bacon, with a house made tomato sauce and Vt. Grana cheese served either on a Garlicky Baguette or over angel's hair pasta., Reminder to all you parents and those with young ones out there, don't feel like cooking tonight, let us feed those little people and it will be on us. Tuesday Dinner is Kids Dinner, kids eat free.  and tonight we have a special for them Spaghetti and Sauce. Come in relax enjoy a pint with a pint size person., Got a four footed friend that deserves a treat, come on by and pick up a bag of Scratch Bacon dogs cookies. dog tested and approved two paws up, It's Small Business Saturday, Parking is free in Salem, come on in and support the Small Businesses in Town and help make your community stronger for it. eat and shop local goes a long way in making our local community strong and thriving., Scratch Kitchen and it's Staff wish everyone a safe and delicious Thanksgiving. we will be closed so that we may stuff ourselves on turkey and pie. see you Friday, As we head into the Holiday season and your out shopping, make sure you keep up your strength, stop in and get something to make your belly feel jolly, it will help keep your spirits up. Spread the the good cheer and pick up a Gift Card for friends and family., Chicken and Feta Wrap: Murrays Farm Chicken, Valley View Farm's goat Feta, Olive relish, Clark Farm Eggplant compote, mixed green tucked into a large flour tortilla, Pudding Update, Fall spiced Sugar Pumpkin Pudding is on the menu for your taste buds to delight in its deliciousness.We Also work up a new batch of stew All Natural North East Raised Beef Stew with Fall vegetables and Sourdough Toast. To be enjoyed via a spoon we also have a new soup actually a bisque Green Thumb Farms Potato Bisque with a Truffle oil Drizzle, Here is what we got going on today

Scratch Kitchen Pot Roast, North East Family Farms Beef Slowly braised in a beef and stout stock with fall vegetables

Veggie Panini with Valley View Farms Goat Feta, Clark Farms Eggplant chutney, baby spinach, olive relish, herb mayo, Need something hearty to war ump with try one of these

Murray's Farm Hearty Chicken and vegetable soup with herbed crostini or North East Family Farms All Natural Beef Stew with a buttermilk biscuit both are sure to warm you up., New Beer on Tap from Notch a great hoppified pale lager LP IPL: "Just for fun, we took a session approach to the emerging India Pale Lager trend. We are suckers for pale, hoppy lagers, so why not a pale lager that pushes the hop envelope? The hops here are all flavor and aroma, with none of the fatiguing bitterness that hangs on the tongue. Our beloved Augustiner lager yeast created a clean finish where the hops are allowed to shine." Notch Brewing come on a give it a taste, Scratch Kitchen
Restaurant Week
November 5th – 7th 
First Course
(pick one)

SK Bacon “Stuffing” Bites
Crispy Bread Dumpling with House made Bacon served with Maitland Farms Creamed Kale and a Apple Butter Sauce

OR

Cup of Todays Soup

Second Course
(pick One)

Angel Hair alla Carbonara 
Angel Hair Pasta Tossed with SK Bacon, Vt Grana Cheese, Cracked Black Pepper in a Cream Sauce

OR

Wild Maine Mussel Pan Stew
Mussels stewed in a sofrito and beer broth with Maine Potatoes 
and herb pesto, served with grilled bread, Here is what we got going on today
Maitland Farm's Kale and Chickpea Soup with Homemade croutons
Sk Bacon Stuffing Bites with Heavens Harvest Caramelized Nappa Cabbage, with homemade Apple Butter sauce
to wash it all down fresh on tap Notch's BSA Ale, great beer brewed from local ingredients., Fall is here warm up with some of New Orleans inspired Turkey and Bacon Jambalaya, or cup of our from Scratch Chowder., FYI Scratch Kitchen will be closed tonight Wednesday 23rd for a Charity Event, we will be helping out our friends at Masspay in raising money to help Battle Cancer, New soup Hot and Delicious, Last of the Season Farmers Market Roasted Tomato Bisque,, New Dessert Apple-Cranberry Crisp featuring Long Hill Orchard's Apples and native Plymouth Cranberry's
For the Chocolate lover out there Taza Cocoa Nib bread pudding, with a Lapsang tea Caramel Sauce, Get your grub on here as you munch on some:
+BBQ Pulled Pork Baked pasta ( Heritage breed pork smoked low and slow tossed with shell pasta baked in a BBQ infused tomato sauce topped with cheddar bread crumb)
Native Fish Fritter Po'Boy - local fish is mixed with some herbs and poatoes and formed into fritter balls, lightly fried and served on a toasted roll with remoulade sauce, lettuce and tomato.
Also serving up for the Halloween Parade, bacon popcorn, BBQ  chicken tacos, hot dogs, homemade chips, hot local cider, Taza hot chocolate, Don't forget tomorrow is the Halloween Parade, starts at 6:30 and goes right by our door, so stop in and get your parade snack and eats here (bacon popcorn, homemade chips, dogs, and more) as well as beverages (mulled cider, hot chocolate and such), grab a bite and watch the costumes, Reminder Tuesday is Kids night, kids dinner is on us parents get the night off, Come onin and get your pre game grub on before the pats game- Pulled pork sandwiches, smoked wings, chips and dip, burgers, Sloppy Scratchy, Bacon popcorn, Come on in and try a "Sloppy Scratchy" Smoked Brisket ends slow simmered with onins, Beer and BBQ sauce with Pimento Cheese, fresh Iceberg lettuce on a toasted roll...Enjoyment is doubled when paired with one of our delicious craft beers, To all those who enjoy making people happy, We are looking for experience servers to join the Scratch Kitchen team, if you think you have what it takes (energetic,  friendly, love bacon) feel free to stop on by and fill out an application, null, Here at Scratch we have a fondness for the four footed furry ones, so we made some treats for them, bacon scented biscuits and crisp bacon hide for their nibbling pleasure, A little chill in the air, warm up with some Beer Scented Wally's Farm Butternut Squash Bisque, If you like like bacon give this a try, SK Potted Bacon (aka Bacon Pate in a jar), we take our bacon and slow cook it with onions until it looks good and ready then we blend it all up and pack it into jars and chill it, perfect for spreading on some sourdough crostini with homemade mustard and pickles.
We know you all love our Bacon-Onion Jam now you can take some home to play with, we made a extra large batch a canned some up for you.
Also for home cooking pleasure  is our Essence of Scratch (bacon drippings) available by the pint for 5 bucks
we also got Quarts of our house mixed pickle, Fresh Batch of Fruit Crisp thanks to our Friends at Heavens Harvest Farms Brown Sugar and Butter Roasted Peaches with Blue Berries. Smells great taste even better, It's Brunch Time to come get your breakfast bacon fix, farmers market today, go get something good to eat, fresh is better, It's a Camels favorite day... Hump Day...while you're celebrating hump day try it with one these fine food items.
=Southern Comfort Burger- 8oz grass fed grilled patty topped with a BBQ Brisket Rillette and Pimento CHeese with some killer spicy cukes
=Heard of Bahm Mi Vietnamese sandwich while try our version we are calling a Scratch Mi-Our house cured and smoked Ham, Bacon Pate, pickled vegetables, House mayo, fresh cilantro on a A&J baguette, with pickled turips
Heavens Harvest Silver Queen Corn Soup, brown butter herb drizzle and crushed tortillas, let get baking, Here are some things we got cooking
Farmers Market "Succatash" Soup featuring Corn, Cranberry beans, peppers and Leeks simmered in a corn broth finished with broken tortilla chips
New on Tap The Mule from Notch Brewing a delicious corn lager
Maine mussels with spicy house pickled banana peppers with bacon and beer, null, here is what's cooking
House Smoked Local Bluefish "Salad" on Toast
Grilled Natural Flank Steak Sandwich with Charred Scallion Mayo
Cream of Clark Farms Broccoli soup
Wally's Peach And Berry Crisp with Puleo's icecream, It's beer thirty, new beer on draft Backlash brewing Convergence, goes great with pork belly, Howdy, get this before its gone...
House made Salmon Lox Wrap: with farmers market Fennel Slaw, baby spinach, local tomato, and a charred scallion mayo tucked inside a flour tortilla wrap
>Wild Maine mussels steamed in a spicy Homemade Kimchi and beer Broth, with grilled toast
>Kitchen Sink Chili, blend of smokey meats, chilis, spices and beer
>solo sour pickle- a whole cucumber pickled nice and zezty
come on in and enjoy the cool air and some hot food, Come chill out with us, the a.c. is finally up and running. enjoy a cool meal as you munch on hot bacon, a big chill is chill is a coming...meaning our ac is finally seeing the light at the end of the tunnel. old unit has been removed and new one is being installed as we speak (type). should be running by early next week if all goes well...so that means the rest of the summer will be cold,, here is what we got going on,
 -we got BBQ ribs, House smoked Lucky 7 Farms pork ribs with pickles and cole slaw served half or full
- Buttermilk Fried Chicken Wings served Picnic style (fried then chilled) served with a small salad, pickles and cole slaw
-Farmers Market Gazpacho with house croutons
-Smoked Local Bluefish with a fennel slaw greens and tomatoes on toast
-Kitchen Sink Chili, a blend of smoked meats, chilis, and spiced topped with Sour Cream and house fried tortilla chips, Come get your Pig on join us as we enjoy a delicious local personally china box roasted whole pig, along with a cask of Peaks Summer Session beer among various other finger licking mouthwatering eats.  if your not here your late and going hungry, Join Us Sunday July 14th 
For Scratch Kitchen 2nd Annual Pig Pickin’ Party
To be held rain or shine 4:30 to 8 ish
Advanced purchase $45, day of is $50
all you can eat, cash bar, 
Kids 10 and Under get there fill  for free
Come get a belly full and Enjoy Some good tunes while you’r at it

Peak Brewing Summer Session Cask
Featured Grub:
Whole Roasted Locally Raised Pig
Buttermilk Fried Chicken Wings
Scratch Baked Beans
Kitchen Sink Chili
Bacon Mac & Cheese
Hot Dogs
Various Pickles, Slaws, Salads
Chips, Dips, Fries
Just To name a few thing to temp you…, null, Heads up, Happy Fourth of July...we will be closing at 3:00pm today so that we can go enjoy the day and get our party on..., Howdy Happy Fourth of July Eve, here is what we got going on, 
-Cool off with a refreshing wedge of Seedless Watermelon with lime and sea salt
-Korean style roast pork sandwich with homemade  kimchi, charred scallion mayo and pickled carrots on a toasted roll
-Smoked Tongue Taco

Grab a Beer and bite to eat if your watching the fireworks tonight, take a bag of bacon popcorn with you., Update for the Pig Party, The 2nd Annual Scratch Pig Party will be held Sunday July 14th 4:00 to 8ish rain or shine $50 bucks (excludes tax, gratuity and beverages)  gets you in the door for an all you can eat bonanza, kids 12 and under are $15 (excludes tax and beverages). there will be music and a Cask from Peak Brewing. more menu info to follow, Good new, As some of may or may not know we have been having issues with our HVAC system this past year. Well relief is on the way, we just got approval from the City that will enable us to install a new system, we are in the beginning stages so hopefully it won't be too long . We appreciate everyone who has dined with us as we were dealing with the situation and look forward to giving you a cooler or warmer environment depending on the season., Special Update, many of have asked, and inquired...well it's coming soon, it's in the works, we're  finalizing details, getting our act together tying up loose ends , ...preparing for the Second Annual Scratch Kitchen Pig Pickin Party. we are looking at mid July we will be more forth coming as we head into July, Happy Friday, Sun's Out let hope it Stays out. Come enjoy some Al Fresco Dining while partaking on some
Wild Maine Mussels with Farmers Market Fennel Relish with garlic scapes and beer

Cream of Maine Potato Soup with Canaan Farm Sping Garlic Pesto

House Marinated Steak Tips with Wally's Bitter greens
 And remember we have a great selection of local and regional beers that pair well with all of our menu items, May the bacon be with you, Here are some of the specials for the Fathers out there:

Steak 'n Eggs Breakfast Sandwich
Charred House Marinated All Natural Steak Tips, served with 2 fried eggs with Clark Farm's seared Curly Endive Served Open Faced with Maine Potato Hash

Smoked Beef Belly Benny
Scratch Cured and Smoked Beef Belly Griddled Seared on a toasted Buttermilk Biscuit with poached eggs, and a Smokey Paparika Hollandaise served with Maine Potato Hash, Finally Nice to see the sun out, here is what we got going on for your tasting pleasure.
Smoked Beef Belly with Heaven Haven Farms Brocoli Rabe "Slaw" and Grafton Farms Aged cheddar

Clark Farm's Strawberry and Vanilla Pudding

Maine Mussels with Canaan Farm Spring Garlic Pesto

We got some tastey Baby Turnips from Maitland Farms, Well turned out to be another wet and gray day but on the bright spot, the Salem Farmers Market kicked off the season today with a bounty of delicious looking vegetables, Picked up a bunch of stuff like Purslane, garlic scapes, brocoli rabe, and strawberries to name a few inspiring items. will let you know what we come up with, until then stay hungry, Fish o' the day is some great looking better tasting Hake

Mussel from the wild waters of Maine with Canaan Farms Spring Garlic, Smokehouse Andouille sausage, Local beer, with grilled bread

Tongue Tacos are back- House cured and smoked beef tongue with  marinated cabbage slaw, house pickled spicy peppers, mayo on corn tortillas

Taza Chocolate Dessert Du' Jour- Dark Chocolate "Soup" with house made Angels Food Cake and Wilson's Farm Rhubarb Coulis, Nice and Filling Maine Potato and Spring Garlic Soup (from Canaan Farms), 
Farmers Market Starts this Thursday, can't wait to see whats there, null, null, Looks gnarly outside, nothing like gray skies and a humid chill to invigorate ones appetite. come in satisfy it with one or more of our fine and delisiouc offerings
Cream of Local Asparagus Soup
Maine Mussels: beer steamed with homemade Ramp kimchi and house made chorizo
Angel Food Cake with Rhubarb Coulis and fresh Puleo's whip cream, Here what's going on here
Cream of Local Asparagus soup
Wild Maine Mussel Fritter and Greens
Asparagus Quiche with Vermont Grana

New in Cans Green Head IPA from Newburyport Brewing, Mothership has connected...with some tastey bacon, Some of what we are cooking with

Grilled Local Asparagus from Wilsons Farm with Beurre Noir Sauce
SK Smoked Salmon Lox Wrap: Mixed Greens, shaved red onion, pickled cucumber, fresh tomato, herb-caper cream cheese schmear.
R.I. Salami Panini: Danielle's Sopresetta Salami, Aged Grafton Farms Cheddar, Marinated Peppers, Spicy House Mustard, pressed on a Brioche roll, Congratulations Graduates of Salem State University, come celebrate with some bacon., Smoked Red Fish Salad Wrap: house smoked red fish, tomatoes, red onions, scallions, cilantro pesto with mixed greens, pickled cucumber, whipped caper cream cheese., Along with making some Tastey Bacon here is what we have going on.
 Bloody Mary Tomato soup with a Horseradish-Black Pepper Cream

Smoked Duck Taco with Ramp Kimchi: house cured and smoked duck breast with homemade Ramp kimchi, shaved red onion, pickled carrots, toasted sesame seeds, sesame oil drizzle

Scratch Quiche (can be for real men too): Simple Quiche of Sk Ham, onions, spinach, and Boggy Meadow Farms Swiss, bake in a tender Crust with a petite mix green salad and toast., null, null, From us at Scratch  to all the mothers out there...Happy Mothers Day Mom your the Best., null, Here are some of the Specials we are working on for Mothers Day
SK Smoked Salmon Benedict: House Cured and Cold Smoked Salmon over a freshly made "English Muffin" 

Quiche and Greens: Ham and Swiss quiche featuring house smoked ham, Boggy Meadow Farms Swiss, herb pesto, with home made toast and Petite salad., Hope all the Farms in the Area are enjoying this precipitace weather pattern. Unless your made of brown sugar put your slicker on and enjoy a warming cup of "Bloody Mary" Soup: A roasted tomato soup with the influence of a good Bloody Mary, we even tipped in some Vodka to Authenticate it.  Pair it with a BBQ Beef Belly Grilled Cheese: House cured and Smoked Small farm Beef Belly Griddled on our Homemade Sourdough White with Charred Onion Relish, Grafton Farms 2yr Aged cheddar and a squirt of BBQ sauce., Another Great Wednesday had by all as the Salem Old Time Jam Friends whiled away the evening with their toe tapping tunes. Good Music does make good food taste better, null, Grey and raining outside got you feeling not so sunny, We have found that Bacon makes you feel Bright and Happy on the inside. so came on in and get some happy in you :), Beautiful out today, we are doing our thing here, feeding the hungry and cooking up some tastey grub such as Spring Carrot Soup with a Ginger Syrup Drizzle, Beer Belly Ruebens, Bacon Dusted Fries, Brewing Homemade Ice Tea and making Lemonade from Scratch., Hellooo happy Saturday, just remembered the Scratch Kitchen will be in a segment on the Chef's  Plate at 3:00 pm today.  catch it if you can. it on wbin out of N.H., Getting ready for the weekend by filling your belly with some of our Beef Belly, BBQ Beef Belly Sandwich: House Cured and Smoked Natural Beef Navel, with Sauteed Onoins and Grafton Farms Aged Cheddar cheese with SK BBQ sauce on a toasted roll., Enjoy a nice refreshing Spring Carrot Soup with a Ginger Syrup Drizzle, on a Nice looking Thursday, Or a Bowl Of Beer Steamy Maine Mussels with Charred Ramps, or a Fresh from Gloucester Fish Taco., null, Reminder Tuesday is Kids nights, which means Parents get the night off from cooking, kids dine on us, come in a relax (or at least try) as we take care of you and the little ones., Happy Tuesday, lovely day outside. Perfect day for a handmade Sandwich,, Happy Saturday...Hope everyone is having a pleasant Day...A recap of what we have going on:
English Pea Soup with a Black Pepper and Truffle Chantilly
Pressed Salami Sandwich featuring Salami from Danielle's of Rhode Island
Local Tuna Poached in Olive Oil and prepared with a Provencal Olive Relish
Smoked Tongue Tacos
Sauteed Fiddlehead Ferns with Herb Pesto
Wild Mussels from Maine with Charred Ramps and Local Beer with our own Bacon, It's looking like the makings of a great day. Come grab a sandwich and find a good spot to enjoy the day., Smoked Tongue Taco...tasty 
English Pea Soup...Light and delicious
Beer Belly Reuben...speechlessly good
Notch I.P.A. on Draught...the best
Taza Chocolate Brownie Sunday...perfect ending
Atomic Coffee...no better bean out there
Bacon...Wicked Good, Got a bone to pick...Need a bone to pick...Try a this "Pastrami" Styled Smoked Beef Ribs: a pair of house cured and pepper smoked beef ribs with  spicy mustard and Cool Coleslaw.  We also Got Wild Maine mussels with local beer, charred Ramps, and SK Bacon., Happy Tuesday, Soup is an English Pea with a Black Pepper and Truffle Chantilly, As we are dog lovers and we see many of the canine types being walked by with hunger in their eyes as their noses pick up on the Aroma of Bacon being cooked, we are giving a  try on some dog friendly eats, stay tuned, We got a new batch of soup for your consumption English Pea with a Black Pepper and Truffle Chantilly (thats fancy food talk for unsweetened whipped cream), we also got a Pork Scrapple and Egg Sandwich for you to enjoy., Scratch Kitchen and its staff hopes that everyone stays safe and sound in these current troubling times and take solace in the strength and comfort that a strong community, with friends and family can bring to ones life. If you happen to be out stop on in and let us take care of you, it may be simple fare but a meal shared with good friends and loving family could be just the thing to brightens one day, even for just a little bit., Fresh Batch of Rhubarb and Pink Muscat Grape Crisp, We Just tapped one of the best IPA's we have ever tried, Notch's Left of the Dial IPA. its outstanding, balanced and extremely drinkable. and will go great with any of the following-Pressed Local Salami sandwich, Lobster infused Tomato Bisque, Scrapple and Egg Sandwich, Fresh Peas, Smoked Red Fish Salad.

You know You want It, You Know we got It, so Come and get It before the others Do, Rain Rain Go Away. Come Back Later. Like when we're in bed and don't have to go out and do something, like get a sandwich and some bacon fries, possibly a local brew too. but come back later and wet the fields so the veggies can grow., New Whim A Lobster infused Roasted Tomato Bisque with Spring Garlic and house croutons, Fresh Out of the Smoker Gulf of Maine Red Fish Salad-Smoked red fish, Tender Spring Green Garlic, Lemon and Sea Salt over a bed of mixed greens, with toast and SK Mayo., Big flavors can come from Little States as is shown in our "Little Rhodie" Sandwich, Featuring Sopressata Salami from Daniele's (a three generation family owned company that uses local ingredients for its products), and Narragansett Mozzarella with homemade Rhode Island style hot peppers a  tomato compote and SK mayo pressed and roll, yum., Check it out we want to slip you some tongue, some Scratch Cured and Smoked Beef Tongue served taco style on corn tortillas with a cabbage slaw and homemade pickled peppers., we're cookin, you're eatin' life is good, Just got in some first of the season Ramps, one of springs finest eating pleasures, they will Be Featured with Wild Maine Mussels with Charred Ramps and Local Beer. yum, We just finished the Final Touches on a new batch of our Sauerkraut which means Ruebens are back come down a try one of these great sandwiches with Pork Belly, Smoked Brisket, Hope everyone had a Pleasant Easter, we are back at work playing with your food here is what we got going so far: Cream of English Pea Soup, Shredded Smoked Beef Shank Sandwich with BBQ sauce grilled onions, Vt. Cheddar and house pickled hot peppers. Lamb "Dip" Slow Roasted Lamb Leg Shaved Thin with Valley View Feta, Crushed Peas, Minty Gremolata and a Lamb Jus for dipping. Smoked Lobster Rangoos with sweet sour sauce. enjoy, Getting Ready For Easter Brunch, Slow Roasted Lamb Dip Sandwich, Cream of Spring English Pea Bisque, Smoked Salmon Benedict, Smoked Native Lobster Rangoons,, Howdy All, getting ready for Easter Lamb Leg from White Clover Farm is marinating.But in the meantime Have a Bowl of Spring Veg Stew, Chili cheese fries, Spicy BBQ Beef Sandwich, O r a nice salad with Maitland Farms greens., Keep Food Real, , It may be snowing outside, but technically SPRING is HERE so celebrate by checking out our special offers on our Bizulu page!

They are available all afternoon!, Vegetable and Herb Stew (vegan friendly)
Pressed Corned Beef Panini (not vegan friendly)
Green chilli and Fries
The "Meat Sweats" Burger
The "Raquel" Sandwich: Coleslaw, Thousand Island, Swiss Cheese choice of meat Turkey, SK Corned Beef, Smoked Brisket, Beer Belly, go veggy with Beets, Love Scratch Kitchen? Get $3 right here, right now from LevelUp. Click here to grab it now: https://www.thelevelup.com/c/3X798F, Come in and see if you can handle the "Meat Sweats" Burger. Don't be intimidated just be hungry.
New Soup is a Spring Vegetable Stew ( spring parsnips, baby turnips, carrots, new potatoes,and  herbs), The Meat "Sweats", Yeah it's Snowing Again...Don't let e few frozen ice crystals stop you from enjoying a delicious lunch. Try a Scratch Kitchen Raquel Sandwich: Toasted Rye Bread, Coleslaw, Boggy Meadow Swiss, 1,000 Island dressing, with choice of meat Corned Beef, Smoked Brisket, Turkey. or go big with The Meat "Sweats" its were we take a Grass Fed Beef Burger and top with Corned Beef, SK Bacon, Pulled Pork, and Ham with Vt. Cheddar. if you have room get some Chili Cheese Fries or Start with some Wellfleet Oysters, Enjoy a Pint with Scratchie, null, Happy St Patty's Day Eve, Come get your Irish on here with Scratch Kitchen Boiled Dinner Plate: Housed Corned Brisket and Cabbage with vegetable simmered in a beer broth with SK Soda Bread. get with the green with Green Chili and Cheese Fries. Have A Guinness as you slurp down some Wellfleet Oysters., How about one of these in your Belly
Heritage Pork Green Chili Pizza
Pork Belly Rueben
Cream of Tomato Soup with Homemade Croutons and Vt. Grana cheese
Spicy Beef Shank on a Baquette
Chorizo "Burger" and Peppers, Tuesday, kids night kids eat free parents don't have to cook..., It's Saturday, It's Sunny, get out enjoy the day and don't forget to eat a hearty lunch. Might we suggest a bowl of Creamy Tomato Soup with Blythsdale Farm Grana Cheese. You Like Spicy we got Spicy..Spicy Beef Sandwich Smokey Corned grass fed Beef Shank hand pulled and griddled with onions and spicy pickled peppers on a Baguette, just to name of few things we are playing with, We are open cooking up a Storm. 
Cream Of Tomato Soup 
Chorizo "Buirger" with peppers and onions
Grass Fed Beef Shank Corned ans Smoked
Green Chili Grilled Flatbread "Pizza", All day today, Scratch Kitchen is offering more than 50% off of gift cards on our Bizulu page! 

Take a look at our page, sign-up for Bizulu, purchase yourself a gift card, and COME ON IN for some delicious food!

http://www.bizulu.com/scratchkitchen, Ditch your wallet and pay with your phone at Scratch Kitchen! Get $3 the first time you pay here with LevelUp: https://www.thelevelup.com/c/3X798F, Hello and Good Day, here is what's cooking. Kale Chickpea and Vegetable soup. Pork Belly Rueben, Check This Out Pulled Smokey Corned Beef with Charred Onion Relish on Rye with SK Mustard. Grilled Cheese Special With a Sweet Ham Jam with VT> Cheddar and Monty Jack., In Like A Lion is March,  Spring is Almost Here get in the Mood with Mayflowers Spring Hop Ale, and you ask what to have with such a beer, try a Lobster Rueben Pizza, A Grilled Flatbread Pizza with SK Bacon Sauerkraut, Boggy Swiss Cheese, Smoked Native Lobster, and Thousand Island Drizzle. or some Duck Confit Rangoons., It's Back Pork Belly Reubens, Featuring Beer Braised Pork Belly with our Homemade Sauerkraut and Thousand Island Sauce with Boggy Meadow's Swiss Cheese on Scratchmade Rye.  yum, http://www.bizulu.com/scratchkitchen, Howdy welcome to Dejavu Wednesday, we are doing Tuesday all over again, for 
Kale Soup with Chick Peas and Vegetable
Beer Braised Beef Shank Stew with fried mash potatoes
Grilled Flatbread "Pizzas" with smoked Duck or Smoked Lobster, Tuesday Night Kids, Kale Soup with Chick Peas and Vegetable
Beer Braised Beef Shank Stew with fried mash potatoes
Grilled Flatbread "Pizzas" with smoked Duck or Smoked Lobster, Here's what we got going on, The Soup is a Kale-Chickpea and Vegetable concoction vegan and vegetarian friendly.  We are playing with fire to make some "Pizzas" Grilled Flatbread Pizzas with either Smoked Duck Breast, Or Smoked Native Lobster. crazy good, Here is what we have going on today
Lobster Bisque with Parsnip
Beef Shank and Stout Stew with Fried Mash Poato Balls
Duck Confit Rangoons, with pickled Carrots and Sweet sour sauce
Look at This SK Grilled Flatbread "Pizza", in two styles: 
  Smoked Duck Breast with Smith Farm's Gouda, Onion and Garlic confit, with arugula.     OR   Smoked Native Lobster with Blythsdale Farm Grana, Truffled Gremolata, Onion and Garlic confit, with Lobster cream

on the sweet side Taza Chocolate Semi-Fredo with with Broken Chocolate Chip Cookies and Whipped Cream., Craving Scratch Kitchen? Get $3 off when you pay with your phone. Join LevelUp here: https://www.thelevelup.com/c/3X798F, Check This out to warm you up  Braised Beef Shank and Stout Stew with crisp Potato Balls.  Native Lobster B.L.T., Duck Rangoons, 
Foie Gras Fries, Lobster and Parsnip Bisque., Check This out to warm you up  Braised Beef Shank and Stout Stew with crisp Potato Balls.  Native Lobster B.L.T., Duck Rangoons, 
Foie Gras Fries, Lobster and Parsnip Bisque., Snowy Saturday,  here iare the special Eats
Duck Rangoons-Maple Gastrique
Lobster B.L.T.
Lobster&Parsnip Bisque
Scratchmade HeadCheese and Arugula sandwich, It's Friday, Get your weekend started right with some of our tasty menu additions such as Duck Rangoons, Lobster B.L.T., Scratch Mac with Bacon and Lobster for dinner as well as Beef Shank and Stout Stew.  Headcheese on a baguette with arugula and pickled onions. check it out with good beer, Happy Valentines Day, If you still haven't made plans or are looking for last minute suggestions here is what we have going on Tonight for you Love Birds. Straight to the indulgence of Scratch Bacon and Lobster Mac'n Cheese a delightful blend of lobster cream and cheese sauce with Fresh and Local Lobster, SK Bacon Baked with Orchietti pasta. For Meatier meals we have Braised Beef Shank and Stout Stew,with crisp potato croquettes, To end the evening on a sweet note try Chocolate Semi-Freddo With Broken Taza Chocolate cookies and fresh cream., Howdy and a pleasant Wednesday to all, we are prepping up for Valentines Day, Looking to do some Baconated-Lobster Mac 'n Cheese, A Beef and Stout Stew, Some chocolate treats of some sort.  Part of Salem's So Sweet we are offering Popcorn with a Bacon-Chocolate-Caramel Drizzle yum..., Hello everyone!

Today we are offering a $25 Scratch Kitchen Gift Card on our Bizulu page for only $10 (starting bid)! First offer is available at 11:15, followed by 1:15, 2:15, 3:15, etc.

SIGN UP for Bizulu, JOIN the offer before it begins, and COME ON IN for our FAMOUS Scratch Burger with our more than slightly addictive Bacon and Onion Jam, topped with Vermont Chedder Cheese!, null, Tuesday Night Kids Night, 10 and under eat free off the Kids menu when when an accompanying Adult Order $15 or more., Hope everyone is dug out by now. Here is what we gots today, First off Beer Special Cask Conditioned Notch Session Ale Dry hopped with Falconers Flight Hops it's great,goes  good with the Head Cheese salad (Scratch Made Head Cheese, Arugula, Pickled Onion, Toasted Baguette), Spicy Maine Shrimp and Andouille Soup, SK Chorizo "Burger" with Onions, Garlicky Spinach, Jack Cheese, Herb Ranch., Thanks to everyone who made it to the Notch Beer Dinner, we had fun and enjoyed all the great beer especially the Cask., Good Morning We are open for Brunch enjoy a nice sunny day after with a good breakfast of egg and Salems best Bacon.
Also keep in mind onoght we have the Notch Beer Dinner. stay hungry, Howdy All hope everyone has made it through Blizzard Nemo in good order. we are currently waiting on the weather to see at what time we mmight open today. As for tomorrow Sunday brunch we plan on our regulars hours. The Notch Beer dinner will still be a go with on slight name change to "I Survived Nemo Night".  happy shoveling, Due to The recent driving ban by Gov Deval, we will be closing today at 3:00 pm and looking to open Saturday at our regular time or as is appropriate due to the weather. Stay safe, We are open  cooking up survival bacon, and other blizzard fare like Spicy Green Chili, Chorizo "Burger" with garlicky spinach and onions with herb mayo. we got the Hot Cocoa from Taza, Mulled Cider, Local Teas and Atomic Coffee. we are here where are you, Nice and Sunny out today, get out while you can a try a Bowl of our Maine Shrimp and Andouille Soup, or our Homemade Chorizo "Burger" with sauteed onions, garlicky spinach and Jack Cheese.

We still have room for Sundays Beer Dinner with Notch Brewing. Looking for a good time after the storm come relax with food and friends. make reservations at 978-741-2442, Enjoy some Great Beers and Good Food with us as we celebrate Blizzard Bash 2013 at Scratch Kitchen With Notch Brewing. Sit at the Long Table and tell us how you survive the Blizzard of  '13, This just in: you can now pay with your phone at Scratch Kitchen! Grab $3 now to spend when you pay with LevelUp: https://www.thelevelup.com/c/3X798F, Space is filling up, if you like to attend this event and enjoy some good food and some of the best local beer around, call us at 978-741-2442, Howdy and good Tuesday to all, A reminder to the those with young ones tonight is Kids Night, 10 and younger eat for free off of the Kids Menu.  For the Adults we have a Maine Shrimp and Andouille soup with rice serve Spicy or Not, we also got Bacon meatball Parm served a couple of ways., Here is an update for the Whim, it is now a Maine Shrimp and Andouille soup with rice serve either Spicy Or Not, Howdy and hope everyone is having a pleasant Groundhog day, Looks like an early Spring. Here is what we goy for today, Cream of Smoky Tomato soup with crisp Parmesan,  Seared Foie Gras over Fries with Sherry vinegar. Bacon Meatball Parmesan served 3 ways, Bacon Popcorn, scratch ketchup by the jar, null, Happy SUPER BOWL weekend! If you need some good eats this weekend, come on down! 

Scratch lovers can find our exclusive offers all weekend here http://www.bizulu.com/scratchkitchen, null, null, null, What are you doing? we are doing what we do. If your hungry then what we are doing is just for you. so come on down and do it here., Here is what we got going today, The Soup will be a Smokey Cream of Tomato with Crisp Parmesan.  We also Have Meatball Parmesan we take our baconated meatballs and give them a light breading and drop them in the fryer until G.B.D (golden brown and delicious), served as is with tomato sauce and shaved parmesan, or between bread (A&J baguette), or Baked with pasta and sauce., Tonight is our foray into... Parents don't have to cook for the little ones ( a.k.a. Kids Night) After 5pm kids get it for free off of the Kids Menu, as long as they are 10 yrs or younger and the accompanying adult spend $15 or more., Tonight is our foray into... Parents don't have to cook for the little ones ( a.k.a. Kids Night) After 5pm kids get it for free off of the Kids Menu, as long as they are 10 yrs or younger and the accompanying adult spend $15 or more., we are sorry to inform but we will no longer be able to offer delivery. The company that we were working with is no longer in business, we apologize for the inconvenience. we will be looking into offer this again in the future., Warm up today with Chicken "Pot Pie" Soup with broken pie crust. You like Balls...Keep it clean we mean Meatballs..we mean Meatballs with Bacon then we got you covered check out the previous posts and see how we serve them., Attention to those with kids. Starting Tuesday January 28th is Scratch Kids Appreciation Night  (a.k.a. Mom Dad you don't have to cook Night) On Tuesday Those Little Ones 10 yrs and under get their meal on the house (includes 1 meal choice, 1 beverage, and end of meal treat, ice cream or cookie). Here are the rules. two kids per one Adult who orders at least $15 off of regular dining menu. Starts at 5:00 until closing for dining in only., Cold and blustery out there, some what warm and not windy in here. Try a cup or a bowl of some Chicken "Pot Pie" Soup (Aromatic vegetables and roasted mushrooms, combined with roasted Chicken in a rich and delicious stock topped with a flaky pie crust). Or try some Bacon Meatball (Heritage pork and our bacon combined into meatball form) served three ways just balls and sauce, between bread, or baked with pasta. See you if your hungry. or thirsty, get some beer its good for you, At 12:15 this afternoon, we are offering a $25 Gift Card for a starting bid of $8 on our Bizulu page! Check out our page, sign-up, bid, and win! Then come in for a great deal on some great food.

http://www.bizulu.com/scratchkitchen, A Long Table Series of Good Food and Better Beer
Sustenance by Scratch Kitchen/Libation by Notch Brewing
Sunday February 10th 5:30 pm 
$55 per person Excludes Gratuity and Taxes

Don’t Be Shy and Mingle Bites
Everything Pretzel Bites, Mini Toasts, Cheese puffs, Pickles
Dry Hopped Cask Conditioned Saison
First Course 
“Duck Season”
Duck Bouillon
Duck Rillettes “Rangoons”, Charred and Carved Duck Breast, Scallion threads, Crisp Ginger, and Carrot “Buckshot”

Second Course 
Pig O’Plenty
Session Pils
A dish of Three little Pigs
Sk Head Cheese with mustard and crackers, Scrapple with Baby Arugula and Spiced Apple Butter, 
Tempura Fried Bacon with Maple Gastrique and corn griddle cake

Third Course
Roast Leg of Beast
Cerne Pivo  
Slow Roasted Shank of Beef
Served Family Style, Share With your Neighbors, with roasted vegetables, Mashed Maine Potatoes, Rich Stout gravy, 

Last but Not Least
“Milk and Cookies”
Simple Vanilla Panna Cotta with a selection of Homemade cookies

For reservations call 978-741-2442, At 1:00 we are offering a $25 gift card for a starting bid of $10 on our Bizulu page! A great way to prepare for Sunday's Pats game! 

http://www.bizulu.com/scratchkitchen, Cold outside, then warm up on your inside with some Kale and Quinoa soup, or a Hot Meatball Wedge with homemade bacon meatballs, a rich tomato sauce, parmesan cheese, on toasted garlic bread. Perfect day for some good chowder too., Howdy, for today soup we have a Kale and Quinoa vegetable soup to start you off and to end the meal try our Cold King a Peanutbutter Cream Filled Peanutbutter Cookie with Puleo's Banana Ice Cream with Concord Grape coulis and Candied Bacon Bits,, Here is something to think about, the following Sunday after the Super Bowl, February 10th , we are putting on a Super Feast with Notch Beer. more details soon to follow  but I can tell you it will be a night of "Good Food and Better Beer" for $55. space will be limited so make your reservations early,, Just like the Post office, dealing with rain sleet and snow, we are here cooking up something good that will warm you and help you get through the day. Warm up with a Bowl of Chowder, Or bite into the return of our Cuban,, It's a perfect day for something Scratch! We're having a little contest of sorts today to reward YOU for being AWESOME... 

Check out our bizulu page before 12:30PM, have fun, and good luck! Then come in and see us of course :-) 

http://www.bizulu.com/scratchkitchen, It's Tuesday, we're cooking what are you doing, come try something new. Tongue Taco, Scotch Egg, Foie Gras Fries, Bacon Popcorn you'll be happy you did, It's Friday here is what we got
Scratch Onion Soup (it's like French onion soup only better)
Scotch Eggs and greens
"Kitchen Sink" Chili with sour cream and cheddar straw
Bacon Popcorn
Smoked Tongue Taco
Ruebens, Howdy and a pleasant Thursday to all, we have for palate pleasing pleasure Our rendition of French Onion Soup Featuring slow cooked onions in a rich broth with Torched Boggy Meadow Farms Swiss cheese.  We also Have on hand Scotch Eggs (Hard cooked eggs wrapped in sausage and lightly breaded and fried...so good) paired with a small salad. eat fresh eat local, Here is something to dream about. you have heard of Scotch Eggs well we Made Scratch Eggs, or as we call it Eggs in Bacon, we took a hard cooked egg and tucked it into not just any kind of sausage but a hand made pork sausage infiltrated with our own Bacon, gave a light coat of breading a short trip in the hot oil and viola we got some good times. Paired with some greens It'll make a good lunch. good night, Howdy and happy "Hump Day" Today's soup is Scratch Onion Soup it's like French Onion Soup but only tastier. Feel Like indulging in something too good to be good for you try the Foie Fries, we take some Foie Gras Sear it in a hot pan add splash of Sherry Vinegar and Drizzle it over a pile of our hand cut Maine potato Fries yum., Pleasant looking Saturday, NFL playoffs start today, get your Scratch fix on before the game, with some "Kitchen Sink" Chili, or a Turkey Panini (Slow Cooked turkey, Tomato-Avocado salsa, Scratch Bacon, Monterey Jack Cheese, spinach and 1,000 isl. dressing)., Howdy and happy Friday to all, here are some of what we got to ward of the chill. Homemade Chicken and Herb Noodle Soup, 
Scratch "Kitchen Sink" Spicy Chili, 
Ruebens with choice of meat (Chicken, Ham, Brisket)
Fish Today for our Taco is Haddock, We're Baaack....We thank you for your patience and understanding has we spent time with our families. We are back and ready to serve you. to combat the cold we have a homemade Chicken and Noodle Soup., Hope everyone has a happy and healthy New Year, We have enjoyed our time off, but are eager to get back to what makes us happy and that is playing with your food. we open tomorrow the 3rd and resume our regularly scheduled good eats. stay warm and see you soon, we are enjoying our holidays, hope everyone is doing the same, see you all soon, Perfect day out there for the end of the world. go out in style with a belly full Scratch Kitchen. Only three days before we go on vacation. things to try Chicken noodle soup, Smoked Tongue Taco, Braised beer Belly (its a yummy tummy), Friendly Reminder, Sunday Brunch is the last chance to eat some Scratch until next Year., Come in and enjoy Kenny Selcer and Band as they play tonight. This will be Scratch's final music night until Spring has Sprung. so if you you like toe tapping good tune and mouth pleasing good food, this is the place to be, Looking for a Rueben to munch on, we got three of them: Scratch Ham, Cider Braised Turkey, and our Cured and Smoked Brisket all ruebenated with bacon braised sauerkraut, Boggy Meadow Swiss cheese, and homemdae 1,000 island dressing. mmm sounds good, First Of many reminders that Scratch Kitchen will be closed for the holidays from 12/24 thru to 1/3. We will celebrating and reuniting with Family and friends. We thank and appreciate your understanding and apologies for any inconveinence but look forward to seeing you when we return refreshed and excited for the New Year. Merry Christmas and Happy New Year, Howdy here is what's cooking. Homemade chicken noodle soup. Try our Yummy Tummy beer braised pork tummy sandwichfied for a good time, Howdy happy Saturday here's what we are cooking up. Spicy Beef goulash. Scratch kitchen sink chili cheese burger. As you do your shoppin don't forget to fed yourself some homemade grub.  And while your here pick up a gift card and spread the cheer of good eats., Mmm Belly is back. Fresh out of a warm beer spa treatment mouth watering deliciousness waiting for you, Here are some slogans we are testing. "Come to Scratch we're pulling your pork". "We're makin' the Bac'n". "We are nuts about smoking butts". "Why cook when you can eat our meat". "Here at Scratch we pull our pork" "We think smokin your meat is neat" "Who smoked your Bacon", Fish of the day is Pollack, a relative to cod and haddock. similar in texture to haddock with a pleasant mild flavor.  Try it in our fishtaco and you'll be one happy camper., Days like today are perfect for hot food at Scratch Kitchen!

Check out our Bizulu auction where you can get a $25 gift certificate for an $8 starting bid (or $15 buy-now). Auction begins at 11:30 and lasts 5 minutes. Don't miss out on this great deal, and head on in for a fantastic lunch!

http://www.bizulu.com/scratchkitchen, It's a lovely dreary Saturday, let us brighten your day with some delicious Grub. Try a "Ham and Cheese" croissant panini featuring Scratch made Honyied Ham Jam, "Beer Cheez Whiz" spread, with sauteed spinach and onion it's ghetto good. Warm up with some of our famous Clam Chowder. Bowl of Wally's Farm Bisque, Kitchen Sink Chili Cheese Burger. or maybe just a salad, Give the gift of Scratch and spread the word of fine crafted sandwiches and other unique tummy treats by spreading Holiday Cheer with Scratch Gift Cards, It's a good day for our Pulled Pork sandwich! Enter our Bizulu live auction before 12:35PM and win a $25 deal for $8 starting bid! 

www.bizulu.com/scratchkitchen, Thursday night pub grub. Scratch bacon nachos. BBQ turkey quesadilla. Homemade soft pretzel knots with yellow mustard. Scratch Kitchen sink chili cheese fries. Yum, You like tea we got great teas, make it tea time any time with fresh organic teas from Local Tea Lady Angie Adams of Apothocaring. We have terrific herbal blends to ward off winters chill and a couple great black teas to perk you up. try the teas they're even better with a cookie: Taza chocolate chip, Oatmeal-cranberry, Ginger Snap., Howdy, good Thursday to all. Wally's Farm Butternut Squash Bisque with spiced seeds will warm you up, Or come in and try a Scratch Kitchen Sink Chili Cheese Burger, Our Grass Fed Burger topped with our kitchen sink Chili and V.t cheddar cheese., null, Lookin like a nice day to strech your legs and go for a walk, especially if that walk takes you to Scratch Kitchen. free your self from your desk and park yourself here for some delicious fare. Hummus and veggie sandwich, Beef Shepards pie, Pumpkin Bisque, Scratch smoked Ham Rueben., Wally's Farm Squash Bisque with toasted pumpkin seeds. Scratch Made Hummus and veg on toast.  Beef Shepards pie with fall root vegetables., Tuesday got you feeling ho hum, grey skies got you glum come down to Scratch and put some yum in you tum., Pick out something tasty from our menu  http://bit.ly/VqSEWn, THEN go to our Bizulu page and WIN a $25 certificate for $8 (starting bid)! www.bizulu.com/scratchkitchen, Howdy it's snowing, yeah.Looks nice as long as the shovels aren't needed. Here is what we are playing with today, New Batch Of Whim, Wally's Farm Squash Bisque with fall spiced pumpkin seed. We also have some of our Kitchen Sink Chili, full of pep and spicy to ward of the chill, Its Friday, so we will fry today, Fish that is, come on in for a tastey Fried Fish treat, put it on a Toasted bun with lettuce and tomato with a dollop of homemade tartar sauce. or go big on a plate with fries and pickles and coleslaw and yum., Come on in for music and food tonight as we enjoy the company of Brendan Ahern to while away the hours of the evening over some good food and drink. Tonights Nachoes will feature a Rarebit cheese and Bacon sauce (that beer and cheese melted into a lovely rich cheese concoction studded with Scratch Bacon), Topped with a hearty dollop of sour cream, tomato-avosalsa and pickled onions, null, Howdy ho neighbors, looking for some healthier eats, try this sandwich: Zesty Chickpea Hummus and Veggie: scratch made hummus, pickles cukes and onions, carrot threads, spinach, roasted olives, yum., Howdy ho neighbors, looking for some healthier eats, try this sandwich: Zesty Chickpea Hummus and Veggie: scratch made hummus, pickles cukes and onions, carrot threads, spinach, roasted olives, yum., Tonight special Fried Local Fish, fresh local todays catch dipped in a light beer batter served either as a sandwich: lettuce, tomatoes tartar sauce on a toasted roll,  or a dinner plate with spinach and fries and tartar sauce., The cold is coming, warm yourself with a cup of coffee, and not just any coffee but coffee from Atomic Cafe of Beverly were they roast in small batches to order to keep the coffee at its best. So come on in and warm youself with some good local coffee flavored coffee. You like flavors in your coffee we can do that to try one of our New Homemade Coffee Syrups: Vanilla, Caramel, Chocolate, or Fall Spiced., What a lovely day out today is, if you like grey skies, damp weather, chilled bones and wet flurries. We have some good stuff to pair with a day like today. Beef and Red Wine Stew, Seafood "Gumbo-laya", Hot Turkey Rueben with bacon braised saurkraut. Come on in a warm yourself from the inside out, It's Small Business Saturday, and we happen to be a Small Business, come on in and help support us support small farms. Stop by and get a gift card for family and friends, share the Scratch., New Pudding Flavor: Taza's Chocolate and Guajillo Chile, sweet and spicy Puddin', Howdy hope everyone had a great T-Day. If you are out fighting the crowds on this Black Friday don't forget to nourish yourself, we have a Day After T-Day Wrap: Cider braised turkey, local gouda, mixed greens, Cranberry Compote, Bacon Dressing, Giblet gravy, rolled and lightly pressed. For those who had more turkey than they care to remember try the Grilled Steak Tip and Fall Veg Stew: Grilled Steak tips, farmers market fall veggies simmered in a red wine sauce with a toasted baguette., F.Y.I. we will be closed tomorrow as we spend time with our friends and family to eat turkey and too much pie and doing our best to stay awake for the Patriots game.  Hope everyones Thanksgiving goes well see you Friday, with "Day After T-Day Burritos", Happy Thanksgiving day eve, the latest batch of soup is a :
"Gumbo-laya" it is what happens when a Gumbo and a Jambalaya get to know each other settle down and make whooppie, It's got Maine Shrimp and mussels with andouille sausage in a spicy bold broth base with rice.  we aso have steak tips, ham rueben, Chicken Liver and onion. Come on in and get some., Remember Thurday Night is Nacho Night, Scratch Nachos: House fried chips, melted cheeses, Scratch Bacon, Pickled Jalapenos, Sour Cream, Tomato-Avocado Salsa, good with Beer better with Friends, You like some good soul reviving rythym and rock, come check out Elijah Clark tonight 7-10 pm You'll be Happy you Did, F.Y.I. Starting Next week we will be offering delivery, We have Partnered with Premire Delivery services which will allow us to deliver to those living in Salem. Now the fine print, Delivery will be available after 4:00 pm, with a $15.00 minimum and a $3.00 delivery fee. That doesn't mean we want you stop coming in and let us know what is going on, but we know how things can be, like it's rainy, it's snow, I am in my pajamas we get it and now you can get it at home. Enjoy, dull grey sky got you bummed, come on in and let us perk you up... Baked Potato Soup is sure to warm you up, Try our new to you marinated Steak Tip Sandwich (grilled small farm beef in our secret marinade with aged provolone cheese, and peppers and onions on a A&J King Baguette),, A cold day like today was ment for soup and a sandwich, come on in and warm up with on of our bowls of warmth, Old Timey Clam Chowder, Hubbard Squash and Beer Soup, or a Baked Maine Potato soup with loaded sour cream., Howdy, Soup is a Blue Hubbard Squash soup with a Beer Caramel Drizzle. Aged Steak Sandwich with pepper and onions, provolone, on a toasted baguette., It's a pleasasnt looking Saturday, good day to be out and about getting stuff done. Don't forget to keep your strength up by stopping in and getting a fortifying lunch. try the new Aged Pepper Steak: Aged Beef Seared and Carved served with pepperes and onion, melted provalone cheese, with a roasted Garlic mayo. Or a bowl of Blue Hubbard Squash and Beer soup with sticky gingered sunflower seeds., Happy Friday, about time we see the sun. Here is whats going on today: Mother Hubbard's Beer and Pumkin soup with sticky sunflower seeds, Between bread we have a Chopped Liver and Onion thing going on ( Chicken liver pate, sherried onions, pickled cukes, L&T, on toast. Don't forget Restaurant Week we got tonight and tomorrow night then menu changes for next week. Bacon Popcorn yum, Who Likes Nacho's Come on in tonight as we start playing around with crisp chips, melted cheese, bacon bits, and stuff. I sure it'll be good and better with beer., It may be windy, It may be rainy, It may be chilly, but at Scratch its always tasty. Bacon Popcorn, Bean Burgers, Mulled Cider, Puleo's Egg Nog Lattes, Shuan England providing some terrific Music.  Go ahead brave the weather it's worth it., Howdy ho neighbor, We got music tonight don't you know, Menu is uo and running back to "normal", The current Batch of Whim is Mother Hubbards Pumpkin and Beer soup: Roasted Blue Hubbard squash blended with local beer and a touch of butter finished with some sticky sunflower seeds ( sunflower seeds in a ginger syrup)., null, Its Lookin mighty cold out there, warm up with a cup with a chowder or a bowl of our whim which is a Beer and Pumpkin soup with sticky seeds., Made it through another October and Halloween, looking forward to getting back to a normal routine, Fall Menu is in the works will be ready next week, also next week we will be participating in restaurant week with a $15 dollar two course menu. In the Meantime we are cooking up Pretzel knots with a mustard sauce, BBQ Brisket Dip, Pork Belly Sandwich, And Scratch Made Chilli. Stay Classy Salem, Howdy Ho Neighbors just letting you know if you are not here then your missing out on some seriously great tunes by the one and only Dingy Fingus. come on down don't be afraid stuff some grub in your maw and fill your head with music and enjoy., HAPPY HALLOWEEN!!! Hope everyone has a safe and fun filled day. If you a daring enough to venture into town and enjoy the festivities stop on in and get some Bacon sustenance to help fight the crowds, wash it down with any one of our fine cold libations. If you get chilly our Taza hot chocolate and Brooksby Farms Mulled cider will warm you up. New to you Pretzel Knots try em., Hope everyone faired well enough through the storm. We are open today, makin bacon and getting ready for the Halloween activities. come on in let us know you made it through Sandy . let the smells of cooking bacon cheer you up, Enjoy a fine local catch and try the Fresh from Gloucester Pollack fish Taco's. If your a fan of the fin you might like the Smoked Bluefish Sandwich with a olive relish, mixed green and pickled red onion. we also got bacon o'plenty, If you haven't tried the bacon popcorn yet your just not trying, it's worth the traffic and parking hassles., Check out the Rockin Good Tunes of the Dave Bailin Duo featuring Scotty Holden, Let your jaws get in sync with the grooves as you munch on some tastey grub. Slip your lips around a tongue taco or smack'm to a pork belly sandwich puttanesca style. cheers, Who Likes Puddin', We just made a batch of Puddin' using Taza's hot chocolate mix, and we thinks it just the bees knees of puddings. Best we tasted today so far today, Tonight is Music Night come on in and tap your toes and fill your souls with good food and music and share a few pints with friends.  Check out Thomas Anderson http://thomasandersonmusic.com/, Got our First case of Motto in and this stuff is great, Sparkeling Green Tea Beverage, it's good for you, and goes great with Bacon. check it out http://www.drinkmotto.com/motto.html, It's Wednesday, it's raining, perfect day for a bowl of hot tummy warming Potato and Leek Soup with a enrichment of sour cream and a drizzle of truffled bacon essence. On another tummy pleasing good note we have teamed up Taza Chocolates out of Sommeville www.tazachocolate.com/. we are CooCoo for Taza CaCao. try our Scratch Made Taza Chocolate Cookie, Or a rich Taza Chocolate Devisl Pound Cake, here are some Scratch Happening: Smoked Brisket Raquel, our house cured and smoked brisket with coleslaw and swiss cheese with a squirt of 1,000 isl dressing on our homemade bread,
 Up for grabs is a Black Bean and Veggie burger, 
and come on in and try the Bacon Dusted Popcorn
The Soups of the Moment is Mother Hubbard's Squash and Local Beer soup,(roasted blue hubbard squash, ipswich ale, a touch of cream yummy), Howdy all, October is here the busses are starting to roll in, we are getting ready for a month of Haunted Happenings, check out our web site for updated menu items http://www.scratchkitchensalem.com/, The busses are coming!! the busses are coming!!, Getting Chilly out there, we got a very nice Chicken and Herb Dumpling soup that will take the chill off, pair it with a Notch Polotmavy beer and  you got yourself a good time., we've got tongue and we are slipping it too you on a taco with pickled hot peppers, and sweet-sour cabbage, yum yum in the tum tum. come on in and bite our tongue..., Howdy Hi and all is well, Here is what we are cooking up at the moment, Yesterday at the market we got some potatoes and leeks from Wally's Farm and today we made soup out those great looking leeks and potatoes, straight forward and simple with this one. next we have a from First Light Farm's "Eggplant Parm" Griddled eggplant, roasted tomato marinara, and fried 'Gansett mozzarella on a A&J baguette. From the Cape Ann we have a Smoked Red Fish Salad on toasted bread with mixed greens and tomatoes. hope your hungry, Starting to feel a chill in the air.  Warm up with a bowl of Roasted Maitland Farms Tomato soup with Fried 'Gansett Mozzarella. Or ham it up with a Panini; Scratch made Ham, Queso Fresco, spinach and Summer Cherry Compote., Well it's looking like a stellar Saturday out there, pair it with some good food, come on in and try the Mushroom "Parm" featuring Shady Oaks roasted oyster mushrooms with fried Naragansett mozzarella, roasted tomato marinara, and fresh spinach. Looking for a excuse oo lick your fingers, try Maitland farms steamed Edamame with a drizzle of E.V.O.O. and a spinkle of sea salt. Thirsty? come see whats new on the beer list., Just got back from the farmers market, can't beat the overwhelming goodness that is there each week. Now we get to enjoy a evening of music of the local variety with open mic night, Hosted be the Famous Dingey Fingus, good food and tunes await. come on in and tap your toes and munch along, null, Well the Kids are heading back to school, now is a good time to get some Scratch and enjoy it at a leisurely pace, no worries about melt downs or his piece is bigger the her piece. Come is have a drink, chow some grub and think how good life can be when some one else has the kiddies (for a brief period at least), null, Howdy ho and a good "hump" day to all. here is what we are playing with for your palate pleasing pleasure. Local Corn Bisque with whipped queso fresco for the whim of it. The tomatoes are a tastey when paired with Wolf Meadow Farms Ricotta cheese, fresh basil, arugula and a Balsamic drizzle all of which is Panini pressed. Scratch Meatloaf is back with a tomato compote and some fresh mozzarella (which we pulled ourselves) with a little help from Narragansett Creamery., Greetings fellow lovers of all things swine and beery.  Today we have a fantastic beer belly sandwich special for ye to dig into.  We start with our famous beer belly, add a bing cherry compote, some queso fresco from neighbors south of the rio grande, a lil chive mayo and finish it off with some fresh arugula.  We also have a nice big ol' chili cheeseburger for yer eatin pleasure and as always we got plenty of beer chillin and on tap.  So come on down and get your eat on and your drank on.  Were open til 9, Well Happy Wednesday to all, How does this tempt you, Chicken Fried Monkfish (from our Cape Ann Connection) Sandwich, with baby arugula, pickled cucumbers and summer corn tartar sauce. If that's not meaty enough for you try a Scratch Chili 'N Cheese Burger, We take our already delisiouc burger and top it with some of our scratch made Chili and finish it with Vt. Cheddar. it's sloppy good, Another Scorcher today folks, but look on the bright side...In two months we'll be shovelling.  Anyhoo, come on down and check out a couple of specials we have for your eating pleasure.  First up we have a Pork Belly with a Bing cherry compote, queso fresco, chive mayo and arugula on your choice of bread.  Next, we have a  Locally Caught Smoked Whiting with a small salad, toast points, pickled red onion and corn salsa, Howdy and Good Day, a couple of things we are playing with, from Cape Ann we have some Beautiful Whiting served Fried over a bed of greens with a summer corn Relish and tartar sauce.  Like Deviled eggs we got Spicy Deviled Duck eggs, thats right Duck, Howdy Good Saturday to all, here is what we are up to. We made and smoked our own Mozzarella with Curds from Narragansett Creamery, paired with pressed with fresh tomatoes and herb pesto for a gooey panini.  From The Cape Ann Fresh Catch "Fish and Chips" smoked some Acadian Red Fish, with grilled corn relish, spicy tomato coulis, and house fried tortilla chips.  for liquid nourishment we have a Cream of Broccoli from Wally's farm and Crisp Vt. Cheddar.  plus we got beer and bacon to boot, The Scratch Kitchen forecast is another wonderful day on planet Earth.  Why so wonderful you ask?  Cause we make our own bacon and put it on sandwiches for you to enjoy, that's why.  We also painstakingly put together a beer list that even the most discerning beer quaffers could enjoy.  We're open til' 9., Buenos Dias, Guten tag, Buongiorno, καλημέρα, and good morning.  We have a Beer Belly Reuben today, with Boggy Meadows swiss cheese, homemade Sauerkraut and 1000 island dressing on toasted rye bread.  Luckily it goes great with beer., Today is a great day to enjoy a nice cold beverage, which we have a large selection to choose from. And while your here chack out the White Bean Tortilla Soup, Pork Belly Rueben, Smoked Hake Salad and chips, Roasted Cape Ann Monkfish Sandwich., Howdy Happy Fourth to All. If you ned some last minute eats for your festivities, we got you covered on the takeout, call in your order and pick it up on your way to the party. We got Half and Full smoked bbq chickens to go with pickles and slaw. be the cool guy showing up with a bag full b.l.t.'s and some chips and dip.  and a reminder we are closing early at 3:30 to go have some fun our selves. have a good day, F.Y.I. and a Heads Up, Scratch will be CLOSING early tomorrow July 4th at 3:30 pm to enjoy the evening festivities with family and friends. So make sure to get in early to get your Scratch Fix fixed.Have a happy and safe Fourth, we will resume our regualary scheduled bacon makin' hours on the Fifth., Howdy, Here is some tastey goodness to sink your teeth into, we have Smoked BBQ chicken offered by the Quater, Half or Whole Bird with pickles and our Simple is Better Cole Slaw, the whim it's a Spicy White bean Tortillia soup, WE have a wonderfull Monk Fish from the Cape Ann Fresh Catch on a baguette with roasted olives, mixed greens, tomatoes, lemon caper mayo.  plus we have both B vitamins Beer and Bacon, Howdy, Bacon, Some Specials, Sweet Potato steak Fries, Bacon, Roasted Monkfish from CApe Ann Fresh Catch on a baguette with roasted olives, tomatoes, fresh greens, sauteed onion and a lemon-chive mayo. Bacon. White been and vegatable soup. Bacon. BAcon. Bacon. Bacon., Looking to be heard, tonight is open mic night, come on in and let us hear it, Here you go for a tempting dinner addition, 'Gansett Porter Fried Hake 'n Chips with wilted greens and our homemade tartar sauce., Howdy, a couple of specials for you to try, first up is the Cape Ann Fresh Catch B.L.T. : A Lightly crusted fried Hake set on our already infamous B.L.T. . Second our a new Favorite Misty Knoll Chip 'n Club: Herb Roasted Misty Knoll Turkey Breast hand carved and presented club style but instead of a bready middle we stuff it with our hand made kettle chips for a good crunch factor, brings back some childhood memories., Happy Sunday, And a good looking day it is, the only thing that would make it better is some Brunch at Scratch to give you the fortification to enjoy the day to its fullest. Try the Fried Hake and caper Hash, or a portion of Ratatouille Quiche with our house made and smoked mozzarella. Need a kick in the taste buds try the Too Spicy for You Chili a blend of vegetables and our various meats blended with some spicy chili's., Remember if you like it from scratch, this is the place to be tonight,with scratch music from Ryan Fitzsimmons and scratch eats by us. So come on down and sweat it out with a cold beer and some hot original tunes., How's this for a sandwich : Misty Knoll Turkey Kettle Chip "Club"- Herb roasted Misty Knoll Turkey breast, hand carved, Scratch Made bacon, House made maine potato chip middle, fresh tomato, iceberg lettuce, pesto mayo. sound good, stop by for lunch and let us know. it the club with the crunch, Hot enough for you, too hot to cook? let us do the cooking while you relax and enjoy a cold beverage.  or take it togo and grab a beach seat., Howdy remember to Eat Bacon and Drink Beer, It'll make you happy, Howdy All out and about today stop on by and share a plate of Smoked Porgy Fritters you'll have fun dunkin' them into our homemade tartart sauce. Like Fresh Fish, can't get any fresher or more local than with some Grey Sole caught by the Catarina G. out of Gloucester., What a stunner of a day!  Sunshine, blue skies and a nice breeze.  All in all an excellent day to come in and enjoy a locally caught Fried Grey Sole sammich with lettuce, tomato and pickled onion.  MMMMMMMMMMMM MMMMMMMMMM that's a humdinger of a sandwich., Less than 24 hours and the Farmers market is back, can't wait to see what we can cook up, it's been too long a wait., Howdy and good Sunday to all, for Brunch specials we got a Ratatouille Vegetable Hash, The quiche is Ham and Cheddar with pesto, We got in some tasty local Strawberries grown in Ma. that we are teaming up with some thick greek yogurt yummy,, null, null, Don't Forget It's Scratch Music Thursday, Not only is our food from Scratch, so is the music from Scratch all original no covers.  So come on in and enjoy a fine brew and tatsty treat as you groove to the original sound of Matt McKay, Sun sightings have been reported but not confirmed.  Either way we have some scrumptious seafood specials today!  Smoked Porgy Salad with marinated cukes, fresh tomato and a lemon chile mayo.  Yummo!  If that isn't enough, we have Blackened Cape Shark Tacos with a simple slaw and pickled jalapenos on some corn tortillas.  Come on down and git yer seafood on!, Howdy Hi, a Couple of tasty items from the sea Fresh and Local can't beat it. We have Smoked Porgy (aka Scup) Salad Sandwich:Lemon Herb Mayo, marinated cucumber, fresh tomato and lettuce on toasted bread. Next up is Cape Shark (aka Dogfish): Blackend Shark Taco with a simple slaw, pickled jalapenos, fresh lime on corn tortillias. Remember there many fish in the sea and most are as tastey as can be., What a nice day, The Whim today is a Lightly Creamed English Pea and Pesto soup., Tonight Playing the role of Haddock will be Cod From the Fishing Vessel Miss Sandy brought to us by the fine folks of Cape Ann Fresh Catch., Howdy all, just a reminder That tonight is the last Thursday of May and That means it's last Thurday Open Mic Night tonight, our food is from scratch and so is our music come on down and hear the best original tunes in town., Woooweee it sure is hot out there!  It's a good thing we stocked the beer.  Come on in and get yourself a cool one and a sandwich.  We're open til 9., Happy Memorial Day Weekend to all!  For those of you who are sticking around, we have some EXCELLENT specials for you to try.  Our Cape Ann Fresh Catch of the day is a grilled whole porgy with sweet potato fries and a peperonata.  The whim is kitchen sink chili.  Finally, we are kicking it old skool and bringing back classic vanilla pudding.  If that ain't enough, we also happen to have BEER, lots and lots of ice cold, thirst quenching, refreshing beer., Howdy, we are getting all techie over here at Scratch, Today we go live with TheLevelUp, a simple app that lets you pay through your smart phone., Howdy Happy Gloomy Tuesday, Try some of our Kitchen Sink Chili to knock the chill of, it'll warm your insides.  If you like dipping try the Smoked Tongue "Rueben" Quesadillas with a Thousand Island dipping sauce., Thanks to all who have supported us over our first year. Special thank you to those able to attend the pig picking party. We could not be here with out your support and patronage. Thank you and see you soon, Howdy all, Lovely Friday so far, We got a nice batch of Black Back Flounder in from Cape Ann Fresh Catch prepared A la Plancha (that's fancy restaurant speak for griddled) with a pepperade sauce (stewed peppers, onions, tomatoes with sherry), Ramp-Polenta Fritters and roasted olives, nice and tastey with a crisp Notch Session Ale. only 2 days until piggy time, Tomorrow is Scratch's One Year Day, Don't forget about the Partay on Sunday, If you like pork and Pickin come on down and see if we can pull a delicious pig out of a box. I hear there will be for the kiddies a face painting exdordinare on hand, and remember kids 10 and under are no charge when accompanied by mom or dad.,  Elijah Clark playing tonight for your musical entertainment, Let us feed your body as he feeds your groove thang., Hope you all had a Good Mothers Day, and perhaps caught us on the Phantom Gourmet, Here are some Rainy Day Specials We are enhancing our Phantom Approvd B.L.T. with two Buttermilkried Soft Shell Crabs for $18.00. Also we are sporting some Hake from the Cape Anne Fresh Catch Blackened and served on a roll with tartar sauce, Tomato and lettuce $12.00., Rain Date will be May 27 Sunday 5:00 pm
Scratch Turns One
Come Down and Join the Fun As We Celebrate
With a Pig Pickin’ Birthday Party
Sunday May 20th
Starting at 5:00 until 8:00ish
Advanced Reservation $30.00+tax/Door $35.00+tax
(Kids 10 and Under Free Eats)
Admission covers all Food/ Cash Bar
Music and Fun to be had by all
Featured Eats:
Roasted Whole Pig
Smoked Chicken Wings
Scratch “Kitchen Sink” Chili
Corn Bread
Chips and Dips
Baked Beans
And More.., null, Here are a Couple of Items To temp you For Mothers Day Brunch,
"French Toasted" A&J Croissants with a Key Lime Caramel Sauce, And a Sof Shell Crab Eggs Benedicts with Scratch Bacon and Old Bay Hollandaise. Treat your Mother Good, Bring Her to Where The Good Stuff is., Howdy, here are a couple of special to enjoy while you listen to the David Bailin Duo, The Cape Ann FresCatch Special is Blackend Hake with Sweet potato steak fries with tuscan kale and a Key Lime Glaze. The Kitchens Whim is a Roasted Vegetable Soup with Black Bean Dumplings. Stay Hungry, null, null, For you soda aficionados out there we have a new line of sodas fromMAINE ROOT. Tastes Great with Bacon, Just got some exciting news, as some of you all might know the Phantom Gourmet was in here awhile back having some fun with our bacon, the wait is over.  This Satrday during the 11:00 am airing of the Phantom Gourmet Scratch Kitchen will make its Television debut.  enjoy., The David Bailin Duo playing tonight come get an earfull as your belly gets full, It's raining, it's pouring, how very boring, Beat the boredom with some Scratch cooking, unless your a witch from the Wizad of Oz a little rain shouldn't keep you from a good lunch. And FYI park in the garage guanteed not to get rained on from door to door, Finishing up some details for the Scratch Pig Pickin party, But we are looking at Sunday May 20th starting at 5:00 pm will keep you all posted, For Tuesday, Fried Flounder Sandwich with Ramp "Tartar" sauce on a roll with lettuce and Maine Tomato.  Truffle Herbed Oyster and Guinness Bisque.  Gloomy day like this Bacon always makes it brighter., Its Fish Friday with Cape Anne Fresh Catch supplying some delicious Black Back Flounder which we have paried with a griddled Ramp  Polenta Cake , First of the season Maitland Farm Greens and a Pickled Ramp Pan Sauce.  With the chill in the air warm up with a hot bowl of Local  Oyster and Guinness Bisque., Good Tunes Better Food, Howdy All, For this weeks Cape Anne Fresh Catch Special we have Sauteed Filets of Black Back Flounder with Maitland Farm Greens, a creamy Ramp Polenta Cake, with a Pickled Ramp Pan Sauce., null, null, null, null, null, Hello out there, another pleasantly overcat day, at least it is slightly chilly. Got some new stuff going on today New to us is some sodas from Maine Root wegot Meicane Cola, Sasparilla, and their famous Ginger Brew. For the Beer afficionado a couple Black Board additions Dogfish Head Indian Brown Ale, Clown Shoes Super Hero I.P.A.. Rember Scratch Kithen Salems best choice for a sandwich and a beer, null, Howdy, and a Soggy Tuesday to all, to knock off the chill try a bowl of Local Oyster and Guinness Bisque, or a Griddled Fish Cake with Maitland Farm Greens, Come in and check out some of the new menu tweeks., Happy Sunday, for brunch today we have a Tomato, Charred Scallion and Aged Asiago Quiche, The Hash is a Smoked Beef and Sauteed Onion. we also got refreshing Mimosa's and a nice and spicy Bloody Mary to spark your taste buds, Special for Friday is from the Hard working fisherman of Gloucester featuring Acaidian Red Fish cornmeal crusted filet served with a lemon chive aioli over a spinach salad of roasted olives, sauteed onion, and quinoa with a herb vinaigrette., Howdy and a good Wednesday to all. Looking forward to our first deleivery of Fish from Cape Ann Fresh Catch  CFA share program, never know what it'll be except that it will good and fresh and tasty., Howdy Happy Friday, just got in some locally foraged Fiddle Head Ferns as our sauteed veg, also doing some Steak Tips SmoKed and Beer braised served with bbq onions and a peppercorn ranch on a toasted roll with lettuce and tomato.  Deviled Ham Quesadilla with Monterey Jack Cheese, chipotle crema, and a tomato-avocado salsa, Putting this out there to test the waters, we are coming up on our 1 year anniversary here at Scratch Kitchen, and looking to make a small event of it.  If we should lets say roast a whole pig and all the fixin's, have some good live music, maybe even face painting for the kiddies, basically make it a party. hows that sound as a start. we appreciate all of the support this first year we want to do something fun to celebrate it., Tonight if you like the Blues then this is the place to be. Andy O'brien the venerable blues man will laying down the rightous blues, maybe even the best blue in Salem tonight., On a solicitious note Scratch Kitchen is accepting applications for servers, stop on by to pick up a application or drop off a resume., Howdy and good Wednesay to all, Getem while they last supplies are dwindeling, Fish cakes and greens, Deviled Ha Salad Sandwich, "Angry" Mussles, Cheeky Clam Stuffies.  We are here where are you., Howdy Happy Tuesday, specials while they last: Chopped ham salad on Toast with cheddar, greens, tomatoes, and pickled cucumber. Clam Stuffies with Cheek Bacon and cornbread stuffing, Ramp dressing. It is a nice to take a walking lunch break and stop on in for a bite that will keep you going the rest of the day., Happy Sunday Brunch, quiche is featuring our house smoked ham, fresh tomatoes, spinach, and jack cheese.  The Scrach Hash is a Spicy Deviled Ham with charred scallions and eggs your way., Howdy Happy Friday, no better way to end the week than with some tatstey grub from Scratch Kithen.  In the mood for seafood we got that try a fabulous Fish Taco, or try to appease some "Angry" mussels in a spicy beer bacon cream broth, don't do seafood? we got that taken care of try a Deviled Ham sandwich (want to know what that is, were not telling unless you come in) or go for a veg option like a Black Bean "Burger" either way you'll be happy you came or you'll be sorry you didn't. Stay  Classy Salem, Our Mussels are Angry, steamed with spicy peppers, bacon, beer, and cream, For your Listening Pleasure we have John Sage playing Tonight., Howdy Happy Thursday, we are just hanging out doing what we do, come on down check out what we are playing with, Remember tonight is Music night., Howdy, A couple of mid-week specials,We are Continuing with the Cheeky Clam Stuffies featuring Wellfleet clam and Smoked Cheek bacon (Guancaile) with a ramp sauce, Creamy Carrot and ginger soup with toasted Nuts and Seeds, Two Local Fish and Potato Cakes with a petite salad and tartare sauce. And while it lasts  Deviled Ham on Toast ( Chopped house Smoked ham "salad") with Vt. cheddar, lettuce, tomatoes, and Pickled Ramps on choice of toast., Howdy All, here are some of this weeks Specials, Cheky Clams: chopped Wellfleet clams in a cornbread stuffing with House cured-smoked Guanciale (pork cheeks) topped with a Ramp Ranch dressing.  Local Fish Cakes made with native fish (haddock, pollack, cod), and Maine potatoes griddled and served with a petite green salad and tartare sauce. The Whim is Cream Carrot and ginger soup with nuts and seeds. The Rueben is Smoked Beef Tongue., Here are some Saturday Night Specials; Griddled Local Fish and Maine Potato Cake on a toasted roll, with Tartar Sauce, Lettuce, Tomato, Pickled Red Onion.  Cheeky Clams, 5 Wellfleet Clams stuffed with a cornbread and Smoked Guanciale stuffing and a Ramp Ranch Sauce., Howdy and Good Friday to all. Here's a few of our happenings; Fancy Salmon Lox, our house cured lox style salmon, on a A&J croissant, Pickled Ramps, oven tomatoes, baby arugula, and a lemon-caper cream cheese.  A Spring dug Parsnip bisque with a herb truffle drizzle.  Crispy Maine Shrimp tacos with a simple slaw, Scratch tartar sauce, on two flour tortillas.  "Angry Mussels" Wild Maine Whitwater mussels, sauteed with spicy peppers, Scratch Bacon, Local beer, with grilleed bread. If your hungry we can fix it., Remember Thurday isMusic Night at Scratch Kitchen, Tonight we have Matt McKay bringing a ton of tunes, He's been hanging out with some of the Big Boys in the Music Scene.  And of course we are rocking the Kitchen with some "Angry Mussles", Crispy Shrimp Taco, Parsnip Bisque, and the usual suspects, We've got some "Angry" Mussles that need some calming down: Maine Whitewater Wild mussles, sauteed with spicy peppers, Scratch Bacon, Lubricated with a wee glass of Ipswich Ale (helps keep them calm), and finished with a squirt of herb pesto and sour cream, almost forgot the bread, they come with a A&J king baguette., Howdy and Good Tuesday to all. some specials for the day Starting with a Crispy Maine Shrimp Taco (two flour tortillas, simple slaw, Scratch Tartar Sauce, and pickled ramps), The Whim is a Spring Dug Parsnip Soup with a Herb-Truffle Drizzle,. Smoked Tongue between Toast with wilted Ramp greens, sauteed onion, Smiths farm Gouda, and Herb Mayo., Happy sunny Sunday, we got a tastey Maine shrimp and Ramp green scamble for your brunching pleasure. Quiche is Truffled Pesto, Monterey Jack, Bacon, and  Butternut Squash.  Hash is a Smokey Beef with BBQ onions,, Howdy ho neighbor.  It's Saturday it's not sunny, we got the means to make it sunny in your tummy, try something new like our Smoked Tongue between Toast with wilted Ramp greens, sauteed onion, Smiths farm Gouda, and Herb Mayo.  The Rueben with Beer Braised Pork Belly can help make your day a good one. Cheers, Ahh Chilly but at least the sun is out.  The Rueben today will feature Our Happy Beer Belly, you can also bite our Tongue Sandwich, with sauteed onions, oven tomatoes, Boggy Swiss, hot mustard and garlic mayo pressed panini style. on the Lighter side we have a Quinoa and Vegetable soup with pesto.  And don't forget we still are offering our Restaurant Week Menu tonight and tomorrow Night $15 Two Courses.  Stay Class Salem, It's a pleasant Gloomy Thursday, we're cruising along doing our thing making bacon and such, thinking of spring menu items and the like. Tonight we have Open Mic Night each and Every last Thursday of the month.  If you got talent or know somebady who does (or think they do ) come on in and show us your stuff, Or if you are more a music appreciator then check out the talent and enjoy a Draft beer and something to eat.  Remember it's Restaurant Week $15 dollars two courses, not a bad deal., If you need a restaurant week go to. we got you covered right here with a Two course $15 menu and some nice new fresh Draft Beer.  Our Retaurant Week menu can be found on our website. also keep in mind we're extending it to Saturday Night., Tommorrow open mic here at Scratch Kitchen. Grab a draft to loosen up a hit the high notes, The Wait is now over, almost a year in the thought process now a reality. We now have Draft beer and It looks good, 4 lines 4 tastey Beers, We Kick Off our selection with Ipswich Brewing's Ale, a classic good time Ale, Harpoons UFO White, an easy beer to like on a hot day, Rapscallion's Honey, a great Pale Ale with just the right amout of Honey sweetnes (plus the honey is locally sourced, We like that), And rounding the selection Notch'sSession Pil's one of my new all time favorite Pilsners., It's almost ready I can't hardly wait,  But on a side Note today we have a Quinoa and Spring Veggie soup enhanced with a shot of herby pesto, A smoked tongue Rueben, And Balls on a Roll with BBQ onions, cheddar cheese and a spicy Balsamic mayo., Sunday is Brunch Time, Smoked Beef ash with Ramp Greens.  Spicy Jalapeno, Roasted Tomato, Monterey Jack Quiche. Big momosa's, and plenty of bacon, Restaurant Week is Just Around The Corner, we will be participating Tuesday thru Saturday for Dinner Only, check out our menu at our website scratchitchensalem.com or at the Chamber of Commerce site., Situation normal , nice and tastey with a Vegetable and Quinoa soup with esto, Balls on a Roll with cheddar and BBQ Onions.  Just got in some Ramps in to play with one of my favorite Spring veggies. Happy Saturday, Looks like the three nice days in a row.  Here are some specials to help you enjoy the day with, Strat with a Light Vegetable and Quinoa soup (good for upcoming bikini season), Meatballs on a Roll, our handmade meatball smothered with bbq onions with Vt. cheddar and spicy balsamic mayo (not so good for bikini season but still tastey), Smoked Corned Tongue Rueben with the usual setup, if you want something to cool you off try a Guinness Float., It's Coming arre you ready, Howdy all, another nice to to be out and about, and if your out and about how about stopping in for one of our specials, A Oyster Chowder with Guinness, or a Meatball wedge with tomato relish and cheddar. the Rueben is a Beef tongue Pastrami, if you need some cooling off we got the ticket with some of Jakes of N.H. Icecream, Maple Bacon, Dulce de Leche, and Guinness., Happy St. Paddy's day. Hope everyone is having a safe day. Don't forget if you need a Corned Beef fix we got you covered, Boiled Dinner totally from scratch (unlike some others...).  Have a pleasant day and see you for Brunch, corned beef hash anyone?, Howdy Happy Friday, The Phantom will be Joining us for Lunch Today around 12:30 very exciting.  For your tasting pleasure we have a few specials, A Spicy Tongue Panini with pickled jalapenos, charred onoins, Monterey jack Cheese, Next is a Meatball Wedge with Tomato-Relish, Smith's Farm Gouda, and a garlic Mayo. The Whim continues as the Roasted Butternut Bisque with Herby Sour cream Dollop., St. Patrick’s Day Menu
Local Oyster and Guinness Stew…8.00
Fresh local Duxberry  “Powder Point” Oysters simmered in a creamy Guinness broth with aromatic vegetables served with Scratch Made Old fashioned as is Irish Soda Bread

Scratch Made Corned Beef Sandwich…9.75 /11.50
Made in house start to finish N.E. raised corned beef, served nice and steamy on our fresh made toasted Rye bread with Scratch Mustard. Served two ways As Is or the works: Boiled dinner between bread 

One and One a.k.a Fish and Chips…15.00
Local Gloucester haddock dipped in a light batter and fried served with hand cut Maine potato fries, Scratch made Tartar sauce and our simple is better Cole Slaw

“Boiled” Dinner…18.00
Made in house start to finish N.E. raised corned beef, Served nice and steamy with “Boiled” cabbage, carrots, baby turnips, spring dug parsnips, wedges of Maine potato, Scratch mustard, and Soda bread

Guinness Float…7.00
What could be better than a Pint of Guinness, A pint of Guinness with a Scoop of Jake’s Guinness Ice cream., Quick recap of specials, Meatball wedge, Butternut Bisque, Fancy Grilled cheese, Pork Belly Rueben. Peace out, let em know you like a good thing, Howdy all Just browsing on the World Wide Web and saw that the Northshore Magazine BONS readers choice awards is going on. If you Like what we do here at Scratch take a moment and throw a vote our way, we'd appreciate it. Regardless of Votes we appreciate you all for letting us play with your food. Stay Classy Salem (and surrounding towns:-), We are also working on some stuff for St. Paddy's Day we got our Brisket Corning as we speak for some tastey sandwiches and boiled dinner plates. Got in some Guiness Ice cream for Guiness Floats, Soda bread, maybe some Bangers and Mash don't rightly know you'll have to stop by and see and have a pint., Howdy! Today we're still serving up our open-faced meatball sandwich, as well as our fancy grilled cheese with house cured ham, spinach, cured tomato, Vermont brie cheese, herb mayo, on an A&J King croissant (it's super fancy). The Whim is holding its own as a Roasted Butternut Bisque with a luscious dollop of herby sourcream., Just got word that Scratch Kitchen will be getting a visit from the Phantom Gourmet crew on Friday. They're doing a piece on sandwiches. It's a good thing we do sandwiches or it would be a little akward., Welcome to our Monday, for specials we are still making nice with Our open faced meatball wedge.  soup is a Roasted Butternut squash Bisque with a herby sour cream dollop., Howdy and good Saturday to all. we got some fun stuff happening here at Scratch. We got Live Bluegrass tunes today for your toe tapping pleasure. to go along with the tunes we have a Loaded Potato soup with bacon and cheese, A open faced Meatall Wedge with a pepper and onion sauce with crispy Mozzarella. Hows a Fancy Panini sound Our homemade hak, Vt. brie, spinach, tomatoes, herm mayo pressed on a A&J Kings croissant., Howdy happy Thursday, here is what we are cooking up for you. A Loaded Maine Potato Soup with all the fixin's we take Maine potatoes and soupify them and then we top with a blend of cheeses, sour cream, chopped bacon, and sliced scallion.  We also got a Open Face Meatball Wedge: Scratch made meatballs smothered in a pepperade sauce (mixed roasted bell peppers in a tomato base sauce) over a grilled baguette with crispy fresh Mozzarella.  An on the sweet side we have got a killer Vanillia Rice Pudding with Caramel stirred in..  Stay tune as the weather warms up the menu will start changing, Come on Spring, null, Live Music Thursdays
@ SCRATCH KITCHEN
each & every Thursday – 6:00-9:00 PM – no cover!
Come join us Thursday evenings for some gastronomical & musical delight at Scratch Kitchen. Scratch is a quality driven gourmet gastro deli which focuses on regional and local farm fresh ingredients. They have an appetizing menu and some fantastic daily specials and feature house smoked meats, homemade: bacon, breads, condiments, pickles and more; with tons of craft beers and wine to choose from!
MARCH 2012
3/1| REVEREND JJ – acoustic/Americana/folk
3/8 | ADAM PAYNE - singer-songwriter/soul/acoustic
3/15 | MIKE MAZOLA - acoustic/covers 3/22 | ED ANTONELLI - classic rock/new jazz 3/29 | RAY ZERKLE – covers/rock, Happy Tuesday all, the whim today is chicken soup in a rich stock with buttermilk croutons, we also have a delicious Black bean burger with a creamy avocado dressing, baby spinach and Monterey Jack cheese, Also a fancy grilled cheese on a A&J croissant with our house made ham, Vt. brie, spinach, oven cured tomatoes and herb mayo, Many have asked for it, now you can get it. Scratch's homemade Ketchup available $7.oo for 8oz jar, Happy Gloomy Saturday, stop on by and we'll brighten your day with some good eats, Sherried Cicken Soup with buttermilk croutons, Shaved steak Sandwich Au Poivre. Black Bean Burger with Monterey Jack, Spinach, Cilantro Avocado Yogurt sauce., null, Good evening, we're playing with some mussels tonight, Wild Mussels from Maine cooking them in some 'Gansset lager with a dose of chili paste, pesto, butter and a touch of Puleo's cream served with a toasted Baguette.  The whim is a Sherried Chicken Soup with Buttermilk Biscuit Croutons. Put your tastebuds on the Shaved Steak Au Poivre Sandwich, Slow roasted N.E. beef shaved thin and seared on our griddle deglazed with Brandy topped with charred scallions and Boggy Meadow Swiss cheese with a peppercorn dressing, they'll thank you., Hardy New Engladers can't be worried by a few wet flurries, not with a kitchen full of bacon and beer and some lively tunes willing to entertain you and let you forget about the weather. So come on down let us feed and take care of you while Reverand JJ entertains. or can come and try our new shaved steak sandwich, think of a fancy Steak Au Poivre now put in between two pieces of bread its been Scratchified (yes that is a real scientific term we just made up), null, Tonight we are also hosting our first open mic night from 6-8 with guest host Elijah Clark, come on down lets hear what you got, Let the Snow come We ain't scared, we got he perfect counter a Bowl of Chicken in Gravy Soup with Buttermik Biscuit croutons, it'll warm you right up., Howd All, beautiful day out there today, nice and sunny and not toowindy.  Got a few items of interest today, winding down on Cap't Pete's lobster bisque a few orders left then who knowswhere the whim will take us.  Want something Hearty try the Meatloaf Sandwich with pepper and onions, balsamic mayo, Smiths Farms Gouda on a Baguette, Try this one Ham and Biscuit, our Scratch Ham thick cut with a fried egg, Vt. Cheddar on a homemade buttermilk biscuit with mustard and a small simple salad.  Stay Hungry Salem Eat Here, We just got a Tea tutorial from Angie Adams the Tea Lady of Salem. lots of good stuff she has brewing. We kick off our new tea program tomorrow here at Scratch with the Tea Lady herself pouring some sample of her terrific blends.  We at Scratch are excited to be working with Angie and are looking forward to seeing what else we can do with her teas.  "Cup o' tea Gov'na", It's a Friday, for your gastronomic pleasure we have a pork belly rueben today, the soup is a deliscious Lobster Bisque with a shot of pesto, lobsters are from Cap't Pete of course. Meatloaf special with peppers and onoins with Smith's Farms Gouda with balsamic mayo on a baguette, We are stoked Just got our first case of 'Gansett cream Ale in good stuff if we say, and I think we just did.  Come on down and try it, Howdy Happy Tuesday, for your palate pleasing pleasure we have a Spicy Black Bean Soup with a creamy Avocado-cilantro pesto,  return of a favorite our  Griddled Meatloaf sandwich with a tomato relish, balsamic mayo,Vt cheddar cheese, on a toasted Kaiser roll. The Rueben of the moment is our Smoked Brisket., February 25th will be a day of new happenings at Scratch Kitchen! Located at 245 Derby St, Salem, Mass., their intent of focusing on regional and local farm fresh ingredients has brought them together with ApotheCaring, or more commonly known as The Tea Lady by her followers at the Salem Farmers Market. Creating certified organic herbal blends to enhance healthy living, the owner, Ms. Adams also creates blends with black, green and rooibos teas. Her unique blends with great flavors will meld well with Chef Fogerty’s wonderful foods.
Come to Scratch Kitchen on February 25th, 11:00 am, and sample the teas.
For your dining pleasure you may choose from Earl Grey, LapSang, Sencha Green, Rooibus Mint, herbal breakfast tea, and, a very     special blend created just for Scratch Kitchen. Two ice teas will also be available, Lemon Green iced tea and Ms. Adams’ own blend: Orange Mint iced tea, a big favorite at last years farmers market., Howdy happy sunday, for hash we have a Scratch meatloaf and peppers and the Quiche is a roasted mushroom, bacon and smoked cheddar. come on down and get some bacon and eggs we do that too, Hey its Funky Friday down here at Scratch we're grooving to the funk feeling the love and looking forward to feeding you some of what we got. come on down and see what's happening., Howdy Happy Thursday.  If you're hungery we got you covered with a Silky Smooth Maine Potato and Smoke Cheddar Bisque.  If you like your soup with lumps come taste our chowder I'll put it against anything on the Northshore and it'll be the tastiest, we keep it simple and loose with our Bacon, Maine potatoes, a liitle onion and celery, Chopped Clams and their juice and a bit of Puleos Cream.
Have a pleasant day., Todays Specials: Whim= Maine potato and Smoked Grafton Cheddar Bisque with a pesto drizzle. Black Bean "Burger" avocado relish, spicy yogurt, jack cheese. Super Fancy Lobster Panini, Cap't Pete's Lobster, Vt. Jack cheese, Oven Cured Tomatoes, Sauteed onions, and a Herby Mayo on a A&J King Croissant. Stay Hungry Salem, Happy Valentines Days hope it's going well well for you all.  Doing just Fine here just finished playing with Cap't Petes lobsters for our special tonight Scratch Lobster Mac and Cheese, you haven't had Lobster mac and cheese until you have had ours,Fresh Local  Lobster, Scratch made Bacon, Rich lobster cream Sauce, a blend of cheeses all baked together with Orecchietti pasta under a herbed Parmesan crust  $22.  If you'd rather go sweet on your sweet you both can Indulge in our Chocolate Pound Cake Bread Pudding with a Bacon-Caramel sauce and fresh Whipped cream. Just about any thing here will fit your Valentines Bill of Fare because our secret ingredient is the love we put into each dish. Have a pleasant day, Good Sunday to all, todays specials.  Quiche: Rasted Garlic, Butternut, and Goat Cheese, Hash: Pepper Steak, N.E. Raised beef with mixed peppers and onion in our potato hash. The whim is "Kitchen Sink" Chili.  Cheers, Howdy you all we done got us some specials for you all, Meatloaf Sandwich with tomato relish, cheddar, and balsamic aioli. Black bean burger for those non-meat eaters, Churkey Noodle soup, Beer braised pork belly Rueben. Stay Hungry Eat Here, Looks almost to good to drink... almost made it a full minute. Delish, Guess what just came In. A beer worth the wait, Happy Wednesday, here is what we got today that is Black Bean "Burger", Churken Noodle Soup, Griddled Meatloaf sandwich, Pork Belly Rueben, Hot Dogs. come on down, null, I once heard a saying that Bacon heals all wounds, and we got enough bacon to heal a whole lot of grieving sports fans with B.L.T.s, Bacon Mac and Cheese, Bacon Burgers, Grilled Cheese with bacon, Bacon on a Plate, we do bacon in all kinds of ways.  We also do other things as well such as Pork Belly Reubens, Churken Noodle Soup (chicken and turkey), Black Bean "Burger", Hot Dogs all of wich can be Baconfied., Well its finally here, bring on the Game, got tired of all the talking.  It is some-what scientifically proven that having a good hearty breakfast makes game time enjoyment much more rewarding.  So another resaon to eat at Scratch today. todays we gear the brunch for pre-game eats with a cheese steak hash, how about breakfast nachoes, corn tortillas topped with sour cream scrammbled eggs, with an tomato-avocodo salsa and melted cheese. The whim today is a choice between home made Noodle and Churkey (chicken and turkey) or Kitchen Sink Chili.  Go Pats, One more day till the big game.  The Whim today is a Chicken and Turkey with homemade noodles, the Black Bean "Burger" is delicious with spicy yogurt, monterey jack, avocado salsa and spinach.Brisket Rueben, Variety of hot weiners. If your hungry we got you covered, Here whats happening today, Black Bean Burgers, with Cabot Monterey Jack cheese, tomato-avocado relish, Spiced yogurt dressing, and baby spinach. . Black Bean Tortilla soup, Griddled Meatloaf Sandwich, Hot weiners and more., Howdy, Only four days until the Big Game, hope everyone is ready for it don't forget we can help it be tastier no matter what happens.  Quick run through of specials, Smoked Brisket Rueben, Griddled Meatloaf w tomatoa relish and cheddar, Fancy Grilled cheese on A&J King Croissant with our ham, spinach and Vt. Brie. we got hot Weiners from Boston Smoke house, null, Scratch Kitchen Super Bowl helper
For $125 bucks
will be as follows 
5 pounds pulled pork, 
1 dz rolls, 
1 pt BBQ sauce, 
1 qt coleslaw, 
1 qt house pickles,
 2 dozen smoked wings,
 Big bag of Kettle chips with a pint of onion dip.
Orders need to be placed by Thursday 3:00 pm.
Pickup will be available on Sunday between 2:00 and 4:00.
 You may place your order in person or by phone 978-741-2442.
 Thank you and Go Pats
.,  
Live Music Thursdays
@ SCRATCH KITCHEN
each & every Thursday – 6:00-9:00 PM – no cover!
Come join us Thursday evenings for some gastronomical & musical delight at Scratch Kitchen. Scratch is a quality driven gourmet gastro deli which focuses on regional and local farm fresh ingredients. They have an appetizing menu and some fantastic daily specials and feature house smoked meats, homemade: bacon, breads, condiments, pickles and more; with tons of craft beers and wine to choose from!
FEBRUARY 2012:
2/2 | JULIE DOUGHERTY - folk/singer-songwriter – www.juliedougherty.net
2/9 | ERINN BROWN - singer-songwriter/blues/rock - www.erinnbrown.com
2/16 | JOHN SAGE – rock/pop/singer-songwriter - www.johnsage.com 
2/23 | PREACHER JACK & WILLIE LOCO ALEXANDER  - rockabilly/boogie woogie
www.myspace.com/thepreacherjack  - http://mysite.verizon.net/arearick/htm/bio.html
 
{music presented by: Ironic Music Booking Agency – www.ironic.it }

  
245 Derby St. - corner of Congress & Derby
Salem, MA | 978-741-2442 | http://scratchkitchensalem.com
Check our Facebook page for weekly specials: www.facebook.com/ScratchKitchen
, It's Wednesday, a pleasant gloomy day if one happens to look outside.  We have a few things here that might perk up your mood, Griddled Meatloaf Sandwich with a tomato-relish, Vt Cheddar, and a Balsamic Mayo. Also of the hot plate a Fancy Grilled Cheese using A&J Kings Croissant, Blythdale Brie (a good and ripe brie from Vt), Our house smoked Ham, and baby spinach.  soup today is the Roasted tomato and Black Bean Tortilla soup with a Chipotle Cream.  Stay Classy Salem (and surrounding towns), or better yet Stay Hungry., Howdy all,  we have a Meatloaf Rueben today, the Whim is a Slow Roasted tomato and Black Bean Tortilla Soup, we also got a Griddled Mushroom and Onion Bread with Mixed Greens and a balsamic dressing., Scratch Kitchen Super Bowl helper will be as follows   5 pounds pulled pork, 1 dz rolls, 1 pt BBQ sauce, 1 qt coleslaw, 1 qt house pickles, 2 dozen smoked wings, big bag of chips with a pint of pinion dip. For $125 bucks. Orders need to be placed by Thursday 3:00 pm.  pickup for orders will be available on Sunday between 2:00 and 4:00.  You may place your order in person or by phone 978-741-2442. Thank you and Go Pats., Happy Sunday, we had great time last night at The Taste of the North Shore. It's fun to get out sometimes and spread the word of good Taste and hobnob with fellow comrades in food.  Back to Brunch hope you haven't forgot about brunch, Kitchen sink chili hash, Smoked cheddar, spinach and onion Quiche., They're back, Hot Weiners from the Boston Smoke House in Dorchester you can get them simple as is on a bun, or try it Scratch Style with our Onion-Bacon jam and Vemont Chedar, Kick it a up notch with some Chili and Chipotle creme, come see what we can do to your weiner., For all to enjoy today the whim is our Kitchen Sink Chili: its got brisket, ham, and beef along with a slight kick from poblano peppers, topped with chipolte creme, A NOTICE TO ALL.  We will be closing tomorrow at 3:30 pm due to the fact that we are invited to participate in  the TASTE OF THE NORTH SHORE we'll be hanging with the big boys from 62 on Wharf, The Blue Ox, 5 Corners to name a few fellow participants.  We at Scracht enjoy helping the community when we can and look forward to putting forth a tasty effort. Thank you for your understanding and we apologize for any inconvienence., Sitting here listening to the cool funky beats of Adam Payne and thinking of ways to help those in need to Scratchify their Super Bowl.  We are thinking of putting together a package deal centered around our Pulled Pork with accompaniments to make your Game Daya little more Tasty.  just testing the waters, more  finalized details will be announced Saturday. if you have any please interest let us know., Scratch Stuff, bread in the making, Howdy you all, just got back from an informative and educating morning seminar at Salem University, Was happy to see all the interest and support of making our NorthShore food community stronger from producer, retailer and composter. Even though we are but a small restaurant We at Scratch Kitchen feel very strongly in helping the local community and try our best to support those that we can., Happy wednesday, todays Reuben is Pork Belly, the soup is Maine Potato with Smoked Cheddar, we also gots some chili and a Beef Stoganoff "Shepards Pie"., Here is Dinner Time treat, Beef Stroganoff Shepards Pie:Braised N.E. Raised Beef Shank braised in a 'Gansett Porter stock with sauteed mushrooms and onions Baked under a Sour Cream and Herb Mashed Maine Potato Crust. instant classic., Is it Spring already?  The soup today is a Maine potato and Smoked Grafton Cheddar, the rueben for the day is Scratch Meatloaf, we also got some "Kitchen Sink" Chili. come on in and see what we are up to, For Tomorrows Pats game we will have a tip of the hat to tailgating Brunch, with such fare as Scratch "Kitchen Sink" Chili, Maine Potato and Grafton Smoked Cheddar Soup, Cheese Burger Hash, Spicy Steak'n Eggs Breakfast Wrap, Pulled Pork with an egg of course.  Come on down and get your pregame "food coma" on here. You don't want to watch the game on a empty stomach do you?, It had to snow at some point. Becareful out there its a little sloppy.  We are here for you shovelers nothing beats a hot bowl of our chowder to ease first of the year shovelitis (sore back, cold hands). Remember we have got all your warming of the inside needs covers., menus, null, null, null, Here is one to temp your sleeping tummies, Tomorrow a classic Scratchified Egg Salad Sandwiches ( chopped cooked firm eggs tossed with, pesto mayo, sauteed onions, and bacon) between two pieces of toasted bread with crisp romaine, oven cured tomatoes, and pickled onion., Howdy Thursday everyone.  we are just hanging out playing with your food, come down and see what we're doing if you dare.  no threas just tastieness Like Macober turnip and Butternutt squash Bisque, try this for something "offally" good sandwich, Chopped liver and smokey onion pate, pickled egg, Scrratch mustard, lettuce and oven cured tomato., Some more news on the local front got our first delivery of Puleo's Milk in today, good stuff., Hello all a nice sunny day.  Here is what is in store for you Smoked tongue Ruebens, Macomber turnip and Butternut squash Bisque with spiced yogurt, Chocolate chip cookies featuring 72% dark chocolate chip (while they last). If you had our "Cuban" sandwich and thought that it was good well now it's better we are proud to say our baguetts are now coming from A&J King Artisan Bakers, love those guys for years and now happy to start using their great breads. come on in and see what else is good. Stay Classy Salem, Howdy and happy Tuesday, hope you all are faring well in the snow.  Got some changes going on here down at The Scratch, nothing major or life changing just a minor winters tune-up. we have added a rueben of the day, and bacon apple brie quesadilla, and Cody Brewing's No Name IPA has been added to the beer list. come see what's new.  Cheers, Introducing the Scratch Rewards Card program. Purchase a card for $50 dollars or more and we will add on another 20%, Also once you are part of the program after 10 visits of spending more than $10 we reward you with $10 to your card or the equivilant in bacon, If you like toe tapping good music and good food then you need to be here at 1:00 for a Bluegrass jam of good tunes while you munch on our good eats, its fun for the kids too., Hope everyone is having a pleasant day. we got a special tonight some of you all might like.  Ribs we got ribs available by the bone for 2 bucks. slow smoked, bbq rubbed, lightly sauced St. Louis style pork rib. yum, Live Music Thursdays
@ SCRATCH KITCHEN
each & every Thursday – 6:00-9:00 PM – no cover!
Come join us Thursday evenings for some gastronomical & musical delight at Scratch Kitchen. Scratch is a quality driven gourmet gastro deli which focuses on regional and local farm fresh ingredients. They have an appetizing menu and some fantastic daily specials and feature house smoked meats, homemade: bacon, breads, condiments, pickles and more; with tons of craft beers and wine to choose from!
JANUARY 2012:
1/5: BRAD BYRD - acoustic/indie/pop/rock/singer-songwriter – www.bradbyrdofficial.com
1/12: ELIJAH CLARK - Pop/ Southern rock/R&B - www.myspace.com/elijahclarkmusic1
1/19: ANDY O’BRIEN – Delta/Chicago/Texas Blues - www.andyobrienmusic.com
1/26: ADAM PAYNE - singer-songwriter/soul/acoustic - http://adampayne.biz
{music presented by: Ironic Music Booking Agency – www.ironic.it }
245 Derby St. - corner of Congress & Derby
Salem, MA | 978-741-2442 | http://scratchkitchensalem.com
Check our Facebook page for weekly specials: www.facebook.com/ScratchKitchen, If its rainy outside it's dry in here, come on in and lets some bacon brighten your day.  and Later we have some great tunes by Elijah Clark, he sounds smooth like a great beer.  Hey we got beer why don't you come and compare, Hello lovely Wednesday outside, perfect for a leg stretching stroll down to Scratch for bite or two the Chicken and Dumplin' soup will set you right. while your here try our enhanced fries with bacon dust, many mouths were pleased yesterday by them.  come on down and see what temps you.  Stay classy Salem, Fresh from the fryer Bacon Dusted Fries. we take our already delicsious fries and make them better with bacon power (powder) come check it out, Howdy Tuesday, just enough snow to remind all that it's still winter.  A couple things to temp you all: Fresh batch of Chciken and Dumplin' soup, Smoked Salmon wrap (hot smoked salmon, mixed greens, oven cured tomato, pickled red onion, herb ranch), Smoked Lamb Panini (baby spinach, sauteed onion, V.V. goat cheese, balsamic mayo), Good Saturday one and all, we have a chicken and dumplin' that knock the chill right out of you.  Also available is our B.E.C.K. sandwich ( a Bacon, Eggs, Cheese, Ketchup) two fried eggs, scratch bacon, smoked cheddar and our ketchup on a bun., null, Howdy happy Friday, fresh from the whim pot is a chicken and dumpling soup perfect for a chilly day.  for a sweet treat try the broken brownie pudding yum yum., @linda m. soma, Live Music Thursdays
@ SCRATCH KITCHEN
each & every Thursday – 6:00-9:00 PM – no cover!
Come join us Thursday evenings for some gastronomical & musical delight at Scratch Kitchen. Scratch is a quality driven gourmet gastro deli which focuses on regional and local farm fresh ingredients. They have an appetizing menu and some fantastic daily specials and feature house smoked meats, homemade: bacon, breads, condiments, pickles and more; with tons of craft beers and wine to choose from!
Thursday – 1/5/12 come check out:
BRAD BYRD
acoustic/indie/pop/rock/singer-songwriter www.bradbyrdofficial.com
{music presented by: Ironic Music Booking Agency – www.ironic.it }
245 Derby St. - corner of Congress & Derby
Salem, MA | 978-741-2442 | http://scratchkitchensalem.com
Check our Facebook page for weekly specials: www.facebook.com/ScratchKitchen, We are now open come on by!!, We are currently dealing with some techinal issues and are closed at the moment and will keep ya'all posted when we reopen!  Thanks for understanding!, We're Back....hope everyone had a pleasant time bringing in the New Year.  We are happy and well rested and looking forward to what this year may bring.  we have some changes to hour operating hours we are now closed on Mondays, Tuesday and Wednesday 11:00-8:00, Thursday thru Saturday 11:00-9:00 with music Thursdays 6:00-9:00, and brunch has moved to Sundays 10:30-3:00.  come get some bacon, We at Scratch Would like to wish everyone a Merry and Happy Christmas and New Year. we will be closing for the holidays today at 2:30, see you all next year. Stay Classy Salem (and hungry), Howdy a couple of items to perk your palate, Vermeont Cheddar and Local Lobster Grilled Cheese, Beer braised Pork Belly Rueben,, Happy Wednesday, today we are having a upscale grilled cheese for the holidays, a Lobster grilled cheese with Cap't Petes lobster fresh from local waters, melted with Vermont cheddar on our homemade bread. Also for the lobster lovers try the bisque its delish., Howdy and Good Tuesday to all and a Happy Hanukka. on the tasty tip we have the Roasrted sweet potato and lobster bisque (lobster coming locally from Cap't Pete). Try this on for size, The Rueben as a Beer Belly: We took our beer braised pork belly and Ruebenfied it with our bacon enhanced sauerkraut, Boggy Meadow Swiss cheese and thousand isl. dressing.  Come on in and see what else we are up to. stay warm, Happy Monday to you all, only 5 more days to get your Scratch on.  And try one of these delicious dishes to do it.  Cap't Petes roasted lobster and sweet potato bisque, Black Bean Falafel Wrap, Smoked Salmon with V.V. goat and avocado. see you here., Here is something to keep your dreams tastey, The Brunch Hash will be Brought to you by Cap't Pete: Fresh Local Lobster with fall vegetables, Also sponsered by Cap't Pete will be the a roasted Sweet potato and lobster bisque slightly enhance with a dash of sherry. see you here, Howdy pleasant friday to you, for your palatary delight we have our fantastic griddled meatloaf sandwich, the Black Bean Veggie chilli will keep you warm on a day like today.  For those who are legume fans try the Black Bean Falafel Wrap with mixed greens, pickled vegetables, cured tomatoes, z'atar spiced yogurt dressing try it spicy with our home made chili sauce or not your choice. see you here, F.Y.I. Putting this out there now to give you all plenty of time to prepare. As we get closer to Christmas we are reminded that it is time well spent with family and friends. So it is with thought that we will be closed Dec 24th through Jan 1st so that we may spend time with our family and friends. Though we consider all who have supported us as friends and thank you greatly for your patronage. We need just a little time to recharge our batteries and collect ourselves as we head into the New Year with renewed vigor. We wish all a Happy Christmas and Merry New Year.  We thank you for your understanding., It Funky Thursday at Scratch Kitchen With Adam Payne throwing down some happenin tunes, Howdy a bit of a sad day, last Farmers Market for the season, hopefully its a short winter.  For specials we have a Black Bean Veggie Chili, Smoked Salmon rueben, Griddled Meatloaf.  And something new today Cheese steak pierogis(mashed Maine potatoes mixed with Shaved Beef and Cheddar Cheese and onion) served with a secret sauce.  See you here, Hope you all are having a pleasant Wednesday, we certainaly are. I am sure yours would be better if you were here munching on a smoked salmon rueben or the open faced fried mozzarella sandwich or possibly the forth coming Black Bean Veggie Chili, but we won't know for sure unless you come here and try now wil we.  Stay Classy Salem, How Does this sounds: Crisp Fried Narragansett Creamery mozzarella (hand stretched right here) roasted tomatoes, baby spinach, balsamic aoli, served open faced on roasted garlic toast., Good Tuesday to all. First Lights Farms is providing the carrots for todays whim A Roasted Carrot Bisque with Black Bean Falafel and a yogurt drizzle,  returning is a Smoked Salmon Rueben with Bacon Braised sauerkraut, 1,000 island dressing, and Boggy Meadow Swiss on our Light Rye.  Stay Classy Salem, Happy Monday to all,  for a twist on a classic we have a Smoked Salmon Ruben, with bacon braised sauerkraut, thousand island dressing, Boggy Meadow swiss cheese on toasted rye.  Also try our Roated Duck and Butternut Latkes with cranberry compote and greens., Today for brunch the hash will be a roasted duck and vegetable, and the quiche is vermont cheddar and broccoli, Howdy good Friday to you all. it nice to see the sun.  Warning the following might tempt you to brave the chilly outdoors and come to Scratch.  First start of with a roasted duck and butternut squash "latke" with port poached dried cranberries and mixed greens. 
 Follow that up with a Pizza Panini: hand streched mozz, roasted tomato sauce, offered two ways VEGGIE-spinach, leeks, roasted squash  or MEATY-bacon and sausage
The whim is a fresh batch of Smokey Mussel Gumbo with cornbread, Fresh off the hot plate Venison "Shepards Pie", a delicious dish of roasted venison, fall vegetables in a beer gravy topped with buttery Maine Mashed potatoes, Happy Thursday, today is market day only one more until christmas., Scratch Kitchen gets a sermon from Preacher Jack tomorrow music for the soul paired with food for the body, I's another lovely rainy day and our Smokey Mussel Gumbo is perfect for warming your day up. Try this pressed french bread pizza two styles veggie with spinach, butternut squash and leeks or meaty with bacon and sausage. No matter what if you brave the rain you will be rewarded with good taste, Howdy, good Tuesday to all. ever get a hankering for something. well we got a hankereing for frenchbread pizzas.  so guess what we have for special today...thats right tofu salad...got ya we have French Bread pizza with choice of veggie: spinach, butternut squash and leeks, or meat: bacon and bratwurst. we even made the cheese from narragansett creamry fresh mozzarella curd. come in and enjoy and see what else we have, Good Monday to you.  todays temtations Smoked salman salad sandwich with a honey mustard, shaved red bell peppers, pickled red onoin, smiths farm gouda, and spinach.  also hot off the stove Smokey mussel gumbo served with a biscuit.  and have a pleasant Monday, Happy Saturday  here are some brunch tips we have a venison and bacon hash, our quiche is a butternut squash, fall greens, and gouda.a chilly day like today our oatmeal will warm you up., Only 22 more shopping days left to get the gift of A Scratch gift card for your family, friends, or co-worker. And while you are why not try our smokey mussel gumbo or a meatloaf sandwich or refreshing salad of mixed greens fresh apple, with a cider vinaigrette. Mulled it over whilst partaking of one of our many craft beers or delicious wines. Happy Friday, If you like blues like we like blues then tonight is a good night for blues likers. We have Andy O'Brien on the blues and Scratch on the food. a better combo is hard to come-by., Thanks to everyone who joined us last night hope you had as much fun as we did. For those who missed out we are already planning the next Long Table Affair for 2012., Tasty Tuesday, for specials today we have a pesto rubbed grilled pork cutlet with roasted garlic, baby spinach, V.V. goat cheese, and balsamic mayo.  there is also the griddled meatloaf sandwich along with our Rueben potato croquettes.  Also a reminder, space is filling up for our Gansett Dinner if you would like to partake call to reserve a seat at the long table., Good Monday to all. A nice job by the Pats Flying past the Eagles.  on Special today we got a Smokey Salmon Sandwich with a balsamic mayo, roasted red peppers, sauteed onions, cured tomatoes, fresh spinach, and Vermont brie.  Also hot off the griddle is our Scratch Meatloaf with a sweet'n spicy pepper relish and Grafton Farms raw milk smoked cheddar, with a bbq mayo on a toasted roll., Just a reminder our Narragansett dinner is fast approaching,  space is limited so if you want to gaurantee a spot please make a reservation, either stop by or give us a call.  see you there, Hello hope all had a good Thanksgiving  If you didn't get enough turkey our turkey club can fix that. we also got a griddled meatloaf sandwich with a spicy pepper relish, smoked cheddar cheese, with bbq mayo.  todays whim is a spicy black bean bisque with bacon scented cornbread croutons.  stay classy Salem, If interested in attending our Narragansett shindig stop by or call to make a reservation, A bright chilly day here in salem.  perfect to enjoy a bowl of Gansett porter spiked beef stew or a warm and gooey smoked salmon melt.  come on in we'll warm you up., A musical reminder, tonight we have the local Salem Old Timey Musicians group joining us to warm our audio sensory organs with some lively tunes., null, looking tasty, null, A couple of things to warm you up a roasted carrot and ginger bisque with a shot of pesto.  For something  heartier try out the beef and vegetable stew with cornbread croutons., here is something to try, Potato Rueben Croquettes, (aka rueben potato balls), we take steamed Maine potatoes, our smoked brisket bits, sauerkraut, and Boggy meadow Swiss cheese mash em all together roll them into balls and give them a rye flour coating and introduce them to our fryer for a breif while and serve them piping hot with a side of our thousand island dressing, Its good to see the sun.  today we got our meatloaf sandwich, the smoked salmon melt, Macomber turnip soup will warm you up, @bill seleno, During music is .50 cent wings, Its Thursday, hopefully the farmers market will be a little dryer than last week.  Chilly day like today could use a good bowl of something hot such as our clam chowder or Macomber Turnip Bisque. Come on in check out todays goings on. Don't forget we got music tonight with John Sage., How you all doing?? We're fine, thanks. We got a few things going on today: one being a Smoked Salmon Salad Melt with oven cured tomatoes, baby spinach, and a caper cream cheese pressed until hot and gooey.  Second for today is our tummy stuffing meatloaf sandwich.  If you ask we might be inclined to produce a rueben or two, the choice is yours. Go traditional with our brisket or change it up with turkey, smoked tongue, meatloaf or veggie.  Stay Classy Salem., Howdy, here is a little teaser for you all. just finishing up ideas for our first beer shindig.  We are teaming up with the good people of Narragansett for a Four Course evening of food and brew.  the date will be November 30th at 6:30 we will be posting menu and reservation info shortly. thats all carry on, Howdy Happy Monday,  a few things to start your week of on a tastey note.  our Whim is alightly creamed Macomber turnip soup (a sweet tasting turnip only grown S.E. Mass.) with sherried mushrooms. Also the Hot Turkey Raquel (griddled turkey with coleslaw and grafton farms smoked cheddar). hope you all haven't forgotten about the tongue or as we call them hot cow licks. we got more too much to list so come on in or give a call eat here or take it with you.  978-741-2442.  see ya., you ask we delivery, brunch is on 10:30 until 2:00, Happy Friday, a thank you to all the Vetrans.  today we have got some tummy pleasing goodness, try the Turkey Raquel, a hot turkey sandwich with our own delicious coleslaw and smoked cheddar cheese with thousand island mayo, also up for eats is the Scratch Rueben with our on suaerkraut, Boggymeadow swiss cheese and 1,000 island mayo on light rye, and a recent crowed pleaser is the meatloaf sandwich with tomato relish and gouda with thousand is. mayo. see you here, F.Y.I. some of you may have heard rumors of Scratch Kitchen taking on brunch... Well we need to put those rumors to bed,  as far as Brunch is concerned we are going to be disappointing some individuals.  Those that do not come in on Saturday for brunch will be sorely dissapointed. Brunch will be served starting at 10:00 am and will continue while supplies last., Tonight at Scratch tap your toes and lick you fingers.  music by Elijah Clark and .50 cent wings by Scratch while the music plays, Happy Thursday...come on in and check out our meatloaf sandwich a blend of N.E. raised beef and pork with other stuff warmed on our griddle with a tomato relish and Smiths Farm Gouda cheese on a roll with thousand island mayo.  Also to warm you a bowl of our Butternut and cider bisque will to the trick. And don't forget the the winter farmers market starts tonight at 2:00 pm in the artist row. I can't wait to see whats there., Who likes toe tapping good music...well come on in tonight and get your toes a tapping with The Salem Old Timey Revival a local mix of musicians having fun playing in the old timey tunes.  while you are here you can check out our new Port offerings we have 4 new bottels waiting to be savored., Howdy, Happy Monday...Today is the perfect day to be munching on a meatlof sandwich. And guess what we got today....yup thats right a meatloaf sandwich. A griddled meatloaf sandwich with a tomato relish, Smiths Farms gouda cheese, and thousand island dressing, Starting tomorrow we'll have a new menu with some familiar sandwiches and some not so familiar ones. Our whim right now is a Native roasted butternut squash with a hint of apple cider and a walnut pesto garnish, mmmmmmm!, you like wings... we got wings... smoked wings... sweet sticky spicy smoked wings... tonight while the music plays we have sweet sticky spicy smoked wings for .50 cents  each. we also have wet naps to clean your finger after too many sweet sticky spicy smoked wings... because you don't want to get your beverage sticky, Looking for a spot with good music and good food.  Well look no further than Scratch Kitchen, tonight we have Erinn Brown providing the tunes and Scratch on the smoker. warm yourselves with a smoked seafood gumbo or try the smoked tongue taco or a bowl of our homemade frank and beans. see you here., Well the masses are gone its safe to come out again and enjoy a meal in pleasant company.  come see whats new as we move into the colder months., F.Y.I. Scratch will be closed Tuesday too recoup ourselves and reacquainte with friends and family...and take a big nap.  We will reopen on Wednesday the 3rd at  our normally schedulded time.  thanx, Well its over, thanks to all who visited us through the onslaught of the masses, while at times it was not pretty our focus was staying true to providing good service and food uncomprimised by short cuts, we definitely took some good notes to apply to next October so that we can provide a good experience., ONE MORE DAY!, We have 2 new brews for you...today! We have the Narragansett Porter! Dark, mild and delicious; it's smooth, chocolately notes are perfect for a cool fall evening! And we also have our new Three Heads Brewing 'Bromigo': a smoked maple amber ale, awesome!, ACOUSTIC THURSDAYS
Every Thursday – 7:00-10:00 PM – no cover!
Come join us for some post-Farmer’s market musical & gastronomical fun at Scratch Kitchen, Salem’s newest restaurant with a BBQ-heavy, smoke-our-own bacon artisanal sammie haven with 20-plus brews including cans of 'gansett and Butternut's Pork Slap.
Thursday – 10/27/11 come check out: Adam Payne solo
acoustic/soul/singer-songwriter - www.adampayne.biz
www.scratchkitchensalem.com - corner of Congress & Derby - 978-741-2442, Today's sandwich special is: THE TURKEY RAQUEL! This fantastic sandwich features Misty Knoll's delicious turkey, our fresh made cole slaw, our homemade thousand island dressing and swiss cheese from Boggy Meadow Farms! Add bacon?? Why not?!, Nothing goes better with the end of a decades-long dictatorship than a side of bacon and a bowl of good butternut soup., some good things going on here, we got our ribs while they last, the tongue taco a new crowd pleaser, and a BBQ Roast Beef Dip with Grafton Farms smoked cheddar., F.Y.I.  Scratch will open its doors on Sunday for lunch 11:00 am-2:30 pm we will be doing take-out only from items off of our black board specials. Now you can get a sunday bacon fix., Well we survived our first Columbus weekend, hope you all had as much fun as we had learning what October in Salem is like, Looking for something a little different? let us slip you some tongue..smoked tongue taco that is.  another tasty bite is the bbq meatball sliders and the smokey ribs by the bone., Warm up before or after the Haunted Happenings Parade with a bowl of the new whim - Cream of Mushroom soup made with locally-foraged Hen-of-the-Woods (a.k.a. Miatake) Mushrooms., Howdy a couple of things for your tasting pleasure. First are the Griddled Local Fish Cakes with lettuce and tomato with on a SunRay Rol with our own tartar sauce. And for those who might have a bone to pick with us, well now you can the Ribs are back same deal 2 bucks a bone, yeah., null, Hope all faired well with the rain...We got our feet wet but no bacon was harmed as we parted the seas pouring in from Derby st.. We are all dry now and open, Today's whim! Cream of Wally Farms cauliflower with a Clark Farm buttercup squash pumpkin seed compote. Hello Autumn!, Hey guess what we got...?  Gift Cards, how exciting, now you can give the gift of bacon and our other tastey treats to your family and friends., Happy Monday everyone! Little change to our sandwich special. Now featuring Roasted butternut squash with horseradish marinated beets, Maitland Farms mixed greens, Pesto'd goat feta and our balsamic mayo! Don't forget about our Scratch Weiner..with bacon-onion jam!, With sustenance must come libation and nothing goes better with the Beer Belly sandwich than a Muffintop, our newly acquired Belgian-style ale from Clownshoes.  And we've got weiners! (aka locally made hotdogs from the Smokehouse of Boston) - you've had the Scratch Burger come try the Scratch Weiner with Bacon-onion jam and Cabot Cheddar.  Also between bread Clark Farms roasted butternut squash, Maitland Farm greens, Valley View feta, balsamic mayo. Enjoy., It may be wet and dreary outside but our bacon will make you warm and sunny inside., we got some fresh belly ready..So put some of our belly in your belly, served with our crisp cabbage slaw and sweet-heat pepper relish.  and for future thought we have our next batch sauerkraut fermenting possibly ready when our tongues will be smoked., Its raining so we're pouring local cider steamed to order with our own mix of mulling spice.  It will knock the chill out. as will a few of our other items..., You can never have too much of a good thing!, who says a beer belly is a bad thing?  Certainally not us when that belly is a Ale Braised Heritage Pork Belly served on some of our homemade breads with crisp cabbage slaw and our Sweet Heat Pepper Relish. Goes great with a deviled egg and a malted carbonated beverage., Looking for a scratchy way to kick off your day?  We have a new sandwich for you!  Smokey Blacken-Seasoned Salmon w/ Maitland Farm greens, local tomatoes, crispy onions & green chili mayo on one of our delicious breads!  Sounds good, tastes better!, Have a case of the Mondays? May as well grab one of our tasty brisket reubens or one of our even spicier devil'd eggs., Giving a "Heads Up" to the hungry masses of Salem and the North Shore region Scratch will altering it hours for tomorrow due to a previously scheduled activity. Scratch will be closing after lunch at 3:00, so if you need a bacon fix be here before 3:00 or wait untill monday (if you can ;) ). sorry for the inconveinence, Nothin' better than toe tappin' and finger foodin' with the Christa Renee Duo and some smoked salt Edamame from Maitland Farms, for only $4! The music starts at 7, we'll see you in the dining room!, Hopefully the following is tempting enough to brave the rain...Scratch Rueben: dry cured house smoked brisket with homemade sauerkraut, Boggy Meadow Swiss cheese, and bacon infused 1000 island, on our rye bread.  also tastey is our White bean Falafel Veggy Wrap: Maitland greens, local tomatoes, house pickled veg, Pestoed V.V. Feta, and a tahini drizzle., Nothing beats bacon on a rainy day....and we make bacon. Coincidence???, The holiday may be over but here at Scratch Kitchen we're continuing the celebration with slightly spicy deviled eggs, falafel-inspired wraps, and yep, you guessed it, BACON!, There is a new whim a brewing... a melange of farmers market vegetables, eggplant from Wally's, pole beans from Maitland, tomatoes from First Light served with a navy bean fritter (falafel if you will).  also making a return are the spicy deviled eggs, get some before James does., Looking for a spot to enjoy some good food and tunes? well tonight you are in luck here at Scratch  we have Andy O'Brien playing from 7-10 and of course we'll be cookin to the grooves, who likes deviled eggs....who likes spicy deviled eggs....we do and are looking to share with you Hardy's Hatchery Spicy Deviled Eggs. the heat is provided by Maitland Farms aneheim peppers which we grilled, diced and mixed with our house made mayo and egg yolks, a little smoked paprika for posterity and smokey flavor. great accompaniment to any sandwich, Howdy all today we got a couple of tasty things happening, first up a garden veg wrap with balsamic mayo: heirloom tomatoes, lemon boy cucumber, bush baby squash, baby greens, pestoed mozzarella balls. Next up is a Misty Knoll Turkey salad with Sweet-Heat pepper relish with fresh tomato, pickled red onion, baby greens on any of our breads or try the everthing biscuit, In preparation for Miss Irene we will be battening our hatches @ 7:00. To be sure our crew is safe and sound at home. We'll see you all Monday!, looking for a tasty treat well come on down and grab a seat and try one of these. Smoked Salmon and Farmer Veg Biscuit: house smoked salmon lox, heirloom tomato, lemonboy cucumber, baby greens, caper-cream cheese spread. Or try the T.M.B.&E. : Heirloom tomato, Crispy Mozzarella, Scratch Bacon, Hardy's egg with greens and balsamic mayo, Looking for something to share we've got it Smoked local Bluefish Pate with grilled bread and pickles, New Sandwhich: Sliced  Heirloom tomato, baby greens, crispy mozzarella, balsamic mayo,  and......................bacon., For Lunch Today come try our Everything Biscuit with our smoked salmon lox hard cook Hardy's Hatchery egg, Maitland Farm greens, grilled pepper mayo, and pickled red onion, Kitchen's Whim is currently a Native Corn Succotash with a Maitland Farm Opal Basil Cream, Watermelon Lemonade?? What a perfect way to cool off. Thank you First Light Farm for your tasty watermelons! Come and try some, before it's gone!, Today's sandwich special is a Fried Mozzerella Po'Boy with local arugula and fresh tomatoes, sweet heat pepper relish and balsamic mayo.  Alternatively, come get your smoke on with the house-smoked blue fish sandwich.  And for those on the sweet side we have raspberry-caramel pudding., A great set was put on by Adam Payne, for those that dropped bye thanks, hope you enjoyed the tunes as much as we did. Looking forward to next Thurday with Elijah Clark., Got some new beers in today! Smuttynose's 'Old Brown Dog', Brooklyn Brewery's 'Pilsner', and Left Hand's 'Stranger'(an American Pale Ale). And they're all DELICIOUS, One fish two fish wer're smoking bluefish. Out of the smoker and into our bread is our smoked blue fish salad sandwich dressed with a sweet mustard caper dressing, pickled red onon, tender greens, and fresh tomato., Here are a couple local tastes Native Corn Soup with a Sweet Heat pepper cream, the heat comes from Maitlands farms chilis and the Corn is from Clark Farm.  We also doinf a Water melon and Arugula salad with Valley View Farms Goat cheese with a basamic driz and E.V.O.O., arugula is from Long Hill Orchard and melon from First Light Farm.  enjoy, Fresh whim hot off the stove.  Clark farms cauliflower and garlic bisque with pimento cheese, Here at Scratch Kitchen we have not only good food but also good tunes! Stop by tonight between 7 and 10 for a little or a lot of both, featuring our usual menu and the sounds of the talented Max Sullivan.  Who doesn't love bacon, ribs and rock n' roll?, Don't have to be a fine swine to dine on some Hog Heaven, Ratatouille Panini with First Light Farm's squash and peppers and Maitland Farm's eggplant and tomatoes. Mozzarella cheese and balsamic aioli on your choice of bread!, Today we finally got our sign up, I guess we are official now. Come on down and take a look and while your here you might as well come on in for bite., Just got back from farmers market, the tomotoes are coming, everything is looking really nice, hard not to get everything.  Looking Forward to grooving to the tunes of Joey Vellucci tonight played so good last week had to bring him back for a encore. Hope you all come down to feast with all your senses, Happy Monday everyone! Bringing back the Salmon sandwich special with a little twist: Salmon Lox with lemon confit and caper cream cheese, Maitland Farm's mixed greens, shaved fennel, pickled red onions on everything bread!, A couple of things fresh from the smoker Hertiage Pork St. Louis ribs with Scratch BBQ sauce, Smoked Blue Fish salad sandwich.  For those who like it spicy the whim is a mussel soup with a kick from Maitland farms jalapenos., Thanks to all our friends who came out to our Grand Opening party last night! Good friends, good beer, great food... what more could we ask for? You made the party, and we hope you enjoyed sampling what we have to offer. See you again soon!, House Smoked Native Blue Fish Salad with pickled Maitland Farm's green beans, fresh tomato and garlic mayo on your choice of bread!, We also have a new whim: Black bean soup with Maitland Farm's Jalapenos and roasted veggie sofrita. Slightly spicy and delicious!, New local beers from Clown Shoes Brewery out of Ipswich! We have their White Clementine(a nice summer beer with a balance between the citrus and the hops, we find it quite refreshing) and Lubrication(rich in flavor light in body, perfect for our smoked meats) in 12 oz bottles and their Tramp Stamp and Brown Angel in their 22 oz bottles!, Heat got you down today? Cool off with our vichysoise, a chilled potato and onion soup, or enjoy a crisp, cold spinach and quinoa wrap! And as always, nothing cools you down like one of our ice-cold craft brews!, We've got a bone to pick...well actually you have a bone to pick with tomorrows special Scratch Smoked Ribs, St. Louis style smoked over apple wood with our own b.b.q. rub available by the bone., House smoked salmon with lemon confit and caper cream cheese, shaved red onions and Maitland Farm's mixed greens on your choice of toasted bread(we recommend the rye)!, Eat Fresh Food - Share Fresh Ideas:

Thursday, July 28, 5:00-7:00 p.m.
Where: 245 Derby St. (corner of Derby and Congress Sts.), Salem, MA 01970
Tickets: $10 advance or $15 at the door (sample menu items, live music,
cash bar with craft-made beer and wine)
 
  

For Tickets:
Lolli Leeson (lolli.juicedup@gmail.com)
or Lori Tremblay (lori.juiceplushealth@gmail.com)
call Lori at 978-857-7619, We also got a great wrap situation happening with baby spinach, quinoa, pickled baby turnips, green beans, pestoed Valley View farms goat feta, with a muddled raspberry vinaigrette., Today's whim is a smoked lobster gumbo with 
Scratch bacon., And for those transplanted southeners looking for a taste of home with a New England twist try our homemade pimento cheese with smoked lobster on griddled bread., For the veggie lover out there, come try our farmers market salad wrap featuring greens from Maitland Farm, Pesto whipped goat feta from Valley View Farms, green beans, and pickled baby turnips, Sandwich special: House smoked local lobster with fresh made pimento cheese griddled on our scratch white bread!, Scratch Chacarero! Griddled beef with Smiths Farm's gouda, Clarks Farm's green beans, Maitland Farm's grilled anaheim pepper mayo and avocado salad on a roll!, Farmers Market Salad(can also be a wrap): Maitland Farm's greens, pickled First Light Farm's turnips, grilled local squash, Valley View's goat feta and our new muddled raspberry vinaigrette., Come eat lobster! The lobster tacos are moving fast, get them while they last, we're poets and we know it.   And on a hot summer day such as today what better way to cool off than with homemade ice cream - choose from buttermilk blueberry or maple bacon., Come check out Wednesdays specials:1 Lobster salad taco with scratch made cocktail sauce (bacon infused of course) over Maitland farm greens. 2 Fennel cured and smoked salmon lox with grilled First Light farms squash, Maitland farm mixed greens, pickled red onion, and a creamy honey mustard sauce all wrapped up.  The whim will be a vegetable and white bean soup with herb pesto and house croutons, In celebration of the 4th we are preparing a easy way to enjoy lobster, a Lobster Salad B.L.T. featuring fresh maine lobster, scratch made bacon, Maitland farms greens, local mass grown tomatoes, on some of our homemade bread. also available will be the grilled squash and feta sandwich and Smoked salmon wrap. all perfect for the beach, The 4TH is best celebrated with friends and family, so in that spirit we will be open for lunch from 11:00 am to 4:00 pm to assist all our new friends who need some sustenace and will be closed for dinner to spend time with our families. (and check out the fire works), Today's Sandwich Special, for all vegetarians out there, features grilled squash from First Light Farm in Topsfield, MA with feta and arugula.  Pescetarians can delight in a wrap with house-smoked salmon lox, grilled asparagus, pickled radishes and honey-mustard dressing.  And the whim is barbecue brisket and bean soup!, Scratch just got better Looking, thanks in part to local artists Len and Lori Tremblay who have graced our walls with some amazing photographs.  Come on down and take a gander (and while your here might as well get something to eat too)., Today's Whim is a smoked brisket and navy bean soup in a BBQ stock., And for those in know the "Ode to Elvis" will be permanently on the off menu, all you have to do is ask and you shall receive our tasty sticky bacony treat., We got Our first delivery from Maitland Farms today, a bin of beautiful looking baby mixed greens, perfect for the scratch salad.  Maitland greens will also be featured in a wrap with our house cured and smoked salmon lox with grilled asparagus, pickled radishes, and whipped Valley View Farms goat feta with pesto., ANOTHER SANDWICH SPECIAL!! Maitland Farm arugula, grilled asparagus, Valley View feta cheese and pesto on your choice of bread! Hey, you can even add bacon!, Sandwich Special: ODE TO ELVIS! Homemade peanut butter, bananas foster jam and house smoked bacon griddled on our white bread! Today's Whim: Ginger and Carrot soup with our herb sour cream. Come on down!, We at Scratch Thank you all for the generous response we have received. We are looking forward to  having some fun here and cooking up some good food too., Tomorrow sandwich special an ode to Elvis a griddled bacon sandwich with homemade peanut butter and a bananas "foster" jam on our rustic white bread., Sandwich Special! Buttermilk dipped fried shrimp served on your choice of bread with mixed greens, tomatos, pickled onions and a homemade paprika remoulade(AKA FANCY TARTER SAUCE)., Today's whim potato and smoked onion soup with a herbed sour cream and potato chip garnish. Perfect to ward off the chill., No better way to ward off a rainy day than a smoked meatball sandwich made of beef and pulled pork smoked in house with some zippy pickled jalapenos baked in our own BBQ sauce and smoked fresh mozzarella., Hey everybody, why not stop by for our Bacon and Seafood Gumbo??? Made with mussels and haddock, it's fresh today... get it while it lasts! Or try today's sandwich special: a smoked meatball sub with our house-made bbq, smoky mozzerella, and a couple kickin' pickled jalapenos! Mmmmm... only at Scratch!, For all you neighborhood friends, why not try some of our new dips and wine on your way home from work? We've got a blue cheese fondue and a smokey onion and herb dip!, Join us tonight for the bruins game. Blue cheese fondue with fries. Smoked onion dip with potato chips. Sloppy joes made with bacon,BBQ sauce, and smoked mozzarella. Better enjoyed with one of our fine craft beers, Three news specials! 
Soup - A red pepper bisque chilled with chipotle cream and croutons! 
Lasagna - Spinach, roasted red peppers, feta, ricotta cheese and pesto!
 Last, but not least.. 
Sandwich special - 'Sloppy Joe' by Scratch Kitchen including B.B.Q. and Bacon sauce beef with house smoked mozzarella on a roll with pickles! 

Try one or try them all!, Our current Sandwich Special is House smoked fresh mozzarella and roasted asparagus and tomato compote pressed with our house spread(Herb Pesto Mayo)!, Our bacon is just hangin' !, Fresh batch of bacon out of the smoker. Looking good smells better!, Awesome opening day! Off to a great start. Open til 8, come on down!, Opening up this Wednesday May 18th! Come get your eat on!)