List(null, null, null, null, Just two weeks away!, Excited to be back from maternity leave, and super excited to announce this fun wedding event in August! If you're a potential bride/groom interested in some FREE tickets send me a message at jess@brownbutterbakers.com. More details to come..., A late Merry Christmas and Happy New Year! What better way to celebrate than with an igloo ice cream cake., So honored and excited to be a part of Sugar Rush again this year. August 27th, still time to get tickets!, Endless possibilities for this adorable monogram cake, Tosci's ice cream + Brown Butter cookies = match made in heaven, Congrats Lauren & Nick! What a gorgeous day to get married...lucky you!, Latest reveal cake for one lucky mama-to-be! And not just because she gets to eat a BBB cake :), Wedding season is officially among us! The first of many this year..., Now that's what I call mise en place., ...and we're live., Kermit!!, BYOB (BuildYourOwnBiscuit) every Saturday and Sunday at Toscanini's - choose from yummy toppings like homemade onion jam or lavender honey butter. You know you want one..., Fresh from the oven. Come and get 'em., Time for a poll in honor of VDay! What's your favorite pick-up-line?? 

(If you're in need of ideas stop by Toscanini's to check out our cookies!), Rubber Ducky Cake, I'm awfully fond of you..., Come stop by and say hello! Plenty of samples to go around :)

https://www.facebook.com/events/1388832768043895/, Guess where we'll be this Saturday? That's right! Hanging out with our good friends at Taza. Stop by between 12-3pm to sample some tasty treats!, Channeling our neighbors down under in the midst of summer with this pretty pavlova....hoping it appeases the gods of pastry and these frigid temps come to an end!, Quite appropriate for today, I think. Happy Snow Day!, Merry Christmas from Brown Butter! Hope your holidays are merry and bright and filled with sweets!, Need a last minute gift? Do you like cookies, fudge and chocolates? Our sweet-filled stocking stuffer is a no brainer. You even get a free latte if you bring the cup back to Tosci's!, Out for a snowy walk? Head on over to Toscanini's for some homemade cardamom marshmallows to melt into your hot cocoa/mocha/coffee...endless possibilities., Secret's out - it's a boy!, Check us out in the latest Edible Boston!, Miss those autumn leaves...when did winter get here?, Sneak preview of the TG menu at Toscanini's - head on over to try a sample today!, Congrats to the newlyweds, Kristi and Joel! So happy to be part of their big day., All right, it's time to start planning for Turkey Day! Pick up an apple pie or chocolate hazelnut tart for dessert and some cinnamon rolls for Black Friday Breakfast! Call 617.491.5877 or stop by Toscanini's to place your order., That's right folks, nothing says Turkey Day like apple pie and ice cream...details to follow, Thank you Boston Magazine for featuring our Coconut Layer Cake front and center!!!, It's not too late to get your Halloween cupcakes for Thursday! Email jess@brownbutterbakers.com to place your order., Everybody's favorite: the pretzel roll!, Toasted coconut s'more bites...who wants one??, This one goes out to all the chocoholic papas out there, including my own :), Enough said., Don't let this warm weather fool you - fall is here and so is our pumpkin cream cheese muffin to start it off right!, Happy 2nd (still can't believe it's October)...what a perfect day to show off this 2nd Birthday extravaganza!, What a fun event at the Peabody Essex Museum last night!, For those of you who haven't heard...as of this week Brown Butter pastries are now available at Toscanini's in Central Square! Check out tomorrow's selection including Banana Chocolate Chip Bread and Apple Sour Cream Coffee Cake., Don't forget to come down to the Taza Factory Store tomorrow from 10am-1pm! We'll be debuting our coconut cashew crunch bars and would LOVE to hear your feedback., When it comes to party favors, what could be better than homemade cookies??, It's a cookie bagging party! Who wants an invite?, We really pull out all the stops when it's one of our own :) HAPPY BIRTHDAY HUNTER!!!, Can't believe our Taza Pastry Pop-up is just a week away! *Spoiler alert* these ingredients will be featured. Any guesses what we're making??, Wild blueberry streusel muffin....unwrap, devour, repeat., This cool fall weather's got us itching to make some PIE!, September's here, which means back to school. If only you could replace history with something fun like cake decorating....oh wait, now you can! 

Come let us teach you how to make gorgeous cakes...or just come eat cake. Either way, it's a win win., SO thrilled to be a part of Krysten & Lee's big day! Hope the weather held out for you!!, Ooey gooey cinnamon rolls...perfect for a dreary day, Happy 1st Birthday Grayson & Scarlett! Love, Brown Butter, A sneak peek behind the scenes...., null, Quick! Who wants to be the 100th like for BBB?? We'll give ya a big fat hug., Another satisfied customer. 
Happy Birthday, Lindsey!, Mark your calendars! On September 21st Taza Chocolate is hosting a very special pastry pop-up featuring yours truly. One day only to get the goods!, And the recipe testing continues! Next up fig and almond rugelach, Bees, owls....it seemed to be a flight-themed weekend, So honored to make our first reveal cake! Congrats to the lucky mama :), Busy day for Brown Butter!, Butterscotch brioche anyone?, What a fantastic event last night! There are some truly spectacular pastry chefs in Boston and everyone really showcased their talent. Thanks again to everyone at No. 9 Park for hosting. Hope to be a part of it again next year!, Whistle Pig rye and roasted corn muffins. Perfect to go with some baby back ribs., Wedding cake tasters! Which begs the question: why is anything miniature so darn cute?, Late night brainstorming session...(and yes, 10pm is considered late night for a baker!), Whipping up some rose petal syrup for Sugar Rush on Tuesday!, Got a summer birthday? Wedding? Baby shower? Give us a shout and we'll whip up a gorgeous cake or cupcakes for your shindig., 'Cuz sometimes we're fancy like that, This just in: Jess will be participating in the first ever Sugar Rush at No 9 Park! Be sure to get your spot for August 6th - details below..., Cake boxes are here! Now it's time to fill them with something tasty :), Pie fresh out of the oven, who needs another reason to celebrate?, Mid-afternoon scone trial...raspberry orange and chocolate cherry. Anyone care for a spot of tea?, Yea, labels are ok, but there is something special about a good old fashioned rubber stamp., Recipe testing in full swing...almost perfected the brown butter chocolate chip cookie, We've been working hard on our logo with the help of the oh-so-talented Nate Laffan. This is just a teaser, you'll have to wait and see the real thing..., null, null)