List(Our brand new Grill Zone is officially open for business! Stop in this weekend and check it out!, We are so excited to announce that the 2016 session for our On The Grill cooking classes have been officially launched. Check out the link below to see a complete listing of all of the classes we will be offering this year. To make it more convenient, we are now selling the spots for the classes online! Remember, the classes are $20 each and there are only 12 spots per class. They fill up fast so hurry and reserve your spots today!, null, New YETI item!!! In stock now! While Supplies Last!, Happy Easter!!, How to update your curb appeal with Matt Fox at our Home & Garden Expo

#homeandgardenexpo2016 #hartvillehardware, Come check out our Kids Zone from 10-2 where your kids can enjoy FREE face painting,  balloon artist, popcorn & lemonade, magician, educational seminars for kids, and sign up for our Carhartt Kids Club! 

#homeandgardenexpo #hartvillehardware, This pig is now in place in our NEW Grill Zone!! Come check it out today at our Home & Garden Expo! 

#traeger #homeandgardenexpo2016 #grillzone #hartvillehardware, Jason Cameron on stage now at our Home & Garden Expo!

#homeandgardenexpo #hartvillehardware, Today is the day! Come out and join us!, We are so close! Less than 2 hours away from the start of our Weber Grill Off! Come out to Hartville Hardware tonight and watch the grillers in action, then at 6:30, taste what they have made. While you're here make sure you register to win a brand new Weber!, Tomorrow, for our Home & Garden Expo, our AccuSharp rep will be here all day doing free sharpening on knives, scissors, shears and more. He will be located in the tool department near the log cabin., Need some color in your outdoor living space this Spring? We've got it here in the Outdoor Living Dept.! 

#OutdoorLiving #SpringIsHere #HartvilleHardware #WeLoveTheOutdoors, Due to the funeral procession for a local firefighter, the intersection of Rt. 619 and Cleveland Ave will be closed tomorrow afternoon, Saturday, March 26th from 1:30 PM - 2:00 PM. Our thoughts and prayers are with the family of this young man.

If you are planning to travel to one of our businesses at that time, please consider the following alternate routes.

From the North take 224E to 43S. Follow 43S for approximately 4 miles. Turn right onto 619. Our businesses are located on the left approximately 1.3 miles down on 619.

From the South take 77N to the Akron-Canton Airport Exit. At the light turn right onto Lauby Rd. Take the next right at Greensburg Rd (this becomes State St). Follow State St for 3.2 miles. Turn left onto Market Ave N. Follow Market Ave for 3.7 miles. Turn left onto 619. Our businesses are located on the left approximately half a mile down on 619., We are excited to have Purina joining us on Saturday for our Home & Garden Expo. Here is what they will be covering..., Want to know more about raising bees? Interested in starting your own hive?, Tom is sooo excited to talk to you about how to get your outdoor power equipment in tip top shape for spring!, A message from Jason Cameron!, We just had a couple spots in our grill off open up. If you are interested in competing this week to win a brand new Weber Grill, please click the link below to register ASAP., We're getting so excited!, Spring is officially here....so, who is ready for Spring Cleaning??, We have radio stars in our midst!, LIVE Now!, Join us today from 12:00 - 4:00 at WNIR's very own Bob Golic does his radio show LIVE from Hartville Hardware!, null, In preparation for our big Home & Garden Expo, we are pleased to share with you the following from our neighbors, The Comfort Suites!

Stay next door at the New Hartville Comfort Suites and enjoy a hot breakfast buffet included in your special event rate.  Simply call 330 – 587 – 4347 and mention special rate code LHART6 to reserve a King Suite for $89 or a Suite with Two Queens for $99.  Receive a complimentary Shopping Tote for each reservation placed., Another batch of chicks has arrived!

#hartvillehardware #ChicksDigUs #Chickcuzzi #PickingUpChicsPt2, Thinking about a DIY weekend bathroom update?  We have three vanities available "AS IS" open box on sale now in our Bath Dept. (one each of 24", 36", and 48") For more info stop in or call our Bath Dept., Next time you are in the store check our "Modern Kitchen" Display inside the Rowhouse - this morning it got a flooring makeover!  This is a vinyl plank product that clicks together, which means no glue required, easy and quick installation.  Let us know what you think!, Don't forget to turn your clocks forward one hour tonight before you go to bed!, Find out soon where this "pig" will be in our store!!, null, Spring Flowers for sale at the front entrance $7 each, Don't miss our Home & Garden Expo!, Check out our next BIG event!, Chicks have arrived! If you are thinking about starting your own back yard flock, stop in and pick some up. Chicks are $2.99 and you must purchase a minimum of 6 Chicks. Remember these are not pets but for those interested in raising Chickens for eggs., Today Hartville Hardware turns 44!!  Thank you to all of our Customers, Employees, and Vendors who have played a huge part in our success. We are thankful to be able to serve our community for 44 years and counting! God has been so good to us! 

#hartvillehardware #happybirthdayHH, Out with the old...in with the new!! What do you think of the new floor in our Idea House Grand Closet room?, null, We've opened up a few more seats for our upcoming Chick Days presentation. Please click the image below to RSVP and make sure that you have a seat!, We've opened up a few more seats for our upcoming Chick Days presentation. Please RSVP now to make sure that you have a seat!, We've opened up a few more seats for our upcoming Chick Days presentation. Please RSVP now to make sure that you have a seat!, We've opened up a few more seats for our upcoming Chick Days presentation. Please RSVP now to make sure that you have a seat!, We've opened up a few more seats for our upcoming Chick Days presentation. Please RSVP now to make sure that you have a seat!, It's beginning to look a lot like Spring in our Outdoor Living Dept..., Looking for a great price on a grill? You are in luck..., Yeti is up to his usual shenanigans! Stop in to check out a cooler large enough to hold a yeti! 

#YetiCoolers #HartvilleHardware, Interested in starting your own backyard flock? Don't miss our Purina Chick Days seminar on March 3rd. Seating is limited and you must pre-register by clicking the link below., We are getting very excited for our upcoming Weber Grill Off. You won't want to miss your chance to win a brand new Weber Grill! Sign up to compete today!, Educational seminars going on now! Will be reported tomorrow starting at 9am!, We have great deals in our Clearance Cove!!, Giant Tool Sale & Expo going on now at Hartville Hardware! Come out for seminars, Demos, amazing deals, free popcorn and lemonade and 50 cent hot dogs! We are having fun today!!, We are super excited for our Giant Tool Sale & Expo that starts tomorrow. Here's a quick video of what you can expect., Meet Flint - a retractable lint roller! Perfect for your purse ladies! This product can be found at the front of the store near the cash registers. Check out this video: https://youtu.be/z4fobz03icE, We are getting pumped for the Giant Tool Sale & Expo this weekend! If you have never been to one, check out all that you can see!, Free Dyson Tune-ups today until 4pm!, Today is the day!  Don't  forget to bring your Dyson vacuum into the Hardware today between 10a-4p for your free Dyson tune-up!, Don't miss this awesome FREE event at our sister business Hartville MarketPlace & Flea Market today!, null, Tomorrow (February 13) will be the last Saturday for the inflatable slide and it's supposed to be really cold outside so come have some fun indoors from 10a-5p!, Today is the last day to vote for us in the People's Choice awards for KBIS Innovative Showroom contest!  Please click the link below and then simply click on the picture of the Idea House to vote for us, it only takes a second!  Thanks for your support!, null, Please vote for Hartville Hardware for the KBIS Innovative Showroom Awards! It only takes a couple seconds to click on the link below and then click on the photo of the Idea House by tomorrow, Friday Feb. 12th!, Are you looking for a good deal on a new bathroom vanity cabinet? You are in luck because we have 2 displays for sale in our Bath Department!, null, Check out this awesome event happening this Saturday at our sister business...Hartville MarketPlace!, Be sure to stop out for our FREE Dyson Tune-Up Event this Saturday, February 13th from 10a-4p! Bring your Dyson in to the store and get it professionally cleaned at no charge!, Please vote for Hartville Hardware for the People's Choice 2016 Kitchen & Bath Industry Innovative Showroom Awards! Click the link below and vote for us by Friday February 12th (look for the Idea House photo) Thank you!! http://woobox.com/hydp98, Ever been to the Giant Tool Sale & Expo? Here's what you can expect to experience!, null, Last Call! 90% off Christmas Shop!, The Farm & Pet Dept. at Hartville Hardware would like to let you know of a new product category we have recently added: Beekeeping supplies are now in stock in aisle 6!

#hartvillehardware #DoYouWantToBeABeekeeper #LocalHoneyIsTheBest, The Christmas Shop will go to 70% off on Monday, January 18th!, Come out today from 10a-5p for some fun!, Tomorrow from 10a-5p we will have our inflatable slide up for anyone who wants to get out of the house and do something fun with the kiddos!, Hartville Hardware has a full-time Service Technician position available. The job requires a person who is detail-oriented, thorough and dedicated to doing a very thorough, complete and excellent job! The chosen person will perform complex diagnostics, service repairs and maintenance work on customer and/or dealer-owned turf equipment. Specifically, this would include compact utility tractors, UTVs and garden tractors.

Ideally, the person would have three or more years of experience performing service repairs on power equipment, as well as the same amount of experience performing service repairs on diesel engines.

The ability to accomplish repairs and maintenance using special tools and equipment and to follow technical manual procedures would also be expected. Expert knowledge of mechanical, electrical and hydraulic systems used in the repair of agricultural and turf equipment would also be desired.

The person must have the ability to lift 75 pounds repeatedly. Master Service Technician preferred.

Education must include a high school diploma or equivalent experience. An associate's degree is preferred. Valid driver's license is required; a CDL and forklift license also preferred.

Applicant must be able to produce high quality work in a timely manner. Must pass both background and drug assessments. Must be organized and detail-oriented. Computer literacy is also a big plus.

If you think you have the abovementioned necessary qualifications, please send your resume and contact information to sshea@hartvillehardware.com and let us know that you are interested in this dynamic full-time position., Now that Winter is officially here we look to entertain ourselves indoors.  Don't you need more face-time with your family instead of more screen-time? How about a family game night! A game of strategy for 2-6 players....The Game of 99! Pick one up today for only $12.95., Guess what is at the Hardware today!? Our inflatable dual slide is up from 10am-5pm in the Christmas Shop (where the Winter Wonderland was) bring your kids out for some indoor fun today! 

#hartvillehardware #welovetohavefun, What home improvement projects do you have planned for 2016?  Please share them with us!, Happy 2016!, Coffee lovers, have you heard the good news? The new GE Cafe French Door Refrigerator now has the Keurig K-cup brewing system! We have one on display, so come in and check it out in our Appliance Dept. today! 
Here is a video on how it works: https://youtu.be/D_4vlxeMBKw
#hartvillehardware #Keurig #KcupConvenience #GEAppliances, 50% off Christmas Shop! See store for details!, Countdown To CHRISTmas!
Today is the day...we celebrate the greatest gift of all time: Jesus!
Merry CHRISTmas from our family to yours!!

#hartvillehardware #CountownToCHRISTmas2015 #MerryCHRISTmas #JesusIsTheGreatestGiftOfAllTime, Merry Christmas from Hartville Hardware, Countdown To CHRISTMAS Gift Ideas!
 1 day to go...

Hartville Kitchen Specialty Foods - We recently added a food section in the front of our store where you can find specialty jams, spreads, salsas, and canned items to enjoy during your holiday get togethers.  Pick some up today, we are open until 4pm!  Happy CHRISTmas Eve!

#hartvillehardware #CountdownToCHRISTmas2015 #HartvilleKitchen, Countdown To CHRISTmas Gift Ideas!
2 days to go...

Socks, socks, and more socks! Who doesn't need socks for Christmas? They make a great stocking stuffer. From Carhartt, Under Armour, Wigwam Mills Inc., and SmartWool, we've got you covered! See our clothing dept. for the full selection of socks! 

#hartvillehardware #CountdownToCHRISTmas #socks, Hartville Hardware has a full-time job opening for the position of appliance delivery driver! The appropriate candidate will be able to move and install appliances into our customer's homes, be courteous and customer-service oriented. They should also be able to pass a drug test as well as a background test. This is a prime position in our company: day shift, Monday through Friday, great benefits! Please send information and resumes to sshea@hartvillehardware.com.

If we think you have a good chance for success in this position, we will contact you to begin preliminary pre-employment testing. Those results, combined with your past experience and references, may land you an interview! 

Serious inquiries only, please. We are looking to hire relatively quickly., Countdown To CHRISTmas Gift Ideas!
3 days to go...

Diamond Candles - Inside every deliciously fragrant Ring Candle, you’ll discover a surprise $10 ring packaged with a special code. Enter your code on our RINGREVEAL™ website to reveal if you’ve won another ring worth $100, $1000, or $5000. Lucky winners will choose their ring’s style and size from our exclusive ring collection. For the candle/ring lover on your shopping list see end cap on isle 17.

#hartvilleardware #CountdownToCHRISTmas2015 #DiamondCandles, Countdown To CHRISTmas Gift Ideas!
4 days to go...

Asobu Pill & Vitamin Organizer Water Bottle - Introducing the new, sleek “In Style” pill organizer & water bottle combined…the practical, modern way to keep your pills and water organized.

This smart water bottle is equipped with a built-in seven-compartment pill organizer, so you'll never be without water to wash down your daily medications-seven when you're on the go.
I brilliant gift idea that anyone can use! You can find this product in isle 16 of our Housewares Dept. Click the link below to see a short video showing how convenient this product really is.
https://youtu.be/mDBiea5A08s

#hartvillehardware #CountdownToCHRISTmas2015, Countdown To CHRISTmas Gift Ideas!
5 days to go...

Sub-Zero and Wolf small appliances are stocked and ready for the cook on your list!  See our Appliance Dept. for the whole selection!

#hartvillehardware #CountdownToCHRISTmas2015 #Wolf, Countdown To CHRISTmas Gift Ideas!
6 days to go...

Ninja Coffee Bar is great holiday gift for the coffee lover on your list.  Endless options for deliciousness. The Ninja Coffee Bar™ with Auto-iQ™ One-Touch Intelligence lets you enjoy coffee with incredible
flavor richness and in any size you want: a cup, a travel mug, half carafe or a full carafe.

#hartvillehardware #CountdownToCHRISTmas2015 #Ninja #Coffee, Countdown To CHRISTmas Gift Ideas!
7 days to go...

The DEWALT Tool Combo Kit includes 20v compact drill, impact driver, and work light all 3 for one great price $159.00 in our Tool Dept while supplies last.  This is the prefect gift for the tool guy on your list!

#hartvillehardware #CountdownToCHRISTmas2015 #DeWalt #stockthattoolshed, Countdown To CHRISTmas Gift Ideas!
8 days to go...

Dyson Cordless Vacuum - We have 4 models in stock.  The V6 Absoulte is on sale for $419.99, regular price $599.99 (If you do the math thats a savings of $180.00!) plus it includes 4 accessories in the box!  What a great gift for someone on your list!

#hartvillehardware #CountdownToCHRISTmas2015 #Dyson, Countdown To CHRISTmas Gift Ideas!
9 days to go...

John Deere Riding Toys! How much fun would the children on your shopping list have with these toys!? See our John Deere Dept. for a selection of John Deere and other brand toys!  

#hartvillehardware #CountdownToCHRISTmas2015 #JohnDeereKids, null, Countdown To CHRISTmas Gift Ideas!
10 days to go...

Big Green Egg - Not Dr. Seuss style... We are talking about "the only outdoor cooker you'll ever need"! You can cook anything on this guy. If you've ever been to our annual EggFest you will know what we are talking about. Offered in a variety of sizes in our Seasonal Dept. This is a great gift to give someone on your list this year.

#hartvillehardware #CountdownToCHRISTmas  #TheBigGreenEgg, A couple of weeks ago, we had the absolute privilege to take part in a "wish" for a little boy who was working with the Wishes Can Happen foundation. Matthew and his older brother Antonio had a great time while visiting our store and we couldn't have been more blessed to show these brothers the love of Jesus., null, Countdown To CHRISTmas Gift Ideas!
11 days to go...

KitchenAid Stand Mixers - Baking is just the beginning. With 10 speeds and more than 12 available attachments, the legendary Stand Mixer can whip up everything from pasta to ice cream, sausage to salsa and so much more. Plus with all the color options available it is sure to make a statement in the kitchen! For the cook on your list check out our selection in isle 12 in the Housewares Dept.

#hartvillehardware #CountdownToCHRISTmas2015 #KitchenAid, Countdown to CHRISTmas Gift Ideas!
13 days to go...

Hot socks Foot Therapy - Do you know someone who is always complaining that they are cold? Why not get them Hot Socks for Christmas to keep them warm and quiet! These are good for tired achy feet as well as those with diabetes. They are located near the registers in the front of our store.

#hartvillehardware #CountdownToCHRISTmas2015 #hotsocks, Congratulations to Gordon Brown on being our latest $1,000 shopping giveaway winner!, Countdown to CHRISTmas Gift Ideas!
14 days to go...

Know anyone who would like to update their bathroom vanity for Christmas? Well you are in luck because we have a vanity combo for a great price in stock! See the display on the end cap of isle 36 in our Home Decor Dept. This 30" vanity cabinet and top are only $113.96!! 

#hartvillehardware #CountdownToCHRISTmas2015 #bathroomremodelanyone, Countdown to CHRISTmas Gift Ideas!
15 days to go...

Shark Tank fans, you have to check out our Shark Tank end cap of isle 31 in the Paint Dept. Here we feature lots of great products you've seen on the show including ReadeREST, Reviver, FiberFix, The Paint Brush Cover, Drop Stop, and more! These are some real practical items for the people on your list who like gifts that they can really use!

#hartvillehardware #CountdownToCHRISTmas2015 #SharkTank, Countdown to CHRISTmas Gift Ideas!
16 days to go...

We've got all Ohio Sports merchandise on hand for the sports fans on your list this year.  Including 3D Stadium Art of the Browns, Indians, and Buckeyes! See our Christmas Gift Area inside the front West Entrance for the full selection!

#hartvillehardware #CountdownToCHRISTmas2015 #OhioSportsFans, Have you seen our Christmas gift area near the Log Cabin inside the front West entrance? It features gift ideas conveniently categorized by price making it easy to shop for everyone on your list.  Check it out next time you are in and get your Christmas shopping done all in one stop! 
#hartvillehardware #CHRISTmas2015, Countdown to CHRISTmas Gift Ideas!
17 days to go...

Darth Vader Toaster! - If you are a Star Wars fan and a pop tart fan, then you will love this unique toaster! You can find this fun, yet practical gift for only $49.99 on the end cap of isle 16 in our Housewares Dept. or in the Christmas Gift area near the Log Cabin. 

#hartvillehardware #CountdownToCHRISTmas2015 #StarWarsToast, Have you ever tried Deep Green Stain Remover? A representative demonstrated Deep Green at our Tool Sale Nov 20-21. 125 people bought the product that weekend, and one customer from Canton came back the second day raving about Deep Green. Here is what she said: 
"I give this product ✨✨✨✨✨ And can’t wait to see what it cleans next. Each Christmas I give my daughters and daughter-in-law my “favorite thing” that I discovered during the year. This year they are all receiving Deep Green Stain Remover. This product is unbelievable. I went to a tool sale with my husband and saw a demonstration being done on Deep Green. I wanted to see how it would rejuvenate my fiberglass tub. I also had dull Corian in the kitchen. Once I started cleaning I went from one room to the next Giving Deep challenge after challenge. I love the results I get. I went back to the Hardware store and purchase the ones for Santa to deliver. I was actually running across the parking lot because I was afraid the product would be sold out." 

You can get this amazing product in our Paint Dept. And check out Hartville Hardware featured on Deep Green's website: 
http://deepgreenstainremover.com/, Countdown to CHRISTmas Gift Ideas!
18 days to go...

The 2.0 K200 Keurig - The K200 series brewer allows you to brew a 4-cup carafe with the same ease and convenience of brewing a single-serve cup — all at the touch of a button. It’s so smart, and so simple! And nothing like a typical coffee maker.

The Keurig® 2.0 K200 brewer also features revolutionary Keurig 2.0 Brewing Technology,™ designed to read the lid of each K-Cup® or K-Carafe® pod to brew the perfect beverage every time. There’s even a separate setting for specialty beverages such as hot cocoa, chai, and mochas.The Keurig 2.0 comes in fun colors such as strawberry or Turquoise to match your personality or decorative style.  See our selection of all things Keurig in isle 12 of our Housewares Dept.!

#hartvillehardware #CountdownToCHRISTmas2015 #Keurig, Countdown to CHRISTmas Gift Ideas!
20 days to go...

Popcorn!! - Who doesn't enjoy the buttery, salty goodness especially during the Winter months?  Aisle 12 in our Housewares Dept. is dedicated to this yummy snack!  Want movie theater popcorn at home? Try the Presto Theater air popper for only $69.99!  Or get a decorative popcorn holder and fill it with popcorn kernels and toppings making your own popcorn gift basket for the popcorn lover on your list!

#hartvillehardware #CountdownToCHRISTmas2015 #movienightisinyourfuture #poppop, Countdown to CHRISTmas Gift Ideas!
21 days to go...

Don't forget your furry friends this Holiday season.  See the end cap in aisle 9 for a selection of gifts your pets are sure to enjoy this Christmas. 

#hartvillehardware #CountdownToCHRISTmas2015 #woofwoof #meowmeow #weloveourfurryfamilymembers, Countdown to CHRISTmas Gift Ideas!
22 days to go...

YETI Coolers - Check out our Yeti section in aisle 3&4 
Yeti will be happy to see you! (but don't worry he doesn't come to life during business hours)
Coolers from $199.99 and accessories from $4.99

#hartvillehardware #CountdownToCHRISTmas2015 #YetiCoolers #KeepIceLonger, Countdown to CHRISTmas Gift Ideas!
23 days to go...

CORKCICLE Canteens - A revolutionary new bottle that keeps drinks ice cold for 25 hours and hot for 12.  Available in three different sizes and 14 different colors! Find this product on the end cap of aisle 12 in our Housewares dept. starting at $19.95.

#hartvillehardware #CountdownToCHRISTmas2015, Countdown to CHRISTmas Gift Ideas!
24 days to go...

Assorted Swan Creek Candle Value Pack for only $10.99 includes 2 scented candles and Hartville Hardware branded matches.  This gift can be found on the end cap between isle #2 & 3.

#hartvillehardware #CountdownToCHRISTmas2015, Happy December friends! :)

This month we are doing a Countdown to CHRISTmas by giving you gift ideas for everyone on your shopping list!, The Christmas Shop is overflowing with Christmas decor and gifts.  Even Yeti found his way to our Winter Wonderland and is getting excited for this Holiday season! From all of us at Hartville Hardware, Merry Christmas! 
#AfterHoursWithYeti #hartvillehardware #MerryChristmas #haveyourselfaveryYetiChristmas, Shop Local. Eat Local. Spend Local. Enjoy Local. It takes you to start the trend.  Support the local businesses who support the area where you live, work, and play. #shopsmall, These awesome sales are going on all day today until 6pm! 
20% off bag sale, 30% off Christmas Shop, 30% off Carhartt, 20% off Under Armor, $40 off Dyson, and more! 

Bring your kiddos because Santa is here until 12pm and Frozen's Olaf will be here from 12-2pm today! Your whole family will enjoy #SmallBusinessSaturday here at Hartville Hardware!

#shopsmall #SmallBusinessSaturday #hartvillehardware, The money you spend here stays here. Get out and #ShopSmall for Small Business Saturday today, Nov 28, and support your local community!, Get out and #ShopSmall on Small Business Saturday, Nov 28, to support the place you call home., null, Shop Local This Weekend! 
We are having a two day sale this weekend that includes our very popular 20% Bag...see link below for more details!
http://cdn.hartvillehardware.com/downloads/Events/DAT%20Flyer.pdf, null, Need a stocking stuffer idea for an adult? This is the hottest new trend: Adult coloring books!, null, Tomorrow, Tuesday, November 24, 2015 from 10 a.m. until 4 p.m., applications will be taken for open part-time cashier slots. Please note that you will ALSO be able to be seen by Human Resources for an initial interview when you come in. Please obtain an application from Customer Service and sign up to be interviewed. We thank you for your interest in employment at the Hartville Hardware!, Shop Local This Weekend! 
We are having a two day sale Friday & Saturday that includes our very popular 20% Bag...see link below for more details!

http://cdn.hartvillehardware.com/downloads/Events/DAT%20Flyer.pdf, In honor of Thanksgiving this week, what are you most thankful for this year?, Tool Sale Saturday! Come on in for popcorn, hotdogs, expo, vendors, demos, deals!! Santa and the Grinch are here too!, Come out today for all the savings & the fun at our Giant Tool Sale & Expo! Click on the Event page for all the details., Presentation Stage Schedule 

Fri. and Sat. at 9:00am New Sanding Techniques and Basic Sanding by Mirka
Presented by: Pete Kern
Sanding and Sandpaper Basics, the New Mirka DEROS, Dust Free Sanding Systems by Mirka, New Sanding and Sand paper technologies

Fri. and Sat. at 10:00am Water Base Finishes, Stains, and Milk Paint 101
Presented by: Tom Monahan
Upcycling furniture with General Finishes Milk Paints and Gel Stains

Fri. and Sat. at 11:00am Working Without a Tablesaw using Festool Track Saw
Presented by: Larry Smith
Get workshop results anywhere with the Festool Track saw. The first cut is the finish cut.

Fri. and Sat. at 12:00pm Bandsaw Set-up and Resawing
Presented by: Mark Duginske
Mark Duginske is a fourth generation Wisconsin woodworker, inventor, and best selling author. He is featured in the Fine Woodworking video MASTERING YIOUR BANDSAW. In 2005 he sold the 9 patents to Kreg Tool for their Precision Measuring System. He specializes in making a kitchenfrom a simple tree and will demonstrate the tune-up and resawing techniques he has developed.

Fri. and Sat. at 1:00pm Carving by Numbers
Presented by: Michael Davies
British Woodcarver, Teacher and Author Mike Davies will demonstrate his highly successful Carving by Numbers educational system

Fri. and Sat. at 2:00pm How to Create a Magnificent Pen
Presented by: the International Association of Penturners
Creating a pen using alternative materials other than wood

Fri. and Sat. at 3:00pm Wood Stabilization
Presented by: Dave Hout
Do you have a beautiful piece of wood that is too soft, too punky? The Wood Stabilization process takes otherwise unusable pieces of wood and transforms them into something that is usable. In this demonstration, we will discuss the process and equipment necessary for you to transform your wood right in your home shop., Today it begins...the Giant Tool Sale & Expo. Don't miss it!, One of our biggest events of the year is upon us! It's the Giant Tool  Sale and Expo...this Friday & Saturday. Don't miss all of the sales and this year, live presentations. Check out the event for more details...., We are so excited to have a great group of special guests joining us in our Winter Wonderland all throughout the Christmas season. Here is a schedule of who will be visiting and when!, Yeti is getting excited for our Tool Sale & Expo Event this weekend! Things are heating up in the wild wild Tool Dept.
#hartvillehardware #AfterHoursWithYeti #drillduel #wildwildwest #toolsale, null, Don't want to worry about cooking but still want to enjoy homestyle cooking this Thanksgiving? Here is your solution!, We have Little Helper Dyson vacuum cleaners on sale for only $29.99!  What a great Christmas gift idea for the little ones in your life! Here is one of our youngest customers enjoying using his Dyson to help mommy sweep the carpet! :), These two are excited to wear their Spiderman masks they found at Hartville Hardware to build a snowman this Winter! How cute are they!? #spiderman #doyouwanttobuildasnowman, We held our first ever Apparel showcase on Saturday October 24th, 2015 featuring Carhartt, Under Armor, and Skechers, They say a dog is a man's best friend, but what about Yeti's best friend?
#hartvillehardware #AfterHoursWithYeti #cleanupinfarmandpet, null, We enjoyed our special guests today!, The last Decorate with Dorthy Demonstration is at 4pm! There still time to come out and take advantage of the Christmas shop discounts as well we are open till 6 PM!, Live music, face painting, and balloon animals!  We are having so much fun today for our Christmas Shop open house!, Live nativity outside of the east entrance until 4 PM!, Photos with the Grinch going on until 2PM in our Christmas shop!, Larry LOVES our customers!, Santa is here until noon! Come get your FREE photo!, Elsa, Anna, and Olaf had a great time visiting tonight! We hope all the kiddos enjoyed meeting them as well! Please share your photos below!, We are so excited to have a live Nativity at our Christmas Shop Open House event this weekend! Come check it out at the East Entrance from 6-8pm!, Enjoy an evening with us at Hartville Hardware!  Our Christmas Shop Open House is in full swing and you can come meet Elsa, Anna, and Olaf behind the Idea House from 6-8pm.  Frozen merchandise 30% off sale tonight!, Our Christmas Shop Open House has officially begun. Stop in now to take advantage of our scratch off discounts. You can earn anywhere from 20% to 100% off your Christmas Shop purchase. Discount is only valid on Christmas Shop purchases. You must select all items before revealing your discount at the checkout. Not valid on sale items or special orders. Join us tonight for the following activities.

Friday, November 6th | 6:00 PM - 8:00 PM
 - Visit with Elsa, Anna & Olaf from Frozen
 - Live Nativity
 - Live Music
 - Free Refreshments, Our Christmas Shop Open House starts tomorrow! The savings will last all day on Friday and Saturday, but the special events are specific times. Make sure you check our event schedule for complete details.

https://www.facebook.com/events/531815980320300/, null, That awkward dinner party when you invite new friends over and no one talks...

#hartvillehardware #AfterHoursWithYeti #dinnerparty #yetineedssomecookingclasses, Fall Sale Items just went on sale 60% today!!, We are the Dealer of the Month for Olde Century Colors this month!, Happy November! What are you looking forward to this month!?, Renting a movie this weekend? You know what goes best with a movie...popcorn! Pick some up in our Housewares Dept. on the endcap between isle 11 & 12. #hartvillehardware #movieandpopcorn, Today is the last day to take advantage of this deal! Stop into our Farm & Pet Dept. today, we are open until 6pm!, Umm..is this the best way of making new friends Yeti? The best of friends stick together like glue {pun intended}. 
#hartvillehardware #AfterHoursWithYeti #GorillaGlue, Great article about historic downtown Hartville!, Hello Facebook Fans. We apologize for the inconvenience with our phone lines being down.  Just received word from AT&T that they detected trouble in our line.  The are now repairing but told us it could be another 1 - 3 hours.  If you would like to communicate via email send us emails at stockwatch@hartvillehardware.com.  Sorry again for the inconvenience., 5 more days left in FLOCKTOBER sale! Purina Premium Layena Crumbles & Pellets are on sale for only $13.97 for 50lb bags! Don't miss out, sale ends October 31st 2015., We are working hard building our Winter Wonderland in preparation for our upcoming Christmas Shop Open House. This magical land will be home to Santa, the Grinch and Olaf through the holiday season!, Check out the highlights from this past Saturday's What2Wear Apparel Showcase....and what happened the night before (Make sure you watch until the end or you will miss the good part). #hartvillehardware #what2wear #afterhourswithyeti, null, 20% Bag Sale going on now until Wednesday, October 28!!!!, What a great day we had at our What2Wear Apparel Showcase. Robin Swoboda came, hosted, and shopped extensively., Congratulations to Jerry Mattingly! He was our second winner today. He walked away with a $100 Carhartt Shopping Spree., Robin Swoboda is here hosting our What2Wear Apparel Showcase featuring Carhartt, Under Armour and SKECHERS today.  The first show was at 10am but if you missed out you can still make it for the 1pm show this afternoon! You could even win $100 Carhartt shopping spree!, Congratulations to Peggy Marchand from Uniontown. She was the lucky winner of our $100 Carhartt shopping spree. She attended our 10:00 Apparel Showcase and her name was picked as our winner. We will be doing another giveaway at our 1:00 show. Don't miss it., Excitement is building here at Hartville Hardware as we set the stage for our first ever What2Wear Apparel Showcase! Come check out this free event tomorrow with shows beginning at 10am and 1pm!  We'll have impressive one day sales on boots, Carhartt, and Under Armour going on all day!, Don't forget to join us this Saturday for one of of our Apparel Showcases. Show times are 10AM & 1PM. Take advantage of awesome sales, and be entered to win a $100 apparel shopping spree just by attending one of our shows., In honor of our "What2Wear" Apparel Showcase this weekend, we thought this video was appropriate and would make your Monday better! Enjoy! :) 

Hope to see you out this Saturday, October 24th for awesome sales in the Clothing Dept. all day and our Fashion Showcase at 10am and 1pm. See Event page for details., Who wouldn't want to do this!?!
#hartvillehardware #AfterHoursWithYeti #nomoreyetisjumpingonthebed #sealy, This 1976 Kitchen was more than ready for an update. The homeowner was tired of the 70s orange wallpaper and bright orange formica countertops. Removing walls between kitchen, dining and living spaces created a large open great room with vaulted ceilings. The beautiful Eagle Lodge Engineered wood floor brings this whole space together. Beautiful painted and glazed cabinetry brightened up the once dark Kitchen. Quartz countertops and tile backsplash update the Kitchen and the new layout. It's like a whole new house!, null, null, Ever wondered how Yeti does his laundry... 
Has this ever happened to you?
#hartvillehardware #AfterHoursWithYeti #laundry, Last cooking class of the 2015 session. Thank you to everyone that joined us for a class. You are all like family to us., In the market for new appliances? We have a great deal for you: Amana 4 piece Stainless Steel Appliance package for only $1998! See our Appliance Dept. for this great deal before it ends on October 17th, 2015!, null, Hartville Hardware proudly presents... "After Hours with Yeti" Episode 1 - The Pilot #hartvillehardware #afterhourswithyeti #nightatthehardware, Looking for something to do on a dark and gloomy day? Stop on out to Hartville Hardware for our John Deere Days event. Then, head on over to our sister business, Hartville MarketPlace & Flea Market for their big Fall Arts & Crafts show. They have 3 huge tents outside, so almost every crafter is under cover! :), Looking for some indoor family fun tomorrow? Your kids will love this slide which can be found in the John Deere Dept. from 10-2 tomorrow at our 'John Deere Days' event!, Don't forget to stop out and join us on Saturday for our John Deere Days. Lots of great activities for the kiddos and great sales on almost every John Deere product in stock including clothing (take 20% off regular priced items) and toys (take 10% off regular priced items)!, We wanted to let you know about a new product we just got in: Diamond Candles 
Inside every deliciously fragrant Ring Candle, you’ll discover a surprise $10 ring packaged with a special code. Enter your code on the RINGREVEAL™ website to reveal if you’ve discovered a ring worth $100, $1000, or $5000. Lucky winners will choose their ring’s style and size from our exclusive ring collection.

Get yours on the end cap in our Housewares Dept. between isle 17 and 18! Post photos below of the rings you have collected from your candles!, null, Something peculiar is going on here at Hartville Hardware!?! Here's a "Sneak Peek" of what happens after hours! #staytuned #tobecontinued #comingsoon #hartvillehardware, null, Been thinking about buying a Big Green Egg? Now's the time! We have a small number of Large Big Green Eggs with Nests and Plate Setters that were used in our cook off today. These are available for a very limited time for only $800. That is a savings $215! If you would like to secure one of these, please call our store ASAP at 330-877-3631 and ask for Anne in Outdoor Living., It's EggFest day! Come on out to Hartville Hardware today and see what the hype is all about!, Come out tomorrow from 10-2 for our 2nd annual EggFest!, null, Wondering what the heck a Big Green Egg is? Check out this quick little video from Dr. BBQ himself, and come out this Saturday to see what all the hype is about!, We have just a couple spots left in our Big Green Egg grilling contest that is happening this Saturday. If you are interested in participating, please contact Trista Todd at our store 330-877-3631 ASAP for more information and to register., null, null, Tomorrow night is the big night for our Lake Community Tailgate Party...who's gonna join us back at the MarketPlace?, Milwaukee Tool Event!  TODAY!!!!  Saturday, September 12 from 8am to 6pm!, Never Buy Laundry Soap Again! Come find out how TODAY from 10am -6pm in our Appliance Department. Ecowasher Rep will be here to answer your questions and get a $20 Hartville Hardware Gift Card with Purchase!, The Ohio Two Cylinder Club will be here tomorrow from 8-3 with a display of old tractors in our front parking lot near the utility tractors., Are you YETI for some football!! It's that time again and we have what you need for your tailgate and game day parties!!!!, We are still searching for a few good grillers!

Are you the master of the grill? Check out our upcoming Big Green Egg cook off on Saturday, September 26th. Sign up today to compete. Only 20 spots available. Click the link below to read all of the information about the contest as well as sign up.

http://www.hartvillehardware.com/product/60419/events, Never Buy Laundry Soap Again! Come find out how THIS SATURDAY in our Appliance Department. Ecowasher Rep will be here to answer your questions and get a $20 Hartville Hardware Gift Card with Purchase!, The Kitchen & Bath Department is honored to have earned the "Recommended" badge that goes only to top-rated pros on Houzz based on our customer reviews!  Thank you to all our customers who reviewed us and earned us this badge! Follow us on www.houzz.com/pro/hartvillehardware, Milwaukee Tool Event!  This Saturday, September 12 from 8am to 6pm!, Milwaukee Tool Event!  Next Saturday, September 12 from 8am to 6pm!, Are you the master of the grill? Check out our upcoming Big Green Egg cook off on Saturday, September 26th. Sign up today to compete. Only 20 spots available. Click the link below to read all of the information about the contest as well as sign up., We Now Sell Sealy Mattresses! On sale now through September 12!, Hartville Hardware has an immediate opening for a full-time appliance service technician. This job comes with full benefits and a competitive hourly wage. Those who are mechanically inclined and who may have experience with appliances should apply. The successful candidate will be able to pass a background check as well as a drug test. The chosen person will be someone who has interpersonal skills, can be a representative of Hartville Hardware in our customers' homes, and who cares about providing excellent customer service. 

Please send your resume, with a cover letter, to our human resources department via email sshea@hartvillehardware.com, null, We Now Sell Sealy Mattresses! On sale now through September 12!, null, We set up our 3-in-1 bounce house out front today! It's a bounce house with a rock climb and slide. Bring the kids and have some fun! It will be up until 4pm weather permitting., New Browns apparel is in! #falliscoming, Adult Coloring Books are the new hottest trend...get yours at Hartville Hardware!, Are you ready for Fall?  We are!  Stop in and get your Fall Decor in our Outdoor Living Dept., Stop in and check out our new Yeti Shop within the Outdoor Living Dept. located between isle number 3 and 4.  Take your own photo with our Yeti and post it below:, null, This Historic house in Canton needed to be refreshed. Before the Kitchen was very dark with wood paneling and it felt broken up by the large bulk head. We opened it up by removing the header going into the Kitchen. To lighten up the space we went with painted and glazed cabinetry and lighter airier tiles for flooring and backsplash selections. We removed the wood paneling around the brick chimney and exposed the original brick, which added great architectural detail to the space. Now the kitchen offers a lot more countertop space as well as storage because of the added height without the bulk head. We love the floating shelves and glass cabinet that also add to the open feeling of the new space. Some details that bring the wow factor include the Sub-Zero glass-front fridge, Wolf Range and Hood, Arched furniture base toe space detail, Dark Cambria Countertops the ground the space, and the classic 3x6 subway tile backsplash. The Butler's Pantry space right off of the kitchen is great too because it offers a microwave drawer, wine storage, small seating area and a TV.

We also remodeled a small powder room off of the kitchen with a lovely herringbone pattern marble floor, Kohler Tresham pedestal, and Moen Boardwalk Chrome fixtures. It's a classic look that fits in with the Historic characteristics of this home., Share your Pet Palooza photos from today's event below:, What a beautiful day for our Pet Palooza Event! Come on out with your pet and take part in the fun!, Who doesn't love these little guys!? Check out the "Minion" End Cap by isle 14 in our Housewares Dept., Do you have a perfect pooch who is great at doing agility courses? Sign him or her up for our agility contest tomorrow. There are three size categories and the best time from each category wins a $50 HH gift card! Sign ups will be from 10 AM - 12 PM at the Frost Kennels space in the exhibitor tent with the contest beginning at 12:30 PM!, Northeast Ohio's favorite news woman...Robin Swoboda will be on hand this Saturday hosting our stage in the greenhouse. Stop by to meet Robin and see awesome presentations and demonstrations from the Akron Zoo, Frost Kennels, Red Star Veterinary Clinic, the Stark County K9 unit and more!, We are so excited about our upcoming Pet Palooza this Saturday. Stop out for your chance to meet and greet Fox 8's Dick Goddard!, Come on out with your dog to our Pet Palooza event next Saturday, August 22nd, from 10am-2pm and try out the Dyson Pet Grooming tool!  Here is one of our furry-friends trying it out!, null, Hartville Hardware proudly presents...." STIHL Team 6"  
#hartvillehardware #Stihl #Stihlteam6 #worldsbestpowertools, Check it out! We've got all of our fountains priced to move...40% - 60% Off!!! Get them before they are all gone., Guess What!? You can now rent or buy the new Yeti Tank at Hartville Hardware!  Perfect for any get together!  You can rent ours and try it out before you buy your own! 
#HartvilleHardware #YetiCoolers #BuiltForTheWild #RentalDept #HomemadeIceCream #BeverageBucket #LifeoftheParty, Pick up your Spikeball set at Hartville Hardware and join the movement!
#HartvilleHardware #Spikeball #asseenonsharktank #thenextnewgreatamericansportishere #SummerFun, It's going to be a hot one today....great Summer day for ice cream, relaxing in the pool, and sun-baked cookies!  

What do you have planned?, Have you heard of Market2Go?, DeWalt Truck coming to Hartville Hardware this Saturday from 10am-3pm!, We have one opening for our July 15th Grilling Class: Savory Sitar Dishes...Indian Cuisine. The class begins at 6:00 and ends around 7:30. If you would like to secure this spot, please call 330-877-3631. The cost for the class is $20., Finish this sentence:  "The best part of Summer is.....", Happy 4th of July Everyone!!
Just a reminder, we are open until 2pm today., Come on out for our mid-year SIDEWALK Sale going on this weekend! Everything is 40-60% off! The Sidewalk Sale is located in front of the store at the East entrance.   
Today we are open 8a-8p and tomorrow (July 4th) from 8a-2p., Tour Our Store #hartvillehardware, #YetiCoolers #BuiltForTheWild #HartvilleHardware #Happy4th, Are you ready to get rid of the ugly 1970's Formica countertops in your Kitchen or Bathroom? Are you thinking about a DIY countertop replacement project this Summer? Well you're in luck because we stock 3 colors of post-form laminate countertops-- We have 8ft and 12ft slabs in Kitchen depth and 4ft and 6ft slabs in vanity depth, at the best prices!!, dont forget to subscribe to our YouTube Channel where you can see videos like this:, We are excited to announce that the newly remodeled Rustic Chic Area of our Rowhouse featuring Omega Cabinets, Cambria Countertops, and  Sub-Zero and Wolf Appliances is now open!!  Come on in and check it out for yourself!  Let us know what you think!!, Our phone lines are down...being worked on now.  
We do have Chainsaws and Generators in stock!!, Good news! We got a bunch of 30oz Yeti Ramblers in today which means you last minute Father's Day shoppers can take advantage! ;) #hh #Yeti #KeepsIceLonger #goodforcoffeetoo, null, This video is dedicated to our loyal customers who have supported us over the years.  It is because of you that we get to continue to serve and support our community every day.  We are committed to serve our customers at the highest level possible.  We want to say  T H A N K  Y O U  and let you know that we appreciate you! #hartvillehardware #hardwork #together #community #thankyou, Congratulations to Mary Snider! Our most recent $1000 Shopping Spree Winner!, Have you seen our Yeti Mountain!?  Come check it out and get a FREE hat with any Yeti Cooler purchase through the end of the month (while supplies last)!, See how our time lapse video proves that the Yeti Rambler really does Keep Ice Longer!  This is a great gift idea for Father's Day coming up June 21st! #hartvillehardware #YetiCoolers #KeepsIceLonger #BuiltfortheWild #TimeLapse, #hartvillehardware #YetiCoolers #BuiltfortheWild #KeepsIceLonger, Who is ready for game 4 tonight!!? #goCavs #ALLinCLE #NBAfinals2015, Next Saturday, June 20 come check out our live demonstration of our Flexcut carving tools! Live Demonstrations by Carver Tim Crawford from 8am-3pm and we will have some great deals on Flexcut tools for beginners and experts alike!, #hartvillehardware #YetiCoolers #Yeti #AnOutsideYou #BuiltfortheWild, Check out this new product we got in our Kitchen & Bath Dept.!   Smart Tiles are a self-adhesive decorative backsplash alternative. They are for all of you DIYers who want a glass mosaic tile-look but don't want to deal with mortar, grout, tile tools, or hiring professionals., Yeti Coolers: Wildly Stronger, Keeps Ice Longer.   #YetiCoolers #Yeti #HartvilleHardware #OutsideYou #BuiltForTheWild, Did you know that our Outdoor Living Dept. has a wide range of fairy garden accessories?  Check out this display one of our fairy garden professionals put together! #hartvillehardware #fairygarden #minifarm 

Share photos of your fairy gardens below:, Have you ever tried on clothes in our Clothing Dept. and they made you feel so good you broke out in dance? These people sure did!  Everyone has done this in front of a mirror at one time or another! #hartvillehardware #clothingdept #carhartt #underarmor, The Wet and Forget 2015 Great Backyard Giveaway is live! 
8 Weeks, 8 Drawings, 8 Chances to win. Contest ends July. 26th, 2015.  Click the link below for more info! Good Luck!, Help our sister company Hartville MarketPlace & Flea Market get to 20,000 likes!, Hey 4-H Participants!  We carry a full line of Honor Show Chow feed for Pig/Turkey/Goat/Lamb in stock! 

Need something else? Just call or stop in to the Farm & Pet Dept. to order!  5% discount applies for 4-H members!

Share photos of your 4-H animals below!, Our hours today are 8:00 AM - 2:00 PM., Our Holiday Weekend Hours are: Saturday 8a-6p, Sunday-closed, and Monday 8a-2p. Have a Safe and Enjoyable Memorial Day weekend everyone! :), Do you have camping plans this summer? Let us introduce you to the BioLite CampStove! This innovative, one-of-a-kind, multi-functional camping tool is an essential to your camping equipment collection! #BioLite #HartvilleHardware #WeloveSummer #CampingisAwesome #CampingEssentials Check out our video demo:, Did you know that we have a "Clearance Cove" in our lower level?  There are lots of items at reduced prices! Don't forget to check it out next time you are in!, Since the May 16th date got sold out so fast we are asking the TMNT to come back in June!  Get your tickets before they sell out again! #TMNT #HartvilleMarketplace #cowabunga, Do you have your Spring Cleaning done yet?  Here are some products that will most definitely help you get your house sparkling clean! 

Do you make your own laundry detergent? We have all the supplies and the recipe to do so! Have you tried the Woozies dryer balls with your favorite essential oils in your dryer? If not you are missing out!  

Check out these end caps in our Houseware's Dept. in isle 17. Happy cleaning! :), Our latest Appliance Flyer is going on now!, Are you an entrepreneur? Hartville MarketPlace is currently seeking new shops for inside the MarketPlace. We have immediate availability! Interested parties, please click the link below to submit an application for review., We would like to know...What Summer Projects are you planning to tackle this year?, Today we have a Free plant for kids to give their mom for Mother's Day!  While supplies last!, null, Subscribe to our YouTube Channel to see our latest videos!, Need some help finding Mom that extra-special gift this Mother's Day? Check out some ideas below!, How adorable are these plant arrangements made by our creative team in the Greenhouse?  We think they are the perfect gift for your Mom this Mother's Day (coming up Sunday May 10th)!, What a beautiful weekend and the nice weather continues today!  Come check out our Greenhouse for your planting needs this Summer! :), This Kitchen got a whole new look! The selection of Cherry Cabinets, Quartz countertops and on-point tile backsplash pattern help create the Traditional look they were going for. The homeowner choose to use blue as an accent color that is pulled together in the particles in the countertop, back panel of the peninsula and the glass globes on the pendant lights., Hey friends!! We wanted to let you know that Hartville Hardware got a new YouTube channel!  We would like to invite you to visit the link below so you can view our videos and subscribe to our channel so that you don't miss any future videos.  Thanks for your support! :), And you thought Yeti coolers were just for keeping things really really cold!!! Introducing... The Yeti Workout... the most intense & chilling workout ever invented. Get your Yeti gear, complete this workout and become as tough and as rugged as a Yeti cooler. 

Stop into the Outdoor Living Dept. to buy the last cooler you'll ever need & get a free Yeti t-shirt! #hartvillehardware #Yeti #keepnitcool #builtforthewild #workout, Hartville MarketPlace & Flea Market is getting some exciting visitors on May 16th!! You are not going to want to miss this!! #TMNT #hartvillemarketplace  #cowabunga, Check out our Man Cave end cap near isle 30, null, 3 years ago today we moved into our new store!, If you watched our video yesterday you probably know that we have Yetis on display, but what you probably didn't know is that we have Yetis hanging from the ceiling! #hartvillehardware #yeti #keepinitcool #builtforthewild #justforfun, Yeti Gear is here! #hartvillehardware #Yeti #keepinitcool #builtforthewild #wearyeti, Check out this intense footage from the documentary of our search for the Yeti.....#hartvillehardware #Yeti #keepnitcool #builtforthewild, Wishing you and your family a very Happy Easter! He is Risen Indeed!, Back by popular demand is our fashionable friend Freddie who is zipping across the store on his Slackers Slackline & Zipline  rocking the Spring 2015 UnderArmor gear! Stop in to Hartville Hardware and check out how you can make your backyard the ultimate adventure zone with Slackers Zip Lines available in 40, 70, 90, and 100 foot kits!, Stuck in design rut? Follow us on Pinterest for the latest trends from flooring to gardening in 2015., Would you like a chance to win a $25 gift card!? How to enter? Take a picture of your favorite item at the Hartville Hardware that makes you excited for Spring and tag us in it here, on Facebook! We'll pick a random winner Thursday, April 9th!, Barn Doors are really trendy right now for home interiors.  We just put 4 different styles of doors and barn door hardware on display in our Doors & Windows Dept.  Which one is your favorite? #hartvillehardware #barndoorstyle, null, null, Wouldn't it be great if you found a Big Green Easter Egg in your egg hunt this year?  The search is over - you can find it at Hartville Hardware!  Celebrate this Easter by cooking on your very own Big Green Egg, available in 7 different sizes including this minimax pictured here (candy not included).  #hartvillehardware #biggreenegg #minimax #whatsonyourgrill #Easteregghunts, null, Join us for our 2015 On The Grill Cooking Classes. It's a night out with hands on learning. Classes run 6:00 - 7:30. Only 10 spots available per class. Secure your spot at customer service!, Which Kitchen & Bath Design trends are coming and which trends are going in 2015?  Out: distressed cabinets and Almond fixtures | In: Quartz tops, polished chrome finishes, White and of course...Gray! Read this article if you plan to remodel this year. What are your thoughts on these trends?, We have a Pinterest page! Follow us to get great DIY and home improvement ideas as well as see our latest products and Installations! Happy Pinning!, NeverWet, for all your waterproofing needs!, This 1960s Kitchen in a Split Level home was ready for an update!!

The Layout -- Reducing the sizes of both the hot water register and window and closing up the opening to the lower level did wonders for this layout! It allowed this space to be much more practical for this family. Additionally, the previous built-in pantry and the soffits were torn out to open up the kitchen. 

The Materials -- This new Kitchen is just lovely with all of its Traditional characteristics. Black appliances pair nicely with warm stained Alder cabinetry. The beautiful Quartz countertops pull out the colors of the cabinets, appliances, and gorgeous tile backsplash. Dura Ceramic flooring was used for a warmer alternative to porcelain tile. Stainless Steel accents in the faucet, sink, and cabinet hardware add elegance. As you can see all of the materials work together to make this space warm and inviting!, Our second annual Home & Garden Expo took place on Saturday, March 21st.  We had 4 stages set up around the store with seminars and demos from vendors reps, employees, and celebrity guests Ahmed Hassan and Emily Ellyn! Thanks to all our sponsors and customers for making this event a success!  We had a lot of fun and we hope you did too!, Friday March 20th we had our first ever Weber Grill Off Event.  13 contestants competed to be "King of the Grill".  Weber hosted the event and special guest judges Emily Ellyn and Ahmed Hassan were present as well. Congradulations to our winners and thanks for a fun night!, null, Congrats to the winners of our Weber Grill Off.

Left To Right: Chase Ryan (Best Non-Meat Dish), Ahmed Hassan, Emily Ellyn, Valerie Sommer (Best In Show), Steve McMillen (Hartville Hardware), Sean Wagler (Best In Show), and Tina Hartong (Best Meat Dish)., Here's a great 3-for-1 opportunity! In one evening, you'll enjoy a great meal, hear an excellent speaker, and help with funds to make cement blocks for those in need of housing in Haiti! Start your extended Easter weekend off right by supporting this very worthy benefit dinner., NeverWet, for all your waterproofing needs!, Gourmet Grilling with Chef Emily Ellyn on stage now!, Dyson winner! Congrats!, Meet and greet with Ahmed, Seminars in full swing here at our Home and Garden Expo! #HHhomeandgardenexpo, Happening now! Ahmed Hassan LIVE on stage!, Have you ever seen such a beautiful sight! You're looking at 13 beautiful Weber EP-310's all shined up and ready for some serious grilling tonight at our Weber Grill Off Event!  Plus Food Network Star Emily Ellyn will be here to judge the grilling contestants and hand out awards! Come on out and join in the fun! #hartvillehardware #webergrilloff #weber #emilyellyn, So we've covered the celebrity appearances and the seminars we will be having tomorrow at our Home & Garden Expo, but we have not mentioned any of the super deals going on all day.  Here is a short video mentioning a few of the deals but we have too many to mention so stop by and check them all out!, The stage is set and the excitement is building here at Hartville Hardware as we prepare for the Home & Garden Expo this Saturday! #hartvillehardware #HHhomeandgardenexpo #weberstage, Check out this article on Ms. Emily Ellyn from the Akron Beacon Journal. #emilyellyn, We are only 2 days away from our Home & Garden Expo!  Emily Ellyn from the Food Network will be here cooking up some #RetroRad recipes on a Weber Grill!  You don't want to miss out on all the fun! #hartvillehardware #HHhomeandgardenexpo #spring2015 #emilyellyn #weber, Leading up to our Home & Garden Expo this weekend we have our first ever Weber Grill Off happening Friday, March 20th starting at 5:00pm. There will be 13 contestants competing for the title of "King of the Grill" and you could win a Weber Q grill! Here is a short video with some of the details. Hope to see you all there! #hartvillehardware #HHhomeandgardenexpo #HHwebergrilloff #kingofthegrill #spring2015 #dontdroptheq, Ahmed Hassan from DIY's Yard Crashers will be here this Saturday, March 21st for our Home & Garden Expo! You don't want to miss out on all the excitement! #hartvillehardware #HHhomeandgardenexpo #spring2015 #ahmedhassan, We are so excited about our Home & Garden Expo this Saturday, March 21st!  There are so many things going on, you don't want to miss it! We will have 4 stages set up around the store with demos and seminars going on from 10am-3:45pm.  Here is a short video sharing a few of the seminars you can attend!  For a full list please visit our website. #hartvillehardware #HHhomeandgardenexpo #spring2015, All Chicks are on sale this weekend March 13-14th for only $2.19 each! Come and get them before they are gone!, Here is the complete stage schedule for our Home & Garden Expo on Saturday, March 21st!, Don't you just love that fact that the snow is melting and the sun is shining today...are you ready for Spring? Presenting "It's Been a Long Winter" - A silent film by Hartville Hardware.  #HartvilleHardware #SilentfilmsbyHH #Spring2015 #Springiscoming, null, We have a new infant clothing line in our Clothing Dept. called Lazy One Sleepwear and Accessories!  How adorable are these?, We are still taking registrations for our upcoming Weber Grill Off! Remember we only have 20 spots available. Compete to be KING or QUEEN OF THE GRILL. Click the link below for complete contest information and to register!

https://docs.google.com/a/hrm-enterprises.com/forms/d/1E8AIVuslP2w4U3uOnHhzEQw1zW84mN0cqIL2n8sjYo0/viewform, We are ready for Spring, how about you?  Come in and get a Spring flower for only $5.99, We have a Pinterest page! Follow us to get great DIY and home improvement ideas as well as see our latest products and Installations!

https://www.pinterest.com/hartvillehardwa/, Today is our 43rd anniversary!  When we look back at where we started it is no doubt God has been gracious to us. A shout out to all our customers who have brought us to where we are today. We are forever thankful for you and hope to serve you and our community for another 43+ years! Thank you!

In 1972 Howard Miller Sr. purchased Lake V&S Hardware store and changed it to a True Value Hardware store.  By 1974 we outgrew the original location and moved to West Maple St. thinking we could never outgrow such a large building.  In 2000 we became a Do It Best store and our name was changed to Hartville Hardware.  We added on several times in our previous store until finally we outgrew it and in 2012 we moved into our current home on Edison Street., Here is an interesting article on the benefits of raising your own chickens for anyone who is interested., null, "You wanna go pick up some chicks?" Our first batch of chicks have officially arrived, which means Spring is just around the corner!
 
 Pick up your chicks and plan on attending the "Chick Days" event here at Hartville Hardware on March 12th in our Farm & Pet Dept. where you can learn how to raise your very own chicks! #hartvillehardware #pickupchicks #blondesandburnettes #chickdays2015

Click on this link to register for our FREE information meeting on how to start your own back yard flock.

https://docs.google.com/a/hrm-enterprises.com/forms/d/1Huuekgzb9xaGHycxX3C3rUuEFj1yOubd_mz2tj8W8jE/viewform, We have 5 spots already filled in our upcoming Weber Grill Off. Make sure you sign up soon to secure your spot. We only have 20 spaces available. For complete contest rules, information, and to register click on the link below., Color is king as we get ready for Spring in our Outdoor Living Dept.! Introducing the brand new 2015 Weber Q...in color! Stop in and check them out for yourself! What color would you want?, We're gearing up for our Weber Grill Off Competition that is in conjunction with our upcoming Home & Garden Expo. If you think you have what it takes to compete, click the link below to register. Only 20 spots available!, Due to inclement weather yesterday...we are extending our Tool Sale Pricing one more day!!! On Monday, February 23 from 8am to 8pm you can take advantage of our low pricing on tools and accessories!   Check out our flyer at link below!  
http://www.hartvillehardware.com/product/40299/events, Due to the inclement weather today we are extending our tool sale prices through Monday. Thanks for being our customers, Please help us in identifying these person's of interest. Please contact Uniontown Police Department at 330-699-6444 with any information., The Outdoor Living/Seasonal department at Hartville Hardware has an opening for a full-time customer service retail associate! This exciting opportunity is for someone who has excellent skills in helping our customers with their outdoor patio decor, grilling, seasonal needs as well as someone who understands the beauty created by holiday items throughout the year. The ideal candidate has some retail experience but we are willing to train someone who truly has a caring, compassionate attitude toward others and who will help our customers to experience the very best in service!

Those who are interested should send their resumes and cover letter to sshea@hartvillehardware.com. Serious inquiries only please., It might be cold outside but things are warming up with this explosion of color in our Outdoor Living Department!  Stop in and encourage Spring to come by checking out the new 2015 cushion fabric trends!, null, Sign up now for this very informative event for those interested in starting their very own back yard flock., null, null, Congratulations to Laura who won a new Moen lav faucet from Area 2 and Robert, winner of a new Carhartt Jacket from Area 4. Thanks for playing!, Congratulations to Greg who won a pair of arched ramps from Area 5 and Randy who won an air compressor from Area 4. Thanks for playing!, Please help us in identifying these person's of interest.  Please contact Uniontown Police Department 330-699-6444 with any information. Thanks, Hey Cleveland fans....check out the T-shirts we just got in our Clothing dept.  4 different colors and the Cavaliers' Mission belts to match! ;), We want to thank all of you who participated in our first ever Explore the Store game last week! We had 374 entries!  We have chosen our winners and they have been contacted. Below was our Area One winner Nancy who won a Weber Smoker! We will post more winners as they pick up their prizes!, Today is the last day to participate in our "Explore The Store Contest" See the videos below or go to our website for details.  You could be one of 5 winners of an item of your choice up to $250!, We want to know which items you put/plan to put on your game card for our "Explore The Store Contest"! Please share in the comments below:, null, Come Explore our Store and you could be 1 of 5 winners of an item of your choice!  Click the link for details and to print your game card from home., null, Stop in today through Saturday February 7th to play our Explore The Store Contest!  You could be one of 5 winners!, This Saturday from 9am-3pm come see us for our Festool Demo Day!
This free event will feature Larry Smith our local Festool representative with a comprehensive knowledge of the Festool System. We will demonstrate various tools and techniques to help you understand and get the most from the Festool System. Learn how to make more money by using Festool!
Don’t forget to invite a friend. This is going to be a fun opportunity to get familiar with what Festool can do for you!, Our Explore The Store Contest starts today!  Pick up your contest card at Customer Service or print it from home off our our website.  You have until Saturday February 7th to turn in your card for a change to be one of our 5 winners!, null, We are exited for our upcoming Contest: Explore The Store, going on this week from February 4-7, 2015. 5 Winners to be drawn on Monday February 9th, We are excited for our upcoming Explore The Store Contest!, We are excited for our Explore The Store Contest coming up next week!, We made the front page of the Hartville News! We won a "Best of Houzz 2015 Service award" for our Kitchen & Bath Department!  Thank you to all of our wonderful customers who gave reviews which helped us win this award! Visit our Houzz profile at http://www.houzz.com/pro/hartvillehardware, Check out the NEW Prolific Stainless Steel Kitchen Sink by Kohler. Watch the short video to see how they have reinvented the Kitchen sink. Let us know what you think...would you like one for your own Kitchen and why or why not?, Select The Mission Belt's on sale in our clothing dept!, Our Outdoor Living Dept. got these NEW stylish Outdoor Pendant Lights in today! The fixture and bulb together are only $28.02 + tax. What a great way to light up your outdoor space.  What do you think?, null, Please help us in identifying this person of interest. Please contact Uniontown Police Department at 330-699-6444 with any information. Thanks., null, Check out these OSU cushions we just got in our Outdoor Living Dept!, Please help us in identifying these persons of interest.  Please contact Uniontown Police Department at 330-699-6444 with any information, TGIF and today we are giving 70% off all remaining Christmas Shop Items!, Who's ready for Spring?  Okay let's be honest, it will probably be another long Winter outside, but inside we can get ready for Spring! The Outdoor Living Dept. will be back up and running soon...until then come and take advantage of 50% off Christmas and 25% off pre-season Outdoor Living items!, The Big Green Egg is serving up "Roasted Ducks" for dinner....Go Buckeyes!!  #gobucks #beatducks #biggreenegg #hartvillehardware, Hey Ohio State and Cavs fans, check out the new The Mission Belts we just got in!, The Hartville Kitchen is celebrating their 49th anniversary! Join in the celebration!, Happy New Year everyone! 2014 was great, here is to an even better 2015!, Check out this Gingerbread Village that employees from the Paint Dept. made entirely from items in the Paint Dept.!  How creative!
What do you think?, It's almost Pinewood Derby time! Don't forget that we have a large selection of items to make your car run faster and be the best looking on the track!  See the Paint Dept near isle 29., Merry Christmas!

Starting tomorrow! (December 26) 50% off all of Christmas Shop Items. Discount off of regular price., Check it out - we got Troyer Beef Jerky in stock!, Christmas Shop is now 40% off!  Lights are 20% off AND the bag sale starts today!!! Come get your last minute Christmas decor and gifts!, Need a stocking stuffer for a "pink" lover?  Why not a pink tool??, Have you been to our "Toyville" here at Hartville Hardware? Don't leave the store without checking it out - located at the West entrance near the John Deere Dept., Hello Friends.  We will be closing the store at 6:00 pm today (Tuesday, December 16, 2014) so that all of our employees will be able to attend our Christmas Banquet., null, Bring in your furry friends this Saturday from Noon-2 to get a free pic with Santa himself!  Merry Christmas to all of our friends out there, even the four-legged ones!, Get T-shirts, Hoodies, hats, Tervis Tumblers, Mugs, cutting boards, and more for those on your list who love to shop at Hartville Hardware!, Duct Tape is for everyone!  There is a color/style that anyone can enjoy. Why not drop one in your family members stockings this Christmas., Our Seasonal Dept. had the goal of selling 1000 fire fishing poles in 2014. Today, this lovely customer made that a reality.  She purchased the 1000th fire fishing pole sold this year.  Congratulations to the Seasonal Dept.!

Come check out this unique and popular product for those on your Christmas list this year., Popcorn anyone?, We got you covered for all the FROZEN fans on your list!, Check out this video from our sister business Hartville MarketPlace. They are partnering with My101.7 this Saturday for a toy drive to benefit families in need in Stark County., Introducing: Road Tape.  A paper tape that sticks on any hard surface without leaving residue, plus its reusable!  It comes in a roll that you can take with you so you can transform any countertop, floor, wall, or other hard surface into a roadway for your children.  It also can be used for themed parties or room decor. What a genius idea!, Hot Socks or Novelty socks might be a good stocking stuffer for someone on your list., Need a stocking stuffer idea? How about a Luminara Fireless Candle?, Need a gift idea for someone on your list?  How about Kan-Jam, a game everyone can enjoy!  Right now if you buy one for someone else you can get one for yourself at 50% off! What a deal!, Hey! Did you know..., 16 days til Christmas! Do you have your shopping done? Don't forget a stocking for your family pet!, Just wanted to share some of our favorite photos from the Christmas Open House! What do you think?, null, null, Custom Knotty Alder Cabinetry, Christmas came early for Joann Heisler of Uniontown! She is our local winner of the $1000 shopping spree! Congratulations Joann!, null, Just a reminder we are closed tomorrow in observance of Thanksgiving.  See ya Friday and Saturday at our 2 day sale! :) Happy Thanksgiving everyone!, Black Friday deals in our Appliance Dept continue through this weekend, come in today, Friday or Saturday to take advantage!, Our annual Two Day Sale is the Friday and Saturday after Thanksgiving. Super pricing on many items throughout the store! See our ad for details. Savings are off of regular priced items only and while supplies last. We open and close our store at our normal times, 8am to 8pm on Friday and 8am to 6pm on Saturday.

http://cdn.hartvillehardware.com/downloads/Events/Flyers/2014%20DAT%20SALE%20FULL%20PAGE%20ABJ%20LO%20REZ.pdf, November is Senior Pet Month in the Farm & Pet Dept. and to celebrate we are giving 10% off any senior pet food purchase! This is the last week to take advantage of this great deal!, null, Need an accessory for a Holiday Party outfit?  Or maybe a Christmas gift for someone on your list? Have you seen our "Wall of Scarves" in the Christmas Shop?  It keeps going, and going, and going...., null, The tool reps and popcorn are waiting for you... Come out to our Tool Sale today until 8pm or tomorrow 8am-6pm!, Black Friday Deals continue at Hartville Hardware..
Get this 4-piece Stainless Steel Whirlpool package now for ONLY $1,996!!, Tomorrow is the day...the day you're are all waiting for, the first day of our Semi Annual Tool Sale at Hartville Hardware. You don't want to miss it!, This Kitchen was small, inefficient and dark.  We tore out the peninsula and soffits and moved a wall toward the family room to open it up. Appliances were relocated to make the space more efficient.  The beautiful Kemper cabinets are Quartersawn oak which lends itself to the Shaker style. A lovely tile backsplash with glass accent adds a nice touch.  The floor tile looks like wood planks which adds warmth to the space.  A simple yet very functional Kitchen., First snow of the season yesterday and freezing temps today....are you ready for Winter?  Presenting " Snow Shovels - A silent film by Hartville Hardware":, Click the link below to view our Giant Tool Sale Flyer for all the deals you can expect this weekend November 21-22!, null, Firebuggz: Fire up the fun!  Great Christmas gift Idea!, Check out this awesome event that is coming up this weekend at our sister business Hartville MarketPlace!, It's getting cold out there, pick one of these stylish sweaters or coats up for your furry family member or save it for a Christmas gift!  ;), Stop in today and check out this and more Black Friday Deals happening NOW!! 

GE SLATE 4-piece package now only $3424!
Save over $1800!!, Kohler launched their Tailored Vanity Program earlier this year.  It allows you to get a furniture-style vanity with practical amenities. Check out this review of the Jute and see the Kitchen & Bath Project Center for inquiries., Look who came to visit us today and decided to test out the tub in the Idea House!, Thanks to everyone who came out to our CHRISTmas Shop Open House this weekend.  One of our customers, Bettye Carpenter, got the 100% off scratch and save ticket!  Congratulations Bettye!, This was a complete Master Bathroom Remodel in Canton. We removed a tub and put in a large tile shower complete with a pebble stone floor and accent strip, recessed tile niche and custom glass surround. Where the old shower was we put built-in painted cabinetry for extra storage. The double vanity features beautiful Cambria Quartz Countertop and the pebble stone backsplash the pulls the natural element in. The beautiful porcelain tile floor has a hardwood appearance which aids in the Natural look the customer requested. Satin Nickel faucets and accessories add a little shine to the monochromatic space., Beautiful modern style custom cabinets. The footprint was changed the from the original space. Beautiful tile backsplash, with unique application of tile on an end wall. The color & material combination are truly something out of a design magazine. Features quartz countertop, high gloss finish on cabinets, stainless steel doors with reeded glass, floating shelves., Come out today!, What a Deal! - 40% off select braided rugs in our Flooring Dept. while supplies last!, Looking for reliable heating alternatives for this upcoming Winter? Check out these incredible sale prices on our Pacific Energy Wood Stoves!  There are only a limited quantity of these North American made wood stoves remaining here at Hartville Hardware, so get them while they last! (see our Fireplace Dept.), Our Christmas Shop is all up and ready for the Holiday Season! We are looking forward to our Open House Saturday November 8th from 8-6pm, hope to see you there!, Don't miss our annual Christmas Shop Open House this weekend. It's bigger and better than ever. Bring the whole family out for this fun filled event., null, Our first Girl's Night Out Event in our new store was a success!  We hope you ladies enjoyed yourselves as much as we did!, November is Senior Pet Month in the Farm & Pet Dept. and to celebrate  we are giving 10% off any senior pet food purchase! Make sure you take advantage of this great deal!, Get your tickets now ladies, we only have a few left! We look forward to seeing you tonight! :), Hey Girls! Tonight is our Girl's Night Out Event from 6-9pm.  If you have not got your tickets yet there is still time! You can purchase them online at hartvillehardware.com or at Customer Service in our store. Tickets are only $15! 

You don't want to miss out on all we have planned for this evening: 
~Special Buys throughout the store
~20% Bag Sale, if you are familiar with our regular bag sale it is similar but a much larger bag
~Delicious Appetizers (see video of Chef Jason)
~Massage Therapy with Sunrise Massage Therapy
~Hand Therapy Spa with Doterra 
~Photo Booth 
~Over $1000 in giveaways and door prizes!
~ 3 Demonstrations including Making Homemade Christmas Gifts, How to Fluff a Tree, and Creating Christmas Wreaths
~Decorating professionals on hand to help you spruce up your home for the holidays. Bring your inspirations watches for help selecting paint colors.

It is going to be such a fun night!  You deserve a Girl's Night out with your friends and family so come on out and enjoy yourself!, The goody bags are all filled and ready for tomorrow night!  Get your tickets today for our Girl's Night Out Event November 4th from 6-9pm., null, Ladies, here is our Marketing Director, Trista Todd, talking about the workshops we will have going on for our 'Girl's Night Out' Event coming up on Tuesday November 4th from 6-9pm. Get your tickets today!, Ladies, check out this video to learn about some of the highlights of our Girl's Night Out Event coming up just 1 week from today!  You can buy your tickets at Customer Service or online from a link on our website., Want to go somewhere dry and warm for Trick or Treat on Friday? 
Stop by Hartville Hardware from 4pm-8pm and kids 12 and under can find 5 Candy Stations around the store to get candy! No costume necessary! Please bring your own candy bag!, Hey Ladies! Here is a quick interview with Jason, the chef for our Girl's Night Out Event, coming up Tuesday November 4th. The food menu sounds delicious, don't you think?  Make sure you get your tickets for this fun event!, Tickets are going fast ladies! You do not want to miss all the fun that will be happening at Hartville Hardware on Tuesday, November 4th!

Get your tickets here: http://www.eventbrite.com/e/hartville-hardware-girls-night-out-tickets-13209376601?aff=eac2, This display package is for sale! Regular price for all three pieces (range, refrigerator, and dishwasher) is $14,359 and it is now $6,800 for the first taker of this unique trio of appliances. See our appliance department for more details about this great deal!, Please help us in identifying these persons of interest.  Please contact the Uniontown Police Department with any details at 330-699-6444, Please help us in identifying these persons of interest.  Please contact Uniontown Police Department at 330-699-6444 with any details., Check out the newest  Hartville Hardware gear: T-shirts, Hoodies, and hats for your wardrobe or buy them for Christmas gifts.  Here are some of our wonderful employees modeling a small selection of the new items.  Come check them out for yourself in our clothing dept.!, Don't miss this awesome event happening on Tuesday, November 4th. Only 500 tickets available so hurry and get yours today! :), null, Congratulations to our 2nd Annual Eggfest Cookoff winners. Pictured from left to right:
Steve McMillen - Manager, Outdoor Living HH
Steve Swann - 1st Place All Meat Division
Tammy Molody - 2nd Place All Meat Division
Jeff Molody - 3rd Place All Meat Division
Pam & Andy Vittulo - 1st Place Pork Division
Charles Ryan - 2nd Place Pork Division
Nick Tressa - 3rd Place Pork Division, Thank you to all who came and made our 2nd annual Eggfest a great success!  We hope you enjoyed it as much as we did!, One of our grillers creations....uncured ham by Scott Sommers, Lot's of fun going on today at the 2nd annual Eggfest here at Hartville Hardware! Come join the fun..., The 2nd annual Eggfest is in full swing! Come check out our grillers competing, attend an Egg 101 class at 11:00 or 12:00, special pricing on accessories and Egg packages and register to win your very own medium Green Egg!, Just a few days away. Don't miss this awesome event at Hartville Hardware. There will be a little something for everyone at this event., null, You don't want to miss this fun (and tasty) event!, People are getting excited about the Hartville Hardware EggFest this Saturday...check out this Big Green Egg cake made by one of our creative customers!  It even has real smoke coming out of the chimney! Come see what all the hype is all about and experience this exciting event with us this Saturday October 11th from 10am-2pm!, Are you tired of not getting a good night sleep?  Do you wake up with a sore back?  Maybe it's time for a new mattress...  Stop in and check out our selection of quality Spring Air mattresses like this "Back Supporter" mattress- Your back never felt so good., Did you know our Clothing Dept. now sells Woman's Under Armour?, Eggy has arrived and he is looking forward to seeing you at the 2nd annual Eggfest this coming Saturday, October 11th from 10am-2pm!, We are just one week away from our 2nd Annual EggFest. This year's event will be bigger and better than ever. You'll get to meet and talk with 12 cooks and they compete to win our EggFest cook off, and you will even get to sample their food at 1:00. We'll have live music, Big Green Egg Demonstrations at 10:00, 11:00 & 12:00, an inflatable baseball game (weather permitting), and an Italian Soda Bar. Join us for a Big Green Eggstravaganza!, The eggs are here! Eggfest preparations are in full swing here at Hartville Hardware, make plans to come check it out October 11th from 10am-2pm!, null, Check out some of Cambria's newest Quartz designs now on display in our showroom!, Are you in the market for new Kitchen countertops?  We just got in Cambria's newest quartz colors so come check them out!  , For all you tool nuts out there...check out our Paslode Event this Monday!, Fall is here and so is the new fall lineup from Carhartt, Carhartt for women, Carhartt for children and don't forget Under Armour for men and women!, October is Fire Safety Month! This Saturday, we will be giving away door prizes and kids fire hats (while supplies last!), and the Hartville Fire Department will be here with their truck from 12-2!, This country kitchen got a total remodel including beautiful Rustic Alder cabinets, Cambria Quartz countertops, a tile backsplash, and a eye-catching cast iron apron-front sink! It's warm and cozy...feels like home., Don't forget to join us for this awesome event coming up in just a few weeks. We are still seeking competitors for our EggFest cook off. If you are interested, please contact Steve McMillen or Titus Kurtz., Check out a new item in our Housewares dept.: uCaps include the Flower Frog uCap, Storage uCap, and Sipping uCap.  There are so many uses! What a great product!, This bathroom got a new look that is clean and beautiful!  It features a new acrylic tub, tile, Kemper cabinets, and Cambria Quartz., The Kohler Toilet Tour Bus is here until 2pm...come check it out!, Calling all cooks!, null, We have lots of display vanities on sale! Don't miss out on a great deal!, null, Come out next Friday, September 12th and join us for this awesome event!, Lake Volleyball Team is Sponsoring a blood drive "Lake Volley for the Cause." The Bloodmobile is coming to Hartville Hardware this Saturday 10am -2pm so come out and and give blood!, The Kohler Toilet Tour Bus is coming to Hartville Hardware on Friday, September 12 from 10am to 2pm. Come and see for yourself why Kohler is the highest quality and best choice for your bathroom!, Who is ready for football season!?  Make sure you have everything you need for tailgating and more! Check out our display and make sure you have everything you need., We got a brand new product in our Home Decor dept. by Kohler....its  a Touchless Toilet Kit!  Watch Elle from What's Up Moms show you how simple this new technology really is:, This is a Kitchen remodel we did in Aurora this Spring.  It includes beautiful tuscany style custom cabinets, ornate carving hood, pilasters & corbels on island. Featuring leaded glass cabinet doors, copper sink, large scale tile floor, quartzite top, pot filler., Bake Sale and "Rosebud Wish" Card Fundraiser for Sharon Budd!
9:00AM to 3:00PM
Come to Hartville Hardware this Saturday and Support Sharon Budd and her family at a bake sale, put on by friends and neighbors! 
What is a  "Rosebud Wish" card?.   A chance to send a wish or prayer or short note to Sharon by donating a dollar.  All cards will be placed in a wish book and given to Sharon.  Let's send our good wishes and prayers to Sharon from her hometown of Lake Twp.!, Check out these display vanities on sale in our Kitchen & Bath Dept. Save on a new vanity for your DIY bathroom remodel this weekend!, Check out a new product we just got in our Flooring Dept.  Its called ZON and its made by Congoleum.  This flooring material comes in 10ft and can be used Residentially and Commercially.  Great for Laundry Rooms, Garages, Basements, etc., Summer Clearance on our our in stock patio furniture...come and get it!, We got some new vanities in our Bath Dept. that are a European contemporary look!  These are Vanity Combos so they come complete with the base, top, faucet, drain, and cabinet hardware!  This sure makes shopping easy for you!  ;), We now have locally homemade popcorn from Wadsworth, Ohio. They have some amazing traditional and unique flavors....to name a few:
Pumpkin Pie Crunch
Apple Pie Crunch
Fire Ball Crunch
Buffalo wing crunch
Camo Crunch
Man Cave Crunch
Buckeye Blitz
Loaded Baked Potato
Five Flavor Crunch, Great gift idea for puzzle lovers!!, Who likes Frozen? We have a whole end cap dedicated to this popular movie! Check it out in our Housewares Dept., The circus is here tonight! It's a beautiful night so come enjoy!, Everyone loves deep discounts and bargains, right? Check out our sidewalk sale in the front of our store! Have a great weekend!, Lebron is back and so are basketballs at Hartville Hardware!  Get yours today for only $7.50! Who is excited!?, How to remove stains from your Laminate Countertops, Check out this new product in our Housewares Dept. Miele Scout Robot Vacuum cleaner!, Check on this new product in our Paint Dept. Metal Sheets as seen on Pinterest! What DIY projects do you have in mind that this product would work for?, null, null, We have an exciting new product in our Home Decor Dept: Touchless by Kohler.  It is a no touch flush technology that you can install on most toilets, just waive your hand over the tank and wahla, the toilet flushes itself! Check it out for yourself on our Touchless display on the end cap in Home Decor isle 38., Come out for this fun event going on until 4pm today!, Duct Tape bus is here today until 4pm! 
Make a free Duct Tape Craft! 
FREE Cotton Candy, Sno-Cones and Face Painting until 2pm!, Check it out...we are now selling Ziplines! How fun! Our mannequin is enjoying the one we set up between the Outdoor Living and Housewares Depts. Tell us, where would be the coolest place to put a zip line in your opinion?, Did you know that we stock a full line of Show supplies in our Farm & Pet Dept.?, null, Check out this great event for kids. Join us next Thursday from 10AM - 2PM., null, With this hot Summer humidity a cold drink sounds refreshing, right?  Now you can make your own fruit infused water with this Zinger product.  They offer kids sizes as well.  Healthy and refreshing...you can't beat that! ;) Check out http://zinganything.com/ for more info., Who likes to go camping? We recently added a Camping & Sporting Goods section in our Outdoor Living Dept.  Check out isle 4 on your next visit!, Check out our newest product in the Outdoor Living Dept: KanJam - the hottest Summer game.  Check out our video which shows some of our employees playing the game and www.kanjam.com for more info., KanJam is a great game for all your summer parties!  Check out how it's played in this video by some of your favorite Hartville Hardware employees!, null, Thanks for voting for us! We placed First in The Repository's Readers choice awards for Best Hardware Store and Best Lumber Yard, and we placed Second for Best Area Attraction beat out by the Pro Football Hall of Fame! Not too shabby!  Thanks so much!!!, How cute are these tutus?!!, Don't miss this great event today!, Don't forget 10-2 today is our Pet Palooza at Hartville Hardware!, "Rain, Rain, Go away..." If you need a sump pump we have them in stock. See the Plumbing Dept. in the back left corner of the store (look for the Blue wall, that is the Plumbing dept)., This Saturday at our Pet Palooza, bring your pets in to have some much needed pampering done. 

Frost Grooming will provide the following services....
Nails and pads $7
Basic grooms:
  - Small: $33-35
  - Medium: $35-40
  - Large: $ 45-50
  - Extra Large: $55 - up

Family Pet Mobil Vet will provide nail trims for $10 and gland expression for $20., Got a pet? Bring them by this Saturday for our Pet Palooza. The first 200 Cats and/or Dogs receive a free treat!, Need some Pinterest inspiration for the upcoming July 4th holiday?  Check out these ball jars painted and repurposed as silverware holders, and an old pallet painted adds to your party decor! How creative!, We have lots of Tervis Tumblers in stock and they are all 15% off!!  There is one for everyone!, Congratulations to James and Tracy, the winners of this Spring's $1,000 Shopping Spree!, Did you know we sell The Mission Belt here at Hartville Hardware?  You may have seen this company featured on ABC's Shark Tank in the past. The Mission Belt is unique because it fits anyone, it is completely adjustable because there are no holes.  Plus the best part is that $1 from every belt sold goes to fight global hunger and poverty through micro lending.  How great is that?  A great product and a great cause.  Visit missionbelt.com for more information. 
P.S. This would make a great Father's Day Gift ;), null, We have several items on sale in our Bath Shop, stop in and check them out and get a great deal!, Did you know Hartville Hardware now sells mattresses?  Check out this video for a few facts about the newest addition to our Home Decor Dept., Summer is here and we want to know...what is your favorite thing to do in summer?, We had a great time at our On The Grill cooking class last night. What is your favorite food to grill? What is the most unique food you have ever grilled?, We are Hiring! Our John Deere Dept. is looking for an Advanced Service Technician.  Are you interested or know someone who would be? Check out this link for job details.
, Just a reminder we will be open 8a-2p on Memorial Day.  Have a great weekend everyone!, We are very excited and humbled to announce that our family of businesses recently received the 2014 Business Excellence Award and the 2014 Business Of The Year Award from The Canton Regional Chamber of Commerce., Did you know we sell Skechers Ladies Shoes?  We just got in a new Spring line you are going to want to see! A girl can never have too many shoes, right!? ;), Check out a new item in our Home Decor Dept.  This is for all you techies or those who like to sing in the shower! ;), Mother's Day is tomorrow and we have a FREE plant for Kids 12 & under today ONLY (while supplies last).  Happy Mother's Day!, Our Idea House and Rowhouse Showroom Photos, Check out our current Career Opportunities on our website (click the link below).  If you or someone you know would be a good fit, fill out an application and bring it into the Customer Service desk., Our Greenhouse is now open!, Hartville MarketPlace & Flea Market is having a FREE Corn Hole Tournament this Saturday...which is looking like it is going to be a beautiful day! Here is the link to sign up!, Come check out our Dyson Sale going on through April 30th!, We are looking to hire a Paint Consultant! If you or someone you know would fit this position please apply at Customer Service!, Happy Easter Everyone!, Are you planning a wedding? Did you know that Hartville Hardware carries a wide variety of beautiful ready to go bouquets for a very affordable price? Check out some of the photos we captured in store today. No matter what your color theme, we can help you match perfectly. This Friday & Saturday only, all floral is 20% Off!, Hello All Hartville Hardware fans.  We are pleased to announce that we have recovered the Gators that were stolen last year.  We want to extend our thanks to Uniontown Police Department and to all of our fans that offered us insight on where they might be., We recently added different styles & finishes of make-up mirrors in our Home Decor department!, What a beautiful day! Today is our 2 year anniversary of when we opened our new store! :), We just want to say a huge "thank you" to all of our loyal customers!  We appreciate your business and are thankful for your support in local business. That is why we created our "Price Promise" policy, which has been recently revised so we thought we would share it with all of you.  Thank you for shopping at Hartville Hardware!, These cute welsh Corgis shopped our store today!, Taking photos for our new website today! Our new website is set to launch in second quarter., We are very excited to be kicking off our Outdoor Grilling Classes at Hartville Hardware again. Here is some more information about the two classes we will be having in April. As of today, the Pizza class is completely sold out! There are still a couple spaces available in next weeks' class though. See Customer Service to reserve your spot today. For those of you interested in a Pizza Class, we have few others scheduled this summer! Reserve your spots today! :), Wood Carving Class at Hartville Hardware April 10, 11, & 12 from 8am-4pm.  Click link below for details and registration form
http://www.hartvillehardware.com/uploads/142071396531815.pdf, null, Do you have old laminate countertops that are in good shape but just outdated?  Do you want new granite countertops but don't want to spend thousands of dollars?  We have the product for you: Giani Granite Paint Kit!  You can paint over your existing countertop and make it look like granite for a fraction of the price! Go to www.gianigranite.com and click the "Learn How" tab to watch a how-to video or stop into our Paint Dept. and ask about this popular product that we have in stock!  Just think...you could have a new countertop this weekend!, Brand new product in our Paint dept. ---Express Decor Removable Accents.  Check them out!  Let us know how you plan to use them., New product in Paint Dept. Express Decor Removable Accents!, Time to Tap! Make your own Maple Syrup at Home!, null, We had fun at our Home Garden Expo Preview Event tonight.  Ahmed was here meeting all of our wonderful customers and we had some great tasting appetizers!  You don't want to miss tomorrow's event!, Want more information about our Home & Garden Expo? Check out this video from yesterday's interview on Live On Lakeside!, Come out tonight at 630pm!!, Check us out on Channel 3 in 15 minutes. We'll be on Live On Lakeside at noon taking about our event., We have a special treat! We are hosting a private VIP preview event for our Home & Garden Expo on Friday from 6:00 PM - 8:00 PM. This event is an Open House so guests are encouraged to attend at a time that suites their schedule. We have very limited spots available for this event. The event on Friday is free, however you must register online by visiting the link below. Hurry...space is limited. You won't want to miss this one!

https://docs.google.com/a/hartvillehardware.com/forms/d/1D2SUbeVHUtkhNu3yIqSj5K8YNIP4Rm0OlfJJwYHPOtY/viewform, You won't want to miss this event this Saturday!, null, Don't miss this HUGE event! , null, null, null, We have Chicks for sale!  4 different varieties for $2.49each.  Get them while they last!, A new item in our Housewares Dept. - Kilner canning supplies.  Lots of different sizes/shapes and cute labels available., Here is a great gift idea: Decorative Microfiber Dishcloths., A new item in "Wayne's World" area!, DIY Project: Decorate Mason Jars!  We have an end cap in our Housewares Dept. that has everything you need to make this pinterest project happen!  How cute are these Mason Jars?  Let us know how you like this project idea....there might be more to come! ;), We got a lot of cute coffee mugs in our Housewares dept.  Stop in and check them out!, Bring your puppy in for photos today 10am-2pm!  We want to see those cuties!, Come out today & tomorrow for our Giant Tool Sale!!, We were honored with a Beacon Award last fall for best new store over 25,000 sq. ft. Here is a video of Howard and his wife Marsha accepting the award!  

http://www.thehardwareconnection.com/dib-beaco/, null, Check out this great event coming up next week at Hartville Hardware., The Duck Dynasty crew uses Yeti Coolers, check out this video:, We have a new product in our Outdoor Living Dept --Yeti Coolers!  These are not your average cooler folks...they are certified bear resistant and keep ice up to 2 weeks! For more info go to www.yeticoolers.com, Don't forget to replace your furnace filters regularly!  Here's a deal on Filtrete - 15% off!, Check out this Schlage Plymouth Entry Knob in Brushed Nickel finish regularly $32.99 on sale now for only $16.49 (that is a savings of $16.50!) You can't beat that deal! See Home Decor Dept., Hartville Hardware is looking for these person's of interest.  Please contact Uniontown Police Department at 330.699.6444 with any information, Hey Cub Scouts & pine car fans, We have all the pieces and parts you need to create the best car for the Pinewood Derby Race (or just for fun)  Check it out!, Keep warm in this arctic weather with a new fireplace! Our end of the season fireplace sale is going on now. Stop in and see the fireplace dept. for 20%-50% off on select in-stock fireplaces and displays. Don't miss out on these great savings!, We recently got into a new product line: Recliners!  Made in Ohio by Ort Furniture.  Come try these comfortable chairs for yourself!  For you Duck Dynasty fans, we have a camo recliner waiting for you!, We have a lot of silk flowers this year.  Don't the bright colors get you excited for Spring!? Especially when outside we have negative degree temps!, We have hundreds of ornaments left for only $1.00 each!!  That's right, all remaining Christmas ornaments are only $1.00!  Get them while they last!!, Did you know that about 170 people in the United States die every year from carbon monoxide? It can easily be prevented by a detector in your home.  Here is a story that one of our customers wrote in recently:

"Two Saturday’s ago, our family was evacuated from our home because of our CO2 detectors were going off. The previous day we had to have a major repair done to our furnace and while putting the pieces back together the repair man forgot to reattach a very important hose. When our detectors went off, we immediately evacuated to the garage and called 911. The fire department came out and told us that the levels in the house were rising rapidly. Here’s where the awesome part comes in…just a few months ago, my husband had to replace our smoke alarms. He of course went to the Hardware to get new detectors and one of the salesmen mentioned that he should consider the dual detectors. Well, the suggestion very well saved our lives last week."

Please make sure you have a carbon monoxide detector in your home.  If not, we got you covered! ;), We now offer appliance repair at Hartville Hardware on every major appliance that we sell. Didn't buy from us? No problem! We also service major appliances that are out of the manufacturer's warranty.  Give Gary a call today to set up a service call!, We just got in a large order of cushions in for our outdoor furniture!  Soon the Christmas Shop will be fully converted into the Outdoor Living Dept!  Who is ready for Spring??, These handmade one-of-a-kind Colonial wall Lanterns were displayed on our Western Reserve house! They were made locally and are of high quality. Measurements are 24"H x 12"W x 10"D Regular price is $285.99 each and we are selling these for only $160.00 each! We only have these 2 and cannot get anymore. Please call Home Decor manager if you are interested., Before you put away all your Christmas decorations for the year, come get some great deals on new decorations for next year: save 70% off remaining Christmas Shop items now!!!, Are you keeping warm in this Winter weather?  We have lots of products in stock to help you stay warm: bundles of firewood and kindling for fires $5, oak cabinet heater for $149, socks you can warm in the microwave, hand warmers, windshield washer fluid, etc., Northeast Ohio, are you ready for all the snow coming our way?  We have plenty of snow blowers in stock from John Deere, to Honda, and Snapper... we got you handled!  Stop into our Outdoor Power Dept. for help selecting one for your needs., "What's In, What's Out for Kitchens in 2014" according to Yahoo?  Read this article to find out.  What do you think?, Just a reminder that we will be open until 4pm today.  We want to say thank you to our awesome customers for a great 2013! See ya in 2014! Happy New Year everyone!, What is your 2014 New Year's Resolution?, We hope everyone had a very Merry Christmas!  Please tell us what was your favorite gift you received from a loved one this year that was purchased at Hartville Hardware?, Merry CHRISTmas everyone!!, Holiday Hours:  We will be open 8-4pm on Christmas Eve & New Years Eve and closed on Christmas Day & New Years Day., Bag Sale starts today and ends Thursday!  We close at 4pm tomorrow, and will open again on Thursday the 26th at 8am!  Merry Christmas!, CHRISTMAS GIFT IDEA: Black & Decker Screwdriver Project Kit!  Regular price $44.99, on sale for a limited time for 39.97!!, null, Check out this video to see Moxie in action!, CHRISTMAS GIFT IDEA: Meet Moxie: Kohler's Showerhead + Wireless Speaker.  Available in assorted colors to be special ordered, but stocked in white for $149.99! Great for the techie or shower singer on your list!, CHRISTMAS GIFT IDEA: Hartville Hardware Hoodies!  Everyone loves a warm hooded sweatshirt in the winter!  Assorted colors and sizes available, get them while they last....these go fast!, CHRISTMAS GIFT IDEA:  Rockwell 16V Drill/Impact Kit Includes 3/8" 16V Drill, 1/4" 16V Impact Drill, Extra Battery, and Free Battery   Program!  Regular price is $169.99, on sale for a limited time for only $109.99!  An amazing deal!!  Great for the DIYer on your Christmas list!, CHRISTMAS GIFT IDEAS: Our Christmas shoppe is full of great stocking Stuffers and gifts for family & friends on your list.  Candles, Scarves, Jewelry, Ornaments, etc. The best part is Everything is on Sale!!, CHRISTMAS GIFT IDEA: Dyson Vacuums, Fans, and Heaters!  All items 20% off for a limited time!, Hartville Hardware will be closing early tonight.  We will close at 6:00 pm so that all of our employees can attend our Christmas banquet tonight.  Thanks for your understanding., CHRISTA GIFT IDEA: Eco Washer Pro! Never buy toxic laundry detergent again and save $600 per year with this new technology!  One-time up front cost of only $288!! Everyone can use a gift like this!, CHRISTMAS GIFT IDEA: Mag Lites are a great stocking stuffer idea!, CHRISTMAS GIFT IDEA: Custom Corn Hole Boards!  We stock a pair of the tops already cut with the hole (we took care of the hardest part for you).  We also have a list of all the pieces you need to purchase to make your very own corn hole boards.  Get your corn hole bags here too! What a great gift for any age!, CHRISTMAS GIFT IDEA: John Deere toys!! There are lots of toys, big and small, for all ages.  Come see our extensive selection!, CHRISTMAS GIFT IDEA: Thinking about re-finishing your Kitchen Cabinets? This DIY tool will give you a professional finish for a fraction of the cost! The Spray Station 5500 is a professional unit designed for light contractor, serious woodworking and automotive enthusiasts. The Spray Station 5500 is ideal for use in the workshop around the home or the jobsite. The professional gun and powerful turbine make this unit a perfect tool to achieve that showroom finish on cabinets, furniture and even cars. Water-based and oil-based coatings can be applied with the HV5500.  Check it out in our Paint Dept. for $319.99 today!, CHRISTMAS GIFT IDEA: The Grill Daddy Pro cleans like no other! New barbeque grill cleaning tool cleans dirty grills in minutes with the power of water. Preheat grill, fill The Grill Daddy Pro with water, and start to brush away caked on food residue and grease, releasing water as you brush; rinsing away burnt food and dirt. The water hits the hot grill and turns to steam, leaving the grill sparkling clean and sanitized; your food will taste better. Sturdy handles provide leverage, keeping hands away from heat. Additional features include handy storage hook, 2 removable, dishwasher safe brush attachments. Brush features double gauge stainless steel bristles, and heavy-duty scraper features extra heavy bristles for hard to reach areas. Built to last. Great for large grills. Just $14.99 in our Outdoor Living Dept., Mix-and-Match base and lamp shades to make the perfect lamp for your home decor.  Now available in our Home Decor Dept., We got a whole new line of Laurey Decorative Cabinet Hardware in our Home Decor dept.  Come check it out!, Stop by and buy your Shop Hop Pass today! With exclusive discounts on over 30 businesses in Hartville this weekend only (Dec. 6 & 7), you can get your Christmas shopping done in one trip! 

With the purchase of a Shop Hop pass, Hartville Hardware is offering 20% off any single items in the Christmas Shop. Discount off of in stock, regular retail price only. Max discount of $50. Not valid with any other offer. Excludes previous purchases and Christmas Trees.

http://discoverhartville.com/hartville-shop-hop, null, Great deal on carhartt jackets!, Dyson's are on sale too, Friday, Saturday and Monday!, Come out this Friday or Saturday to take advantage of these fantastic deals for the special ones on your Christmas list!!! Doors open both days at 8am!, null, Thanksgiving is 2 days away! What are you most thankful for?, A special thank you to everyone who stopped out for our Fall Tool Sale this past weekend. The event was a huge success. We truly are proud to serve you! :), You don't want to miss all this FUN, come on out today! We are open until 6pm., Come in for 20% off on Christmas Decorations this weekend only!, Come out for our Giant Tool Sale going on today and tomorrow!, Check out what's coming up this weekend., Don't forget....this weekend only, the Giant Tool Sale at Hartville Hardware. You won't want to miss it., We still have this vanity display for sale! Such a great deal for 3 pieces.  Spread the word to anyone you know who is remodeling their bathroom., Brand New to our showroom: Check out GE's new Retro Artistry Series appliances, available in black and white., Bathroom Vanity, Countertop, and Mirror for sale! Stop into our Kitchen & Bath dept. to inquire., Bathroom Vanity, top, and mirror display for sale!, Come in today and tomorrow for our Christmas Open House!!, null, null, null, null, We are just one week away from our annual Christmas Shop Open House. This is one event you don't want to miss!, null, We have a 60"x32" one-piece tub/shower display we are selling for a great price!  Includes a shower door as well!  Come check it out!, Benjamin Moore's 2014 Color of the year is: Breath of Fresh Air, null, Hartville Hardware is offering a $1,000.00 reward that leads to the recovery of this John Deere Gator.  Please private message us if you have any details, This cute little dog was found shopping in our store today!  When I walked up and said "hi" to him he stood up and waved his front paws at me! Adorable!, Make your own homemade Laundry detergent!  This endcap in our Housewares Dept. has the recipe and all the ingredients you need to make your own natural detergent for a fraction of the price of brand name products!, null, Two great events happening at Hartville Hardware today! Don't miss our Egg Fest from 11:00 AM - 2:00 PM featuring free samples of some amazing food prepared by our in-house chefs on The Big Green Egg as well as samples of 3 different Keurig flavors. Also from 3:00 PM - 5:00 PM you won't want to miss our Outdoor Power seminars in our John Deere department. Experience 4 awesome seminars in all and enjoy free popcorn for all who attend., Check out the two great evens we have going on at Hartville Hardware this weekend!, null, Never thought of a kitchen sink as a cubbyhole, but this cute little boy climbed right into it!, Don't miss this huge 2 day John Deere Sales Event and 1 day of great educational seminars., Your very own Hartville Hardware won a Beacon Award! Check out the video on youtube link below:, Check out all of the animals at Hartville Hardware today for our Purina Checkerboard Days! They will be here until 2:00 PM., Don't miss the animals at Hartville Hardware today until 2:00!, Don't forget today is going to be a great day to stop out to Hartville Hardware for our Purina Checkerboard Days. Check out all of the fun things you can see., Come out this Saturday for Purina Checkerboard Days!!  The farm animals will be here from 11am - 1pm, bring your kids out for some fun!, Don't miss our upcoming Grilling Cooking Class: Thanksgiving On The Grill on Wednesday, October 16th. There are still 5 spots available. Hurry....they will sell out fast., Come to Hartville Hardware for Purina's Check R Board days October 1-5th where you can enter to win a drawing for great giveaways! Saturday, October 5th is Family Fun Day! We will have mini horse and baby goats and lambs here from 11am-1pm. We hope to see you out!, Come to Hartville Hardware for Purina's Check R Board days October 1-5th where you can enter to win a drawing for great giveaways! Saturday, October 5th is Family Fun Day! We will have mini horse and baby goats and lambs here from 11am-1pm. We hope to see you out!, Come to Hartville Hardware for Purina's Check R Board days October 1-5th where you can enter to win a drawing for great giveaways!  Saturday, October 5th is Family Fun Day!  We will have  mini horse and baby goats and lambs here from 11am-1pm.  We hope to see you out!, null, Captured Photography Copyright 2013, Don't miss our 1st Annual Egg Fest on October 12th from 11:00 AM - 2:00 PM. Check out why the Big Green Egg is The Ultimate Cooking Experience., null, Still a few spots left in this great grilling class. See Customer Service today to reserve your spots. You won't want to miss it! An entire meal on the Grill!, New Product in our Clothing Dept.!, Recently, our family of businesses participated in a Blogger Outreach program through the Lake Township Chamber of Commerce. We've shared the first two blog posts about our campus and today we would like to share with you the final one by Sara Steigerwald of Sisters Shopping On A Shoestring. Check out what she and her family experienced when they visited. Happy Reading! :), Check out all of the fun we had at the last Grilling class at Hartville Hardware! We still have 6 openings available for our class that will take place on Wednesday, September 25th. The class is $15 per person and you must contact Customer Service to reserve your spot. We will be preparing an appetizer, side dish, main dish and dessert. All on the grill!, Recently, our family of businesses participated in a Blogger Outreach program through the Lake Township Chamber of Commerce. Yesterday, we posted the first blog post about our campus and today we would like to share with you the second one by Tonya Prater of The Traveling Praters. Check out what she and her teenage daughter experienced when they visited. Happy Reading! :)

http://www.thetravelingpraters.com/shop-hartville-campus/, Check out the review that Tracy Zdelar at Hall Of Fame Mom's did on our campus. She and her family visited us recently and visited all of our family of businesses., Come check out the Idea House....we rearranged!, 20% off sale on Home Fashions, Candles, and Candle Accessories in our Housewares Dept., We got in a bunch of adorable salt and pepper shakers in our Housewares Dept.  What a great gift idea and a cute way to accessorize in your kitchen! Here is one for you coffee lovers:, null, Its going to be a beautiful day!, https://www.facebook.com/hartvillehardware/app_141428856257, null, Check out our cooking class for August! Hurry spaced are limited!, Recently Hartville Hardware was featured on a great travel show out of Columbus, OH. Check out this quick clip with Howard Miller., Check out who visited Hartville Hardware recently... It's  J. Phineas Ballyhoo the official clown of the Kelly Miller Circus. We caught him clowning around our store last week. Tickets for the circus are still available at customer service!, Come check out our new decorating section in our Housewares Dept!, null, We are very excited to share with you our brand new promo video. Check it out!, null, Check out the sky this morning over our store! :), We have 3 round vessel bathroom sinks in stock marked down for only $99, come get them!!  Such a great deal!, Check out the new tile we got in today! It looks like exotic wood!, null, We are open 8a-2p on Thursday.  Happy 4th everyone!, Looking for a fun project, but don’t have tools of your own? Hartville Hardware can help! Our helpful lumber department can cut your pieces down to size for you for a minimal fee. This GINORMOUS Jenga set was created by one of our customers for a unique outside summer activity for his church youth group., null, Don't miss the Discovery Channel's Dr. Lori live at Hartville MarketPlace on June 24th. See event listing for more details., Let your friends know that you feed the best! Use these egg carton wraps to customize the eggs you give to friends and family.


http://purinapoultry.com/just-for-fun/egg-carton-wrappers/, Father's Day Tool Savings Friday, June 14 and Saturday June 15 ONLY!!!!, Local author to be at Hartville Hardware for book signing this Saturday 9am - 2pm., null, View of the Hartville MarketPlace & Flea Market & Hartville Kitchen on Memorial Day from our roof:, View of the Hartville MarketPlace & Flea Market & Hartville Kitchen on Saturday from our roof:, Memorial Day Weekend is upon us! We will be open today until 8:00pm, Saturday 8:00am-6:00pm and Monday 8:00am-2:00pm. What are your plans for the long weekend?, We are very excited to announce that our very own Hartville Kitchen will be hosting three brand new dinner concerts over the next couple of weeks. 

• Selah – Friday, May 31st 
Doors open at 5:30 PM | Dinner at 6:00 PM | Concert at 7:00 PM

• Sandi Patty – Thursday, June 6th
Doors open at 5:30 PM | Dinner at 6:00 PM | Concert at 7:00 PM

• Mark Schultz – Friday, June 7th 
Doors open at 5:30 PM | Dinner at 6:00 PM | Concert at 7:00 PM

The dinner concerts at Hartville Kitchen are more unique than any concert experience that you have ever had. Our concerts include a full 3 course meal of delicious Hartville Kitchen home-style food, and an intimate setting in which to enjoy your favorite artists. All concerts are held in our banquet room which seats only 500 people. This setting allows the artists to perform in a way in which you may have never experienced, sharing personal stories, and interacting directly with the audience. 

Tickets to all three of the above mentioned concerts are only $48 each and include your meal. 

Get your tickets now by calling 330.877.9353 or online at www.itickets.com., Happy Mother's Day!, null, JD Green Tag Event this Friday & Saturday!, FREE Viola plant to the first 500 Kids at Hartville Hardware this Saturday, May 11 ONLY!!!, Still a few spots available for our May Cooking Class., We are very pleased to announce that our Outdoor Living area is in full bloom. Just in time to gussy up your patios, flower beds and walkways. Stop in today and check out all of the creative ways to beautify your outdoor living space. Oh...and don't forget a grill for Dad! Father's Day is right around the corner., null, Our new John Deere Commercial hot off the press!, A new place to eat on Market Days!  Check out the Lunch Box next to Sarah's Grille! Open from 10:30-4 each Market Day!, Come to the store by May 31 to enter for your chance to win a $1000 shopping spree!  No purchase necessary.  Please only one entry per person!!!, Did you know that we have party rentals? Cotton candy machine, laser tag, tables, chairs, tents and more! Stop by our rental department on the lower level of the store to reserve  for your party!, A year ago today people were anxiously waiting outside of our doors for the opening of our new store!  What a great year it has been! Thank you to all of our loyal customers and many new customers we have gained in the new store!  Looking forward to another great year!, null, null, null, Bag Sale going on now! click here for details!, Chick Days are in full Swing! Come see our live chicks in our Farm & Pet department and consider setting up a coop this spring!, Just a couple more spots available for the cooking class tomorrow. Call in now to save your spot!, This Wednesday is our next cooking class at Hartville Hardware. We still have a few spots available. See customer service for details., It's going to be a beautiful day! :), Cooking Class Next Wednesday!  http://conta.cc/WQ3Bge, Huge Fabric Sale http://conta.cc/XIgqwq, Check out these awesome deals on Fabric! Hartville Hardware has just gotten 6,000 yards of fabric in and we are selling it at a close out price. Only $1 per yard. You must buy the entire bolt. Come in and check it out today!, If you are crafty and like to sew you will want to know that we just got in 6,000 yds of fabric and we are selling it at $1.00 per yd by the bolt only!  Come take advantage of this great deal!, Cooking class #1 is currently in progress at Hartville Hardware. We still have four more classes scheduled. See Customer Service today to reserve your spot!, General International CNC Demo Day http://conta.cc/YEESyS, Did you sign up for our cooking classes yet?? Less than one week left until they start!, Cooking Classes at Hartville Hardware! http://conta.cc/W6bpKk, What is your favorite thing to do on a cold & rainy day?, A beautiful sunny day in Ohio, a great day for our Tool Sale!! Come out and be part of this exciting event today! Tool, Sweeper, and Cooking Demos going on as well as free popcorn & lemonade and 50 cent hotdogs! Can't beat that!, Today starts our Semi annual tool sale. You won't want to miss amazing sales on all of our tools, demonstrations from leading tool experts, sweeper demos, and a live cooking demo in our appliance area., Happy Valentines Day!! <3, Did you know that Hartville Hardware will soon be offering cooking classes in our Appliance Department? All classes will be taught by Executive Chef Susan Littell. Right now, we are running a special if you buy 4 classes you get 1 free. Please present the coupon below at Customer Service to receive your FREE class., GIANT Tool Sale this Friday & Saturday!!  February 15 & 16! http://conta.cc/14P09sr, Tool Sale going on all this week.  Vendors and Demos here Friday and Saturday only! Come check out the excitement!, GIANT Tool Sale February 15 & 16! http://conta.cc/TExoeO, We are pretty excited about this award! Come check out our design center for yourself!, Check out our latest video featuring our family of businesses...

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5MVQJRVjWok, Happy New Year! Thanks for a great 2012 in our move to our new store! Excited for a new year, see you in 2013!, Merry Christmas everyone!  We pray you have a wonderful Christmas and remember the reason we celebrate this day!  Thank you Jesus for the greatest gift of all!, 20% BAG SALE NOW THROUGH DECEMBER 27! http://conta.cc/12nDXUg, Come shop our Christmas Dept. today, we are up to 40% off!, Christmas Gift idea # 4....Just in time for Christmas! Hartville Hardware hoodies!  Or maybe a Hartville Hardware mug with a gift card inside!, one week until Christmas!!!!, Come spin the wheel of fish for your chance to win a $200 gift card to Hartville Hardware! Mark Rein is here until 1:00 today!, Countdown to CHRISTmas gift idea #3...it's shotgun season (again) and when you get your prize Hartville Hardware has what you need to make some yummy treats!  Real Tree products for the deer harvesting enthusiast on your list!, Countdown to CHRISTmas gift idea #2...baby it's cold outside...if you need a space heater skip out on the boring little heated boxes and opt for a miniature electric fireplace! It heats just as well as a standard space heater but looks oh so much sweeter!, Sweeper Sale this Saturday ONLY! http://conta.cc/Z3eFN7, Countdown to CHRISTmas #1... The Big Green Egg... It's a grill...it's a smoker... It can cook everything from steak to pizza to cookies AND... It's green!  What more could you ask for?, Need a gift idea for the hunter on your Christmas List?  Consider a Real Tree by Weston Game Processing Equipment & Accessories now stocked in our Housewares Dept., It is snowing outside....., Real Tree by Weston Game Processing Equipment & Accessories are now available at Hartville Hardware in our Housewares Dept., For those of you who visiting our new RowHouse showroom today...what did you think of it?  Which display was your favorite?, Row Houses Now Open at Hartville Hardware http://conta.cc/TyjGYK, Tomorrow is the big day for our final installment of the New Hartville Hardware.  The Kitchen and Bath Showroom inside the Row Houses behind the Idea House will be open to the Public.  Come check it out!, Just curious how many of you have decorated for Christmas already and how many like to wait until closer to Christmas and what are your reasons?, Happy Thanksgiving!, Black Friday Sale at Hartville Hardware!  http://conta.cc/URF9JA, So much going on today...vendors on site, demos of tools, big green egg, GE cooking, sales in Christmas shop, ball jars, lumber specials, and of course lots of deals on tools!  Come out today and join in the fun of our GIANT TOOL SALE!, null, It's a great day for a Tool Sale!, GIANT Tool Sale THIS FRIDAY & SATURDAY  November 16 & 17 http://conta.cc/RBsXPy, Thanksgiving is next week!
What are some of your favorite Thanksgiving traditions?, null, Gentlebrook Harvest Festival and Craft Bazaar http://conta.cc/SxFcdr, GIANT Tool Sale November 16 & 17 http://conta.cc/RBsvk8, Christmas Shop Open house today and tomorrow. Scratch a card and Save 20%-100% on all items you buy from the Christmas Shop!, We just got in a new shipment of Generators available in the John Deere dept., Christmas Shop Open House November 2 & 3 http://conta.cc/SVJrA5, 20% BAG SALE NOW THROUGH OCTOBER 31! http://conta.cc/SVozZQ, Bag Sale starts today goes through Wednesday! Come take advantage of 20% off!, come out today for Safetyville at Hartville Hardware!, Safetyville at Hartville Hardware http://conta.cc/TsJlEo, The Idea House is all ready for Christmas! Come see the lovely decorations, which are available for purchase in our Christmas Shoppe!, Hartville Hardware Carhartt Bag Sale  http://conta.cc/PwCOSe, Looking to install some tile in your home?  Here's an article on what is trending in the market today...


http://pro.moen.com/news-and-insights/product-styles/cms/article?id=267&fullSite=True&source=01020100080&EID=21396536&RRID=726439&RMID=TradeOnSiteOctober2012_NonLoyalist&unique_id=726439, Hammond Candy bars have some creative flavors...which one of these would YOU choose?, Hartville Hardware Shaw Flooring Event http://conta.cc/UEexMg, Hartville Hardware on CNBC!, Thank You for Voting us the Best Hardware in Beacon's Best Awards for 2012!!!, What a beautiful Fall weekend - what are your favorite things to do in the Fall?, Hartville Hardware Buy 1 Gallon Get 1 Gallon for $5 Paint Sale http://conta.cc/Qf2sfz, Remodeling? See all of Cambria's Designs by downloading the Cambria's App!, More Baby Carhartt clothing in stock - come check out the selection!, We have Carhartt Baby clothes in our clothing department. Check out our adorable baby model in a Carhartt onesie!, Check out this article on our new store!  

http://mydigimag.rrd.com/publication/frame.php?i=123992&p=&pn=&ver=flex, Paint and Carhartt Savings http://conta.cc/P7CJX7, How will you spend this cold & rainy Saturday?, Happy Labor Day everyone! We are open 8-2pm today., Hartville Hardware Tax Free Day http://conta.cc/NHsVBt, These adorable kids lights would make your child's room brighter and happier! The kids will love the unique designs!, We just got in a new line of unique kids lights!  These things are adorable!, Ladies, we have Krylon Looking Glass Spray Paint, as seen on Pinterest, in our Paint Dept.  Use this in-expensive spray paint to get an expensive decorative look by spruce up your old decor sitting around collecting dust!, Check it out... Hartville Hardware mugs! Get yours today and enjoy a free cup of coffee as you shop.  They also make great gifts for coffee & tea drinkers., Hartville Hardware August Specials http://conta.cc/O5ELZ1, Back to School Appliance Deals http://conta.cc/NwEGes, Check out the two newest colors of Cambria Quartz!, null, null, Have a great weekend everyone!, What is your favorite Olympic sport?, July is almost over already! What one thing will you miss most about Summer?, The best place to be during a thunderstorm is ______________. (fill in the blank), What a beautiful day God has given us today!, Need reasons to come out to Hartville Hardware's Grand Opening Celebration tonight til 8 or tomorrow from 8am - 6 pm....see below!, Don't forget about registering to win one of many wonderful door prizes...over $15,000 in product we are giving away!  Have to come to register, but you don't need to be here to win...Winners will be drawn and notified on Monday..., Beautiful Products...handmade by a local artist..., ...and MORE GREAT deals!!!, GREAT Deals...., Live Vendor Demonstrations..., Register at 8 different station for a chance to win over $15,000 in Door Prizes including a Dyson Animal and AMO2 Tower Fan, TVs, a bronze 2 person swing, a Weber Grill and SOOO much more!, Did we mention 50 Cent hot dogs?, null, Duck Tape RV with interactive displays, and make-it-yourself station to make a craft out of duct tape..., Missing our Grand Opening Celebration Today?  Just a few reasons to catch us tomorrow from 8am -6pm...., null, Come out to our Grand Opening Celebration today!!  We are open 8a-8p today and 8a-6p tomorrow.  See flyer below for details., Hartville Hardware Grand Opening Celebration!  July 13 & 14 http://conta.cc/N4i59E, 97 degrees today! Come on in and cool off while you shop!, Happy 4th of July! :), Hartville Hardware Grand Opening Celebration!  July 13 & 14 http://conta.cc/N4hDZ8, We are open 8-8 today, closed tomorrow in observance of Independence Day.  Happy 4th everyone!, Good news - we have generators in stock! Ask for the Power Equipment dept., this is pretty cool - Kohlers bathroom fixture colors from each decade from the 20s to today! Click on the link and check out the colors by clicking on the different tabs labeled with the decades.  What color do you remember from your childhood?  Avocado Green anyone?, what are your 4th of July plans?, who likes these high temps???, Tomorrow is Father's Day! If you still need to get something for dad come to Hartville Hardware!  We have thousands of items your dad would love.  Not sure what to get him? Gift cards are always great so dad can get what he really wants.  We are open 8a-6p today.  Happy Father's Day to all the dads!!, Did you know that Hartville Hardware now has a full line of Farm & Pet food and Supplies?  Along with food and supplies for dogs and cats, we now have it for sheep, cows, horses, llamas and so much more!!  With brands you trust like Purina, Weaver Leather and more!, Old Hartville Hardware Auction--Inventory Clean Up! http://conta.cc/Lie6XU, What are your Summer plans?, Have a great weekend everyone!, Old Hartville Hardware Auction--Inventory Clean Up! http://conta.cc/Lidth9, Come to Hartville Hardware and take a pic with the i heart stark bird for a chance to win a $250 gas card!

1. Take a picture with the I [♥] Stark sign with YOUR OWN CAMERA located at the front of the store.

2. Email your photo to: photos@visitcantonstark.com, along with your name, address and phone number and they’ll be automatically entered to win the $250 gas card!

3. Look for the bird at other stark businesses and do the same more chances to win! Limit one entry per location.
http://www.visitcantonstark.com/photo-contest, Great deals on Dewalt tools - check it out!, We are open 8am - 2pm today!, Wishing everyone a safe and enjoyable Memorial Day Weekend!  Remember we are open Saturday from 8am to 6pm and Monday, Memorial Day from 8am to 2pm this year!, So, what are you big Memorial Weekend plans??, null, null, We will be open 8a-2p Monday Memorial Day!, It's going to be a gorgeous weekend!  What home projects do you have planned?, It's a beautiful day in Hartville, how are you spending it?, Happy Mother's Day to all you Moms!, Your Mom called, she said she hopes you come in today and find her something awesome for Mother's Day tomorrow! Perhaps a new Dyson vacuum on sale today, or maybe a beautiful hanging basket for 20% off today, or a nice patio set from our outdoor living dept.  There are lots of great gifts for Mom waiting for you today! Don't let your Mom down! :), What are you getting Mom for Mother's Day?, Hanging Baskets are in...come get one for your mom!  Mother's Day this Sunday, May 12th!, John Deere Spring Sale http://conta.cc/IpCDFY, another new Cambria color available at Hartville Hardware!, check on one of Cambria's newest colors! What do you think?, 20% off all Dyson Vacuums & Fans April 28-May 12, 2012!  Yes! A sweet deal in time for a Mother's Day gift. Or, if you've always wanted one now is the time when you can save on a Dyson for yourself!, Great Ideas from a Local Brick and Mortar to Bring awareness to Shop Local!  

http://blog.hartvillehealthandwellness.com/uncategorized/who-do-you-love-and-not-want-to-lose/, http://www.discoverhartville.com/lake-community-cinema

Great Family Fun while in Hartville this Weekend!, null, http://www.cantonrep.com/newsnow/x1221865348/Video-Step-inside-a-giant-hardware-store,  April 12,2012, http://www.cantonrep.com/photos/x403920591/Photo-Gallery-Hartville-Hardware-Grand-Opening
Some pics from the Canton Repository taken Wednesday night and Opening Day
, The day has come...we are opening our new store from 8am-8pm today! Come check it out!, Today we close at 4pm at our 940 West Maple location.  Thank you for 40 years of support in that store!  We will re-open Thursday, April 12th at our new location, 1315 Edison Street at 8am., Happy Easter Everyone!, our new sign lit at night, Which department are you most excited to see in the new store?, one more week!!!!!, Click here for special hours at our current store and our new store opening day!  Thank you for your business for the past 40 years and for your continued support in our new store!, The New Hartville Hardware, The moving process is inconvenient for everyone....we would like to thank our loyal customers for being patient with us as we transition into our new store.  We appreciate you and look forward to serving you in our new home!, null, We have kitchen cabinet displays for sale in our old store! great deals!, Early Spring?  We'll take it...., The New Hartville Hardware, The LHS Middle & High School lunch ladies enjoying the school's new John Deere Gator!, last day for tool sale in the old store, can you believe it?, Tool Sale today! reps and demos!! come check it out!, GIANT Tool Sale! http://conta.cc/wcLm6c, Tool Sale going on this week...Demos and reps this Friday & Saturday! Plan to stop out!, Come out to get your salt & shovels...and 70% off Christmas Shop Items & some clearance items!!!, The New Hartville Hardware, the fed mill getting siding put on, The New Hartville Hardware, GIANT Tool Sale! http://conta.cc/y0r1p7, The New Hartville Hardware, It's a beautiful day here in Hartville, Oh!, The New Hartville Hardware, HELP WANTED! SMALL ENGINE TECHNICIAN http://conta.cc/yIIMEL, loving this beautiful day!!  How about you?, Check out the Benjamin Moore Paint colors of 2012! , http://myemail.constantcontact.com/CLEARANCE-SALE--UP-TO-50--OFF--GOING-ON-RIGHT-NOW-.html?soid=1101977573805&aid=vGC6qbgn8t4, When you think of Hartville, OH {and surrounding area} what are some places/buildings/details that comes to mind?, The Houses starting to put roofs on and trim, Actual part of the siding of our original Live Stock Auction building going into our new store! It's where we started..., CLEARANCE SALE--UP TO 50% OFF--GOING ON RIGHT NOW!!http://conta.cc/w4IzYz, and the snow is gone already..., its finally snowing...., The New Hartville Hardware, who else is enjoying this warm winter?, what is your new years resolution for 2012??, Happy New Year from all of us at Hartville Hardware!  May you have a even better 2012!, How are you ringing in the New Year?, 50% off ALL Christmas Shop items!!!, The base and wall cabinets below are for sale together, as a set, for $50.00.  See Kitchen or Bath sales associate in store if interested., null, Merry CHRISTmas from all of us at Hartville Hardware!, Use this coupon to get 10% off any John Deere toys, Countdown to CHRISTmas Gift Idea #5: John Deere toys!  We have tons of them and you can print a coupon, bring it in and get a deal!, http://www.hartvillehardware.com/20-off-bag-sale, We apologize, our bag sale goes until the end of this month, December 31st 2011., 20% BAG SALE NOW THROUGH OCTOBER 31! http://conta.cc/rqmyWn, SWEEPER SALE, THIS SATURDAY, DECEMBER 17, 2011!!! http://conta.cc/uIGDke, Countdown to CHRISTmas Gift Idea #4: Candle Warmers!  We have several different styles/models and finishes in stock.  They are all on sale from 20-33% off now through Christmas Eve!  This makes a wonderful gift for anyone on your list.  They add warmth and fragrance to any space (kitchen, dorm room, work station, etc.).  Starting at $11.99!!, Today is our huge sweeper sale...come get the best price on your favorite sweeper for you or someone on your list! We are open until 6pm., Countdown to CHRISTmas Gift Idea #3: Sweepers!  We have a huge sale on them tomorrow, December 10th! Get the best possible price on sweepers for those on your list! We are open 8a-6p on Saturday., SWEEPER SALE, THIS SATURDAY, DECEMBER 10, 2011 ONLY!!! http://conta.cc/ucRd3S, Countdown to CHRISTmas Gift Ideas #2:  Rachel Ray cookware, bake-ware, and kitchen gadgets in many fun colors!  Rachel Ray makes your time in the kitchen more enjoyable with her colorful products!  They make great Christmas gifts and what is even better is that everything Rachel Ray is 20% off now through Christmas Eve!, What do you plan to buy with your 50% off coupon today at Hartville Hardware?, Print the coupon below and get 50% off today only!!!!!, 50% OFF ONE ITEM--SATURDAY, DECEMBER 3 ONLY! http://conta.cc/w4PD46, http://www.hartvillehardware.com/uploads/90201322753586.pdf, Countdown to Christmas Gift Ideas #1: Looking for quality, fun, yet educational toys for the kids on your list? All Melissa & Doug toys are 20% off now through Christmas Eve! Check out the mini cart.  Your kids will love it.  It's just their size!, What was your best Black Friday/Saturday/Cyber Monday deal this year?, There are still buckets left, come get one and save today only!, New Stock Item: Disposable Paper Bakeware! Perfect for Holiday bakes goods and gifts!, New Stock Item: Paper Bakeware! Perfect for Holiday bakes goods and gifts!, The first 100 customers got a bucket with great savings that can be used all day long!  Also, see our ad below for special deals while supplies last!  Come Saturday morning for your chance to get a bucket and save all day!  Happy Thanksgiving!, Friday and Saturday Specials at Hartville Hardware http://conta.cc/sOUr3A, For all of you who attended the tool sale, what was your favorite part?, 2nd day of our Giant Tool Sale...come check it out!, Come out to our Giant Tool Sale today and get a dozen Krispy Kremes.  All proceeds go to help Haiti!, Let the fun begin.... Giant Tool Sale going on today & tomorrow!!! Promos, demos, vendors booths, free popcorn..., 30 HVAC Units installed on our new building...kind of exciting!, https://docs.google.com/a/hartvillehardware.com/viewer?a=v&pid=explorer&chrome=true&srcid=0B0blbP85CVcNOTQ0ZWQ4MzAtYjhmOC00NGY0LWIwMWMtYTI2NTA0ZTZhZTZl&hl=en_US, GIANT Tool Sale! http://conta.cc/tMTYXv, Get ready....it's that time of the year again!, GIANT Tool Sale! http://conta.cc/ujXJ7D, 67 and sunny! What a great forecast for this beautiful day :), Come out to our Christmas Shop Open House going on today! Get great deals when you pop a balloon for your discount!, Come check out our Christmas Shop Open House today and tomorrow!, Check out our jungle!  Melissa & Doug Giant Stuffed Jungle animals starting at $39.99 make great Christmas Gifts!, Christmas Shop Open House http://conta.cc/vN7Gps, Today is the last day for 20% off bag savings! We are open until 8pm, come in and get 20% off with the Bag Sale today is the last day!, It's that time again....20% off Bag Sale is here!  Come get your savings!, http://www.thecanconverter.com/video/videoplayer.html, It's a beautiful Fall day!, Who is enjoying this warm weather we are having?, Enter to win our $1000 Shopping Giveaway now through November30th! Entry forms at front registers!, Did you know..., Christmas Shop is starting to be set up...Yes, it's that time of the year again..., We just got a shipment of Kid's Carhartt Jackets, Clothes, Hats in today! They are so fun!  Come get your kids some stylish clothes!, Here is another Girl's Pink Carhartt Jacket we now stock!, Check out this super cute Carhartt Kids Jacket!, Has anyone ever had this nasty looking mushroom grow in their flower beds?  How do you get rid of it?, Today is the first day of Fall, Summer is officially over.  How does this make you feel?, All the Angry Birds you could want are now available at Hartville Hardware!, don't forget about our $1000 giveaway...enter to win at the front of our store!, Anyone getting married or have a special event coming up? Check out this Party Spark Photo Booth company for a great time at any party!, Here is what people are saying about Two Old Goats Arthritis & Fibromyalgia Lotion: "I want to thank all of you for making this. My knee is almost pain free. No more stiffness in the morning or on a long ride. I have shared most of it with friends and family, so I need a bottle for myself."  Available now in our housewares Dept. Try it and let us know what you think of it., what is on your weekend project list?, Check it out-- home-made BBQ sauce made locally in Hartville, OH! Good Stuff! Pick some up today in our Seasonal Dept., Enter to win our $1000 Shopping Giveaway now through November30th!  Entry forms at front registers!, who is ready for this Fall weather?, Tax Free on all in-stock purchases today only! Yes!, Tax Free Day tomorrow from 8am-6pm!, Look at all the throw back soda pops we now stock! Check out the selection at our back register in Tools.  Enjoy a refreshing soda on this hot & humid day!, What is your favorite thing about Fall?, Come get your tickets!, 50% off Clearance Sale going on now at Hartville Hardware!, Have a great weekend!, 50% off Clearance Sale going on now! Great buys! Come check it out!, We would like to tell you about an exciting new item we have at Hartville Hardware and give you a coupon for it!  Check it out Coffee lovers!, Wallpaper (NOT Borders) is now 50% off our regular retail price, ALL SALES FINAL, Hartville Hardware now stocks KitchenAid standing Mixers in fun colors like White, Black, Metalic, Red, and Hot Pink! There are also hand mixers and blenders to match! Come get all the small appliances to accessorize your kitchen!, Appliance Sale going on now Hartville Hardware!, null, All Annuals are 75% off, all Perennials are 25% off, and all clay pots are 25% off!, Hope everyone had a happy 4th!, Today from 8-6 In stock items are Tax Free! Come take advantage of the savings on this rainy Saturday!, Tax Free Day Saturday from 8-6pm!!!, No Sales Tax This Saturday Only!!, It's time to paint because we have a Paint Sale!, In-Stock Cabinet Sale now through end of June!!, It's Summer and our Outdoor Living Dept. is booming! All hanging baskets are 20% off and we have Lawn Fertilizer with Insecticide for only $6.94 (reg. $13.00)! Come check us out!, Have a Great Memorial Day Weekend everyone!, 10% off all in-stock patio furniture!, We have beautiful flowers for your flower beds! Come check them out!, What home improvement projects are on your list for this Summer?, Another Beautiful Day in Ohio! :)  Ready to get your garden going, come into our Outdoor Living Dept., What a beautiful Day!, Your Mom called us...she said she would love a beautiful hanging basket for Mother's Day tomorrow!  That's why we are giving you 20% off all of our beautiful hanging baskets today only, open until 6pm. Mom will love it, grab one for yourself while your at it! :)  Happy Mother's Day!!!, How exciting!! Cambria is WOWing us again! Check out these new colors available this Summer..., Rain, Rain, Go Away..., What home-improvement projects are you planning to conquer this Spring/Summer?, Is it a beautiful day or what?  We now have flowers and plants! :), Happy Easter Everyone! He is Risen!, Buy One Gallon of Paint & Get the 2nd for only $1.00 now through April 30th!, What is your favorite Easter Tradition & Why?, Our Cambria Day got rained out so we moved it indoors, which means no pony rides, bummer!  But Cambi the Cambria Dragon was here and the kids enjoyed him!, Be here Saturday for our John Deere Tent Sale where you can ride the tractors for yourself. Also, visit the Cambria tent to see the beautiful Quartz and get a special deal on  your kitchen coutnertop. For the kids, see Cambi the dragon and free pony rides! We will also have hamburgers and hot dogs for lunch! Come on out! Rain or Shine! And you can enter to win our $1000 shopping giveaway!, In the market for a new countertop?  Want to get the kids out of the house this weekend for something free & fun?  Come out to our Camrbia Day and see the beautiful Cambria Quartz countertop surfaces and your kids can meet Cambi the Dragon after their pony ride!, Come out this weekend for our John Deere Tent Event!, We have a display sink that we need to get rid of.  It's a great quality 18 Gauge Stainless Steel drop in, 9" deep, single hole drilling.  Regular priced at $489.99, yours for only $349.99!  Great deal for a Great sink!  Click link for more info.  This one only!  Come get it today!, What is the best April Fools Day prank?, Sweeper Sale This Week Only!, Scotts Seminar going on now at Hartville Hardware!, Check it out!, Scott's Lawn Care Seminar!, Kitchen & Bath Sale going on now though March 19th!, Hartville Kitchen is celebrating their 45th anniversary! Take advantage of the celebration specials!, rain, rain go away, come again another day...or not!, How great is this?  $2.99/SF for wood flooring!!!  Print your coupon now!, its snowing bad out there... be careful!  If you need shovels and salt come see us!, null, Surprise! President's Day Flooring Sale starts today!! , Hey all your tool fans....today & tomorrow we have hands-on demos and vendor reps at the store to talk to about tools.  You don't want to miss this event!  Also, free food and the lowest prices on tools anywhere!, null, One Week Only Sweeper Sale!, the tool sale is going on all week...reps, food, & demos this Friday & Saturday!  Come in and get the best prices ever on your tools!!!, You guessed it....GIANT TOOL SALE!, guess what's coming up next week????? I'll give you a hint: the 1st word is GIANT!, get 10% off a faucet for your kitchen or bathroom when you sign up for exclusive e-mail coupons on our website!, Go to our website www.hartvillehardware.com and sign up for exclusive e-mail coupons!  Like this week you can get 10% off all in stock kitchen & Bath Faucets!, We still have safety salt in-stock for anyone who needs it!, Who is ready for Spring?, More generators will be in this afternoon...call the tool dept. before making a trip!, a happy customer got their new Cambria Countertops installed yesterday! They selected a new 2011 color-Canterbury- for their large island and a coordinating solid color-Clyde- for their other countertops in the kitchen.  Go to www.cambriausa.com to view all 84 of Cambria's beautiful colors!, Go to our website and sign up for e-mails to get exclusive coupons!  Like this week you can save 20% off in-stock cabinet hardware!, Be prepared for all the snow in the forecast....get your shovels and salt tonight!, The Decorating Dept. is having a drawing for a 160oz Candleberry Cookie Jar Candle for Valentines Day! Buy 2 or more 26oz Candleberry Candles and you will qualify to enter the drawing to be held on Feb 14th 2011. Plus Candleberry 26oz Candles are now on sale for only $17.99 each. See Decorating Dept. for details., Christmas Shop Items are now 80% off!!!, Check out all the hair colors and hat colors available for Flair Hair Hats!, We now stock the famous Flair Hair Hats!  Many colors to choose from, all for a low price of $16.99!, Here is three of our employees modeling our newest products: Flair Hair Hats!, today is the last day for our flooring sale; these prices cannot be beat! Hurry in today!, 2 more days to get the best deal on your new flooring products only at Hartville Hardware!, **Special coupon just for facebook/e-mail fans! Just print & Save! , Do you need new flooring for your home or rental property?  Stop in and check out our selection today, everything is one sale! , Surprise! The Flooring Sale is starting today!!!, Flooring Sale at Hartville Hardware starts Monday! Prices will never be lower!, Home Improvements to do this winter, New product from Milwaukee in stock!  Great for the working man or to wear to an outdoor sports game in cold weather! Watch the video for more info.  We stock sizes Large and X-Large in our Tool dept., happy 2011!, What is your New Year's Resolution?, 20% off bag sale going on now!, 20% off bag sale going on now through Friday @ 4pm!, what was your favorite Christmas gift this year?, thanks you for your business and wishes you and yours a very Merry Christmas!  Enjoy your time with family and friends as you celebrate the birth of our Savior this year!, Need last minute stocking stuffers?  We've got tons! toys, gadgets, gloves, hats, ornaments, hot pink screwdrivers, flying monkeys, the works!  Plus all the Christmas items are 50% off! And all of these "stocking stuffers" will fit in the 20% off bag sale.  Come to Hartville Hardware to finish your Christmas shopping today! Open until 4pm, we would love to serve you!, Our lovely cashiers modeling our apparel!, Gift Tip of the Day: Hartville Hardware apparel!  Great for anyone on your list.  There are all different colors/styles available., Gift Tip of the Day: Corn-hole Boards unfinished and ready for you to personalize!  Only $26.99 for the pair!, Gift Tip of the Day: Corn-hole Game!  Personalize these unfinished Corn-hole boards for someone on your list this Christmas!  A great project for those with an artistic touch, or just paint them a solid color if you want.  Just $26.99 for the set., 50% off all Christmas Shop Items starts Today along with our 20% off bag sale.  Merry Christmas everyone and thank you for shopping at Hartville Hardware!, 20% off Bag Sale starts tomorrow!!! See link for details., Gift Tip of the Day: 128pc tool set on sale for only $49.97 while supplies last! Great gift for a pro tool man or a beginner! We would love to serve you!, Gift Tip of the Day: 128pc tool set regular price of $69.99, on sale for $49.97! While supplies last!, Gift Tip of the Day: Bunn Coffee Makers make a great cup of coffee. Perfect for the coffee drinker on your list this year!  We have lots of models in stock for only $99.99!, Gift Tip of the Day: Bunn Coffee Makers. These machines are known to make a perfect cup of coffee everytime!  Get one for the coffee drinker on your list this Christmas; only $99.99!, Gift Tip of the Day: Dutch Haus Electric Fireplaces.  A great gift to warm your home this winter.  Pick one up today for only $299.99! We would love to serve you!, Gift Tip of the Day: Dutch Haus Electric Fireplace!  These are great units to warm any home this winter.  We stock a unit called Sarah(see picture) in Maple for $299.99, a great price for a great unit.  Come check it out today for someone on your list, or for yourself! We would love to serve you!, Hoover Sweeper Sale! Today ONLY until they are gone! Prices will Never be lower!, Gift Tip of the Day: Decorative Speakers for In/Out Door use.  $89.99 for either style.  Great gift for anyone on your list.  Come check them out in our Seasonal Dept. today!  We would love to serve you!, Gift Tip of the Day: Indoor/Outdoor Speakers.  These have been a huge hit this year.  They are intended for outdoor use, but can definitely be used indoors as well.  They have great sound and a decent range.  You can wirelessly sync them to your ipod, computer, mp3, etc.  We use them in our Christmas Shop and even in a large room like that they can be heard clearly. There are two styles available at $89.99.  Great gift for the music lover on your list!, Gift Tip of the Day: Personalized items.  We can personalize your coffee mug, luggage tag, or ornament while you shop!  Great gifts with a personal touch! We would love to serve you!, Gift Tip of the Day: Personalized mugs for the coffee or tea drinker on your list! Only $17.99 for a quality personal gift!, Gift Tip of the Day: Personalized Items for anyone!  You can personalize an ornament, luggage tag, or coffee mug in our Christmas dept.  What a great gift idea!, Gift Tip of the Day: Carhartt Clothing.  Great gifts for the working man or woman.  We even have kids carhartt in stock! 25% off everything Carhartt!, Gift Tip of the Day: Carhartt Clothing for Men, Woman, & Children!  Our clothing dept. has a huge selection and everything in stock is % off! , Gift Tip of the Day: Hoover Vacuums. A great gift for anyone on your list!  This Saturday only get the best prices ever on Hoover products! We would love to serve you!, Gift Tip of the Day: Hoover vacuums, a great gift for any homeowner.  We just happen to have the best prices ever this Saturday only from 8am-6pm., how about this weather?  we have everything you need to survive this nasty weather...salt, shovels, scrapers and more!, Gift Tip of the Day: Rachael Ray Kitchen Products. 20% off all in-stock items!, Gift Tip of the Day: Rachael Ray kitchen items. 20% off all in-stock Rachael Ray products!  Perfect for the cook on your list!, Gift Tip of the Day: Rachael Ray kitchen items.  Our Housewares dept. has lots of Rachael Ray products in stock and you're in luck because all in-stock Rachael Ray items are 20% off!, null, Let's see what SPARKLZ can do..., Let's see what ZECAR can do..., Let's see what CRITTER can do..., Let's see what LE PINCH can do..., Let's see what COSMOJETZ can do..., Lets see what AWIKA can do..., Here is the line up...6 kikkerland wind ups ready to race!  Who will win???, Gift Tip of the Day: Kikkerland Wind Up Toys, great stocking stuffers!  Check out our videos and experience the fun for yourself!, Gift Tip of the Day: Kikkerland windup toys.  These are perfect stocking stuffers for anyone on your list.  We have quite a few different windups in stock., null, null, Gift Tip of the Day: John Deere Toys for all ages!, Gift Tip of the Day: John Deere Toys.  We've got a room full of John Deere toys for all ages!  Come check out our selection today!, This Saturday, One day only, Hoover Super Sale! Click link for details! Great Christmas Gift Idea!, Gift Tip of the Day: Candle Warmers.  There are 4 finishes to choose from.  Buy one as a gift or get one for yourself to keep your home smelling splendid this holiday season and all year long!, Gift Tip of the Day: Candle warmers on sale now for $19.99 regular price is $29.99, Gift Tip of the Day: Candle Warmer great for any homeowner who wants their home to smell amazing!, Gift Tip of the Day: EZ Foldz step stools.  An As Seen On TV item great gift for any age! he EZ Foldz Folding Step Stool is great for: 
the whole family
a great gift giving idea
friends
hobbyists
play
work 

Painters, gardeners, campers, fishermen, hunters, RV-ers, or in the home, everyone agrees that the EZ Foldz Folding Step Stool
is the most handy tool ever. It folds up to be conveniently stored almost any place w, Gift Tip of the Day: EZ Foldz Sttols for all ages!  Only $12.99 in our paint dept., Gift Tip of the Day: EZ Foldz Stools for all ages!, Gift Tip of the Day: John Deere Worksite Radio.  Reg. $119.99, now only $69.99, a great buy for Dad!  Limited quantities available in our John Deere Dept!, Gift Tip of the Day: John Deere Worksite Radio.  Durable, weather-resistant radio with AM/FM and an Aux port for MP3s or CDs!  Great gift for Dad!, Gift Tip of the Day: John Deere Worksite Radio, Gift Tip of the Day: Milissa & Doug Educational Toys, Here is a little shopper using the Melissa & Doug mini shopping cart which we have in stock!, Gift Tip of the Day:  Melissa & Doug is a manufacturer of educational toys!  Not only are their toys quality made and fun, but they are educational for your kids. Hartville Hardware stocks several of the Melissa & Doug toys in our Christmas Shop.  Great gift idea for the kids in your life!, less than 2 hours left to use our one day only 50% off coupon.  print it out and bring it in before 6pm!, 50% off coupon to print, 50% off a single item tomorrow, Saturday Dec 4th only, when you print off the coupon below and present it to the cashier at time of purchase. "Like" this if you plan to use the coupon.  Thank you for your business!, Print this coupon out and bring it in on Saturday, Dec 4th, to receive 50% off a single item! (see coupon for exceptions).  Merry Christmas!, check out our current ad for special buys!, need a vanity for your bathroom remodel?  we have several displays we are selling at a great price; come check them out in the Bath Shop., wishes you and your family a Happy Thanksgiving!, is happy to announce that Shelby Drummond of Hartville won the $1000 shopping spree drawing! Congratulations Shelby!, along with all the special buys on Black Friday the Christmas Shop items will be 30% off!  Great time to get all your Christmas decor for the Holidays!, here is a sneak peek at our Black Friday ad!, ready for Black Friday shopping?  the 1st 500 customers to come in our doors on Friday get 20% off bags!, wants to know what you are thankful for?, last day for our giant tool sale! Men, bring your ladies they can shop our Christmas shop while you check out all the tool demos and specials!  We're open until 6pm tonight., come out and get some free popcorn and enjoy the demos for our giant tool sale today & tomorrow!, come out for our giant tool sale Friday & Saturday!, it all starts today friends..., Check out the progress of our new store, coming in Early 2012:
http://www.hartvillehardware.com/the-new-hartville-hardware, Update for the Giant Tool Sale, here is the link to the page:
http://www.hartvillehardware.com/november-2010-tool-sale

or just download the filer:
http://www.hartvillehardware.com/uploads/46991289514350.pdf, GIANT TOOL SALE NEXT WEEK!, Get ready for our annual Giant Tool Sale coming up this month! Best deals of the year!, Come out for our Christmas Open House today! 95.5 THE FISH will be here from 12-2pm and Santa Clause from 2-4pm!  Plus you can get 30%-100% off your Christmas Shop purchase today only!, Friday & Saturday is our Christmas Shop Open House! 95.5 THE FISH, Santa Clause, and Christopher Pop-In-Kins will be here! You don't want to miss this event!, Thank you to all the wonderful Women who came out to our Ladies Night Event tonight!  We had over 200 guest and we hope you all had as much fun as we did!  Pictures to be posted soon..., Christmas Shop Open House this weekend Nov 5-6th!, Christmas Shop Open House this weekend!, Ladies, today is the final day to sign up for Ladies Night at Hartville Hardware! You could win a free countertop, free paint, Paula Dean cookware, and so much more! You don't want to miss out on this great event going on Tomorrow Nov 2nd from 6-9pm.  Get signed up at Customer Service or call in to purchase over the phone! 330.877.3631!, Ladies Night information:, Ladies...only a couple more days to sign up for Ladies Night at Hartville Hardware!  Stop in today and sign up at Customer Service Register #1 in the front of our store! Can't wait to see ya'll there! It's going to be lots of fun!, Christopher Pop-In-Kins is coming to Hartville Hardware on Friday November 5th from 3-6pm. Bring your kids out for this fun event!, Ladies...get your ticket for Ladies Night which will be held on Tuesday Nov 2nd from 6-9pm.  There are lots of things going on that night just for you! Come out for food, fun, great door prizes(like a free countertop!), and special discounts exclusive to you!  Tickets are $10 each or $8 for group of 4 or more! Plan a special night out with the woman in your life!, Christmas Shop Open House is Nov 5-6th Check on the link for more details! Plan to come out....Santa Clause,Christopher Pop-In-Kins, and The FISH will be here next weekend!, Details for Ladies Night 2010! Sign up today!!!, Ladies, how can you pass up the chance to win a FREE corian countertop?  One week from today at our Ladies Night we are giving away a free countertop plus lots of other great door prizes.  Purchase your ticket today for Nov 2nd 6-9pm at our Customer Service Register.  Can't wait to see you all there!, 1 week only sale on tools!, Ladies, how would you like a new corian countertop in your kitchen?  How about FREE corian countertop?  We are giving away a FREE corian countertop at our Ladies Night on Nov 2nd from 6-9pm.  Get your ticket today at our customer service desk!, Our 20% off Bag Sale Starts Monday Oct 25th!, plan to attend our Christmas Open House Friday Oct 22nd!, Duct Tape is like the force, it has a light side, a dark side and it holds the universe together., When the going gets tough, the tough get duct tape, "One only needs two tools in life: WD-40 to make things go, and duct tape to hold them in place.", Make sure to get your Ladies Night tickets at Customer Service for Nov 2nd from 6p-9p!  You don't want to miss this event ladies!!, Sign up for our Ladies Night planned for Tuesday November 2nd from 6-9pm.  See below for details!  You don't want to miss this ladies!, Hartville Hardware's Ladies Night is November 2nd from 6p-9p.  Purchase your ticket at customer service desk today!, Get your old countertop swapped out for a new countertop in one day! Hartville Hardware as the swap-a-top program available for any kitchen countertop material., We just launched our new website, check it out www.hartvillehardware.com, today is the last day to trade-in your vacuum toward a new special priced vacuum from Dyson, Eureka, Hoover, or Dirt Devil!  We are open til 8m tonight! Come out and take advantage of these never been lower prices!!, Semi-Annual Wallpaper Sale October 1st - October 30th at Hartville Hardware!  25% off in stock wallpaper, 20% off home fashions, 20% off Decorative accessories, and 25-50% off List price on special order wallpaper!  October is the month for you to update your home with wallpaper and decor all at great prices!, get a new vacuum at the lowest prices ever.  Trade in your old vacuum (working or not) toward a new vacuum at a great price.  Sale event going on now through Oct 5th!, Trade in your old vacuum on a new Hoover, Dyson, Eureka, or Dirt Devil Vacuum at prices that will never be lower!! Trade-In Sale going on now through Oct 5th only at Hartville Hardware !, you can get 35% off our display vanity and granite top just for being a facebook friend! Stop in today and talk to a salesperson in our Bath shop!, check out our wall for pictures of display vanity we are selling.  These are marked down 25%, but mention you are a facebook friend and get 35% off!!, Another Custom Maple vanity with Sage Granite top (31x22) + a China undermount sink.  This display is priced at $689.98, but is now 25% off.  But YOU can get it for 35% off if you mention you are a friend on facebook!  Great deal!! Come check it out today!, Are you in the market for a bathroom vanity?  We have a custom-made Maple vanity complete with a Santa Cecila Granite top, and undermount china bowl for a great price!  31x22 This is our display which originally is $769.98, now its 25% off in our store.  But, mention you are a facebook friend and get 35% off!!, Come out today and test one for yourself!, Today is a beautiful day; you should enjoy it by coming out to test rive a John Deere at our Ride & Drive Event!  Mention you are a Facebook friend and receive a free Hartville Hardware hat!, John Deere Ride & Drive Event going on now at Hartville Hardware!, Today & tomorrow come test drive a John Deere tractor, just like Mark Rein, and mention you are a Facebook friend to receive a FREE Hartville Hardware hat!, Mark Rein from the FISH promotes the John Deere Ride & Drive event going on this weekend at Hartville Hardware, This Friday & Saturday come drive a John Deere tractor and mention you are a Facebook friend to receive a free Hartville Hardware hat!, John Deere Ride & Drive sale this weekend!, last day of our huge flooring sale- come take advantage of the lowest prices ever!  We're here until 6pm tonight., can't beat these flooring deals! two days left!, our flooring sale is going on now through Saturday! Stop in to see the great savings!, Our Huge Flooring Sale starts today!!! Prices have never been lower!, our kitchen dept. has a Houzer 18 Gauge Stainless steel sink at a great 
price.  It is a display we are getting rid of.  9" Deep single bowl, 4 
hole faucet drilling 33"Wx22"D included a stainless steel sink strainer 
assembly.  This bowl can only be top mounted.  Regular price is $390.00,
 its yours for $292.49!  Don't pass up this great deal!, Have a great Labor Day weekend everyone!, Labor Day Floor Sale!  Sept 6-11 Prices have never been better!, Join
 our mailing list for e-mail notifications on events, upcoming sales and
 some exclusive deals for e-mail customers.  Simply click the "Join my 
List" link above, what a deal!, Join our mailing list for e-mail notifications on events, upcoming sales and some exclusive deals for e-mail customers.  Simply click the "Join my List" link above, look at all the educational toys for the little ones in your life!  See our Seasonal dept. to check out the selection., Kitchen Display for sale!  Great deal! $1500 includes Birch cabinets, Quartz Countertop, and a corian tile backsplash!  Perfect for an office area in your home! See sales associates in the Kitchen dept. for more information., Flooring Sale 5 days only!! Awesome deals!, Melissa & Doug Educational Toys now offered at the Hartville Hardware!  Come check out a nice selection!, null, these animals are adorable!, check out these adorable fleece piggy banks now in stock!, The DeWalt Truck is here at Hartville Hardware today! Come check out the demos and hand's on tools., the Flannel Nook is up and running at Hartville MarketPlace, go check it out this weekend!, Flannel Nook at the Hartville MarketPlace, Flannel Nook Open today at the Hartville MarketPlace!, is happy to announce that the FLANNEL NOOK Hartville MarketPlace is open as of today!  Check it out!, Gorilla Glue has a new product called Gorilla PVC.  This product rocks because its a one-step self priming cement, odorless, non-flammable, low VOC, and it cleans up with water, eco-friendly!  In stock now., This week only get John Deere X300 Series for up to $250 off + Financing deals are available.  Now is the time to get your new John Deere.  Don't miss out on this great deal!, even toddlers love to shop Hartville Hardware!, Vote for us as Beacon's Best Hardware!  Thanks!!, Dewalt Truck Show next Friday, Aug 27th from 10a-3p!, Quartz is the new Granite!, vote for us as Beacons Best Hardware!  The link is on our fan page!  Thanks!!!, vote for us as Beacons Best Hardware! Click on the link below, then click on hardwares tab and vote for Hartville Hardware!!  Thanks for your support!, Bake sale to benefit Nick Dewalt going on right now at Hartville 
Hardware!  Nick is a Lake graduate who was recently was burned from an gas tank explosion. He has burns over 46% of his body and 
has to get many skin grafts and has lots of recovering time ahead of him
 in the hospital.  Come show your support and get some delicious goodies
 donated by area bakerys, restaurants, and home-made items.  Thank You!!, Tax Free day today!! Come get your total in-stock purchase of $50+ with no sales tax! Can't beat that!, tax free day is tomorrow!, is having a TAX FREE day tomorrow, Saturday Aug 14th!  You pay NO SALES TAX on any total of in-stock purchases $50 and up!  We are open 8a-6p, come shop tax free tomorrow!, this is an awesome product we stock Tibet Almond Stick.  Check it out., OUR OUTDOOR LIVING DEPT. HAS MARKED DOWN 20% OFF ALL IN-STOCK FURNITURE!!, 's Outdoor Living Dept. just got in a new product!  It's a portable wireless outdoor speaker which is compatible with iPod/iPhone or anything else on your computer.  Its range is 150ft through walls/floors/ceilings.  Perfect touch to complete your outdoor living space!  Two styles in stock for only $89.99!  What a great deal! Come check them out!  We have one set up so you can test it for yourself!, 10% off all outside patio furniture!!!, 's Bath Shop has a new solution for your small bathroom!  It's Kohler's Kelston furniture vanity.  A great look for a small space!  This vanity has two drawers for storage.  We stock Lily and saddle finishes., Select Smartstrand Carpets are 20% off this month 
only! Plus basic labor is just $99! Come check out our selection in the 
Flooring Dept., follow us on twitter http://twitter.com/Hartvillehomctr, 50% off all flats and hanging baskets!!, 20% off shrubs and trees., hope everyone had a Happy 4th of July! we are open today until 5pm., will be closing at 5pm on Monday for the Holiday., Select Smartstrand Carpets are 20% off this month only! Plus basic labor is just $99! Come check out our selection and speak with a sales associate in the Flooring Dept., Happy Father's Day to all of our shoppers who are Dads!, Father's Day is tomorrow! Get Dad what he REALLY wants from Hartville Hardware!  15% off all tractor covers and seat covers, Only $99.99 for the Worx cordless string trimmer, sales on John Deere products and lots of tools on sale as well.  Or you could always get Dad a gift card so he can shop for himself!  Today is the last day to shop for Dad, come in and get him something special!, Father's Day is 2 days away! Come see our awesome deals for your Dad!  Get him a Milwaukee 12v drill driver kit for $139.95 or a Makita 18v Lithium Ion LXT Hamer Drill with free 3rd battery now only $348.95!  Or you could get him a Stihl gas blower or trimmer on sale now in our John Deere Dept.  There are so many GREAT deals going on now so you can get Dad what he REALLY wants this Father's Day!, Hartville Hardware just got 100 new beautiful hanging baskets in!  We are 
selling them at 50% off! That's right, 50% off any hanging basket in 
stock!  This can be as little as $8.25 ea. for a beautiful basket! What a GREAT deal!, Father's Day is this Sunday! We have GREAT deals for your Dad. Get Dad a 20" tool box for only $13.99 and fill it with a 4pc plier set for $10.95 and a 15pc screwdriver set for $16.95.  Does your Dad love John Deere? We've got great deals on tractors, accessories, and JD apparel! AM/FM hearing protectors great for mowing the yard, only $45.95! All this and much more! There are too many to list so come check them out!, come get your FUN BANDS here at our store!  Kids of all ages LOVE these things!, has your supply of FUN BANDS...come get them while they last! These are the hottest item on every kids wish list right now!, Rent these blow-up items from Hartville Hardware for your next get-together!, Makita Power tools comes to Hartville Hardware June 8th from 9a-3p.  Hands-on demos and give-aways.  Great deals! , Makita Industrial Power Tools is here!! Come out to see hands-on demos in their truck outside! They'll be here until 3pm., Makita Power Tools will be here TOMORROW! Don't miss out....plan to come out and see hands-on demos and get some awesome giveaways!, Don't forget Makita Power Tools will be here on Tuesday June 8th from 9a-3p with 150 trade tools, the newest engineering products, hands-on demos and great give-aways! dont miss out!, Stanley 75pc tool set regularrly $54.99 is now on sale for only $39.95!!  Also, the 170pc set was $89.99 and is now only $69.95! What a deal! Pick one up for dad this Father's Day!, CLOSEOUT Power tools at 15% off while supplies last.  Get Sawzall, drills, sanders, and jigsaws from Brands like Makita, DeWalt, Bosch, Milwaukee, Metabo, and Skil.  See our tool dept. for the selection. Great for Dad this Fathers Day!, Makita Power Tools is coming to Hartville Hardware Tuesday, June 8th from 9a-3p! Be here for hands-on demos, give-aways, and more!!!, Hey all you facebook fans...come in to our greenhouse and ask Wilma, Teresa, or Carolin for 20% off any hanging basket just for being our fan on facebook!  Also, today is the last day to register for the $1000 shopping spree!!, LAST DAY to get THE BEST PRICES EVER on Hoover, Dyson, Eureka or Dirt Devil Vacuums Hartville Hardware!!  We're open til 6pm tonight!, TWO days left to get the BEST PRICES EVER on our vacuums...don't miss out! Vacuums make great gifts for bridal showers, wedding gifts, or a gift to yourself!, Three days left to get the BEST PRICES EVER on Hoover, Dyson, Eureka or Dirt Devil Vacuums!  Come in for yours today!, this week ONLY get a NEW Hoover Windtunnel for ONLY $86!!! Only 40 vacuums at this price!! What a DEAL!!!, Follow Hartville Hardware on Twitter!, ONE WEEK ONLY SALE! Today thru Saturday get the best price ever on a NEW Hoover, Dyson, Eureka or Dirt Devil Vacuum.  Quantities are limited, one per customer!  PRICES WILL NEVER BE LOWER! Come get YOURS today! See our housewares dept. for more info., 's plumbing dept. got in a new item this week: Mystic Rainwater collection system.  It recycles your rainwaiter by attaching to most downspouts.  Its is environmentally friendly!  Use your collected rain water to water your plants! $16.99 in stock!, Attention Customers: we are happy to announce that Aprilaire Furnace 
Filters are back in stock in Plumbing & Heating Dept!! YES!!, has NO-SPILL Gas Cans in our John Deere Dept.  See Demo below on how this gas can can benefit you!, Makita Industrial Power Tools is coming to Hartville Hardware on 
June 8th 9a-3p! Come out to see the latest engineering, hands-on demos, 
give-aways and more!!  Buy an 18V 1/2" Hammer Driver-Drill Kit and Get a
 FREE 18V Battery Instantly! You gotta be here!, is having a HUGE Clearance Decorative Lighting Sale!  Come in to get 25%-50% off of select Stock while supplied last!!, dont forget your FREE cookbook just for being a facebook fan...pick it up at customer service!, just joined the twitter world! follow us!, It's time to wash your windows and Hartville Hardware has all the supplies you need to get the job done right!  Come in for our Ettore products which are on sale now! See our housewares dept. for help finding the products!, thanks all of our customers for making us one of the top 25 retailers in the country!, wants to thank all of our customers for making us one of the top 25 retailers in the country!, tomorrow is Mother's Day...last chance to come in and get your Mom a hanging basket for 20% off., only a couple more days to get your Mom's hanging basket at 20% off!!, a beautiful Hanging Basket is a great Mother's Day gift; come get your Mom one for 20% off now through Saturday Hartville Hardware!, vote for Hartville Collectibles as best gift shop in our area!, vote for Hartville Kitchen as best Traditional Resturant in our area!, our greenhouse is up and running. Get your flats for $12.99 and your Packs for $1.29.  Plus pick up a beautiful hanging basket for Mom and get 20% off!  Mothers day is this Sunday and your Mom will love our hanging baskets!, Red Double Knockout Roses are only $19.99 today only! come get them!!!, our greenhouse is now open! Come see our great selection of annuals and garden plants!  We also have beautiful hanging baskets, which are a perfect gift for mom this Mother's Day!  Plus don't forget our double knockout roses are only $19.99 this Friday & Saturday only!, this Friday & Saturday only get Red Double  Knockout Roses for $19.99!, got a new blow up baseball game to rent.  It's so much fun, your graduation parties will be such a hit when you rent this from Hartville Hardware! Check out our video demo:, stop by customer service to ask for your FREE cookbook; our free gift to you for being our facebook fan! Thank You!, 's greenhouse will open the last week of April.  Plan to come out to get all you need for your garden!  There will also be beautiful annuals available for your flower beds., is excited that today Yoder's Dairy Delights Icecream opens u for the season!, 's Community Garden is ready for you! If you don't have space to garden at home, you can borrow our land to garden on!  The Community Garden is located directly West of the Hartville Kitchen in Hartville. Call to reserve your FREE plot today! 330.877.3631, 's Community Garden Plots are now available! Call in to reserve your FREE spot today! 330-877-3631, Perinnals & bushes are now in stock at Hartville Hardware come out and see our great selection!, It's time to apply lawn fertilizer with crab grass control on your yard.  Apply by mid-April., is offering our facebook fans a FREE copy of "The Fireside Cookbook" 
just for stopping into our store!  Go to the customer service register 
and ask for your FREE copy to start cooking today!, another beautiful day outside...come in and get your spring garden stuff!, lots of unique pots for your planting  needs this Spring Hartville Hardware!, has lots of pretty things for your home this Spring in our OUTDOOR LIVING department. Come check it out!, its a beautiful day, spring is coming!  Come check out our great selection of spring decor in our OUTDOOR LIVING department!, flying monkeys!, got in more flying monkeys!!! come on out and get them!!, wants to know what you'd like to see in our new store in the future?, got in Glowrite LED neo light up signs We have 4 different sizes available in our hardware dept.  Watch one of our empoyees, Courtney, demonstrate in this video! The words you write change 7 different colors! You can use these for home or business!, got in Glowrite LED neon light up signs! We have 4 different sizes available in our hardware dept.  Watch one of our employees, Katie, demonstrate in this video!  The words you write change 7 different colors or you can set it on just one color...pretty cool!, has a new blow-up basketball hoop to rent for your future parties!  REgularly $75 per day, mention you saw this on facebook and get $25 off a 1 day rental now through the end of March., has a new blow-up basketball hoop to rent for your future parties!  Regularly $75 per day, mention you saw this on facebook and get $25 off a 1 day rental now through the end of March.  Check out one of our employees, Derek, testing it out!, last day for our TOOL SALE....come and check it out!, Come out for our TOOL SALE event Friday & Saturday live demos! Lots of fun!, just got a new shippment of SNOW BLOWERS in...we have 10 left!, is having another big TOOL SALE going on now! Friday & Saturday we will have demos going on all day...stop in and take advantage of the savings and free food! :), who doesnt love some HOTCAKES for breakfast? HOTCAKES FOR HAITI BREAKFAST tomorrow morning! Go to the Kaufman Center on Saturday Morning from 7-10am to get an awesome breakfast, plus help Haiti at the same time!  Donations only, all proceeds to benefit Haiti!, invites you to come in and get your salt & shovels before the next snow dump!  Are you ready!?, Buy One Gallon of Best Look Paint and get one FREE!! Now through Feb. 13th!  Mention promotion at Paint Dept. Counter to get discount!, marked its CLEARANCE SALE down to 70% off!!! Come out for some GREAT deals!!, is selling candy for $1 each at our store....100% of the proceeds go to HELP HAITI!!, invites you to come out to our CLEARANCE SALE where you can find 50% off items from all departments!!!, wants to know what you wish we offered that we don't?, 's CHRISTmas shop items are all 70% off starting today!  Come stock up on great buys for next year!, and and our staff wish you a Happy New Year! We thank each and everyone of our customers for your business in 2009 and look forward to serving you in 2010!!, before you pack up your christmas decorations...come get 50% off some decorations for next year! Our Christmas Shop items are all 50% off!, Come get your flying monkeys and farm animals at Hartville Hardware.  Here is Seth & Gaby, two of our bathshop employees, having some fun with them!, its snowing again...we've got shovels and salt for you here at Hartville Hardware Come on in!!, Hope everyone had a blessed CHRISTmas!  Today is the last day for our 20% off bag sale, come out and save!  Plus the CHRISTmas shop is having 50% off tems for next season!, Merry Christmas Eve! Come get your last minute gifts at Hartville Hardware and have a Blessed Christmas with your families!, There are Flying Barn Animals, the perfect stocking stuffer which you can put in the 20% off bag sale going on now.  Plus our CHRISTmas Shop items are now 50% off! You have to come to Hartville Hardware for your last miniute Christmas shopping!, 50% off CHRISTmas Shop Hartville Hardware!!!, Looking for a good stocking stuffer? We have just the thing: A FLYING MONKEY! We got our 2nd shippment in today! come get them while they last! Only $5.99 each!, First big snow fall! Come in and get your salt & snow shovels Hartville Hardware!, null, 20% BAG SALE BEGINS TODAY!!!! (ends Dec 26th!), Our Flying Monkeys are sold out for now...but we are getting more in next week (along with flying pigs!), We just got in some Flingshot Flying Monkeys! Come get yours today! They are located up front by the registers!!, What is your favorite purchase from Hartville Hardware?, Become a fan of Hartville Kitchen!, Become a fan of Hartville, Ohio, Become a fan of Hartville Market Place!, Become a fan of our sister Hartville Collectables, REMINDER: our countertop sale ends this Friday!, Solid surface countertop sale going on now through Dec 19th! Come see our great selection and our great pricing!, null, Black Friday Hartville Hardware! Customers lined up at the door to be the first 100 customers to get a 5 gal bucket.  20% off anything they buy that fits inside the bucket.  As usual, all 100 buckets were gone by 8am!, Even our competitors shop @ Hartville Hardware because we have more items than they do! (photo given by regular customer), COUNTERTOP SALE GOING ON NOW THROUGH OCTOBER 31st!  Corian starting @ $29 installed!  Granite and Quartz on sale as well! Bring us your measurements for a quote!, May 12th 2009 from 6-9 we had our first ever ladies night at hartville hardware!  There was a light dinner served from 6-630 compliments of Hartville Kitchen.  We had a guest speaker who talked about color trends at 7pm.  51 door prizes were raffled off between 730 and 8pm.  Then after regular store hours the ladies got exclusive shopping from 8-9pm with special discounts!  The night was a success!, null, May 12th 2009 from 6-9 we had our first ever ladies night at hartville hardware!  There was a light dinner served from 6-630 compliments of Hartville Kitchen.  We had a guest speaker who talked about color trends at 7pm.  51 door prizes were raffled off between 730 and 8pm.  Then after regular store hours the ladies got exclusive shopping from 8-9pm with special discounts!  The night was a success!)