List(New Years Eve at Diva | Bollywood Dhaka

Go to http://www.desilifeboston.com for all info, Join us at Hatch Shell in Boston for India Day
http://bit.ly/1WvUq5C, Have you tried our Malai Shrimp Cocktail? Jumbo shrimp marinated in cream and cooked over charcoal in tandoor., World Class Catering from our One World Cuisine group of restaurants. We are just one call away: 617-661-6300., Learn about India's giant and fast growing food industry.
http://www.huffingtonpost.com/gunjan-bagla/feeding-into-indias-flour_b_7771924.html, Our Delicacies:, HAPPY INDEPENDENCE DAY!
http://bit.ly/1T3I4Pu, CHICKEN SAAG: Try our mouthwatering chicken saag! Saag is an Indian curry cooked with spinach or similar greens., HAPPY FATHERS DAY!, When it comes to Party time it always should be this much delicious and variety , Catering  at one of our regular client, Thank you for choosing us.

 Let us plan your next event. Call us at 
617-661-6300, Diva's Special biryani is on the way, Make a reservation and give yourself a chance to try it. You will love it., Check out our website
http://www.divabistro.com/, Special for the day, Paneer chilli, Celebrate Mothers day at Diva Indian Bistro,
Mom eats for free., https://www.crowdrise.com/bostonnepal
Lets help Nepal, Try our delicious Naanwich with Masala Fries, Make your weekend delicious .., Pav Bhaji ( Famous Bombay style potatoes, cauliflower,peas,carrots,tomatoes Served with toasted roll)
 Don't you think this sounds interesting , Come and try it., Chicken Do piaza with roasted onions, green peppers, herbs and spices,  come and try at Diva Indian Bistro., Mouth watering Paneer Tikka ( Home made cheese baked in
 tandoori oven with Indian spices), Are you ready for the feast? Snag your reservation for our special brunch buffet, more than ten dishes to try,, https://www.doordash.com/restaurant/2054/menu/3198/
Hey Neighbors its weekend , get your food delivered order via Doordash,, Call 617-629-4963, and make a reservation today..At Diva Indian Bistro all you will find is cozy environment, excellent service and delicious food., Join for the BAO, https://www.groupon.com/deals/diva-indian-bistro-1-3

Get your Groupon soon, we are almost sold out.. Call Diva at
 617-629-4963 for reservation.., One cannot think well, love well, sleep well, if one has not dined well. Dine with us with our special Chicken Do piazza, chicken with roasted onions, mushrooms, herbs and spices, garnished with coriander., Its snowing  and all you want is Diva's Brunch, what are you waiting for join us for Special Brunch Buffet,,,, Have you tried our Rack of Lamb, if not tonight is the perfect night for this. Call us for reservation and enjoy Diva's  Friday Special Rack of Lamb.
617-629-4963, Too tired  to cook? You can join us for lunch, or you can get a hot meal delivered fresh to your door when you order from Diva on Door Dash!
https://www.doordash.com/restaurant/2054/menu/3198/, In need of some warmth in Davis Square? We’ve got your back with dishes like saag paneer and chicken tikka masala at the lunch buffet! Available until 3:00pm., Nothing warms the soul like a hot bowl of Vegetable Korma! Veggies are sauteed with fresh ginger, garlic, onion, and tomato, garnished with nuts and raisins and cooked in a creamy tomato sauce., Mango Basil Chicken is on special this week - a dish that harkens back to summer with its bright, fresh flavors and crisp bell peppers!, You’re gonna need some fuel for this night full of sports hysteria. Head to our buffet at lunch and fill up your plate with your favorites like chicken pakora!, Oh, how we long for the days of summer when we cater outdoor events and cook on our grill!! Is it too early to start a countdown? :), You’re going to feel ~*~so healthy~*~ after you mow down some Shahi Bindi at the lunch buffet! (Fresh okra is cooked with onions, tomatoes, and Indian spices.), Still snowed in? Too tired from shoveling to cook? You can join us for lunch, or you can get a hot meal delivered fresh to your door when you order from Diva on Foodler!, We may all be living in a snow globe today but a hot bowl of Malai Kofta should help thaw you out!, Diva will be closed today due to Davis Square being a giant snowball. Your regularly scheduled lunch buffet will be back in action tomorrow at 11:30!, Stop by for some light eats at lunch today like Dahi Bhala, a tangy dish of lentil dumplings in a tempered yogurt, date, and tamarind chutney - on special this week!, Today’s buffet is hot, hot, hot! Get your fill of samosas, papadum, saag, Tandoori chicken and MUCH more from 11:30 to 3:00!, We have a feeling you’re going to need something warm and hearty today… so fill up your plate with some Tawa Chole Bhature! The puffed bread is the perfect vessel for delivering spicy chickpeas right into your mouth., Sometimes you just have to stop and admire the beauty around you. This beautiful photo of Somerville is by @topkoda on Instagram., You deserve a decadent meal tonight like Lamb Tikka Masala - cubes of lamb baked in a clay oven and folded into a creamy tomato sauce!, There’s still two more days left to the work week - reason enough for a cocktail! Try our Mango Mojito, made with mango puree, Bacardi Silver, raspberries and mint., It’s a good night to hole up in your favorite bar away from the cold. We know one you might like in Davis Square..., Tandoori Tikka is on special this week! Boneless chicken is marinated in yogurt and freshly ground spices, then cooked on skewers over charcoal until tender!, How can you get unlimited access to the most delicious Indian food around? 

Just come to our daily buffet :), You’ve made it to Saturday, it’s time you had some dessert! Try something different tonight like ras malai, a homemade cheese dish made with condensed milk, pistachios, and rosewater., Don’t have time for a big lunch? Come by for a quick snack like Pani Puri - these bite-sized treats are delicious dipped in cilantro-soy sauce., We’ve got plenty of HOT meals in here to keep you feeling nice and toasty on the walk back to the office… Join us for lunch and get $10 off your meal when you spend $40 or more!

Photo by @eugesaurus., One samosa, two samosa, three samosa, four…

Keep on counting, because you can have as many as you want at our lunch buffet! Available until 3:00pm., Indian….tacos? Yes, those two words go together. See how when you order our Soft Indian Kulcha Tacos, made with your choice of chana masala, tawa chicken or boti lamb!, Chicken Do Piaza is our special of the week! This roasted chicken dish is cooked with onions, tomatoes, bell peppers, scallions, and spices., The Seekh Kebab is among our Tandoori specialties! Finely minced lamb is seasoned with chopped onions, herbs and spices, then baked on skewers in our Tandoor. Can you say #WINNING?, Feel the heat in our spicy chaat, a mix of chickpeas, potatoes, and tomatoes tossed in a tangy sweet-and-sour sauce and seasoned with exotic spices!, A Big Basil made with Russian Standard Vodka USA, fresh lime juice, basil and soda water - refreshing, savory, and a great way to kick off your Friday night!, Mango lassis are super refreshing with their fruity flavor. This churned yogurt drink is available sweet or salted - try the salted next time, we’re sure you’ll love it!, Shrimp is always a good idea, especially when it’s tossed with cucumber in a tangy sweet-and-sour sauce! (Also known as our Jheenga Chat!), You know you’re obsessed with cheese. And you know you want some dessert. Ras Malai will be right up your alley! (Fresh homemade cheese patties cooked in a milk syrup with almonds and nuts.), We know… vacation time is over and you have to be all serious about work. Luckily, you can still get a little respite at lunch and try our new special: Lamb Do Piaza!, Homemade paneer dipped in chickpea batter, and deep-fried to a perfect crisp… it’s Paneer Pakora, and it’s part of your lunch on this fine Sunday ;), Red is the color of passion… that must be why we must feel so strongly about needing Tandoori chicken for dinner tonight! :P, Your New Year’s hangover is scheduled to end at 11:30, when our buffet opens and you can enjoy all the deep-fried samosas and pakoras you need to feel better :), Coming to our NYE party tonight? Here’s the dinner menu… the drinks and dancing come later! We’ll be partying all night long til 2AM. See you there!, REMINDER: DesilifeBoston is throwing an amazing New Year’s Eve party at Diva! Dinner, drinks, DJs and more - RSVP here: http://bit.ly/1z1GPEe

Children are welcome for dinner and dancing, too! Bring the family along for the best Desi NYE party around!, We’re always holdin’ it down for the vegetarians! On special this week is Vegetable Korma, a mix of fresh veggies with a mild and creamy sauce, nuts and raisins!, It’s that time again for mini dosas at the brunch buffet! It’s our favorite part of the week… what’s yours?, You’ve done a lot this week. Sit back, and let us do the heavy lifting tonight! Order delivery and it’s smooth sailing from there :), Our chicken bhuna is still in the holiday spirit, with red and green bell peppers topping this hearty dinner!, Merry Christmas! We are #OpenInBOS and are serving a special holiday dinner menu this evening (see menu here: http://on.fb.me/1CxfVIf. We hope you’ll join us!, We love seeing your buffet plates! What will be on yours today? Share it with us by tagging @divarestaurant on Instagram!

Photo by @tri_sarahtops., Can’t fit a hot Indian meal into a Christmas stocking? Luckily, we have gift cards available :) http://bit.ly/1FIMpPD

We will also be open on Christmas day with a special dinner menu, if you’ll be hanging around Somerville! http://on.fb.me/1CxfVIf, Hope you don’t get cold easily because this week’s special will knock your socks off! We’re serving Chicken Vindaloo, a dish of boneless chicken cooked in a spicy tomato and onion sauce!, So many options at the buffet you don’t know where to begin? Let us help… start off with some papadum! You can top these lentil wafers with any of our fresh veggie toppings and chutneys before you move on to the chicken tikka!, Tender pieces of white meat chicken marinated in yogurt and spices and cooked on skewers in our tandoor … no, this isn’t the beginning of your favorite romance novel, it’s tonight’s dinner, chicken kebab!, What are you doing New Year’s Eve?

Sounds great, now cancel those plans and RSVP to our Bollywood Dhamaka party!

Dinner and dancing start at 9pm, tickets begin at $25. http://bit.ly/1z1GPEe, Be the office hero. Order Indian food for today’s group lunch and get $10 off when you spend $40 or more. Drop off your business card to be entered for a FREE lunch, too!, Why, yes, ALL of this gulab jamun is just sitting here waiting for you to scoop it up during the buffet. Lunch ends at 3pm, don’t miss it!, Happy Holidays from One World Cuisine! We will be open on Christmas Day with this special dinner menu for you and your loved ones. Make reservations today!

(This menu will also be available New Year’s Eve.), We’ve got a great vegetarian special this week! Try Aloo Papri Chaat - spiced potatoes and fried wheat wafers with yogurt and a tangy sweet-and-sour sauce. YUM., Another healthy and delicious vegetarian meal awaits you at the buffet today… a potato and cabbage curry we call Bund Gobhi Aloo!, Chicken vindaloo, lamb do piaza, vegetable korma… plenty of delicious options on this Saturday evening. What’ll you have?, A big plate of fried chicken is probably the best way to end this long, cold, and rainy week! Order up some chicken pakoras with your dinner tonight!, Celebrate New Year’s Eve DESI STYLE! Diva is catering this year’s Bollywood Glitz NYE party in the luxury hotel ballroom of Cambridge’s Marriott Courtyard Hotel!

- Red carpet entrance with paparazzi
- LIVE dhol player
= Top Bhangra and Bollywood hits

Dinner from 7-10pm, dance party til 2AM. RSVP at the link below., Aloo Gobhi will be the healthiest meal you have this week! It’s packed with vitamins and other nutrients, like antioxidants in cauliflower and potassium in the potatoes!, Holidays are about giving, but it’s nice to receive a little, too :) Until January, spend $50 on gift cards at Diva and get a $10 gift card for yourself OR spend $100 and get $20 for yourself! http://bit.ly/1FIMpPD, Planning a date in Davis Square this week? We’ve got a great dinner special for you: Mustard Lamb Chops, served with rice and salad!, Missed breakfast? Not quite ready for lunch? Luckily it’s still brunch time, and you can still get the best of both worlds with our egg curry!, If you’re having Dosa Factory withdrawals, don’t fret! We have mini dosas at our brunch buffet every weekend in Davis Square… the fun starts at 11:30am!, Take off your winter jacket and relax at the bar… where we’re serving Harpoon IPA, Winter Warmer, and all your favorite cocktails :), Mango lassis, naan, rice, chicken tikka masala… is there a better recipe for a Wednesday night? We think not!

Photo by @akiascott., It’s so much easier to shop online than to brave crowds out in the wild (aka, the mall), so we’ve made it just as simple to pick up a gift card to Diva! Visit SwipeIt and order one to be delivered via snail mail or through email. http://bit.ly/1FIMpPD, ON SPECIAL: Paneer Masala - homemade cheese in a creamy tomato sauce!, Finger foods are the best kind of food. Like Chole Bhatura at the buffet - pull apart the puffed fried dough and scoop up the deliciously spiced chickpeas!, We will never get tired of veggie pakora, but sometimes we like to switch it up and enjoy Aloo Pakora - potatoes dipped in chickpea batter and deep-fried!, You’re lazing around on Black Friday, you couldn’t care less about shopping among crazy crowds, you are a rebel… and you’re smart. Because you know you can come to Davis Square and find the best present - a Diva gift card - any time you want!, We wish a very happy Happy Thanksgiving to our neighbors and friends today. If you’re staying in town, join us for some Tandoori turkey!, Spend the evening surrounded by your favorite friends, like your best pals naan and chana masala!

Photo by @courtneyfishwife., Mango lassis… the glue that holds families together… right? ;) We love this photo of @stephmblackburn and her sister enjoying a couple glasses, thanks for coming in!, Tender, delicious lamb chops in a coconut curry sauce… Yes, this is on special this week, and it can all be yours!, We will be open on Thanksgiving with our regular hours! We’ll be happy to host you and your loved ones, and yes, we will have turkey - Tandoori turkey!, When your Saturday begins with samosas, you know all is right in the world - at least until you finish your meal ;)

Photo by @hollywo0d_smile., Flashback Friday - When @monicasobarros came to feast at Diva and shared this photo with us… our mouths are starting to water!, What are you doing out there in the cold when there’s so many warm dishes in here? We’ll take good care of you!

Photo by @eugesaurus., We hope you’re hungry, because the kitchen is putting together a healthy meal for dinner tonight! Don’t forget to take a photo for Instagram, you could win a dinner for two!, Vegetable pakoras are always available at our lunch buffet! Fresh-cut veggies dipped in chickpea batter and deep-fried… why start your meal any other way?, Oh boy, do we have something exciting for you! Vegetable Korma - on special this week, in all its vegetarian glory!, We do love basmati rice, but sometimes we like to take it up a notch with chicken biryani! (Made with veggies, nuts, and spices.), Want something light before you get a move on your Saturday? Dahi Bhala is a great choice, a vegetarian dish of lentil dumplings in a tangy yogurt and date-tamarind chutney!, Ah, it’s finally Friday! You don’t need to do any more work, so get some takeout and let us do the heavy lifting for you :), Nothing takes the edge off a long week like a lychee martini!, Today’s choice for dinner? Chicken Saagwala! We love the spinach and freshly ground spices, with chicken that rounds out this hearty meal!, When we want some comfort food, the classics never fail us! Whether you’re in a midweek slump or just want a delicious Indian meal - chicken curry will do the trick!, ON SPECIAL: Aloo Gobhi - cauliflower and potatoes cooked with tomato, onion, herbs, and spices! Vegetarians, this one’s for you!, Naan… as a sandwich? OH YES, we have naanwiches with your choice of chicken tikka or lamb seekh kebab!, How to make a regular brunch the BEST BRUNCH EVER? First, grab a mini dosa from our dosa station, then walk over to this pot of hot, glorious chicken tikka masala, combine, and ENJOY!, TONIGHT: Get your hands on a plate of Chicken Tikka Kebab! Tender pieces of white meat chicken are marinated in yogurt and spices and then cooked on skewers in our tandoor, all so you can have a delicious dinner!, CHEESE LOVERS - today is your day, because we have paneer pakoras in chickpea batter about to be fried up for you :), TASTE OF INDIA is tonight! Do you have your tickets? http://bit.ly/1sKLdUk

We’ll be serving the best of our cuisine, including Aloo Saag, Aloo Gobhi, Chicken Tikka Masala, and Chicken Curry!, What are you doing tomorrow? We’re hosting the TASTE OF INDIA from 6-9pm, join us for great food and great conversation! Tickets are only $22!

(Shout out to BostInno for sharing the event!), ON SPECIAL: Shahi Paneer Korma - Homemade cheese sautéed with fresh ginger, garlic, onion, tomato, nuts, raisins, and creamy tomato sauce!, Mixed Bhel is a light and healthy option at the buffet! The puffed rice is topped with veggies and a tangy tamarind sauce, which you can mix on the spot to keep the bhel nice and crunchy!, TONIGHT… BHOOTNATH RETURNS!

A mysterious night with Bollywood masks, music from DJ Rohit, a live dhol player and MUCH more. RSVP for the only Desi Halloween party in Boston at desilifeboston.com, Happy Halloween! TONIGHT we have a special menu: Spicy Jack O’Lantern Curry (pumpkin, potato, spices), naan, rice, and pumpkin masala tea for $16!, TASTE OF INDIA is this Wednesday, November 5! 

Join us for a dinner with the United Nations Associations of Greater Boston Young Professionals, featuring an extensive array of regional dishes from Bangalore, Madra, and the shores of Bombay! 

TICKETS: http://bit.ly/1sKLdUk, Want a new vegetarian option at the buffet? YOU GOT IT!

Bund Gobhi Aloo is a delicious cabbage and potato curry for all of our meatless friends out there!, Are you coming to our Halloween party this weekend? Dress in costume, or put on one of our free Bollywood actor masks to dance the night away at Diva! Only $5 to get in for a priceless experience!, Halloween is coming… and Friday night frights will be featured on the menu at Diva!

On October 31, we’ll be serving up a $22 special that includes:
- Vampire Margarita
- Spicy Jack O’ Lantern Curry (pumpkin, potato, Indian spices)
- Naan and rice
- Pumpkin masala tea, Sunday, brunchy Sunday…. you know what that means… MINI DOSAS.

Enjoy our mini dosa station at the brunch buffet today, 11:30 - 3:00!, TONIGHT - The best Diwali party in Boston is happening at Diva!

DJ Rohit and DJ Randeep will be playing Bollywood and Bhangra hits, and we’ll have drink specials and apps all night! RSVP: desilifeboston.com, Fancy a lychee martini? How about a mango mojito? We have a full bar and are happy to mix you your favorite cocktail tonight!, Pani puri shots… music… dancing… oh yes, it’s the BEST Diwali party around! 

Mark your calendars now for 10/25 at Diva and RSVP at www.desilifeboston.com, We’re cooking up something special for you tonight: Lamb Do-Piaza! BBQ lamb roasted with onions, mushrooms, green peppers, herbs and spices… Is your mouth watering? Ours is!, Wishing you and yours a very happy Diwali from One World Indian Catering! Now let's celebrate the festival of lights with our favorite sweets!, Have you entered our Instagram contest? You can win a DINNER FOR TWO: 

Upload a photo at Diva to Instagram, tag + follow @divarestaurant, and you’ll be entered to win!, Happy Monday, it’s time for a SPECIAL: Chicken bhuna - boneless chicken with sliced onion, tomato, spices and bell peppers, garnished with fresh coriander.

Don’t forget to take a photo at dinner tonight and enter to win a meal for two!, In the mood for some fries? You gotta try our Indian version, Aloo Pakora - deep-fried potato patties in chickpea-flour batter!, The buffet is nice and busy today, better get here before it’s all gone :) We have chicken tikka, papadum, pakoras, kheer and more!, The BEST Diwali Party around is coming to Diva on October 25!

Bollywood and bhangra hits, live dhol, and PANI PURI VODKA SHOTS! RSVP at desilifeboston.com, HEADS UP DAVIS SQUARE!

WIN a dinner for two with our new Instagram contest! Take a photo the next time you dine at Diva, share it on Instagram and you’ll be entered into the giveaway!, What’s that, you say? You want vegan options in Davis Square?

Our menu has a variety of great dishes for you, from simple mixed vegetables to tofu saag and rajmah masala! See our menu here: http://bit.ly/1DalLzI, Now that you are back to work after a three-day weekend… it’s time to get the hell outta there. Run here at 5:00 for our new special this week, Daal Makhni - lentils sauteed in butter with fresh herbs and spices, garnished with fresh coriander!, Basmati rice is a staple at an Indian meal! We like to pour butter chicken on top for a hearty dinner :) Join us tonight, we’re #OpenInBOS!, Vegetarians - we’ve got plenty of great meals for you! Have you tried Baingan do Aloo?

Eggplant is twice-cooked and tossed with potatoes, cilantro, and scallions, all to make a tasty meal for your dinner tonight :), If you haven’t been to our buffet, we’ll have you know the weekend is the best time to go! Lots of extras at the brunch buffet, like our mini dosa station!, Love chole bhatura? We have a mini version at the buffet today! Grab some puffed fried bread and scoop up a mix of spicy chickpeas right into your mouth :), Wow, look at that! A delicious buffet waiting for your arrival… complete with baskets of fresh-baked naan!, At the buffet, make your own recipes! Try filling up your plate with bhel or pani poori, topping with some veggies from the salad bar, and drizzling with one of the many sauces we have on hand like tamarind or cilantro-soy!, The buffet is filled with so many great dishes today! Go for the spicy chaat, we promise you’ll love it :), Shahi Bindi - Fresh okra cooked with onions, tomatoes and Indian spices, on special this week!!, The best part about Sunday brunch buffet? GARLIC NAAN!, The weekend is here and it’s time for some relaxation, so round up your friends for a dinner at Diva and enjoy some Lychee Martinis!, Fiery red and cooked in our tandoor oven, our favorite dish, Tandoori chicken, will always be available when you come to Diva!, Did you know you can get a great deal on a dinner at Diva with Groupon? 

- For you and a date: one appetizer, one naan and two entrees: $27
- For you and your friends: two appetizers, two orders of naan and four entrees: $50

Get it here: http://gr.pn/1sserZT, Ours is one of the most vegetarian-friendly cuisines in the world! 

Choose Indian for World Vegetarian Day, and try some of our great veggie-based dishes when you dine with us this evening!, Got a student ID? Then you’ve got a FREE mango lassi!

Today’s the last day to get it, so come by soon!, Never had an Indian taco before? 

Get excited because Soft Indian “Kulcha Tacos” are our special of the week! Made with your choice of channa masala, tawa chicken or boti lamb., Don’t forget your vegetables at the buffet today! Make a little salad, or top off some papadum with fresh lettuce, tomatoes, and cucumber!, Before you dive in to a plate of lamb chops or chicken kebab, enjoy a nice, light appetizer like Aloo Papri Chaat! (Spiced potatoes, fried wheat wafers and a yogurt/sweet and sour sauce.), Try something different tonight! We suggest Shahi Navratan Korma, a vegetarian dish with nine fresh garden vegetables sautéed with ginger, garlic and onion in a creamy tomato sauce!, Naan is the best side to every meal! Scoop up some saag paneer, dip it in masala sauce, eat it plain - whatever you do, it’ll be delicious!, Right about now we’re craving some Chicken Do-Piaza - fresh, boneless chicken pan-roasted with onions, tomatoes, bell peppers, scallions and spices. Gotta go, mouth is watering!, Students: Did you know you can get a FREE mango lassi with your student ID? 

Come in tonight and have one with your dinner! It'll feel like summer all over again :), ON SPECIAL: Butter Chicken, cooked in makhni gravy on the bone. We’re serving this dish nice and hot at dinner tonight… come and get it!, Toast to the final night of a great weekend with a Mango Mojito! A delicious cocktail made with mango puree, Bacardi Silver, raspberries and mint!, The End of Summer Bash is TONIGHT. Top 40/Bhangra/Bollywood music all night long plus a SURPRISE performer!

RSVP for free entry to the best Desi dance party around!, Our appetizer pick for tonight is Pani Poori! This is a great snack before the big meal that you can dip in some spicy cilantro-soy sauce… YUM., Want us to cater your next event? Here’s a little sample of what we can bring to you - our Teekha Chicken (cooked in a thick gravy of exotic spices and herbs)! 

Email pooja@oneworldcuisine.com with catering inquiries., What are you doing September 20? Coming to Davis Square for the best Desi party around? OKAY!

RSVP to get in FREE for Bollywood/Bhangra/Top 40 Mashups, a surprise performer and much more for our End of Summer Bash! http://on.fb.me/1qxDAop, THIS WEEK’S SPECIAL: Tandoori Rack of Lamb - Lamb chops marinated in yogurt and spices, barbecued to perfection in our Tandoori oven and served with mango chutney!, We have all the Indian staples available daily... but are there any other dishes you'd like see at our lunch buffet?

Let us know your favorites and we'll try to put them out for you :), Summer days driftin’ away… with a Big Basil in your hand and a smile on your face!, Looking for a light way to start off your meal? Try a bowl of Dahi Bhala - a vegetarian dish of lentil dumplings in a tangy yogurt and date-tamarind chutney!, We love saag paneer, but we want vegans to enjoy some greens too! Today we’re offering chana saag (with chickpeas instead of cheese) at our buffet. Please enjoy from 11:30 to 3:00!, Heading to the buffet? Our pick for the day is Mutter Paneer, fresh green peas cooked with homemade cheese, herbs, and light spices. Available 11:30 to 3:00!, After all you eat at the buffet today, don’t forget to save room for dessert! We always have gulab jamun soaking in rose water syrup and waiting for you at the end of your meal :), Another great Desi party is coming to Diva on September 20, and everyone on the guest list gets in FREE! 

RSVP to enjoy Bollywood/Bhangra/Top 40 Mashups, a SURPRISE performer and much more for our End of Summer Bash! http://on.fb.me/1qxDAop, ON SPECIAL: Methi Chicken (chicken cooked with fresh fenugreek leaves and Indian spices)!

Available at lunch and dinner this week only!, Welcome #Back2Boston students! Through September, show us your student ID and get a free mango lassi!, ., Picture this… you, a basket of naan, and ALL the samosas you can possibly eat.

It’s happening at our brunch buffet now!, At our buffet today, give papadum a try! You can top these lentil wafers with any of our fresh veggie toppings and chutneys to start off your meal., Mango lassis are better with friends, so gather your best buds and come hang on the patio while you soak in the last bits of summer!

Photo by http://instagram.com/aestheticawakening, What are you craving at the lunch buffet today? We can’t decide between mutter paneer and chana saag… luckily we don’t have to! Let’s have it all 11:30 til 3:00!, Yes, we DID just make all of this hot, fresh Tandoori chicken just for you! Would you like some garlic naan with that? ;), In 15 minutes, you have unlimited access to the most delicious Indian food around… so pile up your plates, grab some fresh mango juice and get your fuel for the rest of Sunday Funday!, We know you stayed up 'til the wee hours. If you’re gonna wake up before noon on a Saturday, you might as well make it worth it. Brunch buffet starts NOW!, You’ve already had all the Indian classics like chicken tikka and saag paneer, so try something new to you on our menu like Seekh Kebab. This Tandoori specialty is made with finely minced lamb then baked on skewers in our Tandoor!, You’ve made it this far through the week, it’s time you had some dessert! Try something different tonight and go for rasmalai, a fresh homemade cheese dish made with condensed milk, pistachios and rosewater., Pop a few pakoras in your mouth during today’s lunch buffet! The deep-fried veggies are a great vegetarian snack covered in a tasty chickpea batter. 

TIP: They’re even better dipped in masala sauce :), We're on Groupon this week!

Spend $27 for an Indian meal for two ($67 value), or $50 for an Indian meal for four ($134 value). Each pair of diners enjoys one appetizer, one order of naan and two entrees. Great idea for a date night or a girls' night out!
, Be the office hero this week and choose Diva to cater your next meeting! You can order at Grubhub (http://bit.ly/1pxDlJo) or give us a call at (617) 629-4963., Sunday Funday is here... if you're out and about in Davis Square today, come enjoy a Lychee Martini with us! (Svedka Citron, lychee puree, fresh lime juice.), BOLLYWOOD NIGHT TONIGHT!

We're celebrating Indian Independence Day with a dance party with DJ Randeep.

Ladies are FREE with RSVP: http://bit.ly/1qdrqw8, India Independence Day theme| Bollywood Night!
August 23rd - Sponsored by Clearette E - http://www.desilifeboston.com/, The best thing about samosas is that you can get them ALL DAY at Diva! Stack 'em up on your buffet plate or enjoy a side when you come for dinner - either way, it's going to be delicious!, In the mood for curry? Well, well well... you've come to the right place! We've got shrimp, swordfish, lamb, beef, chicken, coconut lamb chop curry and much more on the menu tonight!

Photo by http://instagram.com/sban91, A little bubbly on a Tuesday never hurt anyone :)

Photo by @keepitbassic, Indian Independence Day is over, but we’re keeping the celebration going this weekend with a DANCE PARTY! 

Join us on the 23rd for a Bollywood night with DJ Randeep

Ladies are FREE with RSVP: http://bit.ly/1qdrqw8, Begin your day at the brunch buffet, where you can fuel up for your fun-filled afternoon in Davis Square!, How 'bout a lychee martini tonight? Or maybe you'd like a mango mojito, or our Big Basil cocktail... we've got a fully stocked bar ready to take you away this Friday night!, Friday lunch never looked so delicious! Grab your coworkers and head to our buffet for an Indian feast, available til 3pm., What are you craving for lunch today?

We’re thinking of Malai Kofta, one of our most popular vegetarian dishes made with vegetable balls, fresh herbs and spices cooked in a creamy nut sauce!, One World Indian Catering is proud to sponsor IAGB India Day this Sunday, August 17! We'll be serving food from Diva and our sister restaurants from 4 to 8PM and to celebrate, we're offering this coupon for $10 off your meal of $40 or more at any One World Cuisine location!, New to Indian food?

Try one of our most popular dishes, Chicken Tikka Masala, made with boneless, white-meat chicken cooked Tandoori style, served with a rich tomato cream sauce! Let us know what you think :), Our favorite dish at today's buffet is Shahi Navratan Korma, a vegetarian choice with nine fresh garden vegetables sautéed with ginger, garlic and onion in a creamy tomato sauce!, Nothing like some good old fried food to end the weekend. Try our vegetarian platter, with samosas, pakoras and paneer!, Don't forget to make mom proud and pile on the veggies after you fill your buffet plate today :), DATE NIGHT!

Enjoy a couple cocktails with your special someone this evening, like our Ginger Mojito or a Moscow Mule!, You want tacos? You got it!

Try our Soft Indian “Kulcha Tacos” with your choice of channa masala, tawa chicken or boti lamb., Good morning Davis Square! We hope you're hungry today because we have a big buffet ready to go at 11:30. Nothing like being able to eat all the chicken tikka you possibly can before noon!, Don't forget to finish your lunch off with some dessert today! Gulab jamun is our favorite choice, fried dough balls soaked in rose water syrup. Mmmmm..., We have vegan dishes every day at our lunch buffet. Go for baingan do aloo, twice cooked eggplant tossed with potatoes, cilantro and scallions!, Heading to our brunch buffet? Pour yourself some fresh-squeezed orange juice and fill up a bowl with aloo chole - whole chickpeas and potato balls cooked with onions, tomatoes and spices!, TONIGHT:

Try a delicious mango mojito with your dinner, made with mango puree, Bacardi Silver, raspberries and mint!, The last thing you want on a hot day is even hotter food! We have plenty of cold apps available to help keep you cool during lunch, like Dahi Bhala - deep-fried lentil dumplings served with yogurt and date-tamarind chutney!, Add some pani poori to your buffet plate today! These deep-fried puffs are a popular Indian street snack and make a great side dish!, Tonight, get a free appetizer at Diva when you order an entree (get offer here: http://on.fb.me/1qINAwK)

Not sure what to get for dinner? Go for chicken do-piaza, made with peppers, onions, tomatoes and Indian spices!, Get a FREE appetizer with your entree at Diva., Get yourself a big bowl of Saag Paneer today at our lunch buffet!, Our choice at the brunch buffet today? Chicken Tikka (with a glass of fresh-squeezed orange juice, of course)!, Pakoras, fresh-cut vegetables deep-fried in chickpea batter, are one of the many vegetarian options we have available at our buffet today!

We'll be serving until 3pm, come on down to fill your plate up!, null, Did you know we have a buffet every day until 3pm?

Chicken patties, baingan do aloo, pakoras, samosas and more. Lunch is served!, Craving Indian food... AND craving sandwiches... why choose? Get the Naan-wich!, "We learned in 3rd grade art that clay has a distinctive flavor. Taste the difference a tandoor makes!"

We're on Groupon this week!
- $27 for a meal for two
- $50 for a meal for four, Mid-week rack of lamb for dinner? Sounds good to us!, Now this looks like a pretty good start to a delicious meal!

Want to take it to-go? Don't forget, you can get $10 off your takeout/delivery order of $40 or more through the end of the month!

Photo by Sarah C., We had a great time grilling at Somerville ArtBeat yesterday! Thanks to everyone who stopped by, it was so great to see all of you :), We're at Somerville Arts Council ArtBeat today! Come visit us for some tasty Indian treats to fuel you through your exciting day :), We're hosting Bollywood Night by Desilife Events tomorrow night:

Multiple DJs will be playing Bollywood, Bhangra, Top 40 & Desi mashups and today's top hip hop mixes. Make sure to have your dancing shoes on for the hottest Desi party of the year!

LADIES FREE BEFORE 11PM. Tickets at desilifeboston.com, Have you tried any of our skewered meats? Baked in our Tandoori oven, we've got chicken, lamb and even shrimp waiting to be devoured :), Mango lassis are for lunch, Taj Mahals are what's for dinner!, Looking for some light eats tonight? Try Aloo Papri Chaat, a cold dish made with spiced potatoes, fried wheat wafers and a yogurt/sweet and sour sauce!, Forego the garlic naan, get out of your comfort zone and go for the basil poppy seed naan! We hear it goes great with a Big Basil cocktail :), Have you heard about our takeout promotion? Whether you pick up or get it delivered, all of this food could be in your belly while you sit at home on the couch tonight, nice and relaxed!

Get $10 off your $40+ takeout/delivery order here: http://on.fb.me/1kQFd9X, Bollywood Night is coming to Diva!

Mark your calendars for July 19th, we'll be hosting the best Desi party of the summer! Visit desilifeboston.com for tickets., Butter chicken, or murgh makhani, is a classic Indian dish. The chicken is cooked in makhini gravy on the bone and arrives to your table deliciously tender!, Don't let the heat slow you down. Cool off with a fresh mango lassi to help fuel the rest of your day, and remember, it's almost Friday!, Get $10 off your order of $40 or more. Takeout and delivery only., You've made it halfway through the week! Treat yourself to a good lunch. Our buffet runs 'til 3!, DIVA DELIVERS! Just in time for lunch :)

This coupon will get you $10 off your delivery order of $40 or more! Call us at (617) 629-4963 and mention this coupon to redeem your promotion., Need a good Meatless Monday dinner? Malai Kofta is one of our favorite vegetarian dishes, with vegetable balls, fresh herbs and spices cooked in a creamy nut sauce!, What will your brunch look like today? Make your own dish at our all-you-can-eat buffet until 3:00!

Photos by Harold T., Summertime is the perfect time for a plate of Tandoori Mixed Vegetables. Head down to Davis Square for some fresh cauliflower, tomatoes, onions, summer squash, green peppers, mushrooms, broccoli and zucchini marinated and barbecued in our Tandoor oven!

Photo by Sara S., Happy Independence Day from One World Cuisine!

Get a FREE mango lassi with any order today at Diva :), We'll be at the Hatch Memorial Shell starting at 5:00! Grab something to eat before you settle in to watch the Boston Pops and fireworks!, Wet lunch today? Try our Big Basil cocktail,  made with Russian Standard Vodka USA, fresh lime juice, basil and soda water!, Don't ever say we don't give you options!

Enjoy our lunch buffet until 3pm, where you can customize your favorite dishes with exotic spices and delicious sauces!, It's a good day for a lamb kebab (but then again, isn't it always?)

Finely minced lamb is seasoned with chopped onions, herbs and spices, then baked on skewers in our Tandoor. Served with rice, greens and masala sauce., In case you felt like cooling off at lunch..., Get your samosa fix at Diva today! And remember, get $10 off any purchase of $40 or more!, Pick your poison… our bartenders are happy to make you a delicious cocktail to ease into your Saturday night!, Celebrate the start of the weekend with a lychee martini!

Svedka Vodka Citron, lychee puree and fresh lime juice - a refreshing way to kick off a summer Friday., Hungry? This could be at your door just in time for the #USAvsGER World Cup game.

Get $10 OFF your takeout order of $40 or more - just mention this Facebook post when you call (617) 629-4963!, Want to learn more about Diva's story? Our owners Pavan and Jaads Pabla visited Jeffrey Davis at Radio Entrepreneurs to talk about our approach to Indian cuisine!, Forget the cronut, we've got the NAANWICH!

This unique creation features a naan rollup filled with your choice of chicken tikka or lamb seekh kebab for only $8!, It's about that time to enjoy a frosty Taj Mahal while sitting by the window and enjoying the views of Davis Square!

Photo by http://instagram.com/sierramargaret, Brunch buffet tables are stocked and ready to go... all that's missing is YOU!, Enjoy the flavors of our Tandoori Rack of Lamb tonight at Diva! 

Our lamb chops are marinated in yogurt and spices, then barbecued to perfection in our Tandoori oven. Served with mango chutney, this dish might be the perfect ending to a long week!, Let Diva cater your next event! Whether you need us for a birthday party, wedding or corporate event, we offer live cooking stations, chaat tables, and mobile tandoor ovens for marinated meats and fresh-baked naan.

Visit our website to begin planning: http://www.divabistro.com/#!catering/cini, Drop your business card off at Diva when you come in and you will be entered to win a free lunch!, Get ready for the next World Cup game tonight with FREE delivery from Diva! 

You don’t even have to leave the couch (okay, maybe just to answer the door), we’ll come to you! 

Order now: 617-629-4963, Today’s a good day for a Big Basil, made with Russian Standard Vodka USA, fresh lime juice, basil and soda water, it’s a simple and refreshing cocktail!, Join us for a Father’s Day brunch! Bring the family down to Davis Square and Dad can get a FREE entree, a gift from all of us at Diva :), Happy Father's Day from One World Cuisine!

Dads get an entree FREE tomorrow when you bring in this coupon :)

Call us for reservations: (617) 629-4963, We’re at the Boston Dragon Boat Festival this weekend serving up your favorite Indian dishes. Find us on the Charles near the Weeks Bridge and say hello!, Diva is proud to be a part of the Dance for World Community Festival 2014 going on today through Sunday! Hosted by the José Mateo Ballet Theatre, the event uses the power of dance to improve the social and environmental health of our communities locally and beyond.

For event info, visit http://www.danceforworldcommunity.org/festival-events, We're participating in Taste of Somerville today at 5:30, serving, Pav Bhaji, Vegetable Samosas and Chicken Tikka.

Come visit us and say hello!
Tickets are still available at www.tasteofsomerville.com, We have a serious garlic naan addiction, but sometimes we like to switch it up with some basil poppy seed naan… a fine companion to a bowl of chaat!, The Seekh Kebab is among our Tandoori specialties! Finely minced lamb is seasoned with chopped onions, herbs and spices, then baked on skewers in our Tandoor. Served with rice, greens and masala sauce., The best way to start off Sunday brunch at Diva? 

With a fruity mango lassi!, A light and savory dish with just a hint of sweetness, our Aloo Papri Chaat is made with spiced potatoes and fried wheat wafers tossed in yogurt and sweet and sour sauce… the perfect lunch for a hot spring day!, Let Ayush start your night off with a refreshing Lychee Bliss martini, made with Svedka Vodka Citron, lychee puree and fresh lime juice!, At our lunch buffet, you get to be your own chef! Use the variety of spices, sauces and more that we have available to customize your meal., Is there anything more refreshing than a tall glass of mango lassi? We think not!

Photo by http://instagram.com/kokojuce, It’s patio time!

Dine al fresco with us tonight and don’t forget to leave room for dessert… rasmalai has fresh, homemade cheese patties cooked in condensed milk with pistachios and rosewater. YUM., This is just one of the many delicious options we have during our lunch buffet...

Get here before it’s all gone - the buffet ends at 3:00!

Photo by John J., Don’t let Monday get you down. Feel better with some Indian comfort food like our paneer (fresh cheese) plate!, Have you checked out the #vegan selection on our menu? 

It includes mushroom samosas, filled with cumin-spiced mushrooms and ginger!

Photo by http://instagram.com/bethanylarossa, Happy Saturday! Did you know we have a full bar here at Diva?

Let us make your favorite drink to enjoy with your dinner tonight :), What's your favorite type of curry?

Ours is our goat curry, cubes of goat cooked in a thick gravy of exotic spices and herbs!

First person to respond with their favorite gets a free samosa appetizer at dinner!, GIVEAWAY: Be the first person to comment on this post and get a free pakora appetizer with your dinner at Diva!

Go for the chicken pakora - boneless, tender white meat deep fried in chickpea batter :), "Pouring rain... but no worries, we have curry."

- http://instagram.com/kimieye, If you’re looking for some lighter dinner fare, we have a selection of chaat and salad dishes that’ll fill you up without weighing you down! 

Our Aloo Papri Chaat is made with spiced potatoes, fried wheat wafers, yogurt and sweet-and-sour sauce., Thank you FotoDish for this beautiful photo of our Goat Curry!

This dish is made with cubes of goat cooked in thick gravy of exotic spices and herbs. Come try it out at lunch!, Got the day off? We’re serving BRUNCH today! Our usual weekend buffet is extended for one more day, come join us til 3!, Father’s Day is just around the corner! 

A day at Diva is the perfect gift. We have certificates available to give whether they’re from a son, daughter, or puppy :)

Photo by http://instagram.com/crazyjules, Got something to celebrate this weekend? We have plenty of desserts for you to enjoy on your special day!

Photo by instagram.com/keepitbassic, Let’s toast to the weekend with a glass of bubbly! #Cheers!

Photo by http://instagram.com/keepitbassic, Want another great #vegetarian lunch option? 

Our dal makhani is a hearty meal perfect for this cool spring day, with lentils sautéed in butter and garnished with fresh coriander!, Our Diva Vegetarian Thali is a traditional #vegetarian Indian meal served in a Thali plate, with vegetable soup, samosas, choice of two vegetarian entrees, raita, rice, poori, dessert and tea or coffee. 

Yeah, we’ve got your lunch covered!, Is your sweet tooth aching for dessert? We’ve got just what you need.

Our menu has a variety of Indian sweets, from gulab jamun and rasmalai to kheer, mango ice cream and more!, Chicken vindaloo is a favorite dish in Indian cuisine. Ours features boneless chicken cooked with potatoes and a delicious, tangy sauce!

What’s your favorite dish?, We’re committed to healthy and diverse menu selections, which you can find with our many #vegan dishes like baingan do aloo! This dish has twice-cooked eggplant tossed with potatoes, cilantro and scallions.

Photo by Fotodish, We can hear your stomach rumbling all the way over here! 

Put those hunger pangs to bed with our brunch buffet, filled with all your favorites dishes in Indian cuisine, plus fresh-squeezed juices to start your weekend off right!

Photo by http://instagram.com/jasminesoomin, Looking for a caterer for your graduation party? Diva has it all, including live cooking stations, mobile tandoor ovens for marinated meats and fresh-baked naan breads, chaat stations and much more!

Contact us today for more information! http://bit.ly/1gOsWkD, Out and about in #DavisSquare tonight? 

Stop by and grab a pint of Taj Mahal with a bite to eat on the patio!

Photo by http://instagram.com/thomascaywood, We love this great photo taken by Christie L. of our Vegetable Samosas (spicy turnovers stuffed with potatoes and green peas). Thanks for sharing on Yelp!

You can get this tasty snack and MUCH more at our lunch buffet today! Available until 3:00pm., Is that your stomach rumbling? Don’t waste another minute, get down to Diva for our lunch buffet! 

All your Indian cuisine favorites like samosas, dosas and chicken vindaloo are waiting for you until 3pm., Four classic Indian restaurants for Valentine's Day.

http://monsoonagency.com/ONE-WORLD-CUISINE/e-card/Valentine-Day.html, Almost the weekend - time to come to your favorite Indian Restaurant to Eat & Relax ;), Delicious Rack-of-lamb at Diva Indian Bistro

Come in and try some :), Come in and enjoy some lunch today at Diva Indian Bistro 

Happy Wednesday! :) - Dont worry its almost friday :P, Fresh baked Naan Bread

Come in and try the best in Boston ;), 1,000+ likes for Diva Indian Bistro

thank you for everyones support! :), Come in to Diva to get a Gift Card for your loved ones :), One Cup for a Cold Afternoon :), Happy thanksgiving! :), Diva at The 'Oktober' Festival

Come visit us!, Spicy chicken tikka masala! 

Mmmm!

:), Lunch time soon

Diva's full buffet will definitely hit the spot!, Who's Hungry?, Good morning everyone!

:), Warm Masala Tea on a chilly night!, Who's coming in for dinner tonight?

Spicy Beef Jalapeño Vindaloo
(Chunks of beef in a spicy rich curry sauce)

&

Fresh baked Naan Bread, Come in for Dinner Tonight and Try

Tandoori Duck Masala
With Rice or Your choice of Tandoori Naan Bread

and Sip a Sweet Mango Mimosa, Come try the famous World Famous Samosa with our Home-Style Tamarind-Date Chutney :), null, null, Ladies & Gents, Looking to add some Spice to your Valentines? Check out our Sister restaurant Diva Indian Bistro's Valentines Menu, Have  dinner then stay for drinks., What are your plans for this weekend?, Come on by and enjoy a cocktail and some bite sized small plates!, Samosa Mondays!, Starts Next week be sure to stop by. $1 Samosas All day, Who will win the Super Bowl this Sunday? Join us this Sunday for $6 Nachos, $1 Samosa's, and Masala Wings & Our try our new Cocktail List!, Come by and watch the big game! and sip on your favorite Martini, Pictures from New Years Are Up, TAG yourselves!, New Years Event @ Diva, null, come by and try out the all new BUDDHA BOWL OR MUMBAI PUNCH,  large bowls filled with tropical juices and spirits, sharing is caring!, Hope everyone is enjoying the weather! Cool down with a Mango Mulba Sundae today!, How is everyone doing this evening? Make sure you all drive safely during this gloomy weather!, DIVA LOUNGE
If you have a loyalty code, Mom gets a free entree for dinner on Mother's day! If you don't have your loyalty code yet, get one here: http://oneworldcuisine.capturecode.com/, Mom gets a free entree on mothers day when you bring your loyalty barcode!, Quotes Mondays: "An ounce of practice is worth more than tons of preaching." ~ Gandhi, Do your part - enjoy Voss water at all of our locations and donate to help those in need!, null, null, Great match up!, Quote Mondays: "But when the time comes that a man has had his dinner, then the true man comes to the surface." ~ Mark Twain, Half price tapas are back! Sunday through Thursday 4-7pm, Fantastic cocktails and some Indian-inspired tapas... perfect way to unwind after work., Quote Mondays: Weather is a great metaphor for life - sometimes it's good, sometimes it's bad, and there's nothing much you can do about it but carry an umbrella.  ~Terri Guillemets, Dosa Factory offers incredible Indian street food in Central Square, check 'em out if you guys are in the mood for a filling Dosa for lunch.

Not sure what a 'Dosa' is? Check out this "how-to" video: http://ow.ly/4cDng, @KashmirRestaurant, one of our sister properties just re-opened. Check out Gilt City's 50% coupon for Kashmir now! http://ow.ly/4c75Y, If you love Indian food check out our sister restaurant, Cafe of India in Harvard Square www.facebook.com/cafeofindia, Quote Mondays: The belly rules the mind.  ~Spanish Proverb, Our sister restaurants have been nominated for best Indian restaurant by the Boston Phoenix! Vote for us here http://cot.ag/fNjj63, Do you love Tandoori Chicken? Learn how we make it on our blog http://cot.ag/hOadEJ, We love this weather! Maybe we can do al fresco dining soon., FREE $10 gift certificate for everyone that joins our loyalty club http://cot.ag/bmJi0k, We're offering a special Valentine's Aphrodisiac Menu TONIGHT ONLY check it out. http://cot.ag/hBP3s3, ISHQ Bollywood Valentine's Party http://cot.ag/g2KqFb, Quote Mondays: Begin to be now what you will be hereafter. -William James, Get a sneak peek at our Valentine's Menu http://cot.ag/fMNn8F, You're all in for a treat this Valentines Day!, Always a step ahead, bringing you mobile deals! http://cot.ag/hbVzDf, Check out the One World Cuisine Blog for news, updates and DEALS...(hint hint) http://cot.ag/hOadEJ, Quote Mondays: "Common sense in an uncommon degree is what the world calls wisdom." -Samuel Taylor Coleridge, Welcome to Boston MA, where it snows every other day...and we have really good Indian food also:), Coming soon! Diva Loung Igloo!... Just kidding but if this arctic weather keeps up we just might do it., Check out our special weekend lunch buffet! All your favorite traditional Indian dishes, plus some extra special goodies!, check out our blog at http://oneworldcuisine.wordpress.com/, Get $10 worth of FREE food and drinks when you sign up to our loyalty club here http://cot.ag/dWaoiF, Thank you to those who celebrated the New Year with us! Lets make it a good one., New Years eve is tomorrow! Last minute tickets are still available! Use promo code "FBOOK" for 20% OFF http://divanewyears.eventbrite.com/, New Years Eve is going to be CRAZY! DJ Ashanti from NYC will be spinning Bhangra, Desi and Hindi Music all night! Tickets are going fast! Get them here while you still can. http://divanewyears.eventbrite.com, So Adrien Gonzalez is finally a member of the Red Sox! What are your thoughts?, Hope everyone had a great weekend! Remember today is our Buy One Entree, Get One Free promotion today from 5-8 p.m. Why do Monday's have to be so bad, try doing something today that makes it good. Maybe take a risk, help someone out, anything out of the ordinary could change your day.

“There came a time when the risk to remain tight in the bud was more painful than the risk it took to blossom.”
  -   Anais Nin, How about that Celtics game last night in Cleveland! How many points do you think Lebron will score tomorrow night when Miami travels to Cleveland?, Back to work...here's something to think about to start off your week

"Success is the sum of small efforts, repeated day in and day out."
- Robert Collier, "Always do what you are afraid to do"
- Ralph Waldo Emerson, Looks like its going to be HOT Saturday, 54 degrees! Anyone have fun plans for the weekend?, Hey Bruins fans, excited for tonight's game against the Rangers? Just so you know Sean Avery, we haven't forgotten about ya. Go B's, Its monday, time for a little inspiration, "Life is too short to waste. Dreams are fulfilled only through action, not through endless planning to take action."
- David J. Schwartz, Cold, wet, and hungry? Somehow, Indian food is the best when the weather is the worst., Still haven't figured out a Halloween costume?, Half Price Tapas everday 3-7pm at Diva Lounge!, We love Tufts! Weekdays $7 lunch buffet for all Tufts students when you show your student ID!, Halloween's creeping up... Costume ideas anyone?, Its Friday...who's going out?, null, Carribean Pumpkin Martini- Pumpkin spice, spiced rum, and mango puree, dusted with cinnamon. We like fall!, Like the new photos? Post your own photos at Diva and get a $10 gift certificate!, Champagne-Pomegrante 

photo taken by Danica Jorge, Check out the pictures of our new fall drinks! Autumn Apple Martini...mmm, Autumn Apple Martini
photo taken by Danica Jorge, New Fall Drinks at Diva Lounge!, Here are pictures of our delicious food and new $1 TAPAS, It's definately not summer anymore. New fall drinks are at Diva!, Lamb Sliders: The best dollar you've ever spent!, Diva is going to be AMAZING this fall! (Tufts students, we're looking at you), New Fall drinks currently being concocted! Any suggestions?, Need a reason to go out for drinks?...neither do we, but $1 tapas sure makes a compelling arguement., $1 tapas 3-7pm! Cool off with a Margarita on this hot monday., Start your weekend properly. Our never-ending selection of cocktails and Dollar Tapas should help., One of the few things you can still get for a dollar: Tapas at Diva Lounge!, Rain isn't cool on the 2nd day in a row. Somehow, the coolness of Dollar tapas just doesn't wear off that way., Need assistance enjoying this weather? We'll help you out. OPEN FRENCH DOORS!, Mango Margharitas+nicest weather in weeks=amazing evening, What's your favorite cocktail at Diva?, Extra special weekend lunch buffet sat-sun! 11:30am-3:00pm, Who's up for $1 tapas and ice cold margaritas?, beat the heat with some air conditioning, dollar tapas, and a mango margarita, Mexico just scored! Free appetizer for every goal scored!  Where are you watching the FIFA World Cup?, Chicken Do-Piaza: Boneless white meat Tandoori chicken, pan roasted with sliced onions, tomatoes, green peppers and spices... could be the best thing you eat all week., Slim wallet, big appetite? $10 lunch buffet Monday through Friday., Oh the humidity! Come enjoy a refreshing mango lassi with us!, Looooong weekend! Start it with us tonight! 1/2 price tapas and the best drinks in Davis Square!, ITS 85° IN BOSTON AND MANGO ICE CREAM IS BACK!, have your dinner with a side of warm summer breeze...french doors are open, nothing like some warm Naan on a cold wet day, Summer is here! Keep it light with a Tandoori Chicken Salad., Remember, our Lunch Buffet is $9.95 monday - friday 11:30am-3pm, null, Come and enjoy Diva Lounge
 1/2 Price Tapas

Every Sun to Thurs

5:00pm to 9:00pm, Hookaberry: Blackberries, mango, Captain Morgan & fresh lime... How can you go wrong?, Stressed? Relax with our new special mega margharita for summer '10, ITS HOT!  Sip on an ice cold mango margarita with your half price tapas, French doors are open! Come enjoy the weather while we still have it!, Get out of the rain and have some tandoori chicken! Lunch Buffet: $9.95 11:30am-3:00pm, 1/2 price tapas 5-9 pm Sunday through Thursday every week, try the delicious TANDOORI LAMBCHOPS!, Special: Mango and cardamom spiced tandoori lobster, Try Also 1/2 Price Tapas between 5-9pm  Every Sun-Thurs, Try the new Coconut Ice Cream and Gulab Jamun Sundae, Come & checkout our Valentines day event, we are expected to be SOLD OUT!!!! Saawariya.eventbrite.com, we love press :), New $1 Tapas DIVA LOUNGE  Yes $1, Thinking of a gift to give to your loved ones?... Come to diva restaurant  & lounge and buy a gift card.  Put any amount, and enjoy diva restaurants vibrant cocktails, Indian tapas, and authentic Indian cuisine!!, An awesome blog post about our great deals at Diva!, Check out Diva Lounge tonite ~ vibrant & exotic cocktails ~ Fresh indian style tapas ALSO HOUSE, HIPHOP, LATIN MUSIC PLAYED ALL NITE, New $1 Tapas DIVA LOUNGE  CHECK IT OUT!, Watch a great video of Diva Indian Bistro and Lounge: http://tinyurl.com/divaloungevideo, Hey Tufts students!  Show your college ID and get 10% off all food and drinks at Diva Restaurant!, See our delicious take-out menu, print out the coupons, and pick up some delicious Indian cuisine from Diva! http://tinyurl.com/divaboston, Please vote for us on Weekly Dig! DIVA INDIAN BISTRO for best Indian food. http://www.weeklydig.com/digthis2009 Thanks!, Outside of diva lounge, Davis sq, Here are pictures of our delicious food and new $1 TAPAS, NEW $1 TAPAS @ DIVA LOUNGE,  LAMB SLIDER, CHICKEN TAKATINI PIZZA, UTTAPAM, CHICKEN SALAD, CHEESE AND MUSHROOM SAMOSA, MINI CHEESE DOSA, HOT SHOTS PANI POORI, SHRIMP CHAAT, MINI NAANWHICH , GOES GREAT WITH OUR NEW UPDATED EXOTIC COCKTAILS, OR OUR SWEET RED OR WHITE SANGRIA)