List(This should be an easy series. Crawford and Toews before photo shopping. Lets Go Bruins, Just a reminder on this great weekend of Derby de Mayo that tomorrow May 4th we are hosing the 3rd Annual Run for the Roses by the Greg Hill Foundation. Proceeds are going to support the Boston Marathon Victims. A GREAT PARTY WITH A GREAT CAUSE. LADIES BEST HAT CONTEST!!! YEP. Get your tickets below., Everyone please pass this along. This Saturday we are hosting THE GREG HILL FOUNDATION DERBY PARTY. ALL PROCEEDS ARE GOING TO VICTIMS OF THE BOSTON MARATHON BOMBING. GREAT TIME AND GET DRESSED UP FOR A GREAT CAUSE. CLICK BELOW TO BUY TICKETS., Max & Dylans as well as all Legendary Restaurant Group locations have teamed up with The Greg Hill Foundation to give 10% off all sales today to the foundation that will go directly to people and families directly affected by the marathon bombings. Our hearts go out to you all., It's always good to know who you can trust! Happy Halloween!, Everyone on the east coast: stay safe and dry today! Here are a few fun games to play if you lose power!, Happy National Champagne Day! I bet you already know how to celebrate!, Looking for some great pumpkin beers to try this fall? The Boston Globe does a review of 12 to get you started! http://www.bostonglobe.com/lifestyle/food-dining/2012/10/05/pumpkin-beers-for-fall/wA8B9RAnNIxsDzzJxR8w9K/story.html, Halloween is around the corner! Have you carved any pumpkins yet this year? And what are some funny/creative examples you have seen? This is one of our favorites:, Looking for something awesome to do on Halloween? Look no further than our sister restaurant Papagayo Boston and their Halloween Bash! Grab your tickets today!, Local Brewery Spotlight: Berkshire Brewing Company's Oktoberfest! They describe it as an "orange-amber hue reminds us of the fall foliage that accompanies the season, and its elegant and complex malt structure produces a smooth, drinkable brew.  It finishes with hints of spice and a subtle hop flavor, just enough to entice you to have another." 

Try one today!, Looking for a quick drink or bit after work? Stop by and sit at the bar!, How will you be celebrating Columbus Day this weekend?, Local Brewery Spotlight: Pretty Things Beer & Ale Project - try what they call their Saison Americain Jack D'or, that combines Nugget, Styrian Golding and Columbus hops!, October is Breast Cancer Awareness Month! Share the ribbon to show your support for the millions effected every year!, It's cold...it's rainy...its time for some lobster mac n' cheese!, Warning: This may make you thirsty for a beer!, Happy National Cheeseburger Day! We only know one way to celebrate...come and get one!, With the weather changing, Autumn is coming! What is your favorite fall beer?, With the first full Sunday of football this weekend, make sure your fantasy team is looking strong! Check out ESPN's rankings for each position!, Who will be on Newbury tonight for Fashion Night Out Boston 2012? Check out all the awesome places involved below!, Now this is a mac n' cheese kind of day if we have ever seen one!, Ever wonder what a $59 million dollar house on Nantucket looks like? Well one just went up for sale!, Lawless opens this weekend! Pre-order some tickets and come in for a pre-movie dinner or post-movie drinks at Loews by the Boston Common!, School is starting back up around Boston! Here are some healthy lunch tips for your kids (or maybe even you)! http://bo.st/R6YZOI, In honor of all the great Instagram photos we get of our food!, Fantasy Football is starting up very soon! Who would you take first overall? Aaron Rodgers? Arian Foster? Ray Rice? Tom Brady?, CHOMP! Who is excited about Shark Week being here!!?? What is your favorite shark?, Friday is here! Come on in to celebrate the weekend with a feast!! (Photo courtesy of Mass Bytes), Tom Brady spottings! Are you getting excited for Patriots season?, It's National Ice Cream Sandwich Day!!!!!!!!! Time to enjoy Max and Dylan's own homemade Chocolate Chip Cookie Sliders !!! Yum., What is your favorite kind of Max & Dylans max and cheese?, Looking for the perfect dinner and a movie date? Don't look any farther than Max and Dylans Downtown! Call today to make a reservation.
http://www.google.com/movies?hl=en&near=Boston&dq=loews+theater+boston+common&tid=7005e312ec8c9943&sa=X&ei=UtkWUNjsEsmR6gGI1YHwCQ&sqi=2&ved=0CFkQxQMoAA, Vote for Max and Dylan's Downtown for having the best Mac & Cheese!!!!! Follow the link!
http://boston.cityvoter.com/best/mac-and-cheese/food/boston, Here is a way to impress your friends! Learn 15 fun facts about our favorite food, Mac and Cheese!  http://bit.ly/bXTty4, Here are 12 gym etiquette no-no's according to Boston.com! What is your biggest gym pet-peeve? http://ow.ly/cqDOa http://ow.ly/i/N5cd, Are you familiar with our parking validation offer? http://ow.ly/i/M1cD, Trying to escape from the heat? Come into Max and Dylan's for an ice cold red or white sangria! YUM!, Make sure to come on down to the Downtown block party on July 23! It will include live music, and tastings of dishes from several new downtown restaurants! http://ow.ly/cgE0A, Check out these warm weather recipes! Share with us your all-time favorite summertime recipe! http://bo.st/OJch3g, The US Olympic Committee announced the 530 member- team of the 2012 London Olympic Games! Good luck to all and bring home the Gold! http://bit.ly/M1iWIR, Do you love Macaroni and Cheese more than this guy? http://bit.ly/MSwULk, In honor of Macaroni Day, come on in and celebrate with our yummy Mac and Cheese, we have a variety to choose from! http://ow.ly/i/JWjE, Take a look at some of the exciting upcoming events in Boston this weekend!

http://calendar.boston.com/boston_ma/events/events+this+weekend, Do you know the history of the Star-Spangled Banner? http://ow.ly/bY4I9, Here is a list of the top 10 Patriotic Country Songs! Which one is your favorite? http://ow.ly/bY4qF, Fire up the grill this 4th of July with these tasty recipes from Food Network! http://bit.ly/HSgoJ, Max and Dylan's now has an Instagram! Follow us at maxanddylansdt !!!, Max and Dylan's now has an Instagram!!!! Follow us at maxanddylansdt !!!!!, The Tall Ships sail into Boston Harbor this weekend! Check out the full schedule of events here: http://bit.ly/QjGbxZ, Be sure to come see In Like Lions at the Downtown Crossing block party Thursday., Happy Summer Solstice!, If you haven't gotten your tickets for Mamma Mia yet there are still some available! Come in for dinner before the show or enjoy coffee and dessert post show!


http://www.aceticket.com/mamma-mia-tickets/?gclid=COr9z5qn2bACFUFo4AodYydl2Q, Free parking today in Boston thanks to Bunker Hill Day! Take advantage of this and come on over :) http://bo.st/KVkCil, Oh, Red Solo Cup, I fill you up! Did you know that the lines on Solo cup actually have meaning? Check out this link! http://bit.ly/LD5069, The Boston Bruins are one of the favored teams to win the 2013 Stanley Cup! Who is ready for the season to start now and have the B's bring the Cup back to where it belongs!? http://es.pn/KOZeRU, Wise words!, How yummy does this flatbread dessert look? 
http://bit.ly/KfUZs5, Heading to a show at the Citi Performing Arts Center | Wang Theatre? Present us your ticket and receive 25% off your bill!, Glad we are not the only ones!, Thanks to Mass Bytes for an awesome review of our apps, entrees and desserts!, Do you think The Boston Celtics have what it takes to beat The Miami HEAT tonight? http://yhoo.it/M4RZWk

, If you could have one of our Mac and Cheese dishes right now, which one would you choose?, The men's NCAA Lacrosse tournament is taking place this weekend at Gillette Stadium! Who do you think will walk away as the National Champion? http://es.pn/KdutSz, What is your prediction for Celtics vs 76ers tonight?, Bruce Springsteen and the E Street Band are playing Fenway this August! Who is getting tickets!? http://event.etix.com/ticket/online/performanceSale.do?performance_id=1626944&method=restoreToken, The Avengers is out now! Who is your favorite character!?, May is National Hamburger Month! Like this post if you will be eating a burger soon to celebrate!, What is your prediction for Bruins game 7 vs the Capitals?, Indulge Inspire Imbibe posted some amazing photos and reviews from Max & Cheese Mania! We are getting hungry already..., Thanks to Baking Me Hungry for such great reviews on their visit!! , With the weather turning around - the Boston Commons is a great place to spend an afternoon!, What will you be eating during the NCAA Championship tonight? Wings, nachos, pizza, or something else?, Big thanks to Just Add Cheese for this awesome post title 'Food Porn friday' that features the Mac and Cheese Mania winner: Chorizo & Jalapeno Mac n' Cheese!!! , Not sure what you are doing tonight...here is an idea: http://yfrog.com/h461705972j, How did the #MBTA Red Line celebrate its 100th birthday today? By tweeting about delays! #OfCourse, Today is the MBTA Red Line's 100th Birthday! How did they celebrate...by tweeting there were delays! But really, take a look at their history, null, Are we the only state that can now say we have a Massacre Plaza?... We hope so, It's your last day to enter Mac and Cheese Mania! Our panel of bloggers will be choosing the winner this week. Will you mac and cheese idea make it on the menu?, Everyone love's Friday... Like if friday were a person, he/she would be marraige material., Time is running out to enter Mac and Cheese Mania!! Tell us your ideal mac and cheese and it could land on the menu, PLUS you could win dinner with your friends!!, From noon-2pm, the Girl Scouts of Eastern Massachusetts are selling cookies on Summer Street. Even we want to skip out of work to grab some., The Rock is in Monday Night Raw tonight, but this is John Cena's city... http://ow.ly/i/uDs5, Who is planning to see Boston Ballet's Play With Fire featuring music from the Rolling Stones!? If you are going, stop by for some special Play With Fire drink specials before or after!, There's still time to enter Mac and Cheese Mania!! All you have to do is tell us what you want in your mac and cheese. From "olives" to "steak and eggs..." Whatever floats your boat. Enter and your mac and cheese could land on our menu AND you get dinner with your friends!, It looks like someone enjoyed our famous Mac & Cheese!!! With our lovely server Chelsey :), Have some drinks with us and then head over to Middle East in Cambridge! In Like Lions, our favorite local band, is playing at 10! See you there!

http://www.facebook.com/photo.php?fbid=10150691058280519&set=a.164408735518.156851.110977570518&type=1&theater, Doesn't get much cooler than this.. Samuel Adams is creating a beer just for the The Boston Marathon!, Want to create our next mac and cheese? Submit your ideas and you could get your mac and cheese on our menu! (plus, you'll be invited to come in and have a tasting with your friends!). Submit on our "Mac + Cheese Mania" tab!, Who is hunggryy?!, Looking for a last minute reservation for Valentine's Day tomorrow? Call up for reservations and get dinner for 2 for $39.95. This includes an appetizer, two great meals and a dessert!, The Celtics are coming in strong tonight with a 5 game win streak (9/10 games)! How long do you think it will last?, LETS GO PATS! What is your favorite game day food?, Great photo of ourBoston Blueberry Stuffed French Toast from BWAYBITES! Thanks for coming in guys!, There's still time to come in for lunch today AND get some sun!, Tom Brady says he is ready for a Giants Super Bowl match-up. Are you?, Cold days call for soup!  Our Onion Soup is back by popular demand, come get a crock!, The New England Patriots are playing their first playoff game of the season on Saturday against the Denver Broncos! Will the game be as one sided as their earlier meeting?, Wishing everyone a Happy Holiday season!  Enjoy time with loved ones!, We have just uploaded a new tab with photos and information about how to connect with us online - check it out!, Have you tried our 'Decorate Your Own Sugar Cookie' Special yet? Super fun and delicious!, We have enjoyed hosting a lot of great holiday parties this year!  Happy Holiday Everyone!, The Golden Globe nominees have been announced! Who will take home the big awards (best actor, best director, etc)?, Our Newest Drink Special inspired by the Nutcracker!  We present you the 'Sugar Plum Fairy' - Plum Wine, Champagne and Cranberry with a Sugar Rim, Someone on Twitter posted this awesome photo of their Lobster Mac & Cheese and Filet Mignon Sliders...yummmmm http://instagr.am/p/Yb4aI/, Mayor Menino believes that Suffolk Downs is the perfect place for a new casino. Is this something you would welcome in the Boston area?, Downtown's largest holiday market selling original arts and crafts handmade by local artisans: artisan’s foods, jewelry, fine art, photography & mixed media, fiber arts, clothing & accessories, glass, woodworks, metalwork’s, home decor, ceramics & pottery, herbal products. Each week there are new artists and food vendors, so shop often! 
Open daily from November 26 through December 24. Mondays - Saturday, 11 am - 7 pm; Sunday, 11 am - 5 pm., https://artsemerson.org/Online/default.asp?doWork::WScontent::loadArticle=Load&BOparam::WScontent::loadArticle::article_id=DDD9682B-C04B-4010-9E60-C39D05DA96E8

Check out ArtsEmerson's great One Day Sale going on TOMORROW!, The American Automobile Association (AAA) estimated that 42.2 million Americans traveled 50 miles or more from home over the Thanksgiving holiday weekend in 2010.
Where are you traveling this Thanksgiving??, Did you get your tickets to 'The Twilight Saga: Breaking Dawn - Part 1' yet?  The AMC Loews around the corner is playing it in 14 theaters at midnight tomorrow!, Back by popular demand - Kobe meatloaf served with shiitake vinaigrette, mashed potatoes, and green beans for a limited time only!, Escape to Verona with the Boston Ballet's 'Romeo & Juliet.' Stunning choreography and a moving score makes this masterfully told a must-see.  The final performance at the Opera House is today at 1PM!, Happy Veterans Day to everyone. Make sure to thank an active or non-active military member today for everything they have done, and what they continue to do. THANK YOU!!!, Looking for a great show this weekend? The 360 Theater in City Hall Plaza is still playing Peter Pan!, Heinz ketchup is tied for second place in our costume contest. Comment to vote!, Flo is tied for second place in our Halloween costume contest. Comment to vote!, Come celebrate National Sandwich Day with us! Customer favorites are the grilled portabella mushroom with goat cheese, sprouts, and tomato jam and the fried haddock with cheddar cheese and homemade tartar sauce!, HAPPY HALLOWEEN from Max & Dylans Downtown!!, Don't forget to come help us pick a winner for our Staff Halloween Costume Contest!, We are having a Staff Halloween Costume Contest and need your help voting for the winner!  Come in anytime on Saturday, Sunday or Monday to place your vote for the BEST Halloween Costume!, We had an amazing time hosting Massmouth Inc. story slam this weekend! Check out the photos from their Facebook page! , ArtsEmerson presents 'You Better Sit down: Tales from my Parents Dicorvce.' 
Opening this Tuesday at the Paramount!  www.artsemerson.org , We know you want some! it will warm you up as fall turns into winter here in Boston!, What is your favorite theater to see a show in downtown Boston?, Now this is some exciting news! Happy hour could be brought back as part of the Massachusetts Casino Bill!, Columbus Day is over, and it is back to work! How did you spend your day off yesterday in the beautiful weather?, Home:  A Story Slam 
Presented by massmouth & ArtsEmerson: The World On Stage
Sunday, OCT 23 @ 7PM
Storytelling workshop with massmouth,inc. @ 6:30PM
Max and Dylans Restaurant, 15 West Street, Boston
FREE for ArtsEmerson members! ($10 general/$5 students)
 
In the spirit of ArtsEmerson’s presentation of The Civilians’ You Better Sit Down: Tales From My Parents’ Divorce (playing OCT 25 – 30), ArtsEmerson and massmouth invite you to a story slam on “home.” Bring your story about the people and/or the place you call home. Anyone may sign up at the venue for a chance to tell their true, 5-minute, first-person narrative and a lucky 8-10 tellers will be chosen at random to perform their stories. Cast members from 'You Better Sit Down' will serve as guest judges.
http://massmouth.org/

, Tonight at The Wilbur Theatre Kevin Smith and Jay Mewes are here to talk 'Jay and Silent Bob Get Old'! Very cool - who is going? http://ow.ly/6Qusg , The Boston Bruins are BACK!, The Holidays are right around the corner!  Call us to book your event today! 617-423-3600, 'In Like Lions' lead singer is on the bar tonight! www.inlikelions.com , Max & Dylans welcomes South Pacific to the Boston Opera House!  Buy your tickets today and stop in for our 'Bali Ha'i Mai Tai' to celebrate!, West Street @ Night, Let's Go Red Sox!!!, Check out our new menu on our website! www.maxanddylans.com , New menu rolls out on Thursday!  Let the countdown begin!, We are rolling out a new menu next Thursday featuring 12 new items!  Make plans to come see what it's all about!, Come join us for live Jazz on Wednesday's in July from 7pm-9pm!, Come celebrate the 4th of July with us! Hope everyone has a wonderful weekend!  Happy 4th of July!, Come join us for Jazz in July Indoor Concerts!  We will have live music every Wednesday during July starting at 7pm!, Welcomes West Side Story to Boston!, GO BRUINS!, Max & Dylans is ready for tonight!, Decked out in Bruins gear! Ready for a win!  GO BRUINS!, Serving food until 9PM and the bar is open until midnight tonight, come visit!, Max & Dylans in Charlestown is giving away free food at the Downtown Crossing Social this Thursday, June 9th starting at 5pm!  Live music,  beer and wine too! Come check it out!, GO BRUINS!!!!!!!!!!!!, Check this out! Great deal, great cause! www.meal4meal.com , Game 1 tonight!  Come cheer on the B's with us!, Summer at Max and Dylans Downtown! The front windows are open!, Open straight through to dinner!  Come celebrate 'Thirsty Thursday!', Don't miss tonight's Downtown Crossing Block party! There's no better way to unwind after work then sitting outside and enjoying $2 beers and free food from Max and Dylans! Come join us tonight from 5pm - 8pm on Summer St. (across from Macy's)!, Mint Juleps at Max & Dylans for the Kentucky Derby!, Let's Go Boston! Come in and try our red or white sangria!, Come cheer on the Boston Bruins for Game 7 tonight! Go B's!!!, Congratulations to everyone who ran the 2011 Boston Marathon!  Come join us for Monday Funday!, Open for Brunch from 10am-2pm today, serving lunch at 11am!, Come check out our newest drink, the Money Penny Martini! Troy created it using Double Cross Vodka, Hendricks Gin, St. Germain, and Dry Vermouth, garnished with an orange zest!, Start your long weekend right ... with Max & Dylans!  Our kitchen is staying open till 10pm on Sunday and we are open all day on Monday!, We are thankful it's starting to feel like Spring!  Come enjoy a mojito or margarita to celebrate!, Let's Go Red Sox!, Check out this great deal!  Limited time offer!http://www.giltcity.com/boston/maxanddylans
, http://www.giltcity.com/boston/maxanddylans, Uh-oh. Sounds like somebody's got a case of the Monday ... That's nothing a martini and mac & cheese can't fix!, If you love Max & Dylans you should spread the good word!  Suggest that your Facebook friends become a 'fan' of Max & Dylans Downtown!, Book your next event with Max & Dylans! We can accommodate groups as intimate as 10 guests and as large as 200 guests!  Go to our website to submit a request! www.maxanddylans.com, The bar is open until Midnight tonight and we are serving food till 10pm!, March Madness and Buffalo Chicken Mac & Cheese!  Come join us on this beautiful day!, We are stocked up on Jameson & Guiness!  Come celebrate St. Patrick's Day with us!, We changed our artwork!  Come see the new look!, Open for Saturday and Sunday Brunch from 10AM - 2PM! Come join us on this beautiful day!, Scollay Square, one of our sister restaurants, is participating in Restaurant Week!  Make your reservation now!, Welcomes 'Mary Poppins-The Musical' to the Boston Opera House!, Offering a great special this weekend! Come join us for our 3-Course Dinner for Two for only $39.95!  Featuring Pan Seared Scallops with Lobster Mashed Potatoes, Miso Glazed Salmon with Jasmine Rice and New Orleans BBQ Chicken!, Valentine's Day Special offered this Friday, Saturday, Sunday and Monday! 3 Course Dinner for Two for $39.95! View the menu at www.maxanddylans.com or e-mail Kim@maxanddylans.com for more details!  Make your reservations today!, Getting ready for the Super Bowl!  Who are you cheering for?  Come join us tomorrow for the big game!, More Snow!! If you have to leave the house, come hang out with us. We'd love to have you!, It's FREEZING OUT!  Come warm up with some Buffalo Chicken Mac & Cheese!  Serving food until 9pm, drinks till midnight!, We are serving lunch and dinner today!  Come join us for some mac & cheese!, Come cheer on the Bruins with us tonight!, Sick of the weather? Come on in for a bowl of our homemade Chicken Pot Pie!, GOOOOOO PATS!!!!!, Join our VIP Club by going to lrg.capturecode.com  Good at all of our 5 restaurants!, Serving Saturday & Sunday Brunch from 10am - 2pm! Come get snowed in with us!, Cheering on the Bruins! Come enjoy a pint of Sam Adams Winter Lager!, Buffalo Chicken Mac & Cheese for lunch today would warm you up!  See you soon!, We are hosting the Arkansas Razorbacks tomorrow night for the Sugar Bowl!  Come join us at 7pm at our upstairs bar!, Come ring in the New Year with Max & Dylans Downtown! We are open until 2am, serving food until 12:45pm, NO COVER!  Happy New Year!!, Wishing everyone a happy, safe and healthy holiday season!, Our kitchen will be open until 4pm on Friday, December 24th and our bar will be serving drinks until 6pm.  Come in and celebrate the holidays with us!, We partnered with the Boston Ballet to offer a great deal for you!  A 4-course dinner and tickets to see 'The Nutcracker!'  Buy your tickets today online at http://www.bostonballet.org/site/templates/tickets_landing.aspx?id=16221, A Holiday Night Out with Max & Dylans and the Boston Ballet's 'The Nutcracker!'  For just $90 per person, enjoy a night out with a 4-course dinner at Max & Dylans followed by a performance of Boston Ballet's 'The Nutcracker' at the Boston Opera House!  Order today by calling 617-695-6955 or online at www.bostonballet.org and use order code NUTMAXDYLAN, null, The perfect place to enjoy a holiday cocktail with family and friends!, Serving Brunch until 2pm!  Come warm up with Blueberry Stuffed French Toast!, is open till 2AM tonight and serving food till 12:45AM!, Come catch the Patriots tonight at Max & Dylans!  We will be playing the game with volume!, Boston Ballet's The Nutcracker is a must-see holiday event for the whole family! Join Clara on her magical journey through an enchanted winter wonderland to a palace of sugary confections.  Now playing at the Boston Opera House, get your tickets today!, Would be honored to host your event this Holiday season! Sumbit your reqest on our website today! www.maxanddylans.com, Give the gift of theater this holiday season! The Paramount theater is having a ONE DAY SALE, November 29! All seats only $25!* Performances include ::The mind-blowing circus show PSY ::An IRISH FESTIVAL with the iconic Abbey and Druid Theaters :: Oscar winner F. Murray Abraham as Shylock in THE MERCHANT OF VENICE. Call the box office at 617.824.8000 or visit artsemerson.org to get your tickets!, wants to remind you that we offer parking validation at the Pilgrim Parking Lot located at 1 Avenue de Lafayette Street!  It's a great deal!, What better way to show your friends, co-workers, or family that you care than a gift card from Max & Dylans? Buy on-line at www.maxanddylans.com, is selling gift cards on our website for your convenience!  Check it out at www.maxanddylans.com  They make a great gift and can be used at all of our restaurants!, Welcomes the 2010-2011 edition of the world famous Boston Ballet! We are conveniently located just one block from the Opera House and would be honored to host your pre-show dinner. Let us make your Ballet night special., is currently taking reservations for the holidays!  Space is booking quickly so call to book your party today!, is offering a dinner package with the Boston Ballet! It includes tickets to see Boston Ballet's 'La Bayadere' and a 4-course dinner for $80! Buy your tickets now at www.bostonballet.comBoston Ballet Tickets, Boston Ballet School, Artistic Director Mikko Nissinen | Boston Ballet
www.bostonballet.com, has the front windows open!  Come visit us for lunch!, Come watch the REAL big three and the big Shaqprechaun at Max and Dylans! Tip-off is at 7:30. Remember, nothing goes better with a Heat Beat Down than big bowl Buffalo Chicken Dip! See you there!, is serving Brunch till 2pm today.  Come try our homemade Blueberry Stuffed French Toast!, thinks an Irish Coffee is the perfect way to warm up on this cold Fall day!  If that doesn't do the trick, our Kobe Meatloaf with Shitake Gravy, Homemade Mashed Potatoes and Green Beans should do it!, is open till 2am tonight and serving food till 12:45am!  Come visit us!, Theater season is in full swing and Max & Dylans welcomes the cast a crew of ROCK OF AGES! If you are coming to the show please visit us for dinner or late night fare. Bring your PLAYBILL for 25% off your food purchase!, @Hyatt Regency Boston is giving away 2 free Rock of Ages tickets for Monday night's show. 'Like' their page for a chance to win!  We are also throwing in dinner for two at Max & Dylans before the show!, It is a beautiful day and the windows are wide open! Are you going to see WICKED? Bring in your playbill for 25% off your food purchase!, would like to welcome the cast, crew and guests of WICKED which is playing at the Opera House starting tonight!  Welcome to the neighborhood and enjoy the show!, is glad the sunshine came back!  Our front windows are open for lunch and we look forward to seeing you!, is curing the rainy days blue by serving up 5 types of Mac & Cheese including Lobster and Buffalo Chicken!, is now opening for SATURDAY BRUNCH starting tomorrow!  Come enjoy all your favorite Sunday Brunch items on Saturday now!  See you tomorrow at 10AM!, is gearing up for the Downtown Crossing Block Party this Thursday 8/19!  Find us outside Macy's in Downtown Crossing giving away complimentary food! Live music from 'In Like Lions' and cash bar!  Come check out this awesome event from 5pm-8pm!, is serving Sunday Brunch featuring 'Make Your Own Bloody Mary Bar!'  Homemade Blueberry Stuffed French Toast and Bloody Mary's might be the perfect Sunday!, null, Book your Bachelorette Party at Max & Dylan's! Call us at (617)423-3600 and enjoy a great dinner and our signature “cougar martini”!, It's a beautiful night in Downtown Boston! If you are coming to the downtown crossing block party please stop by after for a free appetizer!, has an entire Mojito menu including raspberry, blackberry, brown sugar, mango and apple pear!  Come in and try one today!, will be having live Jazz tomorrow night from 6pm-8pm by Lance Martin & John Baboian! Come in and enjoy dinner and drinks while listening to the 'Jazz in July Free Concert Series!', has the front windows open! Beautiful weather for lunch and a cocktail!  See you soon!, is will be having live Jazz tonight by John Kordalewski and Kurt Rivers from 6pm - 8pm as a part of the 'Jazz in July Free Concert Series!', will be at the Downtown Crossing Block Party tonight from 5pm-8pm giving away complimentary food and prizes!  There will be a cash bar and live music from 'In Like Lions!' Come join in on the fun outside of Macy's on Summer Street!, has live Jazz tonight!  Come check it out!, wants you to join our V.I.P. Club which offers you discounts and on-going deals!  It's easy, go to https://lrg.capturecode.com and register today!, Rough night out on the town? Cure your woes with our hearty brunch and Bloody Mary Bar! Sundays 10am till 2pm... See you there!, Wedding season is upon us! Book your rehearsal dinner or bachelor/ bachelorette dinner with Max & Dylans Downtown! We have 3 levels and 2 bars to accommodate all your needs!  Call us at 617-423-3600 or reserve online at www.maxanddylans.com, invites you and your friends to come cheer on the Celtis tonight over cold beers and buffalo chicken mac & cheese!, thinks Sunday Brunch and 'Make Your Own Bloody Mary Bar' is the perfect way to enjoy Memorial Day Weekend!, is muddling up mojitos!  We have 6 flavors to choose from including raspberry, mango, blackberry and brown sugar!, is playing the Bruins game!  Come cheer them on!, thinks you should come celebrate your mother for brunch tomorrow!  We are serving brunch and "Make Your Own Bloody Mary Bar from 10AM - 2PM!, is cheering for the Bruins, Celtics and the Red Sox!  Come join us for dinner and drinks!, is pouring Sam Adams Summer Ale on draft!  Come join us for a pint and a cheers to warm weather!, will be celebrating Valentine's Day with a 3 course menu for 2 for $39.95. View the menu at www.maxanddylans.com and call to make your reservations today!, thinks you should come enjoy Sunday Brunch and "Make Your Own Bloody Mary Bar" on this long weekend!, rolled out a new menu!  Come check it out!, is wishing everyone a Happy and Healthy New Year!, is selling gift cards online at www.maxanddylans.com They make a great holiday gift and are good at all four of our restaurants: Scollay Square, Tavern on the Water, Max & Dylans Charlestown, and Max & Dylans Downtown., is watching the Patriots game!, is open for lunch at 11:30.  Do some holiday shopping in Downtown and them come join us!, is playing the Boston Celtics game and thinks you should come cheer them on!, is serving Sunday Brunch till 2pm including our "Make Your Own Bloody Mary Bar!", is hosting the Arkansas Alumni Football game vs. LSU!  Come join in on the fun!, Celebrate Thanksgiving Eve with Max & Dylans Downtown!  Serving food till 12:45AM and drinks till 2AM!, The front windows are open so its a cool place to come this memorial day Weekend. Food till 12:45 a.m. and drinks till 2:00 a.m., null)