List(Do you have managerial experience? Are you happy, hardworking, humble and ready to take over the world with us? APPLY at Juicery.com/careers. (Like, now.), Based on the taste (✨), I'm sure you assumed our Juicery Kitchen line was crafted by magical elves.

SURPRISE! It's even better. Our chef, Stacey, is a brilliant nutritionist & herbalist. She and her sous chef make everything from scratch with the highest quality ingredients she can find 😏 

Dang, you're spoiled. 👄, VICTORY! ✨💪🏻✨

@bkeaalzz38, congrats! You're the winner of our Instagram contest 🙂 We've got a shiny, new $25 gift card for ya. 

It's goin' down in the DM (..so we can mail the card.. 👀), We're having a blast at the UNH Nutrition Expo 😛 Thanks for stopping by @matteaagraace!, The grass is greener where you water it. 🌱

When you focus on your worries, they grow. 
Instead, put your love, time and energy on whatever you want to thrive. 

#byeweeds #byefelicia 👋🏻, Debuting our new natural chapsticks at the UNH Nutrition Expo 🙂. 

Your skin is your largest organ. Take care of it., Oooh das hot🔥🔥🔥

Downtown Portsmouth is now selling our chef's homemade FIRE TONIC. Gut health is the key to feeling and looking your best 😏

Ingredients include: Apple cider vinegar, garlic, onion, rosemary , turmeric, horseradish, thyme, ginger & many more herbs and spices. 👄, Don't be a prick😏

Come ova to our downtown Portsmouth and Pease locations for some hydration. 

Our cactus water is an excellent source of electrolytes & contains less calories and sugar than coconut water. 💦, It's simple: 

eat food that nourishes you + keep friends that nourish you + do work that nourishes you + move your bod + love loads = THRIVE 🌱🌱🌱🌱🌱🌱🌱, APPLY AT JUICERY.COM/CAREERS

But, seriously, if you're ready to take over Boston with us-- we want you on our team. 

Looking for kickass management and juice bar hires ASAP. 

*just trying to fit in., I foresee lots of shamrocks and shenanigans tomorrow. #butthatsnoneofmybusiness.

(We've got lots of green things to ingest. Celebrate St Patrick's Day with us.), Let's taco'bout the power of whole, raw foods for a minute.

Raw fruits and vegetables contain enzymes-- which are essentially little, magic workers that ensure you're digesting properly and absorbing all of the useful nutrients within your food. 

Heat destroys vitamins and minerals. Most times, eating uncooked veggies provides your bod with more nutrients than when cooked.

The more you know.. ya know? 😎

Oh hey, our Mexican Salad FULL of tasty, whole, raw veggies. 💃🏼 #foodfactsFriday, Looking for something to brighten up your day today?  How about a vibrant and fresh Sunrise Squeeze!, Acai what ya did there. 

You’ve made our famous acai bowl, well.. famous. 

Acai berries are one of the most nutrient dense fruits on the planet. They also contain healthy fats and fiber— which means you’ll be satisfyingly full with a big ol’ bowl of acai, banana, granola and nut butter as a meal. On the move? Ain’t no thang. Request a to-go cup.

 #juicenation, Come and get YUM! Chocolate Chia Mousse samples today at Pease Juicery from 12-1., Hey Portsmouth, 

Whattya doing tomorrow at noon? FREE CHOCOLATE CHIA MOUSSE TASTING at our Pease location from 12-1PM.

Our chef, the brilliant Stacey Hamblett, will be speaking about the nutritional benefits of our top selling dessert. 

Chia there?, We're hiring. Do you have what it takes to join our team?
Find out here: http://www.juicery.com/careers/ :), Juicery Kitchen menu this week: Chocolate Chia Mousse, Spicy Soba Noodle & Tofu, Cranberry Pecan Chickpea Salad, Asian Quinoa Salad, Vegan Kale Caesar, and Mexican Tempeh Salad., Our chef had a craving for Rice Krispy Treats so she made her own version.  Vegan Peanut Butter Crispy Treats made with Organic Brown Rice Crisps and Chia Seeds. Come and get YUM. (Available only at New Hampshire locations)., Get your #junglejuice ! #repost @stronginsideout, Looking for lunch?! #noriroll #theportsmouthjuicery #lunch #eatclean, Can you guess what our Chef/Herbalist is making for you?, Only all natural ingredients go into The Juicery's Get Up & Granola Bar!  Gluten free, vegan, and a great source of protein, fiber and healthy fat to power up your day., Your sweetie called and said to pick up some of The Juicery Kitchen's chef made vegan macaroons for Valentine's Day., The Juicery supports One Billion Rising Seacoast, an evening of dance live on stage at The Music Hall, Saturday February 13 at 8pm, featuring 50 members of the Seacoast’s professional dance community and student performers (one of which is our Chef!).

It’s the 11th year of V-Day, a celebration that has benefited HAVEN NH (formerly Sexual Assault Support Services and A Safe Place), and fought to end violence against women in the Seacoast., Valentine's Day is this Sunday!  Treat your loved one with a gift card to the Juicery., The Juicery Kitchen menu this week: raspberry coconut chia pudding, soba noodles & baked tofu, Mediterranean chickpea salad, roasted root & bean salad, kale & cranberry salad, and quinoa edamame tabouleh., Hey Boston - we are hiring! We are currently seeking a talented Manager for our Boston location! Apply online below to join our awesome team--->

http://www.juicery.com/careers/, Did you know we have fresh turmeric root in Portsmouth and Pease?  Add a piece to your smoothie or juice for an anti-inflammatory boost.  Or try a zingy lemon turmeric shot!, Need a snack or healthy lunch today?  How about our sprouted quinoa salad with chef made Asian peanut sauce!, Mmmmm....organic soba noodles with chef made spicy chili sauce and tamari baked tofu.  Yes please!, The Juicery Kitchen Menu this week: Spicy Soba Noodles & Tofu, Mexican Tempeh Salad, Cranberry Pecan Chickpea Salad, Vegan Kale Caesar, Asian Quinoa w/Peanut Butter Sauce, and the now famous Chocolate Chia Mousse., Don't forget about our Juice Club! Starting tomorrow you could have one juice from our menu and one supplement every day for the next month! A $290 value for just $149. What better way to kick off your work week than with a healthy morning juice?

Available for purchase online (http://bit.ly/1S7UU05) or in store., Throwback to our humble beginnings! Who remembers our first location!? 

We are excited to announce we will be opening our 7th juice bar location this spring! 30 Main Street at the University of New Hampshire!, Ready to get fit this winter? Why not start with a healthier diet? Buy your February Juice Club card today for $149 (a $290 value)! You'll get one juice from our menu and one supplement each day during the month of February. Available for purchase online or in store., The Juicery Kitchen Menu this week: Moroccan Quinoa, Roasted Root & Bean Salad, Kale & Cranberry Salad, Mediterranean Chickpea, Organic Soba & Baked Tofu, and Raspberry Chia Pudding., The Seacoast yoga community is hosting the eighth annual Yoga Mala on January 31! This 3-hour yoga session is a joyful fundraising event taught by area teachers. Open to all levels of yoga students, this class will uplift you as a celebration of community spirit!, Vanilla Berry Chia Pudding Parfaits are available at all locations this weekend!, Thanks to local food writer Rachel Forrest for writing this article about us!, Buy your February Juice Club card today for $149 (a $290 value)! Make this your fittest February yet with a month's worth of juices. You'll get one juice from our menu and one supplement each day during the month of February! 

Available for purchase online (http://bit.ly/1S7UU05) or in store., #job Are you looking for a new, fun opportunity in management? The Juicery is the place for you! We are looking for an awesome Manager to join our Boston location! Experience is preferred, and a positive attitude and a passion for healthy cuisine are necessary! Apply online :-) www.juicery.com/careers, Fight that cold with a locally made Fire Cider Shot! 👊 #firecider #firetonic #immuneboost, On the go? Check out our Açai Bowl in a cup! #acai #acaibowl, The Juicery Kitchen menu this week: Nacho Salad, Soba Noodles & Baked Tofu, Vegan Kale Caesar, Black Bean Quinoa with Cumin Lime Dressing, Curried Chickpea Salad, and Chocolate Chia Pudding., Our Quinoa Edamame Tabouleh is made with sprouted quinoa, organic edamame, organic tomatoes, parsley, mint, lemon and extra virgin olive oil. Pure, fresh and real food!, Craving a mid afternoon snack?  How about our Cranberry Pecan Chickpea Salad?  Made with organic chickpeas, dried cranberries, pecans, organic celery, scallions and a creamy tahini dressing., We love Açai Bowls! #acaibowl #repost @kitchenandkraft, Have you tried our Raspberry Chia Mousse yet?  Made with pure coconut milk, raspberries, chia, maple syrup, vanilla and cinnamon.  It will surely sweeten up your day!, We are hiring! We are looking for positive people with a passion for healthy cuisine who enjoy a fast-paced environment to join our team in Portsmouth or Boston! Apply here: www.juicery.com/careers :-), The Juicery Kitchen Menu this week: Spicy Soba Noodles & Tofu, Mexican Tempeh Salad, Cranberry Pecan Chickpea Salad, Quinoa Edamame Tabouleh, Kale & Cranberry Salad, and Raspberry Chia Pudding., Juices & Açai Bowls & Açai Bowls & Juices 😜 #acai #juice #acaibowl #repost @lizandlavender, Fight that cold with a Fire Cider Shot! Now sold at both Portsmouth and Pease locations! #firecider #coldfighter, Our Portsmouth locations are now offering spicy immune boosting Fire Tonic shots.  Made locally with raw apple cider vinegar and a potent blend of herbs and spices, this shot can be taken daily to keep your immune system strong this winter., We're sure missing those hot Summer days! But it's never too cold to enjoy a Juicery drink! #thejuicery #summerlovin #juice #yearroundjuice #repost @jonathan_vogel, The Juicery Kitchen Menu this week: Soba Noodle & Baked Tofu, Mexican Tempeh Salad, Giant White Bean Salad, Asian Quinoa, Vegan Kale Caesar, Chocolate Chia Pudding, and Vegan Nachos., Happy New Year!!!! If you partied too hard or simply just want to start your year off right, stop by The Juicery in downtown Portsmouth or Boston for a healthy drink to rock your first day of 2016!, What's cooking in The Juicery Kitchen this week: Soba Noodle Bowl, Cranberry Pecan Chickpea, Moroccan Quinoa, Kale & Cranberry Salad, Mexican Tempeh Salad, and Mango Ginger Chia Pudding., Due to the holiday schedule there will be no ToGo foods from The Juicery kitchen this weekend.  You can still enjoy one of our granola bars, raw bars or coco macaroons!, The Juicery is hiring! We are looking for team members and managers in Portsmouth and Boston! If you are passionate about healthy foods and work best in a fast-paced, team oriented environment, then apply online today! :-) Go to: www.juicery.com/careers, The Juicery Kitchen Menu this week is: Organic Orzo Salad, Three Bean & Ginger Salad, Curried Kale & Cashew Salad, Spicy Soba Noodles, Mediterranean Chickpea & Feta (without feta in Portsmouth), and Raspberry Chia Pudding., On the menu today in addition to our other delicious items: Roasted Root & Bean Salad.  Hurry in while supplies last!, Welcome to #juicenation! 🍊🍏 #mainesqueeze #thejuicery #maine #portland #newhampshire #portsmouth #massachusetts #boston, Have you joined yet?, Check out our NEW 16 oz. Mason Jar Mugs with Daisy Cut Lids! Add in a Juicery gift card or Smoothie Club card for a great holiday gift. Purchase a $50 Juicery gift card and get a mug with Get Up and Granola Bar in it for free!, The Juicery Kitchen Menu this week: Cashew & Sesame Soba Noodles with Org Tofu, Mexican Tempeh Salad, Curried Chickpea Salad, Spicy Asian Quinoa, Vegan Kale Caesar, Chocolate Chia Mousse and Vegan Nachos., Check out our NEW 16 oz. Mason Jar Mugs with Daisy Cut Lids!  Add in a Juicery gift card or Smoothie Club card for a great holiday gift.  Purchase a $50 Juicery gift card and get a mug with Get Up and Granola Bar in it for free!, Heading to Boston this holiday season? Visit our North End location! @bostonjuicery #freshjuice #smoothies #boston #mass, Start your year off right with 31 days of smoothies! For the month of January, get any size smoothie, plus one free supplement daily for $99. Pick up yours in store or order online: http://bit.ly/1NgYsrA, Avo love! 💚💚💚 #avocado #omega3s, The Juicery Kitchen ToGo Foods Menu this week: Mexican Tempeh Salad, Spicy Soba Noodle & Tofu, Roasted Root & Bean, Moroccan Quinoa, Lemon Tahini Kale, and Raspberry Chia Pudding., WE'RE HIRING! The Juicery has Team Member and Management opportunities in Portsmouth and Boston! If you love a fast paced environment and have a passion for healthy cuisine, then this could be the perfect opportunity for you! --->>
http://www.juicery.com/careers/, Try Sous Chef Rachel's NEW Organic Soba Noodle Bowl with Spicy Chili Sauce.  She makes the Chili sauce from scratch with spicy, bold and beautiful red fresno chili peppers. Spice up your day today!, All these veggies went into one 16oz juice to power our chef through the morning.  Spinach, kale, beet, turmeric, celery, cucumber, parsley and lemon = Awesome Morning!, Join Great Bay CrossFit's Challenge for Charity on Dec. 5 to benefit Seacoast Area Firefighters Toy Bank.  Help raise money and get in a great workout!  The Juicery's Get Up and Granola Bars will be available to replenish you after the event!, Açai Bowl Love 💜 #acai #acaibowl, This is an awesome local project to support!  Check it out..., The Juicery Kitchen ToGo Food Menu this week: spicy soba noodles & tofu, baked falafel salad with lemon tahini dressing, marinated chickpea & artichoke salad, Asian quinoa, and organic chocolate chia pudding!, Happy Thanksgiving from The Juicery! We are closed today to spend time with our families! See you tomorrow! #thanksgiving, The Juicery Kitchen Menu (there will be no ToGo food Saturday/Sunday due to the holiday schedule): Roasted Root & Bean Salad, Moroccan Quinoa & Lentil Salad, Curried Kale Salad, Spicy Soba Noodle & Tofu, Baked Falafel Salad, and Pumpkin Pie Chia Pudding!, Juice love!, WE ARE HIRING! We are looking for talented managers who want to grow with us and join our dedicated team. Experience in restaurant or cafe management needed! www.juicery.com/careers, Tomorrow is the last day to pre-order Vegan side dishes for your Thanksgiving holiday. Choose from Vegan Kale Caesar, Kale & Cranberry, Curried Kale, Cranberry Pecan Chickpea, Cinnamon Scented Quinoa & Lentil, Roasted Root & Bean, or Ginger Beet & Carrot salad.  Email stacey@juicery.com for more info., null, WE ARE HIRING! We are looking for talented managers who want to grow with us to join our fun team! Experience and motivation needed. www.juicery.com/careers, The Juicery Kitchen weekly menu: Soba Noodle & Tofu Bowl, Curried Kale Salad, Greek Style Organic Orzo Salad, 3 Bean Salad, Mexican Tempeh Salad and Chocolate Chia Mousse!, Need a side dish or dessert to bring to Thanksgiving dinner? Let The Juicery Kitchen do the work for you!  Choose from Vegan Kale Caesar, Kale & Cranberry, Curried Kale, Cranberry Pecan Chickpea, Cinnamon Scented Quinoa & Lentil, Roasted Root & Bean, GF Pumpkin Chocolate Chip Muffins or Raw/Vegan/GF Cranberry Walnut "Fudge".  Contact Chef Stacey at the Pease Juicery or stacey@juicery.com for more details., Our chef made NEW Spicy Soba Noodle & Tofu Bowl is made with organic, GMO free soba noodles and tofu.  Blended with Sous Chef Rachel's own spicy chili sauce, organic carrots, cabbage, green onions and black sesame seeds this is sure to please your taste buds!, Açai Bowl love! ❤️🙌 #acai #acaibowl #repost @bri_trainor, This weeks ToGo foods menu: Vegan Nacho Salad, Spicy Soba Noodles, Curried Chickpea Salad, Vegan Kale Caesar, Raspberry Chia Pudding and Moroccan Quinoa Salad with Carrots, Raisins, Sprouted Lentils and a Cumin & Cinnamon Vinaigrette., #job Are you looking for a new opportunity in restaurant/cafe management? Do you enjoy promoting healthy foods? Would you like to work with a fun, energetic team? Then we encourage you to apply online if you are qualified! www.juicery.com/careers, Our chef made Coco Almond and Fudgy Brownie Bars are kept raw so that the nutrients and enzymes are still in tact.  Good for you and they taste better than candy!, For those of you interested in health & wellness check out these free inspirational documentaries!, Granola bars, macaroons, muffins OH MY!  All made from scratch in The Juicery Kitchen at Pease!, Have you tried our Turmeric Shot? Available at our Portsmouth and Pease locations! #turmeric #coldfighter #upperrespiratoryboost, It's a lovely fall day to enjoy a fresh juice on the patio at Pease Juicery! Our choice today: Sunrise Squeeze. Stop by your nearest location and enjoy your favorite juice!, Have you tried our NEW Organic Soba Noodles with Spicy Chili Sauce yet?  We make the chili paste from scratch with red fresno chili peppers, garlic and a lot of love! Enjoy a little a spice in your life today!, Looking for lunch? Head over to our Hanover St location for a variety of healthy options! #vegan #glutenfree #healthyeatclean #healthylunch #lunchtime, Gluten Free Chocolate Quinoa Cupcakes with Chocolate Frosting (made with sweet potatoes!) for a limited time only at the Pease Juicery & Soupery.  Grown up Halloween treats for the kid in you!, Meet Stacey and Rachel, the Juicery Kitchen chefs.  They are the two who create all the delicious, nutritious ToGo foods, raw bars and desserts.  All the foods are prepared with love FROM SCRATCH in our Portsmouth kitchen!, ToGo Foods Menu this week: NEW Spicy Soba Noodles made with homemade chili paste, Mexican Tempeh Salad, vegan kale caesar, minty black bean quinoa with fennel and radish, Mediterranean chickpea, and mango ginger chia pudding., Do you want to eat healthy but not have to cook or clean? Then try out The Juicery's new plant based meal program. Enjoy 5 days of pre-planned breakfast, lunch and snack foods designed to be nutritious and delicious for you. Contact Stacey at thejuicerycleanse@gmail.com for more info., Cucumber has been documented to have a cleansing effect on the body by removing accumulated waste pockets and even chemical toxins.  And "It has potential antidiabetic, lipid lowering and antioxidant activity." Gain these benefits by enjoying a Jungle or Green Juice daily! (ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/23098877), Try our Immunity Flight Shots! Stop sickness in its tracks! From top to bottom: Cayenne Shot, Turmeric & Lemon Juice Shot, Spirulina & Grapefruit Juice Shot! Available at our Pease location! #immunity #cayenne #lemon #turmeric #spirulina #grapefruit, Did you know that our chef sources the finest ingredients possible for our ToGo foods?  Tofu, Tempeh, Corn, Sugar, Cocoa, Soba Noodles, Orzo, Chickpeas, Black Beans are just a few of the staples that we ALWAYS purchase ORGANIC.  We care about not only your health, but the health of the planet too!, ToGo menu this week: NEW Pumpkin Pie Chia Pudding, Organic Kale Vegan Caesar Salad, Organic Orzo Salad with Roasted Peppers, Mexican Tempeh, Organic Soba Noodles w/Baked Tofu and Curried Organic Chickpea Salad!, Have you tried a turmeric lemon shot yet?  You can also add fresh turmeric root to your favorite juice or smoothie.  Check out all the amazing benefits of turmeric in this article. (Turmeric currently only available at our Portsmouth locations), Available tomorrow! #turmeric #lemon #healthbenefits, Our chef can't stop creating new things with pumpkin! This weekend's creation is cinnamon & sugar spiced banana chips with homemade pumpkin butter for dipping.  A delicious snack that is perfect for a fall afternoon!, "Naachooooooo!!!"  This salad was inspired by the great Nacho Libre.  Organic veggies with roasted corn nuts and homemade vegan spicy nacho cheese sauce. (Available at Pease & Boston), NEW turmeric lemon shots available in both Portsmouth locations!  Turmeric is an extremely potent natural anti-inflammatory.  Studies have found it to prevent cancer and Alzheimer's disease and alleviate arthritis.  Enjoy a shot today!, ToGo menu this week: NEW Vegan Nacho Salad with organic tempeh, roasted corn nuts & vegan nacho cheez sauce; Kale Lemon Tahini Salad, Cranberry Chickpea Pecan Salad, Moroccan Spiced Quinoa Salad, and Chocolate Chia Pudding., It's pumpkin season!  Enjoy this seasonal flavor in our gluten free pumpkin chocolate chip bars (Bars only available at Pease & Boston locations) and look for it this weekend in our NEW pumpkin pie chia pudding., Happy National Kale Day!!  Celebrate today with either a Kale Storm, Green Light, Green Juice or Kale Salad. Or simply add kale to any smoothie or juice to honor this nutrient dense veggie!, Our sister location #mainesqueeze in Kittery is looking to hire a store manager! #nowhiring #kittery #maine #juice #smoothies 

Apply here--> http://mainesqueezejuicecafe.com/careers/, ToGo food menu this week includes: raspberry chia mousse, marinated chickpea & artichoke salad, organic orzo & spinach salad, Mexican tempeh salad, organic soba noodles & tofu, and curried kale salad., Do you want to eat healthy but not have to cook or clean?  Then try out The Juicery's new plant based meal program.  Enjoy 5 days of pre-planned breakfast, lunch and snack foods designed to be nutritious and delicious for you. Contact Stacey at thejuicerycleanse@gmail.com for more info., Interested in learning how to create delicious and beautiful raw foods like this "land and sea" dish that our chef Stacey assembled during her recent raw foods training?  Then stay tuned for upcoming classes at The Juicery!  For more information about the training she attended visit www.alissacohen.com, Today The Soupery opened its newest location at Pease International Tradeport. Come check out our cafe on the first floor of 100 International Drive! Open 7-3 Monday-Friday., ToGo Menu this Week: kale & cranberry salad, Asian quinoa, 3 bean salad, Mediterranean chickpea, soba noodle & tofu, Mexican tempeh and chocolate chia pudding., Enjoy your smoothie with a view! #repost, Knock that cold out! Get some ginger in your smoothie or juice! 👊 👋 #immuneboost #circulation #antiinflammatory #immunity, Have you tried our Vegan Kale Caesar Salad made with organic kale, "rawmesan cheeze", organic chickpeas and sunflower seeds?, ToGo food menu this week: organic soba noodles & tofu, Mexican tempeh salad, vegan kale ceasar, edamame tabouleh, cranberry pecan chickpea salad, and mango ginger chia pudding., This seems like a great idea for today! #saturday #munchies #healthy #acaibowl #repost, Did you know that our new ToGo foods line and vegan snacks are made from scratch with love in our Pease kitchen?  Say hi to Executive Chef Stacey and Sous Chef Rachel next time your in!, #FBF to our old location! ♻️ #landfill #compost #recycle #lovetheearth, The Juicery's Chef, Stacey Hamblett, is excited to be attending Alissa Cohen's Raw Food Teacher Training so that she can share the benefits of raw food with The Juicery community.  If anyone wants to join her in this 4 day training, there is 1 spot left!  Visit www.rawteacher.com for more information., Have you tried our Macaroons?! We have different flavors- all delicious! #vegan #glutenfree #togo #healthy, The Juicery chefs had fun presenting our raw fudgy brownies with vegan raspberry cashew cream at Vintage & Vine on Saturday.  It was a lovely day and full of great food and drink!, This week try our new organic orzo salad with org spinach, org tomatoes, parsley, roasted peppers, and a balsamic paprika drizzle. Made from scratch at our Pease kitchen!, What's your favorite juice?!, Weekend special at our downtown Portsmouth location: cold pressed watermelon mint beet and lime juice! Come and enjoy the last tastes of summer!, How about this for lunch today?! 🍴😍 #thejuicery #repost @hungryharri, Weekend ToGo food menu: Mexican Tempeh Salad, Vegan Kale Caesar, Roasted Root & Bean Salad, Asian Quinoa in Peanut Sauce, Chocolate Chia Pudding, & Miso Ginger Rice Bowls!, Wake up this Wednesday with our organic cold brew coffee at our Pease location! #coldbrew #organic #coffee, ToGo food Menu this week: NEW vegan nacho salad with roasted corn nuts (Boston/Pease only), organic soba noodles & baked tofu, raspberry chia pudding, Greek style organic orzo salad, nutty kale salad, & curried organic chickpea salad., Join The Juicery and many other seacoast restaurants on September 12 at Strawberry Bank's Annual Fundraising event Vintage & Vine. This lovely event allows guests to taste hundreds of wines alongside delicious food creations from local chefs., Double the yum! #açaibowl #açai #repost @sarahbaginski, Have you tried our gluten free & vegan raspberry oat squares?  We even make the raspberry jam from scratch with only raspberries, chia, organic agave, and vanilla. Enjoy one today!, null, ToGo Food Weekend Menu: NEW red quinoa, black bean & roasted pepper salad; soba noodle & tofu, Mexican tempeh salad (Boston/Pease), kale & cranberry salad, Asian quinoa, and Mediterranean chickpea., Can you guess which smoothie this is?! We will choose the winner from everyone who answers correctly in the comments! Winner gets a free smoothie! #thirstythursday #trivia #freesmoothie #winners, "NOTHIN' SOFT ABOUT JUICE!", Need a boost today?! Try our Sonic Boom smoothie! #sonicboom #strawberry #banana #matcha #matchagreentea #energy, ToGo Food Menu this week includes: soba noodles w/baked tofu, Mexican tempeh salad, Mediterranean chickpeas salad, curry kale salad, Moroccan quinoa salad, mango ginger chia pudding and NEW Organic 3 Bean Salad with Ginger Vinaigrette & Pumpkin Seeds., Get minty fresh this Monday! #mint #juice #wakeup #monday, Have you tried our delicious to go food? Healthy never tasted so good! #healthy #snack #lunch #vegan #vegetarian #glutenfree, Take your juice for a walk! Where are you going today?! #juice #smoothie #exercise #walks, We're looking for enthusiastic, hard-working, positive people! Follow the link in our previous post to apply!, Calling all juicers!, Which do you prefer in your smoothie or juice- kale or spinach?! #kale #spinach #greens #juice #smoothie, Which juice will you be getting today?!, Flash Back Friday: One of our cutest customers enjoying a popsicle on Market Square Day! #fbf, Remember this? #Prana, We're halfway through the week! Power through the rest with a Wheatgrass Shot! #wheatgrass #wheatgrasswednesday, What are you guys having for lunch?! #thejuicery #healthy #lunch #vegan #wraps, 😍🍎, It's a good day for a book, a smoothie & sunshine! 📖🍓☀️ #repost, Go bananas at The Juicery! #potassium #vitaminc #fiber, We love your pics of our Açai Bowls! #repost #acaibowl, Vegan nachos only at our Pease location for a limited time! Get 'em while they last! #vegan #nachos, Our Mexican Tempeh Salad is a zesty and delicious meal! #tempeh #mexican #salad, Taste the refreshment of the Spring Splash! #juice #mint #orange #ginger #carrot #apple, Cheers to our Pease location! Did you know you can sit outside in this nice area to enjoy your smoothie or food? It even has two mini waterfalls! #pease #relaxation #enjoy, Enjoy your Sunday with a delicious, fresh squeezed Sunrise Squeeze! #sundayfunday #juice #ginger #beets #carrots #orange, Why have parsley?! We'll tell you! #healthbenefits #parsley, Thanks for the shout out in Boston! Bootstrap Compost you guys rock!, We have a new organic nitro cold brewed coffee on tap at our Pease location! Try adding it to the Peanut Butter Bliss! #organic #java #coffee, Congratulations to our August Community Wellness Winners: Dan LaGrange won a 5 class pass to PortRyde Cycling Center; Maren Bhagat, Laurie Harrigan, Michelle Blanchette, Annie Wagoner, and Melissa Clark each won a free class to PortRyde Cycling Center.  Thanks to PortRyde for offering this to The Juicery customers!!, Today is a good day to add Chia Seeds to your juice or smoothie! #healthbenefits #chia #chiaseeds, Grab yourself a Green Juice today! 🌱 #upcloseandpersonal #greenjuice #drinkyourveggies #healthy #juice, Today is a good day for a Big Fresh Salad! #fresh #healthy #delicious, Have a smoothie or fresh juice with beets and reap the benefits! #detox #antioxidants #nitrates #liverprotector, You haven't lived until you've had a smoothie and a wrap from The Juicery! #healthylunch #lunch #vegan #healthfood, Today is the last day to ENTER to WIN free classes from PortRyde Indoor Cycling Studio.  Stop by either Juicery location in Portsmouth to submit your entry ticket.  Good luck!, Grab a Tangy Tonic & enjoy the delicious, fresh grapefruit! #vitaminc #immuneboost #metabolism #reducestress #healthbenefits #grapefruit, Today is a great day for a Green Juice! #greenjuice #kale #cucumber #celery #parsley, Have you tried any of our delicious & nutritious to go food?! Don't miss out! #nutritional #highquality #quickfood #foodfast #healthy #glutenfree #vegan, Feeling lazy and need a boost? Try a wheatgrass shot! #wheatgrass #organic #naturalenergy, Come grab a smoothie to complete your Sunday! #sundaze #smoothiesunday, Pick up an energy boosting smoothie at The Juicery then head over to PortRyde, our July Community Wellness Sponsor, for a discounted indoor cycling class.  And don't forget to ENTER to WIN free classes from PortRyde! Winner will be chosen in August., Go on an adventure with our Trail Power Mix today! #trailmix #powermix #vegan #glutenfree #healthysnacks, Our Pease location has fresh baked muffins daily! Try our gluten free, vegan banana nut muffins! #freshmade #bakedgoods #vegan #glutenfree #muffins, Red cabbage is packed with all these benefits and more! Find it in our delicious vegan wraps & salads! #redcabbage #healthbenefits #lunch #vegan #ornot #stilldelish, Come sample new locally made organic cold brew coffee at our Pease location today!, We love giving our customers healthy and nourishing food and drink options ☺️ #healthybody #healthymind #treatyoself, Stock up on our smoothies, to go foods, and goodies at The Juicery! #trailmix #mexicansalad #smoothie #apple #kalechips, Stop by either Portsmouth location for a healthy treat and ENTER to WIN a 5 Class Pass or one of 5 FREE classes to PortRyde Indoor Cycling Center.  Also during the month of July Juicery customers receive a discount on classes.  See stores for details!, Add The Good Dr's Greens to your smoothie today! #supplements #nutrition #greens, The Juicery has just been accepted to present at Strawberry Bank's Vintage & Vine fundraising event in September!  Stay tuned for what delicious goodies will be on the tasting menu..., Have a Triple-A juice today! #immuneboost #freshjuice, It's a beautiful day at The Juicery!😊 #fruit #art, Get your spinach on! #healthbenefits #spinach #popeye, Have a Nori Roll for lunch today at our Hanover Street location! #glutenfree #noriroll #vegan #portsmouth #nh #healthylunch, THE JUICERY HAS PARTNERED WITH PortRyde CYCLING STUDIO THIS JULY TO OFFER CUSTOMERS A CHANCE TO WIN
A 5-CLASS PUNCH CARD or 1 OF 5 FREE CLASSES.

ALSO - DURING THE MONTH OF JULY, ALL JUICERY CUSTOMERS WILL RECEIVE A $3 DISCOUNT ON CLASSES.  

FUEL UP ON JUICERY FOOD THEN BIKE YOUR BUTT OFF AT PORTRYDE!, Our house made, high quality granola bars are the most delicious way to snack! #granola #housemade #healthysnacks #glutenfree #vegan, It's a lovely day for a Kale Storm #green #greensmoothies #greens #drinkyourgreens, Our Acai Bowls are the perfect start to your day! #acai #acaiberry #acaibowl #breakfast, Let's talk about celery health benefits! You have a lot to gain by adding celery to your juice! #folicacid #calcium #potassium #vitaminb #vitaminc, Stop by our Hanover St location for a healthy & delicious lunch! #thai #vegan #portsmouth #nh, You never know how many delicious things you'll leave The Juicery with! #togofood #healthysnacks #chiapudding #parfait, Need a boost this Monday morning? Have a Jungle Juice! #spinach #cucumber #celery #apple #parsley #bloodflow #calcium #iron, Who doesn't love this combination?! Have a healthy frozen treat today! #bananas #chocolate #healthytreats, During the month of July stop by either Portsmouth Juicery and ENTER to WIN a 5 Class Punch Card OR One of 5 Free Class Passes to PortRyde Cycling Studio in Portsmouth.  Also Juicery customers will receive a discount on cycling classes in July.  See details at The Juicery and bike your butt off at PortRyde!, Happy Independence Day!! The Juicery team wishes you a safe and healthy holiday weekend!, null, Let's talk raspberries! Did you know they have these health benefits?! #healthbenefits #health #raspberries, Did you know we make all of our dressings?! Like our delicious Creamy Dill dressing! #creamydill #housemade #behealthy #behappy, Come lounge out at our Pease location with your favorite smoothie or juice! #thejuicery #wednesdays, Packed with baked season tempeh, red cabbage, red onions, carrots, and sprouts, and your choice of creamy dill or soy mayo dressing, our #Indonesian is a great lunch choice! #portsmouth #healthylunch #behappy #behealthy, We compost at The Juicery! And all or our cups, lids, and straws are compostable, too! #compost #reducewaste #lovetheearth, Have you tried our Omega-3 Sensation Smoothie? It's delicious and beneficial to your health! Available at our Hanover St location!, We offer a variety of different juices so there is something for everybody! #drinktherainbow, We are all about carrots at The Juicery! Enjoy the delicious health benefits they have to offer! #skin #digestion #hearthealthy #liver #eyes #teeth, Treat your body to a healthy meal from The Juicery and then head over to Seacoast Orthopedic Massage with your receipt for a discount on a massage! (Offer lasts only during the month of June) Don't forget to hydrate after your massage with a Lemon Zinger or Jungle Juice., We love Hemp Protein because it gives that extra protein boost while also providing other benefits!#omega3s #fiber, Did you know cucumbers have these health benefits and more?! #healthbenefits #cucumbers, Have you tried our house made to go snacks?! Including things like Vanilla Almond Macaroons ☺️😍 #naturallydelicious #healthysnacks #snackbetter, Pair a smoothie with a shot of wheatgrass today to start your Sunday off right! #thejuicery #wheatgrass #smoothielife, Today is a great day for a block party! Visit our sister company, Maine Squeeze Juice Cafe at the Kittery Block Party! 7 Wallingford Square!, Join our friends at CrossFit Bona Fide for their open house tomorrow and you could win one of two gift certificates to The Juicery!, Thank you guys for all of the amazing photos you take of our #thejuicery drinks! We love our customers!, Weekend ToGo food menu: cranberry pecan chickpea salad, organic edamame tabouleh, curried kale salad, Mediterranean chickpea salad (Boston/Pease try it as a meal with Romaine & Feta), organic soba noodles & tamari baked tofu, and chocolate chia pudding!, Add flaxseed oil to your smoothie today! Improve your heart, skin and joints!, Treat your body to a healthy meal from The Juicery and then head over to Seacoast Orthopedic Massage with your receipt for a discount on a massage!  (Offer lasts only during the month of June) Don't forget to hydrate after your massage with a Lemon Zinger or Jungle Juice., It's the perfect time for one of our delicious Acai Bowls! Start your day with a bang!, Let's talk health benefits! Apples include all of the following and more! 🍏 #anappleaday #behappy #behealthy, Grab a delicious Very Berry Smoothie today! The perfect mix of strawberry, blueberry, raspberry, banana and apple juice!, Thanks to Jeffrey Kisiel for this photo!  We are getting ready for Market Square Day and will have juices, popsicles, granola bars and more! Hope to see you there!, It's a lovely day for a juice, smoothie or delicious meal!, Pre summer activities got your muscles sore?  Well stop by The Juicery for an anti-inflammatory ginger shot and bring your receipt to Seacoast Orthopedic Massage for a discount on a massage this month! (See Portsmouth store locations for details!), Next time you're in Boston stop by and say hi! 
66A Cross Street. Boston, MA 02113, Only 2 spots left for the LAST 3 Day Juice & Meal Cleanse of the summer on June 9-11.  Registration ends Sunday at 8am., Congratulations to Lisa Demaine for winning the May Community Wellness Promo with CrossFit Bona Fide!!  We hope you enjoy your month of fitness with this amazing team.  And don't forget a protein packed smoothie or energy filled green juice from The Juicery to keep your body fueled for action!, Try our chef's new Vegan Kale Caesar Salad topped with "rawmesan cheese", Vegan Vanilla Berry Chia Parfaits are available at the Pease location only on Tuesdays - Fridays.  Enjoy one today!, June Community Wellness Promo: Massage Discounts!!! THE JUICERY HAS PARTNERED WITH SEACOAST ORTHOPEDIC MASSAGE TO OFFER JUICERY CUSTOMERS A 15% DISCOUNT ON A 45 MINUTE MASSAGE DURING THE MONTH OF JUNE.  Valid only when accompanied by a Juicery receipt dated June 2015.  For new customers only.  Must schedule appointment., null, ToGo food menu this week: Mexican Tempeh Salad, Soba Noodles, Kale Tahini Salad, Curried Chickpea Salad, Minty Black Bean Quinoa and Chocolate Chia Mousse., Have you visited The Juicery's new location at Pease International Tradeport?  We are located in the food court at 14 Manchester Square and are open Monday-Friday 7am-3pm. Along with our smoothies, juices, acai bowls, and shots we offer freshly made Grab-n-Go food!, Give the gift of health this summer to recent grads or newlyweds with a gift certificate from The Juicery!, The Juicery 3 Day Juice & Meal Cleanse will be taking a summer vacation!  The last cleanse before fall is June 9-11.  Register now to prep your beautiful body for the beautiful weather!
https://www.eventbrite.com/e/3-day-juice-meal-cleanse-tickets-15288294701, The Juicery has partnered with CrossFit Bona Fide to offer our customers a chance to WIN a month's membership to their gym!  The raffle ends on Sunday night so stop by this weekend for a healthy treat and your chance to win!, Have you tried our chef's vegan and gluten free snacks?  Choose from vanilla or chocolate macaroons, raw fudgy brownies, coconut almond bars, granola bars, or an energy packed trail mix., On the ToGo foods menu this week: Kale & Cranberry Salad, Mediterranean Chickpea Salad, Moroccan Quinoa, Soba Noodles & Baked Tofu, Raspberry Chia Pudding.  At Pease and Boston we also have the Mexican Tempeh Salad with Cumin Lime Vinaigrette., The last 3 Day Juice & Meal Cleanse of the summer is June 9-11. Spots are limited so register now!, Big shout out to Eastern Propane's sales team! Happy to be apart of your group exercise!, Have you tried one of our house made delicious Granola Bars?  Made with gluten free oats, walnuts, coconut, sunflower seeds and a shot of Siberian Ginseng to keep you energized all day!, null, Healthy food + fun excercise = An awesome you!  Stop by The Juicery before May 31 for some healthy food and ENTER to WIN a month of fun exercise at CrossFit Bona Fide in Portsmouth!, What delicious and nutritious food will you choose for lunch today?, Our May community wellness partner, CrossFit Bona Fide in Portsmouth, NH, has generously offered a raffle to WIN a month membership at their facility! Stop by either Portsmouth Juicery location and ENTER to WIN!, Local expert food critic, Mr. Liam, visits The Juicery at Pease to try our house baked Granola Bar.   Results: not even a crumb was left. Props again to our culinary team!!, ToGo foods today include a new Fennel Slaw w/Mint Vinaigrette and a Minty Organic Black Bean Quinoa. Also try our Organic Beet & Carrot Salad, Mediterranean Chickpea Salad, Organic Kale & Cranberry Salad, Soba Noodles with Baked Tofu or Raspberry Coconut Chia Mousse., Spend the day celebrating your wonderful mothers., Look at this article on the real reasons juice cleanses can get your health back on track! “, Check out all of our different locations!, Try out our sister stores the Maine Squeeze in Portland, Maine!, Hey Ladies!  Celebrate beauty and wellness Saturday night at this special event being offered by the YMCA on Peverly Hill Rd in Portsmouth.  Along with the spa like atmosphere and wellness activities there will be a raffle for some amazing prizes such as a gift certificate to The Juicery!, This weekend's To Go foods made by our in house chef will be: curried chickpea salad, Moroccan quinoa salad, tempeh salad with spicy peanut sauce, carrot raisin salad, kale salad with tahini, raspberry chia pudding and a NEW greek style couscous salad!, Our May community wellness partner, CrossFit Bona Fide in Portsmouth, NH, has generously offered a raffle to WIN a month membership at their facility!  Stop by either Portsmouth Juicery location and ENTER to WIN!, Don’t know what to choose? Gift cards are available in store and online, they make the perfect gift for mother's day! (which is this Sunday by the way), Come down to our Pease location at 14 Manchester Square, Portsmouth NH! We will give any student 20% off their purchases of juices and smoothies until May 15th! 

We are open Monday - Friday, 7am - 3pm with a convenient parking lot next to our building for easy access! Don't forget to bring your student ID's!, Have you ever wondered about flaxseed oil? Flaxseed oil aids in improving your heart, skin and joints. It can also help fight disease and depression. Check out the other nutritional supplements used in the Juicery’s drinks on our website., null, The ToGo foods menu today and tomorrow will be: Mediterranean chickpea salad, curried kale salad, quinoa & edamame tabouleh, Mexican tempeh salad with cumin lime vin, soba noodles & baked tofu, and chocolate chia pudding., Did you know the Juicery has an acai bowl? You can read all about acai bowls in this article. It also lists some recipes you can try out!, Spring has finally sprung. Come on in and try our all natural smoothies!, Need an energy pick me up that’s full of all natural ingredients? Try our Acai Energy drink at the Juicery., The Juicery of Portsmouth and Kittery Maine Squeeze are honored to support the 13th Annual Karma Cleanse to benefit Share Our Strength and SATYA. Learn more and join at the Pre Karma Cleanse Meeting this Sunday at 4pm at Yoga East., You know how the saying goes, so be healthy and come in and try one of our wheatgrass shots!, Spring specials in our ToGo foods section this weekend include Quinoa Black Bean Salad with Mint, Fennel & Radish; and a lovely Fennel Slaw with Mint Vinaigrette!  Also try our new Asian Tempeh Salad with Spicy Peanut Dressing., The Portsmouth farmer’s market opens May 2nd. Check  out the details on their Facebook page., Tomorrow is the last day we’re doing our 10% discount when you check-in on Facebook while you’re at one of our locations. Simply present your phone at the time or purchase and get 10% off., NOW OPEN FOR THE SEASON! Have you had a chance to check out our sister business  Maine Squeeze Juice Cafe in Kittery? They are open daily in Wallingford Square from 7-5!, Wondering what all the hype is about our wheatgrass shots? Check out this helpful article it lists 50 different benefits to wheatgrass shots, clearly we’re not the only ones that love them!, Share your juice selfie with us and you may win a $25 gift card!, Our juice cleanse for this Monday is all full, our next cleanse starts May 19th! Sign up now, spots fill up quickly., Stop in any one our locations this month and check-in on Facebook and get a 10% discount instantly!, The Juicery and Maine Squeeze are honored to support the 13th Annual Karma Cleanse to benefit Share Our Strength and SATYA.  The first workshop is this Sunday from 11am-12:30pm at Green Lotus Yoga in Dover., If you stopped by the Seacoast Small Business Day event at UNH yesterday don’t forget to use your coupon, they are 
redeemable at our Pease location! Or check-in on Facebook at one of our other locations and receive 10% off your purchase!, Join us today in the court yard by the Peter T. Paul College with the UNH Marketing and Advertising Club! We’ll be offering free 
samples of our most popular juice blends as well as discount cards while supplies last., Over 100 people entered our 1 year Juice Cleanse anniversary raffle and the winner is....Meghan Fornataro!!  Congratulations Meghan!!, Happy 1 Year Anniversary of The Juicery 3 Day Juice & Meal Cleanse program!!  Thanks to all of you who participated and continue to do so!, Happy Earth Day!, Come try some complementary juices of ours from 11:00:am-2:00 pm Thursday at the Peter T, Paul College at UNH. We will also be 
handing out discount cards while supplies last!, The ToGo Food menu this week includes a delicious coconut almond kale salad, quinoa salad with spicy peanut sauce, marinated chickpea & artichoke salad, soba noodle bowl, raspberry chia pudding and more!, Have you taken the opportunity to Enter to WIN a 3 Day Juice & Meal Cleanse with The Juicery?  We are offering this raffle for two more days in honor of our 1 year anniversary of offering cleanse programs!  Winner will be announced on April 22!!, At all locations the coolers will be stocked for lunch today with our healthy, delicious, chef made ToGo foods! On the menu: soba noodles & baked tofu, mexican tempeh salad, curry kale salad, morroccan quinoa, creamy chickpea cranberry pecan salad, and choc chia mousse., Less than a week to go until The Juicery Cleanse official one year anniversary! Visit either Portsmouth location by April 21 and enter to WIN a 3 Day Juice & Meal cleanse in honor of our anniversary. Winner will be chosen on April 22!  Next cleanse is April 28-30., Embrace this beautiful weather with a lunch packed full of veggies! Have you tried our nori roll? Available only at our downtown Portsmouth location! ☀️, Love getting great deals and knowing that your purchase benefits others?!  Then check out the Amy in Bloom Auction on Sunday, April 12 to benefit the patients of the Seacoast Cancer Center of NH.  The Juicery has donated a 3 Day Juice & Meal Cleanse and there are many other amazing auction items available!, Please note that our ToGo foods menu will be limited during April 9 - 16 as our head chef will be on vacation.  There will still be your beloved Soba Noodle bowls, chia puddings, bean salads and more available but they may qo quick!  We apologize for any inconvenience this may cause., http://www.juicery.com/careers/, Two more weeks to go until The Juicery Cleanse official one year anniversary! Visit either Portsmouth location by April 21 and enter to WIN a 3 Day Juice & Meal cleanse in honor of our anniversary.  Winner will be chosen on April 22!, Happy Easter from the Juicery Team! Check out the Easter flowers we received from one of our cherished regulars today! 🐰😃 We'll be open for your smoothie fix until 5pm tonight., Can you believe it has been almost 1 year that The Juicery in Portsmouth has been providing 3 Day Juice & Meal Cleanses?!!  In honor of this we will be offering a raffle to WIN one 3 Day Cleanse (date of winners choice)!  Winner will be chosen on April 22, our 1 year cleanse anni AND Earth Day., "Sun is shining, the juices are sweet, yeah.  Make you wanna move your dancing feet now.  To the rescue, here smoothies are.  Want you to come visit yeah, your favorite Juice/Smoothie bar!"  - Juicery version of Bob Marley's Sun is Shining :), null, Tomorrow is the last day to take advantage of an awesome deal from  Shannon Chiropractic Clinic and The Juicery!  Make a purchase from either Portsmouth location by Mar. 31, bring that receipt to the clinic during the month of April, receive a Chiropractic consultation, exam and 2 Chiropractic adjustments for only $30! (New patients only with a scheduled appt.)  Thanks to Shannon Chiropractic Clinic for being The Juicery's March community wellness partner and offering this amazing deal!!, Only a few spots left for our 3 day Juice & Meals Cleanse. March 31-April 2. Registration ends Sunday morning at 8am so don't miss out!   www.juicery.com/juice-cleanse/, Only a few spots left for the Tuesday, March 31 - Thursday, April 2 Juice & Meals Cleanse! Registration ends Sunday morning at 8am so don't miss out!, Upcoming New England VegFest is in Worcester, MA on
Sunday, April 26!!  This is a fun and free festival that celebrates vegetarianism., Expert food critic Mr. Liam recently taste tasted our Soba Noodles with Baked Tofu. The results: "These noodles are pretty good!" "I love this tofu!".  Yay! This makes our chef very happy!, The Juicery and Shannon Chiropractic Clinic are offering you an amazing deal! Make a purchase from The Juicery during March and bring that receipt to Shannon Chiropractic Clinic during the months of Mar. or April and receive a Chiropractic consultation, exam and 2 Chiropractic adjustments for only $30! New patients only with a scheduled appt. Let us help make you the healthiest you can be!!, Great article about our expansion to the Northend of Boston!, The Juicery is also hiring for our Kittery, Maine Squeeze Juice Cafe location! We're looking for high energy people with a passion for healthy food to join our team! If interested please send resume and cover letter to meaghan@juicery.com, null, null, null, Happy St. Patrick's Day!!  GO GREEN with The Juicery and spot the lucky Pot O' Gold at any location today and receive 50% OFF any GREEN SMOOTHIE!! *Must also mention this post*, St. Patricks Day SPECIAL!! Spot the lucky Pot O' Gold hiding in all Juicery locations tomorrow and receive 50% OFF any GREEN SMOOTHIE. *Must mention this post*, The Juicery is hiring! We are looking for candidates to fill positions in our Portsmouth and Boston locations. Please send resumes and a short blurb about yourself to portsmouthjuicery@gmail.com, For those of you who missed the registration date for the March 10 cleanse please join us for the March 31- April 2 cleanse.  It is filling up quickly!, JOIN OUR JUICE CLEANSE THIS TUESDAY!!!, Our next 3 Day Juice & Meals Cleanse is Tuesday, March 10 - Thursday, March 12.  Take this time to nourish your body and get ready for Spring.  Registration ends Sunday at 8am so don't miss out!, Winter shoveling got your back all out of whack?  Luckily The Juicery has partnered with Shannon Chiropractic Clinic this month to offer you a special wellness deal! Make a purchase at The Juicery during Mar. and bring your receipt to Shannon Chiropractic for a consultation, exam and TWO adjustments for only $30.  (New patients only!) Get your back feeling well again and ready for some spring fun!!, This is too funny!, Bagels have arrived at Pease!  Stop by tomorrow morning and order your choice of a toasted Organic Sprouted Wheat Sesame or Gluten Free Cinnamon Raisin bagel.  Toppings include all natural peanut butter, almond butter, French strawberry jam or homemade organic honey butter.  A nice addition to your morning smoothie or juice.  We'll TOAST to that!!, There is talk of organic and gluten free bagels coming to The Juicery at Pease.  Hmmmm...Stay tuned!, The Juicery and Shannon Chiropractic Clinic have teamed up for the March Community Wellness Promotion to give you an amazing deal! Make a purchase from The Juicery during Mar. and bring that receipt to Shannon Chiropractic Clinic at Pease during the months of Mar. or April and receive a Chiropractic consultation, exam and 2 Chiropractic adjustments for only $30! New patients only with a scheduled appt. What a deal! Let us help make you the healthiest you can be!!, null, Thanks to all of you who purchased a Prana Smoothie in February to help The Juicery raise $$ to donate to the Yoga Mala fundraiser! We donated over $200, along with gift certificates to the top fundraisers, and coupons to all the participants.  What an amazing community we have! In gratitude to you all for your support!!, Guess how many free smoothies we gave away last month!, Drink your veggies and have a ROCKIN day!!, Ready for a "winter detox and get ready for spring" cleanse?  Then join our next 3 Day Juice & Meals Cleanse on March 10-12!!, Good morning winter sunshine....good morning liquid sunshine!!!, Try our new Nutty Kale salad made with organic kale, carrots, peppers and almonds. Dressing is creamy coconut almond. A perfect blend of salty and sweet! Available at all locations today., Only a few more days left to help The Juicery raise funds for the Yoga Mala fundraiser.  Purchase a Prana Smoothie during February and a portion of the proceeds will be donated to the Mala event. Smoothie Love = Community Love!, Come visit us at our Pease location tomorrow morning for your choice of Apple Ginger Walnut or Lemon Poppyseed muffins to go along with your smoothie or juice.  Both are gluten free too!, For those of you interested in eating more plant based proteins, here is a quick article on them.  These delicious protein sources can be found in our smoothies, food, snacks and some can be added to juices!, null, null, null, Nom, nom, nom....organic soba noodles with fresh baked organic tofu.  Made with love in The Juicery kitchen and available at all locations today!, Our chef is teaching a 6 week Plant Based cooking class at the Kittery Community Center starting in March.  Join her and learn the basics of plant based cooking, plant powered proteins, smoothies/juices and healthy breakfast options, quick and inexpensive meals, raw food recipes, and guilt free desserts.  Registration is through Kittery Community Center., null, Thought you might find this funny.... Tell us what kind of smoothie you are!, null, Prana Love = Community Love.  Purchase a Prana Smoothie at either Portsmouth location this month and a portion of the proceeds will go to the Yoga Mala fundraising campaign, benefiting 3 local non-profits!  Come on in and show us the LOVE!!, The Juicery in downtown Portsmouth will be closed today, Sunday the 15th due to the snow storm. Sorry for any inconvenience! We will be open regular hours Monday!, Tonight is the last chance to register for the 3 Day Juice & Meals Cleanse that runs Tuesday, Feb. 17 - Thursday, Feb. 19., Valentine's day is almost here, but don't worry The Juicery at Pease has got you covered. These cute boxes are filled with raw/vegan/gf chocolate macaroons. We also have vegan chocolate covered strawberries and raw fudge brownies. Love that!, Have you stopped by for a Prana smoothie yet?  This month a portion of all Portsmouth Prana sales will be donated to the Seacoast Yoga Mala fundraiser that takes place on March 1.  Drink a Prana and help us raise money!, Need a work break? Come get a fresh baked raspberry chia oat square at our Pease location. Vegan and gluten free, but pure delicious!, Portsmouth locations are fully stocked with delicious Grab N Go vegan foods.  Boston will have a fresh batch in time for lunch tomorrow.  Come and get YUM!, Our next 3 Day Juice and Meal cleanse is in just one week.  Sign up now for the Tues, Feb. 17 - Thurs, Feb. 19 cleanse and show your body the love., The Juicery at Pease is closed for lunch today.  We apologize for this., And the winner of our Jan. Community Wellness Promotion for two health coaching sessions with Core Nourishment is Jeffrey Page. Congratulations Jeffrey!  Many thanks to Annie Wagoner of Core Nourishment for this wonderful gift!!, Vegan blondies are at downtown Portsmouth location and the Soupery today. They will make your snowy day sunny again., A customer kindly snapped a photo of The Juicery on their morning stroll to get a smoothie on Monday.  Looks like a winter wonderland!, The Juicery in Portsmouth is happy to support the Seacoast Yoga Mala Fundraising event this year!  For the entire month of February, purchase a PRANA smoothie and a portion of the proceeds will be donated to the event.  The Seacoast Yoga Mala raises funds for Seacoast Eat Local SNAP, Community Action Partnership and Corporation, and SATYA (Seacoast Area Teachers of Yoga in Action).  Please stop by either Portsmouth location this month, enjoy a Prana smoothie and support your community!, Thought this was funny and appropriate for today!, The Juicery at Pease will be closed today due to the weather.  Stay safe., Join our Chef and Cleanse Coach Stacey, along with a talented line up of women's health professionals at the annual Women's Health Conference on Sunday, February 8 at Blue Moon Evolution in Exeter. Take a day to reflect upon your balance, your health, and your happiness. Register now!, Last couple of days to ENTER to WIN two health coaching sessions with Annie Wagoner of Core Nourishment.  Stop by either Portsmouth Juicery location for an organic juice, smoothie or delicious lunch and register to win!  Contest ends Jan. 31., As the 3 Day Juice and Meals Cleanse has been rescheduled due to the storm this week, there will be a few spots available.  New date is Wed, Feb. 4 - Fri, Feb. 6.  You can register online for this cleanse., Urgent Notice: The Wed, Jan. 28 - Fri, Jan, 30 cleanse has been postponed to next Wed, Feb. 4- Fri, Feb. 6 due to the weather.  We apologize for any inconvenience., Due to the weather, all of our locations will be closed tomorrow! Stay safe & warm!, Last day to register for the Wed, Jan 28 - Fri, Jan 30 Juice and Meals Cleanse! Next cleanse will be in late February., The Juicery is honored to support and promote Annie Wagoner of Core Nourishment this month as our community wellness partner.  Visit either Portsmouth Juicery location and ENTER to WIN two HEALTH COACHING sessions with Annie.  The Juicery provides you with nourishing foods and a health coach will provide you with the tools to a nourished life.  Cheers to that!, null, Look for me at pease Juicery tomorrow. I am vegan vanilla chia pudding with layers of berries and granola. And I am some serious yummy for your tummy., Only one week left to register for the Wed. Jan 28 - Fri. Jan 30 Three Day Juice and Meals Cleanse.  Kick start the new year to a new you with The Juicery Cleanse!, True that.  Never heard anyone say this before!, Make this the year you commit to your health.  Visit either Portsmouth Juicery location and ENTER TO WIN a breakthrough AND follow up health coaching session with Annie Wagoner of Core Nourishment.  Contest ends January 31!, New granola bar of the week: Pumpkin Spice.  Made with pumpkin, flax seeds, pumpkin seeds and warm spices it is an excellent immune boosting bar.  It can be found at all locations including the Maine Squeeze Juice Cafe.  Try one and tell me what you think!, First Juice & Meal Cleanse of 2015 starts tomorrow.  Good luck cleansers!! 
Did you miss this one?  We have space available for the Wed - Fri, Jan 28-30 cleanse but it is sure to fill up soon.  Register now!, It's cold outside!  Warm yourself up with a ginger or cayenne shot. Or simply add cayenne to any juice or smoothie and feel the warmth flow through your body!, null, This month The Juicery Community Wellness Partner is  Annie Wagoner of Core Nourishment in Dover.  She has generously offered us a raffle prize to win a Breakthrough Health Coaching and Follow Up Session with her.  You must visit either Portsmouth Juicery location and fill out a raffle ticket to win.  Contest ends January 31.  Start your new year to a new you with health coaching from Annie!, New year, new you!  Jump start your way to healthy eating and join us for a 3 day juice & meals cleanse.  Registration is filling up quickly for the Jan 12-14, but space is still available for Jan 28-30.  Happy New Year!!!, We have been getting a lot of questions lately about how athletes can transition to a Vegan/Vegetarian Diet.  Here are some of our favorite web resources for info, recipes and more: nomeatathlete.com, vrg.org/athlete, and brendanbrazier.com.  Also here is a great article written by Brendan Brazier vegparadise.com/otherbirds510.html.  Have more questions?  Contact our wellness educator, Stacey, at thejuicerycleanse@gmail.com and she'll be happy to help!, Do you have the sniffles? Get healthy for New Years with a cold-killing juice! Lemon, Apple, orange, EXTRA ginger and spicy cayenne. #peasejuicery, Got carrots?, Feeling stuffed from all the holiday eating and ready for a cleanse?  Join us in the new year for our 3 Day Juice & Meals Cleanse.  Choose from Mon - Wed Jan. 12-15 or Wed - Fri Jan. 28-30. A great way to start the year off right!, It may not be snowing, but that doesn't stop the fun at The Juicery! Stop in and see us today, we'll be here until 4, happy holidays!, Happy Holidays!, Juicery Gift Cards make great last minute gifts!  Stop on by and load up a card in the amount of your choice., Kitchen words of wisdom that we follow.  Use fresh, all natural, quality ingredients and make darn good food & drink just for you., Granola Bar Love...., Give the gift of good food and good health with a Juicery gift card!  Come and visit any location and load up a gift card with your preferred amount.  Your friends, family, and co-workers will love it!, Thanks for visiting girls! Shots before noon #scandalous. #wheatgrass Pease International Tradeport, Feeling the sniffles coming on?  Well stop on by and grab a freshly made juice filled with Vitamin C and powerful nutrients to keep the cold at bay.  Try a Tangy Tonic with cayenne, Citrus Sunshine or a Triple A and keep those colds away!!, The last 3 Day Juice & Meals Cleanse of 2014 begins tomorrow.  Here is a little inspiration for you current cleansers and future cleansers...

Want to start the new year fresh?  Next cleanse is January 12-14 or 28-30., Have you tried one of our house baked energy packed granola bars yet? Made with gluten free oats, whole ingredients and Siberian ginseng powder. A great way to fuel your day!, null, Congratulations to Robert Sargavakian for winning the November Juicery Community Wellness Raffle of 30 Days of Unlimited Yoga at Empower Yoga Center!  Thanks to Empower Yoga Center for offering this amazing gift!, Have you tried one of our raw fudgy brownies yet? They taste unbelievably like traditional brownies and are incredibly delish.  Made with nuts, dates, organic cocoa, agave, and maca powder for a little love boost. Look for them tomorrow and let us know what you think., Did you over indulge this holiday weekend?  Feel the need for a healthy cleanse?  Join us December 9-11 for a 3 Day Juice & Meals Cleanse and get your body back on track before the next round of holiday meals begin!, Start your Thanksgiving morning with a green juice and a yoga class, and feel energized the whole day.  This is the last weekend to ENTER to WIN 30 Days of unlimited yoga from Empower Yoga Center, so stop by downtown Portsmouth Juicery for your morning juice and chance to win!, You ask and you shall receive.  For those of you who preferred a Monday - Wednesday or Wednesday - Friday Juice & Meals Cleanse over our normal Tuesday - Thursday, then check out our January 2015 Cleanse dates.  Last cleanse of 2014 is Dec. 9-11 and is filling up quickly.  Register now and save the date!, null, null, House made mostly organic meals of the week: pan roasted corn and black bean salad, kale and cranberry salad, Mexican tempeh salad w/lime cumin vinaigrette, raspberry coconut chia pudding, and the famous soba noodle and baked tofu bowl.  Available at all three Juicery locations and now at The Soupery, Healthy Food + Yoga = Great Partners.  Come into the Juicery in either downtown Portsmouth or Pease location for a juice/smoothie/healthy treat and enter to WIN 30 Days of unlimited YOGA at Empower Yoga Center., Weekend menu: baked falafel salad w/lemon tahini dressing, Asian quinoa, soba noodle & baked tofu, curried kale salad, raw fudge brownies, raw coconut almond bars, and energy truffles.  All items are made from scratch, with mostly organic ingredients, are vegan and mostly gluten free.  Come and get YUM!, On the menu for the next few days at all locations: pan seared tempeh salad w/lime cumin vinaigrette, soba noodle & baked tofu salad, curried kale salad, and mediterranean chickpea salad., They say your lunch or dinner plate should contain a rainbow of food in order to get myriad nutrients.  Did you know that most of our home made organic food is a rainbow ToGo?!, Have you tried adding maca root to your smoothie yet?  This is just a few of the reasons why you should..., On the menu for the weekend in all 3 locations: roasted root & bean salad, curried kale salad, Moroccan quinoa salad, marinated tempeh salad with peanut ginger dressing, and raspberry coconut chia pudding.  Also be on the look out for energy truffles, raw fudge brownies, and coconut almond bars., Thank you to those who have served!, Eating healthy food nourishes your cells. Practicing yoga nourishes your body and spirit.  Combine the two and stop by either NH Juicery location to grab a juice/smoothie/snack and enter to WIN 30 days of UNLIMITED YOGA at Empower Yoga Center.  Nourish Yourself and see what amazing things YOU can do., Had fun yesterday handing out juice and granola bars samples to all the wonderful people who work at the Pease National Passport Agency.  Glad to see so much juice love!, True that..., null, The Juicery is super excited to announce our November Community Wellness Partner...Empower Yoga Center.  This month stop by the Juicery at Pease or Portsmouth and ENTER TO WIN 30 days of unlimited yoga at EMPOWER YOGA CENTER.  Empower Yoga is located in the heart of downtown Portsmouth at 63 Market St. www.empoweryogacenter.com, The winner has been chosen for the October Hybrid Fitness raffle.  Congrats Melissa!  Stay tuned for our November raffle..., Did you eat too much Halloween Candy and now feel like you need a good cleanse?  Well join us on November 18-20 for our 3 day juice and meal cleanse.  This is a great time to re-energize your body before the holiday madness begins!, Gluten free chocolate raspberry cake pops only available today at Pease location! A fun Halloween treat made with all natural and organic ingredients., What people are saying about The Juicery 3 Day Juice & Meals cleanse:  "Started to wake up feeling more refreshed, had more energy, less inflammation in my body."  "Great Experience! Felt lighter, cleaner, healthier" "I felt that this was a great cleanse. I don't feel depleted, but instead, healthy, cleansed, and satisfied"  Join us November 18-20 and see what amazing things you will say!, Only 4 more days left to ENTER to WIN a 2 Month Membership to Hybrid Fitness located at Pease!  Stop by The Juicery at Pease or Downtown for your chance to win.  Winner can choose when to begin, so wouldn't this be a great way to start the new year!, Did you know that all three Juicery locations also have freshly made ToGo foods such as kale salads, noodle bowls, quinoa salads, and chia pudding?! All items are made in our Pease kitchen and can be found in the reach in cases at any location.  Can I get a Yum, Yum?!, Today is our Grand Opening in Boston's Northend! 
Keep an eye out for the banana suit! We are open 7am-7pm everyday! 66A Cross Street., null, Have you been feeling low energy, bloated, or heaviness in your body lately? Then it is time to give your body some love and do a 3 day juice and meal cleanse with us. Let your digestive system rest and fill your body with a plethora of nutrients during our 3 day cleanse. Next one is November 18-20., Line em up!  Wheatgrass shots are a powerful way to start your work day.  Visit either Juicery location and come take a shot!, Have you entered yet?!, null, Fall got you sniffling?! Get through it with a fresh squeezed, vitamin c-packed juice!, Fresh foods on the menu for the new Boston location will be: raspberry chia pudding, kale & cranberry salad, Mediterranean chickpea salad, soba noodles w/baked tofu, Mexican tempeh salad w/lime cumin vinaigrette, siberian ginseng granola bars, and coconut almond raw bars. Are you drooling yet?, This month, come into the Juicery (downtown or Pease) and ENTER TO WIN a 2 MONTH TRAINING PACKAGE with HYBRID FITNESS! Applicants can enter to win by filling out an entry form and placing it in the raffle box. Raffle will end October 31st and the winner will be contacted the first week in November.

Also, all applicants will receive a 50% discount on their first month of training at Hybrid just for entering. Win/Win! So stop by The Juicery, grab a healthy meal and enter to WIN!, Another successful 3 day juice and meals cleanse completed.  Great job cleansers on taking the time to nurture your body, listen to what it needs and nourish your cells!  Missed this one? Next cleanse is November 18-20., Trying to boost your immune system this season?! Ginger is your friend!, null, This month, come into the Juicery (downtown or Pease) and ENTER TO WIN a 2 MONTH TRAINING PACKAGE with HYBRID FITNESS! Applicants can enter to win by filling out an entry form and placing it in the raffle box. Raffle will end October 31st and the winner will be contacted the first week in November.

Also, all applicants will receive a 50% discount on their first month of training at Hybrid just for entering. Win/Win!  

This promotion is part of the Juicery's new community wellness campaign to promote local businesses who are spreading healthy lifestyles and happy people in our community.  Join the movement! , null, null, Front cover of the Portsmouth Herald! , Stop by our Pease location  for a smoothie, juice, or healthy snack.. But before you leave, please give us your thoughts and suggestions!, Only a few hours left of the Cleanse with Friends $20 off cleanse promo!!  Sign up with a friend before midnight tonight and you EACH will save $20 off the 3 Day Juice & Meals cleanse that starts on Tuesday October 7. Use coupon code FRIENDS20., Let the count down begin! Boston get ready!, Are you ready to Cleanse with Friends?!! SAVE $20 on the October 7-9 juice and meals cleanse when you sign up with a friend.  You must register by midnight on Friday, October 3 to receive this special offer.  Use coupon code FRIENDS20.  Space is limited and is filling up quick!, Happy National Kale Day!! Celebrate this superfood with a Kale Storm Smoothie, Green Juice or Kale Lemon Tahini Salad.  Or check out the new Green Light Smoothie and Kale Pesto Caprese Salad available at out Pease location., Have you been feeling low energy, bloated, or heaviness in your body lately?  Then it is time to give your body some love and do a 3 day juice and meal cleanse with us.  Let your digestive system rest and fill your body with a plethora of nutrients during our 3 day cleanse.  Next one is October 7 - October 9. http://www.juicery.com/juice-cleanse/, Along with our delicious smoothies, juices, acai bowls, wraps, salads, and rockin staff, we now have our own chef! Chef Stacey has over 20 years in whole foods cuisine, is a certified health coach and herbalist, and is passionate about creating YUMazing food. Come sample her delish creations sometime!, Lunch of champions...sunrise squeeze juice and baked falafel salad with lemon tahini dressing., Who says you can't do shots before work?! These guys tried the wheatgrass, ginger and cayenne shots at our new Pease location. What a way to start the day!, Organic soba noodle and baked tofu salad in the house!!, Care to meet us for lunch tomorrow?  Sit outside in the courtyard at our Pease location and enjoy pan seared organic tempeh salad w/cumin lime vinaigrette and a homemade chocolate pb surprise cookie (the surpise is its made with black beans!).  Or try a variety of our other side salads like asian quinoa or kale tahini, and a juice or smoothie. We look forward to seeing you!, And the winner of the seasonal membership to Dig In is Nancy Vawter. Congratulations!! For those of you who didn't win, you still have two days to sign up. Visit www.diginrealfood.com. Thanks for participating in the first of many Juicery community wellness promotions!!, Did you know that chia is Mayan for strength and that chia seeds are filled with protein, fiber, omega 3 & 6, antioxidants, calcium and so much more?!  Try out this ancient superfood in a delicious chia pudding parfait available at both locations., Only 2 days left to ENTER to WIN seasonal membership for new local wellness program Dig In.  This is valued at $195 and includes program manual and recipe book, food & mood journal, daily tips, weekly cooking videos, virtual support, and community meetings.  Stop by downtown or Pease location and look for the mason jar and entry forms. FMI www.diginrealfood.com, Did you know that our new location at Pease has a huge kitchen where we are cooking up savory delights to be served at both locations?! This week try vegan chocolate pudding, kale pesto couscous caprese, baked falafel salad and more.  If you tried something you liked and want it on the menu consistently, then let us know!, Join The Juicery in supporting like minded businesses in our community who are encouraging healthy lifestyles!  Come into the Juicery (downtown or Pease) and enter to WIN a membership to Dig In, a new program that will transform your relationship with food.  Hurry in, the raffle ends this Friday as their season begins September 22.   , The seasons are changing and it's chilly this morning! Fight off cold season and boost your vitamin C today - pick up a delicious citrus sunshine!, Prepare your body for the changing of the seasons with the Juicery's 3 day juice and meal cleanse. The next cleanse is September 16. Registration ends this Sunday at 8am. , On the menu this week at Pease: Pan Roasted Corn & Black Bean Salad, Asian Quinoa Salad w/Cashews, Curry Kale Salad, Smoked Paprika Dusted Tempeh Salad w/Lime Cumin Vinaigrette, Fresh Salad w/Green Goddess Dressing, Chia Pudding Parfaits and more.  All made from scratch with mostly organic ingredients!, Are you ready to Dig In?! The Juicery is excited to support two seacoast moms and entrepreneurs who have created a new membership program which aims to transform your relationship with food and help you discover what feeds you at a deeper level.  Join Dig In and their community of people supporting one another and be empowered to feel real health and real joy.  Season begins on September 22.  Join TODAY and receive 20%!  diginrealfood.com , You've heard the hype! Come see our brand new Pease location for yourself!, null, Baked organic homemade falafel salad with lemon tahini dressing, organic pan seared tempeh salad with cumin lime vinaigrette...also at Pease...are your tastebuds tempted yet?, Vanilla raspberry chia pudding, siberian ginseng granola bars, spirulina and cacao truffles, gluten free zucchini coconut bread, curried kale salad, Morroccan quinoa and lentil bowl, mediterranean chickpea salad, salted chocolate brownies (raw/vegan/gf)...just a taste of what we are cooking from scratch at The Juicery in Pease., The Juicery @ PEASE is now open! 7am-3pm Monday-Friday!, Kudos to this week's cleansers!  You did it!!  Want to join a fall 3 day Juice & Meal cleanse?  We are offering one every 3 weeks until Christmas.  Register now!, Grab n Go meals this week: Morroccan quinoa salad, lemon tahini kale salad and strawberry chia pudding. Enjoy!, We're serving sample juices at The Thunder Chicken 5-k Race!, MMMMMMmmmm....Have you tried some?, Need a quick healthy lunch? Grab freshly made curried kale salad or Mediterranean chickpea salad. Then enjoy raspberry vanilla chia pudding for dessert! All made with love by us!, The last summer cleanse until fall dates begin is next Tuesday, August 26 - Thursday, August 28.  Energize your body for the busy fall season with our 3 day Juice & Meal Cleanse.  , This guy should work at The Juicery!, null, Did you know The Juicery is coming to Pease?!!! 14 Manchester Square in the food court opposite Paddy's. OH YEAAA!, New Juicery mascots! Welcome to the family HannahBanana and OliverKale!, It's a good day to have a great day! Happy Saturday juice heads:), Need a pre-dinner power snack? Try The Juicery's own Kale Salad w/Lemon Tahini dressing packed for you to grab n go.  Also in today are bags of freshly baked Cranberry Pecan Granola.  We are cooking up a vegan storm!, Grab a green juice, smoothie, or wheatgrass shot today! 

Which one will you pick?, We love the Good Dr's Greens from A Lebro Center for Well Being in Kittery, ME! It's a great way to get your daily dose of greens and the best part is that it blends into any smoothie or juice! , Congratulations Team Juicery on the Greenland softball championship and going 25-0!, Want to feel "lighter, cleaner, and healthier" like our July juice cleansers?  Then join the next 3 day juice and meals cleanse on August 12-14.  Registration ends Sunday morning., We made it! What will your celebratory smoothie be?!, 3 Day Juice & Meal Cleanse starts tomorrow.  Good luck cleansers!!  
Missed this one and want to join the next?  We have two scheduled in August.  Register Now!, It's almost the start of a new week, which means new things at the Juicery!  All this week we will have fresh veggies with our homemade hummus.... It's HUMMAZING!!, Despite the two hour power outage the J is up and running until 8pm!, Or upload your photo at http://www.juicery.com/share!, Keep an eye out for our grand opening in Boston at the end of the Summer!, Before our move! 

#ThrowbackThursday, Registration ends this Sunday at 8am for the Tuesday, July 29 - Thursday, Jul 30 juice and meals cleanse and it is filling up quickly.  Sign up soon and supercharge your summer with this 3 day cleanse!, Just have to share these two awesome photos that were submitted recently! We love our customers and the creativity that goes along with the photos. Keep em' coming because free smoothies will be awarded randomly!, Energize yourself on this Monday with a 2 oz wheatgrass shot!, Great job cleansers!  You did it!!  So far this juice cleanse has yielded another round of happy and energetic people.  Get your happy on and join us for the next one on July 29-31. , Have you tried our housemade granola bars or coconut almond raw bars yet?  Made with all natural ingredients and a lot of love just for you!, http://foreverafoodie.weebly.com/reviews/a-rejuvenating-acai-bowl-to-die-for, Boston here we come!, Start your Sunday off right with a green juice from the J! Add a little lemon, ginger or apple to sweeten the deal!, Congrats to our winner this month! Come pick up your $25 Juicery Gift Certificate at your convenience!, It's a perfect day for a fresh, healthy vegan lunch! Try our special salads of the day: Asian quinoa with peanut sauce OR kale with lemon tahini dressing. Grab one before they are gone!, Less than a week to the start of the next Juicery 3 day juice and meals cleanse.  Have you registered?, Upload a pic of your smoothie or juice using #juicery to win a $25 gift certificate!, 5 Reasons To Add Blueberries To Your Smoothie:
1. Antioxidants
2. Reduces Belly Fat
3. Improves Vision
4. Full of Vitamins
5. Enhances Mood, Thank you for this awesome photo! 

What are YOU having for lunch today?!, Happy 4th of July!

We are open today! Come celebrate with us!, Another successful juice and meals cleanse completed!  Kudos to all the recent and past cleansers for taking on the challenge.  Your bodies say THANK YOU!  Next cleanse begins July 15 - 17., Post your juice selfie to WIN A $25 GIFT CERTIFICATE! Use #juicery to enter your photo!, Delicious and nutritious granola bars in the house!  Stop by tomorrow to pick one up.  They are packed with ingredients such as chia seeds, pecans, sunflower seeds, coconut and Siberian Ginseng.  And don't forget a caramel love nug too!, Carrots are prepped for the day! Did you know that orange carrots contain beta-carotene which helps with eye health?, "A daily ritual is a way of saying, I'm voting for myself. I'm taking care of myself"-Mariel Hemingway, Check out this throwback gem! 
I want to give a special thank you to every past and present employee. You are what makes the J special and I could not have done it without you all!Thank You!!!, Did you know that 2oz of wheatgrass is equivalent to the nutrient levels of 4lbs of vegetables? Skip the broccoli today and come get some grass!!!, Homemade vegan treats are back! Pick up a freshly made Mayan Bar or Salted Caramel Pecan Love Nugget tomorrow and enjoy with your smoothie or wrap.  Yum!!!, Cheers to SUMMER HOURS at the Juicery! 

That means we are open 30 minutes earlier in the morning(for you early birds) and one hour later in the evening (for the late night juice heads)!!!, null, You are getting very thirsty...., Happy Father's Day from our Juicery family to yours!!!, Don't be superstitious come get some delicious and nutritious drinks and yummy treats from us this afternoon! **We close at 7**, Now announcing summer juice and meal cleanse dates:  July 15-17, July 29-31, Aug. 12-14, and Aug. 26-28. Space is limited so register now and get ready for three amazing days!, We've got great drinks, great food, and great customers!, null, J is for juice and T is for thirsty!, Now look at how happy this liver is.  Yours could be too!  Join our 3 day cleanse and show your liver some love! Next one is June 10-12.  Register at juicery.com., Have you picked up the latest copy of InStyle Magazine? Check out the mini article about our smoothie the pine-ango-beet tango!, We don't wanna taco 'bout it but it's almost lunch time so we are getting our fiesta on here at the Juicery!!

Made with homemade salsa, avocado, lettuce and hot sauce., Introducing AVOCADO TACOS!!! 

For a limited time only come get two delicious corn tortilla tacos filled with our homemade salsa, avocado and lettuce complete with a little hot sauce to spice things up!!, Effects from the latest Juice Cleanse: shiny hair, feeling light and healthy, sleeping better, reduced bloating, and focused mind.  Join us on June 10-12 for the next cleanse and experience this too!, Sometimes you just have to stop and smell the smoothies!, We were up early this morning doing our favorite thing! Making juice for the 3rd day of the juice cleanse #juiceon, Let's talk about how DELICIOUS our Acai Bowls! 

Yum! How can you resist?!, null, null, null, June juice cleanse dates are now posted and ready for registration.  Join us for the group cleanse during June 10-12 or June 24-26.  Three full days of organic juices and healthy meals. Hooray!, Thank you to all those who have fought & sacrificed for our country! And Happy Memorial Day to everyone!, What kind of smoothie are you going to get today?!, Side effects from The Juicery Cleanse: "My energy level increased! My appetite is better too. You really notice the difference in how you feel when you fuel your body with healthy food.", Caleb's favorite thing on this gloomy Friday is his acai energy smoothie and his dump truck of course!! Happy Friday and long weekend from all of us here at The Juicery!!, Have you ever wanted to do a juice cleanse but felt scared by the idea of going without food?
Try The Juicery Cleanse! Juice all day and enjoy a vegan meal at night!  Next group cleanse is May 28 - May 30., No time for lunch? Create a quick & healthy one by matching up an all natural smoothie & bar!, What else could be better than a ginger shot on this Tuesday afternoon? That's right juice heads that's a whole 2ozs of GINGER to help kick start your immune system, aid in digestion, treat nausea related symptoms and much much more. 

A little kick with a lot of zing!, Three days of organic juice and healthy food = pure nourishing bliss. Experience it for yourself during the next cleanse on May 28-30. , Cool down with a sweet (&healthy!) treat!, Congratulations to our five employees who are graduating UNH today and to any and all customers who are graduating college this year!! We are always here for when you need a "real world" pick me up! 

CONGRATS CLASS of 2014!, Let us brighten up your day!, Want to rock the start of summer with lots of energy and vitality?  Join our next cleanse beginning just after Memorial Day weekend, May 28-May 30.  Last two cleanses sold out, so jump on the energy bandwagon soon! , Congrats to out contest winner, Heather!

Come get your $25 gift certificate at The Juicery!, Who's been to our new location in Kittery? Just over the new bridge! 7 wallingford square! Maine Squeeze Juice Cafe 7am-5pm, Happy Mother's Day to all of the wonderful moms out there! 

Show your appreciation with a Mother's Day smoothie or a gift certificate!, Get your Juicery fix!, null, Eleanor's got to eat clean too. #goodeats #carrottime, Day two of the juice cleanse is underway. Stay tuned for more details about when our next juice cleanse will be., When you taste the juice rainbow you feel the juice rainbow! Happy Tuesday juice heads!, We had two lovely ladies walk 15 miles from the North Hampton beach to the Juicery today! Is that commitment or what? Tell us about the day you couldn't live without your Juicery fix!, Stumped for lunch? How about our delicious Nori Roll?!

Nori seaweed wrapped around seasoned brown rice, avocado, grated carrot, red cabbage, cucumber & sprouts! Yum!, Didn't make it to the Kittery Maine Squeeze yet?! 

Head over today! 7 Wallingford Square!, TODAY IS THE GRAND OPENING OF THE MAINE SQUEEZE IN KITTERY! 

Check out this delicious menu! Hours are 9-5 today!, Follow us on Instagram! @theportsmouthjuicery !, Don't forget to enter to WIN A $25 GIFT CERTIFICATE TO THE JUICERY! 

Upload at http://www.juicery.com/share, Looking for some energy?! Have a sweet & refreshing Citrus Sunshine!

The perfect blend of lemon & orange is a great immune booster!, Common theme from the results of The Juicery Cleanse "Energy, Energy, and More Energy!"  Want to boost your energy?  Next cleanse starts May 6-8.  , Vote to help us choose a winner!

Head to http://www.juicery.com/share & click the heart symbol under your favorite photo!

It's not too late to enter your photo either!

1 VOTE PER DAY!, Looking for a juice to cleanse and hydrate you? 

Try our Green Juice, a refreshing blend of kale, cucumber, parsley, & celery!, It's Earth Day! 

We celebrate our planet every day by composting & using compostable cups, lids, & straws!

Feel good about reducing waste and stop by The Juicery today!, Easter Bunny sighting at The Juicery! 

We are open today! Come celebrate today with a fresh and delicious smoothie or juice!, null, Here is an excellent article on how Juice Cleanses can get you back on track to vibrant health.  Join us on May 6-8 for the next Juicery Cleanse and you will be on your way!, Don't forget to vote for your favorite #juicery photo on http://www.juicery.com/share ! 

You can vote up to once a day!, Less than 4 days to the first Juicery Cleanse.  We are getting excited....are you?!  Juice, salad and soup oh my!, Have you had breakfast today yet? 

Eating breakfast gives you a quick fix of nutrients, prevents weight gain, promotes healthy skin, powers your brain, and gives you an energy boost! 

So head over and grab a smoothie for a quick & delicious breakfast!, Did you miss signing up for the April Juicery Cleanse? Have no fear, registrations are now open for the May 6-May 8 cleanse!  Get ready for summer with this 3 day cleanse that will revive your body and refresh your spirit.  Honor your body, drink in the goodness, and celebrate your renewed vitality. You deserve it!, Have a Peachy Keen Smoothie today & enjoy not only the delicious taste, but also the health benefits!

Peaches:
-contribute to eye health
-are excellent for skin
-are toxin cleansers
-assist in weight control
-are full of vitamins, antioxidants & fiber!, Want to win a $25 Juicery Gift Certificate?!

Take a picture of your juice or smoothie & upload it to http://juicery.com/share !

Or enter by using #juicery on Instagram or Twitter!

Extra points for creativity & originality!, null, The NEW Juicery Cleanse is filling up quickly! Join us for this rejuvenating cleanse that includes 3 days of organic juices followed by healthy evening meals.  There are only a few spots left! , Shiny hair, glowing skin, strong immune system, lessened sugar cravings, possible weight loss.  These are all common effects of a proper juice cleanse.  Sounds good, right!  Try The Juicery Cleanse on April 22-24 and see how amazing you may feel! , Our sister shop, Maine Squeeze Juice Cafe, is opening a new location in Kittery, Maine!

They are now hiring part time and full time summer positions there!

If you are looking for a fun and fulfilling summer job, send your resume and a brief cover letter to madisonmsjc@gmail.com !, Have you ever wanted to do a juice cleanse? Overwhelmed by the idea of going without food?
Try The Juicery Cleanse! Juice all day and enjoy a vegan meal at night!
http://www.juicery.com/juice-cleanse/, Spring is here and so is the NEW Juicery Cleanse!  Join us for 3 refreshing days of organic, fresh made juices and yummy vegan meals.  First cleanse begins Tuesday, April 22nd.  Space is limited so register soon!, Puffin has got the right idea, hanging outside in the sun with her smoothie. What are you guys doing today?, It's a little gloomy outside! 

Which makes it a perfect day for a Peanut Butter Bliss Smoothie! A sweet concoction of bananas, all natural peanut butter & chocolate almond milk!, Case of the Mondays? Brighten up your day with an all natural smoothie!, We found these awesome pictures on Instagram! Thank you guys for your creativity!, Celebrate Spring by having a Blueberry Mint Smoothie today! The perfect treat!, null, null, null, Don't forget today is Wonderful Wednesday! Buy one smoothie or juice and get the other half off!, Did you know that Prana means life force? Where does yours take you? #itsawayoflife #prana #juicehead #youarewhatyoueat, This small snow storm got you feeling sad and cold?? Come on into the Juicery and warm up with the taste of summer! We are open until 7!, Hey everyone! Today starts our new Wonderful Wednesday deal! Come in and buy a juice / smoothie Wednesdays in the month of March and receive another juice / smoothie for 50% off!, Daylight savings kicking you in the butt? Come try our NEW Acai bowl and get that extra push you need to power through your day!, Who remembers these days? 

The Juicery has come a long way since 2008! We want to give a special thanks to each and every customer that has helped us grow into the business we are today. You are the best customers ever!, We just finished making our organic and original salsa!!!! How about that in a wrap or salad? YUM!!!
We are open 7-7!, Kids like green smoothies too! 
Kale Storm w/ avocado:), Cool off from shoveling with a nice tropical treat smoothie! We're open regular hours today!, Don't get yourself in this position....come get something delicious and nutritious at The Juicery!, It's crazy on the seacoast today. We apologize but because of the inclement weather we will be closing at five so that our employees get home safe. We hope you have a magical snowy night and be safe as well! Tomorrow we will be open at seven am sharp!, null, Get your blood pumping! Come see us for a Lifeblood today. Open 7am-7pm!, How do you drink your Juice? :), Good morning juice heads! 
We are open 7-7 today so come on by!, Come visit us at the Juicery today! We will be open until 2pm and again tomorrow for regular business hours :), The calm before the storm! New England is expecting some snow tonight, better get your juice today before it starts and while the sun is still out! 
We are open 7-7.
If your wondering about tomorrow's conditions and local businesses,  just call us!! 
603-431-0693, It's going to be a gorgeous day in Portsmouth today! Don't forget to stop by your favorite Juice Bar and get a Tangy Tonic to boost your Vitamin C!, Live inspired juice heads! What does your healthy intake do for you?, The sun is out and it's a beautiful January day! Got plans for lunch? Come on over to the Juicery and grab a vegan organic wrap, salad, juice or smoothie!!! We have something for everyone, Good morning from the Juicery in downtown Portsmouth!  We are having a good morning...are you? Come refresh and revitalize open 7-7!!, Check out this article in the Portsmouth Herald!, GET YOUR CITRUS!! 

Fight colds, the flu and boost your immune system with a supercharged vitamin C packed juice!! 

We are open 7-7, as always :-), It might be cold and windy outside but The Juicery is open today and here to help you make healthful decisions in 2014!!, Happy New Year, Juiceheads! The Juicery will be open until 7pm tonight, and will be opening at 9am New Year's Day!, Start your engines folks! We open everyday at 7am!, We're open until 5 today!!!, Happy Monday morning!, Come check out The Soupery on our 2nd day being open!!! Next-door to The Juicery!!!, The Soupery is Open!!!, IT'S OFFICIAL!! THE SOUPERY WILL BE OPENING TOMMOROW AT 10am!!!, We've got the holiday spirit, and so do our smoothies!, It's now halfway through December, how many shots of wheatgrass have you taken? All this month we're donating $1 to the Seacoast Family Food Pantry for every shot sold! Share this post and tell your friends! Swing by for a healthy shot! Your body and your community will be thankful :), We are open on this snowy day thanks to Sam! Come visit her! Give us a reason for opening!, "Like" The Soupery for news and updates. Opening soon, The Soupery only offers fresh, all-natural, wholesome soup made in small batches with real ingredients--no preservatives or additives. They also have something for everyone, with gluten-free options, and selections suitable for vegans, vegetarians, omnivores and carnivores alike., The Soupery is opening soon! Offering delicious soups and chowders! Located directly next-door to The Juicery. 51 Hanover Street in Portsmouth!

We will have 6 soups at all times and great dipping bread too!

Here are some of the rotating options:

SEBAGO JALAPENO BEER & CHEDDAR
GRILLED CHEESE & TOMATO SOUP SOUP
MAPLE-ROASTED BUTTERNUT SQUASH
LOADED POTATO
VEGGIE CHILI
SWEET POTATO CORN CHOWDER
MAINE BROCCOLI CHEDDAR
CHICKEN VEGETABLE RICE
CAJUN STYLE SWEET POTATO & CHICKEN
TOMATO LENTIL WITH SWEET ITALIAN SAUSAGE
HUNGARIAN MUSHROOM
NEW ENGLAND CLAM CHOWDER
TWO ALARM CHILI WITH BEEF, PORK & PINTO BEANS
MAINE SHRIMP CORN CHOWDER
CREAMY BUTTERNUT SQUASH
NEW ENGLAND CORN CHOWDER
CURRIED ROOT VEGETABLE &LENTIL
RIBOLLITA
BUTTERNUT SQUASH & BROCCOLI CREAM SOUP
CREAMY TOMATO
HADDOCK CHOWDER, CHECK THIS OUT!!!, Help others, while helping yourself feel good. We're donating $1 for every wheatgrass shot, to the seacoast family food pantry. It's a healthy way to get in the holiday spirit!, FREE JUICE! Today 8-3 at Lils Cafe in Kittery, ME! Live music 11-1 and stick around for the Kittery parade at 3!
                                                                                   NEW Maine Squeeze location opening this Spring in the Kittery Foreside area, across from Anneke Jans @ 7 Wallingford Square!, Get your daily dose of sunshine and beat this rain with our Citrus Sunshine or our Sunrise Squeeze! Packed with vitamin C  to help detoxify the body and strengthen the immune system, it's the perfect fix for those winter colds., Check out our new and improved website! www.JUICERY.COM
You can order gift certificates by mail and order juice and smoothies for delivery!, Have you had your wheatgrass yet today? Not only is it packed full of essential nutrients, but we're donating $1 from every shot to the Seacoast Family Food Pantry!, It's gloomy and rainy outside, but its always warm and sunny in the Juicery. Plus, you can still get you're free smoothie card with the purchase of a $25 gift card ( to be used at your next visit), For every shot of wheatgrass sold in the month of December, we will be donating $1 to the Seacoast Family Food Pantry! Tell your friends! Come get healthy and help your neighbors do the same!, Small business Saturday is in full swing downtown. Come in today and buy a $25 gift certificate and get a free smoothie card to be used on your next visit., And now the countdown to Christmas!, Feeling stuffed? If you indulged yesterday, treat yourself to one of our yummy juices with ginger. It's good for digestion, and tastes great too!, The Juicery will be CLOSED tomorrow for the holiday but we will be back to regular hours on Friday. 

Save travels to all the juice heads out there. Enjoy some nice R&R with friends and family! Happy Thanksgiving!, 1 2 3 go!!!! If the juicer (aka big Bertha) could travel to you what would be the first juice you'd make?, Today's soups at the J!, Did you know that kale prefers cooler climates and is harvested in autumn and winter? This superfood is also loaded with all the vitamins and minerals you need to keep you happy and healthy for the holidays. 

Come try one of our most popular smoothies: The Kale Storm! Made with banana, mango, lemon juice, kale, spinach, and sweetened with apple juice! 

Add a scoop of spirulina or The Good Doctor's Greens (or both!) to help further boost your immune system., How cute is this! A little girl asked to write her smoothie order down this afternoon, and requested one pinch of love! Don't worry because everything we make is made with love!! Happy Sunday :), Come warm up with a nice cup of soup on this chilly Sunday. Today's soups include vegetable chili (vegan & gluten free), curry lentil( vegan & gluten free), and maple butternut squash( vegetarian). P.S we have seating :), Feeling hungry? We have home made vegan pasta salad! Lots of veggies, rotini, and spices sure to satisfy you! Come try it!, Representing The Juicery on top of Mt. Tom!, SUNSHINE SUNSHINE SUNSHINE ! We are loving it here at the Juicery! Swing by for a citrus sunshine for yourself!, null, Celery juice is super hydrating and acts as an alkalizer for equalizing your bodies pH! 
Have you ever tried it? 

Learn more about the benefits of celery juice here:
http://www.naturalnews.com/024596_celery_juicing.html#, What did the lettuce say to the celery? 

"Quit stalking me!", Have you heard??? the Juicery is OPEN ALL YEAR ROUND! 

Let us help you have a wonderful winter!, null, Check out our new logo! 

Reminder....we are open everyday including Sunday 7am-7pm!!!, New soup!  Broccoli cheddar is here, and it's the best cold weather comfort food, Hungry? Stop by for a delicious and healthy wrap, the perfect on the go lunch!, Happy Halloween! Detox from last night's Trick-or-Treat with a Life Blood, or have a sweet treat with one of our smoothies!, Feeling tired on this chilly Tuesday? Help yourself out with a Sonic Boom or an Acai Energy smoothie. Both are full of energizing nutrients to get you through your day!, New soup today!! Vegetarian Maple Roasted Butternut Squash! We also have Vegan Chili and Kale & White bean! Yumm, Put some sunshine in your rainy Sunday with a Citrus Sunshine! Or go on a stay-cation with a Tropical Treat or Costa Rican Blend, Last night was the first freeze of the season! Reminisce on warmer weather with a Spring Splash or a Sunrise Squeeze!, Warm up on this chilly morning with a shot of ginger juice! For those who can take the heat, ginger offers many benefits, including improved digestive health, Back by popular demand... SOUP!!! made fresh by our friends at Kamasouptra in Portland Maine. Today we have Chili, Curried Vegetable & Lentil, and White Bean & Kale! All three are Vegan and delicious!, The Good Dr.'s Greens are back at the Juicery! They contain all the green goodness you could want, just ask to have a scoop added to your Jungle Juice or Green Power Smoothie!, Did you know that maca powder is a powerful adaptogen?   The root helps the body adapt to stress and normalizes systems. Add it to any of our smoothies or juices for a powerful punch!, "Unlike processed dark chocolate, antioxidants are preserved in raw cacao. Benefits from keeping organic chocolate unheated include; much higher levels of the famous chocolate antioxidants (oligomeric procynanidins, resveratrol and the polyphenols: catechin and epicatechin) as well as the preservation of vitamin C, phenethylamine (PEA, the feel good neurotransmitter responsible for the feeling of love!), Omega 6 fatty acids (which when heated become rancid and cause inflammation), tryptophan (a commonly deficient amino acid in those who consume a diet of mostly cooked food) and serotonin."
Learn more about cacao at http://www.secrets-of-longevity-in-humans.com/raw-cacao-benefits.html, Detoxify your body with a AAA, or nourish yourself with a yummy vegan wrap or salad! Or if you're feeling creative this weekend, come in and create your own smoothie or juice!, TGIF! Come on in and celebrate with a filling Prana or a detoxing Life Blood., Seasons are changing! 
Good thing the Juicery will be open YEAR ROUND!, Fifteen days until Halloween! Are you as excited as we are???, Come in and grab a AAA this morning! Parsley (one of the many goodies in the AAA) is full of chlorophyll and other goodness, a sure fire way to give you a boost., It's not too late to come in for a Monday pick-me-up! We'll fix you something nourishing and delicious!, Come down to the chili festival at strawberry banke! We're here selling juice and dessert pops!, Antioxidant Lycopene, an enzyme only found in pink grapefruit, has been found to have anti tumor abilities. "Lycopene has the highest capacity to help fight oxygen free radicals, which are compounds that can damage cells."
Learn more at http://www.whfoods.com/genpage.php?tname=foodspice&dbid=25
And come in for a grapefruit juice today!, Come on in for a delicious smoothie, or stop in on your lunch break for a vegan wrap or nori roll!, What could be better on this sunny day than a Citrus Sunshine juice? Or take a mini-vacation with a Tropical Treat!, Give your Monday a little oomph with a shot or two of our fresh wheat grass juice! Just one ounce has the same power behind it as four pounds of green vegetables!, What a chilly Sunday morning! Give your immune system a boost of vitamin C with a Tangy Tonic, or warm up with a gingery Life Blood!, TGIF!!! 
You made it through the week! Swing on by for a tasty Friday smoothie or juice. Peanut butter bliss anyone? 
Treat yourself!!, For such a small root, Ginger has some serious health kicks! 
Ginger helps fight off the flu, tackles morning sickness, and motion sickness, and aids in migraine relief. Studies have also shown that Ginger helps prevent colon cancer! 

Try some in your juice or smoothie today!, Start your Monday on the right foot with our Sunrise Squeeze Organic Fresh Juice, (carrots oranges beets and ginger)! Now open 7am-7pm !, We are now open in our new space located 15 feet to the left of our old space!, One of our loyal followers repping the J at Boston Calling! What did you do this weekend?!, YES, we're open today!! Just cause it's stormy, doesn't mean you can't enjoy a nice, fruity smoothie! Open till 8!, Today we have blueberry lemonade, watermelon mint and strawberry banana juice pops. Made in Portland, Maine with all natural ingredients this could just be what you need today! Mention this Facebook post and get $1 off!, TGIF and ITIRWASFTJ(I think I really want a smoothie from the Juicery)!!!!, Annie showing off her beautiful artwork!! :), Warriors in the sky gotta stay healthy too!!!, This summer has been fantastic and what a better way to say thank you to our awesome customers than giving out free stuff?  Free juice pops? I think so!!! Come into the Juicery on Monday, August 12th saying the secret code of "I'm a juice head" and get free juice pops for the fam!, How do you like your acai or sonic boom smoothie? Soy milk, apple juice or both??!!, Juice heads in the making!!!, Just in case you're already thinking about lunch.. We've whipped up some spectacular fresh salsa this morning, and it's calling your name. Go crazy and spice it up with some hot sauce :) see you for lunch!, These past two Mondays we've had the pleasure of teaching 40 young campers about smoothie making and healthy eating! Never to early to start learning how to make a great smoothie!, On a day like today would you rather have a lifeblood or a green juice?, Awesome article about how to eat local in New Hampshire this August! , Start the month off right and feed your soul with some juice., Big fresh salad with tempeh, avocado, and our homemade ginger miso dressing. I'm feelin' wicked hungry how about you??, The Juicery is now hiring! We're looking for full time, hardworking, kind individuals who love to clean :) Know of anyone?? Stop by the J with a resume!, Juicery humor... nothing better on this Thursday morning! We only supply the best organic produce for our wicked awesome customers, This is how we do 8am... Kale, apple, parsley, celery. We wouldn't have it any other way. Come start your morning off right at the J!, So who loves almond milk? But it's a bummer we only have chocolate almond milk... Well NOT ANYMORE. We've heard your requests and we now have unsweetened original almond milk for all your smoothie needs, Happy hot and humid Tuesday!! Although we don't have AC here at the J we can sure whip you up something to cool you down! Stay cool and don't forget about this weeks photo contest!, Even dogs get smoothies at the juicery!, Eat good, feel good, live good!! A great recipe for today and everyday! Happy Tuesday :), Happy 4th of July from The Juicery!! Hope everyone has a wonderful and safe holiday! God bless America!!, Come on down town and get fresh all natural juice pops!! Blueberry lemonade, raspberry hibiscus, watermelon mint or strawberry banana!!!, Portsmouth fireworks start at 9:15 tomorrow night! Don't miss the juice pop cart in Market square tomorrow afternoon and then later that night we will be set up at Mill Pond!!, You Juiceheads have spoken!! The Juicery is now open until 8:30pm everyday of the week! Grab a prana for breakfast at 7:30am and come back for a PBBliss for dessert!, Some of Juicery Family representing in Hawaii!!, Hot days like this call for fresh squeezed juice or a smoothie!!
Stop by and check out our 22+ combinations of drinks or create your own!, Life's full of difficult decisions, but for young Henry he only has to contemplate summer plans...smoothie in hand of course!! http://instagram.com/p/a4LYINEiXw/, Does your liver need some detoxing? Did you know that beets are great for detoxifying the body and purifying your blood? You need some life in your blood this morning!!, Happy Solstice, juice heads!! First day of summer yay! Come grab a smoothie, we're open till 8:30!!, Starting this weekend your favorite neighborhood juice bar will be open till 8:30pm on Fridays and Saturdays!, IT'S BACK!!! MINT!! With two days until summer we've brought back our summer special! Banana, blueberry and mint. Or a delicious refreshing orange, apple, ginger, mint, carrot juice., It may not be a bright and sunny day but it's a great day to hang out with dad,smoothie and juice pop in hand! http://instagram.com/p/aoRX7VEiUg/, Go visit Maine Squeeze Juice Cafe at the Kittery Block Party today!! Fresh squeezed organic juice, juice pops, merchandise and the Juiceman himself who is celebrating a birthday!! Happy Birthday Alex!, Suns out!! Looks like this weekend is shaping up to be a nice one!! http://instagram.com/p/ajFS14kiV5/, A huge CONGRADULATIONS to Annie(a long long time employee) for getting engaged over the weekend! We are so happy for you!!, Great article in the Chicago Tribune about Portsmouth!!! http://my.chicagotribune.com/#section/-1/article/p2p-76264482/, Father's day is right around the corner, and nothing says I love you better then a gift card from The Juicery!!!!, We're nutz about peanut butter and almond butter!!, It's almost lunch time stop by for a delicious nori roll or a tasty wrap! All of our wraps can be made with our gluten free option too! Nom nom nom, Don't be fooled by my name! Wheatgrass is surprisingly sweet and green! If you have never tried wheatgrass the benefits far out weigh the taste :) Make today a wheatgrass day!! http://instagram.com/p/aYLDrEkid4/, It's been five years since I took over in June of 2008! The Juicery has come along way:) I want to thank all our customers for helping make The Juicery the success it is today! Even more good things to come!, Market Square Day is upon us!! We're here!! Keep calm and juice on!! We still have sunglasses and fresh pressed juice that tastes like the nectar of the Gods!!, The first 100 visitors to our tent tomorrow will receive a super awesome wicked cool gift!! Wanna know what it is?! Juicery sunglasses yeahhh!!, We're gearing up for MARKET SQUARE DAY last year we were seen wearing banana and watermelon suits! What could be in store this year?? Check us out tomorrow in town!, It's an orangetastic day!!!!!, Woah! This weekend flew by, and as a result we are a little delayed with the results from our weekly trivia. Ryan McKown congratulations for getting our trivia question right. On average we go through 25lbs of wheatgrass a week!! Stop by the J to pick up your reward, any small smoothie!! *for FREE*, What's the first word that comes to mind when you think of The Juicery!?, 10th regiment at The J!, Come visit Maddie and get a Juicery Popsicle! On the corner of fleet and congress on this steamy day!, It's hot out there! We've got what you need to stay cool!, Come chill with the juice man himself!! We're on congress  street selling juice pops we will be here until 5!!!, 48ounces of lifeblood makes one customer very happy!!!  Share with us what your favorite Juicery item is!!, Rain got you down? Need a little boost to finish the work day? We got what you need at 51 Hanover street, how about an Acai smoothie or a juice with green tea!!, WEEKLY TRIVIA QUESTION: How many pounds of wheatgrass do we go through a week? The person with the closest answer will get a free smoothie! We will announce the winner on Friday!, Looks like its shaping up to be a BEAUTIFUL day!!! Stay tuned for Juicery trivia later this afternoon :) Have a great day folks!!, Yes, that's right the sun's out and we are open today!! http://instagram.com/p/Z0DXAsEicK/, Ever wonder where all of our compost goes? Thanks to EcoMovement Consulting & Hauling they turn our fruits, vegetables and paper goods into compost!!!!, Just a friendly reminder that we are open until 7:30pm!!!!, On average we juice about 300lbs of carrots in a week!! Jeffery Page you are the winner of this weeks trivia! Thanks for playing everyone, check back next week for more Juicery trivia., Weekly trivia: On average how many pounds of carrots do we go through a week(Monday- Sunday)? 
First person to comment with the right answer wins a free smoothie!, A wheatgrass a day keeps the doctor away! Will you take the challenge?, Make today a Smoothie Sunday!, All the more reason to come to the J and get a smoothie!!!, One more item checked off the bucket list for Jimmy...do you dare? http://instagram.com/p/ZYh4LTEibj/, Did you know that kale is high in iron, Vitamin K, Vitamin A, Vitamin C, and calcium? This queen of the greens is also a powerful anti-oxidant! http://instagram.com/p/ZXyDYwkiSu/, Raw and vegan treats -- mayan bars, energy truffles, salted caramel love bites, and vegan blondies! http://instagram.com/theportsmouthjuicery, dancing carrots! http://instagram.com/theportsmouthjuicery, Good morning! Start your day off right with a super detoxifying lifeblood or a mean green jungle machine!!, Cacoa powder or nibs we got it all!! http://instagram.com/theportsmouthjuicery, Find us on Instagram! @theportsmouthjuicery http://instagram.com/theportsmouthjuicery, Two generations of juicers! Happy Mother's Day from the Juicery!!!, Happy Mother's Day to all the moms out there! We've got what you need on this special day!! How about a world famous prana or a jungle juice, don't let this rain deter you from coming in!!, You know we are open right now:)!, Juice pops!! Pineapple coconut! Soooooooooo good! Stop by and try one today!!, Flash back!!! This was what the juice bar looked like in the 90's!!!, FYI: We do Juice Catering!!! Call and speak with our manager Madeline if you have a special event you'd liked to serve juice at!, Just in case you you juice heads forgot we are open until 7:30 everyday!, We are now open 7:30am to 7:30pm!!!!!, Soak up some vitamin D and come see us for the rest of your vitamins & minerals!, Foggy, misty morning got you down? Stop by for a juicy pick-me-up!, Another beautiful day in downtown Portsmouth! Have you checked out our new benches yet? We'll be open til 6pm tonight!, Sun splurge! It's a gorgeous day in downtown Portsmouth and we're building new benches for your sitting and juice-sipping pleasure!, We are expanding to Kittery!, null, null, Good morning juice heads! It's a beautiful day and you know what that means, JUICE of course! Stop by and get your daily dose!, SWING BY THE J BETWEEN NOW AND 6pm FOR ALL YOUR VEGAN smoothie/KOMBUCHA/juice/SALAD/wrap/WHEATGRASS NEEDS!!!!, We are open for Easter!!!, Also, the JUICERY will be open on EASTER! Door will be open at 7:45am as usual!, I don't want to jinx it, but... SPRING HAS SPRUNG! SPRING HAS SPRUNG! And the Juicery can help you welcome this season with open arms - take a walk around the square with a Pimango Beet Tango (strawberry, mango, pineapple, beet juice and OJ) in your hand! Or a fresh, green Jungle Juice (spinach, parsley, apple, cucumber and celery) !, We are now open!!! Sorry for any inconvenience:), Looks like we have a beautiful day ahead of us, folks, and let's face it: juice and sun go hand in hand :), Sunday? So what?? Juicery is still open 7:45am-6pm as usual!!! Never too early for a breakfast smoothie, or a delicious wrap... Save half for lunch and you're golden!, Happy first day of SPRING all you juice heads!!!!, null, We are open today at 7:45am! Snow can't stop us! Come show Jess some love and make her feel like there was a reason she made it in to work in this weather!, Our compost rides with Ecomovement and yours can too!, null, THIS JUST IN: THE PORTSMOUTH JUICERY IS NOW OPEN UNTIL 6pm!!!!!!, null, Fresh salsa for our Mexican wrap - have it in a wheat roll-up or on a salad!!!!, Steamed brown rice, avocado, tomato, sprouts, red onion, cucumber, romaine, ginger miso and balsamic vinaigrette... sounds like you're in the mood for a JANA WRAP SPECIAL! It's never too late for lunch!, Enjoy our ever popular Life Blood? Love our Citrus Sunshine? Why not have the best of both worlds with our SUNRISE SQUEEZE! A simple yet mouth-watering combination of orange, ginger, carrot and beet! Detox while you can as St Patty's day is just around the corner ;), Juicery regular Jon prefers his Life Blood with an orange! Wheatgrass all around today!, Sam says, "A wheatgrass a day keeps the doctor away!", Jack's going green today with a scrumptious salad in a cup - a Green Juice! Kale, parsley, cucumber and celery!, Jackie's smoothie of choice is the WORLD FAMOUS PRANA! Kasey prefers a fresh shot of wheatgrass to get her through the afternoon! Whatever your favorite may be, I'm sure we can whip it up here at the Portsmouth Juicery!, Come get a delicious and detoxifying Life Blood (carrot, apple, lemon, beet, ginger) from Kendra!, TODAY IS YOUR LAST CHANCE TO GRAB A CUP OF SOUP FROM THE JUICERY! Swing by 51 Hanover St for a CITRUS SUNSHINE - a lil extra vitamin C to carry out the season illness-free! Feeling sleepy? An Acai Energy could be your quick fix! Or perhaps a Sonic Boom, matcha green tea powder included!!! Options on options on options at the Portsmouth Juicery! Get your daily dose!, Schools may be cancelled, but the Juicery is still OPEN!! Slog, XC ski, sled (maybe not drive just yet) on over for a tropical treat or hot soup! Grilled Cheese and Tomato Soup and Ribollita on today!, Vegan chili and vegetarian sweet potato & corn chowder! Come enjoy some soup while the cold weather lasts!, Prana with blueberry, protein and flax oil!  What's your favorite hybrid smoothie? Tell us!, Smoothies are perfect for when you are driving and need to refuel!, The bright side of rain? SPRING IS ON THE WAY and with spring comes new spring concoctions! Though our menu is already jam-packed full of goodies, we'd like to know what YOU want to see as a Spring Special in the upcoming months! Leave a comment or wall post with a delicious smoothie/juice idea and perhaps it will make a guest appearance right here in The Juicery! Maybe something with mint... watermelon.... we want to hear from YOU!, VEGAN you say? Craving a lil veg? Something warm? Listen up: a flavor frenzy of tomato, white beans, kale, spices and a smidgen of bread makes our scrumptious RIBOLLITA soup! Wait, there's more! Curried to perfection, we've got ANOTHER VEGAN SOUP featuring potatoes, carrots and lentils! Just like mama makes it! We've got soup for days, so come on down for a cup between now and 5pm!, NEW AT THE JUICERY: We now carry 'Green Chia' kombucha beverages! Extra tasty, extra filling, a sip-able superfood!!! Also, it's never too late or too cold for a cup of VEGETARIAN MAPLE ROASTED BUTTERNUT SOUP! Yes, you read that right! And with only half a pot left, I'd head over ASAP to get some while it's hot!, Look: it's gloomy, it's cold, our bodies are tired and discouraged... You have two choices- succumb to the rainy day blues or make the oh so rewarding trek down to the Juicery for a TANGY TONIC (the tastiest source of vitamin C in town)!!!, One of our favorite regulars showing off our new shirts!!!
You are awesome Sam. Thanks for the Reps!!, Come and brave the snow for some delicious SOUP!! We have three on today, Curry Lentil, Ribollita, and a very special Vegetarian Maple Roasted Butternut! Open till 5 tonight!, We're Open!!!, The Juicery is open today until Nemo really shows up this afternoon, come get a juice while you can!!, Congratulations Tamara Jane!!! You have won the $50 Gift Certificate to The Juicery this month!!!, Only 3 hours left to "LIKE" our FB page and be entered to win a 50$ gift certificate! Share this post to be entered twice. We will announce the winner tomorrow!, Only 2 days to go to LIKE our page!! A $50 gift certificate and tee is on the line! Share this post to be entered twice, boom!, Only 28 more page likes to go before we hand out a $50 gift certificate and a free tee!! Share this post and double your chances to win!! Gotta love free juicee :) drawing feb 1!, Vegetarian Loaded Potato, Vegan Ribollita, and Vegan Curry Lentil soups!! So many options! Can you think of a better lunch on this frigid day??, Come try some vegetarian Grilled Cheese and Tomato Soup Soup!! We also have some good ol Vegan Chili! Mmmmm mmmmmmmm, Have you tried our *NEW* vegetarian sweet potato & corn chowder?? It's hot today along with the ribollita! Come n get it!, Don't forget to "like" our page before February 1st! If we make it to 1,000 we'll be giving out a $50 gift certificate and a Juicery tee!! Only 67 to go!, How do you plan on spending this warm January weekend??, Help us get to 1,000 Page Likes, and our gift certificate prize will more than double! One randomly selected person that has "liked" us will receive a $50 gift certificate and a Juicery tee instead of a $20 one! Tell your friends, and make sure they'll treat you to a pineango-beet-tango if they win :) Drawing Feb. 1!, Hey juice heads! "Like" us and be entered to win a 20 dollar gift certificate and a free Juicery t-shirt!! Dont worry, you're entered if you've already liked us :) Our random drawing will be February 1st! Spread the word!, Have you heard? Your first hour in the parking garage is now free!! Easier than ever to pop in for your favorite juice!!!, WE ARE OPEN FOR NEW YEARS DAY!!! Start your year off right!, What are your New Years resolutions?? We're here 9am till 5 for the holiday!, Gift Certificates still available!! Enjoy a FREE medium juice or smoothie with the purchase of a $25 gift certificate!, Souppppp!!! Vegan chili & curry lentil and veg.
 Mmhhmm mmm goooood, Today's soups (12.19) vegan chili & curry lentil and veg. Warm up on this wet and soggy day with some soup and a delicious fresh squeezed juice!!!, The Juicery Open Year Round, The Juicery Open Year Round http://conta.cc/12jkFAe, Got a smartphone?? Get the square app! Pay for your lifeblood juice with your phone and rack up some sweet rewards. Go to square's website for more details!, 12.12.12.... Who's feelin lucky???, Great gift ideas?! How about a Juicery Gift Certificate!! Come on by, welcome December with some SNOW!! warm up with a soup or quench your thirst with a delicious juice., null, Juicery T-shirts on sale NOW! Come n get it!!, Mutant carrots, tots cray, Thinking of holiday gifts?? We have Gift Certificates in all amounts! Think about July when you'll be obsessed with a Very Berry on a hot day!, Thinking of holiday gifts?? We have Gift Certificates in all amounts! Think about July when you'll be obsessed with a Very Berry on a hot day!, Come in Black Friday: Buy a gift certificate for $20 and get a free smoothie!, Happy Thanksgiving to all! We will be closed today and reopen tomorrow at 7:45am!, Soup today at The Juicery!!, New soup!! Vegetable medley, chunks of potato, tomatoes, delicious!, ATTENTION: Facebook has begun to ask page administrators to pay to promote their pages, now only 10% of page fans receive the updates we post here. To receive ALL of The Juicery posts, you must do the following:

1) Go to The Juicery FB Page
2) Hover your mouse over where it says "LIKED" and click on "Add to Interests Lists"

By simply doing this, you will continue to receive ALL of our posts and our page will not be "removed" by Facebook from what shows up in your news feed., You know what's really cool? Equality & civil rights.
You know what's even cooler? The Juicery is open!
Smoothies. 'Murrica. Smiles., Show us your "I VOTED" sticker today and receive one FREE SUPPLEMENT in your smoothie or juice!!, Come warm up with some Curry lentil soup or vegan chili!, Today's soup: Ribollita, and Curry Vegetable and Lentil!, Looking for something with a bit of spice for lunch?? Try some curry vegetable & lentil or spicy black bean soup!, Our soup today is Ribollita, made with bread and vegetables. If you love minestrone you'll love this one!, Come get a bowl of our delicious CHILI for lunch!!!, Soup is now available @ The Juicery!!! Come get a bowl of our amazing chili today!!! Vegan & GF!! We will have a rotation of delicious soups created by Kamasouptra of Portland, ME all fall & winter!!!, Starting sometime in October we will start serving an amazing selections of soups!!!, Its official: THE JUICERY will be staying open year round!! No closing this winter!!! Yayyyy!!, DON'T BE SCARED TO COME DOWN TO THE JUICERY ON MARKET SQUARE DAY!! LOOK OUT FOR HUMAN SIZED BANANAS AND WATERMELONS!!!, We now sell pure coconut water by the can! 2$ for small & $3 for large!, Remember we are open until 7:45 pm everyday!!!Come get a smoothie after the beach!, New Summer hours: 7:45am- 7:45pm!!! Last juice is at 7!!! Smoothies until we close!!!, OK EVERYONE!!! It is official: We will start staying open until 7:45pm at night beginning this Friday! This will last all summer so don't forget to show your support during the new late hours!!, How many Juicery fans want us to start staying open later than 6pm? If we did....would you show up for a dinner smoothie or wrap? Post what time you think we should stay open until and your wish might just come true:), Our awesome Juicery Team 2012!!!!, 2nd Maine Squeeze location now open! 28 Monument Square!, Just a reminder folks: we are open from 7:45am - 6 pm everyday!, Is anyone missing this stuffed animal. It was left at The Juicery by a child in the last few weeks. Share this post and maybe it will find its owner:), We are going all fruity in Maine Squeeze with the opening of our third location!!, We open @ 7:45am...come get a breakfast smoothie like the Prana or Acai Energy! You will feel better through out your day!, WE ARE OPEN TODAY UNTIL 6PM...COME COOL OFF WITH A SMOOTHIE!!!, We open @ 7:45am everyday. Get in here early for your morning elixir and beat the crowds!, Up a little late last night watching the Bruins beat the Capitals? Come get a Costa Rica Blend: mango, peaches & orange juice!, Ever tried a juice with mint! It's amazing!, null, We open on Easter @ 10am !!! Come get that carrot juice!, null, It's a good day for a Citrus Sunshine; fresh squeezed orange with a hint of lemon!, Out late last night? Come get a carrot/orange/beet juice to re-boost your immune system!, I hope everyone knows that we stay open until 6pm everyday!, Come liven up with a LIFE BLOOD today!!!, I know there must be a reason our hours are 7:45am-6pm everyday!!! COME GET THAT PRANA W/ BLUEBERRIES YOU HAVE BEEN CRAVING ALL WINTER!!!, Did you know we open at 7:45am everyday? Come get a smoothie before work!, Come try our new type of tempeh!!! It's friggin' good in a indo, world or salad!!!, We open today @7:45am!! Come and get the stuff you were missing all winter!!, We are now open for the 2012 season!!!!, The wait is over.....We are opening this Saturday Morning at 7:45am!!!, 9 days left until opening day....Saturday the 24th!!!, null, WE ARE OPENING IN 2 WEEKS!!! THE COUNT DOWN BEGINS!!!

Sign up for our newsletter through our website link below and get a coupon sent to your email!!  

Also help us get to 1,000 likes by sharing/liking this post!!!!
YOU ARE AWESOME , The Juicery is opening on Saturday March 24th at 7:45 AM !!!!! Sign up for our newsletter through our website PortsmouthJuicery.com and get a 25% off coupon sent to your email!!, Click on the Welcome link below and join our Juicery email list and get a 25% OFF Coupon. Please push your like/share buttons so we can get this out there! If we can get 1,000 likes and emails by the end of this summer The Juicery will stay open through New Years and maybe even try for all year long. We are dead serious!!! How's that for incentive :), Click Below on the link to join our email list and receive a 25% OFF Coupon for your first smoothie of the year!, Join our email list and we'll send you a coupon for 25% OFF your first smoothie of the year.
 We'll be opening soon (near the end of march)!!! If you sign up for our emails we will send you a reminder before we open along with other specials and coupons. Find our email sign up on our fb page under the welcome tab in the left hand corner. You can also join through our website: PortsmouthJuicery.com  Hope everyone enjoyed the warm winter. See you all very soon!, null, Thank you everyone for such an amazing 2011 season!!! Spring will be here soon. We may open earlier this year!!!, Only 14 days until we close for the winter....come and get the good stuff while you can. We just reworked the Chai Pumpkin Smoothie and it's even better than before!, WE ARE OPEN UNTIL DECEMBER 1st!!! , If you are ever in Portland Maine come check out our second juice bar called Maine Squeeze...5 1/2 Moulton Street, near the water in the Old Port. Some really wild new smoothies up there., WE WILL BE STAYING OPEN THROUGH NOVEMBER THIS YEAR!!!, TRY OUR MINT-BLUEBERRY SMOOTHIE TODAY!!!, FOR THE MONTH OF APRIL, HAPPY HOUR BETWEEN 5-7pm, TAKE 20% OFF ALL SMOOTHIES!!!, THE JUICERY IS NOW OPEN FOR THE SEASON
8am-7pm, 7 DAYS A WEEK!!!!, THE JUICERY IS CLOSED FOR THE SEASON !!! SEE YOU APRIL 1st 2011!!!, null, Great blog article about the Juicery: www.EarthyCrunchyNewEngland.com
Thank you Kelly for all the props!!!, MGMT DRANK MY JUICE?!!, Happy 4/20...even though this day means nothing to me anymore.....FREE WHEATGRASS with any purchase of a smoothie or Juice when you ask for the 4/20 Special :), BLUESDAY SPECIAL: FRESH SQUEEZED ORANGE, APPLE,CARROT, GINGER & MINT. (Available all week) ASK FOR THIS ONLINE SPECIAL & GET A SHOT OF FLAX FOR FREE!!!, OPENING DAY SPECIAL:  FRESH SQUEEZED ORANGE & CARROT JUICE, FROZEN BANANA W/ A HINT OF GINGER. START THE SEASON OUT RIGHT!!!! FREE POWDERED SUPPLEMENT IN THIS DRINK IF YOU ASK FOR THE ONLINE SPECIAL TODAY :), I will be posting specials and deals via facebook and twitter as soon as we open!!!, OPENING THURSDAY APRIL 1ST!!!!! NO JOKE!!!!, Closing for the winter in a week... re-opening for the season, April 1st 2010., null, Photos taken by Jana, null, null)