List(Cheers to the start of our 2016 Season today!, null, A raccoon clamming on Pleasant Bay! #wildlifebytheocean, Thank you, Christopher Setterlund, for such a great piece!
http://www.capecod.com/lifestyle/an-inside-peek-at-the-capes-only-5-star-resort-the-wequassett/, Happy Easter weekend, from our family to yours!, "Hope springs eternal."- Alexander Pope, We are honored to be in such great company. Thank you Forbes Travel Guide! 
http://blog.forbestravelguide.com/9-top-independent-hotels-that-you-should-visit, We think you will enjoy this recent wedding! #weddingwednesday
http://www.weddingsmarthasvineyard.com/blog/real-weddings/cape-cod-real-wedding-kristen-sean, With the warmer temperatures, our thoughts turn to summer. We look forward to your return!, A marvelous March day on Pleasant Bay! #almostspring, We appreciate this wonderful coverage from the Boston Globe!
https://www.bostonglobe.com/lifestyle/travel/2016/02/25/for-first-time-cape-cod-has-five-star-hotel/ZBHAlciLFQZEOuJ9qsItJO/story.html, Thank you so much for your love and support which we greatly appreciate.  We look forward to working harder than ever to be worthy of this very proud distinction., Wequassett Resort and Golf Club earns the coveted Five-Star rating from Forbes Travel Guide, designating the resort the only property on Cape Cod to receive this accolade. There are 76 Five-Star hotels in the United States and 154 internationally.  We are very proud to have earned this significant achievement and to become part of an elite group of the world’s top rated Five-Star hotels and resorts., Snow drifts from yesterday's storm., Congratulations to the "Best Hotels in Massachusetts". We are honored to be a part of this group!
http://travel.usnews.com/Hotels/Massachusetts-r71/, Sunset over Round Cove., Cold and clear!, Chef Hackney and our soon to be state-of-the-art kitchen for twenty-eight Atlantic! #2016season, Time to go South....Happy Weekend!, Awaiting our first snow fall!, Warmest wishes for a very Happy New Year from our family to yours!, We loved this recent wedding. Thank you Town and Country!, May Peace, Joy, Hope and Happiness be yours during this Holiday Season and throughout the New Year!, Our management team enjoying a holiday celebration on Nantucket!, Holiday spirit in Twenty-Eight Atlantic!, Serenity on Ryder's Cove., Holiday Cheer!, We loved this festive storefront!, December clamming on Pleasant Bay., To celebrate National Cookie Day, our Pastry Chef, Benjamin Metais, created this special chocolate chip cookie...83% butter and two types of French chocolate. Happy Weekend!, Season's Greetings!, Our local lobsterman is headed East this morning!, It's beginning to look a lot like Christmas...Main Street, Chatham., Hope you enjoyed a happy and blessed Thanksgiving. 'Tis the season!, If you're a Jackie! 
Thank you, domino.com.http://domino.com/celebrity-favorite-hotels, Our management team enjoyed a lovely oyster and wine tasting last night., A twist on the traditional. Thank you Town & Country!http://www.townandcountrymag.com/leisure/dining/news/a4366/wequassett-resort-cranberry-sauce-recipe/, Soak up the weekend!, Our Signature accommodations at dusk., Thank you to the Wequassett team; we were honored to be named The Boston Globe's Top Places To Work 2015, #2 Top Large Employers! http://bostonglobe.com/topplaces, Sunrise in Chatham taken by a local lobsterman., Bon appetit! Enjoy your weekend!, Cozy night and firelight, Thank you, Veterans!, Fall Still Life, Sunrise on Round Cove., Relax and enjoy the weekend!, Fall serenity..., November poolside!, Endless Summer Hydrangea!, 8,000 bulbs just planted here and 20,000 more to go! Should be a beautiful spring!, Cheers to a Spooky,Happy Halloween!, The sun is back...enjoy! #nofilter, Perfect night to nestle by the fire!, Coming soon....Hunter's Moon!, Thank you to Haute Living Boston!
http://hauteliving.com/2015/10/haute-spots-boston-fall-at-the-wequassett-resort-and-golf-club-on-cape-cod/590407/?market=boston, Come and enjoy the Charcuterie in Thoreau's. Happy Weekend!, "At sunset, Nature is painting for us...day after day...pictures of infinite beauty." - John Ruskin, A Chat with our Front of the House Manager, Lucas Mulkern!

1. What is your hometown?  Marshfield, MA 
2. What is the best part of your job? My incredible staff.
3. What is your idea of happiness? A fall afternoon with a fire surrounded by my friends.
4. What is your favorite thing about Cape Cod? The change of seasons and the beauty of the landscape.
5. What are your hobbies? Spending time with my German Shepard, Koby, cooking, the beach in the summer and skiing in the winter., We are delighted to share the results of this year’s Conde Nast Traveler Readers' Choice awards. We were ranked #44 in the Top 100 Hotels & Resorts in the World. Thank you for this honor!

http://www.cntraveler.com/readers-choice-awards/2015/top-100-hotels-and-resorts-in-the-world-readers-choice-awards, Good Morning Monday!, Chef James Hackney's favorite fall offering on twenty-eight Atlantic's menu, Pumpkin Agnolotti with Lobster and Roasted Chestnuts. Happy Weekend!, Thank you BusinessInsider.com for including us on this esteemed list! http://www.businessinsider.com/best-hotels-in-america-2015-9, A Chat with our Maître d'hôtel, Joseph Sadlemire!

1. How many years have you worked at Wequassett? 29 years!
2. What do you enjoy most about your job? Taking care of the guests.
3. What are your activities in the off season? I love working out, going to the movies and spending time with my niece, nephew, 
three dogs and my cat, Jimmy.
4. What is your favorite food? Breakfast food, especially Eggs Benedict., "5 Crazy-Romantic Fall Beach Getaways" 
Thank you Coastal Living! We are proud to be in such great company. http://dailycatch.coastalliving.com/2015/10/08/romantic-fall-beach-getaways/, Come join us for a Maple Old Fashioned by the fire pit! Happy Columbus Day Weekend!, This coming weekend will be the last of the season to savor lunch at LiBAYtion and the Outer Bar and Grille., null, null, null, Return to Splendor! #nofilter, A Chat with our Executive Chef James Hackney!

1.Where were you born? Wiltshire, England
2. Name three ingredients you could not cook with out? Parmesan Cheese, Cumin and Lemons
3. Favorite food? Sandwiches of any kind. They are like a mini meal in my mouth with lots of layers.
4. What do you like to do during your time off? Head to the mountains and go skiing with my wife and two daughters., null, Dark 'N' Stormy. Happy Weekend!, A pop of color on a dreary day. Hello October!, We wanted to share a very special moment from this past weekend courtesy of Rob Adams Films.
 #WeddingWednesday, A welcome creation for our guests from our Pastry Chef!#chocolatecoveredstrawberries, "Autumn, the year's last, loveliest smile" -William Cullen Bryant, Beautiful picture shared by Steve...thank you! #superbloodmoon, Step outside and let the night happen...Happy Weekend!, Rise and shine..., “Life starts all over again when it gets crisp in the fall.”
― F. Scott Fitzgerald, September sky..., Vibrant flowers and blue skies!, Pretty perfect Saturday...81 degrees and sunny!, Time for a toast...Happy weekend!, Lavender sunset..., Absolutely gorgeous piece!  #WeddingWednesday, Bird's eye view of the resort...looking good down there!, Perfect tennis weather...anyone up for a game?, It's a fire pit type of night...Cheers!, What a great blog!  Thank you Luxe Recess!
http://luxerecess.com/wequassett/, We love sunset in September..., Happy Labor Day!, A perfect Cape Cod day!, It's too beautiful outside, not to indulge...cheers!, Time to pour that glass of wine and enjoy...Happy Weekend!, View from the Mother Goose house..., null, Perfect start to September!, It's the weekend...time to reflect and enjoy!, The sun has come out and the forecast looks great!, null, It's time for a happy weekend...cheers!, Smooth sailing on the Bay!, Family of four..., Room service on the deck...don't mind if I do!, Summertime, 
And the livin' is easy
-Gershwin, Relax...Refresh...Revive...Happy Weekend!, Blue Skies
Never saw the sun shinin' so bright
Never saw things lookin' so right
Noticin' the days hurryin' by
When you're in love, my how they fly
-Irving Berlin, Perfect night for Jazz and dinner!, Now that's a raw bar!, Let the weekend begin...cheers!, SUP?, No reservations needed...serving dinner nightly!, This will do..., Freshest lobster roll around... #OuterBarandGrille #Wequassett, Happy Weekend!, Full Moon Party TONIGHT!  Celebrate the glowing white moon hanging over Pleasant Bay and everything magical about a Cape Cod summer night!  Enjoy dancing under the stars to the sounds of The Mark Greel Band and a creative menu of small bites and late-night snacks.

Please call our catering department at 508-430-3025 or 508-430-3020 to reserve your spot!  to reserve; price is $65.00 per person inclusive and a cash bar will be available.

Come and create a unique Wequassett memory., So proud of Cape Cod National, rated #1 course in Massachusetts!  You can play if you stay!, null, null, null, null, The world is your oyster!, Perfect Friday afternoon...Cheers to a wonderful weekend!, Sneak peek..., null, New children's beach..., A beautiful evening to cap off a gorgeous day..., You deserve this...Happy Weekend!, null, null, null, null, null, null, Oh what a night!  Thanks for sharing your set list G. Love..., Good Humor man, the most popular guy on property!, The place to be...Cheers!, Glorious day for a sail..., Here's a "quick" look at the firework finale last night!  It was spectacular...party pictures to come., The tables are set and the sun has come out...it's time for a party!  Happy Fourth of July!, Let the games begin...Happy Weekend!, Proud moment for us.  Thank you..., After a crazy start to the day, the sun came out!, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, Wequassett's 12th Annual Jazz Festival kicks off tonight!  Come on by to enjoy the cool rhythms of the Juilliard Jazz Ensemble.  Doors open at 7pm, show starts at 8:30pm, open to the public and a wonderful night for all!, Happy Weekend!, A sea of hydrangeas..., So thankful to everyone that voted in Cape Cod Life's Best of Survey!  Honored to have won the Gold for the best Resort, Wedding Venue, Fine Dining restaurant, Outdoor restaurant and Waterfront Restaurant!, Everyone needs to try the new "Scottish Flower" drink featured at the Outer Bar & Grille and LiBAYtion...Cheers!, Row, row, row your boat..., null, Let the light shine in!, It's time to kick off this weekend right...your chaise lounge awaits!, Our Fourth of July celebration is spectacular...thank you Forbes Travel Guide!, It's definitely one of these kind of nights...Happy Weekend!, Peaceful moment enjoying the view..., null, Good morning from Pleasant Bay!, A family affair..., Cheers the unofficial start to summer is here!, We would so much appreciate your support..., Memorial Day Surprise!  Book now and receive 20% off your favorite room type and complimentary breakfast daily.  Call 800-225-7125. Offer is valid from 5/22 – 5/25 and based upon availability.  Happy Weekend!, Outer Bar and Grille is officially open for lunch 11:30am - 3pm!  Summer is coming..., The last tulip garden to bloom was worth the wait!, USA today included Wequassett's Lobster Roll in the debate - who does it better Maine or Massachusetts??  We may be biased but we vote Massachusetts!  Take a look for yourself..., Don’t poets know it, Better than others? God can’t be always everywhere: and, so, Invented Mothers.  -Sir Edwin Arnold
Happy Mother's Day!, The dock is in...a sign that summer is on its way.  The forecast looks perfect this weekend...Cheers!, The table is set..., Happy Cinco de Mayo!, "A host of golden daffodils; Beside the lake, beneath the trees, Fluttering and dancing in the breeze."
-William Wordsworth, Introducing our Mimosa Three Ways...Orange, Grapefruit or Strawberry Kool-Aid!  Cheers to the weekend!, Stairway to heaven..., Bee's are buzzing and the flowers are blooming!, Your chair awaits...Happy Weekend!, Twenty-eight Atlantic opens tonight for the season...come by soon!, Happy Weekend!, Is it summer yet...looks like it down at the pool today!, null, Another gorgeous wedding to share...Happy #WeddingWednesday!, The spring flowers are about to pop!, A beautiful weekend awaits..., Take a look at this romantic wedding from last season in this week's #WeddingWednesday feature! http://www.stylemepretty.com/little-black-book-blog/2015/04/06/romantic-wequassett-resort-wedding/, Beautiful image from our friends at Organic Photography!, It's April first and Spring has Sprung!, April's almost here...no fooling!, Happy Spring!, Spring is in the air..., Coming Soon...Happy Weekend!, Bay reflections...Happy Weekend!, No matter how long the winter, spring is sure to follow...Happy Weekend!, If you enjoy staying at Wequassett Resort, if you love the fine dining experience at Twenty-Eight Atlantic, sipping a cocktail at LiBAYtion or having a waterfront lunch at the Outer Bar & Grille...please take a moment to vote for our resort and restaurants.  Your support means the world to us...Thank you!, Looking up to the evening glow around our Cranberry building..., Happy Weekend!, Beyond excited that Wequassett ranked #8 in Training Magazine's Top 125 training organizations!, Dusk on Pleasant Bay...Happy Weekend!, Get all of your questions answered about a vacation at Wequassett Resort!, It is that time of year when we ask for your support through voting for us in the 2015 Travel + Leisure World’s Best Awards.  We strive to continually improve your experience at the resort and hope that you will share your feedback through the survey.  We very much appreciate your endorsement and would be so honored to continue to elevate our ranking within this important list., We are honored to be among such great company!  #74 in the U.S., #2 in Massachusetts and #1 on Cape Cod!  Happy Weekend!, The snow has stopped!  Hope everyone made it through Blizzard Juno safely!, Can't wait to be back on the Garden Terrace enjoying the raw bar!  Day dreaming of summer days...Happy Weekend!, Cool and calm on the bay today..., Best of luck to our New England Patriots!  Go get 'em boys!, Blue days, all of them gone
Nothin' but blue skies from now on
Blue skies smilin' at me
Nothin' but blue skies do I see
-Ella Fitzgerald
Happy Weekend!, The fire pits still burning bright..., Round Cove icing over...still beautiful!, Completely honored Twenty-Eight Atlantic made this prestigious list -    #7th Best Restaurant in America according to Open Table!, From our family to yours...Merry Christmas!, "Trim up the tree with Christmas stuff
Like bingle balls and whofoo stuff..."
-Dr. Seuss, "The Christmas wreath is a sign of welcome, inviting all to enter..."
-Author Unknown, Merry and bright...happy weekend!, This will do..., It may be cool outside, but it's still beautiful...Happy Weekend!, Tis the season..., Thrilled to be #23 on Travel + Leisure's World's Best list for resorts in the U.S.!, The beauty of fall lingers on..., So thankful for all of you!  Happy Thanksgiving from the Wequassett family to each of yours!, Hope all your Thanksgiving prep work is done. Our Pastry Team has put the final touches on the pure chocolate pirate ship...amazing!, A look through twenty-eight Atlantic..., As the sun sets beyond the horizon, the weekend officially begins...Cheers!, So proud of our Zagat rating; #1 restaurant on Cape Cod!  
Decor - 29, Food - 28 and Service - 27, Spring bulbs are still being planted...the count is over 30,000!  Can't wait until they bloom..., We are honored to be ranked #2 in Boston Globe's Top Places to Work for large companies!, Brisk and beautiful on the Cape...Happy Weekend!, The "Grey Lady" stopped by this morning..., It's time to start thinking about the holidays and the only place to have your holiday party is here at Wequassett!  Call 508-432-5400 for details today., "A garden is never so good as it will be next year."
-Thomas Cooper 
4,000 spring bulbs planted today!, November:  the last month of autumn, but the beginning of a new adventure; time to take risks and do the unexpected.  Happy Weekend!, Time to snuggle up and get cozy!, Daylight savings makes it a little easier to catch these kind of mornings..., Happy Halloween from our French Macaroon Pumpkin Patch!  #TrickorTreat, Shine bright like a diamond..., Here comes the sun..., Join us on November 14th from 5:30pm to 9:30pm for the Harvest Night Gala to benefit the Laurel School. Highlights include a live auction with Charles Bailey Gates and music by Sarah Swain. Tickets may be purchased at www.laurelschoolcapecod.org., Cheers to Friday and the Round Cove Suite!, There are no rules of architecture for a castle in the clouds. 
~G.K. Chesterton, So excited to be ranked #56 in the WORLD on the Conde Nast Traveler Readers' Choice Awards 2014.  We are so grateful for your support...thank you!, It's Friday and the weekend's forecast looks perfect!, Feels like summer all over again..., This morning's breathtaking sunrise.  Happy Columbus Day!, Celebrate this Columbus Day Weekend with us!, Beautiful #WeddingWednesday blog!   , A new fall favorite in twenty-eight Atlantic or Thoreau's...the Maple Spiced Pumpkin Manhattan!, Flattered to be among such great company and the perfect season for this amenity!, Stay cozy...Happy Weekend!, A little intimate #WeddingWednesday in our Private Dining Room., Come and enjoy one of the Jazz Festival's crowd favorites, the  Allnighters, at the Sixth Annual Scholarship Fundraiser - Friday, October 10th at 6pm!  Call 508-430-1165 for tickets and details..., Good Morning Monday!, Meet you for a drink at the Fire Pit Promenade..., Melt in your mouth delicious - Lobster, pear, ginger and parsnips!  Sneak peak at the new fall menu at twenty-eight Atlantic., We love the new fall color palette..., Enjoy the last weekend of summer..., Perfect evening to indulge in twenty-eight Atlantic's signature Soft Baked Maple Cheesecake...delicious!, Honored to be on this prestigious list!  Thank you to all of our guests and Andrew Harper for recognizing Wequassett Resort!  , Beautiful way to start the week..., TGIF..., Happy Wedding Wednesday..., There's a sunrise and a sunset every single day and they're free.  Don't try to miss so many of them.
-Jo Walton, Summer in September..., Celebrate this Labor Day Weekend!, Exquisite day on Pleasant Bay., The scene is set.  Happy Weekend!, Pamper yourself with dinner at twenty-eight Atlantic!, Wish you were here...., Can't get much better than this...Happy Friday!, “Summer afternoon—summer afternoon; to me those have always been the two most beautiful words in the English language.” 
― Henry James, Last night's Full Moon Party was spectacular!, We are Wequassett and we accept Chatham Bars Inn #icebucketchallenge to support Pete Frates and  #ALS!  We nominate our friend at Pain D'Avignon Café Boulangerie, our fearless leader - Mark Novota and BMW Gallery Of Norwell!  You have 24 hours to complete this challenge!, Indulge yourself at our new waterfront..., Last night's double rainbow over Pleasant Bay!, Best seat in the house..., A beautiful night to enjoy the very talented Dr. Michael White!, Love these lush gardens and unique plantings!, Cheers to August!!, It's summertime summertime sum sum summertime..., With their optimistic hue and general association with good cheer, yellow roses are the perfect way to toast friends, lift spirits and send a general wish for well-being!, twenty-eight Atlantic's Lobster Raviolis...before and after!  #TransformationTuesday, Our tropical paradise awaits...Happy Weekend!, A look back to LiBAYtion and the Outer Bar & Grille!, Dining on the water just got a whole lot better..., null, null, null, Everybody deserves a treat on this beautiful day!  Our Good Humor Ice Cream Truck is making the rounds...Happy Weekend!, Get "tuned" up for the weekend!  #ThirstyThursday, Happy Weekend!, This is the place to be... #ThirstyThursday, Don't miss Suede tonight on the Garden Terrace!  Doors open at 7:00pm.  #JazzFestival, It's never too late in the day to post a beautiful sunrise over Pleasant Bay..., We had to share some of our favorite fireworks!, It may be a day late...but it's nothing short of SPECTACULAR!  Happy 5th of July!, Happy Fourth of July from the Chatham Parade team who passed out over 7,500 popsicles to the spectators!, null, Due to the impending inclement weather, our Fourth of July Celebration has been postponed to Saturday, July 5th.  
Please call Robin at 508-430-6861 for additional information., null, null, School's out and the nights roll in
Man, just like a long lost friend
You ain't seen in a while
And can't help but smile
Kenny Chesney, Summertime, Poolside entertainment starts tonight with our friend, Mark Greel.  Come join us for a cocktail at LiBAYtion!, We're happy to share this fun video showcasing a recent bride and groom enjoying our newly renovated waterfront!  Thank you McElroy Films!, The Outer Bar & Grille is officially open for lunch and dinner with entertainment nightly!, It's opening week of our 11th Annual Jazz Festival!  Julliard Jazz Ensemble kicks us off THIS Wednesday, June 25 in our new waterfront space!, We love when the bay sparkles..., Everyone's new favorite, the Coconut Mojito!  Cheers to a beautiful weekend!, We've saved a seat for you..., Let the light shine through!, Room with a view..., It's going to be a full moon tonight on Friday the 13th...Happy Weekend!, So excited to announce our 2014 Jazz line-up...check out the website for the full schedule.  We'll be dancing under the stars before you know it!, Have you seen our "Dr. Seuss" flowers? They are Giant alliums and are a relative of the onion. Executive Chef James Hackney knows this all too well and was caught purple handed last week stealing one for a twenty-eight Atlantic dish!, Welcome to the weekend!, Watermelon Carpaccio - A Classic combination of cheese and fruit with the sweetness of aged balsamic to pull it all together.  A must try at twenty-eight Atlantic!, As featured in June's Coastal Living enjoy a Cucumber Mint Julep with us...Happy Weekend!, Good to see some old friends back on the bay!, Cheers to the unofficial start of summer!, Perfect setting for a twilight stroll..., Everyone's new favorite spot...cheers to the weekend!, The Outer Bar & Grille is open for lunch and it truly feels like summer!, Can't get enough of these tulips!, Enjoy the Chai Tea Delight at twenty-eight Atlantic and support Boston Bakes and breast cancer research now through May 17th!, null, Someday we'll find it, the rainbow connection, the lovers, the dreamers and me.
-Kermit, Beautiful start to the weekend...Enjoy!, null, A spring treat from Executive Pastry Chef, Benjamin Metais - Citrus Tart with Kalamansie Soup...delish!, Spring has Sprung...Have a wonderful weekend!, Excited to announce the opening of twenty-eight Atlantic TONIGHT!  Here's a little taste...Flight of Oysters, Tuna Poke and Butter Braised Lobster!, From our family to yours, Happy Easter!, It's time to celebrate...Happy Weekend!, Please show us your love and we promise an unforgettable experience...Thank you!, Congratulations to our Executive Chef James Hackney, Rising Star!, "Always
it's
Spring and everyone's
in love and flowers pick themselves”  - E.E. Cummings, null, Perfect sunrise to start the week...Happy Monday!, Thousands of new plantings and lush gardens to come!  Happy Weekend!, We're happy to be open for our 37th season... and to unveil this stunning renovation!!!, Top o' the weekend!  Cheers!, The frame is set for breathtaking views!, Working hard and progressing nicely!, Spring can't come fast enough!  Happy #WeddingWednesday!, Everyone deserves a Valentine's Day treat.  Here's a SNEAK PEEK... Coming April 2014!, #ThrowbackThursday Missing LiBAYtion, Outer Bar & Grille and so much more!, Congratulations to all of Training Magazine's "Top 125".  Honored to be ranked #25!, Thrilled to be among the BEST!  , “What good is the warmth of summer, without the cold of winter to give it sweetness.”  ― John Steinbeck
Happy Weekend!, Remember the cocktail at LiBAYtion, the jazz under the stars, the special occasion at twenty-eight Atlantic, the beautiful gardens and panoramic views...please take a moment to vote for us.  
Thank you for your continued support!  , Winter reflection on Pleasant Bay!, Warmest wishes for a very happy and healthy New Year!, May you have a very Merry Christmas!, Cheers to a festive weekend!, Moonrise over Pleasant Bay..., "Each year you bring to me delight, meaning in the Christmas night
Oh Christmas tree, oh Christmas tree, of all the trees most lovely..."
Happy Shopping!, Happy Weekend!, ...But the prettiest sight to see, is the holly that will be, on your own front door...!, It's beginning to look a lot like Christmas..., From our family to yours, Happy Thanksgiving!, Thanksgiving flowers are arriving...thanks to the resort's florist, Moonshell Designs!, Cranberries harvested...preparations have begun!, It's time for the weekend...your spot awaits!, Excited to be on this prestigious list.  Rankings will be announced at their annual conference this February in San Diego!, Thanks to our employees we are very honored to be on this coveted list!, Another delightful weekend awaits.  Happy Friday!, Chocolate Truffle Torte, Vanilla Creme Anglaise, Spiced Blueberry Compote...yum!, First snow..., A  proud salute to all of our Veterans!, "...I can't remember November sunshine more beautiful than today, pleading it's true but what can I do to make sweet November stay?" - Sammy Davis Jr., Sweet November, Nice night for an intimate bite..., Try us for your next meeting or special event., Cheers to the Red Sox!, Adding 12,000 bulbs...tulips, daffodils and hyacinths.  It will be a beautiful spring!, Perfect night to enjoy your fire pit!, Cozy up by the fire in Thoreau's this weekend...featuring this yummy pork chop!, Best of luck to our friends..., Thank you to our fans and Travel + Leisure...we're proud to be one of the Top Family Hotels in the US!, Enjoy a great value this autumn...  http://www.wequassett.com/offers, Doesn't get better than this...Happy Weekend!, Happy Wedding Wednesday.  Here's one of our fall favorites!  http://www.stylemepretty.com/2013/01/28/cape-cod-wedding-from-lovely-little-details/, Honored to be among the best in the Northeast!  Thank you to our fans and Conde Nast Traveler!, “Exploration is really the essence of the human spirit.”  
-Frank Borman
Cheers to Columbus Day Weekend!, Cranberry Harvest Jubilee and Dance Party with the Ray Greene Band, Sunday, October 20th at 6pm here at Wequassett!  Promises to be a great night of dinner and dancing.  For ticket information please see this website:  http://harwichcc.com/cape-cod-vacation/cranberry-harvest-jubilee-dance-party/, Wequassett's pumpkin patch!, Twenty years from now you will be more disappointed by the things that you didn’t do than by the ones you did do, so throw off the bowlines, sail away from safe harbor, catch the trade winds in your sails.  Explore, Dream, Discover. –Mark Twain, Cozy up this weekend...Cheers!, Coastal Living shot this at Wequassett...we love the pumpkins! http://www.coastalliving.com/magazine/current-issue/, Cherish these days..., Glorious Indian Summer..., Cheers...Happy Friday!, Remember when... #ThrowbackThursday, "Every leaf speaks bliss to me, fluttering from the autumn tree." 
-Emily Bronte, Enjoy the tastes of fall!, Warm, sunny days, cool nights..., Another impeccable day on the Cape!, Our fall plantings may be in, but it is perfection out there today!, Honored to be named 8# Best Family Resort in Andrew Harper’s Readers’ Choice survey. Thank you for the support!, It's going to be a great weekend...Cheers!, We can't believe it either...Chef Hackney's Fall Tasting Menu premieres this weekend!, Front row seats..., We hear summer's back tomorrow..., Cheers to a beautiful weekend!, It's almost the weekend...relax and luxuriate., Beautiful sunrise over Pleasant Bay..., Scrumptious chocolate treats!, Relax and enjoy your Labor Day!, Leave it all behind...see you this weekend!, Wequassett in bloom..., The Tenth Annual Jazz Festival culminates with an acoustic solo performance by G.Love on Wednesday evening.  #CapeCodJazzFestival, The Mark Greel Band, a Wequassett favorite, performs tomorrow evening under the stars!  #CapeCodJazzFestival, What tickles your fancy?  Happy Weekend!, Yes...that's an airplane cake!  We are very lucky to have such an amazing Pastry Team!, The angel trumpet blooms are a real show stopper in the summer gardens!, Dance the night away to the sophisticated and energetic sounds of The Allnights...Wednesday evening!, The soulful voice of KJ Denhert will fill the air tomorrow night!  #CapeCodJazzFestival, It's time to play...Happy Weekend!, Summer Blooms!, Time for a cool Cantaloupe Martini..., Athene Wilson, a familiar voice around Boston comes to the Cape and performs Wednesday evening!  Doors open at 7pm and show begins at 8:30pm.  #CapeCodJazzFestival, Returning for her ninth year, the ever popular Mercedes Hall performs tomorrow night!  #CapeCodJazzFestival, Indulge yourself...Meyer Lemon Tart, Honey Lavender Grapefruit with an Orange Ginger Sauce.  Happy Weekend!, “it's a smile, it's a kiss, it's a sip of wine ... it's summertime!” 
― Kenny Chesney, Paddle anyone?, Virtuoso guitarist from France, Stephane Wrembel, performs Wednesday night!  #CapeCodJazzFestival, Dr. Michael White is one of today's primary exponents of classic New Orleans jazz. Live Tuesday evening at the Cape Cod Jazz Festival. Doors open at 7pm and show starts at 8:30pm., Hibiscus-tini time...Happy Weekend!, Stunning start to August!, Sitting on the dock of the bay..., Julliard Jazz Ensemble tomorrow night...featuring some of the most talented emerging artists on the Jazz scene!  #CapeCodJazzFestival, Eclectic singer, saxophonist, Grace Kelly takes the stage this Tuesday evening.  Enjoy a complimentary Summer Rose Tasting before the show!  #CapeCodJazzFestival, The sun will come out tomorrow..., Begin your dinner with Chef Hackney's Lobster Salad...Bon Appetit!, Dine alfresco tonight!, Local favorite, Lisa Jason, performs Wednesday night at the Cape Cod Jazz Festival!, One of the most acclaimed singer-songwriters of our time...Rickie Lee Jones performs Tuesday night at the Cape Cod Jazz Festival!, Goodnight Moon..., Time for a sip...Happy Weekend!, Most popular man at the pool..., Grammy nominee, Rebecca Parris performs Wednesday evening at the Cape Cod Jazz Festival!, Come by and sip champagne before Calypso Hurricane!  Complimentary Champagne Tasting begins at 6:30pm and doors open at 7pm tomorrow night!, It's time to relax...happy weekend!, Enjoy the moment..., Ahoy Mate...hidden treasure was found!, Sassy.  Smooth.  Intoxicating...Suede performs Wednesday night!, Three-time Grammy winner, Shawn Colvin joins us tomorrow night  at the Cape Cod Jazz Festival., Thirsty anyone?  Happy Weekend!, The tables are set and it's a perfect night for fireworks!  Happy 4th of July!, Let the festivities begin..., An eclectic mix of music typifies Mary C's distinctive and infectious sound.  Tomorrow night, doors open at 7pm!, Put on your dancing shoes for White Heat Swing Orchestra tomorrow night!  Doors open at 7pm!, Wequassett views...Happy weekend!, Wequassett has launched a Pinterest page!  Take a look..., Come and enjoy the soulful sounds of Ray Greene Wednesday evening at the Cape Cod Jazz Festival.  Doors open at 7pm!, Grammy winner and 7-time Grammy nominee, Paula Cole opens our Tenth Annual Cape Cod Jazz Festival tomorrow evening!  Join us for a spectacular summer night of music under the stars!, Celebrate Summer Solstice!, Join us at the Outer Bar & Grille for a Ten Fresh martini, Tanqueray 10, lime, simple syrup and mint!, Pool or beach...you decide?, Summer activities are awaiting you..., It's going to be this kind of a weekend...Cheers!, Experience our new mobile website from your smartphone today!, The sun will come out...happy weekend!, Tranquil bay and tantalizing menu...twenty-eight Atlantic!, Happy to be named the place to stay by Coastal Living!, Happy Friday...treat yourself!, Start the weekend early..., Celebrate the official Cape Cod start of the summer...Happy Memorial Day weekend!, Memorial Day Weekend we will see the return of the Good Humor Man to Wequassett!, Have you made your plans yet for Memorial Day this weekend? The Wequassett still has rooms available. Fun and exciting activities are planned celebrating the long weekend!  Call 800-225-7125 for more details., Lunch is now available at the Outer Bar & Grille from 11:30am - 3pm daily.  Summer's coming..., Proud to be part of such an eclectic list!, The Wequassett's maiden voyage!, Get to know Chef Hackney..., Happy Mothers Day!  Wishing you all love, happiness and a few sweets..., Rainbow over Pleasant Bay..., Join us for a Grand Mother's Day Brunch in twenty-eight Atlantic from 10:30am - 2:30pm.  Call for reservations 508-430-3000., Promises to be a delightful weekend.  Come visit..., Neat article about Happy Harwich!, Wequassett welcomes you..., Beautiful start to a beautiful weekend..., Chef Hackney welcomes you to twenty-eight Atlantic tonight!  Cheers to 2013!, Twenty-eight Atlantic opens Thursday!  Come sample Chef Hackney's new creations.  Sneak Peek of the Butter Braised Lobster with Smoked Bacon Corn Puree, Clam Fritters, Saffron Aioli and Popcorn Powder!, Classic Spring!, Waterfront sneak peak..., Who doesn't love a window box!, Such a perfect spring day on Cape Cod!, Come experience Forbes' "Hotel of the Day"...see you soon!, A warm and happy Easter to all!, Spring Snow?  Happy Friday!, Sunny, yellow daffodils are on their way...a wonderful sign that spring has arrived!, Read about our popular children's activity...Can't wait to have our first class!, Cape Cod National Golf Club ranked third in Massachusetts.  Stay with us and play this spring!

http://golfweek.com/news/2013/mar/07/2013-golfweeks-best-courses-state-state/?RANKINGS-GolfweeksBest, Vote Harwich Port as Happiest Seaside Town!  It only takes one click!, Wequassett Resort is honored to be #13 on Training Magazine's Top 125 list!, May this Valentine's Day be filled with LOVE!, Take a peek at a recent fall wedding at Wequassett...be inspired by all of the special touches!, Please take a moment to vote for Wequassett!  Your support is truly appreciated..., We were so proud to be part of this list and honored to be in such great company!, Here's a toast to the future, a toast to the past, and a toast to our friends, far and near.  Happy New Year!, Hope that your Christmas was festive and fun!  Enjoy a little respite before the New Year celebrations..., Warmest wishes for the Holidays to all of our Wequassett friends and family!, Congratulations Chef Hackney and team!  Wequassett Resort was voted into "America's Best Hotels for Foodies" by Travel + Leisure!, We're grateful for your support and honored to have made T+L's World's Best list.  Ranked #1 in Massachusetts!, December Twilight..., Holiday Twinkle!, The room is set.  We love a great holiday party...Cheers!, Wequassett Gift Cards are now available online...just in time for the holidays!, It's starting to feel festive!  Happy weekend!, Moon over Pleasant Bay!, Wishing you a Happy Thanksgiving!  There is no better time to say thank you!, null, null, A Night in Monte Carlo for our employees!  Thank you for a tremendous season!, Thank you to all who have served...Happy Veterans Day!, Savor Chef Hackney's tasting menu in twenty-eight Atlantic this weekend.  Tonight's entree is Poached Beef Tenderloin with Mushroom Puree and Root Vegetables., It may feel like winter today, but we're getting ready for spring!  22,927 bulbs planted...tulips, daffodils and hyacinths!, TGIF!  Espresso Martini time..., We are honored to be listed as 3rd Top Large Place to Work in Massachusetts!, A Halloween tradition, Popcorn Balls...Happy Trick-or-Treating!, Wequassett is almost finished cleaning up after Sandy.  We are thinking of all of our friends during this superstorm., Live from Pleasant Bay...Sandy is on here way!  Stay safe everyone!, Congratulations to Dennis Aikman! You won our testimonial contest. We loved your story and video! A gift certificate will be mailed to you. Thanks to all who participated and shared their stories...it was a hard choice!, The Food & Beverage department's masterpiece at our employee pumpkin carving contest!  Happy Friday!, Ocean breeze through the beach grass..., Vibrant fall plantings around property keep us all smiling!, Final days to share your Wequassett story and win a complimentary two-night stay! Follow this link to our testimonial page, upload a picture or video and describe your experience!

(Winner will be announced Friday, October 26th. Offer is valid October/November 2012 and April/May 2013 based upon availability.), Perfect October Sunday..., Happy Friday!  Everyone deserves a treat...Butternut Squash Cream, Poached Forelle Pear, Gingerbread, Confit Cranberry., This view never gets old!, Our house florist creates beautiful arrangements!, Wequassett has landed the #8 spot on the coveted Conde Nast Traveler “Reader’s Choice Awards”!   http://www.cntraveler.com/readers-choice-awards/united-states/top-20-resorts-northeast-usa, Share your Wequassett story and win a complimentary two-night stay!  Follow this link to our testimonial page, upload a picture or video and describe your experience!

(Winner will be announced Friday, October 26th.  Offer is valid October/November 2012 and April/May 2013 based upon availability.), Savor a filet with a choice of sauces and your favorite red in Thoreau's.  Happy weekend!, Relax by the fire pit tonight!, Profiteroles, Vanilla, Salted Caramel and Chocolate...don't they look yummy?, Alive and Shucking...the 12th annual Wellfleet OysterFest is this weekend!  We have a special package, look under the promotions tab to find out more..., The perfect place to be...70 and sunny!  Happy Columbus Day weekend., Join us on Friday evening to support the Harwich Chamber of Commerce and their Charitable Foundation.  Call 508-430-1165 for more information!, A nice evening for a Spiced Apple Cider by the fire..., We had to share this morning's sunrise over Pleasant Bay.  Stunning!, A beautiful start to October!, Roasted Local Cod with Pumpkin Coconut Puree...fall menus premiere tonight!, Sneak Peak at a new scrumptious fall menu item...Roasted Golden Pineapple, Coconut Vanilla Curd, Toasted Macadamia Pound Cake with Pink Guava Coulis!, It's time for red!  Enjoy a glass tonight..., Tranquil afternoon on Round Cove..., Here are some of our favorites!  Which is yours?, Have a little cheese with your wine this evening!, An autumnal feel in Thoreau's..., Sun is shining over Pleasant Bay!, Happy Weekend!, Tonight's mignardises in twenty-eight Atlantic...Raspberry Caramel Ganache Tarts!, Good Morning on Pleasant Bay., Great night for this..., Take a journey into the world of Wequassett.  Click on our new tab!, Aging gracefully...the Antique Hydrangea!, The perfect night for a cozy cocktail and dinner in Thoreau's..., Homemade Lobster Ravioli served with Lobster Brandy Cream Sauce with King Crab and Tarragon...delish!, Sip a Cape Cod Cosmo on this beautiful Labor Day.  Cheers!, Treasure this special holiday weekend...Happy Labor Day!, Bring your dancing shoes for the classic sounds of Greg Hopkins Big Band tonight!  It's been a tremendous Jazz Festival.  Thank you to all who supported it!, Pop, Soul, Funk fused with Blues and a hint of soulful Rock are the sounds that bring crowds to their feet...Mary C and the Stellars tonight at Jazz!, Praline Chocolate Cake with Mocha Whipped Cream, one of Chef Remy's creations...Yum!, Cheers to a beautiful August weekend!, We're very excited that Travel + Leisure included us in this 90-Second Insider video! Take a look!, The Mark Greel Band this evening - one of Wequassett's favorites! Acclaimed dancers, Christopher Beroiz and Natalie Mavor Miles will perform prior to the show!, Wequassett welcomes Stephane Wrembel, a virtuoso guitarist from France, recruited by Woody Allen to score the theme for "Midnight in Paris".  As a special treat tonight there is a complimentary French wine tasting at 6:30pm!, We are proud to announce the appointment of our new Executive Pastry Chef, Remy Funfrock!  A native of France, he brings twenty years of award-winning experience to us.  We will post his artful creations soon!, This will be a lovely evening for an after-dinner drink by the fire pit.  Happy Weekend!, A perfect August afternoon..., Acclaimed saxophonist, Grace Kelly takes the stage tonight at the Jazz Festival., The ever-popular Ray Greene and the All Star Band performs tonight at the Jazz Festival!, Reaping the harvest!, It's time for a cocktail at LiBAYtion...Happy Weekend!, Great article in Recommend this month!, Award-winning, singer-songwriter, KJ Denhert performs tonight at the Jazz Festival!, World renowned Dr. Michael White performs this evening at the Jazz Festival.  Special treat....complimentary Champagne and Oyster Tasting beginning at 6:30pm!, Everything is blooming!  Experience our gardens on Instagram... http://instagr.am/p/OADU81jgyr/, Cocktails anyone?  Happy weekend!, Wequasset Resort & Golf Club won “Best Hotel (Resort)” for the Cape Cod region. Very exciting!!, This sultry evening is perfect for Calypso Hurricane's island rhythms and a Planter's Punch!, Enjoy a glass of champagne under the stars and the jazz, gospel and R&B sounds of acclaimed Athene Wilson tonight!, Tonight's dessert at the Taste of Chatham is Chef Remy's Peach Compote with Thyme Cream and Almond Cake...Yum!, Come see us tonight at the Taste of Chatham.  Chef Patrick has prepared Scallop Ceviche with Roasted Corn Salsa...Delish!, Savor the moment.  Cheers!, Read about us today in the Wall Street Journal.  Your children will love it!, Returning for her eight consecutive performance, Mercedes Hall is one of the most popular jazz artists of the Cape Cod Jazz Festival.  Welcome her back tonight!, Experience our tropical paradise.  These gardens love this glorious weather!, Don't miss tomorrow night's Jazz performance... G Love will be performing an acoustic solo show!, Wequassett’s resident pirates have their ship!  Here’s a behind the scenes look at the creation of the new children’s buffet., Perfect night for dessert!  Check out twenty-eight Atlantic's Lemongrass Buttermilk Panna Cotta with Gin infused Rhubarb.  Yum!, Tonight, local favorite...Lisa Jason at the Cape Cod Jazz Festival!, It's a hot out there!  Our Good Humor Ice Cream Man was the most popular guy at the pool!, Tonight legendary guitarist Jay Geils (founder of the Jay Geils Band), along with award-winning jazz guitarists Gerry Beaudoin and Howard Alden, make their Cape Cod Jazz Festival debut with the dynamic jazz group New Guitar Summit., Delight yourself with a Ruby Red Tini and listen to Michael Oakland down at LiBAYtion starting at 4pm.  Perfect end to a beautiful day!, Wequassett's resident Pirate has arrived!  See him at breakfast every morning..., So honored to be voted "Best Wedding Venue", "Best Resort" and "Best Hotel" by Cape Cod Magazine readers.  Thank you!, Join us this evening for A Tribute to Lou Colombo featuring Lori Colombo and friends.  It promises to be truly a night to remember!, Anne Walsh and her Los Angeles band make their Cape Cod Jazz Festival debut tonight with an eclectic soundscape of Bossa Nova, Samba, and classic jazz pieces., Insider tips from our beloved concierge, June Herold..., Wequassett Resort and Golf Club is proud to be included on Travel + Leisure’s World’s Best list! The resort scored a 92.57 this year which is the #9 position on the “Continental U.S. Resorts” list. http://www.travelandleisure.com/worldsbest/2012/hotels/resorts-us/317
Additionally, we were honored with scores high enough to qualify not only for the U.S. list but also for the “Top 100 Hotels Overall” list. Wequassett came in at #84 on this list, in the company of some of the world’s most recognizable luxury resorts and hotels. http://www.travelandleisure.com/worldsbest/2012/hotels/top-100-hotels/315, Keep the party going...tonight's performance is White Heat Swing Orchestra, one of the hottest swing bands in the country with a special appearance of world-renowned dancers, Christopher Beroiz and Natalie Mavor-Miles., Happy Fourth of July to all of our guests and friends!, Jazz this week is on Tuesday and Thursday. Tonight's performance is the pop/jazz/blues phenomenon, Suede! It's going to be a beautiful night., Meet our recreation team!  They hope to see you this weekend..., We couldn't help but post these Knock Out Roses.  We love them and you will too!  They have stunning flower power with a generous bloom cycle (about every 5-6 weeks) that will continue until the first hard frost...perfect for New England., A great feature about the Cape...see us on page two!, The Ninth Annual Cape Cod Jazz Festival premieres tonight with Juilliard Jazz Ensemble!  Doors open at 7:30pm: performance begins at 8:30pm.  Free and open to the public!, Congratulations to the Wequassett Road Runner's, Platinum Sponsors for the Harwich 5K on Saturday.  Go team!, We were thrilled to be featured in the June 20th issue of The  Improper Bostonian..., Be part of the best Fourth of July celebration on Cape Cod!  Join us poolside for a gala buffet, The Mark Greel Band, fun activities for children of all ages and a spectacular display of fireworks.  Limited premier tables are still available.  Call us at 508-430-6861 to make your reservation for this holiday celebration overlooking beautiful Pleasant Bay., The perfect evening for a Bay Breeze at LiBAYtion!, Read about us in Boston Common, Summer 2012.  LiBAYation, Cape Cod National Golf Club and our pool were all featured!, null, J.McLaughlin Summer Fling SALE!  Up to 40% off.  Visit our Resort Shop., Enjoy a Ten Fresh at the Outer Bar & Grille overlooking the pool and beach.  Happy Weekend!, Picture perfect!! Hotel terraces with unbelievable views including Wequassett from Conde Nast's Gold List., A must read for all brides..., A must read by COUP Boston!  What a great issue and we are flattered by the article!  Check us out on page 25., Enjoy breakfast on your deck overlooking Pleasant Bay.  So tranquil..., The 2012 Jazz Festival line up is here!  It's going to be a great year with new artists, new pre-jazz events and new friends!  See you there... www.wequassett.com/jazz/, Perfect weekend for a round of golf!  Stay with us and reserve your tee time here: www.wequassett.com/golf, The sun is back out and the weekend looks AMAZING!  Come visit..., This is a perfect time for comfort food…Baked Mac and Cheese, featured in Thoreau’s.  Enjoy!, Good day to cuddle by the fireplace and enjoy a good bottle of wine!, We made the cover!  Take a look at the "Rediscover he Cape" article.  , Feel like a Cape Cod Cosmo...featured at the Outer Bar & Grille.  Happy Weekend!, Feel like boating?  Nauti Jane's is open!  Check out the great variety of boats they rent... www.nautijanesboatrentals.com/, Wequassett employees enjoying a beautiful day at Orientation!  Cheers to our team and a great season!, This Memorial Day, Wequassett remembers all who have served our country.  Thank you., Happy Memorial Day weekend!  Perfect time for a lobster roll.  Chef Hackney's secret ingredient is....lemon zest!, The Outer Bar and Grille will be serving lunch and dinner this holiday weekend!  Check out Chef Hackney's new menu and let us know what you are excited to try!  http://www.wequassett.com/dining#/outer-bar-grille/  Click on "Sample Menu", This makes us smile!, null, This was great to see!  , We love these looks from J.McLaughlin.  Visit our shop for a great selection of their clothing and accessories!, Pleasant Bay Oysters...the freshest we can possibly get.  Relish them at twenty-eight Atlantic and at the Outer Bar & Grille., The Outer Bar & Grille is the best place to be for lunch...now open 11:30pm - 4:30pm daily., The forecast this weekend looks GREAT!  Make your reservation and use "whisper word" Facebook to receive a special something in your room!, Congratulations to Mr. & Mrs. Tim Zue!  With 452 votes they are our Photo Contest Winners.  Thank you to all that participated!  It was fun to watch..., Last chance to vote on your favorite Wequassett photo!  Voting will end at 10am EST tomorrow, May 15th.  "Like" your fave now!, Warmest wishes on this Mother's Day., Wedding Toast - Danielle B. Daly, Good Humor Moment - Meredith Ferris, Cheers at the Pool - Linette Decarie, Garden Light - Alyssa Greenberg, Embraceable You  - Tim Zue, Thoreau's is featuring a new menu!  It will offer some old classics and new sure to be favorites.  We think you'll love the selections "From the Grill".

Check out the full menu at http://www.wequassett.com/dining#/thoreaus/ Click on "Sample Menu", Wequassett's staff preparing for the season through training at our Academy.  Here's to a good summer!, One week left to WIN A COMPLIMENTARY STAY...upload your favorite Wequassett photo to our Facebook page! Winning photo will be chosen on May 15th. Your stay will include 2 nights, double occupancy, welcome strawberries and champagne, full breakfast each morning (based on availability, excluding July, August and holiday weekends).

We're anxiously awaiting your pics!, We are excited about twenty-eight Atlantic's Vanilla Creme Brulee with Whiskey Smoked Sugar because May 7th-13th it is the featured dessert for Boston Bakes for Breast Cancer 2012.  For every Creme Brulee ordered, 100% of the proceeds goes to Dana-Farber Cancer Institute and Bakes for Breast Cancer, Inc.  Come in and enjoy this dessert this week! 
http://www.bostonbakesforbreastcancer.org/boston-bakes/, We're featuring a sumptuous buffet brunch on Mother's Day.  The menu is posted here: http://www.facebook.com/events/396564007039989/
Every mother deserves the best!, Thoreau's is the perfect spot to sip a cocktail, have a bite and relax by a beautiful fire!, The line-up for the 9th Annual Cape Cod Jazz Festival is coming soon.  Great new performers, special events as well as some old favorites.  First performance is June 26th...stay tuned!, Beverage Manager, Marty Sadlemire's favorite cocktail is a Lemon Boo Berry Martini.  In a shaker muddle 8-10 blueberries, 2 wedges of lemon, one teaspoon of agave nectar and top with 1 part Van Gogh Acai-Blueberry...shake and enjoy!, Our beloved tennis pro, Dave Messersmith, arrives tomorrow for his 31st season.  Welcome back, Dave!  Tennis anyone?, Happy Weekend to all of our guests and friends!, Did you know that Wequassett has a private beach and tennis club??  Check out the link for more information!, Twenty-eight Atlantic's spring menu is out!   What tempts you?
http://www.wequassett.com/dining#/twenty-eight/  Click on "Sample Menu"., Come and enjoy Chef James Hackney's spring menu.  Twenty-eight Atlantic opens tomorrow evening for the season!, WIN A COMPLIMENTARY STAY...upload your favorite Wequassett photo to our Facebook page!  Winning photo will be chosen on May 15th.  Your stay will include 2 nights, double occupancy, welcome strawberries and champagne, full breakfast each morning (based on availability, excluding July, August and holiday weekends).

We're anxiously awaiting your pics!, We are very excited to announce that J. McLaughlin is coming to  Wequassett's resort shop...opening May 1st!, Sneak Peek...Soused Mackerel with Pickled Rhubarb, Strawberries, Mizuna leaves and Creme Fraiche, from Chef James Hackney's spring menu, twenty-eight Atlantic, We are excited to announce the opening of twenty-eight Atlantic on Arpil 26th!  Looking forward to welcoming you back., Thinking of our friends in Boston today.  Good luck Boston Marathon runners!, It's a great day for a bike ride!  If you're coming to Wequassett this weekend check out the Cape Cod Rail Trail (bike rentals can be arranged for you).  It's perfect for a family adventure through the Cape!   , Please tell us what you would like to see on our Facebook page; i.e., special events, promotions, pictures... we would love to hear from you!, Welcome to the next generation of wequassett.com!
http://www.wequassett.com/news, Twenty-eight Atlantic recently featured in Boston Common...opening April 26th!
http://bostoncommon-magazine.com/dining/articles/dining-inn, Get the inside scoop about Wequassett Weddings!   Recently voted #5 for the Top Luxury Hotels for Weddings by Forbes! http://graceormonde.com/reception-sites/wequassett/, It's Red Sox opening day and the sun is shining!  What's your favorite springtime event?, Today Show voted the Outer Beach #2 of the Best Beaches for Families!  We agree!
Check out the list here...
 
http://todaytravel.today.msnbc.msn.com/_news/2012/04/04/10925871-10-best-beaches-for-families#.T3xpOfChJe8.twitter, Wequassett Resort was named one of the 10 Top Luxury Hotels for Weddings by Forbes!  
http://www.forbes.com/sites/forbestravelguide/2012/04/03/10-top-luxury-hotels-for-weddings/, Wequassett is proud to welcome Patrick and Kristian to Chef Hackney's team!  It’s going to be a delicious season..., Spring is here!  Come see us soon!, Congratulations Michelle and Rob!, Take part in the Harwich 5K Road Race.  Follow this link to sign up today!  https://www.facebook.com/harwich5k
We are proud to be a part of this great event and help with its continued success! We are in the process of putting together a Wequassett team as we speak!, Tara & Keith's Wequassett wedding featured in  WellWed Magazine., Please take a moment to vote for Wequassett on Conde Nast's Readers' Choice Survey.  We truly appreciate your support!  http://www.cntraveler.com/readers-choice/survey, What are you most looking forward to this season at Wequassett?, Spring has arrived!  Wequassett is excited to announce that it will open for its 68th season on April 1st.  We look forward to seeing you all soon., Wequassett Resort featured in Forbes.  Check out the link!
http://www.forbes.com/sites/anniefitzsimmons/2012/02/29/seven-dream-hotel-jobs-follow-your-passion-to-create-your-own/, From cozy weathered cottages to spacious elegant suites, our accommodations are charming and luxurious. , Wequassett's children's program creates a vacation that fulfills every child's wildest dream. Explore the state-of-the art pirate ship playground and enjoy the endless possibilities. The opportunity is there for every child to learn, grow and discover., Cape Cod National, twenty-eight Atlantic
Four Star, Four Diamond, Pristine gardens and sweeping water views is the ideal backdrop for any occasion. Wequassett Resort will help you create a chic affair to take everyone's breath away., Wequassett sits prominently atop an east-facing rise affording breathtaking views of Pleasant Bay and the Atlantic Ocean. With whitewashed buildings and tidy clapboard cottages nestled into 27 acres of picture-perfect gardens, sun-dappled lanes, salt marshes and woodlands, the resort is truly a secluded paradise for the discerning traveler., Wequassett Resort offers a wide variety of recreational activities to keep you invigorated during your stay. Two pools, vast beaches and manicured lawns offer the perfect backdrop for some recreational fun. Take advantage of the first-rate tennis courts, infamous bike trails and the calm waters of Pleasant Bay., Tomorrow night, Mercedes Hall!  www.mercedeshall.com.  Please remember seating is only guaranteed with a dinner reservation between 5:30 and 6:30 pm in twenty-eight Atlantic.  This show is always standing room only.  Thank you to our sponsor, Cape Cod Five., Picture yourself sitting underneath a cabana, cooled by an ocean breeze, and laughing at a story told by someone you love.  Life on Cape Cod is good., Tonight's performance as part of the eighth annual Cape Cod Jazz festival is Mark Bornfield and D'Jamin Bartlett.  They have been called a chic, sophisticated and powerful duo.  This is their first year with the Jazz Festival.  Tonights performance is sponsored by Whalen Restoration Services.  www.whalenrestorations.com.
, Tonight's Jazz Concert featuring Athene Wilson and Friends is sponsored by Coastal Engineering Company, Inc.  Athene is a familiar voice around Boston's music scene and has been performing jazz, gospel and R&B for over 15 years.  Ms. Wilson has done background work for renowned artists Patti Labelle, Natalie Cole, Smokey Robinson and Freddie Jackson., It is a beautiful morning!  A special thank you to Hawk Design and D. Schumacher Landscaping.  They are hosting Jazz for Kids poolside today at 2 pm.  Vocalist and Songwriter Jennifer Truesdale will be headlining.  Performance begins at 2 pm.  www.wequassett.com/jazz , Lunch at the Outer Bar and Grille on a beautiful Cape Cod Friday afternoon.  Come join me!, Summer is upon us.  Tonight we have live music poolside with Mark Greel and our weekly Dive-in Movie.  This weekend we are looking forward to performances by Michael Oakland and The Lovely Singer Band.  Don't forget Jazz for Kids on Saturday afternoon.   The weekend forecast is outstanding, we look forward to seeing you., Join us tonight for pop/jazz/blues phenomenon Suede. Visit the festival website at www.wequassett.com/jazz and check out Suede's website at www.suedewave.com.  Tonights performace is being sponsored by Pine Acres Realty.  www.pineacresrealty.com.
, Welcome to the weekend!, So, Dad has stopped wearing ties, and settled into a true Cape Cod lifestyle.  What should I get him for Father's Day?, Another beautiful Cape Cod weekend.  Our plans for the weekend... golf, tennis, a bike ride, lots of relaxation, and fun!  What do you have on tap?, Thank you!, Today at noon, my first lobster roll of the season!, The sun is out the temps look great and we are ready for Memorial Day Weekend.  Let the unofficial summer kick off begin!, When you travel, what is the one item you never forget to pack?, What are your plans for Memorial Day Weekend?, Taste of Harwich.  It was a great night with great friends!, The sun is shining and today is picture perfect.  What's your favorite thing to do in the Spring on Cape Cod?, What a beautiful couple, day and special occasion.  Thank you Bello Photography for sharing these images.  Jess and Christian we wish you a life time of happiness, love and memories.  

With our sincere best, 
The management and team of Wequassett Resort and Golf Club., Weekend forecast is calling for sunshine.  Join Wequassett this weekend and share in the best value of the year!, Have you made plans for the weekend?  www.wequassett.com
, We are thrilled to be hosting the Smarter Cape Cod Summit.  www.smartercapesummit.com , Is there anything better than a beautiful day on Cape Cod?, Please join us for our Mother's Day Grand Buffett.  Reservations are still being accepted.  Call 1-508-430-3000., null)