List(Sign up for Rice's Rewards and start receiving points toward purchases in our Spring Garden Showroom. We have some great new product lines this season that you won't want to miss out on!, We want to be your trusted partner for your home or business. One call, and we'll take of it all., Landscapes redefined., What's on your dream list for your outdoor living space?, Check out our very own Bryan Rice explaining our display at Belden Village Mall. Have you seen our display there yet?, New at the Spring Garden Showroom, Winter Jewels Lenten Rose. Stop in and see the other varieties that arrived today as well!, Stop worrying about your yard and start enjoying your landscape! Rice's Estate Landscape Management means flawless landscapes all year long., This month is Mulch Madness at Rice's! Now until March 31st, we’re offering free delivery on mulch orders of 5 yards or more, within a 3 mile radius of our Spring Garden Showroom! Order online at:, Our team is dedicated to delivering excellence with custom designed landscapes and landscape maintenance. If you are looking for a professional landscape partner for your home or business, give us a call., Live Trends have arrived!  
Stop in and see what's new at the Spring Garden Showroom, We've had a great opening for our Spring Garden Showroom last week! Have you had a chance to stop in yet? We'd love to hear what you think!, We’re hosting a Spring Preview Party to celebrate the grand opening of our Spring Garden Showroom! Stop in March 11-13 and get 10% off everything in the showroom!, We are thrilled to be honored in the 18th Annual Landscapes Ohio! Landcape Enhancement Awards Program. We received one Merit Award for Commercial Installation, and another for Garden Structures/Pavements for a private residence. Congrats (and thank you!) to our hardworking team that made this happen!, TODAY'S THE DAY! We couldn't be more excited to welcome you into our Spring Garden Showroom as we open our doors today. Stop in and say hello!, Our Garden Center is back and with a new name! Stop by our Spring Garden Showroom when it opens on Monday!, As our loyal fans know, Rice's is the area's premier provider of distinctive, high-end landscaping solutions for both residential and commercial customers. After more than 75 years in business, we thought it was time for a refresh! Experience landscapes redefined ..., null, null, It's Leap Day! What are you doing with your "extra" day?, Ohh, we can't wait!, The exterior of your business is the first impression for customers as well as potential employees. Our Commercial Landscape Management service can handle your exterior landscaping and snow and ice needs so you can focus on more important aspects of your business., We're so excited to show you our revamped Spring Garden Showroom! We open next month!, 30 days! Only 30 days left until spring! Share if you are as excited as we are!, Now this is what we call backyard perfection or outdoor living., One call means perfect, worry free landscapes all year long. We'd love to take care of it all for you., Our employees are our greatest asset, and we're proud of the staff we've built at Rice's. Like if you've received great services from a staff member at Rice's!, We're hiring! Stop by our Career Fair on Tuesday, Feb. 9 from 4-6 p.m. to see if we are the right fit for you., We know spring may seem far away, but now is the time to plan for your perfectly designed landscape. Our schedule is filling fast!, Happy Groundhog Day! No matter if this guy sees his shadow or not, we're sure ready for spring! Who's with us?, Who else is excited for our Spring Garden Showroom to reopen this March? We can't wait to show off all of our great tools, plants and accessories!, We take pride in building a great team here at Rice's. If you are looking for a career and think Rice's would be a great fit, we'd love for you to stop by our Career Fair tomorrow! Take a look at the details included in the link below!, Wish your landscaping looked like this? Give us a call at 330-499-9857 to see what Rice's can do for your property!, We can’t change the weather, but we can make your driveway safer. Contact us for more information about our Estate Landscape Management and let our team take care of your property all year long., At Rice's, we are in the business of hiring great people. If you are looking for a quality, long-lasting career, check out the opportunities available at Rice's:, Keep your landscape looking flawless all year long with help from Rice's!, When you want to make one call to take care of your landscape all year long, Rice’s is the answer., What is your New Year's resolution? Ours is to exceed your expectations with our quality work and customer service. Let us know how we're doing!, Partnering with Rice’s for Estate Landscape Management means you’ll stop worrying about your yard and start enjoying your landscape:, Winter Tip: Introduce color into your landscape to stand out against the gray skies!, We have a best in class staff, and appreciate all that they do. Thanks for all of your hard work this year, team!, Merry Christmas from all of us here at Rice's!, Our garden center is closed for the season, but we can't wait to reopen in March as the "Spring Garden Showroom"! What do you think of the new name? We'd love your feedback!, Wishing your landscape looked this great all year long? Then you might be a good fit for our full-service maintenance services! Learn more at: http://www.ricesnursery.com/landscape-maintenance, Expect more from your landscapers. At Rice's, each member of our staff dresses professionally for each job and conducts themselves in a polite and respectful manner., The weather today is beautiful, but winter is around the corner! So remember that this is the perfect time to start thinking about a spring outdoor design project. Give us a call at 844-206-6528 to schedule your free consultation!, Winter Tip: Add some outdoor lighting to help brighten up the dark days of winter!, We are no longer selling Christmas trees, but we want to thank you all so much for thinking of us! We hope you find your perfect tree at one of the other wonderful local Christmas tree sellers this year!, Did you know fall is the perfect time for a lawn rejuvenation? Check out this fall landscaping tip sheet to learn more:, Happy Thanksgiving, Facebook fans! What are you thankful for this year?, Check out that transformation! Request a free consultation to see how we could redefine your outdoor living space:, At Rice's, we're proud to transform and maintain landscapes throughout Northeast Ohio! Head to our website to learn more about our full-service landscape management:, Want to create an outdoor living space where you can enjoy the changing Ohio seasons? Rice's can bring your vision to life:, What do you love most about fall? The changing leaves? Fall vegetables? The cooler weather? We love it all!, Our full service maintenance team is hard at work performing fall cleanup all over Stark County. Share if you could use some help with your leaf removal!, We know it's probably the last thing on your mind, but fall is the perfect time to schedule your spring design/build project before our schedule fills up! Head over to our website to request a free in-home consultation:, It's beautiful in our neck of the woods this time of year! Share if you are enjoying the colors of fall in your outdoor living space!, Have you seen our work at the Pro Football Hall of Fame? Rice's partners with some of the top local businesses to keep Stark County looking great all year long., Share if you wish you were in your custom outdoor living space, enjoying a warm fall beverage with family and friends., Where other companies may cut corners with construction and materials, Rice’s gets the job done right -- the first time., Head over to our online store to find the top-of-the-line gardening tools and equipment you need for your next outdoor project:, You just can't beat the green trucks., Check out these beautiful photos of an installation we did this summer.  Gorgeous views and amazing entertaining spaces!  If you are thinking about a project like this for next year, give us a call today!, Interested in creating a unique outdoor living space? Request a free in-home consultation to see your dream landscape come to life - before you ever sign a contract., Did you know Rice's offers auto renewal for our full-service maintenance services? It's just another way we take the hassle out of landscape management. Learn more about full-service maintenance:, We are selecting plants to grow in our seasonal garden center next spring and would love to hear your input. Share your requests in the comments!, We use plants and materials sourced right here in Ohio to create uniquely beautiful landscapes. Head over to our website to see some of our previous work:, Although our Garden Center is closed for the season, Rice's is open and busy as ever. Through the end of February, we are focusing on landscape design and maintenance, and will reopen the Garden Center in March (with all of our wonderful spring plants)!, A big part of preparing for our seasonal garden center in the spring is researching and attending trade shows to discover the latest trends in gardening, including organic products for people and pets! We're digging up some great finds!, Our team is already planning some exciting workshops for the spring! We can't wait to introduce them to you and share what we've learned about the latest trends in gardening. We'll spill all the details as soon as we can!, We know it's not quite fall yet, but we're already thinking about next spring! Our team here is busy planting and filling our greenhouses with perennials and grasses this week!, #TBT to when we partnered with the LeBron James Family Foundation for the I Promise Project. The program challenges children to take charge of their future by taking their academic growth seriously and by playing an active role in their community.We love these opportunities to serve in our community!, Full service maintenance by Rice's means less sweat for you. Contact us to learn more., Thank you for voting for Rice's Nursery and Landscape in the 2015 Local Favorite contest, hosted by About magazine. Don't forget to pick up the September issue to see all of Stark county's local favorites., Hard to believe it's Labor Day weekend already! What a great summer it has been. From all of us at Rice's, we hope you and your family have a wonderful and relaxing holiday weekend!, We love hearing from our amazing customers! Check out this great feedback from Janet:

"Rice's does an amazing job creating the perfect landscape for my home each season. We are the envy of the neighborhood, and I love it!", Full service landscape maintenance at Rice's Nursery means you have the best people in the business working for you in an all-inclusive service package. Listen to Bryan Rice explain:, Check this story out about the new Health and Wellness Garden at Secrest Arboretum!, null, Wow, this summer has flown by, hasn't it? We've been so busy, we haven't even been regularly updating our Facebook status (sorry about that!). How has your summer been?, The Peach truck event scheduled for tomorrow has been canceled.  The trees have stopped producing for the year and they do not have enough peaches to finish up the tours that were scheduled throughout the rest of the summer.  We hope you all enjoyed having the peach truck stop in Canton and look forward to the 2016 season!! 
Please check out their facebook page if you have any further questions, Thanks.

https://www.facebook.com/thepeachtruck, The peach truck will be here tomorrow July 25, from 11 am to 1 pm.  A 25 lb. box of peaches is $39.  There will be one more date if you missed the first date and can't make it tomorrow., Thank you for a wonderful 2015 season!  We will be back in March 2016!  Have a safe and wonderful summer!, Help us be #1, click the link below and vote for us to be the best garden center in the area!!
http://akron.cityvoter.com/rice-s-nursery-and-landscaping/biz/677747
#akroncantonhotlist
#voteforus
#gardencenter
#ricesnursery, Hello Fellow Plant Lovers!  Be sure to cover up your plants tonight.  We are covering those with tender buds and new growth., Boxwood's Need Nutrients Too!
Although most evergreens get fed Holly-tone for acid loving plants, boxwood shrubs are different. This evergreen needs a different type of fertilizer to keep its green healthy glow. 
Feed your boxwood with Plant-tone, a 100 percent organic plant food that's just right for them., null, Need to add some color to your beds?  Stop by the Garden Center and check out the fun plants that are arriving, with names like 'Berry Smoothie' and 'Southern Comfort' they're sure to quench your thirst for color. 
#color
#perennials
#ricesnursery, Its a great time to begin the 4 Step Lawn Program!  Step One is the Crabgrass Preventer with Lawn Food., Happy Easter!  May you all have a joyous day with family and friends!  Stop in and see us Monday as we are gearing up for a wonderful and colorful 2015 season!, The Winner of the "Somebunny Loves You" Gardening Basket is Kylee Shyjka.  Congratulations!, Decorate your home for Easter with beautiful, fresh flowers!, Come Join the Rice's Team!  We have a beautiful variety of Easter Flowers and more!, null, When you took a walk out into the yard this weekend did you find a scene like the one pictured below?  The moles and voles have been creating damage in our lawns.  Stop by today and pick up Molemax by Bonide!, Spring Is here and the trees are arriving at the Nursery today!  Snow or not, its a Good Day!, Come in to Rice's Garden Center and purchase a new pair of pruners!  When you buy a pair of pruners we will give you a free pair of Gardening Gloves (March 16th through March 22nd) while supplies last!  *One per Customer, One per Family, while supplies last., We are getting ready for Easter!  Stop by and see all of our new decor items!, Stop in This Weekend and Join our Spring Preview Party!  We are open Saturday 8AM to 5PM and Sunday 10AM to 5PM!, Spring Preview Party! 
We will showcase some of the seasons’ hot trends in seasonal color and new décor’!
Rice’s Reward Customer’s will receive 10% off!
Join us for a taste of spring and some yummy sweets.
Friday March 13th through Sunday March 15th, null, null, Company outing to see the Canton Charge.  The kids had a blast!, null, Congratulations to the North Canton Viking Crush traveling 6th grade boys basketball team on being the 2015 East Canton 6th grade Youth Classic Tournament Champions!  

Front row (left to right) Charlie Neading, Logan Jeffries, Joey Cronin and Jacob Cureton Back row (left to right) JT Rice, Coach Brian Cureton, Tristan Bernard, Cole Kager and Coach Joe Cronin, Got the winter blues? We can help you with that, pop in today to see us because.....the Garden Center is OPEN today!!!!!, The Garden Center is Open!  Come in and see our new decor!, I don't know about you, but I definitely could use a pick me up after this past weekend and with the frigid temps again this week.  The Garden Center will be open before we know it!!!  Who's ready for some spring color?
#spring
#ricesnursery
#goawaysnow, Thank you to Travis Warstler and his mom Charlene for sending us this beautiful and delicious cake for our company lunch today!!, null, Welcome February!  The Garden Center team is preparing the plant huts for Spring!, 52 Days till Spring! 
#spring
#ricesnursery
  http://ow.ly/I7441, There’s nothing worse than having to shovel your driveway in the cold early morning just to get to work on time- or your parking lot so you can be open for business.
While Rice’s Nursery can’t fix the winter weather, we can make it easier to get in and out of your driveway or parking lot while avoiding slips and falls.
Let us be a part of your New Year.  Become a full service maintenance customer and our team of trained maintenance professionals will handle all of your needs in the upcoming 2015-2016 season.
Call today to see if your residence or business is located within our service area.  330-499-9857, null, Wishing you and yours a safe and happy New Year!!  We are looking forward to a spectacular 2015 season, we hope you all will be a part of making it great!, "Looks are Everything" is the title of this weeks episode of Rehab Addict. Now it's time to give the exterior of the family house in Akron a facelift! Watch HGTV this Thursday, December 18th at 9PM
We loved sharing our "Blooming good looks" when the family and Nicole Curtis visited Rice's Garden Center., Celebrate the Mid December Warm Up!  52 degrees & Sunny 

Ohio Forecast
Mark Johnson from Newsnet5 predicts the Winter Forecast for 2014-2015
Source:  http://www.newsnet5.com/weather/weather-news/mark-johnsons-winter-forecast-for-2014-2015
• Colder than normal for Ohio
• Near to above average snowfall
• An early arrival of Spring in March 2015

So Excited about that last bullet!, The Rice’s Nursery Team will be watching this weeks “Rehab Addict”. The show airs Thursday, December 11th at 9PM and will showcase the landscape renovation that we took part in.  Don’t miss this one!, Moore’s Tree Farm has Christmas Trees with the drilled center to fit the Marriage Saver Tree Stand!
You can buy a Frazer Fir Christmas tree as well as other varieties of Christmas Trees that have been drilled to fit the Marriage Saver Tree Stand.  Moore’s tree farm is a family owned business and they offer a beautiful selection of already cut trees or provide the saw and the sled needed to cut one yourself.  Our family had a great time at the tree farm!
#ricesnursery
#moorestreefarm
#christmastree, Rice’s Nursery wishes you and your families a Joyful Thanksgiving!, Rice’s Nursery is excited to announce the release of our New Website!  Our customers can now shop online just in time for the Holiday Season.  The fresh new design gives you a user-friendly navigation experience as well as a look into the many services we provide.  We offer year around Full Service Maintenance to keep your property beautiful all year.  The incredible design build projects are showcased on our website as well!  Take a few minutes and see how we can better serve you!, We had the opportunity to work along side Nicole Curtis and LeBron James this summer on the I Promise Project through the LeBron James Family Foundation.  Tune in tonight for the first episode of six on Rehab Addict at 9 pm on HGTV.  Nicole Curtis also stopped by Rice's Garden Center to pick out plants with the family featured on the show!!
#Rehabaddict
#ricesnursery
#hgtv
#diy
#Lebron, A poem to welcome November....
November comes 
And November goes, 
With the last red berries 
And the first white snows.

With night coming early, 
And dawn coming late, 
And ice in the bucket 
And frost by the gate.

The fires burn 
And the kettles sing, 
And earth sinks to rest 
Until next spring.

- Clyde Watson, Fall and winter are the perfect times to start thinking about spring!!  If you are looking into a new patio, landscape, or pond now is the time to start planning!  Meet with one of our designers today so your project can become a reality next year.  Check out the before, during and after photos of a unique install we did this year!
#landscapecontractor
#ricesnursery
#thinkspring, Thank you for making 2014 a great year! We are excited for next season, and hope to see you all next March.  Stop and see us tomorrow for your last minute planting and pumpkin needs!!, Don't forget our last day for the season is this Saturday October 18th, so stop in and pick up last minute fall decor or some trees for your yard.  Trees and shrubs are 50% off and there are some nice ones left to choose from.  Hurry in before we go into hibernation!!
#ricesnursery
#fallisforplanting, Good Friday Morning Everyone!  Make your way through the fog and stop by and see us!
#ricesnursery, We still have plenty of fall items left for decorating along with trees and shrubs for fall planting.  Trees and shrubs are 50% off and mums and kale are 5 for $20.  Don't let the crisp fall air keep you away, stop by and see us!!
#pumpkins
#ricesnursery
#falldecor, Many of you may have heard the buzz around town regarding our Garden Center.  Retail business trends throughout the last few years have led us to take a new direction in our business model and make the Garden Center a seasonal operation.  As with any change, we knew there would be questions and concerns.  You can be assured that after 73 years in business, Rice’s Nursery & Landscaping is not closing.  Our landscape and maintenance divisions will continue to provide excellent service and care year round.

The Garden Center will be open now through October 18th.  We will re-open in March of 2015 and continue to offer you the quality, as well as new varieties of annuals, tropical and perennials, trees and shrubs, that we are known to offer, through June!  Beyond June, you will still be able to purchase your mulch, topsoil and sweet peat “by the yard” for delivery or pickup, but it will need to be either setup through our website via the online ordering tool or directly at our landscape office, across the parking lot from our Garden Center. 

We will no longer be open for the Holiday Season but for those of you that have purchased the Stand Straight/Marriage Saver Christmas tree stand; you will be able to purchase a fresh cut tree and have it drilled from Moore’s Tree Farm in Hartville, 330-877-6520 and located at 6767 Edison ST NE, 44632.

We also realize that many of you who have relied on us for gardening advice will need to find a new avenue for answering your questions.  We ask that you direct your gardening questions to the Ohio State Master Gardener, mastergardner.osu.edu/ask , Ohio State University Plant Facts, plantfacts,osu.edu/ or Buckeye Gardener, buckeyegardening.com .  Our hope is that this helps your confusion and concerns, and as always we appreciate your patronage and encourage you to continue to follow us on Facebook, Twitter and Pinterest., The fall equinox is at 10:29 pm tonight, then we can officially say it's autumn.  Saying goodbye to summer is sad, but all the beautiful colors and smells of fall seem to make the transition just a little easier!!  Happy Fall everyone!!, We are proud to have worked with the LeBron James Family foundation on the I-Promise project.  A big shout out to LeBron, thank you for the jersey’s we will wear them with pride!!
#lebronjamesfamilyfoundation
#gocavs
#ricesnursery, Here's a project we spotlighted before that got an additional feature added this summer.  Before, during, and after photos show the dramatic impact the new wall and planting bed has on providing privacy and beauty to the property., We have pumpkins, gourds and yes the corn stalks are here now too!!  Plus kale is now 5 for $20 regularly 7.99 and all perennials are now 50% off!!!!
#fallfun
#pumpkins
#ricesnursery, Need straw bales to complete your fun fall decorating?  We have small bales for 6.99 and large bales for 7.99.  Corn stalks should arrive this week too!!
#fall
#ricesnursery
#autumndecorating, Fall is a great time for planting!!  If you were too busy this summer to get landscaping projects done, now is the perfect time to finish or start  that project.  Trees and shrubs are 50% off and perennials are 30% off!!
#fallisforplanting
#sale
#ricesnursery, As summer winds down let's get ready to celebrate Fall!! Mums are 5 for $20 and Kale are 3 for $20. Stop in tomorrow and stock up on all things fall!!, null, null, Before and during photos of a small hardscape job from this summer.  The client had an existing deck and small area of stamped concrete but wanted a fire pit and a way to tie the existing area in with the new in-ground pool that was installed this summer also., This busy little bumble bee stopped by to gather pollen on our blue Eryngium- a unique perennial flower resembling thistle, also known as sea holly., Looking for an interesting way to spruce up your containers for the end of the season try Pink Zazzle Globe amaranth!!  This new annual flower thrives in hot dry weather and can be used as a house plant. Biggest thing to remember is they don't like to be wet, so whether indoors or out, water sparingly.  The flowers can even be used for cutting or in dried arrangements.
#ricesnursery
#pinkzazzle, Rice's staff member accepts the ALS Ice Bucket Challenge!!! Please help spread the word and educate others about ALS and go to http://www.alsa.org/donate if you would like to donate.
#icebucketchallenge
#alsicebucketchallenge
#strikeoutals, It's getting closer to that time of year...stop by and check out our expanding selection of mums!!!
#FALL
#mums
#ricesnursery
#gardencenter, If you have any areas in your lawn that didn't take from seed or need  areas patched, we've got a deal for you!!! 3'x5' rolls of sod were $3.00, now on sale for $2.50!!!  Just be sure to keep it watered!
#sod
#grass
#ricesnursery, If you had your eye on these earlier in the summer and didn't get one then, now would be the time....Soldier statuary is now 50% off!!
#military
#gardenstatuary
#ricesnursery, We are just starting to have mums available!  $6.99 Each or 3 for $18., Many people are familiar with 'Lucifer' Crocosmia, the gorgeous red variety that looks spectacular near a pond!! This orange beauty is just as pretty!! Check 'Emily McKenzie' out, we have some in stock now!!, Congratulations to Pat Suteu!!! Winner of the box of peaches from the Peach Truck event!!, null, Check this out!, Just a little something fun to make you smile for the weekend!!  A hummingbird moth stopped by to visit us!!! Also don't forget pottery is still on sale and all trees and shrubs are 20% off throughout the month of August!!, If you missed it the last time, stop by this Tues. Aug. 5th at 8 a.m. to 9:30 a.m. for "The Peach Truck" !!!  Stop in at the Garden Center and register to win a free box of peaches (no purchase necessary).  The Garden Center will also be open early that day so you can get your peaches and shop!!, Add some color to freshen up your planters or yard., Hardy Hibiscus in bloom in one of our beds in front of the garden center!  Just part of the "Continuous Blooming Gardens", here.  Stop by and enjoy the sights and check out our sales: 20% off all garden center decor, 20% off all lawn fertilizers, and 30% off all pottery!
#sale
#ricesnursery
#gardencenter, Check out 'Double Delight' Echinacea, a fun and whimsical coneflower!  The cone centers burst open with bunches of petals stacked on top of the regular petals.  We received a fresh shipment of perennial color this week so stop in and see our "Continuous Blooming Gardens"!!
#coneflower
#ricesnursery
#doubledelight, null, The Peach Truck is here and what a great turn out it has been so far!!  Even after the truck pulls out, don't forget about our special 1 day deals going on at the Garden Center today!! Get some peaches and pecans and stop by and see us!, All these tantalizing peach pics are surely getting you excited!! Tomorrow morning July 15th @ 8am-9:30am, The Peach Truck will be here!!!  Enjoy the fresh peaches on sale and also the special 1 day deals. Come visit the front porch of the Garden Center and purchase one of the unique pottery pieces at 30% off!!!
#thepeachtruck
#ricesnursery
#peaches
#pottery, Tues. July 15th from 8am-9:30am stop by and buy fresh Georgia peaches from The Peach Truck!! Also for one day only 20% off all Garden Center Decor!  You've been asking for a sale on the beautiful decor items, so here's your chance to purchase that special item you've had your eye on.
#ricesnursery
#thepeachtruck
#gardendecor, One day only!!!  Tues. July 15th @ 8am-9:30am...The Peach Truck will be here!! Plus, get Rice's Fortify Lawn Fertilizers for 20% off too!! Steps 1,2,3, & 4 both the 15,000 and 5,000 sq. ft. coverage.  With all this excess rain, your lawn is in need of food, so stock up now!
#thepeachtruck
#greenlawn
#ricesnursery, What's up with the buzz about peaches?  The Peach truck is coming on Tues. July 15th at 8am! Not only can you purchase delicious Georgia peaches, but we've got some great deals planned for the day!  Stay tuned for the next few days as we let you in on the scoop, but until then check out our event details on our website and right here on our Facebook page!
#thepeachtruck
#ricesnursery
#peachrecipes, null, null, Look what came to visit our coneflower ' s in the Garden Center!  A Red Admiral Butterfly!  On such a dreary day, thought everyone could use a pick me up., Happy Independence Day!!  Have a wonderful and safe holiday weekend.  Don't forget our new hours start this coming week:
Closed Sunday & Monday, Tues.-Fri. 10am-5pm, and Sat. 8am-noon., The Garden Center will not be open this Friday, Saturday, and Sunday July 4th-6th, and our new summer hours will start next week.  Stop by and see us today and tomorrow to get your last minute supplies for any landscaping projects you are planning for the holiday weekend!!, If you missed us last weekend, stop by and check out our Sizzling Summer Sale going on till June 30th!!!  Annuals are 75% off, concrete pottery and statues are 30% off, and select perennials and shrubs are 75% off!!! 
#sizzlingsale
#ricesnursery
#pottery, Check it out!!!  , It's officially here!!!!  Let's celebrate the first weekend of summer with a Sizzling Summer Sale!!  Take advantage of our Summer Sizzle Sale! June 20 - 30, take 50% off of the following select items: 
Pottery,Perennials,Shrubs
Rain or shine, we'll be here so stop by and save Big!!!
#ricesnursery
#summersale
#flowersshrubspottery
#summersolstice, Our Father's Day Gift Basket Giveaway Winner!!   We appreciate all of our customers who completed an entry form and visited our nursery this weekend.  Don't forget about our Summer Sizzling Sale starting this weekend and running through June 30th!!!, Ewww!  What are those creepy crawly's?  These are white grubs, commonly found in lawns.  They are beetle larva.  A few are fine, but if your lawn is turning bluish in spots and can be peeled back easily, you've got a problem.  There are corrective and preventative products to help keep your lawn from being destroyed.  Preventative insecticide needs to be applied to the lawn between the middle of June and mid-August.  The insecticide will have time to work into the lawn before the main grub feeding time in the early fall.  If you are having grub issues, stop by and speak with one of our staff members  to find out which product will best help you., Striving for a lawn that is lush and green and weed free?  Don't forget to put step 2 weed and feed down on your lawn.  Application time is April-June, before the weather gets dry and hot.  Stop by and pick some up and ask our garden center staff about how you can whip your lawn into shape!!
#weedandfeed
#lawncare
#ricesnursery, null, In celebration of summer's soon arrival, we are saluting the super hero of the garden...Perennials!!!  Purchase 2 or more perennials and get a free 4lb. bag of Flower Tone- while supplies last!!, New arrival!!  Sun Patiens, new type of impatien that can be grown in sun or shade!  Easy to care for and thrive in hot humid climates.  Stop in and give them a try., Spring and early summer is a great time to plant your lawn or patch up the damage from winter, the temperatures are cooler and the soil is warm enough for the seed to germinate.  We have Rice's special blend Pro mix seed for sun or shade.  Stop by and pick some up along with some topsoil today!!
#lawn
#grassseed
#ricesnursery, Sorry for anyone who saw the last herb post, I typed a 2 instead of a 1.  Oops.  Herbs, reg. 3.99, are 5 for $15.  Stock up for your kitchen garden, cause fresh is always better!!, Happy Memorial Day!!  The Garden Center will be open on Monday May 26th from 8 am to 5 pm!!  If you have the day off, stop by and see us and pick up some color to carry you through the summer into fall!!
#memorialday
#ricesnursery, Hanging Basket "2 for" special is still going on!!  If you missed out at the beginning of the month, stop by and get yourself some beautiful color to adorn your patio, deck or front porch!!, Product Spotlight: Trake gardening tool
Is it a trowel, is it a rake?  Nope, it's the trake.  Available now while supplies last, get this multipurpose gardening tool that combines the two most common hand gardening tools.  What will they think of next?  
#trake
#ricesnursery, Gorgeous stock geraniums for your patio containers and window boxes are now 3 for $27!!!  Get'em while they're hot!!, Colorful creeping phlox make great borders and look fabulous cascading down a wall or over rocks!!  Grab these spring dazzlers while supplies last, now on sale for $4 each!!, We are still running the rose promo...spend $100 and get a free knockout rose!!  While supplies last., The Garden Center has been getting in color non stop this week, annual and perennial!!  This is the perfect time to get those containers filled for summer and your landscape projects started!!
#color
#ricesnursery
#landscapeprojects
#annuals, This weekend only May 16th-May 18th, spend $100 and receive a FREE Rose!!! For all you rose lovers out there, stop in this weekend and take advantage of this special!!  
#roses
#ricesnursery, We have a mamma cardinal who decided to use one of our holly bushes to have her babies in!  The miracle of life is quite amazing, we are fortunate to get to see these special things at the Garden Center., null, See work can be fun!!, Some cute and fun pics from our Easter Celebration this year!, The FREE Hydrangea with a $100 purchase is still available while supplies last!!!  Hurry in and get yours!!, The weather has finally broken and spring is in full swing!!  You want color, we got it: Rhododendrons, Azaleas, Irises, Tropical Hibiscus, and much more!!  Come see us and take home some beautiful colorful plants!!
#ricesnursery
#color
#flowers, Product Spotlight: K & K Interiors, Inc. (Jewelry)
What woman doesn't enjoy a new piece of jewelry?
We are now carrying some beautiful and unique pieces from K&K.
Not sure what to get Mom, stop in and check out our selection and you'll be sure to find the right gift whether it's jewelry or flowers.
#ricesnursery
#mothersday, This weekend only May 9th-May 11th, spend $100 and receive a FREE Hydrangea!!!  For all you gardening moms out there, stop in this weekend and take advantage of all our specials running through the weekend!
#hydrangea
#free
#ricesnursery, Hanging Basket "2 for" special now until May 11th!!  Stop in and save when you buy in multiples of 2 or bring Mom by to pick some out!!
#hangingbaskets
#ricesnursery
#mothersday
#specials, Special deal running this week until May 11th: Buy a $100 gift card and get a $20 gift card free!!  Gift cards make great gifts for Mom or that special gardener in your life.
#mothersday
#giftcard
#ricesnursery
#gardening, Spend $40 & get a free 4lb bag of Espoma Flower Tone, now through May 9th!!, All pottery, including glazed and cast stone, along with cast stone statuary is 20% off!!  Stop by and check out our selection!, Product Spotlight: FlashPoint Candles
FlashPoint Candle products are made with premium wax blends. The vessels are hand poured with natural 100% dye free wax.    Each piece is one-of-a-kind, you will never find two exactly alike. 
Once your candle is gone, you are left with a beautiful piece of pottery that can be used in your decor however you like. 
http://www.flashpointcandle.com/default.asp
#flashpointcandles
#citronella
#ricesnursery, Creeping phlox sale!!  Regularly $9.99, on sale 3 for $15 now through May 9th!!, Help us out and leave us some feedback about your experience with Rice's Nursery!!  There is a review box on our Facebook page or you can use this link to leave feedback on our website!!  http://www.ricesnursery.com/leave-a-review, Spring is showing up with the bulbs and trees in blossom.  Check out our Pinterest board for ideas on early bloomers. http://ow.ly/wfjeA, null, null, If you're still feeling glum from the long winter, stop in and get a dose of color!!, null, Product Spotlight: Robert Rothschild Farm
This Ohio based company has been manufacturing gourmet specialty foods since 1984.  We now carry an assortment of their products which are great for parties and special events.  Dips, sauces, jams, and snack foods to name a few.  Planning a special event?  Stop by and check out our selection.
#robertrothschildfarm
#ricesnursery, Annual Garden Party April 18th-20th!  All edibles including seeds, berries, and fruiting trees are 20% off!!  Hop on by and celebrate w/ us!, Add on to the post yesterday about the Easter Bunny and egg hunt.  The egg hunt is going to be a small event for ages 4-7., Now on sale, Forsythia!!! Add a little spring to your yard.  Originally were $29.99, now $19.99 for a 3 gallon size!!, Blooming Bulbs!! Bright cheery colors to bring a smile to your face, were 12.99, now $9.99!  Make great gifts and they can be planted for next year too, get them while supplies last!, This weekend come celebrate Easter with us!! This Saturday 4/19- Egg hunt at noon and the Easter Bunny will hop by at 1:00 pm.  Bring the kiddos out for some family fun, hope to see you here!!  
#easter
#egghunt
#ricesnursery, null, null, Think Spring!  Stop by and get a dose of color to brighten your day!  http://ow.ly/i/5cuHP http://ow.ly/i/5cuIb, The main entrance to the Garden Center is open once again!, Product Spotlight: Pet Lovers
This is for all our customers who have fur babies!  Pets bring smiles to our faces, are always there when times get tough and most of us consider them family.  We now carry some fun and unique items geared toward pet owners.
#pets
#ricesnursery
#uniquepottery, Enjoy this summer and leave the lawn maintenance to the professionals at Rice’s Nursery!
 http://ow.ly/vzQeK, In celebration of spring we are having a Pansy Festival April 7th thru April 13th.  To help make spring a little more colorful - make a $40 or more purchase and receive a Pansy basket for FREE!  One pansy basket per family please.  So get a jump start on spring by shopping early and enjoy some spring color.
#pansy
#ricesnursery, Product Spotlight: Produce Candles
A line of candles inspired by the harvest.  Handcrafted in Charleston, SC, made of all natural soy wax.  In unique and refreshing scents like melon, cilantro, honey, and radish!!  Stop by and find your favorite scent!!
#producecandles
#gifts, Don't be fooled by the construction barrels, we are open and ready for the season!!  Our main entrance will be closed for a week to allow the concrete apron to cure, so we ask everyone to please use the second entrance closest to the railroad tracks until further notice!, Sign up for our e-mail newsletter and receive a voucher for $10 off a $40 purchase, now through Dec. 15th!!, Don't forget about our Lawn Care Workshop tomorrow!  Call or stop in to sign up.  Here are some pictures from last weeks pruning workshop.  Join us for a fun and informative morning!!, What is full service maintenance and how can I find out more, 
click here to learn more---> http://ow.ly/uUgI6, Product Spotlight: Savannah Bee Company
Ted Dennard, begin the Savannah Bee Company in 2002, today they operate three retail stores, bottle two distinct lines of world-class honeys, and manufacture a luxury beeswax-based body care line. We are proud to carry some of their wonderful products.  This is a fun product line and it makes a great gift too! 
#savannahbeecompany
#honey
#naturalhoneyskincare  http://ow.ly/uU8pg, It is starting to look like spring in the Garden Center!!  Stop in and see us!
#ricesnursery
#plants
#landscaping, Check out our spring inspired display at the Belden Village Mall!!
#spring
#beldenvillagemall
#ricesnursery, null, At last it's here!!  Happy Spring Everyone!!, How does our #mulch get to your home? Find out more here--> http://ow.ly/uI6m2, Rice's Nursery can teach you the difference between mulch types...get a better, more beautiful landscape today! http://ow.ly/uI5WN, null, Mulch Madness starts today!!!  Buy 5 or more yds. and live within 3 miles of the Nursery, we'll deliver it for free.  Also save $1 per yd. with online order and delivery. (Promo Code: MULCHMAD)  Runs March 17th thru April 13th!!, null, null, Thinking about new pottery for your home this summer?  Stop in and browse our beautiful and unique collections this weekend and save big during our Spring Preview Party! Our staff will be here to assist with special orders with an added touch of "southern" hospitality.  Hope to see ya'll here!!, null, Product Spotlight:  The Sylvia Shaw Judson Collection by Potina
 She is remembered today for the statue that she called Bird Girl.  The Bird Girl or Savannah’s Bird Girl, is one of the most recognized garden statues today. Many of her works, all upon the approval and permission of her estate, are becoming available for reproduction and purchase. Pictured is The Little Gardener. These beautiful statues would make a great gift or a stunning focal point in the garden!
#SylviaShawJudson
#Potina
#gardenstatuary, null, Hooray it's opening day and we dodged the big storm that was forecast for last night, so brave the cold and stop in and see us!!, The Garden Center is really coming together, here's a small sample of the beautiful displays you can expect to see.  Although the weather is still frightful, it's time to get excited about spring.....the Garden Center reopens on March 3rd at 8 a.m.!!!  Like this post if you'll be stopping by to see us!!, A little sneak peek to start getting everyone excited for spring!!  The Garden Center is getting a face lift, here's some transformation pics.  Make it a point to stop by in March to see the new improvements!  Give us a thumbs up if you like what you see!, On Facebook's 10th birthday, we wanted to take a minute and say thank you to all our friends and fans!!  We are so glad you follow us and interact with our posts, without you this page wouldn't be the success that it is!!  Happy Birthday Facebook, here's to making this next year of posts even better!!, Planning a patio or water feature this year?  Stop by and chat with one of our designers today!  Even though the snow is flying, now is the best time to get started on planning that outdoor space you've always wanted!  Our install schedule fills up fast so get ahead of the game., Just a reminder that the Garden Center is closed for the season and will reopen for Spring on March 3rd.  If you have any landscaping needs the Landscape Office will remain open except for on Christmas and New Years day., This is our last week open for the season at the Garden Center, so stop by and see us.  No hibernating here, we will be busy bees getting everything ready for spring and reopening in March!!, Have you finished decking your home for the holidays?  If not there is still time.  This Wednesday the 18th is the last day to pick up a Christmas tree and our greens & poinsettias are 20-25% off., Santa Claus is coming to town...no really he is!!!  This Saturday Dec. 7th at noon Santa will arrive by fire engine at the garden center.  There will be candy canes, cocoa, and sugar cookies, and Santa will be available for photos too!!
#Santa
#ricesnursery
#holidayfun, This Friday Dec. 6th the garden center will be closing early at 5 pm so our staff can attend our holiday party.  Sorry for any inconvenience and as always thank you for your patronage., A little holiday inspiration to get you in the mood to deck the halls if you haven't already started.  These are spectacular containers done by our staff at a residential property., Freshen up your containers with festive greens and berries!  We have a spectacular assortment of fresh greenery for decorating indoors and out.  Oh and the real stuff smells amazing too!!!
#livegreens
#greenery
#pineroping
#winterberry, Need an eye catching center piece for your table? Poinsettias are here to adorn your table this holiday season along with custom arrangements crafted by our talented staff in the garden center.
Share or like this post.
#poinsettias
#centerpiece
#holiday, Happy Thanksgiving from Rice's Nursery!! We hope everyone has a wonderful day with friends and family.  We are thankful for all of our great customers today and everyday., Baby it's cold outside! What better way to get in the holiday spirit than with a snowy day.  I know it makes me wanna deck the halls.  Stop by and check out our beautiful selection of fresh wreaths and garland.
#livegreens
#wreaths
#christmas, Pick up the Sunday paper and help vote us the "Best place to get a Christmas tree"!!!  Ballots will be in the paper to fill out and submit or you can stop by the garden center this coming Monday, November 25th and purchase a paper and cast your ballot right here.  We want your vote so like this post or share it to get the word out!
#ricesnursery
#cantonrepository
#christmastree, Looks like a Fraser Fir forest invaded the garden center!  Counting down to the Holiday Open House tomorrow, it's beginning to look a lot like....., SPECIAL PROMO going on now!!!! When you buy a $50 gift card, you get a $10 gift card along with it.  So whether you are looking for a stocking stuffer or that perfect gift for the gardener in your life, stop by and pick up a Rice's Nursery gift card today!
#ricesnursery
#gardencenter
#giftcard, Holiday Tree Delivery is available to help take the hassle and stress out of getting your perfect tree home for the holidays!  We have Fraser Fir in stock now that can be purchased along with a delivery package to have the tree delivered to your front door or set up in your home.  Delivery available Thursdays, Fridays, and Saturdays.  
#christmastree
#ricesnursery
#fraserfir, ~HOLIDAY OPEN HOUSE~
Come join us this Friday, Saturday and Sunday (November 22nd, 23rd, and 24th) for our Holiday Open House!  Christmas trees have arrived along with fresh greens for decorating, and poinsettias are set to arrive today.  Tell your friends and spread the word, Rice's Nursery is the place to be this weekend!
#holidayopenhouse
#christmastrees
#ricesnursery, You may have noticed the traffic cones and barrels set up along 55th st. near our entrance.  They are beginning work on the sidewalks that will run along the street.  We wanted to let everyone know that we are still open, but to expect possible traffic delays with the construction taking place., Our hours have changed.  We are open Mon.-Sat. 8 a.m. -5 p.m. and open Sunday from 10 a.m.- 5 p.m., It's the first snow of the season!!  We wanna know, what is your favorite season?  Each season brings new colors and sights to see, so we love them all.  Comment, Like, or Share...we love hearing from and interacting with our friends!, Spread the word.... We still have spring bulbs!!!  They are now 50% off and there is still time to get them in the ground.  Stop by and take advantage of the sale so you can have that refreshing first burst of color after the long winter!  Share this post and get the word out!
#spring
#bulbs
#tulips
#daffodils
#crocus, Check out this beautiful water feature that was completed last week.  Each waterfall is lit with LED lights to illuminate the falls at night.  This is a great piece that is part of a larger installation that will be completed in the spring.  We can't wait to see the finished project. Call today to see about how our designers can transform your back yard into an oasis!
#waterfeature
#landscaping
#pondlesswaterfeature, Had to share this gorgeous photo from this morning.  It seemed like the leaves changed over night and the sun was shining at just the right angle over the water. It caught my eye as I pulled into the nursery this morning.  Like this beautiful illustration of how amazing fall can be!
#fallcolor
#ricesnursery, Happy Halloween from Rice's Nursery!  All pumpkins and gourds are on sale now.  Today would be the perfect day to carve a pumpkin or get a few to add to your Thanksgiving decor.  Large pumpkins are $3 and small are $1.  We even have pie pumpkins left too!  
#pumpkins
#jackolantern
#pumpkinpie, The leaves are changing, and mother nature is taking it's final bow spreading color from the tree tops to the ground.  Trees and shrubs are now 40% off so take advantage of the savings and add some magnificent fall color to your landscape.  Also be sure to follow the link below to our fall planting guide.
http://www.ricesnursery.com/ohio-fall-planting-guide
#fallcolor
#fallplanting, With the fall season comes a crisp chill in the air, family gatherings, football, and decorating. When it comes to fall decorating for the inside and outside of your home, Rice’s Nursery has a large inventory of products – perfect for giving your home a warm, festive look.  Check our web page out on fall decorating and stop in today to get inspired.
http://www.ricesnursery.com/fall-decorating-with-rices-nursery
#fall
#thanksgivingdecorating, Your relationship with Rice's Nursery need not end once your landscape design has been installed.  Follow the link below and learn about our full service maintenance package and how you can get a quote.
http://www.ricesnursery.com/landscape-maintenance
#lawncare
#fullservicemaintenace, If you haven't already, sign up for our email newsletter.  We send it out monthly and just for signing up you get a coupon good to use at our Garden Center.  Follow the link and sign up! http://www.ricesnursery.com/rices-news, The leaves are falling, jack frost is knocking and it is once again that time of year to start shutting down the garden and flower beds.  We have just the thing to help keep your hands dry and warm while tending to your fall or winter yard work.  We have lined and waterproof gloves in men's and ladies sizes and they are now 20% off.  So whether you are cleaning up leaves or planning to do some winter pruning we've got the gloves to help get the job done.  
#wintergloves
#fallcleanup, Amaryllis Bulbs are in!!  Stop by and pick out a tall slender container and some Amaryllis bulbs and get yours started today for the upcoming holidays.  If you are new to growing Amaryllis, just ask one of our super helpful staff members what you need and they can get you going in the right direction., Spotlight Plant: Toad Lily
Pictured is the bloom from a toad lily.  The Latin name for it is Tricyrtis.  This part sun to shade perennial almost looks fake with it's crazy speckled color.  They like consistently moist soil but well drained as they do not like standing water.  They bloom late summer to fall after many other perennials have finished.  The flowers are tiny but provide nectar for hummingbirds and butterflies.  Toad Lily look great in a woodland border mixed with hosta and fern.  Such a cool and often overlooked perennial that I had to share it.  Like this little beauty now., null, We have new hours until mid Nov.  so be sure to make note that we are closed on Sunday and Monday.  Thanks., Now that fall is here and the temperatures have started to cool off, it's time to start planning ahead for spring!!  It is a great time to plant spring bulbs like daffodils, crocus, tulips, and hyacinth.  After the long cold and dreary winter here in Ohio, spring bulbs are a cheery welcome to the coming nice weather ahead.  Drop by this weekend and be sure to pick up some bulbs for your flower beds.
#bulbs
#spring
#tulips
#daffodils
#crocus, Check out some of our exciting landscape installs going on this summer!!!, If you missed out on the last sale, listen up!!  Fall is in full swing now and the savings are getting better.  Through October 1st, Trees and select shrubs are 30% off.  Stop in this weekend and get some beautiful plants so you can spend the weekend outside enjoying the sunshine!!!, null, Just thought this was a cute fall display that might ignite some great autumn decorating ideas.  Stop by this weekend and check out our fall displays and say hi!, Spotlight Plant:  Stoke's Aster
Pictured is 'Peachie's Pick' Stoke's Aster.  Stokesia laevis is a full sun perennial that likes well drained soil.  It gets 1-2' tall and wide.  The flowers come in white, pink, and lavender blue depending on the variety and there is even a color changing variety 'Color Wheel' that starts out white and deepens to lavender.  Bloom time is midsummer to fall.  This is a unique flower that has an interesting texture that adds a little whimsy to your garden.  
We hope you like our informative plant posts, like this post and let us know!!
#plants
#flowers
#stokesaster, Fall is for Planting!!!!  Just think about all the landscaping projects you wanted to get to this summer, but didn't have the time.  Guess what, it isn't too late.  The cooler temperatures are great for planting so come by and see our selection and get those projects done!
#plants
#trees
#sale, Large Bushel Basket Mums!!!  These beauties just arrived and have just started popping open with color.  Beat the weekend crowds and stop by today and grab some for your front porch.
#mums
#flowers
#falldecorating, Gourds and Pumpkins are finally here!!  We have just started getting in a nice selection of colorful and unique pumpkins and gourds.  Stop in and get your fall groove on and like us on Facebook and Pinterest.
#pumpkins
#fall
#gourds, Check out some of our exciting landscape installs going on this summer!!!, Join us for a good cause!  The Stark Wayne Heart Walk is Saturday, September 21, 2013 at Kent State University at Stark.  Activities and registration 8:30 a.m.- Walk 10 a.m.  
Team Rice's would like to invite any of our Facebook friends to join us for this event.  If interested in joining us please call or email by September 13th.  For more information or to join email, james@ricesnursery.com, Sorry for the wrong information earlier, our new hours for Autumn are as follows: Monday through Sat. 8 am to 5 pm.  So you can shop bright and early in the mornings all week., We are gearing up for Fall here!  We have a nice selection of mums already and the Garden Center is transforming into a colorful array of all things fall, grasses a plenty, ornamental peppers and cabbage and kale.  Mums are 3 for $18 so stop by and get an early start on your fall decorating today.  And don't forget we have new hours that started this weekend Mon.-Fri. 10-5, Sat. 8-5, and closed Sun., Check out some of our exciting landscape installs going on this summer!!!, Spot Light Plants:  Coreopsis & Lobelia
Pictured is blue lobelia and red coreopsis.  Lobelia is most often thought of in the annual form but this tall perennial form is great for bright bold color later in the summer.  Some may know it as Cardinal flower, especially the red variety.  This full sun to part shade perennial grows 1-3 ft. tall and looks particularly striking next to a pond or water feature, after all they thrive in moist locations.  
Coreopsis is a great perennial for continuous color from early summer through to the first frost.  Most varieties are shades of yellow but this beauty is a gorgeous crimson red.  The name of this particular coreopsis is 'Mercury Rising'.  Coreopsis come in many colors, ranging from yellow, pink, red, white, and even a burnt orange.  They prefer full sun and come in many various heights, so you are sure to find one that fits your site needs.
Perennials are buy two get the third free so stop by and load your cart with color., Check out some of our exciting landscape installs going on this summer!!!, Have a great weekend everyone!  New shipments still arriving weekly so stop by and see us this weekend, the weather is supposed to be beautiful.  Get your late season color with panicle hydrangeas and hardy hibiscus.  The large flowers on both plants are show stoppers., A pretty cool project we are working on near Cleveland, Work is underway on the formal pond next to the potting shed.  As things take shape at this job site, it reminds me a little of elements you might see in a formal European garden.  More pics to come!, Spotlight Plant:  Oriental Lily
Known for their fragrant perfume, these beauties are an easy to grow sun loving perennial.  They come in a variety of colors and heights.  Varieties pictured here are 'Stargazer', 'Sunny Sulawesi', 'Entertainer', and 'Sunny after 8'.  Oriental lilies bloom in mid to late summer and make quite an impression with their large scented flowers and bright colors.  Stop by and enjoy the aroma and take one home with you today!, For all you Fairy Garden fans out there, listen up!  All Fairy Garden accessories and gnomes are 50% off through August.  These adorable pint size gardens are a great project to work on with your kids or for those who are kids at heart. Come in and see for yourself., Check out some of our exciting landscape installs going on this summer!!!, Spotlight Plant:  Double Pink Knockout Rose
Paired here with 'Banana Cream' Shasta Daisy.  Knockout Roses are a low maintenance rose that bloom most of the summer, giving you lasting color.  They get around 3-4 ft. tall and wide and are resistant to black spot (a major complaint with traditional roses). Stop in today to get this combination and check out all the gorgeous colors and scents that are throughout the garden center., Here's another awesome shot of the colorful perennials that came in today and just a reminder about our adjusted summer hours.  The Garden Center hours are as follows:
Sun. and Mon.- Closed
Tues. through Fri.- 10 am to 5 pm
Sat.- 8 am to 1pm, BREAKING NEWS!!! The Once-a-year cartload sale is being extended.  The sale will run until Saturday July 6th. A new shipment of perennials just arrived today, so come in and fill your cart with all your favorites at 25% off, and while your here check out the seed racks that are now 50% off., Check out some of our exciting landscape installs going on this summer!!!, YOUR CART OVERFLOWETH:  Our once-a-year cartload sale
If you've had your eye on a flowering tree or a rustic fountain, been wondering when to refill your window boxes or give your containers some fresh new mojo, you're in business, my friend.
IF IT FITS IN YOUR CART, YOU SAVE 25%
June 28th-July 3rd, Check out some of our exciting landscape installs going on this summer!!!, We say good bye to Steve today.  He will be greatly missed by all!  We wish him good luck in his new adventures., One of three projects we were able to help with:
http://us2.campaign-archive1.com/?u=333fec4a2ba3ebe1fd69fdd47&id=a0022fc9c3&e=fc275edd65, Welp, its one of those rainy, nasty days so were going to close up shop early today. Be sure to stop in before 5pm for your rainy day needs!! Hope for better tomorrow(we open at 8am!), null, Need mulch and want to save a buck?  Order online at www.ricesnursery.com/buy-mulch TODAY and get it delivered TODAY!  Spots will fill fast so order online NOW!, This Memorial Day, we honor the men and women who gave their lives fighting for our great country.  

The garden center will be open today from 8am to 5pm.  Enjoy your day!, Need some mulch today? Get it delivered!, Are you prepared for the frost? We are!  What a bummer this late into the spring.  Bring those annuals in if you can or cover those tender plants if you can't.  Use sheets or fabric to cover. Not plastic.  Or, rinse off the ice before the sun hits the leaves., Don't forget:  We are the PLACE for Super-Moms!  Spend $75 or more and get a FREE 1g Knockout Rose (while supplies last - this weekend only!).  10" Hanging Baskets 2 for $35.  See the POWER of FLOWERS only @ Rice's!, null, This weather is PERFECT!  'Like' if you are working outside today!, null, We have 10 more spots for deliveries tomorrow... Order online at www.ricesnursery.com/buy-mulch and get it scheduled now!, The sun is shining, the frost is gone, and we couldn't be more excited for the weekend.  What are your plans?  Now is a great time to get those old shaggy shrubs ripped out and to start planning for new ones!  

Or, get started with your herb containers.  We have a HUGE selection of herbs to choose from.  It's cheaper then buying them from the store!, One more night of frost coming and then spring will be here... For now... We hope.  :)  With 10+ trucks in the past week we have some AMAZING plants to show you.  Customers are coming in and buying the hard to find stuff so make sure you get what you need before its gone!, 'Like' if you shopped with us today?  We were happy to see some plants going home with customers!, null, Bryan, Tom, and Kevin Rice honoring Dave Hohman's 25 years of service!  Thanks for all that you do Dave!, Here we are at our company breakfast explaining who we are, what we do and why., We finished off the evening with a group of girl scouts and potting up some pansies to earn a badge.  What a great group and so well behaved!  We hope they enjoyed the time with us!, Today is the LAST day for mulch madness!  Free delivery when you order 5 yards or more and live within a 3-4 mile radius!  We have spots 5-6 spots open today.  Must take delivery by the end of today to qualify!, Great day to get this planted Shroyer House!, What a beautiful day for mulching!  We have TWO more spots open on our schedule for mulch deliveries today.  If you get your order in before 2pm - we will deliver your order today!  The first two orders from now until 2pm will get the spots!  Save online at :https://www.ricesnursery.com/buy-mulch, This is just part of the process to keep our mulch a consistent quality.
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8NYPkDNwQsc, null, Now THIS is the weather we've been looking for.  Get out there and ENJOY it!, Interesting gardening apps! 
http://mashable.com/2013/04/05/garden-apps/, Who's seen this ad at the movie theatre at Tinseltown? 'Like' if you have!, Bye bye snow!!!!! (We hope), We will be offering an encore performance of our Spring Spruce UP seminar and our Pruning 101 seminar.  Spring Spruce UP will be at 11am on April 13th.  Our Pruning 101 seminar will be at 11am on April 20th in case you missed either one.  For a full list of seminars, visit our website here: 
http://www.ricesnursery.com/learn-and-grow, Ahhhhh... It's so nice to walk into the greenhouse and see this color.  :), null, null, Good morning gardeners!  The sun is shining and its warming up outside.  We have what you need to get started this morning... 
- Fertilizer for your grass, trees & shrubs
- Easy Weeder to prevent weeds
- Mulch to beautify those beds
- Pansies for your containers
- Easter lilies and flowering bulbs for house warming gifts
We are here with smiles on today!, null, We crossed the 1400 'likes' mark for our fan page.  Thanks to all of YOU out there in Facebook land!  Spread the word -  we have the cure for cabin fever!, null, WoW!  What a day... 1000 stock geraniums (our famous ones), 3 semi's worth of trees from our farm, and another load of flowers for Easter weekend.  And we start all over again tomorrow.  Spring weather or not - we will be ready!, null, Welp, consider us closed for the day thanks to Mother Nature!  Assuming it clears up, we will open back up tomorrow. Spring.... Where are you??, We found a new purpose for the education center... Go Bucks!  O-H, Grrrr..., Just finishing up with our first seminar of the year.  Social Media for Gardeners!, Partial skids of block and pavers priced to move!, Weeping pussywillow, More to come..., "The first day of spring is one thing, and the first spring day is another." ~Henry Van Dyke~, What a blaaahhhh day...  We have some colorful plants for your home or office to cheer you up.  :), Stop in for single pots or make your own kitchen herb container!, null, The "Dirt" on Organics http://conta.cc/ZEmqF4, The "Dirt" on Rice's Nursery and Landscaping, Inc. http://conta.cc/YjSlbF, More to come..., New AFFORDABLE organic 4 step lawn care program by Espoma.  About a 1/3 of the cost of last year.  $135 for 5000 sq ft.  Plus, you can take another $20 off with a mail in rebate.   http://ow.ly/i/1E1ut http://ow.ly/i/1E1z0, Help us name the tortoise!  He's new to the nursery and will be looking for a good home at some point.  But until then, help us give him a name!, OoOopss!  Sorry to everyone who liked or commented on the last picture of the new "Potting Bar".  Here it is again for those who didn't see it yet!, Pam putting her foot down...  It's SPRING TIME!, NEW - Super strong Shepherd hooks for 2013.  Will not BEND or BREAK!, Check out some of these Before and After photo's from some of our recent landscape projects:, Need some gardening inspiration, check out our idea boards:, We're OPEN!  Our March hours are Mon-Fri 10-6pm, Saturday 8-5pm and closed on Sundays until April.  Stop out and see us!, The "Dirt" on Rice's Nursery and Landscaping, Inc. http://conta.cc/15phSWL, The SUN is shining and we are ONE week away from opening the garden center!!!!  'Like' if that makes you happy!, Interested in a career at Rice's Nursery?  We are hiring!  Click here to find out more information: http://ow.ly/hKZsI, Interested in a career at Rice's Nursery?  Stop out at one of our career fairs listed here. http://ow.ly/hKZj3, null, For those of you curious about our Full Service Landscape Maintenance program, listen to Bryan Rice explain what it means to us.  
http://www.ricesnursery.com/landscape-maintenance, These are the folks that help us out with our web page.  You have to love a company that has this much fun at work!, The "Dirt" on Rice's Nursery and Landscaping, Inc. http://conta.cc/14DOKLb, null, This can also be found in the Uni-Lock catalog!, Working on tropical orders at Quaker Steak and Lube!, null, null, null, This week we will be sharing some pictures from past projects from our Design/Build division.  Let us know what you think!, If you know someone who would qualify for this award, please consider nominating them!  We have some AMAZING people in Stark County and this helps recognize their efforts!, What are YOU looking forward to most this SPRING?  It doesn't have to be garden related...  For us, it's the smiling faces of customers returning to the store and the smell of the greenhouse., Ahh... We can smell the greenhouse now..., null, We are in the process of building our seminar schedule for spring.  Check out what we have so far:, A very interesting study about how landscaping helps home values.  Size does matter!, Let's count down the days to SPRING together... If you have a spring themed poem, quote or picture this winter please feel free to post it here.  We need the inspiration with all the white stuff on the ground!, We are BACK!  Well, back in the offices at least...  The garden center will remain closed until March 4th, however if you have a question for us feel free to call or post on FB.  Our Landscape offices are also open so if you are thinking of SPRING (like the rest of us) and want to get a jump start on your project, call NOW!  The spring schedule fills up quickly!, null, We will be closing the garden center at 5pm today.  We're going home to prepare to plow in the morning.  We will reopen tomorrow at 8am for our final day of the year!, Be careful out there and remember..., The garden center will be closing early today at 5:00pm., Don't forget - our last day open is THIS Saturday!  If you need to purchase a gift card please stop in before then.  Gift cards never expire and are the perfect gift for those looking to add some color next Spring!, Don't forget - the garden center will be closing for the season starting December 23rd.  Keep tabs on whats going on here and let us know whats going on with you!, Our thoughts and prayers are with the families of those affected by the tragedy in CT., Congratulations to Deb Kampman for winning our cool basket raffle!, Our state association The Ohio Nursery & Landscape Association (ONLA) along with PLANET AEF is raising money for students in the horticultural profession.  ONLA donated $300,000 to provide scholarships to this students.  We NEED more people in this industry!, We bought to much!  50% Off, What a GORGEOUS day to pick up a Christmas tree and finish your decorating outside!  We're here for you today!, Ornaments and Collectibles, Don't forget to purchase your gift card for that special "Green Thumb" in your life!  If you need it mailed out to them, you must order it online by December 19th to get it to them in time.  http://ow.ly/fN9mT, Hurry in before our trees are gone!
 http://ow.ly/fN4uG, Have you been thinking about a new landscape project at home this Spring?  Now is a great time to get ahead of the busy spring schedule.  Give us a call if you have something in mind that you would like us to install.  Visit our portfolio page for more ideas: http://ow.ly/fN46P, Have you purchased your Perfect Poinsettia yet?  If not, stop in a get one before they are gone!  Keep them alive by clicking here: http://ow.ly/fN3xa, You may notice a limited availability of impatiens in Spring of 2013., For the PINTEREST people out there, don't forget to connect with us for inspiration for your winter containers!, We're HIRING for April, May and June for 2013 in the garden center.  Please visit out website to learn more and to apply.  We are looking for folks with energy, enthusiasm and a positive attitude.  We work hard but like to have FUN!, Don't forget covered shopping!, null, Feel free to share pictures of today's visit with Santa.  We are so happy with the turnout.  Thanks to everyone for coming, including Santa and the Plain Township Fire Department!, Don't forget!  The Big Guy will be here tomorrow at NOON on a firetruck.  'Like' this if you are coming out tomorrow., null, Just a quick video of some of our Design/Build Projects, null, null, null, Dont forget, that starting TODAY we will be open Sundays 10 am to 5 pm!  Stop in and get a head start on your decorating!, O-H !, null, Cindy's "How to make a porch pot" video... Check it out!, SANTA!  Don't forget he's coming on December 1st at NOON!, null, This is a great sign of whats to come..., What a cool idea, don't you think?  Some beautiful greens on an old shutter., null, In case you hadn't noticed, OUR CHRISTMAS TREES ARE HERE!  But wait... That doesn't mean you have to buy them and take them home now.  You can come in and pick one out, pay for it, and we will hold it until you are ready!  So just think... You could have your tree all taken care of before Thanksgiving!  Hint... Hint..., null, Looking for some holiday decorating inspiration?  Follow us on PINTEREST! 
http://www.ricesnursery.com/idea-board, null, null, We promise this is the last poll you'll see tonight... (Ha, Ha, ha) But we need your help again!  We REALLY appreciate all those that have answered our polls so far.  We put a lot of weight into your answers to these questions.  Of the following days and times below, which works best for seminars for YOU?, 'Like' this status if you voted today!  We are voting for perfect weather for Spring... Or dreaming for it maybe!  Get out there and do your civic duty., In an effort to communicate with our fans in the best and fastest way possible, we are going to ask you to answer the question below.  We understand that they all don't say the same thing.  But, considering how busy everyone is, what is the best DIGITAL way for us to communicate with YOU?  , Weekend Poll:  What are some seminars you would like to see this Spring from Rice's.  Vote for these or ADD some and let's see what we can do! , null, null, null, null, We wanted to congratulate Paula Gill Kovach for being the lucky winner of the $50 gift card for 'liking' our status a few weeks back! I think we'll do that again real soon!, We are officially out of pumpkins!  However, all remaining mums are $1 each while supplies last.  Don't forget, its not to late to fertilize your trees, shrubs and perennials.  A little ESPOMA can go a long way!, null, null, Another great project with our friends at Community Building Partnership of Stark County, Inc., Something to get excited about this coming spring.  We'll be carrying these starting in April., This Saturday will be the last day to purchase pumpkins, gourds and mums!  Make sure you stop in before they are all gone!, The one thing that can't be debated is that this weather is AWESOME!  The next few days would be a great time to get those bulbs planted, finish fertilizing your trees, shrubs and perennials, and decorate that porch for the fall. 

Oh... And rake those pesky leaves!  'Like' if you agree! :), While supplies last!, All pumpkins BIG or small $2 a piece until they are GONE!  All small gourds are 5 for $2 until they are GONE!, Did you know? : You can visit our "Plant Finder" on our website to create your own plant list and email it to us for prices and availability.  After reviewing a plant, select the "Add to my PLANT LIST" box.  You can then review your list and email it to us.  We will reply back with prices and availability within 24 hours or less., Fall Tip:  If you had fungus or insect issues with a shrub, tree or perennial remember NOT to recycle those leaves.  Rake them up in a separate pile and take them to the curb.  Affected leaves can sometimes carry the disease into the following year., null, Our fans are simply amazing...  We can't do what we do without YOU!  Who's excited for Spring?, We are at 964 fans and would LOVE to get to 1000 by the end of the month!  Share our page and let all your friends know about us!  'Like' this post and be put into a drawing to win a $20 Rice's Gift Card., All PERENNIALS are 50% off until they are gone!  We have a lot of great stuff left so hurry in!, null, null, We will be closing today at 5pm to celebrate our employees and all their hard work this season.  Bryan Rice has prepared his famous pulled pork dinner.  Pictures to follow later tonight and tomorrow!, Fall Sales http://conta.cc/WSIYBq, Select shrubs - look for signs, A great video from our friends at Espoma:, null, Looking ahead towards spring, if you order our mulch from us, are you more likely to:, We are going to be using a new tool called "Ask the Expert" on our website.  This will also post to our FB page.  Try it out and lets see how this works!, null, Brrrr!  It's going to be a bit cold tonight and tomorrow.  Make sure you bring any of your tender plants inside before this cold.  If you have houseplants outside it might be a good time to treat them with a Bonide Houseplant Systemic Insect Control NOW!, If you really like us (and we hope you do) vote for us in the Canton Repository's Readers Choice awards.  We are in the Home Improvement Section!, Do any of our Facebook followers use google hangout?  'Like' this status if you do.  We've thought about doing an 'Ask the Expert' for some of your questions during the season.  Good idea?, *** SALE ***
Starting tomorrow:
All 8" Mums are 5 for $20 or 10 for $30
All bird seed and bird feeders are 50% off
All houseplants are 50% off

'Like' this status if you are going to take advantage of this sale this week!, null, null, null, I know we need this rain - no complaints there.  But we will be closing the garden center at 4pm today to wring out our socks.  We will be back open tomorrow at 10am., Special Event and Store Hours http://conta.cc/SSRCLM, Visit Gervasi Vineyard & Italian Bistro for their first annual Grape Vine Festival and stop at Rice's Nursery for additional activities and sales!
http://www.gervasivineyard.com/Events/GV-Community-Events/Grape-Harvest-Festival
, null, null, null, null, The staff today is headed out to the American Heart Association Heart Walk.  We should be getting some pictures soon!  Wish them luck!, The Year of the Pumpkin http://conta.cc/PBBVvo, Did you know, that if you signup for our email newsletter you can receive a coupon for $10 off a purchase of $40 or more?  'Like' this post if you are going to signup today!, Please make sure you add us to you "My Page Favorites" to make sure you see all of our wall posts.  We promise to keep you updated with only the important stuff!  See the photo below to figure out how to do that.  Look at the button to the right of the 'LIKE' button., null, null, null, null, null, Ok - so it seems that a lot of you would prefer Organic over chemical.  The good news is - we will carry both next year in the garden center.  There is a new line coming out for ESPOMA that we will be supplying information about very soon.  It will be priced almost the same as the chemical but there is a difference.  We will be discussing that as well in the next couple of weeks.  If you have any questions about that, post them here!, If the price was similar, which type of lawn fertilizer would you choose?, We hope everyone enjoys Labor Day tomorrow.  We'll be closed in observance of the holiday. Be safe!, null, null, null, Fresh stock of blooming Knockout Roses just arrived from our farm., Fall bulbs have arrived!  Use BULB-Tone to fertilize when planting AND repels all (sprayed directly on the bulb) to keep the pesky animals from digging them up.  It works!, null, Our fall tree sale is underway!  25%-50% off balled and burlap trees.  Maples, crabapples, oaks, locusts, birches, elm, dogwood, and the list goes on.  Stop in today because the trees are selling!, We will be participating in this tonight.  What a cool event!, null, If you were one of the few who didn't beat the heat and get the mulch down this year, now is a great time to get a head start over next spring.  We have quite a few customers that mulch in the fall so that they don't have to struggle with our spring weather.  Also just a reminder, you can order that mulch online!, null, null, null, Mum's the word!  5 or more mums for $6ea.  The color's are just beginning to show and the crop is looking fantastic this year.  If you need to replace some of those tired annuals, now is the time!, Join us for the American Heart Association walk on Saturday, September 15, 2012! If you would like to be a walker, please stop by Rices and register to be a part of our team! It starts at 9am and is at the Kent State University Stark branch.



http://share.heartwalk.org/OtvsKSQ, Welp, It looks like were closing early today because of this beautiful (NOT!!) weather.  Be sure to come in either before 3 today, or anytime tomorrow 8-5!, null, Don't forget that our perennials are BUY 2 GET 1 FREE! Come on in and check out the large assortment of perennials we have!, null, Once again, we will be closing down a bit early today (5pm).  We will reopen tomorrow at 8am.  Don't forget we still have fresh herbs, beautiful perennials, containers, shrubs and trees still available.  Mums will be ready in about a week or two.  We have a few starting to break some color right now., null, Welp, It looks like we may be closing at 4pm today.  Stay out of this heat/humidity and bring on the rain!!, null, They are calling for a low of 59 tonight... Like this status if you are opening up your windows and shutting off the air tonight!!!, Are you looking to have some landscaping done at your home?  Maybe a new walkway or patio?  How about an outdoor kitchen to entertain your guests?  Now is a great time to call to plan your late summer or fall project.  Call our Design/Build Center at 330-499-9857.  Need some inspiration?  Click below:, This is the last project we worked on with Community Building Partnership of Stark County, Inc.., null, null, Check out just some of the decor that's 50% off!, Good Morning(ish) Facebook! Check this out!:
~ALL DECOR items 50%(!) off
~Perennials are Buy 2 get 1 free
~Annual grasses are BOGO
~We HAVE BIRDSEED AGAIN!, Hello?  Hello?  Is this thing on?  This drought has certainly slowed the amount of people planting this time of the year.  We do however have some amazing color left in the form of perennials.  Stop out and see us to fill in a gap or two., Once again, due the high heat today we will be closing the store at 4pm.  105 heat index means you need to be careful out there!  Remember - what your plants and yourself today!, So what's going on in your yard?  Any beetle issues?  Drought? Trees not looking good?  Let us know because we are here to help!  Post your problems here!, null, null, null, null, Do you have any major outdoor projects planned this summer? (Planting, patio, firepit, etc.), We will once again be closing early today.  This should be the last day of the major heat wave for at least a week.  We will be closing at 2pm today.  Stay cool, and stay hydrated!, Do to today's high temperatures, we will be closing the garden center at 4pm today.  We are sorry for any inconvenience this may cause, however we want to make sure our customers and employees are safe!, What a great partnership!, Another hot day...  If you are going to be working on a project this weekend, remember to irrigate the area in which you are going to dig with a sprinkler.  It will make life a little easier when trying to dig a hole., With this summer heat, butterflies are out in decent numbers.  Consider adding a small butterfly garden to the corner of your yard., Over the weekend the topic of watering and how much came up often.  Here's some tips on how much and when:, NEW HOURS starting July 2nd:
Monday - Friday 10am - 6pm
Saturday 8am - 5pm
Sunday Closed

We will also be closed on July 4th., Today, Saturday and Sunday ONLY! Cartload Sale! 25% off anything you can fit on your cart. But please, don't hurt yourself... Ask for assistance for larger items. :), What's been your favorite performing plant (annuals, perennial, shrub or tree) so far this year?  Something you were surprised with?  Comment here or post a picture., null, It's going to be close to 100 degrees today... Don't forget to water your plants - and yourself!, We've enjoyed working on a few projects with Community Building Partnership of Stark County, Inc. over the last couple of weeks.  Here's one from a couple weeks ago.  'Like' this status if you support what we are doing and 'Like' CBP's facebook page to learn about more projects in Canton!, null, A pretty cool project we are working on near Cleveland, Join us for PINK DAY this weekend! We have a Buy One Get One Free offer on our Invincible Spirit Hydrangeas! Plus check out all of our other beautiful pink plants!, null, null, Look at this little guy we found in the plantings outside the garden center!, We are working on some small video's of different things we have to offer.  TJ Kline is hard at work!
Check out our YOUTUBE channel!, null, null, We are pretty excited to be involved with the landscaping of the Pro Football Hall of Fame.  Here are a few pictures from that project., Yeah for rain!  'like' this post if your happy too!, null, Yes, we ARE open today 'till 5pm!  Stop out and see us!, We are open tomorrow (Sunday) from 10-5pm and Monday from 8am to 5pm.  Have a happy and safe Memorial Day and stop out and see us!, Here's the culprit - rose slugs.  Use eight on the undersides of the leaves to kill this little critter., Do your knockout leaves look like this?, null, null, null, Happy Mother's Day to all the special ladies in everyone's life!, null, null, null, null, Starting tomorrow (Friday) - Mother's Day Weekend Specials:
Spend $50 or more and receive a FREE 1gal Knockout Rose
(While supplies last!)
Buy 2ea 10" Hanging Baskets for $30 (Reg. $19.99ea)
Buy 2ea 1gal Endless Summer Hydrangea for $30 (Reg. $19.99ea)
All Annual Flats (48 ct) are Buy 1 get 2nd half price (Reg. $17.99ea)
Gift Card Specials:
Buy $100 gift card for $80
Buy $50 gift card for $40, null, null, We've had an explosion of color from our "Stock" Geraniums.  Stock geraniums are larger, tougher and come in a 1-1.5 gallon pot.  It's the one plant that you can count on to bloom in the heat and dryness of summer without much care.  They retail for $11.99 but buy 3 or more for $10 each!  We call it the 3 for $30 sale.  Stop in to see all the colors!, Think MOM... http://conta.cc/Jgrrf2, null, null, Buy 3 Fairy Garden Accessories and Get 1 Free! (Of equal or lesser value), Great Mother's Day Specials Coming Up - Click below:, We have a new "Employee" working at Rice's.  Well, working on keeping her eggs protected!  Keep an eye out for the coned off area behind the greenhouse., null, New details posted!
, null, null, Don't forget about our Spring Ladies Night!  We will be having mini-workshops, new vendors, and much more to come.  Please signup via the link below or call us at 330-499-9622.  Like this post if you plan on coming!, null, We had a fun night working with Community Building Partnership of Stark County, Inc. to help with Neighborhood Celebration Week.  Click here to learn more:, null, Hanging Baskets 2 for $30!  YES it's time!, Free 4.5" pansy with every $25 purchase until they are gone!, We have all these plants in stock!
, null, null, We LOVE Spring! http://conta.cc/ImPug8, null, Crabapples are blooming!  If you are looking for a certain color crabapple, now is the time to pick one out., We are closed tomorrow for the holiday.  Have a Happy Easter!, null, A walk through the garden center..., null, We had a great time at the Ohio Landscape Association landscape awards night.  We were fortunate to have won 5 awards, 3 of which were for one project!  Thank you to OLA, and to our amazing clients for allowing us to do the work at your home., We've made some improvements to the "Buy Mulch Online".  Check it out!
, Congratulations to Kenny Danner for his 25 years of service to Rice's Nursery!, Don't forget - This weekend is "Snapshot" weekend.  We have a "Quick Landscape Fixes" seminar at 11am.  We also have 1/2 price consultation appointment still open on Saturday and Sunday.  Visit our Learn & Grow calendar to signup!, null, Honoring our Pets, We have another busy day ahead of us... We will have received 7 trucks this week of plant material by Friday.  We will be posting pictures today and tomorrow of what has arrived!, Don't forget - you are only minutes away from ordering mulch ANY time of the day!
, Be aware of the FROST tomorrow morning.  If you are concerned about anything - cover with something fabric/burlap/sheet etc. tonight.  Plastic is not recommended for covering and won't prevent frost from hurting your plants.  We will often go out before the sunrise and spray off the ice on things we can't cover.  It has to be done BEFORE the sun hits it.  Keep your fingers crossed that things don't get hit to hard!, Aphids are out all ready!, We will be open this Sunday (tomorrow) from 10a - 5p.  Stop in and see us!, Looking for a particular plant for a tough site?  Don't forget about our Plant Finder.  We carry or typically can find most of the plants listed here.

, Evergreens are in, Flower buds on crabapples already, ...And two and a half from Pruning 101 with Steve Maddox.
, We are an hour and a half away from Top 10 Tips for a Perfect Lawn with Dave Dubel.
, If you'd like a chance to win a 'Snow Fountain' Weeping Cherry and give to a good cause, click this link.
, We are asking all our fans a favor... Can a few of you rate us on Yelp?  We want to try and stay relevant and most importantly we really want to hear your feedback.  Thanks in advance! Here's the link:
, We are potting up our first batch of perennials today!, Here's a project our landscape crews are working on.  Big natural stone wall.  We will keep taking pictures as we continue along.  We are very thankful the weather is nice to get projects underway early!, null, Well... The good news is the weather is amazing!  The bad news is if you didn't get your crabgrass preventer down yet you MAY be dealing with it later.  If you have not applied it yet, still get it down.  There is a chance you will catch some or most of it.  , null, Don't forget these timely seminars this weekend:
, null, null, Spring is HERE! http://conta.cc/AizxE6, Love it!, Mulch madness starts TODAY!  Order 5 yards or more of mulch and get it delivered for free!  You must take delivery by April 15th and live within 3 miles of the nursery.  Order online or call 330-499-9622 for more details., Now's the TIME!!!!  Order mulch online and get it delivered while this weather is beautiful.  

, null, The buds on this Cornus mas or Cornelian Cherry are beginning to swell.  Click on link below to learn more about this mysterious dogwood., Setting up for the Career Fair today from 10am until 12pm.
http://www.ricesnursery.com/career-day-at-rice-s-nursery, Don't forget, by checking in to Rice's Nursery through Facebook you will receive a FREE Pansy!, null, Also...
, Just a reminder:
, Are you wondering why and what is in a 4 Step Fertilizing program?  Here's the scoop:
, 5,000 Sq Ft 4 Step fertilizer with grub control $65
15,000 Sq Ft 4 Step fertilizer with grub control $145
Buy now and apply the first step with the forsythia bloom.  At this rate, that will happen sooner then you think!, null, It's a beautiful day to visit your favorite nursery!  Don't forget, our hours are now Monday thru Friday 8-6pm, Saturday 8-5pm and closed Sundays for a few more weeks., null, Need inspiration?  Join PINTEREST or check out or 'live feed' here:
, We are having another Career Fair at Rice's Nursery on March 10th.  Click here for more details.
, If you would like to know what trees we are digging this year, visit this link below.  Keep in mind, we will be carrying more then whats on this list.
, It's time!  Digging has begun at Rice's Nursery tree farm.  We will start hauling the trees in to the garden center starting Monday.  We should be ready to sell them by the end of next week.  
http://youtu.be/x-MTUFttR0A
, Don't forget to signup for our upcoming classes.  Click here to see whats on the schedule for this Spring.
http://www.ricesnursery.com/learn-and-grow
, Start "Checking-In" on Facebook starting tomorrow and running through the end of April and receive a FREE 4.5" pansy just for coming to Rice's Nursery!, null, Small pedestal. :), What a great idea!  
http://www.cantonrep.com/newsnow/x564869552/Canton-Food-Tours-Eat-drink-and-be-merry, null, Have you ever had trouble sleeping at night and wonder... Gosh, I wonder how much mulch I need in my beds?  Or...  Boy, its 2am and I would really like to buy some mulch.  Guess what?  Now you can!  , null, null, null, Our three representatives for the JAX Jackson-Belden Village Young Professional Skee Ball tournament.  We did not fair very well at Skee Ball but we did pretty well with pool and networking!, Help keep Steve out of trouble and involved in our community!  Support yStark! 2012 Fund Drive by clicking on the link below...., http://ow.ly/92P8k, Do you want to learn more about Social Media?  Here's your first test!  Find a QR Code reader for your smart phone and scan this code above.  Then - signup for "The Social Media Experience - for Gardeners" seminar., Follow our "Idea Boards" which is a feed from our Pinterest account for some Spring inspiration.  You can also follow us on Pinterest through this link as well.  , null, null, Don't forget, tomorrow night we are co-sponsors at the Canton Charge game.  We are bringing a whole crew of people so come out and say HI!, This is hilarious!, null, What's this stuff falling from the sky?, null, On Friday, February 10th Rice's Nursery has been invited to be co-presenter for Canton Pride night at the Canton Charge game.  Here's Bryan's message to all the fans!, You suggest - we listen.  Join us for our first ever seminar on Social Media on March 17th at 1pm.  Please RSVP through the website., Would anyone be interested in a seminar on the basics of social media at the garden center this winter/early spring?  Basically, we would talk about the basics of Facebook, Twitter, QR Codes, and our own website., Do you use your cell phone (or ipad) for looking up information on businesses or your home computer?, If you are a person or who knows someone who is looking for a job in our industry, please click the link below and fill out an online application.  You will also see what positions we are hiring for., During the next week or two we will be creating our seminar lists and posting them on the website.  Please feel free to take a look and even sign up online for them.  We are also interested in hearing some of your ideas for future sessions., null, null, A great article by Sarah Tate from the landscapingnetwork.com.  , We just started out own Rice's Nursery Pinterest account.  Follow us and LIKE this status if you are on Pinterest! , null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, Tomorrow morning a few of us will be heading to the Atltanta Gift Show for a couple of days.  3 buildings, 20+ floors each of gift & garden items.  Wish us luck!
, Ever heard of Sky Gardening?  Check this out! , null, Thanks to all our fans for getting us to 800!  Next goal - 1000!, null, Welcome to the new year!  To start your 2012 year off right, we have some exciting sales happening at the Garden Center!  To get you started, we have all our Decor items 75% off!  We also have our Christmas Decor 50% off, and finally all our houseplants are 25% off.  Our winter hours are Tuesday - Friday 10am-5pm.  Stop by and check them out.  We even made it snow to put you back into the Christmas spirit of shopping!, Dave is one of those guys who's stronger then he looks! We are always amazed at what he can do! http://ow.ly/874bp, Just a reminder - We will be closed December 24th - January 2nd for the holidays.  All of us at Rice's hope you have a WONDERFUL Holiday and a Happy New Year!, Ray is part of our retail planting team and is our on-site funny guy!He's always smiling and cracking jokes but he's serious about planting! http://ow.ly/8746y, Mark Jones - Salesperson / Yoga Extraordinaire!  If you've done Wine & Yoga at Gervasi you know Mark! http://ow.ly/873Zi, Carl's another one of our "Plant Geeks" but he also race's cars in his spare time! http://ow.ly/873Ti, Karen Martin is one of our Snapshot Gardening pro's and is a lover of Greyhounds!  http://ow.ly/873Od, Happy Holidays! http://conta.cc/vOR5qQ, Linda "Master Gardener" Werstler is a tremendous resource for anything perennial.  If she hasn't grown it, she has read about it! http://ow.ly/873HW, null, Kayla is the wearer of many hats in the garden center.  Her focus is in the greenhouse but she can also do many other things in and... http://ow.ly/854Dp, Picture of Derek!, Good news for all the last minute shopping or decorating- all Christmas decor and greens are now 40% off!  Stop in and let us help your holiday season seem brighter., null, Its the holiday season and who doesn't love a good deal?  We sure do! Starting tomorrow, ALL CUT TREE'S are $45(underline, highlight, exclamation point!!)!! Also, don't forget all greens are 40% off, Wreaths, swags, whoppers and mixed pots are 20% off, all fairy items are 40% off, and Christmas decor items are 20% off!, Cindy has been the creative spark for the garden center. She can take something simple and transform it to something elegant! http://ow.ly/7XKst, Jen is the behind the scenes backbone to the garden center. She helps keep our inventory and pricing in check! http://ow.ly/7XKfB, Pam is our "glue" inside the store.   She ALWAYS has a smile on her face! http://ow.ly/7XKaW, Bil Hickman is our NEW garden center manager. He's an extremely creative person - and he likes plants! http://ow.ly/7XJZq, Brittany is the CAD "Guru" and support to our landscape design team.  She's also a collector of vintage glassware! http://ow.ly/7XJR5, Shane Boyce is another one of our Landscape Designers. He loves the outdoors! http://ow.ly/7XJGK, Dave is a die-hard Buckeye Fan and one of our Landscape Design/Sales people. He's also a pro with local sports as well!   http://ow.ly/7V7Dj, Taryn is the person who handles many of the fertilization and maintenance calls. She keeps the production guys on track.... http://ow.ly/7Wwt9, Steve has done a little bit of everything at Rice's. He spent quite a few years managing the retail division but is now helping out everyone else! http://ow.ly/7V7rI, A compilation of our garden center staff and some of our awesome customers!, Dee ALWAYS has a smile on her face. You will see Dee when you walk in the door at our Landscape Center.  Give her a coke and a candy bar and she will be your friend forever!   http://ow.ly/7V79w, Meet Jennifer Ames - she PAYS our bills, helps with irrigation and warranty issues and can be found at most Chamber Events being a social butterfly! http://ow.ly/7UvLo, Lori is our Office Manager. You will talk to her when paying a bill!, Next up - Our Vice President and Design/Sales extraordinaire!  http://ow.ly/7UgXx, Are you ready for the holiday?  If not, Rice's is the place to start!  We have our fresh cut Fraser Fir Christmas trees to start you on your way.  But let's not stop there..... we have beautiful porch pots ready to dress up the front or back porch.  Enhance your home with a fresh green wreaths, swags, whoppers or a variety of mixed containers to dress up the house. Our Holiday decor is perfect to add more sparkle all around.  All porch pots, wreaths, swags, mix pots and holiday decor are 20% off! If you are a  Do-It-Yourself-er- we have our fresh cut green bundles 40% off too!, For the next couple of weeks we are going to be introducing you to our team.  When you get some time, please click on the link and learn a little bit more about who they are and what makes them tick!  We will start with our fearless leader! http://ow.ly/7U5un, Do you feed the birds?  Take advantage of our Curbside Bird Seed pickup NOW and this winter.  Click here to learn the details!, Did you get a picture with Santa this last Saturday?  We would love to see them!  Please post them here or tag us in your picture...  Even if its a picture of Santa and your dog!, We had a great morning discussing personal goals in our Training Challenge meeting.  Here's a great quote: “When we set a goal, a light goes on in our future.” - Jim Paluch at JP Horizons Inc.  
What are your goals for 2012?  To garden more?  Start a butterfly garden?  Learn how to prune?, null, What a great video!  Our stands are the same concept - but don't tackle your tree!, Don't forget - Santa today at NOON!  We hope you've been good little boys and girls!, all the elfs are working hard!, Would you purchase your LIVE Christmas Tree online and have it delivered?  Check out this article... Interesting., Have you been to the nursery for the Holidays yet?, null, Aimee - if you feel adventurous you can watch Cindy's video on how to make a bow and do it yourself.  We sell the ribbon too!  Or just watch her make your bow live!  Just ask Mo - she does a great job!, Help someone start dreaming about Spring! Click HERE! http://ow.ly/7JDYu, Just a re-post but we thought it was fitting! Thanks North Canton Patch!, Are you familiar with QR Codes?  Do you know how to scan them?  We are going to be using more around the nursery next year.  Let us know if you do! http://ow.ly/7GZXM, Have you been pigging out since Thanksgiving?  We have to, but now is the time to get up and get out!  Its a beautiful day to decorate and pick out your tree.  Put up the wreaths and make your porch pot while the weather is still nice out!, Did you know Eddie George was a landscape architect?  Listen to him here! http://ow.ly/7EQpg, We'll be there!  Is anyone else going to support our local basketball team?, Learn how to tie a Holiday Bow with Cindy Faller..., Turkey Day edition from Rice's Nursery http://conta.cc/uVSjLp, null, Do you want to learn how to make a Holiday Porch Pot?  Check out this video by Cindy Faller. , Check out our holiday hours here... http://ow.ly/7BxdA, Are you interested in having a patio installed?  How about a fire pit?  Do you want a privacy buffer? Or better yet, an outdoor kitchen! Do you want it done this Spring? Start the process NOW! Spring fills up quickly during the winter months. Fill out this "GET STARTED" form to start today., Pick out your tree early and have us deliver it when you are ready!, null, We also have LIVE TREES to sell for the holidays. They need special care - http://ow.ly/7xX4P, Are you going to be planting a winter container this year?, It's never to early to buy your poinsettia! Follow our tips to be successful. - http://ow.ly/7xX4O, Buy your Christmas tree today and we'll hold it until you are ready for it! - http://ow.ly/7xX4M, null, Need a great gift idea for the gardener in your life?  No batteries needed! Click HERE! http://ow.ly/7xVtj, GardenWise from Rice's Nursery and Landscaping, Inc. http://conta.cc/tYFiPG, null, If you have an android phone, this is a new APP we are going to be working with.  iPhone users will have an APP as soon as it becomes available on iTunes.  Check it out and let us know what you think.  We are still in the early stages with this., GardenWise from Rice's Nursery and Landscaping, Inc. http://conta.cc/syvOjk, null, Apply Systemic Houseplant Insect Control to all your houseplants now. It keeps them insect free for 2 months! We have it at @RicesNursery!, Are you on Google+?  We are!  , Pruning tip #3: Winter is a great time to prune Japanese Maples.  It allows you to see the "architecture" of the branching so that smart cuts can be made.  Sometimes having two people helps most - one pruning, the other standing back offering guidance., null, Signup for our email newsletters for more information about the upcoming holiday season. Also be the first to receive information about upcoming promotions, events and general news about Rice's Nursery and Landscaping. http://ow.ly/7mvCb, All bulbs 50% off!  Buy them while supplies last.  It's still a great time to plant them., Pruning tip #2: Only prune your shrub roses to 24" after the leaves have fallen off.  Cover the base with leaves or a light mulch.  Around April 15th (the thorniest day of the year) cut them back to 6" from the ground.  Prune past the black stems until you find green.  Shrub roses can be left taller if you choose, but some pruning will be required in the Spring., Pruning tip:  DO NOT prune your Butterfly Bush to the ground now.  Trim it back to 30" and then prune it down in the Spring around Mother's Day., null, null, Join us on Twitter to join the conversation! #ricesnursery, Great stuff from Bob's Market & Greenhouses, Inc.!, Another BEAUTIFUL sunny day to plant bulbs, start cutting back the perennials and grasses, and feed your plants with Plant-Tone!, Have you signed up for our EMAIL NEWSLETTER?, GardenWise from Rice's Nursery and Landscaping, Inc. http://conta.cc/tapncp, null, null, Its a crisp Halloween day to scary up so sweet deals at Rice's.  Stop by and haunt up a treat in our clearance shrub section with $5-$10 shrubs.  The black cats have made a made the rest of the shrubs 20% off too!   Our witches have stirred up a brew to make all decor items 65% off.  The ghosts made the pottery 40% off and finally, the werewolves are scarring the fairy garden into 40% off as well. Trust me, this is NO PRANK!   Don't let Rice's be a ghost town.....PLEASE stop by and pick up your sweet deals today!, The sun is out and it's a great day to plant your bulbs!  Stop by and pick up a few bags of your favorite bulbs. All our bulbs are 20% now!  While your here.... take a walk around the Garden Center.  Everything is on sale right now.  Need a tree or shrub....we got that!  How about some mums or perennials.....we got that!  Need to start your Christmas shopping.....we got that -65% off!  Come in and see the great fall deals. Saturday and Sunday 10-5pm., Have you planted your bulbs yet?, null, This is our "Plant Search Tool" on our website... What do you think of it?, Have you used our "Plant Search Tool" on our website this season?  , One word...... "Beautiful!", They are going fast!!  Pick up a pumpkin for $1 or even a pansy to show off your mums!, "Mums for $1 each?  Oh, they probably look pretty bad."  

We happen to think they look pretty FANTASTIC.  Reds, Rusts, Yellows, Golds, Bi-colors and Whites!!!

Hurry - supplies are dwindling!  We're open today until 5:00PM!  Be sure to spread the word and tell your Friends.

Pumpkins and Gourds - $1 apiece too!!!!

Pansies - 49 cents each!, Starting RIGHT NOW, All mums and pumpkins are $1.00!  All pansy's are $.50!  Today is a PERFECT day to get all your last minute fall shopping done!, Don't let the rain stop your Fall Gardening!  We have a lot of fall touch to decorate your indoor and out door living space to carry it through to Thanksgiving.  Or give your front door some fun & festive curb appeal for the Fall!  Stop by and shop under our dry Pottery Barn  or in the Green House to bring fall color home., Need some help getting started on your Christmas shopping?  Let Rice's Nursery be your personal shopper and help you!  All our Decor are now 50% off.  A great way to personalize your indoor as well as outdoor living space! Or...all our pottery is now 30% off to help you get a jump start on next years spring planting.  To accent the new pottery, you can purchase one of our houseplants to give your indoor living space a calm, peaceful setting.  The benefits of houseplants are to filter the air, add oxygen and give beauty to the home!  Stop by today and let us help you with your holiday shopping!, Our hours will be changing next week!  Beginning Sunday, October 16th, our store hours are Sunday 10-5, Monday CLOSED, Tuesday-Friday 10-6 and Saturday 10-5.
We have a lot of mums and pumpkins for your fall decorating as well!  Stop by soon and let us help you decorate your house for the fall., Glazed and Amused just brought all the flower pots from Ladies Night!  Please stop in and pick up your flower pot if you painted one!, null, null, It's time to start decorating your house for the Fall!  We have an amazing selection of fall season mums ready to bring some color to you outdoor living space or front porch. Dress the mums up with corn stalks, straw bales, gourds or pumpkins.  We have the lowest prices on our carving pumpkins in town!  Right now our pumpkins are buy 2 and get 1 free!  You can't beat that anywhere!, New fall sales start today! Decor, pottery, and selected wind chimes are now 30% off.  Also our thermometers are now 50% off while supplies last.  This exciting sale ends October 31st so stop by soon and pick up your favorites now!  It's a great time to get a head start on your Christmas shopping at Rice's., GardenWise from Rice's Nursery and Landscaping, Inc. http://conta.cc/qx3swD, null, null, null, Participating in the Career Fair sponsored by the Repository and Monster.com., null, A great inspirational video...  This is the reason we have two landscape architects on staff.  Inspiration, creativity, sustainable are just a few words to  describe the difference., GardenWise from Rice's Nursery and Landscaping, Inc. http://conta.cc/nl9wWb, Our RED TAG sale is underway!  Deep discounts on trees, shrubs and perennials., If you or if you know someone who might be interested in having a career with us, please let them know about our Career Day.  , Are your Itoh Peony's blooming like ours are?  If not, you should come in and talk to Karen!  She can help you out!, We just received a fresh load of evergreens today.  They will be tagged and ready to sell this weekend!, null, Check fairy gardens on page 4 of this online version of Landscape Ohio! Magazine.  , Need a tree?  Save $75 by buying todays Daily Deal!  Can be used towards any "Home Grown" tree at the nursery.  These are trees that we grew at our tree farm and are suited for Ohio's wonderful soil.  Maples, Crabapples, Oaks, Pear, Hawthorn, Weeping Cherry, Serviceberry and Sweetbay Magnolia to name a few.  , Need some fall tips to prepare your landscape and garden? Click here!, null, We will be closed today (Sunday) and Labor Day.  Please have a safe, enjoyable weekend and we will see you on Tuesday!, Dissecting a bag-worm- Come see us if you have them, dont confuse them with pine cones!, Lady in Red Hyrangea, Don't forget about our online tip sheets for watering, fall care, fertilization, etc., What is your preferred method for getting information from us?, null, What a perfect day... In case you were wondering, today would be a perfect time for you to swap out those tired annuals and replace them with some beautiful mums or perennials.  It's also a great time to patch up those areas in your yard with some PRO-MIX grass seed.  The cooler weather started a little earlier then normal so it should extend this fall planting season.  We are ready for you!, null, We were VERY proud to be selected by About magazines readers for your "Local Favorites!".  Read about it in the About magazine September issue., null, null, null, We are certainly in a perfect weather pattern for planting in your garden!  The mums are starting to show color and are ready to be planted in the ground.  Remember to use a little Root Blast when planting to help give those roots a good start., Official mowers if Sea World.  I thought the dolphins were?, MMMmmm... mmmm... mmmm...  But its harmless!, A little more about Powdery Mildew..., Great job Mark!, Awesome job!, null, null, Keep an eye our for these nasty little insects in your lawn.  Get down on your hands and knees and poke around the root system of the grass in the GREEN areas that are next to the brown.  If you see them, stop in and we will show you how to get rid of them., From Charles Whyde - my yard looked good a few weeks ago, but now its not doing so well. My neighbors still have green grass, do I have bugs? Grubs?, null, We received a few tri-color beeches in last week., null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, We are working on new displays in the greenhouse.  Stop out and see!, null, Company picnic, Go TJ and Rices Nursery!, null, null, null, Ray and Dave setting up for Balloonfest, We still have fresh hanging baskets!, Deer resistant plants for sun, Phantom hydrangea, Unique hydrangea, Glowing embers hydrangea, Butterfly weed 50% off!  Perfect for a butterfly garden., Oh they smell soooo good!, What excites you in your garden during these hot and sticky days?  Do you cut flowers for a bouquet for the dinner table?  Is it the hummingbirds visiting your Fuchsia?, Are we enjoying this heat?  Remember to drink lots of water (both you and the plants)!  , Some pictures from "Come Alive Outside" in Chicago., Had a great last day learning about "coming alive outside". Stay tuned to learn more about this.  Chicago us a great city to see people enjoying outdoor spaces.  It's time to bring that to Canton!, We are still going..., Chicago pizza oven in the back of a truck.  Great pizza too., Laurie park, The bean!  110 tons of polished stainless steel., The crown fountain.  The kids were having a blast on such a warm day.  Come alive outside!, Kids coming alive outside!, Taking action!, Buckingham fountain, Chicago does such a great job with containers downtown.  More to come... The day just started!, null, Good luck Blue Coats!, The latest creation from our nursery staff!, At a customers house and saw this.  Can you guess what killed this birch?, Have a safe and happy fourth of July!, Concerned about watering now that it finally stopped raining?  Check out our tip sheet., Interesting in Hydrangea's but are not sure which one is best for you?  Check out our tip sheet., Organic weed preventer is now $75 for 5,000 sq ft.  A savings of $64.96!  Great for vegetables gardens too., 2 for $20 Hanging Baskets (reg $19.99 ea), 50% Off King Tuts, Buy 1 Get 1 Free Red Fountain grass, 50% off Elephant Ears, 50% off Banana Trees (not employees!), $10 off Itoh Peonies, All grapevines are 50% off!, null, null, Fairy Garden weekend has officially begun!  Thanks to all the "Fairies" that came to the story time today!  Feel free to post some of your pictures!  We would love to see them., null, Tomorrow is National Fairy Day!, The Song of the Foxglove Fairy
"Foxglove, Foxglove,
    What do you see?"
The cool green woodland, 
    The fat velvet bee; 
Hey, Mr Bumble,
    I've honey here for thee!

"Foxglove, Foxglove, 
    What see you now?"
THe soft summer moonlight
    On bracken, grass, and bough;
And all the fairies dancing 
    As only they know how., null, null, Some more of our favorite currently blooming Hydrangeas! , FAIRIES IN THE GARDEN  1:00-2:30pm
$10 Admission  RSVP to 330-499-9622
Limitied space!  Great Mom/daughter day out., THE SONG OF THE CHERRY TREE FAIRY
Cherries, a treat for the blackbirds;
And there's never an elf in the treetops
But cherries are what he enjoys!
Cherries in garden and orchard,
Ripe and red in the sun;
And the merriest elf in the treetops
Is the fortunate Cherry-tree one!, null, What's blooming right now?  HYDRANGEAS!  Here are some of our favorites:
, Nancy Quinn Simon will be here for our "Fairies In The Garden" on Friday, June 24th. Limited to first 30 adult/child pairs! $10 admission. RSVP 330-499-9622.

Flower fairy fashion show, story time with Nancy Quinn, author of "The Paper Doll Book of Flowers & Fairy Fashions", (Free autographed book!). 20% of event proceeds benefit The Children's Garden at the Canton Garden Center, Joy! the Winter's nearly gone!
Soon will Spring come dance on;
And before her, here dance I,
Pink like sunrise in the sky.
Other lovely things will follow;
Soon will cuckoo come, and swallow;
Birds will sing and buds will burst,
But the Almond is the first!, null, Check out our new photos!  Both the Pottery Barn and the Green House are full of color!  The weather is perfect for some gardening!, null, Have you mulched your beds yet?, YES!  We are open today from 10am to 5pm, and on Memorial Day from 8am to 5pm., Stay away rain!, Setting up plants for Taste of Canton, null, It may be raining....but Mark and the flowers LOVE the rain!  Our Greenhouse and Pottery Barn are under cover.  It's a great day to wonder thru the flowers and pick out some color for your house., We agree!, Please make sure you signup for our email newsletter.  We post specials, current events, photo's plus other bits of information and send it to you about every week to two weeks.  , I think it's time to start Spring over again... Anyone with us?, In case you missed Cindy's table decorating class, here is part 1.  Visit our YouTube channel for all of her classes., null, Steve's first massage ever! He's hooked for life! (or at least the rest of it! ;) ), null, Get your picture taken with Madame Rex!, A little bling....... Come party with Madame Rex tonight......, Cindy and TJ are dressing up Madame Rex for Ladies' Night out!  We still have openings......, Curious about our mulch prices?  Click here!, Join our very own Mark Jones at Gervasi for "Woga"!, Yeah Harley!, Fertilizing your Hanging Baskets, null, Hanging Baskets with Kayla, Mothers Day Weekend at Rice's Nursery, Mothers Day Weekend at Rice's Nursery, This is our FAVORITE weekend of the year!  Are we going to see YOU there?  'Like' this status if we are!, Also - THE SUN IS SHINING and the nursery has come alive!, Despite the ROAD CLOSED signs we are OPEN! If you are coming from Market or Plain Center road you can continue on to Rice's as normal. If you are travelling from either Middlebranch or Firestone you will need to follow the DETOUR signs down Schneider., Be careful out there!, null, Spend $50 or more on Saturday or Sunday and receive a FREE pair of gloves OR a 1 gallon knockout rose for Mom! Just think, you could get two combo baskets for $50 and bring home a rose as well. Be the hero!, Congratulations Kevin Chambers for winning the WHBC $3,000 Rice's Nursery backyard makeover!, null, Todays seminars will be outside UNLESS it storms so please come prepared.  We want to have plenty of room for all the cool stuff Cindy and Kayla will be talking about., Wow!  So that's what a nice Saturday feels like. So how many of you made it in today?  Just like or comment on this post if you did. Thanks for your support!, null, First seminar starts in just a little bit. We still have some room for all sessions today, We would really like to hear your feedback about our Gardener Survey.  The idea is to figure out what type of gardener you are, then stop in and find items that match up with you.  Perhaps you are a "Earth Friendly" gardener.  You will see signs on "Earth Friendly" items you might like!  Please post your results!, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, Covered shopping means no rain and no wind!  Stop out and see us!, See what you are missing right here!  It's nice and dry in the greenhouse., null, null, null, null, Don't forget, come and see Nathan Mushrush from Peter Shear's on Saturday at 11am.  He has some AMAZING things cookin' with HERBS!, null, Check out what's new in the Perennial Department, It's official... We just launched our NEW website so please check it out and let us know what you think!, Easter Bunny will be stopping by Rice's Nursery Saturday, April 23rd at noon!  All are welcome.  Bring your Easter baskets to hunt for Easter eggs!, null, Check out our NEW plant finder!, null, null, null, null, null, Find out what type of gardener YOU are and let us know!  Comment with your gardening type!, Some people walk in the rain, others just get wet. - Roger Miller, null, null, 5' Emerald Green Arborvitae PALLET sale!  5 arbs for $375!  (Regular price is $99.99 each) We just unloaded some BEAUTIFUL 5' Emerald Green Arborvitae.  Take advantage of the sale before we put them away and then they become full price!, null, Gardening is about enjoying the smells of things growing in the soil, getting dirty without feeling guilty, and generally taking the time to soak up a little peace and serenity. - Lindley Karstens, A couple of our guys went to this event to learn about "Come Alive Outisde".  Check it out!, We are going to be selling a Rice's Bag starting today that allows you to save 10% on ANY PLANT that fits in the bag for the months of APRIL, MAY and JUNE.  But, here is where I need YOUR help!  We need something catchy to call it... "Green Grab Bag", "Rice's Rucksack", etc.  We will vote on your ideas!, There can be no other occupation like gardening in which, if you were to creep up behind someone at their work, you would find them smiling. - Mirabel Osler, I just saw the sun... Did anyone else see it?, null, null, Sign up today!, null, null, Frogville, USA!  Where they make the best "Ribbets" for all your construction projects!, Sooooo close to 600 'Likes'.  Thanks to all of our flowers!  I mean followers!, null, null, null, @Mother Nature - Not cool... No more snow!, null, null, null, One of the most delightful things about a garden is the anticipation it provides. - W.E. Johns, The Passing Show, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, In my garden there is a large place for sentiment.  My garden of flowers is also my garden of thoughts and dreams.  The thoughts grow as freely as the flowers, and the dreams are as beautiful. - Abram L. Urban, We are at $31 for ystark! so far.  I would love to see us get to $100 today!, null, We are at $20 so far!, Starting today, we would like to welcome members of ystark! to post on our fan page "Please donate $1 to yStark's 2011 Fund Drive".  We will add up the posts through March 31st and make a donation for that amount up to $500.  We'll see how this goes!  , null, If you are tired of the snow and want to hear some gardening talk, check out WHOF (my101.7) on Saturday mornings from 6-9am and listen to Ron Wilson.  He's one of our favorite people!, null, Awake, thou wintry earth- Fling off thy sadness!  Fair vernal flowers, laugh forth Your ancient gladness! - Thomas Blackburn, "An Easter Hymn", null, Is anyone else sick of winter? The good news for us is NEW stuff shows up everyday! Do you want to see what came in today?, null, null, Proud to be a part of the Come Alive Outside movement, which is inspiring families and communities to spend more time outdoors! We believe we can help folks in our community live healthier lives and have more fun by partnering with them to create incredible outdoor living spaces. Here are photos of the event we attended this weekend., null, null, null, To be interested in the changing seasons is a happier state of mind than to be hopelessly in love with spring. - George Santayana, null, Let the rain kiss you.  Let the rain beat upon your head with silver liquid drops.  Let the rain sing you a lullaby.  ~Langston Hughes   It maybe raining today, but inside we have spring waiting for you.  Stop by for a touch of spring.  We are open today from 8-5pm!, And when it rains on your parade, look up rather than down. Without the rain, there would be no rainbow. 
-Gilbert K. Chesterton , It was one of those March days when the sun shines hot and the wind blows cold: when it is summer in the light, and winter in the shade. - Charles Dickens, Spring makes its own statement, so loud and clear that the gardener seems to be only one of the intruments, not the composer. - Geoffrey B. Charlesworth, Springtime is the land awakening.  The March winds are the morning yawn.  -Quoted by Lewis Grizzard in Kathy Sue Loudermilk, I Love You, Gardening requires lots of water..... most of it came last night!, null, "Every gardener knows that under the cloak of winter lies a miracle ... a seed waiting to sprout, a bulb opening to the light, a bud straining to unfurl.  And the anticipation nurtures our dream."
-   Barbara Winkler, Due to this fabulous weather, the Rice's Nursery Garden Center will be closed today.  Sorry for any inconvenience this may cause., It's spring fever.  That is what the name of it is.  And when you've got it, you want - oh, you don't quite know what it is you do want, but it just fairly makes your heart ache, you want it so!  ~Mark Twain, Just so everyone knows, it's not all work!  We do have some fun..., null, There is the almond blossomin February, and a few weeks of pre-spring panic in the garden as we try to do the word we've been talking about all winter. - Peter Mayle, “I frequently tramped eight or ten miles through the deepest snow to keep an appointment with a beech-tree, or a yellow birch, or an old acquaintance among the pines.” - Henry David Thoreau, From December to March, there are for many of us three gardens-the garden outdoors, the garden of pots and bowls in the house, and the garden of the mind's eye....... - Katherine S. White, null, "Spring is when you feel like whistling even with a shoe full of slush." --Doug Larson, "Spring won't let me stay in this house any longer! I must get out and breathe the air deeply again. "-- Gustav Mahler, null, This mornings "Training Challenge"...  Understanding waste in our processes., The principal value of a garden is not understood.  It is not to give the possessors vegetables and fruit (that can be better and cheaper done by the market-gardeners), but to teach him patience and philosophy, and the higher virtues,-hope deferred, and expectations blighted, leading directly to resignation, and sometimes to alienation. - Charles Dudley Warner, What a great day to think about your garden!, "To a coon, six feet of wire fence is merely a jungle gym upon which it can work up an appetite before raiding the corn."
-  Roy Barette, My green thumb came only as a result of the mistakes I made while learning to see things from the plant's point of view. -H. Fred Dale, It's the last day to nomininate a young professional! , "That's the good rich earth," he answered, digging away.  "It's in a good humour makin' ready to grow things.  It's glad when plantin' time comes.  It's dull in the winter when it's got nowt to do.  In th' flower gardens out there things will be stirrin' down below in th' dark.  Th' sun's warmin' 'em.  You'll see bits o' green spikes stickin' out' o' th' black earth after a bit." - Frances Hodgson Burnett, Your first job is to prepare the soil.  The best tool for this is your neighbor's motorized garden tiller.  If your neighbor does not own a garden tiller, suggest that he buy one. - Dave Barry
If all else fails, stop by Rice's Nursery Garden Center and check out the AMAZING tools we have for you!  We are stocked and ready for this gardening season., NEED TOOLS?  See Rice's Nursery!  Corona pruners, Felco pruners, Terra Verde tools, Garden Wessels (We LOVE them for spring clean ups!), Garden Works hand tools, Garden Claw, and DeWitt hand tools., SWEET new tools from Worth.  A must have!  The tools hanging on the fence on left are our new DeWitt hand tools., null, If you know an individual that is a young community leader, please consider nominating them for the "Twenty under 40!" through yStark.  , The tulips I had planted last autumn were in bloom, and I liked to sit and caress their petals, which felt disgustingly delicious, like scraps of peau de soie. - Jamaica Kincaid

**Our tulips are here in bloom!  Stop by and pick up your Tulips, Hyacinth, Azaleas, Primrose, African Violets and more.  (Hint: Spring flowers make great Valentine's Day gifts too!)  Think Spring!, null, All through the long winter I dream of my garden.  On the first warm day of spring, I dig my fingers deep into the soft earth.  I can feel its energy, and my spirits soar. - Helen Hayes, For the garden is not only a place in which to make things grow and to display the beautiful flowers of the earth, but a place that should accord with the various moods of its admirers.  It should be a place in which to hold light banter, a place in which to laugh, and, besides, should have a hidden corner in which to weep.  -Alice Lounsberry, I think it is because I have been more or less a gardener all my life that I still feel like a child in many ways, althought from the number of years I have lived I ought to know that I am quite an old woman., You can spot real gardners as easily in February as in July.  Bright seed catalogs cover their coffee tables.  A couple of catalogs lie on the kitchen table besides the toast and jam.  There are a few on the bedside table in case of insomnia., Fall Festival 2002, Also, we are celebrating our 70th year in business in 2011.  You will be hearing and reading more about this as the season goes on.  We would enjoy seeing pictures from the history of Rice's Nursery.  Perhaps past events (Fall Festivals, Holidays, etc.) and putting them into a folder on FB.  So please send us anything you have!  Even summers at Willow Spring count!, A cold winters day POLL:  How many of you would prefer an ELECTRONIC postcard or newsletter instead of a paper one?, Good morning!  We will be closed today due to well... I am sure you can guess!  We are here to answer the phones, but with a very limited staff.  Stay safe out there!, null, If you know of a young professional that does a lot for our community, please consider nominating them!
, Poll Question:  Do any of you have an iPad, and if so, have you found any good Gardening App's you care to share?, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, We are at the Atlanta Gift Mart and the girls found some new Fairy Gardening Fairies... Pictures to follow..., We are also working on our Spring orders for unusual nursery stock.  Do you have any specimen pieces you are looking for?, We are working on our tomato and pepper orders for this coming year... What are your favorites?, A Gardeners Night Before Christmas...
, Tomorrow is our last day we are open until January 3rd!  Stop in from 8am-5pm for any last minute gift card, gift, or greens!, If you could choose between an INSTANT GIFT CARD VOUCHER (through email) or having an actual plastic GIFT CARD sent, what would you do?  Keep in mind both could be purchased from our website..., Do you want to earn FUEL PERKS by buying a Rice's Gift Card?  If so, click this link:, Don't forget about Rice's Gift Cards for the gardening enthusiasts in your life.  We sell them in any denomination and they never expire!, We are taking a little survey and we would like to here if anyone would be interested in participating in kids crafts or activities once or twice a month during the season?  If so, what types of things would interest you?, We are down to the last 39 trees!  $5 off all sizes of Christmas trees while supplies last!, null, 25% Off all GREENS, WREATHS, and PORCH POTS.  Remember, porch pots will last until February in most cases.  They aren't just for Christmas anymore!, 6 Hours left on our deal at GROUPON.  
, $10 worth of Fairy Gardening supplies for $5!
, Check out the GREAT deal on GROUPON for Fairy Gardens at Rice's!, We will be closing at 3pm today.  Apparently buying trees and greens is not a priority before a huge snow storm!  We hope everyone drives safe and stays off the roads if it gets bad tonight and tomorrow morning., Rain before the snow... I hear anything from 6-18" for the next few days.  Luckily our Christmas Trees are under cover!, Happy Holidays from the Elves at Rice's Nursery!, Don't forget about your ornaments from ladies night!  Also, we still have a good selection of greens, wreaths and porch pots for decorating you home., Ornaments have arrived from Ladies Night!! Please stop in to visit us and pick up your ornament!!, To all our plant "geeks" out there, let us know if there is a particular plant you are after.  We are finishing up our SPRING BOOKINGS and we'd like to hear your thoughts.  As we pass by some NEW varieties we will be posting them on Facebook., We are down to our last 100 Christmas Trees!  The 6-7' Fraser's are going fast so make sure you get in and at least tag and purchase it soon.  You can always pick it up next week., null, Thank you again to our vendors for a successful evening! ( About magazine, Milk and Honey Ice cream,Canton Ohio, Pileggi's Catering, Glazed & Amused Paint Your Own Pottery, Nick Changet Jewelers, Paper Allure, Kari's Kitchen, The Hair Shoppe & Spa ).  Also to "A Personal Touch" for some of our props and specifically the "Candy Land Shoppe"., Thank you to EVERYONE that came to our first Ladies Night!  We had a lot of fun and we hope you did to!  We will post the total amount of money raised for Pathway Caring for Children on Monday.  If anyone took some pictures please post them!  We'd love to see and hear what you thought!, null, Don't forget, tonight is LADIE'S NIGHT at Rice's!  Thanks again to The Hair Shoppe & Spa, Milk and Honey Ice cream,Canton Ohio, Glazed & Amused Paint Your Own Pottery, Nick Changet Jr. Jewelers, Paper Allure, Kari's Kitchen, and Joe Pileggi's Catering for helping us out!, Thanks for the mention (Plain Township, Ohio Community Page) about Santa! It will be a GREAT time!, Plants that glow on their own developed.  Red roses with glowing petals, poinsettias lit up for Christmas and shrubbery that illuminates communities at night, rendering street lights unnecessary —  that's the vision behind the company BioGlow, Inc., which has transplanted into tobacco plants the genes that allow marine bacteria to light up., null, Just a reminder... Saturday is Santa at NOON!  Bring your friends and family to see him arrive on a FIRETRUCK!, What a perfect today to pick out a perfect Christmas tree.  Stop out and see us!, Do you want to win a $50 gift certificate? Get a friend to sign up for our Fan Page and have them "comment" with your name for a chance to win! You and your friend's name will be put into a hat and we'll draw December 19th! The more friends you refer, the better your chance for winning! Good luck!, Do you want to win a $50 gift certificate?  Get a friend to sign up for our Fan Page and have them "comment" with your name for a chance to win!  You and your friend's name will be put into a hat and we'll draw December 19th!  The more friends you refer, the better your chance for winning!  Good luck!, We hope everyone has a great Thanksgiving!  We are closed tomorrow but will be back open on Friday at 8am., Don't forget about Rice's Gift Cards for the holidays! I guarantee we won't be as crowded as the mall and they make great gifts!, Take advantage of the warm weather and get decorating! Stop in and get advice on what to do with your holiday greens., 10 more FRIENDS and we are at 500 for our Fan Page!!!, Are you on Twitter?  Post your username below and we'll follow YOU!  You can also follow us on twitter at RicesNursery., This is the last Sunday we will be closed for awhile.  Starting on Monday, we are back to 7 days a week! M-F 8-6pm, Sat 8-5pm, Sun 10-5pm., GROUPON.COM - How many of our fans are using GROUPON?  We are looking to do some things with them now and in the Spring and I was wondering who might be using it?  Thanks for the input!, New widlife Corner has arrived at Rice's Nursery!  We expanded our corner to fit your birding needs.  Beautiful new bird houses and bird feeders to suit you wildlife freinds.  

Your wildlife friends have four legs....yes we have just what you need for them too!  Deer feeders, and platforms to fill with treats for them,too.

Stop by to visit our new Wildlife Corner!  Just a note, for those of you who know Rice's Nursery Garden Center like the back of your hand, we moved our Wildlife Corner to the front of the store.

We look forward to helping you this Winter season.  Keep in mind that we are open year around for all your wildlife needs!, null, Wow!  The new types of greens we received are going fast! Please stop in soon if you are looking for something in particular., Just a reminder, Santa will be here December 4th at NOON!  See the video below..., null, Ladies Night is officially FULL!  We expanded it to 150 and we reached our limit.  Thank you to everyone who signed up!  We are taking names for a waiting list just in case., null, null, Our first load of "GREENS" just arrived. We'll be spending the day sorting and pricing. Is there anything you are looking for?, Coming soon... The life and times of Rice's Fairyland @ Rice's Nursery Fairy Tales...  Stay tuned for what's new in their lives!, null, null, Pruning Tip: Cut back your butterfly bush to about 3 feet now, and then to about 8" to 12" around Mother's Day., The Amaryllis bulb: Start now for big bold holiday blooms, watch it grow, Last minute tree deals going on at Rice's!  We have some crabapples, hawthorn, maples and a few other varieties that we are dealing on., If you are thinking about getting grass to germinate its to late. Try dormant seeding right around Thanksgiving if you have bare spots., Knockout Roses : Cut them down to 18-24" now and then to 4-6" around April 15th.  If they are exposed, mound them a little bit with leaves., null, One more thing - All crabapples are between $50 and $75 a piece!  We still have some great trees left!, I'm watching our first artificial tree going up in probably 8 years in front of my office!, We're painting and primping in the store this week for the holidays. We're also moving everything around to make room for our holiday goods!, Now is a GREAT time to transplant any trees or shrubs that need to be moved. Make sure you water them once a week until the ground freezes!, Mark it on your calendars!  Dec 3rd is Ladies Night at Rice's!  From 6-9pm.  Tickets are $10 and the proceeds go to Pathways Caring for Children.  Milk & Honey, Nick Changet Jr Jewers, Glazed and Amused, Joe Pileggi Catering, plus a few others.  More details coming soon!  If you are interested let me know! We are limiting it to 50 tickets!, null, Don't forget about planting your FALL BULBS.  The weather is still decent to get them in the ground.  Spray them with REPELS-ALL before planting to keep the critters from digging them up., Great job with your Eagle Scout project Dan Wallace!, Can anyone identify this lizard we found at the tree farm?, We have a winner for our DIY Challenge!  Congratulations to TEAM 2!
They will receieve a $50 Gift Card. Team 1 will also receive a $25 Gift Card.
Great job to both teams and please stop by to pick up your Gift Cards! Keep watching Facebook for our next DIY Challenge and all the exciting events we have here at the Nursery!, null, Timely tip - If your lawn has brown spots, now is the perfect time to seed.  Anytime between now and October 15th is best.  After that date, you take a chance on the grass germinating and then dying from a severe frost.  Take advantage of the rain and cool weather and get it done ASAP!, Don't forget to VOTE for your favorite DIY Challenge TEAM display in the pictures below.  Voting will end on Friday!, Hi all!  We'll get you on the list as well as the people that refer you.  Thanks for jumping on our Fan Page., Check out my Australian tree fern!  I can barely fit it into the greenhouse this year!, null, Wow!  We've got all of Kelly Brodzenski's friends on the list as well as a chunk of mums/asters for Kelly!  Thanks everyone!, null, We would love to here some stories of what you planted from Rice's and how they've done!  Better yet, post some pictures of your beautiful gardens or favorite plants.  We enjoy seeing our plants new homes!, DIY Challenge in 60 minutes!  Do you have what it takes to TAKE THE CHALLENGE?  We'll be posting pictures and video after the event... Stop in and participate or cheer on your friends or family., Don't forget, the Fall DIY Challenge is coming up on Saturday! Sign-up for one of the 10 remaining spots! Just post on FB that you want to play and we will get you on the list!  Checkout this Spring's DIY pictures!, null, null, Don't forget, the Fall DIY Challenge is coming up on Saturday!  Sign-up for one of the 10 remaining spots!  Just post on FB that you want to play and we will get you on the list!, Have a friend sign up for our FAN PAGE and receive a FREE MUM or ASTER for YOU and YOUR FRIEND! Have your friend POST a message saying "HI" with your name and we will record it. NOW through October 10th., Have a friend sign up for our FAN PAGE and receive a FREE MUM or ASTER for YOU and YOUR FRIEND!  Have your friend POST a message saying "HI" with your name and we will record it.  NOW through October 10th., null, A wonderful project at Frazer Elementary
http://ww2.plainlocal.org/powpak/cgi-bin/frame.pl?page=blog_page.pl&id=EagleEyes, Just an update... The fires are out and everything is fine.  The dry weather, combined with wind and spontaneous combustion led to the fire in our yard waste pile.  The mulch itself was not on fire so feel free to come in and buy some today!

http://www.cantonrep.com/news/x1165094133/Firefighters-fighting-mulch-brush-fire-at-Rice-s, null, null, null, http://www.communitybetterment.org/o/5272/content.jsp?content_KEY=58, Chickity Doo Doo - Have you used it?  If so, what are your thoughts?, We are OPEN today from 10am to 5pm.  Tree sale prices continue through the end of the month.  Now is a GREAT time to plant so stop in today!, Don't forget!  Today is the LAST day for the Farm Tree Sale!  Don't miss out on the great savings from now until 4pm.  Stop in the garden center or call for directions.  Hope to see you there!, null, Fall decoration in the  Pottery Barn, null, The FOURSQUARE specials are setup!  Get a FREE 8" Mum on your first check-in at Rice's Nursery.  Show the cashier that you are here by showing them your phone - and you get your free mum!  For anyone else interested check out this link:
http://foursquare.com/, Congratulations to our latest Ohio Certified Nursery Technician - Kayla Ehmer !  She has passed the Grower portion of the test.  To learn more about OCNT and how it benefits you as a customer see this link:
http://www.onla.org/index.cfm/fuseaction/home.showpage/pageID/5/index.htm, null, Pumpkins and gourds are starting to arrive fresh from our farm!  Fall is for decorating and we're getting in the mood.  Stop out this weekend to check out our fall displays!, Debi Slagle signed up for the DIY Challenge this fall on October 2nd at 11am.  Who's next?, One more thing, if you are on FOURSQUARE we are too!  Stop out for a great deal just for checking in!, What a PERFECT DAY!  FINALLY!!!  Just an update on the tree sale at the farm and garden center.  The sale will be on only the trees we have "Above Ground".  These are the trees that we dug this year and need to move!  However, we have the best deals on trees you will find anywhere.  September 11th and 18th from 9am to 4pm.  Deals at the garden center start TODAY!, We are seeing some great weather on the horizon!  Have a wonderful Labor Day Weekend!  We are open on Saturday from 8-5pm.  We will be closed on Sunday and Monday., Hummingbird rescue, null, Beautiful weather this week to plant mums!  5 for $25 normally $5.99each.  Great colors to choose from!, Stay tuned for more information about our Farm Sale September 11th and 18th.  Let us know if there is something your are looking for and we'll get in touch with you., null, null, null, null, Saturday August 21st Rice's Nursery will be at the GREEN EXPO from 11a-4p! We will be showcasing many of our organic products as well as answering any gardening questions you might have. Bring your old computers, cell phones, papers to be shredded and much more! Check out the Stark County Health Departments website for the event at      http://www.starkhealthevents.com/, What does everyone think of this Black Petunia from Ball?  We would love to hear your thoughts!
http://www.ballhort.com/Growers/plant_info.aspx?phid=048800001010495&dispmode=, null, Watch for new photos of our new gardens!, null, null, null, null, null, If your hanging baskets look a bit tired, stop out for some FRESH baskets!, All tropicals are 30% off and that includes all the beautiful trees!  Fresh Lemons, Limes and Oranges too!, Relief is on its way!  Take advantage of this cooler weather coming this weekend and get outside and spray weeds in your grass with Weed Beater.  Also, use Killz-All in your beds to kill pesky weeds such as thistle and ground ivy.  Add some color with perennials especially since they are on sale Buy 3 get the 4th one FREE!, Check out some of the new and different coneflower's that are blooming right now!, Don't forget we are open today, July 5th from 8am to 6pm.  It's a great day to "bend our ear" and get some free advice on those problem spots in your yard.  Come on in and see us!, We are closed on Sundays starting on July 4th and continuing through August.  Monday -Friday we are open 8am - 6pm and Saturday from 8am - 5pm.  Take advantage of this beautiful weather this weekend and get that small project started!, What are your plans this weekend?  Might they include a trip to Rice's? :), We will be closing at 5:00pm today due to excessive moisture from "Mother Nature"!  Sorry for any inconvenience this may have caused., Now is a great time to get started on those outdoor projects.  Our "Snapshot Gardening" schedule is opening up a little so give us a call and set up an appointment for your free 30 minute consultation.  All we ask is for you to bring in your memory card, digital camera or memory stick and some rough dimensions and we can help you with a "plan of attach"!, This Thursday and Friday night are the last late nights for the summer.  We will go back to our regular hours of Mon-Fri 8am to 6pm, Saturday 8am to 5pm, and will now be closed Sundays through the summer starting in July.  We still have a great selection of annuals and tropicals available!, http://www.thesuburbanite.com/newsnow/x1600622285/Take-the-home-and-garden-tour-in-Lake-Township, We just received a new line of Fairy Garden items!  , We just received a new line of Fairy Garden items!  , Don't forget - this month is PERENNIAL month at Rice's Nursery.  All perennials are Buy 4 get the 5th one free (of equal or lesser value)., Facebook Poll:  Have you finished buying your annuals and tropicals yet?, null, It's great when kids get involved! 
http://www.cantonrep.com/stark/x293543444/On-last-day-of-school-work-heads-outdoors, What a storm!  Due to the current weather patterns, we may be closing at 3pm today.  (Memorial Day)  Please call ahead after 3pm.  Thanks!, And the winner is.... (drum roll)... Team Edible!!!  2nd Place is Team Butterfly and 3rd place is Team Shade!  Thank you all for playing, and keep an eye out on FB for another DIY Challenge soon!, If you were a participant in todays DIY challenge, please post a picture or a comment on the event! We'd love to hear from you..., null, We still have some spots open for the DIY Challenge coming up this weekend!  Every participant receives a gift card based on how well the group does.  Are you interested?  If so - post on Facebook!, It is absolutely amazing how many shrubs and flowers we have at the nursery right now.  I am not even sure if we have the room for it all!  I guess some of it will have to find a home at YOUR house!  All 12" Combo Baskets are 2 for $50 this weekend (reg $34.99).  All other 10" Baskets are two for $30 (reg. $19.99ea) unless otherwise marked., Mother's Day is this weekend!  We'll have some great gifts for mom all weekend.  More to follow... :), From one of our favorite customers...
http://share.shutterfly.com/share/received/welcome.sfly?fid=50fe17ca8a3b2b61&sid=8Aat2jNs4cs1FsM
Great job Katie!, null, Don't forget, starting tonight we will be open until 8pm on Thursday and Friday nights.  Please stop in and say 'Hi'!, Stop out today in between the rain drops!  Sundays are a great day to "pick our brains" because it tends to be a little slower., I want to thank Ann Bradway and her Hoover Culinary students for the "Cooking with Herbs" demonstration yesterday.  It was very well attended and it smelled terrific!, The greenhouse is packed!  Believe it or not, there is more to come...  We just received some beautiful 5g Double Knockout roses for $50.  They are incredible!, http://www.todaysgardencenter.com/magazine/?storyid=3154&style=1, Tropicals are starting to poor into the greenhouse.  We'll have some of the most unusual stuff this year so make sure you stop in early to check them out., http://www.cantonrep.com/newsnow/x1042537942/Rices-Nursery-earns-state-wide-landscaping-awards, This is a SURVEY for all of our Facebook Fans... If we stayed open until 8pm, what days would be better (M, TU, W, TH, FR, or SAT?)  Please answer with a comment below.  Thanks!, null, We are getting FULL already!  Over 75% of the trees are in, shrubs are stocked and blooming, and the greenhouse is bursting at the seams with stock geraniums.  It's still a bit early to plant annuals and some perennials, but its safe for most trees and shrubs.  Stop in and take a look!, The trees are beginning to arrive from our tree farm.  We'll harvest over 2000 trees in the next couple of weeks!  Hopefully by this Saturday we will have a good selection of flowering and shade trees to choose from.  Is there something you are looking for specifically?  Let me know!, Wow!  We've got some great weather coming this week.  Make sure your Step 1 Lawn Fertilizer gets down as soon as possible!  Also - the pansy's are looking great in 4.5" pots and baskets so hurry in and get it today.  If you buy all 4 Steps of the Lawn Fertilizer PLUS Insect Control you get a FREE Pansy basket!, Herbs are here!  5 for $15.  We also have received quite a bit of nursery stock and are beginning to look like a nursery again!  Pictures to follow..., First load of Dogwoods arrived today.  We start digging at OUR farm next week, and should have more trees in by the following week.  Pansy's still available, as well as Daff's, Tulips and Hyacinth., What's here today..., We now have weeping pussywillow in stock!  Also - check out the 'Diane' Witch hazel. We have a select few of these in stock right now! http://www.monrovia.com/plant-catalog/plants/1352/search.php?flower_attribute=2, Congratulations to our new neighbors!  Good luck on your first night tomorrow!, First load of nursery stock arrived from the West Coast today.  We've got some great stuff headed our way this year.  We'll have pictures soon!, We are seeing a lot of Snow Mold out there but don't fret!  Most of it will clear up on it's own.  If you aren't sure if that is what you have, take a picture and upload it here!, Our seminars this Saturday are going to be repeated the next Saturday, March 20th., The new gift area is taking shape!  The flooring will be coming next..., The pavers and walls are almost done INSIDE the store.  Pictures to follow tomorrow.  Also - the first batch of perennials are potted and inside the greenhouse.  Spring, here we come!, http://www.cantonrep.com/news/x331483796/Green-Space-City-dwellers-no-longer-locked-out-of-gardening, Does anyone have some pictures of their gardens from last year that they want to post on our Fan Page?  We are also providing a board inside the garden center for your proud gardening portraits!, Some projects and new products in PROGRESS!, The new gift area is taking shape!  The flooring will be coming next..., Finally!!! Two days of sun and I think we are all on the mend.  We're working hard on getting ready for Spring.  The gift area is taking shape and the new lighting was installed today.  More to come!, We open back up tomorrow at 9am.  Stop in to restock your bird feeders!, We will be closed from Dec. 24th thru Jan. 3rd. After that, we are open 9-5 Mon-Fri all winter. Have a Merry Christmas and Happy New Year!, The first sign of Spring for us came on a semi today.  Our LAWN FERTILIZER!New bags, new formula.We'll have seminars to explain the changes!, Poinsettia's and trees are almost gone!  Please call ahead when coming late in the evening.  We've been closing early due to weather., We are working on next Spring's plant orders.  Anyone looking for something in particular?  Citrus?  Unusual patio tropicals?, The Christmas season is starting to slow down for us.  All fresh greens, wreaths and roping are now 25% off.  The fresh trees are going fast too!, Don't forget your Rice's Nursery giftcards!  Stop in, or buy online at www.ricesnursery.com. They never expire!, Santa arrives at Rice's!
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WHALnalRpRU, null, null, Did anyone take pictures on Friday night?  Post them if you can!, Christmas trees are up and looking great.  Make sure you get yours this week! Pick it out, pay for its and we'll hold it for you!, Thanks to all who stopped out to the Preview Party last night!  We had a GREAT turn out and it was so nice to spend time with all of you.  Also a big thanks to El Campesino for the tasty food!, null, null, We will be setting up our booth at the Holiday & Home Show at the Civic Center tomorrow.  Come out and see us on Saturday & Sunday!, Goodie Creation Station
http://www.flickr.com/photos/ricesnursery/, Check out our new Gift Bag Creation Station!  You can build your own gift bags for house warming, birthday or holiday gift giving!, Don't forget - you can recycle your yard waste here!  We'll take your leaves, branches and debris.  Follow the signs for drop off info., Sale trees are going fast!  Make sure you stop in and pick one out before they are gone.  All Crabapples are $75 each!, Free gourds!  All small gourds are now FREE - limit of 20 per household., Interesting article...
http://www.msnbc.msn.com/id/33400752/ns/technology_and_science-science/, http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QJUubQArZRM, http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6zNgsaQ-haU, See what's still available to plant!
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Z9BIHreMWJ4, Rice's Nursery is on YouTube!, We've added a Rice's Nursery YouTube Channel!  Add us as a friend and watch as we add new video's about pruning, planting, current events, etc.
http://www.youtube.com/user/RicesNursery, http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=se73AKtOdKs, All Japanese Maples are 50% off through the end of October.  Now is a GREAT time to plant them!, Just a few pictures from our Tree Sale at Rice's Tree Farm, Fall decorations are now reduced!  Mums are almost gone so make sure you get yours today.  Don't forget all kids get a free gourd when they make it through the straw maze!, Rain or shine, don't forget we have covered shopping areas!  The straw maze is almost done - don't forget each child gets one free gourd when you stop in., Our NEW Ethel Gloves have just arrived. Check them out at http://www.ethelgloves.com/ Only $19.99 each and they make great gifts too!, Fall decorating ideas..., Pumpkins, Gourds, Cornstalks and mini-straw bales are in.  Now is the time to decorate!, Mum's the word!  Stop out and see all the beautiful fall colors.  Buy 5 for $25., What's up with all this rain?  Good news, it makes planting right now MUCH easier!  Take advantage of this great planting weather and plant a tree!, The Japanese beetles are still out there eating your plants!  Remember, they don't typically kill anything - just make your plants look ugly!  You can use EIGHT to kill them and keep them away for up to 4 weeks., Are your containers looking tired?  We have fresh 1 gallon annuals to help fill in those gaps., The greenhouse is filling up!  Come out and see all the great stuff coming in.  We have almost every herb you can think of in stock right now.  Let us know if you can't find the one you are looking forward., See the Ditch Witch in action!, Just a few shots of digging a hole with our new Ditch Witch,, The greenhouse is getting full!  We just brought in some blooming hanging baskets, some 4" annuals and annual flats.  Lots of color waiting for you!, Now is the time to apply your STEP 1 Crabgrass preventer fertilizer.  Also, get your plants ready for spring by applying Holly-Tone, Plant-Tone, and Tree-Tone., Just a few pictures from the nursery., Pear, Birch and Weeping Cherry are now in.  We also started our "Sale Tree" area so check them out before they are gone!, Our crews have been digging trees for a couple of weeks now.  We are in the process of bringing them in to the nursery., Trees are being dug at the nursery.  We should have a good selection by the weekend with more coming next week!  Reply to this if you are looking for a tree!, Starting Sunday, March 29th we will be open on Sundays from 10-5pm., Ask us about MULCH MADNESS!  5 yards or more and get free delivery if you live within a 3-4 mile radius of the nursery., null, Visit our website for our seminar listings - http://ricesnursery.com/uploads/2009Schedule-1105.pdf, has some unique trees and shrubs in right now.  Stop out on Saturday to take a look!, - Fruit Trees are here!, is enjoying this warm weather.  Spring is around the corner for sure!, is preparing to pot up more perennials!, Potting up our Roses, Steve's Blog, Winter Burn, We potted up our roses today!  One of the first signs of Spring for us.  , Can you guess what they are?, Stop in for something to chase the grey away..., Add these "beneficial" bugs to your garden this year., Anyone else tired of the snow?  When the sun does finally come out, what is the first thing YOU are going to do??
, Can you guess what they are?, We are growing plants for our Spring containers as well as Pansys and Primrose for sales in March and April., 110+ Acres with over 30,000 trees in the ground.  We grow about 85% of our shade and ornamental trees., Gardens from our old house.)