List(Check out this set of cards fans asked for, so we produced!, Dylan Larkin has become kind of a big deal for the Detroit Red Wings. Take a look behind the scenes at a recent signing session with this "Young Gun.", null, This year’s Fleer Showcase is loaded with some of the hottest Rookie Cards of the year.  Find at least one Hot Prospects Rookie Auto Patch per box numbered as low as 299, including Red Glow and White Hot parallels numbered to 25 and 5 respectively.  Metal Universe Rookies are back, falling 3 per box.  Find highly sought after PMG Red, Blue, Green and all-new Purple parallels numbered as low as 5.  Look for Flair cards with Premium memorabilia and Rookie Auto Patch parallels, along with 1 of 1 Blue Ice Masterpiece cards. The Rookie Cards don’t stop there!  Find Ultra Rookies - including Platinum Medallion and Ultra Violet Medallion parallels, Skybox Premium Prospects - including Star Rubies and Sparkling Diamonds parallels, and Hot Prospects Duos, Trios and Autos - including Red Glow and White Hot parallels.  Get to your local card shop April 6th and pick yourself up a box or two before they are all gone!, Step 1: Get in your car.
Step 2: Get to your local card shop.
Step 3: Enjoy the new SPx NHL product, exclusive to Upper Deck Certified Diamond Dealers. You will LOVE the new look of the SPx autograph rookie cards when you hold them in your hands!, Lots of folks are chasing Connor McDavid's rookie cards this season, but parents are really enjoying bonding with their kids during the hunt. Check out this story from the Canadian Dad on their memorable quest!, Collectors are sharing they love opening Upper Deck March Madness basketball cards at the start of the tournament! Make sure you share what you pull right here! #MarchMadness, We’re in the business of bringing fans closer to the game., It has been one of the greatest seasons for NHL® rookies in modern memory. Those who are collecting hockey rookie cards and memorabilia this season have plenty of options to keep them busy, and one place to find the greatest selection of those cards is at the 2016 Sport Card & Memorabilia Expo on April 8, 9 and 10.

Make your travel plans now and prepare to get your boxes or cases of Upper Deck hockey products from this season to take part in some very exciting programs. You will want to make sure you purchase from Upper Deck Certified Diamond Dealers (they will have large yellow balloons flying overhead). Only these dealers will be able to provide you with special vouchers to participate in our programs.

Here is a breakdown of Upper Deck promotions available at the show:

UD Spring Expo Promotional Pack Wrapper Redemption – Open Friday-Sunday until product runs out

Open one hobby box of the following boxes at the Upper Deck booth after presenting staff with your voucher to receive a FREE Spring Expo UD Promotional Pack.
2015-16 NHL® O-Pee-Chee
2015-16 NHL® Full Force
2015-16 NHL® UD2
2015-16 NHL® SPx
2015-16 NHL® Fleer Showcase

Each three-card UD Spring Expo Promotional Pack will contain at the very least three 2015-16 NHL® Upper Deck Series Two Midnight parallel cards numbered to just 25 copies (cards 251-450).

Packs may also contain two Midnight parallel cards and a Parkhurst Priority Signings Autograph card!

Some rare packs will contain two Midnight parallels cards and an instant redemption card good for a rare Upper Deck Authenticated memorabilia item!

UD Spring Expo Case Breaker Wrapper Redemption – Open Friday-Sunday while supplies last

Open one sealed hobby case of the following items at the Upper Deck case breaker lounge after presenting staff with your voucher to receive five Spring Expo UD Promotional Packs and one limited-edition bonus card or memorabilia item. Limit two per person per day.
2015-16 NHL® SPx (8 boxes)
2015-16 NHL® SP Game-Used (10 boxes)
2015-16 NHL® Trilogy (9 boxes)
2015-16 NHL® Fleer Showcase (8 box case)

Bonus items will consist of super rare Parkhurst Priority Signings Exclusive Autograph or Dual Autograph card.

Bonus items can also consist of limited-edition Upper Deck Authenticated memorabilia!

UD FULL FORCE FACE OFF – Friday from 8:00-9:00 p.m., Saturday from 3:00-4:00 p.m., Sunday from 1:00-2:00 p.m.

Purchase a box of 2015-16 NHL® Full Force from a Certified Diamond Dealer and bring the box and voucher to the Upper Deck booth. We will be hosting head-to-head box wars where everyone participating will win a prize. The winner of the round will receive a very limited uncut sheet of Upper Deck NHL® cards from this season and the 2nd place finisher will receive a special insert card! 

Random Acts of Kindness Scavenger Hunt – One of the biggest fan favourite events takes place on Friday at the Expo where Upper Deck will hide 25 envelopes marked with the Upper Deck Random Acts of Kindness label. Find them, open them and bring them to the Upper Deck booth to claim prizes like insert cards, sealed product and signed memorabilia! To give everyone a fair shot however, you can only win once. Staff will provide hints throughout the day at the Upper Deck booth on a large whiteboard.

FREE Raffles – Fans love to score some freebies from Upper Deck and we will have plenty of items available at free raffles on Saturday at 2:45 p.m. and Sunday at 12:45 p.m. Make sure to stop by the Upper Deck booth at least 30 minutes prior to receive a free raffle ticket.

Free Kids Admission Courtesy of Upper Deck – Make sure to check out the Sport Card & Memorabilia Magazine for a coupon for a free kids (ages 6-12) admission courtesy of Upper Deck. Kids in this age range can also visit the Upper Deck booth to score a free insert card (limit one per child during the run of the show).

Special Saturday Night Invitation-Only Event – Stay tuned for details on a special Saturday Night event for dealers and VIP guests courtesy of Grosnor Distribution.

Upper Deck Authenticated Memorabilia – Fans who love Upper Deck’s incredible memorabilia items will definitely want to check out some of the stunning items on display at the Upper Deck booth from legends of the ice like Wayne Gretzky, Teemu Selanne and more!

Social Media – For those active on social media make sure to follow Upper Deck on Facebook, LinkedIn, Twitter, Instagram and Snapchat (@UpperDeckSports) to post from the show and include hashtags #SportCardExpo & #CollectConnor. Also, make sure you are following the Sport Card Expo on Twitter, Instagram and Facebook!, Maybe you've thought about going to the Sport Card & Memorabilia Expo before, but just never got around to it. Check out a variety of solid reasons from Upper Deck why you need to be there this time around! It is sure to be an incredible event!, Ever wonder who pulled the Crosby Cup Rookie Patch Autograph from UD Buybacks earlier this season? Check this out!, When Upper Deck heard the story of Brady Kahle, the youngster who sold his baseball cards to help his friend out with cancer, we had to do something. We worked with Brady's mom to surprise him with some of his favorite things to help him to restart his collection. It was an epic Upper Deck Random Acts of Kindness mail day!, Can’t get enough autographs and patches of this year’s amazing rookie class including Connor McDavid, Jack Eichel, Max Domi and Dylan Larkin to name a few?  Well 2015-16 SPx hockey is right up your alley!  SPx delivers at least 1 Rookie Auto Jersey or Retro Rookie Auto Jersey per box.  This year’s rookie cards look like nothing we’ve done before in SPx, highlighted by an acetate-windowed player image aside the autograph and memorabilia elements.  Find rare Red and Green Patch parallels numbered to 50 and 10 respectively.  For our Retro Rookie cards, we’ve brought back the iconic design of the 2005-06 SPx set that people are sure to love.  Look for an array of new jersey cards including our X-Dual and X-Quad cards falling at a rate of 1:70 and 1:160 with patch parallels numbered to 10 and 5 respectively.  New this year, are Monochromatic jersey cards falling 1:20 featuring a dramatic presentation of the jersey swatch matched to the image.  Find some of our new subsets including Shift Change, Stick Wizards and Name on the Front, featuring autographed versions too.  SPx is also bringing back a fan favorite with Signature Shot Stick Signings featuring an array of top rookies and as an added bonus “The Great One” himself Wayne Gretzky is included too!  We’ve also included updated cards for Artifacts and Trilogy in SPx, featuring a number of this year’s top rookies including an array of rare Jack Eichel cards.  This year’s rookie crop is loaded and 2015-16 SPx is where to fill that need for amazing rookie content.  Stop by your Local Card Shop March 23rd to be the first to grab some 2015-16 SPx Hockey before it’s all gone!, Two great rookie take the ice tonight facing off for the first time this season in Jack Eichel and Connor McDavid! Have you pulled their Upper Deck Young Guns rookie cards yet?!?!, Don't miss out on Upper Deck Night at Dave and Adam's Card World in Williamsville on March 2! TONS of great prizes for attending with specials and more! Don't miss it!!!, See how Upper Deck provided hobby shop owners with a memorable experience at the Industry Summit! We are looking forward to an exciting year with our hobby partners as we push to grow the business!, Happy Leap Day fans!, Upper Deck has a variety of activations around the Stadium Series in Minneota this weekend starting with a chance to score tickets to the game at Three Stars Sportscards Friday night! Check out the details!, 2015-16 NHL Upper Deck Series Two hits store shelves TODAY! Visit your local card shop, Authorized Internet Retailer or Authorized Group Breaker to check out the product! Get your Jack Eichel Young Guns rookie cards!, Dylan Larkin is a NHL rookie this season that should most certainly be on your radar. Check out just some of the awesome collectibles available for this future star!, Have any fans pulled an Upper Deck card featuring an autograph from a U.S. President? So many cool cards hiding in packs like this!, Thanks to all the fans who shared their love for Upper Deck over Valentine's Day weekend!, We love this collector's story about their passion for collecting the presidents!, Happy Valentine's Day to all our collectors both male and female!, null, So... Remember when we told you to #CollectConnor? Here's another reason why., Thanks to the fans throughout North America who came out to visit participating shops for National Hockey Card Day! Check out the full recap of the record-setting event here! Also, if you didn't get a FREE pack because you didn't have a nearby shop, read the end of this story where you can detail on how you can still get a NHCD pack sent directly to you!, Coming on the heels of 2015-16 Upper Deck Hockey Series 1, Upper Deck is ready to keep the momentum going with 2015-16 Upper Deck Hockey Series 2, available at hobby shops across Canada and the United States on February 17th, 2016.  Look for the second wave of 50 all-new Young Guns cards, including Rookie Star Jack Eichel, falling cumulatively at a ratio of one in every four packs.  UD Canvas cards also return including Young Guns (1:48), Retired Stars (1:192) and Team Canada Program of Excellence (1:192)!   Game Jersey memorabilia cards, alongside Rookie Materials - available exclusively in UD2, are delivered cumulatively at a rate of one per hobby box and one per retail box.  Look for all 250 series two cards  in Exclusives parallels #’d to 100 and High Gloss parallels #’d to 10.  Once again, Series 2 will feature O-Pee-Chee Update cards, including all of the year’s red hot rookies and a slew of rare signed cards.  Look for O-Pee-Chee Rainbow Foil (1:24) and Black-Bordered Rainbow Foil (#’d of 100) parallels.  Find acetate chase cards seeded exclusively in hobby packs, highlighted by Rookie Breakouts #’d to 100 copies per.  Look for a selection of 50 rookies in the UD Portraits checklist (including parallels #’d of 99 and 25).  As always, there’s a few Easter Eggs hiding in there too.  If you forgot to get your significant other something special for Valentine’s Day, take them to your local card shop and buy them a box!, Happiness is seeing Connor McDavid make his return to the NHL with your Young Guns Rookie cards (well protected) in hand! What a night for Connor, one these boys won't soon forget!, Wow, just WOW! Welcome back Connor McDavid!, National Hockey Card Day is this Saturday, February 6! Check out behind the scenes details on the FREE packs you can score just by visiting your local card shop!, Very informative story on Upper Deck's new e-Pack program where you can now open packs from your phone, tablet or computer. Don't have a hobby shop near you, now you have options as a collector., Will Calvin Johnson be retiring? A variety of sources are saying he will. One thing we always loved about Megatron was his signature style!, Here's a NHL All-Star Weekend surprise for fans, check out imagery of 2015-16 NHL Upper Deck Series Two Young Guns!, Did you know, Upper Deck uses the player-worn memorabilia in trading cards for SP Game-Used NHL? Maybe next year there will be a wookie card!, He's not an All-Star yet, but Nikolaj Ehlers of the Winnipeg, Manitoba will be a hobby hero in no time. Check out why you need to be collecting his cards today!, Check out the story on how Upper Deck e-Pack came to life. Get your free digital pack now at www.UpperDeckEpack.com, null, Upper Deck e-Pack is NOT your father's trading card pack. No shoe boxes or mom's threatening to toss your collection in play here!, Check out this tutorial video on Upper Deck's new e-Pack platform where you can collect digital trading cards that can actually be shipped to you! Get a FREE pack every day!, Upper Deck launches e-Pack, a digital platform that allows fans to open hockey cards anytime, anywhere from a smartphone, tablet or computer. Unlike other digital platforms, digital cards are good for physical cards that can be shipped to you! Get a FREE pack each day!, Check out this behind-the-scenes look at what you can find in an All-Time Greats Master Collection from Upper Deck! Autographs of Michael Jordan, Tiger Woods, LeBron James, Wayne Gretzky and more in every set!, National Hockey Card Day returns on Saturday, February 6 with FREE packs to fans who visit participating retailers! Check out the full list of shops here: http://upperdeck.com/nhcd/, 2015-16 SP Game Used Hockey is here offering a wide array of cards featuring jerseys, patches, sticks, gloves and net cord from the 2015 Stanley Cup Finals, Winter Classic, Stadium Series and All-Star Skills Competition!  Every box of SP Game Used hockey delivers a selection of five cards from a group of autograph, memorabilia and premium base set cards.  Look for 100 Base Cards and 100 Authentic Rookies (incorporating the best players from the 2015-16 Rookie Class including Connor McDavid, Dylan Larkin and Max Domi), numbered to the players jersey number including the final number being a 1 of 1 autograph version for select players.  Find a new wave of Draft Day Marks including Connor McDavid and Sidney Crosby!  Look for another run of amazing Net Cord cards, featuring a new vertically-oriented design allowing for more photo space, including Winter Classic, Stadium Series and the Stanley Cup Final games.  New this year are Media Guide Booklet cards featuring jersey, patch or tag from a combination of players from your favorite teams numbered as low as 3!  Also new, put together our 2015 All-Star Skills, 2015 Rookie Phenom and 2015 Stadium Series Jersey and Patch sets.  Look for the return of HUGE hits like Game Gear (including new themes like All-Star Skills Game Gear and Stadium Series Game Gear),  Supreme (including Patches, Skates, Gloves and even Pads).  You don’t want to miss out, so pick up a box on February 3rd!, UD is prepping for an incredible time in Nashville, Tennessee for the 2016 NHL All-Star Fan Fair and Game. Check it out!, 10 years ago today, Kobe Bryant scored 81 points against Toronto., When NHL players take the ice with figure skaters, everyone watching wins! Enjoy!, Happy #NationalPopcornDay!, Not very often a rookie scores four goals in a game, especially when he is only 19! Ladies and gentlemen, check out the rookie cards thus far of Mr. Sam Bennett (ice hockey)!, Congratulations to the Alabama Football team on the big win last night. Lots of fans showing off their favorite UD Alabama cards today. Roll Tide!, These kids think they are just part of a focus group to check out new Upper Deck NHL cards. See what happens when the top rookies join them for an unforgettable pack-breaking experience., Upper Deck fans show off their favorite Ken Griffey Jr. cards to celebrate his Hall-of-Fame induction! Thanks to everyone who shared!, null, Here's a Ken Griffey Jr. fun fact: Did you know Junior was wearing a bright red glove the day J.V. Lovero shot him for his Upper Deck 1989 rookie card? What a different card that would have been if some of that glove would have been shown!, null, Show off a photo of you with your favorite Upper Deck Ken Griffey Jr. card today and you could score! Check this out!!!, Tim Carroll is one of our favorite partners. Check out how he used 1989 UD Baseball cards to create an incredible Ken Griffey Jr. mosiac that we later had signed for him by Junior!, Today Ken Griffey Jr. should get the call to the Hall-of-Fame. Check out one fans incredible Griffey collection!, On January 13th, Upper Deck releases 2015-16 Trilogy Hockey to certainly start of the New Year off with a bang!  A lot of what you love about Trilogy is back.  Again, the Rookie Checklist will be limited to 33 top prospects including Connor McDavid, Dylan Larkin and Max Domi, each featured on three different base set RC’s (Common #’d of 999, Uncommon Auto #’d of 499 and Rare Auto #’d of 49).  These cards will parallel out to blue foil variations (Common #’d of 399, Uncommon Auto’d #’d of 199 and Rare Auto’s #’d of jersey number) Black Foil variations (Common #’d of 49), Uncommon Auto #’d to draft position and Rare Autos #’d to 3) and NEW this year Rainbow Foil Relic variations featuring Jersey (#’d of 599), Patch (#’d of 35) and Tag (#’d of 5).
Our popular Signature Pucks are back again featuring 85 different active and retired stars, PLUS top rookies from the 2015-16 rookie class.  Each card features Retro/Alternate logo variations #’d of 16 and ultra-rare NHL Shield logo variations #’d to 3.  New to the mix are rare Dual-Signed Signature Pucks (1:432) with dynamic themes incorporating legends, teammates and rookies)!  Also look for Ice Scripts autos providing hard signed autographs from young, veteran and retired stars on stunning plexi-glass substrates!  The popular Tryptich inserts return with a whole new array of themed memorabilia and autograph cards to collect.  
Trilogy is the first opportunity for you to get autographs of many of the top rookie of the 2015-16 rookie class.  You don’t want to be the one to miss out!, See how Upper Deck brought smiles to veterans and kids over the holidays!, Stuart Scott passed away from cancer one year ago today. His legacy lives on as his foundation works to fight this insidious disease: http://stuart-scott.org/, Happy Birthday to Upper Deck exclusive spokesmen Tiger Woods and LeBron James! How cool is this card???, National Hockey Card Day is coming on February 6, 2016! Get FREE packs just for visiting participating stores and look for a special 16th card available with UD purchases that day! Make sure your shop is participating in the best holiday of the year!, Upper Deck NHL trading cards can teach kids a lot, even how to invest! :), UD shares the final checklist of rookie exchange cards in 2015-16 NHL MVP!, Rest in Peace Meadowlark Lemon! Thank you for all the magical moments, laughs and fun with the Harlem Globetrotters!, Upper Deck is preparing to "WOW" fans at the 2016 NHL Winter Classic at Foxboro Stadium next week. Fans in Boston and Montreal can score exclusive Winter Classic sets from Upper Deck! Check out all the details here!, Upper Deck continued to spread some holiday cheer by donating lots of gifts to the kids at Rady Children's Hospital! #radychildrenshospital #upperdeck #udrak #happyholidays, In case your missed what LeBron James during a time out in the Boston Celtics game when a Special Olympics youngster was recognized, get ready to smile! Another reason why we love working with LeBron!, Just a reminder, Upper Deck NHL cards make the perfect gift during the holidays! Grab some today!, Jameis Winston joins the Upper Deck team for signed memorabilia!, Upper Deck's very own Coach Cardman is stopping by our local Veteran Centers to spread some holiday cheer! We are donating tons of UD card product & games to our local heroes!! Thank you to all our veterans for their service! Happy Holiday's! #UpperDeck #SanMarcosVetCenter #CoachCardman, Upper Deck's USA Football sets include some of the top players in the college ranks like Kevin Hogan of Stanford who just won his third Pac-12 Conference title! Collect these future stars today!, In stores 12/9/15
Configuration:
25 cards + 1  3½ x 8    C-Card per Box
20 boxes per case

Product Highlights:
The Hottest Rookie to Hit NHL Ice in  10 Years . . . or 20 … or maybe 30! …
Get 25 Cards, Highlighting His Amazing Run with Team Canada, Being Selected 1st Overall by the Oilers and his National Hockey League Debut!
Sure to showcase many of McDavid’s astonishing firsts!
Plus, Collect 1 Commemorative 3½ x 8” card in each Box!
HUGE BONUS – Chance to find an Autograph C-Card!
Numbered to 17!, null, Cool story from our friends at Ultimate Sportscards on the demand and interest in NHL trading cards this season!, Diamonds aren’t just a girl’s best friend anymore, not with the new release of 2015-16 Black Diamond hockey coming out Dec. 16th just in time for that last minute Christmas shopping!   Black Diamond hockey has been completely overhauled to provide collectors with the first high-end product of the 2015-16 season.  More than 20 of this year’s highly touted rookie class including Connor McDavid, Jack Eichel and Dylan Larkin will be highlighted on Diamond Relic Rookie Cards featuring between one and four diamonds numbered to 99, with rare Yellow and Black Diamond parallels numbered of 5 and 1 respectively.  Also, look for 50 veterans with Diamond and Black Diamond parallels numbered of 5 and 1.  Every pack of Black Diamond hockey will feature a 1-card Bonus Pack of Exquisite hockey featuring the first wave of a multi-product Exquisite hockey overlay program, delivering an exciting array of Rookie and Premium Memorabilia content.  Black Diamond will be the first product of the year to feature an extensive selection of premium auto and memorabilia cards for the 2015-16 Rookie Class.  Look for additional chase cards including Booklet Relics., Very cool history on the hockey card market!, Give the world's greatest memorabilia to the sports fan in your life this year. Our 12 Days of Savings Promotion gives you a deal on different items each day through December 12! Make sure to check back!, The 2015-16 NHL season is in “Full Force”, and so are we with 2015-16 Upper Deck Full Force hockey cards coming to your hobby and retail stores December 9th!  Full Force is LOADED with some of the coolest inserts featuring autographs of many of the top rookies including Connor McDavid, Dylan Larkin and Max Domi.  Look for at least one 3D Lenticular Full Force Freshman rookie card in each box, including rare die-cut parallels (1:120 packs).  Every box will include 2 Rising Force or Dual Force PETG cards numbered as low as 99 and 49 respectively.  Find Blue Print inserts of many of your favorite stars, retired legends and rookies including autographed parallels.  Look for our die-cut inserts including Goooal!, Immediate Impact and Valuable Assets falling 4 per box including autographed parallels.  There are a number of Rainbow Foil inserts falling at least 3 per box including Calder Competitors, Draft Boards, Thermal Threats and Ice Encounters (showing our enforcers a little love).  Add to all this, autographs falling one in every two boxes and die cut parallels of the base set numbered to 25 and these boxes will explode with cool collectable cards of your favorite stars and rookies., Kobe Bryant will call it quits after this season. Check out some of our fan's favorite cards of Kobe from Upper Deck over the years!, Check out incredible Black Friday deals from Upper Deck on the world's greatest memorabilia!, Fans now YOU can vote for FREE on the photos that will be used for the 2015-16 NHL Upper Deck Series Two Young Guns rookie and rookie canvas cards: http://upperdeckstore.com/youngguns

Vote for young stars like Connor McDavid, Jack Eichel, Max Domi, Jake Virtanen, Noah Hanifin & Andreas Athanasiou! Voting ends Monday at midnight!, You Make The Call: Upper Deck Asks Fans to Select Rookie Card Photos for Jack Eichel, Jake Virtanen, Noah Hanifin, Connor McDavi, Check out one father's account of how collecting cards with your kids is a great family hobby, especially this year!, Check out some of the fun you can find in various Upper Deck packs!, Huge demand for Upper Deck NHL Young Guns Rookie cards have lines forming at shops and dealers reporting record sales for 2015-16 NHL Upper Deck Series One. Despite his injury, Connor McDavid's rookie card is the major draw!, Have you ever been so excited to receive an Upper Deck #mailday you hugged the postal worker or Fed Ex delivery person?, Happy #VeteransDay! For all that you have done and continue to day, thank you.

Upper Deck would like to say thank you to the military by including trading cards in care packages through Operation Gratitude!, Thanks to all the collectors who came out today! We ❤️ you!, Incredible day at the Sportcard Expo! Busiest weekend of the show ever! The hobby is alive and well!, Exciting day at the Fall Expo! Thanks to all the fans who came out to #CollectConnor and other Young Guns!, Check out what this shop owner had to say after a crazy day or 2015-16 NHL Upper Deck Series One sales., Upper Deck has been traveling around Edmonton this week to hand-deliver redemptions to fans along with a bonus! Now that's service!, Fans throughout North America are enjoying 2015-16 NHL Upper Deck Series One today! Get your boxes while you can!!!, Wondering what all the buzz is about with 2015-16 NHL Upper Deck Series One releasing today? Check this out!, Today is the day! Enjoy 2015-16 NHL Upper Deck Series One!, Hoist your box of 2015-16 NHL Upper Deck Series One on November 5 and collect the first live rookie cards of "Young Guns" like Connor McDavid, Max Domi, Kevin Fiala, Malcolm Subban, Jacob de la Rose, Connor Hellebuyck, Artemi Panarin, Nikolaj Ehlers, Nicolas Petan, Dylan Larkin, Robby Fabbri, Sam Bennett, Oscar Lindberg, Jack Eichel and Noah Hanifin! How will you spend tomorrow breaking the product of the year?, 2015-16 NHL Upper Deck Series One releases this Thursday! Time to exercise those pack-opening hands!!! You don't want to pull something except for awesome hockey cards halfway through your case!, The Upper Deck Canvas cards feature some of the best images on a unique card stock. Always a favorite insert set to collect every year!, See how Upper Deck donated over 30,000 packs to County of San Diego law enforcement for Halloween! Trick or Trade!!!, UD Midnight Parallel Cards – Limited to just 25 copies!, Looking to collect Connor McDavid's Upper Deck NHL Young Guns rookie card next week? You'll want to make sure you visit Upper Deck at the Sportscard & Memorabilia Expo in Toronto for promo cards, autograph cards, memorabilia and more! Check this out!, On #NationalCatDay we want to remember Johnny Mize; the Big Cat! Great quote on this card from the St. Louis Cardinals great!, For those of you collecting Upper Deck's USA Football sets, time to go through and pull out those Samaje Perine cards!!! He's going to be a great one!, What is Upper Deck doing to engage kids and cultivate the next generation of collectors? Check this out!, Photography is a key element to what makes the Upper Deck set great every year. Check out these awesome base card images!, Looking for a fun costume this Halloween? Become and Upper Deck trading card!!!, Check out these final images for 2015-16 NHL Upper Deck Series One Young Guns & Young Guns Canvas cards! View the entire checklist and preorder your product here: http://upperdeckstore.com/collectconnor, Wow, what a pull!, The new Upper Deck Dinosaurs set will have exchange cards good for authentic Fossil Relics! You have to see this!, Ready for a Rip ROOOOAAAARRRING good time?  2015 Upper Deck Dinosaurs is here October 28th and there’s a bounty of cool cards for collectors of all ages to chase!  We start off with our 150-card base sporting almost photo-realistic art that will have you doing double takes.  Find our amazing looking “3-D Lenticulars” chase cards falling at a generous rate of 4 per box, with hard-signed Artist Auto variations limited to 49 copies per.  Each hobby box will also include an “Age of the Dinosaurs” embroidered patch, including rare high-series cards.  Also in every hobby box, find one hand-drawn Sketch Card, including rare multi-panel versions!  Look for rare “Predator of the Seas” shadow-box card seeded one in every two hobby boxes.  Kids will love the “Stickers”, falling between four and five per hobby box.  Finally, look for some big chase cards including our rare “ROAR!!!” audio booklet cards and “Authentic Fossil Relics”.  That’s right, actual dinosaur bones!!!  Make no bones about it, Upper Deck Dinosaurs will be something the whole family can enjoy., Hobby shop owners throughout North America continue to get inundated with requests from collectors and fans on when they will be able to obtain the first Connor McDavid rookie card out of Upper Deck NHL® packs. Recently Upper Deck held an interactive vote where fans were able to choose the image to appear on Connor’s Young Guns rookie card.

The votes are in and Upper Deck is proud to share the image for Connor McDavid’s first-licensed NHL® Young Guns rookie card which will be available LIVE in packs of 2015-16 Upper Deck NHL® Series One arriving in stores on November 5, 2015!

You can preorder the product now at www.UpperDeckStore.com/CollectConnor, Must see TV. Watch Connor McDavid's impressive goal last night against the Red Wings., Ready for a Rip ROOOOAAAARRRING good time?  2015 Upper Deck Dinosaurs is here October 28th and there’s a bounty of cool cards for collectors of all ages to chase!  We start off with our 150-card base sporting almost photo-realistic art that will have you doing double takes.  Find our amazing looking “3-D Lenticulars” chase cards falling at a generous rate of 4 per box, with hard-signed Artist Auto variations limited to 49 copies per.  Each hobby box will also include an “Age of the Dinosaurs” embroidered patch, including rare high-series cards.  Also in every hobby box, find one hand-drawn Sketch Card, including rare multi-panel versions!  Look for rare “Predator of the Seas” shadow-box card seeded one in every two hobby boxes.  Kids will love the “Stickers”, falling between four and five per hobby box.  Finally, look for some big chase cards including our rare “ROAR!!!” audio booklet cards and “Authentic Fossil Relics”.  That’s right, actual dinosaur bones!!!  Make no bones about it, Upper Deck Dinosaurs will be something the whole family can enjoy., UD reveals full details on Edmonton shop visits at WAYNE'S SPORTS CARDS AND COLLECTIBLES & West's Sports Cards & Collectibles as well as full plans for the Sport Card & Memorabilia Expo in early November! Don't miss it!!!, Today you can find 2015-16 UD Buybacks in stores. We need to warn you that we didn't make much of this and once people realize what is in these packs, it will not last long. Don't miss out on one of the best values of the season!, Opening 2015-16 NHL Artifacts? You'll want to check this out!!!, Upper Deck commemorates the first season of Wayne Gretzky and Connor McDavid's careers with the new Biography of a Season set. Check this out!, As you might have heard, we’ve taken some of the BEST Upper Deck hockey cards over the years and made them even better, and finally on October 28th UD Buybacks will be released to the public.  UD Buybacks is a great mix of new and old cards that we snatched up and many of which got signed by your favorite players.  Look for recent Young Guns signed and numbered to their jersey number, along with a gold ink version numbered to 25.  Find older Young Guns of today’s biggest star including Alex Ovechkin and Carey Price numbered as low as 1 of 1!  Look for a variety of vintage cards that haven’t surfaced in years, newly signed by stars such as Steve Yzerman and Patrick Roy that will also be numbered as low as 1 of 1.  Each 5-pack box will also include at least one vintage card that was so good already, we didn’t need to do anything to it.  Can you say 2005-06 The Cup Sidney Crosby Rookie Auto Patch #’d of 99!!!    Yes . . . one precious copy of the greatest hockey card produced in the past decade, the “Holy Grail” of modern hockey cardboard – sporting a sweet multi-colored patch, is in there!!!  Each pack will include one Buyback or Vintage card and one low numbered base card.   We didn’t make a lot of this, so make sure you get to your local hobby and card shops October 28th before it’s all gone., Upper Deck helped honor Kai Quinonez last night for the Anaheim Ducks home opener by giving him his very own Upper Deck NHL Young Guns rookie card. Kai is a Ducks superfan who has been battling a rare, life-threatening blood disease. His passion and courage is truly an inspiration to us all!, Happy Columbus Day to our fans in the USA and Happy Thanksgiving to our fans in Canada. Any collectors remember these somewhat obscure cards???, For the first time ever, YOU can vote for the image used on an Upper Deck rookie card. Which image should be used for Connor McDavid's Edmonton Oilers rookie card due out on November 5 in 2015-16 NHL Upper Deck Series One???, Hockey is back and new NHL #YoungGuns cards are coming your way in early November! It's time to celebrate! Which celly do you like best???, Picture Perfect: Upper Deck Asks Fans to Select Photo for Connor McDavid’s First-Ever Young Guns Rookie Card!, Jack Eichel scores his first NHL goal tonight along with Nic Petan & Robby Fabbri. Lots of Young Guns making their debuts this week! It's going to be a GREAT hockey season!!!, null, The NHL is back tonight and it feels like this! It's going to be an incredible season to be a fan and a collector!, In 1999 this collector set a goal of adding this Upper Deck Babe Ruth Piece of History card to his collection. 16 years later and he has success! Congratulations Ron, give him a good home!, Check out some of the USA Football stars who have some incredible Upper Deck cards to collect!, Puck fans in Calgary, Alberta, make sure to visit Eastridge Hobbies tonight! Score awesome prizes from Upper Deck to get the NHL season started!!!, Happy birthday to two of our favorite signature stars in Mario Lemieux and Patrick Roy who both turned 50 today!, 2015-16 Artifacts hockey is getting set to release October 14th with a whole new configuration helping out your wallets, while still providing all the things you love about Artifacts and more!  Each box provides three (3) autograph and/or memorabilia cards, four (4) serial-numbered cards and one (1) Rookie Redemption card.  As always, we are providing a wide array of memorabilia for many active stars, retired greats and rookies.  This year’s Rookie Redemptions will be some of the most sought-after in years thanks to a Rookie Class for-the-ages.  But that’s not all!  Look for an expansion of the Rookie Redemption program, whereby five top rookies in the program will be featured on a full array of serial #’d, memorabilia and auto-memorabilia variations . . . all the way down to the prized Black Foil Auto Patch-Tag #’d 1-of1!  Also new to the program this year are Year One Rookie Gamers featuring jersey, patch, strap and tag swatches derived from actual rookie-season-worn, game-used jerseys! Also look for the new Lord Stanley’s Legacy Relics (1:40) and Signatures (1:240) cards featuring an array of active and retired players that have been part of an NHL Championship team. Finally, look for super-premium Hall of Fame Induction Relics, Signatures & Cut Signatures built around a three-year plan to feature upwards of ninety different Hall of Famers on game-worn memorabilia, hard-signed autograph and cut signature cards. All this along with our staple inserts  . . . Tundra Tandems, Trios and Sixes, Top 12 Rookie Signatures, and Stick-to-Stick, Duos, and Trios will make collecting 2015-16 Artifacts hockey a whole lot of fun!, We have now received in 78 of the 15-16 NHL O-Pee-Chee Draft Pick Puzzles. There are less than 20 left! If you are close, work hard to complete the sets and get them in ASAP to receive the #1 Draft Day card numbered to 97!, What's the best way to spend World Smile Day®? By pulling a Wayne Gretzky autograph card from a UD pack of course!, You know you are a hard-core Toronto Maple Leafs fan when you have the Upper Deck card and newspaper cutout with the same image! Especially when Kessel's no longer on the team., Let's see how tight knit this hobby is! Can you help us find who first pulled this Sidney Crosby The Cup Autograph Patch Rookie Card 12/99?, Upper Deck is very excited to partner with Tim Hortons Cafe and Bake Shop throughout Canada to bring NHL fans an exclusive trading card set starting September 30. Check out details here., Upper Deck remembers legendary ballplayer; Yogi Berra! RIP Yogi!, Help Upper Deck grow the hobby and you could score free prizes!, Check out this cool video on what took place at the 2015 NHLPA Rookie Showcase!, Don't miss the 2015 Fall Sportcard & Memorabilia Expo this November in Toronto!!! Incredible promotions planned to make attendees feel the love this hockey season!!!, You wait for it all year, 2014-15 The Cup is here!  It’s the biggest NHL and NHLPA Licensed product of the year!  We’re bringing you Hard Signed autographs you can only get from Upper Deck including Wayne Gretzky, and Monumental Patches that have no rival.  Time for the mad dash to get the RPA 99’s of the league’s Top Rookies from last year, including Johnny Gaudreau and Calder Winner Aaron Ekblad!  Look for our new addition, Exquisite Auto Patch Rookie cards.  We just finished packing out all the cards and wanted to give you a sneak peek of what you have to look forward too.  September 30th is the big release day.  Make sure you make it out to your local card shop before they’re all gone!, As you might have heard, we’ve taken some of the BEST Upper Deck hockey cards over the years and made them even better, and finally on October 28th UD Buybacks will be released to the public.  UD Buybacks is a great mix of new and old cards that we snatched up and many of which got signed by your favorite players.  Look for recent Young Guns signed and numbered to their jersey number, along with a gold ink version numbered to 25.  Find older Young Guns of today’s biggest star including Alex Ovechkin and Carey Price numbered as low as 1 of 1!  Look for a variety of vintage cards that haven’t surfaced in years, newly signed by stars such as Steve Yzerman and Patrick Roy that will also be numbered as low as 1 of 1.  Each 5-pack box will also include at least one vintage card that was so good already, we didn’t need to do anything to it.  Can you say 2005-06 The Cup Sidney Crosby Rookie Auto Patch #’d of 99!!!    Yes . . . one precious copy of the greatest hockey card produced in the past decade, the “Holy Grail” of modern hockey cardboard – sporting a sweet multi-colored patch, is in there!!!  Each pack will include one Buyback or Vintage card and one low numbered base card.   We didn’t make a lot of this, so make sure you get to your local hobby and card shops October 28th before it’s all gone., The Upper Deck trading card you would NEVER sell or trade is __________________., Check out this Diamond Club Members amazing trip to Toronto this week to visit the Hockey Hall of Fame, take in the NHLPA Rookie Showcase!, Check out this cool history of Upper Deck trading card products from GTS Distribution!, null, The O-Pee-Chee wrapper redemption program is back again for Canada!, We are seeing more and more excitement around Connor McDavid's first Upper Deck rookie cards this season. Check out this story from the Globe & Mail., The 2015 NHLPA Rookie Showcase affords Upper Deck the opportunity to acquire images, video, autographs and more of all the top rookie prospects. This year we brought in almost 40 of the top picks for this season to be a part of the incredible event. Check out what happened!, That moment when you think you are part of an Upper Deck focus group on hockey cards, and then a bunch of NHL rookies bust in to break packs with you! Incredible moment at the NHLPA Rookie Showcase. You've got to see this!, The 2015 NHLPA Rookie Showcase will take place in Toronto over the next two days. Make sure to follow @UpperDeckHockey on Twitter and @UpperDeckSports on Instagram for live updates. Wondering what happens at the event? Check out the recap from last year!, Throwback Thursday: Ken Griffey Jr. reprises the look of his classic 1989 Upper Deck card for the new Macklemore video. Too cool!, The 2015-16 NHL carryover rookie class is VERY strong. Check out some of the key rookies you can be collecting today!, Why should you be excited about Connor McDavid this season? Check this out!, Look for Upper Deck's National Hockey Card Day in Canada and the USA to make a return on Saturday, February 6, 2016! Score FREE NHL packs for the entire family at participating shops throughout both countries that day!!!, 2015-16 O-Pee-Chee hockey releases nationwide across Canada on September 2nd.  Get ready for this year’s most comprehensive base set checklist featuring 500 veterans, 50 rookies and 50 legends!  Look for “Retro” variations of all 600 base set falling one in every pack, plus 18 High Series rarities (checklisted as cards 601-618, available only in the Retro set) including Retro Award Winners!  Also, look for Rainbow Foil parallels (1 in every 4 hobby packs) and Black-Bordered Rainbow Foil parallels (serial-numbered to 100 copies per).  This year’s set O-Pee-Chee manufactured patch program features a wide variety of themes including Base Set Variations, Brand Logos and Mascots (falling cumulatively at 1 in every 3 hobby boxes, but with widely varying levels of scarcity amongst the specific themes). Other noteworthy chase cards include O-Pee-Chee V Series B inserts (1 in every 16 hobby packs) and All-Star Glossy cards (1 in every 4 hobby packs).  Make sure and look for rare O-Pee-Chee Signatures (two per hobby case) and O-Pee-Chee Team Canada Signatures (one per hobby case).  Also, don’t forget to save those wrappers!  Our Wrapper Redemption program returns with the exclusive Red-Bordered Parallels to the 600-card base set and an all-new 42-card O-Pee-Chee Mini Gloss insert. Each wrapper redemption pack features 5 red-bordered parallels and one Mini Glossy.  Finally,  get a piece, or in this case . . . pieces, of this year’s Rookie Phenom Connor McDavid by collecting all nine puzzle pieces to receive an exclusive Edmonton Oilers #1 Draft Pick card numbered to a mere 97 copies (the first 97 customers to send in their completed puzzles will receive this very limited card).  Good luck people . . . and have fun making those sets!, Team Canada Master Collection

Fans of Canada’s famed “Program of Excellence” will be thrilled to dive into the all-new Team Canada Master Collection product, releasing exclusively across Canada in mere weeks! Limited to a mere 499 serial #’d sets, each Team Canada Master Collection box features 86 super-premium hockey cards (including a complete 50-card base set, a complete 22-card set of “Winning Standard” jersey cards (featuring the famed 2010 men’s Team Canada squad), 10 autograph cards and 4 additional memorabilia cards.
Look for some of the finest Team Canada cards ever produced, including a bevy of autos, multi-player autos, booklets, patch cards and auto-patch cards of superstars like Wayne Gretzky, Bobby Orr, Mario Lemieux, Sidney Crosby and Jonathan Toews. To cap it off, the entire product is 100% free of redemptions!, We need to make customers aware that during a migration of our redemption server at midnight on Monday, 8/17, the server went down and remained down until Tuesday afternoon, 8/18. If you entered any redemption codes at that time, please make sure they are showing on your account and reenter them if need be as they may not have registered. The new server allows us to have a more robust system that will have increased alerts and warnings to eliminate issues like this in the future. And we chose to make this upgrade at a time when we have the fewest pending redemptions in recent years with less than 9,000 waiting on fulfilment. Most of that number is waiting on athletes to return their cards to us which our Athlete Relations team is actively pursuing. We apologize for the inconvenience., Looking to collect Connor McDavid? Check out how you can score NHL licensed cards of the #1 Draft Pick in early season hockey products from Upper Deck! #CollectConnor, 2015-16 O-Pee-Chee hockey releases nationwide across Canada on September 2nd.  Get ready for this year’s most comprehensive base set checklist featuring 500 veterans, 50 rookies and 50 legends!  Look for “Retro” variations of all 600 base set falling one in every pack, plus 18 High Series rarities (checklisted as cards 601-618, available only in the Retro set) including Retro Award Winners!  Also, look for Rainbow Foil parallels (1 in every 4 hobby packs) and Black-Bordered Rainbow Foil parallels (serial-numbered to 100 copies per).  This year’s set O-Pee-Chee manufactured patch program features a wide variety of themes including Base Set Variations, Brand Logos and Mascots (falling cumulatively at 1 in every 3 hobby boxes, but with widely varying levels of scarcity amongst the specific themes). Other noteworthy chase cards include O-Pee-Chee V Series B inserts (1 in every 16 hobby packs) and All-Star Glossy cards (1 in every 4 hobby packs).  Make sure and look for rare O-Pee-Chee Signatures (two per hobby case) and O-Pee-Chee Team Canada Signatures (one per hobby case).  Also, don’t forget to save those wrappers!  Our Wrapper Redemption program returns with the exclusive Red-Bordered Parallels to the 600-card base set and an all-new 42-card O-Pee-Chee Mini Gloss insert. Each wrapper redemption pack features 5 red-bordered parallels and one Mini Glossy.  Finally,  get a piece, or in this case . . . pieces, of this year’s Rookie Phenom Connor McDavid by collecting all nine puzzle pieces to receive an exclusive Edmonton Oilers #1 Draft Pick card numbered to a mere 97 copies (the first 97 customers to send in their completed puzzles will receive this very limited card).  Good luck people . . . and have fun making those sets!, Configuration:
6 cards per pack
24 packs per box
8 boxes per inner shipper
2 shippers per case

Product Highlights:
Collect the entire 200-card base set!
Broken into Offense, Defense/Special Teams (1:2), All-Stars (1:4), and Star Rookies (1:4)
NEW!  Look for rare CFL Heroes chase cards featuring the legendary Michael “Pinball” Clemons!  (falling 1:768)
Look for signed copies #’d to 25!
Uncover rare 2014 Grey Cup Highlights inserts!

Arrival Date: September 2015

Box Break Summary:
Get two (2) UD Game Jerseys per box!
Highlighting up to 40 different CFL Stars!
Includes rare patch parallels #’d to 15!
Eight (8) O-Pee-Chee Retro themed inserts per box!
Collect the entire 50-card set!
Six (6) Star Rookies per box!
Twelve (12) Defense/Special Teams SPs per box

Continue the collection of O-Pee-Chee Team logo patches!
20 ALL NEW Team logos!
Fall 1:128 packs delivering even more value and chase for collectors!
Uncover rare autographs in the CFL Marks Insert from some of the CFL’s biggest stars!
Falling 1:384!
First chance to collect 2015 Rookie Cards!, Just one more sleep until 14-15 NHL Ultimate Collection arrives in stores. Check it out!, 2015-16 @NHL MVP is LIVE in stores TODAY! With a great carry over rookie class featuring players like Sam Bennett, Malcolm Subban, Kevin Fiala and Jacob de la Rose along with some redemptions for future stars, this is the start of a great season of collecting hockey cards!, Check out how Upper Deck got fans involved in the release of the new Dinosaurs product at the National Sports Collectors Convention with personalized trading cards!, Upper Deck went all out to give back to collectors at the National Sports Collectors Convention! Check out some of the ways we hooked up our fans there and if you didn't make it, make your plans now for next year!, Upper Deck's Athlete Relations Team is making some moves on outstanding redemptions. Check out some of the cards we have recently received back and key players we are targeting next. Thanks to all our fans for their patience with these programs!, Couldn't make it to the National Sports Collectors Convention? Check out just some of the incredible Upper Deck cards pulled during the week!, null, Fans, can you help this collector on his quest to acquire 2004 SP Legendary Cuts Jim Rice jersey cards? Check this out and share with other collectors! Great story!, Upper Deck is planning to make the 2015 National Sports Collectors Convention a memorable one with fans. We'll post updates each day with images from the event!, See what happened when Upper Deck gave 10 lucky collectors at the National Sports Collectors Convention the chance to open up $2000 in trading cards!, See how Upper Deck helped a collector from Australia propose to his girlfriend using custom Upper Deck trading cards this week! Did she say yes? Find out here!!!, UD honored Daniel Alexander with his very own Upper Deck Baseball card this week at the National. Daniel has been suffering from brain cancer and was adopted by the Notre Dame baseball team. This was another Heroic Inspiration card created by Upper Deck to help raise awareness for the cause and the Friends of Jaclyn Foundation!, See how Upper Deck helped surprise a youngster battling cancer who was adopted by the Notre Dame Baseball team with his very own trading card at the National Sports Collectors Convention!, Upper Deck is planning to make the 2015 National Sports Collectors Convention a memorable one with fans. We'll post updates each day with images from the event!, Ultimate Collection has come back this year with bigger hits, and more of them!  This year each box will include four premium hard-signed autographs or memorabilia cards.  Collect 10th Anniversary 2004-05 Retro cards, including a 50-card base set and Signatures insert set.  Look for Ultimate Signature Logos and Autographed Rookie Shields numbered 1-of-1.  Find Autographed Rookie Cards numbered to 299 or 99 featuring live autographs from many of the top 2014-15 rookies including Johnny Gaudreau and Aaron Ekblad.  Be amazed by the stunning Ultimate Signature Masterpieces including the original painted cards numbered 1-of-1.  New this year we have our Obsidian Script (many featuring inscriptions) and Obsidian Script Materials including combo cards numbered to 10 or less!  Also new are the Rare Materials.  We raided the locker rooms and found all types of materials including socks, elbow pads, blockers and much more, giving you those rarely seen materials from your favorite players.  Finally, we are introducing Ultimate Gear memorabilia cards delivering a stunning array of high-end cards including 4-piece Combo and 6-piece Trios- all with patch, stick and fight strap button variations.  As you can see by the pictures, this is a Brand New Ultimate Collection to build YOUR Ultimate Collection.  Look for Ultimate Collection to release nation-wide in the US and Canada August 12th.  Till then, enjoy the pictures!, Thanks to all the fans who came out tonight to the event at Jim & Steve's Sportscards tonight! We loved seeing you all and look forward to meeting more fans at the National Sports Collectors Convention! http://upperdeckblog.com/2015/07/jim-steves-sportscards-hosts-an-incredible-night-with-upper-deck-authenticated/, 2015-16 Upper Deck MVP Hockey
MVP hockey, releasing nationwide on August 5th, officially kicks off our 2015-16 hockey trading card calendar! 
This year’s product includes a 250-card base set broken into three subsets including Base (1-100), Base SP’s – including a 24-card Rookies subset highlighted by Flames phenom Sam Bennett (101-200, 1 per Hobby pack) and the all-new NHL Territory (201-250, 1:8 Hobby)! 
The first 200 cards parallel to Silver Script (1:3 Hobby), Gold Script (#’d of 100 per, Blasters only), Super Script (#’d of 25 per, Hobby only) and Printing Plates (#’d 1-of-1 per, Hobby only). Additionally, the stunning Colors & Contours parallels are back, once again broken into nine different tiers of scarcity spread across Teal, Gold and Purple backgrounds, with three different perimeter die cut designs. Look for six Colors & Contours parallels in every hobby box!
The all-new NHL Territory cards parallel out to both an Autograph set (overall 1:320, Hobby only) and a Material set (overall 1:75 Hobby, 1:750 retail/blaster). Noteworthy subjects amongst these sets include Sidney Crosby, Wayne Gretzky, Bobby Orr, Alex Ovechkin, Carey Price, Patrick Roy & Jonathan Toews!
Look for rare chase cards including Rookie Redemptions (1 per Hobby case, each good for a divisionally-themed 8-card set of rookie cards), Post-Season Variations (1 per Hobby case, featuring nine members of the Blackhawks and nine members of the Lightning all pictured in action during the Stanley Cup Finals). 2015 NHL Draft #1 Pick Redemptions (1:960 Hobby & 1:9,600 Retail/Blaster, plus a rare signed version at 1:10,250 Hobby only), One-on-One Signatures (overall 1:3,600 Hobby only) and Pro Sign (overall 1:225 Hobby only, including signatures from Johnny Gaudreau, Wayne Gretzky, Nathan MacKinnon, Bobby Orr and P.K. Subban alongside new signers like Ondrej Palat and Michael Stone)!, Come meet Manny The Frenchie at the Upper Deck booth at the National Sports Collectors Convention on Friday, July 31st from 1:00-3:00 p.m., Awesome story of the generosity of collectors in the Cards Infinity.com room this week!, Can't wait to host this sports nut at our booth during the National Sports Collectors Convention., Upper Deck Authenticated is bringing some incredible new pieces to the National Sports Collectors Convention and starting off the week with a visit to Jim & Steve's Sportscards! Check this out!, We often hear about great pulls out of the LAST pack or box, but what is the best pull you've ever had out of the FIRST pack of an Upper Deck pack or box?, We knew Zach Johnson would be a great one back in 2004. Now he is a Masters AND British Open champion. Any fans have this card???, It's that time of the week! Happy Throwback Thursday, everyone! During last night's 2015 installment of the ESPYs, LeBron James received the award for "Best Championship Performance!"

Leave a comical comment on our blog on this throwback card for your chance to score five (5) FREE packs of 2014-15 SP Authentic Basketball Cards from Upper Deck!

http://upperdeckblog.com/2015/07/upper-deck-throwback-thursday-create-the-caption-promotion-lebron-james-5/, Congratulations to Mike Trout on his second straight All-Star Game MVP Award!, With baseball so top of mind today, check out this look at all the incredible prospect content that has gone into Goodwin Champions over the years! Great autographs, all hard-signed!, Look at the Draft floor prior to the start of the Draft., Arriving 11/5/2015

Configuration:
8 cards per pack
24 packs per box
12 boxes per case

Product Highlights:
Collect the best class of Young Guns Rookies since 2005-06!
UD Game Jerseys have ALL NEW LARGER swatch pieces!
Look for patch parallels!
UD Canvas . . . with more Young Guns Rookie Cards!
Clear Cut Acetate inserts!
A Piece of History Relics (& Auto Relics)   300 Win Club, 500 Goal Club and 1,000 Point Club cards!

Box Break: (on average)
Six (6) Young Guns
Four (4) UD Canvas
Four (4) UD Portraits
Four (4) Shining Stars
Including 1 Royal Blue Parallel
One (1) UD Game Jersey

Case Break:
Look for rare cards including:
Printing Plates (#’d 1-of-1)
High Gloss parallels (#’d of 10)
A Piece of History Relics and Autos
Clear Cut (Acetate) inserts
Signature Sensations
UD Canvas Signatures
UD Game Patch (#’d of 15)
UD Portraits Platinum Blue (#’d of 25 or less)

UD Portraits returns with a full run of active and retired stars along with Rookies!

Memorabilia cards have all new larger swatch pieces!, Chicago Blackhawks Stanley Cup Champion trading card sets are available NOW at UpperDeckStore.com!, Great event at Players Choice Sports Cards in Kelowna, BC with the help of Luke Schenn, Brayden Schenn and the NHLPA! Thanks to everyone who attended!, Get a first look at the card design for the 2015-16 NHL Upper Deck Series One Young Guns rookies!, One of the most anticipated products of the year is finally here.  On Wednesday July 22nd, 2014-15 UD Premier hockey hits the market, ready to explode with the sickest patches you’ve ever seen!  Look for our Premier Mega Patches, including “Chest Logos”, “Sleeve Numbers” and “Shoulder Logos” numbered to four or less copies per, and ultra-rare “Commemorative Logos”.  Also included with our Mega Patches are Mega Patch Duos limited to only 15 copies per.  Find Premier Rookie Auto Patches featuring oversized patches and hard-signed signatures of 42 of the top rookies including Johnny Gaudreau and Aaron Ekblad.  This entire hard-signed product also features Signature Champions and Inked Inscriptions numbered of 99 or lower.  You’ll be blown away Rinks of Honor autographed booklet cards falling one every four packs on average.  Find some of your favorite veterans and retired stars in our Premier Star Auto Patch subset numbered to 49 or less, including 1 of 1 Platinum Blue foil parallels.  We’re bringing back some of the old school UD hockey heritage with the 2002-03 Upper Deck Premier Collection Rookie Auto Patch design featuring 30 of the top 2014-15 rookies numbered to 99 and 30 top stars numbered to 25, including a Gold Parallel numbered to 15 or less.  You asked for it, it’s here and it won’t last long.  Don’t be that guy who misses out!, What's happening at Comic-Con International today? Looks like the Silver Surfer is planning to open a little Goodwin Champions! Cool!, Heading on summer vacation? Make sure to pack an Upper Deck Wallet Card! You could score an Upper Deck Random Acts of Kindness mail day if you do! Check this out!, Come meet Luke Schenn and Brayden Schenn at Players Choice Sports Cards & Collectibles in Kelowna, British Columbia this Wednesday night as part of Upper Deck's Silver Celebration promotion!, Congratulations to the United States Women's National Soccer Team on winning the World Cup. Check out the best cards to collect of the champions!, Get in on our Throwback Thursday promotion and you could score an Alex Morgan autograph!, See what collectors are saying about 2015 Goodwin Champions available in stores now!, Upper Deck signs NHL #1 Draft Pick for the Edmonton Oilers, Connor McDavid, to an exclusive autograph deal!, The NHL Draft takes place tonight. Go behind the scenes to see what happens after a pick is drafted!, null, Time for #TBT! 

Leave a caption on Abby Wambach's  trading card on the UD blog to score United States Women's National Soccer team autographed cards!, It is awesome to see Team USA fans support the United States Women's National Soccer Team in the FIFA Women's World Cup by showing off their favorite Upper Deck cards!, It is incredible to see all the ways that fathers use Upper Deck trading cards to make memories that will last a lifetime with their kids. Thanks dads!!!, ...and the WINNER for the 2015 Upper Deck All-Star Dads contest is....

DAVID P. ! David was nominated by his wife Melissa and has taught his daughter numbers, sorting, organizing and more all through the use of Upper Deck hockey cards! David looks forward to the years of enjoyment of collecting with his daughter and teaching her so much more.

Happy Father's Day, David!, Looking for the best trading cards and collectibles of the Golden State Warriors? Check this out!, Collecting in Quebec? Check out our friends at 450 Sports!, They say defense wins championships. For the second consecutive year, LeBron James' primary defender has hoisted the 2015 NBA Finals MVP Award. Congrats, Iggy!

Happy Throwback Thursday, everyone! Leave a comical comment on our blog on this throwback card for your chance to score 5 packs of SP Authentic Basketball cards!

http://upperdeckblog.com/2015/06/upper-deck-throwback-thursday-create-the-caption-promotion-andre-iguodala/, UD shares details on a limited-edition Chicago Blackhawks Stanley Cup Champion promotional set!, As the Blackhawks Nation celebrates in the streets of Chicago today, Upper Deck is pleased to share details on a limited-edition Stanley Cup Champion set we will be releasing. The cards are going to press today and will be available in less than two weeks.

The 18-card promotional set will be limited to just 1000 total copies. It will be available as a gift with purchase on any NHL® order over $50 through the Upper Deck online store. Sets will also be available through our network of Upper Deck Authorized Internet Retailers with a box purchase of any 2014-15 NHL® Upper Deck product.

The Blackhawks are creating a true legacy in Chicago after winning their third championship since the 2009-10 season. This set is a must-have collectible for any Blackhawks fan!, CORRECTION ON 3rd PLACE WINNER: 

Frank takes 3rd place in UD's All-Star Dads contest! Frank was nominated by his daughter Megan who shared that her Dad grew up coaching her and surprising her and her brother with UD trading cards all the time- even if he knew the money should have gone elsewhere! Frank's kids came first, and he wanted to make sure they knew it. #UDAllStarDad #DadsRead

Frank sounds like a true All-Star Dad!, Tracy L. takes 4th place in the UD All-Star Dad contest with a nomination from his wife Meggin! Tracy has been a teacher for the last 12 years and has actually used Upper Deck cards in the classroom along with using them at home with his son Parker. We are told Parker has learned A LOT about silent letters by studying UD hockey cards!!

Congrats, Tracy!, Configuration:
5 cards per pack
20 packs per box

As we conclude another season of hockey history with the Chicago Blackhawks third Stanley Cup championship in the past six years, hockey fans can turn their attention to the much-awaited release of 2014-15 SP Authentic, hitting stores nationwide on June 30th!
Look for three autographs in every sealed box, including at least one autographed Future Watch rookie card, highlighted by Calder Trophy front-runners Johnny Gaudreau and Aaron Ekblad and Stanley Cup Finals impact rookies Teuvo Teravainen and Andrei Vasilevskiy.
Look for signatures from a slate of active stars and retired legends including Martin Brodeur, Sidney Crosby, Jaromir Jagr, Mario Lemieux, Bobby Orr, Alex Ovechkin, Patrick Roy, Steve Yzerman and Wayne Gretzky. Fresh signers for the brand (including some returning from a long hiatus) include Tom Barrasso, Chris Chelios, Steve Larmer, Mike Liut, Pete Peeters and John Vanbiesbrouck. 
Signatures from the 2015 champions Blackhawks squad include Patrick Kane, Brandon Saad, Patrick Sharp and Jonathan Toews amongst others.
Look for rare gold ink paint pen signatures on 2013-14 Moments and All-Time Moments cards alongside stunning auto-patch cards too!, Configuration:
5 cards per pack
20 packs per box
16 boxes per case

Summer is here and the 2015 edition of Goodwin Champions is having the final touches put on it as we ready for the official release date of June 30th. As has become custom with Goodwin Champions, the “weird stuff” is what makes this release so interesting each year. 
For 2015, we’ve added a several new elements, including a collection of 1-of-1 Cut Signatures highlighted by names like Bill Gates, Stephen King and Marlon Brando plus a slate of inscribed, hard-signed autograph cards from legends such as “Mr. Clutch” Jerry West, “Bird Man” Tony Hawk and the “Finnish Flash” Teemu Selanne. 
One of the weirdest new elements is the 54-card 3-D lenticular “Game of Chance” insert set.  Seeded at a rate of one in four hobby boxes on average, these cards feature stunning original art in a set that when completed is a 100% functional deck of cards. Look for rare Artist Autograph variations #’d of 25 per too!
Another new “concept card” is the Historical Rhetoric audio booklets, featuring audio clips from some of the most famous speeches from the past 150 years including John F. Kennedy’s “Inaugural Address”, Winston Churchill’s “We Will Fight on the Beaches” and Ronald Reagan’s “Remarks at the Brandenburg Gate”. These rare cards are available via planned redemption with exchange cards falling at 1 in every 660 packs on average.
Speaking of Reagan’s “Remarks at Brandenburg Gate”, keep an eye out for two very special Goudey Memorabilia redemptions for cards of Ronald Reagan and Mikhail Gorbachev, each featuring material from the Berlin Wall.
We’d be remiss to discuss any edition of Goodwin Champions without devoting some time to the ever-popular Museum Collection Relics. Coming off the heels of the Civil War in 2013 and World War I in 2014, this year’s product focuses on “The Roaring 20’s” . . . a decade fueled by sustained economic prosperity that laid down many of the foundations for modern pop culture heralded by the explosion of Jazz and Big Band music, modern femininity with the brash wave of young Flappers and the ominous specter of Gangsters. Look for more than 25 different historical pieces highlighted by a stunning wire photo of Al Capone and a signed check from Capone’s nemesis Elliott Ness, leader of “The Untouchables”.
The base set features an all-new 50-card Black and White painted subset, with premium memorabilia and hard-signed auto parallels. 
The final fifteen cards from the base set once again feature a selection of baseball’s top prospects on hard-signed cards (seeded at a rate of 1 in every 60 packs on average) including 5-tool infielder Dermis Garcia. In all, seven of the 15 subjects are ranked amongst Baseball America’s Top 100 prospects.
New signers for this year include 2014 Boston Marathon Winner Meb Keflezighi, MMA All-Time Great Georges St. Pierre and legendary Comic creator Stan Lee. In addition to the new signers, look for signatures from Tiger Woods, Wayne Gretzky, Mike Tyson, Nolan Ryan, Mark McGwire and LeBron James. 
The base set Mini parallels have been upgraded to feature a different substrate for each level including Canvas (announced at 99 copies per), Cloth Lady Luck Backs (#’d of 50 per), Leather Magician Backs (#’d of 15 per) and of course the 1-of-1 Gold Rainbow Foil presidential Backs.
Look for almost 300 different, all-new, hand-painted, 1-of-1 Art of the Ages cards. These cards are truly stunning homages to masterpieces ranging from Van Gogh to Modigliani.
The Origin of Species manufactured patch cards return for the second of three planned years of cards tracing the origins of life itself on planet Earth. The 2015 cards feature a selection of 100 different creatures from the time of the dinosaurs. Look for these cards falling at a rate of 1 in every 64 packs (i.e. five per sealed case), with rare high series cards including Large Predators (1:1,785) and Flying Creatures (1:8,685)., We collect to remember the legends we've lost. We collect to keep their memory alive. We collect to hold a piece of them with us. We miss you Tony Gwynn. Gone one year today, but certainly not forgotten. San Diego Padres, Congrats to Ian R. on winning 5th place in Upper Deck's All-Star Dad contest! Ian was nominated by his sibling who spoke highly of Ian's use of Upper Deck cards to teach his 2yr old about sports, history and word pronunciations. #UDAllStarDad #DadsRead

Way to go Ian!, Collecting in Ottawa or Edmonton? Check out these promos you'll want to score from your local card shop!, VOTING IS OPEN FOR UD ALL-STAR DADS CONTEST! 

Click to vote for your favorite dad, Happy Throwback Thursday, everyone! The series is now knotted at two games apiece. Both teams march back to Amalie Arena for a critical Game 5, Saturday night. 

Leave a comical comment on our blog on this throwback card for your chance to score a signed mini stick by Tampa Bay's Vladislav Namestnikov!

http://upperdeckblog.com/2015/06/upper-deck-throwback-thursday-create-the-caption-promotion-jonathan-toews/, Get to know the name; Andrei Vasilevskiy. The future is bright for this goalie from Russia. Check this out!, Heading out to the 2015 NHL Draft? Upper Deck has a variety of awesome plans in store for you as you watch Connor McDavid, Jack Eichel and more get drafted! Additionally, we will have Aaron Ekblad on site signing FREE autographs for fans! Check this out!, UD After Hours releases their first episode of the new web series!, We've had some GREAT submissions so far for our #UDAllStarDad contest! 

Upload a photo of the dad you are nominating using Upper Deck cards to interact with their kids to Instagram or Twitter BY TOMORROW using #UDAllStarDad and #DadsRead

FULL RULES: http://upperdeck.com/Customer-Care/Sweepstakes/2015_Upper_Deck%20All-Star_Dad_Contest.pdf, Good luck to the women of TeamUSA in their World Cup game today and throughout the tournament. Check out the best cards to collect of top stars like Alex Morgan, Sydney Leroux, Abby Wambach, Tobin Heath and Hope Solo! Go USA!!!, With Jimmy Garoppolo taking the reigns for Tom Brady to start the NFL season, many speculators are gobbling up his cards in hopes he will have success. Check out some of his best rookie cards to grab!, Looking to collect LeBron James' best Cleveland Cavaliers rookie cards? Check these out!, Check out this story from the The Globe and Mail on how hobby shops are preparing for the arrival of Connor McDavid's first NHL cards from Upper Deck later this year., Happy Throwback Thursday, everyone! Last night, the 20-year-old Finnish thief, Teuvo Teravainen, stole the spotlight and Game 1 of the Stanley Cup Playoffs from the Tampa Bay Lightning. 

Leave a comical comment on our blog on this throwback card for your chance to score five (5) FREE packs of ICE Hockey Cards from Upper Deck!

http://upperdeckblog.com/2015/06/upper-deck-throwback-thursday-create-the-caption-promotion-teuvo-teravainen/, The NHL Stanley Cup Final gets underway tonight. Who are you collecting from the championship teams?, Calling all Dads! Nominations are now open for Upper Deck's All-Star Dads promotion. Grab some UD cards, grab a photo of him and submit your nomination today!, Who would have thought these two teammates in Steven Stamkos and Martin St. Louis would become rivals in Game 7 of the NHL Eastern Conference Finals? Which player will be victorious tonight?, It's official; Upper Deck's new Dinosaurs trading card set is one of this summer's top toys! You can grab it in July!, Happy Throwback Thursday, everyone! After last night's 104-90 victory, the reigning MVP, Steph Curry, and the Golden State Warriors are marching into the NBA Finals for their first time since 1975.

Leave a comical comment on our blog on this throwback card for your chance to score five (5) FREE packs of 2014-15 SP Authentic Basketball Cards from Upper Deck!

http://upperdeckblog.com/2015/05/upper-deck-throwback-thursday-create-the-caption-promotion-stephen-curry/, It is the biggest sports collectibles show of the year. It takes place in one of the best collecting markets on the planet. It is the 2015 National Sports Collectors Convention taking place in Chicago, IL from July 29 through August 2. And trust and believe, Upper Deck will be there pulling out all the stops to make it an incredibly memorable experience for collectors.

Here are the details we can share at this time:

Prominent Cuts Wrapper Redemption Promotion
Every year fans flock to the Upper Deck booth with new packs to score one of the exclusive wrapper redemption packs produced just for this show. This year we are bringing back a fan favorite set in Prominent Cuts which features a variety of personalities from various sports in particular. Randomly inserted into these packs are incredibly limited autograph cards as well as six one-of-one cut autograph cards from deceased Chicago legends! Unlike previous years, the packs will be sealed in foil and include random cards so you would not need to attend each day of the show to put a set together.

Collectors just need to purchase five (5) packs of 2014-15 NHL® Fleer Showcase, 2014-15 NHL® O-Pee-Chee Platinum, 2014-15 NHL® Masterpieces, 2014-15 NHL® SP Authentic, 2015 Goodwin Champions or 2015 Upper Deck Dinosaurs to receive one (1) 2015 Upper Deck Prominent Cuts Promotional Pack. Collectors just need to purchase one (1) pack of 2014-15 NHL® SP Game-Used or 2014-15 NHL® UD Premier to receive three (3) 2015 Upper Deck Prominent Cuts Promotional Packs. These packs must be purchased from a Certified Diamond Dealer who will provide collectors with an Upper Deck issued voucher for the redemption program. The program will begin at 10:00 a.m. each day starting on Thursday and run as long as supplies last. Collectors can take advantage of the promotion up to four times per person, per day.

Case Breaker Promotion
Serious collectors who like cracking cases are in store for a very good time during the show as well! Collectors can open a sealed case purchased from a Certified Diamond Dealer at the show of 2014-15 NHL® Fleer Showcase (12 count case),  2014-15 NHL® O-Pee-Chee Platinum (16 count case), 2014-15 NHL® SP Authentic (12 box case),  2014-15 NHL® UD Premier (5 count case) or 2015 Goodwin Champions (16 count case) without waiting in any lines at any time throughout the show to receive the following:

(10) 2015 Upper Deck Prominent Cuts Promotional Packs
(1) Case Breaker Raffle Ticket good for a random memorabilia item, premium hobby pack/box, premium trading card or Prominent Cuts VIP Autograph card. The item selected will be immediately available to the participant.
*Note: This promotion is only available to the first 75 collectors who choose to take advantage of it.

National Sports Collectors Convention VIP Set
Fans who purchase VIP tickets for the National Sports Collectors Convention will score a special five-card set from Upper Deck of the biggest names in the game. Check it out!

The Upper Deck Authenticated Experience
Last year we brought you the Man Cave experience in Cleveland. This year we have some absolutely jaw-dropping items you will have to see to believe from the world’s greatest athletes. More details to come!

The Upper Deck Premier Case Break
Upper Deck will give everyday collectors the opportunity to experience a super-premium case breaking experience during the 2015 National Sports Collectors Convention when we give out FREE spots to the Upper Deck Premier Case Break during our FREE Thursday night raffle. We will select ten fans to be entered into the Upper Deck Premier Case Break which will be held Friday at 2:00 p.m. on the main stage of the Case Breaker Pavilion. Collectors selected will watch live as Upper Deck staff crack open a ten count case of the highly anticipated 2014-15 NHL® UD Premier. These cases are pre-selling for over $2,400! We will have some additional surprises for fans involved in the case break as well!

Upper Deck Random Acts of Kindness Scavenger Hunt
Collectors have enjoyed Upper Deck’s Random Acts of Kindness program and we will bring the excitement around that event to the 2015 National Sports Collectors Convention on Friday. Upper Deck will hide 25 sealed Random Acts of Kindness envelopes throughout the Convention Center to celebrate Upper Deck’s 25 years of producing NHL® and NHLPA licensed trading cards. We will share clues at the company’s corporate booth throughout the day. Lucky collectors who track them down can score sweet prizes like apparel and product!

Kids
As the category leader in kids marketing programs at trade shows, Upper Deck has a variety of activations planned for the next generation of collectors that we will provide details on soon!

Diamond Club Member & Candidate Reception
Upper Deck will host a private reception near the National Sports Collectors Convention on Saturday night, August, 1. Current Diamond Club members in good standing are invited to attend, and potential candidates can earn an invitation during the show by supporting Certified Diamond Dealers selling new Upper Deck boxes and cases on site that week. Candidates need to be the top purchaser of Upper Deck new products from those Certified Diamond Dealers in attendance that week to earn the invitation. Certified Diamond Dealers will be easy to spot with big yellow Upper Deck balloons at their booths. More details to come on this event!

Expired Redemption Raffle
Upper Deck will accept expired redemption cards at the 2015 National Sports Collectors Convention to be entered into a drawing for 100 different prize cards available immediately at the show. The drawing will take place at 11:00 a.m. on Saturday and redemptions need to be received in by 10:30 a.m. that morning. Here are more details on the expired redemption raffle.

FREE Raffles/Giveaways
Upper Deck will host FREE raffles every day at the Upper Deck booth with the exception of Friday where the giveaway will come in the form of the Upper Deck Random Acts of Kindness Scavenger Hunt detailed above. Here is a schedule for those giveaways, make sure to be at the Upper Deck booth immediately prior to these times to get a FREE raffle ticket:

Wednesday, July 29 – 7:00 p.m.
Thursday, July 30 – 5:30 p.m.
Friday, July 31 – Upper Deck Random Acts of Kindness Scavenger Hunt all day long
Saturday, August 1 – 1:30 p.m.
Sunday, August 2 – 1:00 p.m.

Upper Deck will be sharing more details on events surrounding the 2015 National Sports Collectors Convention in the coming weeks, but it will definitely be an event collectors will NOT want to miss!, How do they celebrate the pull of a Jaden Schwartz one-of-one hand-painted art card at West's Sports Cards & Collectibles? With an incredible photo bomb of course!, UD had NHL Young Guns show off their best celebrations at the NHLPA Rookie Showcase event. Which player do you think had the best celebration?, Thanks to all the men and women who paid the ultimate sacrifice for this country. Check out the top ten American military veterans you can collect!, Getting away this weekend for the holiday? Incorporate a visit to an out of town hobby shop in your travel plans. Every shop is different and you never know that treasures you will find inside!, Don't you just love getting surprised when opening UD packs? What was the best surprise you ever found in a pack of Upper Deck cards?, null, Prominent Cuts returns and other awesome details revealed about Upper Deck's plans for the National Sports Collectors Convention this summer in Chicago. Don't miss it!, See how this fan went full circle from collecting as a kid to collecting as an adult. Jeremy St. Louis takes us on a fun journey where he rediscovers his love for the hobby!, Happy Throwback Thursday, everyone!

Nikita Kucherov's Wednesday night game-winner made him the youngest player to score 2 overtime goals in a playoff year since Claude Lemieux.

Leave a comical comment on our blog on this throwback card for your chance to score five (5) FREE packs of 2014-15 ICE HOCKEY CARDS from Upper Deck!

http://upperdeckblog.com/2015/05/upper-deck-throwback-thursday-create-the-caption-promotion-nikita-kucherov/, Watch some of the NHL's brightest young stars show off their best trick shots on the ice!, Check out new preview images of 2014-15 NHL UD Premier!, Rory McIlroy wins again! Check out this video with Rory from behind the scenes at an Upper Deck Authenticated signing session! Score your Rory McIlroy signed memorabilia at UpperDeckStore.com!, Now you can get Fathead's for your wall of Upper Deck's top spokesmen!, Upper Deck's new Dinosaurs set is going to be awesome, but don't just take our word for it. Watch these three-year-old boys give their thoughts on it as they see it for the first time and give some priceless reactions!, What will these incredible Upper Deck collectibles fetch at auction this weekend? You've got to see these incredible UD items offered by Beckett Media, LLC Auctions this month!, Happy Throwback Thursday, everyone!

Never say never. Down 3-1 in the series, Derek Stepan and the New York Rangers found a way to steal Game 7 and the series over the Washington Capitals. 

Leave a comical comment on our blog on this throwback card for your chance to score five (5) FREE packs of 2014-15 ICE HOCKEY CARDS from Upper Deck!

http://upperdeckblog.com/2015/05/upper-deck-throwback-thursday-create-the-caption-promotion-derek-stepan/, This is Connor McDavid. And this is why you are going to want to collect his Upper Deck Young Guns rookie cards if all goes according to plan with him next season., It's always fun when a new product like 2014-15 NHL Masterpieces arrives in stores! Get your box today and show us what you pull!!!, This story will make you smile and maybe cry. We love The Fist Bump Kid and were so proud to play a small role in telling his story., Happy 90th Birthday to Yogi Berra who once said, "When you come to a fork in the road, take it.", How to get ahead in business? Maybe you should pass on advice from NHL players like Curtis Lazar, André Burakovsky, Hunter Shinkaruk, Brock McGinn and Chris Tierney! Enjoy!, Nobody brings you closer to the game, and the sports legends you love, than Upper Deck. See how we provided loyal fans the thrill of a lifetime when they met Wayne Gretzky at the Hockey Hall of Fame!, We have concluded, it is more probable than not, that this Tom Brady rookie card will NOT DEFLATE in value., Thanks to all the fans who helped make the Spring Expo such a memorable one for Upper Deck!, Mother's Day may be over, but check out why moms think collecting Upper Deck cards is a great hobby for their kids!, We hope all the moms out there had a fantastic Mother's Day! We are happy to announce the WINNER of the Upper Deck All-Star Moms contest, Jennifer R.! Her sacrifice for her children to play the sports that they love did not go unnoticed and her sons are forever grateful. CONGRATS!, LeBron James is not only focused on the court, he is focused off the court as well. Check this out!, This collector had a bucket list dream of pulling a Jordan autograph at the National from UD. What is your bucket list dream in the world of collecting?, Happy Throwback Thursday, everyone! Lead by LeBron's 33-point performance last night, the Cleveland Cavaliers knotted the Eastern Conference Semifinals series at one game apiece. 

Leave a comical comment on our blog on this throwback card for your chance to score eight (5) FREE packs of SP AUTHENTIC  BASKETBALL CARDS from Upper Deck!

http://upperdeckblog.com/2015/05/upper-deck-throwback-thursday-create-the-caption-promotion-lebron-james-4/, Congratulations to our 3rd place Upper Deck All-Star Mom Contest winner, Kimberley! Your dedicated support toward your daughter’s softball successes is second to none. 

We want to thank you for all the hard work you do and continue to do. On behalf of the Upper Deck team, we hope you have a wonderful Mother’s Day and enjoy your well-deserved Upper Deck prize package!, See the efforts Upper Deck is making to engage kids at trade shows. They are the future of the hobby!, Thanks to all the fans who joined us in Toronto for the Spring Expo. Couldn't make it? Check out what you missed!, Congratulations to our 2nd Upper Deck All-Star Mom Contest winner- coming in at 4th place, Jessica! 

The way you stepped up and filled the coaching role for your son’s T-ball team is very admirable. We also know the importance of a well-organized card collection so kudos to you for educating your son on proper etiquette! Hopefully your daughter will also learn to collect when she gets older, too! Jessica, we hope you have a wonderful Mother’s Day and enjoy your Upper Deck prize package!, Masterpieces hockey is back with amazing artwork of many of the league’s top players and legends.  There are 180 original paintings of the top veterans, rookies and legends!  Every box of 2014-15 Masterpieces will deliver three hits from a selection of artful autograph and memorabilia cards, including at least one signed card.  Masterpiece features 100% HARD-SIGNED autographed cards.  All memorabilia cards in the product are 100% gamed-used.  Look for High Series SP’s and Wire Photos and their autographed parallels!  Also find framed parallels numbered as low as 50 and their autographed parallels numbered as low as 1 of 1.  Some of the biggest hits will be the Masterpieces Portraits with each card featuring hand painted art work and limited to ten copies per!  Stop by your local card shop or your favorite online breaker on May 13th to be the first ones to get your hands on these Masterpieces!

Configuration:
5 cards per pack
15 packs per box
10 boxes per inner
2 inners per case

Product Highlights:
100% On-Card Autos!
100% Game-Used Memorabilia!
240-card Base Set
Featuring 180 Original Paintings!
Now with Retired Legends, Active Stars & 15 Top Rookies!
Plus 60 Wire Photos !
Amazing Parallels . . . 
Red Framed Cloth (#’d of 100 per)
Black Framed Leather (#’d of 50 per)
Autos (Various Seeding Ratios)
Red Framed Cloth Autos (#’d of 30 or less per)
Black Framed Leather Autos (#’d of 15 or less per)
Memorabilia (Various Seeding Ratios)
Red Framed Cloth Memorabilia (#’d of 85 or less)
Black Framed Leather Prime Memorabilia (#’d of 65 or less)
Masterpiece Portraits
20 Subjects, hand #’d of 10 copies per
Each card is hand painted!

Box Break: (on average)
Ten (10) Base SP’s
Two to Three (2-3) Black & White Portraits
Two to Three (2-3) Rookie Cards
Five (5) Wire Photos
One (1) or More Cloth or Leather Parallel
One (1) On-Card Auto Card
One (1) Game-Used Memorabilia Card
One (1) Additional Auto or Memorabilia Card

10-Box Inner Break: (on average)
One (1) Autographed Wire Photo
Two (2) Framed Cloth or Leather Autos
Four (4) Cloth Memorabilia
One to Two (1-2) Framed Leather Prime Memorabilia, The votes are in! We would like to pay it forward to all our (Mom)inees and say thank you for participating in Upper Deck’s All-Star Mom Contest and all the hard work you do.

Congratulations to Upper Deck’s first All-Star Mom winner- in 5th place, Katherine Poray! Your husband, Tom’s, very kind and enthusiastic words truly won us over. Your athletic prowess and overall compassion for your family and devotion to your children’s athletic upbringing is unmatched! (We won’t even get into the awesome sports-themed wedding!) 

Katherine, we hope you have a wonderful Mother’s Day and enjoy your Upper Deck prize package!  

http://upperdeckblog.com/UDAllStarMoms/, Want to go to the most anticipated NHL Draft event in the last 20 years? Check this out!!!, Congratulations to Stephen Curry on scoring the NBA MVP. Check out this tribute to Curry in cards. Got any of these???, Any fans going to take in the Kentucky Derby today? Did you know we've made trading cards for some of the greatest horses in Derby history? Check this out!, Teuvo Teräväinen became a star in the NHL tonight for the Chicago Blackhawks. Have you been collecting this young star from Finland?, We picked the Top 5 Upper Deck All-Star Moms, now it is time for YOU to vote for the #1 spot! #UDAllStarMom

Help decide who you believe is the most deserving Mom of them all!, Happy Throwback Thursday, everyone! Tonight is the 2015 NFL Draft! This year’s draft class is loaded with highly-touted quarterbacks with franchise potential. Who knows, maybe the next Brett Favre is among them...

Leave a comical comment on our blog on Favre's throwback card for your chance to score eight (8) FREE packs of 2014-15 Football Cards from Upper Deck!

http://upperdeckblog.com/2015/04/upper-deck-throwback-thursday-create-the-caption-promotion-brett-favre/, It's NFL Draft Day! Show off your FAVORITE Upper Deck Football Rookie card here by the start of the Draft. You just might score an Upper Deck Random Acts of Kindness mail day for your efforts!!!, Upper Deck has big plans for the 2015 Spring Sport Card & Memorabilia Expo in Toronto, Ontario. Check out some of the fun events we have planned!, The NFL Draft is coming! Check out this list of hot prospect cards from top draft picks you can collect today from USA Football!, To nominate a mother you feel is most deserving of the title (yes moms, you can nominate yourselves), please email us at UpperDeckMarketing@upperdeck.com with the subject line “2015 Upper Deck All-Star Moms” with the following three pieces of information:
1.Please write out eight sentences or less as to why you feel your nomination should be championed with Upper Deck’s prestigious title of All-Star Mom.
2.Please send a jpeg image of the mom you are nominating helping her kid(s) excel in the sport they love. Higher resolution images work best for us. This is a VERY key part of the decision on who will ultimately win so try to get a great photograph!
3.Instagram & Twitter: Mention @UpperDeckSports using #UDAllStarMom
4.Please include full name, address and phone number for the mom you nominate.

Emails must be received by Friday, May 1. 

FULL RULES: bit.ly/1OzNyCW, That moment when a young rookie saves the season during a Game 7! Here's a name to watch in the NHL Playoffs for the Washington Capitals: Evgeny Kuznetsov, If you are in the Greater Toronto area, join us tonight for an Upper Deck Silver Celebrations party at Cardboard Memories in Brampton ON, 5:00-6:30 p.m. for fun, food & freebies!, To nominate a mother you feel is most deserving of the title (yes moms, you can nominate yourselves), please email us at UpperDeckMarketing@upperdeck.com with the subject line “2015 Upper Deck All-Star Moms” with the following three pieces of information:
1.Please write out eight sentences or less as to why you feel your nomination should be championed with Upper Deck’s prestigious title of All-Star Mom.
2.Please send a jpeg image of the mom you are nominating helping her kid(s) excel in the sport they love. Higher resolution images work best for us. This is a VERY key part of the decision on who will ultimately win so try to get a great photograph!
3.Instagram & Twitter: Mention @UpperDeckSports using #UDAllStarMom
4.Please include full name, address and phone number for the mom you nominate.

Emails must be received by Friday, May 1. 

FULL RULES: bit.ly/1OzNyCW, Do you want to see something cool? Check out how we cut the game-used patches for 2014-15 NHL UD Premier!, Is LeBron James worried about what comes next in his quest for a title with the Cleveland Cavaliers? Not from what we've seen with LeBron during our Upper Deck Authenticated signing sessions. He NEVER panics no matter what the situation might be!, Upper Deck is coming to Brampton, Ontario for a Silver Celebration party on Wednesday, April 29 at Cardboard Memories Inc.! Come out for free food, drinks and the opportunity to score some awesome collectibles!, Would you take relationship advice from NHL players? See what they have to offer here!, Happy Throwback Thursday, everyone! Lead by veteran center, Ryan Kesler's two-goal performance, the Ducks completed the four-game series sweep over the Jets last night.

Leave a comical comment on our blog on Kesler's throwback card for your chance to score one (1) FREE box of 2014-15 ICE Hockey Cards from Upper Deck!, According to Stephen Larcoche of Beckett Media, LLC Hockey, Connor McDavid's debut in the NHL could signal increased values for other Edmonton Oilers trading cards. Check this out!, Are you an All-Star Mom? Do you know one? Nominate yours today to be recognized by Upper Deck and score cards of their kids!, You've never seen NHL players like this before. See what happens as these hockey players learn from a figure skater to work as a team., The Upper Deck card most important to my collection is ___________________., null, Wayne Gretzky says that Connor McDavid is the best player to come into the league in the last 30 years. Joined by rookies like Jack Eichel, Noah Hanifin, Malcolm Subban, Jacob de la Rose, Sam Bennett, Kevin Fiala and more, the 2015-16 NHL trading card season is going to be VERY special!, Incredible story of a Silicon Valley venture capitalist investing $90,000 in the LeBron James Exquisite Collection Rookie Card from Upper Deck. More than a few high-end collectors enjoy investing in their passion!, Which team do you hope wins the "Connor McDavid Sweepstakes" on Saturday night??? Here's the odds on who will claim the #1 pick in the 2015 NHL Draft:

1. Buffalo (54 points, 15 ROW): 20 percent
2. Arizona (56 points, 19 ROW): 13.5 percent
3. Edmonton (62 points, 19 ROW): 11.5 percent
4. Toronto (68 points, 25 ROW): 9.5 percent
5. Carolina (71 points, 25 ROW): 8.5 percent
6. New Jersey (78 points, 27 ROW):  7.5 percent
7. Philadelphia (84 points, 30 ROW): 6.5 percent
8. Columbus (89 points, 33 ROW): 6 percent
9. San Jose (89 points, 36 ROW): 5 percent
10. Colorado (90 points, 29 ROW): 3.5 percent
11. Florida (91 points, 30 ROW): 3 percent
12. Dallas (92 points, 37 ROW): 2.5 percent
13. Los Angeles (95 points, 38 ROW): 2 percent
14. Boston (96 points, 37 ROW): 1 percent, Last week we had a guest contributor share his list of the top ten rookies this season, but this time we are looking at the long-term hobby potential for the 2014-15 NHL Rookie Class. Check out this list!, Happy Throwback Thursday, everyone! In last night's thrilling double-overtime win, Chicago Blackhawks' rookie goaltender, Scott Darling, was tasked with one job: stop the bleeding. 

Leave a comical comment on our blog on Darling's throwback card for your chance to score FREE packs from Upper Deck!

http://upperdeckblog.com/2015/04/upper-deck-throwback-thursday-create-the-caption-promotion-scott-darling/, Upper Deck steps up to engage kids at the Spring Sportscard & Memorabilia Expo by offering FREE admission and a FREE card! We hope to see a ton of young collectors out at the show!, Upper Deck wants to send YOU to the 2015 NHL Draft in Sunrise, Florida. Check out the details here!, NHL players know hockey, but you probably wouldn't want to take parenting advice from them. Here's a good reason why! Enjoy the laugh before the playoffs get underway!, Before things get too serious with the 2015 NHL Stanley Cup Playoffs, we thought we would have a little fun. See what happens when we put NHL players through figure skating lessons!, Today we remember a true icon, inspiration and hero. Happy Jackie Robinson Day!, See what collectors are not only saying about 2014-15 NHL ICE, but also what they are pulling! The product arrived in stores today!, The NHL Stanley Cup Playoffs are upon us. Get into the game like never before with the NHL Stanley Cup Playoffs Bracket Challenge. Check out the details and match-ups here!, Don't miss all the fun of the 2015 Sportscard & Memorabilia Expo in Toronto on May 1-3! Check out all the details on what we have planned here!, When do trading cards become wall art? When you put together the puzzle of Black Diamond @NHL dual jersey cards! Check this collector's story out!, Why are people so excited about the incredible rookie class in hockey next year? Primarily because of this guy; Connor McDavid. Check this out!, Golf fans are in heaven this week. Wouldn't they be even happier if they had some of these items in their collections!, Who are the top 2014-15 NHL rookies to collect? Glad you asked. One of our collectors put together a great list to share with other fans. Check this out!, We were so sad to hear about the passing of Lauren Hill today. You can still donate to her cause to get an Upper Deck Heroic Inspirations card of this courageous young woman: https://thecurestartsnow.webconnex.com/lauren, Happy #ThrowbackThursday everyone! 1996 was the last time the Jets were in the playoffs. (Win) nipeg and they're in. That is their mindset as they prepare for tonight's match-up against the Colorado Avalanche. 

Leave a comical comment on our blog on Keith Tkachuk's throwback card for your chance to score FREE packs from Upper Deck.
http://upperdeckblog.com/2015/04/upper-deck-throwback-thursday-create-the-caption-promotion-keith-tkachuk/, null, Did you know today is National Trading Cards for Grown Ups Day? Yes, that's actually a thing although not officially sponsored by Upper Deck (yet). It is also National Empenada Day. So grab an empenada and some new UD packs to celebrate today!, Product Highlights:
Limited Rookies Auto Patch (#’d to 50 or less)
LeBron James 03-04 SPA Tribute Autographs (#’d to 10)
Rookie Extended Series Red and Emerald Autograph Parallels (#’d to 225 or less)

Arrival Date: April 8, 2015

Configuration:
4 cards per pack
20packs per box
12 boxes per case

Set Breakdown:
Regular Cards – 50
Authentic Moments – 20
Authentic Moments Duals – 5
Rookie Extended Series – 25

Box Break Summary:
Three (3) Autographs per box!
Including one (1) Future Watch Rookie Autograph #’d to 475 or less!
Look for Limited Rookie Autograph Patch cards #’d to 50 or less!
Look for LeBron James 2003-04 SPA Tribute Autographs #’d to 10! Featuring:
Johnny Manziel
Maria Sharapova
Danica Patrick
Georges St-Pierre
And more!
Eight (8) Rookie Extended Series cards per box!
Look for Red (#’d to 50 or less) and Emerald (#’d to 225 or less) autograph parallels!

Look for autographs from rookies and legends like:

Michael Jordan
LeBron James
Shaquille O’Neal
Stephen Curry
Aaron Gordon
Mitch McGary
Elfrid Payton
Nikola Mirotic
Julius Erving
Larry Bird
Magic Johnson
& Many More!

Collect the entire 100-card set including the 25 Authentic Moments cards highlighting some of the biggest moments in college basketball history!

And look for LOTS of surprises!, Back by popular demand, Ice makes its return as a stand alone product and brings you everything you loved about it and more.  This year, we’ve created a 168-card 100% ACETATE base set. The base set features 84 different Ice Premiere Rookies, broken into five tiers of scarcity, #’d from 999 down to a mere 99 copies per card.  Another factor you’ll love is the fact all autographs are 100% hard-signed!  Look for Ice Premiere Rookie Autos (1:16) and Auto/Patch variations numbered to 10 copies per.  Find autographs from your favorite active players and retired legends in Rinkside Signings and Glacial Graphs (which parallel out to Gold and Black variations, many of which feature inscriptions added by the athletes).  Signature Swatches features some of the top players in the league including legends, with each card featuring a oversized jersey swatch with a hard-signed signature directly on the acetate.  Find Frozen Fabrics and Fresh Threads cards with Gold patch and Black patch variations numbered as low as 5.  Look for scarce Frozen Foursome memorabilia cards, each with four swatches from four different players.  Finally, Black is Back!  Find one UD Black card per box including Black Rookies, Autographed Lustrous Rookies, Lustrous Materials and Signatures.  Each box will deliver on average one on-card auto, one memorabilia card and one UD Black card.  Make sure to stop by your Local Card Shop on April 15th because this stuff is going to be hard to keep on the shelves!

Configuration:
3 cards per pack
8 packs per box
8 boxes per inner
2 inners per case
Release Date: April ’15

Product Highlights:
100% ACETATE 168-CARD BASE SET!
Base Cards (42 cards)
Goalies (30 cards, 1:3 packs)
Legends (12 cards, 1:7 packs)
Ice Premieres Tier 5 RC’s (#’d of 999)
Ice Premieres Tier 4 RC’s (#’d of 799)
Ice Premieres Tier 3 RC’s (#’d of 499)
Ice Premieres Tier 2 RC’s (#’d of 299)
Ice Premieres Tier 1 RC’s (#’d of 99)
(NEW) Ice Premieres Auto Variations
Ice Premieres Auto Patch Variations
Glacial Graphs, Signature Swatches, & Rinkside Signings all return!
UD Black Content (one card per box)!
Including Rookies, Auto’d Lustrous Rookies & Lustrous Signatures, The best football product of the year returns with 2014 Exquisite Collection Football. Look for this fan favorite when it arrives in stores on APRIL 8, 2015!!!, null, FoilBackground, Happy Throwback Thursday! Congrats to Sidney Crosby on his 300th career goal. 

Leave a comical comment on our blog on Sidney's throwback card for your chance to score FREE packs from Upper Deck., The card on the left is the regular version. The card on the right is the rare photo variation., Heading to the Sportscard & Memorabilia Expo in Toronto? Check out these cool cards you could nab while there!, null, EXCITING NEWS FROM UPPER DECK! We are expanding into the women's perfume category with BOOMSAUCE, a new fragrance from Upper Deck! We captured the scent of Upper Deck cards, which women love, in an exciting new fragrance!, It's a good day to be a hockey fan as 2014-15 Upper Deck AHL and 2014-15 NHL O-Pee-Chee Platinum arrive in stores today!!!, 2015 Upper Deck Football is IN STORES TODAY! Collect Jameis, Mariota, Gurley, Gordon III, Hundley and more!!!, Who will be drafted first??? Our popular Predictor cards make a return in 2015 Upper Deck Football due out this week!, Configuration:
5 cards per pack
20 packs per box
20 boxes per case
Arrival: April 1, 2015

Product Highlights:
150-card Base set
Featuring 50 SP’s, falling 1 per Pack!
Get 5 Autograph cards per Box!
Look for top Future Star Sigs!
Find Manufactured Logo Patches!
Embroidered & Woven Patches!
Thirty Logos in All!
Grab Fun AHL Stickers!
Featuring Regular Team Logos, Alternate & Vintage Logos Too!

Box Break: (on average)
Five (5) Base Set Auto parallels
Twenty (20) Base Set SP’s
Featuring Bright Future Stars!
Three (3) AHL Team Stickers
At least 1 Alternate Sticker 

Case Break: (on average)
Six (6) Manufactured Logo Patches, 6 Cards per Pack
20 Packs per Box
12 Boxes per Case
Arrival: March 31, 2015

CONTENT HIGHLIGHTS: (All content listed is an average based on the entire production run)
• 2015 Upper Deck football will deliver the top Rookies and future superstars!
o Get 2-3 Star Rookies in every pack!
o Collect the entire 170-card Star Rookie Set
• Get three (3) autograph cards per box!  From:
o Rookie Lettermen Signatures - Hard-signed
o UD Authentics Rookie Signatures- Hard-signed
 Only a 25-card set falling 1 in every other case, on average!
o Star Rookie Autographs
o A Cut Above Autographs
o College Football Heroes Autographs
• Continue the collection of College Tribute Patch cards!
o Capture famous traditions and tributes throughout college football!
o At least Four (4) per case!
 Collect traditions like the Vol Navy, USC Song Girls, the Commander in Chief Trophy, the World’s Largest Outdoor Cocktail Party, the Auburn Tiger Walk, and many more!
• Two (2) UD Authentics Rookie Cards #’d to 500 per box!
o Collect the 65-card set!
• One (1) rare base or Star Rookie black and white glossy parallel numbered to 10 or less per case!
• HOBBY EXCLUSIVE! – Get two (2) Star Rookie Photo Variation SPs per case!
o Collect all 20 variation cards!
• HOBBY EXCLUSIVE! – Look for 1990s/2000s College Football Heroes inserts
o Falling 1:16 packs
o Collect the 10-card set!
• HOBBY EXCLUSIVE! – Predictor cards are back!
o Look for rare QB, RB, and WR predictor cards for your chance to win exclusive card sets!

PRODUCT BREAKDOWN:

 Autographed Cards:  (3 per box!)
o Star Rookies Autograph Parallel 
o Rookie Lettermen Signatures (Varied #)
o UD Authentics Rookie Signatures (1:480)
o A Cut Above Autograph Parallel (1 per case, on average)
o College Football Heroes Autograph Parallel (1:5680)
 
 Memorabilia Cards:  
o College Tribute Manufactured Patches (at least 4 per case!)

 Inserts and Parallel Cards:
o UD Authentics Rookies (# to 500)
o Regular Card Black and White Parallel (# to 10)
o Star Rookies Black and White Parallel (# to 10)
o Star Rookies Photo Variation SP (1:120) – HOBBY ONLY
o A Cut Above Veterans (1:17)
o A Cut Above Rookies (1:7)
o 1990s/2000s College Football Heroes (1:16)
o Predictor – First QB Drafted (1:1440)
o Predictor – First RB Drafted (1:1440)
o Predictor – First WR Drafted (1:1440)
 
 Base Set:
o Regular Cards - 45
o Star Rookies – 100 (2:1)
o Star Rookies SP – 40 (1:12)
o Star Rookies Rare – 30 (1:120), So this just happened in Omaha, NE., Upper Deck surprised inspirational young Liam Fitzgerald with his very own Boston Bruins Hockey card on March 26, 2015. Liam later signed copies for fans. It was part of Upper Deck's team set and fans could get his card with a donation at the team store. Liam's story is incredible, find out more about it here: http://upperdeckblog.com/2015/03/more-than-a-trading-card-liam-fitzgerald-earns-an-upper-deck-heroic-inspirations-card/

Photos courtest of Steve Babineau of Getty Images, Upper Deck surprised one inspirational young Boston Bruins fan with an incredible honor. Check out what happened to Liam Fitzgerald at the game last night when he got his very own NHL trading card!, See how Upper Deck brought O-Pee-Chee Platinum to life with an exclusive Q&A with UD's Director of Product Development, Grant Sandground! And see how you can score a box of the highly anticipated release for FREE!!!, Getting ready for all the #MarchMadness going on tonight? We are!! Leave a comical caption on our blog for your chance to score FREE packs from Upper Deck, Upper Deck went all out with hobby shops who attended the 2015 Las Vegas Industry Summit to make it an event worth remembering. Don't miss the 2016 version when it returns to Hawaii for it's 40th Anniversary!, 2014-15 Black Diamond is here, and for our Final Sneak Peek we’re showing you mock-ups of some of the most sought after and valuable cards that Upper Deck has ever made.  The Rookie Gems Quad Diamond Relics are BACK!  Picking up the checklist of cards 226-250, each one of these 1 of 1 Rookie Gem cards contains FOUR 1 carat Princess Cut Diamonds.  You thought our Ruby, Orange, Sapphire and Emerald parallels were shiny, wait till you see how shiny four diamonds can be.  To support how stacked these cards are, we had to create one of our thickest hockey cards ever just to contain the awesomeness.  Like last year, we will be doing a LIVE broadcasted Draft for all of our redemption holders around the middle of April.  Don’t miss your chance to get your Golden Ticket., Do your NHL cards have bling? Ours do! Check out this incredible gallery of the 2014-15 NHL Black Diamond Quad Rookie Gems cards with actual diamonds embedded in them. Last chance to participate in the draft for these cards is 4/9/15!, See what happens when Upper Deck takes PACKS to the PEOPLE on Upper Deck's National Hockey Card Day! Who knew it could be so much fun to open new NHL cards!, You’ve been asking for it, and now it’s here!  We’ve created our first metallic stock Hockey cards for 2014-15 O-Pee-Chee Platinum.  The product is anchored by a 200-card base set (featuring 50 Rookie Cards). There are eight different levels of parallel for the base set featuring Rainbow (1:3.3), Traxx (1:20), Red Prism (numbered to 135), Blue Cubes (numbered to 65), White Ice (numbered to 199), Seismic Gold (numbered to 50), Black Ice (numbered to 25) and keep your eye out for the 1 of 1 Golden Treasures!  OPC Platinum also features 100% hard-signed autographs falling at a rate of one per hobby box!  This is your first chance to get hard-signed Rookie Cards for all of the top rookies from the 2014-15 class, including a slew of eye-popping parallels like Black Ice (#’d to 99), Red Rainbow (#’d to 50), Blue Rainbow (#’d to 25) and the amazing 1-of-1 Golden Treasures (of which might be some of the most sought after cards of the year)!  The product lineup also includes a 100-card O-Pee-Chee Retro set (1 in every 3.3 packs) with 4 different parallels plus Superstars Die Cuts, Legends Die Cuts and Stanley Cup Champs Die Cuts (all with autographed versions numbered to 10 or less)., Check out Upper Deck's Grant Sandground talking about demand for female athletes in the trading card market., Check out these tips on how to get started collecting Upper Deck trading cards! It's a hobby for the whole family!, See what happened at the Las Vegas Industry Summit this week AND how you can score a FREE Upper Deck Industry Summit black pack!!!, New to collecting cards? Check out Upper Deck's Collectors Zone where you can find answers to frequently asked questions and some great advice on collecting UD cards!, null, MARCH MADNESS is on at last! Check out UD's new Bracketology game in March Madness Basketball. You could score exclusive sets, autograph cards and even a Michael Jordan signed UDA piece for playing!, Anyone feeling the luck of the Irish today? Let us know the latest big hits you've received from Upper Deck trading cards! #StPattysDay #LuckofTheIrish #PotofGold #collect #thehobby, Playing in a tournament bracket for NCAA March Madness? Kick it up a notch by playing Upper Deck's Bracketology Game.

Scratch off the game card inside packs of 2014015 NCAA March Madness Collection Promotion and let the fun begin! http://ow.ly/KgArq, #MarchMadness is about to begin, score some FREE packs from UD by participating in our Create the Caption promotion!, Base Card Imagery, A dream come true for Jonathan Huberdeau as one of his idols, Jaromir Jagr, signs an Upper Deck card for him!, 2015 Upper Deck Inscriptions Football is out in stores TODAY! Take a gander at the checklist here! Make sure to share your pulls on our Timeline!, Upper Deck is happy to report we've had our first signing session with St. Louis Blues phenom Vladimir Tarasenko. Check out what he signed!, #SelectionSunday for NCAA March Madness is only 4 days away! 

Grab your Upper Deck 2014-15 Madness Collection Basketball Cards and play our #Bracketology game for a chance to WIN great prizes.

Available online and at your local card shop., Collect the first HARD-SIGNED autographs from the 2015 Rookie Class!

Every card in the pack is hard-signed with an inscription autograph! 

Collect the entire checklist of up to 100 different rookies!

Configuration:
4 cards per pack
1 pack per box
8 boxes per inner shipper
2 Inner Shippers per case

Arrival Date: March 11, 2015

  
Every pack delivers 4 autographs!
üIncludes three (3) base silver autographs and 1 limited #’d autograph parallel
Red #’d to 149 or less
Black #’d to 25
Gold #’d to 10

*Note - There was a typo on packaging that lists gold autographs in 2015 Upper Deck Inscriptions Football are numbered to 1, when in fact they are numbered to 10. They were solicited as being numbered to 10 and all the gold autographs will be numbered to 10 copies. We apologize for any confusion this packaging typo may have caused., What were the best Michael Jordan Washington Wizards memorabilia cards? Our friends at Cardboard Connection review that question for fans., Check out some of the incredible sketch cards in the 2015 Upper Deck Dinosaurs set!, Fleer Showcase, one of last year’s HOTTEST sets is back bigger and brighter than ever on March 19th.  Back is one of the most sought after rookie cards of the year, the Rookie Showcase Auto Patch with Tier 1 rookies numbered to 375 and Tier 2 to 175.  These cards will parallel out to Red Glow numbered to 27 and 18 featuring glove and fight strap swatches, and White Hot numbered to ONLY 3, featuring an oversized patch!   Look for the Hot Prospects Duos, Trios and Autos also featuring  Red Glow and White Hot parallels numbered as low as 9 (including the first autographed RC’s for rookie hotshots Sven Andrighetto, Melker Karlsson and John Klingberg).  SkyBox Premium and Premium Prospects numbered to 499 and 299 continue the color explosion that includes Star Rubies numbered out of 50 and Sparkling Diamond Parallels numbered to 5.  If that’s not enough, this year’s Metal Universe cards have a slick design that parallels out to a Red version limited to 65 copies per card (#’d 36/100 to 100/100), a Blue version to 25 (#’d 11/100 to 25/100) and a Green version to 10 (#’d 1/100 to 10/100).  Look for an all-new wave of Flair content this year! Collect all the Rows, and all the variations, including Blue Ice #’d to 99, One of One Blue Ice Masterpieces, Jersey parallels, Patch parallels #’d to 10 and Rookie Auto Patches #’d to 49! Additionally, look for rare Wave of the Future and Hot Gloves inserts.  Get ready, these cards went fast last year.  You don’t want to miss out!

Configuration:
•5 cards per pack
•15 packs per box
Arrival Date: March 18, 2015

Product Highlights:
Hot Prospects Auto Patch RC’s
One (1) or More per Box!
60 Top Prospects (#’d of 375 or 175 per)
Red Glow Glove/Strap Parallels #’d to 27 or 18
White Hot Mega Patch Parallels #’d to 3
NEW! Flair Content
70-card set, including 20 Row o RC’s
Blue Ice Parallels, #’d to 250!
1-of-1 Masterpiece Parallels
Row 1 & 2 Jersey & Patch Parallels
Row 0 Rookie Auto-Patch (#’d to 49)!
Wave of the Future & Hot Gloves inserts!
Metal Universe
1998-99 Design
42-card set, including 21 Rookies
PMG Red, Blue & Green Parallels
SkyBox Premium
50-card set, including 20 Rookies
Star Rubies & Sparkling Diamond Parallels

Box Break: (on average)
One (1) Hot Prospects Rookie Auto Patch
Two (2) Add’l Auto or Memorabilia Cards
Including surplus Hot Prospects Rookie Auto Patch cards & Flair Rookie Auto Patch cards
Five (5) Metal Universe cards
Three (3) Flair cards
Including at least one Row 1 SP or Row 0 RC SP
Four (4) Serial #’d Cards (#’d to 499 or less)
Including Flair Blue Ice & Metal Universe PMG’s

Case Break: (on average)
One (1) or more Hot Prospects Rookie Auto Patch SP
One (1) or more Hot Prospects Rookie Auto Patch Red Glow or White Hot Parallel
Four (4) Metal Universe Precious Metal Gems Parallels
Two (2) SkyBox Premium Star Rubies or Sparkling Diamond Parallels
One (1) or more Patch cards (#’d to 18 or less)
One (1) Hot Gloves or Wave of the Future insert, null, The best football product of the year returns with 2014 Exquisite Collection Football. Look for this fan favorite when it arrives in stores on APRIL 8, 2015!!!, Check out this story on why Reggie Miller learned not to talk trash to Michael Jordan., See why Upper Deck decided to make a card of Lauren Hill., Show us how you got lucky with Upper Deck this year and you could score big! Check this out!, Lauren Hill is definitely worthy of getting her own trading card. See her story and find out how you can get one of these inspirational collectibles with all proceeds benefiting The Cure Starts Now Foundation., Lauren Hill, the Courageous Basketball Player for Mount St. Joseph, will Receive Her Very Own Upper Deck Heroic Inspirations Roo, Cool to see all the young female collectors getting interested in the hobby of collecting cards!, Thanks to all the fans who came out hobby shops and retailers throughout the United States and Canada for National Hockey Card Day packs! We appreciate your support and loyalty to Upper Deck! This was just a small way for us to say thank you!, null, This is probably the coolest thing we've seen someone do with an Upper Deck card this year., null, Congrats to Bill G.! His amazing, classic mullet has scored him 5 packs of Upper Deck's 2014-15 SPx Hockey cards for our Throwback Thursday promotion.

Thanks to everyone (and their mullets) for participating!, Man, we are getting some good submissions so far! Think you can top these mullets?

CHECK OUT THE BLOG TO ENTER: www.UpperDeckBlog.com, Happy Throwback Thursday! Have an old picture of yourself with a mullet that could possibly give Jaromír Jágr and Bob McGill a run for their money? PROVE IT! For your chance to score FREE packs from Upper Deck.

Check out our blog post for details on how to enter., Check out the history of Upper Deck dinosaur trading cards including rare fossil cards. We have a whole new set of incredible dinosaur cards coming out this summer at the same time as several Hollywood dinosaur-themed blockbusters!, 2014-15 @NHL Upper Deck Series Two is in stores today. Check out some of the awesome cards you can find and look for some surprise content in packs!, Ready for a Rip ROOOOAAAARRRING good time?  2015 Upper Deck Dinosaurs is here October 28th and there’s a bounty of cool cards for collectors of all ages to chase!  We start off with our 150-card base sporting almost photo-realistic art that will have you doing double takes.  Find our amazing looking “3-D Lenticulars” chase cards falling at a generous rate of 4 per box, with hard-signed Artist Auto variations limited to 49 copies per.  Each hobby box will also include an “Age of the Dinosaurs” embroidered patch, including rare high-series cards.  Also in every hobby box, find one hand-drawn Sketch Card, including rare multi-panel versions!  Look for rare “Predator of the Seas” shadow-box card seeded one in every two hobby boxes.  Kids will love the “Stickers”, falling between four and five per hobby box.  Finally, look for some big chase cards including our rare “ROAR!!!” audio booklet cards and “Authentic Fossil Relics”.  That’s right, actual dinosaur bones!!!  Make no bones about it, Upper Deck Dinosaurs will be something the whole family can enjoy., Product Highlights:
Limited Rookies Auto Patch (#’d to 50 or less)
LeBron James 03-04 SPA Tribute Autographs (#’d to 10)
Rookie Extended Series Red and Emerald Autograph Parallels (#’d to 225 or less)

Arrival Date: April 8, 2015

Configuration:
4 cards per pack
20packs per box
12 boxes per case

Set Breakdown:
Regular Cards – 50
Authentic Moments – 20
Authentic Moments Duals – 5
Rookie Extended Series – 25

Box Break Summary:
Three (3) Autographs per box!
Including one (1) Future Watch Rookie Autograph #’d to 475 or less!
Look for Limited Rookie Autograph Patch cards #’d to 50 or less!
Look for LeBron James 2003-04 SPA Tribute Autographs #’d to 10! Featuring:
Johnny Manziel
Maria Sharapova
Danica Patrick
Georges St-Pierre
And more!
Eight (8) Rookie Extended Series cards per box!
Look for Red (#’d to 50 or less) and Emerald (#’d to 225 or less) autograph parallels!

Look for autographs from rookies and legends like:

Michael Jordan
LeBron James
Shaquille O’Neal
Stephen Curry
Aaron Gordon
Mitch McGary
Elfrid Payton
Nikola Mirotic
Julius Erving
Larry Bird
Magic Johnson
& Many More!

Collect the entire 100-card set including the 25 Authentic Moments cards highlighting some of the biggest moments in college basketball history!

And look for LOTS of surprises!, Thanks to everyone who stopped by Stevens Creek Sports Cards this morning to celebrate Upper Deck's National Hockey Card Day, play some free pack wars and win some AWESOME prizes- including two tickets to tonight's NHL Stadium Series game!, Collect the first HARD-SIGNED autographs from the 2015 Rookie Class!

Every card in the pack is hard-signed with an inscription autograph! 

Collect the entire checklist of up to 100 different rookies!

Configuration:
4 cards per pack
1 pack per box
8 boxes per inner shipper
2 Inner Shippers per case

Arrival Date: March 11, 2015

  
Every pack delivers 4 autographs!
üIncludes three (3) base silver autographs and 1 limited #’d autograph parallel
Red #’d to 149 or less
Black #’d to 25
Gold #’d to 10

*Note - There was a typo on packaging that lists gold autographs in 2015 Upper Deck Inscriptions Football are numbered to 1, when in fact they are numbered to 10. They were solicited as being numbered to 10 and all the gold autographs will be numbered to 10 copies. We apologize for any confusion this packaging typo may have caused., Did you know tomorrow is National Hockey Card Day? You can get FREE NHL Upper Deck packs throughout the nation just by visiting these participating retailers: http://upperdeck.com/nhcd/nhcd-usa.html

Get your free packs and then get home to enjoy the Stadium Series!, 2014-15 Upper Deck Series 2 hits the shelves next week packed to the brim with exciting content. To start thing off, we have the highly anticipated Young Guns Rookie Card of Jonathan Drouin, along with other rising stars such as David Pastrnak, John Klingberg, Darnell Nurse, Sven Andrighetto, Kevin Hayes, Derrick Pouliot, Melker Karlsson, Andrei Vasilevskiy, Bo Horvat and Andre Burakovsky. The 150-card UD Canvas Series 2 set is highlighted by 30 new Canvas Young Guns, 15 Retired Greats and 15 Team Canada Program of Excellence cards (including 2014 WJC Gold Medal winning stars Sam Reinhart, Anthony Duclair and Curtis Lazar). UD Game Jersey and Rookie Materials cards combine to deliver at a rate of two cards per hobby box, and they parallel out to patch variations numbered to 15 and 25 respectively.  We finish up our long-running Hockey Heroes insert with the 2010’s grouping, including hard-signed versions. Also, look for 42 all-new O-Pee-Chee Update cards including 30 Rookie Cards featuring the likes of Aaron Ekblad, Jonathan Drouin and Johnny Gaudreau  Also look for Red Border parallels of these cards falling at a rate of one per case.  To continue our celebration of 25 years of Upper Deck hockey cards, we’ve included 1990-91 High Series Buybacks numbered to 25, with 15 autographed players including Pavel Bure and Felix Potvin RC’s.  New this year, we’ve brought back UD Portraits, including Rookies, Legends and Veterans with parallels numbered as low as 25 and 5.  Also making a return is our 500 Goal Club cards and new to the mix, 1000 Point Club autograph and jersey cards.  Are there any Easter Eggs?  Guess you’ll have to wait till Feb. 25th to find out!, Upper Deck has locked up the big names in the upcoming draft. Check out who we've got and get a first look at 2015 Inscriptions Football where every card will be hard-signed, include an inscription and be printed on an incredible metallic foil board! Look for it March 11!, FREE Hockey packs throughout the United States this Saturday for National Hockey Card Day. Check out why this shop owner loves the promotion and is encouraging fans to stop in!, See the 2014-15 NHL Upper Deck Series 2 Young Guns rookie checklist with images of top prospects like John Klingberg, Jonathan Drouin and David Pastrňák!, Time for another #TBT Create a Caption promotion! Score FREE packs of #NHCD USA cards by including a caption of this Alex Ovechkin card on our blog., Score FREE tickets to the NHL Stadium Series Game between the San Jose Sharks & Los Angeles Kings this Saturday morning at Stevens Creek Sports Cards! Other great prizes up for grabs as well!, Happy President's Day fans! We've made a variety of incredible presidential trading cards over the years, but these (and this collector's story) are some of our favorites., These two Hall-of-Famers (Michael Jordan & Magic Johnson) combined to play in 26 NBA All-Star games. The dual signed 1987 All-Star Match Up piece is coming soon limited to just 25 copies!!!, A short and sweet message from Wayne Gretzky on National Hockey Card Day!, This are the reasons why National Hockey Card Day is such an important event for the trading card industry. Go out and enjoy the hobby today in Canada and on 2/21 in the USA!, Time to break-fast in Canada! It's Upper Deck's National Hockey Card Day! Get FREE NHL cards throughout Canada today! Visit upperdeck.com/nhcd to see a full list of participating retailers!, Hobby Shops share some of the ways they will be celebrating National Hockey Card Day with fans! It is going to be a great day to be a collector!, National Hockey Card Day is this Saturday in Canada and next Saturday in the USA. Check out details on how you can get FREE NHL packs!!!, This week's #TBT Create the Caption promotion features John Tavares for your chance to score FREE National Hockey Card Day packs! #NHCD

Leave your comical captions on the blog!, Valentine’s Day is coming up, and what better way to show some LOVE than buying that special someone a box of 2014-15 SPx Hockey coming out February 12th!  SPx is back BIGGER and BRIGHTER than ever!  This year, every box includes FOUR Autograph, Memorabilia or Premium Inserts, highlighted by at least one Spectrum Light FX Red Autograph Rookie Jersey or Spectrum Light FX Red Autograph Rookie numbered as low as 199.  These cards parallel out to Spectrum Light FX Inscribed Rookie Auto Patches (Blue numbered to 50 and Green to 10).  Shadow Box cards are back falling around 1 per case, along with SUPER RARE On-Card signed versions.   Also look for the return of Flashback Fabrics to complete your base set, and find patch variations too!  New to this year’s set is our 1997-98 SPx Retro 90-card set (60 veterans dropping at 1:4.5 and 30 rookies dropping at 1:9).  These Die-Cut Holographic Light FX cards also have Gold tinted Grand Finale parallels #’d to 50 (just like back in the day)!  Finally, every box will feature a one-card “Bonus Pack” of SPx Finite Rookies featuring a 42-card base set numbered 299 or less with an autograph parallel set.  Look out for the checklist on other social media sites, or check out our website at midnight tonight to find it there.

Configuration:
4 cards per pack
12 packs per box (plus 1 Bonus Pack)
8 boxes per inner
2 inners per case
Product Arrival Date: February 4, 2015

Product Highlights:
Get 4 Autograph, Memorabilia or Premium Hits per Box!
(NEW) Light FX PMG-Style RC Autos!
One (1) or more per Box!
60 Top Prospects (18 Autos #’d to 249, 30 Auto Jsys #’d to 499 & 12 Auto Jsys #d to 249)!
Blue & Green parallels, #’d to 50 & 10, respectively (incl. Inscriptions)
(NEW) 1997-98 SPx Retros!
Massive 90-card set (60 veterans and 30 rookies)!
Six (6) cards per box (two of which are Rookies)
Including 120 pt. thick Grand Finale parallels
(NEW) SPx Finite Phenoms Bonus Packs
One (1)  one-card pack per box
42 Top Prospects
Cards #’d of 499, 199 & 99 per
Including  1-2 Autos per inner!

Box Break: (on average)
Four (4) 1997-98 SPx Retro
Two (2) 1997-98 SPx Retro Rookies
Three (3) High-Series Foil Rookies
One (1) Light FX Auto Rookie (#’d of 499 or less)
Two (2) Relic Cards (unless displaced by Grand Finale)
One (1) Additional Hit per Box
Light FX Rookie Auto Red (#’d of 249)
Light FX Inscribed Rookie Auto Blue (#’d of 50)
Light FX Inscribed Rookie Auto Green (#’d of 10)
High-Series Foil Rookie Inscribed Auto (#’d of 99)
Rookie Premier Materials Trios (1:192)
Rookie Premier Materials Patch (#’d of 75)
Rookie Premier Materials Combos Patch (#’d of 25)
Rookie Premier Materials Trios Patch (#’d of 15)
Winning Materials Patch (#’d of 25 or less)
Winning Combos Patch (#’d of 25 or less)
Flashback Fabrics Patch (#’d of 25)
1997-98 SPx Retro Grand Finale (#’d of 50)
Shadow Box (1:192)
Shadow Box Autos (1:TBD)
SPx Buyback Autos (1:TBD)
SPx Update Autos (1:TBD)

Case Break: (on average)
Sixteen (16) SPx Finite Bonus Packs
Sixteen (16) or More Light FX Red Rookie Autos
Two (2) or More Light FX Blue or Green Inscribed Rookie Autos
Two (2) or more Patch or Stick cards
One (1) or More Shadow Box
Three (3) or More 97-98 SPx Retro Grand Finale
Three (3) or More SPx Finite Phenoms Autos, Time for Throwback Thursday! In honor of the No.1 prospect for collegiate football heading to the Auburn Tigers- this week's TBT card features Bo Jackson!

Leave your comical comment on the blog to score FREE packs from Upper Deck., Do you like FREE NHL packs? The store listings for National Hockey Card Day have been posted! Plan out your day to visit as many shops and score as many NHCD packs as possible!, Collect the next generation of football stars with USA Football cards from Upper Deck!, Live Card Images, Upper Deck's new 2014-15 NCAA March Madness Collection Basketball IS IN STORES TODAY! Check out the exciting new Bracketology game where you can score awesome prizes based on how far your team advances., Got Hockey Rookie exchange cards from MVP, Fleer Ultra and/or Artifacts? Here are the final checklists with some advance images!, Are you ready for some FOOTBALL!? The Boston crew in the office sure is! Representing from the West Coast. GO New England Patriots! #Patriots #SB49, What a Happy Thursday it is! #TBT and Tiger Woods is back in action- playing in the Waste Management Phoenix Open today.

Leave your caption on the blog to score FREE swag from Upper Deck., Check out NHL Athletes signing and appearing for Upper Deck., Weren't able to make the NHL All-Star Weekend events? Check out what you missed!, See NHL® All-Stars like John Tavares, Shea Weber, Anže Kopitar, Carey Price #31, Tyler Seguin & Aaron Ekblad signing for Upper Deck during the 2015 NHL® All-Star Weekend!, Top finalists announced! Get your votes in for who you think is the #ULTIMATEFAN!, Check out all the awesome entries from the NHL All-Star #ULTIMATEFAN sweepstakes.

Top 3 finalists will be posted tomorrow morning and then the voting is turned over to YOU!, See Upper Deck surprise a young hockey fan from a military family with tickets to the NHL Fan Fair, All-Star Skills Game, All-Star Game and a VIP locker room tour., They say everything happens in threes, and Trilogy Hockey is back to prove that point, releasing Wednesday January 28th! The Rookie Premieres subset is limited to 33 top rookies with each subject featured on three unique cards (Level 1 Common #’d of 799, Level 2 Uncommon Auto #’d of 399 and Level 3 Rare Inscription Auto #’d of 49). New for this year, all of the Rookie cards and Base cards have Blue, Green and Black parallels numbered as low as 3 for veterans and 1-of-1 for the Inscribed Rookie Autos! Ice Scripts PLEXI cards are back with a checklist including legends like Wayne Gretzky and Steve Yzerman alongside veteran stars like Alex Ovechkin, Evgeni Malkin and Jaromir Jagr and rookie phenoms like Teuvo Teravainen! Signature Pucks return with a comprehensive checklist of 87 subjects including Sidney Crosby, Mario Lemieux and Wayne Gretzky (featured on the St. Louis Blues) alongside Rookie phenoms including Johnny Gaudreau, Aaron Ekblad and Jonathan Drouin!  Collect all 3 versions of these hard signed pucks for each player, featuring rare Retro Logo and NHL Shield variations #’d 15 and 3 copies per respectively! All-new for this year are Trilogy Tryptichs featuring 40 different themed 3-card pairings highlighting a wide array of memorabilia and autos for the NHL’s top stars and legends! Also, look for UD Crystal PLEXI cards featuring 20 veterans (#’d of 275 per) and 20 rookies (each with three photo variations #’d of 399, 249 and 125 per).
Configuration:
5 cards per pack
9 packs per box
Arrival Date: January 2015

Product Highlights:

The Power of THREE!
Three Rookie Card Subsets!
With 3 Awesome Parallels!
Numbered to 799, 399 (Autos) & 49 (Inscription Autos)!
Three Tiers of Crystal Premieres!
Twenty Top RC’s, Highlighted in Amazingly Collectible Fashion!
Collect Veteran Crystal too!
(NEW) Tryptich Relics!
Three Memorabilia or Auto Combinations lead to Amazing Hits – Single Players + Combos!
Signature Pucks Return!
Showcasing Autographs on top of Team Logos, Retro Logos and the NHL Shield!
Grab Popular Ice Scripts Too!
Trilogy’s Signature Big Hit!

Box Break: (on average)
Four (4) Numbered Chase Cards
Most Boxes will Feature 3 #’d RC’s
Including 1-of-1 Press-plates & Black //’s #’d to 3!
One (1) UD Crystal Plexi-Glass card
One (1) Numbered Rookie Auto
One (1) #’d Tryptich Relic
One (1) Additional Rookie or Tryptich Relic
One (1) Super-Premium Autograph
Including Ice Scripts, Signature Pucks & Tryptich Signatures

Inner Shipper Break: (on average)
Twelve (12) Autograph cards
Twelve (12) Tryptich Relics
Eight (8) Crystal Plexi-Glass Hits
Eight (8) Premium Autos
Highlighted by Ice Scripts, Signature Pucks & Tryptich Signatures

Product Highlights:
Three Levels of Autographed Rookie Cards!
Level 1, Level 2 Autos & Level 3 Inscribed Autos!
Numbered to 799, 399 & 49!
Triple the Rookie Impact!, Coach Cardman is fired up for NHL All-Star Weekend! 

We all know he is the #UltimateFan- the question is, are you? 

Search starts Thursday.

OFFICIAL RULES: upperdeck.com/ultimatefan, What happens when improv comedians open packs of new Upper Deck NHL hockey cards? Hilarity ensues. Check it out!, Upper Deck reveals plans for the 2015 NHL All-Star Fan Fair in Columbus, Ohio this week. Find out why you need to visit the Upper Deck booth!!!, Upper Deck celebrates 25 years of licensed NHL & NHLPA hockey cards with two parties in Ohio next week. If you are near Dayton or Cuyahoga Falls, you'll want to visit TCI Sports Fan or ALL-PRO SPORTSCARDS! Details below!, You may have seen some of the memorabilia in 2014-15 NHL SP Game-Used before, in the biggest games of 2014! Check out this incredible gallery!, Upper Deck recently sat down with the good folks at Beckett radio to talk about upcoming products and promotions. Give it a listen!, See why this Hockey Mom enjoys collecting cards with her kids!, Want the chance to score FREE packs from UD? Leave a witty comment on our blog for this week's Create the Caption promotion featuring Jim Harbaugh!, Valentine's Day is coming and we are looking to help a loyal collector come up with a fun way to pop the question. See what we have done before and let us know if you would be interested in working with us to get an "I do" from the woman you love almost as much as your card collection! Email us at UpperDeckMarketing@upperdeck.com if you are interested., Looking for the first licensed trading cards of football's brightest stars? Look no further than 2014 Upper Deck USA Football in stores today!, LIVE images of 2014 Upper Deck USA Football in stores now and available at upperdeckstore.com!, Configuration:
5 cards per pack
20 packs per box
20 boxes per case
Arrival: April 1, 2015

Product Highlights:
150-card Base set
Featuring 50 SP’s, falling 1 per Pack!
Get 5 Autograph cards per Box!
Look for top Future Star Sigs!
Find Manufactured Logo Patches!
Embroidered & Woven Patches!
Thirty Logos in All!
Grab Fun AHL Stickers!
Featuring Regular Team Logos, Alternate & Vintage Logos Too!

Box Break: (on average)
Five (5) Base Set Auto parallels
Twenty (20) Base Set SP’s
Featuring Bright Future Stars!
Three (3) AHL Team Stickers
At least 1 Alternate Sticker 

Case Break: (on average)
Six (6) Manufactured Logo Patches, Fans love FREE NHL packs for Upper Deck's National Hockey Card Day promotion. Make sure you are following our Upper Deck's National Hockey Card Day Facebook page so you can keep up to date with details on the event. We are sharing images of all the cards there this week!, null, Packers or Cowboys this weekend?

Either way be sure to leave your caption on the blog for this week's Jordy Nelson Throwback Thursday card for your chance to SCORE from Upper Deck., A 33-year-old rookie? Yes Philadelphia Flyers fans, the Zepper is getting an Upper Deck NHL rookie card!, Haven't opened hockey cards in awhile? See what you are missing courtesy of our friends at Clouts'n'Chara Sports Cards! All their best pulls from 2014!!!, See what being inducted into the Baseball Hall-of-Fame does to trading cards of Craig Biggio, John Smoltz, Pedro Martinez and Randy Johnson., Wanna see something cool? Check out this exclusive preview of the new 2014-15 NHL® SP Game-Used Hockey product arriving in stores on January 14!, ALL-NEW CONFIGURATION:
5 cards per pack
1 pack per box
10 boxes per case

Arrival January 14, 2015

Every 10-box inner case delivers (on average):
- One (1) Net Cord (Stanley Cup Finals, Winter Classic, Heritage Classic or Stadium Series) - #’d of 35 or less
- One (1) Rookie Star Autograph card (Drouin, Ekblad, Reinhart or Gaudreau)
- One (1) Premium Memorabilia Card (primarily derived from the sets noted below)
o Authentic Fabric Sixes Patch // (#’d of 6)
o Supreme Gloves (#’d of 12)
o Supreme Patches (#’d of 12)
o Supreme Sticks (#’d of 12)
o Game Gear (#’d of 3)
o Heritage Classic Material Net Shield Logo (#’d of 1)
o Heritage Classic Material Net Skirt Shield Patch (#’d of 3)
o Stadium Series Material Commemorative Patch (#’d of 8)
o Stadium Series Material Commemorative Tag (#’d of 10)
o Stadium Series Material Game Used Pucks (1:280 packs)
o Stanley Cup Finals Material Game Used Pucks (1:208 packs)
o Stanley Cup Finals Material Net Shield Logo (#’d of 1)
o Stanley Cup Finals Material Net Skirt Shield Patch (#’d of 3)
o Winter Classic Material Commemorative Patch (#’d of 8)
o Winter Classic Material Game Used Pucks (1:845 packs)
o Winter Classic Material Net Shield Logo (#’d of 1)
- One (1) Premium Autograph Card(primarily derived from the sets noted below)
o Base Set Veteran 1-of-1 Autos
o Base Set Rookie 1-of-1 Autos
o Base Set Blue Foil Auto //’s – premium players (Brodeur, Crosby, Gretzky, Lemieux, Messier, Orr, Ovechkin, Selanne, Toews, Yzerman)
o Draft Day Marks Rookies (#’d of 35) – premium players (Draisaitl, Drouin, Teravainen) *
o Draft Day Marks Veterans (#’d of 10) – premium players (Bernier, Duchene, Eberle, Fleury, Toews)
o Inked Sweaters (#’d up to 99 per) – premium players (Crosby, Hull, Roy, Yzerman)
o Inked Sweaters Patch //’s (#’d up to 10 per)
o Inked Rookie Sweaters Patch //’s (#’d of 49 per) – premium players (Burakovsky, Draisaitl, Drouin, Ekblad, Gaudreau, Reinhart, Teravainen) *
o 2013-14 Stanley Cup Net Skirt Auto Updates (1:120 packs)
* Autos that appear within this requirement for Drouin, Ekblad, Gaudreau and Reinhart do NOT count against the one per Inner Case Rookie Star Auto requirement noted above.

Every 5-card pack delivers:
- One (1) Autograph Card
- Four (4) additional Auto or Memorabilia Cards (unless displaced by a Base Set Veteran or Rookie Card)

Noteworthy Autograph Sets Include:
- Base Set Veteran 1-of-1 Auto //’s
- Base Set Rookie 1-of-1 Autos //’s
- Inked Sweaters (#’d up to 99 per)
- Inked Sweaters Patch // (#’d up to 10 per)
- Inked Rookie Sweaters (#’d of 149)
- Inked Rookie Sweaters Patch // (#’d of 49)
- Draft Day Marks Rookies (#’d of 35 per)
- Draft Day Marks Veterans (#’d of 10 per)

Noteworthy Memorabilia Sets Include:
- Base Set Gold Spectrum Prime Materials //’s (#’d up to 99)
- Authentic Fabric Trios Patch //’s (#’d of 15)
- Authentic Fabric Quads Patch //’s (#’d of 10)
- Authentic Fabric Sixes Patch //’s (#’d of 6)
- Career Legacy Patch //’s (#’d b/wn 25-99 per)
- Game Gear (#’d of 3)
- Supreme Patches (#’d of 12)
- Supreme Sticks (#’d of 12)
- Supreme Gloves (#’d of 12)
- Heritage Classic Material Net Cord (#’d of 35 per)
- Heritage Classic Material Net Skirt Shield Patch (#’d of 3)
- Stadium Series Material Jersey (1:2 packs)
- Stadium Series Material Patch (#’d up to 99 per)
- Stadium Series Material Commemorative Patch // (#’d of 8)
- Stadium Series Material Commemorative Tags (#’d of 10)
- Stadium Series Material Game Used Pucks (1:280 packs)
- Stadium Series Material Net Cord – Dodgers Stadium (#’d of 25 per)
- Stadium Series Material Net Cord – Soldier Field (#’d of 25 per)
- Stanley Cup Finals Material Game Used Pucks (1:208 packs)
- Stanley Cup Finals Material Net Cord (#’d of 35)
- Stanley Cup Finals Material Net Skirt Shield Patch (#’d of 3)
- Winter Classic Material Jersey (1:15 packs)
- Winter Classic Material Patch (#’d up to 99 per)
- Winter Classic Material Commemorative Patch // (#’d of 8)
- Winter Classic Material Game Used Pucks (1:845 packs)
- Winter Classic Material Net Cord (#’d of 35)

Noteworthy Retired Signers Include:
- Pavel Bure
- Wayne Gretzky
- Mario Lemieux
- Mark Messier
- Bobby Orr
- Patrick Roy
- Teemu Selanne
- Steve Yzerman

Noteworthy Active Veteran Signers Include:
- Martin Brodeur
- Sidney Crosby
- Claude Giroux
- Jaromir Jagr
- Nathan MacKinnon
- Evgeni Malkin
- Rick Nash
- Alex Ovechkin
- Tyler Seguin
- Steven Stamkos
- John Tavares
- Jonathan Toews

Noteworthy Rookie Signers Include:
- Andre Burakovsky
- Leon Draisaitl
- Jonathan Drouin
- Aaron Ekblad
- Johnny Gaudreau
- Bo Horvat
- Evgeny Kuznetsov
- Curtis Lazar
- Jori Lehtera
- Sam Reinhart
- Jiri Sekac
- Teuvo Teravainen

Noteworthy First NHL-Licensed Cards:
- Adam Clendening *
- Shayne Gostisbehere
- Seth Griffith
- Kevin Hayes *
- Bo Horvat *
- Kerby Rychel *
* Asterisk indicates autograph cards included

Noteworthy First NHL-Licensed Autos:
- Leon Draisaitl (autos)
- Anthony DuClair (autos) 
- Jori Lehtera (autos)
- Jeri Sekac (autos), Looking for FREE tickets to the 2015 NHL Winter Classic? We have two chances for you to score them on Tuesday, 12/30!, See how Upper Deck surprised 25 random collectors with a free hobby box during the holidays as part of our Random Acts of Kindness promotion!, Merry Christmas fans! Many of you will wake to find Upper Deck collectibles under your Christmas trees. Please share with us what you get and thanks for continuing to make UD the Collector's Choice!, What would an Upper Deck NHL nativity scene look like? Here you go!, Happy #TBT and Happy Holidays! Leave your caption on the blog for your chance to score from UD.

upperdeckblog.com/upper-deck-throwback-thursday-create-the-caption-promotion-kevin-garnett/, Exciting honor for Upper Deck!, Some of the best NHL players never had an Upper Deck Young Guns rookie card and for our 25th Anniversary of producing hockey cards, we decided to do something about that., In stores today is Upper Deck's 2014 SP Authentic Football. Check out images of the product right here!, Bailey stopped by the Upper Deck booth to check out our UD Series 1 Hockey at the Staples Center for Team LA Store #StadiumSeries jersey unveiling!, LIVE IMAGES FROM 2014 SP AUTHENTIC FOOTBALL!, What happens when a collector makes his first trip to the National Sports Collectors Convention? Check this out!, Check out this Q&A with Upper Deck's director of Product Development; Grant Sandground., upperdeckstore.com/flash-sale, Today is the day! It's our 12th day of holiday savings and there are over 80 items at incredible deals up for grabs! Get the perfect gift for the sports fan in your life TODAY!, LeBron James vs Kevin Durant tonight. Who will take home the win?

Leave a caption on LeBron's throwback card on the UD blog for your chance to score from Upper Deck. #TBT

http://upperdeckblog.com/2014/12/upper-deck-throwback-thursday-create-the-caption-promotion-lebron-james-3/, Check out these amazing LeBron James game-used sneakers on display at UD Headquarters!, Looking at new basketball trading card products? Here's ten compelling reasons to check out UD Letterman Basketball in stores today!, LIVE IMAGES from 2014-15  Upper Deck Letterman Basketball! Don't miss it!, Looking for the best gifts to go in on as a group for the sports fans on your list this holiday season? Check out these recommendations!, Thanks to Nathan MacKinnon for taking some time to sign his 2013-14 NHL SP Authentic Future Watch Rookie cards this afternoon. He will be signing the remaining SP Authentic cards after the first of the year as they had to be reprinted. Thanks to fans for their patience on these. Shall not be much longer until they are in your hands if you have a redemption registered with us!, We asked, collectors responded. Check out which Upper Deck items collectors are most hoping to receive from loved ones this holiday season!, The only time during the year where our premium products are available at the lowest prices. #12DaysXmas, Upper Deck announces Martin Brodeur's first trading cards with the St. Louis Blues will come in 2014-15 NHL SPx releasing on February 4, 2015! Check out details here!, Neat story about what it is like to collect Upper Deck Golf trading cards in Japan., Brittany and Bre work in our marketing department and sit next to each other. Brittany loves the New England Patriots while Bre loves the San Diego Chargers. Brittany went to lunch today and Bre did a little redecorating. Here's what happened..., 2014-15 Black Diamond is here, and for our Final Sneak Peek we’re showing you mock-ups of some of the most sought after and valuable cards that Upper Deck has ever made.  The Rookie Gems Quad Diamond Relics are BACK!  Picking up the checklist of cards 226-250, each one of these 1 of 1 Rookie Gem cards contains FOUR 1 carat Princess Cut Diamonds.  You thought our Ruby, Orange, Sapphire and Emerald parallels were shiny, wait till you see how shiny four diamonds can be.  To support how stacked these cards are, we had to create one of our thickest hockey cards ever just to contain the awesomeness.  Like last year, we will be doing a LIVE broadcasted Draft for all of our redemption holders around the middle of April.  Don’t miss your chance to get your Golden Ticket., It's important to not always get caught up in the values of cards in your collection and appreciate things like the design, photography and stories the cards tell. Here is a fun example of that from author and Sportsnet anchor Ken Reid., For GivingTuesday Upper Deck employees rolled up our sleeves and gave blood to the San Diego Blood Bank. How are you giving back today?, Upper Deck offers fans 12 special days of discounts leading into the holidays. Check every day to capture great savings on the world's greatest memorabilia. Details here!, upperdeckstore.com/12-days-christmas, What's it like to attend the Hockey Hall of Fame inductions? Check this out!, Thanks to all the fans who got out to visit new trading card shops for Small Business Saturday. These shops need your support. Make sure to visit your local card shop or authorized internet retailer this holiday season! http://upperdeckblog.com/2014/09/whats-the-best-way-to-purchase-new-upper-deck-trading-cards-online/, Sneak Peak #3 of 2014-15 Black Diamond hockey features an array of Spectrum Light FX parallels including Star Rubies (falling 1 per box, #’d to 50 per for veterans and 150 per Rookies), Emerald  and Sapphire. Look for the rare auto versions of the Emeralds (veterans #’d to 10 and Rookies to 25) and Sapphires (veterans #’d to 5 and Rookies to 10).  These cards, along with the Double Diamond Jersey Autos #’d to 5 per, Buyback Autos and Update Autos, fall at a rate of 1 in every 6 boxes.   Look for the 1st mainstream,  NHL licensed autographs of many of this year’s rookie class including Aaron Ekblad, Sam Reinhart and Curtis Lazar among others.  Additionally, every sealed 12-box hobby case will feature an additional unsigned Emerald or Sapphire parallel. Of note, the lineup of autograph cards in this product features some active and retired stars that have had only a handful of signed cards issued in recent years including P.K. Subban, Henrik Lundqvist, Tuukka Rask, Marian Hossa and Steven Stamkos. We’re just days away. Hope you saved some of your Holiday shopping money for one of our nicest looking products this year!, See some of the great sports items available at hefty discounts for Cyber Monday!, Cyber Monday starts now! Come check out the savings for the sports fans in your life!, upperdeckstore.com/cyber-monday, null, What will be the first item in your cart? 

Upper Deck #blackfriday sale going on NOW!, This Thanksgiving we are thankful for our collectors. Your passion drives us to bring you the best. Thank you for your support! What Upper Deck card are you most thankful for?, You've got to see these cards, WOW!, Any UD collectors growing mustaches for Movember? See how bad our added facial hair looks!, In select retail blaster boxes, you can collect more than just awesome Upper Deck hockey cards. Check this out!, Upper Deck is thankful for the people who helped get you involved in the hobby of collecting cards. Who are those special people who got you involved?, null, Shake down the thunder: UD partners with Notre Dame!, Arrival Date: December 10, 2014

Configuration:
4 cards per pack
10packs per box
12 boxes per case
Set Breakdown:
Veterans – 50 cards
Premier Rookies – 30 cards (#’d to 999)
Product Highlights:
Monumental Logo Patches
Championship Banners
Home Court Stars
Rookie Premier Lettermen

Box Break Summary:
Two (2) Autographs per box!
Includes one (1) Lettermen Auto from rookies and legends like:
Michael Jordan, LeBron James, Larry Bird, Paul George, Aaron Gordon, Elfried Payton, Nik Stauskas, Doug McDermott, Dariio Saric, Shabazz Napier, and more!
1-2 Memorabilia cards per box!  From unique inserts like:
Monumental Logo Patches (#’d to 50 or less)
Championship Banners (#’d to 125 or less)
Retired Numbers (#’d to 99 or less)
Home Court Stars (1:15)
Six (6) base card parallels #’d to 499 or less per box!
Includes Blue, Silver and Gold parallels!
Collect cool inserts like Home Court Stars!
Look for Autographed parallels and logo variations!
Championship Banner Patch cards commemorating past national title winners!
Retired Numbers
Including rare autograph parallels!, They say everything happens in threes, and Trilogy Hockey is back to prove that point, releasing Wednesday January 28th! The Rookie Premieres subset is limited to 33 top rookies with each subject featured on three unique cards (Level 1 Common #’d of 799, Level 2 Uncommon Auto #’d of 399 and Level 3 Rare Inscription Auto #’d of 49). New for this year, all of the Rookie cards and Base cards have Blue, Green and Black parallels numbered as low as 3 for veterans and 1-of-1 for the Inscribed Rookie Autos! Ice Scripts PLEXI cards are back with a checklist including legends like Wayne Gretzky and Steve Yzerman alongside veteran stars like Alex Ovechkin, Evgeni Malkin and Jaromir Jagr and rookie phenoms like Teuvo Teravainen! Signature Pucks return with a comprehensive checklist of 87 subjects including Sidney Crosby, Mario Lemieux and Wayne Gretzky (featured on the St. Louis Blues) alongside Rookie phenoms including Johnny Gaudreau, Aaron Ekblad and Jonathan Drouin!  Collect all 3 versions of these hard signed pucks for each player, featuring rare Retro Logo and NHL Shield variations #’d 15 and 3 copies per respectively! All-new for this year are Trilogy Tryptichs featuring 40 different themed 3-card pairings highlighting a wide array of memorabilia and autos for the NHL’s top stars and legends! Also, look for UD Crystal PLEXI cards featuring 20 veterans (#’d of 275 per) and 20 rookies (each with three photo variations #’d of 399, 249 and 125 per).
Configuration:
5 cards per pack
9 packs per box
Arrival Date: January 2015

Product Highlights:

The Power of THREE!
Three Rookie Card Subsets!
With 3 Awesome Parallels!
Numbered to 799, 399 (Autos) & 49 (Inscription Autos)!
Three Tiers of Crystal Premieres!
Twenty Top RC’s, Highlighted in Amazingly Collectible Fashion!
Collect Veteran Crystal too!
(NEW) Tryptich Relics!
Three Memorabilia or Auto Combinations lead to Amazing Hits – Single Players + Combos!
Signature Pucks Return!
Showcasing Autographs on top of Team Logos, Retro Logos and the NHL Shield!
Grab Popular Ice Scripts Too!
Trilogy’s Signature Big Hit!

Box Break: (on average)
Four (4) Numbered Chase Cards
Most Boxes will Feature 3 #’d RC’s
Including 1-of-1 Press-plates & Black //’s #’d to 3!
One (1) UD Crystal Plexi-Glass card
One (1) Numbered Rookie Auto
One (1) #’d Tryptich Relic
One (1) Additional Rookie or Tryptich Relic
One (1) Super-Premium Autograph
Including Ice Scripts, Signature Pucks & Tryptich Signatures

Inner Shipper Break: (on average)
Twelve (12) Autograph cards
Twelve (12) Tryptich Relics
Eight (8) Crystal Plexi-Glass Hits
Eight (8) Premium Autos
Highlighted by Ice Scripts, Signature Pucks & Tryptich Signatures

Product Highlights:
Three Levels of Autographed Rookie Cards!
Level 1, Level 2 Autos & Level 3 Inscribed Autos!
Numbered to 799, 399 & 49!
Triple the Rookie Impact!, ALL-NEW CONFIGURATION:
5 cards per pack
1 pack per box
10 boxes per case

Arrival January 14, 2015

Every 10-box inner case delivers (on average):
- One (1) Net Cord (Stanley Cup Finals, Winter Classic, Heritage Classic or Stadium Series) - #’d of 35 or less
- One (1) Rookie Star Autograph card (Drouin, Ekblad, Reinhart or Gaudreau)
- One (1) Premium Memorabilia Card (primarily derived from the sets noted below)
o Authentic Fabric Sixes Patch // (#’d of 6)
o Supreme Gloves (#’d of 12)
o Supreme Patches (#’d of 12)
o Supreme Sticks (#’d of 12)
o Game Gear (#’d of 3)
o Heritage Classic Material Net Shield Logo (#’d of 1)
o Heritage Classic Material Net Skirt Shield Patch (#’d of 3)
o Stadium Series Material Commemorative Patch (#’d of 8)
o Stadium Series Material Commemorative Tag (#’d of 10)
o Stadium Series Material Game Used Pucks (1:280 packs)
o Stanley Cup Finals Material Game Used Pucks (1:208 packs)
o Stanley Cup Finals Material Net Shield Logo (#’d of 1)
o Stanley Cup Finals Material Net Skirt Shield Patch (#’d of 3)
o Winter Classic Material Commemorative Patch (#’d of 8)
o Winter Classic Material Game Used Pucks (1:845 packs)
o Winter Classic Material Net Shield Logo (#’d of 1)
- One (1) Premium Autograph Card(primarily derived from the sets noted below)
o Base Set Veteran 1-of-1 Autos
o Base Set Rookie 1-of-1 Autos
o Base Set Blue Foil Auto //’s – premium players (Brodeur, Crosby, Gretzky, Lemieux, Messier, Orr, Ovechkin, Selanne, Toews, Yzerman)
o Draft Day Marks Rookies (#’d of 35) – premium players (Draisaitl, Drouin, Teravainen) *
o Draft Day Marks Veterans (#’d of 10) – premium players (Bernier, Duchene, Eberle, Fleury, Toews)
o Inked Sweaters (#’d up to 99 per) – premium players (Crosby, Hull, Roy, Yzerman)
o Inked Sweaters Patch //’s (#’d up to 10 per)
o Inked Rookie Sweaters Patch //’s (#’d of 49 per) – premium players (Burakovsky, Draisaitl, Drouin, Ekblad, Gaudreau, Reinhart, Teravainen) *
o 2013-14 Stanley Cup Net Skirt Auto Updates (1:120 packs)
* Autos that appear within this requirement for Drouin, Ekblad, Gaudreau and Reinhart do NOT count against the one per Inner Case Rookie Star Auto requirement noted above.

Every 5-card pack delivers:
- One (1) Autograph Card
- Four (4) additional Auto or Memorabilia Cards (unless displaced by a Base Set Veteran or Rookie Card)

Noteworthy Autograph Sets Include:
- Base Set Veteran 1-of-1 Auto //’s
- Base Set Rookie 1-of-1 Autos //’s
- Inked Sweaters (#’d up to 99 per)
- Inked Sweaters Patch // (#’d up to 10 per)
- Inked Rookie Sweaters (#’d of 149)
- Inked Rookie Sweaters Patch // (#’d of 49)
- Draft Day Marks Rookies (#’d of 35 per)
- Draft Day Marks Veterans (#’d of 10 per)

Noteworthy Memorabilia Sets Include:
- Base Set Gold Spectrum Prime Materials //’s (#’d up to 99)
- Authentic Fabric Trios Patch //’s (#’d of 15)
- Authentic Fabric Quads Patch //’s (#’d of 10)
- Authentic Fabric Sixes Patch //’s (#’d of 6)
- Career Legacy Patch //’s (#’d b/wn 25-99 per)
- Game Gear (#’d of 3)
- Supreme Patches (#’d of 12)
- Supreme Sticks (#’d of 12)
- Supreme Gloves (#’d of 12)
- Heritage Classic Material Net Cord (#’d of 35 per)
- Heritage Classic Material Net Skirt Shield Patch (#’d of 3)
- Stadium Series Material Jersey (1:2 packs)
- Stadium Series Material Patch (#’d up to 99 per)
- Stadium Series Material Commemorative Patch // (#’d of 8)
- Stadium Series Material Commemorative Tags (#’d of 10)
- Stadium Series Material Game Used Pucks (1:280 packs)
- Stadium Series Material Net Cord – Dodgers Stadium (#’d of 25 per)
- Stadium Series Material Net Cord – Soldier Field (#’d of 25 per)
- Stanley Cup Finals Material Game Used Pucks (1:208 packs)
- Stanley Cup Finals Material Net Cord (#’d of 35)
- Stanley Cup Finals Material Net Skirt Shield Patch (#’d of 3)
- Winter Classic Material Jersey (1:15 packs)
- Winter Classic Material Patch (#’d up to 99 per)
- Winter Classic Material Commemorative Patch // (#’d of 8)
- Winter Classic Material Game Used Pucks (1:845 packs)
- Winter Classic Material Net Cord (#’d of 35)

Noteworthy Retired Signers Include:
- Pavel Bure
- Wayne Gretzky
- Mario Lemieux
- Mark Messier
- Bobby Orr
- Patrick Roy
- Teemu Selanne
- Steve Yzerman

Noteworthy Active Veteran Signers Include:
- Martin Brodeur
- Sidney Crosby
- Claude Giroux
- Jaromir Jagr
- Nathan MacKinnon
- Evgeni Malkin
- Rick Nash
- Alex Ovechkin
- Tyler Seguin
- Steven Stamkos
- John Tavares
- Jonathan Toews

Noteworthy Rookie Signers Include:
- Andre Burakovsky
- Leon Draisaitl
- Jonathan Drouin
- Aaron Ekblad
- Johnny Gaudreau
- Bo Horvat
- Evgeny Kuznetsov
- Curtis Lazar
- Jori Lehtera
- Sam Reinhart
- Jiri Sekac
- Teuvo Teravainen

Noteworthy First NHL-Licensed Cards:
- Adam Clendening *
- Shayne Gostisbehere
- Seth Griffith
- Kevin Hayes *
- Bo Horvat *
- Kerby Rychel *
* Asterisk indicates autograph cards included

Noteworthy First NHL-Licensed Autos:
- Leon Draisaitl (autos)
- Anthony DuClair (autos) 
- Jori Lehtera (autos)
- Jeri Sekac (autos), Uber-Prospect Jonathan Drouin’s delayed debut didn’t leave us enough time to get his RC’s into 2014-15 Upper Deck Series 1. The unexpected absence in our flagship product resulted in some serious additional firepower for 2014-15 Black Diamond, of which will be the first product to contain his NHL-licensed RC’s and inserts.
In this second installation of Sneak Peek previews for 2014-15 Black Diamond, on sale at hobby shops throughout Canada and the U.S. on December 3rd, we’re excited to share with you a full slate of Drouin’s actual “live” cards including his Quad Diamond Rookie Gems RC, Orange parallel (seeded exclusively in Hobby Bonus Packs), Star Rubies parallel (#’d to 150), Emerald Auto parallel (#’d to 25), Sapphire Auto parallel (#’d to 5) and Lustrous Rookies insert (1:240)., Valentine’s Day is coming up, and what better way to show some LOVE than buying that special someone a box of 2014-15 SPx Hockey coming out February 12th!  SPx is back BIGGER and BRIGHTER than ever!  This year, every box includes FOUR Autograph, Memorabilia or Premium Inserts, highlighted by at least one Spectrum Light FX Red Autograph Rookie Jersey or Spectrum Light FX Red Autograph Rookie numbered as low as 199.  These cards parallel out to Spectrum Light FX Inscribed Rookie Auto Patches (Blue numbered to 50 and Green to 10).  Shadow Box cards are back falling around 1 per case, along with SUPER RARE On-Card signed versions.   Also look for the return of Flashback Fabrics to complete your base set, and find patch variations too!  New to this year’s set is our 1997-98 SPx Retro 90-card set (60 veterans dropping at 1:4.5 and 30 rookies dropping at 1:9).  These Die-Cut Holographic Light FX cards also have Gold tinted Grand Finale parallels #’d to 50 (just like back in the day)!  Finally, every box will feature a one-card “Bonus Pack” of SPx Finite Rookies featuring a 42-card base set numbered 299 or less with an autograph parallel set.  Look out for the checklist on other social media sites, or check out our website at midnight tonight to find it there.

Configuration:
4 cards per pack
12 packs per box (plus 1 Bonus Pack)
8 boxes per inner
2 inners per case
Product Arrival Date: February 4, 2015

Product Highlights:
Get 4 Autograph, Memorabilia or Premium Hits per Box!
(NEW) Light FX PMG-Style RC Autos!
One (1) or more per Box!
60 Top Prospects (18 Autos #’d to 249, 30 Auto Jsys #’d to 499 & 12 Auto Jsys #d to 249)!
Blue & Green parallels, #’d to 50 & 10, respectively (incl. Inscriptions)
(NEW) 1997-98 SPx Retros!
Massive 90-card set (60 veterans and 30 rookies)!
Six (6) cards per box (two of which are Rookies)
Including 120 pt. thick Grand Finale parallels
(NEW) SPx Finite Phenoms Bonus Packs
One (1)  one-card pack per box
42 Top Prospects
Cards #’d of 499, 199 & 99 per
Including  1-2 Autos per inner!

Box Break: (on average)
Four (4) 1997-98 SPx Retro
Two (2) 1997-98 SPx Retro Rookies
Three (3) High-Series Foil Rookies
One (1) Light FX Auto Rookie (#’d of 499 or less)
Two (2) Relic Cards (unless displaced by Grand Finale)
One (1) Additional Hit per Box
Light FX Rookie Auto Red (#’d of 249)
Light FX Inscribed Rookie Auto Blue (#’d of 50)
Light FX Inscribed Rookie Auto Green (#’d of 10)
High-Series Foil Rookie Inscribed Auto (#’d of 99)
Rookie Premier Materials Trios (1:192)
Rookie Premier Materials Patch (#’d of 75)
Rookie Premier Materials Combos Patch (#’d of 25)
Rookie Premier Materials Trios Patch (#’d of 15)
Winning Materials Patch (#’d of 25 or less)
Winning Combos Patch (#’d of 25 or less)
Flashback Fabrics Patch (#’d of 25)
1997-98 SPx Retro Grand Finale (#’d of 50)
Shadow Box (1:192)
Shadow Box Autos (1:TBD)
SPx Buyback Autos (1:TBD)
SPx Update Autos (1:TBD)

Case Break: (on average)
Sixteen (16) SPx Finite Bonus Packs
Sixteen (16) or More Light FX Red Rookie Autos
Two (2) or More Light FX Blue or Green Inscribed Rookie Autos
Two (2) or more Patch or Stick cards
One (1) or More Shadow Box
Three (3) or More 97-98 SPx Retro Grand Finale
Three (3) or More SPx Finite Phenoms Autos, Collect the first basketball SPx Rookie Autographed Jersey cards since 2008-09!
Every pack contains either an autograph, memorabilia card, Finite card, or Hologram card! 
Configuration:
5 cards per pack
10 packs per box
8 boxes per inner shipper
2 Inner Shippers per case
Regular Set:
Base Cards – 75 cards
Product Highlights:
SPx Rookie Auto Jerseys – #’d to 475 or less
SPx Finite Rookies and Legends 
#’d to 799 or less
Includes Radiance and Spectrum Parallels!
UD Premier Rookie Auto Jerseys - #’d to 75 or less
Winning Big Materials, Combos, and Trios
Arrival Date: January, 2015

Get at least one (1) Rookie Auto Jersey card per box! 
PMG technology with memorabilia!
Red #’d to 475 or less
Blue #’d to 30
Green #’d to 1
Box Break Summary:
Get one (1) hit in every pack!
2-3 Autographs in every box!
Includes 1 Rookie Auto Jersey
1-2 Memorabilia card per box!
3 Finite Rookies or Legends per box!
3 Hologram cards per box!

Case Break Summary:
Four (4) UD Premier Football Bonus Packs!
#’d to 75 or less
Each pack has an autographed memorabilia card that is incremental to the box!
2 per inner shipper

Case Break Summary:
Four (4) UD Premier Football Bonus Packs!
#’d to 75 or less
Each pack has an autographed memorabilia card that is incremental to the box!
2 per inner shipper

Three (3) SPx Finite Rookies or Legends per box!
#’d to 799 or less
Look for Radiance and Spectrum Parallels

Three (3) SPx Finite Rookies or Legends per box!
#’d to 799 or less
Look for Radiance and Spectrum Parallels

SuperScripts and SPx Signatures each fall 1:90
Look for die-cut autograph parallels #’d to 3!, Catch the first-ever licensed trading cards of top prospects like Samje Perine who just set the NCAA mark for most rushing yards in a game for Okalahoma, Jon Hillman from Boston College who has already logged 11 TD's on the season and Justin Jackson, the standout running back for Northwestern with 8 TD's on the year thus far!

Configuration:
12 cards per pack
18 packs per box
12 boxes per case
Set Breakdown:
USA Football U-19 – 54 cards
USA Football U-18 – 49 cards
USA Football U-17 Duals – 44 cards 
Football Canada U-19 – 58 cards

Box Break Summary:
Get an unbelievable FOURTEEN (14) hits per box!!  Includes:
Eleven (11) Autographs
Two (2) Game-worn jersey cards
One (1) Game-worn patch card (#’d to 50)
Case Break Summary:
Get six (6) hard-signed Signing Day Signatures
Includes inscriptions!

Collect the entire 198-card set featuring over 50 top NCAA D-1 recruits from the US and Canada!

Look for autographs and game-used memorabilia from future college and pro superstars like:
Samaje Perine - RB
Jon Hillman - RB
Justin Jackson - RB
Saeed Blacknall - WR
Greer Martini - LB
Tajee Fullwood - CB
Nick Ruffin - CB
James Mayden - WR
Charles Nelson - WR
Harrison Phillips - DE
and many more!, Check out Wayne Gretzky talking about the game from a recent Upper Deck event at the Hockey Hall-of-Fame!, Trading card shops have fun names like Perfectly Centered, Hot Wax and ATTACK OF THE BASEBALL CARDS. If you were opening a trading card shop, what would you name it?, Shop SMALL! Visit these new shops for Small Business Saturday on November 29 and score cool Upper Deck items!, 2014-15 Black Diamond is here, and for our Final Sneak Peek we’re showing you mock-ups of some of the most sought after and valuable cards that Upper Deck has ever made.  The Rookie Gems Quad Diamond Relics are BACK!  Picking up the checklist of cards 226-250, each one of these 1 of 1 Rookie Gem cards contains FOUR 1 carat Princess Cut Diamonds.  You thought our Ruby, Orange, Sapphire and Emerald parallels were shiny, wait till you see how shiny four diamonds can be.  To support how stacked these cards are, we had to create one of our thickest hockey cards ever just to contain the awesomeness.  Like last year, we will be doing a LIVE broadcasted Draft for all of our redemption holders around the middle of April.  Don’t miss your chance to get your Golden Ticket., Want to score FREE packs? Check this out!, Notice anything odd with your 2014-15 NHL Young Guns cards? Time to go back through them to see if you pulled any of these super short print NCAA tribute cards!, Incorporate Upper Deck trading cards in your holiday decorations very easily. Check this out!, UD is celebrating our 25th consecutive NHL and NHLPA licensed trading card release with 2014-15 NHL Upper Deck Series One. Over the last 25 years, what are the best hockey cards you think we have produced???, UD went all out to provide fans with a memorable experience as the company celebrates 25 consecutive years of Upper Deck NHL trading cards!, Curious what was pulled at the Fall Expo? Check out these amazing cards & memorabilia items fans scored at the show!, See some of the things Upper Deck does to engage younger collectors and cultivate the next generation of collectors!, Time for #TBT! Leave a comical caption on the Upper Deck blog of a throwback trading card of Phil Kessel for your chance to score from Upper Deck.

http://upperdeckblog.com/2014/11/upper-deck-throwback-thursday-create-the-caption-promotion-phil-kessel/, What's it like to pull the best rookie card of the year? Ask this guy!, Last week's 'Create the Caption' Promotion winner for Throwback Thursday, John. J. has shared his love of trading cards to the next generation! John opened his 2014-15 UD Hockey Artifacts packs of cards with his baby daughter, Josie. They scored an amazing Ducks triple relic card which became Josie's first ever hockey card! According to John, "her hand was shaking from excitement" and it will be the first of many for her collection.

Keep the tradition going, John!, See how UD brought loyal fans up close and personal with one of the greatest hockey players of all-time!, null, Upper Deck works with timcarrollart to create a memorable tribute to Cpl. Nathan Cirllo for Remembrance Day made entirely from hockey cards., On Veteran's Day, enjoy one of our favorite stories involving a veteran and true Heroic Inspiration; Doc Jacobs., null, Happy #TBT! Join Upper Deck in celebrating 25 years of hockey with a card from the 1990-91 hockey. Caption the photo on the Upper Deck blog for your chance to SCORE.

http://upperdeckblog.com/2014/11/upper-deck-throwback-thursday-create-the-caption-promotion-jaromir-jagr/, Every Thursday Upper Deck takes a look back at some popular cards from the past. Go to www.upperdeckblog.com/?s=throwback+thursday to make a funny comment about each card. You could score from Upper Deck.  In the captions are some of the best comments left by fans., Configuration:
5 cards per pack
Set Breakdown:
Regular Legends – 13 (2:1)
Regular Rookies – 13 (2:1)
College Updates – 15 (1:1)
Autograph Cards – 26 (1:7)

College Update cards allow fans to add to their previously released sets:
Found 1 per pack!
Updates for Upper Deck Alabama Football, North Carolina Basketball, Notre Dame Football, Oklahoma Football & Texas Football!
15 new cards to collect!

Product Highlights:
Look for rare autograph cards of top college stars!
Michael Jordan, Frank Thomas, Phil Kessel, Tony Gwynn, Jason Kidd, Peyton Manning, Tiger Woods, Bishop Sankey, Johnny Manziel, Teddy Bridgewater & more!

Arrival October, 2014, LIVE images from 2013-14 Exquisite Collection Basketball!, Come meet Ken Reid at the 2014 Fall Sportscard & Memorabilia this Saturday at the Upper Deck booth as he signs copies of his new book; "Hockey Card Stories.", In an effort to continue to deliver incredible content to our basketball fans, we were able to secure LeBron James authentic game-worn St. Vincent-St. Mary high school jersey. Upper Deck scored the jersey at auction last November and quickly put into plans a way to have it incorporated into the company’s most premium basketball release; 2013-14 Exquisite Collection Basketball.

Some of the most sought after cards in the set each year are the tribute cards to the 2003-04 Exquisite Collection Rookie cards. We thought this would be the perfect home to first use this incredible jersey. There are 35 total cards available and as a special preview for the release we are pleased to show imagery of all the completed signed cards! Don’t miss 2013-14 Exquisite Collection Basketball when it releases this November!, Upper Deck has something special in store for basketball fans with 2013-14 Exquisite Collection Basketball! Check out this cool LeBron James content!, null, Our fourth and final Sneak Peek of UD1 hockey features an array of rare memorabilia and autograph cards including the long-awaited update to the popular A Piece of History 500 Goal Club insert (1:3,456 hobby), the all-new A Piece of History 1,000 Point Club cards (1:1,152 hobby), the long-standing UD Game Patch (#’d of 15, hobby-only) and our celebratory 25th Anniversary Autographed Buybacks (#’d of 25 per, hobby-only)., Scariest. Halloween. Costume. Ever.

Friends don't let friends pack search. Upper Deck works to make it harder on guys like this by including decoy cards in packs. Still, it's very scary that there are guys like this out there., Do you want to be the most popular house on the block for Halloween? Give packs of Upper Deck cards to the kids and help share the hobby with the next generation of collectors! Post pictures on our timeline if you do! Who knows, for your good works you could score an Upper Deck Random Acts of Kindness mail day!, • Our third Sneak Peek is all about the rookies! Though uber-prospect Jonathan Drouin made his NHL debut too late for inclusion in UD1, the Young Guns checklist is highlighted by the first-ever true Rookie Cards of the top three picks in the 2014 draft . . . Aaron Ekblad, Sam Reinhart and Leon Draisaitl! Not to be outdone, the rare Canvas Young Guns (1:48 hobby) are in high demand from rookie collectors and set builders alike.  
•, See how Upper Deck brought smiles to local children during the Halloween season this year by donating thousands of packs. Trick or Trade!, null, Happy #TBT! Who's excited for College Football this weekend? Leave your caption on our throwback College Football trading card for your chance to SCORE from Upper Deck., Check out these great sports card, memorabilia and gaming shops to visit around Atlanta!, • Sneak Peek #2 for UD1 hockey focuses on some of the more compelling chase cards including the 60-card Shining Stars insert (split amongst a variety of hobby and retail offerings, making for a tricky set to complete), the ever-popular, hobby-exclusive  Clear Cut acetate inserts (limited to 100 or fewer serial #’d copies per card, seeded at a rate of one per case) and the ultra-rare Day with the Cup cards, providing collectors with truly unique off-ice photography of last season’s champions., • Our first Sneak Peek for Upper Deck Series One Hockey focuses on the veterans within the 200-card base set and 90-card Canvas “set-within-a-set”. Every year, the base set brings a slew of new imagery capturing dynamic action alongside unique portraits. The popular Canvas set ups the ante with amazing photography not only on the front of these cards, but we give you another round of original photographic awesomeness on the backs., ESPN talks about Upper Deck's new 2013-14 Exquisite Collection Basketball that is made with the sneaker collector in mind. Take a look!, Upper Deck is thrilled to deliver the first-ever cards created especially for the sneaker collector with “Signature Kicks” set to arrive on 11/5 in 2013-14 Exquisite Collection Basketball.

Upper Deck has been creating cards with game-used shoes embedded in them going back to the late ‘90’s. With the “Signature Kicks” line of cards, we wanted to really do something different and cater the line of cards directly to the sneaker collector community. We sourced for collectible sneakers of top basketball stars that sneakerheads were passionate about. Additionally, we wanted to use practically every aspect of the shoe into the design of the cards. This would mean creating cards that were much thicker than had ever been done before in order to incorporate all the cool elements of the collectible shoes into the card. In fact the cutting and construction of these cards involved over 16 months of research & development with our team and our vendors. The Monumental Laces cards in particular were a very exciting challenge. At ½” thick, these were some of the heftiest cards we have ever produced. The depth of the laces and eyelet area presented a challenge along with tightening the laces enough to squeeze both sides of the eyelets onto the face of one card. Seeing the end result on cards we are preparing to share with the public is extremely satisfying.

In terms of design, we built strategies for the various designs of the cards after procuring the sneakers and reviewing them as a team. We wanted to let the shoes be the focus of the card, not the teams or even the players. Keeping in line with the individual style sneaker fans appreciate, we looked for imagery that lent itself to those collectors. We depict the athletes in their youth and older, or just showing off their individual style. And of course, Michael Jordan and LeBron James are exclusive signers for Upper Deck., Upper Deck issues a statement on the collegiate trading card category., UD reveals BIG plans for fans attending the 2014 Fall Expo. Don't miss it!, It's Throwback Thursday! Corey Perry of the Anaheim Ducks lit up the goal last with this 2nd hat trick of the season- let's look at one of his Throwback Upper Deck cards and caption the photo for your chance to SCORE!, Upper Deck's 2014 Conference Greats Football releases today! Check out this exclusive interview with ESPN on the set!, Exquisite Collection Basketball is back and you've never seen cards like these before. There are several new innovative insert sets you will have to see to believe and we worked hard to deliver quality imagery our basketball fans will appreciate. Loaded with tons of content from Upper Deck exclusive spokesmen Michael Jordan and LeBron James, this is one release you will not want to miss. Catch 2013-14 Exquisite Collection Basketball in early November!, We’ve heard the questions loud and clear over the past few months regarding the mysterious lack of Sidney Crosby autographed cards. As you can see from the stunning cards on display, we’re happy to report that Sidney has delivered a dynamic selection of signed cards for this year’s Cup. Unfortunately, his cards made it back to our facilities a few days after we finished hand-building our tins, but rest assured Crosby’s Cup redemptions (along with a slew of older redemptions) are ready to be fulfilled shortly., The greatest hockey trading card product of the year is coming this Fall, don't miss it!!!, Upper Deck is thrilled to deliver the first-ever cards created especially for the sneaker collector with “Signature Kicks” set to arrive on 11/5 in 2013-14 Exquisite Collection Basketball.

Upper Deck has been creating cards with game-used shoes embedded in them going back to the late ‘90’s. With the “Signature Kicks” line of cards, we wanted to really do something different and cater the line of cards directly to the sneaker collector community. We sourced for collectible sneakers of top basketball stars that sneakerheads were passionate about. Additionally, we wanted to use practically every aspect of the shoe into the design of the cards. This would mean creating cards that were much thicker than had ever been done before in order to incorporate all the cool elements of the collectible shoes into the card. In fact the cutting and construction of these cards involved over 16 months of research & development with our team and our vendors. The Monumental Laces cards in particular were a very exciting challenge. At ½” thick, these were some of the heftiest cards we have ever produced. The depth of the laces and eyelet area presented a challenge along with tightening the laces enough to squeeze both sides of the eyelets onto the face of one card. Seeing the end result on cards we are preparing to share with the public is extremely satisfying.

In terms of design, we built strategies for the various designs of the cards after procuring the sneakers and reviewing them as a team. We wanted to let the shoes be the focus of the card, not the teams or even the players. Keeping in line with the individual style sneaker fans appreciate, we looked for imagery that lent itself to those collectors. We depict the athletes in their youth and older, or just showing off their individual style. And of course, Michael Jordan and LeBron James are exclusive signers for Upper Deck., In a rookie class that drew upon two-years-worth of players, the sensational Nathan MacKinnon ended up head-and-shoulders ahead of his competition for the hobby’s most collectible rookie. We slowed down the NHL’s quickest skater just long enough to sign a treasure trove of Cup cards. BTW - if you’re looking for his Rookie Auto Patch #’d of 99, you’ve got one more day to wait (but it’ll be well worth it)., Upper Deck Strengthens Basketball Lineup by Inking Exclusive Deal with Euroleague Basketball, Just . . . wow! It takes a lot to create cards that legitimately can be referenced as legitimate contenders for some of the finest memorabilia cards ever made, but we feel the cards on display here without a doubt fit the bill. You know you’re making some cool cards when legends like Paul Coffey add inscriptions (completely unsolicited by us) to describe what they think of the cards their signing! When it comes to The Cup, consumers demand to be blown away and these Monumental Emblems (veterans serial #’d between 1-3 copies per, Rookies limited to five serial #’d copies per) bring the heat!, Some of the big hitters are on display today with 1-of-1 Black Foil Auto Tags, the ever-popular Property Of stick nameplate  cards (highlighted by a killer lineup of not one, but two different Gretzky’s, Crosby, Ovechkin and some unbelievable vintage pieces in the form of Doug Harvey and Jean Beliveau (seriously). This year’s lineup of Shield cards includes some stunning dual-panel and triple-panel combos!, Never has one football conference had a line of trading cards dedicated totally to them, until now. Get a live look at 2014 Upper Deck Conference Greats Football!, What do you think this card will ultimately sell for? Quite a golf card indeed!, The greatest hockey trading card product of the year is coming this Fall, don't miss it!!!, Upper Deck is proud to provide you with exclusive access to the greatest player in the history of the sport . . . the one and only Wayne Gretzky! ’13-14 The Cup features an amazing selection of on-card autographs and stunning game-used memorabilia for the Great One!, Happy #ThrowbackThursday! In honor of Upper Deck's "Day with The Cup" yesterday, we thought it was only appropriate to put a throwback card up of Patrick Kanen his day with The Cup. Leave your comical captions on the blog for your chance to SCORE!, Very exciting to have the Stanley Cup visit Upper Deck headquarters today. See what happened!, A noticeable upgrade for ‘13-14 can be found with the Gold Spectrum Foil Rookie Variations. Limited to a mere 25 serial #’d copies per, these popular cards have also sported all-new card images in past years. For ’13-14, however, all cards have been upgraded with on-card autographs! Not to be outdone, the Black Foil Tag parallels to the base set Rookie Auto Patches are back, serial #’d to a scant three copies per card sporting an array of sweet tag swatches (including some mini shields)! Today’s gallery also includes some beautiful Scripted Swatches, Scripted Sticks and Cup Foundations cards., TOP 5 FINALISTS have been chosen! #UDMANCAVE, Release Date: Early November

Configuration:
8 cards per pack
24 packs per box
12 boxes per case

Product Highlights:
Don’t miss a beat, Young Guns Always Deliver!
The return of A Piece of History 500 Goal Club cards . . . plus all-new A Piece of History 1,000 Point Club cards (including rare Auto parallels)!
Clear Cut cards include all-new Clear Cut Captains (#’d of 100) alongside popular Stoppers (#’d of 100), Foundations (#’d of 25) and mega-rare League Leaders (#’d of 10)
UD Canvas
120-card set-within-a-set featuring 30 scarce (1:48) Young Guns cards!
Look for hard-signed Jonathan Toews Canvas Auto #’d to 19!
UD Game Jersey . . . look for Group A SP’s and Patch parallels #’d to 15

Box Break: (on average)
Six (6) Young Guns
Two (2) UD Game Jersey cards
Four (4) UD Canvas
Two (2) Hockey Heroes 2000’s
Three (3) Shining Stars
One (1) Shining Stars Gold Rainbow //

Case Break: (on average)
Clear Cut (acetate) insert
Signature Sensations
Also, 2 out of every 3 hobby boxes delivers a big hitter . . .                                     a.k.a. 8 great cards in every 12 box case!
Including – A Piece of History Jersey & Auto Jersey, Day With The Cup, Exclusives Spectrum //’s, Hockey Heroes Autos, Buybacks & More Spectacular Hits!, null, Day #3 of our Cup Pack Out pics focuses on Rookie Auto Patches from the base set. This year’s RAP subset features 90 subjects (84 #’d to 249 per and six SP’s #’d to 99). All 30 teams are represented with between one and six players per. Philadelphia and Colorado are the lone one-player teams (but Colorado’s player is a pretty good one that you’ll need to wait a few more days to see his RC’s in all their glory). Anaheim and Montreal both max out at six rookies per (led by John Gibson, Alex Galchenyuk and Brendan Gallagher)., Arrival Date: October 22, 2014

Configuration:
8 cards per pack
24packs per box
12 boxes per case
Set Breakdown:
Regular Cards – 86
Schedule Cards – 14
Base Set Hi Series Legends - 20
Base Set Hi Series Rookies – 20
Memorable Moments – 10
Alumni Stars – 10 

Capture the history and prestige of conference supremacy!
Includes a comprehensive look at players from the best football schools in the country!
Alabama
Arkansas
Auburn
Florida
Georgia
Kentucky
LSU
Mississippi
Mississippi State
Missouri
South Carolina
Tennessee
Texas A&M
Vanderbilt

Box Break Summary:
One (1) Autograph card
Two (2) Memorabilia cards
One (1) oversized Jumbo box topper
Look for rare autographed versions!
Twelve (12) inserts from:
Base Set Hi Series Legends
Base Set Hi Series Rookies
Memorable Moments
Alumni Stars

Autographs from superstars like:
Johnny Manziel, Mike Evans, Aaron Murray, Zach Mettenberger, Odell Beckham Jr., Michael Sam, Peyton Manning, Hines Ward, Matthew Stafford, Nick Saban, Joe Namath, Bo Jackson, Herschel Walker, Phillip Fulmer, and many more!

Collect patch cards with different levels of rarity:
School Pride Tier 1 – 1:96
School Pride Tier 2 – 1:180
Rivalry – 1: 576
Stars – 1:1,152
Oversized JumboBox toppers!, Look for a big upgrade with this year’s Gold Foil Patch parallels to the base set. The cards are still limited to 10 serial #’d copies per, sporting beautiful patches . . . but we wanted to give consumers more bang for their buck by adding on-card autos! Other longstanding inserts like Emblems of Endorsement and Honorable Numbers have enjoyed a fresh design makeover to highlight the on-card signatures and patches (with a nice selection of vintage swatches). The popular Crosby Tributes are back too alongside Notable Nameplates (with a handful of stars, including Crosby, packed out as an entire set within one tin)!, We start off our 10 day extravaganza of The Cup pack out with a beautiful selection of a Cup mainstay . . . the ever-popular Limited Logos! This year’s Limited Logos checklist spans some 80 different players, incorporating stars of yesteryear (with some killer vintage patches) alongside today’s superstars and top rookies., Upper Deck gets an exclusive interview with Jaden Schwartz of the St. Louis Blues who scored in the season opener last night wearing a new jersey number. Find out why he made the change., Heading to the 2014 Fall Sportcard & Memorabilia Expo in Toronto this November? Here's one great reason why you should!, It's Throwback Thursday! Give this Logan Couture card a caption on the Upper Deck Blog and you could score!!! #TBT
, Exquisite Collection Basketball is back and you've never seen cards like these before. There are several new innovative insert sets you will have to see to believe and we worked hard to deliver quality imagery our basketball fans will appreciate. Loaded with tons of content from Upper Deck exclusive spokesmen Michael Jordan and LeBron James, this is one release you will not want to miss. Catch 2013-14 Exquisite Collection Basketball in early November!, Hockey season officially starts today and what better way to celebrate a new season than with the release of 2014-15 NHL Artifacts in stores now! Check out the set!, Upper Deck starts off the NHL season by recognizing a deserving mother & son with a Random Acts of Kindness mailday! Check out what they got!, Basketball collectors will certainly get a kick out of these new Michael Jordan Signature Kicks cards! Catch your first look here!!!, Release Date: 10/8/14

Configuration:
•	4 cards per pack
•	10 packs per box
•	16 boxes per case
	Product Highlights:
•	More low #’d Auto & Game-Used hits than ever!
•	Rookie Redemptions . . . Plus Autos #’d of 99!
•	(NEW) Stick-to-Stick Duos and Trios!
	With low-numbered Stick-to-Stick Tape versions, plus Triples too!
	Case Break: (on average)
On average, every other box will have one (i.e. avg. 8 per case) . . . 
	Auto Rookie Redemptions #’d of 99
	Memorabilia Base Set Parallels #’d to 15 or less!
	Auto or Auto-Memorabilia Base Set parallels #’d of 12 or less!
	Base Set Black parallels #’d of 5
	Memorabilia Inserts #’d to 18 or less!
	Tundra Sixes (1:160 packs)
	Top 12 Rookie Sigs (1:480 packs)
	Buyback Autos #’d of 25 or less
	ALL-NEW Stick-to-Stick Duos (1:480) and Trios (1:360)
	Box Break: (on average)
	One (1) Auto or Auto-Mem card
	One 1) Multi-Player memorabilia
	Two (2) Single-Player memorabilia
	One (1) Rookie Redemption card
	One (1) Parallel #’d of 99 or less
	Four (4) Subsets #’d of 999 (or Ruby parallel #’d of 499)
	On avg., 7 out of every 10 boxes will have a card featuring either a patch, strap, stick, tag or six-swatch jersey!, Recently Upper Deck staff took a little time to give back to Feeding America here in San Diego. See how it went and find out more about this great charity!, Coming off the production line now are the new Canadian Football League cards! Canadian fans are in for a trading card experience like they have never seen before!, Release Date: 10/8/14

Configuration:
•	4 cards per pack
•	10 packs per box
•	16 boxes per case
	Product Highlights:
•	More low #’d Auto & Game-Used hits than ever!
•	Rookie Redemptions . . . Plus Autos #’d of 99!
•	(NEW) Stick-to-Stick Duos and Trios!
	With low-numbered Stick-to-Stick Tape versions, plus Triples too!
	Case Break: (on average)
On average, every other box will have one (i.e. avg. 8 per case) . . . 
	Auto Rookie Redemptions #’d of 99
	Memorabilia Base Set Parallels #’d to 15 or less!
	Auto or Auto-Memorabilia Base Set parallels #’d of 12 or less!
	Base Set Black parallels #’d of 5
	Memorabilia Inserts #’d to 18 or less!
	Tundra Sixes (1:160 packs)
	Top 12 Rookie Sigs (1:480 packs)
	Buyback Autos #’d of 25 or less
	ALL-NEW Stick-to-Stick Duos (1:480) and Trios (1:360)
	Box Break: (on average)
	One (1) Auto or Auto-Mem card
	One 1) Multi-Player memorabilia
	Two (2) Single-Player memorabilia
	One (1) Rookie Redemption card
	One (1) Parallel #’d of 99 or less
	Four (4) Subsets #’d of 999 (or Ruby parallel #’d of 499)
	On avg., 7 out of every 10 boxes will have a card featuring either a patch, strap, stick, tag or six-swatch jersey!, Have a Man Cave? Don't forget to enter the Ultimate Upper Deck Man Cave Sweepstakes for your chance to win UDA memorabilia featuring exclusive spokesmen Michael Jordan, LeBron James, Wayne Gretzky, Tiger Woods and Rory McIlroy ! #UDMANCAVE, It's Throwback Thursday! Give this George Brett Kansas City Royals card a caption and you could score!!!, So the Washington Capitals have a pretty incredible prospect named Stanislav Galiev. What makes him so special? Watch this!!!, Girls have been deprived of collectibles catered to their interests for too long now. Upper Deck is doing something about it. Check out our new line of 40th Anniversary Hello Kitty fun packs! Share some packs with girls you love today!, Fans sound off about their favorite Upper Deck cards. Which is your favorite???, Release Date: 10/8/14

Configuration:
•	4 cards per pack
•	10 packs per box
•	16 boxes per case
	Product Highlights:
•	More low #’d Auto & Game-Used hits than ever!
•	Rookie Redemptions . . . Plus Autos #’d of 99!
•	(NEW) Stick-to-Stick Duos and Trios!
	With low-numbered Stick-to-Stick Tape versions, plus Triples too!
	Case Break: (on average)
On average, every other box will have one (i.e. avg. 8 per case) . . . 
	Auto Rookie Redemptions #’d of 99
	Memorabilia Base Set Parallels #’d to 15 or less!
	Auto or Auto-Memorabilia Base Set parallels #’d of 12 or less!
	Base Set Black parallels #’d of 5
	Memorabilia Inserts #’d to 18 or less!
	Tundra Sixes (1:160 packs)
	Top 12 Rookie Sigs (1:480 packs)
	Buyback Autos #’d of 25 or less
	ALL-NEW Stick-to-Stick Duos (1:480) and Trios (1:360)
	Box Break: (on average)
	One (1) Auto or Auto-Mem card
	One 1) Multi-Player memorabilia
	Two (2) Single-Player memorabilia
	One (1) Rookie Redemption card
	One (1) Parallel #’d of 99 or less
	Four (4) Subsets #’d of 999 (or Ruby parallel #’d of 499)
	On avg., 7 out of every 10 boxes will have a card featuring either a patch, strap, stick, tag or six-swatch jersey!, Check out more details on Upper Deck's limited-edition 25th Anniversary set!, Todd Gurley had an incredible game on Saturday for the Georgia Bulldogs racking up over 200 yards and two touchdowns in the victory. Check out some of his best USA Football cards!, Happy 9th birthday to our good buddy and favorite Nebraska Cornhusker running back; Jack Hoffman! Send Jack your love on Twitter at @TeamJack or on Facebook at Team Jack!, Do you have any special techniques/superstitions to picking which box of Upper Deck cards you will select from your local card shop?, As his career draws to an end, the only question left to answer is which of these do you consider Derek Jeter's most iconic rookie card?, Who is ready for 2013-14 NHL The Cup? We start packing out the product this weekend!!!, There are some special redemption cards in 2014-15 NHL Fleer Ultra, see what they are good for!, It's time for #TBT! Leave your comical caption on Connor McDavid's Team Canada card on the UD Blog for your chance to SCORE from Upper Deck.
, Here's a nice ray of hope for Toronto Maple Leaf fans. Check out highly touted prospect William Nylander score his first goal. He's playing with Kadri and the two could be a huge tandem for the Leafs this season., UD talks about the company's Heroic Inspirations campaign at a recent marketing summit and surprises attendees with a special guest!, Looking to purchase new Upper Deck trading card products, but you don't have a local card shop nearby? Make sure you check out Upper Deck's network of Authorized Internet Retailers (AIR's) throughout the United States and Canada., Do you know someone who has an awesome Man Cave? Have them share it and they could score some amazing new Upper Deck signed memorabilia to make it even better! Check out Upper Deck's Man Cave Sweepstakes with five chances to win!, Cool story on Upper Deck's Heroic Inspirations campaigns., See why fans are so excited about opening 2014-15 NHL Fleer Ultra which lands in stores today! Also find out why it is a great product to open as a family!, To help celebrate Upper Deck's 25th Anniversary, we visited some great shops in the Pacific Northwest. Check out the story and let us know if you've every been to any of these Certified Diamond Dealers!, Cool interview with Ken Griffey Jr. talking about his memorabilia collection and the strangest autograph request he's ever had., Fleer Ultra hockey is BACK . . . coming to your local LCS on September 24th! Check out the first of several previews to be released in the next week or two right here, right now! Our first preview gives you a sneak peek at the base set cards, Medallion parallels, inserts and Fresh Ink autos! The base set features a selection of 200 active players (including a handful of holdover Rookies featuring phenoms likes Evgeny Kuznetsov and Teuvo Teravainen). All base set cards are printed on sturdy 24 pt. stock (33% thicker than the average UD1 card) with slick UV coating. Platinum Medallion parallels and most inserts are printed on mirrored foil board, with many sporting intricate perimeter die cut designs. Fresh Ink autos are a tough chase at 1 in every 120 hobby packs., Fleer Ultra hockey is BACK . . . coming to your local LCS on September 24th! Check out the first of several previews to be released in the next week or two right here, right now! Our first preview gives you a sneak peek at the base set cards, Medallion parallels, inserts and Fresh Ink autos! The base set features a selection of 200 active players (including a handful of holdover Rookies featuring phenoms likes Evgeny Kuznetsov and Teuvo Teravainen). All base set cards are printed on sturdy 24 pt. stock (33% thicker than the average UD1 card) with slick UV coating. Platinum Medallion parallels and most inserts are printed on mirrored foil board, with many sporting intricate perimeter die cut designs. Fresh Ink autos are a tough chase at 1 in every 120 hobby packs., #UDMANCAVE Sweepstakes is in FULL EFFECT. Head to Upper Deck Authenticated for all the details on how to WIN SIGNED UDA Memorabilia from our exclusive athletes! 

DON'T MISS OUT ON YOUR CHANCE TO SCORE, Fleer Ultra hockey is BACK . . . coming to your local LCS on September 24th! Check out the first of several previews to be released in the next week or two right here, right now! Our first preview gives you a sneak peek at the base set cards, Medallion parallels, inserts and Fresh Ink autos! The base set features a selection of 200 active players (including a handful of holdover Rookies featuring phenoms likes Evgeny Kuznetsov and Teuvo Teravainen). All base set cards are printed on sturdy 24 pt. stock (33% thicker than the average UD1 card) with slick UV coating. Platinum Medallion parallels and most inserts are printed on mirrored foil board, with many sporting intricate perimeter die cut designs. Fresh Ink autos are a tough chase at 1 in every 120 hobby packs., SAVE YOUR WRAPPERS!!!  O-Pee-Chee Red Wrapper Redemptions Card Packs are ready to be redeemed NOW!  , Configuration:
8 cards per pack
32 packs per box
12 boxes per case
Release: September 4, 2014

Product Highlights:
Fresh Content Additions for ’14-15!
Live Rookies – First shot at carryover Rookies!
O-Pee-Chee Trademark – Biggest set of  the Year!
(NEW) Mini Tall Boys become part of Wrapper Redemption program!
More than 50 players combine to deliver 1/pack – great chase to collect the set!

Box Break: (on average)
Thirty-Two (32) Retro parallels
Eight (8) Marquee Rookies
Eight (8) Marquee Legends
Eight (8) Rainbow Foil parallels
Ten (10) OPC Stickers
Two (2) OPC V Series A inserts

Case Break: (on average)
Four (4) Team Logo Patches
Including one High Series SP!
Two (2) OPC Signatures 
One (1) OPC Team Canada Signature
Find rare OPC Buyback Autos!
Ovechkin, Tavares, Stamkos & more!
Look for Sport Royalty on-card Autos!
Look for rare Black Bordered Hot Boxes

Wrapper Redemption:
Five (5 ) Red Border parallels
One (1) Mini Tall Boy

Product Highlights:
Great variety remains an O-Pee-Chee staple – from RC’s to Stickers, it appeals to a huge audience!

Team Logo Patches:
3rd and Final Year!
Finish the Whole Set!
6 different tiers of scarcity
Patches from 1917 to present day!
Look for rare, commemorative, vintage and cartoon patches!
Hobby exclusive . . .  4 per case
Perfect way to cap the mega-popular 300-patch set!, These are the real deal!  No mock-ups!  These beauties are live at your local LCS in t-minus 48 hours and counting!  , Configuration:
5 cards per pack
18 packs per box
12 boxes per case

Product Highlights:
1st Upper Deck card for many phenoms!
Including Connor McDavid, Jonathan Drouin, Aaron Ekblad,   Sam Reinhart & Sam Bennett!
Most Comprehensive Team Canada Juniors set ever!
Get 6 Autograph, Memorabilia or 1-of-1 Printing Plate Hits in Every Box!
 At least 1 will be an autographed patch #’d to 199 or less!
Collect Amazing Jumbo Patches that spell out C-A-N-A-D-A!
Also find Rare, Autographed Team Canada Flag cards! 
Look for Gold Patch parallels,  each #’d to 9 or less! 
Clear Cut acetate cards, #’d to 75 or less!

Box Break:
Six (6) Autograph, Memorabilia or  1-of-1 Printing Plate Hits
Within that Mix – 
One (1) Men’s Autograph Patch card, #’d to 199 or less
One (1) Dual, Trio, Quad or Jumbo Jersey card
3 Gold Sepia Base Set parallels
Six (6) Special Edition cards
18 Regular Card High-Series SP’s

Case Break:
Three to Four (3-4) Clear Cut acetate cards, #’d to 75 or less
Four (4) Special Edition Die-Cut Gold parallels, Fleer Ultra hockey is BACK . . . coming to your local LCS on September 24th! Check out the first of several previews to be released in the next week or two right here, right now! Our first preview gives you a sneak peek at the base set cards, Medallion parallels, inserts and Fresh Ink autos! The base set features a selection of 200 active players (including a handful of holdover Rookies featuring phenoms likes Evgeny Kuznetsov and Teuvo Teravainen). All base set cards are printed on sturdy 24 pt. stock (33% thicker than the average UD1 card) with slick UV coating. Platinum Medallion parallels and most inserts are printed on mirrored foil board, with many sporting intricate perimeter die cut designs. Fresh Ink autos are a tough chase at 1 in every 120 hobby packs., Configuration:
6 cards per pack
24 packs per box
8 boxes per inner shipper
2 inner shippers per case

Arrival is October 2014

Product Highlights:
Collect the entire 180-card Base Set!
Look for Star Rookies, falling 1 :4!
Also find SP’s on Defense and Special Teams!
Grab 2 UD Game Jersey cards per Box!
Also pull Game Jersey Patch parallels, #’d to just 15!
Look for rare SP1 and SP2 cards featuring CFL Legends Flutie and Moon!
Chase autograph versions too!
Find Great CFL Signatures!
Collect 2013 Grey Cup Highlights!

Box Break: (on average)
Six (6) Star Rookies
Twenty-Four (24) Defense/Special Teams SP’s
Two (2) UD Game Jerseys
Eight  (8) O-Pee-Chee Retros, Upper Deck Signs Multi-Year Deal to Become the Exclusive Trading Card Partner of the Canadian Football League and CFL Players' A, Upper Deck joins the battle against MS by producing a special Josh Harding "Heroic Inspirations" trading card for Harding's Hope! Look for versions with other inscriptions from the charity soon! , Check this out hockey fans!, For those who think sports doesn't play an critical role in the world and with healing after a tragedy watch this. Never forget 9/11., My all-time, favorite Upper Deck card is _________________., Ultimate Upper Deck Man Cave Sweepstakes is in full effect! Head over to the Upper Deck Authenticated page to receive all the details on how to enter to win UDA Memorabilia signed by our exclusive spokesmen; Michael Jordan, LeBron James, Tiger Woods, Rory McIlroy and Wayne Gretzky !!! #UDMANCAVE

Official Rules: http://bit.ly/ZgWmFQ , LIVE images from 2014 Flair Showcase, The mock-ups just don't do this product justice. If you are opening Flair Showcase today, show us some of your favorite hits on our timeline here! We'd love to see what you are enjoying with the product! Lots of exciting hits!, Configuration:
8 cards per pack
32 packs per box
12 boxes per case
Release: September 4, 2014

Product Highlights:
Fresh Content Additions for ’14-15!
Live Rookies – First shot at carryover Rookies!
O-Pee-Chee Trademark – Biggest set of  the Year!
(NEW) Mini Tall Boys become part of Wrapper Redemption program!
More than 50 players combine to deliver 1/pack – great chase to collect the set!

Box Break: (on average)
Thirty-Two (32) Retro parallels
Eight (8) Marquee Rookies
Eight (8) Marquee Legends
Eight (8) Rainbow Foil parallels
Ten (10) OPC Stickers
Two (2) OPC V Series A inserts

Case Break: (on average)
Four (4) Team Logo Patches
Including one High Series SP!
Two (2) OPC Signatures 
One (1) OPC Team Canada Signature
Find rare OPC Buyback Autos!
Ovechkin, Tavares, Stamkos & more!
Look for Sport Royalty on-card Autos!
Look for rare Black Bordered Hot Boxes

Wrapper Redemption:
Five (5 ) Red Border parallels
One (1) Mini Tall Boy

Product Highlights:
Great variety remains an O-Pee-Chee staple – from RC’s to Stickers, it appeals to a huge audience!

Team Logo Patches:
3rd and Final Year!
Finish the Whole Set!
6 different tiers of scarcity
Patches from 1917 to present day!
Look for rare, commemorative, vintage and cartoon patches!
Hobby exclusive . . .  4 per case
Perfect way to cap the mega-popular 300-patch set!, It's time for #TBT. Submit your captions on the Upper Deck Blog for the opportunity to score a complete 2014 NSCC exclusive card set!, Configuration:
8 cards per pack
32 packs per box
12 boxes per case
Release: September 4, 2014

Product Highlights:
Fresh Content Additions for ’14-15!
Live Rookies – First shot at carryover Rookies!
O-Pee-Chee Trademark – Biggest set of  the Year!
(NEW) Mini Tall Boys become part of Wrapper Redemption program!
More than 50 players combine to deliver 1/pack – great chase to collect the set!

Box Break: (on average)
Thirty-Two (32) Retro parallels
Eight (8) Marquee Rookies
Eight (8) Marquee Legends
Eight (8) Rainbow Foil parallels
Ten (10) OPC Stickers
Two (2) OPC V Series A inserts

Case Break: (on average)
Four (4) Team Logo Patches
Including one High Series SP!
Two (2) OPC Signatures 
One (1) OPC Team Canada Signature
Find rare OPC Buyback Autos!
Ovechkin, Tavares, Stamkos & more!
Look for Sport Royalty on-card Autos!
Look for rare Black Bordered Hot Boxes

Wrapper Redemption:
Five (5 ) Red Border parallels
One (1) Mini Tall Boy

Product Highlights:
Great variety remains an O-Pee-Chee staple – from RC’s to Stickers, it appeals to a huge audience!

Team Logo Patches:
3rd and Final Year!
Finish the Whole Set!
6 different tiers of scarcity
Patches from 1917 to present day!
Look for rare, commemorative, vintage and cartoon patches!
Hobby exclusive . . .  4 per case
Perfect way to cap the mega-popular 300-patch set!, What is hot in the world of signed memorabilia? Back-to-back major winner this season Rory McIlroy is the player everyone is talking about. Check out this story from the Golf Channel on UDA offerings for Rory McIlroy!, We just heard a story about a collector who lost their entire collection to theft. Remember to insure and protect your collectibles fans. Here are some great tips on doing so!, Want to see some awesome Michael Jordan signed Exquisite Golf cards? Well here you go!!!, Want to see something cool? Watch the newest crop of NHL rookies go through one of our photo stations at the 2014 NHLPA Rookie Showcase!, Coming in September, Upper Deck will be launching a promotion that will go all season long available as a gift with purchase at hobby shops. The College Colors Set will be awesome! Check out some of the cards available!

Catch the greatest players from football, basketball and golf!, The greatest hockey trading card product of the year is coming this Fall, don't miss it!!!, All of us here at Upper Deck are getting pumped up for the start of 2014 college football season. As we anticipate the upcoming release of Upper Deck’s Conference Greats Football Cards, we decided to throw it back to 1973 with a Woodrow Lowe National Champions Card- submit your caption on our blog for your chance to score from Upper Deck! #TBT , Canadian hockey collectors, this promo is all for you! Check it out!

And fret not American collectors, we will have a variety of promos for you this season as well. O-Pee-Chee is just a brand with a lot of Canadian heritage., Over the past few weeks many of our customers, partners and even employees have challenged staff here to take the ALS Ice Bucket Challenge. See what happens when several staff members take the plunge in honor of Pete Frates., Upper Deck’s hockey and marketing teams work very hard to make the NHLPA Rookie Showcase a memorable event every year. It is our first opportunity to spend time with future NHL® stars and also the first time many of them will wear their actual NHL® uniforms so to say it is a special event for all involved is an understatement.

The 2014 event was one of the best the NHLPA and Upper Deck have ever put on, primarily because all the participants were so great to work with. Collectors have some high-quality players to chase this season who are very conscious of how important their fans are to the game. You should expect big things from participants at the 2014 event like Vlad Namestnikov (Tampa Bay), Teuvo Teravainen (Chicago), Evgeny Kuznetsov (Washington), Aaron Ekblad (Florida), Sam Bennett (Calgary), Sam Reinhart (Buffalo) and more!

Day one at the NHLPA Rookie Showcase is pretty laid back. The guys start to come through after breakfast and we have a signing session with them where they provide autographs for new trading card sets, promotional items like pucks & sticks and they we have a photo session with them.

New this year, we worked with rookies on viral videos on Friday to help us introduce them in a fun way to fans. We also invited in Brad Krysko from CloutsNChara to open Upper Deck packs with the guys to get their thoughts on the hobby.

Friday night was very special as we held a private dinner at the Hockey Hall-of-Fame in the great hall for the players and some of their guests. 

Martin Biron addressed the young prospects on behalf of the NHLPA and shared thoughts on his career, what to expect in the NHL® and the importance of signing for Upper Deck and the fans. Then rookies we allowed to tour the Hall which was quite an exciting opportunity for many who had never been.

Of course, along the way, there was also fun to be had as Aaron Ekblad faced off against Upper Deck’s Drew Mills in the gaming area of the Hall. Not surprisingly, Drew did not fair well against the #1 pick in the 2014 NHL® Draft.

Day two began at the Mattamy Centre (the old Maple Leaf Gardens) with media interviews and many of these young stars were able to provide insight on their goals for the season and how they hope to fit in with their teams.

And then there were a variety of stations for the rookies to work through primarily to get photography of them in their team uniforms.

We also had stations set aside to acquire a few more autographs from them as well for those who were unable to finish the day prior.

The station rookies had the most fun at however was our video station where we again hope to create some fun videos to introduce these rookies to our fan base. They did trick shots and their best celebrations, but the thing that had everyone watching and laughing was when they worked with a figure skater we brought in to learn to be more graceful. The results and images we shared via Upper Deck’s Hockey Twitter account had fans wondering what was going on at this event.

During lunch rookies watched and laughed as they saw previous year’s videos from the event that Upper Deck has created for YouTube.

The highlight for them however had to be the shinny game at the end of the day where they go to do what they love; play hockey. It was awesome to watch these future stars give us a preview of what we can expect from this season. They all looked VERY good. It should be a great year to be a collector and NHL® fan!

Upper Deck selected one player to win a special Wayne Gretzky autographed shawdowbox memorabilia item and that went to Max Domi. Not only was Domi great on the ice and at various stations, he took time to sign for kids and Arizona fans should be excited to have him!, NHL prospects collect and enjoy trading cards a variety of different ways, just like you. Check out why and how they collect!, It was an amazing weekend at the 2014 NHLPA Rookie Showcase in Toronto. Check out everything that went down with this awesome new crop of rookies!, When is the last time you opened some packs with your dad or with your own kids? Our guess is that it has probably been too long. See why these fathers love collecting cards with their kids!, Make sure you are following @UpperDeckHockey on Twitter as we tweet live from the 2014 NHLPA Rookie Showcase in Toronto!, The 2014 NHLPA Rookie Showcase gets underway today in Toronto. Wondering what goes on at this annual event? Check this out!, Throwback Thursday Create the Caption Promotion!
, Interesting story coming out of the National in Cleveland. What do you think is the more sound investment; King James or Johnny Football?, Mock Up Card, Upper Deck was very saddened to hear about the passing of a collector and a friend; Joe Delguidice. We had a lot of good times with Joe over the years. He will be missed., Arrival Date: December 10, 2014

Configuration:
4 cards per pack
10packs per box
12 boxes per case
Set Breakdown:
Veterans – 50 cards
Premier Rookies – 30 cards (#’d to 999)
Product Highlights:
Monumental Logo Patches
Championship Banners
Home Court Stars
Rookie Premier Lettermen

Box Break Summary:
Two (2) Autographs per box!
Includes one (1) Lettermen Auto from rookies and legends like:
Michael Jordan, LeBron James, Larry Bird, Paul George, Aaron Gordon, Elfried Payton, Nik Stauskas, Doug McDermott, Dariio Saric, Shabazz Napier, and more!
1-2 Memorabilia cards per box!  From unique inserts like:
Monumental Logo Patches (#’d to 50 or less)
Championship Banners (#’d to 125 or less)
Retired Numbers (#’d to 99 or less)
Home Court Stars (1:15)
Six (6) base card parallels #’d to 499 or less per box!
Includes Blue, Silver and Gold parallels!
Collect cool inserts like Home Court Stars!
Look for Autographed parallels and logo variations!
Championship Banner Patch cards commemorating past national title winners!
Retired Numbers
Including rare autograph parallels!, Upper Deck makes some special memories for a great fan and his dog!, Very cool story of two friends who are chasing their dream to open up an upscale hobby shop in Nebraska. Any fans been by???, Fans of art cards are going to be blown away by what Upper Deck has in store for them in 2013-14 NHL Ultimate Collection! Check out these incredible hand-painted cards!, Listen to UD's Chris Carlin talk about the National and upcoming products!, Now is the time to collect Upper Deck 2013-14 NHL Double Rookie Class! You've got to check out this incredible preview of the new 2013-14 NHL Ultimate Collection Double Rookie Class content!, Happy Birthday to Magic Johnson! Send us your favorite Upper Deck Magic Johnson card for your chance to score a complete National Sports Collectors Convention wrapper redemption card set! #UDRAK #TBT, Catch the first of three live previews of 2013-14 NHL Ultimate Collection! You've got to see these cards!!!, Fun story with Mike Tyson from the National Sports Collectors Convention!, Rory McIlroy is on FIRE having won his last three tournaments and captured back-to-back majors at the British Open and PGA Championship. Find out what his best cards and collectibles are to score exclusively from Upper Deck!, Thank you Landon Donovan. Check out this tribute to America's greatest soccer player!, With Rory in the hunt for another major, watch as UD talks with ESPN about what his recent success means to his collectibles and more. , What happens when a trading card collector brings packs to a biker bar? Switchblades are drawn! You've got to see the latest Packs to the People video!, Upper Deck clearly had a focus on families and kids during the National Sports Collectors Convention. See some of the ways UD worked to engage the next generation of collectors at the show!, Wondering what types of Upper Deck cards were discovered at the National Sports Collectors Convention? You've got to see this!!!, What are group breaks? Upper Deck gave fans an "exquisite" opportunity to experience them first hand at the 2014 National Sports Collectors Convention!, See how Upper Deck went above and beyond to promote the NHL® at the 2014 National Sports Collectors Convention!, A new season of hockey cards is upon us with 2014-15 NHL® Upper Deck MVP releasing today! Show us your hits right here as you break the first hockey release of the year!, Upper Deck brings the company's popular Random Acts of Kindness program to the National Sports Collectors Convention and fans LOVE it! Check this out!, Fans in attendance at the National got a kick out of seeing Tim Carroll's art where he uses base cards to create incredible memorabilia!, Upper Deck presents trading cards like you have never seen before with artifacts from World War I encapsulated inside a shadowbox card. Take a look at the Goodwin Champions Museum Collection exchange cards. Collect history! Collect Upper Deck!, Update for those who took part in the recent UD expired redemption raffle., Thanks to all the fans who helped make the National Sports Collectors Convention such a huge success for UD's 25th Anniversary. We pulled out all the stops to make it the best show we have ever attended. For those in attendance, what was your favorite part of UD at the National? And for those who couldn't make it, look for some fun giveaways later on this week!

https://www.facebook.com/media/set/?set=a.10152233965493951.1073741881.61698633950&type=3, UD steps up to thank dealers for their service at the National Sports Collectors Convention by providing them with their very own Upper Deck cards!, Arrival Date: November 2014

Configuration:
5 cards per pack
20packs per box
12 boxes per case
Set Breakdown:
Regular Cards – 100
Rookie Short Prints – 30 (1:7)
Legends Short Prints – 20 (1:10)
Authentic Moments – 50 (1:4)
Rookie Auto Patches – 35 (#’d to 550 or less)
Product Highlights:
SP Rookie Auto Patch (#’d to 550 or less)
SPA Future Watch Autographs (#’d to 5 or less)
Authentic Moments Autographs (1:87)
Canvas Collection Short Prints (1:45)

Box Break Summary:
Three (3) Autographs per box!
Including one (1) Rookie Auto Patch #’d to 550 or less!
Look for rare inscribed parallels #’d to 10 or less!
Four (4) Canvas Collection inserts per box!
Includes rare autographed versions and short prints!
Three (3) SPA Future Watch inserts #’d to 999 per box!
Collect rare red parallels #’d to 99 and autographed parallels #’d to 25 or less!
Get three (3) Super FX bonus packs per case!
Each Super FX bonus pack contains one (1) Super FX Autograph card PLUS two (2) Super FX Rookie or Legend cards!

Look for autographs from rookies and legends like:
Johnny Manziel
Blake Bortles
Sammy Watkins
Teddy Bridgewater
Carlos Hyde
Peyton Manning
John Elway
Matthew Stafford
Jerry Rice
Dan Marino
Ben Roethlisberger
and many more!

Collect the entire 235-card set including the 50 Authentic Moments cards highlighting some of the biggest moments in college football history!
Including rare autograph parallels!, Just one day until Upper Deck releases 2014 Exquisite Collection Golf. Get ready to be amazed by some of the incredible cards that can be found in packs!, Amazon.com exclusive autograph cards found in UD wrapper redemption packs. Here's more on these awesome autographs: http://upperdeckblog.com/2014/07/amazon-com-partners-with-upper-deck-for-exclusive-autograph-cards-for-the-2014-national-sports-collectors-convention/, Want to score an invite to the biggest and best party at the National Sports Collectors Convention? UD shares details on how fans can earn a ticket to the company's 25th Anniversary celebration on Saturday night., Get a first look at 2014-15 NHL MVP as we pack the product out for delivery in early August!, Want to see something amazing? Check out this one of a kind Wayne Gretzky piece of artwork made entirely from UD NHL cards! Check it out LIVE at the 2014 National Sports Collectors Convention!, See how Upper Deck stepped up to help a boy deal with the loss of his best friend. Please share this story as we want to get fans to send Jacobe letters to show your support and let him know he is not alone!, While this does not appear to be our product, pack searching at retail can be an ugly side of the hobby. We spend a lot to include decoy cards in packs, we work to keep retailers informed of this practice and we also incorporate other tactics, but as you can see, it still happens. Have you ever happened upon a pack searcher like this? How did you handle the situation if you have?, 100 more autographs will be found in Upper Deck's wrapper redemption packs for the 2014 National Sports Collectors Convention courtesy to Amazon.com! Check this out!, Now here is a "Great" memorabilia piece!, Go behind the scenes at an autograph session with Upper Deck exclusive spokesman and British Open Champions; Rory McIlroy!, Congratulations to Rory on his big win today at the British Open!

Before Rory McIlroy ever signed a winning scorecard at the British Open, the three-time major championship winner signed memorabilia exclusively for Upper Deck. The Upper Deck Store is the only place to get authenticated McIlroy-signed items online. Check out Rory’s thoughts on UDA here: http://bit.ly/1jOLjg5, With Rory in the lead at the Open Championship, many wonder, just how high will values on his collectibles from this rookie season go. Take a look at some of the must have cards & memorabilia from his rookie season., Throwback Thursday- 35 years ago today Dave Parker lit up the ballpark in the 1979 All-Star Game. Submit your caption to the Upper Deck blog for your chance to score packs of 2014 Goodwin Champions!
, Upper Deck is proud to announce the debut of Exquisite Collection Golf releasing on July 29, 2014!, Upper Deck would like to thank all the collectors, fans and shops who have helped to keep the company the collector’s choice over the last 25 years at the 2014 National Sports Collectors Convention. Upper Deck is pulling out all the stops to make the event memorable for fans in attendance and there will be a variety of special programs in place for every type of collector to take part in. And with the company’s incredible 130’x50’ corporate booth, fans will have plenty of ground to cover to see everything Upper Deck has to offer! Below is a breakdown on the events taking place at the National from Wednesday, July 30 through Sunday, August 3, 2014.

Kids Zone – Children are the future of the hobby and Upper Deck remains the category leader in youth marketing. We will have an area of our booth dedicated completely to kid-focused activities throughout the weekend with a “Draw Your Own Trading Card,” games & tournaments to win cool prizes and even visits from Upper Deck’s mascot, Coach Cardman!

Personalized 25th Anniversary Trading Cards – Have you always dreamed of one day being on an Upper Deck trading card? Well now is your chance as all week long at the show we will have a professional photographer onsite to shoot fans and then print actual Upper Deck 25th Anniversary trading cards for them on site. The best part about it is this service is absolutely FREE!

Upper Deck Authenticated Man Cave – Upper Deck Authenticated will have an amazing “Man Cave” set up at the show designed to give fans an idea of just how great the company’s limited-edition collectibles can make a special sports-themed room look. Many of the items on display will be available for sale at special show pricing including ultra-rare memorabilia from the Suite One-of-One collection like a tournament-worn Tiger Woods Stanford autographed & inscribed polo.

Wednesday VIP Party – Upper Deck will help get the show started by making a special presentation at the Wednesday VIP Party to thank the company’s network of dealers in attendance at the show. Fans in attendance will also score with a special 6-card VIP set produced exclusively for the National Sports Collectors Convention and they will also have the opportunity to win one of three sealed packs of the new 2014 Upper Deck Exquisite Collection Golf! Immediately after the VIP Party fans are invited to visit the Upper Deck booth for birthday cake to help celebrate Upper Deck’s 25th Anniversary and an incredible FREE giveaway you will not want to miss!

Wrapper Redemption Promotion – Every year fans flock to the Upper Deck booth with new packs to score one of the exclusive wrapper redemption packs produced just for this show. Randomly inserted into these packs are incredibly limited autograph cards of top stars from the world of sports. Collectors just need to purchase five (5) packs of 2013 Fleer Retro Football, 2014 SPx Football, 2014 Upper Deck Football (Hobby), 2013-14 Fleer Retro Basketball, 2013-14 SP Authentic Basketball, 2013-14 NHL SP Authentic, 2014 SP Authentic Golf, 2014 Goodwin Champions OR one (1) pack of 2014 SP Game-Used Golf to receive one (1) 2014 Upper Deck National Sports Collectors Convention Pack. EVERY 25TH COLLECTOR WILL RECEIVE A FREE FLEER RETRO AUTOGRAPH PACK FROM FOOTBALL OR BASKETBALL! These packs must be purchased from a Certified Diamond Dealer who will provide collectors with an Upper Deck issued voucher for the redemption program. The program will begin at 10:25 a.m. each day starting on Thursday and run as long as supplies last. Collectors can take advantage of the promotion up to four times per person, per day.

Case Breaker Promotion – Serious collectors who like cracking cases are in store for a very good time during the show as well! Collectors can open a sealed case purchased from a Certified Diamond Dealer at the show of 2013-14 SP Authentic Basketball, 2013-14 Fleer Retro Basketball or 2013 Fleer Retro Football without waiting in any lines at any time throughout the show to receive the following:
(10) 2014 Upper Deck National Sports Collectors Convention Packs (2 packs from each day)
(2) 2013 Fleer Retro Basketball Autograph Pack (3 autograph cards per pack)
(2) 2013 Fleer Retro Football Autograph Pack (3 autograph cards per pack)
(1) Case Breaker Raffle Ticket good for a random memorabilia item, premium hobby pack/box, trading card, or one of 25 premium National Autograph cards. The item selected will be immediately available to the participant.
*Note: This promotion is only available to the first 75 collectors who choose to take advantage of it.

Upper Deck Educates – We are proud to debut a new program at the 2014 National Sports Collectors Convention with the company’s new Upper Deck Educates kits. Manipulative based learning in classrooms is all the rage these days, especially for youngsters learning math. Using trading cards in the classroom can actually help youngsters learn and we have worked to create lesson plans that include cards. We will be providing these kits which include background on manipulative based learning, a lesson plan and trading card product to elementary education teachers (Grades 4-6) for FREE while supplies last. Elementary educators attending need to email UpperDeckMarketing@upperdeck.com with subject title “Upper Deck Educates” to reserve a kit to pick up at the Upper Deck booth if they are attending the show. Please provide your full name, school and grade you teach so we can put them on reserve for you. Teachers will need to present a valid school identification to pick them up.

Upper Deck Random Acts of Kindness Scavenger Hunt – Collectors have enjoyed Upper Deck’s Random Acts of Kindness program and we will bring the excitement around that event to the 2014 National on Thursday. Upper Deck will hide 25 sealed Random Acts of Kindness envelopes throughout the Convention Center and share clues at the company’s corporate booth throughout the day. Lucky collectors who track them down can score sweet prizes like apparel and product!

The Exquisite Case Break – On Friday at 2:00 p.m. fans in attendance will want to make their way to the Amazon.com Sports Collectibles Center Stage for an extremely special event. Fans who are not at the show can watch through Upper Deck’s BreakersTV Channel. Upper Deck will bring up two of the company’s Authorized Group Breakers to help out with this special event in Steel City Collectibles along with Dave & Adam’s Cardworld, but spots in the break will be absolutely FREE and awarded during a special raffle at the company’s booth on Thursday night at 5:25 p.m. What will make this such an “exquisite” event is that Upper Deck will be breaking the company’s most premium products with 2013 Exquisite Collection Football and 2014 Exquisite Collection Golf.

Diamond Club Member & Candidate Reception – Almost two months ago Upper Deck announced a special private event taking place on Saturday. Here is that announcement and we will be sharing more details on this memorable event in the coming weeks!
Entertainment – What is a birthday party without a little entertainment? Appearing all day on Friday and Saturday at the Upper Deck booth is the incomparable Tim Carroll who will be creating a special cut-up card mosaic of a popular Upper Deck spokesman. Speed artist Tim Decker will appear at the Upper Deck booth on Friday from 3:25-5:30 p.m. creating incredibly artwork of top Upper Deck spokesmen that you will have to see to believe. And Saturday Upper Deck is excited to bring in a surprise guest during the afternoon that every sports fan will want the opportunity to see! Stay tuned for more details on that!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=F4wUJmtMCgU

Photo Opportunities – Upper Deck will have a variety of VERY unique photo opportunities for fans to take advantage of throughout the convention hall and at Upper Deck’s corporate booth.

Expired Redemption Raffle – Upper Deck will accept expired redemption cards at the 2014 National Sports Collectors Convention to be entered into a drawing for 100 different prize cards available immediately at the show. The drawing will take place at 11:25 a.m. on Saturday and redemptions need to be received in by 11:00 a.m. that morning. Here are more details on the expired redemption raffle.

Decoy Reclamation Raffle – Upper Deck wants to see collectors help with recycling efforts. All week long any time fans bring 25 blank Upper Deck decoy cards in good condition to the UD booth they can score a free raffle ticket. On Sunday at 2:25 p.m. the company will hold a special raffle for those tickets with five limited-edition autograph cards up for grabs. So bring in those seemingly useless decoys to help conservation efforts while also getting the shot to score some pretty sweet collectibles as well.

Special Giveaways – It may be our birthday, but you are the ones who get the presents! There will be a special FREE giveaway each day at the Upper Deck booth to help celebrate the company’s 25th Anniversary. The days and times you will definitely want to be at the Upper Deck booth are Wednesday (4:00 p.m.), Thursday (5:25 p.m.), Friday (3:00 p.m.), Saturday (1:25 p.m.) and Sunday (1:25 p.m.).

Upper Deck will be sharing more details on events surrounding the 2014 National Sports Collectors Convention in the coming weeks, but it will definitely be an event collectors will NOT want to miss!, Watch as Natalie Gulbis reacts to the new 2014 Exquisite Collection Golf product!, Upper Deck is proud to announce the debut of Exquisite Collection Golf releasing on July 29, 2014!, Release Date: Early November

Configuration:
8 cards per pack
24 packs per box
12 boxes per case

Product Highlights:
Don’t miss a beat, Young Guns Always Deliver!
The return of A Piece of History 500 Goal Club cards . . . plus all-new A Piece of History 1,000 Point Club cards (including rare Auto parallels)!
Clear Cut cards include all-new Clear Cut Captains (#’d of 100) alongside popular Stoppers (#’d of 100), Foundations (#’d of 25) and mega-rare League Leaders (#’d of 10)
UD Canvas
120-card set-within-a-set featuring 30 scarce (1:48) Young Guns cards!
Look for hard-signed Jonathan Toews Canvas Auto #’d to 19!
UD Game Jersey . . . look for Group A SP’s and Patch parallels #’d to 15

Box Break: (on average)
Six (6) Young Guns
Two (2) UD Game Jersey cards
Four (4) UD Canvas
Two (2) Hockey Heroes 2000’s
Three (3) Shining Stars
One (1) Shining Stars Gold Rainbow //

Case Break: (on average)
Clear Cut (acetate) insert
Signature Sensations
Also, 2 out of every 3 hobby boxes delivers a big hitter . . .                                     a.k.a. 8 great cards in every 12 box case!
Including – A Piece of History Jersey & Auto Jersey, Day With The Cup, Exclusives Spectrum //’s, Hockey Heroes Autos, Buybacks & More Spectacular Hits!, Come celebrate 25 years of Upper Deck at the 2014 National Sports Collectors Convention in Cleveland 7/30-8/2! Check out everything UD has planned for fans in attendance! This is one show you will not want to miss!!!, Check out just some of what happened when Jeremy Roenick visited Upper Deck headquarters today!, Throwback Thursday! In the midst of Free Agency Frenzy and everyone is anxious to see who will end up where. Write a caption on the blog for your chance to score 5 packs of 2013-14 Fleer Retro Basketball!
, Visiting Chicago or Wisconsin this summer? Make sure to stop in on Sports Dome in Kenosha, WI! A Great shop for serious sports fans & collectors!, SNEAK PREVIEW! Get a first look at the designs for the 2014-15 NHL Upper Deck Series One base and Young Guns cards!, Thanks to all the families who nominated deserving dads for our annual Father of the Year promotion. Check out the two winners for the USA and Canada!, Arrival Date: October 22, 2014

Configuration:
8 cards per pack
24packs per box
12 boxes per case
Set Breakdown:
Regular Cards – 86
Schedule Cards – 14
Base Set Hi Series Legends - 20
Base Set Hi Series Rookies – 20
Memorable Moments – 10
Alumni Stars – 10 

Capture the history and prestige of conference supremacy!
Includes a comprehensive look at players from the best football schools in the country!
Alabama
Arkansas
Auburn
Florida
Georgia
Kentucky
LSU
Mississippi
Mississippi State
Missouri
South Carolina
Tennessee
Texas A&M
Vanderbilt

Box Break Summary:
One (1) Autograph card
Two (2) Memorabilia cards
One (1) oversized Jumbo box topper
Look for rare autographed versions!
Twelve (12) inserts from:
Base Set Hi Series Legends
Base Set Hi Series Rookies
Memorable Moments
Alumni Stars

Autographs from superstars like:
Johnny Manziel, Mike Evans, Aaron Murray, Zach Mettenberger, Odell Beckham Jr., Michael Sam, Peyton Manning, Hines Ward, Matthew Stafford, Nick Saban, Joe Namath, Bo Jackson, Herschel Walker, Phillip Fulmer, and many more!

Collect patch cards with different levels of rarity:
School Pride Tier 1 – 1:96
School Pride Tier 2 – 1:180
Rivalry – 1: 576
Stars – 1:1,152
Oversized JumboBox toppers!, Configuration:
8 cards per pack
24 packs per box
16 boxes per case

Release-August 2014

Product Highlights:
MVP Re-joins the lineup for 2014-15!
300-card base set (including 100 high-series SP’s)
All-New “Colors & Contours” Rainbow Foil Die-Cut base set parallel features nine tiers of scarcity  (including three different perimeter die cut designs)!
MVP Staples – Silver Script (1/pack) and Super Script (# to 25) parallels
Popular dual-player One-on-One Signatures . . . and the return of MVP ProSign!
Look for premium jersey cards including dual-sided 2-on-2 Jerseys and MVP Souvenirs!
Look for one of four different 9-card Rookie Redemption sets per case!

Box Break (24 Packs per Box):
Twenty-Four (24) High-Series Base Set SP’s
Twenty-Four (24) Silver Script Parallels
Six (6) “Colors & Contours” parallels (Bronze, Silver and Gold Rainbow Foil, Perimeter Die- Cut cards with nine different tiers of scarcity)
Five (5) Additional Inserts . . . 
2013-14 NHL 3-Stars Weekly (1:7)
2013-14 NHL 3-Star Monthly (1:48)
2013-14 Rookie of the Month (1:40)
One (1) additional BIG HIT . . . 
Super Script Parallel (#’d of 25)
2-on-2 Jerseys (Dual-Sided!)
Souvenirs (Combo Jerseys!)
Pro Sign
One-on-One Signatures

Case Break (16 Boxes per Case):
Four or More(4+) Super Script Parallels (#’d of 25)
Five (5) Premium Jersey cards
Souvenir Jerseys (1:128)
Combo Jerseys (1:320)
2-on-2 Jerseys (1:480)
Dual-Sided Stunners feature four player swatches per card
Three (3) Autograph Inserts . . . 
Pro Sign (1:132)
One-on-One Signatures (1:2,612)
One (1) Rookie Set Redemption Card (1:384)
Four different packs to chase broken up by Division
Collectors receive nine different division-themed Rookie Cards per Redemption!, Product Highlights:
Jambalaya inserts
PMGs - Gold, Orange, and Magenta!
Row 1 and Row 0 Legacy Auto Patch Parallels
Arrival Date: September 2014

Flair Showcase Football makes its return with beautiful thin-film laminate cards matching the original quality and collectability of the brand
Configuration:
6 cards per pack
12 packs per box
12 boxes per case
Set Breakdown:
Base Set Rookies Row 2 – 100
Base Set Rookies Row 1 – 50
Base Set Rookies Row 0 – 25
Base Set Legends Row 0 – 25 

Box Break Summary:
One (1) Autograph card
One (1) Memorabilia card
One (1) Auto-Patch, PMG, or Jambalaya insert
Four (4) short printed Row 0 cards
Two (2) Legacy parallels
Three (3) Metal Universe inserts

Case Break Summary:
Six (6) Autographed patch cards
Five (5) Metal Universe PMGs
Gold - #’d to 100
Orange - #’d to 25
Magenta - #’d to 10
One (1) Jambalaya insert, UD collectors will go to great lengths to put together limited-edition sets. This is one collector's story on completing the 2014 Las Vegas Industry Summit autograph set!, Trading cards just got scary! Check out this story and video on the new MONSTERS! 3D lenticular insert set in 2014 Goodwin Champions!, This summer season The Hockey Hall-of-Fame is rewarding hockey fans all over and encouraging them to celebrate their favourite teams with NHL® TEAM FAN DAYS! The event will span over 30 days (through July and August) and for each special day a different team will be in the spotlight! 

The first 1,000 guests with paid admission to the Hockey Hall-of-Fame each day will receive a FREE Upper Deck exclusive game-worn jersey card of that day’s featured team’s goalie! These cards were produced exclusively for the Hockey Hall-of-Fame and cannot be found in packs. The completed set will feature the top 30 goalies for each of the 30 NHL® teams including players like Carey Price, Corey Crawford, Henrik Lundqvist, Jonathan Quick, Martin Brodeur and more! 

Hockey fans love their goalies so to be able to chase an entire set exclusively of goalie cards is a pretty unique opportunity for collectors. We encourage you to not only attend on the day your favorite team’s celebration, but we challenge you to try and collect the entire set!, Thanks to all the fans who came out to join us in Philadelphia for the 2014 NHL Draft. Couldn't make it? Check this out!, Want to score some free packs of 2014 Goodwin Champions? Check this Throwback Thursday Promotion out!, You've never seen trading cards like this before! Behold The Elements from 2014 Goodwin Champions!, Can you believe these crazy creatures walked the Earth at one time? Check out the all new Origin of Species set found in 2014 Goodwin Champions that show the start of life on this planet., UD's annual Goodwin Champions set has something for everyone and it releases TODAY! Check out some of the amazing World War I memorabilia cards and Art of the Ages hand-painted cards!, RELEASING JULY 1, 2014

CONTENT HIGHLIGHTS: (All content listed is an average based on the entire production run)
•	Look for any Three (3) of the following inside every box!  
o	Hard-signed autographs
o	Single or Dual Swatch Memorabilia cards
o	Origin of Species patch cards
o	Goodwin Masterpieces – Art of the Ages Paintings
o	Museum Relics
•	Get Ten (10) Goodwin Champions Minis per box!  
o	Look for rare hand-numbered Magician Back and Presidential Back parallels! 
•	ALL NEW! – Start your collection of 3-D Monsters!
o	60 different eye-popping lenticular Monsters cards featuring stunning painted images, paying homage to the rich history of Monsters from ancient times to today!
o	Collect Four (4) Monsters cards per case with differing levels of rarity!
	Bizarre Beasts (1:120)
	Classic Creatures (1:360)
	The Giants (1:870)
	Alien Menaces (1:4,160)
o	Look for rare hard-signed ‘Artist Autograph’ variations #’d to 25!
•	ALL NEW! – Look for the debut of Goodwin Memorabilia Patch cards and Sport Royalty Patch cards, including dual swatch variations!

•	ALL NEW! – Origin of Species Patch Cards!
o	Falling five (5) per case!
o	The first installment of a 3-year program tracing the history of advanced life on Earth!
o	2014 – The Dawn of Complex Life:
	Tier 1 – Reptiles
	Tier 2 – Fish
	Tier 3 – Cambrian Explosion
	Tier 4 – Arthropods
	Tier 5 – Tetrapods
	Tier 6 – Cephalopods
o	Coming in 2015 – Age of Dinosaurs
o	Coming in 2016 – Age of Mammals
o	Cards checklisted OS-1 thru OS-100 with varying levels of rarity!
•	NEW! – Rare, Goodwin Masterpieces Art of the Ages Paintings!
o	Continue your collection of beautifully hand-painted art cards!
o	1-of-1 renditions of up to 300 new masterpieces from legends such as DaVinci, Van Gogh and Monet!
•	ALL NEW! – Museum Collection Relics focused on World War I!
o	Includes materials like Imperial German Spiked Helmet Cover, US Army M1912 Trousers, British Commonwealth Officer’s Cap, WWI Barbed Wire, Imperial German M1917 Gas Mask Lens, 1914 Iron Cross 2nd Class, Prussian Eagle Front Plate, US Machine Gun Collar Disc, and much more!!
•	Look for Sport Royalty hard-signed autographs and Sport Royalty Memorabilia cards from some of the greatest athletes across every realm of sport!

PRODUCT BREAKDOWN:
	Hard-Signed Autographed Cards:  
o	Goodwin Autographs (1:36)
o	Sport Royalty Autographs (1:600)
o	Goudey Autograph (1:400)
o	Monsters Artist Autographs (# to 25)
o	Baseball Prospect Autographs (1:60)
	
	Memorabilia and Relic Cards:  
o	Goodwin Memorabilia (1:14)
o	Goodwin Dual Swatch Memorabilia (1:320)
o	Sport Royalty Memorabilia (1:320)
o	Sport Royalty Dual Swatch Memorabilia (1:2,560)
o	Origin of Species Patches (1:64)
o	Museum Collection Relics – WWI 
o	The Elements

	Inserts and Parallel Cards:
o	Minis
o	Minis – Lady Luck Back
o	Minis – Canvas 
o	Minis – Magician Back (# to 14)
o	Minis – Presidential Back (# to 1)
o	Goodwin Masterpieces – Art of the Ages (# to 1)
o	Monsters (1:80)
	
	Base Set:
o	Regular Cards – 130 cards
o	Short Prints – 25 cards
o	Super Short Prints – 25 cards, Want to see something cool NHL fans? Check this out!, Happy Canada Day! Celebrate by showing off your favorite UD Team Canada cards & memorabilia here!, Check out this unique story about a former Upper Deck employee's son getting drafted this week!, Ever wonder what happens after a prospect is drafted? Go behind the scenes at the NHL Gauntlet!, Have you ever dreamed of being on an Upper Deck card? See how one fan was surprised to find himself on a card chronicling a memorable moment!,  Throwback Thursday! Are this year's draft prospects as good as Sidney Crosby was in 2005 when he was drafted? Check out this week's blog post and leave your comical caption for your chance to score., All the autograph and memorabilia content are in house for 2014 Goodwin Champions. Check out this sneak preview of live images from the set!, Hockey fans in Philadelphia this weekend will not want to miss what Upper Deck has in store for you at the 2014 NHL Draft. A special wrapper redemption set, a free autograph signing, interactive events and the chance to get on your very own Upper Deck card! Don't miss it!, UD previews uncut sheets of 2014 SPx Football which is set to release this week!, When Michelle Wie 위성미 won her first major this weekend, golf fans took notice, but so did collectors. With this being considered her rookie season, there are some amazing cards for this future star to collect! Check them out!, Straight from the production line, check out some live images of 2014 SPx Football which will be releasing next week with ZERO redemption cards. All autograph content will be live in the product., See how an Upper Deck employee and Minnesota native became a LA Kings fan., Upper Deck Invites Collectors to Celebrate a Special Hockey Season with 2013-14 NHL® SP Authentic, Happy Throwback Thursday fans! Give this World Cup card a caption on the Blog and you could score!, Would you believe that an Upper Deck basketball card can sell for more than a new Rolex, a new car or even the down payment on a new home? Well, sometimes they do which is why it can be so much fun to open new Upper Deck basketball cards. With exclusive autograph deals with athletes like Michael Jordan and LeBron James, UD delivers the value collectors deserve., One of the most anticipated hockey releases of the year will be here VERY shortly. Check out some advance images from 2013-14 NHL SP Authentic!, Mourning the loss of a great friend and partner, Tony Gwynn, Throwback Thursday! Check out the Create the Caption promotion in honor of the U.S.Open kicking off today. Be sure to leave your comical comments on our blog page in order for your chance to score. #usopen
, Check out Upper Deck Entertainment twitter page and instagram (@upperdeckent) for live postings from #origins2014!, In the Chicago area? Make sure you visit Bleachers Sports, a truly incredible shop!, Upper Deck Recognizes Teen Founder of ‘Cards2Kids’ with a Scholarship Award in Honor of Richard P. McWilliam, Check out this behind the scenes look at a recent LeBron James signing session., With a big performance in the NHL Stanley Cup Final, many Rangers players may have a serious uptick in value. See which players have the most to gain in terms of collectibility and value!, Upper Deck is looking for a Father of the Year in the USA and Canada. Nominate a dad you think is worthy of the honor by checking out this story. He could score the title, a trophy, autographed blow-up cards, boxes and much more!, Beckett Auctions has some amazing UDA memorabilia up for auction in June, but there is one card you have to see to believe! Check this out!, A big performance in the NHL Stanley Cup Final could mean a rise in the value of several key player's trading cards for the L.A. Kings. See who has the most hobby love to gain with another Cup win., See what is new at Upper Deck with this recent interview with Upper Deck's Marketing & Social Media Manager; Chris Carlin., Female collectors currently make up approximately 7% of Upper Deck's fan base. Here is one female collector's story! We appreciate the support of all the women who enjoy this hobby! Thank you!, Share these group gifting ideas for sports fans in your life! Today is the last day to order to get shipping for FREE and get your items in time for Father's Day!, Throwback Thursday is back! Share a comical caption to this card and score some cool memorabilia cards!, You have to see Upper Deck's new Tritych hand-painted autograph booklet cards included in 2013 Exquisite Collection Football. See how UD continues to innovate trading cards! WOW!!!, 2013 Exquisite Collection Football is a product any hardcore football fan won't want to miss! It releases on June 11!, The Stanley Cup Final starts today pitting the New York Rangers against the Los Angeles Kings. As many fans know, Wayne Gretzky played for both great franchises! Check out these "great" signed collectibles from Wayne Gretzky offered exclusively through Upper Deck Authenticated!, This special rookie card of Sam Tageson will be inserted into 2014-15 NHL MVP., Don't miss your chance to meet Sam Tageson in San Jose, CA this weekend at Stevens Creek Sports Cards! Sam will be signing autographs for fans and we will be debuting his Upper Deck Young Guns rookie card there. Proceeds will go to the Make-A-Wish Foundation and Sharks Foundation!, See how Upper Deck gave back to a family who lost everything in the recent Carlsbad fire through the company's Random Acts of Kindness program., This card was just pulled at OT Sports Cards. WOW!!!, Upper Deck's 2014 SP Game-Used Golf arrives in stores today. Check out the details on this can't miss, premium golf release with rookies of Rory McIlroy, Graeme McDowell, Michelle Wie 위성미 & Cheyenne Woods!, Upper Deck brought our Random Acts of Kindness program to a recent Los Angeles Kings game, see what happened!, Are you planning to attend the National Sports Collectors Convention in Cleveland this summer? If so, you will not want to miss this amazing event!!!, See how Upper Deck is giving back to a great charity this Memorial Day through the company's Random Acts of Kindness program!, Throwback Thursday is back! The LA Kings exploded for six goals last night, five in the third period! Kings fans haven't been this excited about the team since the days of the Great One. Give this Wayne Gretzky card a comical caption by leaving a comment on the Upper Deck Blog for your opportunity to score FREE packs!, LIVE image from 2014 SP Game-Used Golf, Check out this stellar preview of 2014 SP Game-Used Golf with LIVE images from the pack out!, Configuration:
5 cards per pack
3 packs per box
Product Arrival Date: May 28, 2014

Product Highlights:
Get 1 Autograph AND 1 Memorabilia Card in EVERY PACK!
The Best Golf Has to Offer!
Tremendous Hits in Every Box:
Inked Drivers OR  All-New Leaderboard Letter Marks!
First Tee Autographed RC’s!
Third Vaunted Autograph, from collection of inserts!
Terrific New Additions to Lineup!
Rory McIlroy, Michelle Wie, Graeme McDowell and more!
Stellar Memorabilia Grabs!
Top-Notch Tour Gear!
Shirts, Gloves, Caps, Buttons + combos!
Supreme Gear cards
Jumbo-sized, super-premium swatches!

Pack Break: (on average)
One (1) Auto AND (1) Memorabilia Card!
Get (1-2) 2001 UD Retro Rookies

Box Break: (on average)
One (1) First Tee Rookie Autograph Card
One (1) Inked Drivers Signature OR       All-New Leaderboard Letter Marks
One (1) Additional Stellar Autograph card
Three (3) Memorabilia Cards

Case Break: (on average)
Every other box will feature a super-premium hit –  See Next Page for Breakdown!

Premium Memorabilia Cards (Case Hits)
Get 1 in Every Other Box!! – 
Leaderboard Letter Marks – #’d up to 35
Inked Drivers Dark Persimmon #’d to 10 or less
Inked Drivers Red Steel #’d to 5 or 2
Inked Fabrics Level 3, #’d to 10
Front 9 Combo (Six Swatch) #’d to 10
Tour Gear Shirt-Cap, #’d to 15
Tour Gear Cap-Glove, #’d to 12
Tour Gear Glove-Tag/Patch, #’d to 2
Tour Gear Tag/Patch-Button, #’d 1-of-1
Tour Gear Gold Quad Shirt #’d to 10
Tour Gear Dual, Triple or Quad Cap #’d to 12, 10 or 8
Tour Gear Dual, Triple or Quad Glove #’d to 10, 5 or 3
Tour Gear Dual, Triple or Quad Tag/Patch #’d to 2
Tour Gear Dual, Triple or Quad Button #’d 1-of-1
Supreme Gear #’d to 3, Exciting announcement regarding inspirational NHL player Sam Tageson of the San Jose Sharks. You've got to see this! , Don't miss Million Dollar Arm in theaters today & collect Upper Deck trading cards of Rinku & Dinesh!, The future is now for the Anaheim Ducks and his name is John Gibson. Find out why you need to collect this exceptional rookie talent!, UD is looking for elementary teachers (grades 4-6) to help us create some new lesson plans on how to use Upper Deck cards in the classroom. If you are an accredited teacher and would like to help out, email us at UpperDeckMarketing@upperdeck.com. You can earn cards for your class!, Upper Deck Headquarters will be closed today because of the serious nature of the fires in our community. Our thoughts and prayers go out to any and all affected. We are very thankful to all the men and women working hard to put out these fires, you are truly "heroic inspirations!", UD innovates the memorabilia category with awesome new autographed Shadow Box collectibles. You've got to see these!, Interested in checking out how Upper Deck's interactive football draft recap event went yesterday on BreakersTV? Check this out. Part 2 is available on YouTube as well. , Given the close proximity to the Carlsbad fire, Upper Deck will be closing for the day. Thinking good thoughts to any and all affected., LeBron James has been unstoppable in the playoffs over the last three years in particular. Check out some NBA legends we think could give LeBron a run for his money. You can also check out some pretty amazing cards & memorabilia too!, UD announces details on an interactive football draft recap event tomorrow afternoon on BreakersTV. Register NOW, watch TOMORROW and you could walk away with awesome FREE cards including some from the new 2013-14 Upper Deck Quantum Football!!!,  We would like to wish a very happy Mother's Day to all the moms who didn't throw away their kids trading cards! We are especially thankful for moms like this! , On Draft Day, Upper Deck is taking packs of 2014 Upper Deck Football to the people. Watch what happens when some weekend warriors open new Upper Deck packs for the first time or at least, the first time in a long time!, Throwback Thursday and #draftday!! In 1998 Peyton Manning was the No.1 draft pick and has had quite the career so far! Comment your caption on the Upper Deck blog for your chance to score some packs of 2014 UD Football!
, null, Live images/scans from product pack-out., Check out all the happy fans Upper Deck met at the 2014 Spring Sportcard & Memorabilia Expo over the weekend in Toronto!, Upper Deck celebrates Cinco de Mayo with a FREE autograph giveaway! Check this out!, One of our favorite events was when we brought Cinco De Mayo to the Sports Card Expo in Toronto. Check out what happened and happy Cinco De Mayo fans!, Moms are not throwing away trading cards like they used to, at least not the Upper Deck cards! :) Find out why many savvy moms are encouraging their kids to collect! And thanks to all the moms who do!!!, Sometimes NHL trading cards have Playoff implications. Which side of this dual memorabilia card will you be cheering for?, Configuration:
8 cards per pack
24 packs per box
16 boxes per case
Release: August 6, 2014

Product Highlights:
MVP Re-joins the lineup for 2014-15!
300-card base set (including 100 high-series SP’s)
All-New “Colors & Contours” Rainbow Foil Die-Cut base set parallel features nine tiers of scarcity  (including three different perimeter die cut designs)!
MVP Staples – Silver Script (1/pack) and Super Script (# to 25) parallels
Popular dual-player One-on-One Signatures . . . and the return of MVP ProSign!
Look for premium jersey cards including dual-sided 2-on-2 Jerseys and MVP Souvenirs!
Look for one of four different 9-card Rookie Redemption sets per case!

Box Break (24 Packs per Box):
Twenty-Four (24) High-Series Base Set SP’s
Twenty-Four (24) Silver Script Parallels
Six (6) “Colors & Contours” parallels (Bronze, Silver and Gold Rainbow Foil, Perimeter Die- Cut cards with nine different tiers of scarcity)
Five (5) Additional Inserts . . . 
2013-14 NHL 3-Stars Weekly (1:7)
2013-14 NHL 3-Star Monthly (1:48)
2013-14 Rookie of the Month (1:40)
One (1) additional BIG HIT . . . 
Super Script Parallel (#’d of 25)
2-on-2 Jerseys (Dual-Sided!)
Souvenirs (Combo Jerseys!)
Pro Sign
One-on-One Signatures

Case Break (16 Boxes per Case):
Four or More(4+) Super Script Parallels (#’d of 25)
Five (5) Premium Jersey cards
Souvenir Jerseys (1:128)
Combo Jerseys (1:320)
2-on-2 Jerseys (1:480)
Dual-Sided Stunners feature four player swatches per card
Three (3) Autograph Inserts . . . 
Pro Sign (1:132)
One-on-One Signatures (1:2,612)
One (1) Rookie Set Redemption Card (1:384)
Four different packs to chase broken up by Division
Collectors receive nine different division-themed Rookie Cards per Redemption!, Don't miss the Sports Card & Memorabilia Expo in Toronto this weekend! Check out all the cool promotions and giveaways Upper Deck is offering fans in attendance throughout the weekend!, How cool is this?!?! Upper Deck worked with the Hockey Hall-of-Fame to deliver the Stanley Cup® to Clouts N Chara, a hobby shop in Kitchener, ON., LA Kings make history last night, coming back from a 3 game deficit to take the series against the Sharks. Since it's #TBT , let's take a look at a throwback card and enter your comical comment on our blog page for your chance to score 5 packs of 2013-14 NHL® Fleer Showcase!
, Three Game 7's in the NHL tonight means some great television watching is in our future, but what do these games mean to the collectibles category. Check out who has the most to lose or gain in the games tonight in terms of hockey trading card interest!, Any fans on Pinterest? Make sure to check out and follow UD's page there! http://www.pinterest.com/upperdeckco/, Do you want to see something cool? Check out these Sidney Crosby autograph cards we just received back from him!, Upper Deck is excited to announce the release of 2013-14 Quantum Football on draft day, Thursday, May 8!, This weekend Upper Deck and Mike's Stadium Sportscards hosted a special event in conjunction with the Friends of Jaclyn Foundation and the CSU Rams - Colorado State University Athletics. See how everyone came together to honor a very brave boy!, Make it a point to crack some 2013-14 Fleer Retro Basketball this weekend. Share images of what you pull on Twitter and you could receive a FREE autograph bonus pack!, Exciting news! We have secured a signing session with Andrew Luck for Monday where he will sign all outstanding redemptions and trading cards for new releases!,  LaMarcus Aldridge knocked down 43 points in Game 2 of the Portland Trail Blazers vs. Houston Rockets playoff series last night. Take a look at his Upper Deck #TBT card and add your caption on our Upper Deck blog for your chance to score five (5) packs of 2013-14 Fleer Retro Basketball!
, Support and meet Jack Miller from the Colorado State Rams Football team at a fundraiser this weekend in Aurora, Colorado! Be one of the first to own this brave young man's Star Rookie card and get his autograph. Collect inspiration!, Take a look at what Upper Deck has in store for fans at the Spring Expo in Toronto! Don't miss it!, null, The new 2014 Upper Deck Football Tribute Patch cards are a hit with collectors. Check out the entire card gallery!, Upper Deck's Random Acts of Kindness program isn't just touching collectors, but some celebrities and athletes as well! Take a look at this fun way Upper Deck is saying thank you to collectors and partners for 25 amazing years!, Easter may be over, but some fans got very creative with their Easter Baskets this year incorporating new Upper Deck packs and inserts. Did you find any Upper Deck packs in your baskets? If so, show them off on our Timeline!, THIS JUST IN: Upper Deck packs are the perfect addition to Easter Baskets & do not cause cavities. Warning, packs may be habit forming., The upcoming NFL Draft is going to be more exciting with the return of Predictor cards in 2014 Upper Deck Football. Check them out!, It is Throwback Thursday! Give us a caption and SCORE! Reminder, please post your caption on the blog to be eligible to grab the packs available!, Notre Dame Fighting Irish fans will LOVE this story!,  #TBT today and with the NHL Playoffs kicking off last night, the Canadiens de Montréal had an exciting Game 1 against the Tampa Bay Lighting. Leave a caption comment on the Upper Deck blog for your chance to five packs of 2013-14 NHL® Fleer Showcase!
, Get to know the courageous young man Upper Deck selected to receive a Star Rookie card!, Upper Deck created a special Star Rookie card for Jack Miller, the 9-year-old cancer patient and inspiration to the Colorado State Football team. Collect Inspiration! The card will be available through the Friends of Jaclyn Foundation and at a special event at Mike's Stadium Sportscards!, There is a lot to love about 2014 Upper Deck Football. Check out what collectors love about the release that triggers the start of football collecting season!, Every pack delivers 2-3 Star Rookie cards with chances to pull the first autographs from the 2014 Rookie Class!
Collect the deepest 2014 rookie checklist in the market with 200 different Star Rookies!

Regular Set:
Base Cards – 50 cards
Star Rookies – 100 cards
Star Rookies SP – 60 cards
Star Rookies Rare – 40 cards

Inserts:
UD Authentics Rookie Signatures
Rookie Lettermen Signatures
College Tribute Patches

Configuration:
6 cards per pack
20 packs per box
12 boxes per case

Break Summary:
Every box gets three (3) autographs from:
Rookie Lettermen (Varied #)
Star Rookies Autographs
UD Authentics Rookie Signatures
1994 UD Tribute Autographs
College Football Heroes Autographs
Look for 1970s/80s College Football Heroes Inserts!
Collect the 14-card set featuring some of the most legendary names in football! Two (2) per box!
Collect limited numbered UD Authentics  Rookies inserts – falling two (2) per box!
Rare Star Rookies black and white parallels #’d to 10 or less fall one (1) per case!

Continue your collection of college football history with College Tribute Patch Cards!
Get four (4) in every case!
Featuring famous traditions and tributes from football programs across the nation!
Cards numbered CM-121 through CM-180
Exclusive to hobby!
Predictor cards are back!
Look for rare QB, RB, and WR predictor cards for your chance to win exclusive card sets!, Today is Jackie Robinson Day and Upper Deck remembers the legend through trading cards. Take a look at some of the amazing collectibles we have created for Jackie over the years!, Check out how Upper Deck's 2014 Black Diamond Rookie Gems Draft event went down tonight!, Watch some great videos from fans for Upper Deck's 25th Anniversary celebration!, See why collectors and insiders love Upper Deck Young Guns rookie cards! Now is a great time to collect hockey with the 2013-14 NHL Upper Deck Double Rookie Class!, What are the best cards of the two-time Masters Champion Bubba Watson? Well they all come from Upper Deck, check them out!, Now is the perfect time to get in the swing with golf cards. Check out these amazing new Leaderboard Lettermarks Autograph cards from 2014 SP Game-Used Golf!, ESPN shares what's hot in the world of golf collectibles. Check it out!, It's #TBT and the first day of The Masters! Upper Deck has gone through their trading cards and wants YOU to add your comical caption on our blog for your chance to score SP Authentic Golf packs!
, Michael Doffing (AKA Magicpapa) has an amazing collection of Ken Griffey Jr. trading cards. He also happens to be a very helpful collector to those in need. Check out a little bit of Michael's impressive collection!, All new configuration allows for even greater value at 50% less per box!
Configuration:
5 cards per pack
18 packs per box
12 boxes per case
Product Highlights:
1995-96 Veterans PMGs
1997-98 Rookie PMGs
1995-96 Maximum Metal
1998 Exclamation Points
1992-93 Michael Jordan Career Highlights
1996-97 Skybox Premium Golden Touch
1992-93 Rookie Sensations
1996-01 Autographics
Arrival Date: May 2014

Collect new PMG cards from players that have never had them before!
Paul George, Rajon Rondo, James Harden, Tim Hardaway Jr, Giannis Antetokounmpo, Tony Snell, and more!
Veterans/Legends in the 1995-96 design and Rookies in the 1997-98 design!

Box Break Summary:
Two (2) autographs per box
Four (4) premium inserts per box, from:
PMGs (#’d to 150 or less)
Skybox Premium Star Rubies (#’d to 150 or less)
Maximum Metal (1:120)
Ultra Scoring Kings (1:120)
Skybox Premium Golden Touch (1:240)
Michael Jordan Career Highlights (1:80)
Fleer Team Leaders (1:60)
Final Four Stars (1:48)
Power in the Key (1:83)
Skybox Premium Meltdown (1:83)
Skybox E-Motion N-Tense (1:167)
Exclamation Points (1:240)
Ultra Star Power Supreme (1:240)
Look for autographed buyback cards!, Check out the Cardstacker's unique tribute to Upper Deck's 25th Anniversary!, Configuration:
5 cards per pack
15 packs per box
Arrival Date: April 2014

Product Highlights:
Get 1 Hot Prospects Autograph Patch card #’d to 399 or less in each box!
Top RC’s will be #’d to 199!
Get 2 Additional Auto or Memorabilia Hits per box!
Including plenty of parallels #’d to 36 or less!
Find Hot Prospects Duos & Trios!
Featuring awesome RC pairs and 3-player combinations!
Look for Fleer Ultra Rookies!
With Red Medallion (#’d to 99) and Platinum Medallion (#’d to 25) parallels!

Box Break: (on average)
One (1) Hot Prospects Autograph Patch Cards
Two (2) Additional Auto or Memorabilia Hits
Including Hot Prospects Regular Autos + parallels, Hot Prospects Auto Memorabilia parallels Regular Cards Red Glow Jersey & Patch parallels, Stitches + Patch and Tag parallels, Uniformity + Patch and Tag parallels
One (1) Hot Prospects Duos or Trios parallel,     Skybox Premium Prospects parallel, Fleer Ultra Rookies parallel or Skybox Premium parallel,         Fleer Ultra Premium parallel, or Jambalaya card
Three (3) Hot Prospects Duos or Trios, Skybox Premium Prospects, or Fleer Ultra Rookies card
Two (2) Metal Universe cards
Six (6) Skybox Premium or Fleer Ultra cards

Case Break: (on average)
1-2 Hot Prospects Signed Patches (#’d to 199)
One (1) Hot Prospects Glove, Fight Strap or Patch #’d to 36 or less
Three (3) Precious Metal Gems #’d to 100 or less
One (1) Skybox Premium Star Rubies or Sparkling Diamonds, #’d to 50 or less
One (1) Platinum Medallion #’d to 25
One (1) Jambalaya Hit, More awesome images of Double Rookie Class talent from the pack out of 2013-14 NHL Fleer Showcase., Upper Deck descended on Dallas this week to celebrate everything great about college basketball during the annual Bracket Town event. Fans could score awesome Upper Deck Authenticated memorabilia and trading cards at special prices. They could also get their very own Upper Deck personalized trading cards made as we had a photographer on site to create cards for fans. It was another great event from Upper Deck!, null, A collector decides to take a shot at a pack of Exquisite Basketball at Baseball Card King in Joliet, IL. It's a good thing they did as it was a Michael Jordan hot box. Check out some of the amazing pulls they discovered in that incredible pack!, You don't even have to like hockey cards to think this is cool., Configuration:
5 cards per pack
15 packs per box
Arrival Date: April 2014

Product Highlights:
Get 1 Hot Prospects Autograph Patch card #’d to 399 or less in each box!
Top RC’s will be #’d to 199!
Get 2 Additional Auto or Memorabilia Hits per box!
Including plenty of parallels #’d to 36 or less!
Find Hot Prospects Duos & Trios!
Featuring awesome RC pairs and 3-player combinations!
Look for Fleer Ultra Rookies!
With Red Medallion (#’d to 99) and Platinum Medallion (#’d to 25) parallels!

Box Break: (on average)
One (1) Hot Prospects Autograph Patch Cards
Two (2) Additional Auto or Memorabilia Hits
Including Hot Prospects Regular Autos + parallels, Hot Prospects Auto Memorabilia parallels Regular Cards Red Glow Jersey & Patch parallels, Stitches + Patch and Tag parallels, Uniformity + Patch and Tag parallels
One (1) Hot Prospects Duos or Trios parallel,     Skybox Premium Prospects parallel, Fleer Ultra Rookies parallel or Skybox Premium parallel,         Fleer Ultra Premium parallel, or Jambalaya card
Three (3) Hot Prospects Duos or Trios, Skybox Premium Prospects, or Fleer Ultra Rookies card
Two (2) Metal Universe cards
Six (6) Skybox Premium or Fleer Ultra cards

Case Break: (on average)
1-2 Hot Prospects Signed Patches (#’d to 199)
One (1) Hot Prospects Glove, Fight Strap or Patch #’d to 36 or less
Three (3) Precious Metal Gems #’d to 100 or less
One (1) Skybox Premium Star Rubies or Sparkling Diamonds, #’d to 50 or less
One (1) Platinum Medallion #’d to 25
One (1) Jambalaya Hit, It's Throwback Thursday! We are two days away from the NCAA® Men’s Basketball Final Four and although it is pretty certain that your bracket is nothing to pay attention to at this point, the coaching surely is!

Add your caption  to the blog story for your opportunity to score some FREE UD items!
, Thank you fans for choosing to collect the best and for making Upper Deck the collector's choice over the last 25 years! If you haven't collected in awhile, check out what you are missing!, Jaclyn Murphy, the Inspirational Cancer Survivor and Founder of the Friends of Jaclyn Foundation, Receives Her Very Own UD Card., For Upper Deck's 25th Anniversary we are bringing back the popular web-series, "Packs to the People!" Check out the first episode!, Check out an exclusive interview with ESPN about which player reigns supreme in collectible cards and memorabilia; LeBron James or Michael Jordan?, No fooling; Upper Deck releases information regarding the company's upcoming Diamond Draft program for stunning quad diamond rookie gems cards., We were filming a box break for 2013-14 Upper Deck Black Basketball when a small earthquake occurred and one host overreacted in a big way. You have got to see this!, Some guys really deserve a NHL rookie card, but do not get them. We felt Brett Leonhardt was so deserving we made one for him. Check out his very interesting story!, Great story on UD's new golf product!, Check out some live images of two awesome basketball products out in time for March Madness!, It's Throwback Thursday fans which means another fun caption promotion. You guys hear about the Ohio State misspelled jerseys? Ya, we thought so! Check it out and add your caption to this week's photo on the blog for your chance to score!

http://upperdeckblog.com/2014/03/upper-deck-throwback-thursday-create-the-caption-promotion-john-havlicek/, If football doesn't work out for Johnny Manziel, maybe basketball will. Check this out!, Andrew Long is the hardest core hockey interviewer to date. See what happens when he goes "Inside the Net" with Jon Merrill., Football cards have never looked so good. You've got to see this preview of the new Fleer Retro Football delivering next week! And check out the bonus pack offer for box buyers!!!, Time is running out! You have until midnight on March 28 to submit your happy birthday video to Upper Deck for your chance to score a $2500 shopping spree at upperdeckstore.com! Check out one we recently received: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VHY9Y5wrJIo, Why doesn't LeBron James compete in the official Slam Dunk Competition? Because he is so good he competes with himself in his own Slam Dunk Competition after practice. Amazing off-the-wall dunks here!!!, These are too cool not to share. UD is taking classical art and commissioning artists to repaint them on a canvas that is just 2 1/2" x 3 1/2" and somehow they turned out AMAZING! Check out the new Art of the Ages cards from 2014 UD Goodwin Champions!, UD's 25th Anniversary is getting some pretty major media attention. Check out some of the interviews!, Have you always wondered what goes on at the Las Vegas Industry Summit for hobby show owners? Find out here and don't miss the end for details on how you can score one of the exclusive 2014 Upper Deck Las Vegas Industry Summit 25th Anniversary packs for FREE!!!, SP Authentic Golf is a big hit with collectors. Check out this story on the rookies driving the product!, Take a look at this ridiculous hard-signed quad autograph card that will be found in 2013-14 NHL® SP Authentic! WOW!!!, Configuration:
5 cards per pack
20 packs per box
Arrival Date: April 2014

Product Highlights:
Get 3 Autograph Cards per box!
Get at least 1 Auto Future Watch!
Hit it Big with a Signed FW Patch!
Two classes = Top RC talent!
Look for Regular Card Limited Autograph Patch variations!
With 3 tiers (#’d as low as 10)!
Jump Back with ’93-94 SP Retro Hits!
Highlighted by Premier Prospects Gold Autos and Silver Skates Veteran & Rookie Autos!
Sign up a Winner with Immortal Inks!
Marks of Distinction & Premier Chirography rock SPA too!
Collect More Late RC’s!
Future Watch captures additional great phenoms!
Find Authentic Moments!
With sought-after gold ink signed versions too!

Box Break: (on average)
Three (3) Signature Cards
Including One (1) Autographed Future Watch RC
Two (2) Future Watch unsigned cards
Get (4-5) Authentic Moments 
Get (1-2) Authentic Moments multi-player
Five (5) ’93-94 SP Retro cards
Get (2-3) ’93-94 SP Retro Silver Skates
One (1) ’93-94 SP Retro Premier Prospects

Case Break: (on average)
2-3 Autographed Patch cards
Ltd. Auto Patches + Auto FW Patch cards
Three (3) Premium Autographs
Authentic Moments, Single + Multi-Player Autos
’93-94 SP Retro Autos
’93-94 SP Retro Silver Skates, Vet + Rookie Autos
’93-94 SP Retro Premier Prospects Gold Autos
SP Chirography, Premier Chirography, Immortal Inks, Marks of Distinction
Sign of the Times Combos (2’s, 3’s, 4’s, 6,’s, 8’s)
Buyback Autos, 2013-14 Upper Deck Black Basketball arrives in stores today! There's nothing more fun than watching March Madness and cracking some super premium Upper Deck basketball cards! Find autograph cards of Michael Jordan, LeBron James and more!, With March Madness upon us today, it's time for a fun Throwback Thursday caption contest with a basketball player who never played in the NCAA Tournament; LeBron James. If he had played, he would have been amazing! Add your caption to the blog story for your opportunity to score some FREE UD items!, This was a great story. Kudos to the San Jose Sharks for doing something so awesome & inspirational!, It's time to celebrate! Upper Deck shares cake with shops at the Las Vegas Industry Summit after announcing 2014 Upper Deck Football will release with ZERO redemptions! All autograph content will be live in packs! Now that is SWEET!, Throwback Thursday giveaway! Follow the link to provide your caption to score a 25th Anniversary promo set from UD!

, Today is the day!!! Fans can finally score autograph rookie cards of Rory McIlroy from 2014 SP Authentic Golf in stores now. This lucky collector scored his, who is going to be next??? It's going to be a great season to collect golf cards from Upper Deck!, Let's make this hobby better! Check out UD's new Random Acts of Kindness program where collectors can earn a surprise mail day between now and the end of the year just for being kind to each other!, Configuration:
4 cards per pack
20 packs per box
Arrival Date: March 12 2014

Product Highlights:
Get 3 Autograph Cards per box!
At least 1 Authentic Rookie!
Two Must-Have Autographed RC’s!
Rory McIlroy & Michelle Wie!
Collect Limited Auto/Swatch Cards!
Featuring Vets & RC’s!
Thick cards with on-card signatures!
All top players are showcased!
Grab All-NEW Authentic Moments!
Featuring Gold-Paint Pen Autograph versions!
Multi-Player Versions too!
Get 2001 SPA Tiger Woods Tributes!
Multi-sport Signatures!
More SPA Quality Sig Inserts!
SP & Rookie Chirography!
Collect Rookie Extended Series!

Box Break: (on average)
Three (3) Signature Cards
At least one (1) Autographed Authentic Rookie
Eight (8) Rookie Extended Series
Eight (8) Authentic Moments

Case Break: (on average)
Two (2) Limited Signature/Memorabilia hits
Including Auto & Swatch variations
Two (2) of the following Premium Autographs:
Authentic Moments Gold Ink
Sign of The Times Multi-Player
Premium Autograph #’d to 50 or less

Top Golfers to Look For:
Tiger Woods	Rory McIlroy (RC!!)
Jack Nicklaus	Michelle Wie (RC!!)
Arnold Palmer	Ernie Els
Nick Faldo		Fred Couples
Byron Nelson         Chi-Chi Rodriguez, Upper Deck shares some cool images of promotional items around the 2014 Las Vegas Industry Summit! Tune in next week for some details on how you could score one of these special packs!, It's Throwback Thursday fans which means another fun caption promotion. Check it out and add your caption on the blog for your chance to score a special 25th Anniversary promo set!, Check out Ken Griffey Jr. talking about his 1989 Upper Deck rookie card and his relationship with Upper Deck over the years., Configuration:
8 cards per pack
24 packs per box
Product Arrival Date: February

Product Highlights:
More Fresh, Hot Young Guns!
Still delivering 6 per box!
Young Guns Canvas too!
With Galchenyuk & Monahan!
Look for MVP Rookie Updates!
Snag Gold Scripts (#’d to 100) and Super Scripts (#’d to 25)!
Grab Rookie Materials!
Swatch cards hit 1 per box!
Low #’d patch cards too!
Also get O-Pee-Chee Updates!
With Rookie content in full effect from Opening Night!
Find Red-Bordered parallels!

Box Break: (on average)
Six (6) Young Guns RC’s
Four (4) UD Canvas cards
One (1) MVP Rookie Update
Five (5) O-Pee-Chee Updates (including 3-4 RC’s)
One (1) Rookie Materials card
One (1) UD Game Jersey card
Two (2) O-Pee-Chee Retro Updates
Two (2) Hockey Heroes 1990’s

Case Break: (on average)
Six (6) UD Canvas Young Guns
Three (3) UD Canvas Program of Excellence or Retired Stars cards
One (1) Acetate card
One (1) O-Pee-Chee Red Border parallel
One (1) Signature card
One (1) of the following Big Hits –
UD Game Patch (#’d to 15)
Rookie Materials Patch (#’d to 25)
Hockey Heroes 199’s Auto (#’d to 15)
Day with the Cup
Young Guns Printing Plates (#’d 1-of-1)
UD Canvas Autographs (Tavares, #’d to 91)
Buyback Autographs (#’d to 12 or less), Some shops got a sweet surprise from Upper Deck this weekend. Take a look!, When Upper Deck heard some kids were shut out of the Heritage Classic, we donated our tickets so they could attend, check it out!, We just shared over 40 prizes including tickets to the Heritage Classic with fans out at Pastime Sports in Langley, BC today. Just another opportunity to say thanks for 25 great years!, Some dealers are receiving a surprise today; special sports berries with a note that says, "Thanks for making the last 25 years so sweet." PLEASE share some with your customers!!!, Even the Oscar Mayer Wienermobile is wishing UD a happy birthday. Find out how you can score by doing so. Check out this link!, UD's Mike Phillips makes a surprise visit to New Concepts in New Jersey! Look for a full recap of where we went and what we did with shops next week!, Over the next two days Upper Deck staff will make surprise visits to hobby shops in Southern California, Vancouver, Chicago, Philadelphia and Dallas to thank them and their customers for their support over the last 25 years. We just visited Elite Sports Cards in Chicago and shared a Blackhawks banner that hung in the locker room after the Stanley Cup victory and tickets to the Stadium Series Game.

It's a long year and their will be plenty of more visits to shops! We appreciate what these shops do on the front lines to support our customers! Thank you!, Watch Tiger Woods, LeBron James, Wayne Gretzky, Rory McIlroy and more talk about what it has been like working with Upper Deck over the last 25 years! Thank you fans for making us the Collector's Choice!, Check out this exclusive interview with Upper Deck president Jason Masherah on Upper Deck's 25th Anniversary., It's our birthday, but you get the gifts including a shot at a $2500 shopping spree at UpperDeckStore.com! Check out all the details on this historic event right here at www.upperdeck.com/25!, null, Get a first look at Young Guns in 2013-14 NHL Upper Deck Series Two due out next week along with the checklist!, And on the heals of that hockey announcement, how about a Throwback Thursday giveaway! Follow the link to provide your caption to score a mail day from UD!, Pretty big announcement in the world of NHL cards today. While we feel humbled and honored to have earned this exclusive deal, we remain committed to continue to challenge ourselves to build better products, run more engaging campaigns and work to develop the next generation of hockey collectors! Thank you for all your support fans!, Upper Deck Inks Top Football Draft Picks to Trading Card Deals, Check out the incredible card art of Tim Carroll. You've got to see this!, We loved seeing fan's recollections about their favorite Upper Deck cards and memories over the last 25 years. Take a look and see if you share any of the same memories with these collectors!, For the last 25 years we have worked hard to bring you closer to the game and players you love. What is your fondest memory of collecting Upper Deck???, 25 years ago TODAY the first case of 1989 Upper Deck Baseball was delivered to a hobby shop in Tulsa, OK. We will be sharing a variety of exciting promotions and announcements this week to commemorate this event. On our birthday, you get the presents! Thank you for your loyalty and support over the last 25 years!, Congratulations to Team Canada on advancing to the Gold Medal game! USA still has hope for a Bronze. Looking to celebrate? Crack some UD Team Canada packs!, It's Throwback Thursday! The USA takes on Team Canada tomorrow and the last time they met in Vancouver, Sidney Crosby was the star! Add a caption to this card and you could score some FREE SPx Hockey!, 2013-14 NHL SPx arrives in stores today! Check out these previews and go out to crack a box. Post what you get on our timeline!, To celebrate President's Day, tell us which U.S. Presidential Cut Signature card you would most want to pull from an Upper Deck pack!, We love how this fan collected the US Presidents with his sons through Upper Deck cards! Check this out!, Here's a fun story for President's Day. Any fans ever get lucky enough to score a Presidential Cut Signature card from UD? If so, show them off today on our Timeline!, See how Upper Deck helped make this Valentine's Day special for some collectors!, Take a look at the final checklist for 2013-14 NHL Artifacts redeemed rookies along with card images!, Derek Jeter announces his retirement via Facebook! Do you remember his Upper Deck rookie card? Give it a caption by following this link and score a baseball mail day for FREE!, Interested in seeing a preview of the Tiger Woods dual hard-signed autograph cards in 2014 SP Authentic Golf? Yeah, we know you do... Check these out!, Watch as Cory Conacher talks to Matt Puempel about how to fit in with the Ottawa Senators by getting the puck to Erik Karlsson., The Seahawks are Super Bowl Champions! Check out these hot rookie cards of some of their top players!, Find out where the top USA Football Draft picks will be playing their college ball as Upper Deck presents National Signing Day!, An Upper Deck staffer was able to snap some photos during pack out of the new 2013-14 NHL® SPx product. Check it out!, Cool story on the Ken Griffey Jr. Upper Deck rookie card as it turns 25 this year., Seattle scored a long overdue championship for the city in the Super Bowl yesterday and got that monkey off their back. What city do you think is now in most need of winning a championship?, Upper Deck's 2014 Star Rookie Card of Shayne Skov will be different than other cards in the product. Find out why., These hobby shops never looked better! Check out how Upper Deck and Grosnor Distribution are improving the look of many hobby shops!, Want to score a FREE pack of 2013-14 NHL® SP Game-Used? Check this out!, Valentine's Day is coming fans! If you have an idea on how Upper Deck can help you share the love of your hobby with the person you love the most, let us know at UpperDeckMarketing@upperdeck.com. Here is one of our favorite stories from the past on how we helped bring a couple together!, With innovation being such an important aspect of what we do here at Upper Deck, sometimes cards we create do not look good in images or scans, but look amazing in person. Which UD cards do you think get a bum rap for not looking as great in scans, but are showstoppers in person., Upper Deck is making the most of our sponsorship with the NHL® Stadium Series, check this out!, Do you remember the first Upper Deck cards you added to your collection? Do you still have them?, Kids played a big role in the 2014 National Hockey Card Day program. Check out this story on why the industry needs programs like this!, One collector has dedicated much of his life to collecting Wayne Gretzky cards and memorabilia. Check out some of these AMAZING items!, 2013-14 NHL® SP Game-Used arrives in stores today! Check out what it is like to open the product before you score your own packs!, null, Great story on the success of Upper Deck's National Hockey Card Day!, How do you know which Upper Deck NHL product is right for you? Perhaps this fan's product breakdown will help., Check out the new music video celebrating members of Upper Deck's NHL® Double Rookie Class. NOTE: DO NOT WATCH MORE THAN 3 TIMES, THE SONG WILL GET STUCK IN YOUR HEAD!!!, Sometimes fans make their way on UD NHL cards. Check out the Jim Burgera's story: http://www.winnipegfreepress.com/our-communities/herald/NK-man-finds-way-to-Upper-Deck-239692561.html, FREE Upper Deck NHL® Cards Available Throughout Canada and the USA for National Hockey Card Day this Saturday, January 18!, Upper Deck reveals rare autograph cards available in select National Hockey Card Day packs distributed for FREE at hundreds of locations this Saturday, January 18. Find participating shops near you by visiting www.upperdeck.com/nhcd!, Find out where to get FREE Upper Deck National Hockey Card Day packs and sheets next weekend along with other important updates on the promotion!, Ready for a laugh? Find out what happens at the NHL Rookie Combine., A nice story about Upper Deck's Mandi Schwartz Heroic Inspirations jersey card!, UD staff are hard at work packing out 2013-14 NHL SP Game-Used right now. Check out some of the images!!!, The NHL® Winter Classic has quickly become one of the biggest and most anticipated sporting events of the year. This year’s game shattered the previous world record with the largest hockey attendance ever in history! A whopping 105,491 passionate fans braved freezing cold temperatures, wind and snow to watch the Detroit Red Wings take on the Toronto Maple Leafs in the first outdoor game of the year at the Big House in Ann Arbor, Michigan.

Every fan in attendance was also lucky enough to receive a free pack of Upper Deck Winter Classic cards that were created exclusively for the event, and inserted into the Winter Classic seat cushions.  Fans traded amongst themselves to complete the full 20 card set featuring 10 cards from both teams, and some were even lucky enough to find surprise autograph exchange inserts. 

Thousands of collectors and fans stopped by to check out Upper Deck’s Winter Classic booth, located just outside the stadium in ‘Spectator Plaza.’  Fans crowded in the booth and eagerly awaited their turn to get their very own personalized trading card made. To keep waiting fans happy, Upper Deck staff handed out additional packs of the Winter Classic cards, played Pack Wars, handed out prizes and gave kids a chance to dress up a fun life-size magnetic UD hockey player.  There was never a dull (or warm) moment during the event, and Upper Deck definitely gave our fans a memorable and fun experience., Check out 6 reasons why the NHL is gaining in popularity in the USA., Ready for a laugh? Watch as Brendan Gallagher of the Montreal Canadiens tries to get teammate Christian Thomas to enjoy some delicious poutine! Hang in there for the outtakes!, Watch Rory McIlroy talk about signing autographs for Upper Deck Authenticated at a recent signing session!, Collect the first cards ever produced for future college All-Americans and professional superstars!  Get autographs and memorabilia from current college superstars like Todd Gurley!  Past USA Football alumni include players like David Wilson, Joe Bergeron, Jaxon Shipley, Kevin Hogan, and many more!

Regular Set:
Regular Cards (49)
Checklist Card (1)

Autograph Cards:
USA Football Base Card Auto Parallel
USA Football Future Swatch Auto Parallel (# to 5)
USA Football Future Swatch Patch Auto Parallel (# to 2)
USA Football U-19 National Team Signatures

Memorabilia Cards:
USA Football Future Swatch
USA Football Future Swatch Patch Parallel
USA Football U-19 National Team Future Swatch

Configuration:
58 cards per set
20 boxes per case

Every box delivers a 49-card base set plus 1 checklist card!
Eight (8) autographs or memorabilia cards in every box!
Includes at least 2 autographs!
Look for limited #’d autographed memorabilia parallels!
NEW!  Includes autographs and memorabilia from USA Football’s Under 19 National team!

Checklist:
Adrian Bellard
Brennen Blakemore
Canon Smith
D.J. Singleton
Frank Epitropoulos
Hardy Nickerson Jr
Imani Cross
Anu Solomon
Jordan Richmond
Ray Buchanan Jr
Ryan Reid
Terry Richardson
Zach Espinosa
Alex Carter
Brian Gaia
Carlos Mendoza
Daje Johnson
Freddie Tagaloa
Ian Park
Jameis Winston
Javelle Allen
Malcom Brown
Romond Deloatch
Sean Maguire
Timothy Cole 
Andre McDonald
Caleb Blueitt
Colby Cooke
Devin Funchess
Gimel President
Ifeadi Odenigbo
James Ross
Joe Harris
Moana Ofahengaue
Ronald Geohaghan
Se’Von Pittman
Todd Gurley
Boone Feldt
Caleb Stacey
Corey Coleman
Felix Romero
Greg Garmon
Ikenna Nwafor
Jarrett Irving
Joey Hunt
Noor Davis
Royce Jenkins-Stone
Spencer Stanley
Trey Keenan 

Release - December 2012, After his AMAZING fourth quarter performance, what do you think this Jameis Winston Upper Deck USA Football Autograph card will ultimately sell for?, Time to laugh with a new NHL Bad Lip Dub video from UD! Watch players from your favorite NHL teams say the most interesting things!, Hockey legend Wayne Gretzky talks about his signature style during an autograph session with Upper Deck. You've got to see some of the amazing collectibles he is signing!, See the Heisman Trophy winner; Jameis Winston in action tonight in Pasadena in the BCS National Championship game. Find his first football cards, memorabilia cards, plate cards and autograph cards only in UD's 2012 USA Football product!, Configuration:
5 cards per pack
5 packs per box
Arrival Date: January 2014

Content Configuration:
Get 1 Autograph or Memorabilia Hit in Every Pack!
Every Box features at least 1 Autograph card!

Product Highlights:
Collect Authentic Rookie Cards!
Numbered to jersey number!
Also get 1-of-1 signed versions!
Tons of Memorabilia Hits from the 2013 Stanley Cup Finals!
Net Cord cards, Net Skirt Autos, (NEW) Game Puck cards, 1-of-1 Net Skirt Patches and more!
Also Find Great Unique Hits from the 2012 NHL Winter Classic!
Net Shield cards + hugely popular Net Cord cards!
Tons of cool hits from all angles!
Supreme Sticks,  Gloves & Skates – plus Draft Day Marks!

More Product Highlights:
Tandem Twigs!
Dual stick hits always worth a cheer!
Game Gear cards!
Featuring four swatches of memorabilia, still #’d to just 3!
Inked Rookie Sweaters!
Look for all-NEW Patch parallels this year!
And the Authentic Fabrics Family!
Duals, Triples & Quads!
Featuring Jerseys + Patches!
Also grab gold, patch, fight strap & tag variations!
Score a big one with 5’s, 6’s, 7’s & 8’s!, Take a look at an exclusive interview with Tiger Woods during a recent signing session., #1 UD Story of the Year - Upper Deck makes a special trading card for an amazingly inspirational athlete!, #2 UD Story of the Year - UD rocks the 2013 National Sports Collectors Convention!, #3 UD Story of the Year - The NHL Network stops by to find out how we produce the world's greatest collectibles!, #4 UD Story of the Year - Upper Deck creates a special baseball card for an American hero and has Tommy Lasorda unveil it to him!, #5 UD Story of the Year - UD shares FREE packs of NHL cards with fans throughout the US and Canada for National Hockey Card Day! Don't miss your free packs when National Hockey Card Day returns on 1/18/14!, #6 UD Story of the Year - Fans finally experience the UD NHL Double Rookie Class at the Fall Expo with the release of 2013-14 NHL Upper Deck Series One. UD made a big impression with fans at the show with a variety of awesome promos!, #7 UD Story of the Year - We've done a lot with kids in 2013 like donations, giveaways and more, but one of our favorites was this recent story!, #8 UD Story of the Year - We award the Father of the Year Award to a very worthy candidate!, #9 UD Story of the Year - A Twitter fan gets a special surprise from UD!, Time for the Top Ten stories of 2013! #10 - UD surprises a Rory McIlroy fan with a special gift., Happy New Year's fans! What was your best Upper Deck trading card moment from 2013? Looking forward to creating new great memories with collectors in 2014!, Any fans heading to the Winter Classic? We've got a special set for those of you who are and the opportunity to get your very own UD card made! Check this out!, Watch Upper Deck surprise a young collector with a pack of NHL The Cup cards!, UD continues the company's tradition of producing a special holiday card. Check out some from over the years and find out how you can score one from this year for FREE!, Lots of folks giving and receiving Upper Deck and Upper Deck Authenticated collectibles this holiday season! Thanks to all of our fans for making us part of your holidays! Get anything great? Share it on our timeline!, This Upper Deck Derek Jeter 1993 SP Authentic Rookie PSA 10 card just sold for $33,842. Nice holiday gift for someone don't you think?, Configuration:
4 cards per pack
20 packs per box
Arrival Date: March 12 2014

Product Highlights:
Get 3 Autograph Cards per box!
At least 1 Authentic Rookie!
Two Must-Have Autographed RC’s!
Rory McIlroy & Michelle Wie!
Collect Limited Auto/Swatch Cards!
Featuring Vets & RC’s!
Thick cards with on-card signatures!
All top players are showcased!
Grab All-NEW Authentic Moments!
Featuring Gold-Paint Pen Autograph versions!
Multi-Player Versions too!
Get 2001 SPA Tiger Woods Tributes!
Multi-sport Signatures!
More SPA Quality Sig Inserts!
SP & Rookie Chirography!
Collect Rookie Extended Series!

Box Break: (on average)
Three (3) Signature Cards
At least one (1) Autographed Authentic Rookie
Eight (8) Rookie Extended Series
Eight (8) Authentic Moments

Case Break: (on average)
Two (2) Limited Signature/Memorabilia hits
Including Auto & Swatch variations
Two (2) of the following Premium Autographs:
Authentic Moments Gold Ink
Sign of The Times Multi-Player
Premium Autograph #’d to 50 or less

Top Golfers to Look For:
Tiger Woods	Rory McIlroy (RC!!)
Jack Nicklaus	Michelle Wie (RC!!)
Arnold Palmer	Ernie Els
Nick Faldo		Fred Couples
Byron Nelson         Chi-Chi Rodriguez, Releasing in January 2014, UD Black Basketball will feature the top legends and rookies including Paul George!, Configuration:
5 Cards per pack
24 Packs per box
12 Boxes per case

Regular Set:
Regular Cards (100)
Rookie/Legend SP (50)
Rookie Auto Patch (35)
Key Highlights:
Rookie Auto Patch (#’d to 650 or less)
Rookie and Legendary Threads Auto Jersey (#’d to 275 or less)
Shadow Box Art (1:110)
Sign of the Times Dual, Triple and Quad Autographs (#’d to 25 or less)

Break Summary:
Three (3) Autographs per box!
Includes at least one (1) Rookie Auto Patch card #’d to 650 or less!
BONUS PACKS! Get four (4) packs of SP Threads Football inside every case!
NEW! Two (2) Shadow Box Art cards per case!
Four (4) SP canvas regular card variations per box!

NEW!!  Look for Shadow Box Art cards with rare signature variations!

Four (4) SP Threads Football packs in every case!
Each pack contains one (1) SP Threads Autographed Jersey or Patch card!
Rookies #’d to 275 or less
Legends #’d to 10 or less

Collect the 150-card 1996 SP Football Set
100 SP Prospects 
50 SP Base Cards

Look for multi-signed cards #’d to 25 or less!, Configuration:
8 cards per pack
24 packs per box
Product Arrival Date: February

Product Highlights:
More Fresh, Hot Young Guns!
Still delivering 6 per box!
Young Guns Canvas too!
With Galchenyuk & Monahan!
Look for MVP Rookie Updates!
Snag Gold Scripts (#’d to 100) and Super Scripts (#’d to 25)!
Grab Rookie Materials!
Swatch cards hit 1 per box!
Low #’d patch cards too!
Also get O-Pee-Chee Updates!
With Rookie content in full effect from Opening Night!
Find Red-Bordered parallels!

Box Break: (on average)
Six (6) Young Guns RC’s
Four (4) UD Canvas cards
One (1) MVP Rookie Update
Five (5) O-Pee-Chee Updates (including 3-4 RC’s)
One (1) Rookie Materials card
One (1) UD Game Jersey card
Two (2) O-Pee-Chee Retro Updates
Two (2) Hockey Heroes 1990’s

Case Break: (on average)
Six (6) UD Canvas Young Guns
Three (3) UD Canvas Program of Excellence or Retired Stars cards
One (1) Acetate card
One (1) O-Pee-Chee Red Border parallel
One (1) Signature card
One (1) of the following Big Hits –
UD Game Patch (#’d to 15)
Rookie Materials Patch (#’d to 25)
Hockey Heroes 199’s Auto (#’d to 15)
Day with the Cup
Young Guns Printing Plates (#’d 1-of-1)
UD Canvas Autographs (Tavares, #’d to 91)
Buyback Autographs (#’d to 12 or less), NEW CONFIGURATION!:
4 cards per pack
12 packs per box (plus Bonus pack!)
6 boxes per inner shipper / 2 inners per cs.
Product Arrival Date: February

Product Highlights:
Get 4 Autographed, Memorabilia or Premium Hits per Box!
Grab at least 1 Auto Rookie Jersey card!
Find ’96-97 SPx Retro cards!
Including on-card autographs!
Look for inscribed signatures on select Auto Rookie Patch cards (#’d to 30)!
(NEW) Hit more RC’s with Trilogy Updates!
3 levels of #ing build in massive value!
Including No. 1 Pick Nathan MacKinnon
Collect Shadow Box case hit cards!
Get 1 Ice Bonus Pack in every Box!
Look for SPx & Ice Buyback Autos, incl. Wayne Gretzky!

Box Break: (on average)
4 Hits from the Following -- 
SPx Autographed Rookie Jerseys (#’d to 399 & 699) – at least 1 per box
Rookie Materials (1/box)
Winning Materials or Winning Combos (1/box)
Winning Materials, Combos or Trios Patch
Rookies, Gold Auto parallel (#’d to 15)
Trilogy Auto Rookie Updates (#’d to 25, 49 & 149)
Rookie Materials Combos & Trios (including Patch //’s)
SPx & Ice Buyback Autos
Shadow Box (including Autos)
1996-97 SPx Retro Rookie Autos (Hard-Signed!)

Plus, Collect the Following -- 
One (1) UD Ice Bonus Pack (featuring an Ice Premieres RC (four tiers, #’d from 99 to 999)
Two (2) 1996-97 SPx Retro (including rare Rookies)
6 SPx Rookies SPs (including at least 1 SSP)

Case Break: (on average)
1-2 Auto Rookie Jerseys, Level 2 (#’d to 399)
Two (2) Rookie Materials Combos (1 per inner)
One (1) Auto Rookie Patch, or Rookie Materials/Combos/Trios Patch
One (1) Shadow Box card
Two (2) SPx Retro Auto Rookies (1 per inner)
4-5 SPx Retro Rookies
1-2 Winning Trios, Fans seem to be enjoying 2013 Ultimate Collection Football so far. Check out this entire story on the product with details on how you can score a FREE pack of the product at the end!, Upper Deck helps make some incredible memories for two families as they are surprised with The Cup! You've got to check this out!, UD shares the full checklists for the 2014 National Hockey Card Day promotion in Canada and the USA! Get your free pack on Saturday, January 18!!!, Upper Deck cards make great stocking stuffers! Watch this young fan go nuts when he pulls an autograph card he found in an Upper Deck pack from his stocking on Christmas morning!, Collecting trading cards is one of the friendliest hobbies in the world. Check out some stories from collectors about how others helped them complete sets or add to their personal collections! This is what makes the hobby so great!, 'Tis the season to score FREE cards! Check out this fun holiday giveaway from your friends at Upper Deck!, null, What is the kindest act a collector you had never met in person before has done for you and your collection?, Former Yale Hockey Star Mandi Schwartz is Honored by Upper Deck with a ‘Heroic Inspirations’ Game-Worn Jersey Card, HUGE pull at Sports Cards Plus in San Antonio last night from 2012-13 Exquisite Collection Basketball! Congratulations! What a card!!!, Do you like FREE NHL packs? They are coming your way on Saturday, January 18 for Upper Deck's annual National Hockey Card Day promotion in Canada and the USA! Check with your shop and make sure they are going to be involved in the 2014 program!, UD announces players featured for 2013 Team Canada Hockey Trade Cards!, Have you always been curious how Upper Deck cards are made? Check out this rare behind-the-scenes story the NHL Network filmed at Upper Deck to show fans how the world's greatest hockey cards are made!, Cute video from a recent Bulls game where a cheerleader gets a surprise marriage proposal., Are you a sports fan who celebrates Christmas? Here's a fun way of celebrating the holiday by putting a different type of star at the top of your tree., Cool story from Fox Sports about the man who now owns the Jordan 16 booklet auto from a group break., For those of you who celebrate Christmas, check out this creative idea for holiday decorations!, Upper Deck has always made a practice of giving back and saying thank you to members of the military. This year we called out a favor from an old friend to make a donation to our friends at Operation Gratitude extra special. Check it out!, Fans of Team Canada Hockey have been loving Upper Deck's new set, but here's a collection of Team Canada cards you've got to see to believe! Check this out!, Do you have a Rock Chalk Jayhawk fan on your holiday list? Use promo code KUFAN at checkout and get one free blaster box when you purchase two along with free shipping! Celebrate the history and excitement around KU Basketball with this one-of-a-kind product!, Here's something you don't see everyday. Watch as 25,000 teddy bears are thrown on the ice for this awesome charity event in Calgary., Take care of the Fighting Irish fan in your life by ordering blaster boxes of Upper Deck's Notre Dame Football product this holiday season! We are running a special promo where when you buy 2 blaster boxes you will get 1 for FREE! Along with FREE shipping! Use promo code NDFAN at checkout: http://upperdeckstore.com/trading-cards/university-of-notre-dame-football-cards-blaster-box.html, It was a crazy weekend in college football, but one of the craziest plays came in a game you probably didn't watch. Check out the blocking on this punt return!, Thanks to all the fans who ventured out this weekend to support Small Business Saturday by visiting local card shops and scoring some cool Upper Deck promo items! As you look to shop for the sports fans on your list, make sure to visit Upper Deck Certified Diamond Dealers in your area. Many are running a variety of holiday promotions to save you money and make you look like a world champion gift giver!, Some great cyber Monday deals to be had on awesome Upper Deck memorabilia for the sports fan in your life. Make sure to check them out before they are gone!!!, Looking for the perfect sports gifts for your dad? Here are some great ideas for you & make sure to look for big deals and free shipping on UD's online store (www.upperdeckstore.com) this weekend!, This one had us laughing courtesy of the Detroit Pistons. Who do you think won this dance off?, Upper Deck is providing hobby shops that have opened in 2013 with some pretty awesome support for Small Business Saturday on November 30, check this out!, On the 50th anniversary of the Kennedy assassination, Upper Deck offers a tribute to JFK through trading cards., Always been curious about what group breaks are and how you can join one? Check out this story with a full rundown on box and case group breaks!, Here is a fun look at some of the promos and events Upper Deck's Hockey team has shared with fans this year! This time of year we are very thankful for all of your support!, Exquisite Collection Basketball arrives in stores today! Couldn't make it out to check it out? Check out some of the group breaks that are being posted to YouTube now to see this amazing product first hand!, It is AMAZING to see how creative collectors can be on using hockey cards to redecorate a room. You've got to check this out!, Looking for rookie cards in a mainstream football release of Matt McGloin? There is only one place to find them, here at Upper Deck!, Always dreamed of taking the ultimate sports road trip and visiting every venue for your favorite sport? Here are some great tips to making your dream a reality!, Anyone have an extra $23,000? What do you think this will eventually sell for?, Check out how UD surprised some player collectors at the Fall Expo!, Cool news, not only did 2013-14 NHL Upper Deck Series One have ZERO redemptions, but that will be the case for 2013-14 NHL Black Diamond and the new Upper Deck Team Canada set as well. All autograph content will appear live in these products with zero redemption cards used!, See some of the efforts Upper Deck continues to make to engage future generations of collectors!, Upper Deck made a HUGE showing at the 2013 Fall Sports Card & Memorabilia Expo in Toronto this weekend sharing a variety of giveaways and other compelling programs with fans in attendance. It was truly a memorable weekend that collectors in attendance will remember for some time., Upper Deck Donates Thousands of NHL® Packs to Defending the Blue Line Charity This Veteran’s Day!, null, How would you like to score a FREE hobby case of 2013-14 NHL Upper Deck Series One featuring Young Guns rookie cards from members of the Double Rookie Class??? Here is your shot! Check out this awesome giveaway from Upper Deck!, Interesting article on the release of 2013-14 NHL Upper Deck Series One although there are a couple errors with regard to numbers on hobby shops. UD has over 1250 shops in the U.S.A. and over 400 in Canada., See how Upper Deck created the ultimate collectible to celebrate the wedding of two hockey fans! What can we say, we are a little romantic and like to surprise our fans with some unique items., Today is the day NHL fans have been waiting for as Upper Deck Series One releases to hobby shops throughout the USA and Canada! This is your first chance to experience the power of Upper Deck's NHL Double Rookie Class with dozens of awesome Young Guns rookie cards making their way into the market today!, Celebrate the release of 2013-14 NHL Upper Deck and the true start to UD's Double Rookie Class releases with these fun E-Cards. Download them and share online!, Here are two Michael Jordan and LeBron James autograph cards the likes of which you have NEVER seen before along with some other amazing images from 2012-13 Exquisite Collection Basketball., Are any fans planning on taking the day off of work tomorrow just to open 2013-14 NHL Upper Deck Series One? The release of UD1 is not currently a holiday, but it should be..., Really cool story about how parents put trading cards in a time capsule for their kids that they opened on their tenth birthday. Definitely something for parents who are sports fans to look at as his son LOVED it!, One of our loyal basketball collectors shares his amazing collection of high-end UD trading cards. You've got to see this!, We've heard from a few fans that are excited about getting a case of 2013-14 NHL Upper Deck Series One and just putting it away for ten years or so. Any UD Facebook fans planning on doing that? Any fans do that from the 2005-06 NHL season? Certainly turned out well for collectors who did there., Football prospecting collectors are loving three quarterbacks that have been doing some amazing things recently. Check them out!, Anything interesting happen on this day in sports? We are glad you asked. 100 years ago today Notre Dame became the first school to use the forward pass extensively in a romp of Army, changing the game of football forever! And we've got the card to prove it!, null, Two UD staffers put together some pretty cool sports themed costumes for Halloween, check them out!, Upper Deck is planning on making the 2013 Sportscards & Memorabilia Expo in Toronto a show to remember November 8-10. Find out why this is one show you will not want to miss because of all the FREE giveaways and AWESOME autograph cards you could score by opening Upper Deck NHL trading cards there!, Just another reason why college football is awesome! Amazing job by the Ohio State marching band. You gotta see this!, null, See how Upper Deck shared thousands of packs of new trading cards with fire & police departments throughout San Diego county to distribute to kids this Halloween. Trick or Trade!, Upper Deck surprises Georgia Tech's Nick Selby with a Mail Day. Show your school spirit and you could be next!, See how Upper Deck is planning to bring smiles to kids who won't be able to go Trick or Treating this year., null, Arriving on November 19!

Everything you've been missing from the premium basketball market:

Limited Production 
Hard-Signed Autographs 
The Best Brand Name in Basketball
Innovative Inserts
LeBron James & Michael Jordan 
The Best Basketball Pack Opening Experience, Earlier this week we asked fans, "What would you do to receive a FREE pack of 2012-13 NHL The Cup?" The responses were VERY entertaining. Thanks to everyone who responded. We reached out to ten fans we thought we could do something fun with so make sure to check your in box and "other" box to see if we contacted you.

By the way, what was up with all the fans looking to get Upper Deck tattoos for a free pack of The Cup? That's permanent fans! Just ask this guy!, Only Upper Deck starts young hockey players off by making them aware of how important their signature is. Here's an oldie, but a goodie!, One of the most common questions we are asked here at Upper Deck is, "What are the best ways to figure out what my cards are worth?" Check out some tips on the best ways to determine values on your Upper Deck trading cards. For our seasoned collectors, if card values are important to you, what tips do you have for assessing the value on your trading cards?, During and after the pack out of 2012-13 NHL The Cup, we became aware of some errors on a small percentage of the cards. Many error cards were pulled during the pack out process, but others have made their way into the market. The Cup is a super premium brand so it is important for Upper Deck to offer our customers super premium service on any issues they experience with the product. Should you have pulled an error card from a pack, please contact Upper Deck Customer Care at qa@upperdeck.com or at (800)873-7332. We apologize for any of these errors and will continue to work in a steadfast manner to avoid their inclusion in future products., Upper Deck donated several thousand packs to Rady's Childrens Hospital today. Tomorrow we will be donating several thousand more to local law enforcement and fire departments for our "Trick or Trade" event. Here's a picture for a previous "Trick or Trade" event. Remember, trading cards make a great alternative to candy for Halloween and tell the kids, "Trick or Trade!", Finalized Image for UD Young Guns set!, At long last fans, we are happy to share the checklist for 2013-14 NHL Upper Deck Series One! This is your first opportunity to score live rookies of UD's Double Rookie Class, don't miss it!, Here's something you don't see every day..., What would you do to receive a FREE pack of 2012-13 NHL The Cup?, These are LIVE images of 2012-13 NHL The Cup from the product pack out!, Watch as UD chats with ESPN about the new Kansas basketball set!, If your mom says collecting trading cards is a waste of time, maybe have her check out this story. Very interesting read about an expert in finance who developed his knowledge base and passion for that industry by trading hockey cards as a youngster., The product you've all been waiting for arrives on 10/22/13!, How cool are Upper Deck's Tiger Woods Master Collection cards? So cool that even Barry Sanders wants to collect them. https://twitter.com/BarrySanders/status/320566014641311744/photo/1, The product you've all been waiting for arrives on 10/22/13!, This Halloween get creative and go as your favorite Upper Deck trading card!, What I love the most about Upper Deck's Young Guns rookie cards is _______________________., One of our collectors has been trying for years to find the last card he needs to complete an awesome set. Let's see if our fans can help him locate this last card!!!, The NHL Network came to Upper Deck Headquarters yesterday to film a behind the scenes piece on how trading cards are made and we decided to turn the cameras on them as they opened some new Upper Deck Artifacts. Check out how it went down., Take a look how Upper Deck Hockey cards were used in this wedding!, Tom Brady wasn't the only New England player who came up clutch last night. What about Big Papi and his grand slam heroics?!?! It's crazy to think what would have happened if he would have never left the Twins.

Fun Fact, born David Americo Ortiz Arias, many of his rookie cards list him as David Arias. It wasn't until he arrived in Minnesota that he shared with the team he preferred to be listed as David Ortiz., Fans holding this card have ear to ear smiles today as Tom Brady added to his legend last night with a late drive to beat the New Orleans Saints: http://scores.espn.go.com/nfl/recap?gameId=331013017, Fans holding on to his Upper Deck rookie cards are sitting pretty! Nothing could distract Justin Verlander last night, not even Kate Upton: http://msn.foxsports.com/mlb/story/justin-verlander-taunted-by-oakland-fans-with-kate-upton-cutouts-101113, With so much interest around Upper Deck's NHL Double Rookie Class a lot of fans are curious what some of the best ways are to get started collecting hockey cards. Check this out for tips and make sure to share with friends who are hockey fans, but not yet collectors., Teachers who participated in the "Upper Deck Cares About Educators" program are beginning to receive their complimentary packages with hundreds of free packs and promotional items to use in the classroom. It is exciting to help teachers deliver a better experience for students using Upper Deck cards!, We were able to make a late change and have Tomas Hertl's UD Canvas Young Guns card commemorate his amazing 4th goal last night. Check this out!, We told you for months this Double Rookie Class was going to be special in the NHL this season. Watch as 19-year-old Tomas Hertl scores four goals for the San Jose Sharks last night. The last goal he scored was AMAZING! Look for Hertl and other UD Double Rookie Class Young Guns in 2013-14 NHL Upper Deck Series One releasing in early November., Always wondered what a case break is or thought about getting involved? Watch as Matt from Blowout Cards goes on with ESPN to discuss the new trend. And remember to work through UD Authorized Group Breakers on new product releases: http://www.upperdeck.com/corporate/news-and-events/2013-08-13.aspx, 2013-14 NHL Artifacts arrives in stores today. Check out some of the cards we pulled and make sure to post your hits to our timeline!, This is a live image of the product from quality control boxes we opened during the production of these cards. We wanted to share to give fans a better feel for the look of the cards. Should be a great product!, Terrelle Pryor has looked very good thus far for the Raiders, especially last night! Upper Deck delivered the first rookie and autograph rookie cards of Pryor back in 2011. They are very limited so if you already have them in your collection, you are looking good! Here's more on them., Jameis Winston racked up 5 touchdowns and some amazing plays against a top 25 team today continuing his awesome performance with Florida State. Get his USA UD Football cards while you can!, We are thrilled to share this very positive news about one of our favorite athletes this year, keep fighting the good fight Jack Hoffman! Thanks to all the fans who helped to support finding a cure for pediatric brain cancer by donating to Team Jack directly or with your purchase of his Upper Deck Star Rookie card available through his website at teamjackfoundation.org., Artifacts comes out next week. Get a sneak preview!, Check out all the details on the new Kansas Basketball set including special promotional cards available in the Kansas area!, Upper Deck's 2012-13 NHL The Cup is set to release on 10/22. There have been some questions about the content in the product on message boards so we took a little time out to share more details on this highly anticipated release., Teachers share lesson plans on how they use Upper Deck trading cards in the classroom., The NHL season gets underway tonight! Find out why NOW is the perfect time to collect Upper Deck NHL cards!, More big performances this week in college football from Team USA alumni. Check it out and score your set here: http://upperdeckstore.com/2012-usa-football-cards.html, One of the greatest collegiate basketball programs is honored with an exclusive trading card set releasing this week!, What would you do if you came home and had an unexpected Upper Deck Mail Day waiting for you and inside was a personalized note from your favorite athlete? Well for Michael Crew, that is EXACTLY what happened today. You've got to see this!, It's not just the Ice Crew that dislikes the catfish thrown on the ice at Nashville Predators games. In some cases, it is the players... You have got to see this., It is never fun to lose cards in the mail. If you've seen either of these two cards, the owner would love to hear about it. Hopefully with all our fans, perhaps someone knows who took these amazing cornerstones of a collection., We are hoping our small donation can help raise money and awareness for Team Jack!, While this is some good news and good updates on the redemption front, it is important fans know we remain committed to reducing the amount of redemption cards that go into packs and tracking down athletes who haven't signed yet. We appreciate your patience with these programs as well! Lots of UD Mail Days this month however!, Most collectors know how to price their cards, but getting a value on memorabilia can be much more difficult. So we talked to a variety of resources and put a guide together for you. Check it out!, Waiting for the announcement of Upper Deck's NHL The Cup product can be frustrating for fans. Here's a fun video a fan did a few years back about the delays on that product that was actually filmed at UD Headquarters. We'll share Part 2 tomorrow. Enjoy!, The Bud Light commercial for superstitious sports fans is pretty funny. We know many of our collectors are even more superstitious than a regular sports fan cheering for their team as many take into account where they open UD packs, how they open them, who they are with, what they are listening to, etc. all in a quest to have the best mojo possible. What are some of our collecting superstitions when it comes to cracking new Upper Deck packs, boxes and cases?, We've received a solid response to this promotion thus far and will likely close it early, but we still have product available for teachers. Make this the weekend you write up the lesson plan, grab a photo in the classroom Monday, send it off to us and you can get FREE UD cards to use in the class!, Any fans of the CBS show Survivor out there? Check out some ways you can collect current and former castaways!, Check out some thoughts on what the Trent Richardson trade from the Cleveland Browns to the Indianapolis Colts means for collectors., UD's Chris Carlin visits with ESPN at the National Sports Collectors Convention talking about the company's Chicago Blackhawks set., UD's USA Football set continues to draw attention as players post big games in the college ranks., When it is all said and done and their careers are over, which quarterback will have the most valuable rookie cards; Andrew Luck, Robert Griffin III or Russell Wilson?, We just got in a lot of outstanding redemptions for Sidney Crosby and Alexander Ovechkin that we are in the process of shipping out to fans now. We thought you might want to take a look at some that we received. For those waiting on these, you will see the status on your online account change for the ones we received back shortly. Thank you all for your patience and we hope you enjoy these awesome cards from NHL's best!, Upper Deck's President, Jason Masherah, surprised staff with special employee cards this week. Check them out!, LIKE this post if your Mom DIDN'T throw away your trading cards when you were growing up. If she did throw them away, tell us your story here. Think of it as online therapy and the first step in forgiving mom. :), Another week and another HUGE performance by a former Team USA Football member. This week it was Todd Gurley running wild for Georgia and helping them get a huge victory. Collect his USA Football cards exclusively from UD!, We have learned that our college football fans are very passionate. And here's an excellent example of just how passionate and loyal some are with their commitment and love for their school. We need to send this young man some Georgia Tech cards, but we are worried about how excited it may make him... :), Great story about a truly inspirational kid! UD is proud to work so closely with Cards2Kids., Congratulations to Landon Donovan and Team USA on a big win against Mexico today. The team will be heading to the World Cup with the win. Check out some of the cool items UD offers for Landon Donovan!, Too cute not to share. Fun to see the youngster who scored the Wayne Gretzky autograph we recently gave away show it off!, 7 touchdowns against the Super Bowl Champions last night. Wow Peyton Manning! If you are a Bronco fan or have Peyton Manning on your Fantasy Team you had to LOVE that game last night. Here's an item to commemorate that amazing performance!, For a limited time, Upper Deck is offering FREE packs of trading cards to teachers to use in their classrooms. Take a look at this if you are a teacher and share with those you think would be interested!, It's Throwback Thursday! Let's flashback to Thomas from Switzerland and his amazing Kobe Bryant Upper Deck collection! http://upperdeckblog.com/2012/06/did-you-know-kobe-bryant-is-a-superstar-in-switzerland/, Jameis Winston went out in his first game for Florida State last weekend completing 25 of 27 passes for 356 yards with four passing touchdowns and one rushing touchdown. His only licensed football cards comes from Upper Deck. Check this out!, We are looking for Notre Dame Football super collectors for a feature on our blog and perhaps elsewhere. If you've compiled an impressive collection of UD ND Football cards, especially from the new UD ND Football product, let us know. Email us at UpperDeckMarketing@upperdeck.com and tell us about your collection!, Check out this story on how to get kids into collecting trading cards and share the hobby with the next generation of collectors!, What is the best age to introduce kids to trading cards? Any tips from parents, teachers, show owners, etc. about how you have successfully shared the hobby with the next generation of collectors? We are putting together a story on this and would love to have some additional quotes from fans. Thanks!, UD staff are dressed to impress on College Colors Day. Hopefully you are too!!!, Upper Deck shares full plans for College Colors Day tomorrow with a promotion for those who have participating shops nearby and one for those who do not. Seven collectors will get to live the dream and have actual Upper Deck trading cards made of themselves with their favorite college team. Check this out and show your college pride!, David Price of the Tampa Bay Devil Rays warmed up in the bullpen in his college alma mater football gear yesterday. He never played serious football, but it was always a dream of his. Clearly he is getting ready for College Colors Day tomorrow! Stay tuned for details today on how you can participate and have a dream come true experience (much like Price) of being a college star only from Upper Deck!, Congratulations to Kristy Wilson-Tunstead on scoring the Wayne Gretzky autograph card. She plans on giving it to her son (shown here) who is a huge Gretzky fan in Canada and an avid hockey player. We love exposing the next generation of collectors to exciting trading card experiences like getting a Gretzky autograph card. We are sure it will find a good home with them.

Thanks to everyone who participated in this giveaway. We were blown away with the response and it actually was extremely competitive. Look for more exciting giveaways right here in the future!, Want to score some awesome prizes including an Upper Deck college trading card featuring YOU? Don't miss out on our College Colors Day promotion just one week from today!, Upper Deck's Personalized Hockey Trading Card Station has been a HUGE hit at the Fan Expo in Toronto thus far. Stop by to have your very own Upper Deck Hockey Card made this weekend!!!, Upper Deck reveals full plans for Fan Expo starting tomorrow! See you in Toronto fans!!!, To welcome Wayne Gretzky back to Upper Deck & Upper Deck Authenticated, we are giving away this Wayne Gretzky autograph card from the new 2013-14 NHL Trilogy product to one of our worldwide fans. Here is what you need to do to participate (please note, you need to follow these rules exactly for your opportunity to score this card):

1. Upload an image of your favorite Upper Deck manufactured Wayne Gretzky card and make that your profile picture. You can also upload an image of you holding that card.
2. Once you have that image as your profile picture, come back to this post and share a comment (At least two sentences, no more than four) as to why you would be thrilled to pull as Wayne Gretzky autograph card from a new Upper Deck product. Post with your updated profile image must be made by Friday, August 23 at 5:00 p.m. Pacific. Comments containing profanity or that are inappropriate will be removed. Additionally, comments where the profile picture does not have an Upper Deck Wayne Gretzky card shown will also be removed so make sure your profile picture is updated before you post.
3. Leave that image as your profile picture until Wednesday, August 28 at 5:00 p.m. Pacific. We will be checking this post to confirm profile pictures do not change during this period.
4. We will select the fan you kept their profile picture the same for that period who most skillfully captures the excitement of pulling a Wayne Gretzky autograph card in their post. We will announce the fan selected on Thursday, August 29.

Thanks fans for helping UD to celebrate the renewal of our exclusive deal with hockey's greatest legend; Wayne Gretzky. Should you have any questions on this promotion feel free to post them here and we will respond., With the announcement of a long term extension to our exclusive deal with Wayne Gretzky, maybe we should give away a signed card from the Great One to our fans. What do you think? Stay tuned for details on how you can score a Gretzky autograph card from Upper Deck!, Pretty cool this card was pulled just as we announce the renewal of our deal with Wayne Gretzky. This patch card is a great one!!!, null, UD & Wayne Gretzky Step Up Partnership Together. Welcome Home Wayne!, We just got a final tally from our friends Cards 2 Kids that they received in 300,000 trading cards as donations when they were set up at the Upper Deck booth at the National Sports Collectors Convention. Thank you to everyone who donated cards to this organization during the show. It will go a long way to bringing smiles to deserving young kids throughout the U.S.A. and Canada!, We have a variety of upgrades planned for our family of websites over the next few months that will greatly enhance the collector experience. We just launched the new online store officially today. Check it out!, UD & Hockey Canada sign a multi-year licensing extension!, Things are heating up at the Hockey Hall-of-Fame this summer and Upper Deck partnered with the hallowed hall of hockey to produce a special incentive to visit this summer. The NHL Team Fan Days are an awesome promotion celebrating each of the NHL’s active franchises. On 30 select days this summer, the Hockey Hall-of-Fame will spotlight a different team and the first 1,000 fans can score a limited-edition Upper Deck game-worn jersey card of a captain or alternate captain from that team with paid admission. It’s a promotion that collectors will want to get in line for and another great reason to visit the Hockey Hall-of-Fame.

The trading card promotion coincides with a special exhibit called the “NHL Captains – Class of 2013!” which is a display of 30 game-worn jerseys from each of the players featured in the card set. This compelling promotion allows fans to see all these captain and alternate captain jerseys and then take a piece home with them in the form of a game-worn jersey card. Upper Deck and the Hockey Hall-of-Fame are pleased to work together to provide hockey fans a way of remembering their visit by adding a limited collectible to their collections through this promotion.

And besides the cards, there are a variety of other reasons to visit on your team’s special day with promotions for fans wearing team apparel and the chance to win a variety of prizes. Visit the official Hockey Hall-of-Fame website for more details and make sure to follow the Hockey Hall-of-Fame on Twitter and like them on Facebook!, UD reveals more images of the Trade Upper Deck Football cards good for Andrew Luck!, The silent treatment after a home-run is one of the great clubhouse pranks in baseball. Check this one out., Configuration:
4 cards per pack
1 pack per box
15 boxes per case
Product Arrival Date: October 2013

2013 Ultimate Collection Football is back with never before seen Rookie autographed die-cut booklet cards!  Delivering more hits than ever before in Ultimate Collection, the 2013 product guarantees collectors the top autographs and memorabilia from choice stars in every single box! 

Regular Set:
Regular Cards (50)
Rookies (33)
Ultimate Rookie Signatures Tier 2 (# to 265)
Ultimate Rookie SignaturesTier 1 (# to 99)

Top Inserts:
Ultimate Super Patch (# to 25)
Ultimate Material Dual Signature Patch Parallel (# to 10) 
Ultimate Quad Signatures (# to 10 or less)
Ultimate Draft Class Triple Signatures (# to 10 or less)
1997 Legends Autographs (1:15 boxes)

Box Break Summary:
Every box delivers the following:
One (1) Regular card #’d to 299
One (1) Rookie #’d to 199
One (1) Autograph #’d to 265 or less
One (1) Memorabilia card #’d to 99 or less
Case Break Summary:
Three (3) Autographed memorabilia cards per case!
At least seven (7) patch cards per case!, Configuration:
5 cards per pack
20 packs per box (plus Bonus pack!)
(new configuration!)
Product Arrival Date: December

Product Highlights:
More Rookies in Every Box!
Now Find 3-4 Triple Diamond RC’s +  1-2 Quad Diamond RC’s per Box!
(NEW) DIAMONDS Have Arrived!
Quad Diamond Rookie Gems Relics feature REAL DIAMONDS!!
MASSIVE HITS ON SECONDARY MARKET!
Ice Premieres RC’s (HUGE SELLERS)
Get 1 Additional Quad Diamond Card per Box!
Find Dual-Swatch Black Diamond Jersey cards
Collect Lustrous Rookies (1:240) . . .  plus    Lustrous Stars (1:720) & Lustrous All-Time Greats (1:1,440)
Plus, Star Rubies make their debut with dazzling brilliance & new, lower #ing

Box Break: (on average)
Six-Seven (6-7) Double Diamond Veterans
Three-Four (3-4) Triple Diamond Veterans
Three-Four (3-4) Triple Diamond Rookie Gems
One (1) Quad Diamond Rookie Gems
One (1) Quad Diamond Regular Card
One (1) BONUS Quad Diamond Card – RC or Reg.
At least one (1) Star Rubies, Emerald or  Sapphire Parallel (look for auto versions too!)
Two (2) Double Diamond Dual-Swatch Jersey Puzzles
One (1) UD Ice Bonus Pack (featuring an Ice Premieres RC (four tiers, #’d from 99 to 999)

Case Break: (on average)
One (1) Lustrous Rookies (plus one Lustrous Stars or Lustrous Greats card in every other case) 
One (1) Hardware Heroes (#’d of 100)
Four (4) PETG Championship Rings
Four (4) Autograph cards, Foil Configuration:
8 cards per pack
24 packs per box

Regular Set:
Regular Cards (76)
Monumental Moments (24)

Top Inserts:
Jayhawks Legacy Trios Autos (# to 3)
Kansas Hall of Fame Autos (# to 25)
Distinguished Numbers Autos (# to 25)
Final 4 Legacy Autos (# to 10)
Kansas Icons (1:12)

Foil Break Summary:
Get One (1) Legendary Kansas Autograph per box!
Two (2) Kansas Icons inserts per box!
Collect the entire 100-card base set!

Autographs from Kansas Legends like: 
Paul Pierce
Danny Manning
Bill Self
Mario Chalmers
Raef LaFrentz
Rex Walters
Kirk Hinrich
And more!

Every pack contains 3 themed inserts
Collect Jayhawk Legacy, Kansas Hall of Fame, Distinguished Numbers, Final Four Legacy, and Kansas Icons!

Every box delivers 192 Kansas Basketball cards with players dating back to the 1890s!  Greats like:
James Naismith
Phog Allen
Wilt Chamberlain
Dean Smith
Clyde Lovellette
And many more!, A collector visited the National all the way from Australia with the goal of pulling a Michael Jordan autograph card. Check out what happened!, Fleer Retro products did amazing at the National Sports Collectors Convention. Check out some of the big pulls from the show from hockey, football and basketball!, Look, up in the sky! It's a bird! It's a plane! No, it's a meteorite! Check out the new 2013 Goodwin Champions "It Came From Space" meteorite cards: http://upperdeckblog.com/2013/08/brag-photo-2013-goodwin-champions-it-came-from-space-meteorite-cards-completed/, Those who earned a pass to the Diamond Club Reception at the National Sports Collectors Convention have been talking about it almost non-stop since it ended. Guests were treated to outstanding food and drink at Gibson’s Steakhouse while they got the opportunity to get to know some of the biggest collectors in the industry. Instead of shelling out big bucks to bring in athletes who guests may get a couple minutes with, we invested rather in some incredibly compelling collectibles that these VIP’s could have forever. Awesome items were handed out in a steady fashion for almost 2½ hours leading up to the Main Event Raffle for 25 incredible items that everyone in the room was drooling over., Remember to save those wrappers O-Pee-Chee NHL collectors!, See why many fans are calling in sick today as they make it an O-Pee-Chee Holiday!, See how Upper Deck absolutely dominated the 2013 National Sports Collectors Convention with our full recap and also how you can earn a FREE 20-card set of the wrapper redemption cards! Thanks again to all the fans who spent time with us in Illinois this week!, Hobby Box Break Summary:  
Get One (1) Notre Dame Football Legend Autograph per box!  
Two (2) Irish Icons cards per box!
Every pack has two-three (2-3) inserts, autographs or foil numbered parallels!

Autographs from Notre Dame Legends like:
Paul Hornung
Joe Theismann
Tim Brown
Ricky Watters
Lou Holtz
Jerome Bettis
Brian Kelly
Rudy Ruettiger
Brady Quinn
And more!

Blaster Box Break!
*Blaster Box Exclusive* Get One (1) replica National Championship Pennant in every box!
Collect all 11 Championship Pennants!
Get at least four (4) Irish Icons per Blaster Case!
Look for rare autograph cards!
Includes 80 cards in every box!

Collect some of the greatest names ever to represent Notre Dame Football dating back to the 1920s!
George Gipp		- Knute Rockne
Ara Parseghian	- Johnny Lattner
Paul Hornung		- Joe Theismann
Tim Brown		- Ricky Watters
Lou Holtz			- Rick Mirer
Jimmy Clausen		- Daryle Lamonica
Jerome Bettis		- Brady Quinn
Brian Kelly		- Rudy Ruettiger
Mike Golic		        - Rocky Bleier
Steve Beuerlein	- Nick Buoniconti
Alan Page		- Terry Hanratty
Bryant Young		- Ron Powlus
Reggie Brooks		- Bob Golic
Autry Denson		- And Many More!, We brought back a lot of cool items to share with our fans who could not make the 2013 National Sports Collectors Convention. Stay tuned for details this week on how you can score them for FREE!!!, null, Here's something new you can do with trading cards to support your favorite players and teams. Take a look!, Goodwin Champions is a product that literally has something for every type of collector. You've got to see this!, Upper Deck was out in force at the 2013 National Sports Collectors Convention in Chicago to bring collectors some of the best experiences available at the show. Take a look at some of the fun that was had!, Upper Deck honors John Makowiec at the 2013 National Sports Collectors Convention with his very own "Heroic Inspirations" card. Check out the story on this incredibly inspirational young man and his charity working to get cards in the hands of the next generation of collectors., Upper Deck was out in force at the 2013 National Sports Collectors Convention in Chicago to bring collectors some of the best experiences available at the show. Take a look at some of the fun that was had!, Upper Deck kicked off the show by honoring John Makowiec, the teenage founder of Cards2Kids charity with his very own "Heroice Inspirations" card. The charity has done an amazing job of helping to create the next generation of collectors by donating over 1,000,000 cards to children's charities throughout the U.S.A and Canada., UD is teaming up with Dynamics for a very cool promotion for the National Sports Collectors Convention. Check this out!, Remember fans, only Upper Deck can deliver autograph trading cards of America's greatest soccer star. Congratulations to Landon Donovan on his CONCACAF Gold Cup MVP award!, Find out why you should make August 6, 2013 a holiday!, As Denver Broncos training camp opens today, Upper Deck Authenticated is pleased to announce we recently did a signing with legendary quarterback Peyton Manning. Check out some of the new collectibles available featuring Peyton Manning as a member of the Indianapolis Colts and Denver Broncos. Also, look for more signings with other legendary NFL stars this season from UDA!, What is it like to open Upper Deck's wrapper redemption packs at the National Sports Collectors Convention? Kind of like this! In 2013 we will continue to deliver autographs from Jonathan Toews, Rory McIlroy, LeBron James, Ken Griffey Jr., Patrick Kane, Tiger Woods, Wayne Gretzky, Bobby Hull and more!, Heading to the National Sports Collectors Convention? Make sure to bring your unwanted cards as Cards2Kids will be set up at the UD booth accepting donations. A great charity and a great way to expose kids to the hobby!, Looking for some of the hottest cards in 2013 Goodwin Champions? Check these out!, With the National Sports Collectors Convention just a week a way we are curious, what is your best memory of Upper Deck at a show you attended? If you don't have one yet, don't miss the 2013 National where we can make some great memories together! Maybe like this one!, Just one week until the 2013 National Sports Collectors Convention fans. Check out what Upper Deck has in store for those making the trek to the greatest collectibles show on the planet!, null, Find out why NHL players are the toughest athletes and get a look at the new Rookie Bootcamp video on toughness!, Available in stores today, get your Chicago Blackhawks Stanley Cup Box Set!, A nice play for sure, perhaps deserving of a trading card deal, 12 years from now at least..., Check out this guide to the variation cards in 2013 Goodwin Champions!, The royal baby is here and UD is celebrating with a FREE scavenger hunt giveaway with fans. Take a look!, What's hot in the shop these days? Check out 2013 Goodwin Champions!, UD recently was able to get a very prolific reciever to return his outstanding autograph cards. Check this out: http://upperdeckblog.com/2013/07/brag-photo-julio-jones-returns-outstanding-autograph-cards-to-upper-deck/, Lots of Detroit fans made it out for the Team Fan Days at the Hockey Hall-of-Fame!, Exciting news! We are so happy for Jack here at Upper Deck. Thanks for the inspiration!, 2013 Goodwin Champions and 2013-14 NHL Trilogy are both hitting stores today! Stop in and grab a box or two today! Check out the boys from Beckett breaking some of the new Goodwin Champions product!, Configuration:
5 cards per pack
20 packs per box
16 boxes per case

Product Arrival Date: July 2013

Regular Set:
Regular Cards (150)
Short Prints (40)
Super Short Prints (20)
High Series Minis Short Prints (15)

Top Inserts:
Animal Kingdom Patches
Museum Collection Relics
Sport Royalty Autos & Memorabilia
End of Days 3-D NEW!
Goodwin Masterpieces – Art of the Ages (#’d to 1) NEW!
The Elements Relics NEW!

Goodwin Champions autograph list is loaded!
New signers include . . . Ray Allen, Mario Andretti, Oscar de la Hoya, Doug Gilmour, Juan Gonzalez, Tony Hawk, Allen Iverson, Reggie Jackson, Mario Lemieux, Carl Lewis, Nicklas Lidstrom, Bam Margera, Mark McGwire, Rory McIlroy, Shannon Miler, Joe Namath, Jerry Rice, Bruce Smith, Ken Stabler, Bart Starr, Mats Sundin, and Manti Te’o*

*subject to change

Box Break Summary:
Get Three (3) from the following per box:
Hard Signed Autographs
Single or Dual Swatch Memorabilia Cards
Animal Kingdom Patch Cards 1 of 1 Printing Plates
Ten (10) Goodwin Champions Minis per box!
Look for rare numbered Magician Back and Presidential Back Parallels
Every pack has either a Mini, a short-print or an insert!

Case Break Summary:
One (1) of the following: Art of the Ages Masterpiece, It Came From Space! Relic, Museum Collection Wild West Relic or The Elements booklet Relic
Five (5) Animal Kingdom Patch Cards
One (1) Dual-Swatch Memorabilia Short-Print
One (1) Sport Royalty Memorabilia NEW!
Four (4) End of Days 3-D Cards NEW!, UD reveals what the trade cards from 2012 Upper Deck Football will be good for. Check out the sweet Andrew Luck Star Rookie and autographed Star Rookie cards!, Tomorrow collectors can crack 2013 Goodwin Champions which features a bevy of amazing autograph and memorabilia from some of the greatest stars on the planet. Check out a preview of the memorabilia and hard-signed autograph cards!, What would you do if you pulled this???, Configuration:
5 cards per pack
20 packs per box
16 boxes per case

Product Arrival Date: July 2013

Regular Set:
Regular Cards (150)
Short Prints (40)
Super Short Prints (20)
High Series Minis Short Prints (15)

Top Inserts:
Animal Kingdom Patches
Museum Collection Relics
Sport Royalty Autos & Memorabilia
End of Days 3-D NEW!
Goodwin Masterpieces – Art of the Ages (#’d to 1) NEW!
The Elements Relics NEW!

Goodwin Champions autograph list is loaded!
New signers include . . . Ray Allen, Mario Andretti, Oscar de la Hoya, Doug Gilmour, Juan Gonzalez, Tony Hawk, Allen Iverson, Reggie Jackson, Mario Lemieux, Carl Lewis, Nicklas Lidstrom, Bam Margera, Mark McGwire, Rory McIlroy, Shannon Miler, Joe Namath, Jerry Rice, Bruce Smith, Ken Stabler, Bart Starr, Mats Sundin, and Manti Te’o*

*subject to change

Box Break Summary:
Get Three (3) from the following per box:
Hard Signed Autographs
Single or Dual Swatch Memorabilia Cards
Animal Kingdom Patch Cards 1 of 1 Printing Plates
Ten (10) Goodwin Champions Minis per box!
Look for rare numbered Magician Back and Presidential Back Parallels
Every pack has either a Mini, a short-print or an insert!

Case Break Summary:
One (1) of the following: Art of the Ages Masterpiece, It Came From Space! Relic, Museum Collection Wild West Relic or The Elements booklet Relic
Five (5) Animal Kingdom Patch Cards
One (1) Dual-Swatch Memorabilia Short-Print
One (1) Sport Royalty Memorabilia NEW!
Four (4) End of Days 3-D Cards NEW!, Enjoy a small gallery of some of the complete Museum Collection trading cards that can be found in 2013 Goodwin Champions releasing tomorrow!, The internet is buzzing about the made for tv movie "Sharknado" which aired on the SyFy Network last night. Now you can own trading cards of the top stars from the movie. No, we are not talking about the actors, we're talking about the sharks of course. Check this out!, Heading to the 2013 National Sports Collectors Convention in Chicago at the end of this month? Here's an event you will want to do anything you can to earn an invite to!, It's Throwback Thursday! Let's take a look at collecting cards from members of the 2013 Hockey Hall-of-Fame Class!, Things are heating up at the Hockey Hall-of-Fame this summer and Upper Deck partnered with the hallowed hall of hockey to produce a special incentive to visit this summer. The NHL Team Fan Days are an awesome promotion celebrating each of the NHL’s active franchises. On 30 select days this summer, the Hockey Hall-of-Fame will spotlight a different team and the first 1,000 fans can score a limited-edition Upper Deck game-worn jersey card of a captain or alternate captain from that team with paid admission. It’s a promotion that collectors will want to get in line for and another great reason to visit the Hockey Hall-of-Fame.

The trading card promotion coincides with a special exhibit called the “NHL Captains – Class of 2013!” which is a display of 30 game-worn jerseys from each of the players featured in the card set. This compelling promotion allows fans to see all these captain and alternate captain jerseys and then take a piece home with them in the form of a game-worn jersey card. Upper Deck and the Hockey Hall-of-Fame are pleased to work together to provide hockey fans a way of remembering their visit by adding a limited collectible to their collections through this promotion.

And besides the cards, there are a variety of other reasons to visit on your team’s special day with promotions for fans wearing team apparel and the chance to win a variety of prizes. Visit the official Hockey Hall-of-Fame website for more details and make sure to follow the Hockey Hall-of-Fame on Twitter and like them on Facebook!, Great story about a young man and the Michigan vs. Ohio State rivalry. UD wishes Grant Reed all the best with his recovery., On a scale of 1-10 hockey fans, how much does a bandwagon fan like Justin Bieber annoy you? You'll be happy to know UD has no plans to make any trading cards for the Biebs., The wait is almost over! This is your first chance to fully experience the power of Upper Deck's 2013-14 NHL Double Rookie Class.

Configuration:
8 cards per pack
24 packs per box
Product Arrival Date: November

Product Highlights:
DOUBLE ROOKIE CLASS!
Yakupov, Galchenyuk, Huberdeau, Gallagher, Granlund, Tarasenko, etc.!
Join forces with the Best who skate on Opening Night – MacKinnon? Drouin? Jones?
Young Guns will be On Fire!
Averaging 6 per hobby box
Young Guns Canvas (1:48)!
More RC’s with MVP Rookies!
Dropping 1 per box!
Find UD Exclusives + MVP Script Parallels too!
Offering more high-value hits!
Get 2 Jersey cards per box!
Also find low #’d patch cards!
Huge Blast from the Past – Lord Stanley’s Heroes are Back!
Look for Stanley Cup Futures too!
Collect UD Canvas cards – 4/box!
Grab Clear Cut Acetate Hits – 1/case!

Box Break: (on average)
Six (6) Young Guns RC’s
Four (4) UD Canvas cards
Two (2) Jersey cards
Two (2) Shining Stars insert cards
Five (5) MVP Cards
Highlighted by One (1) MVP Rookie Card
Two (2) Hockey Heroes 1980’s

Case Break: (on average)
Six (6) UD Canvas Young Guns
One (1) Clear Cut acetate card
Six (6) Regular Set Exclusive Parallels
One (1) Shining Stars Gold Rainbow Parallel
One (1) Signature Sensations, Looking for a good reason to visit Toronto this summer? How about FREE game-worn jersey cards from all the captains or alternate captains of each of the NHL's 30 franchises? Don't miss this awesome promotion with the Hockey Hall-of-Fame! http://upperdeckblog.com/2013/07/visit-the-hockey-hall-of-fame-for-nhl-team-fan-days-this-summer-and-score-a-historic-collectible/, We are happy to finally share the checklists for rookie redemptions from 2012-13 NHL Artifacts and Upper Deck. The cards are nearing completion and will be shipping in the coming weeks! Thanks to our fans for their patience, these should be well worth the wait as they represent some of the first cards from the Upper Deck Double Rookie Class!, Stanford Legend Andrew Luck Inks a Trading Card and Autograph Deal with Upper Deck!, Check this out Exquisite Football fans!, UD's Notre Dame Football product arrives in stores today!!! Irish eyes will certainly be smiling as they behold these beautiful new cards of Fighting Irish legends!, It is an exciting day for high-end collectors as Exquisite Collection Football arrives in stores today! Make sure to share your pulls on our timeline this week for those of you cracking the product!, The Toronto Star did a feature on Upper Deck's 2013-14 NHL Double Rookie Class, check it out! How many fans who haven't collected hockey before are looking to get into it this season because of the Double Rookie Class?, Upper Deck invaded NJ and the Big Apple for the 2013 NHL Draft! The second half of Upper Deck's 2013-14 NHL Double Rookie Class were selected today!, Wake up the echoes Notre Dame Fighting Irish fans! Check out the first-ever Notre Dame Football trading card set!!!, Hockey fans, check out what Upper Deck has in store for the 2013 NHL Draft this weekend!, Upper Deck announces full plans for the 2013 National Sports Collectors Convention. It should be an amazing weekend!, Which sporting event are you looking more forward to this week? The NBA Draft tonight or the NHL Draft on Sunday?, This happened awhile ago, but it still makes us smile. Hopefully it makes you smile too., Dear Chicago Blackhawks Fans,

Here is something you absolutely must own. You are welcome. Enjoy!

Sincerely,

Upper Deck, Here's six reasons while you will want to be a VIP at the National Sports Collectors Show in Chicago next month! More details on the 2013 National are coming this week!, There are a couple surprises in the new Fleer Retro Basketball product including Tony Gwynn on a basketball card! Check this out!, A Michael Jordan buyback has been pulled from the new Fleer Retro Basketball. Wow!!!, Hoop fans seem to be enjoying their breaks of 2012-13 Fleer Retro Basketball with some great new designs and inserts! Share your pulls on our Timeline! Especially if you pull one of the hard-signed buyback cards!!!, Live Image!, That's why playoff hockey is so much fun. What an amazing ending to the NHL Stanley Cup Final! Check out these collectibles from the Champion Blackhawks!, When it comes to basketball, Upper Deck has always been on top of picking the next great superstar players. Check out this history of those deals and congratulations to UD spokesman LeBron James on another NBA title and Finals MVP., Looking for the best sports collectibles from members of the Miami Heat team, look no further. Lebron's Exquisite autograph rookie patch card is currently valued at $12,000. How much higher will it go now?, null, Check out the awesome stories from Upper Deck's Father of the Year submissions. Thanks to everyone who nominated a Dad who are all winners in our opinion!, null, Upper Deck's O-Pee-Chee wrapper redemption program returns to Canada for the 2013-14 NHL season!, Congratulations to Varun Sikand on being named Upper Deck's 2013 NHL Draft Runner! Thanks to all the youngsters who provided essays for this promotion and our hobby shops who facilitated running it!, Upper Deck continues to push the envelope to deliver collectors innovative new trading cards with 2013 Goodwin Champions Art of the Ages cards. You've never seen trading cards like these before! All one-of-ones, hand-painted and autographed. Enjoy!, It's time to go through the old commons from 2009-10 to see if you may be sitting on some Danny Green rookies that are sure to be in high demand after his performance in the 2013 NBA Finals., The Stage is Set for the Stanley Cup® Final and the Release of 2012-13 NHL® SP Authentic!, Give Dad what he really wants for Father's Day, a box of 2013 SPx Football!, Check out this collectors amazing pull from All-Time Greats!, Do you have what it takes to become Upper Deck's Father of the Year? You've still got time to get your nominations in and there are awesome collectibles up for grabs! Take a look at images from some of our favorite nominations thus far and remember to snap a few photos with Dad collecting UD on Father's Day to take part in the promotion!, Today is the last day to place an order from Upper Deck Authenticated and still get the piece in time for Father's Day. Make this the year that Dad gets what he really wants, the world's greatest memorabilia!, Notre Dame fans, watch as Rocket Ismail discusses the upcoming Notre Dame set and memorabilia he had stolen from him during an interview with ESPN. Let's get Rocket his ring back!, Actual photos taken from the product pack out!, Fun story from our friends at Beckett Media, LLC about the Young Guns logo over the years. Which year was your favorite?, Lakers fans love their team and would you believe some feel like the Lake Show still has a chance despite being eliminated? Funny segment from Jimmy Kimmel Live., Check out this preview of 2013 SPx Football!, The Football team has been busy packing out Exquisite Football all weekend. Look for an awesome preview of some of the great cards to be found in those packs Monday!, Check out these great gift ideas for Dads who love sports this Father's Day! Save BIG at checkout!!!, UD reveals a new logo for Young Guns rookies for the 2013-14 NHL Double Rookie Class season!, UD is looking for a deserving young hockey fan to work with the Colorado Avalanche at the 2013 NHL Draft! You gotta see this!, Incredible story., What do you do when your memorabilia collection is getting out of control? Start collecting trading cards and save on space! Check out this University of Texas Longhorn fans impressive collection. Can you help him complete his master set???, UD's new SP Authentic Basketball product is hot! It has been awesome to see fans fired up about pulling Jordan and LeBron autograph cards! Crack a pack today!, Configuration:
5 cards per pack
3 packs per Mini-Box
3 Mini-Boxes per Display Box
Arrival Date: July 2013

Product Highlights:
One SOLID Hit in Every Pack!
Trilogy offers a wealth of value!

First Chance to Grab ’13-14 RC’s!
Includes Yakupov, Tarasenko, Galchenyuk, Granlund, Huberdeau, Schultz, Brunner, Hamilton, Fasth & More!!!!
Killer Inserts, Incl. Plexi-Glass!
Ice Scripts return!
Clear Cut Combos too – with great NHL pairings!
(NEW) Grab Signature Pucks!
Team Logos, Retro Team Logos plus NHL Shield Logos!
(NEW) Find Triple Jersey cards!
Highlighting 3 generations of hockey, including Rookies!
Also find National Trios

Mini-Box Break: (on average)
Box 1 – 1 Signed RC, 1 Addl. Auto, 1 UD Crystal
Box 2 – 1 Signed RC, 1 Plexi Auto, 1 Triple Jersey
Box 3 – 1 Signed RC, 1 Sig. Puck, 1 Triple Jersey

Box Break: (on average)
Three (3) Autographed Rookie Cards
One (1) Additional Auto (RC or Base Set Parallel)
One (1) Ice Scripts
One (1) Signature Pucks card
One (1) UD Crystal Plexi-Glass card
Two (2) Triple Jersey cards

Case Break: (on average)
Thirty-Two (32) Rookie (or Base Set) Parallel Autos
Including rare Level 3 Rookie Autos #’d to 49
Eight (8) Ice Scripts 
Every other case will include a multi-signed Ice Script!
Eight (8) Signature Pucks
Look for at least one Retro (#’d to 13) or Shield variant (#’d to 3)

Product Highlights:
Three Levels of Autographed Rookie Cards!
Get 1 per 3-Pack Mini Box!
Numbered to 699, 399 & 49!
Triple the Rookie Impact!

Product Highlights:
UD Crystal – Plexi-Glass Set within a Set!
Rookies, Active Stars & NHL Greats!
Three Tiers per Grouping!
Some Very Rare, to ensure Big Values!, The 2013 Upper Deck Team Canada Hockey set will be right in line with the base Upper Deck brand in terms of price and configuration. There will be five cards per pack, 24 packs per box and 12 boxes per case. The cards will all feature the same great photography as collectors have come to expect from the flagship Upper Deck brand, but the product will have richer content with two autographs in every box on average and four boxes per case will have a third autograph card!

The base card set features 260 cards including 100 short prints. Approximately 200 former Team Canada players will have autograph cards in the set. Other fun aspects to the products are two trade cards good for two future star 2013 Draft Picks including rare signed versions. Additionally, a “Clear Cut Program of Excellence” insert numbered to 99 copies will utilize acetate technology to deliver a very exciting card fans of Team Canada will want to collect! Another technology insert collectors will love is the 60 card SE foil board set that will also have a rare gold die-cut parallel version.

Here is a breakdown on the box and case breaks for 2013 Upper Deck Team Canada Hockey which is slated to release on December 3, 2013.

Box Break: (on average)
Twenty-Four (24) Base Set SP’s
Four (4) Program of Excellence Alumni
Two (2) Team Canada Signatures
Four (4) Special Edition SE
One (1) Exclusives Red (#’d of 100), Exclusives Gold Spectrum (#’d of 10) or Printing Plate (#’d of 1)
Every third box will have a Program of Excellence BONUS autograph!

Case Break: (on average)
Four (4) Program of Excellence Sigs (#’d of 175 & 75)
Three (3) Special Edition SE Gold (1:96 packs)
Two (2) Captains SP’s (1:144 packs)
One (1) Trade Upper Deck SP card (1:288 packs)

One in every two (2) boxes will also have one of the following cards!
Base Set Exclusives Gold Spectrum (#’d of 10)
Base Set Signatures Black (#’d of 5)
Base Set Printing Plates (#’d of 1)
Clear Cut Program of Excellence (#’d of 99)
Trade Upper Deck Gold Auto (1:1,460 packs), Check out these never before seen images of 2013-14 NHL Upper Deck Double Rookie Class cards along with a full calendar of early season releases! Make sure to share with other NHL collectors!, Configuration:
4 cards per pack
10 packs per box
16 boxes per case
Release 9/24/13

Product Highlights:
Huge Rookie Class Impact – Yakupov, Galchenyuk, Huberdeau, Tarasenko & More!
Plus the Always-Popular Rookie Redemptions!
Also grab Autograph Rookie Redemption cards!
(NEW) Look for Rookie Materials cards!
Offering plenty of low-numbered hits of this year’s Top Rookies!
Still get 3 Memorabilia cards per Box!
Including a Multi-Player Swatch card!
Find more Patch, Stick , Strap, & Tag Hits than ever in Artifacts!
(NEW) Grab ‘Top 12’ Rookie Signatures too!
(NEW) Tundra Sixes!

Box Break: (on average)
Four (4) Subsets #’d to 999 (or Ruby parallels) featuring Rookies, Goalies & Team Canada
One (1) Rookie Redemption card
One (1) Auto or Auto-Mem card
One (1) Multi-Player Game-Used card
Two (2) Single-Player Game-Used cards
One (1) Parallel #’d to 99 or less
On average every box will have a card featuring either a patch, strap, stick, tag or six-swatch card!

Case Break: (on average)
On average, every other box will have one (i.e. avg. 8/cs) . . . 
Auto Rookie Redemptions #’d of 99
Memorabilia Base Set Parallels #’d to 15 or less!
Memorabilia Inserts #’d to 36 or less!
Plus (NEW) Frozen Artifacts and Treasured Swatches  Stick-Tape #’d to 12
Plus (NEW) Tundra Sixes (jersey, patch, strap and tag variations)!, Here is a FREE Father's Day promotion that you'll want to share with all the card collecting dads and kids you know. Up for grabs besides the title of Upper Deck Father of the Year is an amazing autographed and inscribed collectible from 4-time NBA MVP, LeBron James. Nominations are now open for the 2013 Upper Deck Father of the Year! Good luck!!!, Today we had an American hero drop by Upper Deck headquarters to sign for 2013 Goodwin Champions. Doc is still playing baseball and hoping to make it to the big leagues. We wish him all the best!, Get excited fans! This week we will be sharing details on the 2013 Upper Deck Father of the Year promotion. This is a FREE program where we can honor and recognize dads for collecting and sharing the hobby with their kids. Details will be coming soon and we have an amazing one-of-a-kind collectible up for grabs. In the meantime, check out the story on the collector who won the Father of the Year promotion last year! http://upperdeckblog.com/2012/06/eric-kageyama-is-upper-deck%E2%80%99s-first-%E2%80%98father-of-the-year%E2%80%99/, null, Great story from Fox News on what ended up happening with the Jack Hoffman signed blow-up cards Upper Deck created!, Some big hits are waiting for you in 2012-13 SP Authentic Basketball on shelves today! Let us know what you are finding as you bust packs on our timeline here!, Great story about the Jack Hoffman signed blow-up cards. $30,000 going all to help Team Jack!!!, Happy Memorial Day fans! Share why you think veterans are great to collect on the blog and score a dual signed UDA baseball from Tommy Lasorda and Doc Jacobs!, We encourage our fans in the U.S.A. to share this story this weekend. Share your comment in the blog section and you could score a dual signed UDA baseball from Tommy Lasorda and Doc Jacobs! Happy Memorial Day weekend fans and thank you to all the men and women who serve and have served the U.S.A., Because some sets are worth the wait. Coming this June, Upper Deck invites you to collect 2012 Exquisite Collection Football!

The most valuable Rookie Cards on the market!
Five (5) Autographs in every box!
Includes 1 Rookie Auto Patch and 1 UD Black or UD Black Rookie Lustrous Signature!
Unbelievable patches!

Configuration:
6 cards per box
3 boxes per case

Product Highlights:
NEW! Exquisite Dimensions
NEW! Exquisite Sixteen
NEW! Exquisite Art
Exquisite Choice Duals & Quads
UD Black Rookie Lustrous
Exquisite Book Marks

Delivering 2 autos per case from:
Jerry Rice
John Elway
Dan Marino
Barry Sanders
Aaron Rodgers
Joe Namath
Robert Griffin III
Trent Richardson
Russell Wilson
Ryan Tannehill

Look for rare exchange cards redeemable for the entire 30-card Rookie Autographed Patch Set!, More and more hard-signed autograph content is coming in for 2012 Exquisite Collection Football. Check it out!, Chris Kreider has the game winner in overtime for the Rangers! With the Hangover III releasing this week, we felt it was the perfect time to share this one!, A reminder from Upper Deck Authenticated about Father's Day... Grab the World's Greatest Memorabilia for Dad at www.upperdeckstore.com!, Brian Urlacher retires today and leaves us with a ton of great memories and also plenty of great cards. Enjoy this trading card tribute to this Chicago legend!, Thinking about getting started collecting NHL cards? With the Double Rookie Class coming, now is a great time. Check out these tips for getting started from members of our Volunteer Alliance!, Amazing patch cards. Super stars taking the team to great new heights. A solid stable of legendary retired players. These are just some of the reasons the Chicago Blackhawks may be the best NHL team to collect., David Beckham has retired. Check out these cool collectibles of the soccer legend!, Upper Deck releases a variety of super premium new Tiger Woods collectibles on the heels of his Players Championship victory!, The 2013-14 NHL Double Rookie Class is coming, but what can you do as a collector to prepare for it to make sure you get the UD product you want? Check out these tips for things you can do today to prepare for this historic collecting event!, Any fans breaking the Tiger Woods Master Collection sets released today? Check out this break!, Tiger Woods is back to his winning ways! Check out five Tiger signed collectibles that serious golf fans should own!, null, Congratulations to Tiger Woods on winning The Players yesterday! Collect the most amazing Tiger Woods trading cards ever produced starting tomorrow when the Tiger Woods Master Collections arrive!, Wow! A Jack Hoffman Upper Deck blow-up card sold for $6100 this weekend!, null, Check out the back of Jack's Star Rookie card with text written by Jack himself. Pick up yours today! http://upperdeckblog.com/2013/05/brag-photo-upper-deck-reveals-card-back-for-jack-hoffman-star-rookie-nebraska-football-card/, Big announcement for Team Canada Hockey Fans!!!, Upper Deck releases short print information on 2013 UD Football!, 2013 Upper Deck Football delivers the hottest rookies, exclusive inserts and college football heroes directly to the collector!  Get 2-3 Star Rookies per pack with chances to pull the first autograph cards of future pro football superstars! Continue the collection of College Mascot Patch cards with the next 60 cards in the set!

Regular Set:
Regular Cards (50)
Star Rookies (200)

Top Inserts:
Rookie Lettermen Signatures (Varied #)
Ultimate Collection Rookie Signatures (Hard-Signed)
1995 SP Football Inserts (1:6)
College Mascot Manufactured Patch Cards (1:40)
Joe Namath College Football Heroes (1:10)
Barry Sanders College Football Heroes (1:10)

Configuration:
6 cards per pack
20 packs per box

Product Arrival Date: 
April 16, 2013

Break Summary:  (on average)
Three (3) Autographs in every box!  From:
Rookie Lettermen Signatures (Hard-Signed!)
Ultimate Collection Rookie Signatures (Hard-Signed!)
Star Rookies Autographs
1995 SP Football Autographs
1995 SP Prospects Autographs
College Football Heroes Autographs
HOBBY EXCLUSIVE! – Look for Joe Namath and Barry Sanders College Football Heroes inserts!
10-card set of each player
Falling 1:10 packs
Get Four (4) 1995 SP Football or 1995 SP Prospects cards per box!
One (1) rare parallel numbered to 10 or less per case!

MASCOT MANIA! 
Continue your set of College Mascot Patches with the second installment of 60 more Mascot Patch cards!
Get at least four (4) College Mascot Manufactured Patch Cards per case!
Collect patches with different levels of rarity!

Collect Ultimate Collection Rookie Cards!
Look for hard-signed autographs from 21 of the top 2013 Rookies!
Collect the 60-card Ultimate Collection Rookie checklist with cards #’d to 599!
Two (2) Ultimate Collection Rookie cards per box (# to 599)!

EXPECT MORE IMAGES AS ATHLETES FINISH OUT THEIR COLLEGE CAREERS!!!, Which NHL franchise do you think will score the top pick in the NHL Draft during the lottery tonight? Should be interesting to watch as half these players will make up the 2013-14 NHL Upper Deck Double Rookie Class!, Jack Hoffman checks out his Upper Deck Star Rookie blow-up card at Prep 2 Pro Sports in Nebraska! Awesome!, Earlier today Jason Collins revealed through Sports Illustrated he is gay. It will be interesting to see what effect that announcement has on his NBA trading cards from his rookie season in 2001-02., The first round of the 2013 NFL Draft is in the books! Check out all the UD rookie cards of the top draft picks available in 2013 Upper Deck Football!, Because some sets are worth the wait. Coming this June, Upper Deck invites you to collect 2012 Exquisite Collection Football!

The most valuable Rookie Cards on the market!
Five (5) Autographs in every box!
Includes 1 Rookie Auto Patch and 1 UD Black or UD Black Rookie Lustrous Signature!
Unbelievable patches!

Configuration:
6 cards per box
3 boxes per case

Product Highlights:
NEW! Exquisite Dimensions
NEW! Exquisite Sixteen
NEW! Exquisite Art
Exquisite Choice Duals & Quads
UD Black Rookie Lustrous
Exquisite Book Marks

Delivering 2 autos per case from:
Jerry Rice
John Elway
Dan Marino
Barry Sanders
Aaron Rodgers
Joe Namath
Robert Griffin III
Trent Richardson
Russell Wilson
Ryan Tannehill

Look for rare exchange cards redeemable for the entire 30-card Rookie Autographed Patch Set!, It was a pretty special moment this weekend when Doc Jacobs received his Upper Deck trading card at the Operation Gratitude Assembly Day event with special guest, Tommy Lasorda who really got the crowd going!, They are back and as popular as ever. Check out UD's 2nd series of College Mascots Patch cards!, An awesome auction for an awesome cause! Check this out!, We had a great time at Bracket Town in Atlanta. Take a look at what went down!, The Spring Expo is just a week and a half away! Today we shared details on all the awesome happenings we have planned around the event. Check them out and we hope to see you there!, Check out this interview on ESPN with Doc Jacobs on having his very own Upper Deck card!, We received approval to produce actual collectible cards of Star Rookie Jack Hoffman with all the proceeds going to benefit his charity. Very exciting!, Watch as Tommy Lasorda and Doc Jacobs talk about the new Heroic Inspirations card to be released in 2013 Goodwin Champions!, null, Upper Deck is proud to produce a trading card of a real American hero! Details announced today!, Check out this story for Mike's Stadium Sportscards about what is hot in their shop this week!, Check out all the details on 2013 Upper Deck Football releasing in stores today!, Football Season Officially Kicks Off as 2013 Upper Deck Football Hits Shelves Today!, Certified Diamond Dealers are encouraged to download this file and use it as your cover photo for your page!, If you didn't see what happened at TD Garden last night, this is a must see video! See how you can score a FREE Tyler Seguin or Bobby Orr autograph card by helping UD to keep the #BostonStrong movement going!, We don't normally show off eBay auctions, but this one is pretty amazing. 800 cards, all PSA 10! Wow!!! What do you think this will sell for?, With 2013 Upper Deck Football releasing tomorrow, it's time for another Creative Caption Promotion where you can score a FREE SP Authentic Football box! You can provide your caption here on Facebook or in the comment section of the blog, but be sure to check out this blog story for details on the promotion before you post! http://upperdeckblog.com/2013/04/celebrate-the-release-of-2013-upper-deck-football-by-lending-your-caption-to-this-card/, Thanks to all the fans who participated in our Masters Caption promotion for the Sergio Garcia card. And the best caption goes to…

David with: I’m being sucked into the Upper Deck logo! Someone help me!

Honorable mentions to:

Phillip Bradley Hughes with: “YES!!!!……..2013 UpperDeck Football comes out NEXT WEEK!!!!”

Savo with : Rock..paper..scissors…SHOOT!!!

Tom Y with: C’mon lucky number seven!

Mike M with: You put your left leg in, and you shake it all about!

Jeffrey Guinn with: Bees! Bees everywhere!! Get ‘em away!!!

Carl Burke with: After years of training with Mr. Miyagi, Sergio Garcia still couldn’t master the Crane Kick., With so much sad news lately, we wanted to share an inspirational story about an inspirational athlete! Jack Hoffman will receive his very own Upper Deck card! Go Team Jack!, Upper Deck's President Jason Masherah was recently interviewed on the NBC show Money Matters. Take a look as Jason shares some of UD's new initiatives., Happy Jackie Robinson Day fans! Check out some of the amazing Jackie Robinson cards we've done over the years! What's your favorite UD or Fleer Jackie Robinson card?, Congratulations to Adam Scott on winning the 2013 Masters! From down under to on top of the world! Collect Adam's rookie cards in 2001 trading card releases only from Upper Deck!, Tee off on the Tiger Woods Master Collections beginning May 7, 2013!, Time for another FREE caption promotion! You need to leave your caption on the blog in the comment section for your chance to score a FREE pack of 2012 SP Game-Used Golf to celebrate the Masters. You have until Monday morning to leave your comment!, Frank Thomas talks about collectibles, the evolution of his signature and Chicago baseball on ESPN's Mint Condition. Take a look!, Configuration:
8 cards per pack
32 packs per box
12 boxes per case

Release: August 2013

Product Highlights:
More Content Upgrades for ’13-14!
Live Rookies – Yakupov, Tarasenko & More!
O-Pee-Chee Trademark – Biggest set of  the Year!
(NEW) O-Pee-Chee Rings!
Look for Team and Player versions!

Box Break: (on average)
Thirty-Two (32) Retro parallels
Eight (8) Marquee Rookies
Eight (8) Marquee Legends
Eight (8) Rainbow Foil parallels
Ten (10) OPC Stickers
Two (2) OPC Rings
Case Break: (on average)
Four (4) Team Logo Patches
Including one High Series SP!
Two (2) OPC Signatures 
One (1) OPC Team Canada Signature
Find rare OPC Buyback Autos!
Crosby, Ovechkin & Stamkos!
Look for Sport Royalty Bobby Orr Autos!
Look for rare Black Bordered Hot Boxes

Product Highlights:
Retro
O-Pee-Chee Stickers - 100-card set, seeded at 10 per box!

Product Highlights:
Rookies Rock O-Pee-Chee!
Find in Regular Set, Rainbow & Black parallels (# to 100)!

Team Logo Patches:
BACK for 2nd Year!
100-Card set
6 different tiers of scarcity
Patches from 1917 to present day!
Hobby exclusive . . . 4 per case
Look for rare Expansion Era, Pre-WWII, Ceremonial and Cartoon subsets!, 2013 SPx Football has been re-configured to deliver even greater collectability and value with something in every pack!  Look for autographs, memorabilia, and other unique inserts like SPx Finite Rookies, SPx Finite Legends, SPx Shadow Box cards, and UD Premier Football Bonus Packs! 

Regular Set:
Regular Cards (50)
SPx Rookie Auto Jerseys (42)
#’d to 475 or less
SPx Rookie Signatures (60) 
#’d to 299
Top Inserts:
NEW!  UD Premier Rookie Auto Jerseys and Patch Parallels - #’d to 125 or less
NEW!  SPx Shadow Box Dual Player cards with rare autograph parallels
NEW!  1996 and 1997 SPx Base Cards with gold parallels #’d to 5
SPx Finite Rookies - #’d to 899
SPx Finite Legends - #’d to 899
Winning Big Materials - #’d to 250

Configuration:
5 cards per pack
10 packs per box
8 boxes per inner shipper
2 inner shippers per case
Product Arrival Date: June 2013

Box Break Summary:  
Three (3) Autographs per box!
Includes at least one (1) SPx Rookie Auto Jersey with a jumbo swatch!
One (1) single, dual, triple or patch memorabilia card per box!
Single memorabilia cards include huge 1.5”x1.5” swatches!
Three (3) SPx Finite Rookies or Legends per box!
NEW!  Three (3) 1996 or 1997 SPx retro hologram inserts per box!
Includes rare gold parallels!

UD Premier Bonus Packs!
Get four (4) UD Premier bonus packs per case!
Two (2) per inner shipper
Each pack includes a UD Premier Autograph Jersey or Patch card!
Look for the top 2013 Rookies and past football legends!
#’d to 125 or less!

SPx Shadow Box Cards!
Collect dual player SPx Shadow Box cards for the first time ever!
Includes rare dual autographed parallels

Get three (3) retro SPx Hologram cards per box in the classic 1996 and 1997 SPx designs!

Get three (3) SPx Finite Rookies or Legends per box!, Configuration:
5 cards per pack
3 packs per Mini-Box
3 Mini-Boxes per Display Box
Arrival Date: July 2013

Product Highlights:
One SOLID Hit in Every Pack!
Trilogy offers a wealth of value!

First Chance to Grab ’13-14 RC’s!
Includes Yakupov, Tarasenko, Galchenyuk, Granlund, Huberdeau, Schultz, Brunner, Hamilton, Fasth & More!!!!
Killer Inserts, Incl. Plexi-Glass!
Ice Scripts return!
Clear Cut Combos too – with great NHL pairings!
(NEW) Grab Signature Pucks!
Team Logos, Retro Team Logos plus NHL Shield Logos!
(NEW) Find Triple Jersey cards!
Highlighting 3 generations of hockey, including Rookies!
Also find National Trios

Mini-Box Break: (on average)
Box 1 – 1 Signed RC, 1 Addl. Auto, 1 UD Crystal
Box 2 – 1 Signed RC, 1 Plexi Auto, 1 Triple Jersey
Box 3 – 1 Signed RC, 1 Sig. Puck, 1 Triple Jersey

Box Break: (on average)
Three (3) Autographed Rookie Cards
One (1) Additional Auto (RC or Base Set Parallel)
One (1) Ice Scripts
One (1) Signature Pucks card
One (1) UD Crystal Plexi-Glass card
Two (2) Triple Jersey cards

Case Break: (on average)
Thirty-Two (32) Rookie (or Base Set) Parallel Autos
Including rare Level 3 Rookie Autos #’d to 49
Eight (8) Ice Scripts 
Every other case will include a multi-signed Ice Script!
Eight (8) Signature Pucks
Look for at least one Retro (#’d to 13) or Shield variant (#’d to 3)

Product Highlights:
Three Levels of Autographed Rookie Cards!
Get 1 per 3-Pack Mini Box!
Numbered to 699, 399 & 49!
Triple the Rookie Impact!

Product Highlights:
UD Crystal – Plexi-Glass Set within a Set!
Rookies, Active Stars & NHL Greats!
Three Tiers per Grouping!
Some Very Rare, to ensure Big Values!, 2012-13 SP Authentic Basketball delivers big hits, big names, and big content!  Continuing the popular Homecourt Signatures from last year, collectors can search for rare Final Floor Signature variations including dual autograph versions!  With every case guaranteed a Michael Jordan or LeBron James autograph, 2012-13 SP Authentic Basketball is sure to be a red-hot must-have product! 

Arrival: Late May 2013

Regular Set:
Regular Cards (50)
SP Flashback Rookie F/X (50)

Top Inserts:
SP By the Letter Autographs (Varied #)
College Pride Autograph Patch (Varied #)
Homecourt Signatures
Final Floor Signatures and Final Floor Dual Signatures
Sign of the Times Dual, Triple and Quad Autos 

Configuration:
5 cards per pack
24 packs per box
6 boxes per inner shipper
2 inner shippers per case

Three Hits in every box from:
SP By the Letter Autographs
College Pride Autographs
Homecourt Signatures
Sign of the Times Dual, Triple & Quad Signatures
SP Flashback Rookie F/X Autographs 
Regular Card Autograph Parallels
Authentic Nickname Signatures
Homecourt Signatures are back with rare Final Floor Signature and Dual Signature Variations!
Your chance to get a dual autograph of Larry Bird and Magic Johnson signing over a replica 1979 NCAA Championship Floor Piece!

Every 12-box case delivers unbelievable value!
One 6-box inner shipper will include a Michael Jordan or LeBron James Autograph
on average AND the other 6-box inner shipper will include an autograph from: Michael Jordan, LeBron James, Larry Bird, Bill Russell, Magic Johnson, Julius Erving, Allen Iverson, Reggie Miller, Karl Malone, Grant Hill, or Chris Paul on average!, Hobby Box Break Summary:  
Get One (1) Notre Dame Football Legend Autograph per box!  
Two (2) Irish Icons cards per box!
Every pack has two-three (2-3) inserts, autographs or foil numbered parallels!

Autographs from Notre Dame Legends like:
Paul Hornung
Joe Theismann
Tim Brown
Ricky Watters
Lou Holtz
Jerome Bettis
Brian Kelly
Rudy Ruettiger
Brady Quinn
And more!

Blaster Box Break!
*Blaster Box Exclusive* Get One (1) replica National Championship Pennant in every box!
Collect all 11 Championship Pennants!
Get at least four (4) Irish Icons per Blaster Case!
Look for rare autograph cards!
Includes 80 cards in every box!

Collect some of the greatest names ever to represent Notre Dame Football dating back to the 1920s!
George Gipp		- Knute Rockne
Ara Parseghian	- Johnny Lattner
Paul Hornung		- Joe Theismann
Tim Brown		- Ricky Watters
Lou Holtz			- Rick Mirer
Jimmy Clausen		- Daryle Lamonica
Jerome Bettis		- Brady Quinn
Brian Kelly		- Rudy Ruettiger
Mike Golic		        - Rocky Bleier
Steve Beuerlein	- Nick Buoniconti
Alan Page		- Terry Hanratty
Bryant Young		- Ron Powlus
Reggie Brooks		- Bob Golic
Autry Denson		- And Many More!, Some new images for the Jordan and Tiger Master Collections have been released. Check these out..., 2013 Upper Deck Football releases in one week LOADED with autograph content! In our quest to deliver as much LIVE autograph content as possible, the product is packing out with 99.8% live autographs in packs. There are less than 100 total redemption cards., Two products releasing tomorrow in 2012-13 NHL Fleer Retro and the Michael Jordan Master Collection. Fleer Retro packs out with over 99% of the autograph content live in packs and the Jordan Master Collections contain ZERO redemptions., Wanna see something cool? Check out these Wayne Gretzky autograph patch cards we recently had signed by the Great One. They will be live in packs of 2012-13 NHL SP Authentic and are all hard-signed!, As we head into The Masters this week, check out these golf trading cards of some of the favorites from Upper Deck! Like this post if you are loving what Upper Deck is doing with regard to golf collectibles?, null, null, The Double Rookie Class is coming to 2013-14 NHL Upper Deck products. Check out some insight from Adam Larry of the NHLPA on the decision to go this route and more information on why now is the time to collect Upper Deck NHL trading cards!, This Nebraska Cornhusker may be a little young, but we think he deserves a rookie card from Upper Deck. Agree?, Things are getting rocking in Atlanta at the Upper Deck booth. Upper Deck's mascot Coach Cardman presents a special Final Four version of the Harlem Shake!, For Jim Beoheim and John Beilein, this match-up today was clearly in the cards. Who do you like and more importantly, which of their Upper Deck cards do you like???, Have you always dreamed of being on an Upper Deck trading card? Well this weekend we are making it happen for fans. You gotta see this: http://upperdeckblog.com/2013/04/at-bracket-town-for-the-final-four-upper-deck-is-making-dreams-come-true/, When's the last time you saw an American flag made entirely of baseball cards? If you worked at Upper Deck you would see it every day! Check out this and other cool collectibles going up at corporate headquarters., Here's another potential rookie we'd love to see on an Upper Deck Young Guns card. He's got some skills!, You don't even have to like hockey to appreciate this. Jonathan Drouin will likely be a member of the 13-14 NHL Double Rookie Class if he gets drafted and plays. And with moves like this, who would doubt it. Our Hockey team would LOVE to have this potential star on a Young Guns card!, Check out some of the cards and amazing memorabilia items LeBron James signed for Upper Deck last week!!!, Sometimes there is more to a trading card than the stats you'll find on the back. Such is the case with this recent Upper Deck card. Roll Tide!, Fans in Georgia make sure to head out to Bracket Town this weekend to visit Upper Deck!, Upper Deck's Chris Carlin shares some details about our baseball plans with ESPN. Start with what we do best on premium releases and then look at opportunities to grow the category. Fleer Retro and Sweet Spot Classic have been announced. What will the third product be??? Stay tuned!!!, There are some very "Wow" worthy cards in the new 2012-13 All-Time Greats Basketball that released this week. What are some of your favorites you've seen pulled so far???, Bryce Harper sure got off to a hot start yesterday hitting two home-runs in his first two plate appearances. If you haven't started collecting the best prospect cards of this 20-year-old phenom, check out some of these to target!, The April Fools Day jokes are over. This story is absolutely real. Reggie Jackson is returning to Upper Deck products beginning with 2013 Goodwin Champions and 2013 Fleer Retro. Upper Deck and Reggie Jackson: Reunited and it feels so good!, Yes fans, UD inserting the bubblegum from the '80's baseball cards packs were an April Fools Day joke. Although many fans do love the concept of that gum, for UD it is all about producing a great trading card. And speaking of a great trading card, here's another blast from the past April Fools Day joke we did with LeBron James. Enjoy, and don't take any stories too seriously today!, Watch as UD looks to bring the same bubblegum from '80's baseball card packs to fans today!, Upper Deck Planning to Insert Bubblegum Back into Baseball Card Packs!, Thanks to all the men & women of the armed forces who help protect & defend this nation. Check out the story of one collector from the US Army who served three tours of duty in Iraq., Time to test your skills fans with a FREE giveaway! Give this card a caption fans and score a Frank Thomas UDA Fleer Retro Blow-up Card! The fan who most skillfully provides the most entertaining caption will score this special piece. Keep them tasteful or they will be removed! Keep it to two sentences or less. One caption per person. We will select the most skillful caption that coincides with the card on Wednesday 11:00 a.m. Pacific., Ever wonder what happens at events like the Las Vegas Industry Summit? Take a look at what Upper Deck had to share!, Tiger wins the Arnold Palmer Invitational and regains world no. 1 ranking! Congrats Tiger!!! Remember, only Upper Deck can bring you authentic collectibles of the #1 golfer in the world!, As promised, here's your chance to score an Upper Deck Black Pack from the 2013 Las Vegas Industry Summit. Also check out a full checklist and some impressive video pack breaks! Now get out and visit some shops!!!, Upper Deck shares details on the company's return to the baseball market!, UD frequently reaches out to athletes who have not had signature deals in some time. It is not always easy to convince them to come back to the hobby, but sometimes the effort pays off. Look for signatures of Reggie Miller back in the hobby soon!!!, Commemorate Jordan’s Historic UNC Career!
Every box contains:
Complete 23 card base set
Four (4) Autographs
UNC Patch puzzle set or UNC Footprint puzzle set
One (1) Masterpieces painting per box
One (1) Shadow Box, Precious Metal Gem, or 1-of-1 Autograph per box
One (1) 1982 UNC National Championship replica ring

Limited to only 250 total sets!

Look for Historic Duos!
Featuring a Jordan autograph paired with a cut signature from historic legend!, Today is World Down Syndrome Day. It is a day to raise awareness and celebrate the value of individuals with Down syndrome. We talked to two parents who shared how trading cards helped them engage their kids with Down syndrome., As March Madness begins, here's a set especially for Michael Jordan and UNC fans will love. Check this out!, Thanks to all the Certified Diamond Dealers who helped make the Las Vegas Industry Summit so memorable. We appreciate all your efforts in representing the Upper Deck brand in a positive way at your stores. Thanks for all you do for us! And to those who couldn't make the Las Vegas Industry Summit, but who are fans of this page, stay tuned! We brought back some goodies from the show and will provide information on how we will be sharing them tomorrow!, Every year the top shop owners and industry executives converge on Las Vegas for the annual summit where the goal is to share, learn and explore opportunities to improve the collectibles business., If you submitted cards for the latest Expired Redemption Raffle conducted at the Las Vegas Industry Summit, you'll want to watch this. If your name was called we will send out your card next week., Every year the top shop owners and industry executives converge on Las Vegas for the annual summit where the goal is to share, learn and explore opportunities to improve the collectibles business., The Las Vegas Industry Summit kicks into full swing today for the trading card industry. Curious what goes on? Check out this story from last year and get ready for some cool announcements and giveaways this week for our fans!, Now is the time to collect Upper Deck Hockey! The Double Rookie Class is coming! Find out why collecting hockey is about to get very exciting!, Upper Deck is putting less redemption cards into packs over the last two years in particular. See how UD is making strides to reduce the amount of pesky redemption cards in products and improving the pack opening experience for collectors., It's Throwback Thursday! Anyone remember this commercial from back in the day? So... What do you collect?, Football collectors, you'll want to check out this story on the Precious Metal Gems in 2012 Fleer Retro Football!, Have you ever called your shot with a sealed Upper Deck box or pack? You know, when you walk into a shop, pick out the box or pack you were eyeing and scored with a great collectible?, If you want to open up a hobby shop, you'll need to become an industry expert. Here's how to do it!, The Heat are absolutely on fire! At the end of last season we put together a short list of some cool collectibles to grab from the world champions. Check these out!, Does Michael Jordan still sign for Upper Deck? You bet he does!!!, Fleer Retro Football is hitting store shelves today! Check out the product and show off your hits on our Timeline here!, Fans share why they would love a trading card shop to open in their area., Configuration:
5 cards per pack
20 packs per box
16 boxes per case

Product Arrival Date: July 2013

Regular Set:
Regular Cards (150)
Short Prints (40)
Super Short Prints (20)
High Series Minis Short Prints (15)

Top Inserts:
Animal Kingdom Patches
Museum Collection Relics
Sport Royalty Autos & Memorabilia
End of Days 3-D NEW!
Goodwin Masterpieces – Art of the Ages (#’d to 1) NEW!
The Elements Relics NEW!

Goodwin Champions autograph list is loaded!
New signers include . . . Ray Allen, Mario Andretti, Oscar de la Hoya, Doug Gilmour, Juan Gonzalez, Tony Hawk, Allen Iverson, Reggie Jackson, Mario Lemieux, Carl Lewis, Nicklas Lidstrom, Bam Margera, Mark McGwire, Rory McIlroy, Shannon Miler, Joe Namath, Jerry Rice, Bruce Smith, Ken Stabler, Bart Starr, Mats Sundin, and Manti Te’o*

*subject to change

Box Break Summary:
Get Three (3) from the following per box:
Hard Signed Autographs
Single or Dual Swatch Memorabilia Cards
Animal Kingdom Patch Cards 1 of 1 Printing Plates
Ten (10) Goodwin Champions Minis per box!
Look for rare numbered Magician Back and Presidential Back Parallels
Every pack has either a Mini, a short-print or an insert!

Case Break Summary:
One (1) of the following: Art of the Ages Masterpiece, It Came From Space! Relic, Museum Collection Wild West Relic or The Elements booklet Relic
Five (5) Animal Kingdom Patch Cards
One (1) Dual-Swatch Memorabilia Short-Print
One (1) Sport Royalty Memorabilia NEW!
Four (4) End of Days 3-D Cards NEW!, Fleer Retro Basketball took the marketplace by storm in 2012 and is back with additional inserts and autographs sure to send collectors abuzz again!  Look for Fresh Ink Autographs and classic 1990s inserts like Z-Force Rave, Playmakers Theatre, Lucky 13, and many more!

Regular Set:
Regular Cards (50)
Rookie Sensations (30)

Top Inserts:
Fresh Ink Autographs (1999-2000)
Metal Universe Precious Metal Gems (#’d to 100 or less)
Flair Legacy Row 1 (# to 150)
Flair Legacy Row 0 (# to 100)
Fleer EX Essential Credentials (Varied #)

Configuration:
5 cards per pack
10 packs per inner box
2 inner boxes per main box
6 main boxes per case

Break Summary: (on average)
Six (6) Autographs in every box!
Each 10-pack inner box has three (3) autos!
Four (4) inserts per box (two per inner box) from the following:
Fleer E/X Essential Credentials – NEW!!
Metal Universe Precious Metal Gems – NEW!!
Z-Force Rave – NEW!!
Z-Force Super Rave – NEW!!
Fleer Ultra Platinum Medallion – NEW!!
Flair Legacy Row 1 – NEW!!
Flair Legacy Row 0 – NEW!!
Fleer Mystique Raise the Roof – NEW!!
Fleer Tradition Playmakers Theatre – NEW!!
Fleer Tradition Thrill Seekers – NEW!!
Fleer Molten Metal – NEW!!
Z-Force Big Men on Court – NEW!!
Fleer Ultra Starring Role – NEW!!
Fleer Ultra Court Masters – NEW!!

Break Summary cont…
Get two (2) Fleer EX cards per main box (1 per inner box)! – NEW!!
Collect Lucky 13 inserts! – NEW!!
Falling one (1) per main box!
Rookie Sensations fall 1:3 packs
Featuring 2012-13 Rookies on the retro 1991-92 Rookie Sensation design!

Arrival June 2013, 2013 Upper Deck Football Hobby Box, LeBron James signed a very special pair of Nike shoes today during his signings session with Upper Deck Authenticated. You've got to see this., As part of UD's continuing coverage on how to open a trading card shop, we hit on the subject of insurance. How do you know what coverage you need? We brought in an expert to discuss., Check out UD exclusive spokesman Rory McIlroy showing off his first-ever licensed trading card. Have you scored one of these yet from 2012 SP Game-Used Golf?, Have you ever wanted to get inside the heads of NHL players? With Upper Deck's Rookie Boot Camp series we introduce some new rookies with a fun look at what they might be thinking., TSA has eased some security restrictions about what travelers can bring on board. Hockey sticks, golf clubs and pool cues are now okay, but bats are still no good. As you travel to shows, remember to ship your collectible bat so you do not end up like this collector., Here's a story for our female collectors by a female collector. Yep, girls collect hockey cards! Enjoy!, Have you always thought about opening a trading card shop? Check out how Chuck and Matt Durka were able to make their dream a reality when they opened Breakaway Sports Cards. They provide some tips to others looking to follow in their footsteps., If you missed what many are calling the save of the year by St. Louis Blues rookie goalie Jake Allen, you've got to check it out! Which fans are collecting this up & coming goaltender?, Got unwanted trading cards? Donate them to Cards2Kids so the next generation of collectors can enjoy them., Twitter can be a powerful social media platform, but you've got to be careful with it, especially if you are a NHL rookie. See what happened to Chris Kreider when some embarrassing photos leaked out on Twitter., Football fans should definitely check out the short print list for 2012 SP Authentic Football. Did you pull one of the rare group A autograph cards? Check out this list to find out!, Product Highlights:
Get 3 Autograph Cards per box!
Look for at least 1 RC!
Strong Autograph insert lineup!
Collect Regular Card Limited      Autograph Patch variations!
Numbered to 100, 25 & 10!
Grab Signed Future Watch Patches!
Big hits no matter the year!
(NEW) Find SPx Bonus Packs!
Including RC Jerseys & Patches!
(NEW) Look for Upper Deck Update!
Complete your ’12-13 set with players who would normally appear in UD2! Plus MVP RC’s!
(NEW) Get Team Canada Moments!
With multi-player and signed versions too!
(NEW) Look for ’94-95 SP Retro hits!
Complemented by Die-Cut Autograph versions!

Box Break: (on average)
Three (3) Signature Cards
Including One (1) Autographed Future Watch RC
Four (4) Authentic Moments 
One (1) Authentic Moments multi-player
Two (2) Team Canada Moments
Four (4) ’94-95 SP Retro cards
Four (4) Upper Deck Updates
Get (1-2) MVP Rookie Updates

Case Break: (on average)
2-3 Autographed Patch cards
Ltd. Auto Patches + Auto FW Patch cards
One (1) Sign of the Times Combo card
Three (3) ’94-95 SP Retro Die-Cut Autos
Eight (8) Tm. Canada Moments multi-player
Get (2-3) UD Exclusives

Configuration:
5 cards per pack
24 packs per box
Arrival Date: June 2013, Check out a full recap on Upper Deck's 2013 National Hockey Card Day program: http://upperdeckblog.com/2013/02/national-hockey-card-day-continues-to-raise-awareness-interest-in-collecting-nhl-cards/. Thanks to all the fans and shops who participated!, Check out some of the Upper Deck team breaking down 2012 SP Game-Used Golf!, Trading card shops can be a fun place to visit, but sometimes they are tough to leave because there is just so much to see. What is the longest you have ever spent visiting a trading card store?, We don't normally do trading card deals with cheerleaders, but this young lady may be worthy. Check this out!, It is one of the busiest times of the year where Upper Deck Athlete Relations staff conduct signings with top draft picks all over the USA. Check out some images of them signing for 2013 Upper Deck Football., If you haven't opened a pack of new UD NHL cards recently, you've got to watch this video. You won't believe what people are pulling from new packs!, One of our favorite Michael Jordan stories from over the years. You gotta see this!, For Michael Jordan's Birthday, we want to see your best MJ cards! Show them off on our wall! There are over 20 years of Jordan trading cards produced by Upper Deck, let's see which ones you like the most!, Michael Jordan turns 50 years young today! Check out the card we created for MJ and the history of our partnership together!, Are you a NHL fan in the USA? This is your weekend to try an Upper Deck NHL pack for FREE! Also check out a preview of the autograph cards in the set! Make sure to share this with other puck fans you know!, Upper Deck's new 2012 SP Game-Used Golf is on fire. Fans really seem to love the Inked Driver autograph cards. Check out this gallery with SP information!, Upper Deck surprises two other collectors with their very own Upper Deck cards on Valentine's Day. Take a look!, Happy Valentine's Day fans! Check out how Upper Deck socially surprised two collectors with a special card commemorating their love!, Upper Deck's marketing efforts to engage kids through events like National Hockey Card Day continue to pay dividends. It is great to see the next generation of collectors so excited about the hobby!, At long last, collectors can score a Rory McIlroy licensed trading card!, We get a lot of questions from collectors on how to insure their collections. We brought in an expert on the subject to share with you. This is a MUST READ if  you have nice items in your collection. Please share with others who may find value in it., 2013 Upper Deck Football delivers the hottest rookies, exclusive inserts and college football heroes directly to the collector!  Get 2-3 Star Rookies per pack with chances to pull the first autograph cards of future pro football superstars! Continue the collection of College Mascot Patch cards with the next 60 cards in the set!

Regular Set:
Regular Cards (50)
Star Rookies (200)

Top Inserts:
Rookie Lettermen Signatures (Varied #)
Ultimate Collection Rookie Signatures (Hard-Signed)
1995 SP Football Inserts (1:6)
College Mascot Manufactured Patch Cards (1:40)
Joe Namath College Football Heroes (1:10)
Barry Sanders College Football Heroes (1:10)

Configuration:
6 cards per pack
20 packs per box

Product Arrival Date: 
April 16, 2013

Break Summary:  (on average)
Three (3) Autographs in every box!  From:
Rookie Lettermen Signatures (Hard-Signed!)
Ultimate Collection Rookie Signatures (Hard-Signed!)
Star Rookies Autographs
1995 SP Football Autographs
1995 SP Prospects Autographs
College Football Heroes Autographs
HOBBY EXCLUSIVE! – Look for Joe Namath and Barry Sanders College Football Heroes inserts!
10-card set of each player
Falling 1:10 packs
Get Four (4) 1995 SP Football or 1995 SP Prospects cards per box!
One (1) rare parallel numbered to 10 or less per case!

MASCOT MANIA! 
Continue your set of College Mascot Patches with the second installment of 60 more Mascot Patch cards!
Get at least four (4) College Mascot Manufactured Patch Cards per case!
Collect patches with different levels of rarity!

Collect Ultimate Collection Rookie Cards!
Look for hard-signed autographs from 21 of the top 2013 Rookies!
Collect the 60-card Ultimate Collection Rookie checklist with cards #’d to 599!
Two (2) Ultimate Collection Rookie cards per box (# to 599)!

EXPECT MORE IMAGES AS ATHLETES FINISH OUT THEIR COLLEGE CAREERS!!!, Upper Deck Inks Top Football Draft Picks to Trading Card Deals!, National Hockey Card Day is in the books for Canada and is coming to the US this weekend. Check out how fathers & sons connect through events like this!, All-Time Greats returns with nine new basketball immortals and all new signature inserts!  The prestigious checklist features only eighteen different athletes, some of the best players to ever play the game!  With a limited production run, hard-signed autographs, and elite signers, 2013 All-Time Greats delivers value, collectability, and class!

Regular Set:
Regular Cards (100)
Jordan Vs. (20)

Top Inserts:
Banner Seasons (Varied #)
Program of Excellence (Varied #)
Team for the Ages (# to 12)
Big Signatures (# to 10)

Configuration:
4 cards per pack
1 packs per box
3 boxes per inner shipper
2 inner shippers per case

Boxes are Player Specific!
Every tin will contain 3 base cards and 1 Autograph card all of the same player!
The entire checklist is made up of only 18 players to ensure the most premium value!
Window in the top of the tin will show which player is in inside once the outer box is opened
Look for rare ‘Team for the Ages’ boxes containing 5 autograph cards!
NEW! Collect Jordan Vs. regular cards plus dual signature versions #’d to 23!

MICHAEL JORDAN AUTOGRAPHS FALL 1 EVERY 6 BOXES!!!

NEW!  Look for oversized Big Signatures!
NEW!  Collect Banner Season autographed booklet cards!
NEW!  Look for All-Time Forces single and dual signatures #’d to 35 or less!
All Autographs are hard-signed and hand numbered!

Checklist:
Michael Jordan
LeBron James
Julius Erving
Magic Johnson
Bill Russell
Larry Bird
Hakeem Olajuwon
Grant Hill
David Robinson
Dennis Rodman – NEW!
Jason Kidd – NEW!
Allen Iverson – NEW!
Karl Malone – NEW!
Gary Payton – NEW!
Paul Pierce – NEW!
Ray Allen – NEW!
Isiah Thomas – NEW!
Reggie Miller – NEW!, Speaking of Upper Deck Baseball cards, what do you think this card will eventually sell for?, SP Game-Used Golf arrives in stores tomorrow! It's your first chance to score a trading card of Rory McIlroy from Upper Deck!, Just four years ago UD produced a card of Pope Benedict XVI and today word comes down that he will resign due to his advancing age. He is the first Pope to resign in 600 years., This reporter thinks that Topps is letting down baseball card collectors. What do you think of the job they have been doing as the exclusive MLB trading card manufacturer? If UD got back in baseball, which products would you like to see?, Valentines Day is coming this week fans. What Upper Deck product would you most like to get a box of from your sweetheart on Thursday?, Canadian fans, make sure to follow all the happenings on Upper Deck's National Hockey Card Day page today as fans share their experiences scoring FREE UD packs! http://www.facebook.com/NationalHockeyCardDay, Upper Deck shares information on autograph cards in the 2013 National Hockey Card Day promotion on ESPN! Get out and get your FREE packs!!!, Thanks to all the fans who showed their love for SP Authentic Football! Look for more great giveaways right here soon! And congratulations to Matt Gillman for being selected to receive these two great rookie cards!, Puck fans holding draft pick redemption cards from 2012-13 NHL Artifacts and 2012-13 NHL Upper Deck Series One, here is some news for you!, Just one day left for our Super Giveaway fans! Will you score the hard-signed, multi-patch rookie cards of Kaepernick and Flacco??? Grab that camera and make it happen!, Haven't had a chance to open 2012-13 NHL SP Game-Used? We just did! Take a look!, Upper Deck has put together some AMAZING items for the next Expired Redemption Raffle at the Las Vegas Industry Summit. Take a look and get your expired cards in: http://upperdeckblog.com/2013/02/upper-deck-prepares-items-to-be-shared-at-the-expire-redemption-raffle-at-the-las-vegas-industry-summit/, We have posted the new store listings for retailers participating in the 2013 National Hockey Card Day promotion. Check out the list and plan who which shops you will visit to get your FREE National Hockey Card Day packs! Should be a great day for collecting!, National Hockey Card Day is coming! Check out this interview with UD's Chris Carlin where he provides more details on the promotion!, In an effort to keep shop owners and consumers up to date on products that have redemption cards in them that will be expiring in 2013, we have published a new Last Call list. Please reference this when you have questions about which older UD products have redemptions in them that may have expired., Phil Mickelson was on fire today in Scottsdale posting an amazing -11 for the day. Do any of you fans have this card in your collection??? Congrats Phil!, null, We've seen a lot of fans pulling some sweet redemptions for Robert Griffin III from 2012 SP Authentic Football. Good news, he signed and we received the cards back in today! They should be out in February to fans!, Lots of chatter about the George Washington "Hair Cuts" card featured on Pawn Stars last night. Check out more details on this hair raising set!, Here it is Football fans! It's your chance to score an autograph rookie SP Authentic patch card of Colin Kaepernick AND Joe Flacco! It is easy to participate in this giveaway and it is also FREE!!! So what are you waiting for???, The hottest rookie cards hit the market with SP Authentic Rookie Auto Patch cards!  Collect beautiful hard-signed autographed memorabilia cards showcasing the top rookies and legends.  Look for specially inserted packs of SP Threads Football featuring SP Threads Rookie Auto Jersey and SP Legendary Threads Auto Jersey cards!

Regular Set:
Regular Cards (100)
Regular Card SPs (50)
SP Rookie Auto Patch (30)

Product Highlights:
SP Rookie Auto Patch (# to 885 or less)
SP Rookie Threads Auto Jersey (# to 335 or less)
SP Legendary Threads Auto Jersey (# to 10)
Stadium Authentics (1:110)
1994 SP Football Die-Cut (1:48)

Configuration:
5 cards per pack
24 packs per box
12 boxes per case

Three (3) autographs in every box!  
Includes One (1) SP Rookie Auto Patch

NEW! SP Threads Bonus Packs!
Four (4) SP Threads Football packs per case
One (1) SP Threads Rookie Auto Jersey or SP Legendary Threads Auto Jersey inside each pack!

NEW! Get SP  Canvas base set variations – 4 per box!
Collect the entire 135-card card variation set!
Look for rare autographed parallels!

NEW! Collect the 100-card 1994 SP Football set – 4 per box!
Die-cut parallels fall 6 per case!

NEW!  Uncover Stadium Authentics inserts
Acetate cards with autographed and bowl game variations!
Look for dual, triple and quad autographed Sign of the Times cards #’d to 35 or less!
Collect autographs from superstars like:
Barry Sanders
Jerry Rice
John Elway
Robert Griffin III
Trent Richardson
Tim Tebow
And more!

Arrives December 2012!, SP Authentic Football hits today! Grab your boxes as we are going to have a VERY cool giveaway we are announcing today for our Football fans! It's going to be a SUPER giveaway! Stay tuned!, Did you see Upper Deck's George Washington SP Authentic Hair Cuts Autograph Card on Pawn Stars tonight? The episode is called "Hair Force One." The seller was looking for $75,000 for the card, what do you think it is worth?, Less than two weeks until National Hockey Card Day in Canada! Don't miss out Canadian puck fans!!!, In case you missed Saturday Night Live last night, this Ray Lewis skit is pretty funny!, It is a great weekend to get out and visit your favorite hobby shop! What is the best trading card shop you have ever been to???, Product Highlights:
Collect 6 Autographs per box!
Highlighted by SkyBox Autographics plus Rookie Sensations and Ultra Autos!
Grab 4 Rare ’90’s inserts per box!
A wealth of great inserts comprise these hits!
Tons of Awesome Technology!
Light F/X, Rainbow Foil, Multiple Colors of Acetate,  Die-Cuts and much more!
Get 1 slick insert in each pack!
Including Metal Universe, Flair Showcase Row 2  and EX 2001 designs! 

Display Box Break: (on average)
Six (6) Autograph cards
Four (4) Awesome 1990’s insert cards
Ten (10) Fleer Ultra cards
Twenty (20) Standard Inserts

Mini-Box Break: (on average)
Three (3) Autograph cards
Two (2) Awesome 1990’s insert cards
Five (5) Fleer Ultra cards
Ten (10) Standard Inserts

Awesome 1990’s inserts: (averaging 4 per box!)
’97-98 Precious Metal Gems
’96-97 Flair Showcase Row 2 Legacy & Legacy Masterpiece
’97-98 Essential Credentials, Future & Now
’96-97 Flair Showcase Hot Shots
’97-98 SkyBox Premium Golden Touch
’98-99 SkyBox Thunder Noyz Boyz
’98-99 Playmaker’s Theatre
’97 Fleer Diamond Tribute
’98-99 Fleer Tradition Electrifying
’97-98 Ultra Stars
’97-98 Metal Universe Championship Hardware
’98-99 SkyBox Premium Intimidation Nation
’97-98 Jambalaya

Precious Metal Gems, Get ALL THREE versions!
Precious Metal Gems Red - #’d to 100
Precious Metal Gems Blue - #’d to 25
Precious Metal Gems Green - #’d to 10

Configuration:
5 cards per pack
10 packs per mini-box
2 mini-boxes per display box
Product Arrival Date: April 2013, And hockey fans in the USA have a National Hockey Card Day promotion all to themselves on February 16, 2013! Take a look at the details on that promotion!, UD shares more details about the 2013 National Hockey Card Day promotion in Canada on February 9, 2013!, Ever wonder what a Gretzky Precious Metal Gems card would look like? Wonder no more! Check out UD's NHL plans for the 2012-13 NHL season!, Who says jersey cards aren't worth anything anymore..., I Have A Dream Speech by Dr. Martin Luther King, American hockey fans, check out your 2013 National Hockey Card Day set! Get your FREE packs on Saturday, February 16!!!, Canadian hockey fans, check out your 2013 National Hockey Card Day set! Get your FREE packs on Saturday, February 9!!!, Check out this fun video on why you should support two of Upper Deck's favorite charities!, With Valentine's Day coming, we wanted to share this fun story and remind fans that if you are looking for a fun way to pop the question to the sports fan in your life, we would love to help!, Upper Deck profiles a collector who is just two cards short of completing the entire 72-card UNC autograph set. Can you help him finish his first master set with his son?, Super Premium Hockey Returns in Time for the Start of the NHL® Season as 2012-13 NHL® SP Game-Used Arrives in Stores!, There were some exciting games this weekend that had football fans going through their collections hoping they had some cards of these players!, Colin Kaepernick stays hot in the playoffs. Check out some of his best rookie cards!, What piece of UDA memorabilia would you most like to add to your collection in 2013? Check out this story, share your comment on the blog and you could score a free UDA calendar for 2013!, We just announced a great FREE giveaway over on the Upper Deck Authenticated page. Like the page and take part today!, Who has the most iconic signature in the industry? Here's a hint, it's on the back of some of your favorite Upper Deck cards., Enjoy a first look at some of the live hard-signed autograph cards you can find in 2012 SP Authentic Football releasing on 1/29/13!, Upper Deck was very happy to see the NHL and NHLPA have agreed to the framework of a new collective bargaining agreement. New NHL product plans are currently being finalized. We are excited to share details and dates as they become available so please stay tuned for that news!

We should also share that Upper Deck made the business decision to intentionally short-print earlier 2012-13 NHL season products like O-Pee-Chee, Artifacts, Upper Deck Series One and Black Diamond due to the lockout. What is in the market should be considered very limited which is important to be aware of since demand on these products will likely rise as the season begins. On that same note, fans should be aware 2012-13 NHL SP Game-Used releasing on 1/15/13 is very limited as well. We apologize to fans collectors who have difficulty securing these products as demand increases for them.

We hope you are as excited as we are to seeing the puck drop this season!, Impressive showing by the Crimson Tide in the BCS National Championship Game last night. Collect your favorite 'Bama cards with Upper Deck's University of Alabama set. Roll Tide! http://upperdeckblog.com/2012/09/calling-all-alabama-crimson-tide-football-fans-finally-a-trading-card-set-just-for-you/, My name is Jason Masherah. Until today, I have been the Vice President of Marketing and Business Development for Upper Deck. 

Because you are friends of Upper Deck, I want you to be the first to know some very sad news. Richard McWilliam, our chairman and CEO, passed away over the weekend. Our entire company is heartbroken and grieving his death today. 

For the last year or so, I have been fulfilling the duties of President, and I have now been formally named President of Upper Deck.  I am honored to have the privilege to have been given the opportunity to lead this great company that Richard built and led.

Richard leaves behind his wife and their three children, and we ask that you respect them by allowing the space and time to grieve his death, as we all are today., Hockey is back puck fans! What players are you most excited about seeing this season???, Are you a Canadian collector with the hockey blues about the NHL lockout? Upper Deck and Grosnor are partnering for a cool promotion giving away a box a day for the first half of 2013! Check it out!!!, With the National Championship Football game next week, we are looking for the biggest Alabama and Notre Dame fans! Email us two paragraphs at UpperDeckMarketing@upperdeck.com why you think you are the biggest Alabama or Notre Dame fan along with a photo of you in your favorite team's gear (including an Upper Deck card from that team would be a good idea) and you may be featured on the Upper Deck Blog!, Gary Payton signs his 2013 All-Time Greats Basketball cards., Check out which products and programs UD fans thought were the best of 2012! Thanks to everyone who took the time to vote!, Thanks to all our fans for making 2012 so memorable! We are looking forward to continuing to bring you the most innovative collectibles in 2013 and beyond. The top thing you would love to see from Upper Deck in 2013 is _________________________., What were your favorite UD cards, products and programs of the year? Let your voice be heard! Vote now for the Collector's Choice Awards!, Great story about why kids should collect trading cards! Check it out and share the hobby with the kids in your life!, null, Tis the season to donate! Give back to our friends at Cards2Kids!, Do you have strong opinions on your favorite Upper Deck cards? Let your voice be heard with the 2012 Upper Deck Collector's Choice Awards! Check out some of the best cards of the year and vote for your favorites!, Hey fans, do you want to score a FREE Upper Deck Mail Day? Here's your chance!!!, National Hockey Card Day in the USA returns on Saturday, Feburary 16, 2013! Don't miss out on the fun as you can score a free pack of Upper Deck National Hockey Card Day cards from participating retailers. Collect the entire 15 card set made up of the top US born players and international stars on top American franchises! Make a purchase and get a special 16th card while supplies last featuring Jonathan Quick hoisting the Stanley Cup! Make sure your local shop is participating in this annual event!, National Hockey Card Day in Canada returns on Saturday, Feburary 9, 2013! Don't miss out on the fun as you can score a free pack of Upper Deck National Hockey Card Day cards from participating retailers. Collect the entire 15 card set made up of the top Team Canada young prospects, current stars and legends! Make a purchase and get a special 16th card while supplies last featuring Wayne Gretzky and Mario Lemieux from the 1987 Canada Cup! Make sure your local shop is participating in this annual event!, Looking for a great shop in British Columbia to do some holiday shopping at for the sports fan in your life? Check out Pastime Sports & Games: http://upperdeckblog.com/2012/12/featured-retailers-pastime-sports-games-in-british-columbia/ Support small businesses this holiday season, purchase your collectibles from Upper Deck Certified Diamond Dealers like Pastime!, Greg McElroy will be starting for the Jets this weekend. Does he have a shot to take the job of Mark Sanchez and Tim Tebow? If he can, it might be time to go back through your collections to find some of his rookie cards!!!, Continue your set of College Mascot Patches with the second installment of 60 more Mascot Patch cards!, null, Which one of these stellar sports collectibles would you most like to see with your name on it this holiday season? http://upperdeckblog.com/2012/12/gift-guide-the-perfect-sports-collectibles-present-for-the-sports-fan-who-has-everything/, null, null, The brilliant success of Fleer Retro crosses over to the gridiron with 2012 Fleer Retro Football!  Collect classic Fleer inserts, Precious Metal Gems, and throwback designs featuring the outstanding 2012 rookie class and football greats from past and present!

Regular Set:
Regular Cards (50)

Top Inserts:
Autographics (1997-2000)
Precious Metal Gems Red (# to 100), Blue (# to 50), and Green (# to 10)! 
Jambalaya (1:360)
Flair Legacy Row 0 (# to 100)

Configuration:
5 cards per pack
10 packs per inner box
2 inner boxes per main box
6 main boxes per case

Break Summary: (on average)
Six (6) Autographs in every main box!
Each 10-pack inner box has three (3) autos!
Four (4) inserts per main box (two per inner box) from the following:
Precious Metal Gems
Golden Touch
A Cut Above
Noyz Boyz
Hot Hands
Metal Championship Hardware
Intimidation Nation
Playmakers Theatre
Ultra Stars
Flair Legacy Row 0
Rookie Sensations fall 1:3
Featuring 2012 Rookies on the retro 1993 Rookie Sensation design!, 2012-13 SP Authentic Basketball delivers big hits, big names, and big content!  Continuing the popular Homecourt Signatures from last year, collectors can search for rare Final Floor Signature variations including dual autograph versions!  With every case guaranteed a Michael Jordan or LeBron James autograph, 2012-13 SP Authentic Basketball is sure to be a red-hot must-have product! 

Arrival: Late May 2013

Regular Set:
Regular Cards (50)
SP Flashback Rookie F/X (50)

Top Inserts:
SP By the Letter Autographs (Varied #)
College Pride Autograph Patch (Varied #)
Homecourt Signatures
Final Floor Signatures and Final Floor Dual Signatures
Sign of the Times Dual, Triple and Quad Autos 

Configuration:
5 cards per pack
24 packs per box
6 boxes per inner shipper
2 inner shippers per case

Three Hits in every box from:
SP By the Letter Autographs
College Pride Autographs
Homecourt Signatures
Sign of the Times Dual, Triple & Quad Signatures
SP Flashback Rookie F/X Autographs 
Regular Card Autograph Parallels
Authentic Nickname Signatures
Homecourt Signatures are back with rare Final Floor Signature and Dual Signature Variations!
Your chance to get a dual autograph of Larry Bird and Magic Johnson signing over a replica 1979 NCAA Championship Floor Piece!

Every 12-box case delivers unbelievable value!
One 6-box inner shipper will include a Michael Jordan or LeBron James Autograph
on average AND the other 6-box inner shipper will include an autograph from: Michael Jordan, LeBron James, Larry Bird, Bill Russell, Magic Johnson, Julius Erving, Allen Iverson, Reggie Miller, Karl Malone, Grant Hill, or Chris Paul on average!, All-Time Greats returns with nine new basketball immortals and all new signature inserts!  The prestigious checklist features only eighteen different athletes, some of the best players to ever play the game!  With a limited production run, hard-signed autographs, and elite signers, 2013 All-Time Greats delivers value, collectability, and class!

Regular Set:
Regular Cards (100)
Jordan Vs. (20)

Top Inserts:
Banner Seasons (Varied #)
Program of Excellence (Varied #)
Team for the Ages (# to 12)
Big Signatures (# to 10)

Configuration:
4 cards per pack
1 packs per box
3 boxes per inner shipper
2 inner shippers per case

Boxes are Player Specific!
Every tin will contain 3 base cards and 1 Autograph card all of the same player!
The entire checklist is made up of only 18 players to ensure the most premium value!
Window in the top of the tin will show which player is in inside once the outer box is opened
Look for rare ‘Team for the Ages’ boxes containing 5 autograph cards!
NEW! Collect Jordan Vs. regular cards plus dual signature versions #’d to 23!

MICHAEL JORDAN AUTOGRAPHS FALL 1 EVERY 6 BOXES!!!

NEW!  Look for oversized Big Signatures!
NEW!  Collect Banner Season autographed booklet cards!
NEW!  Look for All-Time Forces single and dual signatures #’d to 35 or less!
All Autographs are hard-signed and hand numbered!

Checklist:
Michael Jordan
LeBron James
Julius Erving
Magic Johnson
Bill Russell
Larry Bird
Hakeem Olajuwon
Grant Hill
David Robinson
Dennis Rodman – NEW!
Jason Kidd – NEW!
Allen Iverson – NEW!
Karl Malone – NEW!
Gary Payton – NEW!
Paul Pierce – NEW!
Ray Allen – NEW!
Isiah Thomas – NEW!
Reggie Miller – NEW!, null, Exciting news! National Hockey Card Day is returning to Canada and the USA for 2013. Check out all the details! http://upperdeckblog.com/2012/12/brag-photo-national-hockey-card-day-returns-to-canada-and-the-u-s-a-for-2013/, It's that time of year again fans! Happy holidays from Upper Deck!, Product Highlights:
NO REDEMPTIONS - All autograph content is LIVE in the product!
(NEW) Emerald (#’d of 10) and Sapphire (1-of-1) 250-card base set parallels . . . more than half of the cards will feature autographs!
Ice Premieres RC’s (HUGE SELLERS)
Championship Rings (1:72)
(NEW) Crosby & Ovechkin hard-signed Buybacks!
Rookie Gems (Triples 1:8, Quads 1:24)
Hardware Heroes (#’d of 100)
Black Diamond Jerseys
Lustrous Rookies (1:288) . . .  plus all-new Lustrous Stars (1:864) & Lustrous Greats (1:1,728)

Box Break: (on average)
Six (6) Double Diamond Veterans
Three (3) Triple Diamond Veterans
Three (3) Triple Diamond Rookie Gems
One (1) Quadruple Diamond Rookie Gems
One (1) Ruby, Emerald or  Sapphire Parallel (now featuring auto’d versions)
Two (2) Black Diamond Jerseys
One (1) UD Ice Bonus Pack (featuring an Ice Premieres RC (#’d b/wn 1999 & 99)

Case Break: (on average)
One (1) Lustrous Rookies (plus one Lustrous Stars or Lustrous Greats card in every other case)
One (1) Hardware Heroes (#’d of 100)
Four (4) PETG Championship Rings
Four-Five (4-5) GEMography Autos

Configuration:
5 cards per pack
24 packs per box (plus Bonus pack!)
Product Arrival Date: 12/11/12, Now here is a place that 'Bama fans, and all college football fans should check out!, null, Collect the first cards ever produced for future college All-Americans and professional superstars!  Get autographs and memorabilia from current college superstars like Todd Gurley!  Past USA Football alumni include players like David Wilson, Joe Bergeron, Jaxon Shipley, Kevin Hogan, and many more!

Regular Set:
Regular Cards (49)
Checklist Card (1)

Autograph Cards:
USA Football Base Card Auto Parallel
USA Football Future Swatch Auto Parallel (# to 5)
USA Football Future Swatch Patch Auto Parallel (# to 2)
USA Football U-19 National Team Signatures

Memorabilia Cards:
USA Football Future Swatch
USA Football Future Swatch Patch Parallel
USA Football U-19 National Team Future Swatch

Configuration:
58 cards per set
20 boxes per case

Every box delivers a 49-card base set plus 1 checklist card!
Eight (8) autographs or memorabilia cards in every box!
Includes at least 2 autographs!
Look for limited #’d autographed memorabilia parallels!
NEW!  Includes autographs and memorabilia from USA Football’s Under 19 National team!

Checklist:
Adrian Bellard
Brennen Blakemore
Canon Smith
D.J. Singleton
Frank Epitropoulos
Hardy Nickerson Jr
Imani Cross
Anu Solomon
Jordan Richmond
Ray Buchanan Jr
Ryan Reid
Terry Richardson
Zach Espinosa
Alex Carter
Brian Gaia
Carlos Mendoza
Daje Johnson
Freddie Tagaloa
Ian Park
Jameis Winston
Javelle Allen
Malcom Brown
Romond Deloatch
Sean Maguire
Timothy Cole 
Andre McDonald
Caleb Blueitt
Colby Cooke
Devin Funchess
Gimel President
Ifeadi Odenigbo
James Ross
Joe Harris
Moana Ofahengaue
Ronald Geohaghan
Se’Von Pittman
Todd Gurley
Boone Feldt
Caleb Stacey
Corey Coleman
Felix Romero
Greg Garmon
Ikenna Nwafor
Jarrett Irving
Joey Hunt
Noor Davis
Royce Jenkins-Stone
Spencer Stanley
Trey Keenan 

Release - December 2012, Put a real star on the top of your Christmas tree this season!, Upper Deck's new 2012 All-Time Greats Sports Edition seems to be a big hit with collectors. If we bring it back for 2013, who do you think is worthy to appear on the 20 card checklist?, Mini championship banners will be available in retail blaster boxes., The winner of the 2012 Heisman trophy will be ____________________., We sat down with the Sports Illustrated Sportsman of the Year to talk about what it was like to win his first championship, the Olympics and why his memorabilia makes the perfect gift. Take a look!, 2012 Upper Deck All-Time Greats Sports Edition hits stores today and guess what, there are ZERO redemptions in the product. All autograph content is LIVE in packs. Should make for some really fun breaks. Enjoy and share your hits on our Timeline!, null, Upper Deck received a rare visit from the Stanley Cup today at company headquarters! Take a look at how it went down! http://upperdeckblog.com/2012/12/the-stanley-cup-visits-san-diego-upper-deck-staff-get-their-day-with-the-cup/, We have an immortal hockey legend scheduled to visit the Upper Deck headquarters this morning. UD staff are very excited. Any guesses???, For those of you waiting on the 2011-12 NHL SP Authentic Dual Sign of the Times Mystery Redemptions, take a look at the current checklist!, Product Highlights: 1 Autograph AND 1 Memorabilia Card in EVERY PACK!
Tons of Spectacular Hits!

Stellar Box Hits: Inked Drivers!
Premium Sig on pseudo Metal-Driver Club Face!
First Tee Autographed RC’s!
Kick it Into Gear!
Great Tour Gear cards Shirts, Gloves, Caps, Buttons + combos!
Supreme Gear cards Jumbo-sized, super-premium swatches!
Look for ‘Front 9’ player pairings! With 2 fan-favorite golfers, featuring 2-3 cool items each! Numbered to 10 & 25, respectively!

Pack Break: (on average)
One (1) Auto AND (1) Memorabilia Card!
Three (3) Base Set or Retro Rookies (including printing plates)

Box Break: (on average)
One (1) First Tee Rookie Autograph Card
One (1) Inked Drivers Signature card
One (1) Additional Stellar Autograph card
Three (3) Memorabilia Cards

Case Break: (on average)
Every other box will feature a super-premium hit
Premium Memorabilia Cards (Case Hits)
Get 1 in Every Other Box!! – 
Scorecard Dual Sigs #’d to 15 or 5
Scorecard Triple Sigs #’d to 9 or 3
Inked Drivers Dark Persimmon #’d to 10, 3 or 1
Inked Drivers Red Steel #’d to 5 or 2
Inked Fabrics Level 3, #’d to 10
Front 9 Combo (Six Swatch) #’d to 10
Tour Gear Shirt-Cap, #’d to 15
Tour Gear Cap-Glove, #’d to 12
Tour Gear Glove-Tag/Patch, #’d to 2
Tour Gear Tag/Patch-Button, #’d 1-of-1
Tour Gear Gold Quad Shirt #’d to 10
Tour Gear Dual, Triple or Quad Cap #’d to 12, 10 or 8
Tour Gear Dual, Triple or Quad Glove #’d to 10, 5 or 3
Tour Gear Dual, Triple or Quad Tag/Patch #’d to 2
Tour Gear Dual, Triple or Quad Button #’d 1-of-1
Supreme Gear #’d to 3
Rory McIlroy SP1 card

Configuration:
5 cards per pack
3 packs per box
Product Arrival Date: Feb. 2013, Upper Deck Creates Exclusive UD Infinite Promo Cards for 2013 Industry Summit, Football fans, do you have any of these cards of the most talked about new starting QB's in the league?, Holiday Gift Guide - Got a 'Bama fan on your Christmas list? We've got the perfect item for them: http://capstonereport.com/2012/11/28/alabama-fan-gift-guide-collectible-trading-cards-for-the-crimson-tide/18309/, In the midst of a lockout, you can still find some hockey love. Check out one staff member's week long hockey extravaganza!, null, Give your time to a great cause this weekend if you are in the Chicago area. Help package up cards for our friends at Cards2Kids! Should be a great event, be a part of it!, It is small business Saturday! Get out and visit your Upper Deck Certified Diamond Dealers. Check out some we have featured on our blog!, We've had a lot of inquiries from fans about the GTS/Universal promo packs and short print information on the autograph cards found inside. Check this out for more details and answers to those questions!, The Upper Deck set you are closest to completing is _______________? Share who you are missing, maybe a fan can help you out!, Fans should be receiving your 2012 Goodwin Champions Entomology redemptions now if you had them registered. Show them off on our Timeline!, A member of our Athlete Relations team was able to spend a little time with J.T. Brown of the Tampa Bay Lightning recently. Check out the story on this up and coming prospect!, null, If you could invite any living sports star to Thanksgiving dinner, who would you invite?, Check out the short print information and more previously unreleased details on 2012-13 NHL Upper Deck Series One!, For those celebrating Christmas, remember that trading cards make great ornaments for your tree. Take a look!, Upper Deck Goes All Out to Show Support For the Troops This Veteran’s Day!, Help this collector get his card back!, null, 2012-13 NHL Upper Deck Series One hits shelves today! Post your favorite hits on our Timeline here!, UD reveals the final checklists for the 2012 Priority Signing Wrapper Redemption Promotion at the Fall Expo. Take a look: http://upperdeckblog.com/2012/11/at-the-2012-fall-expo-upper-deck-offers-collectors-two-different-nhl-priority-signings-sets-to-chase/, For those visiting Toronto this weekend, make an effort to stop into "From Hockey to Hollywood!" Definitely worth the visit!, Good day to talk Presidents. Check out this very impressive collection of Presidential cards. If you have any cool UD Presidential cards, especially cuts, show them off on our timeline, we'd love to see them!, We have contacted the winning candidates for our weekend giveaway! Thanks to everyone who participated. Look for more giveaways here soon as we get ready to head to Toronto for the Fall Expo. Check out details!, After Sidney Crosby's "golden goal," what in your opinion was the greatest moment for Team Canada in hockey? Remember, only Upper Deck has an exclusive deal with Team Canada and will be adding that content to some 2012-13 products., Here's the weekend giveaway fans! It's free to participate and you can score a box of 2012 Goodwin Champions or 2012 SP Authentic Golf. Make sure to read the rules before you begin!, We've got a weekend giveaway coming up in the next hour. Stay tuned fans!!! A box of 2012 Goodwin Champions & SP Authentic Golf are up for grabs!, We've had a few questions about the Upper Deck experience application on the new Dynamics ePlate credit card. Check out these additional details., null, Be the first to see some of the key 2012-13 NHL UD1 Young Guns rookie cards releasing next week!, Some of the staff here at UD headquarters in Carlsbad in costume took a quick moment to pose. Happy Halloween to all our fans!, Are any collectors planning on handing out Upper Deck packs for Halloween? We know quite a few collectors who enjoy sharing the hobby this time of year. Thank you for your support!, Happy Halloween to all our fans out there. We'd love to see your costumes, especially if they are sports related. Post a picture on our Timeline., Upper Deck's USA Football subjects continue to make a huge impact with their college teams. Check them out!, UPPER DECK LAUNCHES EXCLUSIVE TRADING CARD EXPERIENCE™ APPLICATION FOR DYNAMICS EPLATE™ VISA® CREDIT CARD, Do any of you have the Upper Deck Johnny Kilroy card???, Lots of collectors have been enjoying the Championship Bling set in the new Exquisite Basketball. Check out a gallery of them!, Check out this very impressive assortment of Wayne Gretzky autograph cards we recently received in: http://upperdeckblog.com/2012/10/wayne-gretzky-mail-day-at-upper-deck-headquarters/, We just received in a VERY impressive amount of signed cards from the Great One; Wayne Gretzky. Stay tuned for a gallery coming shortly!, Check out more details on the big show coming up in Toronto: http://upperdeckblog.com/2012/10/upper-deck-plans-to-keep-hockey-interest-alive-at-the-2012-fall-sportcard-memorabilia-expo/, Check out Upper Deck's plans for the 2012 Fall Sportcard & Memorabilia Expo! Especially those of you with expired redemptions!, Looking for a great Halloween costume? Here is one of our all-time favorites!, FORE! Time for a giveaway UD Fans! We are looking for the most excited Upper Deck Golf Collector. Take a picture holding your favorite Upper Deck golf card and then make that your profile picture for Facebook. Then post a comment HERE as to what your favorite Upper Deck golf card is and why. The fan who most skillfully conveys their enthusiasm for the product will receive a box of 2012 SP Authentic Golf! Posts must be received in by Wednesday, 10/17 at 11:00 p.m. PST. We will decide on the winner on Thursday, 10/18 at 4:00 p.m. PST. You must leave your profile pic with the UD card up on Facebook until we decide the winner on Thursday afternoon. Good luck!, Happy to check this one off our list of outstanding autograph redemptions. Look for these cards to ship soon for those of you who have been waiting on them!, null, Never pulled a Michael Jordan autograph card before from a pack? Your best opportunity to do so arrives tomorrow with Exquisite Basketball! Good luck and show them off on our Timeline if you pull one!, We are less than 1,000 fans away from 20,000. Share this page with your friends who love sports and encourage them to like it. If we get over 20,000 today, we'll do a giveaway for a box of the new 2012 SP Authentic Golf!, Coming January 2013!, What would you do if you pulled this card???, We guarantee you have never seen a trading card like this before. Containing the oldest elements in the Solar System, Upper Deck's "It Came From Outer Space" meteorite cards have arrived!, Good news for collectors who have registered their redemptions for 2012 Goodwin Champions Museum Collection cards! They have been completed and will be shipping soon!, Cool story by eBay on some of the exciting movement on Upper Deck Michael Jordan inserts., Congratulations to Miguel Cabrera on winning the Triple Crown! We would love to see any of your UD Cabrera or Yaz cards!!!, Dr. J recently signed for UD for Exquisite Collection Basketball. In that set is an insert called "Personal Touch" where the athlete adds and inscription responding to a question. When asked who his favorite musician was, Dr. J listed one band. Please post a guess of who you think that band is. The collector who lists the right band, the quickest will take home six packs of 2011-12 SP Authentic Basketball where you that the chance of pulling a Dr. J card. We will announce the winner this afternoon!, The rumors are true, Upper Deck will be releasing an Exquisite Basketball set this season and you will not want to miss it. Look for this highly sought after product when it releass on October 16, 2012., Collect tomorrow's football start today with UD's USA Football!, Configuration:4 cards per pack 1 packs per box 6 boxes per case (two 3-box inners)Regular Set: Regular Cards (100)Top Inserts:Personal Touch Signatures (Varied #)Lettermen Signatures (Varied #)Athletes of the Century (Varied #)All-Time Forces Hologram Signatures (Varied #)Shining Moments Signatures (Varied #)Summary: Every tin will contain 3 base cards and 1 Auto!The entire product is composed of 20 select superstars to ensure premium value!All Autographs are hard-signed!Look for Legacy Book Cards featuring a living legend paired with a cut signature! Mike Tyson/Joe Frazier Tiger Woods/Ben Hogan Barry Sanders/Red Grange Wayne Gretzky/Maurice Richard Jerry Rice/Walter Payton And more!Collect All-Time Forces Hologram cards including Dual Signatures! Look for incredible pairings like: Michael Jordan/Tiger Woods Landon Donovan/Kelly Slater Wayne Gretzky/Mario Lemieux Mike Tyson/Bo Jackson LeBron James/Larry Bird And more!Checklist: Michael Jordan, Tiger Woods, Bobby Orr, Dan Marino, Jerry Rice, Annika Sorenstam, Landon Donovan, Larry Bird, LeBron James, Barry Sanders, Richard Petty, Kelly Slater, Joe Sakic, Wayne Gretzky, Bo Jackson, Mario Lemieux, Pete Rose, Hulk Hogan, Mike Tyson and Troy Aikman. Coming December 2012!, The hottest rookie cards hit the market with SP Authentic Rookie Auto Patch cards!  Collect beautiful hard-signed autographed memorabilia cards showcasing the top rookies and legends.  Look for specially inserted packs of SP Threads Football featuring SP Threads Rookie Auto Jersey and SP Legendary Threads Auto Jersey cards!

Regular Set:
Regular Cards (100)
Regular Card SPs (50)
SP Rookie Auto Patch (30)

Product Highlights:
SP Rookie Auto Patch (# to 885 or less)
SP Rookie Threads Auto Jersey (# to 335 or less)
SP Legendary Threads Auto Jersey (# to 10)
Stadium Authentics (1:110)
1994 SP Football Die-Cut (1:48)

Configuration:
5 cards per pack
24 packs per box
12 boxes per case

Three (3) autographs in every box!  
Includes One (1) SP Rookie Auto Patch

NEW! SP Threads Bonus Packs!
Four (4) SP Threads Football packs per case
One (1) SP Threads Rookie Auto Jersey or SP Legendary Threads Auto Jersey inside each pack!

NEW! Get SP  Canvas base set variations – 4 per box!
Collect the entire 135-card card variation set!
Look for rare autographed parallels!

NEW! Collect the 100-card 1994 SP Football set – 4 per box!
Die-cut parallels fall 6 per case!

NEW!  Uncover Stadium Authentics inserts
Acetate cards with autographed and bowl game variations!
Look for dual, triple and quad autographed Sign of the Times cards #’d to 35 or less!
Collect autographs from superstars like:
Barry Sanders
Jerry Rice
John Elway
Robert Griffin III
Trent Richardson
Tim Tebow
And more!

Arrives December 2012!, Congratulations to Joe Klonek who was the first to guess two of Jerry Rice's three favorite recording artists. We've got some packs set aside for you Joe! Thanks to everyone who participated!, WEEKEND GIVEAWAY! Jerry Rice recently signed for UD for All-Time Greats. In that set is an insert called "Personal Touch" where the athlete adds and inscription responding to a question. When asked who his favorite recording artists were, Jerry Rice listed three artists. Please post a guess of who the three artists you think he put were. The collector who lists the most correctly, the quickest will take home six packs of 2011 College Football Legends where you that the chance of pulling a Rice card. You have all weekend to post your answers (so do a little research) and we will select the most skillful fan as the winner on Monday morning, Congratulations to Trey Treutel who was the first to guess Jerry Rice's heroes! Six packs of Legends Football are going to you Trey?

What do you think, should we play another round going over the weekend?, How about a Friday afternoon giveaway? Jerry Rice recently signed for UD for All-Time Greats. In that set is an insert called "Personal Touch" where the athlete adds and inscription responding to a question. When asked who his heroes were, Jerry Rice listed three people. Please post a guess of who the three people you think he put were. The collector who lists the most correctly, the quickest will take home six packs of 2011 College Football Legends where you that the chance of pulling a Rice card. You have one hour before we post the answers and select the most skillful fan as the winner., Big news! If you've got an expired Upper Deck autograph redemption, here's your chance to get something for it!, Take a look at Jerry Rice signing for 2012 Upper Deck All-Time Greats and get a preview of some of the cards in the set!, Look for the Alabama Football product releasing next week!, The best Upper Deck Golf card of all time is __________________., Anyone have one of these? May be time to go through those old baseball boxes..., If there is no NHL season this year, how will that effect your hockey collecting habits?, The rumors are true, Upper Deck will be releasing an Exquisite Basketball set this season and you will not want to miss it. Look for this highly sought after product when it releass on October 16, 2012., null, Exciting day with 2012 SP Authentic Golf hitting today. Post your hits on our Timeline. And if you are looking for the checklist, please email us at UpperDeckMarketing@upperdeck.com and we will shoot it your way!, Look for a fun surprise in 2012 SP Authentic Golf with the "Parade of Stars" insert set. Capture your favorite professional athletes as they hit the links!, Hobby Configuration:
8 cards per pack
24 packs per box

Regular Set:
Regular Cards (90)
Roll Tide Through the Years (10)

Top Inserts:
All-Time Alumni Autographs
Look for duals and triples!
National Champions Autographs
Look for duals and triples!
NCAA All Americans Autographs
Crimson Tide Icons (1:12)

Hobby Box Break Summary:  
Get One (1) Alabama Football Legend Autograph per box!  
Two (2) Crimson Tide Icons cards per box!
Every pack has two-three (2-3) inserts, autographs or foil numbered parallels!

Autographs from Alabama Legends like:
Nick Saban
Joe Namath
Ken Stabler
Ozzie Newsome
Shaun Alexander
Bart Starr
Mark Ingram
Trent Richardson
John Hannah
And more!

Collect some of the greatest names ever to represent Alabama Football dating back to the 1920s!
Paul “Bear” Bryant
Dwight Stephenson
Johnny Mack Brown
E.J. Junior
Don Hutson
Gene Stallings
Lee Roy Jordan
Cornelius Bennett
Joe Namath
Derrick Thomas
Bart Starr
Mark Barron
Ken Stabler
Jay Barker
John Hannah
Dwayne Rudd
John Croyle
Shaun Alexander
Sylvester Croom
Brodie Croyle
Ozzie Newsome
Greg McElroy
Mark Ingram
Trent Richardson
Courtney Upshaw
Nick Saban
Julio Jones
And Many More!
, We are getting ready to film a segment with ESPN about the new Upper Deck Alabama Football product. Which college program do you think is most deserving of having a stand alone football product?, After his performance last night, expect this card to be on the rise as well!, Ramses Barden had a huge game last night for the Giants with nine catches for a career high 138 yeards. Is he the next Victor Cruz?, Have you pulled a Rookie Evolution Video Redemption from 2011-12 NHL The Cup? Here's some more information on the next "evolution" of Evolution Video cards!, We just had a signing session with one of the greatest running backs of all time! Check it out!, null, Collecting The Cup? You'll want to check this out!, http://upperdeckblog.com/2012/09/will-hulkamania-run-wild-upper-deck-prepares-to-release-hulk-hogan-signed-trading-cards/, Cool story on Jimmy Rollins, the coach of a Uganda Little League team and an Upper Deck card., Many of the Upper Deck team were off in Toronto this week for the 2012 NHLPA Rookie Showcase. Take a look at what happens at the event., Is this the year for Pittsburgh Pirates fans to finally rejoice?, For those who thought it wasn't coming, ask yourself, "Can you really have a NHL season without The Cup?" Collectors can hoist 2011-12 NHL The Cup on September 11, 2012., Big weekend in college football. For our pigskin fans, which game are you most excited to check out?, Want to be one of the first to see the final checklist for this product? Email us at UpperDeckMarketing@upperdeck.com and we will send it to you!, Big news! Upper Deck adds Rory McIlroy to stable of exclusive athletes! Check this out!, It was a memorable couple days here in Toronto at the 2012 NHLPA Rookie Showcase. We had a couple customers win a spot to attend and they got to meet the next crop of Young Guns. Look for details on what went down, along with some giveaways later on this week!, Our hockey team just finished hand packing out 2011-12 NHL The Cup this weekend. Look for images of some of the amazing hits later on this week!, Exciting day in Toronto as Upper Deck acquires signatures from all the top 2012-13 NHL rookies during the 2012 NHLPA Rookie Showcase! Which rookie are you most excited about seeing on the ice this season?, People seem to be loving 2011 Exquisite Football, but it is a product that not everyone can afford. Luckily many can enjoy it vicariously through online box breaks. Do you have any favorites for this product that you have seen so far? Leave them in the comment section below!, Check out this story on surfing legend Kelly Slater signing for Upper Deck: http://upperdeckblog.com/2012/08/gnarly-surfing-legend-kelly-slater-finds-his-way-into-new-upper-deck-sports-card-packs/, Are you a college student looking for an internship opportunity with a sports company? Check this out! UD is currently accepting resumes for interns for the fall semester!, We had an unannounced insert in 2012-13 NHL O-Pee-Chee. Did you find one of the Black & White cards? Check out what they are all about!, Wanna see something cool? Now you have the "Choice" in putting together your own multi-signed autograph cards., Upper Deck Innovates Again Giving Collectors a “Choice” in Autograph Football Cards!, Do you think there is any fuel left in the Rocket's tank for one more pitching outing at the ripe old age of 50?, Upper Deck Certified Diamond Dealers will be receiving a LeBron James promotional poster for this product from their Authorized Distributor., Exquisite Football hits the shelves tomorrow. Take a look at some of the great hits in the product., Check out some details on Upper Deck's Goodwin Champions Animal Kingdom patch cards., Congratulations to King Felix on his perfect game! A lot of people say that all the recent no-hitters and perfect games make them less special. What do you think???, Do you know a child with Autism or Asperger's Syndrome? Share some trading cards with them. Based on what other parents have shared, they will likely love them!, What do you think the best insert set is in the new 2012 Goodwin Champions product?, Get your O-Pee-Chee Hockey today!, Baseball collectors, we need your help. The Bench is looking for five more cards to complete the massive Yankee Stadium Legacy set at over 6,700 cards. Can you help!?!?, Kelly Slater is signing his All-Time Greats Booklet cards for the product today. Follow him on Twitter as he discusses the signing @kellyslater., Big day today with 2012 Goodwin Champions and 2012-13 NHL O-Pee-Chee arriving in stores. Please post any images of some of the better cards from your breaks here today!, Fun story!, Hobby Configuration:
8 cards per pack
24 packs per box

Regular Set:
Regular Cards (90)
Roll Tide Through the Years (10)

Top Inserts:
All-Time Alumni Autographs
Look for duals and triples!
National Champions Autographs
Look for duals and triples!
NCAA All Americans Autographs
Crimson Tide Icons (1:12)

Hobby Box Break Summary:  
Get One (1) Alabama Football Legend Autograph per box!  
Two (2) Crimson Tide Icons cards per box!
Every pack has two-three (2-3) inserts, autographs or foil numbered parallels!

Autographs from Alabama Legends like:
Nick Saban
Joe Namath
Ken Stabler
Ozzie Newsome
Shaun Alexander
Bart Starr
Mark Ingram
Trent Richardson
John Hannah
And more!

Collect some of the greatest names ever to represent Alabama Football dating back to the 1920s!
Paul “Bear” Bryant
Dwight Stephenson
Johnny Mack Brown
E.J. Junior
Don Hutson
Gene Stallings
Lee Roy Jordan
Cornelius Bennett
Joe Namath
Derrick Thomas
Bart Starr
Mark Barron
Ken Stabler
Jay Barker
John Hannah
Dwayne Rudd
John Croyle
Shaun Alexander
Sylvester Croom
Brodie Croyle
Ozzie Newsome
Greg McElroy
Mark Ingram
Trent Richardson
Courtney Upshaw
Nick Saban
Julio Jones
And Many More!
, The most valuable rookie cards in the best product of the year!  2011 Exquisite Football delivers all the top Rookies with beautiful oversized patch autographs.  Look for all new inserts like Exquisite Masterpieces, Exquisite Dimensions, and Exquisite Twelve Signatures!  Get five (5) Autographs in every box! All images are LIVE SCANS!Regular Set:Regular Cards (60)Exquisite Rookie Signatures (60)Exquisite Rookie Signature Patch Cards (36)Top Inserts:NEW!  UD Black Rookie Lustrous Signatures (#’d to 75 or less)NEW!  Exquisite Twelve Signatures (#’d to 1)NEW!  Exquisite Masterpieces (#’d to 25 or less)Exquisite Rookie Book Marks (#’d to 40)Exquisite Inscriptions (#’d to 10 or less)Configuration:7 cards per pack1 packs per boxProduct Arrival Date: Mid-August, 2012, We announced we would be releasing 2012-13 NHL The Cup last week. Like this post if you can't wait to open your pack of the best hockey product of the year!, null, This is a really cool story, what an awesome collection of three incredible cards!, Are you a history buff? Check out the Civil War artifacts in 2012 Goodwin Champions!, WEEKEND GIVEAWAY: Score a complete 20-card set of Upper Deck's National wrapper redemption cards by sharing your idea on how to get kids excited about the hobby right here. We will select four collectors who most skillfully provide a concept that is low-cost to implement that can have a high-yield return in terms of creating awareness for collecting among kids. Comment right here to participate in the giveaway. We will select the top four entries Monday afternoon!, Helping to expose the hobby of collecting cards to kids remains a top priority here at Upper Deck. See how we do it at trade shows like the National!, This is really cool!, Canadians get fired up for a special wrapper redemption promotion tied to 2012-13 NHL O-Pee-Chee releasing next week!, Product Highlights:40 more cards per box for 2012-13!Product Trademark – huge 600-card set(NEW) OPC Buyback AutographsOn-Card sigs of Crosby, Ovechkin and other stars!Box Break: (on average)Thirty-Two (32) Retro parallelsEight (8) Marquee RookiesEight (8) Marquee LegendsEight (8) Rainbow Foil parallelsTen (10) OPC StickersTwo (2) OPC Pop-UpsCase Break: (on average)Four (4) Team Logo PatchesTwo (2) OPC Signatures One (1) Team Canada SignatureFind rare OPC Buyback Autos!Product Highlights:(NEW) OPC Pop-Ups50-card “old school” die-cut inserts1950’s-era Retro Parallel These are beauties!Team Logo Patches:100-Card set6 different tiers of scarcityPatches from 1917 to present day!Hobby exclusive . . . 4 per caseLook for rare Expansion Era, Pre-WWII, Ceremonial and Cartoon subsets!Product Highlights:(NEW) OPC Stickers1980’s trading card-style “thick” stickersTeam Canada Signatures!8 cards per pack, 32 packs per box, $1.99 SRPTeam Logo Patches (hobby only, 4 per case)Wrapper Redemption ProgramAutographed Buybacks (Crosby & Ovechkin)Stickers & Pop-UpsArrives August 14, 2012, Product Highlights:
More low #’d Auto & Game-Used hits than ever!
Rookie Redemptions . . . Plus Autos #’d of 99!
(NEW) 25-card Team Canada subset
(NEW) 25-card Goalies subset

Box Break: (on average)
One (1) Auto or Auto-Mem card
One 1) Multi-Player Game-Used card
Two (2) Single-Player Game-Used cards
One (1) Rookie Redemption card
One (1) Parallel #’d of 99 or less
Four (4) Subsets #’d of 999 (including Goalies, Team Canada and Rookies)
On average every box will have a card featuring either a patch, strap, stick or tag!
Case Break: (on average)
Auto Rookie Redemption #’d of 99
Patch-Stick #’d of 10
Dual Patch #’d of 9 or 15
Patch-Tag #’d of 5 or 2
Dual Jersey Auto #’d of 12
Patch-Jersey Auto #’d of 8
Dual Patch Auto #’d of 3
Patch-Tag Auto #’d of 1
Black Foil Auto #’d of 5
Tandems or Trios Patch #’d of 35 or 15
Tandems or Trios Strap #’d of 10 or 5
Tandems or Trios Tag #’d of 1

Configuration:
5 cards per pack
10 packs per box
16 boxes per case
, Looking for the best rookie cards of these new look Lakers? Check these amazing cards out!, Product Highlights:Stellar Young Guns lineup!Incl. Ranger Chris Kreider!UD CanvasAveraging 4 per boxYoung Guns Canvas (1:48)!UD Game Jersey, 2 per boxPlus 300 Win Club Jerseys!Acetate case hits – including Clear Cut Pride series!(NEW) Requisite Radiance!(NEW) Silver Skates, with SP, Gold & Gold SP versions!Box Break: (on average)Six (6) Young Guns RC’sFour (4) UD Canvas cardsTwo (2) UD Game JerseysTwo (2) Silver SkatesFour (4) MVP Regular CardsTwo (2) Hockey Heroes 1970’sCase Break: (on average)Six (6) UD Canvas Young GunsOne (1) Signature SensationsOne (1) Clear Cut PrideSix (6) Regular Set Exclusive ParallelsTwo-Three (2-3) Silver Skates SP’sOne (1) Silver Skates GoldConfiguration:8 cards per pack24 packs per boxProduct Arrival Date: November, Hobby Configuration:
8 cards per pack
24 packs per box

Regular Set:
Regular Cards (90)
Roll Tide Through the Years (10)

Top Inserts:
All-Time Alumni Autographs
Look for duals and triples!
National Champions Autographs
Look for duals and triples!
NCAA All Americans Autographs
Crimson Tide Icons (1:12)

Hobby Box Break Summary:  
Get One (1) Alabama Football Legend Autograph per box!  
Two (2) Crimson Tide Icons cards per box!
Every pack has two-three (2-3) inserts, autographs or foil numbered parallels!

Autographs from Alabama Legends like:
Nick Saban
Joe Namath
Ken Stabler
Ozzie Newsome
Shaun Alexander
Bart Starr
Mark Ingram
Trent Richardson
John Hannah
And more!

Collect some of the greatest names ever to represent Alabama Football dating back to the 1920s!
Paul “Bear” Bryant
Dwight Stephenson
Johnny Mack Brown
E.J. Junior
Don Hutson
Gene Stallings
Lee Roy Jordan
Cornelius Bennett
Joe Namath
Derrick Thomas
Bart Starr
Mark Barron
Ken Stabler
Jay Barker
John Hannah
Dwayne Rudd
John Croyle
Shaun Alexander
Sylvester Croom
Brodie Croyle
Ozzie Newsome
Greg McElroy
Mark Ingram
Trent Richardson
Courtney Upshaw
Nick Saban
Julio Jones
And Many More!
, null, We are going to be sharing a lot of new product information today and stories. Then we will finish up today with a weekend giveaway! Stay tuned!!!, The most valuable rookie cards in the best product of the year!  2011 Exquisite Football delivers all the top Rookies with beautiful oversized patch autographs.  Look for all new inserts like Exquisite Masterpieces, Exquisite Dimensions, and Exquisite Twelve Signatures!  Get five (5) Autographs in every box! All images are LIVE SCANS!Regular Set:Regular Cards (60)Exquisite Rookie Signatures (60)Exquisite Rookie Signature Patch Cards (36)Top Inserts:NEW!  UD Black Rookie Lustrous Signatures (#’d to 75 or less)NEW!  Exquisite Twelve Signatures (#’d to 1)NEW!  Exquisite Masterpieces (#’d to 25 or less)Exquisite Rookie Book Marks (#’d to 40)Exquisite Inscriptions (#’d to 10 or less)Configuration:7 cards per pack1 packs per boxProduct Arrival Date: Mid-August, 2012, We will be providing updated images throughout the 2012 National Sports Collectors Convention so if you couldn't make it out, check back to see what's happening. For those of you planning on attending, we look forward to seeing you out at the show. Make sure to check www.upperdeckblog.com for information about special promotions Upper Deck will have for the show., Who won and who lost at baseball's trade deadline last week? We analyze the deals from a collector's perspective. Tell us who you think did the best job improving their team and what players who were traded you are looking to invest in now., The most valuable rookie cards in the best product of the year!  2011 Exquisite Football delivers all the top Rookies with beautiful oversized patch autographs.  Look for all new inserts like Exquisite Masterpieces, Exquisite Dimensions, and Exquisite Twelve Signatures!  Get five (5) Autographs in every box! All images are LIVE SCANS!Regular Set:Regular Cards (60)Exquisite Rookie Signatures (60)Exquisite Rookie Signature Patch Cards (36)Top Inserts:NEW!  UD Black Rookie Lustrous Signatures (#’d to 75 or less)NEW!  Exquisite Twelve Signatures (#’d to 1)NEW!  Exquisite Masterpieces (#’d to 25 or less)Exquisite Rookie Book Marks (#’d to 40)Exquisite Inscriptions (#’d to 10 or less)Configuration:7 cards per pack1 packs per boxProduct Arrival Date: Mid-August, 2012, Be careful when trying to carry on your favorite sports collectibles on a plane. TSA just will not allow you to bring on just any item, no matter how rare it is., 2011-12 NHL Ultimate Collection releases today on 8/7/12!!!

Product Highlights:
The Ultimate Combination:
One Autograph Card, One Rookie Card, One Memorabilia Card in every pack!

Get 1-of-1 NHL Shield Patches!
Grab Rookie versions too!
(NEW) Find 1997 Legends Autos!
Popular insert debuts here!
More Oversized Swatches!
Now including Ultimate Debut Threads Jerseys & Patches!
Collect Ultimate Rookie Patches!
Singles, Duos & Triples!
Look for many more Autographed Ultimate Rookie SP’s!
More than double from last yr!
Find Rookie Card Patch variations!
With 2 levels of numbering!

Pack Break: (on average)
One (1) Autograph Card
One (1) Rookie Card
One (1) Memorabilia Card

Case Break: (on average)
4 or More Patch cards
One (1) Ultimate Autographed Rookie SP
One (1) Autographed Memorabilia Card

Configuration:
4 cards per pack
15 packs per case, We will be providing updated images throughout the 2012 National Sports Collectors Convention so if you couldn't make it out, check back to see what's happening. For those of you planning on attending, we look forward to seeing you out at the show. Make sure to check www.upperdeckblog.com for information about special promotions Upper Deck will have for the show., The most valuable rookie cards in the best product of the year!  2011 Exquisite Football delivers all the top Rookies with beautiful oversized patch autographs.  Look for all new inserts like Exquisite Masterpieces, Exquisite Dimensions, and Exquisite Twelve Signatures!  Get five (5) Autographs in every box! All images are LIVE SCANS!Regular Set:Regular Cards (60)Exquisite Rookie Signatures (60)Exquisite Rookie Signature Patch Cards (36)Top Inserts:NEW!  UD Black Rookie Lustrous Signatures (#’d to 75 or less)NEW!  Exquisite Twelve Signatures (#’d to 1)NEW!  Exquisite Masterpieces (#’d to 25 or less)Exquisite Rookie Book Marks (#’d to 40)Exquisite Inscriptions (#’d to 10 or less)Configuration:7 cards per pack1 packs per boxProduct Arrival Date: Mid-August, 2012, For those who thought it wasn't coming, ask yourself, "Can you really have a NHL season without The Cup?" Collectors can hoist 2011-12 NHL The Cup on September 11, 2012., Collect the best! Congratulations to Alex Morgan on scoring the game winner to beat Canada today 4-3 in extra time of the semi-finals., Thanks to everyone who joined us at the 2012 National Sports Collectors Convention. If you pulled any great autos, please post them to our timeline. It is a travel day for the team so Customer Care will not be available today, but will be back at it tomorrow. Also, look for more pictures from the National soon and details on how you can score some of the sets!!!, Classic collectors rejoice!  All the best of the legendary Fleer inserts are back in this retro set for the die-hard basketball and Fleer fans alike!  Collectors will be clamoring to get Precious Metal Gems and Autographics inserts that feature all the top basketball stars, but now in their college uniforms!Regular Set:Regular Cards (50)Rookie Sensations (33)Top Inserts:Autographics (1996-2000)Precious Metal Gems (#’d to 150 or less)Flair Showcase (# to 150)JambalayaConfiguration:5 cards per pack10 packs per inner box2 inner boxes per main box6 main boxes per caseBreak Summary: (on average)Six (6) Autographs in every box!Each 10-pack inner box has three (3) autos!Four (4) inserts per box (two per inner box) from the following:Precious Metal GemsGolden TouchA Cut AboveNoyz BoyzBig Men on CourtCompetitive AdvantageMetal Championship HardwareIntimidation NationUltra Court MastersUltra StarsFlair ShowcaseJambalayaRookie Sensations fall 1:3Featuring 2011-12 Rookies on the retro 1990-91 Rookie Sensation design!Collect Precious Metal Gems, including an ALL NEW Blue version!Precious Metal Gems Red - #’d to 150Precious Metal Gems Blue - #’d to 50Precious Metal Gems Green - #’d to 10Arrival: September 2012, We will be providing updated images throughout the 2012 National Sports Collectors Convention so if you couldn't make it out, check back to see what's happening. For those of you planning on attending, we look forward to seeing you out at the show. Make sure to check www.upperdeckblog.com for information about special promotions Upper Deck will have for the show., Upper Deck is very proud to work with Cards2Kids. It was a lot of fun having Ben in our booth today to help gather cards from collectors to use with underprivileged kids. Hear what he has to say and make sure you donate to this great cause!, This guy was one of our favorite collectors at the 2012 National Sports Collectors Convention., "Shoeless" Joe is coming back to trading cards. You gotta see this!, Excited for Fleer Retro Basketball? Check this out!, We will be providing updated images throughout the 2012 National Sports Collectors Convention so if you couldn't make it out, check back to see what's happening. For those of you planning on attending, we look forward to seeing you out at the show. Make sure to check www.upperdeckblog.com for information about special promotions Upper Deck will have for the show., null, Upper Deck Authenticated shows off some Tigers Woods championship-worn memorabailia!, It will be fun to see all the Upper Deck breaks today. That's one of the neat things about the National Sports Collectors Convention, you can find almost any Upper Deck box. What UD box would you open if money wasn't an option?, We will be providing updated images throughout the 2012 National Sports Collectors Convention so if you couldn't make it out, check back to see what's happening. For those of you planning on attending, we look forward to seeing you out at the show. Make sure to check www.upperdeckblog.com for information about special promotions Upper Deck will have for the show., Exciting updates on the 2012 National Sports Collectors Convention!!!, Have you ever wondered what it would be like to see a case of The Cup opened for every year the product has been out? You won't have to wait much longer to check it out thanks to Clouts N' Chara., The first lady congratulated Team USA after their first win with hugs. Maybe she regrets that decision... Lots of sweaty athletes!, Check out this early preview of what we believe may be some of the most innovative inserts of the year from 2012 Goodwin Champions!, Here's a video from the Sports Guy from the last time the National Sports Collectors Convention was held in Baltimore. Check it out!, Wondering what the National Sports Collectors Convention is like? Check this out!, Los Angeles Galaxy fans scored free Upper Deck MLS cards and met soccer superstar Landon Donovan last Saturday, check it out!, Heading to the 2012 National? Got outstanding redemptions from UD in stock or that you want exchanged? Today is the last day to register to have them waiting for you at the show to be picked up. Don't miss out: http://upperdeckblog.com/2012/07/upper-deck-planning-to-give-redemptions-a-good-name-at-the-2012-national-sports-collectors-convention/, Check out some tips from a member of the Upper Deck Volunteer Alliance on mastering the market for Upper Deck cards on Ebay:, Congratulations to Ernie Els on winning his 4th major championship today! Look for his autograph cards in 2012 SP Authentic Golf coming to stores everywhere in about a month!, Upper Deck Entertainment descended on Comic-Con 2012 last weekend, check it out!, Lacrosse is a sport on the rise across the United States. Check out just how fast this sport is growing and what Upper Deck is doing to bring the sport to collectors:, Configuration:5 cards per pack20 packs per box16 boxes per caseProduct Arrival Date: August 14, 2012Regular Set:Regular Cards (150)Short Prints (40)Super Short Prints (20)High Series Minis Short Prints (21)Top Inserts:Goodwin Masterpieces (# to 10)Museum Collection RelicsAnimal Kingdom PatchesEntomology CardsIt Came From Outer Space! RelicsBox Break Summary:Get Three (3) from the following per box:Hard Signed AutographsSingle or Dual Swatch Memorabilia CardsAnimal Kingdom Patch Cards 1 of 1 Printing PlatesTen (10) Goodwin Champions Minis per box!Look for rare numbered Magician Back and Presidential Back ParallelsOne (1) World Traveler 5x7 Box Topper per boxEvery pack has either a Mini, a short-print or an insert!Case Break Summary:One (1) of the following: 1888 Originals Masterpiece, It Came From Space! Relic, Museum Collection Civil War Relic or EntomologyFive (5) Animal Kingdom Patch CardsOne (1) Dual-Swatch Memorabilia Short-Print, What penalties should Penn State receive from the NCAA?, Who will end Anderson Silva's incredible run in the octagon or will his unbeaten streak continue until he retires?, We have emailed the winners of the 2012 SP Signature Edition Baseball packs. Check those emails fans and thanks to everyone who participated. We were amazed by the response!, Check out these beauties from a recent Jordan signing!, Upper Deck Entertainment shares some big news at Comic Con!, Just a couple hours left to score your free pack of 2012 SP Signature Edition Baseball. Good luck!, Always wanted to attend the ESPY Awards? Check out what it is like!, Collectors Will Get a ‘Kick’ Out of 2012 Upper Deck Soccer Releasing Today!, Whoops..., We have a Heisman Trophy winner coming in to corporate headquarters tomorrow for a signing session. Any guesses?, These were beautiful, check them out!, Classic collectors rejoice!  All the best of the legendary Fleer inserts are back in this retro set for the die-hard basketball and Fleer fans alike!  Collectors will be clamoring to get Precious Metal Gems and Autographics inserts that feature all the top basketball stars, but now in their college uniforms!Regular Set:Regular Cards (50)Rookie Sensations (33)Top Inserts:Autographics (1996-2000)Precious Metal Gems (#’d to 150 or less)Flair Showcase (# to 150)JambalayaConfiguration:5 cards per pack10 packs per inner box2 inner boxes per main box6 main boxes per caseBreak Summary: (on average)Six (6) Autographs in every box!Each 10-pack inner box has three (3) autos!Four (4) inserts per box (two per inner box) from the following:Precious Metal GemsGolden TouchA Cut AboveNoyz BoyzBig Men on CourtCompetitive AdvantageMetal Championship HardwareIntimidation NationUltra Court MastersUltra StarsFlair ShowcaseJambalayaRookie Sensations fall 1:3Featuring 2011-12 Rookies on the retro 1990-91 Rookie Sensation design!Collect Precious Metal Gems, including an ALL NEW Blue version!Precious Metal Gems Red - #’d to 150Precious Metal Gems Blue - #’d to 50Precious Metal Gems Green - #’d to 10Arrival: September 2012, Weird day in sports. Today is one of the very rare days where there are no professional games. We do have the ESPY Awards tonight however. We'll never get another moment like this most likely, but will you be watching?, Twelve packs up for grabs!!! Who is going to score them??? Good luck!, If you are planning on attending the 2012 National Sports Collectors Convention in Baltimore you need to see this! Two big announcements for the show!, We have two BIG announcements today. One is regarding two special redemption programs we will have at the 2012 National Sports Collectors Convention and the other is a HUGE MLB giveaway. Stay tuned!!!, Check out what went down at the Mike Tyson signing last week!, Nice story about UD helping a young collector who lost his collection., If you are a lacrosse fan, these are for you!, A nice read about the hobby!, Congratulations to Moe Smith for winning the 2012 SPx Football contest on the Upper Deck Blog! Check out the blog to see his winning comment, other comments from fans about UD and innovation, and view the cards Moe has won from Gregg and Brandon's 2012 SPx box break. Thanks to everyone who posted!
http://upperdeckblog.com/2012/07/upper-deck-continues-to-innovate-with-new-spx-football-shadowbox-slots-cards/, Find out more about how Upper Deck continues to innovate with 2012 SPx Football and get your chance to score all the cards we opened from a box!, We've had a lot of questions about these SPx Shadowbox Slots cards. Check this out!, 2012 SP Signature Edition Baseball releases today loaded with autographs from Hall-of-Famers and current stars!, Are you a sports card fan that has always wondered what entertainment cards are all about. Check this out!, 2012 Goodwin Champions will have part of this meteorite in the "It Came From Space" insert set. This is your chance to own some of the oldest minerals in the solar system at 4.5 billion years old. Pretty cool!, Interest in LeBron James collectibles is on the rise since he won his first championship. Check this out!, Check this out!, Check out this great experience a member of the UD team had with the "Keeper of the Cup.", We can't be positive, but we are pretty sure this is the first pack of hockey cards Nail Yakupov has opened. See how he did!, Heading to the 2012 National Sports Collectors Convention? Check out the details of Upper Deck's wrapper redemption program!, Looking for the best autograph cards from some of the greatest athletes on the planet? You better get to the 2012 National Sports Collectors Convention!!!, Are you a VIP for the National Sports Collectors Convention? If so you'll be scoring this six-card set from UD!, Get used to Sidney Crosby in a Penguins uniform. Looks like the extended his deal for another 12 years!, What's it like you win an Upper Deck contest? As Sal Cerilli shares, it is pretty awesome!, Looking to purchase some older Upper Deck wax, but worried about expired redemptions? Check out the list of products set to expire between now and the end of the year!, Check out who will be in the Class of 2012 for the Hockey Hall-of-Fame! Got any of these cards???, Check out all the ways we worked to engage young collectors at the 2012 NHL Draft. Kids really are the future of this hobby!, How did the Flyers fan sneak in here??? Thanks to all the fans who stopped in to visit with us at the 2012 NHL Draft in Pittsburgh, it was a great time!, Are you breaking 2012 SPx Football Today? If you are, show off what you get on our Timeline!, By the end of today, we may officially have a four team playoff for the National Championship in college football. Do you think this will solve all the controversy or make more controversy?, Check out these images from one of the most anticipated basketball releases of the year!, One of the most frequent questions we hear is, "What are my sports cards worth?" What techniques do you use to determine the value of your sports cards when you are curious about their values?, What year Upper Deck Baseball cards did you love to collect the most?, What do you think, should we use some of these images on trading cards for the 2012-13 season?, In a surprise move, with the 18th overall pick in the 2012 NHL Draft, the Chicago Blackhawks select Upper Deck out of Carlsbad, CA., Funny Clip..., How cool is this???, These guys were our favorite breakers down under. We miss the guys from Box Breakers Anonymous., It's kind of fun to watch collectors down under open UD/Fleer products. Check this out., Your world champion Miami Heat collectibles are available now!, Here you go Thunder fans! Check out these unique and awesome collectibles for your Oklahoma City Thunder!!!, We've updated our release calendar with a final date for SPx Football, SP Authentic Hockey and more. Check out the About section of this page to check it out!, RIP LeRoy Neiman!, Check out Upper Deck's NHL Draft Runner on Cardboard Connection Radio last night:, Cute story here and nice to see an athlete respond like this. If you could have broken your piggy bank to keep one of your favorite players on your team, who would it have been?, Check out a sneak peek of Norris Cole's signed rookie card from Fleer Retro and other great Miami Heat collectibles!, Do you believe in "The Stanley Cup Playoff Effect?" There's no disputing that a solid playoff campaign causes values to spike., Is R.A. Dickey the best pitcher in baseball right now?, Sometimes athletes preview cards for us... Check this one out Sabres fans!, With people like this involved in the hobby, it can never die. Check out this GREAT story about helping out a young collector and please share with others., Have you ever been so mad at an athlete you ruined their cards? This collector has..., Check out what we have going on in Pittsburgh this weekend for the 2012 NHL Draft! Don't miss it puck fans!, Kelly Slater is still getting it done. Look for Kelly Slater trading cards in upcoming Upper Deck products like All-Time Greats and Goodwin Champions., Did this hockey mom go too far?, Let's see some of your favorite LaDainian Tomlinson Upper Deck or Fleer cards!, It will be interesting to see what effect this has on his trading cards. They have already taken a big hit., And one last one for now. Take a look at what a NJ Devil's fan's co-workers did when he went on vacation during the Stanley Cup Final..., Another funny story., Funny story..., If you live in Chicago and are a collector, you do not want to miss this great event!, Have a great Father's Day weekend fans! Special thanks to all the dads who collect with their kids!!!, Congratulations to Eric Kageyama on being names Upper Deck's "Father of the Year" for 2012!, null, We will be announcing the winner of Upper Deck's Father of the Year promotion tomorrow. Thanks to all the dads who participated in the promotion! We can't tell you how much we appreciate you taking the time to share this hobby with your kids. You are providing them with memories they will treasure forever!!!, Great story about Upper Deck's 2012 NHL Draft Runner! Congrats Sal and thank you to everyone who submitted an essay for this promotion!, Check out this cool video taking you behind the scenes at a Tiger Woods signing where he recounts his 2008 US Open victory., The Stanley Cup Champion Los Angeles Kings appear on the Jimmy Kimmel Live show last night. Take a look at what went down., Good to see shops that still work to engage younger collectors!, Strange interview with David Stern and Jim Rome today..., Collectors can get their first taste of 2011-12 NHL SP Authentic next week with some rare promo cards that will be distributed in Montreal., Based on their play in the 2012 NHL Stanley Cup Playoffs are there new players you are looking to collect? Any players you will probably dump because they didn't come through?, Congratulations to the Los Angeles Kings on winning the Stanley Cup! Where do you think Dustin Brown and Jonathan Quick will spend their "Day with the Cup?" Find out in 2012-13 NHL Upper Deck!!!, Do not miss the NHL Stanley Cup Playoffs tonight!!! Who do you think will take it?, UD's popular "Ask UD" feature returns with our new Customer Care Supervisor providing some great content. Check it out!, Like this post if you are a dad who asked for Upper Deck cards for Father's Day., We love hearing stories of fans who collect overseas. It is very difficult to get product across the Atlantic, but for some customers like Thomas here, they prove that nothing is impossible. Take a look at his amazing collection of Kobe Bryant cards!, If you are in PA and love hockey, you'll want to check this out. This is your last weekend to participate in UD's Draft Runner Promotion!, Based on their win last night, we thought this would be a cool story to share again., Here's a card you've never seen before!, The fat lady has not sung for the New Jersey Devils thanks primarily to Martin Brodeur. Check out some cool items Brodeur collectors shared with us!, Been enjoying UD's new Legends Football product with hard-signed autos on the classic design and previously unannounced buybacks from the original set? Well here's another reason to enjoy it! Check out the SP list!, Haven't submitted your Father of the Year entry yet? Get them in fans!!! Show dad some love!!!, What celebrities shined in Los Angeles last night for Game 3 of the Stanley Cup Final? Check it out!, Check out what happened at Staples last night for Game 3 of the Stanley Cup Final!, We are looking for a BIG Martin Brodeur collector to feature on Upper Deck's blog. If you think you've got a great collection of Marty cards, shoot us an email at UpperDeckMarketing@upperdeck.com with some images of your collection., Get prospecting with Upper Deck's Team USA Football set!, Have you ever sold part or all of your collection off to pay for something and found out you should have kept what you had? Check out this story!, Congratulations to Tiger Woods on another big win! He's now tied for second in all-time PGA tour wins., null, Check out this video by one of our Volunteer Alliance members on the UD Father of the Year promotion! Make sure to get your entries in soon!, Funny video about Kings bandwagon fans in Orange County., Check out this sweet redemption card heading out the door!, We're looking for one good dad to be named Upper Deck's "Father of the Year." Check out this FREE promotion in honor of Father's Day!, Do you think you've got what it takes to be Upper Deck's Father of the Year? Stay tuned for details on this FREE promotion. You could take home SIX BOXES of new UD product and more!!!, Upper Deck packs can be tough to open sometimes. Just ask Taylor Hall for the Edmonton Oilers who used his cell phone to crack a pack. What's the strangest thing you've used to open a tough UD pack?, Roger Clemens, Barry Bonds and Sammy Sosa are up for Baseball's next Hall-of-Fame Vote. Who do you think gets in?, If you are a real Los Angeles Kings fan (or even a bandwagon fan) you will want to check this out. There's even a giveaway at the end!, Thanks again to members of the military this Memorial Day weekend. This one is for you!, We're looking for one good kid in the Pittsburgh area to be the 2012 Upper Deck NHL Draft Runner. Will it be you!?!?, This Memorial Day Weekend, Upper Deck would like to let all the men and women who have served to protect and defend our nation know that we appreciate their sacrifices. Thank you all for your service!, UD is looking for a kid who is a hockey fanatic to help out the NHL at the Draft in Pittsburgh next month. Stay tuned for details on how you or how the young hockey fan in your life can become the next Upper Deck NHL Draft Runner!!!, Which character from a sports movie do you think most deserves a trading card?, If you are a Los Angeles Kings fan, which Upper Deck cards do you absolutely have to have in your collection?, Can a kid in high school own a hobby shop of their own? This kid did and 25 years later he is still going strong. Help him celebrate and score some cool prizes including items from Upper Deck!, As we enter the summer driving season, we feel inclined to share this reminder, don't bust packs while driving!, Upper Deck College Football Legends arrives in stores today and there are some surprises including some special buybacks. The buyback autographs are incremental hits! Check this out and show us what you get when you break your boxes!, Do you listen to music while sorting your Upper Deck cards? What type of music helps you collate your collection the best?, Enjoy a first look at some of the 2011 Upper Deck Exquisite Football cards we recently received in. Look for more previews on this product in the future!, Any fans working on putting together the 2012 Upper Deck Football College Mascot patch cards? If so, you'll definitely want to check this out!, Love the Winnipeg Jets? You've got to check out Superstars Sports Collectibles!, Any of our fans had the chance to check out The Avengers? Did you know UD made trading cards for the film? If you are a fan, check this out and you could score three artist drawn sketch cards featuring characters from The Avengers!, Break Summary:
(on average) Five (5) Hits in every box!

Including: At least one (1) autographed card! At least one (1) multi-swatch or Premium Series game-used card!

Break Highlights:
MLS Throwbacks (New)
UD Update Set Redemptions (New)
Super Draft Signatures
National Pride Memorabilia Cards
Teammate Memorabilia Cards

Product Arrival Date: 
June 2012

Configuration:
12 cards per pack
20 packs per box
12 boxes per case

Regular Set:
Regular Cards (165)
MLS Debuts (15)
MLS Super Draft (20)
, Configuration:4 cards per pack 1 packs per box 6 boxes per case (two 3-box inners)Regular Set: Regular Cards (100)Top Inserts:Personal Touch Signatures (Varied #)Lettermen Signatures (Varied #)Athletes of the Century (Varied #)All-Time Forces Hologram Signatures (Varied #)Shining Moments Signatures (Varied #)Summary: Every tin will contain 3 base cards and 1 Auto!The entire product is composed of 20 select superstars to ensure premium value!All Autographs are hard-signed!Look for Legacy Book Cards featuring a living legend paired with a cut signature! Mike Tyson/Joe Frazier Tiger Woods/Ben Hogan Barry Sanders/Red Grange Wayne Gretzky/Maurice Richard Jerry Rice/Walter Payton And more!Collect All-Time Forces Hologram cards including Dual Signatures! Look for incredible pairings like: Michael Jordan/Tiger Woods Landon Donovan/Kelly Slater Wayne Gretzky/Mario Lemieux Mike Tyson/Bo Jackson LeBron James/Larry Bird And more!Checklist: Michael Jordan, Tiger Woods, Bobby Orr, Dan Marino, Jerry Rice, Annika Sorenstam, Landon Donovan, Larry Bird, LeBron James, Barry Sanders, Richard Petty, Kelly Slater, Joe Sakic, Wayne Gretzky, Bo Jackson, Mario Lemieux, Pete Rose, Hulk Hogan, Mike Tyson and Troy Aikman. Coming December 2012!, How about another giveaway fans??? Up for grabs is a box of 2011-12 NHL SPx. Just come of with the most creative birthday wish for Carolina Hurricanes star player Jeff Skinner!, Check out these Stanley Cup replicas including one made entirely of Upper Deck NHL cards., Our friends at Attack of the Baseball cards are having a 30th Anniversary Celebration this weekend. If you are in New Jersey, you'll want to reach out to them and be a part of it!, Which player(s) do you think Upper Deck should make a card of or make more cards of? Who isn't getting enough respect? Sound off!, Congratulations to Boyd Zacher and Derek Frank on being selected to receive a random Priority Signings card from the Cinco de Mayo promotion. Thanks to everyone who participated and look for more giveaways soon!, Hulk Hogan will be coming to two UD multi-sport releases this summer. Take a look at his first UD cards!!!, Check out some of the remarkable Priority Signings autograph cards collectors scored last weekend!, Short print information is revealed for 2011-12 NHL SPx. Did you pull any of the sp's???, Here's your next chance to score some FREE Priority Signings cards. Check this out!!!, This just in... UD Shares short print info on 2012 Upper Deck Football autographs and Tebow inserts!, Check out this great story about our friends Cards 2 Kids! Give your unwanted cards to this awesome charity!, We have a history professor coming in this morning to take a look at some of the Civil War items we will be using in 2012 Goodwin Champions. He will be writing a blog for UD on what he thinks about these amazing items. Stay tuned!!!, Congratulations to Jay, Kawai and Jerry for being selected to receive a Priority Signings card for the kid marketing giveaway. We got a lot of great ideas and we appreciate all the fans taking some time to share. Look for more giveaways for Priority Signings cards this week!, Take a look at some of the amazing UD cards we saw this weekend at the Sports Cards & Collectibles Expo in Toronto!, Do you think this is a $10,000 card? If not, what do you think it is worth?, Are you a mother who loves collecting Upper Deck cards? Tell us a little bit about yourself by emailing UpperDeckMarketing@upperdeck.com. We may feature you on the UD Blog!, Read this story for your chance to score a FREE Priority Signings autograph card from the Spring Expo that took place this last weekend. Share your response on the blog!, null, Thanks to all the fans who came out to the Sports Cards & Collectibles Expo this weekend, it was a lot of fun spending time with you! Look for a full recap on the blog this week with updates from the show including Cinco de Mayo Saturday and a pack break with a very excitable wrestler! And stay tuned for your chance to score a Priority Signings autograph of your very own!!!, With the Sports Cards & Collectibles Expo starting today, we wanted to share some great tips from members of the UD Volunteer Alliance on how to make the most of a show. Enjoy!, What 2012 football rookies are you going to be collecting? Here are some of our favorites, share your own!, We were very saddened to hear about the passing of Junior Seau today. He was always a pleasure to work with. RIP Junior., null, Thanks to all the guests we had out at C&C for the Red Kelly/Johnny Bower appearance. Fans who attended can download their picture here from Facebook or email us at UpperDeckMarketing@upperdeck.com fora copy., Help out a great charity this weekend for your chance to score a great card!!!, Have you pulled one of the College Mascot patch cards and are wondering how rare they care? Check this out!, Looking for the best cards of Bryce Harper? Upper Deck delivers..., Thanks to all our fans who took the time to participate in our "Favorite Upper Deck NHL Card Giveaway" this weekend. Take a look at some of our favorites! Thanks again to everyone who participated!, Want to see a cool baseball card???, Fans seem to be loving the new College Mascots patch cards in 2012 Upper Deck Football. Check out this card gallery and look for short print information this week!, Adam Henrique made quite a splash helping the New Jersey Devils advance to the second round. Here's your chance to own an Upper Deck Authenticated signed puck from Henrique.

You have until Monday at 12:00 p.m. Pacific time to post an image to our wall of you with your favorite Upper Deck NHL card sharing 2-3 sentences of what you love most about it. We'll select our favorite on Monday to receive the puck!

Grab those cards, get that camera/camera phone and start posting!!!, Any hockey fans in the mood for a giveaway? Stay tuned!!!, Looking at opening a trading card shop of your own? You're going to want to stock supplies. Check out more on that here!, Don't miss all the details, final schedule and checklist information for all the activities UD has planned around the 2012 Spring Sports Cards & Collectibles Expo next weekend!, Who will the next big stars be for the 2012 Football season? Check this out!, Ever wonder what Upper Deck rookie cards could say if they could talk? Wonder no more, check out this new UD video featuring Brett Connolly of the Tampa Bay Lightning!, With the exception of the "Trade Upper Deck" exchange cards, all autograph content is LIVE in 2012 Upper Deck Football. There are no redemptions besides the special "Trade Upper Deck" exchange cards which are very limited at that. This includes hard-signed Ultimate Collection and Letterman cards!, null, 2011 Upper Deck USA Football Set
CONTENT HIGHLIGHTS: (All content listed is an average based on the entire production run)
Collect the first cards ever produced for future college and professional football superstars!
Get one (1) autograph inside every box!
Get two (2) game-used memorabilia cards inside every box!
Every box set contains all 45 USA Football team members!
The USA Football team represents the United States in competitions conducted by the International Federation of American Football (IFAF), composed of 62 countries spanning six continents.

Checklist: Jabriel Washington, Ty Montgomery, George Atkinson, Aaron Green, Hakeem Flowers, Tacoi Sumler, Kevin Hogan, Conner Floyd, Manoa Pikula, Josh Turner, Tyler Wright, Ronald Tanner, Savon Huggins, Joe Bergeron, Kenny Williams, Devon Cajuste, Josh Atkinson, Graham Stewart, Nick Lifka, Anthony Rabasa, Michael Bennett, Jarrett Hudson, Chris Merlene, Kiaro Holts, Hunter Goodwin, Jamelle Naff, Jaxon Shipley, Jack Konopka, Kris Harley, Avery Walls, Cody Keith, Matt Freeman, Stephon Tuitt, Kiehl Frazier, Kellen Jones, Jesse Hayes, Matt Hegarty, Taniela Tupou, Anthony Sarao, Ryan Simmons, Wayne Lyons, Kevin McReynolds, Bobby Thompson, Matt Wofford, Will Monday

PRODUCT BREAKDOWN:
Autographed Cards: (1 per box!)
USA Football Base Cards Auto Parallel
USA Football Future Swatch Auto Parallel (numbered to 5)
USA Football Future Swatch Patch Auto Parallel (numbered to 2)
Memorabilia Cards: (2 per box!)
USA Football Future Swatch
USA Football Future Swatch Patch Parallel Base Set:
Regular Cards - 45, Upper Deck Football returns as your source for all the top rookies!Configuration: 6 cards per pack 20 packs per box 12 boxes per caseBase Set: 197 Rookies, 50 RetiredArrival: 4/24/12Break Summary:Two (2) Star Rookies per pack!Three (3) autographs in every box!Rookie Lettermen Signatures (Hard-Signed!)Ultimate Collection Rookie Sigs (Hard-Signed!)Star Rookies Autos1993 SP Football AutosTwo (2) Ultimate Collection Rookies per box (#’d to 450)Four (4) 1993 SP Football cards per box!Two (2) rare parallels numbered to 10 or less per case!Four (4) College Mascot Patches per case! Collect the complete 60-card set with different levels of rarity!Collect Ultimate Collection Rookie Cards! Assemble the 60-card Ultimate Collection Rookie Checklist with cards #’d to 450 or less! Look for hard-signed autographs from 21 of the top 2012 Rookies!Star Rookies Stripes are back with a bigger twist! Up to 200 different 1-of-1 Star Rookie Stripes can be redeemed for 15 AUTOGRAPHED copies of the featured player!, Remember the silver version of the "Trade Upper Deck" card is good for a 1st rd rookie quarterback card while the gold version is good for a signed version of that card., Check out these beauties and look for signed versions as well in 2012 UD Football!, Football Season Officially Begins as 2012 Upper Deck Football Releases This Week!, The surprise hit of 2012 Upper Deck Football seems to be the College Mascots patch cards. Check them out!, 2012 Upper Deck Football releases TODAY in time for the Draft this weekend! Show off your hits on our wall!, Anyone remember these cards??? Look for something similar in tomorrow's release of 2012 Upper Deck Football!, If you are planning on going on vacation in Mexico in the near future, don't forget to bring some of these!, Looks like there have been some monster hits so far in 2011-12 NHL SP Game-Used. Have you been lucky enough to pull anything unique like these cards yet???, Upper Deck announces a new case-breaker promotion for the 2012 Spring Sports Card & Collectibles Expo in Toronto., Look what we just got completed... We will begin packaging these up and they should be out this month. The unsigned versions should be completed next week. Both signed an unsigned 2011-12 NHL Artifacts cards will begin shipping this month. The entire process will take a few weeks to complete as there are several thousand cards, but we are in the final period here fans (and there are no plans to go to OT)!!!, Configuration:5 cards per pack20 packs per box16 boxes per caseProduct Arrival Date: August 14, 2012Regular Set:Regular Cards (150)Short Prints (40)Super Short Prints (20)High Series Minis Short Prints (21)Top Inserts:Goodwin Masterpieces (# to 10)Museum Collection RelicsAnimal Kingdom PatchesEntomology CardsIt Came From Outer Space! RelicsBox Break Summary:Get Three (3) from the following per box:Hard Signed AutographsSingle or Dual Swatch Memorabilia CardsAnimal Kingdom Patch Cards 1 of 1 Printing PlatesTen (10) Goodwin Champions Minis per box!Look for rare numbered Magician Back and Presidential Back ParallelsOne (1) World Traveler 5x7 Box Topper per boxEvery pack has either a Mini, a short-print or an insert!Case Break Summary:One (1) of the following: 1888 Originals Masterpiece, It Came From Space! Relic, Museum Collection Civil War Relic or EntomologyFive (5) Animal Kingdom Patch CardsOne (1) Dual-Swatch Memorabilia Short-Print, 2012 SP Authentic Golf

Product Highlights:
Get 3 Autograph Cards per box!
At least 1 Authentic Rookie!
Find a Plethora of Limited Autograph/Memorabilia Cards!
Auto & Swatch variations!
Rookie Auto & Swatch variations!
Parade of Stars Auto variations
SP Chirography in 2 Levels!
Numbered to 50 & 25!
First release since ’05 (new RC’s)!
More cards of top Rookies!
Find Rookie Chirography!
Includes two great tiers!
Collect Parade of Stars!
Find subset cards plus … Stellar Autograph variations!

Box Break: (on average)
Three (3) Signature Cards
Of those three: One (1) Autographed Authentic Rookies
Eight (8) Rookie Extended Series

Case Break: (on average)
1-2 Limited Signature/Memorabilia hits
Including Auto & Swatch variations
One (1) Sign of the Times Dual
Red Foil Parallels – at least 4 in 5 cases
Notable Names to Look For:
Tiger Woods
Dustin Johnson
Jack Nicklaus
Ernie Els
Arnold Palmer
Byron Nelson
Fred Couples
Annika Sorenstam
Payne Stewart
Paula Creamer
Gary Player
Nick Faldo
Bubba Watson
Johnny Miller
Anthony Kim
Sergio Garcia
Natalie Gulbis
Raymond Floyd
Tom Lehman
Curtis Strange
Morgan Pressel
Se Ri Pak
David Duval

Configuration:
4 cards per pack
20 packs per box
Arrival Date: July 2012, Live in North Carolina? Check out the 2012 Jordan Brand Classic for FREE courtesy of UD and All Things Collectible. Can't attend yourself? Well make sure to share with your friends who can, should be a lot of fun!, A couple reminders for fans of our page. You can find all the updated release dates on the "About" section of our page. You will also find our Conduct Guide for our page there as well. Remember, posts that are solicitations to your eBay auctions, group breaks, etc. will be removed from the page., Only Upper Deck can bring you Masters Champion Bubba Watson! Check out his rookie cards in 2012 SP Authentic Golf releasing this summer!, Pretty impressive collection to say the least!, null, 100 years ago today the ill-fated Titanic set sail from Southampton. Upper Deck commemorated the loss of this great ship and many of the passengers with a special memorabilia card in 2009 Goodwin Champions. It features actual coal from the Titanic recovered during missions down to the wreckage. Any collectors lucky enough to have this card in your collection?, null, It's playoff time in the NHL. When it is all said and done, which team do you think we will be producing the "Day with the Cup" set for in 2012-13 Upper Deck Hockey?, Less than a month until the 2012 Sports Cards & Collectibles Expo in Toronto. In case you missed it, here's some of what UD has planned for the show!, Once you have opened a trading card shop, it is important to figure out how you will sell your singles. We look at the most common ways shops have success with singles here!, What's your favorite Bubba Watson card???, Upper Deck is closed today for Good Friday. In our quest to be the best however, we would love to see some UD cards you think are "good," but could be better. Show them off on our wall here with your thoughts on how we could improve them., null, null, Some of our Facebook fans share why The Masters is so special. Check it out!, Would you rather be awarded; the green jacket for winning The Masters or the yellow jacket for being inducted into the NFL Hall-of-Fame?, Upper Deck Football returns as your source for all the top rookies!Configuration: 6 cards per pack 20 packs per box 12 boxes per caseBase Set: 197 Rookies, 50 RetiredArrival: 4/24/12Break Summary:Two (2) Star Rookies per pack!Three (3) autographs in every box!Rookie Lettermen Signatures (Hard-Signed!)Ultimate Collection Rookie Sigs (Hard-Signed!)Star Rookies Autos1993 SP Football AutosTwo (2) Ultimate Collection Rookies per box (#’d to 450)Four (4) 1993 SP Football cards per box!Two (2) rare parallels numbered to 10 or less per case!Four (4) College Mascot Patches per case! Collect the complete 60-card set with different levels of rarity!Collect Ultimate Collection Rookie Cards! Assemble the 60-card Ultimate Collection Rookie Checklist with cards #’d to 450 or less! Look for hard-signed autographs from 21 of the top 2012 Rookies!Star Rookies Stripes are back with a bigger twist! Up to 200 different 1-of-1 Star Rookie Stripes can be redeemed for 15 AUTOGRAPHED copies of the featured player!, SPx Football makes its collegiate debut delivering the highly collectible, valuable and innovative content that card enthusiasts have come to know and love with the brand!

Regular Set:
Regular Cards (50)
SPx Rookie Auto Jerseys (35)
#’d to 399 or less
SPx Rookies (60)
#’d to 750
SPx Rookie Signatures (60) 
#’d to 225
Top Inserts:
Winning Big Materials - #’d to 199
SPx Shadow Box
SPx Shadow Slots – NEW!
SPx Finite Rookies - #’d to 499 or less

Break Summary:  (on average)
Four (4) Autographs or Memorabilia cards per box!
Includes at least one (1) SPx Rookie Auto Jersey
Includes at least one (1) single, dual, triple, quad, or patch Memorabilia card!
Two (2) SPx Finite Rookies per box!
One (1) SPx Shadow Box card per case!
NEW!  Look for SPx Shadow Slot acetate cards falling three (3) per box

Configuration:
4 cards per pack
18 packs per box

Product Arrival Date: June 2012, Always wondered what it would take to open up a hobby shop of your own? Check this out!, The thing that makes The Masters golf tournament so special is _______________________., Upper Deck's 2012 SP Authentic Golf set will include the first signed trading cards of defending Masters champion Charl Schwartzel. If he wins this week, will he have to hand the green jacket to himself? :), Which players from the 2012 NCAA college basketball tournament will go on to have the biggest impact in the hobby?, Alright basketball fans, will it be Kansas or Kentucky who takes it all tonight???, Check out a sneak peek of a couple new 2012 Goodwin Champions cards!, What do you think this card will end up going for?, Come out and see us at Bracket Town in New Orleans this weekend!, WOW!!!, We think our friend Magic Johnson will make an "Exquisite" owner for the Los Angeles Dodgers. Congrats Magic! How do you think Magic will do as an owner for the Dodgers?, Missed out on the Gale Sayers giveaway we did this week? Dave & Adam's Cardworld is giving one away as well., null, Is Armen Keteyian's story true about the trading card industry? Here's what UD's Chris Carlin thinks., Did anyone catch ABC's new show "Ball Boys" which takes place in an actual hobby shop this weekend?, Always dreamed of opening a trading card shop of your own, but didn't know how? Take a look at this!, Funny story about Shane Loux's Twitter avatar., LeBron loves the troops!, Nice job LeBron!, Upper Deck will fulfill redemptions for customers in person at the 2012 Spring Sports Cards & Collectibles Expo. It's time to up the level of service we provide our customers. Also, Priority Signings signature cards return! We are looking forward to seeing you all out there!, Also, don't miss your chance to score this Gale Sayers autograph card!, Reminder, get us your information by tomorrow to score some exclusive UD content for your site or blog!, Upper Deck Signs ‘Iron’ Mike Tyson to Trading Card and Memorabilia Deal, What an impressive performance by Tiger Woods this week at Bay Hill. Do you think he can win at Augusta?, Tiger is looking great today. Show off some of your favorite Upper Deck Tiger Woods cards on our wall here as we cheer Tiger on to victory., null, Don't forget about the "Save Jay's" event tomorrow!!!, Crazy hit on Blake Griffin last night. What type of suspension should Jason Smith get?, Must read info for any fans who run a sports blog, manage an online community or work with a publication., Did an Upper Deck trading card predict Peyton's move to the Broncos? Check this out!, He may no longer be a Bronco, but he will always be a Gator! Check on an exclusive interview with Tim Tebow about his college days at Florida: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lte1z2C5Unw, Most fans love to stay in the loop on what is going on in our industry on Twitter. Make sure to follow @UpperDeckSports to see what we are up to. Who do you think are some of the most influential people to follow on Twitter for our industry???, The "Save Jay's" event takes place this weekend, don't miss it!!!, UD staff are in Las Vegas this week for the 2012 Industry Summit. Wondering what goes on at the event? Take a look at what happened last year and look for a recap from this event later on this week., Fast Break: The act of opening up a pack so fast searching for inserts you can't name one player you pulled from the pack. Are you a fast breaker???, Happy St. Patrick's Day fans! Let's see your favorite green team cards. Celtics, A's, Stars, Packers, etc! Show them off on our wall!!!, Fans, we need your help!!! This is not for us, but for a really great retailer trying to keep his dream of owning a sports card shop alive. We are helping out with a special event for him next week, but we need your help to show up and/or help get the word out. Save Jay's!!!, Technical Foul: When you purchase sports cards or memorabilia online, get the package and it is much different than the way it was described online. Every happen to you???, This time we caught up with Daryl McKay of Sports Images to learn more about how to open up a trading card shop and why you should look at carrying memorabilia and other collectibles outside of just trading cards., Flagrant Foul: A term used to describe a situation where you were totally going to buy a pack or box and someone beats you to it. They in turn pull something amazing from the pack or box. When is the last time someone had a "flagrant foul" against you?, Free Throw: The act of tossing a decoy card into the trash after pulling it. What do you do with yor decoys?, What are some of the "weird" cards you can expect from 2012 Goodwin Champions? See for yourself!, Congratulations to Cards2Kids for receiving 1,000,000 cards that will be donated to kids! Find out how collectors and hobby shop owners can help this very worthwhile charity!, Buzzer Beater: A term used to describe the thrill of pulling a great card or cards from the last pack in an otherwise uneventful box. Have you had a "buzzer beater" lately???, Learn about signage for your store and much more in this interview with Roger Barry of Magazine Exchange!, March Madness has begun! How will you be spending the next few days watching the tournament???, Another good read. Check out this story about collecting in 1989. Anyone else remember searching to get those 89 Baseball packs?!?!?!, New information on how to open a trading card shop of your own and most importantly, how to create that business plan!, Your chance to score a Robert Griffin III autographed helmet from our friends at Pittsburgh Sports, check it out!, Check out this great story from a collector/former shop owner on his experience with the hobby through the years. Really a good read!, Do any of your local hobby shops have a bid board? If so, do you prefer buying and selling cards on there over eBay or trading online?, null, Do you insure your collectibles? If so, do you have any tips to provide fans on the best way to make sure you are covered in the event of a loss?, In an effort to continue to push the envelope and innovate, we are pleased to present some of the very unique content in 2012 Goodwin Champions!, Here is more information on how to open a trading card shop with Wayne Wagner of Wayne's Sportscards in Edmonton, Eddie Doria of Red Nails to in Toronto and Mark Shaunessy of Upper Deck. Also get your second sneak peek at the Upper Deck Las Vegas Industry Summit cards!, Wow, this is the first complete set we have seen!, He may no longer be a member of the Colts, but he will always be a Volunteer! Good luck Peyton!!!, Let's see some of your pulls from 2011-12 NHL Upper Deck Series Two! Show them off on our wall!, Have you always thought about opening a trading card shop, but never knew what it took to make a go of it? Listen to some advice from two successful shops and check out some of the cards available to Certified Diamond Dealers attending the Las Vegas Industry Summit this month!, null, Upper Deck Takes a Bite Out of the ‘World of Politics’ on Super Tuesday, null, 2011-12 NHL Upper Deck Series Two releases tomorrow with ZERO redemptions. All autograph content will be live in packs. We released the checklist to some key media contacts and communities today and it should be live tomorrow for collectors. Should be a fun break! Look for more information on this product tomorrow!!!, The first Colston 9/11 Tribute patch card that we have seen was pulled this week. Have any fans seen any of the other three yet???, We love stories about collectors putting together difficult sets. Congratulations to Quincy Tan on putting together the Signature Collection NBA set from UD!, Upper Deck’s ‘World of Sport’ Returns With Top Stars from All Sports and ‘Evolution’ Video Cards, Check out how LeBron's performance on the court can help you save $$$ for the month of March!, Have you ever thought about owning your own trading card shop? Over the next few weeks we will be sharing some posts from industry insiders about how you can make your dream of opening a trading card shop a reality. Take a look!, If you are in Wisconsin, you've got to make it to Sports Dome this Sunday to see the Collection of the Decade! If you make it out, take pictures and share them on our wall!!! It should be an awesome event!, Why is it the best cards always seem to come in the last pack. Check out 5:44 in this break for more proof. Do you have any stories about finding or seeing someone find a great UD card in the last pack? Never leave a pack behind!!!, Fifty years ago Wilt Chamberlain scored 100 points in a game, but is he the greatest of all-time? Here's four amazing basketball stars, how would you rank them?, Is this an epic fail by Devin Setoguchi or did Carey Price just get in his head?, null, More and more autographs are coming in for 2011-12 NHL SP Game-Used and we got in some long overdue redemptions from last years product. Take a look!, This is an actual autograph card from the set we have received in., Last chance to score on this Leap Day promo to get cash back!, null, Check out the new Cards 2 Kids Website and donate your cards today!, What do 100 Sidney Crosby autograph patch cards look like? Glad you asked..., We had a pretty amazing mail day here at Upper Deck headquarters that our hockey fans are going to love checking out. Take a look at all the awesome cards that arrived today: http://bit.ly/zF1Bk3 Who says Monday's suck?, Any NASCAR fans out there??? With the Daytona 500 scheduled for tonight under the lights, we'd love to see some of your older Upper Deck racing cards. We produced them for quite a few years for brands like Upper Deck, SP Authentic and Maxx. Post any images that you may have to our wall here!, null, null, You asked for it fans, here it is, the short print list for 2011 SP Authentic Football!, Upper Deck McDonald's NHL cards return to Canada, well, kind of..., There are a lot of great surprises in UD's new World of Sports set like unannounced autograph signers, variation cards and Evolution cards. Have you pulled any yet? Show them off on our wall here! P.S. One thing you will not pull are redemptions. All autographs are live in packs., Make sure you are following @UpperDeckSports on Twitter for updates from our 2012 Hobby Summit in Carlsbad, CA., Important Update: As part of our continuing effort to reduce autograph redemptions in new products, Upper Deck's new World of Sports set is releasing with all live autograph content available in pack! That's right, it is 100% redemption free!, null, Looking for a great hobby shop in Wisconsin? You've got to visit Sports Dome, and make sure you stop by on March 4 for the rare card exhibit. You will be blown away by the cards you see there!, Are you ready for some football? We recently had Jarrett Lee of LSU in to bust some packs and talk about what it is like to see himself on an Upper Deck trading card. Take a look!, We wanted to share this story one more time in hopes you can help this collector complete this very difficult set. Have you seen LBJ???, Help an Upper Deck collector complete a very difficult set. He's actually looking for a Presidential card to complete this set. Let's make it a great President's Day for him: http://bit.ly/xU0UfP, On President's Day, we would love to hear your feedback on if you think U.S. Presidents deserve to make an appearance in trading card sets from time to time. Check this out!, Have any fans ever been lucky enough to pull a presidential signed cut card from an Upper Deck product? We have produced versions for every U.S. President. If you have, share an image on our wall in honor of President's Day., For President's Day, we thought we would show off an amazing collection from one of our loyal fans!, How do you usually spend the first weekend of March Madness? NCAA Selection Sunday is coming on March 11 so get ready to fill out those brackets fans., Did you miss out on National Hockey Card Day because you didn't have a shop nearby? You can score some FREE packs on the National Hockey Card Day page right now, check it out!, Show off your favorite Gary Carter UD cards on our wall as a tribute him fans! We won't forget you Gary!, We were very saddened to hear about the passing of Gary Carter today. Gary was a great partner and friend to Upper Deck. He will be missed. RIP Gary., Check out the new Cards 2 Kids website and if you are sitting on extra trading cards, donate them to this very worthy cause today!, null, Which former star has the best chance of making a comeback; Allen Iverson in the NBA or Randy Moss in the NFL?, null, Which players story would make a better movie; Tim Tebow or Jeremy Lin?, Has anyone ever asked someone to marry them with trading cards? You bet they did! Find out if she said yes by checking out this story!, We want to hear from any fans who are giving Upper Deck cards or memorabilia to their sweetheart on Valentine's Day. Email us your story at UpperDeckMarketing@upperdeck.com. "Upper Deck: When You Care Enough To Collect The Very Best!" Happy Valentine's Day!, Congratulations to Boyd Zacher on being selected to receive the Ryan Nugent-Hopkins signed puck for doing the best Nugent-Hop. These were tough to pick from, you all were so creative. Thanks to everyone who participated and enjoy National Hockey Card Day tomorrow!, Here is everything you need to know about National Hockey Card Day tomorrow including a list of autograph signers in the product!!!, Here you go fans! Here's your chance to take home an autographed UDA puck from Ryan Nugent-Hopkins. All you have to do is show us how you do the Nugent-Hop!, With National Hockey Card Day coming tomorrow, we want to encourage all of our fans to visit participating Diamond Dealers to get a FREE pack of UD NHL cards. How about a giveaway to get you all in the hockey spirit? But we will leave what we giveaway up to you. Leave a comment here for which 2011-12 NHL Rookie you would like to see us give something away from. We'll tally the results in a bit and then pull at item to use for this giveaway. Hey, that's why we are the Collector's Choice!, Celebrate National Hockey Card Day this Saturday With FREE Packs of Upper Deck NHL® Trading Cards in the USA!, Celebrate National Hockey Card Day this Saturday With FREE Packs of Upper Deck NHL® Trading Cards in Canada!, What did you think about Will Ferrell's introductions for the Bulls/Hornets game last night?, Check out this crazy Mail Day from Wayne Gretzky at Upper Deck!, Crazy finish to the Duke vs. UNC game last night adding another great chapter in this storied rivalry. Check it out!, Some important updates to share with fans especially if you've been waiting on Gretzky or Exquisite TBD Football redemptions. Take a look as there will be a lot of movement with those., Here comes Louis! Check out a sneak peek at the 2011-12 NHL Upper Deck Series Two rookie checklists!, Tune into Cardboard Connection Radio tonight to hear from Upper Deck's Chris Carlin on the National Hockey Card Day promotion taking place this Saturday!, SP Authentic Football is hitting shelves today. Make sure to tag us in your posts for big pulls or share them right here on our wall!, If you have been experiencing issues setting up an online account for your redemptions or updating your address on www.upperdeck.com, we have corrected the problem and you can now proceed to redeem cards or change your address. We apologize for any inconvenience this may have caused., Pretty amazing catch yesterday by Mario Manningham! Fans who had this card were probably pretty happy about that. Look to collect a whole new rookie class with SP Authentic Football launching tomorrow!, null, We will be starting to do some FREE giveaways to help create some excitement for National Hockey Card Day next weekend. Make sure to like this page to take part!, What would you do if you pulled this card???, Fun idea, check it out!, As the 2012 Presidential Race Heats Up, Upper Deck Gets Political with Trading Cards of Top Candidates, With the Super Bowl upon us this weekend and SP Authentic Football set to release next week on the 7th, we thought fans would enjoy checking out the Touchdown Dance video we did with members of the 2009 rookie class. Enjoy!, With Valentine's Day coming up, don't be afraid to give your love a subtle plug that you'll trade her chocolates and shoes for trading cards on that special day. Oh, and you better make a reservation at her favorite restaurant if you haven't already!

Also, this is an older blog post, but still relevant today with regard to how to collect after marriage. Enjoy! http://upperdeckblog.com/2010/04/collecting-sports-cards-and-memorabilia-after-marriage/, We are happy to report that Upper Deck World of Sports product will release on 2/21 and will have ZERO redemptions! That's right, it will be redemption free! All autograph cards will be LIVE in packs!, Check out what Upper Deck was up to at the 2012 NHL All-Star Fan Fair!, Peyton Manning tells ESPN he expects to play again. What do you think the future holds for Peyton Manning and more importantly, for this card???, Looks like we have another collector chasing down a Dr. J Masterpiece autograph set limited to just three copies. Anyone seen the 1/3 card? Let us know here and Brad will respond!, We wanted to share with our fans in hopes it will help track down the thieves who perpetrated this crime., We produced hundreds of personalized Upper Deck trading cards for puck fans at the 2012 NHL All-Star Fan Fair. If you've ever run into us at a show and had a card made by UD, show it off on our wall here! It is a pretty cool feeling seeing yourself on a trading card!, People are still paying big buck for Michael Jordan autograph Upper Deck cards. Check out this auction, wow!, Which league puts on a better All-Star event? The NFL with the Pro Bowl or the NHL with the All-Star Game?, We had some big hits posted on Twitter as of late. Check them out and make sure to follow @UpperDeckSports and @UpperDeckHockey on Twitter!, Did the Minnesota Timberwolves make a mistake by not locking up Kevin Love to a longer term deal?, Jimmer Fredette is heating up Beckett's Hot List. Check it out: http://upperdeckblog.com/2012/01/jimmer-fredette-breaks-out-on-beckett%E2%80%99s-basketball-hot-list/, Classic collectors rejoice!  All the best of the legendary Fleer inserts are back in this retro set for the die-hard basketball and Fleer fans alike!  Collectors will be clamoring to get Precious Metal Gems and Autographics inserts that feature all the top basketball stars, but now in their college uniforms!Regular Set:Regular Cards (50)Rookie Sensations (33)Top Inserts:Autographics (1996-2000)Precious Metal Gems (#’d to 150 or less)Flair Showcase (# to 150)JambalayaConfiguration:5 cards per pack10 packs per inner box2 inner boxes per main box6 main boxes per caseBreak Summary: (on average)Six (6) Autographs in every box!Each 10-pack inner box has three (3) autos!Four (4) inserts per box (two per inner box) from the following:Precious Metal GemsGolden TouchA Cut AboveNoyz BoyzBig Men on CourtCompetitive AdvantageMetal Championship HardwareIntimidation NationUltra Court MastersUltra StarsFlair ShowcaseJambalayaRookie Sensations fall 1:3Featuring 2011-12 Rookies on the retro 1990-91 Rookie Sensation design!Collect Precious Metal Gems, including an ALL NEW Blue version!Precious Metal Gems Red - #’d to 150Precious Metal Gems Blue - #’d to 50Precious Metal Gems Green - #’d to 10Arrival: September 2012, Remember that video we showed of the Bruins fan freaking out after getting hit with silly string? Well the mascot lost his job because of it. If you want to help save it, check this out., One of our fans has two of these Dr. J. autograph cards and is looking for the third (1/3) so he will have a master set of them. Anyone out there know where that 1/3 is so he can complete his quest to reunite all three of them again?, Upper Deck Announces Details for 2012 NHL® All-Star Fan Fair™ Festivities!, Currie Giesler Named Upper Deck’s 2012 NHL® All-Star Stick Kid!, Do you think Yu Darvish will be a big hit or a bust next season?, Upper Deck National Hockey Card Day returns on Saturday, February 11. You can get a FREE pack of Upper Deck trading cards for visiting a participating store. Don't miss out!, We did some updates to our servers this weekend and it has caused a disruption with our telecom service. We have some parts being overnighted to us to fix the situation, but because of that our phones will be down until tomorrow afternoon most likely. We apologize for this disruption of service., Some really great tips here for newer collectors!!!, null, "Like" this photo if you think Tom Brady and the Patriots will beat Joe Flacco and the Ravens this weekend., "Like" this photo if you think Joe Flacco and the Ravens will take down Tom Brady and the Patriots this weekend., Check out what happens from Thunderbug shoots a Bruins fan with silly string! Did this mascot go too far or was this Bruins fan a poor sport?, Which one of these players will be smiling after this weekend as they advance to the Super Bowl? Any fans have this UD card???, Consistently delivering some of the hottest Rookie Cards on the market, SP Rookie Auto Patch Cards, 2011 SP Authentic Football is primed to showcase top talent with fresh content and unbelievable collectability!  Look for specially inserted packs of SPx Football and beautiful SP Signature Threads Autographed Jersey Cards!

Regular Set:
Regular Cards (100)
1998 SP Future Watch Cards (100)

Top Inserts:
SP Rookie Auto Patch (# to 699 or less)
SPx Rookie Auto Jersey (Varied #)
SP Signature Threads Auto Jersey (# to 99 or less)

Configuration:
5 cards per pack
24 packs per box
12 boxes per case

Three (3) hits in every box!  
Includes One (1) SP Rookie Auto Patch
SPx Football Lives!
Four (4) SPx Football packs per case
One (1) SPx Rookie Auto Jersey inside each pack!
One (1) SP Signature Threads Auto Jersey per case!

Look for dual, triple and quad autographed Sign of the Times cards #’d to 15 or less!
Collect autographs from superstars like:
Barry Sanders
Troy Aikman
Jerry Rice
Drew Brees
Mark Ingram
Cam Newton
And more!

There will be FOUR 2011 SPx Football packs randomly seeded in boxes in every case. The SPx pack will replace one SPA pack when it appears.

Arrival Date February 7, 2012, Regular Set:
Regular Cards (100)
Wire Photos, Single + Multi-Plyr. (30)
Renditions, Color + B/W(30)

Product Highlights:
Regular Card Autograph //’s (1:22)
Wire Photo Autograph //’s (1:400)
Parkhurst Masterpieces (# to 10)
Champ’s Fossils & Artifacts (1:1,280)
Champ’s Signatures (1:90)

Box Break: (on average)
Two Great Hits Highlighted by 1-2 Signature Cards
Five (5) Wire Photos cards (1 multi)
Two-to-Three (2-3) Renditions cards
Twenty (20) Champ’s Mini cards

Case Break: (on average)
Ten (10) Renditions B/W cards
One (1) Fossils & Artifacts OR Champ’s Red Ink (SP) Sig (# to 15) OR Parkhurst Masterpiece Sketch (# to 10) OR Wire Photo Multi-Player Autograph card OR Renditions B/W, Color Autograph card

Wire Images Autograph Parallels include players like Gretzky, Lemieux, Yzerman, Beliveau, Lindsay/Howe, Esposito/Bucyk/Orr all hard-signed.

Key Inserts:
Wire Photo Autographs:
Orr, Gretzky, Messier, Lemieux, Clarke, Beliveau, Lindsay; Howe/Bower, Hull Mikita, Messier/Kurri, Esposito/Orr; Esposito/Bucyk/Orr and more!

Renditions Autographs  (Black & White variation):
 Roy, Lafleur, Beliveau, Hull, Howe, Lemieux, Gretzky! 

Champ’s Signatures:
Orr, Mikita, Brett Hull, Messier, Lemieux, Bossy, Shutt, Bowman, Robitaille, Bucyk, Kurri, Sakic, Bower, Neely!

Configuration:
4 cards + 1 Champ’s mini per pack
20 packs per box
Product Arrival Date: Fall
, The last Upper Deck set you completed was ____________________., If collectors have learned anything, it is to never leave a pack behind. Check out reason 8,023 as to why you should never do that: http://upperdeckblog.com/2012/01/upper-deck-retailer-of-the-month-big-pull-at-bubba%E2%80%99s-baseball-bullpen/, Happy birthday to a true legend of sport; Muhammad Ali!, UD's Chris Carlin talks about the hobby with the guys at the Mojo Beard. Check it out!, null, 2012 SP Authentic Golf

Product Highlights:
Get 3 Autograph Cards per box!
At least 1 Authentic Rookie!
Find a Plethora of Limited Autograph/Memorabilia Cards!
Auto & Swatch variations!
Rookie Auto & Swatch variations!
Parade of Stars Auto variations
SP Chirography in 2 Levels!
Numbered to 50 & 25!
First release since ’05 (new RC’s)!
More cards of top Rookies!
Find Rookie Chirography!
Includes two great tiers!
Collect Parade of Stars!
Find subset cards plus … Stellar Autograph variations!

Box Break: (on average)
Three (3) Signature Cards
Of those three: One (1) Autographed Authentic Rookies
Eight (8) Rookie Extended Series

Case Break: (on average)
1-2 Limited Signature/Memorabilia hits
Including Auto & Swatch variations
One (1) Sign of the Times Dual
Red Foil Parallels – at least 4 in 5 cases
Notable Names to Look For:
Tiger Woods
Dustin Johnson
Jack Nicklaus
Ernie Els
Arnold Palmer
Byron Nelson
Fred Couples
Annika Sorenstam
Payne Stewart
Paula Creamer
Gary Player
Nick Faldo
Bubba Watson
Johnny Miller
Anthony Kim
Sergio Garcia
Natalie Gulbis
Raymond Floyd
Tom Lehman
Curtis Strange
Morgan Pressel
Se Ri Pak
David Duval

Configuration:
4 cards per pack
20 packs per box
Arrival Date: July 2012, As we celebrate Martin Luther King Day today, we honor an extremely charismatic man who inspired millions. Who was the person who inspired you to get into collecting?, Big day tomorrow in Philly puck fans! Come on out and meet some of your favorite Flyers!, Happy Friday the 13th Collectors! It is easy to feel like you are unlucky when opening packs sometimes. Especially when the collector next to you pulls something big. Which Upper Deck packs are you the MOST LUCKY with? Would you dare open one on Friday the 13th?, Speaking of the NHL All-Star Game, don't miss out on your chance to be the Upper Deck Stick Kid for the game. The last day to submit your application is at midnight tomorrow. See more details on the promotion here: http://upperdeckblog.com/2011/12/get-closer-to-the-nhl-than-ever-before-become-a-ud-stick-kid/, We are getting ready for the 2012 NHL All-Star Game. Are any of our fans planning on heading to Ottawa for the festivities? Should be a great time!, Manny Ramirez is looking to come out of retirement and get a shot playing for another team. Would you want him on your team?, Reason #83,024 why you never leave a pack behind..., null, null, How long until we see a playoff system in college football instead of the BCS?, null, null, Who is planning on watching the college football National Championship game tonight? What players on LSU and Alabama do you think collectors will be chasing next season as they move on to the pros?, Congratulations to Barry Larkin on getting the call to Cooperstown! Larkin was the only player elected to Baseball's Hall-of-Fame for this season., Values on Tim Tebow signed collectibles continue to rise with so much interest in him. Take a look at how Tim Tebow is proving us all wrong: http://upperdeckblog.com/2012/01/tebow-is-proving-us-all-wrong/, Opening 2011-12 NHL Black Diamond this weekend? Be on the lookout for these previously unannounced hard-signed autograph cards!!!, 2011-12 NHL Black Diamond releases today! Share your favorite hits on our wall here throughout the weekend and look for more information on the set later on today including some unannounced content!, Be sure to get your limited edition upper deck jersey card of Anze Kopitar or Drew Doughty and give to an awesome hockey charity in the process by following Bailey on Twitter. Check out this link for more details as well!, It's the final week to submit your entries for our annual NHL All-Star Stick Kid promotion. Don't miss out if you are in the Ottawa area!, null, We are currently accepting applications for interns for the Spring 2012 semester. If you are interested, please email us at UpperDeckMarketing@upperdeck.com., Anyone lucky enough to have this card in their collection? As a point to assist fans, the second card listed was not inserted autographed by Upper Deck. Looks like a collector had it signed after or pulled an autograph label from another card potentially., Pretty crazy auction! Impressive to see they were able to put together the set., Check out the latest Upper Deck NHL Rookie Boot Camp video featuring Ryan Ellis of the Nashville Predators! Look for rookie cards of this up and comer from UD soon!, We get our first look at Ricky Rubio tonight in the NBA. As many hoop fans know, UD was the first company to bring autograph cards of Rubio to the market. How do you think he will play this year?, Merry Christmas fans! If you received any great UD cards for the holiday, show them off on our wall here!, We apologize for those who had issues redeeming cards this week. The situation has been fixed in time for all the UD product that is waiting under wrapping paper as gifts. Enjoy the holidays fans! We will be closed next week for the holiday, but back in 2012!, null, null, We have published the checklist for the 2011-12 NHL Artifacts unsigned rookie redemptions. Check it out!, Thanks to everyone who participated in our Holiday Decorations giveaway. In the end, the honors went to Jeremy Gray with his very unique NHL Christmas Tree made from trading cards. It even lights up. Happy holidays everyone!, Upper Deck was honored to play a small part in Operation Gratitude's 750,000th Care Package Celebration. It was a moment we will remember for a long time. Thanks to all of you who have served at home and abroad!, Maybe we should sign this hockey mom to an autograph deal. You've got to check out what this (not so) Young Gun does!, All the best to our fans celebrating the first night of Hanukkah this evening!, Purchase a Landon Donovan UDA item and you could score an additional autograph from the soccer icon!, Check out what we just got in the mail!, Do any of you have any of our older holiday cards in your collection? We used to create them each season for vendors and shops when we had the manufacturing done in our same facility here. They were pretty fun and unique featuring a variety of spokesmen over the years. If you have any, show them off on our wall for fans to see. They remain very collectible, especially this time of year., Why are people posing images of trading cards as decorations to our wall? To get some free UD product of course. You still have time to take part, take a look!, Two giveaways on the same day? What is this Christmas? You bet it is!!! Check this one out!, Check out this very cool offer AND your chance to score a FREE box of 2011 Goodwin Champions cards!, A lot of staff here are buying into Tebow mania. Are you? Do you think he can take down the Patriots on Sunday?, You are most likely seeing quite a few Nativity scenes this holiday season. Finally there is one for NHL collectors..., Lots of talk today around the office about which collegiate football stars coming out next season for the NFL. Seems to be a loaded class. Which 2012 rookies are you most excited for?, You get one too this year American NHL fans!!!, Get ready Canadian fans!!!, Do any of our collectors have a college collection this big? Pretty impressive to say the least. Hook em Josh!, What do all these free agent trades in the NBA mean to your collection?, null, The sale of the Toronto Maple Leafs means that the team will _____________________., One lucky Upper Deck fan is going to win this oversized MLS Cup exclusive Landon Donovan card signed by Landon!, Landon signed and inscribed his MLS Cup game used jersey and it will be available in the UD Store through our Suite 1-of-1 program!, null, Check out Landon Donovan signing some unique memorabilia at a signing today with Upper Deck!, Sad story here. Do any of our fans know who the victim is? We would love to try to help rebuild their collection: http://m.news-herald.com/news-herald/pm_109032/contentdetail.htm?contentguid=xeErFfeN, null, Next season Albert Pujols will be playing with the __________________., Fans are falling in love with Ryan Nugent-Hopkins. Check out some of the must-have cards you'll want to add to your collection this season., Look for rare autographed versions of the Hockey Heroes cards as well with top legends from the 1960's., The Toronto Maple Leafs will win the Stanley Cup in ________________., UD Hockey Heroes returns taking a looking at the NHL in the 1960's., Interesting news about potential conference realignment in the #NHL. Are you for or against such a drastic change?, Which Upper Deck Young Gun rookie is the big cheese???, The two teams that SHOULD be squaring off in the BCS Championship game this season are ____________ and ___________., It is great to see Tiger Woods getting back to his winning ways. What do you think is the best Tiger Woods signed card Upper Deck has ever produced?, Autographed Future Watch, Regular Card, Regular Card, Limited Auto Patch variation, Rookie Extended Series, Signature Stoppers, Sign of the Times, Rookie Materials, O-Pee-Chee Rookie Update, UD Canvas – Canadian World Juniors, Base, MVP Rookie Update, Autographed Rookie Jersey, Level 2, Autographed Rookie Jersey, Level 2, Autographed Rookie Jersey, Level 2, (NEW) Lustrous Rookies (1:288), (NEW) Lustrous Rookies (1:288), (NEW) Lustrous Rookies (1:288), (NEW) Lustrous Rookies (1:288), (NEW) Lustrous Rookies (1:288), (NEW) Lustrous Rookies (1:288), (NEW) Lustrous Rookies (1:288), Supreme Sticks will feature unique memorabilia from game-used sticks of top NHL stars and legends., Supreme Sticks will feature unique memorabilia from game-used sticks of top NHL stars and legends., Let's hear it for the ladies! Upper Deck has produced a variety of trading cards featuring popular female athletes. The best Upper Deck card we have ever produced of a female athlete is ___________________. Feel free to post images to our wall showing which card you think is the best!, null, The best Upper Deck card you have in your collection is ________________., Looks like Upper Deck Entertainment has a new winning product on their hands!, How many of our NHL collectors are fired up about Louis Leblanc getting called up for the Canadiens? We hold off on finalizing the Artifacts rookie redemptions just for call ups like this. We will likely be finalizing that checklist in the next 2-3 weeks., What do you think this unique signed collectible is worth fans???, Mainstream media reacts to the box break phenonmenon that lives on YouTube. Is this guy the most excited collector ever on a box break? Maybe... :), We worked hard to get use some awesome photography for 2011-12 NHL Upper Deck Series One. What is your favorite card image from the set? Show it off on our wall here. It will help us determine what are fans like as we select photos for Series Two. Thanks!!!, WOW!!!, null, We have a very cool Black Friday promotion for that Dallas Cowboys fan on your holiday list. Check it out!!!, This Thanksgiving we are thankful for all of our fans. We are so happy to help bring you closer to the games and players you love. Thank you for your support!!!, null, null, You want to see something cool? Check this out!!!, And seven minutes into the game, Sidney Crosby scores. Welcome back Sid!, If the college football season ended today, the Heisman Trophy winner would be __________ because ___________________________________., Are you a collector on the go? Make sure to bookmark the Upper Deck Blog on your mobile phone so you can stay in touch with all the latest news and happenings in the industry!, null, If the Dos Equis guy was a Upper Deck card collector, what do you think he might say? We know it would end with, "I don't always open packs of cards, but when I do, I prefer Upper Deck. Keep cracking my friends.", We had amazing time at the 2011 Fall Sports Cards & Collectibles Expo in Toronto. Check out some of the video from all the events that took place around the show!, Von Miller was on fire last night for the Broncos putting the game basically on ice for Denver. We got a chance to sit down with him while he was signing for new Upper Deck football products before the season. Take a look at what he has to say: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ud0HewNnhBk, Looking for a Christmas gift for the Marvel fan in your life? Check out this new property called Slingers from Upper Deck Entertainment!, What is the strangest thing you've ever seen signed at a show? This was one of our favorites from last weekend., null, GOOOOOOOOOOOAL! UD Releases 2011 SP Game-Used Soccer Trading Card Set with a Memorabilia or Autograph Card in Every Pack!, UDA was on hand to allow collectors to grab rare items throughout the weekend., UDA was on hand to allow collectors to grab rare items throughout the weekend., UDA was on hand to allow collectors to grab rare items throughout the weekend., UDA was on hand to allow collectors to grab rare items throughout the weekend., UD gave out a ton of items throughout the weekend to fans through raffles at our corporate booth. Thanks to everyone who participated!, UD gave out a ton of items throughout the weekend to fans through raffles at our corporate booth. Thanks to everyone who participated!, UD gave out a ton of items throughout the weekend to fans through raffles at our corporate booth. Thanks to everyone who participated!, UD gave out a ton of items throughout the weekend to fans through raffles at our corporate booth. Thanks to everyone who participated!, UD gave out a ton of items throughout the weekend to fans through raffles at our corporate booth. Thanks to everyone who participated!, UD gave out a ton of items throughout the weekend to fans through raffles at our corporate booth. Thanks to everyone who participated!, UD gave out a ton of items throughout the weekend to fans through raffles at our corporate booth. Thanks to everyone who participated!, UD gave out a ton of items throughout the weekend to fans through raffles at our corporate booth. Thanks to everyone who participated!, UD gave out a ton of items throughout the weekend to fans through raffles at our corporate booth. Thanks to everyone who participated!, UD gave out a ton of items throughout the weekend to fans through raffles at our corporate booth. Thanks to everyone who participated!, Part of the UD team on hand throughout the weekend. From left to right we have Ryan Farner of Customer Care, Ryan King of UDA and Grant Sandground for UDC Hockey and Baseball., There was a huge line to get into the 2011 Fall Sports Cards & Collectibles Expo each day., There was a huge line to get into the 2011 Fall Sports Cards & Collectibles Expo each day., UD gave out a ton of items throughout the weekend to fans through raffles at our corporate booth. Thanks to everyone who participated!, UD gave out a ton of items throughout the weekend to fans through raffles at our corporate booth. Thanks to everyone who participated!, UD gave out a ton of items throughout the weekend to fans through raffles at our corporate booth. Thanks to everyone who participated!, And she got an Orr., Nice Orr Autograph!, The crowd couldn't believe she pulled a Wayne Gretzky autograph. By the looks of it, neither could she!, This young man pulled a MONSTER autograph out of O-Pee-Chee., When is it fun to pull a redemption card? When it is for Mr. Wayne Gretzky., Sweet Day with the Cup pull! More news on these cards coming soon!, What a patch discovery while opening The Cup., Another sick patch found!, Nice Tim Thomas patch discovery!, Triple fight strap find!, This collector loves the Rangers. He was thrilled to find a signed Gaborik patch card!, Pulling a Nugent-Hopkins rookie is cause for celebration., It's the Honoured Members cards!, Finding this in your pack of The Cup certainly doesn't suck., Tons of great product to see at the Expo., The young man in the back is photo bombing this Howe autograph., Some of the first autographs of the year for Landeskog!, Double trouble - He got a Gretzky..., Short-print Tavares!, Gordie Howe Team Canada Priority Signings Autograph pulled!, Steven Stamkos short-print autograph, someone is jealous..., She's happy with her Eberle!, An Alex Ovechkin autograph has this young lady smiling., Bobby Orr Team Canada Priority Signings Autograph pulled!, Ryan Nugent-Hopkins autograph pulled!, #4 - Bobby Orr!, Rare Gordie Howe Autograph pulled!, His hand was shaking after he pulled the Gretzky autograph., Is this Wayne Gretzky fellow any good?, Another Gretzky!, Short-printed Datsyuk!, Sidney Crosby Priority Signings Autograph pulled!, Gordie Howe Priority Signings Autograph pulled!, Wayne Gretzky Priority Signings Autograph pulled!, Wayne Gretzky Team Canada Priority Signings Autograph pulled!, Sidney Crosby Team Canada Priority Signings Autograph pulled!, I think I go something good..., Oh yeah, Wayne Gretzky autograph!!!, Gordie Howe Priority Signings Autograph pulled!, Father and son pull a Cody Hodgson and rare Team Canada Gordie Howe signed card., Sidney Crosby Team Canada Priority Signings Autograph pulled!, Bobby Orr Priority Signings Autograph pulled!, Fan are ready to open more UD boxes!, Young and old took part in the wrapper redemption program., The lines were probably the longest on Saturday and we are working on ways to help those lines go quicker in the Spring., This young man is thrilled to find a Gretzky autograph!, Fans were pumped each day to get their Priority Signings cards!, UD hosted some members of the Diamond Club at the Hockey Hall-of-Fame., UD hosted some members of the Diamond Club at the Hockey Hall-of-Fame., We got inspiration from the plaques at the Hall-of-Fame for a new insert set found in 11/12 NHL UD1..., UD hosted some members of the Diamond Club at the Hockey Hall-of-Fame., UD hosted some members of the Diamond Club at the Hockey Hall-of-Fame., UD hosted some members of the Diamond Club at the Hockey Hall-of-Fame., They were ready for the Hall-of-Fame inductions at the Hall, a very special night for some great players., You know you are at the Expo when you see the beef jerky guy., Fans were great about donating their extra trading cards to cardstokids.org., The cardstokids.org team was busy getting the word out to fans at the show about their donation drive taking place at our booth. They donated thousands of cards to a Childrens Hospital in Toronto that they received over the course of the weekend., UD hosted some members of the Diamond Club at the Hockey Hall-of-Fame., UD hosted some members of the Diamond Club at the Hockey Hall-of-Fame., UD hosted some members of the Diamond Club at the Hockey Hall-of-Fame., UD hosted some members of the Diamond Club at the Hockey Hall-of-Fame., UD hosted some members of the Diamond Club at the Hockey Hall-of-Fame., This Diamond Club member was breaking packs of The Cup. Wonder what he may find!?!?, It's a Jeff Skinner rookie patch autograph /99., And then a Taylor Hall rookie patch autograph /99 redemption is found!, UD hosted some members of the Diamond Club at the Hockey Hall-of-Fame., UD hosted some members of the Diamond Club at the Hockey Hall-of-Fame., UDA was on hand to allow collectors to grab rare items throughout the weekend., UD hosted Diamond Club and some Volunteer Alliance members at an evening reception with Red Kelly and Johnny Bower at Clouts N' Chara's new hobby shop in Kitchener on Saturday night., UD hosted Diamond Club and some Volunteer Alliance members at an evening reception with Red Kelly and Johnny Bower at Clouts N' Chara's new hobby shop in Kitchener on Saturday night., UD hosted Diamond Club and some Volunteer Alliance members at an evening reception with Red Kelly and Johnny Bower at Clouts N' Chara's new hobby shop in Kitchener on Saturday night., UD hosted Diamond Club and some Volunteer Alliance members at an evening reception with Red Kelly and Johnny Bower at Clouts N' Chara's new hobby shop in Kitchener on Saturday night., UD hosted Diamond Club and some Volunteer Alliance members at an evening reception with Red Kelly and Johnny Bower at Clouts N' Chara's new hobby shop in Kitchener on Saturday night., UD hosted Diamond Club and some Volunteer Alliance members at an evening reception with Red Kelly and Johnny Bower at Clouts N' Chara's new hobby shop in Kitchener on Saturday night., UD hosted Diamond Club and some Volunteer Alliance members at an evening reception with Red Kelly and Johnny Bower at Clouts N' Chara's new hobby shop in Kitchener on Saturday night., Check out this cool video where an autistic man has some trouble with the National Anthem. Instead of booing, the crowd rallies around him to help him through it. Awesome!, null, Everyone opens their Upper Deck packs differently to reveal the cards found within. How do you open your Upper Deck packs?, Today was easily the busiest day we ever saw at the Expo in the last ten years. We handed put over 500 Priority Signings autograph cards to fans in two hours. Thanks to everyone for patiently waiting in the line while we moved through the largest crowd we have ever seen!, Day one at the Expo, check out what's going on!, We were blown away to see how generous many collectors were today for the Cards2Kids donation program! Thanks to everyone who donated, it is going to make a lot of kids very happy. Still time to drop off cards at the Expo throughout the weekend!, When is the last time you were at a trading card show and what did you think of it?, null, Upper Deck gives back to troops serving in hostile regions around the world., Heading to Toronto this weekend for the Expo, check out more of what Upper Deck has in store for collectors., Oh yes we did... Be on the look out for an amazing insert in 2011-12 NHL Upper Deck Series One!, Check out UD's University of Texas set featured on Burnt Orange Nation!, 2011-12 Upper Deck Series One Hockey Arrives This Week, 2011-12 NHL Upper Deck Series One releases tomorrow and all the autograph content will be live in packs. There will be ZERO redemption exchange cards in the product., 11-12 NHL Upper Deck Series One releases tomorrow. Let's take a look back at some of the best Young Guns cards of all time., null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, Upper Deck Partners with Cards2Kids at Sports Cards & Collectibles Expo in Toronto, After the 1989 Upper Deck Ken Griffey Jr. rookie card, what do you think the single greatest Upper Deck rookie card is?, Got a big box full of cards that you haven't looked at in awhile and wondering what they are worth? Looking to sell that collection for some holiday $$$? Here are some tips on how to get a good feel for the pricing on your older collections., Who do you like in the big fight this weekend baseball fans; Dykstra or Canseco?, Hard-signed autographs in 2011-12 NHL UD1 of top NHL legends? You better believe it!, Take a look at two of the more sought after rookie cards in 2011 SP Authentic Football!!!, Who are these masked men???, What do you do with some of those old commons? Here's one great idea, use them to create trading card earrings for that female sports fan in your life!, The Upper Deck Sports Product section of the UD Website got a nice update today. Several new products are listed with updated release dates and most importantly, preliminary checklists. Make sure to check them out!, Who is planning on attending the Sports Cards and Collectibles Expo next week in Toronto??? Can't wait to get out with the fans at the show. If you've never been before, take a look at what the show is like!, The NBA season should have started today, but the league remains locked out. Don't worry hoop fans, UD has you covered with SP Authentic Basketball. Check it out!, Has anyone pulled a multi-signed wire photo card from Parkhurst Champions? Some of them are going for big money!, Did you see Upper Deck NCAA Football cards on ESPN's College GameDay this weekend? In case you missed them, here they are!, What are you dressed up as today fans?, Where are our Jets fans??? Got a little special something coming for you in November!, Do you have David Freese's UD Ballpark autograph rookie? Maybe it is time to go back through those old commons!, While many of you were watching Game 6 of the World Series last night, you may have missed out on one of the craziest games in recent NHL history between the Jets and Flyers. 17 goals in one game! Check this out to quickly see how it went down and who won., Wondering what happens to the gear of the team that doesn't win it all? Here you go!, Heading to the Sports Card & Memorabilia Expo in Toronto in a couple weeks? Make sure you save a little $$$ to take part in UD's Priority Signings program. Some stellar autographs are up for grabs this time around!!!, Who will take Game 7 in the World Series tonight? If you think it will be the St. Louis Cardinals, show off your favorite Albert Pujols UD card on our wall. If you think it will be the Texas Rangers, show off your favorite Nolan Ryan UD card on our wall. Let's see which team has the most supporters!, What an amazing Game 6 tonight! Who is gonna take it???, Does it "bug" you that we haven't released short print information on the 2011 Goodwin Champions Entomology cards yet? Well here you go fans! We're continuing to ship them out, enjoy!!!, Are these guys any good? Get to know the 2011-12 NHL Rookie class and more importantly, how to pronounce their names: http://upperdeckblog.com/2011/10/are-these-guys-any-good-get-to-know-the-2011-12-nhl-impact-rookies/, null, There are only 80 total redemptions in 2011-12 SP Authentic Basketball. All Jordan, LeBron and Jimmer autos are live., Halloween is coming fans, check out this great costume idea and remember to give out UD packs to the kids for the Holiday!!!, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, There may be a lockout for the NBA, but college basketball is doing just fine. UD celebrates the purity of college basketball with the release of 2011-12 SP Authentic Basketball. Don't miss it!!!, 2011-12 SP Authentic Basketball hits shelves today loaded with autos of Jordan and LeBron and new rookie autograph cards of Jimmer Fredette, Kawhi Leonard and Tristan Thompson as well. Show off your hits right here on our FB Wall!, Congratulations to Eric Hollington on being selected as the winner of our Willie Buchanon giveaway. Thanks to everyone who participated in the promotion and look for more great giveaways right here very soon!, Last chance to win this Jake Locker Autograph card and more! We will select a winner randomly at 11:00 Pacific so you've got about an hour left to email your submission in!, Any Canucks fans out there? One of our Certified Diamond Dealers is giving away tickets to fans who share their best UD story. Share your story with Pasttime for your chance to win today!, Shadow Box cards - Programme of Excellence, Winning Materials Autograph Parallel, Regular Card Patch Parallel, Regular SPx card, Autographed Flashback Fabrics, Rookie Materials, Autographed Rookie Jersey, Level 1, Here's our second giveaway of the day for our Hockey fans. We're looking for a creative box break and with Halloween coming up this week, that shouldn't be too hard to do. Check out how you can win the two boxes of Artifacts we are giving away: http://upperdeckblog.com/2011/10/beat-the-interns-box-break-video-and-win/, Here's our first of two giveaways for our fans today. This one is for our football fans. Just watch these two short videos, email us the answers to some questions on them and you'll have a chance to win this Jake Locker autograph card and more!, Anyone in the mood for some giveaways? We are! Look for one for hockey and one for football coming up today!!! Stay tuned for more details!, Former San Diego State and Green Bay Packer Willie Buchanon is signing his College Football Legends cards with us here this morning. Got any questions for Willie???, One of our fans sold this card from Goodwin Champions for a whopping $3800. Wow!!!, The best Upper Deck card trade I made was ___________________., 2011-12 NHL Upper Deck Series One will launch with ZERO redemptions. Additionally there are some hard-signed autograph cards as well including a triple hard-signed Hockey Heroes card of Bobby Hull, Gordie Howe and Andy Bathgate!, Final Young Guns Rookie - Landeskog #208, Final Young Guns Rookie - Larsson #227, Final Young Guns Rookie - Nugent-Hopkins #214, Final Young Guns Rookie - Scheifele #248, Final Young Guns Rookie - Colborne #242, Final Young Guns Rookie - Brett Connolly #240, Final Young Guns Rookie - Couturier #234, Final Young Guns Rookie - Diaz #221, Final Young Guns Rookie - Frattin #243, Final Young Guns Rookie - Gudbranson #217, Final Young Guns Rookie - Gustafsson #236, Final Young Guns Rookie - Hodgson #245, Final Young Guns Rookie - Klingberg #247, Final Young Guns Rookie - Checklist #250, Here they are fans!!!, We will be revealing the 2011-12 NHL Upper Deck Series One Young Guns checklist in the next couple hours with images. Stay tuned, the Young Guns are coming!!!, Check out a complete set of the 2011 Goodwin Champions Animal Kingdom Patch cards!, The Young Guns are coming... Who will be the next great Upper Deck Young Gun? Look for the checklist reveal tomorrow for Young Guns in 2011-12 NHL Upper Deck Series One!, If you could pull any autographed card of a retired NHL legend from an Upper Deck pack that you would not resell, who would it be?, null, Upper Deck’s 2011 NHL® Parkhurst Champions Set Pays Tribute to Hockey’s Greatest Players!, We are feeling nostalgic today. Do any of our fans collect our older motorsports and racing cards? Show some of your favorites off on our wall here. There were some great ones we produced from back in the day!, What do you think is the greatest Upper Deck NHL Young Guns card of all-time?, Check out an awesome new gallery of autograph cards and more from the new 2011 Parkhurst Champions set: http://upperdeckblog.com/2011/10/brag-photos-2011-nhl-parkhurst-champions-preview/, We have a very cool gallery of NHL cards coming out here in the next couple hours. Stay tuned!!!, For those of you expecting your Entomology redemptions from Goodwin Champions, please make sure to share what you get here on our wall. We can't wait to see fans reactions to these extremely unique collectibles. , To the fathers out there, do any of you put together one UD set a year for your kids? We know a few of you do and wanted to get a feel for how many do. How long have you been doing it for? What's it like when they are old enough to appreciate what they have?, We had an interesting question on Twitter from a fan that has us a little stumped and we wanted to see if our fans had some ideas on how to respond. "Any tips and/or tricks for a die hard collector (me) who recently became totally blind? I don't wanna give up my hobby. :)" Can any of our fans sympathize? Any ideas on how we should respond? This is a tough (and sad) question., Looking for a great hobby shop in San Antonio, TX? Look no further than Sports Cards Plus. Check this out: http://upperdeckblog.com/2011/10/featured-retailers-sports-cards-plus/, What Upper Deck Baseball set do you miss the most?, It's a good time to be a Detroit fan. Tigers still in the hunt, Red Wings & Lions off to a great start and the Michigan Wolverines undefeated. How does it feel MI?, If 11-12 NHL The Cup were releasing today, which six rookies do you think should be the shortprints to 99?, Happy Thanksgiving to all our Canadian fans! What Upper Deck cards are you most thankful to have in your collection?, In honor of Columbus Day, what is the best Upper Deck card you've ever discovered at a great price online or at a show and claimed for your collection???, null, null, The NHL has a rule that we cannot produce cards of rookies until they skate in an official game so the hockey team is busy, busy, busy right now with so many rookies skating tonight. What do you think about that rule. Do you wish other leagues would have a similar rule so rookies have more of an impact and value?, What is the greatest rivalry game in college football and where does the Red River Rivalry game between Texas and Oklahoma rank among them in your opinion?, NHL® Set Collectors Rejoice; 2011-12 NHL O-Pee-Chee® Hits Stores This Week!, Which school has the better football program; the University of Oklahoma or University of Texas? Cast your vote on our blog for your chance to win a blow up card from the upcoming University of Texas and University of Oklahoma Football sets for Red River Rivalry week!, A new group of Young Guns are ready to take on Upper Deck Rookie Boot Camp, check out how the goalies do on mental toughness!, Anyone cracking 11-12 O-Pee-Chee Hockey? Let's get the season started!, Thanks to all the fans who helped in providing moments for the first ten cards in the 2011-12 NHL Biography of a Season set. Take a look at the checklist to see if your suggestion made it. Check with your Certified Diamond Dealers to let them know you want to collect the Biography of a Season coming in November!, As many of you know Upper Deck also owns the Fleer name. What are your favorite Fleer brands and inserts? Any sets you'd like to see us take off the shelf and bring back?, Cool story. How many packs do you think it took you before you pulled your first Jordan autograph card or has MJ's signature continued to allude you???, This weekend take a little time and make the Ultimate Halloween costume, become an Upper Deck trading card. Or go searching for some inexpensive Upper Deck packs to hand out to the kids who stop by. They LOVE getting trading cards as treats!, It looks like Kobe will be playing overseas this year. Will you tune in to watch and do you think other NBA players will follow? Show off your favorite UD Kobe cards on our wall here!, Got extra cards? Donate them to a great cause who will get them to deserving kids. Check out this amazing story about a new charity started by a high school student: http://upperdeckblog.com/2011/09/a-high-school-student-encourages-you-to-give-%E2%80%98cards-to-kids%E2%80%99/, null, Does anyone have this card? May be time to go through some old boxes and check..., We are still in shock over the outcome of the MLB races last night. The thing that you were most surprised about from that games last night was ____________., Should be a wild day for Baseball. Do you think it will be Boston or Tampa Bay? Atlanta or St. Louis?, The 2011-12 NHL Rookie of Year will be _____________., We keep seeing some great pulls from Artifacts like this 1-of-1 Getzlaf. Keep sharing your favorites on our wall here and on Twitter!, Do you have any superstitions or idiosyncrasies when it comes to selecting or opening packs? If so, have they served you well?, Do you find you collect players on your fantasy team? Who are your top fantasy players?, Congratulations to Chris, Kevin and Matt who were randomly selected to receive an Upper Deck Biography of a Season mailday. Will one of your suggestions become an Upper Deck Biography of a Season trading card? Stay tuned!!!, Make it a great weekend by opening the new 11-12 NHL Artifacts. If you already have, share what you pulled on our wall here!!!, The game that you have to tune into and watch this weekend is _____________!!!, Not sure what to be for Halloween this season? Why not be an Upper Deck trading card? Our friend Ryan Murphy shares how he made a very unique costume that was a big hit last Halloween, take a look!, Have you figured out what you are going to be for Halloween yet? If not, stay tuned, we've got a great costume idea coming for you!, Check out the new Clouts N' Chara retail store in Ontario. Have any of our fans been there yet???, We were saddened by the recent passings of two football legends who we have worked with a lot in the past. Rest in peace old friends..., What do you think of the new Facebook layout?, Looking to crack a case of 2011 Sweet Spot Football? One of our Authorized Internet Retailers is running a great promotion right now where the next three collectors who order a case to open will receive a Cam Newton autographed Carolina mini-helmet. Check it out!, What was your favorite thing you watched last night on TV?, Is there really any contest???, Congratulations to Mariano Rivera on becoming baseball's all-time save leader. Where do you think Mo ranks among the greatest pitchers of all-time?, Check out this story on the ways the internet has changed this hobby from our guest contributor, Sam Goldman: http://upperdeckblog.com/2011/09/the-internet-continues-to-change-the-world-of-sports-card-collecting/, Check out this tip on a great place to meet your favorite athletes in a laid back setting: http://upperdeckblog.com/2011/09/where-can-you-meet-your-favorite-athletes/, Which fans kept the faith with Matt Stafford? If you still have some of his UD rookies, show them off on our wall here!, Big college football day tomorrow. Which games are you gonna make sure you watch???, We just wanted to post this again as it went up later in the day yesterday. You can help create Upper Deck's 2011-12 NHL Biography of a Season set and also win some cool prizes. Take part and see your card potentially come to life!, Does anyone have an extra $50,000 laying around for this card? What do you think it should sell for? Doesn't look like they accepted any offers., We hear all the time from fans how you'd like to create your own checklist for a NHL set. Well, here's your chance. For the first time ever, we are allowing our fans to help us create the checklist for Upper Deck's Biography of a Season set. Share your favorite moments in the comment section of the blog and you could win!, Have any of our fans found the elusive Chupacabra card from Goodwin Champions Animal Patches? Thought you might like to check out this story on the creature., It's been fun to read some of the sets you've tried to put together. Take a look at this story of how a collector was able to put together a very difficult set in about two months., What is the hardest Upper Deck set you've ever tried to collect? Were you able to finish it?, Wanna see something amazing? Taylor Hall's Cup Rookie cards came in... All of them. Enjoy!, Thanks to everyone who participated in our "What Would You Do for a Pack of The Cup" promotion last week. We had a lot of fun with that one and we were happy to see you all vote for some kids to get some trading cards out of it. We'll be working with Michael to have a follow up story on how it went and also, what he got from the pack!, We need our fans to come through for a fellow collector. Check out this story and let us know if you can help!!!, 2010-11 NHL The Cup has been in the market for awhile now. What has been the best card you have seen pulled from the set???, Unfortunately we’ve run into some additional delays in the production process for 2011-12 NHL Artifacts. The new release date for the product is September 23, 2011. As a reminder, all the autograph content in the product is live, there will be no redemptions. The popular rookie redemption program will continue however with a new element that includes autograph versions of some of those exchange cards!, Congratulations to David Waite, Ethan Cahn, Robert Botello and Logan Killen on being selected as winners of our Football Profile giveaway! Thanks to everyone for participating and enjoy the season!, Ryan Kerrigan helped lead the Redskins to victory yesterday. Watch him open some UD product and talk about his college experience., Cam Newton certainly looked impressive in his debut. Are you going to be buying or selling Cam after this performance?, What a close race. Under the wire we have Michael Hodges taking it with 39 links after an hour of voting. Thank you to all the fans who participated! That was a fun promotion and look for details on Michael's experience!, Contestant #5 – Aaron Antonello has a lot of self control. He is willing to take a pack of The Cup and keep it with him for an entire month without opening it. He will take images of both he and the pack everywhere he goes and share them. He will sleep with it, eat with it, wherever he goes, that pack will go too. “Like” this post if you want to see Aaron spend a month with The Cup!, Contestant #4 – Michael Hodges loves busting cases and cases of Upper Deck products. He would love to give back to help get kids involved in the hobby. Michael is willing to donate a large amount of his collection (25,000 cards) to organizations that work with children in his area, all for the chance to open a pack of The Cup. “Like” this post if you want to see Michael share the hobby with kids!, Contestant #3 – Rob Anderson loves collecting hockey cards and he loves Upper Deck. And who can blame him? There’s nothing like pulling autograph cards inked by some of the greatest players on the planet. And speaking of ink, that’s what Rob is willing to do for a pack of The Cup; get a small Upper Deck tattoo on his back. “Like” this post if you want to see Rob get some fresh ink for a pack of The Cup!, Contestant #2 – Tony Devlin is the Director of Recreation and Community Services for the small town of Inuvik located just 2 degrees above the Arctic Circle. Finding hockey cards up there is tough and getting a pack of The Cup is next to impossible. He would like to open it in front of the town, then sell the cards of and donate the proceeds to help get youth hockey equipment for the kids up there that they could really use. “Like” this post if you want to see Upper Deck’s high-end hockey cards shared at the top of the world!, Contestant #1 – William Mason is a true collector who says if he is lucky enough to win the pack, he will put the cards on his wall with many of his other favorite UD cards. William also has quite a bit of hair apparently; especially facial hair. He is willing to not only shave his facial hair, but his entire head for a pack of 2010-11 NHL The Cup. “Like” this post if you want to see him break out the clippers and take home this prize!, Are you ready to see what people are willing to do for a pack of the Cup and vote on who will win it? We will post our top five entries today at 4:00PM Pacific. You will have one hour to like your favorite(s) to give these fans a chance to win. Practice right now by "liking" this post! :), null, Football fans are you ready to kickoff the season with a great giveaway??? Here's what you need to do to qualify to win either a box or one of three packs of 2011 Upper Deck Sweet Spot Football:

1. Scan or get an image of your favorite Upper Deck Football card.
2. Upload that image to your Facebook profile picture before the end of tonight's game between Green Bay and New Orleans.
3. Post a comment right here on this image noting what card you picked and why.
4. Leave that photo as your Facebook profile picture through the Monday night games.
5. Tuesday we will randomly select fans who left their profile picture the same from tonight's game through Monday to receive either a box or one of three packs of 2011 Upper Deck Sweet Spot Football.

Good luck fans and get posting!!!, We announced a great giveaway today for hockey fans to win a pack of The Cup, but with Football season kicking off tonight, how about a football giveaway? Get an image of your favorite UD Football card ready!, Here is your chance to win a FREE pack of 2010-11 NHL The Cup. Check out this blog posting for more details!, Always wanted to open a pack of Upper Deck's super premium NHL release The Cup, but just can't afford it? Your chance to win a free pack of 2010-11 NHL The Cup is coming up right here soon! In the meantime, ask yourself, what would you be willing to do for a free pack of The Cup???, null, This NHL off-season has been terribly tragic as we have said goodbye to so many old friends. Please join us in remembering these players and feel free to share any of your favorite UD cards of them on our wall. May they rest in peace., UD’s Athlete Relations team has been working very hard to acquire as much autograph content as possible for our 2011-12 NHL releases. With the exception of the planned redemptions for new rookies who have yet to skate in an official NHL game, Upper Deck’s 2011-12 NHL Artifacts will have ZERO redemptions for autograph cards. Likewise, 2011-12 NHL O-Pee-Chee will have ZERO redemption content with all autograph cards live in packs., What is your favorite Upper Deck Kobe Bryant card?, Congratulations to Eric Naylor on being selected to receive the pack of 2011 All-Time Greats from our College Colors giveaway. Thanks to everyone who participated and look for more giveaways right here soon!, What do you think of the Winnipeg Jets new jerseys?, Get to know the 2011-12 NHL Rookie Class!, Show off your school spirit this weekend and win. If you are going to a game, you can double your chances to win! Take a look!, We loved this story from our Ultimate Fan Alex Vegh. Glad you had a good time Alex!, Today is College Colors Day! Show off your school spirit and win! From now through labor day, post an image of you wearing your favorite college gear holding an Upper Deck college card of a favorite player or team. Everyone who posts an image to our wall through Monday will be placed in a random draw to receive one pack of 2011 All-Time Greats Basketball, UD's new high-end CLC release. So get those cameras and get posting!!!, Check out our new photo album featuring photos from the 2011 NHL Rookie Showcase including some new photos just added!, Day two of the 2011 NHL Rookie Showcase in Toronto is underway! Check out these images of the rookies chatting with the media, filming some hilarious videos for Upper Deck, and more!, Upper Deck is in Toronto this week for the 2011 NHL Rookie Showcase! Check out some first pics and details of this exciting event!, Our thoughts and prayers go out to those preparing for the hurricane. Every time there is an event like that, we hear about people losing their collections in the disaster. As you prepare, make sure your collectibles are well packaged. Any fans have tips to share on how you package up your collectibles to keep them safe before storms?, Congratulations to Chris Rossi, Rich Sliwin, Doug Allen, Blakely Johnson, and Shane and Jody Trask for being named winners of the 2011 NCAA Sweet Spot Contest! Chris takes the grand prize of a box of 2011 Sweet Spot Football. Rich, Doug, Shane and Jody, and Blakely will each receive a pack of 2011 Sweet Spot Football. Check back in the future for more great contests!, You wanted football so we have one FREE box of 2011 Sweet Spot Football (with 4 autograph cards inside on average) up for grabs. To participate, just "like" the fan pages of three of your favorite football players. Post an image of an Upper Deck Football card of that player on their wall or photo section with a note about how you enjoy collecting their UD cards. Then share the links in the comment section here back to those pages where you posted so we can confirm., We feel like we haven't given away anything in awhile here and we know our fans are getting edgy if they don't get something to open. You choose what we give away next. Option #1 - Easy giveaway for a box of 11-12 NHL Victory. Option #2 - Medium difficulty giveaway for a box of 2011 Sweet Spot Football. Option #3 - Difficult giveaway for a pack of 2011 All-Time Greats Basketball. Let us know what you want and whichever option gets the most votes will be given away next!, Which team do you think will win the Super Bowl this season?, If you are interested in investing in authentic sports signed memorabilia, we shared yesterday some athletes you can find good value on. Here are the athletes you may want to avoid right now as they are a little too hot or may be over hyped., Imagine going to a game and finding out you have been randomly selected to meet the star of the game. That's what happened recently where UD brought fans face to face with Landon Donovan!, Tired of seeing your savings go down the drain in this crazy stock market? Maybe you should put a small part of your nest egg in sports memorabilia. Check out this story from UD's Chris Carlin as he shares the top ten players he would invest in today., Terrelle Pryor is now a member of the Raiders where they will apparently work to convert him to a wide receiver. How do you think he will do with the silver & black?, Check out this sweet offer from Pittsburgh Sports where you can get a free Cam Newton autograph mini helmet with purchase of a new case of 2011 Sweet Spot Football., It's a quiet Sunday, why not break out those old shoeboxes of cards and see what you've got? Post pictures of any cool UD cards you may have forgotten about on our Wall here!, Lots of good info here in this week's segment of "Ask UD." Check out a first look at the Entomology redemptions as well!!!, When is the last time you went through your collection? Make this the weekend you do. Break out those od shoeboxes and thumb through the new Becketts. Share with us on our wall what forgotten Upper Deck cards you find! Have fun!!!, Congratulations to Alex Vegh on being selected as Upper Deck's Ultimate NHL Fan. Take a look at what Alex scored from UD!, Terrelle Pryor has been declared eligible for the NFL supplemental draft on Monday. UD has rookie and autograph cards of Pryor LIVE in 2011 Sweet Spot Football. Here is more on that: http://upperdeckblog.com/2011/08/brag-photo-terrelle-pryor-rookie-autograph-cards-live-in-2011-ncaa-sweet-spot-football/ What team do you think Pryor will end up with???, Ever wonder what it's like to work at Upper Deck? Check out the "super" experience one of our interns had this summer., This is a really great story on the 2011 National Sports Collectors Convention by ESPN's Sports Guy, Bill Simmons. Take a look and make sure you make it out to next year's show in Baltimore!, The Little League World Series is coming. It reminds us of the time we had the Park View Little League team in to make some special trading cards for them after they won it all! Maybe we can do something like that again this year!, Even if you don't normally collect hockey cards, you've got to appreciate how amazing these cards are!, We have almost finished packing out 2010-11 NHL The Cup. It's been a long process, but we have really enjoyed seeing the comments and reaction to the product as we show off pictures right here. Stay tuned, we'll have one more round of some AMAZING images of some of the best cards in the set today!, Congratulations to Jim Thome for joining a very elite fraternity of baseball player by hitting his 600th home-run! We would love for fans to show off some of their favorite Upper Deck Jim Thome cards on our wall here., What an amazing card. What do you think it will sell for???, null, Day Two of The Cup pack out started bright and early today. Look out for some more great images from the set shortly!!!, null, null, Look for the first images LIVE from the packout of 2010-11 NHL The Cup later on today!!! Look for your pack of The Cup in stores on August 31, 2011!, Great grab!!!, We are going to show off quite a few upcoming products today, stay tuned!!!, We are looking to feature a fan for the Upper Deck Blog who has collected the Upper Deck NHL Biography of a Season set for each year since it started. We are talking about all 30 cards from 2006-07, 2008-09, 2009-10 and 2010-11. If you have all these cards, please let us know in the comment field below. *Note we did not produce the set for the 2007-08 season., We love to see the "shaking hands" when you pull great cards from UD packs. What is the last card you pulled that had your hands shaking from a UD product?, Our Customer Care group will be off the phones this afternoon working on emails. Should you have an immediate concern, please give us a call in the next two hours or try us tomorrow or Friday. Thanks!, null, The Upper Deck Hockey Team is preparing to head out to North Carolina to hand pack 2010-11 NHL The Cup. Look for amazing images from the packout right here starting this weekend!!!, Have you found that you've lost a fair amount of your retirement in the past week? We have too. Take a look at a different way to invest..., Who got the best in this trade???, When is the last time you went to a trading card show and what did you think?, Check out some of these great pulls from the weekend at the 2011 National Sports Collectors Convention!, null, Always wanted an autograph of MJ? Here's your chance!, Can't make the 2011 National? Check out what you missed on Day 1!, Congratulations to Bruce Fox on being selected to receive a FREE box of 2011 Goodwin Champions for our Yelp your favorite Hobby Shop promotion! Thanks to everyone who participated, we appreciate you helping out these retailers!!!, If you are tweeting from the 2011 National Sports Collectors Convention, use the hashtag #NSCC so we can all follow what's happening at the show!, Last chance to get in on the Goodwin Champions giveaway. Just Yelp a positive review for your local hobby shop and post it to our wall here. We'll select a random winner this afternoon!, null, Post a positive review of a Upper Deck Certified Diamond Dealer you've visited on Yelp.com for your chance to receive a FREE box of 2011 Goodwin Champions. Just post your review and then post a link to your review on UD's Facebook Wall. We will randomly award a fan who posted a review with a free box tomorrow! Thanks!, Help you Local Card Shops out by yelping a positive review for them. That will help others find them. Let people know why they should visit!, Many of the new 2011 Goodwin Champions Entomology cards are even more thick than the cards you saw in the set in 2009. Check out a few of these amazing cards along with the Museum Collection cards at our booth during the 2011 National Sports Collectors Convention in Chicago., To our insomniac fans, have you ever made any late night acquisitions to your collection purchasing items on TV or at auction? What did you get?, Victory Is Yours! Upper Deck Releases the First Hockey Product of the 2011-12 Season Today!, Check out this cool promotion between UD and the LA Galaxy!, Upper Deck is pleased to bring fans the FIRST rookie and autograph rookie cards of former Ohio State star; Terrelle Pryor., Autograph Hunters Rejoice; Upper Deck Releases 2011 NCAA Sweet Spot Football Today!, Have any of you ever attempted putting together the "Black" parallel in Victory Hockey? Are any of you going after the set this season?, 2011-12 NHL Victory and 2011 Sweet Spot Football hit store shelves today. Grab some packs and enjoy two great new products!, Which collectors are hitting up the National Sports Collectors Convention this week??? Make sure to drop by the UD booth!, Randy Moss has decided to retire. Do you think he will stay retired or do you think he will come back to a contender in need of a wide receiver later on this season?, We had a great "Ask UD" segment last week and just wanted to repost in case any of you missed it!, Really cool story. Do you ever give a young kid some of your cards when you are at a card shop? That's another great way to be generous with young fans., Lots of players changing teams for almost every sport these days. How does a big player changing teams affect your collecting?, When is The Cup coming out? Who are the Mystery redemptions in SPA Hockey? Are there lots of redemptions in All-Time Greats Basketball? What products are about to expire? Answers to all this and more in the latest edition of "Ask UD!", Interesting story. UD and Fleer have quite a few of these., Sad story, High-End Basketball Trading Cards Return with 2011 Upper Deck All-Time Greats, Get to meet huge names from the NHL at Dave & Adam's Hockey Fest coming up in two weeks! Check it out!, Congrats to Ervin Santana on firing off a no hitter today for the Angels. Show off your favorite Ervin Santana Upper Deck cards here on our wall!, Did anyone see this blown call last night in the 19th inning of the Pittsburgh/Braves game? Think it's time for instant replay in baseball???, Check out the latest amazing cards to arrive from 2011 Goodwin Champions!, We just got some REALLY cool 2011 Goodwin Champions cards in today and we're not talking about the bugs. Stay tuned for a preview of these amazing cards!, Check out what happened when a fan in Lake Tahoe bet Michael Jordan that he couldn’t get on the green off the tee., 2011 All-Time Greats Basketball hits shelves this Friday and is a product like you've never seen before. Who do you think the All-Time Greatest Basketball players are?, Here's the set that Chuck Jones worked with Upper Deck on. Anyone remember this set???, For a box of 2011 Goodwin Champions, who is this personality signing for Upper Deck?, Here we go, for a box of 2011 Goodwin Champions, be the first to correctly identify the four individuals in these pictures., Put your thinking caps on, we have a giveaway coming up this hour for a box of 2011 Goodwin Champions!!! You will need to be first to answer a question to win it so you will need to be quick!, Just a head's up, due to some technical difficulties, our Customer Care group will be off the phones until tomorrow morning., Here's a fun idea of sharing that you had a baby with family and friends. Check this out from our good friend Ryan., How cool is this? Pretty different!, When you are traveling, what is your favorite trading card shop you have happened upon?, Here it is!!!, What do you think of the new Winnipeg Jets logo? Haven't seen it yet? Check out the link!, What is more confusing?, Upper Deck Launches 2010-11 Ultimate Collection Hockey, null, There are a variety of unannounced photo variations on the base cards in 2011 Goodwin Champions that are pretty difficult to pull. Have you happened upon any of them yet? We'll be sharing with you what those are soon, but you may want to go back through your base cards and see if you notice anything different about some of the cards. Maybe you pulled one!, Yesterday we talked about which Football players you think will have breakout seasons. Now let's look at the other side of the spectrum. Who do you think is do for a let down or is over hyped? In other words, which player's rookie cards should you move now???, It is really fun seeing all the great pulls from 10-11 NHL Ultimate. Show off your pulls on our wall!, It is great to be talking football again. Which player do you think will have a breakout season this year, meaning which player's rookie cards are you picking up now???, Check out the bugs, Joe Sakic's first live autograph cards and much more in this week's "Ask UD" segment!, Get creative and you could be on your way to Toronto next month, courtesy of UD!, The Goodwin Champions Entomology cards are being assembled right now by hand. They should be completed MUCH earlier than last year. Do you want to see some images of some of the first bugs???, Heading to Chicago for the National Sports Collectors Convention? Well so is Upper Deck! Check this out!!!, Get ready for Wednesday's arrival; this Marvel set is one for the record books!, It's not uncommon for collectors today to have a card, sell it and then pick it up again later. What is the most you have ever owned a particular card and which card was it?, Get em while they're hot!, A valiant effort by the American women. You made us all very proud, it was a great run!, Come on fans, they need you. USA!, USA is looking good in the World Cup Finals. Show off tour favorite Team USA Upper Deck women's soccer cards on our wall! We may just give you something for it!, null, We completed a pretty big signing clearing up a lot of outstanding redemptions with a Dr. J at the ESPY's yesterday, look for some images shortly. Additionally, Customer Care will be off the phones catching up on emails this afternoon. We will be back taking calls tomorrow morning., Congrats to the US Women's Soccer team on their Victory over France today! Make sure you take part in this EASY giveaway where you can get a special Abby Wambach promo card just for cheering on the ladies as they chase the World Cup!, Fantasy Hockey fans like the inside info Upper Deck can provide!, We are getting ready to talk puck in Toronto at the 2011 Upper Deck Hockey Summit. What release are you most excited to bust open for the 11-12 season???, We are running a summer promotion through our online store with different memorabilia items available each week for up to 40% off! Don't miss out on these scorching hot deals. Available while supplies last, many items are limited and will sell out!, How great was that game yesterday! Here's your chance to win some very cool collectibles of yesterday's hero Abby Wambach just for cheering on Team USA as they advance to face France on Wednesday!, Congratulations to Matt Mercado and Travis Craig on beings selected as our winners from the weekend contests! What do you say about another giveaway today? A giveaway where more than one person wins???, UD just inked a deal with Jimmer Fredette for autograph trading cards for the upcoming basketball season. We are very excited about working with this up and coming star!, In case you missed it Friday afternoon, check out these great updates and don't miss your chance to give us your feedback on what you would like to see from UD for the 2011-12 NHL season!, Here's the Jeter card up for grabs. We'll select winners this afternoon for this giveaway and the Goodwin Presidential Drawing giveaway. Thanks to everyone who participated and for those of you who haven't, there's still time!!!, Double giveaway weekend? Why not? We are giving away a beautifully painted custom card of Derek Jeter from our own favorite fan Ernest Hebert. Jeter hit his 3,000th hit today with a home-run in the third inning. Show off your favorite UD Jeter card here on our wall for a chance to win!, It's been awhile since we've done a giveaway on here don't you think? In honor of Upper Deck's 2011 Goodwin Champions release with Presidential Masterpiece cards, let's see how well you can draw a picture of a US President. Just draw any US President and post it here on our wall over the weekend. On Monday we will randomly draw one of the submissions to receive a box of 2011 Goodwin Champions., Lots to share in this week's "Ask UD" segment. Make sure to check it out, especially if you are a NHL fan so you can share your thoughts on the 2011-12 season!, It looks like Yao Ming has decided to call it quits by filing for retirement. We're going to miss this hardcourt giant. Yo! Show off your favorite UD Yao cards on our wall., How many of you have purchased through Pittsburgh Sportcards either in their store or online? Check out this piece on this Upper Deck Authorized Internet Retailer and your chance to win a Landon Donovan signed UDA blow-up card: http://upperdeckblog.com/2011/07/featured-retailers-pittsburgh-sportscards/, Check out this sweet collection of 2010 Exquisite Football cards!, After seeing the 2010-11 NHL The Cup cards a fan wrote, "Hmmm. Food or cards.... Tough call. Nice cards. I could lose a few pounds." We're not going to have a giveaway where we starve our fans, but we are curious if you feel like this fan does. Would you go three days without food to open up a pack of 2010-11 NHL The Cup?, Curious about what the best NHL set of the year looks like? Check this out: http://upperdeckblog.com/2011/07/light-the-lamp-the-cup-is-coming/, Our Customer Care group will be down for the rest of the afternoon catching up on emails received from during the move. In the meantime, get ready to check out some images of 2010-11 NHL The Cup right here very shortly!, If you build it, they will come!, Sweet designs, great painted cards, hard-signed autographs, ancient artifacts and yes, the dinosaurs are returning!!!, These NHL free agency moves are keeping our hockey team busy for 2011-12 hockey releases. Some members of our hockey team are convinced the Philadelphia Flyers are intentionally trying to ruin their lives as we scramble to update checklists..., Hey soccer fans: Get your kicks right here, courtesy of your pals at Upper Deck!, We hope everyone had a great Fourth of July. In honor of America's birthday, feel free to show off some UD cards with American flag patches on them! Let's see what you've got!, What's your favorite 2011 Goodwin Champions autograph card?, Have a great Fourth of July weekend fans! Make your way to a Certified Diamond Dealer this weekend and and celebrate the holiday opening some new packs! Thanks for all your support!, There is no shortage of "wow" cards in this release. Check it out for yourself!, Animal Kingdom patch cards in 2011 Goodwin Champions have different levels of scarcity. Check card back – the more rare the animal the more scarce the card., Check out some of the amazing works of Art that are available as redemptions in 2011 Goodwin Champions Baseball!, Who is busting 2011 Goodwin Champions? Show off what you are pulling on our wall here!, Ever get out to Los Angeles, CA? Make sure to check out Sports Source 2 in Studio City! Mike Ant has a beautiful store and always has a lot of cool things going on. Also, follow this link and make sure to "like" them on Facebook!, Upper Deck Customer Care is back on the phones today and tomorrow from 8:00AM PST - 12:00PM PST today and tomorrow. We will be back all day on Friday and going forward. Thank you for your patience with the move, we are loving our new corporate headquarters in Carlsbad, CA., Nice pulls on 2011 SP Legendary Cuts. These were pulled at Jason's in Baton Rouge, LA recently!, 2011 Upper Deck Goodwin Champions Baseball hits store shelves tomorrow. What component of the product are you most looking forward to???, With Winnipeg getting the Jets back, do you think that opens the door to more Canadian cities getting a NHL franchise? Which Canadian city do you think is next to get a NHL franchise and which team in the USA do you think they will take?, We have about 90% hard-signed autograph content in for 2010-11 NHL Ultimate Collection and we expect more to come in over the next couple weeks. Given that news, we plan to launch 2010-11 NHL Ultimate Collection on July 20th. Should be a great product!, Things are progressing very nicely with the move. Customer Care should be back online by Wednesday., Productive few days of moving. Thanks fans for your patience. Everything should be back up and back to normal by Tuesday or Wednesday., With the NBA Draft tonight, did you see any rookies you are excited to collect? And with a potential labor dispute in the NBA, will you still collect if there is no season next year?, Skinner's gonna need to remember, always carry an escape puck!, Pack wars with a young fan!, Congrats to Jeff Skinner on winning the Calder, enjoy some fun videos of our time with him this season!, Very important updates about our availability during the move and UD answers questions on redemptions. Make sure to check this out: http://upperdeckblog.com/2011/06/ask-ud-upper-deck-moving-preventing-redemptions-athlete-signings-schedules-and-replacements/, Want to go to the NHL Draft this weekend? Stop in at Three Star Sportscards today!!!, Have any of you out there been collecting the 2010-11 NHL Biography of a Season wrapper redemption set available at Certified Diamond Dealers throughout the US and Canada? Show off your favorite cards from this years set on our wall and one of you may just win a special hockey surprise..., Get to Minnesota this weekend folks! Plenty of UD action at the Xcel Energy Center!, Upper Deck Announces Plans for NHL Entry Draft!, What do you think? Is it time for Rory McIlroy golf cards? We are working on a new golf set and would love to have him involved. If you want Rory McIlroy trading cards, help us out by reaching out to him on Twitter and let him know you want to see him on a UD card. He's at @McIlroyRory!, Ask your Dad if he collected cards when he was younger today. Have him show you his collection if he still has one., And the winner is... Find out who won the UD Custom card contest!, In Minnesota? Make sure you like this page to find out all the details about the big 2011 NHL Draft giveaway this week!!!, Huge promotion taking place in Minnesota this week, check it out!, Two big announcements coming shortly for puck fans. We'll announce a very cool promotion around the NHL Draft and also announce the winner of the NHL custom card contest. Stay tuned!, Anyone seen NHL.com today?, We want to help a Certified Diamond Dealer out in South Florida. He's new to Facebook so let's show him how much the Upper Deck community appreciates him being here by liking his page! Just follow the link and hit "like." Thanks FB fans!!!, You won't want to miss out out on this baby...for just $19.99! Come and get it!, Congratulations to the Boston Bruins on bringing the Stanley Cup back to Beantown! Let's see some of your favorite Bruins cards from your collection., We think everyone in Boston should own one of these, after all, it's not everyday your team wins the Stanley Cup!, Pretty funny, poor Artest!, Don't miss out on Game 7 of the Stanley Cup Finals tonight. Even if you are not a hockey fan, you've got to watch. Check out why: http://upperdeckblog.com/2011/06/stanley-cup-don%E2%80%99t-miss-tonight%E2%80%99s-game-7/, Last shot to show off your custom cards! Don't miss this opportunity! Our design team will be reviewing all the submissions received. Remember the prize will given away at random. Show us what you've got: http://upperdeckblog.com/2011/06/show-off-your-custom-upper-deck-nhl-cards-win/, null, We just met with the logo himself; Jerry West. Look at these beautiful cards he signed for us!, Help us decide which UD staff member grew the best NHL Playoff beard!, 2011 Goodwin Champions Baseball will be releasing a week early on June 29. Take a look at some of the "Wow" factor in the product!, Father's Day is this weekend. Did your father collect cards? If so, did you inherit his collection or did your grandmother do the unthinkable to it???, Get to know our latest collector of the month, Kenney Der!, Congratulations to Ernest Lantto who pulled an amazing autograph card from 2011 SP Legendary Cuts Baseball at Stadium Cards. What a beauty!!!, Congrats to the Mavs on an amazing playoff run! Is this the last NBA game we've seen for awhile? Do you think there will be a season next year or a lockout?, Shot, score: Wednesday night was a good one if you are a Boston fan!, The checklist is live for Legendary Cuts if you haven't seen it yet!, When is the last time you opened a pack of Upper Deck cards? Is anyone opening packs right now???, Here's the next UD giveaway! Let's see those custom cards!, Are you ready for another giveaway? Look for details shortly on a contest to win a Tyler Seguin autographed hockey stick!, The NHL is back again in Winnipeg. What does that mean for collectors? Check this out: http://upperdeckblog.com/2011/06/the-nhl-is-back-again-in-winnipeg-and-gone-again-in-atlanta/, Check out this break!, Congrats to Tim Yount on being selected to receive the three boxes of new UD products. More giveaways coming up soon!, null, Reminder, you have until the end of the day to post an image of your giving an Upper Deck card away to a friend, family member or stranger. Just post an image to our wall of you giving the card away by today and you can take home a great prize potentially. Feel how nice it is to give and you could be selected to receive three boxes of new UD wax!, One thing we've learned by interacting more with fans is that it feels better to give than receive. We want you to feel that too. Give an Upper Deck card to a friend or even a total stranger in the next 24 hours and see how you feel. Post an image of you giving that card away right here to our wall and we will pick one of you at random to receive all three of these boxes! Share the hobby for your chance to win some new UD wax!, We will have three giveaways this week to thank our fans for your support. Note, one of the giveaways will take place on our Upper Deck Entertainment page so make sure you "like" that page if you haven't already. Another will be announced later on this week for a Tyler Seguin autographed full size stick. First up however is a giveaway for three boxes of new UD product. Details coming shortly!, Did you win the LeBron James signed game-used shoes? Take a look and see!, Did you see Upper Deck cards on NHL Live? Check this out from our Stanley Cup box set. Who will hoist the Cup???, Thanks to the collectors who put together these videos on our new distribution program!, We just shipped out three HUGE boxes of goodies for this event if you are in the Chicago area, don't miss out! Contact John Merkel at Elite Sports for more details at (773)784-1396., null, Stanley Cup Game 4: Boston Bruins Giveaway, Upper Deck has a special Bruins promo pack in store for all Game 4 attendees!, Plaxico Burress was released from jail today. Can he have a comeback similar to that of Michael Vick? Anyone still sitting on a lot of his cards or picking them up now in hopes he can shine again?, Check out this sweet Thomas Jefferson cut signature card pulled at Grand Slam Collectibles in West Islip, NY., What do you all collect besides trading cards if anything?, null, Ruth just got pulled in LA. Another customer chose another case over this one. There was also a Presidential Cut of Grover Cleveland in this case. Wow!!!, Lincoln just got pulled in Toronto!, Another cool promo pack giveaway by the hockey card leader., Show off your UD collection in BeckettMedia Lp's Supercollector spotlight!, Upper Deck Launches 2011 SP Legendary Cuts Baseball Set, Wow, what a game tonight! If you are not watching the Stanley Cup Finals, turn them on right now!, null, Will it be the Bruins or the Canucks who skate away with Lord Stanley's Cup?, Shaq just announced via Twitter that he will be retiring. Where does Shaq rank among the NBA's all-time greats?, Any collectors in LA going to make it out to The Card Connection tomorrow?!?!, With the Stanley Cup Finals set to start tonight, show off your favorite UD cards of the team you think will win it all right here on our wall. Especially those rookie cards!!!, Wondering what to expect from 2011 Goodwin Champions Baseball? Check out this sneak peek video to see some of the paintings used in the set, the Presidential Masterpieces cards and of course, the Entomology cards: http://upperdeckblog.com/2011/05/brag-video-a-sneak-peek-at-2011-goodwin-champions-baseball/, What sports will you be watching this long holiday weekend?, null, LBJ and D-Wade have made it back to the NBA Finals; now check out this cool catalog!, Congrats to Landon on being named to the U.S. National team's 23-man roster this week. Now check out his new video from Upper Deck!, Will marrying a celebrity like Kim Kardashian help the collectibles of Kris Humphries rebound? What do you think? Check this out: http://upperdeckblog.com/2011/05/does-a-marrying-a-celebrity-make-a-player-more-collectible/, How important is a preliminary checklist to you with regard to your decision on whether to purchase a product or not? We want to provide them more often, but they frequently change because we pull players out who do not sign in time for us to avoid putting more redemption cards in. Are you okay with seeing a preliminary checklist that changes to avoid a manufacturer using more redemptions?, Want to get a first look at some of the cards in 2011 SP Legendary Cuts? Well check this out: http://upperdeckblog.com/2011/05/brag-photo-baseball-is-back-at-upper-deck-here-come-the-cuts/, Who are the rookie running backs worthy of making an investment in this season? Read here for the inside skinny: http://upperdeckblog.com/2011/05/2011-nfl-draft-running-backs-run-amok/, We are running ahead of schedule on 2011 SP Legendary Cuts Baseball and will be delivering it early to our customers without any redemptions. Wanna see some of the cards???, We just got in some new boxes of products and we'd kind of like to give them away. What do you think?

So let's make a push for more fans to keep it fun an interactive on this page. You like Upper Deck, most likely your friends will too. Click on the "Suggest to Friends" tab on this page and recommend UD to some friends. When we get to 12,000 fans, we'll announce details on the giveaway! Thanks!!!, We are going to show off quite a few new products today right here. Stay tuned!!!, LeBron James remains the difference maker for Miami: http://upperdeckblog.com/2011/05/lebron-remains-the-difference-maker/, Click here to enter the LeBron James "Caption Contest" today: http://store.upperdeck.com/store/util/lebron_contest, The LeBron James Caption Contest is almost ready to unveil. Stay tuned for the landing page link where you can enter the contest and possibly be selected to win a pair of signed and game-used LeBron James Nike shoes!, Boston's Tyler Seguin is a star in the making. Make sure to watch tonight's game!, Did somebody say invest in football rookies? Read here before you do., A special Caption Writing Contest will be unveiled tomorrow for a chance to win these fine, autographed and game-used Nike kicks from LeBron James! Stay tuned., Tribute to one of the good guys: Harmon Killebrew., Get to know UD's new Customer Care Manager, Greg Cacioppo!, Saddened by the loss of Harmon Killebrew. A great friend to Upper Deck. Show off your favorite Killebrew cards on our wall today as a tribute to the legendary slugger!, null, This is one very cool piece of signed memorabilia from King James!, null, Check out Mike and Molly tonight where Upper Deck makes a cameo!, Who else out there thinks the whole Jorge Posada saga is being blown WAY out of proportion?, Ever thought about running on the field? Check out how this guy pulled it off without getting caught!, After Kevin Durant went off last night, we thought it would be appropriate to share the story again of a serious Durant collector from overseas. Any other Durant super collectors out there? Show off what you have on our Wall here!, Thanks to all our fans for your patience as we move facilities. Our Customer Care group will be back on the phones Monday to help out with any questions or issues you may have. Look for an all new "Ask UD" Blog post on Monday as well to go through some updates from this move and more! Have a great weekend!, Upper Deck Unveils Fifth NHL Rookie Video, null, It is Friday the 13th! Are you superstitious about opening packs today or do you think it is all a bunch of bologna? Do you have superstitions or rituals you follow when opening packs/boxes?, There is still plenty of basketball to be played, LeBron. Don't take your eyes off the end prize: http://upperdeckblog.com/2011/05/hey-lebron-stay-focused-big-guy/, What will happen in Game 7 between San Jose and Detroit this evening? , Check out this cool gallery and breakdown of top draft picks in Exquisite Football., Where do you keep your BEST cards?, We were very saddened to hear about the passing of Paul Carter at TCI Sports Fan in Dayton, OH. For any of you who have ever been to the shop, you know what a great community feel they have built there together. We have worked closely with them over the years on a variety of promotions to help bring collectors closer to the game. A sad day for the hobby., Besides posting images to our wall of your UD cards, did you know you can tag Upper Deck in your personal photos? Give it a try if you post pictures of your collection in your photo albums or if you get a big pull!, Today is National Eat Whatever You Want Day. So feel free to dine without a guilty conscience. Just keep the food away from the cards! What are your favorite indulgences when it comes to eating food at the ballpark or arena???, Have you heard about Upper Deck's new Marvel Ultimate Focus Panel cards featuring panels from actual vintage comics embedded in them? You have to see this: http://upperdeckblog.com/2011/05/classic-marvel-comics-meet-the-chopping-block-for-innovative-new-insert-set/comment-page-1/#comment-122197, What's your opinion of this year's NHL playoffs? Thumbs up or thumbs down?, A mid-afternoon laugh for our fans!, Everyone knows that it's not easy to pull a Michael Jordan autograph card. Perhaps nobody knows better than Ron Firestone. Take a look!, Check out this gutsy player: http://upperdeckblog.com/2011/05/rajon-rondo-could-be-called-hondo/, Nice performance by Justin Verlander with his second no hitter of his career today. Let's see some of your favorite Verlander UD cards. Show them off here on our wall!, Some good updates here for fans, make sure to check this out!!!, Fun story from a great fan!, Congrats to Jeremy Gray and Don Feenstra on being selected as winners for the NHL Expo "Priority Signings" promotion! Please email us at upperdeckmarketing@upperdeck.com with your address to claim your prize guys. Thanks to everyone who participated, it was fun to read what you pulled! Look for more giveaways soon!, Heading out to see Thor tomorrow? Check out this exclusive pre-review: http://upperdeckblog.com/2011/05/sneak-pre-review-of-marvel%E2%80%99s-thor/, Just a head's up, our Customer Care group will be off the phones preparing cards to be shipped to our new facility this week and early next week. We are available on email however and will also have staff reviewing Facebook & Twitter., For Mother's Day we would like to send a special thank you to all the moms who didn't throw your cards away! For those of you who did lose your cards, go ahead and share what happened right here. We want to see how many thousands of dollars in collectibles mom threw out. Think of it as online therapy. :), Last chance to get a free autograph card from the "Priority Signings" set, check it out: http://upperdeckblog.com/2011/05/sights-and-sounds-from-the-sports-card-collectibles-expo/, Congrats to Blake Griffin on winning the NBA Rookie of the Year! Do you think he should be considered a rookie?, Upper Deck Launches 2010-11 SP Authentic Basketball Set!, null, Do Rashard Mendenhall's tweets make you less interested in collecting his cards or do you not care about athletes actions as much off the field?, Is Derrick Rose a Momma's boy? Check out this link to find out and maybe you just might take home this card: http://upperdeckblog.com/2011/05/is-derrick-rose-a-momma%E2%80%99s-boy/, We are excited basketball fans seem to be enjoying SP Authentic! That's right, the product is live in stores now! Show off some of your pulls right here on our wall!, How long have you been collecting cards for? Do you still have any of your first trading cards?, Upper Deck Launches 2010-11 SP Authentic Hockey Set!, null, null, We have a couple Priority Signings autograph cards from the Sports Cards & Collectibles Expo in Toronto this weekend. What do you think, should we give them away to Facebook fans???, Upper Deck Authenticated staff will be busy at Tiger Jam in Las Vagas today while Upper Deck staff are gearing up for another day at the Sports Card and Collectibles Expo where autograph cards from Gretzky, Crosby, Orr and Howe were popping out of packs left and right yesterday!, Exciting draft so far look for the first rookie cards and autograph cards of almost all the top picks in 2011 UD Football! Who do you want your team to take next???, Upper Deck Releases 2011 Soccer Set Featuring Company’s Newest Spokesman: Landon Donovan!, Landon Donovan and Upper Deck make the bright lights of Broadway. Check it out: http://upperdeckblog.com/2011/04/landon-and-ud-make-the-bright-lights-of-broadway/, If you are heading to Toronto this weekend for the NHL Spring Expo, make sure to look for this logo from vendors you buy UD products from: http://upperdeckblog.com/2011/04/certified-diamond-dealers-gear-up-for-sports-cards-and-collectibles-expo-in-toronto/, Sweat city, but it's real, baby. Talk about the real deal; check this out., Check out the Top 10 reasons why you should visit the Sports Card & Collectibles Expo this weekend in Toronto!, Upper Deck's EVOLUTION continues to get media attention exposing new users to the hobby!, Make it a ‘Priority’ to Visit the UD Booth at the Sportscard & Collectibles Expo, Congrats to Emily Adcock on being selected to receive an Upper Deck Mail Day for our Easter giveaway yesterday. We will start selecting fans for the NHL Playoff promotion starting tomorrow, stay tuned!!!, Who is heading out to Toronto this weekend for the Sports Card & Memorabilia Expo? Upper Deck will be there! Look for details on our plans a little later on today!, What's on your mind?, Although we did this story as an April Fool's Day joke, it is Earth Day today sovereigns wanted to bring it up again. Would you ever consider buying a recycled trading card, as long as it looked better than this: http://upperdeckblog.com/2011/04/upper-deck-announces-a-revolutionary-new-%E2%80%9Cgreen%E2%80%9D-trading-card/, Let's get some kids involved in the hobby this Easter weekend. Put some UD packs in those Easter baskets! Kids love them and they don't cause cavities! Show off pictures of the kids with UD packs from the Easter baskets on our wall for your chance to get a special mail day from UD., Do you think the Cubs threw the 1918 World Series? Interesting story here alleging that perhaps they did., Busy day at a signing with our new spokesman, Landon Donovan. Make sure you are following @landondonovan on Twitter. Word is that he's about to giveaway some goodies from the signing today!, This is really cool, check out the Tiger Woods Masters worn memorabilia we recently got it: http://upperdeckblog.com/2011/04/brag-photo-tiger%E2%80%99s-masters-gear-arrives-at-upper-deck-headquarters/, 2010-11 NHL SP Authentic and 2011 Upper Deck Soccer both hit shelves today! Show off what you are pulling right here on our wall!!!, 2011 Upper Deck Football Brings You the Top Rookies Before They’re Drafted; Three Autographs per Box, null, Playoff hockey or playoff basketball?, Check out what we came upon as we clean out offices in preparation for our move., Congratulations to Ian Martin on being selected to receive the UD Black Box for the card stacking challenge. Thank you to all who participated, it was really fun to see! So are any of you going to give Bryan a run for his money on the Guinness Book of World Records for stacking?, Tune in tonight as Upper Deck's Chris Carlin talks about some upcoming products and programs that collectors should be excited about!, Four more Certified Diamond Dealers are taking part in this promotion. Is your shop one of them!?!?, It's your last chance to get stacking for your opportunity to take home a black box from the 2011 Las Vegas Industry Summit. Show us your creation today!!!, Looking for some free tickets to the Jordan Brand Classic this weekend? Make sure to check out our Featured Retailer!, Are any of you growing playoff hockey beards? We have a few people around the office doing so and we are very concerned to see how some of them are going to turn out..., Hockey fans, make sure to get your profile pic changed today and then follow directions from the blog on how to get some great prizes from your favorite team!, You really can't go wrong with an authentic signature from UDA!, Look at all these great NHL prizes up for grabs!!!, We are loving the cardstacking we have been seeing for giveaway Friday. If you missed that one, here's a link to it.

And for Hockey Fans, don't think we won't have a playoff hockey giveaway coming up soon. If your team is in the mix, you'll want to stay close to our facebook page today!, null, Any fans want to attend the Jordan Brand Classic at the Time Warner Cable Arena in North Carolina this Saturday? Leave a comment as to why you love MJ and we'll randomly pick some fans to award tickets to., We just finished a signing session with Paul Pierce so those of you waiting on redemptions for him can expect them this month! Good to get his sigs before the playoffs. Who thinks the Celtics are going to go all the way?, Has anyone pulled an EVOLUTION card yet from 2011 Upper Deck Football hitting today?, null, Want to get your hands on an Upper Deck Black Box from the 2011 Las Vegas Industry Summit??? Check this out!!!, Who is ready for a giveaway??? Stay tuned to the Upper Deck blog today for details. You'll need common Upper Deck cards, a digital camera or camera phone and patience..., Winners for the 5 Dual Autographed Tiger Woods and Michael Jordan World of Sport contest have just been announced. We had thousands of entries and only 5 lucky winners.  Congratulations to the winners! Everyone else that has entered and did not win, don't worry you will still have a chance at more prizes next week! Thank you for making World of Sport such a great success!! Hope everyone has a great weekend., Upper Deck announces the five random winners of the prestigious Tiger-Jordan, dual-signed cards from our 2011 World of Sports set! Congrats! http://upperdeckblog.com/2011/04/tiger-jordan-dual-signed-card-winners-announced/, It's a wrap; read all about it!, Check out our latest blog on Upper Deck's love for baseball: http://upperdeckblog.com/2011/04/baseball-always-been-there-and-always-will-be/, Upper Deck reminds you, make sure you are purchasing your new Upper Deck product through Certified Diamond Dealers or Authorized Internet Retailers. Make sure you read this post if you are purchasing new Upper Deck boxes or cases: http://upperdeckblog.com/2011/04/ask-ud-why-should-i-purchase-from-certified-diamond-dealers-and-authorized-internet-retailers/, So the million dollar question, do you think this wedding is still on schedule for today???, Which player from the tournament do you think has the most potential to be a hobby superstar???, Check out this gallery of amazing 2010 Exquisite Football cards., March may be over, but the Madness doesn't stop until tonight. Who do you think will take it all? Did any of you win your pools or was your bracket busted?, Check out two videos from this week's flurry of activity at Bracket Town in Houston. Nothing but net, baby!, Hear what the fans had to say about Upper Deck's latest product innovation!, null, Come out and see us in Houston this weekend. Watch the gang break it down at Bracket Town from so far at the show!, Have any of you seen some cool pack/case breaks of 2010 Exquisite Football on YouTube? If so, show some off here on our wall so fans can check them out!, Upper Deck is proud to unveil the world's first eco-friendly trading card set. Check out more details on 2011 Upper Deck Green Basketball: http://upperdeckblog.com/2011/04/upper-deck-announces-a-revolutionary-new-%E2%80%9Cgreen%E2%80%9D-trading-card/, Upper Deck Releases UNC Tar Heels Basketball Set; Salutes One of College Hoops Most Storied Programs, Check out the hard-working Upper Deck crew gathering sound bites at Bracket Town in Houston about our new Evolution video trading cards!, Check out Upper Deck's booth at Bracket Town in Houston this week. It's a Slam-Dunk: http://upperdeckblog.com/2011/03/bracket-town-upper-decks-in-houston-this-week/, With it being opening day, show of an Upper Deck Baseball card from a player on a team you think will go all the way this year. Post them right to our wall here!, Lots of excitement out there about the announcement that SP Legendary Cuts Baseball will be back this summer. The Presidential Emblem Cuts seem to be pretty interesting to fans. If you could pull a cut autograph of any of the 43 U.S. Presidents, who would it be?, null, null, It's baaaaaack!, The 2008-09 NHL Champ's T-Rex Tooth redemption card has expired, but has still not been claimed. We have made the decision to extend this redemption until it is claimed. It is truly an amazing card just waiting for someone out there to redeem. Will it be you???, Do you miss SP Legendary Cuts Baseball? We hope so because we are bringing it back in late June 2011. Look for some images later on today!!!, null, TV stations galore are visiting Upper Deck these days, all focused on finding out more about the company's new Evolution video trading cards!, Are any fans heading out to Houston for the Final Four? Upper Deck will have a booth at Bracket Town with all sorts of fun giveaways. Make sure to stop by if you will be out there!, $32,000? Wow!!!, March Redemption Madness! We've sleeved and packaged over 20 of these boxes filled with redemptions today., We're working overtime today, with about ten reps helping to package up and ship out redemptions. Upper Deck Mail Days are coming soon to those of you with outstanding redemptions in stock!, Is your bracket busted? Who do you like in the Elite 8 to go all the way?, Congratulations to Kellen Hansen and Travis Makuk on being selected to receive our two Upper Deck 2011 Las Vegas Industry Summit Black Boxes. It has been awesome to see all the hobby shops you all enjoy visiting and also seeing great places where someone may potentially open some shops. Thanks to everyone who participated and look for more giveaways right here very soon!, null, Check out Cal Bears star DeSean Jackson moonlighting from the NFL on the Jimmy Kimmel show. Also, look for his EVOLUTION video cards in 2011 Upper Deck Football on April 12!, Last chance to show off images of your favorite hobby shops. We'll be selecting a couple people to take home the UD Black Boxes from the Las Vegas Industry Conference later on today!, null, Upper Deck Unveils First-to-Market ‘Evolution’ Video Trading Cards, We are getting closer to sharing what Upper Deck EVOLUTION is. Can the Upper Deck interns shed some light on the subject? Check this out..., Upper Deck's UNC Basketball is arriving in stores today in time for March Madness. After Michael Jordan, who do you think the best Tarheel basketball player is of all-time?, Check out what happened at the 2011 Las Vegas Industry Summit and don't miss out on your chance to take home one of the special UD black boxes!!!, Here's some more shots of what people were pulling in Las Vegas!, Find out how you can take home one of these black boxes very shortly!, It’s Coming: The Next Evolution of Trading Cards Arrives on April 12, 2011, only from Upper Deck, Golf fans, tweet @bubbawatson to sign one of the blow-ups we sent him of his new Goodwin Champions cards and give it away to fans!!!, Well we did save a sealed pack from the Las Vegas Industry Summit for our Facebook fans, so stay tuned on how you can get it. The show was about helping hobby shops so we'll award this randomly to a fan who helps promote a hobby shop or shares details with us on where they want a shop (if they don't have one by them). Stay tuned for more details tomorrow. , Look at what Upper Deck is releasing on the eve of the Sweet 16. Talk about sweet timing, huh?, Exquisite packout is now complete! It's been fun everyone. Would love for you all to share your breaks with us and can't wait to see all your great pulls!, I know everyone likes the helmet pieces on the Rare Materials cards. Here's one of Brandon LaFell's., Ryan Mathews. Rare Materials 1/5. Helmet pieces on top. Patch pieces on bottom., null, Bo Knows. Last day of the Exquisite packout. Hope you all gave your orders in!, Shutting it down for the night. We'll leave you with Jerry Rice for the evening. Check back for the final day tomorrow!, Are there any 2 better QBs?  Good 'ol #7 and #8..., Congratulations to Michael Yeung, Matthew Gilman and Michael Gellis on being selected as winners of the 10,000 fan giveaway. Thanks to everyone who participated and look for more giveaways right here soon., Troy Aikman knows the nervousness that goes through you when you crack a box or case of Exquisite. I think he's sending everyone a message here!, How much do you think this card is worth?, Been a long day, but when you consistently see stuff like this Rookie Bookmarks card, it keeps you going..., By the way. This is what the front of the triple player book cards looks like..., Bosworth signed all his Auto-Biography cards twice. Autograph on the left and "the Boz" "Butkus 85-86" on the right., Toby's turn to show off his 1/1 Rookie Auto Patch!, Emmanuel Sanders. The next great Pittsburgh receiver?  Emmanuel was nice enough to post a pic of his Exquisite Auto Rookie Patch on his facebook page a couple weeks ago as he was signing his cards., Golden Domers!, Everyone likes seeing the 1/1s. Here's Ndamukong Suh!, Hall of Fame QB's!, Green Bay fans like Mr. Starks after his run through the playoffs?, LeGarrette Blount ended up with an impressive rookie campaign. Here's his rookie card., Troy Aikman Auto-Biography, Trade offs...you can pull the Armanti Edwards Rare Materials card shown previously with a stronger rookie auto patch, or you could pull this Dez Bryant Rare Materials with a weaker rookie auto patch. Which box do you prefer?, Say what you want about Armanti Edwards, but would you really be disappointed if this card was in your box?, Syracuse didn't fair too well in the tournament last night, but Mike Williams' 1/1 sure did!, If Charlie were here he'd say that Tim Tebow has Adonis DNA..., Anyone interested in seeing what Colt McCoy's 1 of 1 looks like?, Wake up everyone! The brothers Manning say good morning. Ready for another fun filled day of sharing some unbelievable hits that you'll all be able to pull when you open up your boxes of Exquisite!, We're shutting it down for the night but hope you'll be watching us tomorrow, like the Bearcat here on Mardy Gilyard's 1/1 rookie auto patch!, Winning!, We've had a lot of excitement about the 10,000 fan giveaway caption contest. We apologize for some fans who have been reaching put to other fans to vote for them. Please do not campaign for any votes. We will still reward the top vote getter with a prize, but award a 2nd and 3rd place prize as well., Someone asked about Dez Bryant?  He is live in the product!, Calling all Sooner fans!, Look for all new tri-fold book cards!, Someone asked about vets and retired guys in the Rare Materials. Yes, we've got them too!, Another example of the Rare Materials Cards. This one with helmet and patch pieces., Yes please..., The ramblin' wreck of Georgia Tech!  All the 1 of 1 Rookie Auto patches have sick patches!, Exquisite Rare Materials this year for the rookies feature helmet pieces and either jersey or patch pieces!, Any number collectors out there?  Here's the Aikman 8/10 Signature Jersey., Ummm...yes, Exquisite is Exquisite for a reason..., First out of the gate...who would be interested in a Bradford/Tebow?, Let's get thus party started!  2010 Exquisite packout begin....NOW!!, With baseball season fast approaching, I took my annual trek to Phoenix with my brothers. Good times., Attention football fans!  Exquisite football is packing out starting tomorrow afternoon!  Tune in here to get some sneak peaks at some of the amazing cards as we hand pack the product!, Will you go crazy like this to get your hands on EVOLUTION?, People want to know, what is Upper Deck's EVOLUTION? You'll all find out on 4/12/11 when 2011 Upper Deck Football hits stores., null, null, Post an image of an Upper Deck trading card with a clever caption for your chance to take home a box of World of Sports, a box of NHL UD2, an autographed Edmonton Oilers mini stick signed by Hall, Eberle and Paajarvi and an Upper Deck t-shirt! The person selected to receive these items will be the one who has the most likes on their photo/caption. We will select a winner Monday morning., Congratulations to Benn Mixer on winning a box of World of Sports for the caption giveaway from yesterday, thanks to everyone who participated!, Thanks to all our fans for helping us reach 10,000! Today we'll be giving away a box of World of Sports. For your chance to take this home, just add a caption to this card in the comment section below. Have fun with it, you can describe the scene or give a comment as to what you think the player is thinking or saying. Remember keep it clean!!! We'll select a winner randomly tomorrow and then start the giveaway where you provide the card image and caption, hope you've found some good ones! Thanks again fans!!!, Congrats to Daniel Vlosky on being selected to receive the box of World of Sports for the St. Patty's Day Giveaway. Look for the caption giveaway soon!, We'll post the caption giveaway later on today, but now to celebrate St. Patrick's Day, post an image of a UD card from any year or any sport with a player wearing green. We'll randomly select one person who posts an image at 3:00PM Pacific today to receive a box of World of Sports. Then we'll get underway with the caption giveaway!, Congratulations to Mike Large on taking home the Hall, Eberle and Paajarvi signed Oilers mini-stick from yesterdays 10,000 fan giveaway. Look for a new caption contest today. And remember, for tomorrow caption contest YOU will need to provide the trading card and the caption. The winner tomorrow will get some GREAT prizes! Don't post them until we say so however., March Madness starts today! Who is in your Final Four???, We've got March Madness here at UD to celebrate we are shipping out the highly anticipated North Carolina Basketball product now!

The most storied program in the history of College Basketball gets its first ever Upper Deck Set designed to highlight and pay homage to North Carolina’s illustrious basketball history.  Celebrate over 100 years of North Carolina Basketball with stars like Michael Jordan, Kenny Smith, Phil Ford, George Lynch, Ty Lawson, Eric Montross, and more!

Regular Set:
Regular Cards (100)
Rivalries (20)
All Americans (20)
The Carolina Basketball Museum (20)
Timelines (20)
The Jordan Years (20)

Break Summary: (on average)
Get one (1) Autograph from a North Carolina Legend per box!
One (1) Insert in every pack!
Collect two (2) 3D Lenticular Cards per box!  Including:
UNC Legendary Numbers
UNC Dream Team

Hobby Configuration:
8 cards per pack
24 packs per box

Highlights:
Collect 3D Lenticular Cards!
Look for 1 of 1 Jordan Autographs!

Arriving in stores early next week!!!

NO REDEMPTIONS!!! MICHAEL JORDAN AUTOGRAPHS ARE HARD-SIGNED!!!, We will have another caption giveaway tomorrow, but for Friday's giveaway, which will be a BIG giveaway, you'll want to find your own Upper Deck card image that you can provide a funny caption for. So take some time to go through your collection and look for some cards that have good images to use as the most popular card with caption on Friday will take home some great UD items!!!, null, We think he meant Michelin Man..., Thanks to all our fans for helping us reach 10,000! Today we'll be giving away an Edmonton Oilers mini stick signed by Tyalor Hall, Jordan Eberle and Magnus Paajarvi. For your chance to take this home, just add a caption to this card in the comment section below. Have fun with it, you can describe the scene or give a comment as to what you think the player is thinking or saying. Remember keep it clean!!! We'll select a winner randomly tomorrow and then post another card to give a caption to! Thanks again fans!!!, Congratulations to Gordon Yet on being selected to receive the 10,000 number marks cards for yesterday's caption promotion. Look for a new card today! It will be a hockey card and a hockey prize so get ready puck fans!, We just got these beautiful cards back in that will be included in 2010-11 SP Authentic Basketball. MJ and LeBron. Hard-Signed. Just 10 total copies. Now this will be a great pull!, We had a nice surprise visit from one of our favorite hobby shops today, Cecil and Dolores Laborde (middle) from Jason's Sportscards in Baton Rouge, Louisiana. If you are ever out that way, make it a point to stop in, they are great people!, Thanks to all our fans for helping us reach 10,000! We'll be giving away a different item each day this week to celebrate this milestone. Today we'll be giving away the number marks cards that spell out 10,000 that you've probably seen here: http://www.facebook.com/album.php?id=61698633950&aid=113422#!/photo.php?fbid=10150104780468951&set=a.133739748950.113422.61698633950&theater

For your chance to take these home, just add a caption to this card in the comment section below. Have fun with it, you can describe the scene or give a comment as to what you think the coach is thinking or saying. Remember keep it clean!!! We'll select a winner randomly tomorrow and then post another card to give a caption to! Thanks again fans!!!, When we do get to 10,000 fans, we will have a variety of giveaways throughout the week. Hopefully we get there today so we can start right away. Here's how it will work, we'll post a card image and you provide a caption for it in the comment section. We will randomly select one caption each day to win a different prize., Check out this exclusive interview with Lynne LePlaca of UltraPRO!, It's bracket time!!! Have you filled your brackets out yet? Who are your sure fire bracket busters and upsets???, Anyone want to take a look at some of the new 2011 Goodwin Champions cards???, This one goes out to Michael Useted. Just got these back in this week. You've got one on its way to you very soon. We hope it makes a nice addition to your collection!, Why is Customer Care off the phones today? Because we are going all hands on deck to get out the Be-A-Player Rookie Redemptions and to get started on the Champ's Museum Pieces. Take a look at what we've got ready to go out just from this morning. Lots of UD mail days coming your way. Hoping to get Artifacts in soon as well! We'll be back on the phones Monday!, Will today be the day we reach 10,000 fans? Thanks to all of our fans for your support and feedback throughout the years. We're looking forward to the 10,000 fan giveaway, we're just wondering when it will happen... Make sure to click the "Suggest to Friends" icon on the top right to help us get their quicker!, If you like dunks, check this kid out., Say it ain't so, LeBron, D-Wade and Chris Bosh. , Exquisite Collection Football is back! Check out the full story with card gallery: http://upperdeckblog.com/2011/03/brag-photo-exquisite-collection-football-is-back/, Two boxes of Upper Deck's World of Sports will also be added to the mix for our 10,000 fan giveaway. If you take one of them home, you can use the box top to try to win the Tiger/Jordan dual autograph card. What are you waiting for, suggest this page to your friends!, We are very proud of the community we have been able to get together here on Facebook. While we feel quality is more important than quantity, it is still exciting that we are on the verge of hitting 10,000 fans and we are sure there are plenty of other Upper Deck fans out there. This is one of the items we'll give out at 10,000. So "Suggest" this page to your friends who might enjoy the sports content we provide here!, March Madness is coming!!! Where are you planning to watch the games for the first weekend?, We are starting to get in some of the specimens for the 2011 Upper Deck Goodwin Champions Entomology cards. This years bugs are extra specially creepy and crawly. Some staff won't even go near the area where they are going through them right now..., We are currently experiencing technical difficulties and our phone system is down. We will post an update when the system is restored. Thank you for your patience!, The Miami Heat have lost three games in a row and four of their last five. Should LeBron, D-Wade and company be overly concerned?, Congrats to Travis Craig for being selected to take home the Corey Haim autograph card! Give it a good home Travis!, SP Authentic Football has been live for a couple days now, show off some of the cards you've been pulling here fans!, We just got the Champ's Museum Pieces in. They look really good. We'll try to get some photos up later on this afternoon or tomorrow., We've got a great edition of Ask UD this week, check it out!, Ever make it up to Calgary, AB? You have to visit Maple Leaf Sports. Check it out: http://upperdeckblog.com/2011/03/featured-retailers-maple-leaf-sports/, Unbelievapull!!!, Corey Haim was snubbed at the Oscars during the Memoriam portion of the show. UD gives Haim fans the opportunity to take home a signature of the deceased actor: http://upperdeckblog.com/2011/03/corey-haim-snubbed-at-the-oscars/, null, Fans of Team Canada can look for a couple very unique inserts in 2010-11 NHL SP Authentic. Check it out: http://upperdeckblog.com/2011/03/team-canada-surprises-waiting-for-collectors-in-2010-11-nhl-sp-authentic/, Check out Jeffrey Griffith's amazing Gretzky collection: http://upperdeckblog.com/2011/02/collector-of-the-month-%E2%80%93-jeffrey-griffith/, You thought your fantasy football league was tough? Check this out!, Upper Deck reveals the short print list in 2011 World of Sports. Check it out here: http://upperdeckblog.com/2011/02/short-prints-revealed-in-2011-upper-deck-world-of-sports/, We were so saddened to hear about the passing of Duke Snider. RIP Duke, you were amazing!, Paula's Sports Cards Etc in Hawaii has been having a LOT of luck with 2011 Upper Deck World of Sports. Check it out: http://upperdeckblog.com/2011/02/brag-photo-paulas-sports-cards-in-hawaii-loves-world-of-sports/, null, Been wondering what it is like to open a box of 2011 Upper Deck World of Sports? Check it out!, Some positive news in the world of redemptions, Vince Carter signed this week, Oscar Robertson signed a variety of cards we had to have reprinted and the Champ's Museum Pieces have been completed and are shipping to us. We'll post images of the completed cards when they arrive at headquarters later on next week!, 'Melo to the Knicks: Does anybody care? Will it make a difference? Thoughts?, Thanks to all our fans who participated in the Hockey Day in America Giveaway!, Sometimes kids take trades the hardest..., Congrats to VOTC and Boyd Zacher on being selected to receive a box of 2010-11 NHL SPx for the Hockey Day in the USA giveaway. Look for many of those pictures on our blog today. Thanks to everyone who participated and look for more fun giveaways right here!, Well we didn't get quite where we wanted, but we'll still do a giveaway today for US and Canadian puck fans. Just take a picture of you or your family in front of the tv watching hockey today for your chance to win. Add comments as to who you are rooting for., Maybe if enough Upper Deck fans in the US promise to tune in tomorrow, we might be inclined to do a cool giveaway. After all, everyone in Canada got free cards last weekend. What do you say Americans, will you watch?, Tomorrow is the first-ever Hockey Day in America. Make sure to check out a full slate of NHL action on NBC tomorrow leading up to the Heritage Classic!, null, Check out this interview with Jake Locker where he speculates what the new evolution of trading card will be in 2011 Upper Deck Football., null, null, Upper Deck Series Two Hockey Brings More Young Guns, Canadian World Juniors to 20th Anniversary Variations, null, Check this out. In a word: Wow!, Check out how this contest winner did the Super Bowl., Check out all the fun from the 2011 National Hockey Card Day event: http://upperdeckblog.com/2011/02/a-photo-retrospective-of-2011-national-hockey-card-day/, This Valentines Day, share with us what you love most about the hobby of collecting trading cards., Big news for National Hockey Card Day tomorrow. Also, look for some great giveaways right here later on next week for hockey fans in the states!!!, Beckett is putting on a VERY easy promotion to win an awesome NHL item to help us promote National Hockey Card Day tomorrow. Make sure to take part in it!, null, What does everyone think of the new Beckett.com?, null, Big news, Jerry Sloan stepping down in Utah..., It's another edition of "Ask UD!" Check it out!, If you are planning on participating in National Hockey Card Day this weekend, make sure you "like" this page. We will be giving away a variety of great prizes here this weekend to those of you who show off the cards you pick up on Saturday. Hint: Get a digital camera ready to upload some pictures..., Don't toss out those empty boxes of 2011 Upper Deck World of Sports, they may just get you a Tiger Woods/Michael Jordan dual autograph numbered to five. Check out the Upper Deck Blog for more details!, Take a look at Upper Deck's newest video!, Want to take this card home? Here's your chance to own one of the five that were produced: http://upperdeckblog.com/2011/02/love-mj-tiger-save-those-box-tops/, Upper Deck Unveils ‘World of Sports’ Set; Autographs Abound from NCAA Basketball Coaches, We are going to have a couple different blog features of how different people enjoyed the Super Bowl. How did you enjoy the big game? Did you watch with friends? Let us know!, Live in the North East and a little disappointed you can't take part in National Hockey Card Day? Never fear, Upper Deck is here and we've got a great program for you with TONS of awesome NHL prizes. Check this out!!!, Is now the time to move your Aaron Rodgers cards and memorabilia or do you think this is just the beginning for the Packers???, Congratulations to Kerry Outen on taking home the NFL Rookie Football. Thanks to everyone who participated in the SBXLV giveaway., Looks like that Terry guy from UD had it right on the money. The Packers - and Aaron Rodgers - emerged victorious in Big D. Congrats to the Pack., null, Okay, a 2010 signed Rookie Premier football is up for grabs for a fun Super Bowl giveaway. Just make your Facebook profile picture your favorite Upper Deck Football card for the weekend and post a comment right here with what you think the final score will be of the Super Bowl. The first person to guess correctly with their profile pic a UD card will win the football. Good luck!, UD's Chris Carlin is out in Dallas and is FREEZING. He's got a signed rookie football that he was going to give away through Beckett today, but the weather is so bad they were closed today. Should he give it away through Facebook???, null, Read all about it: There was plenty of action at the Upper Deck booth last weekend!, We are loving the posts we are seeing of the new SPx hockey hitting this week. Keep em coming and check them out on our Wall., It's a little hard to run athlete pack wars with kids when there are so many flashbulbs going off... Our two young contestants got a bit overwhelmed., Check out Jeff Skinner answering some of your questions at the NHL All-Star Fan Fair last weekend. Check out his fans in the background..., Check out a behind-the-scenes look at all how UD gets NHL athletes to sign during All-Star Weekend. Did any of your favorites sign? Take a look and see!, Who was Taylor Hall looking to hit the ice with? Alexander Ovechkin is the correct answer! Congratulations to Todd Murphy on being selected as the winner of the Taylor Hall mini-stick. Thanks to everyone who participated and look for more great giveaways right here!, Upper Deck Launches 2010-11 SPx Hockey; Beautiful Shadowbox Cards Return for Year No. 2!, Check out this special sneak peek of Upper Deck's 2011 World of Sport set: http://upperdeckblog.com/2011/02/brag-photo-of-the-week-2011-upper-deck-world-of-sport/, Since nobody guessed Patrick Sharp would win the NHL All-Star MVP, we didn't have a winner for the Taylor Hall Autographed Mini-Stick. So we're going to let Taylor Hall help us out here. We asked Taylor who he was most excited to get on the ice with for the All-Star game. Post an Upper Deck card image of the player you think he'd say., Ever wonder what it is like to collect overseas? Check out the story of Alexander Sipos, a Kevin Durant collector living in Germany., Keep your eyes peeled for Bubba Watson's first Upper Deck trading card! Congrats to Bubba!, Let them play! Let them play! Let them play!!!, The Upper Deck NHL Team Pack Giveaway kicks off tomorrow night in Toronto! Check our discussions tab to see when your local NHL team will be giving out FREE hockey cards at an umpcoming home game!, It's time for an All-Star giveaway for our weekend warriors! For an autographed Taylor Hall mini-stick, post an Upper Deck card image of the player you think will be named the 2011 NHL All-Star MVP to our Wall. You can only post one player image and they must be posted by the start of the game. For those who are correct, we will randomly draw for a winner Monday. Good luck!, We seldom do weekend giveaways, but we're in an All-Star state of mind. Are there enough hockey fans online this weekend to participate?, Check out these AMAZING Tiger Woods cards! If you're a fan of his, leave a comment on the blog as to why you love to watch him play for your opportunity to get a FREE calendar featuring Tiger., Fans watch on as Jeff Skinner gives a young fan a well deserved high five., It's officially getting crazy at the NHL All-Star Fan Fair event in Raleigh, NC. While signing FREE autos, a young lady just asked Jeff Skinner to Prom..., Here's some more happy fans!!!, Some very happy Carolina fans after getting a signature from Jeff Skinner courtesy of Upper Deck., Tiger Woods just signed his 2009-10 NHL The Cup Retro Rookie Patch redemption cards and they came out amazing! Only five of the ten have been redeemed so far so there are still FIVE more waiting to get to collectors. We'll be mailing these first five out shortly...

Want to see all ten of these Tiger cards? Check out the Upper Deck Blog later on today!, Remember when we said in the blog that it would be busy at the Upper Deck Booth today for the NHL Fan Fair? Well we weren't kidding!, null, null, Got questions for NHL rookies Taylor Hall and Jeff Skinner? Let em rip in the comment section below. We'll ask these two young guns when we have our signing with them this weekend!, We are shutting down the phones for the afternoon so we can have all hands on deck to help get out some recent redemption cards received in. To keep you all entertained while we work on getting out these cards we are going to have a little scavenger hunt. Hidden somewhere in the stories found in Upper Deck's Company news are THREE secret redemption codes that you can claim for recent autograph cards. Good luck!!!, Did any of you catch the performance of Jimmer Fredette of BYU last night putting up 43 against San Diego State? We are chomping at the bit to make cards of this kid. A very impressive young player., You got questions? We've got answers. Check out the "Ask UD" piece for this week from our Customer Care Manager., Happy birthday to the Great One, Wayne Gretzky. In honor of his 50th birthday, show off your favorite Wayne Gretzky UD cards here on our Wall. Let's see em!, This would be one cool signature to get. No doubt about it., Wow, you gotta see this kid play basketball. At this rate, we'll be making cards of him very soon!!!, Tonight is the State of the Union Address by President Obama where he will go through some ideas and initiatives designed to hopefully make America stronger. So we're going to do a fun giveaway around that. We have a variety of one-of-one plate cards featuring different American political figures up for grabs.

Your job is to leave a comment right here where you channel your inner Obama and share your idea to make the hobby of card collecting stronger. Give a well thought out idea and at the end share which political figure card you would like. We'll select the best ideas to receive those cards tomorrow morning.

For example you might say, "My initiative to make the hobby great would be to create a product called 'Upper Deck No Redemption' where there are no redemption cards in the packs - Condolezza Rice" If we picked you, you would get a Condolezza Rice printing plate card.

It should go without saying, but inappropriate responses will be removed. Let's try to keep it positive. We're listening and hoping to get some good responses that we can actually use., You know what we're in the mood for? A giveaway... A printing plate giveaway... Look for details soon!!!, If you could ask a question to Ultra Pro, one of the leading companies that produces collectible supplies like soft sleeves, toploaders, etc., what would you ask?, Check out our interview with Mike Wallace of the Pittsburgh Steelers back when he was a rookie., Did any of you spend last night or this morning going through your 2008 SP Authentic commons looking for one of these?, Let's see your favorite Green Bay and Pittsburgh Upper Deck cards! Post them right here to our wall!, Which two teams will meet in the Super Bowl???, null, Great story! Have you ever sold off any of your cards or memorabilia for a good cause?, Check out this essay on why Aaron Rodgers will lead the Packers to victory in Super Bowl XLV: http://upperdeckblog.com/2011/01/aaron-rodgers-the-man-with-the-golden-arm/, Congratulations to Steve Fisher and the SDSU Men's Aztecs on being the first NCAA team to twenty wins. Look for Steve's first UD cards in World of Sports arriving on February 8, 2011!, Upper Deck's World of Sports set will hit shelves on February 8 and will have ZERO redemptions. All autograph content will be live in the product!, Love jersey cards, patch cards and autographs? So does our Collector of the Month! Check this out!!!, Upper Deck Announces Wrapper Redemption Details for 2011 NHL® All-Star Fan Fair!, Are you following college basketball now, or do you wait for the conference tournaments and the start of March Madness? If you are following, who do you like?, Upper Deck's Customer Care Manager shares some of the questions he's hearing in a new Blog feature. Check it out!, Your favorite Upper Deck card from a sport you don't normally collect is..., If the 2009 NFL Draft took place today and your team needed a quarterback, would you take Matthew Stafford, Josh Freeman or Mark Sanchez?, Want to grab a sweet new UDA calendar? Head on over to the UDA facebook page for your opportunity to get one for FREE! http://www.facebook.com/UDAuthenticated, Congratulations to Ernie Villalobos for being selected as our random winner for the MLK Day Giveaway! Look for more fun giveaways here soon!, Let's do a special MLK Day Giveaway! Post an image of your favorite African-American player's Upper Deck card and we'll randomly select one of your to receive a special UD Mail Day tomorrow! Just post an image of them right here to our wall. And thank you Martin Luther King Jr. for helping to make the world a better place., If you don't have plans tonight, tune into Card Corner Club Radio!!!, We loved this one. This young man opens a pack of OPC Premier on an outdoor hockey rink and pulls a great card. A true Winter Classic!, When it comes to a different type of box break, this one is hard to beat. She's playing BINGO while opening UD Hockey. We just got worried she was going to miss out on a BINGO!, Earlier this year we encouraged you to make some different box break videos. Well you have. We'll be showing some of the first ones we received off here shortly. Stay tuned and please note, one does have stronger language., Want to take home one of the new 2011 UDA calendars for FREE? Check out the UDA facebook page for details. We'll be giving them out every day for the next week., Anyone in NY seen this cover today? Can the Jets and their rebellion topple the mighty Patriots empire?, Check out these cool signatures from one of the coolest athletes on the planet, LeBron James., If I opened a trading card store, the thing I would do differently from everyone else would be..., Interested in scoring one of the new 2011 UDA calendars? First thing you need to do is "Like" the Upper Deck Authenticated page: www.facebook.com/UDAuthenticated. More details on how you can score one will be revealed there tomorrow!, Hey UD fans, gonna be in Tampa Bay on 2/8? We will be passing out free cards featuring your favorite Lightning players at the game! Our friends at the Lightning have provided a code for discounted tickets to the game just for fans of Upper Deck! Go to the link and use offer code "upperdeck" to get your tickets!, Check out this auction!, null, We hope everything is okay with Frank, he's a dear friend and great man!, Interesting story!, Congratulations to Chris Stupnik on being selected to receive the Jordan Eberle signed mini-stick for posting UD card images to player's fan pages. If you are fans of players, make sure to post some of your favorite UD cards to their pages. Many other fans haven't seen autographed and game-used cards before and it's a great way to share how far the hobby has evolved.

Also - Happy Birthday to Kheva Edwards!!!, We just announced a pretty easy giveaway where you can get a Jordan Eberle signed UDA NHL Mini-Stick. Check out our wall photos for more details and good luck!, You'll need to have a few images of some of your favorite Upper Deck NHL cards to participate. You will then need to "Search" for the fan pages on facebook of three of your favorite players. "Like" those pages and then post images of your favorite UD cards of those players to their walls or fan photos pages. Include a fun addition like, "Collect the best, collect Upper Deck." Report in the comment section BELOW which three players pages you posted on and you'll be in for the giveaway. One person at random will be selected to take home this Jordan Eberle UDA signed NHL mini-stick. Good Luck!, Who is ready for a BIG NHL giveaway??? Should we give away an autograph from Jordan Eberle or Taylor Hall???, NHL All-Star rosters have been announced. Who do you think go snubbed?, Congratulations to all the winners from the 2010-11 NHL Upper Deck Retro Collect the Set & Win promotion!!!, Upper Deck Releases 2010-11 SP Game-Used Hockey Set!, The Oregon Ducks or the Auburn Tigers tonight? Who will take the National Championship? Which players will go on to be the most collectible?, We just got in the last 2010-11 NHL UD1 Retro Set. All the prizes have now been awarded. Thanks to everyone who took part in this promotion!, Don't bust & drive!!!, Hockey collectors, explain to non-hockey collectors what they are missing by not opening a few packs of UD hockey this season. Share with them why they should at least look at collecting some sets, players or teams that you feel passionately about., Andrew Luck made a big decision today choosing to go the way of Mike Brady the architect instead of Tom Brady the NFL QB. Was he right?, Talk about a memorable day! This nine-year-old really scored over the holidays!, The Winter Classic was great and the UD Stick Kid had a wonderful time. Turn to page 2 of this story and read. You'll find there are two errors in the story. Be the first to post EXACTLY what the two errors are in the comment section here and you'll receive the two cards up for grabs. The errors are only on page 2. Good luck!, Who thinks they are an excellent proof reader? That's right, it's time for another giveaway. If you think you've got an eagle eye and you know your hockey, get ready as we're going to have a proof reading contest coming up in just 15 minutes!!! Right here!, Check out this spotlight on one of our hobby retailers!, If you would have won the Mega Millions lottery last night, which Upper Deck card/sets would you have made sure to add to your collection with your new found wealth?, The codes for the scavenger hunt have all been claimed now. You guys are quick! Thanks for taking part and working with us through the technical issues we experienced. Look for more fun giveaways right here coming soon!, Two codes were placed on two different athlete fan pages. We posted them to the photo sections of these players. You will need to scroll the comments in their photo galleries to find them. Once you find the code, redeem it immediately. We will provide hints right here until they are both claimed., The Hockey code was found in the Upper Deck Blog Post for Karine Hains, our Collector of the Month. The Basketball code was not found and was removed from the blog. The Basketball code and a new Hockey code have been placed out on facebook page somewhere. Stay tuned for more clues on how to track them down..., Change of plans. Due to capacity issues, we'll be hiding the codes somewhere else on facebook, BUT not on this page. Stay tuned for details shortly!, This Scavenger Hunt will not be easy. Since we started the UD Blog almost 2 years ago, we have posted over 500 stories. Hidden somewhere in the body of these 500+ stories is a call out that says (BE THE FIRST TO REDEEM THIS CARD AND IT IS YOURS! [Card information and code will appear here]). All you need to do is go through the stories, try to find the code and redeem it on UpperDeck.com., Tyler Seguin Stars in Upper Deck NHL Video, Who likes Scavenger Hunts? We've pulled a couple redemption cards here for cards that are in house and thought it would be fun to hide the codes somewhere online where the first person to find them and redeem them, gets them. Anyone interested in playing!?!?, Check out the Upper Deck Blog for our latest giveaway. Make a different type of Upper Deck pack or box break video and you could end up with an Upper Deck mailday!, Looking for a FREE Upper Deck mailday? Just make a different type of pack/box break video this month and show us!, Is Alex Ovechkin really a Russian spy? ESPN investigates..., What does everyone think of these custom cards? Do any of you ever design your own trading cards?, Interesting piece on the signatures of the 2011 Draft Class. Which new rookies are you most looking forward to collecting next season???, Tom Brady's my pick for NFL MVP. What about you? http://upperdeckblog.com/2011/01/tom-brady-shoo-in-for-nfl-mvp/, Love making pack and box break videos? We'll have a cool giveaway that we are announcing tomorrow for those of you that do. Stay tuned!, null, Check out these cool custom cards designed by Sergio Dubois., Which stand out rookie rb from yesterday's games do you think has the brightest future? Joe McKnight from the Jets or Ryan Mathews of the Chargers?, Upper Deck to Increase Level of Participation for 2011 Las Vegas Collectibles Industry Summit, Here's a little something to get you ready for the Winter Classic. We'll be providing updates live from the event on Twitter in particular, rain or snow!, Let's see if we can get the great Kenny Powers to respond to us? It's Danny McBride's birthday today who plays Kenny Powers on the HBO show. For those of you on Twitter old enough to watch, search for Kenny Powers and tell him you want to see him on an @UpperDeckSports card. We'll be watching and may have a prize or two up for grabs for those that tweet at him. Have fun with it!, null, Very entertaining story about leveraging his collection and his relationship with his wife. Any tips for Amar to allow him to keep his quest going?, Thanks to everyone who participated in the box break giveaway. We loved checking out all those videos. Congratulations to Cindy-lee Van Bruchem, Kenny Der and Jonathan Caron who were randomly selected to receive a box of cards. Look for more giveaways soon and also we’ll be profiling some of these breaks in our blog soon as well. Thanks!, We want to see the best Upper Deck or Fleer box/pack breaks of the year. Post links to your favorite UD/Fleer breaks from YouTube to our wall and we'll randomly select THREE of you to receive a free box of Upper Deck cards. The videos must have posted in 2010! We'll select prize recipients tomorrow so get looking and post ASAP., Who's in the mood for a giveaway??? Should we make it easy or hard? One prize or multiple prizes?, null, What will happen if there is rain this weekend for the Winter Classic??? Check this out!, How many of you are on Twitter? What are your usernames? We want to follow you or fans! UD has three Twitter accounts; UpperDeckSports for all news and info, UpperDeckHockey for NHL only and UpperDeckBlog for the latest stories from our blog., Merry Christmas to all our loyal fans. Did you get any UD for the holidays? Let's see!!!, null, null, Besides the Volunteer Alliance, UD has another program for the top collectors in the US, Canada and Japan. Are you the best customer for your hobby shop? If so, e-mail us your application for admission directly at UpperDeckMarketing@upperdeck.com today! New Diamond Club members will be added for 2011., As you race to finish your holiday shopping remember, there is no better stocking stuffer than UD packs!, Who do you think will end up taking home the Calder?, Which hobby shops do you think have the best facebook pages? Share some links on our wall so our fans can check them out!, Great story about a young man we are sending to the Winter Classic!, What's been your favorite Upper Deck release of 2010?, THOR's hammer could leave a serious mark. What would you do with it?, For our fans who play fantasy football, how'd you end up doing this season? Do you play other fantasy sports as well like for NHL, MLB or NBA?, Do you love checking out amazing Upper Deck Authenticated memorabilia from our stable of top tier athletes? Then you'll definitely want to become a fan of the Upper Deck Authenticated facebook page. Additionally, fans will have an opportunity to get the new 2011 Upper Deck Authenticated calendar free! So make sure you "like" that page today!, Let's do another game of fill in the blank! "The best trade I ever made was...", Congratulations to Lenny Polippo, Jenna Pulice and Craig Hossack who were randomly selected to receive our prizes for the Christmas tree card picture giveaway. Thanks to everyone who participated. Look for more great holiday giveaways right here!, Yep, probably time to go through your old boxes and see if you've got one of these..., null, Do you want to have a mailday like this from Upper Deck? Show off those pictures of your favorite card in front of the Christmas tree!, null, Thanks to everyone who suggested our page to your fb friends. Let's celebrate getting to 8500 "likes" by giving away one of our 2010 NFL Rookie autographed football helmets AND two boxes of 2010-11 NHL Artifacts randomly to our fb fans who post an image of their favorite trading card by a Christmas tree between now and Monday morning. Let's see them!!!, This could be just the prize that a hockey fan is looking for this holiday season., Bob Feller was a real American hero. His life was truly one worth living., Check out this auction. Wow....., We'd like to get to 8500 fans today. You gotta have goals right? Suggest our page to your friends who love sports. If we get there, we'll have some REALLY great weekend giveaways. If we get to 8600, watch out, you're in store for an awesome weekend. Just click on the "Suggest to Friends" tab beneath our logo., A lot of staff here are walking with their heads hanging low today. So sad to lose a legend and just an all-around great guy like Bob Feller. He was a pleasure to work with and our thoughts and prayers go out to his family. If Heaven was looking for a starting pitcher, they called up a great one., Congratulations to Matthew Rader, Kurt Miller and Matt Cochrun who were randomly selected to receive our SPx Football gifts. Thanks to everyone who participated in the Naughty or Nice image display. Look for more great giveaways soon!, Holy cow! It's been 14 years since Tiger first took Augusta by storm. Check out this cool autographed collectible from UDA., Three great prizes up for grabs with this edition of the naughty or nice list. By posting an image of a naughty player (one who never lived up to the hype) or nice player (one who you love to pull) from football, you can be randomly selected to receive either 1) All the inserts Santa and Gregg pulled here, 2) The McNabb Shadowbox card shown here or 3) A box of 2010 SPx Football. We'll randomly select fans tomorrow mo, Congratulations to Shane Walls and William Schumpert who were randomly selected to receive the cards from the Santa Claus Pack Break - 2010 Ultimate Collection Basketball for posting their naughty and nice players to our wall. Next up is football, get ready to post images for the naughty (Ryan Leaf) and nice (Drew Brees) list there!!!, Pretty cool little college tradition for this Basketball team., It's Day 10 of our holiday gift ideas for sports fans. This one is for puck fans, take a look: http://upperdeckblog.com/2010/12/holiday-gift-ideas-from-upper-deck-day-10/, Check out almost everything that went down when Santa Claus parked his sled at UD Headquarters this morning: http://upperdeckblog.com/2010/12/brag-video-of-the-week-santa-claus-visits-upper-deck/

He may be back later on this week so remember to be nice because Santa is always watching!!!, This may be a first, a Santa Claus Pack Break! Check it out and remember to post your naughty/nice images to our wall here for your chance to win the cards we pulled from the two packs!, Look for giveaways today for basketball & tomorrow for football based on two new box breaks we did with Santa Claus. Today for basketball we want to see your cards of players who were naughty (you thought they'd be great & they haven't panned out) & who were nice (you thought they'd be great & they are). We'll randomly select a fan who posts an image to our wall of one of those tomorrow AM., Check out Upper Deck's Chris Carlin on KUSI morning news in San Diego this morning in a Santa Suit going over some great last minute holiday offers from Upper Deck Authenticated. And then after that, how about a Santa Box break where we share the cards pulled with our facebook fans???, What a crazy finish to Monday Night Football tonight!, null, Will Brett Favre's streak end tonight? Is this the most impressive streak in all of sports?, Congratulations to Brandon Bates and Kaelin Markert for being selected to receive an Upper Deck Baseball prize pack for posting a Baseball image to our wall here. Look for more great giveaways right here to celebrate the holiday season!, Did anyone see this play yesterday???, null, Make sure to support your local card shops this holiday season!!!, Perhaps it's time to make that next great sports collectibles purchase, huh?, Let's do a weekend Baseball giveaway! There are lots of players in the news right now like Ron Santo, Cliff Lee, Derek Jeter, Carl Crawford, Paul Konerko, Adrian Gonzalez, Albert Pujols, Jason Werth & Adam Dunn to name a few. Post images of your favorite UD Baseball cards of players in the news to our wall with comments on them for your opportunity to receive one of two Baseball prize packs courtesy of Upper Deck!, Been waiting to find out who your 2010-11 NHL Artifacts Rookie exchange cards were going to be for? The wait is over! The 2010-11 NHL Artifacts Rookies are... http://upperdeckblog.com/2010/12/and-the-rookies-are%E2%80%A6-2010-11-nhl-artifacts-rookie-exchange-cards-revealed/, It is widely believed Cam Newton will win the Heisman Trophy tomorrow by the largest margin in history. Where does he stand with the all-time great Heisman winners though? Who do you think was the best college player to ever take home the Heisman or is it Cam? (Yes, OJ jokes will be removed), It's the perfect season to step up and order a football display case. Check this one out: Affordability and durability are two key factors to consider., What's the best card you have ever seen (live in person) pulled from an Upper Deck pack???, As promised, here is the final checklist for the 2009-10 NHL Be-A-Player rookie exchange cards: http://upperdeckblog.com/2010/12/and-the-rookies-are%E2%80%A6-2009-10-nhl-be-a-player-rookie-exchange-cards-revealed/, Holding some rookie exchange cards from 2009-10 NHL Be-A-Player or 2010-11 NHL Artifacts and wondering who the rookies will be? Your wait is almost over... We'll be announcing the final checklists for the Be-A-Player rookie exchange cards tomorrow and the NHL Artifacts rookie exchange cards on Friday., Check out this unique piece of sports memorabilia from UDA for the hoops fan in your life. Nobody does it better., Upper Deck was paid a visit this morning by San Diego 6 News and its roving correspondent Ruben Galvan. Check out the action: http://upperdeckblog.com/2010/12/rise-and-shine-with-the-morning-news-at-upper-deck/, Poor kid, it's not easy being a football fan sometimes..., If you could get any Upper Deck item as a holiday gift, would you choose a trading card or memorabilia? What would it be?, San Diego News 6 stopped by this morning to check out some of the great holiday gift ideas from Upper Deck. Stay tuned for more details on how it turned out., Let's play another round of finish this sentence: The Upper Deck card I wish I never sold was...., Bobby Orr was the main man in Beantown some 40 years ago. Relive one of Boston's greatest NHL triumphs only from Upper Deck Authenticated., Need an icy cool holiday gift for a rabid hockey fan? Check out Edmonton Oilers rookie Taylor Hall's signed puck from UDA., Okay trading card collectors, finish this sentence: The upcoming Upper Deck release I would most LOVE to be opening right now is…, Who was the biggest inspiration in your life who got you started in collecting and/or got you back into collecting as you got older?, Looking for a rare, 1-of-1 sports collectible? Check out this autographed, game-used set of LeBron's uniform and equipment from his home Heat debut back on Oct. 29. Wow., Need to find a cool holiday gift this season? Check out this autographed Aaron Rodgers football, courtesy of UDA. Pretty sweet! http://upperdeckblog.com/2010/12/holiday-gift-ideas-from-upper-deck-day-2/, This is just unbelievable, but then again, it's Ron Artest so anything's possible. Listen as he prank calls a Houston radio station after a Lakers loss to the Rockets., What are you most excited to watch tonight? LeBron's return to Cleveland, Vick at the helm for the Eagles or some NHL action? Post card images to our wall of the players you are looking forward to watching most tonight!, Need to find an affordable gift this holiday season? Why not check out this ultra cool photo of MJ versus Magic from the 1991 NBA Finals? It's only $29.99! http://upperdeckblog.com/2010/12/holiday-gift-ideas-from-upper-deck-day-1/, Retro Nash, Wow! Three collectors claim to have completed the 20th Anniversary Retro sets today. Who will get their sets to UD first for verification??? Pretty exciting!

Here's more information on the promotion: http://sports.upperdeck.com/news/article.aspx?aid=7726, This one still makes us laugh. Good to see Blake Griffin doing so well this season., Perennial college football powers Texas, USC and Florida have fallen on hard times this season: http://upperdeckblog.com/2010/11/chaos-reigns-among-college-football-elites/, null, What did you think about Derek Anderson blowing up after the game last night where the Cardinals were embarrassed by the 49ers?, Which players should own their jersey number regardless of sport. We debate that subject today in the Upper Deck Blog. Think we got it right? Check it out and let us know: http://upperdeckblog.com/2010/11/what%E2%80%99s-in-a-number/, We love this kid. Does anyone know how to track him down? We want to send him some Blackhawks cards., Congratulations to Tim Yount on winning Upper Deck's Home for the Holidays giveaway. Thanks to everyone who participated in the giveaway. Look for other fun giveaways soon!, RIP Leslie Nielsen. We worked with the talented star for our 2009 MLB Spectrum Set, he was great and will certainly be missed., It's Small Business Saturday! Support your local hobby shop. Check out just some of the reasons why you should pay your local sports collectibles store a visit today., null, Looking to get some hockey cards as a gift for the NHL fan in your family this holiday season? Check this out., null, Is this Tiger Woods hat real or fake? Can you guess what other items are the real deal? Check this out: http://upperdeckblog.com/2010/11/forgery-or-authentic-be-careful-purchasing-collectibles-this-holiday-season/, null, Check out our Home for the Holidays giveaway this Thanksgiving weekend on the wall photos tab of this page where you could get a 2010 NFL Rookie Premiere signed helmet by all the top rookies just for sharing images or video of your family with Upper Deck cards this holiday weekend. Take Upper Deck home for the holidays!, Check out our Home for the Holidays Giveaway. Post pictures of videos right here on our wall of your family and Upper Deck trading cards over the Thanksgiving weekend for your opportunity to receive this 2010 NFL Rookie Premiere Signed Helmet with signatures of all the top rookies! We want to see grandmas & grandpas, moms & dad, nieces and nephews, sons & daughters, grandsons and granddaughters with UD cards. We'll select a winner on Monday, November 29th! Happy Holidays!!!, Attention NFL Head Coaches: Playing against the Green Bay Packers can be hazardous to your health (and your wallet). First Phillips, now Childress. Who's next?, Watch as Alexander Ovechkin opens a pack of 2009-10 NHL O-Pee-Chee Premier and pulls a redemption card... Of himself!!!, You think your collection is impressive? Check out Mr. 264, Upper Deck's ultimate SPx Football card collector., Three more collectors are neck and neck for completing the 2010-11 NHL UD1 20th Anniversary Set to win some great prizes. It's coming down to the wire for sure, very exciting!, null, Here are two emerging NFL stars who might be worth taking a second (and even third) look at when scouring for rookie cards!, 2010 SPx Football released yesterday and people seem to be enjoying it. Let's see some of the cards you are pulling that have you fired up! Post images right to our wall here. Once we have 20 different fans post images, we'll announce our Home for the Holidays giveaway where you can get some great UD items!, Thanks to the 70+ fans who participated in our Priority Signings giveaway. The three people selected to receive a random Priority Signing card are Dave Cosgrove, Stacey "Daisy" Dauwer and Maxime Leroux. Congrats!!!, Watch as Alexander Ovechkin opens a pack of 2009-10 NHL O-Pee-Chee Premier with one of his biggest fans at an Upper Deck event towards the start of the season. Listen at the end where Alex says, "You have too much..." knowing of the size of his Ovechkin collection., Staff at Upper Deck were truly sad to hear about the recent passing of Steve James, owner of the Bullpen in North Carolina. Steve was a fun, energetic shop owner with a passion for helping his customers. He will be missed terribly and our thoughts and prayers go out to his family., GREEN BAY PACKERS CONTEST WINNERS: Congratulations and thanks for playing!, Upper Deck gave away more than 100 prizes at the 2010 Fall Sports Card & Collectibles Expo in Toronto recently. One of the biggest giveaways was for a pack of 2009-10 NHL The Cup. As you can see, the collector who won the pack (valued at approximately $350) was VERY excited., Probably the easiest promotion to participate in that we've ran in awhile. Just tell us how UD makes you smile in the comment section of this blog for your chance at free autograph cards., Every holiday season collectors unfortunately fall victim to unscrupulous people selling fraudulent autograph collectibles. Be careful when making holiday purchases. If a deal looks to good to be true, it likely is. Invest with confidence in UDA collectibles., Very cool video by a member of the UD Volunteer Alliance. He and his church went down to Ensenada to build houses for those in need and he was smart enough to bring along a bunch of UD MLS packs. Check about 4:30 in to see the kid's reactions to the cards., Well we are halfway through the NFL season, check out our mid-season report on the NFC: http://upperdeckblog.com/2010/11/nfc-midseason-report-michael-vick-for-mvp/, Looking for a good shop in Louisiana? Check out Jason's!, Heading home for the holidays next week? We'll have a special giveaway if you can show us images of videos of your family and your favorite UD card/cards. Look for more details soon and have a happy holidays!!!, 2010 SPx Football is hitting store shelves today and former Fresno State star Ryan Mathews has something to say about it., Check out Alexander Ovechkin opening up a pack of 2009-10 NHL The Cup at a recent Upper Deck event., Interested in being a Stick Kid at the 2011 NHL Winter Classic? Check this out!!!, If you couldn't make the Upper Deck Collectors Roundtable in Toronto, check out what you missed!, Thanks to everyone, especially those of you here on UD's Facebook page, who helped the Rosen's complete this set. Great story!!!, There was plenty of action this past weekend at the Toronto Sports Card Expo. And most of it was taking place at the Upper Deck Booth!, We had such a great time in Toronto at the 2010 Fall Sports Card & Memorabilia Expo. Thanks to everyone who came out to the show and congratulations to the hundreds of winners from the raffles we had. Look for updates from the show right here this week!, Father-Son Duo from Winnipeg win Upper Deck's grand prize trip to Pittsburgh to see the 2011 NHL Winter Classic at Pittsburgh's Heinz Field! Congrats to Jim and AJ Ramsay!, Longtime Seattle Mariners broadcaster Dave Niehaus passed away yesterday at age 75. He was one of the good ones. He will be missed., How would you like to win a trip for two to the NHL Winter Classic on New Year's Day in Pittsburgh? Upper Deck can get you there., Who are the best teams (and players) in the AFC this season? The current statistics may surprise you., Congratulations to Jeff Rae and his bride, Allison. You guys really are "Ultimate Packers Fans." Enjoy your prized keepsake coming soon from UDA and Aaron Rodgers!, Canada beat the USA for gold in the Olympics, but can Bobby Ryan help exact revenge for the USA against his teammate Ryan Getzlaf?, null, Randy Moss is now a member of the Tennessee Titans. What do you think???, Ultimate Collection Basketball hits shelves today. It is the first basketball product with Michael Jordan or LeBron James autograph cards available in months. Anyone hit one of those star autographs yet!?!?, Check our the Upper Deck Authenticated fan page for your opportunity to get an Aaron Rodgers UDA signed Packers helmet, personalized to you!!! Where are you at Packers fans?!?!, Today might be the right time to get a Ryan Mathews autograph. Check out the link below., Pretty cool promotion from one of the better hobby shops in LA. Check it out., Will you be heading to the 2010 Sports Card & Collectibles Expo in Toronto this month? If so, check out what UD will be up to out there!, null, And keeping with the Halloween spirit, check out Shaq's Halloween Video..., Congratulations to our winners of our 2010 Halloween Giveaways:

Fred Lynn Baseball - Howard Wheeler
Devin Setoguchi Puck - James Warmington
Peyton Manning Champs Mini Helmet - Nick Gauder
LeBron James Signed Basketball - Frank Cheung
NFL Rookie Premier Helmet (shop exclusive) - Fox Sports Cards, Check out this fun preview of the 2010-11 NHL Upper Deck Series One Young Guns. How did he avoid ripping the list???, Check out this amazing SP Legendary Cuts Quad Cut Signature card!!!, Don't miss out on the huge Halloween giveaway! Get your images uploaded ASAP!!!, "Definitely not the prettiest goal of my life, but I'll take it for 
sure. It was a big goal for our team as well. I've been waiting a long 
time and I've been asked about it a million times." 
-- Oilers' Taylor Hall on first NHL goal, It's the start of the NHL season. Check out who's helping their teams right off the bat!, Upper Deck is going to hit you with our best shot when the 2010-11 NHL Upper Deck Series One Young Guns arrive in early November. Look out!!!

Thanks to UD VA member Tim Yount for putting this together!, It is not easy to get a Michael Jordan autograph, as you can see from this video. Luckily collectors will have their chance to pull one next week when the new Ultimate Collection Basketball hits shelves!, Dez Bryant has already scored five touchdowns for Big D. Listen to what he had to say prior to suiting up for his new gridiron team in Dallas., Who do you think will have the last laugh between Lefty's and the Rangers?, Fun story of Bill Simmons attending the National Sports Collectors Convention this summer., Cool story about nuns that are auctioning off a Honus Wagner card they had donated., null, Sweet deal forthcoming from Upper Deck, depending on how many points LeBron scores in his Miami Heat debut tonight against the Boston Celtics. Check it out!, Congrats to Austin who won a 2010 NFL Rookie Premiere signed football courtesy of Upper Deck through Jason's Sports Cards in Louisiana., Did Yankee fans hurt their chances of getting Cliff Lee this off season because of how they treated his wife in NY???, Check out that latest in our series of 2010-11 NHL rookie boot camp videos., One of our Volunteer Alliance members met up with Hall-of-Famer Brooks Robinson recently and got a picture of him by the Upper Deck mobile. Very cool!

For more information on how you can become a member of the Volunteer Alliance, check out this link: http://upperdeckblog.com/2010/10/the-upper-deck-volunteer-alliance-wants-you-to-help-make-the-hobby-better/, One of our customers in Dallas sent us this picture... Looks like Cowboys fans are more than a little frustrated right now..., Take a look at the new LeBron advertisement that has everyone talking. The Heat start the season off tonight against the Celtics. How do you think the Heat will do this season?, null, null, We just announced our Halloween giveaway. Check out the Photos tab to see what items are up for grabs. All you need to do is post an image to our wall in costume with your favorite UD cards. Also, there is an exclusive hobby shop giveaway for a 2010 NFL Rookie Premier signed helmet. Let's see those costumes! We'll select fans at random on Monday, November 1 to receive these great items., While this is certainly a great card, we believe we've produced some better ones. What do you think is the most coveted Upper Deck Basketball card in the world?, We are moving our website hosting center this weekend so expect for the UD websites to be down Saturday through Monday. We will provide an update when they are back up. Additionally, look for an announcement on our Halloween giveaway here soon. A couple items up for grabs include a Peyton Manning auto mini helmet, a LeBron James auto basketball and a special prize for hobby shops too (signed 2010 NFL Rookie helmet)., This Halloween, why not say "Trick or Trade?" Hand out older packs or singles of Upper Deck cards to kids this Halloween. It's a fun way to share the hobby with new collectors that won't send them to the dentist!, null, Check out what makes Alex so great., We'll be giving our facebook fans a first look at the 2010-11 NHL Upper Deck Series One Young Guns cards and sharing the checklist for them later on tonight, stay tuned hockey fans!, Look for a BIG giveaway we'll be announcing here soon! We hope you're in the Halloween spirit... We'll have prizes from baseball, football, hockey and basketball. It will be open to UD facebook fans everywhere in the world. Stay tuned!!!, We're looking for a high-resolution jpeg scan of the 08-09 Steven Stamkos Upper Deck Young Guns Rookie card. We're having trouble pulling it from our archives. The first person to send us a high-resolution jpeg image to UpperDeckMarketing@upperdeck.com will receive a couple packs of 09-10 NHL Be-A-Player with one signature per pack. Make sure to include your address! Thanks!, Are you in the market for Mickey Mantle Autograph items for someone you care about this holiday season? You better take a look at this before you make a purchase. It is important to note, Upper Deck Authenticated witnessed every signing we conducted with Mickey prior to his passing., When you have great seats at a hockey game, you better be careful about what you say to the players..., What do you think about the fines being levied against defensive players in the NFL? Check out what we think: http://upperdeckblog.com/2010/10/the-new-nfl-the-national-flag-football-league/, Congratulations to Jon Duteau on being selected to receive the Alexander Ovechkin Sign of the Times autograph card from the Upper Deck Blog giveaway. Look for more giveaways soon!, Check out Taylor Hall, Jordan Eberle and Magnus Paajarvi performing in a video skit during the NHLPA Rookie Showcase in Toronto last month. Good stuff., Here is the final design for the set. It will feature both current and retired players. We will release more images in the coming weeks and provide more details on how you can find these cards. For your best bet on collecting this limited set however, you'll want to make plans to be in the Toronto area in mid-late November., null, Upper Deck's Dianne Hatley hit Chicago and visited some of the Windy City's most well known hobby shops? Have you been to any of these stores? If not, check them out!, Here is the final design for the set. It will feature both current and retired players. We will release more images in the coming weeks and provide more details on how you can find these cards. For your best bet on collecting this limited set however, you'll want to make plans to be in the Toronto area in mid-late November., How do you think former Texas great Colt McCoy will do in his first start with the Browns this weekend?, Here's Part 2!, Can Steve Nash take down Landon Donovan???, Ever feel like this when watching your favorite team play?, Congratulations to our recent winners of giveaways on the UD Facebook page. John Ka (NHL Ultimate pack), Brock Buffum (NHL Ultimate pack), Matthew Rader (The Cup pack), Blakely Johnson (Sweet Spot Football pack), Chuck Arcidiacono (Sweet Spot Football pack) and Jeff Nelson (Sweet Spot Football pack) all received prizes. Thank you to everyone who took part!, We have a few groups that have been very busy here at UD and we want to give them a smile. Share your favorite card collecting/sports jokes here (must be appropriate) and we'll give away a pack of 2010 Sweet Spot Football at random at the end of the day. Here's one to get you going: What flavor gum do serious card collectors like to chew? Answer: Mint, We recently had an event with Alexander Ovechkin in Washington D.C. Check it out on our blog and find out how you might be able to add a free SP Authentic Alexander Ovechkin autograph card to your collection!, You may have seen Alex Ovechkin score the winning goal in overtime last night against the Senators. Maybe it was Upper Deck collectors who inspired him... Check out the exclusive meet & greet Upper Deck recently held with the two-time NHL MVP in Washington D.C. Read on to see how you can take home an autograph card of Ovechkin., Here is the final design for the set. It will feature both current and retired players. We will release more images in the coming weeks and provide more details on how you can find these cards. For your best bet on collecting this limited set however, you'll want to make plans to be in the Toronto area in mid-late November., We feel like Columbus Day is kind of a weak holiday (mostly because we have to work on it). What sports legend do you think deserves a holiday of their own and why?, We have a really fired up member of the Upper Deck Volunteer Alliance, check out the Upper Deck mobile! Volunteer Alliance members are working hard to make the hobby a better place. Join them!, Our thoughts and prayers go out to Tony Gwynn and his family as he begins treatment for cancer of the mouth. Tony has always been a great partner and friend. We wish him a speedy and full recovery., null, Good news, Colston Exquisite Auto Rookie Patch cards finally came back in. We'll be shipping these out next week along with the Limas Swede Auto Rookie as a bonus!, Lots of sports options to check out this weekend, which will you watch? MLB Playoffs, College Football, Pro Football, NHL Opening Weekend or NBA Preseason?, The Young Guns are coming! Who will be the next great rookie???, Did anyone catch Jordan Eberle's first NHL goal last night? He's going to be a good one!!!, No more submissions for The Cup giveaway. Just leave your profile pics up for a week for your chance to win and enjoy the first week of the NHL season!, For your opportunity to get the pack of 2009-10 NHL The Cup or TWO packs of 2009-10 NHL Ultimate (3 total giveaway prizes), change your profile pic to your favorite UD NHL card, post it to our wall or under the giveaway images on the photos tab and leave that image as your profile pic until Thursday, October 14. You have until 8:00PM PDT tonight to update., Bobby Orr, Wayne Gretzky and Gordie Howe are exclusive legends under contact with Upper Deck. To find cards, memorabilia cards, autograph cards and more of these three great legends, look to 2010-11 Upper Deck NHL products., Welcome to the start of the 2010-11 NHL season. Which team do you think will be hoisting the Stanley Cup at the end of the season???, Pretty amazing playoff debut for Roy Halladay today, throwing the second no-hitter in postseason history! He threw a perfect game earlier this season as well showing it truly is the year of the pitcher. Let's see some of your favorite Upper Deck Roy Halladay cards!, null, We are giving away a sealed tin of 2009-10 NHL The Cup and potentially more. Check out the Photos tab of our facebook page for "NHL Opening Week Giveaway - A Pack of 2009-10 NHL The Cup" for more details., To celebrate 2009-10 NHL The Cup hitting shelves last week and the start of the NHL Season on Thursday, October 7, we wanted to do something special for our hockey fans. We will be giving away a pack of 2009-10 NHL The Cup at random to one of our facebook fans.

To have the opportunity to win, you need to change your facebook profile picture to your favorite Upper Deck hockey card and leave it that way until Thursday, October 14 (for the first week of the season). You will also need to COMMENT RIGHT HERE what your favorite UD hockey card is. You have until Thursday, October 7 at 8:00PM PDT to post your favorite card comment RIGHT HERE with your updated profile pic beside it.

Each day we will review those who posted their card images here and as long as the profile pic matches the card image, we will keep you in the promotion. If your profile pic changes, we will remove your submission from the page.

To change your profile picture, you simply need to do the following:

1) Get a jpeg image of your favorite Upper Deck Hockey card. You can get it from online, take a picture of it or scan it.
2) Upload that image to facebook and mark it as your profile picture.

It's that simple! Thanks to everyone for participating and thank you for your support of our NHL trading card products like The Cup! You’ve seen they type of cards people are pulling from that set so what are you waiting for, update your profile pic today!

Oh, one more thing, if we have over 200 fans take part in this promotion we will also give away a pack of 2009-10 NHL Ultimate. So make sure to get the word out., Check out this exclusive video of LeBron discussing his move to South Beach and signing autographs solely for UDA:, Who will be watching the "Three Kings" as the Miami Heat take on the Detroit Pistons tonight?, Ryan Mathews was rescheduled to tomorrow. Those of you who posted a question may still get it asked to Ryan, and those of you who didn't have one more day to get your questions in!, Ryan Mathews was rescheduled to tomorrow. Those of you who posted question may still get them asked, and those of you who didn't have one more day to get your questions in for Ryan!, Check out this amazing goal by a 9 year-old. Could he be the next big thing? Too early to tell, but still an amazing shot!, We are very thankful to have so many great fans on facebook. To thank you for your support, we want to give away a pack of the most anticipated hockey release of the year, 2009-10 NHL The Cup. Look for details on how we'll be giving it away early next week., Upper Deck has an exciting new way to get redemptions in the hands of collectors sooner than ever, check it out!, Check out this new offer from the UD Online Store on Nazem Kadri and Kyle Beach signed pucks. Free Shipping included!, Check out this cool offer from Soccer.com for a FREE Upper Deck Thierry Henry Red Bulls card, while supplies last!, null, Like Upper Deck cut signature cards of deceased personalities, you have to see this one!, We will be hosting a private meet & greet with 2-time Hart Trophy winner Alexander Ovechkin this weekend in Washington DC. Do you have any questions you'd like to ask Alex? We'll try to make it happen for you., Who do you think will take home the Calder for the 2010-11 NHL season?, Lots of great football action this weekend in college & the pros. Which football match-up are you looking most forward to this weekend? Texas vs. Oklahoma? Florida vs. Alabama? Stanford vs. Oregon? Penn State vs. Iowa? Ravens vs. Steelers? Redskins vs. Eagles? Or another game?, null, ESPN is talking about Upper Deck's new World of Sports set., null, null, Ryan Mathews of the Chargers will be stopping by Tuesday afternoon to sign for us. Do you have any questions for Ryan? Post them here and we'll have him answer them for you., null, null, Any Crosby fans out there excited for 2009-10 NHL The Cup? Check this out., null, Upper Deck signs a deal with the top college basketball coaches for inclusion in future sets including 2010 Upper Deck World of Sports!, null, How do you think Jimmy Clausen will do in his first start this weekend for Carolina? He certainly shined in our college fight song challenge., Interesting behind the scenes video on how the Titans use a different approach than the Jets in coaching their players., Congratulations to Graeme Lock on being selected at random to receive the 2010 NFL PLAYERS Rookie football and John Del Castillo on being selected at random to receive the 2010 NFL PLAYERS Rookie helmet. Thank you to everyone who participated in our giveaway for these items and look for more giveaways right here in the future!, Proof that the Cubs really may be cursed. Sad story about Tyler Colvin., Check out how Oregon State is preparing for Boise State this week. They are painting their practice field blue. Who do you think will be victorious in this game with huge National Championship implications on the line?, Check out these never before seen images of 2009-10 NHL The Cup., The SP Legendary Cuts - Mystery Cuts redemptions are almost completed. Here is a look at the cards on an uncut sheet prior to being cut., We posted the answers to the Quentin Jammer Q&A we had on Friday in the Discussion section of our page, check it out!, We're back at it again. A few amazing cards to start the day..., null, A few more great patches..., With plenty of college football games on the slate for tomorrow, let's see some of your 2010 Sweet Spot Football cards from your favorite teams. Show them off right here on our wall!, We will be conducting a signing with Quentin Jammer former Texas Longhorns player, 1st round draft pick for the Chargers in 2002 and current cornerback for San Diego. Do you have any questions for Quentin about his playing days with Texas or now with San Diego? Go ahead and post them here so we can ask him., We have a big finish coming for today's sneak peak at 2009-10 NHL The Cup. Should have the grand finale for today up by about 5:15 PM PDT. We hope you enjoyed this preview. It is really great to be able to share this with our loyal fans prior to the product hitting shelves., The Product Development Team has begun packing out 2009-10 NHL The Cup at our facility in North Carolina. How about some pictures from the pack out??? Watch here as we begin posting them today!!!, We are going to be extending the 2010 NFL Rookie helmet and football promotion until tonight at 6:00 PM PDT. So if you haven't updated your profile pic to your favorite UD Football card and posted a comment in our photos section indicating which card it is, make sure you do so before 6:00 tonight. Two big items up for grabs!!!, Check out who won the Upper Deck College Football Fight Song Contest! Was it Tim Tebow? Sam Bradford? Colt McCoy? C.J. Spiller? Or was it somebody else?, null, It seems like collectors will sometimes have their friends and then their collector friends, why not have both?, Check out our Photos tab for the chance to get a football and helmet signed by the top 2010 NFL Rookies!!!, null, null, null, To celebrate the start of football season, look for a big giveaway this week starting on Wednesday. We'll be giving away a signed helmet and signed football from the 2010 NFL Rookie Class. All you'll have to do is change your facebook profile pic to an image of your favorite UD Football card from Wednesday - Monday. More details and images of the items coming Wednesday., Never forget 9/11. Check out the unique new Marques Colston game-used jersey we recently received in., Exciting news for puck fans, we will begin packing out 2009-10 NHL The Cup next week. Look for live updates from the pack out with images and hopefully video as well starting Thursday and going through Sunday., How would a labor dispute affect your collecting of NFL or NBA trading cards and memorabilia? Do you think either league will have a lock out/strike?, null, If Boise State runs the table going undefeated do they deserve to be in the BCS National Championship game after last night's win?, We just posted photos of two new sets you'll want to check out in 2010 World of Sports and 2010-11 NHL SP Game-Used. Click on our Photos tab to check them out., The 2010-11 NHL Upper Deck Young Guns are coming. Who will be the next great rookie?!?!, null, We are having some problems responding to posts here. We're hoping it is just a glitch with facebook. Hang in there if you've asked a question., null, The rookies opened a pack of O-Pee-Chee Premier and we're giving it away. Answer all these questions about the rookies first & correctly to take it home. Who has been Hall's greatest influences in hockey? What would Colborne rather have, a Stanley Cup or Gold Medal? Who is Hamill's favorite baseball team? Which rookie used to be a nationally ranked figure skater? Who is Kadri's favorite teammate?, Oh, and we recorded what Taylor Hall opened. Check out his unique way of getting in the pack by using his cell phone. Congrats to Jeffrey Scott who won the contents of this pack. And by the way, we had Taylor sign the pack for you as well, enjoy!!!, Congratulations to Sarah Chard for guessing that Chet Pickard opened a box of 2009-10 NHL SP Authentic. You'll be receiving the contents of that box. Also, congratulations to Jeffrey Scott who guessed that Taylor Hall opened a pack of O-Pee-Chee Premier. You'll be receiving the contents of that pack., How about a giveaway from the 2010 NHL Rookie Showcase and Photo Shoot??? Today we had two rookies open 2009-10 NHL Upper Deck products. Tell us which rookie you think opened the product (hint, one is a goalie) and what product you think they opened. If you guess right, we'll give you all the inserts they pulled and a Rookie Showcase hat. One guess per person and post your guesses right here., The UD Team has arrived here in Toronto for the 2010 NHL Rookie Showcase and Photo Shoot. Look for updates right here from the event throughout the week. And maybe for some giveaways as well..., Congratulations to Zachary Eddy, Jeffrey Sorak and Matt Chin on beling selected as winners for the 2010-11 NHL Rookie Photo Shoot quesiton promotion. Look for updates from the 2010 NHL Rookie Premier and Photo Shoot right here this week!, Michael Jordan fan gets a rare signature that will last a lifetime and Upper Deck was there. Check it out!, Would you ever get a tattoo of an athlete? If so, who would it be? Stay tuned, we've got a pretty amazing story coming up about a fan who got an athlete to sign off on his tattoo..., null, What do you think about UD giving away some hockey product to our loyal facebook fans? We want to give you the chance to get to know the new 2010-11 NHL Rookie Class. Go to the Discussions tab of this page, click on the "NHL Rookie Photo Shoot Questions" thread and post your questions of them for a chance to get some great UD product for FREE!!!, What
 do you think about an 18 game NFL season? Love it and all the extra NFL
 action or think it will lead to more meaningless games and injured 
stars?, What do you think? Did he abuse his power or was it the right move?, null, What do you think, is it time to move your Strasburg cards or hang on to them? Will this just be a small blip on his career or do you think the issue is bigger?, Check out the Upper Deck Retailer of the Month, Attack of the Baseball Cards!, Check this out!, One more week to the NHL Rookie photo shoot. Check out some of the fun from the event last year!, Wondering what you can get from taking part in Upper Deck's Volunteer Alliance? Check out how well this member did. Join today!, null, Are you a member of the Upper Deck Volunteer Alliance? Check out this month's mission!, 2010 Sweet Spot Football will release with ZERO redemption cards in the product., null, Here's another fun one from last year's NHL Rookie Photo Shoot. Check it out!, null, Speaking of the NHL Rookie Photo Shoot, check out the trick shots from the guys at last year's event!, The NHL Rookie Photo Shoot is less than two weeks away. Which rookie are you most excited to see hit the ice this season?, The UD website is back up. Thanks for your patience while we did some maintenance on it., For your entertainment... Remember the SHAQ PLAQUE???, Congratulations to Jerry Martin on being selected to receive a box of UD product for sharing his Upper Deck mailday with us! Look for more giveaways soon!, Bobby Thomson passes away at the age of 86. Rest in Peace., Really interesting story about Glen Coffee's decision to leave the NFL this season. What do those of you who have been collecting Coffee's cards think?, Got any Marvin Williams SPx Winning Materials cards? Adam needs them!!!, Just got a message from a collector at the National who participated in our wrapper redemption program and left a little down he didn't pull an autograph card from one of his packs. Well he didn't got through the packs he opened until he got home. That's when he found this... Needless to say, he was pretty thrilled to say the least!, Everyone loves a good mail day where you get in a redemption card you've been waiting on or a UD card you purchased or traded for. Sometimes they come when you don't even expect them. Show off some of your favorite UD cards you've received from a recent mail day on our wall here. Who knows, maybe we'll select one of you to get a special mail day from UD!!!, Are you collecting in Germany or Europe? Check out this site if you are!, In 2009 Goodwin Champions Baseball we had Landmarks inserts that included salt 
from the Dead Sea, sand from Omaha Beach, coal from the Titanic and cable from 
the Golden Gate Bridge. We’ve had some discussions about bringing the Landmarks 
set back. If we were to do it, what Landmarks would you have interest in 
seeing/collecting?, As promised, here's part 2 of "For the Cup." Look for 2009-10 NHL The Cup in the coming weeks!, How will baseball change over the next 20 years? Here's our top ten list of changes we see coming. Agree? Disagree? What do you think may be different?, We can't wait for the Winter Classic on 1/1/11. Check out how Crosby and the rest of the Pens are preparing., Sometimes you've just got to laugh at yourself. The thirty worst baseball card images ever? Maybe you've seen some that are worse?, And if you are in Texas, become a friend of this shop! The UD Volunteer Alliance is hard at work to help promote shops!, We know it is tough waiting for 2009-10 NHL The Cup to come out, but we are working on getting all the hard-signed autograph cards back from the athletes. This happened last year as well for different reasons. Check out Part 1 of "For the Cup" to help you get by until The Cup hits stores at the end of this month. Look for Part 2 tomorrow., We
 just got word that it looks like Michael Beasley has signed all his 
outstanding redemptions for Upper Deck. We're hopeful to get them back 
in house next week. Big news for Exquisite collectors., Congratulations to Jay Williamson on being selected to receive the UD National wrapper redemption packs and to Chris Huntsberger on being selected to receive the Entomology card! Thanks to everyone who participated! We got some
great ideas which will no doubt help to make our upcoming college products a
hit!, Exquisite: A product so good you can't even leave the Taco Bell parking lot before you just have to open it..., Who's breaking 2009-10 NHL O-Pee-Chee Premier? Show off what you're getting right here on our wall!, Well said from a member of the Upper Deck Volunteer Alliance! Promote your local hobby shops!!!, Check out how Upper Deck's blog correspondent Logan Millard got lucky at the National Sports Collectors Convention this weekend., Check out the final National Convention Giveaway in our wall photos. Two great items up for grabs!!!, For our final National Sports Collectors Convention giveaway for those who did not get a chance to attend we have two items we put aside specifically for our facebook fans. One is a random Entomology card which we had on display at the show show and the other will be for a complete set of the wrapper redemption cards (potentially with autographs included).

It is well known that Upper Deck has an exclusive deal with the Collegiate Licensing Company to produce cards of players from all sports in their college uniforms. We will be producing a variety of sets of collegiate players over the next several years, but we want to hear a bit from you as to were your favorite collegiate athletes that you are looking to see UD cards of and what types of unique cards you would like to see. Please share your thoughts (at least two complete sentences) with us right here in the comment section.

We will award these two prizes at random on Thursday afternoon to two UD facebook fans who have shared their favorite college athletes and feedback here., LeBron not only changed teams, but also changed his signature style. Check it out., Look for a giveaway tonight as a thank you to all of our loyal fans. It will be for some special items from the 2010 National Sports Collectors Convention for those who couldn't make it to Baltimore., null, Check out Chris Carlin's latest Blog entry on everything that's going on at The National Sports Collectors Convention this weekend., Congratulations to Brennan Mihalick for being selected to receive the signed rookie photo shoot football!, To celebrate Jerry Rice and Emmitt Smith being inducted into the Hall-of-Fame, we want to see pictures of your favorite Upper Deck cards of these great players. Post images on our wall and we'll select someone randomly to win a 2009 NFL Rookie Photo Shoot signed football with autographs of Percy Harvin, Mark Sanchez, Matthew Stafford, Knowshon Moreno and more. So let's see them!!!, We still have a 2009 NFL Rookie Photo Shoot Football with signatures of Sanchez, Harvin and 20+ more. Should we give it away today???, Congratulations to Josh Whiteside on getting the one-of-one printing plate card! Look for more giveaways to celebrate the National all week long., For tonight's contest for those of you who are not here in Baltimore. The Angels play the Orioles here tonight. Be the first to guess the winner and final score and you'll get a one-of-one printing plate of the Iron Man of the Baltimore Orioles. Good luck!!!, We're seeing some amazing UD cards here at the Upper Deck booth at the National. Be the first to stop by and give the team a high-5 today and we'll give you a free uncut sheet of the new O-Pee-Chee Premier. More giveaways to come all week if you are here in Baltimore or at home., null, null, Are you surprised by this move?, Check out this cool story if you haven't heard about it already. If you woke up from a coma, what sports star's name might you say first?, For those of you who wonder what happens at the National Sports Collectors Convention, check out the article ESPN's Bill Simmons wrote after attending last year's show. Seeing is believing, hope to see you out there!, Remember that Bobby Orr, Gordie Howe and Wayne Gretzky cards (including memorabilia and signed cards) can ONLY be found in new Upper Deck products for the 2010-11 season., As we gear up for the National Sports Collectors Convention in Baltimore next week we are excited about all the unique items we are going to see. They have everything so you always end up buying something. What is the one collectible you don't have that you would instantly snatch up if you saw it at a show like the National at a good price?, Did you know there are actually odds on who will be fined more for TD celebrations in 2010 for the Bengals? Chad Ochocinco has a slight edge over Terrell Owens. So the question is, who do you think will be fined more and can any of them beat TD dances like these?, null, Check out some of the great deals at your local card shops!, Check out some of the details on our wrapper redemption program for the 2010 National Sports Collectors Convention next week!, The National Sports Collectors Convention is coming. Stay tuned to our facebook page to see what's we have in store, what's happening live at the show and some items you can win!, Great message from the NHL. Thank you fans!, Matt Garza made history last night recording the first franchise no-hitter for the Rays. Is 2010 the year of the pitcher???, Everyone seems to be talking about the controversy between Dez Bryant refusing to carry Roy Williams' pads as part of some rookie hazing. What do you think? Would you carry Roy's pads or make a stand like Dez?, Tim Tebow is the new face of Jockey., Any facebook fans heading out to the National Sports Collectors 
Convention in Baltimore next week? We're looking forward to seeing you 
out there!, While 
you are aware that 2010 SPx Footbal will feature an autographed jersey rookie in each 
box as well as three additional auto/mem cards, we can confirm that one of those 
three additional hits will be an additional autographed card. So each box of 2010 SPx Football will contain at least two 
sigs per box!, null, null, We have a unqiue insert set going into 2010-11 NHL Upper Deck which pays tribute to our first NHL set back in 1990-91. You can see more details on the 20th Anniversary Retro variation set in the attachment. We ant to come up with a cool giveaway for the first people who put together the entire set. We've got some ideas already, but one of the reasons for having this page is to interact directly with our fans. What is a prize that would make you want to be one of the first to collect the 20th Anniversary Retro set?, null, What was your worst experience in making a trading card purchase online through an auction site like eBay? We are collecting stories to use in a feature for our blog this week. Any tips on how to avoid those horror stories again?, null, The World Cup is over. Did it make you buy into soccer or did the officiating and other factors keep you away? Logan Millard shares his thoughts on what went wrong and how to make the World Cup better in the future., It looks like a member of the Upper Deck Volunteer Alliance is hard at work. Congrats to Travis for helping to get Sports Cards Plus set up with their own facebook page. If you ever get out to San Antonio, TX, you'll want to visit this store and "like" their page! Nice work Travis!, Congrats to Drew Brees for taking home the ESPY Award for Best Male Athlete last night. Proving once and for all that sometimes nice guys can finish first..., null, Sad day for Yankee fans with the passing of George Steinbrenner. Let's see some of your favorite Upper Deck baseball cards of New York greats as a way of remembering George today., Check out our giveaway on our Wall Photos for a Landon Donovan/David Beckham dual memorabilia card for the person who can correctly guess the outcome of the World Cup matches this weekend., It's time for the Upper Deck World Cup Guess the Score Giveaway. Just 
guess the winners and the score of the two games this weekend and you 
could take home this dual memorabilia card of Landon Donovan and David 
Beckham from 2010 Upper Deck MLS. Tomorrow's match pits Germany against 
Uruguay and Sunday Championship game is Spain against the Netherlands. 
Just be the first one to guess the outcome of both games correctly and 
you win. For example, Germany 7-Uruguay 6 and Spain 5-Netherland 6. Good
 luck!, Congratulations to Hazy Divinity (if that is your real name) for winning the LeBron giveway. He'll be taking home a box of 2010 Greats of the Game Basketball. With the World Cup Finals this weekend, should we do one last Soccer giveaway???, The Be-A-Player Jersey card redemptions were just completed. They will be sent to us next week and we should have them all out by the end of the month. Collectors who received the wrong regular version will not have to send those cards back. Check out the Tavares., What can you get as a member of the Upper Deck Volunteer Alliance besides cards and memorabilia? Check out two styles of bags we got in to use as prizes with members. If you are a fan of Upper Deck, sign up today! Details on the first mission will be sent out next week to those who have enrolled. http://www.upperdeck.com/marketing/news_article.aspx?aid=7665, Fun to watch if you are a Duchene fan..., We've had some questions on this. Our multi-year exclusive spokesman deal with Gordie Howe remains in tact. UD remains the only place you can find signature trading cards of Mr. Hockey., As rough as it may be for Cavs fans, we want to see your favorite Upper Deck LeBron James cards. Show them off here and you may just get something nice from UD for taking the time to post... You can post them right to our wall., “The Upper Deck Company looks forward to maintaining its exclusive autograph agreement with LeBron James as he embarks on this new chapter of his professional basketball career in Miami, sporting his new No. 6 jersey. Delivering authentic, genuine LeBron autographs will remain one of Upper Deck’s primary objectives as the company continues to push the envelope with regard to bringing new, innovative collectibles such as hand-painted jerseys and game-worn items of ‘King James’ to the marketplace.”

Richard McWilliam
Upper Deck Founder & CEO, Upper Deck shares what we know about LeBron and his future., If you are a fan of this page, this is definitely a program you want to be involved in! Join the Upper Deck Volunteer Alliance today!, LeBron James joins twitter this morning and already has over 100,000 followers. Follow the King!, This is for Travis Craig. Travis, here's an image our rep got of Corey during the signing as well. Sad to see someone pass that young., Last chance to get a FREE Upper Deck LeBron James Game-Used Memorabilia card. Just check out the post below for details. Only four people donated over the weekend so your odds of taking home a LeBron are pretty good!!!, For your opportunity to get a FREE game-used memorabilia card of LeBron James, please check out the Upper Deck Blog this Independence Day weekend. If you show you are donating to our Million Pack March program by posting images of your donation here, you could bring home "King James" to your collection., Check out how you can get a FREE LeBron James game-used memorabilia card this Independence Day weekend!!!, Stay tuned to Upper Deck's facebook page tomorrow where we will announce a giveaway for not one, not two, but FIVE game-used memorabilia cards of the player that EVERYONE is talking about right now., Phil Jackson will be back to coach the Lakers next season. Do you think that's why Byron Scott is going to Cleveland?, Congratulations to Nate Cates and Matt Snyder on getting a box each of the 2009-10 NHL SP Authentic product. Thanks to everyone who participated in that giveaway, we hope you all find the cards you were looking for!, Pretty nice collection, check out the winner of UDA's Man Cave promotion!, Upper Deck's Major League Lacrosse cards will debut next week around the All-Star Game in Boston, MA. For more details on that event, check out this link: http://www.majorleaguelacrosse.com/promotion/350/mll-allstar-game/, null, Check out our latest giveaway for a box of 2009-10 NHL SP Authentic!, Let's do a giveaway for a box of 2009-10 NHL SP Authentic
shall we? There's a lot of great content in this product as you’ve seen from
posts here and the attached gallery. What is the one card you would love to
pull from this product and why? We will randomly select a fan to receive this
box based on comment here tomorrow afternoon., Anyone interested in seeing some images of 2010 SPx Football???, null, Congratulations to Zeke Estrada on winning our NHL Draft Runner promotion!, null, Good for you Randy!, We'll be posting live updates from the 2010 NHL Draft on twitter for you puck fans. Make sure you are following us if you love hockey as much as we do., With Michael passing away a year ago, there's obviously a lot of interest around him right now. We saw this card was pulled and posted on eBay. What do you think this card will sell for?, null, Let's hoop it up! We just signed some of the top draft picks in last night's draft!, Congratulations to Keith Murphy on getting the Landon Donovan quad mem card in our latest give away. Good luck to Team USA tomorrow. We think USA is Ghana win...  :), Take home history with a 2010 Upper Deck MLS Landon Donovan card. Remember the moment!, Let's see an image of you with a Landon Donovan Upper Deck trading card for your chance to get the quad memorabilia card from 2010 Upper Deck MLS. We will give the card away randomly tomorrow afternoon to those who posted photos., Wondering what we have in store for the National Sports Collectors Convention? Check it out! Hope to see you out there!, Congratulations to Will Watson who will be taking home the Landon Donovan single memorabilia card! To win this one, you just have to show off an image on our wall of you with a Landon Donovan Upper Deck card. We will pick someone to recieve the card tomorrow afternoon at random., We just finished a signing with Michael Jordan! Anyone waiting on these? Coming your way soon!, If you are going to be in Los Angeles this weekend for the NHL Draft, here's what we have planned. Who are you hoping your team will pick?, The rare soccer card below will be going up for grabs tomorrow. Keep your eyes peeled!, Want to get a free Landon Donovan 2010 Upper Deck MLS card? Check out
our Wall Photos for your opportunity to add it to your collection. We
will give away another one of his memorabilia cards tomorrow, but
you'll need to have a Landon Donovan Upper Deck card on hand for your chance to get that one., We're giving away this rare 2010 Upper Deck MLS Landon Donovan memorabilia card. All you have to do is write in the comments section here two sentences on how you felt when you saw his goal today. We'll award the card to one of those who made a post randomly tomorrow afternoon., Get to know Upper Deck's new President as he talks with a popular blog about the future., Does Team USA's victory have you more interested in soccer today?, Congrats Clark Wescoe who called a 1-0 win by the USA with a first goal by Landon Donovan. He'll be taking home three awesome 2010 Upper Deck MLS insert cards. What do we have in store for USA's next round for our facebook fans? A pretty nice little dual autograph card we bought back from our Manchester United product. Stay tuned!, null, Another way to win cards from 2010 UD MLS or the very popular Entomology set., Check this out facebook hockey fans!, Congratulations to Jenn V! We will be using your response for the "Different Type of Upset Letter" giveaway and you'll be receiving some great items for helping us on this situation. We really enjoyed how much time everyone took to provide great feedback here. This is something we will likely do again in the future, thanks again to everyone for all of your help!, Congratulations Los Angeles!!!, Nice story about a Chicago shop seeing a bump in business after the Stanley Cup. Have any of you been to Bleachers? Very nice shop to visit!, null, We got this in on our UDA fan page, but wanted to show it here as well.  Check out their Exquisite Basketball set.  Really impressive!, Last chance on this promotion! Win some great items for Dad's and Grads!, We are getting some really awesome responses for our giveaway where we are asking you to provide the response from Customer Service to a different type of complaint. Thanks to everyone who is participating. The responses have been a lot of fun to read. We're definitely going to have to come to you again when we get another "different" type of letter like this. We will select a winner tomorrow morning! Thanks again!, You play the customer service representative...  Help us respond to this customer in the comments section of the blog and you could end up with two boxes of cards and MORE!  FREE!!!, Is this instant grounds for a break-up? She should at least spend some time in the penalty box for something like this right?, null, Check out our latest release, 2009-10 NHL SP Authentic. There've been a few questions about the Mystery Dual Redemptions here. They are hard-signed and will be shipped out at random as they come in. We will update the checklist as these cards make their way in house., There's a new Captain in Toronto. Can Phaneuf lead the Maple Leafs to glory?, Nice story from a former Upper Deck intern on meeting Ken Griffey Jr. and the impact "The Kid" had on his youth., Take a look at the ENTIRE 2009 Goodwin Champions Entomology set and get background on it from Upper Deck's Grant Sandground., For those hoping for a Pac-16 Super Conference with Texas, Oklahoma and others from the Big-12, it looks like that may be falling apart., null, Check out this cool man cave submission we received.  They also bust a few packs of Ultimate Football., Have any of you put together any cool name plate sets like this?  If so, let's see them!, null, Remember, this is the last week to show off your man cave for the promotion on the Upper Deck Authenticated facebook page.  You can win items from Michael Jordan and LeBron James.  Show off your man cave or she cave today!, First LeBron, now Kobe.  Can anyone stop Ricardo the busboy?, null, Good luck to everyone who participated in our World Cup give away. Make sure to check the UD Blog for your chance to get a box of 2009-10 NHL Champ's as well this weekend!, Here it is, check these out for the 2009-10 NHL Champ's "Museum Pieces" set that will begin the production process shortly. Leave a comment on the Upper Deck Blog for your chance to get a free box of 2009-10 NHL Champ's. Maybe you can pull one of these rare redemptions!, You think it's fun to get packages in the mail from Upper Deck, you should see the packages we receive. Crazy museum mailday here. Images coming up shortly..., Congrats Chicago Blackhawks fans. Great new commercial on the 49 year wait., And to get you in the mood for the World Cup if you weren't ready for it yet from our friends at Nike..., Check out our World Cup give away to win a Landon Donovan game-used memorabilia card to get you ready for USA vs. England tomorrow!, Speaking of World Cup, how about a little give away for the weekend? We'll be giving away this game-used memorabilia card of one of Team USA's biggest stars Landon Donovan. All you have to do is be the first to post a comment right here with the correct final score of the USA vs. England game. Good luck!, One of our MLS fans named Stan designed this card and sent it to us. We thought it looked pretty good and decided to share. Do you ever try to design cards yourself? If so, let's see some of your custom creations., Who will take it tonight? Will Philly force a Game 7 or will the Blackhawks close it out to hoist the Stanley Cup for the first time since the 1960-61 season???, Interesting story looking at the similarities between Mark Prior and Steven Strasburg., Where's LeBron playing hoops next season? If you care to hear what the top collegiate football stars have to say about it, click on this link. Their answers may surprise you., How far would you walk for tickets to see your favorite team play in the championships? Tyler McGill, a Boston Celtics fan, walked from Boston to New York City to 
win NBA Finals tickets from friends, Where will LeBron James land? Upper Deck polls several pro athletes for the answers. Video will be shared tomorrow!, First the Celtics and now Ricardo the bus boy. Keep your head up LeBron!!! In LeBron's defense, Ricardo looks pretty unstoppable., If you could only watch one game over the next two days, would it be Strasburg's premier tonight against the Pirates, Game 3 of the NBA Finals tonight between LA & Boston or Game 6 of the Stanley Cup Finals tomorrow between Philly and Chicago?, Congratulations to Nick Gauder and Sean Dickerson on winning the UD "Hard-Luck" contest. Nick will be taking home a Percy Harvin SP Auto Patch Rookie and Sean will be receiving the Entomology card. Some of those stories were pretty tough. Remember, never leave a pack behind..., Check out the Discussion section of this page for an update on the 2009-10 NHL Be-A-Player Hockey checklist and shortprints., Check out the "Photos" tab of this page for your opportunity to get a Percy Harvin SP Authentic Rookie Patch card or an Entomology oversize Cryptic Dead Leaf Mantid card. Submit your "Hard-Luck" stories under the image of the card you want to get. You can only pick one however..., Check out our Brag Photo of the Week - The Giant Patrick Kane, Maybe we should give away an Entomology or Percy Harvin card to our facebook fans. What do you think?, We'll miss you Griffey!, The very sad story of how a Lakers fan had to share all the reasons why he loves Boston. A bet is a bet right?, Percy Harvin autograph redemptions are flying out of here. Here's a stack they are shipping right now. Who is fired up for an Upper Deck Mail Day???, Post images of you with your Entomology cards or Percy Harvin cards when they get to you. We want to see them!, Stanley Cup breakdown: Flyers and Blackhawks, What would you do? Keep it, break it up and sell it or sell the whole thing?, California Hockey Fans, this is for you!!!, Paul Nguyen and Adam Okonczak will be receiving something special from Upper Deck for showing off
their Strasburg and Harper cards here.  Thanks
to everyone who shared!, null, Seattle manager Don Wakamatsu is reporting that long time UD spokesman Ken Griffey Jr. is retiring effective immediately. Thank you for the great memories Junior!, Our hockey brand manager is at the game tonight with the NHL and sent this photo.  Who do you think will take Game 3?, Stephen Strasburg is set to make his big league debut on June 8. USA Baseball has announced Bryce Harper as a semi-finalist for the Golden Spikes Award. Harper may be joining Strasburg soon enough. So let's see your Upper Deck USA Baseball cards of these two future stars. Who knows, we might just have a little something for those of you who post images..., Congratulations to the winners of the "Get Em Next Year" giveaway. Anthony Chu (Tyler Bozak stick), Ryan Murphy (Logan Couture stick) and Marty Mercurio (P.K. Subban stick). Thanks for participating everyone and hopefully your team can get em next year!, Last chance to get your submission in for our "Get Em Next Year" giveaway. We will draw the winner at 2:00 PM PDT today., Check out the Photos section for the NHL "Get Em Next Year" Giveaway. This promotion will run all weekend.  So show off UD cards from your favorite teams and tell us why you'll "Get Em Next Year." Earn great prizes from NHL Future Stars! Sorry Blackhawks & Flyers fans, this promotion is not open to you since you get to be in the Stanley Cup Finals., Check out the NHL Rookies giving us their best trick shots. Click on the link inside the press release., Congratulations to Alex Emming on winning the 2009 MLS All-Star Game Signed Ball.  Look for more MLS Giveaways here soon and for a "Get Em Next Year" NHL Giveaway this afteroon., Important reminder, your chance to win a 2009 MLS All-Star Game Replica Game Ball signed by the MLS All-Stars ends tomorrow. All you need to do is post any of your UD MLS cards on this page to be entered., Redemption Update - All NHL Artifacts Draft Pick redemptions have been packaged and are shipping. All NHL The Cup Sheets have shipped. We moved forwards with pulling and packing all NFL redemptions after that since players like Percy Harvin, Kenny Britt and others recently came in. Next up will be Mystery Cuts compensation packages and Entomology., null, Congratulations to Travis Makuk for being selected at random as the winner of the 2009 NFL PLAYERS Rookie Premiere signed football.  Who would have thought his Tommy Maddox rookie would have won him an item so valuable?!?!  Enjoy this unique collectible Travis.  Look for more giveaways soon!, It's a beautiful day here at the Los Angeles Memorial Coliseum. Look for images from today's event on our twitter page at upperdecksports., null, For this promotion to win a 2009 NFL PLAYERS Rookie Premiere signed football, you're going to have to dig way back in your collection. We want to see the first Upper Deck Football Rookie card you ever pulled. If you no longer have it (how could you part with it?), show us your favorite UD FB Rookie. Post images right here to our wall. We'll draw a winner at random Monday afternoon. Good luck!, Before we head out, maybe we should do one more giveaway before we go... Did you watch the video from Ryan Murphy where his son won a 2009 NFL Rookie Photo Shoot Signed Football? Would you like to win one as well? Stay tuned..., We're getting ready for the NFL Players Rookie Premier at the Los Angeles Memorial Coliseum this weekend. Should be a blast with players like Bradford, Tebow, Suh, McCoy, Spiller and more signing for UD. Thank you all for the inscription ideas. We'll have images of the Sweet Spot cards to share right here next week., Who's going to be watching UEFA Champion's League Final on Fox this Saturday? Since we just released our 2010 Major League Soccer set, maybe we should do a weekend giveaway. Watch our Photos section closely for your chance to win a 2009 MLB All-Star game ball signed by members of the team!!!, College Sports Lives Here!, Do you like Upper Deck Authenticated autographed items of players like Steven Stamkos, LeBron James and Michael Jordan? Head over to the Upper Deck Authenticated fan page for the chance to win some pretty amazing items in our Man Cave promotion., We just sent out a variety of items to use as prizes for the upcoming Northern Illinois Hobby Retailer 5th Annual Mini Golf Event.  If you are in the area, don't miss out.  For more information on partcipating stores, visit www.nihr06.com, Which team has the best chance of coming back from being down 0-2 in the playoffs? The Orlando Magic, the Montreal Canadiens or the San Jose Sharks? Will the Suns be down 0-2 after tonight as well?, Find out more about Upper Deck Soccer, the company's newest product release., Get fired up soccer fans!, Upper
Deck will be attending the NFL Players Rookie Premier this weekend to
collect player worn materials, images and signatures of all the top
draft picks. Here's where you get to participate. We are looking for
ideas on inscriptions for the players to include on cards of 2010 Sweet
Spot in particular. Go to the Discussions
section of this page & add your inscription ideas to the topic "Rookie Premier Inscriptions.", Here's the latest Cleveland has done in an effort to try to convince LeBron James to stay., And what about a cool inscription?, And from Ultimate..., How about a few Percy photos as requested?, We just finished a signing with the Great One, Wayne Gretzky. Would you like to get a look at some of the cards he signed? Stay tuned!, We just announced a pretty awesome promotion on the Upper Deck Authenticated page.  Make sure to check it out with lots of great prizes up for grabs!, Congratulations to Nicholas Williams on winning the Sidney Crosby prize package! Remember Pens fans, there is always next year. In the meantime, make sure you tune into what should be a great Game 7 tonight between the Flyers and Bruins., Who is ready for World Cup?  Here's a fun product to keep soccer fans going until that really gets going.  Watch the guys at Beckett break the 2010 Upper Deck Soccer cards which release next week., We love our fans and appreciate your support which is why we have so many giveaways on this page. Our sister company Upper Deck Authenticated will be launching a promotion tomorrow with HUGE prizes from their premium portfolio of products. Just a heads up, you may want to become a fan of the Upper Deck Authenticated facebook page, read some of the hints there on the promotion and watch for the announcement tomorrow., null, We just posted our Sidney Crosby giveaway in our photo section of this page. Win some very cool and limited Crosby cards just for showing off your UD Pens cards from their championship season in 2008-09., Special giveaway coming today for Penguins fans.  We feel your pain and want to help you get through it.  Look for an announcement in the next three hours right here., Did any of you catch Dallas Braden's appearance on Letterman last night? Who's got some 2007 UD Dallas Braden cards to show off???, Who would have thought the Montreal Canadiens would be able to take the Penguins to a Game 7 after their amazing series with the Capitals? Can the Habs pull of the upset in Pittsburgh or are Crosby, Malkin and the rest of the Pens too tough?, Winners of our Mother's Day giveaway have been announced in the photo gallery section. Those who were picked randomly will have a note on their image. Thank you to everyone who participated and thanks to all those moms (and dads) out there who helped out with this program!, null, Due to entries expected to come in late this afternoon, we will post the final candidates for this promotion and draw winners on Monday, May 10. Thanks to everyone who participated and Happy Mother's Day!, null, It's confirmed, Percy Harvin signed EVERYTHING outstanding yesterday. It was over a four hour session. Great job Percy!, null, It's been a good week for redemptions.  The only redemption we had in Prominent Cuts was just completed today.  It's a quad autograph card of all four members of the rock group KISS!  If you are waiting on this card, get ready to rock all night, and party every day., We had a call yesterday with a guy who represents the Vancouver Canucks Green Men about getting them on Upper Deck trading cards. What do you think? Would you want cards of these guys?, Guess who's busy signing UD redemption cards right now? The 2009 NFL Offensive Rookie of the Year, Percy Harvin...  We're pushing to keep him going to get through as many as possible.  We'll provide an update tomorrow on what all was signed., null, Just a head's up, Upper Deck will have our phone system down this afternoon for maintenance. We should be back up later on this afternoon., null, Congrats to Upper Deck Spokesman LeBron James on being named the NBA's Most Valuable Player for the 2009-10 Season. So let's see your LeBron James UD cards everyone! Post them right here on our wall., Collectors really do win some great items here on Upper Deck's facebook page. Check this out! Who will be next???, null, So here's what Habs fans were up to last night.  Are you in any of these pictures Ernest?, Let's see them. Show off your favorite Canadiens cards here on our facebook page. What an amazing comeback by the Habs!!!, Is it time to start collecting Jaroslav Halak?, Make sure to check out our wall photos for our Mother's Day Giveaway for the kids! Lots of great items up for grabs., null, null, These mascotts are getting more and more crazy. We thought this was pretty amazing., Pretty impressive, congratulations!, Huge performances for the Canadiens last night. Halak played out of his mind with 53 saves and P.K. Subban recorded his first career point. Can Montreal take down the Caps in Game 7?, Love collecting, but not sure how to share that with the lady in your life? Here's our tips., We will RANDOMLY give away a ton of great prizes including a LeBron James signed basketball, a 2009 NFL Rookie Photo Shoot football, autographed baseballs, signed hockey pucks and boxes of products. So what are you waiting for, send us your pictures!!!!, So this give away is for the kids. Mother's Day is coming up and we want kids (12 years old or younger) to send us drawings of their Mom's as a trading card. You can draw them in your favorite sport, or even just during the normal day. We will scan and post every submission we receive. Send them to: The Upper Deck Company Attn. Mother's Day Give Away 5909 Sea Otter Place Carlsbad, CA 92010, null, Thanks to everyone who participated and look for us to announce a BIG giveaway for kids around Mother’s Day later on today., The winner of the Lorena Ochoa autographed card is Jay Bunn. Congratulations Jay! Honorable mentions go out to David Bonneville who showed how he uses decoys to display his favorite Upper Deck cards and Ernest Hebert who showed how he uses decoys to create some pretty amazing artwork. We’ll have a special something going out to you guys as well, we thought that was pretty creative., null, Earth Day giveaway has been posted in our Wall Photos. It's very easy and FREE!, How about an Earth Day giveaway facebook fans? Details coming shortly..., With the NFL Draft tonight, who are the top five draft picks you think we'll make the biggest impact in the 2010 season in the hobby? Basically, rank draft picks you think will be most valuable this time next year., You don't have to read this blog, but you at least have to watch the two videos on it. Classics!!!, null, The NFL just released the 2010 schedule. We know a lot of our die-hard football fans would want to take a look., A tribute will be held tonight for Chick Hearn, the former Hall-of-Fame announcer for the Los Angeles Lakers. A statue will be unveiled outside the Staples Center of Chick Hearn where he will join statues of Wayne Gretzky, Magic Johnson and Oscar De La Hoya. Who is your favorite sports announcer of all-time?, We are looking for a collector to spotlight for our "Collector of the Month" feature on the Upper Deck Blog. Do you have a collection you want to show off? E-mail us at UpperDeckMarketing@upperdeck.com with jpeg images of your collection telling us your story. Thanks!, A pretty talented collector came up with his own designs of a collegiate SP Authentic Football set for 2010.  What do you think?, And the winner of the Stamkos puck is...  Scott White.  Congratulations Scott and thanks to everyone for showing us off your Stamkos cards!, Last chance to show your picture of you with your favorite Stamkos card to celebrate him leading the league (with Crosby) in goals. We'll be drawing a winner for the Stamkos UDA signed puck tomorrow at 11:00AM PDT. Who's taking it home? Good Luck!!!, null, Please take a moment today to pause and appreciate what Jackie Robinson not only did for baseball, but for society as a whole today., null, Let's celebrate the leading scorer in the NHL! Post a picture of yourself with your favorite Stamkos card, and the best entry will receive a Stamkos signed puck courtesy of UDA., null, Let's see some of your Upper Deck golf cards of the 2010 Masters Champion, Phil Mickelson. Congrats Lefty!, Pretty amazing day at the Masters. Let's see some of your favorite Upper Deck Golf cards from your collections. Should be a great day tomorrow at Augusta., And the winner is... Chris DeWitt!  Congratulations Chris, the earthquake favored you!  Thanks to everyone who submitted images of their favorite NFL cards.  Give it a good home Chris!, null, Sorry for the delay, about to pick a winner, would you believe we just had another earthquake out here?  Maybe that's good luck for one of you...  Winner is coming shortly, keep your fingers crossed., null, Let's get a look at some of your favorite Upper Deck Football cards from our 19 year history. Just post an image to our wall by Friday at 4:00 PM PDT of your favorite Upper Deck Football card & we'll give away a 2009 NFL Rookie Photo Shoot signed football to one of you at random. With signatures from Mark Sanchez, Matthew Stafford, Percy Harvin and many more, what are you waiting for???, Tiger returns tomorrow.  Will you be watching?, null, null, With the NHL regular season coming to an end, which team do you think will be hoisting the Cup at the end?  Which players do you think will make the biggest impact in the playoffs?, Voting is closed for the UD Awards, thank you everyone for participating. We understand there were a variety of concerns about the voting, but there was no perfect way to do it unless we picked the winners ourselves and we wanted this to come from fans. All nominees are worthy of recognition and we're happy to give it to them., null, null, null, null, Don't believe everything you hear today fans, remember the date!!!, null, It's okay to campaign here for the Upper Deck Social Media Awards. Attacks or negative comments will be removed however. Our goal through this whole process has just been to expose you to online communities, bloggers and box breakers you may not have been aware of. Have you found any you didn't know about and now are a fan of?, null, Links have been updated for the Upper Deck Social Media awards, let the voting begin!, null, Congratulations to Taylor Marie (NHL) and David Abruzzino (NFL) for winning our weekend giveaway for a box of cards.  Thanks to everyone who participated!  Check back later today when we give information on how to vote for the Upper Deck Awards!, null, null, We just posted a weekend contest on our wall where you could win a box of 2009-10 NHL SPx or 2009 NFL SPx. Check it out and thanks for your support!!!, We just realized it's been over a week since we've done a give-away on here. Now the big questions. Should it be easy or a little more difficult? Do you want Football or Hockey? Let us know and we’ll post something this afternoon! Thanks for all of your support!, null, Did you hear the news that Upper Deck just renewed our NHL license? Check it out. Which UD brands and rookies are you most excited to see next season?, null, null, Reminder, nominations for the Upper Deck Awards can be made ONLY on this page and should be directed primarily to the Photos tab where we list information about the awards. Once someone has been nominated, they do not need to be nominated again.  Attacks on nominees will be removed.  Voting begins on Monday!, Check out the Photos tab to make your nominations for the Upper Deck Awards! Nominations start today, voting begins next week, right here!, null, What are the Upper Deck Awards? Find out Monday, March 22!!! If you belong to an online card trading community, are a card blogger or do video box breaks, you're going to want to see this!!!, null, Who's been opening up 2009-10 NHL Champ's and Upper Deck Prominent Cuts.  Show us what you got!!!  You never know, we may send one of you something for your time!  We love giveaways!, null, That's all folks!  The boxes are all packed. Now everything will be mixed again and packaged into their cases ready to be delivered to everyone who ordered!  Thanks for following along!, Congratulations to Jason Schleicher on winning the Tiger Woods one-of-one printing plate card.  Thanks to everyone who participated.  Look for more giveaways coming soon.  Now back to the Exquisite Football pack-out!, Win a Tiger Woods one-of-one (St. Patty's Day) green printing plate card now by showing off an image of you wearing green holding a favorite UD card.  Winner will be drawn randomly tomorrow morning., So collectors . . . what are your bracket strategies?, Just like AP we'll be here 'All Day'. Let day 2 begin!, null, null, We encourage collectors everywhere to donate to this very good cause.  Visit a donation center today!, Don't miss images of the new 2009 Exquisite cards as we pack them out live from North Carolina.  Check out the photo gallery for advance images!, We are beginning the pack out for 2009 Exquisite Football at our facility in North Carolina.  Check out some of the images today and tomorrow of these amazing cards., null, We've got a camera and will be sending pictures LIVE from the packout of 2009 NFL Exquisite.  Make sure to watch facebook and Twitter next week for images of some of the great cards in the set!, null, Next week we'll be sending reps out to hand-pack the 2009 Exquisite Football product.  What do you think, should we give them a camera to upload pictures live from the packout???, Upper Deck congratulates Comic Connection and Wayne's Sportscards as winners of our Hockey Card Heaven campaign.  Your stores truly are "heaven" to hockey collectors in your areas!, null, Congratulations for William Li who is our winner for the Greatest Hockey Memory promotion.  We all had such a great time reading all your stories.  So many great hockey memories and we're excited to bring more to you through great trading cards.  Thank you so much for sharing all these great memories!!!  Here's William's card., null, Anyone remember this lawsuit way back when???  Finally came to a conclusion this week., null, Last Chance to let us know your most memorable hockey moment (with card) for a chance to win some cool prizes- We'll announce the lucky winner tomorrow!, On this day in sports history, womens downhill skier Julia Mancuso was born.  Try to find her cards in 2009-10 NHL Upper Deck Series Two., null, Thanks to everyone who shared with us which sports movies are your favorites!  For participating, we've decided to give away some cool stuff to a few of you.  Please check your inbox for a message if you are Kent W., Thomas L., David A., Lonny O., Shawn M., Paul O., Jon W., Tracey M., Frank R. C., or Ethan C.  Enjoy! :), With the Academy Awards taking place last night, which sports movies are your favorites?  Which is the all-time best sports movie???, null, We are sorry to announce that 2010 Upper Deck Draft Edition Football has been canceled. One of the key drivers for this product is Upper Deck’s ability to deliver the set before the NFL Draft occurs in April and when it became clear that our production schedule would not allow for that to happen this time around, we had no choice but to remove it from the packout calendar., Congrats to Sandra Bullock for winning Best Actress for her work in the Blind Side.  Did you know that no other manufacturer had more Michael Oher autographs than Upper Deck?  Did you pull any?  Let's see them!, A nice story on the hobby., null, null, What do you think sports fans, did Manny Pacquiao do this classic justice last night on the Jimmy Kimmel show? Any athletes that may be better singers?, null, Looking to pick up some memories from the games in Vancouver???  Check this out!, We have settled the lawsuit with Major League Baseball, null, Looks like LeBron will be switching his jersey number to 6 next season advocating the number 23 be retired for Michael Jordan throughout the league. What do you think? Should 23 be retired in the NBA?, We had a collector share with us that he was growing frustrated with websites that wouldn't allow them to show off their collection the way they wanted, so they put together their own website to show off their cards. What do you think? How do you like to show off your cards?, null, Update on 2010 Upper Deck Baseball "Double Take" variation cards: Jorge Posada (#347) with 3 changes to variant card Chase Utley (#376) with 4 changes to variant card Shin-Soo Choo (#165) with 4 changes to variant card Elvis Andrus (#498) with 3 changes to variant card Justin Upton (#42) with 4 changes to variant card Heath Bell (#418) with 2 changes to variant car Think you've found any more?  Let's see them!, Be careful out there collectors!!!  We try to work with eBay when we hear about things like this, but unfortunately there are limits to what we can do and what information they will give us. The safest thing is to be informed (check out this video from Tom Tresh) and to work with your local hobby shop as brick and mortar retailers are much more reputable than these fly by night sellers online.  Here's a list of shops that work with Upper Deck: http://sports.upperdeck.com/collectorszone/storelocator.aspx, null, Upper Deck's Goodwin Champions "Entomology" cards featured on ESPN.com., We're all still buzzing after an amazing Olympic Hockey tournament here.  Who's going to look at collecting more Hockey now?  Let's see cards of the players who were your favorites from the tournament.  Show us what you've got!, Who's ready to see more of the Goodwin Champions "Entomology" cards?, Congratulations to Team Canada on winning the gold! Great tournament, amazing gold medal game! So let's see those Crosby cards? Who's got em???, With Michael Jordan becoming the majority owner of the Charlotte Bobcats, is there now hope for that franchise? Can he and Larry Brown turn them around?, Upper Deck Blog- Brag Photo of the Week: Entomology Cards Arrive!, Check out how Wayne's in Edmonton, AB celebrated National Hockey Card Day., Are you ready to see the first image of the Goodwin Champions Entomology cards? We got samples of each of them in late yesterday and we'll begin showing them off here and through the Upper Deck Blog. Stay tuned today for the first image and details on when they'll be out!, null, On this day in sports history, 29-year coach Tom Landry was fired by the new owner of the Cowboys, Jerry Jones. Landry had led the Cowboys to five Super Bowls and helped to make them a Football dynasty. "People will forget me quick," said Landry after being fired. I don't think so Tom..., Some amazing hockey games today/tonight in Vancouver.  Who watched them all???, Any chance Russia comes back?  Team Canada is looking REALLY strong., On this day in sports history, the USA Olympic Hockey team defeated Finland 4-2. Trailing Finland after 2 periods, Coach Brooks was nowhere to be found. A minute before they were to go back on the ice, Brooks appeared and yelled, "If you lose this game, you'll take it to your f______ graves! Your f______ graves!" He walked out. An inspired US team came back to win the game and the gold., BIG GAME tonight between Canada and Russia in Olympic Hockey.  Who do you like???, null, Check out the latest and greatest UDA Basketball photos! Not too shabby..., On this day is sports history, Bobby Knight threw his chair across the court to protest a referee's call in 1985. Check it out! Who's ready for some March Madness?, null, null, Can a 4-year old give you goosebumps?, We're surprised nobody is showing off their 2004-05 UD Legendary Signatures "Miracle Men" cards after the big win for the USA yesterday.  Does anyone have any of them out there they want to show off?  Let's see em!, Spend a lot of your time online? See where we are in other communities-, It seems like a lot of people are talking about collecting Ryan Miller more now after his stellar performance tonight where he had 42 saves. Who else do you want to collect more of based on the Olympics so far? Time to dump any player's cards after their performance so far?, Team USA shocks Canada 5-3.  Can Team Canada come back and take the Gold?, The two new variant cards to be on the look out for in 2010 Upper Deck Baseball are Shin-Soo Choo (#165) and Elvis Andrus (#498).  Worthy of note, all of these variation cards may have more than one type of variation to them.  Keep on the look out for them as you open packs and post images of any you find to win the Eddie Murray ball Monday., We will be announcing two other variant cards from the 2010 Upper Deck Baseball release here soon. You know about Jorge Posada (#347) and Chase Utley (#376), the next two play for Cleveland and Texas., null, Slovakia upsets Russia 2-1 in a shootout. Canada edges the Swiss 3-2 in a shootout. All eyes are on Vancouver this weekend for the battle of North America between Canada and the U.S.A. Will Canada crush the U.S. as many expect or will there be another "Miracle on Ice" for the Stars & Stripes?, We're still looking for some 2010 Baseball variation 
cards!  These base cards look normal at a glance, but are variations. Post a picture here for a chance to win an 
autographed baseball signed by EDDIE MURRAY!   Winner will be chosen on Monday!, USA beats Norway 6-1., null, Anyone want to show off some of their favorite Upper Deck Michael Jordan cards in honor of his birthday???  Any of you have any autograph cards of MJ out there?, Today is Michael Jordan's birthday, and to celebrate, we are giving all of our fans 23% off select Jordan pieces (over 50 items!) Enter the code MJ23BDAY at checkout for your discount- Happy Shopping!!, null, UDA is looking to get 750 fans so we can give away a signed football legend's piece to one of their fans. Let's try and get them up to 750 fans!, Did Oprah make a mistake and really not realize Drew Brees had a birthmark or was she just messing with him???, null, We're looking for some 2010 Baseball variation cards... who has 'em??  Post a picture here for a chance to win an autographed baseball.  Winner will be chosen on Monday!, null, Who wants to see some images of the new Football releases for 2010???  Coming up shortly., Winners have been announced for the Valentine's Day contest on the Discussion page!  Thanks to everyone who participated!, null, Who will take the top prize in the hockey tourney and will Getzlaf make it for Canada?  Check out this interview we did with him before the holidays talking about it., null, We reached our goal of hearing from enough female collectors to hold our Valentine's Day contest for female fans of the Upper Deck Facebook Page.  It's free and easy ladies so check out the Discussions page and click on "Valentine's Day Contest - Ladies Only!" for the details.  Good luck and happy Valentine's Day!, null, null, A good percentage of our facebook fans are women, but we don't hear from them very much here. So let's hear from the female collectors out there! If we can get just 30 of you to respond to this message letting us know you are out there and love to collect Upper Deck, we'll offer up a special contest for you in time for Valentine's Day! Sorry guys, this one is just for the ladies., NHL Be-A-Player & Fleer Ultra rookie redemptions are in house. We will be shipping the Be-A-Player cards first, then Fleer Ultra. Also, NHL UD Black rookie redemptions are done, out to be signed by players & will ship as we receive them back. NHL Artifacts rookie redemptions are scheduled to be completed in early April since we had to wait until after the holidays to finalize that checklist. Thanks for your patience!, null, Thanks to everyone who participated in our Super Bowl Prize Pool and a big congrats to our NO Saints Super Bowl Winners: Michael G., Jared S., Russell P., Jimmy J., Dustin D., Phil N., Melody K., Doug P., Matt C., and Dave H. A tough loss for the Colts fans yesterday, but a few of you were randomly selected a winner. Congrats to Eric J., Brian T., and Jeff K. As of now you've all been contacted and we will send out your prizes shortly. Go Saints!, null, null, Thanks to everyone who participated in our survey to help create the Ultimate All-Time Basketball Draft!  Our random winners who will receive some product are Richie Fimble, Joe Raynak and Charles Baldo! Congrats, and keep an eye out to see if YOUR draft makes it into a future UD product., Are you on Twitter? Follow us at @UpperDeckSports for all sports and @UpperDeckHockey for our hockey fans for exclusive contests and prizes!, null, Want a chance to win an Upper Deck Michael Jordan Legacy Box Set? Sports Card Forum is running a contest to find the lucky winner., Once we get 500 fans on our UDA Fan Page, we'll be giving away a LeBron James framed numbered piece to one of our fans!, null, Today is the last day to complete your All-Time Ultimate Basketball Draft!  Be sure to put your #1 and #2 overall picks on the thread in the photo album to be entered to win some UD basketball product!  Your picks could be chosen and showcased in an upcoming release!, We just launched an Upper Deck Authenticated fan page- We're giving free memorabilia items away to our fans, so if you like it here, check out the UDA page!, Check out our newest Collector of the Month who put together the entire 20th Anniversary Set.  What's the biggest Upper Deck set you've ever put together?, null, What do you think, will Joe Mauer sign a long-term deal with the Twins or is he destined to get picked up by a big market team like Boston or New York?, Like FREE Memorabila Items?  We are launching a Facebook page for Upper Deck Authenticated.  Become a fan for a chance to win a Troy Aikman Auto Football, Kobe Bryant ASG Jersey, Michael Jordan photo, James Brown Autographed photo and a LeBron James framed number piece!, null, Did you know a Baseball Card Shop will be featured in a Super Bowl commercial this weekend?  Check out the story on our blog for Retailer of the Month, Tim's Baseball Card Shop., Thanks to everyone who participated in our National Hockey Card Day 
Holiday Hunt!  Two prizes are still out there, and here are some 
pictures of the lucky winners who are Facebook and Twitter 
fans/followers!, null, null, Who's won Holiday Hunt prizes in Canada so far?  US puck fans, let's see more of your Crosby photos!, Has anyone found one of these yet???  That's right, we randomly inserted 87 Crosby autograph cards in the National Hockey Card Day packs.  Still time to get the packs if you live in Canada, don't miss out!, Who is going to be our 3,500 fan????, null, Tomorrow Andrew Long will be filming a new Upper Deck video and he's looking for some extras. If you are available Saturday afternoon from 2:00-4:00 and are near Fullerton, CA, e-mail him at lightfantasticprod@hotmail.com., Big day tomorrow Canadians!  Don't miss out!, Check back tonight at 5PM (PST) for all the information regarding our National Hockey Card Day Holiday Hunt!  We will have specifics, as well as ways to win even if you're not in Canada! Stay Tuned!, Ready for the Winter Games in Vancouver?  We just posted images of "The Champions" insert set that can be found in 2009-10 NHL Upper Deck Series Two.  Check out the images in the photo gallery!, Congratulations to Tim's Baseball Cards out of IL for winning the opportunity to have his shop featured in a Super Bowl advertisement through Miller High Life.  Make sure to check out the commercial, and his shop!, null, null, We believe National Hockey Card Day is a holiday so we'll be bringing back our Holiday Hunt program this weekend.  The main prizes will be available in Canada hidden at hobby shops up there, but don't worry US puck fans, we will have some items for you to potentially win as well., null, null, Ladies and gentlemen he's back!  Our old friend Andrew Long from Packs to the People.  Check out what happens to him when he tries to open up 2009-10 NHL Upper Deck in this Twilight Zone version of the fun internet show., Don't forget to fill out your Ultimate All-Time Basketball draft for a chance to win free Upper Deck product, and potentially have YOUR picks integrated into a future UD release., It's official... only two teams remain in the Upper Deck Super Prize Pool!  Who do YOU think will win the Super Bowl?  Either these Saints or Colts fans will be the big winners., What do you think about the overtime rules in the NFL?  Too much emphasis on winning the coin toss?, OVERTIME!  Saints or Vikings, who's gonna win it???, Participating hobby shops have been posted for National Hockey Card Day.  Check them out to find the ones nearest to you.  Packs may go fast this year so make sure to call beforehand to find out when they open!, null, National Hockey Card Day is a week from tomorrow where Canadians can get a free pack of Upper Deck cards. Check out this fun event that Wayne's Sportscards will be doing with customers during the day. Score on the store owner and win!, Ovechkin got the best of Crosby and the Penguins last night, but Crosby's got the Cup.  If you could go back to their rookie years, which player would you collect?, Congratulations to Upper Deck exclusive spokesman LeBron James at sweeping Kobe and the Lakers for the season. "The Chosen One" had a big night tonight with 37 pts, 9 assts and 5 boards. LeBron is also the leading vote getter for the upcoming All-Star Game. New autograph cards of the "Akron Hammer" are coming soon, hang in there!, We were just reminiscing about this video.  It was really great to do something special like this for two collectors.  Valentine's Day is coming.  If you are looking for a fun way to pop the question to a collector, let us know...  We'll make sure the ring isn't a redemption!, null, null, Hockey Fans!!!  Be-A-Player and Artifacts Hockey Rookie Redemption checklists will be posted here Wednesday afternoon.  Don't miss them!, null, Who wants FREE Upper Deck Baseball cards?!?!  Check out these Baseball greats talking about Upper Deck's upcoming National Packtime event!, null, Don't forget to fill out your Ultimate Basketball Draft Picks for a chance to win free Upper Deck product!  Your draft could be featured in upcoming product.  Good luck!, Who dat! Who dat! Who dat say they gon beat them Saints?  Can the Cards do it???, null, Comment here if you completed our survey and put together your dream team for a chance to win some free product.  Who were your No. 1 and No. 2 overall picks? 

Your feedback will help our brand team put together the product, so stay tuned to see how your draft picks helped shape the product, Who will be the big winners this weekend? If you end up having guessed the team that wins it all, you could be the winner of an autographed 2009 Rookie Photo Shoot football or some boxes of football product.  Should be a great weekend of playoff football!, null, Help us put together the Ultimate All-Time Basketball Draft!  Follow the link below to put together your dream draft and for a chance to win some Upper Deck product!, More information on the USA Baseball Box sets..., Hi Everyone! We are looking for a fan that would like to help us put together an extensive list of sports blog contacts for each team in professional baseball, football, hockey and basketball.  If you have lots of free time, are pretty internet savvy, like free UD product and would like to help, email us at UpperDeckMarketing@upperdeck.com.  First one to email gets the position, thanks!, null, Are you a hockey fan?  Follow us on Twitter @UpperDeckHockey to chat with our Athlete Relations, Product Development and Brand Team about new products, hockey news and athletes signings and appearances., Blake Griffin will have season ending surgery and not play this season.  Check out ESPN's Bill Simmons column he wrote before the season.  Are the Clippers cursed???, null, Help The Bench get to their goal.  More details on our Discussions page., null, Who wants to see a gallery of the new USA Baseball Box Set images???  Coming up shortly in the Photos Section of our facebook page., null, null, We're extending the window to qualify for the Diamond Club program through the end of January, 2010.  If you think you have what it takes, get your application in ASAP., Chargers fans, what do you think about the LT Slide music video?  Will the Chargers be doing the "Super Bowl Shuffle" this February?, A Look Back at the First Half of the 2009-2010 NHL Season, Be sure you show your NFL TEAM PRIDE tonight before play-offs start tomorrow!  Place your name under the team cards you think will win the Super Bowl for a chance to win big!!  Good luck!, null, null, Who do you think will win the Super Bowl? Post under the cards of the team that is YOUR TEAM (only post under one team or you are disqualified) and you could win some free prizes! Post your choice by tomorrow to be entered - Good luck!, Thank you to everyone who participated in our Randy Johnson and Andre Dawson card contest!  Congratulations to our winners: Blakely Johnson, Jason Pilarski, Christopher Laclair and Scott Arras.  Check your inbox for a message from us!, Last chance to get your images in of Randy Johnson and Andre Dawson Upper Deck cards to win rare one-of-one plate cards.  Winners will be announced Friday morning at 9:00am PST., null, null, null, It's that time again.  We are looking to put the spotlight on a collector out there for the "Collector of the Month" section on our blog.  Do you have amazing Upper Deck items you want to show off, a UD set you completed that no one else could, amazing UDA memorabilia?  We want to hear from you.  If you think you have what it takes, e-mail us at UpperDeckMarketing@upperdeck.com today!, null, null, null, Thank you to everyone for sharing your various stories of how you help the less fortunate over the holidays.  Michael Doffing was our random winner - thank you "magicpapa" for helping to spread holiday cheer to those in need throughout the year!  We hope everyone has a fun and safe holiday!, null, null, null, null, null, During this Holiday Season, we would like to hear your stories about how you contribute to society by giving away cards/product to those less fortunate.  Tell/Show us how you help to make a difference during the holidays, and one selfless fan will get an autographed Ken Griffey Jr. promotional poster opposed to lumps of coal ;) Happy Holidays!, The Joe DiMaggio Cut Signature Card is the only prize still left in our Holiday Hunt!  Follow the new clues to claim the card.  Good Luck!, null, You’ve seen how we give during the holidays, no let’s see how you give. We’ve  got one last contest for 2010 for a very cool Ken Griffey Jr. Goodwins Champions signed promotional  item.  We’ll announce the details Monday, but we are looking for the most  generous collector.  In the meantime you may want to think about what cards you  might be able to do without and who would love to receive them during the  holidays., On Saturday, Dec. 12th,  Upper Deck conducted a signing with Chicago Blackhawks stars Jonathan Toews, Patrick Kane and Duncan Keith and Tampa Bay's Steven Stamkos.  Check it out!

http://upperdeckblog.com/2009/12/upper-deck-authenticated-skates-into-hockey-memorabilia/
, null, Looking for a place to talk about cards, try Sports Card Forum, one of the many great hobby communities out there.  What other sites do you find valuable as a collector?, We want to thank everyone who has been waiting on these cards for your patience.  They have been produced and have been sent out for signing.  We are happy to report we received cards back in from two athletes this week and we wanted to share images of the cards with you.  Like all Exquisite cards, images don't really due justice to the foil and thickness of these cards.

We are expecting to receive more in over the holidays and our Athlete Relations team is pushing on the players to get these done.  Once we have a good enough selection of the cards in house, we will begin shipping them out.  Hopefully that can take place in January., Check out the guys from the Hockey Card Show getting fired up about Upper Deck's 2010 National Hockey Card Day., Where's the Joe DiMaggio Cut Siganture Card?  More clues have just been added - Good luck!!, The new website for the 2010 National Hockey Card Day program launched today.  Check it out and make sure to mark January 30th on your calendar if you are in Canada.  Get a FREE pack of Upper Deck Hockey cards at stores throughout the country., The NFL tickets and NFL autographed football from the 2009 NFL Rookie Photo Shoot have both been claimed!  The NFL Tickets were found by Gary Olsen at The Bullpen in Henderson, NC, and the autographed football was found at New England's Sports Cards in Amherst, NH!  Congrats to both our winners, and 3 PRIZES STILL REMAIN!! Pictures coming soon!, null, New Clues just posted in our Holiday Hunt Album - FIVE PRIZES STILL REMAIN!!, null, null, 8 Prizes in the Holiday Hunt remain, and new clues were just added - GOOD LUCK and Happy Holidays!! :), More Clues for our Holiday Hunt have just been posted!, null, More clues just posted for our Holiday Hunt!, Today is the first day of Upper Deck's HOLIDAY HUNT!  We have hidden 12 great prizes across the U.S. and Canada for you to find!  Follow our clues each day to figure out where the prizes are hidden.  Clues will be found in our "Upper Deck's Holiday Hunt" photo album each day at 9:00 AM (PST).  In order to claim the prize, you must buy the pack we instruct you to buy then say the phrase 'I love Upper Deck's Holiday Hunt'! Have fun and good luck!!, On Saturday, Dec. 12th,  Upper Deck conducted a signing with Chicago Blackhawks stars Jonathan Toews, Patrick Kane and Duncan Keith and Tampa Bay's Steven Stamkos.  Check it out!

http://upperdeckblog.com/2009/12/upper-deck-authenticated-skates-into-hockey-memorabilia/
, Huge contest coming up Monday, make sure you stop by our facebook page to check it out.  We are giving away twelve amazing prizes in Upper Deck's Holiday Hunt.  Don't miss it!, null, null, null, In order to participate in our Holiday Hunt celebrating the 12 Days of Christmas, you will need to follow us on Twitter @UpperDeckHockey as well as be a fan of our Facebook page!  More details to come later today!!, null, For being a fan of Upper Deck, we are extending to you our Friends and Family Discount!!! You will save 35% Off your total purchase at our Upper Deck Store.  Enter the coupon code **UDFRIEND** at checkout to get your discount.  Happy Shopping!!!, null, Interesting article on Tiger Woods collectibles., Cool story about some nice pulls from Upper Deck packs., null, null, We've gotten into the holiday spirit and feel like giving stuff away... Anyone here like free stuff?  Get ready to celebrate The 12 Days of Christmas... think big!, FREE Shipping on orders in the U.S. at the Upper Deck Store - LeBron James, Michael Jordan, Ken Griffey Jr, Albert Pujols, Tony Romo... Lots of good gift ideas!, Congrats to Jay Williamson - A box of 2009 SPx Football is all yours!  Check your inbox for a message from us.  

Thanks to everyone for playing, and we'll select another random entry Monday that will win a 2009 SP Threads Football box.  Hope everyone has a great weekend, and don't forget to enter your rookie cards over the weekend!, While we wait for more people to upload their favorite UD Football cards, this video will be sure to keep you entertained!, null, Upload a picture of your favorite Upper Deck football card for a chance to win a box of 2009 SPx Football!  Winner will be announced today at 5:00 PST.  Good luck!, null, Are you on Twitter?  If so, find us @UpperDeckSports and @UpperDeckHockey  Tweet. Tweet., 2009 Ultimate Collection Football continues to build on one of the most collectible sets of all time with newly updated 1997 Legends Autographs falling 1 per case!  Additionally, look for ALL NEW Ultimate Personal Touch Autographs featuring unique inscriptions of the NFL’s top stars and Legends!  Every jersey card features at least six swatches, is oversized, or autographed!

Regular Set:
Regular Cards (100)
Ultimate Legends (50)
Ultimate Rookies (50)
Ultimate Rookie Signatures (20)

Top Inserts:
1997 Legends (1:15)
Ultimate Personal Touch (# to 3)
Ultimate Rookie Trio Signatures (Varied #)
Ultimate Patch Autograph (Varied #)

Break Summary: (on average)
Get one (1) Autograph or Memorabilia Card in every box!  Including:
One (1) 1997 Legends Autograph per case
One (1) Autographed-Memorabilia card per case
Every Jersey Card has at least six (6) swatches, is oversized, or autographed!

Configuration:
4 cards per pack
1 pack per box

Product Arrival Date: December
, What is Drew Brees' favorite food and who is his hero?  Who are Brian Cushing and Rey Maualuga's favorite actors and musicians?  Answers coming shortly with more photos of 2009 Upper Deck Ultimate Collection Personal Touch autographs., null, Rookie of the Week: Week 12 – Kenny Britt, Upper Deck Blog - Tense MLS Cup Match Goes to Shootout, John Tavares, Matt Duchene, James Van Riemsdyk, Evander Kane, Jonas Gustavsson, Viktor Hedman, Michael Del Zotto, Jamie Benn, Colin Wilson, Logan Couture, Artem Anisimov …      these names headline this year’s fantastic Rookie Class. And these are the guys who Rookie Card collectors will chase when SPA’s Autographed Future Watch cards hit the market with thunder!

Get 3 Signature Cards in each box! (on avg.)
Find at least 1 Autographed Future Watch card inside!
Sign of the Times return for another great season!
Collect Autographed Future Watch Patch cards 
These mega hits are #’d to 100 & average 1-2 per case!
Tavares, Duchene, Van Riemsdyk, E. Kane, Gustavsson, Hedman & Del Zotto lead the way!
Find SP Holo F/X cards!
Also grab die-cut holograms, averaging 1 per case!
Look for Prestigious Pairings ~ fantastic 2-player autographs! 
SP Chirography and Immortal Inks offer excellent low #’d hits!
Sign of the Times 5’s, 6’s, 7’s & 8’s are truly unique collectibles!

Break Summary:
Box Break:
3 Signatures Total
1 Autographed Future Watch      (minimum)
2 SP Holo F/X cards
3 SP Essentials

Case Break:
1-2 Autographed Future Watch Patch cards
1-2 Rookie Review Patch cards
1 Sign of the Times Dual Autograph card
1 SP Holo F/X Die-Cut card

Key Inserts:
Autographed Future Watch:
John Tavares, Matt Duchene, James Van Riemsdyk, Jonas Gustavsson, Michael Del Zotto, Evander Kane, Viktor Hedman, Jamie Benn, Logan Couture, Artem Anisimov, Mikael Backlund, Michael Grabner, Lars Eller...

Immortal Inks:
Bobby Orr, Wayne Gretzky, Phil Esposito, Ray Bourque, Steve Yzerman, Mark Messier, Luc Robitaille, Jean Beliveau, Don Cherry, Tony Esposito, Cam Neely, Bobby Hull, & more!

Configuration:
5 Cards/Pack
24 Packs/Box
12 Boxes/Case
, just updated product release dates on our Info page.  Ultimate and SP Authentic Football have slipped a bit to get more autograph content in., null, It's time for the Thanksgiving Senior Scramble!  Take a video or pictures of opening some packs with Grandpa and Grandma (or any older relative) for your chance to win a box of your favorite sport!  Post the video/pictures here, and have a fun and safe Thanksgiving!!!!  Gobble Gobble., null, Upper Deck's Ultimate Fan Contest ends TOMORROW, so hurry and submit your entries to win 20 game tickets, $1500 to NFLShop.com and your own UD football card to be in one of our 2010 releases!, BREAKING NEWS: Upper Deck just signed a deal with Jorge Posada for autograph and game-used memorabilia cards for 2010 Baseball card sets.  Look for great autographs of five-time World Champions Posada, Pettitte,Rivera and Jeter coming in 2010 Upper Deck Baseball releases., null, Only available in Upper Deck Certified Diamond Dealer hobby shops throughout the United States and Canada, catch the 2009/10 NHL Biography of a Season set.  A new card will be available each week with the first cards arriving in the next two weeks.  Collect the entire 30-card set just be visiting your local hobby shop., null, 2009 Ultimate Collection Football continues to build on one of the most collectible sets of all time with newly updated 1997 Legends Autographs falling 1 per case!  Additionally, look for ALL NEW Ultimate Personal Touch Autographs featuring unique inscriptions of the NFL’s top stars and Legends!  Every jersey card features at least six swatches, is oversized, or autographed!

Regular Set:
Regular Cards (100)
Ultimate Legends (50)
Ultimate Rookies (50)
Ultimate Rookie Signatures (20)

Top Inserts:
1997 Legends (1:15)
Ultimate Personal Touch (# to 3)
Ultimate Rookie Trio Signatures (Varied #)
Ultimate Patch Autograph (Varied #)

Break Summary: (on average)
Get one (1) Autograph or Memorabilia Card in every box!  Including:
One (1) 1997 Legends Autograph per case
One (1) Autographed-Memorabilia card per case
Every Jersey Card has at least six (6) swatches, is oversized, or autographed!

Configuration:
4 cards per pack
1 pack per box

Product Arrival Date: December
, Configuration:
8 cards per pack
24 packs per box
Product Arrival Date: February

Regular Set:
Regular Cards (200)
Young Guns (50)

Top Inserts:
Acetate Hits: Rookie Breakouts (# to 100) & Draft Class (# to 10)
The Champions (inserted 1:12)
Fab Four Fabrics (# to 100)
UD Rookie Materials Patch (# to 25)

Box Break: (on average)
Six (6) Young Guns RC’s
One (1) Rookie Materials
One (1) UD Game Jersey
Twelve (12) Victory Rookies
Tavares, Duchene, Kane, Gustavsson, Van Riemsdyk
All top 2009-10 Rookies!!
Two (2) The Champions
Case Break: (on average)
One (1) Die-Cut Acetate card
Draft Class & Rookie Breakouts
One (1) UD Signatures
, Check out what he does with his decoys, a little shooting gallery..., We've got some new images of NFL and NHL products.  Which do you want to see first?, Upper Deck gets kudos for embracing social media., Congratulations to Josh, Michael, Tyson and Richie who are all winners from our weekend contest.  We loved how they turned decoys into holiday decorations and new cards.  Nobody was able to build a decoy tower higher than six levels.  Come on, there's got to be someone out there who can do it.  Show us a seven level decoy tower and you will be rewarded., The premier edition of Goodwin Champions baseball will deliver stunning retro-styled images of baseball’s finest active and retired stars alongside legends from the realms of surfing, thoroughbred horse racing, martial arts and more! Set collectors will have an engrossing challenge pursuing an array of high-series short-prints and minis. A slew of new-concept, DNA memorabilia cards will also make their debuts . . . redefining the guidelines for what can be incorporated into a trading card!

Box Break:
Two (2) Memorabilia Series cards per box, on average!
One (1) Hard-Signed Autograph Series card per box, on average!
Twenty (20) Minis per box, on average!
Ten (10) short-printed subset cards – including two (2) Super SP’s - per box, on average!

Case Break:
One (1) Entomology, Landmarks or Thoroughbred Hair Cuts DNA memorabilia card per 12-box hobby case, on average!

Recently added - Some were asking for more images of the Baseball cards.  We have added in several more card images that showcase the beauty of this set with MLB players.  Goodwin is not just about baseball however.  We will be adding in some other examples of some of the non-MLB cards later on this week., null, We just announced a weekend contest for free one-of-one printing plate cards in our photo gallery.  Grab those decoy cards and check it out!!!, Tiger Woods Fan? Get 34% off Tiger memorabilia items.. We're honoring Tiger's victory at the Australian Masters, and sale ends Monday so hurry to snatch up some holiday gifts while you can!  (If great sales are your sorta thing)  :), If you could jump into a time machine and could watch any NHL game, which game would you attend? Tell us on our @UpperDeckHockey Twitter account for your chance to win a box of Fleer Ultra!, null, Just added New York Yankee World Champs Andy Pettitte and Mariano Rivera to autograph deals, joining fellow Yankee, Derek Jeter in our 2010 baseball lineup!, North America’s largest hockey collector show, best known as the NHL Fall Expo celebrated its 19th year!  The event was held at the Toronto International Centre where 400 dealer and corporate booths all featuring rare cards and sports memorabilia were ready to meet collectors from around the globe.  Upper Deck was a definite highlight of the show with our daily Wrapper Redemption Program.  Collectors formed lines every day, excited about landing an autograph trading card from players such as Sidney Crosby, Wayne Gretzky, Gordie Howe, and Rookie John Tavares.  The attendees brought 1 box of 2009-10 UD Series 1 or Artifacts in exchange for 1 of the 2009 Priority Signings autographed trading cards—all with limited numbering were available at random as our show exclusive Redemptions.  The foil was flying as hockey fans opened up hundreds of boxes of 2009/10 Upper Deck NHL products.  The entire 2009 Priority Signings list was as follows:

•              Adam Burish
•              Alexander Edler
•              Jonas Gustavsson
•              Bob Baun
•              Blake Comeau
•              Barry Melrose
•              Bobby Orr
•              Bob Probert
•              John Tavares
•              Dustin Byfuglien
•              Cory Schneider
•              Dan Boyle
•              Daniel Paille
•              Darryl Sutter
•              Frank Mahovlich
•              Gordie Howe
•              Henrik Zetterberg
•              Kristopher Letang
•              Martin Brodeur
•              Mark Messier
•              Marc-Andre Fleury
•              Maxim Lapierre
•              Marty McSorley
•              Nathan Horton
•              Phil Esposito
•              Phil Kessel
•              Patrick Roy
•              Rene Bourque
•              Ron Hextall
•              Ryan Parent
•              Sidney Crosby
•              Darryl Sittler
•              Steve Yzerman
•              Wayne Gretzky

Each day, we went through our daily allotment of Redemption Cards within 2 hours., null, null, To celebrate 2,500 fans, we are giving away a 25% Off code to our Upper Deck Store! Check your Inbox then the "Updates" section on the left hand side to view the code.  Happy Shopping and thanks for supporting Upper Deck!, null, Thank you to our first 2,500 Facebook fans!!! As a thank you we'd like to offer you a special discount, so check your Inbox for a special promotional code for 25% OFF to use on our online store!  Thanks for supporting Upper Deck!, null, Want to be the face of Upper Deck's 2010 SPx Baseball?  We're searching for the collector! Just give us a photo (no modeling required!), your "stage name" and five points that call out the best features of SPx and why you collect! CONTSET ENDS TOMORROW so hurry and give us your entry... good luck!, has staff in Louisville for the Hunt Auction and Toronto for the NHL Fall Expo.  Should be a great day!, null, null, null, Have any extra packs of cards laying around? UD is partnering with "Operation Gratitude" to get 1 million packs of cards to send to our Troops by Veteran's Day 2010.  Please help us to reach our goal!!  

Thank you to all those past and current members of our military who constantly fight to protect us, now let's do our part to help!, null, We just got in some of the 2009 Goodwin Champions Baseball Landmarks cards.  It's fitting to get the cards in with the sand from Omaha Beach today.  Make sure to check them out and if you are waiting on a redemption for them, these will be shipping out soon., The premier edition of Goodwin Champions baseball will deliver stunning retro-styled images of baseball’s finest active and retired stars alongside legends from the realms of surfing, thoroughbred horse racing, martial arts and more! Set collectors will have an engrossing challenge pursuing an array of high-series short-prints and minis. A slew of new-concept, DNA memorabilia cards will also make their debuts . . . redefining the guidelines for what can be incorporated into a trading card!

Box Break:
Two (2) Memorabilia Series cards per box, on average!
One (1) Hard-Signed Autograph Series card per box, on average!
Twenty (20) Minis per box, on average!
Ten (10) short-printed subset cards – including two (2) Super SP’s - per box, on average!

Case Break:
One (1) Entomology, Landmarks or Thoroughbred Hair Cuts DNA memorabilia card per 12-box hobby case, on average!

Recently added - Some were asking for more images of the Baseball cards.  We have added in several more card images that showcase the beauty of this set with MLB players.  Goodwin is not just about baseball however.  We will be adding in some other examples of some of the non-MLB cards later on this week., null, null, null, just announced 2009 Sweet Spot Baseball Green Ink print run information on the Baseball Discussion area of our facebook page.  Check it out!, NHL Rookies Learn How to Limbo!!! This video is hilarious! http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2jcHHA3Bp_E, Let us know your favorite all-time hockey card for a chance to win a box of 2009-10 O-Pee-Chee hockey!!  Tell us on Twitter @UpperDeckHockey, We are looking for the Ultimate NFL Fan... are you it?  PROVE IT to win 20 NFL game tickets, $1500 to NFLShop.com and your own UD trading card!!, null, null, Greetings from NHL rookie Mike Santorelli after our signing today!, null, Wrapping up our signing with Mike.. More live signings to come!, http://ping.fm/p/TU57B - Mike said his most cherished moment so far in the NHL was scoring his   first goal last week, We're getting off the freeway to meet up with NHL rookie Santorelli...   He's got 100 things to sign. Pictures to come shortly.. Let us know   what you want us to ask him!, null, We are looking for the new face of SPx for 2010 SPx Baseball.  Will it be you?, just signed an autograph deal with Jose Canseco for 2010 Upper Deck Baseball products., Sporting two tiers of Rookie Cards, four terrific multi-swatch jersey inserts and a windfall of great autograph offerings, Trilogy Hockey delivers hits throughout the set. With its trademark scheme of 1 signature, rookie or jersey card in every pack, Trilogy delivers from the minute go. Add in some of the low-numbered multi-player plexi-glass autographs, and it’s a winner!

Get 3 autograph, rookie and jersey cards in every box!
Find 1 great hit in every pack!
Get 1 Autographed Plexi-Glass card per Box!
Also find multi-player card of this sleek, popular insert!
Added this year:
Autographed Jersey cards!
Three distinct inserts numbered to just 5!
Look for Classic Confrontations dual-sided jersey cards!
These great hits fall 2 per case!
Grab at least 2 swatches on every jersey card in the set!
Get more low-numbered jersey parallels!

Break Summary:
Box Break:
3 Autograph cards
3 Rookie Cards
3 Memorabilia Cards
1 Autographed Plexi-Glass card

Case Break:
2 Classic Confrontations
Two-sided, 3 players per side
2-3 Hat Trick Heroes Jerseys
Three swatches per card!

Key Inserts:
Ice Scripts:
Sidney Crosby, Bobby Orr, Pavel Datsyuk, Patrick Kane, Ilya Kovalchuk, Martin Brodeur, Cam Neely, Carey Price and more! 

Linemates Autograph Jerseys:
Gretzky/Robitaille, Ovechkin/Backstrom,   Lafleur/Shutt, Lecavalier/St. Louis, Datsyuk/Holmstrom and more!

Classic Confrontations:
Sakic/Bourque/Roy – Elias/Niedermayer/Brodeur   Datsyuk/Zetterberg/Hossa – Crosby/Malkin/Staal and more!

Configuration:
5 Cards/Pack
9 Packs/Box
10 Boxes/Case
, In terms of hype, few products on the market get as much buzz as UD1. With the anticipation for 1st rookie cards of the new class which hits the ice in October, Young Guns top everyone’s list of must-have cards. This year’s crop could include Canadian Phenom John Tavares, Flyers’ prospect James VanRiemsdyk, Canadian Jr. star Cody Hodgson and a host of other top talents!

Young Guns hit the ice with thunder! (averaging 6 per box)
Get these must-have RC’s – 1st cards for players debuting in Oct.!
A UD staple – collect 2 UD Game Jersey cards per box!
Get Big Playmakers cards!
These case hits are #’d to just 75!
Find Clearly Canadian Die-cut acetate cards!
Also averaging 1 per case!
Triple your pleasure with Clear Cut trios acetate cards!
These hits are rock solid, and #’d to just 25!
Collect the All-World Team insert, hitting 2 per box!
Short-prints fall 2-3 per case, and are sure to drive stellar values!
Grab Exclusive & High Gloss parallels of this terrific set too!

Break Summary:
Box Break:
6  Young Guns Rookie Cards
2  UD Game Jersey cards
2  All-World Team cards
6  Superstar insert cards

Case Break:
1  Big Playmakers oversized swatch jersey card
1  Clearly Canadian OR Clear Cut Trios acetate card
1  Signature Sensations card
2-3  All-World Team SP’s
3-4 Parallel cards

Key Inserts:
Big Playmakers:
	Alexander Ovechkin, Cam Neely, Carey Price, Ilya Kovalchuk,   Martin Brodeur, Eric Staal,      Jason Spezza, Pavel Datsyuk   Sidney Crosby, Jonathan Toews, Vincent Lecavalier, Patrick Kane … 

Clearly Canadian (acetate cards):
	Wayne Gretzky, Mario Lemieux, Bobby Orr, Martin Brodeur,   Vincent Lecavalier, Guy Lafleur,  Luc Robitaille, Mark Messier, Jarome Iginla, Jonathan Toews, Eric Staal, Rick Nash & More!

Configuration:
8 Cards/Pack
24 Packs/Box
12 Boxes/Case
, One of the first products of the new season to feature rookies who debut after Opening Night, MVP has a bit of something for everyone. With Two on Two Jerseys and One on One Autographs – both featuring top NHL stars on both sides of the card – this set delivers value from a friendly price point. Add in parallels and Hart Trophy-based inserts, and you’ve got MVP! 

Get MVP Rookies, falling 1 in 2 packs on average!
Find Dual-sided Jersey cards, averaging 1 per box!
These Two on Two Jersey cards feature 4 NHL stars!
Collect MVP’s with the Hart Winners insert!
Get a jump on future Hart Trophy finalists with Hart Candidates too!
Snag great signature cards with One on One Autographs!
Similar to jerseys, these feature players on both sides of the card!
Find Gold & Super Script parallels of the regular set!
With cards #’d to 100 and 25, respectively, they provide nice hits!
Build a great set – with 300 regular cards and top-notch rookies, this is perfect for collectors who enjoy completing an entire set!

Break Summary:
Box Break:
12 MVP Rookie Cards
1 Two on Two Jersey card
1-2 Gold/Super Script parallel cards
6 Hart Candidates/Winners cards

Case Break:
1 One on One Autograph card

Key Inserts:
Two on Two Jerseys:
	Brodeur/Parise/Fleury/Crosby, Toews/Kane/Zetterberg/Datsyuk, Iginla/Jokinen/Gagner/Cogliano, Modano/Neal/Koivu/Bouchard, Malkin/Staal/Richards/Carter, Kovalchuk/Little/Stamkos, St. Louis, Setoguchi/Thornton/Mueller/Doan, and other great combos! 

One on One Autographs:
	Gretzky/Messier, Brodeur/Fleury, Malkin/Carter, Turco/Giguere,     Kane/Oshie, Staal/Kovalchuk, Ovechkin/Malkin, Nash/Toews

Configuration:
8 Cards/Pack
24 Packs/Box
12 Boxes/Case
, Black Diamond has been a winner for Rookie Cards for more than a decade, and this year’s crop should put the spotlight onto some noteworthy RC’s who will appear in this set! Getting 3 Triple Diamond Rookies and 1 Quad in every box delivers great hits right off the bat; add in two 4-swatch jersey cards, perimeter die-cuts, parallels and a chance for autos, and you’re cookin’!

Get 3 Triple Diamond RC’s + 1 Quad Diamond RC in each box!
A total of 6 Triple Diamond and 2 Quad Diamond cards per box!
Look for 2 Quad-Swatch Jersey cards per box!
Four jersey parallels include a signed version, #’d to just 5!
Grab Hardware Heroes die-cut cards!
These gems fall 2 per case and are #’d to just 100!
Insert Set Collectors are Set up:
Find Horizontal Regular Card variations!
Role-Reversal: Die-cut versions hit 2/box, but regular versions fall 1 in every other box!
Collect Gemography autograph cards, falling 1 in every other box!
Ruby, Gold & Platinum parallels offer more great low-#’d hits!

Break Summary:
Box Break:
6 Triple Diamond Cards
2 Quad Diamond Cards
6 Double Diamond Reg. cards
2 Quad-Swatch Jersey cards
2 Horizontal Perimeter Die-Cuts
1 Parallel, #’d 100 or less

Case Break:
1-2 Hardware Heroes cards
6 Gemography Autographs
6 Horizontal Variations

Key Inserts:
Quad-Swatch Jerseys: Alexander Ovechkin,       Evgeni Malkin, Drew Doughty, Martin Brodeur, Carey Price, Vincent Lecavalier, Rick Nash, Jonathan Toews, Sidney Crosby, Dion Phaneuf, Patrick Kane, & more! 

Hardware Heroes: Wayne Gretzky, Mark Messier, Mario Lemieux, Steve Yzerman, Sidney Crosby, Patrick Roy, Bobby Orr, Henrik Zetterberg and more!

Configuration:
5 Cards/Pack
24 Packs/Box
12 Boxes/Case

, Like to watch NFL Touchdown Celebrations?  Here are the Top 10 from this year's NFL Rookie Photo Shoot - ENJOY!, null, Stretching the boundaries of hockey card products last year was Champ’s Hockey, featuring dinosaurs, fossils, artifacts, bones, endangered species and more, all on cool-to-collect tobacco-style mini cards! Building on that success is 2009-10 Champ’s, which has a terrific lineup of inserts including more amazing creatures, a museum collection and great mini autos!

Wonders of the World, Dinosaurs, Historical Figures & Lots More!

“Museum Pieces” offer a true slice of History!
From bones & teeth to artifacts & fossils, this is a trip through time!

Find 2 Mini Cards in Every Pack!

Get 4 Mini Autograph or Memorabilia cards per box! (on avg.)
Pull 1-2 mini signatures
Seize at least 2 mini threads collectibles
Find Mini Rookie Cards – all of the year’s best! 
Look for 4 tiers of mini rookies + 4 tiers of regular mini parallels!

Break Summary:
Box Break:
4 Signature or Jersey cards
1-2 Mini Signatures
At least 2 Mini Threads
5 Mini Rookie Cards
10 Wonders of the World/Natural History/Historical Figures cards 
1 Red Back mini parallel card
8 Regular-Sized Parallels

Case Break:
1 “Museum Pieces” card
2 Hall of Legends Sports Memorabilia cards
1-2 mini rookie parallel cards
4 Regular-Sized Animal Icon parallels
7 (colored) mini parallel cards

Key Inserts:
Museum Pieces (projected):
Dinosaur Teeth, Golden Jurassic Amminites, Paradoxides Trilobite, Turtle Claw, Great White Shark Tooth, Giant Armadillo Claw, Woolly Mammoth Molar Tooth, Giant Capybara Molars, Aurochs Thoracic Vertibra, Wild Boar Fossil Teeth and more amazing “Museum Pieces” … 

Mini Signatures:
Alexander Ovechkin, LeBron James, Jarome Iginla, Sidney Crosby,    Wayne Gretzky, Dr. J, Bobby Orr, Steve Yzerman, John Tavares,       Mr. Hockey, Carey Price, Martin Brodeur, Evander Kane & other stars!

Configuration:
5 Cards/Pack (2 Mini’s!)
20 Packs/Box
16 Boxes/Case

Product Arrival Date: Mach 2010
, null, The premier edition of Goodwin Champions baseball will deliver stunning retro-styled images of baseball’s finest active and retired stars alongside legends from the realms of surfing, thoroughbred horse racing, martial arts and more! Set collectors will have an engrossing challenge pursuing an array of high-series short-prints and minis. A slew of new-concept, DNA memorabilia cards will also make their debuts . . . redefining the guidelines for what can be incorporated into a trading card!

Box Break:
Two (2) Memorabilia Series cards per box, on average!
One (1) Hard-Signed Autograph Series card per box, on average!
Twenty (20) Minis per box, on average!
Ten (10) short-printed subset cards – including two (2) Super SP’s - per box, on average!

Case Break:
One (1) Entomology, Landmarks or Thoroughbred Hair Cuts DNA memorabilia card per 12-box hobby case, on average!

Recently added - Some were asking for more images of the Baseball cards.  We have added in several more card images that showcase the beauty of this set with MLB players.  Goodwin is not just about baseball however.  We will be adding in some other examples of some of the non-MLB cards later on this week., null, This is a previously unannounced card we produced of Favre that is inserted into packs of 2009 SPx.  It is more limited than the version with Favre wearing the red jersey or of Vick.  If you pulled one of these, you've really got something special of the gunslinger looking to take the Vikings to the next level., null, The Home of the Rookie Jersey Card has become a springboard for some of the hottest rookie cards on the market the past few seasons. With budding phenoms such as John Tavares, Victor Hedman, Cody Hodgson, Matt Duchene and others ready to join the mix, SPx shapes up to be simply fantastic this season. Add in Shadowbox cards & Winning Materials, and SPx will rock! 

Get 2 Rookie Jersey Cards per box! (on avg.)
At least 1 is Autographed!
Collect 1 Short-printed RC per case – on average!
Grab 1 Winning Materials & 1 Winning Combos card per box!
Both inserts feature a pair of jersey swatches on each card!
NEW: Shadowbox Cards Debut!
These case hits feature rare ‘Stoppers’ versions as well!
Flashback Fabrics hold the line as an SPx staple!
Autograph versions typically net strong secondary-market value!
Collect Winning Trios jersey cards!
These three-player memorabilia hits are #’d to just 50!

Break Summary
Box Break:
1 Rookie Jersey Card
1 Signed Rookie Jersey card
1 Winning Materials Jersey card
1 Winning Combos Jersey card
3 SPx Rookies/SPxcitement

Case Break:
1 Autographed Rookie Jersey card #’d to 499
1 Shadowbox card
1 Signed Flashback Fabrics
2 Flashback Fabrics cards
2 Winning Trios Jersey cards
3-4 Spectrum parallels

Key Inserts:
Winning Materials:
Ovechkin, Toews, Lucic, Gaborik, Spezza, Luongo, Iginla, Messier and more!

Winning Combos:
Crosby/Ovechkin, Iginla/Kiprusoff, Koivu/Koivu, Toews/Campbell, Roy/Luongo, Hawerchuk/Selanne, Datsyuk/Lidstrom, Brodeur/Parise, Yzerman/Bowman,  & other greats!

Shadowbox Stoppers:
Patrick Roy, Martin Brodeur, Tony Esposito, Martin Brodeur, Miikka Kiprusoff, Carey Price, Steve Mason, Marc-Andre Fleury & more

Configuration:
4 Cards/Pack
18 Packs/Box
14 Boxes/Case
, North America’s largest hockey collector show, best known as the NHL Fall Expo celebrated its 19th year!  The event was held at the Toronto International Centre where 400 dealer and corporate booths all featuring rare cards and sports memorabilia were ready to meet collectors from around the globe.  Upper Deck was a definite highlight of the show with our daily Wrapper Redemption Program.  Collectors formed lines every day, excited about landing an autograph trading card from players such as Sidney Crosby, Wayne Gretzky, Gordie Howe, and Rookie John Tavares.  The attendees brought 1 box of 2009-10 UD Series 1 or Artifacts in exchange for 1 of the 2009 Priority Signings autographed trading cards—all with limited numbering were available at random as our show exclusive Redemptions.  The foil was flying as hockey fans opened up hundreds of boxes of 2009/10 Upper Deck NHL products.  The entire 2009 Priority Signings list was as follows:

•              Adam Burish
•              Alexander Edler
•              Jonas Gustavsson
•              Bob Baun
•              Blake Comeau
•              Barry Melrose
•              Bobby Orr
•              Bob Probert
•              John Tavares
•              Dustin Byfuglien
•              Cory Schneider
•              Dan Boyle
•              Daniel Paille
•              Darryl Sutter
•              Frank Mahovlich
•              Gordie Howe
•              Henrik Zetterberg
•              Kristopher Letang
•              Martin Brodeur
•              Mark Messier
•              Marc-Andre Fleury
•              Maxim Lapierre
•              Marty McSorley
•              Nathan Horton
•              Phil Esposito
•              Phil Kessel
•              Patrick Roy
•              Rene Bourque
•              Ron Hextall
•              Ryan Parent
•              Sidney Crosby
•              Darryl Sittler
•              Steve Yzerman
•              Wayne Gretzky

Each day, we went through our daily allotment of Redemption Cards within 2 hours., null, FREE 2009 MLB ICONS BOX - The first 10 fans to follow and Direct Message us on Twitter with their favorite '09 MLB UD Card will get a FREE box of 2009 Icons!  p.s. Don't forget to give us a shipping address!, null, No autograph, no jersey, no patch – no matter! The Ice Premieres Rookie Cards are some of   the most sought-after of the entire season. Well-positioned on the Ice-inspired PETG acetate surface, these Rookie Cards are hot! Add in Rinkside Signings, Signature Swatches       (covered by acetate & signed on top of the swatch), and this set is nothing but cool!

Get highly collectible Ice Premieres Rookie Cards!
The numbering starts at 99, with value through & through!
Four tiers in all, setting a strategy for success!
Grab 1 signature card per box!
Glacial Graphs, Rinkside Signings & more rock the ice!
Also get 2 memorabilia cards in each box! 
Three parallels incorporate patches & autographs to equal big hits!
Awesome Rookie Class = Awesome Ice Premieres Patch Cards!
Numbered to just 10, these will be huge in the market!
Find Rinkside Signings, one of the year’s best!
A rink design, acetete surface, with signature. Superb!
Frozen Foursomes – better than a 4-on-3 in OT!

Break Summary:
Box Break:
4 Ice Premieres Rookie Cards
1 Autograph Cards
2 Jersey or Patch cards

Case Break:
1 Ice Premieres         
Rookie Card #’d to 99
1 Signature Swatches card
1 Rinkside Signings Card

Key Inserts:
Ice Premieres Rookie Cards:
	John Tavares, Matt Duchene,  James van Riemsdyk, Jonas Gustavsson, Michael Del Zotto, Victor Hedman, Colin Wilson, Evander Kane, Tyler Bozak,    Sergei Shirokov, Michael Grabner, Ryan O’Reilly and more hot rookies! 

Glacial Graphs:
John Tavares, Mario Lemieux,   Rick Nash, Phil Esposito,       Patrick Roy, Evander Kane,    Gordie Howe, Jeff Carter,      Steven Stamkos & many more!

Configuration:
5 Cards/Pack
20 Packs/Box
16 Boxes/Case

Product arrival date: February 2010, You a hockey fan?  Follow our Upper Deck Hockey Twitter account to hear about our athlete signings, exclusive product updates and hockey-specific info straight from Upper Deck hockey employees!, null, Exciting news, 2009 NFL UD Black will be released with ZERO redemptions.  That's right, all autograph content will be live in the product., null, null, B.J. Mullens is Jordan Brand Classic Redemption #2 from 2009/10 Draft Edition Basketball.  Check out the images of the first two cards announced in our photo gallery on facebook!, Who will be the next Basketball superstar?  Capitalize on the first opportunity to collect 2009-10 Rookie Cards with Draft Edition Basketball!  Uncover basketball legends and future All-Stars with 2009-10 Draft Edition Basketball!

Regular Set:
Rookie Cards (68)
Alma Mater (24)
School Ties (13)
Coaching Legends (3)
Tournament Titans (15)
Draft Class (10)
Insert Highlights:
School Ties Autographs (Varied #) – DUAL SIGNED
Draft Class Autographs (Varied #) – TRIPLE SIGNED

Box Break: (on average)
Four (4) Autographs per box!
All Autographs are limited numbered
Every pack contains an insert, signature, or numbered parallel card!

Case Break: (on average)
One (1) multi-signed card per case!

Configuration:
10 cards per pack
16 packs per box
12 boxes per case 

Product Arrival Date: July, 28 2009
, Hockey Fans, interested to know which rookies are in 2009/10 NHL Fleer Ultra and 2009/10 NHL UD Black as exchange cards?  Check out the 2009/10 NHL Rookie Exchange Cards thread in the Discussions area of our facebook page., Upper Deck is looking for the next "Collector of the Month" to spotlight on the Upper Deck Blog.  Do you have an impressive collection to share?  Tell us about it with images at upperdeckmarketing@upperdeck.com., We're looking for the Ultimate NFL Fan... ARE YOU IT??, null, Lace 'Em Up: Upper Deck Puts NHL Rookies through Boot Camp (Video 4), null, null, null, Brag Photo of the Week: ‘Legendary Pioneers’ – Who Will Take it Home?

http://upperdeckblog.com/2009/10/brag-photo-of-the-week-%E2%80%98legendary-pioneers%E2%80%99-%E2%80%93-who-will-take-it-home/, Upper Deck Blog - Monday Night Highlights: Chargers Face Reality, Redskins and Eagles Looking for Redemption
http://upperdeckblog.com/2009/10/monday-night-highlights-chargers-face-reality-redskins-and-eagles-looking-for-redemption/, Get your facepaint and NFL jersey ready for this weekend's NFL match-ups.  We're looking for the Ultimate NFL Fan to win the Ultimate NFL Game Day Package! 
http://www.upperdeckultimatefan.com/, The Wild Bill Cody Memorabilia cards are limited to just five copies and went out as exchange cards.  The cards just came in this week and will be shipping out soon.  The material in the cards came from a chair in Cody's home. A unique piece to say the least., You think you open up a lot of cards?  Watch these guys open up case after case of 209/10 NBA Exquisite:
http://freedomcardboard.com/forum/viewtopic.php?f=2&t=64720, Upper Deck Blog - 09/10 NBA Season Preview
http://upperdeckblog.com/2009/10/2009-10-nba-season-outlook/, Check out the NY Giants Ultimate Girl Fan!  Is Reby Sky the Ultimate Football Fan??
http://upperdeckultimatefan.com/view, Upper Deck Blog - MLB Playoffs: Living on the Edge
http://upperdeckblog.com/2009/10/mlb-playoffs-living-on-the-edge/, Upper Deck Blog - NFL’s Week 6 Top Rookie: Hakeem Nicks http://upperdeckblog.com/2009/10/nfl%E2%80%99s-week-6-top-rookie-hakeem-nicks/, Important information on 2009 MLB Goodwin Champions, check it out!!!, Win a four pack of 1-of-1 Adrian Peterson 20th Anniversary printing plates by entering your UD Football Rookies at www.OwnTheRookies.com!  

http://sports.upperdeck.com/community/forums/1844183/ShowThread.aspx#1844183, Upper Deck Blog - Calling all Football Fans... Are YOU The Ultimate Football Fan? PROVE IT.
http://upperdeckblog.com/2009/10/searching-for-the-ultimate-nfl-fan/, Upper Deck Blog - Top NFL Rookie from Week 5: Jeremy Maclin http://upperdeckblog.com/2009/10/top-nfl-rookie-from-week-5-jeremy-maclin/, Upper Deck Blog - Look at the Bosox and Angels in the ALDS  http://upperdeckblog.com/2009/10/golf-anyone/, One of the most collectable and widely popular basketball brands of years past makes its return as a stand-alone product.  2010 Greats of the Game Basketball is well positioned to thrill Old School and New School hoops fans with strong content featuring basketball stars from the past, present and future!

Regular Set:
Regular Cards (100)
Big Man on Campus (25)
Banner Season (25)
Old School (25)
Glory Days (25)

Top Inserts:
Memorable Monikers Autographs (Varied #)
Legends of the Hall Autographs (Varied #)
School Pride Autographs (Varied #)

Break Summary:  (on average)
Get three (3) Autographs or Memorabilia Cards in every box!
Including two (2) foil numbered autographs per Case!
Look for Memorable Monikers Dual Inscription cards!
Rare Immortals Cut Signatures and Dual Cut Signatures!
Collect autographs from players like Michael Jordan, LeBron James, Larry Bird, Magic Johnson, and more!

Configuration:
8 cards per pack
16 packs per box

Product Arrival Date: March, 2010, Think you're the Ultimate NFL Fan?? http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Bp09gi1JgVU&feature=player_profilepage PROVE IT., Are you the Ultimate Football Fan? PROVE IT and win a VIP TICKET PACKAGE for your team - Just submit a video, photo or written entry here: http://www.upperdeckultimatefan.com/, http://upperdeckblog.com/2009/10/brandon-roy-has-got-next/, http://upperdeckblog.com/2009/10/brag-photo-of-the-week-richard-nixon/ http://upperdeckblog.com/2009/10/brag-photo-of-the-week-richard-nixon/, Rockies fans, where are you???  We are looking for one Upper Deck facebook fan in Colorado to be our guest to game 4 on Sunday, October 11.  First one to respond who is a fan of the page and in the Denver area will be going.,  http://upperdeckblog.com/2009/10/collector-of-the-month-gabriel-darthenay/, Any Upper Deck Facebook Fans in Minnesota? Respond here and we might just be sending you to game 2 of the ALDS against the Yankees.  You must live in the Minnesota area and be a fan of this page., 2009 MLB SPx Rookie Redemptions have been finalized.  Here's the list of players in the set: RR1 - Koji Uehara - Card #130 RR2 - Colby Rasmus - Card #125 RR3 - Andrew McCutchen - Card #128 RR4 - Matt Wieters - Card #124 RR5 - Chris Tillman - Card #129 RR6 - Josh Reddick - Card #126 RR7 - Mat Latos - Card #127, What are your playoff predictions? Post them here! http://upperdeckblog.com/2009/10/fearless-2009-mlb-playoff-predictions/,  http://upperdeckblog.com/2009/10/fantasy-football-insider-matt-forte-hero-or-zero/, null, null, null, Congratulations to Panini on winning the Upper Deck Authenticated Blake Griffin panini sandwich.  They paid over $190 for the item on eBay this week.  As the sandwich makes its way to Arlington, TX this week, what do you think Panini will do with it?, null, null, null, null, null, null, Many of you have been asking about what types of programs Upper Deck has in store for 2010 Baseball card products. We are thrilled to announce we will be bringing Exquisite as an insert to EVERY 2010 Upper Deck Baseball release. To be able to add this additional value and chase should be a big plus when opening 2010 Upper Deck Baseball products. The content will feature everything you’ve come to expect from the Exquisite brand LIVE in packs. More details on this promotion will be announced soon., Thanks to everyone who participated! We just ran a story about it on the blog., CONGRATULATIONS to Sean D., Mike D. and Geoffrey H., the winners of our Favorite Upper Deck Kobe Byrant Card Contest and the winners of different 1/1 LeBron James 20th Anniversary printing plates! Check your inbox for a message from us to get your prize.  Thanks to everyone who participated!, null, Come on, let's see your favorite Upper Deck Kobe Bryant cards.  For just posting them you can win a one-of-one press plate of Upper Deck's spokesmen LeBron James., null, null, We would like to remind collectors that Upper Deck is STILL the exclusive home for autographs of LeBron James and Michael Jordan.  Look for new autograph cards of these two superstars in future Upper Deck products.  And remember, it's just not Basketball without them., would like to wish Kobe Bryant all the best on and off the court in the future.  We have a signing scheduled with him shortly to handle outstanding redemption cards.  Look for his last UD cards in 09/10 NBA Exquisite releasing tomorrow., null, null, Not feeling that great?  Why not try some of Blake Griffin's power.  Check out e-bay auction #220485853324 for your chance to get an edge on your competition., Exquisite packout is complete!  Boxes just need to be packaged and staged for shipping.  As you all can see, some unbelievable cards are waiting to be had!  Remember, this is going to be the most limited Exquisite ever.  We hope you'll share some of your exciting breaks with us., Exquisite packout is just about complete.  Thought we'd remind everyone that T-Mac was at the 2003 All-Star Game..., The glamour, prestige & elegance of the most preeminent brand in the industry takes a look back at its own history with flashbacks to popular designs from years past & unique concepts that firmly identify 2009-10 Exquisite Collection as the must-have product of the year.

THE MOST LIMITED EXQUISITE COLLECTION IN HISTORY!

Regular Set:
Regular Cards (42)
Exquisite Rookie Auto Cards (32)
Exquisite Rookie Auto Patch Flashback (18)

Top Inserts:
NBA All Access Triple Logoman Patch Cards (# to 1)
Limited Logos Auto (Varied #)
Noble Nameplates Auto (Varied #)

Configuration:	      
5 cards per pack	
1 pack per box
3 boxes per case 

And this year, we'll be adding images LIVE from the last pack out of NBA Exquisite!!!  Watch this week for more details!, null, null, null, The glamour, prestige & elegance of the most preeminent brand in the industry takes a look back at its own history with flashbacks to popular designs from years past & unique concepts that firmly identify 2009-10 Exquisite Collection as the must-have product of the year.

THE MOST LIMITED EXQUISITE COLLECTION IN HISTORY!

Regular Set:
Regular Cards (42)
Exquisite Rookie Auto Cards (32)
Exquisite Rookie Auto Patch Flashback (18)

Top Inserts:
NBA All Access Triple Logoman Patch Cards (# to 1)
Limited Logos Auto (Varied #)
Noble Nameplates Auto (Varied #)

Configuration:	      
5 cards per pack	
1 pack per box
3 boxes per case 

And this year, we'll be adding images LIVE from the last pack out of NBA Exquisite!!!  Watch this week for more details!, 2009/10 NBA Exquisite starts packing out on Thursday, September 24.  Catch live updates of what is happening right here on the Upper Deck facebook page., Memorabilia collectors need to look no further than 2009-10 SP Game Used Hockey. Offering a wealth of top-notch jersey, patch & gear cards, SPGU has something for everyone. The signed manufactured patch cards are now an annual hit, as are last year’s debut, Fight Strap cards! Just Added – Jersey/Patch/Tag Patch/Fight Strap cards – deliver high-end punch & then some!

Get 1 memorabilia or signature card in each pack! (on avg.)
Marks of a Nation join Letter Marks & Number Marks in the manufactured patch lineup!
HUGE HITS – Four memorabilia items in 1 shot:
Jersey/Patch/Tag Patch/Fight Strap combos all on 1 card!
Find Captain’s & Alternate’s Patch cards!
The “Letters of Distinction” give props to these team leaders!
Look for Famous Faceoffs!
These two-player fight strap cards lend some punch!
Find 1 autograph card & 1 memorabilia card #’d to 100 or less in each box!
Grab an average of 2 Rookie Cards per box! (incl. SP’s to 99!)

Break Summary
Box Break:
6 Memorabilia or Signature cards
At least 1 per pack
1 Autograph card #’d to 100 or less
1 Memorabilia card #’d to 100 or less
2 Rookie Cards
1 Parallel card

Case Break:
2 Signed Manufactured Patches
Between Letter Marks, Number Marks & Marks of a Nation

Key Inserts
Marks of a Nation:
Marc-Andre Fleury, Martin Brodeur, Vinny Lecavalier, Mario Lemieux, Sidney Crosby, Ryan Getzlaf, Jarome Iginla, Jeff Carter & more! 

Famous Faceoffs                  (Fight Strap Combos):
Lecavalier/Iginla, Ovechkin/Malkin, Thornton/Getzlaf, Lucic/Komisarek, Messier/Arnott, Parros/Shelley, Mahovlich/Mikita, Pronger/Chelios, Laraque/Brashear & other tandems!

Game Gear (4 Swatch Cards):
Phaneuf, Ovechkin, Spezza, Richards, Crosby, Toews, Malkin, Zetterberg, Kovalchuk, Brodeur & more!

Configuration:
3 Cards/Pack
6 Packs/Box
12 Boxes/Case
, null, WIN an AUTOGRAPHED BASEBALL of all the Parkview Little League Champs!!! Contest ends September 28th! http://sports.upperdeck.com/community/forums/thread/1830521.aspx, null, The glamour, prestige & elegance of the most preeminent brand in the industry takes a look back at its own history with flashbacks to popular designs from years past & unique concepts that firmly identify 2009-10 Exquisite Collection as the must-have product of the year.

THE MOST LIMITED EXQUISITE COLLECTION IN HISTORY!

Regular Set:
Regular Cards (42)
Exquisite Rookie Auto Cards (32)
Exquisite Rookie Auto Patch Flashback (18)

Top Inserts:
NBA All Access Triple Logoman Patch Cards (# to 1)
Limited Logos Auto (Varied #)
Noble Nameplates Auto (Varied #)

Configuration:	      
5 cards per pack	
1 pack per box
3 boxes per case 

And this year, we'll be adding images LIVE from the last pack out of NBA Exquisite!!!  Watch this week for more details!, null, null, Here's an interview with Upper Deck Basketball brand manager, Brandon Miller about the new 2009-10 NBA Exquisite product. http://beta.beckett.com/group/223464/?tab=tabArticles&p=809291#ViewArticle, Check out 2009-10 NBA Exquisite!!!, Guess what releases next week on 9/30?  2009-10 NBA Exquisite.  The final exquisite experience collectors will have with Basketball for some time., Check out some of the signings and events with top Upper Deck spokesmen like Michael Jordan and Kobe Bryant., null, null, null, null, Available as a redemption, the Entomology inserts will feature actual insects from around the world. From rusty brown scorpions, to bullet ants, to man faced beetles and Chinese lantern-flys, you'll find cards like you never imagined in this set., Mark Sanchez is Upper Deck's "Rookie of the Week" for week one.  Did you enter codes of the Jets QB this week?  If so, you may win a box of 2009 Upper Deck Football cards.  Enter codes of the rookie you think will have the best week two today for another chance to win: http://sports.upperdeck.com/owntherookies/NFL/2009/cardtracker/default.aspx, The Home of the Rookie Jersey Card has become a springboard for some of the hottest rookie cards on the market the past few seasons. With budding phenoms such as John Tavares, Victor Hedman, Cody Hodgson, Matt Duchene and others ready to join the mix, SPx shapes up to be simply fantastic this season. Add in Shadowbox cards & Winning Materials, and SPx will rock! 

Get 2 Rookie Jersey Cards per box! (on avg.)
At least 1 is Autographed!
Collect 1 Short-printed RC per case – on average!
Grab 1 Winning Materials & 1 Winning Combos card per box!
Both inserts feature a pair of jersey swatches on each card!
NEW: Shadowbox Cards Debut!
These case hits feature rare ‘Stoppers’ versions as well!
Flashback Fabrics hold the line as an SPx staple!
Autograph versions typically net strong secondary-market value!
Collect Winning Trios jersey cards!
These three-player memorabilia hits are #’d to just 50!

Break Summary
Box Break:
1 Rookie Jersey Card
1 Signed Rookie Jersey card
1 Winning Materials Jersey card
1 Winning Combos Jersey card
3 SPx Rookies/SPxcitement

Case Break:
1 Autographed Rookie Jersey card #’d to 499
1 Shadowbox card
1 Signed Flashback Fabrics
2 Flashback Fabrics cards
2 Winning Trios Jersey cards
3-4 Spectrum parallels

Key Inserts:
Winning Materials:
Ovechkin, Toews, Lucic, Gaborik, Spezza, Luongo, Iginla, Messier and more!

Winning Combos:
Crosby/Ovechkin, Iginla/Kiprusoff, Koivu/Koivu, Toews/Campbell, Roy/Luongo, Hawerchuk/Selanne, Datsyuk/Lidstrom, Brodeur/Parise, Yzerman/Bowman,  & other greats!

Shadowbox Stoppers:
Patrick Roy, Martin Brodeur, Tony Esposito, Martin Brodeur, Miikka Kiprusoff, Carey Price, Steve Mason, Marc-Andre Fleury & more

Configuration:
4 Cards/Pack
18 Packs/Box
14 Boxes/Case
, null, Experience a Hollywood based product that really packs a punch with MMA fighters included.

Base Set:
60 Regular Cards
22 Politicians . . . including Barack Obama
12 Celebrities . . . including Jeremy Piven and Mickey Rourke
26 Sports Icons . . . including Kobe Bryant, Randy Couture, Michael Jordan, Laird Hamilton and Kristi Yamaguchi

Inserts: 
Cage Fighter Signatures
Cage Fighter Signatures Renditions
Cage Fighter Signatures - Premium Series 
Hollywood History Material
Hollywood History Material - Premium Series
Hollywood History Dual Material
Prominent Cut Signatures
Prominent Cut Signatures – Duals
Prominent Cut Signatures - Quads

Break Summary:
Box Break:
One (1) Prominent Cut Signature per box on average!
Two (2) Cage Fighter Signatures per box on average!
Two (2) Hollywood History memorabilia cards per box on average!

Case Break:
One (1) Group A Cut Signature per case on average!
One (1) Hollywood History Premium Series card per case on average!
Three (3) Hollywood History Dual Material cards per case on average!

Chase:
Look for Dual and Quad Cut Signature cards!
Look for Cage Fighter Premium Series Signatures!

Configuration:
4 cards per Pack
5 packs per box  
6 boxes per case
Product Arrival Date: Early 2010, null, null, Experience a Hollywood based product that really packs a punch with MMA fighters included.

Base Set:
60 Regular Cards
22 Politicians . . . including Barack Obama
12 Celebrities . . . including Jeremy Piven and Mickey Rourke
26 Sports Icons . . . including Kobe Bryant, Randy Couture, Michael Jordan, Laird Hamilton and Kristi Yamaguchi

Inserts: 
Cage Fighter Signatures
Cage Fighter Signatures Renditions
Cage Fighter Signatures - Premium Series 
Hollywood History Material
Hollywood History Material - Premium Series
Hollywood History Dual Material
Prominent Cut Signatures
Prominent Cut Signatures – Duals
Prominent Cut Signatures - Quads

Break Summary:
Box Break:
One (1) Prominent Cut Signature per box on average!
Two (2) Cage Fighter Signatures per box on average!
Two (2) Hollywood History memorabilia cards per box on average!

Case Break:
One (1) Group A Cut Signature per case on average!
One (1) Hollywood History Premium Series card per case on average!
Three (3) Hollywood History Dual Material cards per case on average!

Chase:
Look for Dual and Quad Cut Signature cards!
Look for Cage Fighter Premium Series Signatures!

Configuration:
4 cards per Pack
5 packs per box  
6 boxes per case
Product Arrival Date: Early 2010, Sporting two tiers of Rookie Cards, four terrific multi-swatch jersey inserts and a windfall of great autograph offerings, Trilogy Hockey delivers hits throughout the set. With its trademark scheme of 1 signature, rookie or jersey card in every pack, Trilogy delivers from the minute go. Add in some of the low-numbered multi-player plexi-glass autographs, and it’s a winner!

Get 3 autograph, rookie and jersey cards in every box!
Find 1 great hit in every pack!
Get 1 Autographed Plexi-Glass card per Box!
Also find multi-player card of this sleek, popular insert!
Added this year:
Autographed Jersey cards!
Three distinct inserts numbered to just 5!
Look for Classic Confrontations dual-sided jersey cards!
These great hits fall 2 per case!
Grab at least 2 swatches on every jersey card in the set!
Get more low-numbered jersey parallels!

Break Summary:
Box Break:
3 Autograph cards
3 Rookie Cards
3 Memorabilia Cards
1 Autographed Plexi-Glass card

Case Break:
2 Classic Confrontations
Two-sided, 3 players per side
2-3 Hat Trick Heroes Jerseys
Three swatches per card!

Key Inserts:
Ice Scripts:
Sidney Crosby, Bobby Orr, Pavel Datsyuk, Patrick Kane, Ilya Kovalchuk, Martin Brodeur, Cam Neely, Carey Price and more! 

Linemates Autograph Jerseys:
Gretzky/Robitaille, Ovechkin/Backstrom,   Lafleur/Shutt, Lecavalier/St. Louis, Datsyuk/Holmstrom and more!

Classic Confrontations:
Sakic/Bourque/Roy – Elias/Niedermayer/Brodeur   Datsyuk/Zetterberg/Hossa – Crosby/Malkin/Staal and more!

Configuration:
5 Cards/Pack
9 Packs/Box
10 Boxes/Case
, null, null, Park View Little League World Champs were at Upper Deck last night to have their own baseball cards made! Check it out!! http://sports.upperdeck.com/community/forums/ShowThread.aspx?PostID=1830521#1830521, null, Andrew Long is at it again, and this time he's filming at Upper Deck Headquarters.  Check it out..., null, null, Upper Deck Kicks Off ’09 Football Season by Launching New, Interactive Gridiron Website, Football starts TONIGHT!!  Check out our new Upper Deck Football Page:
http://sports.upperdeck.com/football/, Check out this video on the NHL Rookie Photo Shoot., null, And the saga continues with the AFC North... Check it out at: http://upperdeckblog.com/2009/09/the-ultimate-2009-nfl-preview-afc-north/, Michael Jordan Fan?  Own a piece of basketball history, with MJ items including the actual Chicago Bulls Floor! http://www.bullsfloor.com/, Roberto Clemente CONTEST! Talk about the famous baseball legend here for your chance to win: http://tinyurl.com/lozuse, Check out our blog: 
http://upperdeckblog.com/2009/09/the-ultimate-2009-nfl-preview-nfc-east/, http://upperdeckblog.com/2009/09/brag-photo-of-the-week-james-deans-elementary-school-jersey/, With new wrinkles and continually one of the most anticipated Rookie Cards on the market, 2009 SP Authentic Football is poised to deliver hot cards with great value!  Collect the largest base set ever assembled for SP Authentic, including ALL NEW Base Set Short Prints!  Follow the buzz of SP Authentic Dynasty Autographed Manufactured Patches showcasing members of football’s greatest dynasties!

Regular Set:
Regular Cards (100)
Regular Card Short Prints (100)
Rookie Authentics (100)
Rookie Authentics Auto Patch (34)
Rookie Authentics Signatures (70)

Top Inserts:
SP Authentic Dynasties (Varied #)
By the Letter Signatures (Varied #)
SP Rookie Super Patch Signatures (Varied #)

Break Summary:  (on average)
Get one (1) Autographed Memorabilia Card in every box!  Including:
Up to an unprecedented 10 Rookie Auto Patches per case!
Look for SP Authentic Dynasties featuring Autographed Manufactured Patches from members of Football’s greatest teams!
Uncover Redemptions for the complete 2009 Rookie Auto Patch Set!
An additional Two (2) Autographs in every box!

Configuration:
5 cards per pack
24 pack per box

Product Arrival Date: January
, The first Rookie Redemption from 2009/10 Draft Edition Basketball for a jersey card from the Jordan Brand Classic is of Jrue Holiday., http://upperdeckblog.com/2009/09/the-ultimate-2009-nfl-preview-nfc-north/, How many more years could Roberto Clemente have played in the MLB if not for his accidental death? Let us know for a chance to win a 1 of 1 printing plate. http://sports.upperdeck.com/COMMUNITY/forums/1826528/ShowThread.aspx#1826528, null, null, null, Check out some of the first images of 2009 Upper Deck Football.  This year Upper Deck will be including the UD Premier brand as an insert in the base Upper Deck product to provide additional high-end value to the set.

Please note, images of rookies are for demonstration purposes only, they will be photographed and pictured in their NFL uniforms for this product., null, Roberto Clemente added to the UD Baseball Line-Up for 2009 and 2010! http://www.upperdeck.com/marketing/news_article.aspx?aid=6622, Check out what the latest crop of rookies are saying about signing new Upper Deck cards and how important authenticity is., null, We just updated some release dates on our Info page.  2009 MLB Ballpark, 2009/10 NBA SP Signature and 2009 NFL SPx all are moving out a little bit to allow for more time on autograph acquisition.  Thanks for your patience!, 2009 Ultimate Collection Football continues to build on one of the most collectible sets of all time with newly updated 1997 Legends Autographs falling 1 per case!  Additionally, look for ALL NEW Ultimate Personal Touch Autographs featuring unique inscriptions of the NFL’s top stars and Legends!  Every jersey card features at least six swatches, is oversized, or autographed!

Regular Set:
Regular Cards (100)
Ultimate Legends (50)
Ultimate Rookies (50)
Ultimate Rookie Signatures (20)

Top Inserts:
1997 Legends (1:15)
Ultimate Personal Touch (# to 3)
Ultimate Rookie Trio Signatures (Varied #)
Ultimate Patch Autograph (Varied #)

Break Summary: (on average)
Get one (1) Autograph or Memorabilia Card in every box!  Including:
One (1) 1997 Legends Autograph per case
One (1) Autographed-Memorabilia card per case
Every Jersey Card has at least six (6) swatches, is oversized, or autographed!

Configuration:
4 cards per pack
1 pack per box

Product Arrival Date: December
, Congratulations to Chula Vista, Little League Champs!!!  http://tinyurl.com/l6sxhj, It's Football time...  Check out this sneak peak of 2009 Upper Deck Football., null, null, The triumphant return 0f 2009 Sweet Spot  includes the ever-loving Sweet Spot and Sweet Spot Classic Autograph cards. Added to the star filled lineup you will find historic signatures of past presidents Gerald Ford and Bill Clinton! Additionally, this year enjoy all new Immortal Baseball Skins and Bat Barrel cards from 3 of the 5 members of the legendary first class of inductees to the baseball hall of fame of 1936!

Base Set:
100 Regular Cards
30 Sweet Beginnings Rookie Autographs (Serial numbered)

Inserts: 
Immortal and Historic Signatures!
2005 Classic Patch Update!
Sweet Spot or Sweet Spot Classic Autograph cards!
Sweet Swatch single, dual, triple, and quad jersey cards!
Sweet Patch single, dual, triple, and Quad patch cards!
20th Anniversary Cards
Bat Barrels

Break Summary:
Box Break:
Four (4) Memorabilia cards per box!

One (1) Sweet Beginnings Rookie Signature card per box, on average!

One (1) Sweet Spot or Sweet Spot Classic Autograph card per box, on average!

Case Break:
One (1) Immortal Signature, Historic Signature, 2005 Classic Update Patch, Patch Triple, Patch Quad, or Bat Barrel per case, on average!

One (1) Sweet Patch or Sweet Patch Dual per case, on average!

Chase:
One (1) 20th Anniversary Memorabilia card per case, on average!

2005 Classic Patch Update
The return of 2005 Sweet Spot Classic patch cards updates this memorable patch set! 2005 Classic Patch update includes jumbo-sized patches of the game’s greatest stars and hall of famers including the legendary Ted Williams!

Configuration:
8 cards per Pack
6 packs per box  
18 boxes per case

Product Arrival Date: November, null, You on Twitter?  Follow us!: http://twitter.com/UpperDeckSports, Check out some of the interviews from the NHL Rookie Photo Shoot yesterday!, LAST DAY to tell us your favorite Tiger story/card for a chance to win a 1/1 20th Anniversary printing plate or the golf icon himself! http://sports.upperdeck.com/community/forums/1/1817307/ShowThread.aspx, null, null, Do hard signed autographs matter to you?  Check this out: http://sports.upperdeck.com/community/forums/ShowThread.aspx?PostID=1821892#1821892, null, null, null, null, Let us know your favorite Tiger Woods memory/card for your chance to win a 1/1 20th Anniversary printing plate! http://sports.upperdeck.com/community/forums/ShowThread.aspx?PostID=1817307#1817307, null, Last chance to score 1/1 Ovechkin 2009 20th Anniversary Printing Plates (the whole set!). Just tell us your favorite story of Alex Ovechkin and/or your favorite card of his! http://sports.upperdeck.com/COMMUNITY/forums/thread/1815248.aspx, This will be Brett Favre's first Upper Deck trading card of 2009.  The card will be numbered as part of the 2009 Upper Deck Football set, but they will be inserted into 2009 SPx Football.  The cards will be shortprinted due to the rush to get them in product., null, null, Found this old school UD commercial: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vO7IaPJeWsA AWESOME., null, null, null, Black Diamond has been a winner for Rookie Cards for more than a decade, and this year’s crop should put the spotlight onto some noteworthy RC’s who will appear in this set! Getting 3 Triple Diamond Rookies and 1 Quad in every box delivers great hits right off the bat; add in two 4-swatch jersey cards, perimeter die-cuts, parallels and a chance for autos, and you’re cookin’!

Get 3 Triple Diamond RC’s + 1 Quad Diamond RC in each box!
A total of 6 Triple Diamond and 2 Quad Diamond cards per box!
Look for 2 Quad-Swatch Jersey cards per box!
Four jersey parallels include a signed version, #’d to just 5!
Grab Hardware Heroes die-cut cards!
These gems fall 2 per case and are #’d to just 100!
Insert Set Collectors are Set up:
Find Horizontal Regular Card variations!
Role-Reversal: Die-cut versions hit 2/box, but regular versions fall 1 in every other box!
Collect Gemography autograph cards, falling 1 in every other box!
Ruby, Gold & Platinum parallels offer more great low-#’d hits!

Break Summary:
Box Break:
6 Triple Diamond Cards
2 Quad Diamond Cards
6 Double Diamond Reg. cards
2 Quad-Swatch Jersey cards
2 Horizontal Perimeter Die-Cuts
1 Parallel, #’d 100 or less

Case Break:
1-2 Hardware Heroes cards
6 Gemography Autographs
6 Horizontal Variations

Key Inserts:
Quad-Swatch Jerseys: Alexander Ovechkin,       Evgeni Malkin, Drew Doughty, Martin Brodeur, Carey Price, Vincent Lecavalier, Rick Nash, Jonathan Toews, Sidney Crosby, Dion Phaneuf, Patrick Kane, & more! 

Hardware Heroes: Wayne Gretzky, Mark Messier, Mario Lemieux, Steve Yzerman, Sidney Crosby, Patrick Roy, Bobby Orr, Henrik Zetterberg and more!

Configuration:
5 Cards/Pack
24 Packs/Box
12 Boxes/Case

, One of the first products of the new season to feature rookies who debut after Opening Night, MVP has a bit of something for everyone. With Two on Two Jerseys and One on One Autographs – both featuring top NHL stars on both sides of the card – this set delivers value from a friendly price point. Add in parallels and Hart Trophy-based inserts, and you’ve got MVP! 

Get MVP Rookies, falling 1 in 2 packs on average!
Find Dual-sided Jersey cards, averaging 1 per box!
These Two on Two Jersey cards feature 4 NHL stars!
Collect MVP’s with the Hart Winners insert!
Get a jump on future Hart Trophy finalists with Hart Candidates too!
Snag great signature cards with One on One Autographs!
Similar to jerseys, these feature players on both sides of the card!
Find Gold & Super Script parallels of the regular set!
With cards #’d to 100 and 25, respectively, they provide nice hits!
Build a great set – with 300 regular cards and top-notch rookies, this is perfect for collectors who enjoy completing an entire set!

Break Summary:
Box Break:
12 MVP Rookie Cards
1 Two on Two Jersey card
1-2 Gold/Super Script parallel cards
6 Hart Candidates/Winners cards

Case Break:
1 One on One Autograph card

Key Inserts:
Two on Two Jerseys:
	Brodeur/Parise/Fleury/Crosby, Toews/Kane/Zetterberg/Datsyuk, Iginla/Jokinen/Gagner/Cogliano, Modano/Neal/Koivu/Bouchard, Malkin/Staal/Richards/Carter, Kovalchuk/Little/Stamkos, St. Louis, Setoguchi/Thornton/Mueller/Doan, and other great combos! 

One on One Autographs:
	Gretzky/Messier, Brodeur/Fleury, Malkin/Carter, Turco/Giguere,     Kane/Oshie, Staal/Kovalchuk, Ovechkin/Malkin, Nash/Toews

Configuration:
8 Cards/Pack
24 Packs/Box
12 Boxes/Case
, Upper Deck signed Hall-of-Famer Steve Yzerman to a new autograph contract.  Check out his first new autograph card in 2009/10 NHL Black Diamond., This will be Michael Vick's first Upper Deck trading card of 2009.  The card will be numbered as part of the 2009 Upper Deck Football set, but they will be inserted into 2009 SPx Football.  The cards will be shortprinted due to the rush to get them in product.

We may or may not have a Favre card in that product as well., The 500 Home Run Club insert returns with memorabilia card inserts of the top players in the game who have reached that historic new level., null, null, Want to ask the 09/10 NHL Rookie Class a question?  Here's your chance!  Check this link out., null, Upper Deck Inks Reigning NHL MVP Alexander Ovechkin to an Exclusive Deal, null, The Collegiate Licensing Company Agrees to Exclusive Trading Card License with The Upper Deck Company, null, The 2009 edition of Ballpark Collection delivers a slew of high-end memorabilia cards in every pack and this year’s cards are all serial-numbered! Dual, triple, quad, six and eight piece memorabilia cards featuring a selection of the game’s greatest active and retired stars, including Joe DiMaggio and Ted Williams, are featured in the basic set in addition to several new exciting inserts including an update to the 1999 A Piece of History 500 Home Run Club cards – arguably the most popular game-used cards ever issued!  Not to be outdone, the UD Spokesmen memorabilia inserts pair Upper Deck’s greatest athlete’s including Tiger Woods, Michael Jordan, Wayne Gretzky and Derek Jeter on dual, triple, quad, six and eight-piece cards!
, How about some new images of 2009 Upper Deck Ballpark Collection???  Coming soon today so keep your eyes out for them!, The Legend of UD Black is introduced to the Football market, carrying with it the innovative and unique cards and technologies that have made the high-end collectible brand a smashing success.  With a hard-signed autograph in every pack delivering high value content and collectability, 2009 UD Black Football is poised to create a stir among collectors!

Regular Set:
Regular Cards (90)
Rookie Lustrous Auto (Varied #)

Top Inserts:
Film Slide PETG Autographs (Varied #)
Veteran/Legend Lustrous PETG Patch Auto (Varied #)
Biography Signatures (Varied #)
Dual Manufactured College Pennants (# to 10)
Single & Dual Cut Signatures (Varied #)

Box Break: (on average)
Two (2) Autographs per box!
One (1) Autograph and One (1) Manufactured American Flag Patch card in each pack
All Autos are hard-signed
Look for Film Slide PETG Auto cards featuring some of the greatest football moments past and present

Case Break: (on average)
One (1) Single or Dual Cut Signature per case!

Configuration:
2 cards per pack
2 packs per box

Product Arrival Date: October
, null, We have received in a lot of the hard-signed autograph cards for 2009 UD Black Football recently.  Good news as redemptions are looking very minimal for that product.  We'll be posting the images later on this evening, don't miss them!, Setting a standard for excellence, UD Black has quickly become a brand synonymous with quintessential high-end pulls! Led by Rookie Lettermen Patch cards, the supporting cast of     12-swatch gate fold cards, Pride of a Nation manufactured flag patch cards, Game Night Ticket Autographs, and Dual/Triple Trophy Winner cards, UD Black delivers.

EACH PACK DELIVERS:
Two Awesome cards!
1 Rookie Lettermen Patch + 1 Auto or Multi-Swatch card!
NEW ADDITIONS for 2009-10:
12-Jersey Swatch Gate Fold cards!
Black Ice Quad Jersey & Autograph Jerseys!
Trophy Winners Dual & Triple version Book cards!
One autograph cut + 2 or 3 signatures is an exquisite hit!
Lustrous Materials & Pride of a Nation inserts return!
All autographed, all with materials, all big hits!
Find hard-signed Game Night Ticket cards!
One autograph cut + 2 signatures is an exquisite hit!

Awesome Inserts:
Gate Fold Cards: 12 swatches with 6-on-6 Rivals, Generations & Cold War themes!
Pride of a Nation Autographs!
Great Manufactured Patch Flags!
Unbelievable cut signature cards!
Signs of History, Wood Cuts, etc.
Lustrous Materials, Here's an interesting article on Upper Deck Baseball products., Chris Tillman is RR5 and will be card 129 in the set., Packs to the People is back opening up new 2009/10 Draft Edition Basketball with sports fans and members of the world champion Lakers.  Check it out!, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, The National is living up to the reputation it has for bringing out the most vendors, the most passionate collectors and great pulls from Upper Deck packs.

If you couldn't make it out to the show or would like to relive the excitement, here's just some of what has happened so far..., null, null, null, 2009 SP Signature Edition Football makes its brand return for the first time since 2003 and delivers even more bang for the buck!  Every box will have a multi-signed card or two individual autographs!  Look for unique autograph inserts like Signs of the Super Bowl, pairing two players from the same game!

Regular Set:
Regular Cards (200)
Signature Rookies (60)

Top Inserts:
Signs of the Super Bowl (Varied #)
Signature MVPs (Varied #)
Signature ROYs (Varied #)
Signature Eight (Varied #)
Draft Years (Varied #)
Rivalries (Varied #)

Box Break: (on average)
One (1) Multi-Signed card OR Two (2) Individual Autographs in every Box!
All Multi-Signed Cards are foil numbered!

Case Break: (on average)
Five (5) Triple, Quad, Six, and Eight Signatures per case!

Configuration:
4 cards per pack
1 pack per box

Product Arrival Date: November
, is getting ready to attend the National in Cleveland while other staff are out packing out 2008/09 NBA Exquisite and 2008/09 NHL The Cup.  We apologize if we cannot answer questions as quickly during this time., null, null, null, In terms of hype, few products on the market get as much buzz as UD1. With the anticipation for 1st rookie cards of the new class which hits the ice in October, Young Guns top everyone’s list of must-have cards. This year’s crop could include Canadian Phenom John Tavares, Flyers’ prospect James VanRiemsdyk, Canadian Jr. star Cody Hodgson and a host of other top talents!

Young Guns hit the ice with thunder! (averaging 6 per box)
Get these must-have RC’s – 1st cards for players debuting in Oct.!
A UD staple – collect 2 UD Game Jersey cards per box!
Get Big Playmakers cards!
These case hits are #’d to just 75!
Find Clearly Canadian Die-cut acetate cards!
Also averaging 1 per case!
Triple your pleasure with Clear Cut trios acetate cards!
These hits are rock solid, and #’d to just 25!
Collect the All-World Team insert, hitting 2 per box!
Short-prints fall 2-3 per case, and are sure to drive stellar values!
Grab Exclusive & High Gloss parallels of this terrific set too!

Break Summary:
Box Break:
6  Young Guns Rookie Cards
2  UD Game Jersey cards
2  All-World Team cards
6  Superstar insert cards

Case Break:
1  Big Playmakers oversized swatch jersey card
1  Clearly Canadian OR Clear Cut Trios acetate card
1  Signature Sensations card
2-3  All-World Team SP’s
3-4 Parallel cards

Key Inserts:
Big Playmakers:
	Alexander Ovechkin, Cam Neely, Carey Price, Ilya Kovalchuk,   Martin Brodeur, Eric Staal,      Jason Spezza, Pavel Datsyuk   Sidney Crosby, Jonathan Toews, Vincent Lecavalier, Patrick Kane … 

Clearly Canadian (acetate cards):
	Wayne Gretzky, Mario Lemieux, Bobby Orr, Martin Brodeur,   Vincent Lecavalier, Guy Lafleur,  Luc Robitaille, Mark Messier, Jarome Iginla, Jonathan Toews, Eric Staal, Rick Nash & More!

Configuration:
8 Cards/Pack
24 Packs/Box
12 Boxes/Case
, Experience a Hollywood based product that really packs a punch with MMA fighters included.

Base Set:
60 Regular Cards
22 Politicians . . . including Barack Obama
12 Celebrities . . . including Jeremy Piven and Mickey Rourke
26 Sports Icons . . . including Kobe Bryant, Randy Couture, Michael Jordan, Laird Hamilton and Kristi Yamaguchi

Inserts: 
Cage Fighter Signatures
Cage Fighter Signatures Renditions
Cage Fighter Signatures - Premium Series 
Hollywood History Material
Hollywood History Material - Premium Series
Hollywood History Dual Material
Prominent Cut Signatures
Prominent Cut Signatures – Duals
Prominent Cut Signatures - Quads

Break Summary:
Box Break:
One (1) Prominent Cut Signature per box on average!
Two (2) Cage Fighter Signatures per box on average!
Two (2) Hollywood History memorabilia cards per box on average!

Case Break:
One (1) Group A Cut Signature per case on average!
One (1) Hollywood History Premium Series card per case on average!
Three (3) Hollywood History Dual Material cards per case on average!

Chase:
Look for Dual and Quad Cut Signature cards!
Look for Cage Fighter Premium Series Signatures!

Configuration:
4 cards per Pack
5 packs per box  
6 boxes per case
Product Arrival Date: Early 2010, Get a chance to win some really cool one-of-one printing plate cards just by showing off your collection.  Check out the Photos or Discussions section of our page here for all the details!  It's easy and free!!!, null, Our Athlete Relations staff snapped a picture of this beauty.  Fleury added "09 Stanley Cup Champs" to the card.  Apparently Goligoski did as well.

The guys are normally not signing during the playoffs so we've recently rounded up sigs of Fleury, Crosby, Goligoski, Jordan Stall, Datsyuk, Lidstrom and more so they will be live in the product.  Delaying the product was hard to swallow, but it helps to eliminate redemptions and that's always a good thing., null, null, null, null, Show Information
Location: I-X Center
One I-X Center Drive
Cleveland, OH 44135
Website: http://www.nsccshow.com/show_details.shtml

Booth Information 
Upper Deck Booth # 746 – Corporate Area
Booth size: 30x50

Show Hours:
Wed, 7/29 4:30pm – 9:00pm VIP Night
Thu, 7/30 9:30am – 6:00pm 
Fri, 7/31 9:30am – 6:00pm 
Sat, 8/1 9:30am – 6:00pm 
Sun, 8/2 9:30am – 5:00pm 

Weather Forecast
Hi – Low 80s
Lo – mid 60s

Warm, humid, scattered T-storms

Booth Activities

Redemption Program

Purchase (5) packs of any 2009 Upper Deck card packs of baseball, football, basketball, or hockey (SRP of $1.99 or above) and receive a 6-card set of National Exclusive Redemption Cards. While supplies last!
*Look for randomly inserted autographs.

Disclaimers:
Upper Deck has the right to limit redemption cards based on company discretion and availability.
All card packs must be opened at the Upper Deck booth in front of a UD company representative.
Cards will only be redeemed according to their daily schedule.
Redemption hours to be determined by Upper Deck.

Redemption Schedule (Images added to Photo Gallery)

Wednesday, 7/29 (10-card VIP set*) 
Sidney Crosby, LeBron James, Peyton Manning, Ken Griffey Jr., Grady Sizemore, Michael Jordan, Bob Feller, Gordie Howe, Derek Jeter, JoeDiMaggio

*VIP redemption card set will be placed in the VIP attendee bags and distributed by show management.

Thursday, 7/30 – Redemption Program starts @ 12pm (6-card set) 
Derek Jeter, Grady Sizemore, Evgeni Malkin, Kobe Bryant, Ben Roethlisberger, Derrick Rose

Friday, 7/31 – Redemption Program starts @ 12pm (6-card set) 
Ken Griffey Jr., LeBron James, Peyton Manning, Bob Feller, Alexander Ovechkin, Larry Fitzgerald

Saturday, 8/1 - Redemption Program starts @ 12pm (6-card set)
Cliff Lee, Gordie Howe, Adrian Peterson, LeBron James, Brady Quinn, Paul Pierce

Sunday, 8/2 - Redemption Program starts @ 12pm (6-card set)
Kerry Wood, Sidney Crosby, Joe DiMaggio, Michael Jordan, Mo Williams, Matt Ryan

National Kids Day on Sunday, 8/2 from 12pm – 2pm
Upper Deck Kids Zone will be located in the Ferris Wheel area. 
Kids can play the Upper Deck SPINWHEEL game, trade cards, join raffles and win various prizes including Upper Deck U assorted packs, mini jerseys, stickers, and more!

Event Giveaways @ The UD booth
Overrun cards – MLB First Edition, Draft Edition Football, Heroes Football

National Credential Sponsorship
This year Upper Deck is sponsoring the lanyards and credentials for all attendees of the show by inserting various samples from our NBA MVP and MLB First Edition sets., null, null, null, null, null, null, null, Wieters is RR4 and will be card 124 in the set., null, null, null, null, The YSL winners on the YES Network!, Featuring some of our interview clips, if you didn't catch them the first time around!, null, While Major League Baseball’s National League All-Stars prepare themselves to try and win their first Mid-Summer Classic since 1996, the Upper Deck Company is readying itself to entertain the tens of thousands of baseball card enthusiasts who will invade St. Louis’s America’s Center Convention Complex from Friday, July 10, through Tuesday, July 14, for the popular MLB FanFest show. In conjunction with this year’s annual MLB All-Star Game at Busch Stadium next Tuesday night, Upper Deck will be setting up inside the convention complex this weekend with its tricked-out corporate booth, complete with an area dedicated to promoting the company’s new sports-themed virtual world for kids: UpperDeckU.com!

“We have something scheduled for every level of baseball fan,” said Gabriel Garcia, Upper Deck’s associate baseball brand manager. “St. Louis is a great baseball city, with plenty of history behind it, so we know that we have to be at the top of our game this weekend.”

During each day of the show – from Friday, July 10 through Tuesday, July 14 – Upper Deck will have a major presence inside the Collector’s Showcase area. To get things rolling, the industry leader will be giving away free Albert Pujols posters during each day of the show, while supplies last. Show hours will be from 9 a.m. to 7 p.m. (Friday and Tuesday) and 9 a.m. to 8 p.m. (Saturday through Monday). 

As one of the league’s two licensed baseball card manufacturers, Upper Deck will once again be conducting its popular foil pack wrapper redemption program during each day of the show. Fans who purchase three packs of any 2009 Upper Deck baseball products at the show with a suggested retail price of $1.99 or more per pack will receive one of five different 2009 MLB FanFest exclusive four-card packs. Note: Upper Deck’s First Edition and O-Pee-Chee Baseball packs will not be accepted toward the redemption program. Card packs must be opened in front of an Upper Deck representative for redeeming purposes. 

The content of each of the day’s event-exclusive packs is loaded with talent: Friday packs include Albert Pujols, Ken Griffey Jr., Bruce Sutter and Tim Lincecum; Saturday’s lineup sees Stan Musial, Derek Jeter, Rick Ankiel and Enos Slaughter; Sunday will sport Ozzie Smith, Daisuke Matsuzaka, Dustin Pedroia and Colby Rasmus; Monday will boast Bob Gibson, Joe DiMaggio, Zach Greinke and Ryan Braun; and Tuesday’s foursome includes Lou Brock, Ichiro, Red Schoendienst and Josh Hamilton. Supplies are limited, so time is of the essence. What’s more, in randomly assorted packs some lucky collectors will find a special “Cardinals Painting” bonus card, numbered to 500. The painting by Ron Stark shows five Cardinal greats: Smith, Gibson, Brock, Pujols and Musial. The original painting will be on display at Upper Deck’s booth and will be auctioned off on Tuesday during the live Hunt Auctions event starting at 10 a.m.

In addition, computer stations for UpperDeckU.com will be set up where kids can play, compete and win all while exploring Upper Deck’s newly launched virtual world for kids. Participants will be walking away with UDU-themed sticker sheets, temporary tattoos, VIP “inside access” badges and promo packs.

To get baseball fans in the mood, Upper Deck will also have its personalized trading card station up and running where spectators young and old, male and female can get their very own personalized MLB FanFest trading cards produced free of charge by Upper Deck. The back of each of this year’s FanFest P-Cards will also include a 20% off coupon for any purchases made at www.upperdeckstore.com., Get a first look at some of the great autograph cards in 2008-09 NBA Exquisite.

LeBron James has been at it again...  Adding all sorts of cool inscriptions to the new Exquisite cards.  Enjoy!, null, null, null, null, Upper Deck and MLB Players Association announce a new agreement: http://www.upperdeck.com/marketing/news_article.aspx?aid=6223, The Legend of UD Black is introduced to the Football market, carrying with it the innovative and unique cards and technologies that have made the high-end collectible brand a smashing success.  With a hard-signed autograph in every pack delivering high value content and collectability, 2009 UD Black Football is poised to create a stir among collectors!

Regular Set:
Regular Cards (90)
Rookie Lustrous Auto (Varied #)

Top Inserts:
Film Slide PETG Autographs (Varied #)
Veteran/Legend Lustrous PETG Patch Auto (Varied #)
Biography Signatures (Varied #)
Dual Manufactured College Pennants (# to 10)
Single & Dual Cut Signatures (Varied #)

Box Break: (on average)
Two (2) Autographs per box!
One (1) Autograph and One (1) Manufactured American Flag Patch card in each pack
All Autos are hard-signed
Look for Film Slide PETG Auto cards featuring some of the greatest football moments past and present

Case Break: (on average)
One (1) Single or Dual Cut Signature per case!

Configuration:
2 cards per pack
2 packs per box

Product Arrival Date: October
, null, null, null, null, Who will be the next Basketball superstar?  Capitalize on the first opportunity to collect 2009-10 Rookie Cards with Draft Edition Basketball!  Uncover basketball legends and future All-Stars with 2009-10 Draft Edition Basketball!

Regular Set:
Rookie Cards (68)
Alma Mater (24)
School Ties (13)
Coaching Legends (3)
Tournament Titans (15)
Draft Class (10)
Insert Highlights:
School Ties Autographs (Varied #) – DUAL SIGNED
Draft Class Autographs (Varied #) – TRIPLE SIGNED

Box Break: (on average)
Four (4) Autographs per box!
All Autographs are limited numbered
Every pack contains an insert, signature, or numbered parallel card!

Case Break: (on average)
One (1) multi-signed card per case!

Configuration:
10 cards per pack
16 packs per box
12 boxes per case 

Product Arrival Date: July, 28 2009
, null, null, null, null, null, null, These are some of the game-used bat barrels that will be used in this product., null, null, null, null, The triumphant return 0f 2009 Sweet Spot  includes the ever-loving Sweet Spot and Sweet Spot Classic Autograph cards. Added to the star filled lineup you will find historic signatures of past presidents Gerald Ford and Bill Clinton! Additionally, this year enjoy all new Immortal Baseball Skins and Bat Barrel cards from 3 of the 5 members of the legendary first class of inductees to the baseball hall of fame of 1936!

Base Set:
100 Regular Cards
30 Sweet Beginnings Rookie Autographs (Serial numbered)

Inserts: 
Immortal and Historic Signatures!
2005 Classic Patch Update!
Sweet Spot or Sweet Spot Classic Autograph cards!
Sweet Swatch single, dual, triple, and quad jersey cards!
Sweet Patch single, dual, triple, and Quad patch cards!
20th Anniversary Cards
Bat Barrels

Break Summary:
Box Break:
Four (4) Memorabilia cards per box!

One (1) Sweet Beginnings Rookie Signature card per box, on average!

One (1) Sweet Spot or Sweet Spot Classic Autograph card per box, on average!

Case Break:
One (1) Immortal Signature, Historic Signature, 2005 Classic Update Patch, Patch Triple, Patch Quad, or Bat Barrel per case, on average!

One (1) Sweet Patch or Sweet Patch Dual per case, on average!

Chase:
One (1) 20th Anniversary Memorabilia card per case, on average!

2005 Classic Patch Update
The return of 2005 Sweet Spot Classic patch cards updates this memorable patch set! 2005 Classic Patch update includes jumbo-sized patches of the game’s greatest stars and hall of famers including the legendary Ted Williams!

Configuration:
8 cards per Pack
6 packs per box  
18 boxes per case

Product Arrival Date: November, The 2009 MLB Rookie class seems to be getting better and better.  Many of these players have the potential to become legitimate superstars.  2009 Ballpark Collection will have an incredible collection of these players WITH AUTOGRAPHS.

Keep in mind the players name, position and logo will be on a silver deco foil so they will pop much more than these images show.  Each card will be serial numbered with print runs not exceeding 500 for any individual card., null, Eager to hear your thoughts on this subject, so post a comment either here, to the blog itself, or both!, McCuthchen is RR3 and will be card 128 in the set., null, Take Tiger Home!!!  Check the Discussions page for a chance to win a Tiger Woods Sports Royalty card from 2007 Goudey!, null, null, null, The staple technology project in the industry delivers once again with an all new technology never seen before.  Look for rare SPx Shadow Box cards, including autographed variations!

Regular Set:
Regular Cards (90)
SPx Rookie Auto Jersey (34)
SPx Rookie Signatures (40)
SPx Rookies (60)

Top Inserts:
SPx Shadow Box
Super Scripts Duals, Trios, Quads, Sixes, and Eights Signatures
X Factor Signatures
Winning Trios Auto Patch
Fantastic Foursomes

Box Break: (on average)
Up to Four (4) Autographs per box
Includes one Rookie Signature Triple Memorabilia Card
Six (6) Memorabilia Cards per box
All Memorabilia Cards are foil numbered!

Case Break: (on average)
One (1) Shadow Box card per case!
At least Three (3) Autographed Memorabilia or Multi-Signed cards per case!

Configuration:
4 cards per pack
10 packs per box

Product Arrival Date: September 2009, null, null, null, null, Get a first look at some of the great autograph cards in 2008-09 NBA Exquisite.

LeBron James has been at it again...  Adding all sorts of cool inscriptions to the new Exquisite cards.  Enjoy!, Get ready NBA fans, lots of great new images coming up this afternoon!!!, null, null, null, They were one of Basketball's best "Odd Couples," but the end result of their efforts couldn't be questioned., null, We just got in some amazing scans of 2008/09 NBA Exquisite and 2008/09 NHL The Cup.  Let's take a vote to find out which ones you want to see first.  Respond here and whatever product has the most votes will be added at 5:00 PM PST tonight.  The losing pr, null, null, null, null, null, null, The premier edition of Goodwin Champions baseball will deliver stunning retro-styled images of baseball’s finest active and retired stars alongside legends from the realms of surfing, thoroughbred horse racing, martial arts and more! Set collectors will have an engrossing challenge pursuing an array of high-series short-prints and minis. A slew of new-concept, DNA memorabilia cards will also make their debuts . . . redefining the guidelines for what can be incorporated into a trading card!

Box Break:
Two (2) Memorabilia Series cards per box, on average!
One (1) Hard-Signed Autograph Series card per box, on average!
Twenty (20) Minis per box, on average!
Ten (10) short-printed subset cards – including two (2) Super SP’s - per box, on average!

Case Break:
One (1) Entomology, Landmarks or Thoroughbred Hair Cuts DNA memorabilia card per 12-box hobby case, on average!

Recently added - Some were asking for more images of the Baseball cards.  We have added in several more card images that showcase the beauty of this set with MLB players.  Goodwin is not just about baseball however.  We will be adding in some other examples of some of the non-MLB cards later on this week., Logan just stopped by my office on his tour of Upper Deck.  Jealous???  He made his own baseball card yesterday.  He got to see the game-used room where he got to check out a Kobe Bryant gamer, swung Ernie Banks' game-used bat (big thrill as a Cubs fan) a, null, null, null, The premier edition of Goodwin Champions baseball will deliver stunning retro-styled images of baseball’s finest active and retired stars alongside legends from the realms of surfing, thoroughbred horse racing, martial arts and more! Set collectors will have an engrossing challenge pursuing an array of high-series short-prints and minis. A slew of new-concept, DNA memorabilia cards will also make their debuts . . . redefining the guidelines for what can be incorporated into a trading card!

Box Break:
Two (2) Memorabilia Series cards per box, on average!
One (1) Hard-Signed Autograph Series card per box, on average!
Twenty (20) Minis per box, on average!
Ten (10) short-printed subset cards – including two (2) Super SP’s - per box, on average!

Case Break:
One (1) Entomology, Landmarks or Thoroughbred Hair Cuts DNA memorabilia card per 12-box hobby case, on average!

Recently added - Some were asking for more images of the Baseball cards.  We have added in several more card images that showcase the beauty of this set with MLB players.  Goodwin is not just about baseball however.  We will be adding in some other examples of some of the non-MLB cards later on this week., null, Check out the "your best pull" thread on the Discussions board to potentially win a Santonio Holmes Autograph UDA 2006 Draft Jersey.  It's easy and it's free!!!, The premier edition of Goodwin Champions baseball will deliver stunning retro-styled images of baseball’s finest active and retired stars alongside legends from the realms of surfing, thoroughbred horse racing, martial arts and more! Set collectors will have an engrossing challenge pursuing an array of high-series short-prints and minis. A slew of new-concept, DNA memorabilia cards will also make their debuts . . . redefining the guidelines for what can be incorporated into a trading card!

Box Break:
Two (2) Memorabilia Series cards per box, on average!
One (1) Hard-Signed Autograph Series card per box, on average!
Twenty (20) Minis per box, on average!
Ten (10) short-printed subset cards – including two (2) Super SP’s - per box, on average!

Case Break:
One (1) Entomology, Landmarks or Thoroughbred Hair Cuts DNA memorabilia card per 12-box hobby case, on average!

Recently added - Some were asking for more images of the Baseball cards.  We have added in several more card images that showcase the beauty of this set with MLB players.  Goodwin is not just about baseball however.  We will be adding in some other examples of some of the non-MLB cards later on this week., He's back...  It looks like the "Pack Break Missionary" is going to be bringing packs to the people again.  It'll be interesting to see what he comes up with this time as he opens SP Legendary Cuts with people who are not hobby savvy.  Should be fun!, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, Setting a standard for excellence, UD Black has quickly become a brand synonymous with quintessential high-end pulls! Led by Rookie Lettermen Patch cards, the supporting cast of     12-swatch gate fold cards, Pride of a Nation manufactured flag patch cards, Game Night Ticket Autographs, and Dual/Triple Trophy Winner cards, UD Black delivers.

EACH PACK DELIVERS:
Two Awesome cards!
1 Rookie Lettermen Patch + 1 Auto or Multi-Swatch card!
NEW ADDITIONS for 2009-10:
12-Jersey Swatch Gate Fold cards!
Black Ice Quad Jersey & Autograph Jerseys!
Trophy Winners Dual & Triple version Book cards!
One autograph cut + 2 or 3 signatures is an exquisite hit!
Lustrous Materials & Pride of a Nation inserts return!
All autographed, all with materials, all big hits!
Find hard-signed Game Night Ticket cards!
One autograph cut + 2 signatures is an exquisite hit!

Awesome Inserts:
Gate Fold Cards: 12 swatches with 6-on-6 Rivals, Generations & Cold War themes!
Pride of a Nation Autographs!
Great Manufactured Patch Flags!
Unbelievable cut signature cards!
Signs of History, Wood Cuts, etc.
Lustrous Materials, The new 2009 Goodwin Champions Baseball - Michael Jordan Hard-Signed Autograph card, null, The premier edition of Goodwin Champions baseball will deliver stunning retro-styled images of baseball’s finest active and retired stars alongside legends from the realms of surfing, thoroughbred horse racing, martial arts and more! Set collectors will have an engrossing challenge pursuing an array of high-series short-prints and minis. A slew of new-concept, DNA memorabilia cards will also make their debuts . . . redefining the guidelines for what can be incorporated into a trading card!

Box Break:
Two (2) Memorabilia Series cards per box, on average!
One (1) Hard-Signed Autograph Series card per box, on average!
Twenty (20) Minis per box, on average!
Ten (10) short-printed subset cards – including two (2) Super SP’s - per box, on average!

Case Break:
One (1) Entomology, Landmarks or Thoroughbred Hair Cuts DNA memorabilia card per 12-box hobby case, on average!

Recently added - Some were asking for more images of the Baseball cards.  We have added in several more card images that showcase the beauty of this set with MLB players.  Goodwin is not just about baseball however.  We will be adding in some other examples of some of the non-MLB cards later on this week., The premier edition of Goodwin Champions baseball will deliver stunning retro-styled images of baseball’s finest active and retired stars alongside legends from the realms of surfing, thoroughbred horse racing, martial arts and more! Set collectors will have an engrossing challenge pursuing an array of high-series short-prints and minis. A slew of new-concept, DNA memorabilia cards will also make their debuts . . . redefining the guidelines for what can be incorporated into a trading card!

Box Break:
Two (2) Memorabilia Series cards per box, on average!
One (1) Hard-Signed Autograph Series card per box, on average!
Twenty (20) Minis per box, on average!
Ten (10) short-printed subset cards – including two (2) Super SP’s - per box, on average!, null, null, null, Find the high end rookie cards of this years elite rookie class! The top 21 Rookies are represented in the regular set as well as parallels and various inserts! At least one (1) Autograph or Memorabilia card in every box. One (1) Multi-signed card per case., null, Bring back the bygone era where vintage cards meet present day collectability. 2009 Philadelphia combines unique and nostalgic themes with the modern heroes of today. Some of the greatest designs in the history of the Hobby are utilized in this new addition to the Upper Deck portfolio., null, null, null, On May 16, the NFL Rookie Photo Shoot was held at the LA Coliseum.  It was a day where all the top skill position players got to put on their pro uniforms for the first time ever.  We worked with the players all day at a variety of photo shoot stations to get images of them in their NFL uniforms for new Upper Deck card sets.

We also had them sign thousands of cards.  Please notice the autographs seen here are actually signed on the card as opposed to using stickers. Additionally we had the athletes sign many different inscriptions as well to add more value to the cards.

All of a sudden it feels like football season!  Enjoy!, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, What do you guys think? Is "The Code" too heavy-handed?, null, null, null, null, null, The 2009 edition of Ballpark Collection delivers a slew of high-end memorabilia cards in every pack and this year’s cards are all serial-numbered! Dual, triple, quad, six and eight piece memorabilia cards featuring a selection of the game’s greatest active and retired stars, including Joe DiMaggio and Ted Williams, are featured in the basic set in addition to several new exciting inserts including an update to the 1999 A Piece of History 500 Home Run Club cards – arguably the most popular game-used cards ever issued!  Not to be outdone, the UD Spokesmen memorabilia inserts pair Upper Deck’s greatest athlete’s including Tiger Woods, Michael Jordan, Wayne Gretzky and Derek Jeter on dual, triple, quad, six and eight-piece cards!
, New posters for hobby shops., Get a first look at some of the great autograph cards in 2008-09 NBA Exquisite.

LeBron James has been at it again...  Adding all sorts of cool inscriptions to the new Exquisite cards.  Enjoy!, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, Great interview on the new blog at UpperDeckBlog.com., From a few weeks ago, reposted here in case you missed it :), null, null, null, Each year the trading card industry gets together so manufactuerers, leagues and retailers can share goals and strategies to make the industry better.  Each year Upper Deck creates a special insert set to thank retailers for investing in the growth of the business by attending this event.  These are just some of the special cards created for those in attendance., Check out Part 1 too if you missed it!, null, Mini Version - Notice the differences between the bones in each, Get a first look at some of the great autograph cards in 2008-09 NBA Exquisite.

LeBron James has been at it again...  Adding all sorts of cool inscriptions to the new Exquisite cards.  Enjoy!, Get a first look at some of the great autograph cards in 2008-09 NBA Exquisite.

LeBron James has been at it again...  Adding all sorts of cool inscriptions to the new Exquisite cards.  Enjoy!, We have finalized the list of seven Upper Deck SPx Rookie Autograph Exchange cards.  The final list is listed below:

RR1 - Koji Uehara - Card #130
RR2 - Colby Rasmus - Card #125
RR3 - Andrew McCutchen - Card #128
RR4 - Matt Wieters - Card #124
RR5 - Chris Tillman - Card #129
RR6 - Josh Reddick - Card #126
RR7 - Mat Latos - Card #127, Upper Deck is pleased to announce a fun program for football fans.  With the draft this weekend and the NFL Rookie Photo Shoot coming up in May, you can share what you would like to have new rookies sign.  Adding special inscriptions to signed cards is a , Each year the trading card industry gets together so manufactuerers, leagues and retailers can share goals and strategies to make the industry better.  Each year Upper Deck creates a special insert set to thank retailers for investing in the growth of the business by attending this event.  These are just some of the special cards created for those in attendance., Check out some of the first images of 2009 Upper Deck Football.  This year Upper Deck will be including the UD Premier brand as an insert in the base Upper Deck product to provide additional high-end value to the set.

Please note, images of rookies are for demonstration purposes only, they will be photographed and pictured in their NFL uniforms for this product., Upper Deck Releases the Michael Jordan Legacy Collection; One Card for Every NBA Game Jordan Played with the Bulls!, Third Baseball Card Collector Completes Upper Deck’s Yankee Stadium Legacy Collection!, Goudey Baseball Returns this Year with Two New Additions, Hard Signed Autograph Cards - Currently In-House, Get a behind the scenes look at a Jack Nicklaus signing, We have finalized the list of seven Upper Deck SPx Rookie Autograph Exchange cards.  The final list is listed below:

RR1 - Koji Uehara - Card #130
RR2 - Colby Rasmus - Card #125
RR3 - Andrew McCutchen - Card #128
RR4 - Matt Wieters - Card #124
RR5 - Chris Tillman - Card #129
RR6 - Josh Reddick - Card #126
RR7 - Mat Latos - Card #127, Check out NHL Athletes signing and appearing for Upper Deck., Check out NFL Athletes signing for Upper Deck or posing for pictures., Check out Baseball players signing and appearing for Upper Deck., Check out some of the signings and events with top Upper Deck spokesmen like Michael Jordan and Kobe Bryant., Upper Deck's new American Idol cards were the talk on ABC's Jimmy Kimmel Live show last week., Enjoy some of the cards from 2009 MLB Upper Deck Piece of History Baseball., Take a look at some of the cards in 2008-09 NHL Champ's., Get a look at some of the great cards in 2009 Upper Deck Series 1., Collectors in the Phillipines open up over 50 cases of Exquisite.  Check it out!, Collectors in the Phillipines show off some of their best Upper Deck cards, check it out., Check out the Ultimate Proposal where a collector proposes to his girlfriend with the help of Upper Deck., Get into the game with Upper Deck's All-Star Vinyl line., Kobe Bryant and LeBron James square off with a special new item from Upper Deck Authenticated., Check out a look at Upper Deck's massive Yankee Stadium Legacy set., Check out a behind the scenes with Kobe Bryant and Shepard Fairey as they work together with Upper Deck Authenticated on an amazing new piece., Check out ESPN's Sports Guy Bill Simmons as he gets an all access tour of Upper Deck., Check out the making of a NFL Trading card., Check out Upper Deck's Baseball clinic with Derek Jeter!, Check out images of the new 2008-09 NBA UD Black card set., null, Check out some of the images of the new 2009 NFL UD Heroes trading cards.)