List(When was the last time you had the perfect Branzino?, And the winner of our OCEANAIRE MADNESS bracket is... our Jumbo Lump Crab Cakes! Thanks to everyone who participated and voted., Have you had lunch with us lately? (Most locations), Living the good life. (PC: eddi3wh0), Our CEO, Tilman J. Fertitta will be answering your questions LIVE on Facebook before tonight’s newest episode of Billion Dollar Buyer. Join us tonight at 8:30CST/9:30EST!, Needing to warm up? Order a Seafood Stew!, It’s the final round for OCEANAIRE MADNESS! Be sure to vote today on the two finalist to receive a special offer. Vote Now:, Have you tried the new Octopus yet? #Minneapolis, Don't miss our Easter Brunch starting at 11am tomorrow!, Last chance to vote on the #OceanaireMadness Final Four! Vote now: http://woobox.com/jezp2q, It’s your last chance to enjoy our Lobster Lovers 5 course dinner with wine pairings! It ends tonight! This dish is at #Minneapolis., It’s OCEANAIRE MADNESS Final Four! Vote on your favorite dish in this year’s bracket and receive a special prize on one of the dishes! More info: http://woobox.com/jezp2q, Lobster Lovers Week is still going on.  Be sure to get a five course meal with wine pairings for $85. Here’s Denver’s menu!, Does Bravado Spice win Tilman J. Fertitta’s business? Tune in to find out on tonight’s premiere of Billion Dollar Buyer at 10PM ET/PT on CNBC!, Congratulations to our #Indianapolis location for being named one of the Top 25 Restaurants by Indianapolis Monthly. We will be featured at their tasting event!, Check out what #Orlando is serving up during Lobster Lovers Week!, Come check out our Lobster Lover's dinner! Delicious dishes at every location!, It's Lobster Lovers Week! From March 18 - 24, enjoy a 5 course Lobster & Wine Dinner for $85. More info: http://bit.ly/1QCv97S, Pan Roasted “Ora” King Salmon is all the rage in #Atlanta., It’s OCEANAIRE MADNESS! Vote for your favorite Oceanaire dish in this year’s bracket and receive a special prize on one of the dishes! Voting starts today at 4pm CST. More info: http://woobox.com/jezp2q, Our Bartenders are actually artists. #Minneapolis, For when you need that Swordfish fix. #Miami, It’s #FinallyFriday. Time to enjoy yourself., Join us for Easter on Sunday, March 27 for all your Seafood Brunch favorites.  Doors open at 11, so make your reservation today., Feeling like a salad? #Hackensack has a great one for you., Celebrate #CrabMeatDay all week with Alaska King Crab Legs for $39.95/lb. More info: http://bit.ly/1QCv97S, Tomorrow, March 9, is the Rodney Strong Wine Dinner in #Minneapolis. More info: http://bit.ly/1RxcaIb, Join us for #Boston Restaurant Weeks now through March 19. More info: http://bit.ly/1LMS9kf, It’s always a good day for Seabass & Clams. #Houston, null, #Indianapolis has the Lobster Tail you want., Oaho Crudo is all the rage in #Houston., Scallops: you’re welcome., Congratulations to Chef Carlos Valdez in #Hackensack who won 2016 Ultimate Chef New Jersey!, Eat like you mean it. (PC: Katherine.ali), The Tilefish you want. #Indianapolis, #Denver: It's time for Restaurants Week. Enjoy our Restaurant Week menu now - March 6 for only $35. See you soon., Ahi Tuna is for winners. #Denver, Pan-Seared Scallops are good all the time. #Denver, Celebrate #NationalClamChowderDay with a hot bowl of your very own., #OysterTime, Tonight is the night to watch Chef Rocco! We have all night Happy Hour at the Houston location. Chopped starts at 9pm central., Be sure to head over to our #Minneapolis location and enjoy our Restaurant Week menu.  See the menu: http://bit.ly/1Tx27HD, #Miami is serving up the perfect Nigiri., Legs for days., For when you need something sweet., Our CEO, Tilman J. Fertitta, will be starring in a new reality show, Billion Dollar Buyer. 
Tune in March 22nd at 10pm ET/PT on CNBC to see him personally scouting the country for the most 
innovative new products America’s entrepreneurs have to offer. #BillionDollarBuyer, Our lunch menu has something for everyone., Tuesday, 2/23, is Chef Rocco's Food Network Chopped debut.  Cheer on your favorite #Houston Chef and join us for an all night Happy Hour party from 4pm-close!, Go on an adventure and order the octopus! #Houston, Diddy recommends treating your honey to the Ciroc made Sweetheart at #Oceanaire this #ValentinesDay!, #Indianapolis has Grilled Panama Swordfish ready for you., #Denver is ready for #ValentinesDay today!, We have Red Velvet cupcakes for your special Valentine! See you tonight! #Atlanta, More #JohnDory for #Indianapolis!, We are searin’ that Marlin. #Houston, It’s not too late to make your Valentine’s reservations! While you’re there, order The Sweetheart., Jelly Doughnut Bread Pudding?! Life doesn’t get any better. # Minneapolis, Celebrate #ScallopSunday the right way. #Atlanta, Just a little #JohnDory Fish. Thanks #Denver., Almost time for Valentine’s Day.  Make your reservation today., Fish is lookin’ mean when you order an Angry Whole Gulf Red Snapper., It takes Tuna to Tango. #Miami, Need Seafood? We’re here for you., It’s time to get Chopped. Don’t miss Chef Rocco from #Houston on Food Network's Chopped airing 2/23!, Create your own wine flight from of our Whites of Winter menu for just $19 More info: http://bit.ly/1Sy9SwS, Looking for that perfect pair? It’s Steak + Cake. More info: http://bit.ly/1PO8gd3, Hawaii Ono is all the rage in #Denver., Kick back and enjoy life. (PC: soysauce360), Celebrate National Baked Alaska Day from January 30 - February 1 by receiving a complimentary Baked Alaska with the purchase of an entree. More info: http://bit.ly/1GTgNvo (Not valid with any other promotion), Scallops & Short Ribs?! Does life get any better?, #Indianapolis has the perfect Trout., It’s always a good day for the freshest seafood., Have something sweet. PC: julietroyalty, Get your favorite Lobster Pappardelle Pasta in #Indianapolis., Time for a snack break., Celebrate romance with The Oceanaire during Valentine’s Weekend. Why not order The Sweetheart?, #Houston: Prosciutto wrapped Halibut is waiting for you., #Miami: Join us for the Loveblock Wine Dinner with Loveblock wines from New Zealand paired perfectly with a special menu., Have you had tried our fresh crab lately?, Enjoy your Sunday., From January 5 – February 5, upgrade your dining experience and sample any four white wines you choose from our Whites of Winter Menu. More info: http://bit.ly/1Sy9SwS, Baked Alaska for your thoughts?, Serving up steaks in #Indianapolis., Watch tonight’s National Championship game at the freshest bar in town.  It starts at 8:30 Est, see you then., A little #SundayFunday is good for you. (PC: eddi3wh0), #TreatYourself, You’ve never had a Tres Leches like this: Mango Coconut Tres Leches. #Houston, Make it a good day., From January 5 – February 5, upgrade your dining experience and sample any four white wines you choose from our Whites of Winter Menu. More info: http://bit.ly/1Sy9SwS, Have you had your oysters lately?, It’s as good as it looks., The Answer? Cheesecake., Got Seafood? #WashingtonDC (PC: snook_dogg), Happy New Year!, The perfect day. (PC: mollyhorstmann), Things are stacking up nicely. #Houston (PC: missnaochan), Ring in the New Year with style with us.  More info: http://bit.ly/1GTgNvo, The perfect pair: Filet Mignon & Jumbo Lump Crab Cake., Merry Christmas!, What are you craving from Oceanaire?, #Houston Sea Bass on point., Cheers to #HappyHour. (PC: gjordancrna), Seafood Stew just for you., Celebrate with us on Christmas Eve and Christmas Day. For more info: http://bit.ly/1YXgkz5, Cheesecake? Yes please., #Indy is ready for you., Blazzin’ Hot (PC: iraalverez), They’re that good., Celebrate with us on Christmas Eve and Christmas Day. For more info:http://bit.ly/1YXgkz5 (PC: mavilg), The fish you deserve. #Houston, Happy Hour done right. (PC: eddi3wh0), Time for Sunday Funday., Hawaiian Opah coming your way. #Indianapolis, Raise a glass to the weekend., It’s always the right time for oysters., #Houston has the freshest Seafood ready., Celebrate with us on Christmas Eve and Christmas Day. For more info: http://bit.ly/1YXgkz5, A #BloodyMary is perfect on Sunday., You’re seeing double in the best way possible., Seafood Stew just for you!, All of our stores will be open for Christmas Eve., Cheesecake for your thoughts?, We are open for #NewYearsEve this year!, A little Lobster Pot Pie to warm you right up! #Denver, Cheers to Friday. PC: gjordancrna, Happy Thanksgiving., Find the perfect balance between Sugar and Salt with a bottle of Sugar Reef Sauvignon Blanc and a dozen Oceanaire Salt Oysters for $35., No need to sword fight with this Swordfish! #Indianapolis, #Orlando: We will be open for Thanksgiving this year.  Call today to make your reservation.  407-363-4801, Enjoy $1 Oysters all day as you shop ‘til you drop this Black Friday! For our locations: http://bit.ly/1PRfIHY, #ScallopSunday, Sashimi sliced fresh all night long. #Houston, When you can’t pick just one. PC: Kevin_ktale, #GetYourGritsOn with an order of Shrimp & Grits., How about a Sashimi Duo in #Boston?, It’s Baked Alaska time., The #Houston bar is ready with fresh Seafood., Have a truly special dinner in #Miami with this Squid Ink Capellini., Osso Bucco Milanese? #Houston has it waiting just for you., This #Friday13th guarantee yourself some good luck by planning to come by on #BlackFriday where we will serve $1 Oysters all day., Celebrate #NationalHappyHourDay with a proper Happy Hour from us.  More details: http://bit.ly/20B11hj, All of our Oysters are fresh and waiting for you. PC: Helloamy05, Just a little Lobster in #Miami., Sugar & Salts & Everything Nice: Now through December 6 enjoy a bottle of Sugar Reef Sauvignon Blanc and a dozen Oceanaire Salts for $35., Neccie_eff enjoyed a delicious dinner with us this week!, #Denver is on a roll! Between Nantucket Bay Scallop Gnocchi, Charred Spanish Octopus and Lobster Pot Pie, where would you start?, It’s always a good day for Oysters., You need this Grilled Open Blue Cobia from Panama., Sunday November 8 is Oceanaire’s Oyster Bash in Baltimore! Join us for unlimited oysters, light bites, local craft beer & spirits, live music, and much more!
Ticket information: http://bit.ly/1S6n3TH, Have you seen a Tempura Fish Sandwich look this good? See it for yourself during lunch! (Select locations), Have you tried one of our amazing new drinks yet?, Kick off your week with Grilled Costa Rican Mahi Mahi from our #WashingtonDC location., Oceanaire’s Oyster Bash in Indianapolis is Sunday, November 15.  Celebrate with unlimited oysters, live music, local craft beer, and so much more.  For more info: http://bit.ly/1OiTHmy, Check out this #SundayFunday photo from Instagram user CyndiePham!, It’s Halloween and we’re celebrating. From open to close on October 31st we have a three course dinner for two with a bottle of wine for $60. For more info: http://bit.ly/1OnQ5PM, Have you had Seafood Stew lately? #Houston is serving up a delicious one., #Denver is serving up the perfect Autumn Ceviche., It’s lunch time and our new menu includes these irresistible Lobster Quesadillas.  (Select Locations), null, Halloween is this Saturday and were celebrating! From open to close on October 31st we have a three course dinner for two with a bottle of wine for $60. For more info: http://bit.ly/1OnQ5PM, Sunday November 8 is Oceanaire’s Oyster Bash in Baltimore! Join us for unlimited oysters, light bites, local craft beer & spirits, live music, and much more! 

Ticket information: http://bit.ly/1S6n3TH, It’s Sunday and that means $1 Oysters in the bar area all day!, Craving Seared Ahi? #Boston has it waiting., It’s National Seafood Month and we’re celebrating with two cold water Lobster Tails for only $39!, Cheers to the weekend! Thanks to bellajewelsllc for the picture., Eat like a King now through October 25 with Alaska Red King Crab legs at just $36 per pound., It’s almost Halloween and we have the perfect treat! From open to close on October 31st we have a three course dinner for two with a bottle of wine for $60. For more info: http://bit.ly/1OnQ5PM, The new lunch menu is ready and waiting for you.  Check with your preferred location for more details., Colossal Stone Crab Claws have arrived for a limited time only. Call your preferred location for more details., It’s a good day to unwind.  PC: gjordancrna, Wanting the perfect fish? #Denver has Cornmeal Crusted Barramundi ready for you., It’s a Baked Alaska kind of Friday., It’s National Seafood Month and we’re celebrating with two cold water Lobster Tails for only $39!, This #Halloween you deserve a treat and we have it.  From open to close on October 31st we have a three course dinner for two with a bottle of wine for $60. For more info: http://bit.ly/1OnQ5PM, What’s your favorite thing from the Raw Bar?, Life doesn’t get much better than this.

Thanks to EatWithJudy on Instagram for this great shot!, null, Oceanaire Oyster Bash - October 25th! Live music, unlimited oysters and light bites, local craft beer & more!

Ticket Information: http://bit.ly/1NBVWAV, Can you guess this location?, #Denver is serving up this amazing Roasted Beet Salad., Craving fish? Why not try the Angry Dorade Royle in #Houston., Shrimp + Grits = Perfection, It’s National Seafood Month and we’re celebrating with two cold water Lobster Tails for only $39!, These new drinks are calling your name., This lobster is a pure beauty.  Mattymlewis enjoyed it in #Boston., It’s $1 Oysters in the bar all day Sunday!, Start your weekend on a sweet note., Order up! Fresh, new cocktails are ready to be served., Catch the best this National Seafood Month and enjoy 2 Cold Water Lobster Tails for only $39. Find a location: http://bit.ly/1GTgNvo, Guess this location!, Have you treated yourself today?, Only a few days left to Dine like a King and enjoy King Crab Legs for only $36 per pound. More info: http://bit.ly/1iJqUd5, It’s #ScallopsSunday and #Denver is serving up Scallops and Pork Belly., This Swordfish from #Indianapolis is just what you need., Finish your Friday with the perfect beverage., We Roll with Lobster., These Oceanaire cocktails are calling your name., From September 14 – 30, Dine like a King and enjoy King Crab for only $36 per pound. More info:http://bit.ly/1iJqUd5, #Houston is serving up Coconut Scallop Ceviche!, It’s #ScallopSunday and #Minneapolis has the perfect scallops., Enjoy Wild Alaskan Halibut with house made Squid Ink Fettuccine in #Indianapolis., Seared Wild Alaska Halibut with Braised Pork Belly, does it get any better? #Boston, null, Have the perfect week in #Hackensack with Shrimp & Beef Noodles., Get your #TunaTuesday on with Togarashi Crusted Tuna with red miso butter, ginger, and soy glaze in #Houston., From September 14 – 30, Dine like a King and enjoy King Crab for only $36 per pound. More info: http://bit.ly/1iJqUd5, Craving Mozzarella? #Houston has Burrata Mozzarella with heirloom tomatoes, jalapeno & mint pesto, frisee, and aged balsamic glaze., It’s a #BakedAlaska kind of Thursday., #Indianapolis: Here is your Marinated Grilled Octopus with shaved fennel, orange supremes, and radish., Fresh Seafood & Cocktails… What more could you ask for?, Putting The Oceanaire twist on a signature dish! Seared Halibut Cheeks “Louie” are ready for you in #Orlando., Craving a different kind of pasta?  This Linguine is topped with delicious Softshell Crab. #Hackensack, Seared Hawaiian Tuna & Mojo Pork Belly is just want you’re wanting., Celebrate Labor Day with a 3-course Dinner for Two and a bottle of wine for $75 from September 1 - 7. View Menu: http://bit.ly/1N05G5V, Monday is now #MonkfishMonday.  #Hackensack is serving theirs with Watermelon, Goat Cheese, Macadamia Nuts, Mint, and Ginger., Build your own Tito’s Bloody Mary in #Hackensack and enjoy the Breakfast of Champions., #Atlanta is serving up “Deep Blue” Cobia., Every day is the right day for Oysters., Cheesecake for your thoughts?, Get through your midweek slump with the perfect order of Seafood Stew., What is your favorite drink to order during Admiral’s Hour?, #Baltimore: It’s time for Grilled Halibut with braised rainbow chard and peach puree., It’s #SweetToothSunday.  Which of these Alaska Seafood Week desserts is your favorite? Make your reservation for tonight to enjoy it for yourself., Check out this sneak peek of #Orlando’s Alaska Seafood Week menu., Craving #Fish this Friday? Get your fix with us during Alaska Seafood Week at all our locations., #SanDiego is serving up the perfect dinner for Alaska Seafood Week., Join us at The Oceanaire during Houston Restaurant Weeks for a 3-course dinner for $35, or stop by for lunch for $20!, Alaska Seafood Week is raging on and #Houston has the perfect 5 course dinner just for you. Call today to make your reservation., #Denver is celebrating Alaska Seafood Week with an amazing 5 course dinner.  Which course would you be most excited for? Call today to make your reservation., It is Alaska Seafood and Wine Week! Indulge in a 5 course Alaska Seafood dinner with the perfect wine pairings for only $85 per person. Contact your preferred location for more details., Craving a classic? San Diego has a great Crab & Shrimp Louie Salad and Heirloom Tomato., It’s #ScallopSaturday in Atlanta and they are serving up Seared Scallops with Roasted Garlic & Tomato Gazpacho., It doesn’t get much better than Loaded King Crab Mashers., It’s #NationalFiletDay and we have the perfect Filet just for you., Pan-Seared Alaska Sockeye? Yes please., It’s Summer Time in #SanDiego! Enjoy this Yellow Summer Gazpacho with Dungeness Crab on a hot day., Enjoy some #FishFacts then come into #TheOceanaire and order your own Coho Salmon., Any time is the perfect time for a Tiramisu., Shrimp + Grits = The Perfect Combo, It’s #NationalOysterDay! We have $1 Chef’s Select Oysters from 5pm – close in the bar and dining room. See you then., Did you know our Baked Alaska is lit on fire at the table? Thanks to Instagram user Mary_Brickell_Village for this great photo!, #NationalOysterDay is Wednesday August 5 and we’re celebrating with $1 Chef’s Select Oysters from 5pm – close in the bar and dining room. Make your reservations today!, Satisfy your sweet tooth., Here’s something to try. Jerked whole Caribbean Pompano with citrus sweet potatoes, and a sweet and spicy mango chutney., Have you had our Mojito Martini lately?, It’s Tuna Time., Start your week off with Pan-Seared Alaska Sockeye with Summer Succotash and Turnip Puree., It’s a #BloodyMary kind of Sunday., Saturday is now #ScallopSaturday and we’re serving them hot and fresh! These are Pan Seared Maine Diver Scallops with Golden King Crab, Watermelon Mint Salad, Feta and Lemon Buerre Blanc., Beat the heat with us and feel refreshed with our seafood and a cocktail., We are serving up fresh Lobster Rolls in the bar., Friday is #LobsterDay! Make your reservations by Thursday July 23 to take advantage of these Lobsters., Friday is #LobsterDay! Make your reservations by Thursday, July 23 to take advantage of 2 pound Steamed Lobsters for $35. More info: http://bit.ly/1GTgNvo, Guess this Oceanaire location!, It’s Monday and you deserve a treat., End your weekend right with $1 Chef Select Oysters in the bar all day!, Thirsty? We’ve got you covered., Fire up your Friday with our signature Baked Alaska!, It’s #LobsterDay on Friday, July 24th from 5pm – close.  Call your preferred location to make reservations today: http://bit.ly/1GMqXNG, Hey #Indianapolis, we have an amazing special just for you running through Friday! It's Grilled Wild Resurrection Bay Sockeye Salmon --- Poached Beets, Parmesan Risotto and Balsamic., We’re still serving Wild Alaska Salmon. This wonderful fish is only available for a short season!, Have the perfect dinner tonight: Seared Ecuadorian Corvina served with Chilled Soba Noodles, Local Pea Tendrils from Growing Places Indy, Sesame Soy Vinaigrette and Rice Wine Pickled Chilies., Did you know we have an amazing Admiral’s Hour? With specials starting at $6, it is not to be missed! More info: http://bit.ly/1GMqXNG, It’s Sunday and that means $1 Chef Select Oysters all day in the bar!, Our Saturday is looking good.  Come see us to make yours this good, too!, Did you know we now have our own proprietary oyster: Oceanaire Salts? Come in today and try them., Let the #Indianapolis Oceanaire welcome you with a Cornmeal Fried Cold Water Oyster topped with Spicy Garlic Rouille., We are excited to be hosting a special event benefitting Big Brothers Big Sisters of Colorado's mission in #Denver. Join us Monday July 13th  for this special evening! Buy your tickets: http://bit.ly/1JRNDPw, Why not a midweek pick me up of Scallop Thermidor?, Today is the last day to celebrate the Red, White, and Blue with a dinner for two! Enjoy a 3 course dinner for two plus a bottle of wine for only $60! View the menu: http://bit.ly/1Nk2wYA, Wanting something a little different? Why not try Jerked Chilean Seabass with a citrus sweet potato puree and mango relish?, Happy #July4! Celebrate the Red, White and Blue with a dinner for two! From July 1- 7, enjoy a 3 course dinner for two plus a bottle of wine for only $60! View the menu: http://bit.ly/1Nk2wYA, We have Soft Shell Crab waiting just for you! This is our Cornmeal Crusted Jumbo Maryland Soft Shells over Cheddar Grits and Heirloom Tomatoes with a Bourbon Bacon and Jalapeno Jam from our #Baltimore location., Even more ways to enjoy lobster! This is our Lobster and Grits- Half of a two and a half pound Lobster shelled and sautéed with Applewood Smoked Bacon, Toasted Garlic, Roasted Tomatoes, in a Cajun Tomato Broth., You need this in your life. It’s Poached Lobster over Sweet Potato Risotto and Parmesan Broth., Wanting to try something new? What about Grilled Ecuadorian Mahi Mahi with Braised Beets, Balsamic Candied Shallots, Blue Cheese and Sherry., Celebrate the Red, White and Blue with a dinner for two! From July 1- 7, enjoy a 3 course dinner for two plus a bottle of wine for only $60! View the menu: http://bit.ly/1Nk2wYA, A welcome from our culinary team in #Indianapolis: Wild Copper River Salmon Belly Tartar---Wakame, Sesame & Wasabi Tobiko., #Baltimore: We're having a beer dinner on June 28th and here’s a little sneak peak of our 3rd course: Salmon Pastrami & Lot #3 . Call today to make your reservations at the Baltimore Oceanaire. (443) 872-0000, Have you ordered our Seafood Stew lately?, What’s your favorite way to enjoy Oysters? Oysters Rockefeller is one of ours!, Duckhorn Month rages on! Sample four of the finest wines from Duckhorn for $40. For more info: http://bit.ly/1LweSwf, These Georges Bank Sea Scallops over a Wild Mushroom Risotto are waiting for you., Father’s Day is on its way! Call today to make your reservations today featuring a 3 course dinner for $59. More info: http://bitly.com/hU4b3T, Our seafood tower is the perfect addition to you group dinner or celebration!, #Baltimore: We're having a beer dinner on June 28th! Call today to make your reservations at the Baltimore Oceanaire. (443) 872-0000, Have you stopped by for lunch lately? We have all of your favorites including, Crab Cake Sliders, Fish Tacos, Salads, and more. (Select locations), Craving Scallops? What about delicious Seared Maine Diver Scallops with Sweet Corn Puree and Arugula & Roasted Poblano Pepper Vinaigrette? #Indianapolis has them waiting for you!, Tis the Season for Salmon! It’s only around for a limited time so come in today and try our Wild Alaska Sockeye Salmon., It’s National Lobster Day! Come in today to celebrate with your own Lobster., It’s Friday and you deserve something sweet. See you tonight!, Pick one: would you order the Pan-Seared Scallops, Copper River King Salmon, or both? Both are being served in #Denver. Come see us today., Craving something fresh and delicious? Indianapolis is serving Grilled Copper River Sockeye Salmon with Cumin Spiced Cauliflower, Broccoli, and Pine Nut Gremolata.  We are waiting to take your reservation., Father’s Day is on its way! Call today to make your reservations today featuring a 3 course dinner for $59. More info: http://bitly.com/hU4b3T, These Seared scallops with fennel, beets and sausage are being served up in #Minneapolis! Your table is ready., Come in today to the #Denver Oceanaire to order our Pan-Seared Loch Etive Steelhead with House Gnocchi, Wild Morel and Beech Mushrooms, Local Arugula and Umbrian Black Truffles which are shaved tableside by the Chef!, Needing a gift for Dad? Come into The Oceanaire has the perfect Gift Card for him.  Buy him a $100 Gift Card and receive a $20 Reward Card for yourself. More info: https://www.landrysinc.com/giftcards/default.asp, During the month of June we have a flight of four Duckhorn Wines for $40. Pair each wine with Chef’s specialty dishes for an additional $40., These dishes from our #Houston location looks amazing!, Father’s Day is coming soon! The Oceanaire is celebrating with a 3-course menu. More info: http://bitly.com/hU4b3T, Come and see us for #HappyHour!, #Houston: we have Eastham blood clam ceviche with lime, cilantro, onion, tomato, & avocado aioli appetizer waiting for you!, It's #Salmon time! Our first of the season Copper River Wild Alaska Salmon now available for a limited time., We are pleased to announce a proprietary new oyster that is raised and harvested especially for The Oceanaire Seafood Room…. named Oceanaire Salts., The Oceanaire Chefs are cooking up some amazing fish for you!, It's #Salmon time! Our first of the season Copper River Wild Alaskan Salmon now available for a limited time., Father’s Day is coming up and The Oceanaire is having a 3 course dinner for $59.  Treat him to an evening of the freshest seafood and finest service.  For more info: http://bit.ly/1GMqXNG, #Houston: Here is your special for the week.  Togarashi dusted Hawaiian tuna with stir fry noodles, snow peas, roasted mushrooms, & black garlic aioli., Needing a gift? Buy a gift card from The Oceanaire.  For every $50 spent in The Oceanaire Gift Certificates, you’ll receive a free $10 Reward Card.  For more info: http://bit.ly/1Lu0LI9, We’re thinking seafood is the perfect option for dinner tonight., null, Celebrate #ChardonnayDay with a trip to Oceanaire with a $10 glass of Chateau Montelena Chardonnay!, The #Houston Oceanaire is serving up some amazing Tuna!, You need to have our Lobster Thermidor., We have a three course dinner for two and a bottle of wine for $60! Reserve your table today., Unwind this Friday with an refreshing cocktail!, Last night’s Savor Tonight Lionfish Wine Tasting Dinner in Miami was a huge success – below are some photos from the event., Order this amazing Lobster and Crab Rolls in the bar today!, Have you had oysters lately?, #Houston: Enjoy this Salmon Dynamite special! Faroe Island salmon with  crabmeat, scallops, crawfish, shiitake mushrooms, glass noodles and roose sauce!, Dive into dessert., This Salmon, created by Chef Rocco at the Houston location, looks amazing!, It’s finally Friday and you deserve a treat., #Indianapolis: Come in and enjoy this special: New Zealand Barramundi - Sauteed Fiddlehead Ferns, Escargot, Caramelized Onions, Mushrooms and Celery Broth., Enjoy this Thursday with a perfect cocktail from The Oceanaire., It’s always the right moment for delicious fish., #Hackensack: Here are you're #TheOceanaire specials for the week!, It’s a Shrimp and Grits kind of day., Make your Mother’s Day reservations at The Oceanaire.  We are opening all locations at noon and will include signature Brunch items.  For something a little extra treat Mom to “The Rose”, our special Mother’s Day cocktail., We’re going to suggest Shrimp Scampi to take you into the weekend., Be sure to come by our booth at The Junior League of San Diego's Food and Wine Festival this Sunday, May 2nd! More info: http://www.jlsdfoodandwine.com/, Baltimore: We will be open from 4:00pm - 8:00 pm each night during the curfew. Come see us., Time to Fish on Thursday., A dozen Oysters and a bottle of Chardonnay? Count us in for dinner tonight., Mother’s Day is coming up on May 10: Don’t forget to make your brunch reservations at The Oceanaire! We will open our doors at noon at all locations.

Needing something extra? Treat Mom to “The Rose”, our special cocktail for Mother’s Day., Lobster Thermidor your Weekend., You’ve almost made it to Friday., Don’t forget to make your Mother’s Day Brunch reservations at The Oceanaire! We will open our doors at noon at all locations. 

Needing something extra? Treat Mom to “The Rose”, our special cocktail for Mother’s Day., A bottle of Chardonnay and a dozen Oysters? Sounds like the perfect Tuesday night., Have you stopped in at our #Houston location lately? Don't miss out on the delicious., Last night, 66 guests attended our Perfect Pairing Dinner in #Indianapolis benefitting the American Red Cross! Our team and all guest chefs did a fantastic job., Need a great pairing for dinner tonight? We recommend a dozen Oysters paired with a bottle of Chardonnay for $49., You can’t light your taxes on fire, but you can to our Baked Alaska. #TaxDay #Dessert, Did you attend the Tortuga Festival this weekend in Ft. Lauderdale? You might have met Chef Kareem of Oceanaire Miami!, This Mother’s Day, we will open our doors at noon for brunch + our regular menu! 

Needing something extra? Treat Mom to “The Rose”, our special cocktail for Mother’s Day., A little bit of everything., TGIF! We are going for the Lobster & Crab Roll Duo tonight at the bar. What about you?, Slice into a delicious dessert tonight., Have you sipped on our Mojito Martini yet? It’s a can’t miss at Happy Hour., We’ve got the perfect Date Night idea for you., We’re thinking seafood is the perfect option for dinner tonight., Still needing a spot for Easter Brunch? We have you covered. For reservations: http://www.theoceanaire.com/Locations.aspx, We look forward to seeing you for Good Friday tomorrow. #FreshFish, A dozen Oysters. A bottle of Chardonnay. $49 for a limited time., You’re going to want to order the Shrimp & Grits tonight., Cobia, anyone? Available in #Dallas: Open Blue Cobia Sushi Roll, with wasabi tobiko, avocado, watermelon radish, spicy cucumber salad & soy caramel., There’s still time to make your Easter Brunch reservations: http://www.theoceanaire.com/Locations.aspx, It’s the last Lenten Friday before Good Friday…. Time to enjoy some fantastic seafood!, #Denver: Ready for a Scallops special tonight? Toasted Shitake Orzo, Pickled Spring Onions, Sea Beans, Miner's Lettuce and Chestnut Oil., A new, refreshing appetizer at our #Houston location: Shellfish and Watermelon Campechana. It includes Gulf Shrimp, PEI Mussels, Calamari, Clams, Watermelon Salsa Rojo., It’s a Happy Hour kind of mood tonight., Hungry, #Miami? You'll want to stop in for our special: Peppercorn Crusted Costa Rican Wahoo (Truffle Creme Fraiche, Port Wine Demi Glacé, Asparagus & Cherry Tomatoes.), There’s not much better than a dozen oysters and a bottle of Chardonnay., Needing the perfect place for Easter Brunch on April 5? We have you and your family covered. 

For reservations: http://www.theoceanaire.com/Locations.aspx, Already made our Sunday plans.... $1 Oysters from open-close in the bar area at Oceanaire., Fish Friday for a Lenten Friday., The Lobster thinks dinner and a cocktail are a great idea, too., Hop into your favorite Oceanaire for Easter Brunch on April 5. For reservations: http://www.theoceanaire.com/Locations.aspx, Thermidor a little more tonight., Monday always calls for Prosecco Sangria at Happy Hour., #Indianapolis: There is still time to make your reservations for our Wine Dinner on Wednesday! Call (317) 955-2277 to make your reservations today., It's a Lobster Lovers Weekend at our #Indianapolis location! You won't want to miss this., We are all about Fish Fridays during #Lent. 
(Photo of Salmon from Chef Rocco at our Houston location), O-Y-S-T-E-R-S., Have you checked out our new bar item yet? Lobster and Crab Rolls are a delicious pairing with your favorite cocktail., It's a Lobster Lovers Weekend in our #Indianapolis and #Orlando locations! Please call your location for more details and to make your reservation., We've gone Cobia! Check out the dishes below from our #Hackensack and #Indianapolis locations.

Hackensack: Sashimi Style Open Blue Cobia, with Chilled Sweet Chili Noodle Salad, Mango, Grape Tomatoes, Peanuts, and Scallion Ribbons

Indianapolis: Cobia "Nigiri" - Open Blue Cobia, Heirloom Carolina Golden Rice,  Wasabi Tobiko and Soy Caramel, You don't want to miss out on our Wine & Dinner Pairing on March 18, #Indianapolis! Call (317) 955-2277 to make your reservations today., Lobster Lovers Weekend in #Denver was a success! Check out a dish from this weekend: Lobster gnocchi with a 6 oz lobster tail, shellfish essence, shiitake mushrooms, Parmesan, tomatoes, & fine herbs., We're celebrating National Crabmeat Day March 6-9 in a delicious way: Alaska Red King Crab for $39.95/per pound*!

*Maximum order of 3lb. per person. Not valid with any other offer, discount or promotion. Not valid for take-out. Available only March 6-9, 2015., Some delicious coming your way via #Houston and #Indianapolis! 

Indianapolis: Open Blue Cobia Crudo - Toasted Red Pepper Oil, Radish and BLiS Smoked Salmon Roe.

Houston: Seared Ecuadorian Swordfish; and a fresh twist on Grilled Massachusetts Scallops and Gulf Prawns., #Baltimore: Lobster Lovers Weekend is headed your way March 5-8! Make your reservations today., Ready for some more delicious from Chef Rocco in #Houston? This is a Cobia "Tataki" Appetizer: Black Coconut Crust, Charred lime Puree, Chili Oil, Wakame, Pickled Ginger Aioli, Savory Coconut Rice Pudding., All about the Snapper in #Houston: "Angry" whole grilled Key West Lane snapper with sautéed bell peppers, jalapeno, shaved onion, garlic Alaskan red king crab, & chipotle lime jus., It needs to be a Shrimp & Grits type of night., It’s National Clam Chowder Day: You know where to celebrate!, Spotted this morning on the news: Chef Andy from #Indianapolis Oceanaire giving a shucking lesson for Clam Chowder Day!, Time to set your dessert choice on fire tonight., The Lobster is so big at our #DC location that we have to feed it steak. To make your reservations: http://bit.ly/OADCReservations, Warm up with our offer on Wednesday for National Clam Chowder Day! Enjoy a $2 cup of Clam Chowder at all Oceanaire locations*.

*Valid with purchase of entrée. Can’t be combined with any other offer or LSC points.  Must mention offer to your server., Scene from Lobster Lovers Weekend in #Houston: Lobster Arancini., Ready, Lobster Lovers? We are. 

Available in: Atlanta, Boston, Hackensack, Dallas, Houston, Miami, San Diego, DC. Call your local location for additional details and reservations., Lobster, anyone? #Miami, The Combine is in town, and we are serving up the 24oz Hand Cut New York Strip in #Indianapolis until Sunday!, Cocktail, or Fruit Serving?, There's a new Chef in town.... #Houston, Make it a Date Night tonight in DC! To view our menu, click here: http://bit.ly/OADCMenu, Don’t forget: it’s this weekend!

Available in: Atlanta, Boston, Hackensack, Dallas, Houston, Miami, San Diego, DC. Call your local location for additional details and reservations., Scenes from Valentine's Weekend in #Indianapolis: Don't worry, it made us hungry, too., We are all about Happy Hour in San Diego! Join us Monday-Friday 5-6 p.m.; Monday-Thursday 9 p.m. - Close; and Sunday 8 p.m.- Close. Drinks start at $5, apps start at $6! For full menu: http://bit.ly/OASanDiegoHH, We are all about Happy Hour in Miami! Join us Sunday - Friday from 3-7 p.m. Drinks start at $5, apps start at $6! Full HH menu here: http://bit.ly/OAMiamiHH, Congratulations Alysia Pomeroy! You are our randomly selected winner of the $100 Oceanaire dining credit, to be used anytime from Feb. 16 - May 15.

Please private message us on Facebook to claim your prize and set up your reservation!, Making it a Salmon kind of night., Our next Lobster Lovers Weekend will be Feb. 19-22! Available in: Atlanta, Boston, Hackensack, Dallas, Houston, Miami, San Diego, DC. Call your local location for additional details and reservations., Available THIS WEEK ONLY in #DC: pan seared MSC certified Chilean sea bass with quick pickled jalea salsa with grilled pineapple, aji amarillo and lime crema!, Love is in the AIRE this Valentine’s Weekend., Serving up a new bar appetizer in #Indianapolis! Buffalo Fried Oysters - Frank's Red Hot Seasoning, Sriracha and Blue Cheese., Turning up the delicious in #Miami today., You only have a few more days…., Hungry, #SanDiego? We have a delicious dish for you tonight: Grilled California Halibut, Sweet Corn Elote, Nopales, Sherry-Bacon Gastrique & Chile., We are all about the Soba Noodles tonight at two locations: 

#Indianapolis: New Zealand John Dory - Soba Noodles, Pork Chashu, Scallions and Dashi.

#Houston: Soba Noodle Salad - mussels, avocado, cucumber, mandarin oranges, with a cilantro lime vinaigrette, topped with crispy togarashi rice noodles., Already thinking about $1 Oysters on Sunday*.

*Available all day in the bar area only., Ready for a Lobster Weekend, #Minneapolis? Make your reservations today by calling 612-233-2277., Time for a Friday Dish Faceoff!

Which delicious dish are you craving: Kataifi Shrimp with Nuoc Cham Sauce from #Miami or Togarashi Seared Florida Wahoo on a Seaweed Salad from #Orlando? 

Tell us in the comments below!, Filet Mignon + Crab Cake = Delicious on a Wednesday., Hungry, #Miami? Let’s make it a scallops or Nigerian Tiger Prawns Night., Love is in the AIRE! #LoveAire is back this year, and we are giving away a $100 dinner credit to Oceanaire. 

All you have to do is share a photo of you with your sweetheart below in the comments. The winners will be drawn Feb. 13 at 5 p.m.!, Have a Ceviche good time at our #Houston location tonight., Time to celebrate #NationalBakedAlaskaDay ALL Weekend!, Filet Mignon + Crab Cake = Perfect Thursday., Check it out: Chef Kareem shares some of his favorite spots in #Miami!, Ready for a special, #Indianapolis? Gulf Amberjack Sashimi - Kumquat, Caramel Soy, Salmon Roe and Local Micro Cilantro from Growing Places Indy. Available for a limited time., Wednesday Agenda: Cocktail(s) at Oceanaire., Congratulations to our Orlando location! They received the Orlando Sentinel Critics Choice for Best Seafood., We're all about celebrating #BakedAlaskaDay., Scampi on in tonight., Serving up some delicious in Boston tonight: Seared Fiji Lehi Snapper- Roasted Yukon potato, roasted pepper jam, green beans, braised prosciutto., Congrats Chef Carlos Valdez and Oceanaire Hackensack for being crowned the 2015 #UltimateChefBergenCounty!, Team #Orlando at the Windermere Wine and Dine Event.... hope to see you all here!, #Houston, we have a (delicious) problem. Specials tonight - click on each photo to see description., Don't worry, we'll make your weekend plans easy for you., The Cocktail you can have daily. #ShrimpCocktail 

(Great shot from our #Boston location!), Ready for a special, #Indianapolis? You'll want to come in for Seared Maine Diver Scallops - Foie Gras, Marsala Blueberries, Toasted Sourdough and Smoked Olive Oil!, The Finals are this Saturday, and our Hackensack location is competing against our sister restaurant, Morton's The Steakhouse! 

Who will win? #GoOceanaire, Travel with a fun dish from our #Miami location: "Three Continents" Grilled Platter - Fresh Stone Crab, King Crab, Tiger Prawns and Octopus with Anticuchos Sauce., Hungry, #Atlanta? Come in for seared swordfish with sweet potato gnocchi, wilted baby arugula, warm sherry and bacon vinaigrette., It's Restaurant Week in San Diego, and we are all about that Warm Lobster & Shrimp Salad., Time to Thermidor. #LobsterThermidor, Our Monday fish feature from our #Houston location: Togarashi dusted Texas Redfish with aromatic vegetables, coconut curry cream and mango bowfin caviar salsa., Recommendation: Always start dinner with a delicious appetizer, like our Calamari., Spotted at our Houston location: Blackened Texas redfish with a jalapeño bacon pan sauce and dirty rice., #Indianapolis: Time to get your shuck on! $1 unlimited Chef's Choice Oysters now offered 5-6 p.m. Monday - Friday and all night Sunday in the bar area only., You only have until tomorrow to enjoy… time to make reservations., Not feeling like seafood tonight, #Miami? We've got you covered., Go Chef Valdez! #Hackensack, Time to get your Monday seafood fix., #Denver: The National Western Stock Show starts today! Hungry? Make sure you check out our 3-course menu for $39!, Offered through the weekend in #Indianapolis: Seared Maine Diver Scallops!
 
American Paddlefish Caviar, Fingerling Potatoes, Herb Cream Cheese, Local Pea Shoots from Growing Places Indy and Lemon Vinaigrette., Special tonight at our Miami location: Costa Rican Wahoo "tiradito" with truffle pearls and Peruvian Popcorn. A TGIF worthy dish from Chef Kareem!, Eat like a King (Crab)., Hungry, #Houston? Make sure to check out Chef Rocco's special tonight, Jerk Panamanian Cobia., Welcome 2015 in style with a 3-course menu! Available at all locations., Definitely go for the Shrimp & Grits tonight., Nantucket Bay Scallops? Yes, please. Make sure to check them out, available for a limited time only., Seafood Charcuterie - Unique and Delectable! Octopus Capaccio, King Crab Terrine, Cured Salmon, Tuna Belly, Escovitch Shrimp & Pikliz. 

Just featured in The Miami Herald Food Section. (Photo Credit: Miami location), Different look on Facebook, same fresh seafood.

All Oceanaire pages have been merged into one main page so that we can keep you better up to date. You will still receive local promotions and events, so stay tuned!, Let's Make it a Dynamite 2015!!
Seared Maine Diver Scallops "Dynamite" - Lump Crab Meat, Thai Chili Buerre Blanc, Sriracha and Soy Caramel. #2015, New Year's Resolution = Eat More Fish.

We are open today from 5 to 10pm.  For reservations please call 317.955.2277, or for online reservations please go to theoceanaire.com., Hand Shucked, Sustainably Harvested - Nantucket Bay Scallops. Served seared tonight as part of our NYE pre-fix menu with Wild Rice Gnocchi, Brussel Sprouts and Black Truffle Nage. #HappyNewYear, Skuna Bay Salmon - Creamy Garlic Lentils, Bacon and Fried Leeks. #NYEmenu, Seared Maine Diver Scallops - Soba Noodles, Enoki Mushrooms, Miso Clam Broth and Nori. #NYEmenu, American Paddlefish Caviar and BLiSS Smoked Steelhead Roe - Fingerling Potato Chips, Chive Creme Fraiche, Microgreens and Lemon Vinaigrette., Blue Crab Dumplings - Spicy XO Sauce #NYEMenu, Grilled Mediterranean Octopus - Shaved Fennel, Blood Orange, Basil, Balsamic and Amelia's Bakery Focaccia., Paella - Spanish Chorizo, Shrimp, Mussels, Saffron and Arborio Rice., House Cured Norwegian Salmon - Brioche Toast from Amelia's Bakery, Egg and Sauce Grabbiche., Duck Confit Cassoulet - Pork Belly, White Beans and Duck Sausage. Chef is topping the Cassoulet with Panko and Rendered Duck Crackling. #cracklins, Hawaiian Hamachi Sashimi - Charred Sticky Rice, Chive and Tamari Shoyu., Our Culinary Team has created a fantastic 4 course Pre-Fix menu for your New Year's Eve enjoyment, which will include this North American Paddlefish Caviar paired with BLiSS Smoked Steelhead Roe. 

Follow this link to see our full NYE menu - http://www.theoceanaire.com/pdf/menus/indianapolis/Indy_SpecialEvent_Menu.pdf - for reservations please call 317.955.2277, or go to our reservation weblink at theoceanaire.com., Gold Creek Oysters from Southern Puget Sound, Washington State., Unlimited $1 Chef's Choice Fresh Shucked Cold Water Oysters available in the Bar Area anytime through December 30th!!! #abuckashuck, Jumbo Lump Crab Cake + Center Cut Filet Mignon - available through December 30th for only $39!!! #steakncake #surfandturf, Classic Oysters Rockefeller - always a good call!! #whatsfordinner, Sunday Funday - Unlimited $1 Chef's Choice Oysters available in the Bar Area all night long!!! #abuckashuck #dinnertime, Florida Black Grouper - Sugar Snap Peas, Sea Asparagus and Dashi. #whatsfordinner, House Made Cinnamon Apple Raisin Streusel a la Mode. #dessert, Beautiful 38 North Oysters from Maryland.

We also have the following Cold Water Varietals available for you tonight: Barron Point - WA, Calm Cove - WA, Eagle Rock - WA, Fire Lake - NB, Flapjack - WA, Henderson Pearl - WA, Judd Cove - WA, Kumamoto - CA, North Bay - WA, Nasketucket Bay - MA, Pickering Passage - WA and Skookum Point - WA.  All are served fresh shucked to order on the half shell - and we have unlimited Alpine Bays from PEI for $1 in the Bar Area all night long!! #abuckashuck, Yakitori Unagi - Japanese Style Grilled Freshwater Eel - with Napa Cabbage, Caramel Soy, Toasted Sesame and Korean Chili Powder. #yakitori #unagi, Take a break from the kitchen and let us do some Holiday cooking!!

Tonight through December 30th we are offering our Filet Mignon and Jumbo Lump Crab Cake, paired together for only $39!!

Or make it a three course meal, with your choice of either our Famous New England Clam Chowder or Caesar Salad to start, and finish up with either a Hot Fudge Sundae, Key Lime Pie or Cheesecake - 3 courses all for only $49!!

Unlimited $1 Chefs Choice Oysters will also be available in the Bar Area anytime through the 30th!!

For reservations or more information please call 317.955.2277 - for online reservations please follow our web link at theoceanaire.com., Our Christmas Schedule:

Open today for Lunch Service until 4:30, Dinner Service from 4:30 - 10pm.

Closed Christmas Day :)

Open for Dinner Service from 5 - 11pm on the Friday the 26th.

Happy Holidays!, Lobster Mac n Cheese - Cavatappi, Bechamel and Gruyere., Whipped Goat Cheese and Toasted Pistachio Crostini - one of the many Hors d'Oeuvres we have available for a large dinner party or a smaller group function.  Let us help make your special occasions — business lunches and dinners, company events, special celebrations, holiday parties and more — unique and unforgettable with our exquisite menu and superior service.  For more information please contact our Sales and Events Coordinator Laura Smith at 317.955.2277, or via email at Laura_Smith@ldry.com., Classic Oceanaire Hashed Browns - always a good call!! #potatoey #crunchy #yummy #goodness, The Best of Both Worlds - Wild Alaskan King Crab and Cold Water Lobster. #naughtyornice, null, Unlimited $1Chef's Choice Oysters available in the Bar Area every Sunday Night!! #sundayfunday, 10oz "Angry" Cold Water Lobster Tail - Chilies, Garlic, White Wine, Orange Zest and Sriracha. #angrytail, Atlantic Wahoo Ono - Grilled Octopus, Local Pea Shoots from Growing Places Indy, Basil, Olives, Capers, Sourdough and Balsmic., Ultrafresh Hawaiian Opakapaka - Gold and Red Beets, Goat Cheese, Toasted Pistachio, Vinagre de Jerez and Bourbon Barrel Stave Smoked Grey Sea Salt from Breckenridge Distillery. #qualitymatters, Grilled Mediterranean Octopus - finished in the oven with Thyme & Paprika., Ultrafresh Golden Tilefish #whatsfordinner, Sustainably Harvested and Handshucked - Nantucket Bay Scallops.  Seared tonight with Roasted Sunchoke Puree, Virginia Country Ham, Black Eyed Peas and Grilled Lemon. #dinnertime, XO Sauce - a Chinese style sauce, prized for its intensity and depth of flavor. 

Executive Chef Neil Andrews used Serrano Peppers, Soy Sauce, Ginger, Garlic, Diced Country Ham, Dried Scallops, Dried Shrimp, Shallots and Sesame Oil to create our house version.

This wonderful XO Sauce is served tonight with Grilled Skuna Bay Salmon and Kauai Prawns with a mix of local spicy microgreens - Broccoli, Radish, Mustard and Kohlrabi - from Growing Places Indy., How many restaurants in Indy have fresh pasta available tonight? We do - Ultrafresh Housemade Spaghetti, Handmade this morning, on the menu tonight!! #qualitymatters, Grilled Ecuadorian Mahi Mahi - Shaved Bottarga, Oven Dried Tomatoes,  Grilled Pears, Local Pea Tendrils from Growing Places Indy and Bourbon Maple Vinaigrette., As promised, we have a special and exclusive treat for Oyster Lovers tonight!! 
Ultrafresh NT-5 "Salty Dog" Oysters, harvested from North Nantucket Bay - the first 900 to ever be sold on the mainland are ONLY available at Oceanaire Restaurants nationwide. 
We had 100 flown in fresh this morning, and have about 90 or so for you tonight - we had to sample a few :)....Wonderfully clean and intense salinity from these bivalves - really delicious!!!, Ultrafresh Calm Cove Oysters from Washington - for lunch service today we are also offering the following cold water varieties: Flapjack - WA, Hammersley - WA, North Bay - WA, Pickering Passage - WA and Samish River - WA.  All are available fresh shucked to order on the half shell - stay tuned today, as we have a special treat for Oyster Lovers on the menu tonight!!!!!, Grilled Skuna Bay Salmon - Fuji Apple - Curry Slaw and Grilled Kauai Prawns. #qualitymatters, Hawaiian Striped Marlin - 5 Spice Crispy Pork Belly, Button Mushrooms, Napa Cabbage and White Miso Dashi., Naughty or Nice? Nueske's Applewood Smoked 8oz Bacon Steak!! #Nueskes #applewoodsmoked #baconsteak #baconisafoodgroup #carnivore #baconmakeseverythingbetter #youdontneedswagwhenyouhavebacon, Gooseberry Cove Cod "Ritzy" - Broiled with Ritz Crackers, Drawn Butter and Old Bay Seasoning.  #puttinontheritz #dinnertime, Hawaiian Ahi Tuna Sashimi, Sunday Funday - Unlimited $1 Chef's Choice Oysters available in the Bar Area all night long! #goblue #dinnertime, Seared Icelandic Turbot - with Butternut Squash Puree and Wilted Spinach. Chef Neil had just shaved House Made Foie Gras Torchon over the plate to finish it!!!!!, Nice to Meat You - 16oz Carved Prime Rib - served with Au Jus and a side of Creamy Horseradish., Seared Nantucket Bay Scallops - Our Chefs shaved House Made Foie Gras Torchon over these beautiful Nanny Bays, finishing the plate with some Roasted Sweet Potatoes and BLis Bourbon Barrel Aged Maple Syrup. #handshucked #sustainablyharvested #dinnertime, Hawaiian Striped Marlin - Seared with Ginger Cured Duck Confit, Grilled Eggplant, Napa Cabbage, Miso Dashi and local Micro Scallions from Growing Places Indy., Wild British Columbia Steelhead Trout - Baby Fuji Apple Chutney, Roasted Sunchokes, Eggplant and Greentop Carrots., Seared Hawaiian Striped Marlin - Sea Asparagus, Baby Bok Choy, Red Braised Pork, Dashi, Bonito and local Micro Scallions from Growing Places Indy., Nantucket Bay Scallops - Served Picatta Style with White Wine, Butter, Capers and Parmesan Cheese., Nantucket Bay Scallops - Spanish Chorizo, Tomatoes, Capers, Broccolini and Toasted Sourdough., Roasted Rhode Island Monkfish - Stewed Tomatoes, Cheese Grits, Mussels and Spanish Chorizo., Hawaiian Striped Marlin - Hong Shao Rou, Baby Bok Choy and Green Top Baby Carrots., A little slice of perfection - Nueske's Applewood Smoked 8oz Bacon Steak!!! #baconisafoodgroup #Nueskes, Sustainably Harvested and Handshucked - Nantucket Bay Scallops. Shown here in our Dynamite preparation with Crab Meat, Sriracha,  Caramel Soy and Thai Chili Beurre Blanc., Fish & Chips - Cornmeal Fried Lake Superior Walleye with Hand Cut Fries and House Tartar Sauce., Unlimited $1 Chef's Choice Oysters available in the Bar Area all night long on Sundays - see you soon!!!, Seared Baja Corvina - Local Applewood Smoked Bacon from  Smoking Goose Meatery, Fresh Handmade Black Pepper Spaetzle and Toasted Horseradish Butter., Ultrafresh Hawaiian Striped Marlin - Seared Rare with Caramelized Coconut Cream, Leeks, Green Onion and Chilies., Nueske's Applewood Smoked Slab Bacon + Japanese Steel = 8oz Bacon Steaks!! Are you ready to step up to The Ultimate Side Dish??? #nueskes #baconisafoodgroup, 8oz Nueske's Applewood Smoked Bacon Steak - The Ultimate Side Dish! #nueskes #baconisafoodgroup, Idaho Rainbow Trout - Roasted Root Vegetables, Poached Egg and Sage Hollandaise., Grilled Skuna Bay Salmon - Whipped Parsnips, Roasted Mushrooms and Local Smoking Goose Applewood Smoked Bacon., Cranberry Oyster Dressing - Bacon, Thyme, Sage and Sourdough.  The Perfect Side Dish for a cold night in Indy!!, Ecuadorian Mahi Mahi - Kabucha Squash Puree, Apple & Pear Salad, Brown Butter., Gooseberry Cove Cod Poutine - Hand Cut Fries, Cheese Curds and Blonde Gravy., Seared Nantucket Bay Scallops - Toasted Coriander Spiced Carrot Puree, Wilted Spinach and Grilled Orange., Whats for Dinner?, Hawaiian Ahi Tuna Toro, Sunday Funday - Unlimited $1 Chefs Choice Oysters available in the Bar Area all night long!! Don't forget about our Perfect Pair, a dozen Chef's Choice Oysters and a bottle of Groth Napa Valley Sauvignon Blanc, all for only $49, available anytime through December 7th. #perfectpair #abuckashuck, Grilled Skuna Bay Salmon - White Beans, Applewood Smoked Bacon, Spinach and Balsamic Vinaigrette., Costa Rican Silk Snapper - Tomato Curry, Broccollini and Local Pea Shoots from Growing Places Indy., Nantucket Bay Scallops "Picatta" - White Wine, Butter, Parmesan and Capers., Join us tonight for Unlimited $1 Chef's Choice Oysters - available in the Bar Area from 5-11pm!!! #buckashuck, A few highlights from today's vegetarian tasting: Melted Leek & Mushroom Risotto with Asparagus, Smoked Olive Oil and Red Wine Reduction.  Fresh House Made Fettucine, Kabocha Squash Creme Sauce, Star Anise Poached Cranberries and Sage., Sous Chef Andy Horstmann @chefandyh with a gorgeous Costa Rican Silk Snapper., Our Cold Water Oyster Selections for today: North Bay - WA, Calm Cove - WA, East Beach Blonde - RI, Eagle Rock - WA, Flap Jack - WA, Pickering Pass - WA and Samish River - WA.  All are available fresh shucked to order on the half shell - for reservations or more information please call 317.955.2277., The Best Oyster and Wine Deal in Indy - a bottle of Groth Napa Valley Sauvignon Blanc + a Dozen Chef's Choice Cold Water Oysters - all for only $49 - available anytime through December 7th!!!!, Hawaiian Ahi Tuna Sashimi, Sunday Funday - Unlimited Chefs Choice $1 Oysters available in the Bar Area all night long!!, Seared Maine Diver Scallops - Cranberry Orange Compote, Toasted Pecan and Brown Butter Hollandaise., Hawaiian Kajiki Marlin Sashimi - Rambutan Jelly, Serrano, Radish, Sriracha and Caramel Soy., The Burgundy Truffle appears in Fall, and is usually available September through December. These precious fungi are similar in appearance to the Black Winter Truffles, but with a more delicate flavor and Hazelnut aroma., Nantucket Bay Scallops - sustainably harvested and hand shucked, the Sweetest Protein in the Sea!! Available tonight Seared with House Made Gnocchi, Spinach, Roasted Mushrooms and White Wine Nage., Roasted Jalapeno & Shrimp Bisque - the perfect soup for a cold night in Indy!!, Ultrafresh House Made Black Pepper Pappardelle Pasta - made by hand today, on the menu tonight!!, Grilled Oysters - Available Anytime!!!, Pan Seared Maine Diver Scallops "Dynamite" - Crab Meat, Soy Caramel, Sriracha and Thai Chili Beurre Blanc., Whole Grilled Australian Barramundi - Shaved Fennel Salad, Lemon and Smoked Olive Oil., Maine Diver Scallops "Picatta" - Lemon, Capers,  Parmesan and White Wine., 6oz Center Cut Filet Mignon "Dynamite" - with Crab Meat, Sriracha, Thai Chili Beurre Blanc and Caramel Soy., Seared Maine Diver Scallops with Spanish Chorizo, Mussels and Cheddar Grits - perfect for a snowy night in Indy!!, Sunday Funday - Enjoy Unlimited $1 Chef's Choice Oysters in the Bar Area all night long.  We are also offering a bottle of Groth Napa Valley Sauvignon Blanc + a dozen Chef's Choice Fresh Shucked Cold Water Oysters - all for only $49 - available anytime through December 7th!!!!, This beautiful Hawaiian Blue Marlin was flown in fresh this morning - shown here Simply Grilled with Coconut Curry and Napa Cabbage., Amuse Bouche - Panzanella of Madako Tako, Sourdough, Grape Tomatoes and Balsamic., Seared Nantucket Bay Scallops - Sage Braised Beef Tongue, Olive Oil Poached Local Salsify from Annabelle's Garden and Demi Glace., Join Executive Chef Neil Andrews  tonight at the 2014 Signature Chefs Auction benefiting the March of Dimes, at the Crane Bay Events Center in Downtown Indianapolis!, Hawaiian #1 Ahi Tuna - Seared Rare with Wakame, Wasabi Emulsion and Caramel Soy., Seared Nantucket Bay Scallops - Handmade Fresh Pasta, Grape Tomatoes, Olives, Basil and Marsala., Ultrafresh Kauai Pink Snapper - Flown in from Hawaii this morning, on the menu tonight - available Pan Seared with Roasted Pork Belly, Brussel Sprouts, White Beans and Brown Butter., The 2014 Alaskan Halibut season just ended, and we have procured one last fish for this year. We will have Halibut T-Bones and Filets available for a limited time only - here we have Seared Wild Alaskan Halibut with Miso Dashi Broth, Makado Tako and Charred Pepper Salad., Jumbo Florida Stone Crab Claw - we have 5 pounds of this Ultrafresh delicacy available!!, The Perfect Pair - Come enjoy a bottle of Groth Napa Valley Sauvignon Blanc and a dozen Chef's Choice Cold Water Oysters, all for only $49. Available anytime through December 7th - see you soon!!, 20oz Bone-in Ribeye "Dynamite" - Crabmeat,  Thai Chili Buerre Blanc, Caramel Soy and Sriracha., Hawaiian Kajiki Marlin Sashimi - Chilies,  Orange, Caramel Soy, Sriracha and local Micro Scallions from Growing Places Indy., Kauai Monchong - Roasted Pork Belly, White Beans and Lemon Butter Pesto., Coquilles St. Jacques - Classic dish of Nantucket Bay Scallops, Bechamel, Mushrooms and Gruyere., We think excellence is focusing on the smallest details, like these wonderful local Micro Scallions from Growing Places Indy!!, Seared Atlantic Tilefish - Daikon Radish, Charred Shishito Peppers, Ponzu Dashi Broth and local Micro Scallions from Growing Places Indy., Nantucket Bay Scallops - Simply Seared with Sunchoke Puree, Bacon Braised Brussel Sprouts and Warm Sherry Vinaigrette., Nantucket Bay Scallops - sustainably harvested and hand shucked - The Sweetest Protein in the Sea!! Available tonight served Raw with Lemon Ponzu, Chives and Charred Shishito Peppers - dusted with Korean Chili Powder and Hawaiian Black Lava Sea Salt., Nantucket Bay Scallops - The Sweetest Protein in the Sea!! Simply prepared here with Soy Sauce, Lemon, Chilies, Chives and a sprinkle of Hawaiian Black Lava Sea Salt., Seared Maine Diver Scallops - White Truffle Corn Puree, Crispy Leeks and Roasted Mushrooms., Join us tonight for the Best Cold Water Oyster Selection in Indy!  Tonight we are offering the following varietals, all available fresh shucked to order on the half shell: Calm Cove - WA, Eagle Rock - WA, Flapjack - WA, Kumamoto - CA, Malleable - PEI, Pickering Pass - WA and Sisters Point - WA., Sunday Funday - Unlimited $1 Chef's Choice Oysters in the Bar Area all night long!!!!, Hawaiian Kajiki Marlin Sashimi - Madako Tako, Orange, Local Micro Cilantro from Growing Places Indy, Sriracha and Carmel Soy., Seared Maine Diver Scallops - Charred Shishito Pepper, Radish Salad and Butter Dashi., Happy Halloween - come enjoy two Cold Water Lobster Tails for only $39.  Happy Hour and Unlimited $1 Chefs Choice Oysters available in the Bar Area all night long - Go Pacers!!!!, Seared Canadian Walleye - Wild Rice & Corn Fritters with Quince Gastrique., Rhode Island Tautog - Ultrafresh and on the Menu Tonight!!, Atlantic Tilefish - Shaved Daikon, Radish and Napa Cabbage with Spicy Lemongrass-Coconut Broth., Seared Maine Diver Scallops - Fresh Hand Made Fettucine, Basil Pesto, Oven Dried Tomato and House Lemon Ricotta., Ultrafresh Housemade Fettucine - Handmade and on the Menu Tonight!!!, Here are the beautiful New Zealand Cockle Clams - steamed with Garlic, Chilies and White Wine., New Zealand Cockle Clams - Ultrafresh and on the menu tonight!!!, Join us tonight for the Best Cold Water Oyster Selection in Indy!!!, One last night to enjoy Wild Alaskan Red King Crab for only $39.95 per pound - for reservations please call 317.955.2277, or follow our reservation web link theoceanaire.com., Sunday Funday - Unlimited $1 Chef's Choice Oysters available in the Bar Area all night long!!!, Best. Crabcake. Ever, Hawaiian Ahi Tuna Sashimi, Skuna Bay Salmon Sashimi with Hawaiian Black Lava Sea Salt, Seared Hawaiian Opakapaka in White Soy Dashi Broth and Scallions, Soba Noodles with Sesame - Soy Dressing and Toasted Sesame Seeds., Flash Fried Great Lakes Smelt, Grilled Skuna Bay Salmon - Wild Foraged Hen of the Woods Mushrooms, Spaghetti Squash and Honey., Ecuadorian Mahi Mahi - House Made Rabbit Sausage, Poached Quince and Wilted Baby Kale., Amuse Bouche - Grilled Oyster, Seared Maine Diver Scallops - Seared Pork Belly, White Beans and Roasted Tomato., Wild Alaskan Red King Crab for only $39.95 per LB???!!!! Available for a limited time only - October 23rd through 27th - for reservations please call 317.955.2277, or follow our reservation weblink at theoceanaire.com., Grilled Skuna Bay Salmon - Wild Foraged Hen of the Woods Mushrooms, Pickled Shallots and Honey., Grilled Skuna Bay Salmon - Porcini Orzo, Roasted Mushrooms and Red Wine Reduction., Come dine with The King, October 23rd - 27th - Wild Alaskan Red King Crab for only $39.95 per pound!!!  For reservations please call 317.955.2277, or follow our reservation weblink at theoceanaire.com., All Hail the King!!, Our Cold Water Oyster Selection for tonight: Alpine Bay - PEI,  Blackberry Point - PEI, Broadwater - VA, Crystal Rock - WA,  East Beach Blonde - RI,  Malpeque - PEI, Old 1871 - VA and Rappahannock - VA.  All are available fresh shucked to order on the half shell - for reservations or more information please call 317.955.2277., Seared Maine Diver Scallops "Dynamite" - Crabmeat, Sriracha, Soy Caramel and Thai Chili Buerre Blanc., NFL Football + Unlimited $1 Chef's Choice Oysters in the Bar = Sunday Funday!!!, Maine Diver Scallops - Lemon, Capers and Parmesan., Seared Maine Diver Scallops - Lobster & Crab Wontons, Baby Bok Choy and White Soy Dashi., Fall Vegetable Gratin - Kale, Celery Root, Turnip, Butternut Squash - topped with Gruyere, Parmesan and Roasted Honey Glaze., Maine Diver Scallops - Seared Brussel Sprouts, Wild Rice and Ginger Pear Compote., Hawaiian Monchong - Spanish Chorizo, White Beans, Capers, Roasted Tomatoes and Marinated Olives., Amuse Bouche - Skuna Bay Salmon Sashimi, Wasabi, White Soy, Local Tatsoi & Radishes from Growing Places Indy., Buffalo Fried Oysters - Frank's Seasoning and Blue Cheese Dressing., First of the season, Fresh Never Frozen, Wild Alaskan Red King Crab from the F.V. Artic Sea - Ultrafresh and on the menu Tonight!!!, A lot of love went into our Curried Butternut Squash soup today., Roasted Fall Vegetable Ragout - Parsnip, Butternut Squash, Local Carrots, Leeks, Celery Root, Fennel, Thyme and Sage - glazed with Roasted Honey., Seared Maine Diver Scallops - Shaved Brussel Sprouts, Toasted Walnuts and Pomegranate., Grilled Skuna Bay Salmon - Goat Cheese, Pistachios, Fresh Figs and Balsamic., Join us in celebrating National Seafood Month with our Twin Tails promotion - 2 Cold Water Lobster Tails for only $39!!  Shown here in our "Angry" preparation,  with Chilies, Garlic, White Wine, Butter and Sriracha., Sliced 20z Bone-in Ribeye, Seared Canadian Walleye - Roasted Tomato, Jalapeno Polenta and local Pea Tendrils from Growing Places Indy., These beautiful local wild foraged Maitake Mushrooms are also known as Hen of the Woods - tonight they are paired with Ecuadorian Mahi Mahi, Smokey Bacon and Whipped Parsnip Potatoes., Local Wild Foraged Hen of the Woods -  Ultrafresh and on the menu tonight!!, Skuna Bay Salmon - Lemon Roasted Local Baby Carrots from Growing Places Indy with Pine Nuts, Fig-Pear Gastrique., In addition to our World Famous New England Clam Chowder, our Chefs create an additional special soup for you to enjoy daily - like this Curried Butternut Squash soup., Shrimp + Grits = Yum!!, Whole Florida Pompano - Flash Fried with Napa Cabbage and Red Chili Soy., Steamed Singing Pink Scallops - Miso, Ginger, White Wine & Butter., Singing Pink Scallops - Ultrafresh and on the menu tonight!!!, Pan Seared Panamanian Cobia - Bacon Braised Kale and Shagbark Syrup Glazed Cippolini Onions., Sunday Funday - Unlimited $1 Chef's Choice Cold Water Oysters available in the Bar Area all night long!!, Seared Maine Diver Scallops - Handmade Fettucine, Roasted Tomato, Clam, Marsala and Fresh Lemon Ricotta., Hawaiian Sashimi Duo - Kajiki Marlin & local Growing Places Micro Cilantro, Ahi Tuna & Sea Bean - Dashi and Soy Caramel., Jumbo Lump Crab Cocktail - Simply Delicious!!, Seared Hawaiian Kajiki Marlin - Sea Beans and Butter Dashi., Ultrafresh Hawaiian Ahi Tuna - flown in today, on the menu tonight!!, Grilled Hawaiian Opah - White Balsamic,  Broccoli Floret Risotto and Pickled Local Zebra Tomatoes., Grilled Skuna Bay Salmon - Roasted Corn, White Queso, Avocado Crema, Local Micro Cilantro and Serrano Peppers from Growing Places Indy., Join us for Indy's BEST selection of Cold Water Oysters!!!
http://www.indianapolismonthly.com/dining-blog/indy-top-5-oyster-bars/, Hawaiian Ahi Tuna Sashimi, Maryland Style Jumbo Lump Crab Cake - Simply Delicious!!!, Amuse Bouche - House Cured Nordic Trout Tartar, Lemon Dill Creme and local Micro Fennel from Growing Places Indy., Alaskan Black Cod - Seared Salsify, Local Pea Shoots from Growing Places Indy and Yuzu., House Cured Nordic Sea Trout - Potato Chips, Lemon Dill Creme, Capers & Egg., Skuna Bay Salmon - Ragout of Wild Mushrooms and Root Vegetables, Sage Brown Butter, Sherry and Hawaiian Black Lava Sea Salt., Amuse Bouche - Wild Alaskan Coho Salmon Sashimi with Caramel Soy, Wasabi and Micro Cilantro from Growing Places Indy., Ultrafresh Local Produce - Micro Cilantro from Growing Places Indy., Seared Maine Diver Scallops - Soy Braised Berkshire Pork, Chinese Long Beans, Toasted Sesame and Caramel Soy., Wild Foraged Chicken of the Woods Mushrooms - Ultrafresh and on the Menu Tonight!!!, All Hail the King - Wild Alaskan King Crab, 10oz Center Cut Filet Mignon - Jumbo Lump Crab, Asparagus and Sauce Bearnaise., Simply Grilled Cold Water Oyster = Simply Delicious!!!, Seared Maine Diver Scallops - Soy Braised Berkshire Pork, Shiitake Mushrooms and Carrot Ginger Dressing., Grilled Oysters, Hawaiian Monchong - Goat Cheese Risotto, Roasted Red Pepper and Crispy Oyster Mushrooms., Yuzu Rock Lobster - Spinach, Roasted Acorn Squash and Hawaiian Black Lava Sea Salt., Fresh Figs - Field Greens, Goat Cheese, Pistachio and Balsamic Reduction., A fresh shucked Hammersley Oyster simply dressed with Hawaiian "Red Gold" Sea Salt., Ecuadorian Mahi Mahi - Corn Scallion Pancake with Blistered Cherry Tomatoes,  White Balsamic and Pine Nuts., Seared Maine Diver Scallops - Braised Berkshire Pork Jowl,  Roasted Acorn Squash and Shagbark Syrup - Blueberry Gastrique., Skuna Bay Salmon - Red Pear & Ginger Compote with Pecans and Curried Beet Puree., Seared Maine Diver Scallops - Goat Cheese & Leek Risotto with Blistered Cherry Tomatoes., Seared Alaskan Halibut - Orange, Strawberry, Watermelon, Apple and Caramel Soy., Grilled Cold Water Lobster Tail - Crispy Fingerling Potatoes and Herb Salad., null, Hawaiian Ahi Tuna Sashimi, What could make these grilled cold water oysters better? Bacon...yes Bacon., null, Seared Panamanian Cobia - Coconut Lemongrass Broth, Oyster Mushrooms, Bean Sprouts and Macadamia Nuts.  For reservations please call 317.955.2277, or follow our reservation weblink at theoceanaire.com., Seared Maine Diver Scallops - Ostera Caviar, Crisp Fingerling Potato, Parsley Oil, Poached Egg & Hawaiian Red Gold Island Sea Salt., Grilled Nordic Trout - Artichoke Barigoule with Sourdough., 2 Lobster and Crab Rolls + a glass of Belle Glos Meiomi Chardonnay - all for only $19 = Perfection!, Sunday Funday - Unlimited $1 Chef's Choice Oysters in the Bar Area all night long!!!, Grilled Oysters - perfect for a cool September night - or anytime!!!, Steak and Shrimp, Ultrafresh Cold Water Oysters on a warm August night - Second Annual Evening with Penrod at the Indianapolis Museum of Art., Tonight we will be a participating restaurant at the Second Annual Evening with Penrod at the Indianapolis Museum of Art. Purchase your tickets here: http://www.penrod.org/arts-fair/friday-night, Atlantic Monkfish - Truffled Popcorn Nage,  Fingerling Potatoes, Nueskes Bacon Lardons and Macadamia Nuts., Wild Alaskan Coho Salmon - Charred Onion & Broccolini Slaw, Mushroom Dashi and a Poached Egg., Seared Maine Diver Scallops - Sweet Corn & Scallion Pancake, Ponzu Marinated Local Heirloom Cherry Tomatoes from Growing Places Indy!!, Amuse Bouche - Grilled Oyster, Copper Shoals Farm Texas Redfish - Apple Compote, Baby Kale, Grilled Corn and local Heirloom Tomatoes from Growing Places Indy!, Seared Maine Diver Scallops - Shrimp infused Risotto with Leeks and Asparagus, Spicy Citrus Tomato Salsa., Wild Alaskan King Crab, Sometimes the simplest things are the best - like Grilled Asparagus with Olive Oil and Red Island Sea Salt., Happy Labor Day!! We are featuring $1 Unlimited Chef's Choice Oysters in the Bar & Happy Hour all night long, as well as our Steak and Cake prefix menu and entree in the dining room. And Bacon., Sunday Funday - Unlimited $1 Chefs Choice Oysters available in the Bar Area all night long!! #Devourdowntown #steakandcake #happyhour, Its National Cabernet Day - tonight only we are offering a $10 glass of Cabernet Sauvignon from one of Napa Valley's earliest estates in the esteemed Stags Leap District- Stags' Leap Winery., Steak & Cake + Unlimited $1 Chefs Choice Oysters in the Bar + #DevourDowntown + $10 Stags Leap Winery Cab in the Bar = The Perfect Saturday!!!, Baby Kale Salad - Green Apples, Candied Pecans, Blue Cheese and Sherry Vinaigrette., Join us this Labor Day weekend for Unlimited $1 Chef's Choice Oysters - available in the Bar Area anytime through Monday!!!, null, BliS Smoked Wild Steelhead Roe, 16oz New York Strip - Nice to Meat You!!, Alaskan Ling Cod - Potato, Leek & Bacon Risotto with Toasted Horseradish., Seared Maine Diver Scallops - Grilled Baby Octopus, Shaved Fennel, Pine Nuts, Cherry Tomatoes and Sherry Vinaigrette., Let us do the cooking this Labor Day Weekend!, null, The Ultimate Side Dish - Nueske's Slab Bacon #baconmakeseverythingbetter ., Ultrafresh Hawaiian Kajiki Marlin Sashimi, Sunday Funday - Unlimited $1 Chefs Choice Oysters available in the Bar Area all night from 5-10pm!!!, Here are the New Zealand "Cockie" Clams steamed with White Wine, Chilies, Garlic Garlic and Basil., New Zealand "Cockie" Clams - Ultrafresh and on the menu tonight!!!, Florida Amberjack - Mushrooms, Tomatoes, Chilies, Bean Sprouts, local Buckwheat Sprouts from Growing Places Indy and Coconut Ginger Broth., Seared Maine Diver Scallops - Duck Confit & Sweet Corn Risotto, Peach Sherry Jus., Hawaiian Kajiki Marlin Sashimi - Dashi, Frisee, Ponzu Vinaigrette and Bonito., Ultrafresh Hawaiian Kajiki Marlin + Japanese Steel = The Best Sashimi in Indy!!, Gulf Snowy Grouper - Sweet Chili Glazed Pork, Shiitake Mushrooms, Napa Cabbage and Ginger Coconut Broth., Oceanaire Hashbrowns, Our cold water oyster selection for this evening: 38 North - VA, Caribou - NS, Eld Inlet - WA, Henderson Pearl - WA, Kumatmoto - CA, Lady Chatterly - NS, Moonstone - RI, Naked Cowboy - NY, Pickering Passage - WA, St. Anne - NS, Shigoku - BC and Wolf Beach - WA.  All are available fresh shucked to order on the half shell - the perfect way to start your #DevourDowntown dinner!!!, Grilled Wild Alaskan Coho Salmon with Charred Peaches, Cherries, Pecans, Drunken Raisins and local Micro Opal Basil from Growing Places Indy - one of three entree choices for our Devour Downtown menu., Chefs Cold Water Oyster Trio with a Watermelon Mignonette. One of three starter choices for our Devour Downtown Menu., Amuse Bouche - "Angry" Wild Alaskan King Crab with Orange Zest, Chilies,  White Wine and Sriracha., Grilled Fresh Shucked Cold Water Oysters, Maryland Style Jumbo Lump Crab Cake, Sunday Funday - Unlimited $1 Chefs Choice Oysters available in the Bar area all night long!!!, Wild Alaskan King Crab "Angry" - White Wine, Garlic, Orange Zest, Chilies and Sriracha., Halibut T-Bone "Black & Bleu" - Cajun Seasoning, Caramelized Onions and Blue Cheese Butter., Maine Diver Scallops "Dynamite" - Jumbo Lump Crab, Sriracha and Soy Caramel., Costa Rican Silk Snapper - Spinach, Bacon, Indiana Heirloom Tomato and Citrus Vinaigrette., Copper River Sockeye Salmon - Broccoli Floret Risotto, Red Wine Olive Tapenade., Seared Maine Diver Scallops - Baby Bok Choy, Shiitake Mushrooms and Coconut Tom Yum., Hawaiian Ahi Tuna Sashimi, Seared Maine Diver Scallops - Braised Baby Octopus, Red Wine Risotto, Marinated Cherry Tomatoes and Basil., Oysters Rockefeller, Maryland Style Jumbo Lump Crab Cake - Indy's Finest!!!, Amuse Bouche - Bacon Grilled Oyster., Maine Diver Scallops - White Wine, Capers, Parmesan and Pine Nuts., Sunday Funday - Unlimited $1 Chefs Choice Oysters available in the Bar Area all night long!!!, Motorcycles on Meridian - RedBull MotoGP 2014, Copper River Sockeye Salmon - Braised Baby Octopus, Cherry Tomatoes, Red Wine Risotto and Spicy Red Pepper Puree., Copper River Sockeye Salmon - Poblano Peppers, Cherry Tomatoes, Lime Avocado Creme and Queso., Taiwanese Bigeye Tuna + Japanese Steel = The Finest Sashimi in Indy!!, Bahamian Queen Snapper - Baby Bok Choy, Shiitake Mushrooms and Miso Dashi Broth., Baby Octopus - Braised in Red Wine, Garlic and Thyme - Ultrafresh and on the menu tonight!!, Cheesy Bacon Au Gratin Potatoes, Whole Mediterranean Dorade, It's National Oyster Day - Unlimited $1 Chef's Choice Oysters available all night long!!!, null, Hawaiian "Ahi" Tuna Sashimi, Cold Water Oysters with Watermelon Mignonette., Rhode Island Monkfish - Mussels, Blackened Shrimp and Saffron Risotto., Here is the Panamanian Parrot Fish - served with Zucchini Noodles, Shiitake Mushrooms, Sesame and Yuzu Soy., Seared Maine Diver Scallops - Indiana Watermelon, Basil, Balsamic, Pine Nuts and Feta., Panamanian Parrot Fish - Ultrafresh and on the menu tonight!!, Amuse Bouche - Grilled Oysters, Wild Alaskan Halibut "Ritzy" - Old Bay Butter and Ritz Crackers., Rhode Island Monkfish - Roasted Corn, Zucchini and Andouille Sausage., Wild Alaskan Weathervane Scallop "Dynamite" - Jumbo Lump Crab Meat, Sriracha and Soy Caramel., Whole Grilled Boston Mackerel - Lemon Thyme Braised Local Carrots from Growing Places Indy and Olive Oil., Our cold water oyster selection for tonight:  Barron Point - WA, Caribou - PEI, East Beach Blonde - RI, Eld Inlet - WA, Fanny Bay - BC, Hurricane Harbor - PEI, Kumamoto - CA, Pickering Pass - WA and Wild Cat Cove - WA., null, Our cold water oyster selections for today: Amai - WA, Caribou - PEI, East Beach Blonde - RI, Fanny Bay - BC, Hurricane Harbor - PEI, Misty Point - VA and Rappahannock - VA.  All are available fresh shucked to order on the half shell - for reservations or more information please call 317.955.2277., Join us for the Best Cold Water Oyster Selection in Indy!!!, Let's make it a Dynamite Week!!, Wild Alaskan King Crab - It's Whats for Dinner!, Whats for Dinner?, Parmesan Truffle Matchstick Fries, Come enjoy a bottle of this fantastic Napa Valley Chardonnay - available for a limited time at this great price!!, Wild Alaskan King Crab - the Amuse Bouche for our Alaskan Seafood Prefix Menu - available tomorrow night through Sunday.  Enjoy 5 Courses of Wild Alaskan Seafood paired with wine - $85 per person++ - for reservations or more information please call 317.955.2277., Seared Maine Scallops - Parmesan Risotto Cake, Wild Mushrooms and Blackberry Buerre Rouge., Wild Alaskan Weathervane Scallops - Available on our 5 Course Alaskan Seafood Pre-Fix Menu with Wine Pairings July 25th - 27th - $85 per person++ - for reservations or more information please call 317.955.2277., Wild Alaskan Copper River Sockeye Salmon - Drunken Blackberries and Chipotle Gastrique., Join us this weekend for a very special pre-fix menu, featuring the finest Alaskan Seafood paired with carefully selected Boutique Wines.  The full menu with wine pairings can be found at http://www.theoceanaire.com/pdf/menus/indianapolis/Indy_SpecialEvent_Menu.pdf.  For reservations or more information please call 317.955.2277, or follow our reservation weblink at theoceanaire.com., Atlantic Halibut - Wild Thyme Nage and Summer Vegetables., Sunday Funday - Unlimited $1 Chefs Choice Oysters available in the Bar area all night long!!!!, Chinese 5 Spice Dusted Wild Alaskan Sockeye Salmon with Local Fermenti Artisan Kimchi and Caramel Soy., 2LB North Atlantic Lobster, Seared Maine Diver Scallops - Housemade Sage Pappardelle, Mussels, Oven Dried Tomatoes, Brown Butter and Sherry., Wild Alaskan Copper River Sockeye Salmon - Corn & Bacon Fritters, Roasted Fingerling Potatoes and Sauce Grbiche., There is still time to book your table for our Lobster Feast tomorrow night - Come Enjoy a 2lb Lobster for only $35.95 - for reservations please call 317.955.2277!!, Handmade Sage Pappardelle - Ultrafresh and on the menu tonight!!, Sashimi Duo - Hawaiian Ahi Tuna and Panamanian Cobia, Seared Maine Diver Scallops - Arugula, Micro Sweet Basil, Oven Dried Tomato, Parmesan and Citrus Vinaigrette., It's not too late to book a table for our $35.95 2lb Lobster Special this coming Friday night - for reservations please call 317.955.2277., Swordfish "Black & Bleu" - Carmelized Onions, Cajun Seasoning and Blue Cheese Butter., In addition to our Famous Clam Chowder, our Chefs create a special soup for you daily - like this Roasted Mushroom and Basil soup - looks great!!!, Nice to Meat you, The countdown has begun - 2 lb Lobsters for only $35.95 next Friday night, July 18th!!!, What for dinner?, Panamanian Cobia - Stewed Tomatoes, Mussels, Cajun Spiced Cheddar Grits., Alaska #seafood AND #wine from July 25-27? Count us in.

Call 317.955.2277 to make your reservations today!, Wild Alaskan Copper River Sockeye Salmon - Lemon Truffle Asparagus Salad with Pine Nuts and Crispy Fingerling Potatoes., Come watch the 2014 World Cup Semi-Finals Game between Germany and Brazil on our three large flat screen TVs!!!, null, It's the third night of our Independence Weekend Oyster Special - Unlimited $1 Chefs Choice Oysters available in the Bar Area all night long!!!, Wild Alaskan Copper River Salmon - Available for a Limited Time Only!!!, Grilled Oyster, Seared Maine Scallops - Roasted Garlic, Blistered Tomatoes, Wilted Spinach, Caramelized Sage Honey Dressing., Steamed North Atlantic Lobster, Corn on the Cob, Fingering Potatoes and Old Bay Butter., Take a break from eating hotdogs this weekend, and enjoy the Best Oyster Special in town!!  Unlimited $1 Chef's Choice Oysters are available all Weekend in the Bar Area - for reservations or more information please call 317.955.2277., Local Squash Blossoms from Growing Places Indy - picked Ultrafresh today, on the menu tonight!!!, Steak and Shrimp, Grilled Copper River Sockeye Salmon - Parmesan Risotto, Mulberry Jus and Local Fermenti Artisan Pickled Beets., Ultrafresh Local Produce - Swiss Chard from Growing Places Indy, We have 11 varieties of Ultrafresh Cold Water Oysters available for you tonight!!, Indy's Best Cold Water Oyster Selection - The Perfect Pairing for this afternoon's World Cup Game at 4pm - USA v Belgium!!!, Japanese Steel + Hawaiian Ahi Tuna = Sashimi, Seared Maine Scallops - Blue Crab Rangoon, Ginger Rooster Sauce and Micro Daikon Radish Salad., Maryland Striped Bass - Coconut Sambal with Napa Cabbage, Enoki Mushrooms and Mint Oil., Sunday Funday - Unlimited $1 Chefs Choice Oysters in the Bar Area all night long!!!, Hawaiian Ahi Tuna Sashimi - Soy Caramel, Sesame and local Daikon Radish Sprouts from Lush Leaf Farms., Local Mustard Sprouts from Lush Leaf Farms - Ultrafresh and on the menu tonight!!!, null, Indy's Best Selection of Cold Water Oysters!!!, Seared Maine Scallops - Herbed Cream Cheese, House Cured Salmon and local Dill Flowers from Growing Places Indy., Chef Neil has brought in some gorgeous local Dill Flowers from Growing Places Indy - ultrafresh and on the menu tonight!!!, Oysters Imperial, Maine Diver Scallops Picatta, Wild Alaskan Copper River Sockeye Salmon - Plum Strawberry Compote, Balsamic and Local Sunflower Sprouts from Growing Places Indy., Wild Alaskan Halibut T-Bone "Black & Bleu" - with Caramelized Onions, Cajun Seasoning and Blue Cheese Butter., Let's make it a Dynamite week!!, Seared Maine Scallops - Spanish Chorizo, Mussels, Fingerling Potatoes, Tomato and Fresh Local Oregano from Growing Places Indy., Wild Alaskan Sockeye Salmon Sashimi, Join us tonight for Indy's Best Cold Water Oyster Selection!!!, Sometimes the simple things are the best - Hawaiian Ahi Tuna Sashimi., Wild Alaskan Halibut T-Bone "Black & Bleu" - Caramelized Onions, Cajun Seasoning & Blue Cheese Butter., Chef Neil is saving the Best, Center Cut Pieces of Hawaiian Ahi Tuna for our Sashimi - it is fantastic!!!, For a limited time only - Wild Alaskan Sockeye Salmon - Bacon Braised Kale, White Beans and Spicy Tomato Ragout., Our cold water oyster selections for lunch today:  Eagle Rock - WA, Holy Grail - VA, Hoopers Island - MD, Old 1871 - VA, Rappahannock - VA & Stingray Bay - VA.  All are available fresh shucked to order on the half shell - for reservations or more information please call 317.955.2277., null, Indy's Best Selection of Cold Water Oysters!!!, Happy Fathers Day, Zoobilation 2014 - Naked Cowboy Oysters, Jumbo Lump Crab Meat, Heirloom Cherry Tomato, Saffron Broth and Basil Oil., Come watch some World Cup 2014 action on our 3 Flat Screen TVs in the Bar Area tonight!!!

http://www.fifa.com/worldcup/matches/round=255931/match=300186456/index.html, Grilled Hawaiian Striped Marlin - Spanish Chorizo, Roasted Corn, Queso, Cilantro & Red Pepper Beurre Blanc., Center Cut Hawaiian "Ahi" Tuna Sashimi Appetizer., Sashimi "Ahi" Tuna, Indy's Best Cold Water Oyster Selection!!, Sunday Funday - Unlimited $1 Chef's Choice Oysters in the Bar area all night long!!, null, null, Oysters Imperial, Seared Maine Scallops - Razor Clams, Garlic, Ginger, Chilies and Soy., Hawaiian Wahoo Ono, null, Sous Chef Andy Horstmann holding a 70lb Hawaiian Wahoo Ono - flown in fresh today, on the menu tonight!!!, Hawaiian Ahi Tuna Sashimi, New York Strip "Dynamite" - Soy Caramel, Sriracha and Jumbo Lump Crab., Nice to Meat you - our 16oz Bone In Ribeye., Ecuadorian Mahi Mahi "Au Poivre" - Local seared Baby Kale from Growing Places Indy, Green Peppercorns and Brandy., And here is the handmade Pappardelle - with Scallops, Indiana Asparagus, Lemon, Truffle and Mushrooms., Handmade Pappardelle Pasta - Fresh Today, on the menu Tonight!!!, Pan Seared Scallops - House Made Black Pepper Pappardelle, Roasted Tomatoes, Crimini Mushrooms and Truffle Cream., Our cold water oyster selections for tonight: Alpine Bay - PEI, Barron Point - WA, Calm Cove - WA, Denman Island - WA, East Beach Blonde - RI, Hurricane Harbor - PEI, Malpeque - PEI and Otter Cove - WA.  All are available fresh shucked to order on the half shell - for reservations or more information please call 317.955.2277., Roasted Faroe Island Salmon - Roasted Beet Puree, Wilted Spinach, English Peas and Horseradish Brown Butter., Seared Maine Scallops - Grilled Octopus, Cherry Tomatoes, Basil, Roasted Garlic, Foccacia & Balsamic., Indianapolis Monthly Top 25 Restaurants


http://www.indianapolismonthly.com/best-restaurants/2014/05/27/the-oceanaire-seafood-room, Grilled Panamanian Cobia - House Made Black Pepper Pappardelle with Roasted Maitake Mushrooms and Truffle Marsala Cream., Roasted Faroe Island Salmon - English Pea and Parmesan Risotto with local Micro Cilantro from Growing Places Indy., Alaskan Halibut T-Bone, Panamanian Cobia Sashimi, Today is National Chardonnay Day! Enjoy a glass of Cakebread Chardonnay for $10 in the bar only from 5 pm - close. 

While supplies last, must be 21 or older. Not valid with any other offer, promotion or discount., Pan Seared Maine Scallops "Dynamite" - Soy Caramel, Sriracha and Jumbo Lump Crab., Join us today for the Best Cold Water Oyster Selection in Indy!!!, Wild Alaskan Halibut T-Bone "Dynamite" - Jumbo Lump Crab and Sriracha., This Friday is National Chardonnay Day, and we can't think of anything better than a $10 glass of Cakebread Cellars Chardonnay!

Join us in the BAR ONLY from 5 p.m. - close. While supplies last. Must be 21 years of age or older. Not valid with any other offer, promotion or discount., $1 Chefs Choice Oysters at the Bar all night long on Sundays!!, Wild Alaskan Halibut TBone "Black & Bleu.", Skuna Bay Salmon - Chinese 5 Spice Shortribs and Cucumber Chow Chow., Join us for Indy's Best Cold Water Oyster Selection!!!, Our Sous Chef Andy Horstmann in action on Fox59 this weekend!!!
 
http://fox59.com/2014/05/10/celebrating-national-shrimp-day-with-oceanaire/#axzz31QLxYmaR
 
Nice job Andrew! Thank you., Alaskan Halibut Cheeks - House Made Berkshire Pork Sausage, Dijon Mustard and Tobacco Onions., Seared Hawaiian Opah - Korean Chili Dusted with Daikon Radish Kim Chee., Don't forget: tomorrow is National Shrimp Day! We will offer Shrimp & Grits for $7 all day. Just ask your server!, There is still time to make your Mother's Day reservations! Call (317) 955-2277 today., This Saturday is National Shrimp Day, and we have the perfect way to celebrate! Enjoy our Shrimp & Grits for $7 all day., Sunday Funday!!! Unlimited $1 Chefs Choice Oysters available from 5pm to 10pm in the Bar Area!!, Grilled Scottish Salmon - Saffron Risotto and Grilled Ramps., Seared Maine Scallops - Roasted Lamb Loin, Mushroom Jus and Crispy Leeks., Come see Executive Chef Mark Marlar at the Orchard in Bloom Preview Party, as he serves one of the finest cold water oysters available, the Naked Cowboy from Blue Island Oyster Company., Vegan Amuse Bouche, Make your Mother's Day reservation today... we know she will love you for it! 

Call (317) 955-2277 for reservations., Sunday Funday - $1 Chefs Choice Oysters at the Bar all night long!!!, Seared Maine Scallops - Dungeness Crab, Field Greens, Crispy Shallots and Sherry., 16oz Halibut TBone "Black & Bleu.", http://www.indianapolismonthly.com/best-rest/, Seared Scallops - House Made Fettucine,  Roasted Tomato and Lemon Ricotta., Rustic Field Green Salad - Pan Forte Crostini, Green Hill Soft Ripened Cheese, Blue Berries and Black Truffle Vinaigrette., Indy's Best Cold Water Oyster Selection!!!, Happy Easter - come celebrate with a 16oz Halibut TBone!!, Florida Red Grouper - Asparagus, Carrots, Spinach, Leeks, Toasted Horseradish and Thyme Nage., Panamanian Cobia - English Peas, Roasted Mushrooms and Bacon., Heirloom Baby Carrots, The Clara Barton - New Amsterdam Gin, Ruby Port, Wilks & Wison Gomme, Lemon and Egg White - a special cocktail created by Zach Wilks of Wilks & Wilson for our Perfect Pairings Dinner benefiting The American Red Cross., http://www.indystar.com/picture-gallery/life/2014/04/17/local-chefs-team-up-to-benefit-american-red-cross/7851465/, Thanks to all of the Chefs, Staff and Guests who made our Perfect Pairing Dinner benefiting The American Red Cross so special!!, Dark Chocolate Truffle Pie - Mocha Cream and Raspberry Coulis - the dessert course of our Perfect Pairing Dinner by Meghan Hutchinson of Fluff Bakery., Roasted Milk Finished Pork Loin - Grilled Ramps, Fried Potatoes, Motels and Tart Cherry Broth with Forrest Floor Salad - the fourth course of our Perfect Pairing Dinner by Chef Craig Baker of The Local., Porceta d Testa - Braised Galla Apple and Celery, Sweet and Sour Cabbage, Chipotle Almonds and Truffle Honey.  The third course of our Perfect Pairing Dinner by Chefs Layton Roberts from Mesh., Corvina - Bacon, Clams, Grilled Ramps and Saffron Citrus Vinaigrette.  The second course from our Perfect Pairing Dinner by Chef Abbi Merris from Bluebeard., Panamanian Cobia Crudo - Fermented Black Bean-Ginger Sauce with Sambal, Yuri and Sunflower Sprout Salad., Chicken Liver Pate - with a trio of Fermenti Artisan Pickled Vegetables - Amuse Bouche for the Perfect Pairing Dinner benefiting The American Red Cross., null, Seared Florida Swordfish - Sweet Peas, Roasted Mushrooms and local Sunflower Sprouts from Growing Place Indy., Filet Mignon "Black&Bleu" + Seared Scallops = Surf & Turf., $1 Chef's Choice Oysters available in the Bar all night long on Sundays!!!, Seared Scallops - Sweet Soy Glazed Pork and Sesame Broccolini., Seared Maine Scallops - House Made Elk Sausage, Hollandaise & Crispy Potato Cake., Neuskes Bacon Steak, Grilled Oysters with local Sunflower Sprouts from Growing Place Indy., null, Grilled Mediterranean Octopus - Tomatoes, Capers and Lemon., null, Come watch the NCAA National Championship Game tonight at 9pm, and enjoy Indy's Best Cold Water Oyster Selection!!!, $1 Oysters at the Bar all night on Sundays!!!, Join us April 17th for an amazing dinner, with 100% of the procedes benefiting the American Red Cross.  For reservations or more information please call 317.955.2277., Olympia Oysters from Washington State - no bigger than a quarter, intensely flavored, delicious!!, We have a great selection of cold water oysters for you today: 38 North - VA, Big Cove - WA, Calm Cove - WA, Dabob Bay - WA, FLapjack - WA, Gold Creek - WA, Judd Cove - WA, Kusshi - BC, Kumamoto - CA, Olympia - WA, Otter Cove - WA, Rappahannock - VA, Shigoku - BC, Sisters Point - WA & Treasure Island - WA.  All Are available fresh shucked to order on the half shell, Hawaiian Nairagi Marlin "Oscar" - Jumbo Lump Crab Meat, Bearnaise and Asparagus., Join us for a special 5-Course Charity Dinner and Wine Pairing on April 17th, with 100% of the procedes benefiting the American Red Cross.  For reservations or more information please call 317.955.2277., Slow Roasted Nordic Trout - House Made Old Bay Chips and Black Pepper Aioli., Maine Diver Scallops "Dynamite" - Jumbo Lump Crab Meat, Soy Caramel, Sriracha., Something fun that happened last week at Oceanaire's Miami location - NFL Network filmed a segment there! It will be up on NFL.com this week and air on NFL Network soon.

(Cleveland Browns Receiver Josh Gordon and former Miami Dolphin Akbar Gbaja-Biamila hanging out on the patio!), null, We are opening at 1pm today - enjoy Unlimited Chefs Choice $1 Oysters in the Bar all day!!!  Come watch all of your NCAA tournament action on our 3 Flat Screen TV's!!, Grilled Scottish Salmon - Fresh Mozzarella, Arugula, Grape Tomato and Olive Oil., We will be opening at Noon tomorrow, so you can get your fill of Indy's Best Seafood before the 5pm game between Michigan and Kentucky.  Don't forget - Unlimited $1 Chef's Choice Oysters are available in the Bar area Sundays!!, NCAA Midwest Regional tonight!!!, Cured Nordic Trout - Pickled Green Onions and Soft Poached Egg., We have fourteen varieties of cold water oysters to choose from today - here we have Dabob Bays from Washington State on top and 38 Norths from Maryland pictured on the bottom., Seared Wild Alaskan Halibut - House Made Pasta, Roasted Tomatoes and Herb Goat Cheese., Come watch the Pacers Beat the Heat tonight on our 3 Flat Screen TVs in the Bar!!!, Nantucket Bay Scallops - White Wine, Clams, Mussels and Chilies., Ultrafresh tonight - for a limited time only - Nantucket Bay Scallops!!!, Our cold water oyster selections for tonight: Calm Cove - WA, Judd Cove - WA, La Saint Simon - NB, Otter Cove - WA, Shigoku - BC, Sisters Point - WA & Stingray - VA. All are available fresh shucked to order on the half shell - for reservations or more information please call 317.955.2277., Alaska's Finest - Wild Alaskan King Crab., Wild Alaskan Halibut T-Bone "Dynamite" - with Jumbo Lump Crab, Sriracha and Soy Caramel., Unlimited $1 Chefs Choice Oysters available at the Bar from 5-10pm on Sundays!!!, Seared Maine Scallops - Soy Braised Pork Shoulder and Korean Style BBQ Sauce., Grilled Scottish Salmon - Red Wine Risotto with Roasted Garlic and Mushrooms., Hawaiian Ahi Tuna and Panamanian Cobia Sashimi., Wild Alaskan Halibut "Dynamite" - Jumbo Lump Crab Meat, Soy Caramel, Sriracha and local Sunflower Sprouts from Growing Place Indy., Wild Alaskan Halibut "TBone" Black & Bleu - Cajun Seasoning, Blue Cheese Butter and Caramelized Onions., Miso Broiled Alaskan Black Cod - Baby Bok Choy, Shiitake Mushrooms & Dashi., An Oceanaire Classic - Escargot Bourguignonne with Burgundy Butter and Puff Pastry., Grilled Scottish Salmon - Asparagus Risotto, Smoked Olive Oil, Wilted Pea Shoots and Meyer Lemon., Seared Maine Scallops - Parmesan Polenta, Mussels, Clams and Roasted Tomatoes., First of the Season Wild Alaskan Halibut - "Black & Bleu" with Cajun Seasoning, Caramleized Onions and Blue Cheese Butter., Indy's Best Cold Water Oyster Selection!!, null, Unlimited $1 Chefs Choice Oysters available all night long on Sundays in the Bar Area, Indy's Best Jumbo Lump Crab Cake!!!!, Hawaiian "Ahi" Tuna, Indy's Best Cold Water Oyster Selection + Big 10 Basketball + 3 Flat Screen TV's in our Bar = The Perfect Pairing!!, Baked New Zealand Greenhill Mussels - Roasted Tomato Garlic Compote., Seared Scallops "Dynamite" - Jumbo Lump Crab Meat, Louis Dressing, Soy Caramel and Sriracha., Grilled Skuna Bay Salmon - Roasted Fingerling Potatoes and Brussel Sprouts., Amuse Bouche - Panamanian Cobia Sashimi with Soy Caramel, Sriracha and local sunflower sprouts from Growing Place Indy., Today is National Baked Scallops Day! Celebrate accordingly... with us., null, One Dozen Chefs Choice Oysters + a bottle of Oyster Bay Sauvignon Blanc - all for only $49 = The Best Oyster and Wine Deal in Indy!!, Seared Scallops - Mushroom Risotto and Meyer Lemon., Whole Fried Maryland Black Bass - Red Chili Glaze and Napa Cabbage Salad., Unlimited $1 Chefs Choice Oysters at the Bar + Wild Alaskan King Crab for only $39.95 per pound = A double dose of Sunday fun!!!, Only 2 more night to go for our Wild Alaskan King Crab Promotion.  Enjoy 1 pound of King Crab for only $39.95 - available through Sunday night!!!, Dining Instructions for the next 4 nights:
Step 1. Come to the Oceanaire anytime through March 9th.
Step 2.  Order Wild Alaskan King Crab - for only $39.95 per pound!!
Step 3. Feast on King Crab and Indy's finest array of Ultra Fresh seafood!!
Step 4. Repeat steps 1 through 3., "Black & Bleu" Pacific Swordfish - Caramelized Onions, Cajun Seasoning & Blue Cheese Butter., All Hail the King!!!, null, Here's the Deal - Wild Alaskan King Crab - only $39.95 per pound - available anytime March 6th through 9th. We'll do all the work by taking it out of the shell - all you have to do is show up and eat King Crab.  Any questions?, Bluefin Tuna Sashimi - for reservations please call 317.955.2277, or follow our online reservation link at theoceanaire.com., Seared Maine Diver Scallops - Smokey Bacon, Mushrooms and Golden Raisins., Celebrate National Crabmeat Day with us Thursday - Sunday (3/6-9) with $39.95/lb. Alaska King Crab!, A dozen fresh shucked cold water oysters + a bottle of Oyster Bay Sauvignon Blanc - all for only $49 = The Best Oyster & Wine deal in Indy!!!, Unlimited $1 Chefs Choice Oysters - available all night in the Bar on Sundays!!, Join us for a bottle of Oyster Bay Sauvignon Blanc + a dozen Chef's Choice Oysters for only $49 - available anytime!!!, What's for dinner? Hawaiian Ahi Tuna with Wasabi Emulsion, Wakame and Soy Caramel., Most people don't like Sundays, but WE DO! Know why? $1 Oysters in the Bar All Day Long!, Seared Maine Scallops - Grilled Mediterranean Sardine with Crispy Potatoes, local Micro Fennel from Growing Places Indy and an Olive Oil Fried Egg., Whole Fried Yelloweye Snapper - Lemon & Sesame-Soy Vinaigrette with local Sunflower Sprouts from Growing Places Indy., Seared Maine Diver Scallops - Thyme Roasted Mushrooms, Crispy Leeks, White Bean Puree and Sherry., Our coldwater oyster selection for this evening: Old 1871 - VA, Barron Point - WA, Broadwater - VA, Calm Cove - WA, Flapjack - WA, Judd Inlet - WA, Kumamoto - CA, Little Bitches - VA, Misty Point - VA, Naked Cowboy - NY, Rappahannock - VA, Sisters Point - WA & Treasure Island - WA.  All are available fresh shucked to order on the half shell - for reservations please call 317.955.2277, or follow our online reservation web link at theoceanaire.com., null, Line Caught Bluefin Tuna - available for a limited time only!!!, It's National Clam Chowder Day! The perfect way to celebrate: $2 cup of our Clam Chowder with purchase of an entree., Seared Maine Scallops - Grilled Duck Breast, White Bean Puree and Smoked Olive Oil., Grilled Scottish Salmon - Napa Cabbage, Local Sunflower Sprouts, Dashi and White Soy., Unlimited $1 Chefs Choice Oysters available in the Bar area all night every Sunday!!!!, Quality matters, down to the smallest detail - local microgreens from Growing Places Indy., Lobster Mac and Cheese - Maine Lobster, Cavatappi Pasta, Brie & Toasted Parmesean., Cobia Sashimi - with Jicama, Plantain and Pineapple Rhum Butter., We've already made your Tuesday plans. Enjoy a $2 cup of Clam Chowder with your purchase of an entree!, Scallops really stole the show tonight - here they are in our "Angry" preparation.  For reservations please call 955.2277, or follow our online reservation web link at theoceanaire.com., Seared Diver Scallops - Wild Boar Carnitas, Queso and Cilantro., Whole Fried Maryland Black Bass, Come watch the Pacers take on the Hawks tonight at 7pm on our 3 flat screen TVs!!!  Warm up pre-game with our Happy Hour Bar Menu and Oyster specials - available from 4-7pm!!!!, Unlimited $1 Chefs Choice Oysters in the Bar Area all night long + our 3 flat screen TV's = Monday Funday!!!!, Sunday Funday - Unlimited $1 Chefs Choice Oysters available in the Bar area all night long!!!, null, Hamachi Sashimi - Wasabi Tobiko, Sticky Rice and Soy., Salt Cod Baccala - Crushed Tomatoes, Capers and Red Pepper., Wisconsin Apple Wood Smoked Salmon - Toasted Sourdough & Herb Cream Cheese., Drumroll, please! We put all entries from each Oceanaire location and picked two winners for #LoveAire.

And they are....

Angelica Bonifaz Dorney (Boston) and Ashley Johnson (Minneapolis)!, Happy Valentine's Day! We can't wait to celebrate with you and your significant other this weekend.

Something else to look forward to: $1 Oysters ALL DAY SUNDAY and MONDAY in the Bar Area! 

#LoveAire winners will be announced this afternoon, so stay tuned., null, null, Would you LOVE to win a $100 Gift Card to Oceanaire? Post a photo of you and your significant other in the comments below, on Twitter or on Instagram! Just make sure to tag with #LoveAire.

Once you're entered, you will be put into the pool with all other Oceanaire locations - two winners will be announced on Valentine's Day!, Hawaiian Ahi Tuna Sashimi - with pickled ginger, wasabi and soy. For reservations please call 317.955.2277, or follow our online reservation web link at theoceanaire.com., The Winter Olympics only happens once ever 4 years - but Unlimited $1 Chefs Choice Oysters are available in the Bar area every Sunday night!!!, Wild Alaskan King Crab - Dinner Perfected!!, Let's Meat up later at The Oceanaire Seafood Room - Indianapolis for a 16oz New York Strip!!!, Nice to Meat you....our Center Cut 10z Filet Mignon., Grilled Whole Mediterranian Bronzini - Sunflower Sprouts, Lemon and Olive Oil., So, obviously we are booked (5-9pm at least --we have 4:30 and 9:30+ still available) on Valentine's Day night because of the delicious special menu and the Oceanaire romantic atmosphere... but keep in mind that you could always celebrate on Thursday or Saturday evening! Love has no time limit! For Valentine reservations, no matter what day, call us and we'll make sure your evening is magical!, And this is what 4-6 people will get when they order a Shellfish Platter... 8 people get two of these! All served with Champagne Mignonette, Creamy Mustard Mayonnaise, Sesame Soy and House-Made Cocktail Sauce. A little something for everyone. Come enjoy!!, You know we do the Grand Shellfish Platters for one or two people right? Towering Platter of Chilled Lobster, Crab Legs, Shrimp and Fresh Shucked Oysters... and wait until you see what 4-8 people get - next picture in 20 minutes!, Hickory Smoked Salmon 
Arugula, Dill Creme Cheese, Lemon & Capers

What a delicious appetizer to start any meal!!, Love is In The Aire! 

Would you LOVE to win a $100 Gift Card to Oceanaire? Post a photo of you and your significant other in the comments below, on Twitter or on Instagram! Just make sure to tag with #LoveAire.

Once you're entered, you will be put into the pool with all other Oceanaire locations - two winners will be announced on Valentine's Day!, New England Clam Chowder... sometimes we overlook this simple, yet deliciously satisfying staple on our menu. Isn't this a welcoming start to a snowy Indy night? Anyone stranded in downtown, come by and see us. We'll make sure to keep you warm, full of fresh food, and ensure your Tuesday night is excellent! See you soon!

More photos of our Fresh Fish Specialties to come!, Join us tonight for Indy's Best Cold Water Oyster Selection!!!, The Super Bowl + 3 Flat Screen TV's + Unlimited $1 Chefs Choice Oysters in the Bar = the Perfect Sunday Night - see you soon!!!!, Last day for HALF OFF the Baked Alaska dessert with purchase of an entree!

You don't want to miss out. https://vine.co/v/hUtnP3Xex9O, Whole Fried Mediterranean Dorade - Napa Cabbage Salad and Sweet Chili., We just found your plans for the weekend. #BakedAlaska #Dessert #Deals, Join us tonight for Indy's Best Cold Water Oyster Selection!!!, Seared Maine Scallops - with Soy Braised Minced Pork, Napa Cabbage and Spicy Mustard Slaw., Seared Diver Scallops - "Dynamite" with Jumbo Lump Crab, Soy Caramel, Wasabi Tobiko and Sunflower Sprouts., Grilled Kauai Prawns - Ginger Honey Glaze and Cilantro Radish Salad., Escargot Bourguignonne - with Burgundy Butter and Puff Pastry - perfect for a cold night in Indy!!!, Devour Downtown - for reservations please call 317.955.2277, or follow our online reservation web link at theoceanaire.com., What could make Devour Downtown even better? How about  Unlimited $1 Chefs Choice oysters - available in the Bar area on Sundays all night long!!!, Hawaiian Ahi Tuna Sashimi, Devour Dowtown - for reservations please call 317.955.2277 - or follow our reservation web link at theoceanaire.com., Panamanian Cobia Sashimi - Soy Caramel, Sriracha, Wasabi Tobiko., Pan Seared Maine Sea Scallops - Spanish Chorizo, Mussels and Saffron., null, Devour Downtown 2014 - for reservations please call 955.2277, or follow our reservation weblink at theoceanaire.com., Ecuadorian Mahi Mahi "Black & Bleu" - with Cajun Seasoning, Blue Cheese Butter and Caramelized Onions.  One of our 3 Devour Downtown Entree choices - for reservations please call 317.955.2277, or follow our online reservation link at theoceanaire.com., One of three Devour Downtown appetizer choices - our West Coast Oyster Trio., Did you know that we are on Instagram? You don't want to miss out on the delicious. www.instagram.com/theoceanaire, Sometimes the simple things are the best - our Fried Fisherman's Platter - Calamari, Shrimp, Oysters, Oregon Cod & Matchstick Fries with House Tartar and Cocktail Sauce., Fluke Sashimi - with Sea Salt, Soy Caramel and a simple Sunflower Sprout Salad dressed with Lemon., Florida Grouper - served Picatta style with Sunflower Sprouts., Fresh tonight - a 72lb Warsaw Grouper!!!, Seared Maine Divers Scallops - with Wild Boar Carnitas & Roasted Red Pepper Salsa., null, Time for The Oceanaire Steak and Cake promotion!!! 3 Courses for only $59.95.... 

First Course- New England Clam Chowder or House Salad.
Second Course- Filet Mignon and Chesapeake Bay Style Lump Crab Cake.
Third Course- Cheesecake or Ice Cream Sundae.

What a deal! See you all soon!!!!, Come watch all of today's great NFL action on our 3 Large Flat Screens in the Bar Area!!!, null, WE ARE OPEN TODAY... come in and enjoy a hot cup of Clam Chowder, delicious Crab Cakes, Shrimp Cocktail, Filet, Salmon... we have it all!! We are open for dinner from 5-10pm... and we look forward to seeing anyone who wants to come visit!, Oceanaire Indy hopes everyone a safe and warm Sunday!!, null, Our Classic Maryland Style Jumbo Lump Crab Cake - Perfect for a snowy day in Indy!!!, Happy New Year!!! We enjoyed everyone's company in 2013... guests, staff, and vendors... Thank you everyone for helping Oceanaire Indy continue its tenth year of success. You ALL make Oceanaire so special. See you all in 2014!!!, Hamachi Sashimi - Grapefruit, Cilantro and Soy., Wisconsin Applewood Smoked Salmon - Whipped Capriole Farms Goat Cheese, Capers, Red Onion & Cranberry Cracker., Whole Fried Yellow Tail Snapper - Red Chili Glazed with Fermenti Artisan Daikon Radish Kimchee., Antonio hand making Squid Ink Pasta for this evening - available on tonight's New Year's Eve menu with Grilled Canadian Lobster Tail, House Ricotta and Oven Dried Tomatoes., Check out our Whole Fried Yellowtail Snapper - on our New Years Eve Pre-Fix Menu tonight!!!, It's almost New Year's Eve!!!!! Forget mistakes of last year...  Tomorrow night, forget your worries and stresses... and revel in all the wonderful enjoyments! Oceanaire Indy wants to help you start the night off right- with an absolutely tasty menu, specially created for NYE!!!

We still have a few tables left, and we'd love to see all our Facebook friends here tomorrow night! You know our number, call us now :), null, Unlimited $1 Chef's Selection Cold Water Oysters - available December 28th - 30th in the Bar Area - the perfect pairing for Pacers pre-game libation, or while watching the game at our awesome Bar!!!, Join us for Unlimited $1 Chef's Choice Oysters - available in the Bar Area through December 30th!!!, Champagne + Baked Alaska = Perfect Touches to your New Year's Eve!

Call to make your reservations today: (317) 955-2277., Unlimited $1 Chef's Choice Fresh Shucked Oysters - Available in the Bar Area, December 26th through 30th.  Today we are featuring James River Oysters from Virginia!!!, Happy Holidays, null, What's the perfect side dish for a cold day in Indy?  How about Poutine - Hand Cut Fries, Fried Cheese Curds & Mushroom Gravy - topped with a Fried Egg!!, Grilled Norwegian Salmon - Oven Dried Tomato & Roasted Garlic Jelly., Grilled Hawaiian Marlin - Toasted Macadamia, Mandarin Oranges, Cilantro, Torn Basil & Serrano Chiles., null, Join us this weekend for Indy's Best Cold Water Oyster Selection!!!, Sip, Sip, Holidays. The perfect way to cheers before the new year!, What's for lunch today?, null, And then there were 13. We are so excited that the new Hackensack, NJ Oceanaire location will open on Monday! 

LIKE their page here: http://bit.ly/OAHackensack, Fried Red Chili Calamari, Come see Executive Sous Chef Neil Andrews tonight as he serves up some of the Best Cold Water Oysters in Indy!!!


http://www.indianapolismonthly.com/bestofindy2013party.aspx, Berkshire Pork Shanks - on the menu tonight with Pan Seared Maine Diver Scallops, Carrot Puree and Pan Jus., null, null, $1 Oysters anyone? Come see us tonight... These little guys are waiting to be shucked fresh for you!!!!, Join us tonight for the Best Cold Water Oyster Selection in Indy!!!, Monument Circle Holiday Lights 2013, Unlimited $1 Chef's Choice Fresh Shucked Cold Water Oysters - available tonight in the Bar Area from 5-11pm!!!, null, http://fox59.com/2013/11/25/lobster-bisque-recipe-from-oceanaire-2/#axzz2lfznEdfB, null, null, Get ready for Sunday Funday at Oceanaire Indy!!!!!!! Not only will we have our $1 Oyster special, but we have a fantastic Stags Leap Winery promotion! Come spend your Sunday with us! We can't wait to see you!!, Apple? Cinnamon?? Homemade Whipped Cream??? Our new holiday cocktail.... Delicious and at The Oceanaire only!!! Come enjoy!!, A deal you don't have to carry on Black Friday. #Oysters, null, Indy's Best Cold Water Oyster Selection, null, An Oceanaire Classic - Oysters Rockefeller., null, null, When the weather outside is frightful (cold).... come to The Oceanaire for some hot, tasty food... Crab Legs, Crab Cakes, Black and Bleu Grilled Fish, Clam Chowder, and/or a perfectly cooked Filet Mignon. Come join us!, Never too early to start thinking about New Year's Eve reservations!, Our annual Gift Card promotion starts today!

For every $100 gift card purchase, receive your OWN $20 gift card! Promotion starts today and lasts through December 24th. Come get your friends and family a great Christmas present!, Go Colts! We open at 4:00pm on Sunday, an hour early, to cheer on the Colts!!! Come join us at The Oceanaire for dinner, drinks, and/or $1 Oysters!, null, What's for lunch??, null, Mmmmm, Oysters.... 
$1 chef selection Oysters at the bar from 5-10pm Sunday... You know that's 50-75% off our normal price for our shucked to order, fresh flown in daily Oysters right?!?! Come take advantage. Your belly deserves it., One of our most popular dishes-- Chesapeake Bay Style Lump Crab Cakes with Creamy Mustard Mayonnaise. Mostly crab meat and all delicious!, null, null, Seared Maine Sea Scallops - Bibb Lettuce, Shaved Apples, Fennel Bacon & Warm Cider Vinaigrette., Join us today for the Best Cold Water Oyster Selection in Indy!!!, Completely honest... This was the picture taken at beginning of lunch. No guesses were correct, but we'll still remember all of you who responded! And those guesses will be remembered too... our Chefs are taking those guesses seriously. We always want to know what you all think is delicious:), We're about to post a picture of something super delicous... any guesses on what it'll be? We'll remember you always if you guess right :), Who has taken advantage of the King Crab Promotion? Don't miss out! Come tonight or tomorrow night, and enjoy pounds and pounds of Alaskan King Crab for $20 off per pound!!! We'll see you soon!, This deliciousness should be eaten... and we're making it easier for you!!! KING CRAB PROMOTION!!! Today (10/24) through Sunday (10/27), enjoy the Alaskan King Crab that we always serve at only $39.95/lb... normally it's around $59/lb-- This is a great deal! Call us at 955-2277 for a reservation or just stop by and see us. Super tender, super tasty., So what are you going to be for Halloween? One week away... any great costumes out there?, Chef Mark says its time to make it rain Wild Alaskan King Crab - only $39.95 per pound - available October 24th through October 27th - Who's In???, Come Dine with the King - Wild Alaskan King Crab - Only $39.95 per pound - October 24th through 27th!!!, Hot off the Presses... Chef Mark just ok'd $1 Oysters in the WHOLE RESTAURANT today from 12 noon until 10:00pm! Get here quick... this doesn't happen often! See you all soon!!!!, Indianapolis loves The Oceanaire!!! We appreciate the patronage over the last two nights, and we look forward to seeing you tomorrow. Don't forget... We are open all day 12:00 noon to 10:00pm.... and since we love you all so much, we are providing our $1 Oyster special ALL DAY at the bar! It's been a long time since we've been open during the day on a Sunday, so come visit us! If you come after 3pm, make a reservation!! The Oceanaire is popular tomorrow night!!, Florida Hog Snapper - Plum Compote, Thai Basil & Pecan Pesto., October 24th through October 27th - Wild Alaskan King Crab - Only $39.95 per pound!?!?!?!?!  Come get Some!!!!!, An Oceanaire Classic - Escargots Bourguignonne., Come celebrate National Boss's Day with the Best Oyster & Wine Deal in Indy!!! Enjoy "Merroir et Terroir" -  6 premium cold water oysters and 3 boutique wines, all for only $21.95!!!, The finale of our Merroir et Terroir Wine Dinner - Chocolate Turtle Torte., The fourth course of our Merroir et Terroir Wine Dinner - "Surf & Turf" of Prosciutto Wrapped Monkfish with Roasted Beef Tenderloin, Porcini Mushroom Orzo and Red Wine Reduction - paired with Sanford "Flor de Campo" Pinot Noir, Santa Barbara 2010., The third course of our Merroir et Terroir Wine Dinner - Grilled Panamanian Cobia, Mixed Bean Ragout, Mushroom Ricotta Ravioli & Chive Nage - paired with Wairau River Sauvignon Blanc., The second course of our Merroir et Terroir Wine Dinner - Duck Confit Salad with Lush Leaf Farms Greens, Macadamia, Thai Basil & Plum Vinaigrette - paired with Sokol Blosser Willamette Valley Pinot Gris., The first course of our Merroir et Terroir Wine Dinner - A selection of East & West Coast Oysters from Blue Island Oyster Company - with Finger Lime Caviar and Champagne Mignonette.  Paired with Chateau de Sancerre, Sancerre 2011 & Chapoutier "Bellaruche" Rose, Cotes du Rhone 2012., Amuse Bouche for our Merroir et Terroir Wine Dinner this evening - Fried Blue Island Oyster, King's Hawaiian Bread, Fermenti Artisan Kimchi and Soy Caramel., null, Let's start with a Spicy Tuna Poke with Crispy Wantons and Wasabi Emulsion... And then a fresh Caprese Salad with Indiana Tomatoes and Marinated Mozzarella... And then perhaps Twin Lobster Tails (only $36.95!!!!) or Grilled Panamanian Cobia with Seared Brussel Sprouts, Smokey Bacon, and Curried Butternut Squash Purée. And then finish the dinner with Key Lime Pie or Valrhona Chocolate Mousse!!!!

Come by if that made you hungry! Or stop in for some $1 Oysters... We're here until 10pm :), null, Fresh Wild Foraged Oregon Chanterelle Mushrooms - on the menu tonight!!!, Sanford "Flor de Campo" Pinot Noir - paired with "Surf & Turf" of Monkfish Prosciutto Roulade, Roasted Strip Steak and Red Wine Orzo.  The 5th course of our Merroir et Terroir wine dinner October 15th - $65 per person++ - reservations are required - please call 317.955.2277., Wairau River New Zealand Sauvignon Blanc - paired with Seared Panamanian Cobia, Mushroom Ricotta Ravioli and Chive Nage.  The 4th course of our upcoming Merroir et Terroir Dinner October 15th - $65 per person++ - reservations are required - please call 317.955.2277., null, Don't delay, make your reservations today for the Merroir et Terroir Wine Dinner on 10/15! 

Reservations are required - please call 317.955.2277., Duck Confit Salad - Lush Leaf Farm Greens, Radicchio, Curly Endive, Macadamia Nuts, Thai Basil & Marinated Plum Vinaigrette - paired with Sokol Blosser Willamette Pinot Gris.  
The third course of our Merroir et Terroir Wine Dinner on October 15th - $65++ per person - reservations are required - please call 317.955.2277., null, null, null, Delicious!!!! Lush Leaf Farms Field Greens Salad, with Pears, Pecans, Boursin Cheese, and Balsamic Dressing. PERFECTION., Book your reservations for the Merroir et Terroir Wine Dinner on October 15th!! 6-Course amazing menu with wine pairings, featuring Blue Island Oysters during the first two courses. $95 per guest and well worth it! Perfect for a date, a special occasion, or just for a casual Tuesday night out! Don't miss this one... it's extra special :), Alaska's Best & a true Oceanaire Classic - Pan Seared Wild Alaskan Halibut served with Beet Puree, Seared Spinach & Horseradish Brown Butter., Panamanian Cobia Sashimi, The first course for our "Merroir et Terroir" Oyster Lovers Wine Dinner - Blue Island & Kusshi Oysters with Finger Lime Caviar. October 15th - 5 courses - $95 per person++ - reservations are required - for more information please call 317.955.2277., Join us for our Twin Tails Promotion - 2 - 5oz Cold Water Canadian Lobster Tails for only $39 - available anytime through Novmeber 4th!!!, null, 2 Dozen Kumamotos - small, deeply cupped, rich texture, mildly fruity & sweet., Seared Panamanian Cobia - Blue Crab & Goat Cheese Empanada - Smoked Ham and Spaghetti Squash Puree., Join us for Indy's Best Cold Water Oyster Selection!!! Today we are featuring the following cold water oysters:  Calm Cove - WA, Dutch Harbor - RI, Fanny Bay - BC, Jorstad - WA, Kumamoto - CA, Kusshi - CA, Misty Point - VA, Olympia - WA, Rappahannock - VA, Shigoku - WA, Sister Point - WA & Stellar Bay - BC.  All are available fresh shucked to order on the half shell - for reservations please call 317.955.2277, or follow our reservation web link at theoceanaire.com., Whole Fried Yellowtail Snappers, Grilled Alaskan Coho Salmon - Smith's Country Ham & White Bean Ragout with Spaghetti Squash., The Best of Alaska - Seared Alaskan Black Cod with Dungeness Crab - Avocado Dumplings and Ginger Scallion Sauce., Hashed Browns a la Oceanaire, See that gorgeous second level? That's our Mezzanine, which may be rented out exclusively, as it has every night this week! Let your company and friends know that Oceanaire Indy loves to host events!, "Pulpo" braised with Red Wine, Garlic, Bay Leaves, Thyme and Red Pepper - on the menu tonight!!, Our cold water oyster selection for today: Bras D'Or - NS, Dutch Harbor - RI, Fanny Bay - BC, Hurricane Harbor - PEI, Kusshi - WA, Misty Point - VA, Rappahannock - VA and Stellar Bay - BC.  All are available fresh shucked to order on the half shell - for reservations or more information please call 317.955.2277., Maryland Style Jumbo Lump Crab Cake + Bacon + Brioche Bun + Mustard Mayonaise = Our Crab Cake Club Sandwich!!!!, Join us today for the Best Cold Water Oyster Selection in Indy!!, Now you see what these dishes look like written on a chalk board.... Come in and see the real thing-- these dishes belong in your stomachs!!!!, Thanks to everyone who joined us for our 10th Anniversary Weekend!!!, A little something special for our 10th Anniversary Weekend - House Made Callebaut Chocolate Truffle., A Classic Oceanaire Side Dish - Nueske's Slab Bacon., Thank's to everyone who joined us yesterday, as we celebrated our 10th Anniversary!!! Over this Special Weekend, we will be offering Unlimited $1 Chef's Choice Oysters in the Bar Area, as well as some of our favorite Classic Dishes from when we first opened - like this Seared Rare Ahi Tuna with Roasted Mushrooms and Red Wine Reduction., An Oceanaire Classic that Never goes out of Style - Alaska's Best Wild Halibut T-Bone.  Served here in our "Black and Bleu" preparation with Cajun Seasoning, Blue Cheese Butter and Sherry Caramelized Onions., Seared Maine Divers Scallops - Toasted Hazelnut - Orange Brown Butter., We've brought back some old favorites for our 10th Anniversary Weekend, like the East Meets West Crabcakes.  A Classic Maryland Style Jumbo Lump Crab Cake paired with a flash fried West Coast Style Dungeness Crab Cake., Join Executive Chef Mark Marlar at the Whole Foods Market in Carmel today from 4:30 to 6:30, as he prepares Butternut Squash Soup and Kale Smoothies - great healthy eating choices for Fall!!!, Join us in celebrating Oceanaire Indy's 10 Year Anniversary!!!  We will be offering unlimited $1 Chef's Choice Oysters in the Bar area all weekend, as well as bringing back Classic Dishes from our original opening!!  Available Friday, Saturday and Sunday for Dinner service, our Anniversary Menu items will be paired with Chef Mark's signature seasonal and regional cuisine - for reservations please call 317.955.2277, or follow our reservation web link at theoceanaire.com., Flash Fried Cold Water Lobster Tail - Crab, Avocado and Serrano Salad., Alaskan Ling Cod - White Beans, Roasted Mushroom and Crushed Tomato Ragout., Rainy day in Indy = Perfect Day for a Crab Melt!!!  Our Maryland Style Jumbo Lump Crab Cake, Sourdough bread, Pepperjack Cheese, Bacon & Louise Dressing - served with Matchstick Fries - available every day for Lunch Service!!!, Executive Sous Chef Neil Andrews making fresh pasta - available for dinner tonight!!!, Join us in congratulating our Assistant General Manager Miko Lukas and Wine Director Ben Caroll.  They have both passed the first level Court of Master Sommeliers exam - come in for dinner and let them share their passion and enthusiasm for wine with you, as they help select the perfect wine pairing for your next meal.
Cheers!!!, null, null, null, Welcome to The Oceanaire Indy!!! Come mourn the Colts loss with $1 Oysters at our bar or the Oyster & Wine Special (in picture below)... Our Food Runner, Kaylee is looking forward to seeing all of you!, null, Ecuadorian Mahi Mahi - Bay Shrimp, Pancetta, Roasted Tomatoes, House Fettuccini., Alaska's Best - Wild Alaskan Coho Salmon with Roasted Mushroom and Parmesan Risotto., Join us for 6 Premium Oysters from Blue Island Oyster Farms, paired with 3 Fine Wines - Sokol Blosser Pinot Gris, Wairau River Sauvignon Blanc and M. Chapoutier "Belleruche" Rose.  Available anytime, only $21.95 per person!!!, Join us tonight for the Best Cold Water Oyster Selection in Indy!!!!, Pan Seared Maine Diver Scallops - Stir Fried Bay Shrimp, Bean Sprouts and Snap Peas., Join us for 6 Premium Oysters from Blue Island Oyster Farms, paired with 3 Fine Wines - Sokol Blosser Pinot Gris, Wairau River Sauvignon Blanc and M. Chapoutier "Belleruche" Rose from Cotes du Rhone. Available anytime, all for only $21.95 per person!!!, null, Surf and Turf - Salmon, Steak, Soy Molasses Glaze., Amuse Bouche - Seared Diver Scallops, Pickled Blueberries, Peaches, Gran Reserva Sherry Vinagre de Jerez & Rosemary Oil., The Best of Alaska!!!  Seared Alaskan Black Cod - Hand Made Fettuccini, Pancetta, Peas, Marsala & Parmesan., Blue Island Oysters at the Penrod Opening Night, What's for Lunch? Seared Diver Scallops - Creole Tomatoes and Cheddar Grits., The Best Cold Water Oyster Selection in Indy!! Today we have the following oyster varietals available for you: Calm Cove - WA, Dabob Bay - WA, Forbidden Island - VA, Jorstad Creek - WA, Kumamoto - WA, Kusshi - BC, Malpeque - PEI, Mirada - WA, Old 1871 - VA, Rappahannock - VA and Sunset Beach - WA.  All are available fresh shucked to order on the half shell - for reservations or more information please call 317.955.2277., Whole Fried Florida Yellowtail Snapper., Classic Oceanaire Chilled Shellfish Platter - Lobster, Shrimp, Snow Crab and Oysters from our Fresh Raw Bar., Maine Divers Scallops - Spanish Chorizo with Green Lip Mussels, Steamed Clams & Indiana Cherry Tomatoes., Join us for the Best Cold Water Oyster Selection in Indy!!!, null, Open tonight from 4-10pm - Unlimited Chefs Choice $1 Oysters available all night in the Bar!!!, Join us tonight & tomorrow for Unlimited $1 Chef's Choice Oysters - available in the Bar area only - for reservations or more information please call 317.955.2277., The Best of Alaska!!  Wild Alaskan Coho Salmon - White Peaches, Blueberries, Orange and Brown Butter., Maine Diver Scallops - Blackened with Watermelon-Sesame Salad., null, Happy National Cabernet Day!!! Oceanaire Indy appreciates it's wine lovers, so we're giving our guests Stags Leap Winery Cabernet Sauvignon for only $10 a glass!!! From 5pm-close tonight in the bar., null, Want a perfect way to start a Devour Downtown dinner? Enjoy our delicious Spicy Tuna Poke... Crispy Wantons and Wasabi Emulsion., Kusshi - the Japanese word for "Precious".  Our smallest oyster selection tonight from British Columbia, great to pair with some of our larger East Coast varieties., Maine Lobster Roll - Buttered Brioche, Lemon, Capers and Mustard Mayonnaise., Alaska's Best - Comfort Food Style.  Chicken Fried Wild Alaskan Halibut Cheeks - Mashed Potatoes, Pan Gravy and Asparagus., Pan Seared Maine Diver Scallops - Indiana Tomatoes, Fennel Pollen, Blue Cheese and Basil., Celebrate National Cabernet Day with us this Friday, Aug. 30!, Join us Labor Day Weekend for Unlimited $1 Chef's Choice Oysters - available during Dinner service in the Bar Area, Friday through Monday night!!, Just a visual reminder about our amazing Ecuadorian Mahi Mahi entree for Devour Downtown... Saffron Risotto and Grilled Calamari!!! Huge guest favorite!, null, To: The Oceanaire Indy staff

Much appreciation for providing high class service to all our amazing Devour Downtown guests this weekend. Our guests gave us much praise because of your fantastic abilities. Thank you everyone... You rock :)

From: Your appreciative AGM, on behalf of the entire Management Team, Fried Red Chili Calamari, null, Seared Maine Sea Scallops "Dynamite" - Chili, Sriracha, Orange Zest, Crab Meat., Maryland Style Jumbo Lump Crab Cake., Grilled Flank Steak, Hand Cut Sweet Potato Fries, Chimichurri - our Devour Downtown Steak Option., The Finest Oysters - Simpson Bay from Alaska - available for a limited time only!!!!, The Best of Alaska - Wild Alaskan Ivory King Salmon - with Brown Butter, Peaches and Blueberries., null, Amuse Bouche - Sugar Snap Peas, Soy Caramel, Sriracha, Sweet Soy Bruleed Norwegian Salmon, Toasted Sesame., A Timeless Classic - Oceanaire Shrimp Cocktail., Seared Pacific Swordfish - Saffron Risotto and Grilled Calamari., Seared Maine Sea Scallops - Roasted Tomatoes, Capers, Lemon and Parmesan., Ecuadorian Mahi Mahi - with Saffron Risotto and Grilled Calamari - one of our 3 Devour Downtown entree selections.  Reservations are strongly recomended during Devour Downtown - August 19th through September 1st - please call 317.955.2277, or follow our reservation web link at theoceanaire.com., Grilled Norwegian Salmon - Baby Bok Choy, Miso Glaze and Sweet Soy - One of our 3 Devour Downtown entree options for you this evening., One of our Devour Downtown appetizers: Old 1871 Oysters from Virginia, with a Strawberry Mignonette., http://m.nwitimes.com/entertainment/columnists/offbeat/offbeat-indy-favorite-brings-coastal-food-inland/article_8a2e0e98-e907-5571-9089-5520fae4eb5b.html?mobile_touch=true, Devour Downtown Restaurant Week is in full effect!!! Come join us for our $35 three course Devour Menu. We'll post the menu later tonight so you can see the magic that Chef has created :), Whole Fried Pompano!!! Napa Cabbage Salad and Red Chili Sauce. So deliciously fresh  and tasty!!! We will take the meat off for you tableside too!, Motorcycles on Meridian + The Best Seafood in Indy = The Perfect Saturday Night!!!, Pan Seared Maine Sea Scallops - Forestiere Mushrooms, Sauteed Spinach & Burgundy., We know you love Devour Downtown - we do too!!!  Join us for our $35 Pre-Fix Menu during dinner service August 19th through September 1st  - reservations are strongly recomended - please call 317.955.2277, or follow our reservation weblink at theoceanaire.com., What's for dinner? Florida Snowy Grouper - with Peaches, Blueberries and Brown Butter., Let the Blue Light guide you in ---- Come celebrate the Red Bull Indianapolis Moto GP, with Motorcycles on Meridian and the Best Seafood in Indy!!!!, Seared Sea Scallops - Mango Habanero Salsa, Rum Butter & Plantain., Pan Seared Wild Alaskan Halibut Cheeks - Lobster Nage, Heirloom Cherry Tomatoes and Oregon Lobster Mushrooms., Pan Seared Sea Scallops with Oregon Lobster and Chanterelle Mushrooms., null, Pan Seared Wild Alaskan Halibut - Pancetta, Spinach, Heirloom Cherry Tomatoes & Juniper Saffron Nage., Amuse Bouche - Heirloom Cherry Tomato, Finger Lime, Seared Sea Scallop, Chanterelle Mushrooms & Fig., Pan Seared Maine Sea Scallops - with Sofritto, Shrimp & Corn Empanada., The Best of Alaska - a 90lb Wild Alaskan Halibut!!! Our Sous Chef Andy is cutting this huge fish now - on the menu tonight!!!, Toasted Sourdough Bread + Sliced Tomato + Pepperjack Cheese + Maryland Style Jumbo Lump Crab Cake = The Oceanaire Crab Melt., null, Seared Wild Alaskan Coho Salmon - Oregon Lobster and Chantrelle Mushrooms., Seared Maine Sea Scallops - Pancetta, Littleneck Clams, Chilies and White Wine., Florida Snowy Grouper... With Blueberries, Peaches and Brown Butter. Delicious!!!!!!, Join us today for The Best Cold Water Oyster Selection in Indy!!  We are featuring the following oysters varietals: Alpine Bay - PEI, East Beach Blonde - R.I, Hurricane Harbor - VA, Kumamoto - CA, Naked Cowboy - NY, James River - MD, Simpson Bay - AK, Sun Hollow - WA & Sunset Beach - WA.  All are available fresh shucked to order on the half shell - for reservations or more information please call 317.955.2277., Jumbo Shrimp with Creamy White Cheddar Grits... What a tasty southern style treat!!, Join us tonight for the Best Cold Water Oyster Selection in Indy!!! Tonight we are featuring the following oysters:  Old 1871 - VA, Alpine Bay - PEI, Coromandel - NZ, East Beach Blonde - RI, Hurricane Harbor - VA, Kumamoto - CA, Naked Cowboy - LI, James River - MD, Simpson Bay - AK, Stellar Bay - BC, Sun Hollow - WA & Sunset Beach - WA.  All are available fresh shucked to order on the half shell - for reservations or more information please call 317.955.2277., Tonight we are offering some of the very best of Alaska: Wild Alaskan Coho Salmon, Wild Alaskan Red King Crab & these wonderful Simpson Bay oysters., If you can't make it Downtown tonight, join Executive Chef Mark Marlar at Whole Foods Market Carmel.  From 4:30 to 6:30pm Chef Mark will be doing a demo and offering samples of a Lemongrass Cod Bahn Mi., "Fin & Shell" Stew - Mediterranean Style with Pernod & Spicy garlic Rouille., Florida Snowy Grouper - Summer Squash Ratatouille, Grape Tomatoes, Basil & Balsamic., Hendrick's Gin, Fresh Mint Leaves, Fresh Lime Juice and Gosling's Ginger Beer.... Refreshing and tasty way to spend a Thirsty Thursday evening! Come see Michael and Zach at the bar :), Stellar Bay Oysters from British Columbia.  Join us tonight for the best cold water oyster selection in Indy!!!!!, Our cold water oyster selection for today: Sun Hollow - WA, Kumamoto - CA, Coromandel - NZ, Forbidden Cove - NZ, Hurricane Harbor - VA, Misty Point - VA, Old 1871 - VA, Rappahannock - VA, Simpson Bay - AK & Stellar Bay - BC.  All are available fresh shucked to order on the half shell - for reservations or more information please call 317.955.2277., Oceanaire Seafood Room Indianapolis would like to cordially invite you to.... join us for lunch!! Our lunch menu has been updated and we look forward to seeing you all enjoy it!, Ecuadorian Mahi Mahi - Cucumber Radish Salad & Red Chili., Seared Sea Scallops - Summer Squash Ratatouille with Grape Tomatoes, Basil & Balsamic., Seared Baja Corvina - Mango Jalapeno Salsa, Plantain and Rum Butter., Thanks to everyone who joined us yesterday for National Oyster Day!!!!, If you aren't a part of this $1 Oyster Special on National Oyster Day, you are MISSING OUT! This restaurant is rockin' with people who love their Oysters!!!!, Our Executive Sous Chef and Sous Chef are pretty pumped for this $1 Oyster night!!! These boys will be shucking Oysters for all of you from 5pm until we close-- so come in and take advantage of this amazing deal!!, Get your slurp on today at Oceanaire! See you at 5., Hawaiian Ahi Tuna Sashimi, Indiana Tomato Panzanella Salad - Field Greens, Basil & Balsamic., Grilled Ecuadorian Mahi Mahi - Summer Squash Ratatouille, Grape Tomatoes, Basil and Balsamic., Alaska's Best - "Black & Blue" Wild Alaskan Halibut T-Bone - with Caramelized Onions, Cajun Seasoning and Blue Cheese Butter., Grilled Wild Alaskan Coho Salmon - Potato Risotto and Sunflower Gremolata., Seared Maine Scallops with Grilled Cantaloupe, Mint, and Serrano Chili Salad!, null, Oceanaire does a mighty fine Filet Mignon!!! Cuts through like butter, savory seasoning and just the way beef is meant to be., We know where you'll be Monday. Mmm, Oysters., Oh my!!! Copper River Salmon with Blueberries, Peaches and Lemon Butter... Mouth-watering!!!!!!!, How do you like your Oceanaire Tacos? Blackened Fish, Beer Battered Shrimp, or Grilled Marinated Steak/Chicken? Topped with Pico, Avocado, Cabbage Slaw and served with Matchstick Fries.

And by the way, you can come in and get this within 10-15 minutes, making it a perfect quick lunch break!!, What's a great way to enjoy Ecuadorian Mahi Mahi?? Crab Crusted with Soy Glazed Vegetables!!!!, The Oceanaire Seafood Room is buzzing with Old 1871 $1 Oysters at the bar!! Holy cow, these are AMAZING Oysters!!! Come get some!!!!, Local Greens, Orange, Feta, Shaved Fennel and Orange Vinaigrette., Copper River Sockeye Salmon - Watercress, Golden Raisins, Sunflower Seeds, Crispy Horseradish & Charred Honey Vinaigrette., California White Sea Bass - Grilled Corn, Smokey Bacon & Chipotle Butter., The Best of Alaska - Simply Grilled Wild Alaskan Halibut TBone!!!, We just made your weekend plans.*

*Disclaimers on flyer. Please show this post/image to your server to receive your complimentary appetizer. Enjoy!, null, Join us for the Best Cold Water Oyster Selection in Indianapolis!!!, Wild Alaskan Halibut T-Bone - "Black & Bleu"., Another variation on the Hawaiian Wahoo Ono - Oceanaire "Black & Bleu" - Caramelized Onions, Cajun Seasoning & Blue Cheese Butter., Ono is a Hawaiian word meaning "good to eat."  Here we have the Hawaiian Wahoo Ono in the classic Oceanaire "Angry" preparation - with Orange, Chilies & Sriracha., Our cold water oyster selections for today: Eld Inlet - WA, Hammersley - WA, Kumamoto - CA, Lady Chatterly - NS, Misty Point - VA, Naked Cowboy - LI, Old 1871 - VA, Pickering Pass - WA, Steamboat Island - WA & Treasure Island - WA.  All are available fresh shucked to order on the half shell - for reservations or more information please call 317.955.2277., Indiana Tomato Panzanella Salad - Lush Leaf Farms Greens, Point Reyes Blue Cheese, House Croutons & Balsamic., Classic Oceanaire Jumbo Shrimp Cocktail - sometimes the simple things are the Best!!!, Steamboat Oysters from Washington State.  Also available for lunch service today: Eld Inlet - WA, Hammersley - WA, Lady Chatterly - NS, Misty Point - VA, Old 1871 - VA, Pickering Pass - WA, Treasure Island - WA.  All are available fresh shucked to order on the half shell - for reservations or more information please call 317.955.2277., Seared Maine Scallops with Andouille Sausage, Steamed Clams and Creole Tomatoes. Can't you taste the tenderness from this picture? YUM!, Chef knows how to put together a nice lookin' Lobster Carbonara (Neuske's Bacon, Broccolini, Linguini in a light Creamy Parmesan Sauce)., So we are curious as to what our Facebook friends think about Oceanaire Indy having a black tie affair wine dinner in September. Five courses paired with high end wine, and dressy attire... What else should we include? Dancing? Opera singer? 

Please share some ideas... And if they are feasible, then we'll do them... Thank you!, Our favorite oyster from Alaska - Simpson Bay Oysters from Cordova.  Extremely rare, available for a limited time only - for reservations or more information please call 317.955.2277., The Best of Alaska + The Best of Indiana --- Seared Wild Alaskan Halibut with Local Indiana Chanterelle Mushrooms., 80lb Warsaw Grouper - our butcher Eduardo is cutting it for dinner tonight!!!, null, Pan-Seared Alaskan Halibut with Indiana Chanterelle Mushrooms. This picture doesn't even do enough justice to the taste of this dish! Those mushrooms are delicious and locally harvested., Seared Maine Scallops - Andouille Sausage, Steamed Clams & Creole Tomatoes., Seared Lake Erie Walleye - Grilled Corn, Zucchini, Green Beans and Leeks., Beautiful Hawaiin Ahi Tuna - Chef Mark is cutting it for dinner service tonight!!!  For reservations please call 317.955.2277, or follow our weblink at theoceanaire.com., Don't forget - tomorrow night from 5-11pm we are offering the Best Lobster Deal of the Year!!! Enjoy a 2LB Lobster for only $29.95 - reservations are required to hold you very own 2 pounder, please call 317.955.2277., Old 1871 Oysters three ways - Classic Rockefeller, Casino & Dynamite., null, Join us this evening for a tasting of Old 1871 Oysters!!!  Each guest will enjoy 6 fresh shucked on the half shell, plus 6 a in a variety of Chef Mark's special preparations - all perfectly paired with a glass of wine.  This casual reception will be hosted on the Mezzanine from 6-8pm, reservations are not required, and the cost is $30 per person++.  For more information please call 317.955.2277 - we look forward to seeing you tonight!!!, Octopus  Bruschetta - Balsamic & Heirloom Tomato., null, Only 3 days until The Best Lobster Deal of the Year!!  This coming Friday night the 19th we are offering a 2LB Lobster for only $29.95, during dinner service from 5-11pm.  Reservations are required for your Lobster & table - please call 317.955.2277., Join us tomorrow night for a very special Oyster & Wine tasting!!  We are featuring the Old 1871 oyster from Virginia - each guest will enjoy 6 oysters raw on the half shell & 6 oysters in a variety of Chef's preparations, plus 1 glass of wine.  Only $30++ per person, reservations are not required, just stop by anytime between 6-8pm - for more information please call 317.955.2277., We are teaming up with Fortune Fish for a oyster tasting this Wednesday. 1 Dozen 1871 Oysters and a glass of wine for $30 anytime between 6 & 8pm., Join us tonight for Unlimited $1 Chef's Choice Fresh Shucked Cold Water Oysters - available in the Bar Area from 5-10pm!!!, Alaskan Sitka Sound Ivory King Salmon - Roasted Corn, Chipotle, Queso & Cilantro., Pan Seared Maine Scallops - with "Dirty" Shrimp & Watermelon Bean Sprout Salad., Local Peel and Eat Shrimp - with Old Bay and Drawn Butter - don't be afraid to roll up your sleeves and dig in!!!!, Seared Lake Erie Walleye - Mozzarella, Heirloom Tomatoes and Basil., Our cold water oyster selection for tonight:  Eld Inlet - WA, Hammersely - WA, Kumamoto - CA, Kusshi - BC, Misty Point - VA, Old 1871 - VA, Pebble Beach - WA, Pickering Pass - WA, Rappahannock - VA, Salt Works - VA, Shigoku - WA & Treasure Island - WA.  All are available fresh shucked to order on the half shell - for reservations or more information please call 317.955.2277., What do YOU think is in this cocktail? Winner gets a free 1/2 dozen Oysters!!!, Malpeque Oysters!!! Come and get some, they are truly scrumptious!!! We are open until 11pm, so swing by after your date!, Grilled Alaskan Sockeye Salmon - Peaches, Orange & Toasted Sunflower Seeds., null, The Best Lobster Deal of the Year - For reservations please call 317.955.2277 - we are filling up fast!!!, Alaskan Ling Cod - Roasted Garlic Tomatoe Confit, Andouille Sausage & Walnuts., Our newest oyster, the Old 1871 from Virginia, in the classic Rockefeller preparation., null, Lake Erie Walleye "Poutine" - with Nueskes Bacon Lardones, Matchstick Fries, Point Reyes Toma Cheese & Red Wine Gravy!!!!, Seared Maine Sea Scallops - Grilled Focaccia, Poached Egg, Big Fork Sausage, Asparagus & Hollandaise., Grilled Wild Alaskan Ivory King Salmon - with Honey Cider Braised White Peaches & Spiced Sunflower Seeds., The Best of Alaska - Wild Ivory King Salmon., Our cold water oyster selection for today: Calm Cove - WA, Halibut Cove - AK, Malpeque - PEI, Misty Point - VA, Quilcene Bay - WA, Rappahanock - VA,  Sisters Point - WA & Stingray Bay - VA.  All are available fresh shucked to order on the half shell - for reservations or more information please call 317.955.2277., Our Daily Fresh Fish Chalkboard looks mighty tasty today :)

Any of those fish can be served simply grilled or with the Chef's special of the day. Come in and take advantage of the daily catch!, Something about this picture reminds me of.... Oh yea!!! We are STILL having our $1 Oyster Special today from 5-11pm at the bar!!!! Unlimited!! Come in and grab a dozen ... or five. See you tonight at The Oceanaire Indy!, Everyone is celebrating a special occasion at The Oceanaire Indy! Talk about a perfect atmosphere for a birthday, anniversary, graduation and/or anything else that you may be celebrating... Show the people you love that you want to take them to the best possible dining experience :) See you all soon!, Grilled Indiana Asparagus Salad - with Spring Greens, Oven Dried Tomatoes, Feta Cheese and Dijon Vinaigrette., Our cold water oyster selections for today: Bald Point - WA, Calm Cove - WA, Halibut Cove - AK, Kumamoto - CA, Quilcene Bay - WA, Sisters Point - WA & Treasure Cove - WA.  All are available fresh shucked to order on the half shell - for reservations or more information please call 317.955.2277., Thank you to all the patrons who joined us on Independence Day... We thoroughly enjoyed spending the holiday with such amazing guests! 

And thank you to our staff who spent the day providing the perfect environment during this special day. 

Oceanaire Indy appreciates all of our guests and staff... Happy 4th of July!, Happy 4th Of July!!  Come celebrate with the best cold water oyster selection in the City - and don't forget, unlimited $1 Chef's Choice Oysters are available anytime the 4th through the 7th in the Bar area!!!, The Best Oyster Deal in Town - Unlimited $1 Chef's Choice Fresh Shucked Cold Water Oysters - available anytime in the Bar Area July 4th through 7th!!!, Join us this Fourth of July Weekend for our Famous "Steak & Cake" Pre-Fix.  We will also be featuring unlimited $1 Chef's Choice Oysters and HH Specials in the Bar Area all day the 4th through the 7th -  For more information or reservations please call 317.955.2277!, The Best of Alaska - Halibut Cove Oysters!!!, Hawaiian Ahi Tuna Sashimi = The Perfect Lunch!!!, Copper River Sockeye Salmon - Nueskes Bacon, Grilled Corn & Chipotle., Ecuadorian Mahi Mahi - Mango Haberno Salsa, Plantains & Rum Butter., Sooo, what's your favorite Oyster?? 

We had a first time Oyster taster the other night, and we gave him a Kumamoto, and he loved it! It goes to show that each variety has its own unique flavor profile, fit to to please anybody's tasting pallette. Our Chefs here at Oceanaire Indy, make sure to bring in a dozen different varieties from all over the world. Novices and experts alike... come join us on Sundays for $1 Oysters at the bar!!!!!! We will see you soon!, null, Pan Seared Maine Sea Scallops - Bacon Roasted Potatoes, Poached Egg & Blue Crab Hollandaise., Seared Wild Alaskan Halibut - Garam Masala Dusted Shrimp & Coconut Curried Vegetables., Start your dinner tonight with the Best of Alaska - Wild Alaskan Sockeye Salmon Spread - with Fennel Pollen, Capers, Red Onion & House Made Chips., What's for lunch?????

Shrimp Po-Boy - with Tomatoes, Cucumbers & Sriracha.  Available Monday through Friday from 11am to 5pm - see our daily changing lunch menu at theoceanaire.com., Get ready for Independence Day at The Oceanaire Seafood Room Indianapolis!! We will be here to celebrate the holiday with you from 11am-10pm, with the the best gift we can give: $1 Oysters ALL DAY during the Fourth of July weekend (Thursday-Sunday). YUM!, Seared Belizean Colbia - Yuzu Tobiko, Napa Cabbage & Carrot Ginger Puree., Seared Maine Sea Scallops - with Watermelon, Basil, Balsamic & Feta Cheese., 1 Maryland Style Jumbo Lump Crab Cake + Bacon, Sliced Tomato, Louis Dressing & Pepperjack Cheese = Our Lump Crab Melt!!!, Alpine Bay - PEI, Beau Soleil - NB, Coromandel - NZ, Calm Cove - WA, Dabob Bay - WA, Hammersley - WA, James River - MD, Pickering Pass - WA, Rappahannock - VA, Saltworks - VA, Sisters Point - WA, Stingray - VA & Watch Hill - RI.  All are available fresh shucked on the half shell - for reservations please call 317.955.2277., Happy Monday Indianapolis!!! Come in for lunch and enjoy a super refreshing Tuna Sashimi or have it slightly seared with Wasabi Emulsion and Wakame Salad... BEST possible way to start the work week!, Wikipedia says that Oysters are an excellent source of zinc, iron, calcium, and selenium, as well as vitamin A and vitamin B12. Of course, an Oysters' aphrodisiac nature was also in the main definition of their nutritional value.

Well, there you have it. It's time to come in today (SUNDAY FUNDAY) and have $1 Oysters in the bar!!!! Some of these Oysters are usually $3-5 each.... This is a deal if there was ever a deal.

And don't forget about the Facebook dessert deal that we posted about yesterday. Come in, ask for Miko Lukas (Assistant General Manager) and tell her that you're a Facebook follower of The Oceanaire Indy... we'll give you a free dessert! See you all soon!!, Doesn't this look inviting? Come  join us on this gorgeous Saturday evening! Grab a nice booth, enjoy a delicious glass of wine, devour one of the lovely specials that Chef Neil has put on the menu, and then top it off with some Stickey Toffee Pudding or a refreshing piece of Key Lime Pie! And when you come in this weekend, mention that you are a Facebook follower to Miko Lukas (Assistant General Manager) and receive a free dessert!!!, Pan Seared Maine Sea Scallops - Duck Confit, Fava Beans & Sweet Corn., What's for dessert?  "Coffee & Donuts" - by K-Lu Cupcakes.  Expresso Cake, Donut Hole Center, Expresso Buttercream topped with a Mini Donut., The finale of our Wild Ale Dinner: NY Style Cheesecake, with Callebaut Chocolate Truffle - paired with Lindeman's Framboise Lambic., Roasted Rhode Island Monkfish, with Bacon Braised Swiss Chard, Romesco Sauce & Pine Nut Gremolata - paired with Liefmans "Flanders Oud Bruin.", Jeff Coffin, saxophonist with Dave Matthews Band, enjoyed a little grilled octopus with us tonight..., The third course of our Wild Ale Dinner: Seared Florida Red Grouper, with Duck Confit, Heirloom Tomatoes, Fava Beans & Grilled Sweet Corn - paired with Brasserie D'Oravel "Orval" Trappist Ale., The second course of our Wild Ale Dinner:  Candy Striped Beet Salad, with Port Reyes Bleu Cheese, Grapefruit & Candied Walnuts - paired with Bavik "Petrus" Aged Ale., The first course of our Wild Ale Dinner - Blue Island Oysters with a Cuvee Rene Mignonette & Yuzu Tobiko, paired with Lindeman's Gueuze "Cuvee Rene.", Our beer lineup for tonight's Wild Ale Dinner:  Bell's "Oarsman", Lindeman's "Gueuze Cuvee Rene", Bavik "Petrus" Aged Pale, Brasserie D'Oravel S.A "Orval Trappist Ale", Liefmans "Flanders Oud Bruin" & Lindeman's "Framboise Lambic.", Fisherman's Stew... Scallops, mussels, calamari, shrimp and fish OH MY!!! Paired with a nice glass of red wine to compliment the spice... Is your mouth watering yet??? Great way to get through a Wednesday!, Amuse Bouche for our Twenty4Change Dinner - Salmon Tartar with Plantain, Basil Oil & Sriracha., Ecuadorian Mahi Mahi - Mango Habanero Salsa, Fried Plantain & Rum Butter., null, Kusshi Oysters from BC, Seared Maine Sea Scallops - House Made Fettucini, Tomatoes, Capers, Olives, Basil & Lemon., Resurrection Bay Alaska Wild Sockeye Salmon - Cherry Pepper Tzatziki, Stewed Tomatos & Grilled Sourdough., Resurrection Bay Alaska Wild Sockeye Salmon - Roasted Mushrooms, Green Beans, Caramelized Onions & Beurre Blanc, Florida Fireback Grouper - with Toasted Almonds, Green Beans & Lemon Beurre Blanc, null, Eating Shibumi oysters at Zoobilation with The Naked Cowboy., The Naked Cowboy contemplates his namesake wild oysters from Long Island, NY., Zoobilation 2013 - Naked Cowboy Oysters with a local strawberry mignonette., Doesn't this look like the perfect place for refreshing Oysters, chilled glass of wine, or a tasty Oceanaire cocktail? Come in and enjoy the start of the weekend with us!, Pan Seared Wild Alaskan Halibut - Dirty Shrimp with Watermelon-Bean Sprout Salad., Hand Rolled Fettuccini - on the menu tonight with Seared Maine Scallops, Crushed Tomatoes & House Made Ricotta., Give Dad the night off on June 16 for Father's Day.

It's not too late to make a reservation - and we will have $1 Oysters in the bar ALL DAY!

Call us for reservations:(317) 955-2277., null, null, Grilled Lake Erie Walleye - Chopped Spring Salad with Bay Shrimp & Balsamic Vinaigrette., null, Let's celebrate Graduations!
Let's celebrate Birthdays!
Let's celebrate Anniversaries!
Let's celebrate great friends and family!

Whatever you are celebrating, let The Oceanaire Seafood Room Indianapolis show you an amazing experience with our private dining rooms. Pictured below is our coveted Captain's Room, suited for 10-30 guests. Contact our Sales and Events Coordinator, Courtney Loyd, for more information and reservations. We look forward in seeing you soon!, Pan Seared Maine Sea Scallops - Capers, Lemon & Parmesan., Roasted Rhode Island Monkfish - Steamed Razor Clams, Ginger, Garlic & Chilies., Maryland Style Jumbo Lump Crab Cake - The Best in Indianapolis!!!  For reservations please call 317.955.2277, or follow our reservation link at theoceanaire.com., Pan Seared Maine Sea Scallops - Spring Pea Puree, Shaved Fennel, Arugula, Horseradish & Tarragon Vinaigrette., Cornmeal Fried Lake Erie Walleye - with Bay Shrimp Fritters, Hand Cut Fries & House Made Tartar Sauce., Homemade NY Style Cheesecake - with Callebaut Chocolate Truffles - paired with Lindeman's / Framboise Lambic.  The finale of our Wild Ales Beer Dinner on June 20th - only $45 per person++.  Join us for a cocktail hour featuring Bell's Oarsman starting at 6:30pm - For reservations or more information please call 317.955.2277., Pan Seared Maine Sea Scallops - with Grilled Octopus, Tomato Focaccia, Capers & Balsamic., Roasted Rhode Island Monkfish - with Bacon Braised Swiss Chard, Romesco Sauce & Pine Nut Gremolata - paired with Liefmans / Flanders Oud Bruin.  The fourth course of our Wild Ales Beer Dinner on June 20th - $45 per person, cocktail hour featuring Bell's Oarsman starts at 6:30pm - For reservations please call 317.955.2277., Seared Florida Red Grouper - with Duck Confit, Heirloom Tomatoes, Fava Beans & Grilled Sweet Corn - paired with Brasserie D'Oravel S.A. / Orval Trappist Ale. The third course of our Wild Ales Beer Dinner on June 20th - $45 per person, cocktail hour featuring Bell's Oarsman starts at 6:30pm - For reservations please call 317.955.2277., Candy Striped Beet Salad - with Capriole Farms' Goat Cheese, Grapefruit & Candied Walnuts - paired with Bavik/Petrus Aged Pale Ale. The second course of our Wild Ales Beer Dinner on June 20th - $45 per person, cocktail hour featuring Bell's Oarsman starts at 6:30pm - For reservations please call 317.955.2277., 16oz Halibut T-Bone - with Caramelized Onions & Blue Cheese Butter + a glass of Stag's Leap "Hands of Time" Red Blend = The Perfect Dinner!!!, Blue Island Oysters - with Cuvee Rene Mignonette & Yuzu Tobiko - paired with Lindeman's Gueze "Cuvee Rene".  The first course of our Wild Ales Beer Dinner on June 20th - $45 per person++, cocktail hour featuring Bell's Oarsman starts at 6:30pm - For reservations please call 317.955.2277., We know oysters! $1 Oysters at the bar on Sundays. 

https://vine.co/v/bYDZKtzu13r, Do Alaskan Red King Crab Legs sound good?  How about our Seared Maine Scallops with melted leek & mushroom risotto?  Or our Skuna Bay Salmon "Dirty" with Caramelized Onions & Bleu Cheese Butter?  All of these and more on our dinner menu tonight!  Come see us!  :), Welcome American College of Sports Medicine to Indianapolis!  They will be here through Saturday!  Come check out the freshest seafood in Indy!!!  Make your reservation today at: (317) 955-2277

www.acsm.org, Come celebrate post Race, and pre Pacers with the Best Cold Water Oyster Selection in Indy - Let's Beat the Heat!!!, Here's another shot! :), Our amazing kitchen staff holding some amazing fish!  Here's the line up left to right: 
Antonio holding a Lobster & a Florida Yellowtail Snapper, Mark holding a Calm Cove Oyster, Fern holding a Hawaiian Opah, Herardo holding a Skuna Bay Salmon, Ricky holding a Lake Erie Walleye Tile Fish & Foca holding a Rhode Island Golden Tile Fish! Which one will you be coming in to try??, We will be closed next Monday for Memorial Day but we will be open and waiting for you all week & this weekend race fans!!! What are YOUR plans & when do we get to see you???, $1 oysters for the Pacer game pre party!, What's another way to serve our Oregon Fresh Morel Mushroom?  Well fried of course!  Come in today to see what entrees we use these in on our daily menu!, We are opening early tomorrow at 4pm, before the Pacers take on the Knicks!  Join us pre-game tomorrow from 4-6pm for unlimited Chef's Choice $1 Oysters - the perfect way to get ready for the big game!!  For reservations please call 317.95.2277, or follow our web reservation link at theoceanaire.ocm., Fresh Oregon Morel Mushrooms...YUM!!!  Don't they look great?, Welcome to Monday!  Look at this beautiful Tuna preparation by Chef Mark!  Doesn't it look delicious???, Happy Mother's Day to all you wonderful mothers out there!  Come celebrate with us until 9:00pm today!  Check out our amazing menu on our website for brunch & dinner! :), http://www.extension.org/pages/67375/oyster-culture

For all your oyster nerds out there, check it out!, So Shrimpalicious... Come celebrate National Shrimp Day today with our Shrimp and Grits!, Who all will be joining us for National Shrimp Day on Friday for the freshest Shrimp in town?  Call today for a reservation (317) 955-2277!, null, Do you or someone you know have a Graduation coming up in May or June?  We are offering a 10% off discount to parties of 15 or more!  Make the day special and memorable with The Oceanaire Seafood Room & Contact Courtney for details at (317) 955-2277!, Come in and check out out fresh daily Skuna Bay Salmon!  Read all about it at www.skunasalmon.com.  An beautiful fish from a beautiful area!, Do you have your reservation made yet for our annual Mothers Day Brunch?  Check out our amazing menu online and call to make reservations today at (317) 955-2277!, The weekend is almost here!  Will we be seeing you this weekend at The Oceanaire??, We would like to thank everyone so much who participated in the Autism Society of Indiana Event last night!  THANK YOU to our sponsors (whose products we use every day) including: 

Skuna Bay www.skunasalmon.com 

Monarch Beverage www.monarch-beverage.com 

Fortune Fish Company www.fortunefishco.net 

K-Lu's Cuppycakes www.klucuppycakes.com 

Naked Cowboy Oysters www.blueislandoyster.com 

Also, thanks to all who came out to support this wonderful organization!  We had a wonderful time & hope you did too!, We are so looking forward to the Autism Society of Indiana Dinner TONIGHT at 6:30pm!  100% of the proceeds go to this amazing organization!  Check out their website!  
www.autismsocietyofindiana.org, Want to say a BIG Thank You to your Mom for Mother's Day?  It's that time of year (May 12th!) so make your reservations now!  Check out our menu for the day & call us (317) 955-2277!  We look forward to celebrating with you!, We have a few spots left for our Autism Awareness Dinner on Tuesday. Give us a call to secure a reservation. 
317-955-2277., Hey Boss,
We know your admins have worked hard all year.
Tomorrow is Admin Professionals Day.
Why not surprise them a day early and take them to lunch?
We'll let you take the credit.

- Oceanaire, Case of the Mondays?  It's a BEAUTIFUL day so we would LOVE to see you here tonight!  Come in for fresh oysters and a glass of Stags Leap Hands of Time Chardonnay!, Join us for Sunday $1 Oysters and the Freshest Seafood in Indy! Sounds like a perfect way to end the weekend., http://www.autismsocietyofindiana.org/#/oceanaire-autism-dinner/4575229940

Please feel free to call the restaurant anytime to make reservations for our Autism Awareness dinner. 317-955-2277. This is going to be a wonderful event for a wonderful cause., Now featured on our Lunch Menu Monday-Friday: Caprese Sandwich, Tomatoes & Marinated Mozzarella, basil & balsamic served with a house salad.  $10.95.  Beautiful and fresh as always!, null, When will you be coming in to have Indy's freshest seafood in town?  We've missed you and want to see you soon!, Halibut + You = Dinner Tonight., Hop on over and see us for Easter! Opening at noon, we will feature a chef’s selection of brunch specialties and full dinner menu., Come in and see us today!, Celebrate National Baked Scallops Day with our Sea Scallops. Available simply grilled or broiled, or in one of our chef’s amazing and mouthwatering specials., Your Sunday plans: $1 Oysters. Every Sunday in the Oceanaire bar.

*Excludes holidays., We know what sounds good tonight: Stag's Leap Wine Cellars 2010 Hands of Time, now at Oceanaire for $14 per glass, or $55 per bottle!, Get your fish on tonight., Ecuadorian Mahi-Mahi with scallop-saffron terrine and lemon caper aioli., Did you know today is National Baked Alaska Day? We're celebrating by giving you half off this dessert with purchase of entrée. 
 
*One per table. As supplies last. Available ONLY Feb. 1, 2013 from 5 p.m. - close in the dining room area., What are you doing tomorrow? We know, coming in to see us for National Baked Alaska Day! Half off with purchase of entrée. 

*One per table. As supplies last. Available ONLY Feb. 1, 2013 from 5 p.m. - close in the dining room area., We like to celebrate National Baked Alaska Day in style – half off this delectable dessert with a purchase of entrée! 

*One per table. As supplies last. Available ONLY Feb. 1, 2013 from 5 p.m. - close in the dining room area., What happens when we age whiskey ourselves, a new Barrel-Aged Manhattan..., Warm up for National New England Clam Chowder Day!, LET IT BEGIN!!!, Check out Chef Mark Marlar talking Devour Downtown that starts Monday!
http://www.wthr.com/video?autoStart=true&topVideoCatNo=default&clipId=8205963, This "Angry" Lobster Tail isn't scaring me....it's making me hungry....how about you?, Today is International Hot & Spicy Food Day - celebrate accordingly. 

You'll get your kick with Jalapeño, Sambal Chile Paste and Sriracha at Oceanaire., Lettuce show you how much we love our BLT Salad., So many choices, so many flavor explosions., Its coming...  Jan 21-Feb3rd., A Bloody Mary is just what you need today. Happy New Year!, Maine Diver Scallops w/andouille sausage, red beans, creole meunière & a soft poached egg., BLiS smoked salmon caviar w/creme frachie, crepes & dill., Hamachi Sashimi w/grapefruit, cilantro & soy., Salt Cod Baccala w/avocado, blood oranges, red chili flakes & olive oil., Bay Scallops to begin our guests dinning evening.  Here comes our first wave!, We have a few spots open for New Years Eve, check out the special menu for tonight and call to reserve your table, 317-955-2277., 5,4,3,2,1.... we'd love to see you for New Year's Eve!, Do we have to choose just one?, Let the Holiday spirit continue. Starting today through Sunday 12/30/12 - Savor our Chef's Select Oysters for just a buck a piece. $1 Oysters - (in the bar area only.) Come on in and enjoy., Steak + Shrimp = a balanced diet on two forks., Lobster Mac N Cheese Oceanaire style!, We have great Legs., Who wants a Snapper?, Come join us at The Oceanaire Seafood Room on Saturday December 15th... We are opening our doors early at 4:30pm, due to high demand of fantastic seafood and ambiance! Call us at (317) 955-2277 to make your reservation., Dear Monday:
We are breaking up with you.
It's not me, it's you.
We are leaving you for Shrimp and Grits.
Sincerely, Oceanaire., Kaylee and a 90# wheel of Florida Pumpkin Swordfish., We know you'd love a free appetizer at Oceanaire.

Enter to win: http://bit.ly/TwS44d, Life is short. Eat dessert first., A small army of dungeness crabs just walked through the back door., Mike Mcgee inspecting his Misty Point Oysters at Popes Bay in Chincoteagua Va. These oysters have a great sweet and salty balance., Everyone likes Kumamotos., Amazing rewards to take advantage of!!!, This holiday we recommend you give and receive!, Who wants some Opakapaka?, Black Friday???  More like Oyster Friday!, Foca and Fern are really excited about this Wahoo., Tonight's oyster list is looking pretty strong., Justin Winery Dinner 5th Course- Capriole Farms Goat Cheese Soufflé with Druken Fig Compote paired with Justin Obtuse 2010 Paso Robles., Justin Winery Dinner 4th Course-Seared Maine Scallops & Short Ribs with House Made Ricotta, Beasley's Orchard Pumpkin Sage paired with Justin Isosceles 2009, Justin Winery Dinner 3rd Course- Roasted Rhode Island Monkfish Osso Bucco w/braised pork cheeks, root vegetable & Demi Glace paired with Justin Cabernet 2010 Paso Robles., Justin Winery Dinner 2nd Course- Salt Cod Baccala w/ shaved fennel, oranges, red pepper flakes & avocado paired w/ Justin Chardonnay., Justin Winery Dinner-1st Course of Beausoleil Oysters with Blis Steelhead Roe paired with Justin Sauvignon Blanc, Its PUMPKIN flavored!!!, Lets finish National Seafood Month strong with LOBSTER TAILS!, I think today is a perfect day to get $1 Oysters!!!, null, its that time of year...  COME AND GET IT!!!, null, *** Justin Wine Dinner on Tuesday, November 6th, 2012 ***
Come join us for a very special evening. Contact a manager at (317) 955-2277 to make a reservation. See our Events Page for more information.

Extra special menu from Executive Chef Marlar:
First Course:
Simpson Bay Alaska Oysters with Siberian Caviar
(Sauvignon Blanc, 2011 Paso Robles)
Second Course:
Salt Cod Baccala with Shaved Fennel, Blood Oranges, Red Pepper Flakes and Avocado
(Chardonnay, 2011 Central Coast)
Third Course: 
Roasted Rhode Island Monkfish Osso Bucco with Braised Pork Cheeks, Root Vegetable Au Gratin and Demi Glace
(Cabernet Sauvignon, 2010 Paso Robles)
Fourth Course:
Seared Maine Scallops & Short Rib Raviolis with House Made Ricotta, Waterman's Pumpkin and Sage
(Isosceles, 2009 Paso Robles)
Finale:
Capriole Farms Goat Cheese Souffle with Drunken Fig Compote
(Obtuse, 2009 Paso Robles), Fresh Alaskan Red King Crab Legs will be here October 18th straight from the FV Aleutian Mariner. Better Hurry., In honor of James Bond's 50th anniversary, we are offering our James Bond Martini for only $7 today! The offer is available in the bar and the dining room! See you soon!, Only about 5000 of these Belon oysters are harvested each year making them one of the rarest oysters. They will be here Friday morning waiting for you., OCTOBER IS NATIONAL SEAFOOD MONTH!, We have a few more open spots for Thursday nights Champagne dinner.  Its 5 courses for $75 dollars at 6:30 pm.  Great food and some great brands for the dinner, Moet, Veuve and more!, http://www.yelp.com/biz/yelp-indy-elite-oyster-101-at-oceanaire-seafood-room-indianapolis?sort_by=date_desc, Oceanaire opens at 4pm tomorrow for Colts Game Day! Take advantage of $1 oysters at the bar and 3 courses for $30 on Sundays!!!, Go to our Events page and make your reservation for our gorgeous Sparkling Wine Dinner on September 27th! Take a look at the amazing menu that Chef Marlar created..., null, Take part in a great cause and win an overnight stay at Westin Hotels & Resorts and dinner The Oceanaire Seafood Room - Indianapolis., http://blogs.indystar.com/philb/2012/09/12/beat-phil-b-and-win-colts-ticket-package/, We never forget., We are now taking reservations for our oyster 101 dinner with special guest Tim Parsons from Chincoteague Shellfish Farms. Four courses paired with wine for $35 per person.
http://www.littleneck.com/, Welcome CEDIA. Crabcakes anyone?, Sunday is FUNDAY here at The Oceanaire...  join us for $1 oysters at the bar and 3 courses for $30 every sunday!!!!, Join us on Labor Day, Happy National Cabernet Day!! Watch our General Manager on Fox news (from this morning) talk about food/wine pairings and the significance of Cabernet.

ALSO, $10 glasses of Stag's Leap Cabernet from 5:00pm to close TONIGHT (bar area only). What a fantastic deal for an amazing wine!, Join us Thursday August 30th for a glass of Cabernet!, null, This Sunday at Dig In we will be serving fish tacos with homemade kimchee. Hope to see you there.

http://digindiana.org/, Rappahannock Oysters out of Virginia with Finger Lime Caviar, We will have more of these beautiful oysters from Simpson Bay Alaska on Thursday., http://youtu.be/QzIpPcu34-E, We are going to have some of the best oysters in the world delivered on Thursday. Simpson Bay Alaska in located near the Kenai Peninsula and has beautiful ice cold water perfect for raising oysters., OYSTER DAY!, null, Devour Downtown starts Monday!!  www.devourdowntown.org, We're looking forward to supporting Riley Kids at the Westin tonight!  Check out these great Race For Riley Events to support Riley Hospital., Beat the heat with our Cool Deal - 12 freshly shucked cold water oysters with a bottle of crisp, cold Kim Crawford Sauvignon Blanc for only $39. Come chill with us!, FLUKE CRUDO... Finger Limes, Plantains & Poblano Emulsion, Chef Neil is putting something together with these amazing finger limes for tonight!, We have some in house tonight...  caviar of citrus!, Beat the heat with our Cool Deal- 12 freshly shucked cold water oysters with a bottle of crisp, cold Kim Crawford Sauvignon Blanc for only $39. Come chill with us!, You cant get foie gras in California but we are happy to have it here in Indy., Vote today. :), BRING IT ON., Oh yea its happening., We dont know what your doing tonight but we know what we are diong., Make your special occasion even more special!  Now booking Birthday and Anniversary Dinners, Graduations, Retirement Parties, you name it!  Whatever your special occasion may be... we're here to help!  Call us 317-955-2277, Continued from yesterday's post... what is your favorite dish at The Oceanaire? Give some love to Chef Marlar! :), We would LOVE feedback from all our friends! 
What type of fish would you love to see at The Oceanaire? Or, if we have your favorite already, what is it?, Gorgeous summer Sunday at The Oceanaire! Come and enjoy some fresh shucked oysters, daily flown in seafood, or even just a specialty cocktail. And then go take a stroll downtown... it's amazing weather today!, The best summer deal around is our Kim Crawford promotion- a bottle of crisp, cold Kim Crawford Sauvignon Blanc and a DOZEN freshly shucked chef's choice oysters for only $39 any time we are open. Limited time offer, so hurry in for this delicious deal!, You add the caption., Scallop Lovers take a look at the size of this shell!  Just in from Massachusetts - Beautiful Martha's Vineyard Scallops!  Yum! 317-955-2277 for reservations., Our butcher "Foca" shuckin away., Today is National Lobster Day!!  To help you celebrate and cool off from the hot summer heat, Chef has created this one-of-a-kind Lobster Salad you won't find anywhere else!  Maine Lobster, Napa Cabbage, Cilantro, Chillies, Soy and Citrus.  So beautiful, so refreshing.  It doesn't get any better than this..., Summer is in full swing!  Visit The Oceanaire to enjoy a perfect seafood dinner before the big game, a concert on the lawn or just a relaxing night enjoying all of what downtown Indy has to offer!  We look forward to seeing you soon!, Give Dad a treat this Sunday...  reservations still available..., The Perfect Pairing..., Need to relax after a hard day?  Come enjoy Happy Hour with us!  Why not?!http://theoceanaire.com/pdf/menus/indianapolis/Indy_HappyHour_Menu.pdf, fisnished product with our tasty scallops., Ultrafresh seafood and we make our own pasta for our specials.  Mom'ma Santos making it extra special tonight., Learn a new salmon recipe with Chef Neil Andrews on Fox 59!, What a wonderful 500 Weekend we had here at The Oceanaire!  Thank you to everyone who decided to spend it with us!  We are extremely grateful to all of our guests and truly hope you had a wonderful and safe 500 and Memorial Weekend!  Let's keep up the good times this summer!  Don't forget about our $1.00 
Oyster Special on Sundays and Happy Hour specials, Monday - Friday 4pm - 7pm in the bar!
http://theoceanaire.com/Locations/Indianapolis/OurMenu.aspx, Still accepting reservations for 500 weekend.  Give us a call 317-955-2277.  We can't wait to see you!, Gumball 3000 to hit Indy only a block away from The Oceanaire!  Have dinner at Oceanaire and head to the circle to check out some of the most luxurious cars on the market.  They are anticipating arrival at Monument Circle between 5-9pm Saturday night.  http://www.gumball3000.com/info/press, Do you have your reservation for Race Weekend?!  Give us a call 317-955-2277!, Congratulate your Graduate (say that 3 times fast) in style at The Oceanaire., Welcome to the weekend!!  Do it Best is in town and with plenty going on here, downtown is the place to be!  Come have dinner with us and head out on the town to enjoy this beautiful weather and the many activities downtown has to offer!  Check out this link for free events downtown http://visitindy.com/indianapolis-events-free-events, null, The Party is coming to Indianapolis May 16th - Join us for this Rioja Event, Thank you to all of our regular visitors and guests from the American Coatings Show and Conference!  What a great week we've had here!  We're planning on a great weekend as well.  Join us!, There's still time... reservations available..., Join us for a night of grazing on some great Spanish appetizers paired with wine., new juice in house!, Great event at The Tobias House...  Maryland Style Crab Cakes were immensely popular and enjoyed by many appreciative guests tonight! Great seeing everyone that attended and looking forward in seeing you again at the restaurant soon :), Come Celebrate Mother's Day  -  Sunday May 13th, Thank you to all the firefighters and everyone who made last week so successful for downtown Indy!   We have some wonderful specials this week including our Skuna Bay dinner on Wednesday.  Don't miss a thing!   Make your reservations today!, We have some amazing wines paired with this dinner event! Call to RSVP a spot today, 317-955-2277., Join us for a very special Easter Sunday., April 25th is Administrative Professionals Week!  Celebrate your administrative professionals by taking them to The Oceanaire!  We are hosting a $30 three course luncheon featuring Skuna Bay Salmon.  http://www.skunasalmon.com/salmon, null, Soft Shell Crab! Tempura battered and fried, served with some pork belly, napa cabbage, soy-molasses and sriracha!, Soft shell crab season is open and the first shipment is due in on Thursday., Eduardo loves all fish but is especially proud to have this Ivory King Salmon from Sitka Alaska., The breakfast of champions. House cured Skuna Bay Salmon with a poached egg, capers and toasted ciabatta., We should have some Halibut T-Bones Saturday night! Call to confirm., Chef Mark has some Halibut Cheeks coming in Friday, they will go fast! Get in here and get 'em asap., We will be featuring this yummy gem at $65 a bottle until the end of April.  , Skuna Bay Salmon is in the house!  Thank you Fortune Fish!, Wooooooohoooooooooo Alaskan Halibut season opens tomorrow., Oceanaire Indy will be the first in the midwest to have this fantastic fish. It will hit the menu on Monday and we can't wait.

http://www.skunasalmon.com/our-story, null, Peyton you sir were always a great guy in our restaurant and terrific with the fans that interacted with you.  Yes you were our QB of the Colts and we labeled you a VIP, but nobody deserved it more.  Thanks for everything you have done for Indy., null, Big 10 Men's Basketball Tournament is now happening downtown!  Stop by for dinner or just to enjoy a few appetizers at our Fresh Raw Bar before the games!, Welcome back boys., we look forward to it., Oyster lovers we have a great opportunity for you.  A Half Dozen chef selected oysters and a choice of a bottle of wine between the Sea Glass Sauvignon Blanc or Nine Vines Moscato.  We are calling it the "Sweet And Savory" oyster special.  Come in and enjoy!!!, Happy Leap Day Friends!, Come unwind at The Oceanaire with one of our specialty cocktails like the Au Kurant Affair.  Absolut Kurant Vodka, Triple Sec, cranberry and fresh lime... Yum!, Come enjoy a Leap Year lunch or dinner at The Oceanaire! Fresh seafood sounds like a great way to end the month of February!, Andrew is so excited about these whole Maryland Black Bass he can hardly contain himself., We like to think we are a great experience, we are glad others agree!, Indy Private Dining, We are excited to welcome the NFL Scouting Combine to downtown Indianapolis February 22nd through the 28th!, Best Place for Dinner Meeting, yup. Best Bacon, OF COURSE!  Dealer Expo we are here for you to enjoy!, You wont find this anywhere else in Indy tonight., These Conger eels are going to be a fantastic addition to tonights menu., Ok @oceanaire_indy fans, we will be open for lunch 11am-4pm on Saturday and Sunday of #SB46 weekend. We will be serving dinner from 4pm to midnight all weekend!!!, The Oceanaire Seafood Room is ready for the Superbowl week! Contrary to any rumors, we haven't raised our prices, do not require any financial minimums for a table, and will be providing the fantastic service we've always been known for.  We value our guests and only wish to share The Oceanaire experience and represent the city of Indianapolis with local and traveling guests alike! 

Make your reservations now, definitely suggested for Thursday-Sunday. (317) 955-2277. We're open for lunch during the week AND on Saturday and Sunday too!, The Oceanaire has a couple of big boys in house, come and get them!!!  Who wants the 6Ib'er and who wants the 5Ib'er?!?!?!?!, This will be one of our five wines paired with Chef Marks amazing wine dinner on 1/25/12.  Call for reservations today 317-496-2767!!!, Come join us on Jan 25th for an amazing 5 course wine dinner with Stags Leap Wine Cellars!  We even have an amazing opportunity to show case a tribute wine for this event built in a bordeaux style called "Hands of Time".  Chef Mark is putting together the finest menu we have done for our wine events! Call to make reservations, seats are limited 317-955-2277., Devour Downtown in full effect...  How about when you come in on Sunday, $1 oysters at the bar and then off to the dining room for 3 courses for $30?!?!?!?!  Living the dream at The Oceanaire!, check us out., Make your reservations today!!!!, DON'T FORGET...  $1 oysters at the bar on Sundays!!!, We still have some reservations available for tomorrow (Jan. 5th) night's Taste of NFL wine dinner. It starts at 6:00pm and is only $75 per guest. Proceeds go towards Gleaner's Food Bank to help the fight against hunger! Call 955-2277 to make your reservations!, null, We still have a few reservations left for New Years Eve! Call and make your reservations today, 317-955-2277., Thursday, January 5th, 2012 at 6:00pm: 
Please join us to be a part of the Wine Dinner series to help kick hunger! Proceeds to benefit the Gleaner's Food Bank. 
The Executive Chef has created an amazing $75 menu.
Make your reservations today!, Always nice to see us on top., We are open for dinner at 4pm today for dinner for the Colts home game tonight vs Houston.  Come in for a terrific dinner and then go support our boys in blue., Yes we're open Christmas Eve.  Reservations still available.  Bring in your family for a very special Christmas Eve dinner, Oysters, Caviar, Sashimi, Octopus, Lobster Tail, Filet Mignon, Veal, Clam Chowder and Jumbo Lump Crab Cakes!! Just a FEW of the amazing treats that Chef Marlar has in store for our New Year's Eve guests. The Oceanaire is the place for dinner-- make your reservations now!, Seared John Dory, Foie Gras, Leek Risotto & Pomegranate Molasses., Its time to start thinking about New Years Eve reservations! Take a look at our special menu for that night only, the Chefs will be working hard all week to put together a terrific evening for you and yours! Call to RSVP 317-955-2277, Garlic Pulpo., Come get your crab legs tonight! We open at 4pm., The Oceanaire is open at 4pm today to give you football fans a chance to join us for dinner before the Big Ten Championship game tonight!, Did you know that your Oceanaire gift card can be used at any of the 300 Landry’s, Inc. properties nationwide?  Our gift cards are good for restaurant, retail and even hotel stays! Visit www.landrysinc.com for details., Coming to a plate near you..., Just Arrived!  King Salmon from British Columbia, Diver Caught California Sea Urchin., I think somebody is having a great time at The Oceanaire!!!, null, Happy Veteran's Day! Thank you for all those who do and have served our country, we are forever gratefull!, Grilled Branzino with Artichokes, Fingerling Potatoes & Lemon-Champagne Vinaigrette., Orientation on some new recruits...  welcome aboard boys!, Poor mans lobster., Theres a crab boil going down tonight at 30 South Meridian and you are all invited., Mmmmmmmmm., Happy Halloween from The Oceanaire Seafood Room! Have a safe and fun holiday!, its $1 oyster Sunday! COME AND GET 'EM!!!!, Staff meal., Two words. Fresh Crab., Fresh Alaskan King Crab from the fishing vessel Trailblazer just arrived., Sometimes the best dishes dont make the menu like todays staff meal., FRESH Alaskan King Crab will be here Wednesday. Yeah., Get them while you can!, Pumpkin Swordfish is back! So delicious, and so waiting for you here., What a terrible tragedy...  Dan Wheldon we had the pleasure of your company more than a few times in our dining room and you were always gracious and charming.  All of us at The Oceanaire extend our thoughts and prayers to your family and friends and hope they too know that we feel this loss.  Truly a sad day., Our California Corvina is being paired with some beautiful Baja Sea Urchin tonight., 14 varieties to choose from tonight. Check out the menu at www.theoceanaire.com, null, #DoItBest Saturday!!!!  come on in!, Tilefish is one very unique looking fish., Look whos back. Some beautiful Yelloweye Snapper., See you Sunday!, The dinner bell has been rung., As we end our lovely September.... it's definitely time to celebrate the amazing month of October! Make your reservations for this weekend with a loved one, friends, and/or family!!! The Chef has some INCREDIBLE specialty items on the menu... you won't want to miss out! Oceanaire is celebrating October -- so should you!!!! (any excuse to celebrate is rational right?) 

Even better, go try the Wine Festival on Friday or Saturday (Groupon has some really great deals for tickets), and then come on to The Oceanaire so we may show you even more AMAZING wines paired with delectable food, all brought together by the lux atmosphere and terrifically expert service.

Seriously, it's time to see all your faces this weekend or next. Make it happen :), Sorry if you missed out on the Chicken Fried Alaskan Halibut Cheeks with Herb Waffles and Bacon. Maybe next time., Open at 4pm for food and drink!!!  Lets go Horse!!!, Whole Fried Lake Erie Walleye with Hand Cut Fries and House Tartar Sauce., Me and the boys with the fish so nice they named it twice., The Oceanaire will be open at 4pm for dinner service for every Colts home game!  Its a great opportunity to take advantage of $1 oysters at the bar on Sundays!!!, There here., Welcome #ExactTarget, Three words. Pumpkin Swordfish Friday, My man Fernando with a 50# hand caught Swordfish out of Florida., Halibut T-Bone Black & Blue is always a good idea., Scallops from Friday night!, after watching...  you are now ready to bellly up to the oyster bar!, Have you made your #DevourDowntown reservation yet?  Only four more days left!, Lets represent fans!, null, check it out., Starting Monday - Devour Downtown!  Make your reservations early..., Eat, Drink and Be Generous this summer!  MasterCard will donate a penny up to $4 million to Stand Up To Cancer every time you use your MasterCard when eating out at The Oceanaire Seafood Room now through September 1. Every penny counts in the fight against cancer., These Yelloweye Snapper are on the way to the restaurant and will be in the house for dinner Tuesday night!, Its, Its, Its Opah!, This Halibut has gone Southwest with a Red Chili Mole, Roasted Corn Fritters and Queso. Yeehaw., Come in and enjoy a bottle Kim Crawford Savignon Blanc and a dozen oysters for only $36.95., Ivory Char is in the house! As Trigg would say "Get Some.", Win Big in Landry's Select Club "Summer Sweepstakes!", It's the start of a Holiday weekend. You know what that means - Happy Hour!, VOTE., A Couple of beautiful Strawberry Grouper out of the Eastern Indian Ocean. Just thought we would share in case you cant make it tonight., You know it's going to be a good day when a package like this shows up at your backdoor., Kajiki Sashimi compliments of Hawaii., If you haven't joined up, check out the rewards., Mark was able to aquire some amazing Sockeye Salmon from Resurrection Bay in Alaska., What do you get the Man who has everything? - How about a fabulous meal on his Special Day!, It's on - Come in and enjoy a dozen fresh oysters on the half shell paired with a bottle of Kim Crawford Sauvignon Blanc for just $36.95. It's the perfect pairing!, Copper River King Salmon will be here around 4:oo Wednesday afternoon. Cant wait., Hama Hama oysters with a strawberry mignonette., Zoobilation!  Best Of The Best., $5 Fish Tacos, $6 Oceanaire Burger Bites, $7 Shrimp & Grits, $8 Crab Cake Bites - Oceanaire Happy Hour sounds App-tastic!  M-F 4-7pm in the bar., Oceanaire will be at Zoobilation tonight with 1200 of these babies see you there., No need for words., Finally, a reason to look forward to Sunday nights!, Tonights menu is loaded with great items Alaskan Halibut, Tiger Prawns, Alaskan Ivory King Salmon, California Corvina, Mayrland Soft Shell Crabs and Copper River Sockeye Salmon!!!, #Indy 500 weekend is here!, These Oregon Blue Foot mushrooms are going to pair nicely with some Ivory King Salmon., Lobster tank is full. Today is going to be a good day., Alaska’s summer salmon season kicked off earlier this week...
Watch Oceanaire's V.P. of Culinary, Chef @Wade Wiestling on Nick Stellino's "Cooking with Friends" program - Preparing Wild Alaskan Sockeye Salmon with Hot Chili Oil and Mango Salsa, just in time for grilling season!, Fried soft shell crabs will be making an appearance Thursday night., If all works out as planned we will have the First Of The Season Copper River Sockeye Salmon on Thursday., Soft Shell Crab Po Boy? Awesome., ITS COPPER RIVER SALMON SEASON STARTING MAY 16th!  We will do our best to get some in...  its coming..., Still looking for that perfect place to host your Graduation Party?  Look no further..., From the icy waters of British Columbia these sweet Spot Prawns are quite a treat., Seared Diver Scallops with Shrimp Dumplings and Coconut Tom Yum. Um.... ok., Better make a reservation for Wednesday night if you want a Black and Blue Halibut T-Bone., From a recent guest: "INCREDIBLE dinner at The Oceanaire!! Fried Calamari, Tuna Sashimi, King Salmon with Curry Coconut Sauce.... even the bread and salad were amazing! All with incredible wine, picked by our fabulooouus server, Lane Lyday. THANK YOU OCEANAIRE!!! ", Snapper Invasion., Mothers Day hours are Noon to 9pm on Sunday! Come in and enjoy some brunch options in addition to the menu with mom!!!, Dear Florida, Thank you for making Yellow Tail Snapper., Spring has sprung., If youre looking for the Mothers Day Menu...  here ya go.  We open at noon with some brunch options available., A great article for those that want to take advantage of our oyster promotion and try oysters for the first time., OYSTERS AT THE BAR THE 25TH OF APRIL THROUGH THE 28TH FOR $1!  COME ONE COME ALL AND TAKE ADVANTAGE OF THIS GREAT OPPORTUNITY!!!, Trust me you want one., $1 dollar oysters at the bar only Mon. April 25th-Thursday April 28th., Join us for Easter on Sunday! We will have special hours, we are open from noon until 9pm!, Come join us 4-7 in the bar for our new bar menu!, Our butcher Eduardo aka "The Walrus" loves Grouper., Spanish Sardines the size of a Great White!, House Cured Salmon with a Poached Egg, Dill, Red Onion and Ricotta. Check out the menu online at www.theoceanaire.com., Bring it home tonight boys!!!, Our butcher Eduardo pulling the collar off of a Hawaiian Hamaci. Its a beautiful thing., These Belon oysters are originally from France but are now wild caught in Maine and are amaizing!, The Marriott just sent us these amazing flowers, thank you Sandra Hursh.  What an amazing gesture to thank us for taking such good care of their guests.  We greatly appreciate them and love that your guests have enjoyed themselves at our restaurant.  Thank you for making your guests our guests!, What the....... Awesome!, Halibut T-Bone "Black & Blu" on the menu tonight...  is your mouth watering yet?, null, Now this is how you celebrate a special occasion!, These British Columbian King Salmon are going to go great with some crispy pork, sweet spring peas and maderia., A couple whole 35# Wild Alaskan Halibut just arrived. I see Halibut T-Bones making the menu tonight., Seared Diver Scallops with Handmade Fettuccini, Ricotta cheese and Watercress. Antonio can roll pasta like a true Italian. Thanks., Beautiful snow white halibut just came in from the icy waters of Nova Scotia. Can't wait to cook some., Executive Chef Mark Marlar putting on a cooking exibition., Ahhhh....Kumamoto Oysters., Hope you catch Richard Edwards on Fox 59 at 10:00., Foca & Fern holding some gorgeous Ivory King Salmons out of Sitka Alaska., Special on the Menu Tonight!

PAN-SEARED OREGON ROCKFISH
Horseradish Brown Butter, Beet Puree
Bacon Wilted Spinach, Special on the Menu Tonight:

WHOLE FRIED MARYLAND BLACK BASS
Napa Cabbage, Cilantro and Radishes
Red Chili Glaze, Special on the Menu Tonight!

Grilled 10 oz. Lobster Canadian Lobster Tail 
Herring Botarga, Spinach and Meyer Lemon Spinach

See you tonight!, null, Choose The Oceanaire as Best Restaurant of Indianapolis! Let us know that you have supported and voted for us!, Steamed Clams with House Duck Bacon and Baby Squid with Toasted Sourdough!

How could you possibly resist an appetizer like that-- see you tonight!, If you need a last minute reservation for Valentine's Day, come to The Oceanaire tonight! Dinner starts at 4:00pm and we have a fantastic and romantic setting available for you and your loved one!, RARE Menu Find in Indianapolis Available at The Oceanaire NOW!

NOVA SCOTIAN HALIBUT
Garam Masala, Steamed Baby Bok Choy
Red Rooster Sauce

Unbelievably delicious entree!, So who think this sounds mighty tasty!??

Cup of New England Clam Chowder... then Ecuadorian Mahi Mahi Oscar, with Lump Crab, Asparagus, and Sauce Bearnaise... and finish the meal with Toffee Bread Pudding!, Special on the Menu Tonight!

GRILLED NEW ZEALAND KING SALMON
Smokey Bacon, Red Onion and Lyonnaise Potatoes

What a great way to spend an evening!, A blogger that quickly becomes a fan., null, Make your reservations now for Valentine's Day! The Chef has created an AMAZING four course menu for the evening, priced at $85 per person. What a way to celebrate Valentine's Day!, All Hail the King!

Alaskan King Crab  is available in 1.5 - 3.0 LB clusters and can be cracked and served table side at your request. Caught exclusively for The Oceanaire in the icy cold waters of the Bering Sea, we are proud to support and present Alaska Seafood to all of our guests!

Make your reservation this week to enjoy!, WHOLE DUNGENESS CRAB on the Menu Tonight... Scrumptious, sweet, mild and slightly nutty taste with tender texture. Yum!, Come in tonight for some Pan Seared Bay Scallops with house cured herring roe, hand made pasta, parmesan and cracked black pepper., It's the last weekend in January-- which means... Come to The Oceanaire for dinner this weekend (any excuse is a good excuse right?!) The Executive Chef has some amazing specials on the menu this weekend, so come in and enjoy!, Join us on Valentine's Day-- Nothing more romantic than sitting in a gorgeous Brazilian Cherry and White Linen restaurant, sipping on champagne and wine, and eating glorious food! Check out this amazing menu!!!!!, Start the week of right and come to The Oceanaire and enjoy our $30 three course Devour Downtown Menu!, null, Our butcher "Foca" with a beautiful Florida Golden Tilefish., On the menu tonight!

"DIRTY" BONE-IN SKATE WING
Andouille Sausage with Creole Meuniere

Yum!, ITS BBAAACCCCCKKKKKKKK!!!!!  Join us for Devour Downton 1/24-2/5 for a 3 course menu with options for $30., Triggerfish from the Florida Keys, California Halibut and Florida Pompano all coming in tomorrow. I'm guessing the menu will be quite unique., January 20th, Thursday : MARK YOUR CALENDARS!

The Oceanaire is hosting an amazing Wine Dinner with Argyle Winery... FIVE COURSE dinner for only $65! Call or email to make your reservations-- You won't want to miss this!!!, ON THE MENU TONIGHT:

NEW BEDFORD, MASS. DIVER SCALLOPS
Fried Razor Clams, Napa Cabbage Salad
Red Chili Glaze, Only two days away!!! COLTS SATURDAY!!! Come to The Oceanaire-- we're opening early at 4:00pm, so come watch the game and enjoy fantastic seafood, steak and wine!, Special on the Menu!

AMERICAN RED SNAPPER -- Coconut Lakasa, Daikon Radish and Lotus Root.

Absolutely delicious... see you tonight!, Colts and Jets battle it out this Saturday-- and The Oceanaire is supporting the home team! Restaurant will open early (4:00pm), so come support the home team and enjoy an amazing meal at the same time!, Thursday is the last day to come in and knock back some $1 oysters. Available all day at the bar., No Oyster stuffing for the Holidays?  There's still time to stuff yourself with Oysters.  All day, at the bar - Only $1 a piece!  Now thru Thursday!, Need a last minute gift for someone? Get them an Oceanaire Gift Card!

And even better, if you purchase a gift card before December 25th, you will receive a $10 rewards card for every $50 you purchase! See details below!, Such an amazing treat on the menu tonight:

Laughing Bird Fresh Shrimp with Garlic, Serrano Chilies and Basil.

This deep and vibrant red shrimp is all natural and NEVER frozen... harvested off the coast of Belize. Known to be some of the best tasting shrimp in the world! Come and enjoy!, Ever wish you could join us for lunch on a Saturday? Wish granted! We are opening for lunch Saturday the 18th (tomorrow) at 11:00am.

Come to The Oceanaire if you are downtown shopping or going to the theatre. We look forward to seeing you!, Come Celebrate New Years Eve at The Oceanaire! Bring all your friends or that special someone and ring in the new year the right way!, Special on the Menu tonight at The Oceanaire!

COCQUILLES ST. JACQUES
Bay Scallops, Gruyere and Mushrooms with Duchess Potatoes.

Wow! Stop on by for this delicious treat!, The Oceanaire will be open for lunch this Saturday the 18th!  Take advantage if you are out and about, if its shopping or if your a theater buff we will be here for a terrific lunch!  Dinner starts at 4pm!, Special on The Oceanaire Menu Tonight: PUMPKIN SWORDFISH with Hazelnut Beurre Noisette. Delicious!, Stop on by for lunch today--- a quick walk in this winter wonderland for those of you who work downtown!, Make your reservations now so you may partake in this fantastic four course meal, specially created for New Year's Eve... End year 2010 the right way!

 http://www.theoceanaire.com/menus/Indy/Indy_SpecialEvent_Menu.pdf, At Oceanaire - "Oyster stuffing" means stuffing yourself with oysters., Holiday Gifts Cards--what a great idea for a gift!! We've made gift cards even better: For every $50 in gift cards, receive your OWN $10 rewards card!, Come join us for lunch... we would love to help your work day go by faster!, Chestnuts roasting on an open fire....

Actually, Glazed Chestnuts and Caramelized Apples on Ecuadorian Mahi-Mahi... Even better!!

Who should we expect to see at The Oceanaire tonight?, Going downtown to do some holiday shopping? Come to The Oceanaire for some pre-shopping lunch or relaxing post-shopping dinner! We are ready to help take the stress out of shopping:), If you're heading to the Symphony, make a special night of it with a dinner at The Oceanaire. We are decorated for the holidays and ready to celebrate with you!, Come in before the game Sunday for dinner!  We are opening at 4pm., If you are tired of cooking for Thanksgiving and want to come down for the Circle of Lights on Friday, join us for dinner and leave the cooking up to us!, Colts Home Game this Sunday-- The Oceanaire is opening early (4:00pm). Come in and see the Colts beat the Chargers!, Holiday Gifts Cards--what a great idea for a gift!! We've made gift cards even better: For every $50 in gift cards, receive your OWN $10 rewards card!, Gulf Redfish On the Half Shell... Bacon, Garlic, Chilies and Basil. PERFECT end to a Thursday!, Scottish King Salmon... Roasted Fingerling Potatoes, Mushrooms and Bacon. Delicious!, Florida Pumpkin Swordfish... Crispy Sweet Breads and Whipped Parsnips. Looking forward to serving this delicious fish tonight!, null, null, Pacific Northwest Razor Clams, steamed in fermented black bean-ginger sauce on the menu tonight!! This would definitely be an excellent evening to come in and enjoy an amazing meal!, Hand caught pumpkin sword out of Florida. It doesn' t get more sustainable than that., SPECIAL ON THE MENU TONIGHT: Creole Florida Redfish... Garlic, Chilies, Basil and Andouille Sausage--Sauce Meuniere with House Remoulade! 

Wow-- doesn't that sound amazing... what time should we expect to see you tonight?, Reminder to our friends: The Oceanaire has amazing cocktails and wine! :)



Come in to the bar area if you're not in the mood for an entire dinner, and enjoy one of our Signature Cocktails or one of our exquisite wines, served by one of our amazing Bartenders!, House cured Pumpkin Swordfish belly. Cured the same way you would cure pork pancetta. Sliced thin and served with toasted baguette and smoked salmon roe., Halibut Cheeks on the menu tonight... come in before the season ends!!!

Prepared tonight Picatta style -- yum!, To all our Fans, we have an amazing Oceanaire Rewards Program for you!

For every dollar you spend at The Oceanaire, you will receive a Reward Point. For each 250 Reward Points, you will receive $25 Reward, good at The Oceanaire!! There are other benefits and rewards for being part of the Rewards Program as well. 
Call or email oainevents@ldry.com for more information!, AMAZING DISH ALERT!

Whole Fried Belizean Red Snapper -- Chinese Sausage, Sweet Red Chili and Radish Sprouts. Wow! Serves two, so come in with your friend, loved one, family, or whoever you can find... you don't want to miss this!, This Pumpkin Swordfish was hand harpooned off the coast of Massachusetts and looks ridiculously good., Another picture of the delicious Pumpkin Swordfish, on the menu for Friday 10/15. Make sure to come in and have some!, The fall is prime time for Pumpkin Swordfish -- big ones with peak fat content after a summer of gorging on food off the Grand Banks of the Northeast! They get that pumpkin color from eating fire truck red shrimp off the bottom, which tints the fish's flesh as well as giving the fish a richer and sweeter taste. It is AMAZING and The Chef is bringing it to The Oceanaire in the next week! 

We will update this post when it arrives (so click on "like" so you can see the update immediately)., Here is the last question in today's trivia contest - Our other wine sponsor is Inniskillin - they are from what country?  Hint...The two sponsors are approx 7100 miles apart., Here it is - the 3rd question for today. Your chance to win 15% off our October Wine Dinner and a free bottle of wine if you attend . What is our Baked Stuffed Cod stuffed with? (Hint..., Want to come to our amazing Wine Dinner on October 21, for less? Here's your chance! We're giving away four 15% discounts for two and a free bottle of wine for answering our trivia questions correctly. Be the first to answer correctly on our Facebook wall and you'll get the prize!, Time to give another 15% discount and a free bottle of wine to you and a friend if you're the first to respond with the correct answer to this question - What city and country is Kim Crawford Wineries HQ located in?, Ok. Here's our first trivia question. Be the first to answer it correctly and we'll give you a 15% discount for two to our awesome wine dinner next week. Here it is: About how many pounds of grapes does it take to make a bottle of wine?, This Bluefin Tuna belly is marbled like a steak it is absolutly beautiful., It's a fantastic Friday at The Oceanaire. Come in for lunch (you deserve it!) or for dinner and enjoy the excellent food, service and ambiance!!! , Whole Red Snapper., GO COLTS! Home game this Sunday vs the Chiefs... so we're opening the doors early at 4:00pm -- come in and watch the game!, I don't know what these two clowns are doing with those Red Groupers but I like their style., The dark spot on a John Dory is said to be St. Peters thumbprint. I dont know about all that but tonight  you can get your Dory with slow cooked grapes and mint brown butter., Restaurant Business, a national publication recently highlighted our Halibut T-Bone. Here it is served "Black and Blue" with caramelized onions and blue cheese butter., Oysters from the East Coast, West Coast and British Columbia offered from our raw bar everyday all day., Wooooohoooo Pumpkin Swordfish from Ocean City Maryland., Our tribute to the Great Northwoods. Holland Sole Shore Lunch! Corn flake crusted with crispy potatoes, beurre blanc and capers., Our butcher Eduardo "The Walrus" holding a 25# King Salmon from The Klamath River in Oregon., Seared European Turbot served with house cured pancetta, roasted corn and golden chanterelle mushrooms. Bet you wish you were here., The Landry's Select Club is available now!! This is an amazing program where every dollar you spend, earns you one point. Every time you reach 250 points, you will be eligible for a $25 reward! Next time you come into The Oceanaire, ask your server and they will enroll you in the Landry's Select Club Membership quickly AND you will receive your points immediately! 

And look below for even ANOTHER reason to join!, Last of the season Alaskan Halibut Cheeks. Tonight we will be serving them pan seared "Picatta" with capers and pinenut gremolata., We just received some beautiful Cobia straight out of the crystal clear waters of Belize. Here it is seared with Wakame Salad, Wasabi Emulsin and Soy-Caramel.
Think about it!, Last of the season Softshell Crabs. Being served deep fried with noodles, cabbage, cilantro, radishes and a spicy peanut sauce. If you missed them dont worry they will be back next summer., First Regular Season Home Game for the COLTS... this Sunday!! Can't wait to see them play and WIN!

The Oceanaire Seafood Room Indianapolis will open early at 4:00pm, so come by and enjoy a beer while watching the game on the big screen!, Mitch looks a little scared of this beautiful lake trout. Its being potato crusted and served with preserved lemon, roasted garlic and spinach., This Nunuvut Char just came in and is beautiful. Its only available a few weeks a year due to its habitat being covered by ice for the majority of the year., null, null, Lobster, buccatini pasta, tomatoes, serrano chilies and mint. The serrano chilies and mint play harmoniously off the sweetness of the lobster., Whole Fried Costa Rican Lane Snapper. Where are you and why aren't you here?, null, Tuna on Tuesdays! Fresh AND Refreshing... especially for a hot day like this one! Served with Wasabi, Ginger and Soy, the Yellowfin Ahi Tuna will make an amazing Tuesday!, Tell us about your favorite experience at The Oceanaire (favorite Server, Bartender, and/or specific day or evening you dined with us) We want to know!!!, Motorcycles on Meridian! It's a great time to come downtown-- come enjoy a dinner at The Oceanaire, and then step out front to see the spectacular showing of motorcycles... Tonight and tomorrow night!, Our own Executive Chef Ryan Nelson featured on WTHR in Angela Cain's story about this Sunday's:  Dig IN - A taste of Indiana, Hawaiian Marlin Louie is on the menu tonight! Topped with Jumbo Lump Crab and Beurre Blanc, it makes for an AMAZING dinner... especially accompanied with Steamed Asparagus and Cheesy Au Gratin Potatoes!, Planning a special occasion? Or is your company planning a business event? The Oceanaire Seafood Room accommodates events with flexible event space and amazing event menus! Our Captain's Room is pictured below... and we have a other options as well.

Call our Sales and Event Coordinator! Ask about the current special Events Promotion! And don't forget, The Oceanaire handles dinner AND lunch events., Please vote for The Oceanaire Seafood Room!, TO ALL OF OUR FANS: Let us know what is your favorite dish... Just a quick post on what you have always enjoyed here at The Oceanaire Seafood Room recently... we'd love to hear from you!, Thursday is for Tail --Lobster Tail! Succulent and delicious, the Canadian Lobster Tail will delight even the most discriminating of palates!

Come in tonight and have our 10 OZ Canadian Lobster Tail, served with Drawn Butter and Lemon. It's a PERFECT way to spend a Thursday!, The Oceanaire Seafood Room will be represented at the White River State Park for "Dig-In, A Taste of Indiana" on August 29th, 2010 from 12-6pm! Buy your tickets early at www.DigIndiana.org or at participating Marsh Supermarkets., Want to feel like you're sitting in a ship? Well,  you can!! While having some of the best seafood in the Midwest! Come in and visit us!, Monday is for Marlin! Come in and have our fantastic Hawaiian Marlin, served Grilled, Broiled, Oscar, Black and Blue or Dirty!, *** The Oceanaire will open at 4:00pm (an hour early) for all COLTS Home Game SUNDAYS and that includes THIS Sunday (08/15) !!

Come in and enjoy the three C's of Sundays: Colts, Crabcakes and Cocktails!, Peruvian Lantern Scallops -- Indulge in one of the world's most luxurious tastes while supporting a cutting-edge environmentally responsible scallop farm (powered by clean, alternative fuels).

Delicately sweet favor and tender texture make these scallops a MUST-HAVE! We will have these fantastic Peruvian Lantern Scallops... on the menu starting tomorrow (Thursday) evening! Make plans to come in!, Before pre-historic man walked the earth, Sturgeon swam the waters... These amazing fish can live 50-100 years and can grow to 20 ft and 2000 lbs!! If you like Swordfish and Halibut, you will absolutely appreciate the Sturgeon taste!

The Oceanaire Seafood Room has Columbia River Sturgeon on the menu tonight... Come in tonight and have it Brushed with Lemon Butter or served "Angry"!, The Alaskan Ivory King Salmon is relatively scarce, making only 5-8% of the King Salmon caught in the Southeast Alaskan area. Ivory King Salmon tends to be milder, silkier and more buttery in flavor than "red" King Salmon. 

Tonight, it is brushed with Lemon Butter... so don't miss out on this luminous, white fleshed Alaskan Ivory King Salmon!!, Come in and COOL DOWN-- we have Lobster, Crab, Shrimp, and Oysters ... Chilled ON ICE! What a great way to get some relief from this heat wave we're having!!!, The Oceanaire has ALASKAN HALIBUT CHEECKS on the menu tonight!!!

HALIBUT CHEEKS are sweet flavored and considered a delicacy. 

It is also an excellent source of high-quality protein and minerals and is low in sodium, fat and calories!, Massachusetts Sea Scallops are on the menu and they are DELICIOUS!!

Massachusetts is world famous for its sea scallop fishery... producing one of the most appealing shellfish due to its delicate flavor and tender texture.

Come in this weekend, as Chef Ryan has an amazing preparation of these succulent Scallops!, It's the MIDDLE of the week, so why not come in and eat something that comes from the MIDDLE Zone of the ocean (otherwise known as the Mesopelagic Zone)!! Calamari comes from this zone and Chef Ryan has an amazing preparation of Red Chili Fried Calamari, served with Asian Vegetables. No other venue in Indiana has such tender calamari!, Did you know the Swordfish can reach speeds of 50 miles per hour?

Come in and try the fantastic Canadian Swordfish... Black and Blue with Caramelized Onions and Blue Cheese Butter!, On July 22nd, 2010, The Oceanaire Seafood Room Indianapolis hosted the July Wine Maker's Dinner, Featuring Palm Bay Wines.

The event was a huge success, with an amazing menu created by Chef Ryan, accompanied by an incredible wine selection.


Follow us on Twitter and Facebook for information on the next Wine Dinner!, Check out the pictures of the amazing Wine Dinner in our photo albums!, Staff Grown Heirloom Tomato Salad on the menu tonight!  It is being served with a Watermelon and Ice Wine Vinairgrette.  Beautiful seasonal salad!!, Hawaiian Blue Marlin is on the menu tonight! 

While an excellent source of healthy, extra lean protein, it is also low in saturated fat and sodium. It is rich in niacin, vitamin B6, vitamin B12, and selenium. 

So come in and enjoy this amazing Marlin, served tonight with Baby Cuttlefish a la Basquaise!, Hot off the presses - Our 2010 Devour Downtown Menu!  Aug 2 - 15, make your reservations now., Alaskan Black Cod, which some would consider the best tasting fish in the world, is on the menu tonight at The Oceanaire! It is considered a delicacy by most seafood connoisseurs for it's beautiful snow-white fillets, rich succulent flavor, and velvety texture. Prepared with Jumbo Lump Crab Meat, Asparagus, and Sauce Bearnaise... Come in and enjoy!, Feeling like Lobster, Crab Legs, or Oysters tonight? Of course you are! Come in to The Oceanaire and we'll give you an amazing dining experience. (And if you don't like fish, we have some of the best steak in the city!), Come in and experience the Alaskan Sockeye Salmon, known as the most flavorable and sought after salmon, due to it's rich orange-red flesh... Try it grilled with Lemon Butter...  or our Strawberry Balsamic Glaze!, It's Friday! Time for an amazing dining experience at The Oceanaire Seafood Room. Come on in for lunch or dinner and enjoy the incredible food and ambiance!, Happy Wednesday! Come in for our Steak and Shrimp dish (pictured below). Sliced beef tender, asparagus, and bearnaise sauce makes this an unforgettable dish!, Tonight - The Discovery Channel's "Deadliest Catch" remembers Captain Phil Harris - You can also check out Oceanaire's Executve Chef, Wade Wiestling, discussing his time with "Captain Phil" on or blog at:  http://blog.theoceanaire.com/2010/02/11/calm-seas-and-full-pots/, Tuesday.... time for Tuna! Come in and try our fantastic Tuna dishes!, If you have a case of the Monday blues, come in and dine at The Oceanaire Seafood Room with the freshest seafood and fantastic ambiance... nothing chases away the early part of the week than a dozen fresh shucked oysters:), null, Crispy Whitebait with smoked caviar and garlic aioli., Hawaiian Ono on the menu tonight!, null, Come visit Chef Ryan Nelson at Zoobilation tonight, he will be shucking 1200 oysters tonight for a great cause!, The Oceanaire is offering 20 different oysters tonight and not only are they tasty, but they are good for ya!, - Oceanaire Orlando's Executive Chef Garey Hiles prepares White Anchovy Salad -, The Oceanaire would like to congratulate Dario Franchitti and Chip Ganassi Racing for winning this years Indy 500!, null, Demystifying a Wine List - (by Indy's own, Richard Edwards), We have Alaskan Black Cod on the menu tonight served with Belgian Endive and Smoked Salmon., When Its cold and rainy out, I think a bowl of Clam Chowder would be perfect for lunch!, null, Mr. Steinbeck would be proud -, Have you made plans for Mother's Day yet?  Think Oceanaire for Brunch, Lunch or Dinner on that special Sunday., The Oceanaire Seafood Rooms welcomes F.D.I.C.!, null, On the menu tonight - Florida Red Grouper with Shrimp Escabeche, Yuca and Coconut, Chef Ryan Nelson and The Oceanaire are hosting its annual Chef Alliance dinner on April 25th.  Its the biggest dining event of the year, call for reservations, spaces are limited., null, The Oceanaire welcomes Butler, Duke, West Virgina and Michigan State to Indianapolis for an amazing Final Four!, Entree of the night...  Massachusetts Scallops with pork belly, poached quail egg and bok choy in a spicy bonito broth.  Yum., Halibut three ways on the menu tonight!  Halibut Fillet, Halibut T-Bone and Halibut Cheeks all in house!, null, When is a Great time for a California Chardonnay?, Seared Alaskan Halibut shown here with bacon wilted spinach and fried beets., Join us for Easter brunch starting at 11:00am.  You can see our menu online by going to the link following...
http://www.theoceanaire.com/menus/Indy/Indy_SpecialEvent_Menu.pdf, null, null, Watch the link and then come in and enjoy!, We have Halibut T-Bone's on the menu tonight, only 14 so better get in here in a hurry!, null, - Off to Boston -, Inspiration for Serious Chocolate Lovers
http://annies-eats.com/, Its Halibut Season and The Oceanaire will have some in this week to work with...  First of the season, Yum!, After 9 months of curing a bone-in leg of pork  Serrano Ham style from Fisher Farms, Executive Sous Chef Mark Marlar of The Oceanaire reveals his final product.  See the process from the trimmed leg, curing and aging in house., null, null, Thank you NFL Scouting Combine!  It was nice to see some old faces and let Indianapolis show off its hospitality!, null, Did you know The Oceanaire is open for Easter brunch???  Bring your family and friends in for an amazing meal., Carolina Pumpkin Swordfish tonight at The Oceanaire!, Next wine dinner: Stag's Leap Wine Cellars on April 22nd at 6:30pm.  We wanted to let our fans know so they can plan accordingly!, Happy Valentines Day!, null, null, True North Atlantic Whole Dover Sole with a traditional accompaniment of Lemon Beurre Blanc and Capers on the menu this weekend!!!, Calm Seas and Full Pots - Our own Wade Wiestling remembers Capt. Phil Harris -, For all of our fans that enjoyed Devour Downtown...  just so you all know, Oceanaire puts a similar menu out every day!  We have a 3 course for $30 menu available daily!, null, Rice or Roni - It's pasta made risotto style., Thank you to all of our fans who voted us Best of Metromix Indianapolis: Restaurant!!!, To all our fans...  we will be posting videos that involve cooking tips, recipes, and some Chef insight on some of our favorite dishes.  Do you have some items you'd like to see us make on video?  We hope to have this up in the next two weeks, all suggestions are welcome!, Its a Devour Downtown Sunday at The Oceanaire!  I say call ahead, walk in, book a table off of our website, do what ya gotta do, but get in here and enjoy!, - Target to stop selling farm raised Salmon!  Get our take from our very own VP of Culinary Dev, Wade Wiestling, Have you made your Valentines Day plans yet?  Call us today for reservations, 317-955-2277., I'm thinking no better way to top off a day of AFC Championship football than to enjoy dinner with us Sunday night!, null, Its a Colts weekend and have you made your dinner plans for Saturday night or after the game Sunday?  I'm thinking crab cakes, cocktails and COLTS!!!, Ever wonder what it takes to deliver a first class Wine Dinner?  Join us "behind the scenes" -, Ever wanted to cook "Sous Vide" at Home?  Learn how with our very own
Director of Culinary Development, Wade Wiestling
-, null, Its Banfi Wine Dinner night!, If your heading to the big game next weekend for our Colts, its time to start thinking about dinner reservations!, New Years Eve Menu!  We have an amazing four course dinner for $85 a person, call for reservations 317-955-2277!, Have you made your plans for New Years Eve plans yet?  We have an amazing night planned for you and your family and friends!  Call us to make reservations asap 317-955-2277., Oceanaire would be happy to have you and the family in for dinner on Christmas Eve, give us a call and reserve your table.  We are open from 4pm to 8pm on Thursday night!, Hawaiian Onaga Snapper is an amazing special tonight, its featured tonight with suckling pig Luau style with grilled pineapple!  Here is our butcher working hard for your pleasure tonight!, We hosted an event for Major League Baseball at The Oceanaire on Tuesday night.  Some great pics with photos of the food, ice sculpture and the dining room., Its time for The Oceanaire gift card promotion, buy $100 and recieve a $25 card free!!!, Colts and Crab Cakes is the perfect combo!  We open @ 4pm today, come in after the game for dinner., Executive Sous Chef Mark Marlar works with seafood and even when he is on vacation he works with seafood!, Check out or Menu Link tab to see our menu change daily., Wishing everyone a happy Thanksgiving holiday tomorrow., Chef Nelson was able to secure a 70 pound whole tuna off the coast of Trinidad and Tobago, check out the color of the flesh on this tuna!  For all you tuna fans, tonight is your night at The Oceanaire Seafood Room our butcher is cutting fresh pieces right now., Executive Sous Chef Mark Marlar has amazing Hamachi on the menu tonight!  For those who look for sushi grade items check out tonights menu for the Hamachi Special @ theoceanaire.com, view our location and its menus as it changes daily!, For all of those who are making downtown your destination for an event over the next few days, Pacers vs. Celtics, Colts vs. Patriots or even Hanna Montana Monday night think of The Oceanaire for dinner or drinks after!, Its easy to become a fan of The Oceanaire Seafood Room-Indianapolis, just use your moblie phone and text "fan Oceanaire.Indianapolis" to FBOOK (32665)., This Merlot has cola, vanilla and cherry jam for prominent aromas with soft lalyers of toffee, toast and rasberry fruit.  This is an easy drinking merlot that rounds out with velvety tannins., Its Nantuckey Bay Scallops season!!!, null, Chef Ryan Nelson has for one night only Alaskan Weathervane Scallops with Chanterelle Mushrooms, Chestnut Puree and Caramelized Local Apples!  Great Scallops that are totally sustainable., The dish of the night is our South Pacific Seabass Hot Pot with Shrimp, Mussels, Scallops, Rice Noodles and Lemongrass !, Executive Sous Chef Mark Marlar holding a beautiful Spanish Mackerel to be served sashimi tonight!, null, Fresh King Crab season is here, we have crab clusters from the fishing vessel North Sea tonight!, Its Caymus Wine Dinner night at The Oceanaire Seafood Room!, First of the season Florida stone crab came in today!!!!, The Caymus Wine Dinner is coming up next weeks! We have a five course meal prepared by Ryan Nelson paired with their amazing wines for $85. Call soon to make reservations, only a few spots left., We have some beatuful pumpkin swordfish in house that arrived this morning from Block Island.  Pumpkin swordfish has a beautiful orange color from the intense amount of shrimp it consumes.  It gets its name from that color and because it is often seen in the fall around halloween., Seared Alaskan halibut with a drizzle of olive oil and a lemon wedge.  Coming to the end of the halibut season!!, null, Did you know?  October is National Seafood Month!  Let's Celebrate! http://theoceanaireseafoodroom.wordpress.com/, The Caymus Wine Dinner is coming up in two weeks!  We have a five course meal prepared by Ryan Nelson paired with their amazing wines for $85.  Call soon to make reservations, spot are limited., Have you checked out the new website?  You can see our menu's updated everyday! http://www.theoceanaire.com, - It's here, It's here!!!  Check out our completely re-designed website. http://www.theoceanaire.com  -  Just went live today!, The wonders of Fish Oil (it can even remove wrinkles)
http://theoceanaireseafoodroom.wordpress.com, This is our traveling oyster bar we often do for special events., Its a Fish Tacos kinda lunch day at The Oceanaire!, Tonights Dish of the night! Pan-seared Alaskan Halibut Au Poivre with Crispy Fried Chicken Livers, Grade A Foie Gras and Melted Leeks!  I'm guessing this will be flying out of the kitchen tonight!, This video shows just how fresh our Seafood is here at The Oceanaire!, Duckhorn Wine Dinner Sept. 15th 2009, Duckhorn Wine Dinner Menu!, Duckhorn Wine Dinner Tonight!!!, Hawaiian Ahi Tuna - Fantastic loin cut of sashimi grade tuna.  Shown here simply seared with pickled ginger, soy and wasabi., Bananas Foster Tableside!, Chef Ryan Nelson cooking Bananas Foster tableside!, Pork Fat Poached Alaskan Halibut!   Yeah!
Seen here with watercress salad, sauce gribiche, lemon-shallot crackling., The very popular Alaskan Halibut Cheeks.
Seen here with house ricotta stuffed squash blossoms, garden peach tomatoes and basil pesto., Checkout the huge motorcycle rallly right outside the front door, and yet we were still rockin' all night long!, Proof of the massive bike ralley right outside our front door and we are still rocking!, null, Georges Bank Scallops - Korean BBQ Short Ribs Pickled Watermelon Rind Slaw, Fried Green Tomatoes with a Mustard Aioli is a perfect side dish with dinner!, Devour Downtown may be over, but did you know we have a 3 course menu for $29.95 all year around?  The food, the service and the atmosphere at that price you just can't beat!, The great state of Alaska chose a few Chefs from around the country to fly out and visit some of its world renown fisheries.  Chef Ryan Nelson is one of the privileged  to enjoy this experience and also brought pictures back to share with us., Duckhorn Wine Dinner at The Oceanaire on 9/15/09 at 6:30pm for a 5 course wine dinner for $85.  Spots are limited so reserve your place today by calling 317-955-2277., A Fish with Mojo?  It's got to be Coho!, Hand made Mozzarella is on the menu tonight with Garden Peaches and Fennel Pollen!, Groth Chardonnay is now available by the glass in addition to selling it by the bottle.  This crisp and complex wine screams to be paired with crab, prawns and lobster.  This is the perfect Oceanaire food wine!, Doesn't Crispy Sweetbreads, Local Chanterelle Mushrooms on a Watermelon Salad sound too good to pass up?  Come on for dinner we have a table waiting for you., Crab Cakes and Colts go hand in hand, stop by for dinner before or after the game tonight!, With choices for each course tonight for Devour Downtown, I think our Maine Diver Scallops with house made bacon, Indiana corn cakes, salmon roe and creme fraiche sounds to go to pass up!, Its Restaurant Week come in and see what Chef Nelson and The Oceanaire has to offer!, Its Restaurant Week and the menu is ready! Oceanaire has the best menu is the city, with each course you have a choice, come and get it folks!, The Oceanaire will guarantee any and all reservations for Restaurant Week next week to all of our Fans!  Let our host staff know you are an Oceanaire Facebook Fan., Here is how I recommend you start your dinner off at The Oceanaire tonight, House Smoked  Mackerel with Salmon Roe, Osetra Caviar and Crème Fraiche Silver Dollar Pancakes.  mouthwatering..., Come on down to the Oyster Bar and enjoy the Kumamoto Oysters tonight!  You'll thank us later!, http://theoceanaireseafoodroom.wordpress.com/, If you're looking for an amazing dinner choice tonight Chef Ryan Nelson has it for you tonight, how about our Alaskan Halibut with Fresh Andorran Black Truffle Sauce, Crispy Potato Gnocchi and Oyster Mushrooms!, Nick and our staff take great joy in taking the opportunity to educate themselves on wine.  The Oceanaire has built great relationships with Winery's out in California and are more than happy to extend a helping hand to its staff to set up wine tastings.  Here is Nick and his wife's trip out to Napa to enjoy some great juice!, Clear your calendar folks, Chef Ryan Nelson is offering his famous Cooking Class on August 8th!  Space is limited so call and make your reservations asap!!!, -
Long Live the King!
http://theoceanaireseafoodroom.wordpress.com/, With Michael Phelps in town for the Swimming Championships swimming like a fish, I think seafood sounds like a great idea for dinner!  Come join us for amazing meal., For all of our fans out there we will be offering a budget friendly option for your dinning experience!, Come in tonight for Kumamoto Oysters, the small deeply cupped shell that protects its surprisingly plump little morsel. Mildly fruity and sweet with a slightly mineral finish and a rich buttery texture, the Kumamoto is the perfect oyster for beginners., For all you Kumamoto Oyster fans out there, come on in for dinner and dine on these tasty west coast beauties!, This Sauvignon Blanc made from the Quintessa Winery has tropical notes of pineapple and guava that plays off the lemon flavors well.  This great summer wine has vibrant acidity that makes all the fruit flavors bright and juicy!  Come on in for dinner and a terrific bottle of wine., http://theoceanaireseafoodroom.wordpress.com/, Come in tonight to see Chef Ryan Nelson put together a Pan Seared Alaskan Halibut with Smoaked Salmon Belly, Potato Latke and Lobster Hollandaise!, We have a new $20.10 red wine for all of our Fans to enjoy, Its the Deloach Cabernet 2006.  We are very excited about the winery and its conversion to biodynamic farming! This velvety, easy-drinking wine has an inviting deep ruby color, and offers evolving aromas of cassis, violet and wild herbs. palate follows with rich fruit flavors of blackberry, cherry, plum with some tobacco and cedar spices in the mix., We have a new $20.10 white wine for all our fans out there, it's the Loredona Pinot Grigio 2007.  Its a perfect match for our food, come in and enjoy some food and wine and we'll keep your budget in mind!, Happy Father's Day to all you Dads!!!, Fresh from Alaska to you... Sockeye Salmon!
http://theoceanaireseafoodroom.wordpress.com/, Happy "World Ocean Day" !!!  http://theoceanaireseafoodroom.wordpress.com/, Chateau Ste. Michelle wine dinner on June 18th 2009 at 6:30pm.  We have an amazing 5 course dinner planned with wine pairings for $65.  Please call and reserve your spots today!, Oceanaire Indianapolis has new wines in for our promotional price of $20.10, we are offering the Penfolds Koonunga Hill Shiraz/Cabernet blend and Beringer "Founders Estate" Chardonnay., Tonight Chef Ryan Nelson has Maine Diver Scallops with Goat Cheese Souffle and Salt Cod Vinaigrette!, http://theoceanaireseafoodroom.wordpress.com/
Mmmm..... Vichyssoise, Dad loves to fish sure, but he also loves our crab cakes!  Bring the ol' man in for Father's Day June 21st to his favorite restaurant, The Oceanaire Seafood Room!, Seafood yes, homemade Chorizo sausage you betcha!, Its Indy 500 weekend, how about an amazing dinner of Copper River Sockeye Salmon tonight?!, How about a little fan love and vote for The Oceanaire as The Best Restaurant In Indy!, http://theoceanaireseafoodroom.wordpress.com/
Raising Glasses... Not Prices!, For those who will be enjoying Elton John & Billy Joel in concert tonight feel free to come in to enjoy our first of the year Copper River Sockeye Salmon!, null, You may think you know what good bacon tastes like, but you have not tasted bacon untill you take a bite of our Nueskes Smoked Bacon as a side dish., If you're looking for a night out and don't want to stress about the dollars, come on in., Fat Tire hits Indiana finally and Oceanaire has is for you in 22 oz style!, Anticipation - Copper River Salmon style - http://theoceanaireseafoodroom.wordpress.com, Happy Mother's Day to all!  Please feel free to join us for this special occasion.  I'm sure mom would enjoy our Eggs Chesapeake for brunch, poached eggs over our lump crab cakes and toast.  yum!, If you're wondering whats for dinner, how does bacon wrapped Maine Diver Scallops sound topped with lobster hollandaise and potato pancakes?, Come in and try the Belgian Style Ale it would be a great accompaniment to our fresh Mussels!, Got a hankerin' for Soft Shell Crabs? Our VP of Culinary Development shares one of his favorite recipes: http://theoceanaireseafoodroom.wordpress.com/, null, Check out Carlsbad Aquafarms they are terrific company that cares for the ocean life and delivers a great product!, Have you had one of our crab cakes lately?  oh...oh sssoooo good!, Mom's love to have someone else cook for them.  I got a great idea, come in and let us take care of you brunch or dinner!, Now this is how you pump up your staff for a rockin' night for Fire Fighters!, Oceanaire Joins the Blog-o-sphere!, Chef Ryan Nelson and his fellow chefs work hard to put out the dinner of the year.  Here are some behind the scenes pictures of event., What better way than to show how much you appreciate those who take care of you than a lunch or dinner at The Oceanaire for Admistrative Assistant Week!, Chef Ryan Nelson hosts an 8 course dinner with 10 of the best chefs in Indianapolis with all the proceeds going to Riley's Hospital for Children., Tonight Chef Ryan Nelson and The Oceanaire is hosting the 5th Annual Chef Alliance Dinner, our eight course meal and wine pairings for over 90 guests with all the proceeds to go to Riley's Children's Hospital.  We have 10 of Indiana's best Chefs presentin, Catch The Deadliest Catch Season 5 every Tuesday at 9pm!  Doesn't a King Crab dinner at The Oceanaire at 6pm and home in time to enjoy the show at 9pm sound like a great night of fun?!, Have you made your Easter Brunch plans yet?, Executive Sous Chef Mark Marlar has Gulf Red Snapper in for tonight's menu!, looks great and tastes even better!, Here are some outstanding Easter Brunch options for Sunday, come join us!, Wild Alaskan Halibut season is here!, Oceanaire Seafood Room special Easter Hours are the following: 11:00am - 4:00pm<Brunch Menu> and 4:00pm - 9:00pm<Dinner>., null, It is that time of the year. Please vote for the Oceanaire Seafood Room in the Readers Choice Awards!, would like to thank Doug Theis and the TechMaker group for their fabulous event last Tuesday.  With almost 80 people in attendance, a good time was had by all., null)