List(What's Chef Norvin cooking tonight?, null, We are all mortal until the first kiss and the second glass of wine., We're getting ready for New Years Eve!Only a few seatings for 5:30 and 8:00 are left 🎉 So call us, Another world is just around the corner~, We now have gift certificates you can email to that special someone. 💋Just visit our new website and go to our Information page., Our new homemade Saffron Ice Cream!🍦, ... and it was the best!, Join Us to Celebrate All Hallows' Eve

- Complimentary Tarot readings by Mike from "Ten of Cups"
- Black Martinis
- Creative Costumes

Bring your alter egos or just a hot date!, 🎃This Halloween we'll have Black Martinis and complimentary Tarot card readings., What will German be next on Halloween?
Make a reservation on our website to find out., Our tortilla now has roasted red peppers.
Shall we expect you tonight to try it?❤️, "We loved the Black Paella!!
Compliments to the chef!", null, Yoli is a professional., Come meet the new editions to our Dali family. 
- Adriano, a world traveler, will give you a tour of our tasty tapas. 
- When David welcomes you at the door with a smile, you'll see why he was a model in Spain!, null, Open July 4th
Come visit us for a fireworks of flavor!, Treat your mother to wine, tapas and the atmosphere of Dali! It's now easy to make your reservation on our website. Times are filling up fast. We open at 12:00., We are 26 years young today!, null, Our new white wine sangria starts tonight!, Age and glasses of wine should never be counted... So come celebrate your birthday with Dali.Try the wine flights and stay younger!, The bull came out tonight!, We are tangy tomato

Creamy garlic   

Warm inside, German is working tonight!, null, null, null, null, Happy holidays from Dali!, null, First prize: Matador
Second prize: Violet Beauregarde
Third prize: Tango!, Things you'll see at Dali., We dare you to try this!, We are open July 4th!, Still in town this holiday? We'd love to see you., null, Oscar believes that Valentines should be everyday. Come by and ask him for a Spanish Kiss., Shelly, Laura, Amudha and Alyssa have a ladies night out at Dali., A quick note everyone!  Although Dali is open tonight, we may close earlier than usual so everyone can get home safe.  Please call before you make the trip!  Thanks., Yes, it's snowing, yes, it's cold, but it's cozy at Dali!  We'll be open tonight January 2., null, Include Dali in your holiday plans!  We will be OPEN on Christmas Eve for a Stress-Free Evening & Bit of Eggnog Cheer.  

Also we're now taking reservations for New Year's Eve.  There are 3 seatings:  5:30,  8:00,  10:30.  

Please call if you have any questions!, It's Small Business Saturday!  Support your community:  shop local, eat local!  What could be more fun than that?, null, Happy Thanksgiving!  Dali is closed today, enjoy your holiday.  Hope to see you over the weekend!, A big thanks to everyone for dressing up!, First prize went to a team effort!  Presenting the winners ....  wait for it..., Introducing the Sofia Lounge at Dali – 
a convivial bar room corner for cocktails/dining/fun 
that seats up to 12 "Beautiful People"
$20 food min/pp on busy nights
Call 617.661.3254 for Fri/Sat reservation for
5:30, 8:00 or 10:30, Dali is one of the 38! But you already knew Dali was essential...

  http://boston.eater.com/archives/2013/07/09/the-38-essential-boston-restaurants-june-2013.php, Hope this makes your Monday a little bit more fun (and that it will inspire you to come to Dali tonight!)  
http://www.openculture.com/2011/07/alfred_hitchcock_recalls_working_with_salvador_dali_on_ispellboundi.html, AND of course....Happy Birthday Mario León!, null, Hope your weekend plans include dinner at Dali!, Because Sunday is Father's Day...forgot to mention that.  Of course, that's not the only day you can bring your Dad to Dali!, Honor your Dad!  Bring him to dinner at Dali!, Vote for Dali!  http://boston.cityvoter.com/best/tapas/food/boston, Dali is looking for a server or two!  If you are interested in joining la Familia Dali, please see Dali's ad on Craigslist: title: EXPERIENCED SERVER!  (Or message us here.), To all the graduates who have been our guests over the years:  Congratulations!, null, Thank you to everyone who joined us yesterday.  The restaurant was full of beautiful mothers!, Taking reservations for Mother's Day, Sunday, May 12 - and remember Dali opens at noon!, Everything starts with a mother ... including Dali!  Here is Mario's mother, Genoveva., Mother's Day, Sunday, May 12, Dali will open at noon., Just a simple question (or maybe not so simple) - how is everybody doing?, Dali will open today at 5:30., Yes, we are sorry to say, Dali will be closed this evening, Friday, April 19, due to the reality of the situation.  Hope to open tomorrow., As we are still reeling from the attacks on Monday and mourning for those killed and those maimed, we and the world are watching as events unfold.  Don't know if the restaurant will open today.  Stay safe everyone., 3 years ago today... we still miss you Gato!, On April 12, 1989, Dali opened its doors and since then all of you have allowed us into your hearts and stomachs.  
            It's rare that a restaurant lasts for these many years, especially now, with so many new restaurants opening and closing like tasty little clams (grilled w/garlic & sherry and...).
            This Friday marks the 24th year of mutual admiration and as we head into the next decade of memorable evenings, the "Familia de Dali" deeply thanks you for your support/love/friendship.
            We are honored to have you as our guests and are immeasurably touched by your loyalty and joyful presence in sharing a bit of the spirit of Spain at the corner of Daliwood and Wine.
            Happy Birthday Dali!!! ... besos, Mario & Tamara, Dali's 24th Birthday is April 12!  Let's start the celebration with a blast from the past!, Love the captions so far...thank you!, Hello friends!  How about a caption for the photo of Oscar?, Don't worry Oscar!  Spring is on the way ..., "We are putting out a plea to our late-night guests who enjoyed their Dali experience on Saturday, 2/23/13, but then felt it was their right (when no one was watching) to throw the bathroom lilies in the trash and steal a very special Majolica vase.  We hope your conscience will weigh heavily on you and that you'll bring back this vase for others to enjoy.

Restaurants are public places but guests are also invited into our Dali Family/Home and for anyone to abuse the privilege of our welcoming arms is, well, shameful.

Enjoy your stolen vase but know that one day you'll also feel the pain of a broken heart when someone treats you with some thoughtless and malicious act... "

Tamara Bourso (Dali co-owner), Happy President's Day everyone!  Yes, Dali is open tonight.
(and don't forget to vote - for Dali!), Dali has been nominated for best Spanish restaurant in the Best of Boston 2013 by the Phoenix.  Show us your love and vote!, Viva el amor!, Celebrating love at Dali tonight!  Join us!, For all of our friends and fans willing to send an email or two to protest the cycle path here are email addresses of a couple of City Hall contacts.  The mayor does not publish his email address so send an email to the Somerville Chief of Staff, Janice Delory at jdelory@somervillema.gov.

Involved directly with the project:  Hayes Morrison, Somerville Director of Transportation and Infrastructure - hmorrison@somervillema.gov

The alderman for Dali's ward is: Maryann Heuston at mheuston@hotmail.com

If you live in Somerville, please find out who your alder/man/woman/person is and email them too!

Muchas Gracias!, Hello friends and fans of Dali!  We are hoping that you can take a little time over the next day or two to help us out.  The City of Somerville has proposed a cycle track the length of Beacon Street.  111 parking spaces would be removed from the Dali side of Beacon Street.  That would be devastating for our business.  Could you send an email before Thursday to Thomas F. Broderick to oppose the plan?  Here's the info:   

Folks have until Feb. 14 to write a letter or send an email to weigh in on this project. Letters can be sent to Thomas F. Broderick, P.E., Chief Engineer, MassDOT, 10 Park Plaza, Boston, MA 02116. Attention: Project Management Section, Project File No. 607209. Emails can be sent to dot.feedback.highway@state.ma.us

Thank you in advance.  If you have any questions, let us know., Dali will be open tonight, Sunday, February 10!  Our sister restaurant Cuchi Cuchi will be open as well!  Get out your snowshoes and come on over..., And it continues to snow.....Dali Restaurant will be closed tonight, Saturday, February 9th.  Stay tuned for Sunday's news!  

Let us know how you are faring during the storm.  We hope you're building up an appetite for tapas!, Friday, February 8th - Dali will be closed this evening...stay safe and warm everyone!, Dali will be closed January 1st for recovery!, Enjoy your holidays !, Dali Restaurant will be closed December 24 and December 25., Happy Halloween everyone!  Come in tonight and see the staff in costume and vote for your favorite...Here's the photo from last year's celebration!, Due to the extreme weather (and the MBTA suspending all service at 2 pm), Dali will be closed this evening, October 29., A great photo of Cesar and his creation, the Dali diorama, which he made in honor of Dali's 20th!, New Tapas and a new Inspired Dessert (Leche Frita) to savor!, Have you applied for the host position yet?, Would you like to join the Dali Familia?  See our ad for a "Sparkling Host" on craigslist.org., null, So who has tried the Inspired Dessert:  Gelatina de Cafe con Crema?, So cool, so refreshing, so delicious, what else can we say to entice you to try the Inspired Dessert?, null, Summertime coolers:   Gazpacho Andaluz, of course, the Classic Cold Soup!  And to finish:  the Gelatina de Cafe con Crema, a surreal version of after-dinner coffee., Who had some new tapas last night?, Tomorrow....Gazpacho!!!  (And other wonderful Tapas Nuevas...), null, And here's the other one!, Can't commit? Try a wine flight!  Now offering a red wine flight and a white/rosado flight.  A great way to try Spanish wines., The restaurant is open tonight - come and celebrate the 4th!, So many graduates, so much singing.  Thank you for celebrating at Dali!, Today is Salvador Dali's birthday!  Celebrate it here (and read about him here: http://thedali.org/history/biography.html), A reminder:  Mother's Day is Sunday, May 13th, Dali will open at noon and we're taking reservations!, Somerville Open Studios this weekend!  Go see the art and then come and dine with us., Mother's Day is Sunday May 13th.  Dali will open at noon.  Make a reservation today!, Julio added a new cocktail yesterday - Sancho Panza.  It's made with cream sherry, Frangelico hazelnut liqueur and sherry vinegar - and the garnish?  Raisins and a little wedge of Manchego cheese.  Nothing like getting a drink with a snack attached!, The beautiful gift from the beautiful Yolanda - updated!
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PlKIiplEfKg, Thank you to all for the love you shared., A photo for Jennifer...Gato as Santa!, Please share with us your memories of Gato., Two years ago, we lost our beloved Gato.  He is missed every single day.  Words can hardly express so let's start with photos..., A precious gift from the beautiful Yolanda!!
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YYODYMhf734, 23 years and still going strong!  Time for everyone to KISS THE FROG!!!, Thanks to everyone who likes and posts and chats.  We've said this before, we'll say it again WE LOVE YOU MADLY!, null, Oh and let's see another!, All right - to all the fans of the BomBom dancers...here's a glimpse into the future!, How many of you have been lucky enough to see Yolanda and German dance the BomBom?  Here's some photos of the BomBom of today.  Stay tuned for what we think the BomBoms of tomorrow might look like!, Dali turns 23 on April 12!,  A lovely very personal piece about one man's love for Dali!  Have you ever blogged about us?  Do you have a favorite Dali story you would like to share?  , Here's another one!  Let us know what you think as we go along..., null, Bear with us as we try different "cover photos" for the new Timeline ..., null, null, Spring has really sprung so take a flight - a port flight.  Seriously, sample all the ports Dali offers - discover, compare and learn., Thanks to Charlie Leocha for sharing this link with us!, null, null, Closed on Thanksgiving - Enjoy your holiday!, Muchas gracias to Jody Adams of Rialto for talking about our fish under salt in Saveur magazine.  We're very honored that she did!, Feliz Dia de los Tres Reyes Magos!, Happy New Year Everyone!  And thank you for your loyal support., La Familia Dali wishes you a lovely holiday.  (And to celebrate, Dali will be closed on December 24 and December 25.), Dali will be open on January 1, 2011, New Year's Day., Announcing the celebrity of the month!  Deborah Swiss celebrated the release of her book “The Tin Ticket” with a party at Dali.  Here’s Deborah with her friend (and Dali-celebrity-in-her-own-right), Marie Trottier, and of course, a copy of her book.  Congratulations, Deborah.   (For more information, visit www.deborahswiss.com), And the answer is:  the frog candleholder, a major participant in all celebrations!, No guesses?  Okay, a clue - birthdays, anniversaries..., Check back soon for those costumes we promised!, Oooooo Halloween is coming!  And you know what that means, si?  The Annual Staff Halloween Costume contest!  Come on October 30th, and vote for your favorite.  And take a look at costumes past..., Did you know that Dali has a full bar now?  Come in and try one of our specially created (by Dali bartender and mixologist Greg Rossi) cocktails or order your own personal favorite., A night of spontaneous dancing: Yolanda and German danced the BomBon four times last Saturday night!, Announcing our celebrity of the month, Pyrros Dimas!  Pyrros Dimas is a retired Greek weightlifter, considered to be one of the greatest of all time.  He won three Olympic gold medals, and one bronze and he was World Champion three times.  And here he is at Dali with Mario.  Thank you for dining with us, Pyrros., Mario ran with the bulls in Pamplona but now's he back!  Drop by and ask him about his adventures., Pescado a la Sal)