List(Have you seen this piece from Buddy Hield? #OU #SoonerFamily, Want to control the Clippers Snapchat for a day? Head to http://on.nba.com/1XaqASJ to enter to win. Plus, we can hang out., Thank you for all the birthday wishes!, Incredibly honored to have my jersey retired #OU #Sooners, CP3, DJ, and myself are three of the 30 finalists for #USABasketball team for #RIO2016, making it raiiiinnnnn

just kidding.... but, not really #kiaoptima, #USABasketball #TBT, Heard it’s #TriviaDay so I’ve got one: 

In high school I played these three positions on the gridiron., Boomer Sooner. Let's see some magic on New Year's Eve 
 http://playerstribu.ne/sooners, Wishing everyone a #MerryChristmas #FlashbackFriday, Red Bull is giving away 2 tix to Monday’s home game. Head to @RedbullLAX's   Instagram https://www.instagram.com/p/_Z3IlDCwXg/?taken-by=redbulllax and caption this photo for a chance to win! win.gs/bgxmastix, FT in the dark... no problem, #ClippersWin, #Thanksgiving, Now I’m in Oprah’s Book Club, #HoopsForTroops, What’s better my pj’s or my PB&J #KIAOptima, Me and Dre invited two over for a #blockparty last night, I tried to do my thing on the track, keyword TRIED lol, What You Don't Know About: MMA | By Donald "Cowboy" Cerrone, i prefer to read the news while making it #KIAOptima, the best offense is a good defense. check out the moves I learned from UFC fighter Cowboy Cerrone in the last episode of The Crossover. http://win.gs/thecrossover, null, got a few important pointers from world champion sprinter, Carmelita Jeter. Chin to pocket from here on out...Check out episode 2 of The Crossover w/ Red Bull  http://win.gs/thecrossover, soooo handball is no joke. i got to try my hand at it with renowned handballer, Timbo Gonzalez at the W 4th St Courts in NYC. really cool and also...really hard. check out my interview with Timbo The Players' Tribune http://www.theplayerstribune.com/blake-griffin-timbo-gonzalez-handball-nyc/, I'll tell you, handball is much harder than it looks. Check out the first episode of my series, The Crossover, to see how I've been training in different sports this off season.  http://win.gs/thecrossover, Meeting a member of SEAL Team 6 brought back some great childhood memories http://es.pn/1VIVrEm, #NBAGlobalGames, Whoops, went a little hard in the paint (Via Fox Sports), I'm ready, who else is ready?, null, These women deserve our attention, too. A must-watch from Swin Cash, Pr3pE and Tanisha Wright, At first I was all 🙈 at the Red Bull shoot, and then I was like 🙅, but it’s all 💯, Showing off some basketbal skills #BTS Red Bull LA, This Madden Movie might be Oscar-worthy. #MaddenSeason #ad http://bit.ly/1J5AqzR, #HUMPDay #captionthis!, 🇺🇸 #merica, Summer camp! Check out photos from our USA Basketball minicamp on The Players' Tribune, The first day of minicamp is in the books. Check out the full recap » on.nba.com/1P5aGFf 

#USABMNT, null, Planning on buying some #SuperFly4’s? Head to Shoe Palace on Melrose tomorrow at noon to grab your pair and have a chance to meet….me!, Chill, Marvin. Earth-shattering is MY department. #SuperFly4, The Dunk to End All Dunks!, #TeamUSA, That night at Deandre Jordan's house was like Reservoir Dogs... but with sweatsuits. I explain on The Players' Tribune, No matter what Deandre Jordan had decided, we would've still been friends. But I'm happy to have him back., Flashback to 2009 where I was named #NBASummer MVP in Las Vegas, My Slam Dunk Thought of the Day w/ Funny Or Die, Next week, The Players' Tribune will be on the ground at the #ESPYS with our Founding Publisher, Derek Jeter. Follow #TPTxESPYs for more., Batting practice with the Los Angeles Dodgers, Shooting a commercial and hanging with fans, it was a great day!, #DraftAdvice Part 2 with the The Fat Jew…again #Ostrich, #DraftAdvice Part 1 with the The Fat Jew, My uber driver pulled a sandwich out of the glove box, put it on the dash in the sun to warm up, then offered me some. 5 stars all day., I did it again, the new LA Clippers logo haha, Spoke about the length of the NBA season and what I've been up to the past few weeks on The Players' Tribune Sirius XM show. check it out. http://bit.ly/1LhXkXP, Nickelodeon Kids' Choice Sports awards has nominated me for the "Sickest Moves" and "Biggest Powerhouse", Haha #Meantweets with Jimmy Kimmel Live, Caption This:, Here’s a look back at my top 10 plays of the year, The Cameraman needs love too lol, Congrats to my guy Jamal Crawford on moving up on the all-time scoring list. It's a honor to play alongside that man every night., i mean it's an interior fit for the gods, right? https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mXNhwvyglYA, Jump, man. https://instagram.com/p/1CYFnlICJy/, The Kia Motors America Optima will lead us to victory. #kiaoptima http://bit.ly/1Hsv8wf, Check out that guy hiding in the corner, sniping folks :) #BFHardline #ad http://bit.ly/1xdue6y, Boomer. Sooner., Huge congrats to Steve Nash on an amazing career. Thanks for inspiring us all. http://bit.ly/1MUCSdE from The Players' Tribune, Any of you been playing the new Battlefield Hardline? Check out the trailer. Looks cool! http://bit.ly/1BLGTfN  #ad, thanks for all the birthday love yesterday-- always good to feel special. on to the next..., Clippers Chairmen spreading the Wings for Life World Run  love. It’s incredible what these guys can do. Join the #WorldRun 5/3 win.gs/wflcalifornia. Check out more info on their FB page-- https://www.facebook.com/wflworldrunsocal?ref=hl, Big congrats to @buddylove242 on being named Big 12 player of the year. Also, congrats to TaShawn Thomas on being Newcomer of the year. Keep it rolling, fellas. https://instagram.com/p/0BOS2zICJW/, forget the color of the dress guys...what color am i?, flying stealth mode in my Kia Motors America Optima -- http://youtu.be/EJnAeZdNrSk #kiaoptima, great team win... can't wait to get back out there, tbt young smiles and mean mug. shoutout to Danny for pointing.
https://instagram.com/p/zlDo8hoCP1/?modal=true, Some call it the interior of the @Kia Optima. But really, it’s a high-tech cockpit. http://youtu.be/EJnAeZdNrSk #over #kiaoptima, Bummed I couldn't make the @PlayersTribune launch but getting beamed in via @BlueJeansNet was the next best thing. http://instagram.com/p/zGI9ZgzMR3/?modal=true, Stylin’ in my hand-me-down suit and tie. #tbt, Why ain't I dunkin'? I wrote about the 250,000 shots that went into improving my mid-range game for The Players' Tribune. http://bit.ly/1zx5rtm, good luck to fellow The Players' Tribune Editor Russell Wilson today in #SB49, C.J. is right, the Scooby Doo sandwich is the best http://www.theplayerstribune.com/the-nba-rookie-survival-guide/, Winngssss #givesyouwings Red Bull, Happy New Year. The @PlayersTribune spoke to alumni from the colleges playing in today's playoff to get ready for the big games. Check it out here: http://bit.ly/1DZxOkL, Blink Griffin’s the name. Starin’ is the game. I challenge you to a staring contest. Blink first, you lose. http://spr.ly/6186vivo, There's a new marshal in town and he drives a @KIA Optima #cowboystuff #kiaoptima 
https://t.co/hoVT42ThEj, I answered 10 random questions for @The Players' Tribune﻿'s new What The (Blank)? series.
http://bit.ly/1wZYCPm, #TheInterviewMovie's James Franco and Seth Rogen pitched me movie ideas at ESPN HQ. How has nobody thought of these before? http://bit.ly/InterviewESPN, Can’t stop. Won’t stop. It’s time to #TakeFlight
http://www.nike.com/gb/en_gb/c/jordan/blake-griffin, the season is supposed to be easy compared to the work you put in the off-season. documented some of my off-season prep work, check it out: http://www.theplayerstribune.com/blake-griffins-pre-season-prep/, Today is #GivingTuesday, so please join Kia Motors America and I as we team up to spread the word. We can all do a little to give back., There's more to a Jumpman than a just a dunk. Check out my highlight reel #TakeFlight

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TMTKZTTNDe4&feature=youtu.be, Congratulations to Jason Collins on his retirement today, detailed in a story on The Players' Tribune: http://bit.ly/1uaVYQA, Check out Michael-Carter Williams first piece on The Players' Tribune about his Rookie year: http://bit.ly/1u6bYHb, In case you missed it...check out me tell Conan O'Brien Presents: Team Coco about Donald Sterling's infamous white parties that I wrote about on The Players' Tribune http://youtu.be/wUOhPmHyIhk?list=UUi7GJNg51C3jgmYTUwqoUXA, Last week it was fun to write for The Players' Tribune. If you haven't read it, here's my first story. http://bit.ly/1DfBkWM, Excited to be a part of The Players' Tribune. And for my first piece I wrote about Clippers' ownership. Check it out: http://bit.ly/1DfBkWM, Did you know that I dabble in the world of poetry? VIZIO.com/SlamDunkPoetry #SlamDunkPoetry, null, #tbt to Drake vs. Blake... i mean Blake vs. Drake http://espn.go.com/video/clip?id=11225327, My friends at @funnyordie have a new show American Muscle that premieres tonight at 9/8c on Discovery! http://www.funnyordie.com/videos/711064fd3e/american-muscle-sneak-peek #americanmuscle, draft night is such a whirlwind, good luck to all the guys out there! #tbt #nbadraft #draftdreams, The #GriffinForce is growing!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=y0kt108KKU8, Greetings citizens. Check out the latest #GriffinForce spot from @Kia https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KJJI5sLS8NQ&noredirect=1, The whole world is running on May 4th! Are you? #WorldRun #WingsforLife win.gs/WFLWorldRun, Don't miss your chance to watch me play from courtside seats! Vizio is giving away a VIP package to our game on 3/16. Sign up for VIZIO Fandemonium and enter to win here: www.VIZIO.com/Courtside, Check kia.com/nba/all-star for the latest Kia All-Star Reporter videos!, Want the chance to watch me play from courtside? My friends at Vizio are giving away a VIP package for our game on 3/16. Sign up for VIZIO Fandemonium by March 3rd and enter to win here: www.VIZIO.com/Courtside, Check out my new Griffin Force commercial for Kia. , Looking for Super Bowl tickets? My Vizio family is giving a pair away through VIZIO Fandemonium: VIZIO.com/BigGame, Want a chance to interview me at #NBAAllStar 2014? Enter the Kia All-Star Reporter contest! http://www.kiaallstar.com, Check out the new @redbull commercial. http://win.gs/30worb #givesyouwings
, Leave a comment below letting me know what your favorite scene is in my new GameFly commercial. Grand Prize Winners will get a basketball signed by me and a copy of NBA 2K14. We'll pick two random names from the comments below on Friday, Dec. 13th at 3pm PST.  (Winner
must live in Continental USA) Feel free to Like and Share., Get to the Choppa (Arnold voice)!! Doing work from above in Battlefield 4. Best Shooter Game, Period! Who’s playing? #BF4, Today, I support @CampKesem and #GivingTuesday. Camp Kesem is a free summer camp for children of cancer patients and they are awesome. Join me as I give back! Donate at www.campkesem.org #bigkidsgive!, Just got my PlayStation 4! Can't wait to try all the new games through Gamefly. #GreatnessAwaits, It was a long road from Oklahoma to LA and the NBA. Check out my "Before the Bigs" story. http://www.foxsportswest.com/blakegriffin, Check out this video Levi made when we went up to Alcatraz for the Red Bull King of the Rock tournament., For all my gamer fans, I'm excited  to check out Battlefield! #BF4 is here!, With GameFly I can always play the newest games and you know I fight my battles up high! Check me out in Battlefield: 4  beta. Dope Game! #BF4 http://bit.ly/1g6EKmA, Had a blast on Jimmy Kimmel Live last night., The new Plants vs. Zombies Adventures is too much fun! I have this awesome PVZ2  IPAD to giveaway so yall can play with me. All you have to do is Like, Comment, or Share to win and I’ll pick a winner in a few days. #PVZ2, Los Angeles ball players - Tomorrow is your last chance to qualify for Red Bull King of the Rock. RSVP here: http://win.gs/KOTRLA13, Check out this freestyle Miss Lela Brown dropped on the set of my Jordan Super.Fly 2 commercial., I get all my Jordan gear at Foot Locker. No, really, I do., Meet my buddy Drain, the kid that can't miss., Go check out my friends at Kia of Irvine for their Grand Opening August 2nd!, Congrats to Porter Maberry for showing me his best dunk and winning the Red Bull Showcase contest! 

Can't wait to get an oop from you on Alcatraz! http://win.gs/10zbbfL, In LA? The only way to ball on Alcatraz is to win the Red Bull #KingoftheRock qualifier in Venice tomorrow., Today is the final day to enter for a chance to lob me an oop on Alcatraz!

Visit http://redbull.com/dunklikeblake to show me photos and videos of your most creative "dunks" before midnight. No limit on number of entries., Team-selected., Thanks again to everybody who came out Thursday. Please visit griffinfamilyfund.com to find out how you can get involved, or send me a Facebook message., My brother Taylor and I grew up in Oklahoma. It will always be our home, and we want to rebuild it. In a few days we're going to be launching the Griffin Family Relief Fund, which will raise money to help the people and businesses of Moore. 

Details will be coming soon, but if you'd like to hear more, send me a Facebook message so I can message you when the fund goes live or visit griffinfamilyfund.com.
 
Thank you for your support. #smilemoore, Oklahoma needs our help after devastating tornadoes. Please visit www.FeedTheChildren.org/tornado or text DISASTER to 80888 to make a $10 donation to Oklahoma-based Feed The Children today!, Remember this car? 
 
Now you have a chance to win it while giving back to the Regional Food Bank of Oklahoma.  Learn more and read the official rules here: 

http://www.newson6.com/category/259045/kia-for-kids, This Friday, I'll be at a newsstand near you., Wanna lob me an oop on Alcatraz? Show me your best dunk for a chance. http://redbull.com/dunklikeblake, Playoff time., Play my new Take on Blake Dunk Challenge on the Kia Facebook page and enter for the chance to meet me in person!, Gameday., Check out this highlight reel from the Take on Blake Dunk Challenge, then try your luck against me., null, Spent some time with younger fans at a basketball court refurbishment in Long Beach with my teammates Ryan, Maalik and DaJuan., Play my new Take on Blake Dunk Challenge on the Kia Facebook page and enter for the chance to meet me in person!, Great way to spend a Sunday. Thanks to everyone who came out to support the Clippers Foundation., Gameday., This week is World Water Week. Watch this video! http://bit.ly/YcIjc1

If as few as 1% of us on Facebook open a Tap at UNICEFtapproject.org, we can make a world of difference this week!, Man. Throwing alley-oops is awesome., null, It's more fun when you get a running start, null, Check out the new Red Bull flavors, Jamal's a great passer, Get after it, null, Gameday, WATCH:, Smile, Hoop and harm, null, We're making fresh easy this month with Mitch and 12Society. Check out the Double Hitter, WATCH:, null, WATCH: The Dunk of Night on All-Star Sunday, WATCH:, And 2006:, Takin' it back to 2002, WATCH: Sometimes you have to switch hands in mid-air., Check out this time-lapse video of Blake's Los Angeles wallscape being hand-painted., WATCH: Picking up a strike at Chris Paul's bowling tournament, From back in the day, I wonder if that Kia hotbot can hit a three. 

Introducing the all new Kia Forte – respect the tech!, Check your local newsstands, WATCH: The NBA's play of the day, Fasten your diapers! The Kia Sorento is taking off in the Big Game! Here’s the first of 2!, WATCH:, Right now, hundreds of thousands of displaced Syrian children face sub-zero temperatures, heavy rain and snow. UNICEF is working around the clock to provide them with coats, boots and blankets. They need our help.    

Help keep kids warm: http://bit.ly/V2yOgP, Wanna report from the All Star Game?, The 3rd anniversary of the Haiti earthquake just passed almost without notice despite the fact that hundreds of thousands still live under tarps and tents, 98% of the countryside remains deforested, and rape has become commonplace.  

I’m helping through Aid Still Required: Haiti.  Can you help too?

www.AidStillRequired.org/Haiti2013, #givesyouwings, WATCH: GameFly presents How to Be Amazing, Gonna be on Jimmy Kimmel live tonight...luckily Ricardo couldn't make it tonight. 

Tune in at 11:35pm EST., Ready, WATCH: Christmas Day's Play of the Day, WATCH: Blake's latest journey back in time, Congratulations Rene Gomez, you won the Christmas jersey! Don't forget to message me so I know where to send it., Want to win one of my Christmas Day jerseys? Just share this pic AND leave a comment on this post, and you'll be entered to win. I'll pick a winner Friday!, Want some hardwood autographed by me and Kevin Love? Find out how to win a signed Jenga and more from Hasbro Game Night., WATCH: Blake climbs the ladder, null, Click to VOTE for your favorite Los Angeles Clippers for the 2013 NBA All Star Game!

VOTE: http://www.facebook.com/nba/app_10339498918, Hey everyone - the 12Society family is bringing you 12 Days of Christmas. Every day, we're giving out amazing prizes like Beats By Dr. Dre headphones, a Nintendo Wii, Apply TV and more! All you need to do is sign up for the daily newsletter, and invite your friends. Every friend you invite gets you one more entry in the daily drawing. Check it out! http://bit.ly/XmSyQ4, Blake Griffin, At the LA Auto Show - Kia Motors Worldwide, From yesterday at the LA Auto Show with Kia Motors Worldwide. 

She's got the "Blake Face" down., Blake Griffin at the Kia Motors Worldwide booth in the "West Hall" at the LA Auto Show this Friday (11/30) between 3-5pm!, null, Meet Blake Griffin at the Kia Motors Worldwide booth in the "West Hall" at the LA Auto Show this Friday (11/30) between 3-5pm!, Check out the premier of my new video for Hyperice. 

Click here (https://www.hyperice.com/store) and use the code CM2012 for my Cyber Monday promotion., Vote now for the 2013 NBA ALL STAR GAME!

CLICK: http://allstarballot.nba.com, null, Watch Blake Griffin's 2 dimes to DeAndre Jordan in last night's win over the Heat., Click to vote for your favorite Los Angeles Clippers for this year's NBA All-Star game!, null, Blake Griffin, #32, null, Blake Griffin, null, null, null, Support my friends Larry Fitzgerald & Kevin Love by watching this video.
 
They will donate .25 for every view to Breast Cancer charities like Bright Pink and the Banner MD Anderson Cancer Center.

Watch the video and share!, Blake Griffin, Come to Leon H. Washington Park tomorrow at 3:30pm & watch the dunk contest I'm judging w/ 15 top guys from LA. 8909 Maie Ave, LA, CA 90002, Come to Leon H. Washington Park tomorrow at 3:30pm & watch the dunk contest I'm hosting with 15 top guys from LA!, null, #32, Back from a great trip to China. Even got to stop by a Subway while I was there., null, 12Society commissioned this epic limited-edition canvas print. 

It's exclusively for 12Society members, so sign up now: http://bit.ly/Rgj8U4, null, vs Nuggets, null, Half-court alley-oop:, Want to win a pair of tickets to Saturday night's Clippers vs. Nuggets game at Mandalay Bay Events Center and an autographed Red Bulletin? 

Just follow @redbullLV on Twitter for all the details. It will be the first NBA game ever on the famous Las Vegas Strip!, Wanna play me in NBA 2K13? Enter GameFly's 10th Anniversary for your chance, #Clippers, Everybody go get #NBA2K13 so we can play against each other and be friends and stuff... maybe., Thanks for participating in the Hyperice giveaway.  

Here are all the lucky winners:  http://www.hyperice.com/blog/index/25

As a thank you for participating, here is a $10 off coupon off Hyperice products [Code: BLAKE2012], null, Blake Griffin & Lamar Odom at Clippers media day., null, null, One day left for you to enter and win. 

Hyperice, a great tool I use consistently.

Click to enter: http://bit.ly/HypericeBG, I'm thrilled to join the GameFly team and I look forward to hanging out with our contest winners in Los Angeles. Keep an eye out here starting October 1st for details on how to enter.

More: http://social.gamefly.com/c8v
, Loving this "new look nfl" where the guys in striped uni's take turns playing for other teams. 

Keeps us guessing., #Clippers, Having the option to erase and re-record after having to leave a voicemail is one of my favorite things about life., null, Great product. Hyperice is outfitting several teams with a nice package for free.  

Check out the giveaway for both your team and yourself., I believe ZERO children should die of preventable causes, or be exploited, or denied an education, or deprived of clean water. 

Do you?

via UNICEF USA, It's the last week to enter the 12Society Slam Dunk Contest! 

Show me what you got. 

Don't worry, you can dunk on any size hoop. My favorite dunk wins the Grand Prize: An autographed basketball and a 3 month subscription to 12Society. 

Check it out and upload your video:, Blake Griffin dunks over Tim Duncan., Blake shares his NBA2k MyPlayer with the guys on Talkin' 2K., Blake Griffin chats with the OU Football team Oklahoma Sooners - Official Page, Here is a way for you to win the recovery equipment that Blake Griffin uses.

Great contest for athletes and their teams: http://bit.ly/HypericeBG, Find out how a pic like this could win you a free trip to Red Bull King of the Rock! http://win.gs/kotrinst, #32, null, null, null, "Like" their page, and help out of you can: Cattle Baron's Ball - OKC, #2HandDunk, Big congrats to everybody involved with team USA for representing us like that. You guys deserve it. Fun to watch. #gold, #AerialView, null, #BG32, #32, Blake Griffin joins the HyperIce team., null, #OU, You got 1 on 1 game? Red Bull LAX King of the Rock qualifier is tomorrow in Venice and winner gets to play on Alcatraz for $20k! http://win.gs/qualify 
, null, Thanks to everyone who entered Blake Griffin's #Energy Instagram Contest!  Congratulations to the winner who will receive an autographed poster from Blake., null, Happy to officially sign my extension to #clippernation for 5 more years. Can't wait. Thanks for all the support., null, #USA, In Vegas for the weekend? Follow @redbullLV on Twitter for a chance to win signed merchandise from Blake Griffin on the Strip., Blake Griffin - USA Basketball, null, Today is your last day to win an autographed Blake Griffin poster! 

Just snap an Instagram photo that conveys "Energy" and tag with #Blake and #Energy to enter now. http://on.fb.me/NmU7ta, Looking back - NBA Draft day 2009., Get creative and snap some Instagram photos of "Energy".  Then tag them #Blake and #Energy for a chance to win an autographed Blake Griffin poster! 

Click here to learn more and view other entries: http://on.fb.me/NmU7ta, Check out Blake Griffin on the cover of NBA2k 13!, Check out Blake Griffin on Awesomeness TV., Congrats to both the Heat and Thunder... fun series to watch., Last week I posted a picture of me wearing a Hyperice on both knees.  This is what me and a lot of guys in the league wear after games/practices/workouts to help speed up our recovery time and take care of our joints.   For more info check out  www.hyperice.com, Red Bull athlete Blake Griffin's game thrives on ENERGY. Snap an Instagram picture that captures the essence of "Energy" and tag it with #Blake and #Energy for a chance to win an autographed poster! 

Find out more here: http://on.fb.me/NmU7ta, #recovery ..... #blakeface, I have been working hard on this new venture for the past few months. Join me and let me know what you think about 12Society. 

It is officially open for business., I am Blake Griffin, and this is my company. 

http://bit.ly/Kx2D1o, Jenga is giving away basketballs signed by Kevin Love and myself plus Jenga games! 

Find out how to win here: http://a.pgtb.me/c39C, null, null, Last chance for lift off. Get your big idea to Red Bull Launchpad before submissions close today. http://win.gs/rbLaunch , #, Before you watch the game tomorrow, tune in to Basketball on Alcatraz - Red Bull King of the Rock on CBS at 11am PT / 2pm ET, #Position, Check out Blake in Red Bull's first ever playoff spot airing through the Finals. , #Focus, #Paint, #WideOpen, Base dunking off a skyscraper? http://win.gs/JhTxo7 Red Bull Launchpad #GivesYouWings http://win.gs/launch12, #PostGame, #Top10, 5.7.12, Check out Tiger Woods Facebook Challenge and help 10 kids be the first in their families to go to college. 

Raise the most, and you’ll meet him in Washington, DC for a putting lesson and a spot in the Pro-Am at the AT&T National. Every dollar counts twice in this campaign because Tiger is matching all of it. 

Please join: http://www.facebook.com/Tiger/app_349479785104398, Playoffs focused and bummed I'm going to miss Red Bull X-Fighters this Saturday! Anyone want my VIP tickets?, #Steal, #Rebound, #TimeSquare, #Playoffs, Tune in this Sunday to watch Blake Griffin on Outside the Lines , #MSG, #Floater, #Reverse, #PostUp, #AerialView, #InTraffic, #BLOCK, #OneHand, I try to do everything Bigger and Bolder on the court. So Doritos made a chip just like me., #Rebound, ., null, #Breakaway, null, null, #OneHand, Blake Griffin visits the Sesame Street set! , #32, #PutBack, VIDEO: Watch Blake Griffin's monster put-back dunk last night against the Dallas Mavericks. The Los Angeles Clippers extended their win streak to 5 with the win!, Blake Griffin, Blake Griffin warms up before the 2nd half against the Phoenix Suns., Blake Griffin dunks against the New Orleans Hornets, Blake Griffin at the Clippers Foundation Charity "BasketBowl Challenge.", null, #Blake Griffin, #Blake, null, Blake Griffin dunks against the Rockets., null, CP3 to Blake Griffin, VIDEO: Blake Griffin blocks Gortat., 2 of Blake Griffin's 25 Pts (8 Reb, 4 Ast, 1 Blk), Check out my March Madness Bracket @thelockerroom..up against Michael Strahan Paul Pierce Snoop Dogg http://pic.twitter.com/PY27rmhN, null, Blake Griffin dunks for 2 of his team-high 24 points against the Celtics., null, null, null, null, MARCH 1: Blake Griffin #32 of the Los Angeles Clippers dunks the ball over Marcus Thornton #23 of  the Sacramento Kings., null, Congrats to Bonnie, Kyle, Decorri and Scott for winning the "Take A Shot" contest and an autographed Red Bulletin from Blake Griffin! http://on.fb.me/ztzsL1, null, VIDEO: Blake Griffin and the La Clippers are ready for a playoff run. (via Nike Basketball), null, Blake Griffin connects for 2 of his 22 points during last night's NBA ALL STAR GAME., Blake Griffin makes free throw to help seal WEST win - finishes with 22 points & 8 rebounds., At the end of 3 quarters, Blake Griffin: 17 points (8-of-9 shooting), 3 reb, 2 asst, null, null, null, null, null, 1st quarter - Blake Griffin: 10 points, 2 rebounds, Game time!, Don't forget to predict Blake Griffin's stats for tomorrow's game HERE https://apps.facebook.com/takeashotblake. 

Four fans will win a signed Red Bulletin magazine!, WEST practice with Kevin Love, null, VIDEO: Blake Griffin's Rising Stars dunks!, null, Showtime!, Lets get this!, Check this out while you wait for the game! , Warming up for the rising stars game. Who's watching?, Who's ready for the rising stars game tonight?, Giving back at today's NBA Cares event in Orlando with some buddies., All Star portrait, This time, the Kia Motors Optima dunks over Blake Griffin..., Blake & Lin, Off to rising stars practice - #TeamShaq, null, VIDEO: Blake Griffin takes his all-star portraits., Can you predict Blake Griffin's All-Star game stats?  

CLICK HERE (https://apps.facebook.com/takeashotblake) and try for a chance to win an autographed Red Bulletin magazine!, null, null, 'Take A Shot' at predicting Blake Griffin's All-Star game performance to win an autographed Red Bulletin! Enter here http://bit.ly/wX1IAl, null, null, null, null, VIDEO: Blake Griffin & CP3., null, null, Blake will represent the Los Angeles Clippers as a starter in this year's NBA ALL STAR GAME on February 26!, null, null, Vote Kia Motors’s "A Dream Car for Real Life" as your favorite in the Ad Meter poll here: http://www.usatoday.com/superbowl46/admeter.htm, Check out this exclusive clip of Blake's Red Bulletin magazine cover shoot., null, VIDEO: ESPN's "Sports Science" breaks down Blake Griffin's dunk against the Thunder., null, VIDEO: Blake Griffin's MONSTER dunk over Kendrick Perkins during last night's Clippers win over the Thunder., Check out Red Bull's latest video, featuring Blake Griffin!, "Blake Griffin became the first rookie to play in the all-star game since Yao Ming in 2003 and, perhaps not surprisingly, won the Slam Dunk Contest...." - Bloomberg News, Red Bull gives me wings on and off the court. Now it's your turn to fly. http://win.gs/RBlaunch, NBA FIT Live Healthy Week Starts today! Head over to nba.com/nbafit for great exercise and nutrition tips! , Kevin Love and the Timberwolves are in town tonight. He may have beat me when we faced off in Jenga during the off-season, but I think I got him on style. What do you guys think?, Blake Griffin added to the 2012 USA Basketball pool., See more of Blake Griffin and The Red Bulletin at www.redbulletin.com and download the free iPad app at http://win.gs/redbulletinus., On the second anniversary of the earthquake in Haiti, here are some facts: 

 • Two years after the earthquake, over half a million people are still living under tarps and tents.
 • Half of Haiti’s children are illiterate… and most don't finish 5th grade.
 • The number of orphaned and abandoned children has
doubled since the quake. …

Haiti still needs our help and we can do something about it! Aid Still Required has programs in Haiti which help reforest the countryside and provide jobs, offer trauma relief and empowerment to women suffering from PTSD and rape, and send supplies and teachers to orphanages.
Join me and thousands of others to ensure those in Haiti are not forgotten.

Go to Aid Still Required and please share this link! http://bit.ly/wTtw7y, That’s all because [Blake Griffin]'s a genuinely funny dude with the willingness to act silly on command.

“It’s not really a plan,” he explained, when asked if this was a calculated effort to become a basketball-player-slash-comic-entertainer. “It’s just how I’ve always been.”, null, The 2012 NBA All-Star Ballot Voting is LIVE!, Congrats to Deron Williams on joining Team Red Bull. Welcome to the family!, Getting ready to watch the Vizio Rose Bowl this afternoon on my VIZIO TV. What do you guys think… Oregon Ducks or Wisconsin Badgers?, VIDEO: Blake Griffin with the two hand dunk against the bulls., The Los Angeles Clippers have new commanding presence: Blake Griffin, Chris Paul and DeAndre Jordan., Behind the scenes of Blake Griffin's Men's Health cover shoot., Check out Blake Griffin in the latest issue of Men's Health, on news stands now!, Blake Griffin chats with Men's Health about his workouts., Congratulations! You unlocked over 100 exclusive pictures from Blake's ping pong video shoot... http://bit.ly/UnlockBlake 

Visit the 'UNLOCK Blake' tab to view the entire gallery and share., "Blake Griffin scored nine of his 30 points in the final 5:18, and the Los Angeles Clippers wrapped up their two-game preseason sweep of the Lakers...", VIDEO: Blake Griffin works the post., VIDEO: Blake Griffin's first big dunk of the (pre) season on the Oop from Chauncey Billups!, Help UNLOCK over 100 behind-the-scenes pictures from Blake Griffin's hilarious ping pong video shoot! The more you SHARE, the faster they unlock... http://on.fb.me/s7j6UT, null, Sports Illustrated is allowing fans to vote for a 2011 sports moment to be featured on their cover - VOTE for Blake Griffin's dunk contest jam to be featured: http://on.si.com/vbLGpa, The end of the NBA basketball lockout means the end of Blake Griffin's ping-pong career. Red Bull welcomes Blake back to the court: http://win.gs/blakeshow, "I'm just happy it's over and we get to play again...” - Blake Griffin, Me, Chris. Don't you still live with your parents? RT "Chris Kaman: Passing through OK City, who would want to live here?!", PHOTOS: Blake Griffin visited Harbor-UCLA Medical Center's pediatric clinic yesterday. Click to read more (http://bit.ly/BlakeKids). Special thanks to Skylanders Spyro's Adventure, Panini America, Hasbro's Jenga, Columbia Records - Glee & Big Time Rush & Victoria Justice., Got convinced to try a vegan meal tonight by every other person I meet in LA. #occupyfakemeat, Do yourself a favor and watch Jimmy Valvano's #espy speech on ESPN at 7pm et #nevergiveup, Just faked a phone call to get out of signing a petition then got stuck in traffic #karma, PIC: Blake Griffin on the cover of Sports Illustrated | SI.com., VIDEO: Blake Griffin hits the shot....on his way down., Blake Griffin Q&A with Made Man Magazine., VIDEO: Blake Griffin interviewed in 3D at Vizio event., VIDEO: From the archives, Blake Griffin windmill dunk against the Bucks., "A healthy Blake Griffin, on the edge of superstardom, and guard Eric Gordon give the L.A. Clippers a foundation on which to perform well in a lockout-shortened season..." - Los Angeles Times, This must be how the guys in Space Jam felt when MJ gave them their powers back through that old basketball., My version of Black Friday is deleting all the ppl in my phone who sent me a "mass thanksgiving text", Grandmother just said she could "out-eat me today" It's gonna be a long thanksgiving for her..., If the guy in the Hanes commercial was clowning my "bacon neck" to Michael Jordan right in front of me, we'd have problems., From Blake Griffin.com - watch Blake's latest videos., VIDEO: From the archives, Blake Griffin high school dunk contest., "The guy is just different." - SLAM Magazine on Blake Griffin, Add Blake Griffin to your circles on Google+, Thoughts and prayers go out to the OK state women's bball squad. So sad., #saveCommunity, "UVO, play funk..." - Blake Griffin, VIDEO: Blake Griffin and Bill Simmons chat about dunks on the Grantland set., Jenga!! Its a rematch: Blake Griffin vs Kevin Love - VIDEO, PIC: From the archives, Blake Griffin visits with Conan O'Brien Presents: Team Coco, Check out Blake Griffin on Twitter: @BlakeGriffin, PIC: From the archives, Blake Griffin on the cover of Sporting News., Is Joe Paterno on twitter or Facebook?, Check out Blake Griffin's blog on BlakeGriffin.com, Also, just ate crackers + nutella in sweatpants in the airport and that's as close to being a middle aged housewife as I'll ever get. Thanks, Also, for some of you that questioned Bill Clinton being my "big bro" I was kidding. Never thought I'd have to explain that to ppl., Just ran into my big bro Bill Clinton on his way to @thedailyshow and got a signed book, VIDEO: Blake Griffin with the put-back dunk against the Kings., please vote for my buddy Colby Cameron for player of the week. He has low self esteem (not really) and this will help, VIDEO: The best Blake Griffin year-one highlight video we've seen all week., It's raining so hard right now in la., VIDEO: From the archives, Blake Griffin talks about his first few weeks as a pro., PIC: From the archives, Blake Griffin & Amare Stoudemire work together at the All-Star Weekend day of service., VIDEO: Blake Griffin & Panini, part 3!, I take my iphone off silent when I send an email just to hear the "swoosh" sound it makes #endthelockout, VIDEO: Blake Griffin takes the top 3 spots on Sportcenter., Somebody should write a Kim Kardashian joke..., VIDEO: Blake Griffin & Kevin Love play Jenga., R.I.P. Bob Barry #Boomer, Rise 'n grid. peoples! New day, new way 2 b a better u. Only way 2 get 2 da top of da mtn iz 2 climb. Don't forget ur hikin' boots. #jk., VIDEO: Blake Griffin & KD (via LA Times)., null, VIDEO: Watch Blake Griffin on the B.S. Report!, VIDEO: From the archives, Blake Griffin dunks over the Miami Heat., "welp... another day another 500 million dollars" -bill gates, every morning, null, RT'ing a compliment instead of just replying is like reading your bday cards out loud at your party instead of a thank-you note, Oklahoma, I'm truly sorry I couldn't play, was really looking forward to being out there., VIDEO: From the archives, Blake Griffin for three!, PHOTOS: Blake Griffin's "Next Level" dunk over a Kia Motors car., So he is dead? #gadhafi RT @ZeinabSamir: مابشأنا، انا مابشفش صور، محدش يبعت لي صور القذافي مقتول، انا مابشفش صور تخوف ابدا, VIDEO: In his latest video, Blake Griffin takes dunking over a Kia to the next level... via SportsGrid - http://bit.ly/SGKia  , VIDEO: Blake Griffin takes dunking over a Kia Motors car to the next level., PODCAST: Blake Griffin chats with Bill Simmons., VIDEO: Blake Griffin on the BS Report!, null, null, Just saw Norm Mcdonald perform in the bay area.... Hilarious!, PIC: Blake Griffin arrives and hosts the launch of LA's first "3D Sports Bar" at  "South," powered by Vizio., Does a bear sit in the woods? (auto-corrected sayings that still work), This is why we can't have nice things RT CNN: Lost family calls 911 from corn maze., I'm the king of letting my phone ring for a while before I pick it up so it seems like I'm busy, Check out Blake Griffin.com for the latest news, video and pictures featuring Blake Griffin!, VIDEO: NBA star and Oklahoma alum Blake Griffin stops by College GameDay to give his football picks. (cc The University of Oklahoma), VIDEO: From the archives, Blake Griffin's College GameDay Basketball feature., Fact: Every baseball player is required to spit at least once each time the camera is on him #fakebaseballfacts, I see a lot of angry looking people for all of this "lol'ing" that's supposedly going on in the world today., "Former Sooners basketball star Blake Griffin will be the show's celebrity guest picker, OU said Wednesday..." , RIP Steve Jobs, thanks for this iPad I'm holding, the phone in my pocket, the laptop on my desk and much much more, PIC: Blake Griffinn on the cover of ESPN's Body Issue., Which one is the "half man" on 'Two and a Half Men' these days?, First day of training camp finally here can't wait for... Oh what's that NBA owners? You won't let us play? Sorry everybody..., Big shout out to football season for making it okay to not get off my couch all weekend., VIDEO: Blake Griffin dunks over Anthony Tolliver., Check out Blake Griffin in Anaheim this Saturday! (via Panini America), PIC: From the archives, Blake Griffin at the 2007 Jordan Brand High School All-American Classic at Madison Square Garden (4-21-2007)., Blake Griffin is on Twitter. Are you?, VIDEO: Blake Griffin meets "Lil' Blake.", The good thing about Twitter is you can say whatever you're thinking. The bad thing about Twitter is you can say whatever you're thinking., PIC: From the archives, Blake Griffin dunks over a University of Colorado - Boulder player., PIC: From the archives, Blake Griffin on Late Night with Jimmy Fallon!, Blake Griffin joins the guys on.... Sklarbro Country., PIC: From the archives, Sooner Blake Griffin on the cover of SI!, VIDEO: Blake Griffin's first day at his new gig with Panini America. Click for more: http://bit.ly/BlakeP, VIDEO: Written by, directed by, special effects by...and staring... Blake Griffin., What's that one movie where Jason Statham is the tough guy who kills a bunch of bad guys???, Check out Blake Griffin's Funny Or Die profile page. Find all of his videos there as they are posted!, VIDEO: Blake Griffin learns the ropes on his first day with Funny Or Die., VIDEO: Check out this great Blake Griffin fan video. Did you make one? If so, send it our way (in the comments below), and maybe we'll post it here!, VIDEO: Blake Griffin dunks over Pau Gasol., PIC: Blake Griffin accepting his Spike TV "Guys Choice Award" earlier this summer!, Dear pay-per-view, can I get some of my money back please?, #boomersooner, "Your move, Ochocinco!"- Metta World Peace/Ron Artest, VIDEO: Check out Blake Griffin's training video series from Nike Basketball, and learn how to work out and practice like Blake!, PIC: From the archives, Blake Griffin on the cover of Sports Illustrated | SI.com., Attention Actresses: If you've EVER taken nude pics, prepare a statement now for when some guy steals/releases them. It's gonna happen., What's all this talk about Scarlett Johansson and some pictures that.... Nevermind., PIC: From the archives, Blake Griffin makes his presence known in Texas., VIDEO: Blake Griffin chats about his new Nike Basketball Hyperdunk 2011's, customizable with NIKEiD - click for details: http://bit.ly/hyperdunk2011, When's the last time you saw someone using a payphone? Don't worry I'll wait..., VIDEO: From the archives, Blake Griffin on Jimmy Kimmel Live! , ALBUM: Blake Griffin's Funny Or Die internship in pictures., Kid at mall: "hi" Me: "hi" Kid: "u play bball?" Me: "yes" Kid: "are u lebron?" Me: "no" Kid: "oh" Is there a charity for colorblind kids?, "Blake Griffin has no ceiling. Mostly because no ceiling would dare try and obstruct him while he’s jumping upwards...", "NFL season started? Time for me to pick which bandwagon I'll be jumping on during the playoffs" -Millions of Americans, VIDEO: “The Tip Drill is about getting off your feet quickly, getting the rebound and tipping it in while always being able to control the ball...” - Blake Griffin, VIDEO: Blake Griffin in high school. , For the latest news & video, check out Blake Griffin's official website, BlakeGriffin.com, VIDEO: How about a few Blake Griffin Sooners dunks to get your week started? , "Blake Griffin has the tools to be the best power forward of all time..." - HoopsVibe, That awkward moment when someone you butt-dial calls you back and says "Did you mean to call me?" and you didn't..., Dear Twitter, based on some of your "who to follow" suggestions I dont think you know me as well as you think you do. Thanks., VIDEO: A look into Blake Griffin's off season workout., VIDEO: Blake Griffin on the importance of boxing out your defender, and a drill you can do at home to improve. (via Nike Basketball), Twitter has taught me to always enlarge a persons profile picture before judging them, Do you follow Blake Griffin on Twitter? Click: http://twitter.com/blakegriffin, People: Stop asking your dogs "Who's a good boy?!" 5 different times in 5 different voices. They can't understand or respond., VIDEO: From the archives, Blake Griffin reverse alley Oop slam vs Warriors., VIDEO: Interview with Blake Griffin at the Oklahoma Sooners - Official Page alumni game., "Beyonce imma let you finish but Destiny's child is the greatest of all time"-Taylor Swift, Shout out to the dude in the hummer on the 405 who just flipped off an old lady for no reason. The devil is smiling. #LA, VIDEO: Blake Griffin shows you a drill that will help you to get better position for a rebound, and throw a crisp outlet pass. (via Nike Basketball), There should be a TV show where you go through peoples google search history unannounced and call it "You're Weirder Than I Thought", Thanks for that "glass half full" approach RT @AnimalPlanet: Hurricane #Irene Could Drive Subway Rats to Surface, Blake Griffin set to play in the Oklahoma Sooners - Official Page Alumni Legends game., VIDEO: Blake Griffin teaches you how to train for rebounding. Get off the ground quicker, and finish stronger around the rim., Steve Jobs texted his employees that he would be quitting his job but bc of auto-correct they thought he was just he was quilting with rob., VIDEO: A lil’ true/false test from Blake Griffin for you detention-heads this week. Check it., Sometimes I wonder if Lady Gaga's brain knows what Lady Gaga's body is actually wearing, Via Funny Or Die - "Our new intern Blake Griffin brought lunch for the whole office! He's the best.", My 2nd day as a @funnyordie intern I learned: how to hunt with my bare hands. So much more to learn., "(Blake Griffin) is a player that had us all cackling at his initial press gathering as an NBA player...went toe-to-toe with Peter Mehlman...and acquitted himself well in two visits with Norm MacDonald...", Blake Griffin began his internship at Funny Or Die today. Yes, his internship., VIDEO: From the archives, Blake Griffin dunks at the West 4th St. Courts in NYC., Blake Griffin's Nike Basketball Hyperdunk 2011 - 'Quake Colorway., "Wake up in the mornin feelin like pdiddy" Oh really, ke$ha? You know what's it's like to be a rich, middle aged, black man?, "Oh I KNOW you didn't leave me for for THIS chump?!?!?" - Every person ever on "Cheaters/Jerry Springer: I cheated edition", VIDEO: From the archives, Blake Griffin dunks off of a bounce pass during the Rookie Challenge. , If To Catch A Predator w/ Chris Hansen was recorded in front of a live audience it would be considered a comedy and I'd wait in line for it, Blake Griffin has been busy this summer...take a look!, Whenever I want to feel good about myself I go read all of the arguments in the comment sections of random YouTube videos., VIDEO: So you wanna be in the Top 10 highlights of the day? Week?
Month? Year? History? Mr. Blake Griffin has your lesson. Listen up..., "A healthy Blake Griffin, a determined Blake Griffin, and a potentially improved Blake Griffin is great news for the Clippers...", Someone tell steve jobs not to worry about auto-correct, if you misspell anything someone on twitter will call you out faster., Does Steve Jobs or Bill Gates have a twitter? My iPhone is frozen and I need answers., "Recent bowling event hosted by Blake Griffin in Oklahoma raised at least $100,000 for Stand Up To Cancer and the Wilson Holloway Memorial Scholarship Fund.", ALBUM: Blake Griffin's bowling event to benefit Stand Up To Cancer., Accidentally hit a squirrel yesterday in my car. Feel so guilty I could barely sleep. Casey Anthony is a monster., PIC: From the archives, first-time All-Stars Kevin Love & Blake Griffin in 2011., VIDEO: When elevation strikes, no court is safe. The Blake Griffin Nike Zoom Hyperdunk 2011. Light. Powerful. Ready for lift off. Click to view the shoe: http://bit.ly/BlakeHyperDunk
, "On Thursday there was a local pickup game featuring Clippers star Blake Griffin, No. 2 overall draft pick Derrick Williams, Lakers rookie Darius Morris and other NBA players trying to stay busy.", VIDEO: Check out a dunk from Blake Griffin's point of view (wearing a head cam). , Day 1 of detention with Blake Griffin. Pay Attention!, Just met the most unbelievably cool kid, David Stroud and his friends and family. You're the man David., Proudest moment last season? - "We had a stretch of games in January where we won like nine straight home games. We were really having a lot of fun as a team, and honestly that was by far the best moment of the season." - Blake Griffin on his Clippers
, Last day to pre-order the Blake Griffin Nike Hyperdunk 2011 and get this free limited edition Blake Poster. Click to order your pair now - http://bit.ly/BlakeHyperDunk -, VIDEO: He didn't finish the dunk, but Blake Griffin gets HIGH on this play... , VIDEO: Blake Griffin dunks over 3 Jazz players., How many Subway Famous Fans will it take to help improve Brian Baumgartner’s (Kevin from The Office) golf game?! Find out today at 4PM EST on NBC! Any golfers out there?, Watching Deion Sanders HOF speech is like watching BET Sunday morning gospel programming. Except there's no choir., VIDEO: Blake Griffin dunk on the inbound play (OU vs TTU)., Big thanks to @deandrejordan for coming to hang with the kids at my camp yesterday. And for answering all their weird questions. #kidding, VIDEO: Blake Griffin on the lockout, off-season workouts., "I haven't stopped working out really since May..." - Blake Griffin, On Friday, Blake Griffin will try his hand at bowling to benefit the Wilson Holloway scholarship fund, and to benefit Stand Up To Cancer!, Just watched the Derek Jeter documentary on HBO. Unbelievable accomplishment and very fun to watch. #biracialangel, "Blake Griffin served as the spokesman for the "2011 Nestle Very Best in Youth Awards." , PIC: Blake Griffin at his kids b-ball camp in OK today., PIC: Awesome time-delay photo of Blake Griffin's dunk., Just saw horrible bosses ... Hilarious, PODCAST: Blake Griffin Talks About His Charity Event, Camp, Entourage, Basketball and More..., ESPN's TrueHoop Q&A with Blake Griffin. , This Friday, Blake Griffin will take to the lanes, bowling for Wilson Holloway, and to benefit Stand Up To Cancer!, Congrats to my bro @tgriff32 and his beautiful bride on an amazing wedding last night. big thanks to everyone in attendance., The lady in front of me is checking out in the express lane with more than 10 items... Should I say something?, VIDEO: Happy Friday - Blake Griffin spins & dunks., Only 25 spots left for Blake Griffin's camp in Oklaholma. The 25 kids that take those slots will be entered to win a pair of Nike's autographed by Blake! Click here to register: http://bit.ly/BlakeCamp, Anyone who pre-orders the Blake Griffin Nike Hyperdunk 2011 will receive this free limited edition Blake Poster. Click to pre-order your pair now - http://bit.ly/BlakeHyperDunk  -, VIDEO: Tomorrow, pre-sale begins for the official Blake Griffin Hyperdunk 2011 from Nike. Details in the AM. For now, here is an interview with the shoe's designer, Leo Chang., Train with Blake Griffin! Camp is filling up, get your spot now!, Learn from Blake Griffin at his kids B-Ball skill camp! Click below for details and to sign up!, "Blake Griffin will be hosting his 1st Annual Bowling Down Cancer Charity Event, benefiting the Wilson Holloway Scholarship Fund and Stand Up To Cancer.", PIC: Blake Griffin & Dwight Howard at the 2011 All-Star game., August 5th, 2011 - Blake Griffin's "Bowling Down Cancer," to benefit Stand Up To Cancer and the Wilson Holloway Scholarship Fund. Details on the way..., "It's important for young kids to understand and have a sense of pride in their community, to help out and do their part..." - Blake Griffin, PIC: Blake Griffin with a ferocious dunk in the final game of the 2011 NBA season., Wheels down in Vegas.... Anybody know what time carrot top performs? #kidding, Happy birthday to my boy Deandre Jordan ... They grow up so fast!, VIDEO: Blake Griffin interviewed at the ESPYs, asked about the lockout, and about playing Kevin Love in Jenga., “I figured the best place to start was back in Oklahoma,” - Blake Griffin, “I figured the best place to start was back in Oklahoma,” - Blake Griffin, VIDEO: From the archives, Taylor Griffin & Blake Griffin combine for 46 of their team's 82 points against Morgan State., What do you think of Blake Griffin's Nike Zoom Hyperdunk 2011?, VIDEO: Blake Griffin dunks over DJ Mbenga., PIC: From the archives, Blake Griffin with an acrobatic block on Tim Duncan., Miami... Good to see you again. What's going on?, From Blake Griffin.com, Blake takes home the Breakthrough Athlete Award at the ESPYs., PHOTO ALBUM: Blake Griffin at the 2011 ESPY Awards!, VIDEO: In case you missed it - Blake Griffin, Tyson Chandler Adrian Peterson & Kevin Love are Lockout Professionals., Congrats to Blake Griffin for winning the Breakout Athlete award at last night's ESPYs!, Thanks for all the messages from everyone. And thanks to all the fans who voted... I appreciate it. #lockoutprofesionals, VIDEO: Blake Griffin & Kevin Love., PIC: Blake on the ESPYs red carpet., PIC: From the archives, OU's Blake Griffin makes it look easy vs Syracuse (2009)., Voting is LIVE for ESPN's best play of the year. Vote for Blake Griffin's dunk over Mosgov., VIDEO: Blake Griffin full court crossover & dunk., VIDEO: Kevin Love & Blake Griffin play Jenga., VIDEO: Blake Griffin gets in on the fun..., This will probably be my only tweet about women's soccer but Hope Solo has serious swag. Congrats to the us women's team #worldcup, I guess they're taking this lockout stuff pretty seriously Kevin Love, VIDEO: OU's Blake Griffin with a serious block....on Derrick Rose of Memphis., ESPY's - Blake Griffin's dunk over Mosgov has advanced to the final voting round for "Play of the Year." Head over to -> ESPN and keep voting for Blake!, VIDEO: From the archives, Blake Griffin bounce through the legs, windmill dunk off the backboard. , "Blake Griffin is one of the most exciting players in basketball and has proven that he is an all-star on and off the court...", PIC: Blake Griffin pins a shot by Reggie Williams to the backboard., Happy Fourth!, VIDEO: Blake Griffin wants to be in RAGE...and he'll jump over a tiger to make it happen..., PIC: Blake Griffin skies to the rim., VIDEO: Click below to watch a tomahawk dunk from Blake Griffin's point of view - http://bit.ly/k6oMmc, VIDEO: From the archives, Blake Griffin dunks over a Colorado player while at OU., VIDEO: Blake Griffin ready to lead the Los Angeles Clippers. (via NBA), PIC: First time all-stars Kevin Love & Blake Griffin at the 2011 game., VIDEO: Blake Griffin with the pre-season dunk in 2009., PIC: Great shot of Blake Griffin before a game this year., Congrats to all the guys drafted tonight. Just the beginning., Draft Day! In 2009, Blake Griffin was chosen #1 overall by the Clippers., "You have to put in the extra hours when everyone else goes home. You have to fall in love with the process of training to become a better player.” – Blake Griffin, PIC: Blake Griffin doing what he does best., Blake Griffin officially teams up with Kia Motors., PIC: Blake Griffin floats to the rim for a reverse dunk., VIDEO: Behind the scenes of Blake Griffin's "The Blake Show," at Nike Vault Los Angeles. , PIC: From the archives, Blake Griffin of OU & Tyler Hansbrough of UNC., PIC: From the archives, Blake Griffin dunks against Memphis earlier this year., VIDEO: Lots of Blake Griffin dunks!, Blake Griffin chats with the LA Times., PIC: Blake Griffin arrives at the premiere of 'The Green Lantern' at Grauman's Chinese Theatre in Hollywood last night., PIC: From the archives, Blake Griffin shoots over Lebron., VIDEO: From the archives, Blake Griffin dunking at OU., VIDEO: Blake Griffin gives you a tour of his new TV & entertainment room, and a sneak peak at the new Vizio Tablet!, VIDEO: A look back at Rookie of the Year, Blake Griffin. (via NBA), null, VIDEO: From the archives, Blake Griffin's draft day., PIC: From the archives, Blake Griffin with musician Pete Wentz after he threw out the first pitch before the Dodgers game in 2009., VIDEO Blake Griffin chats one-on-one with Ahmad Rashad. (via NBA), VIDEO: Slow Motion Blake Griffin., PIC: From the archives, Blake Griffin chats with NBA veteran Grant Hill., null, Check out BlakeGriffin.com for exclusive video, interviews and news about Blake Griffin!, VIDEO: Blake Griffin gets up!, PIC: From the archives, Sooners PF Blake Griffin (23) blocks Kevin Langford (32) of Texas Christian [December 2, 2007]., PIC: From the archives, Blake Griffin dunks over TWO Golden State Warriors players (January 14, 2011)., VIDEO: Blake Griffin challenged Busboy Ricardo last night on Jimmy Kimmel Live!, Tonight, Blake Griffin will be hanging out at Jimmy Kimmel Live for JKL Game Night. Can Blake be beat at Pop-A-Shot? Tune in to ABC before the NBA Finals tip-off to find out!, VIDEO: Blake Griffin 360., "Blake Griffin had to scale considerable heights, even by his standards, to finish this one off. The ball sailed heavenward – headed, it appeared, right for the hands of Suns center Marcin Gortat. But Griffin is Griffin, and Gortat isn’t..." , Honoree Blake Griffin and former NFL player Michael Strahan hold a $21 million check which was presented to Cedars Sinai Hospital at the Sports Spectacular event in Los Angeles last weekend., VIDEO: Behind the scenes for Blake Griffin's RAGE video shoot. For more, check out the feature on ESPN: http://es.pn/l135GV - #tigerdunk, PIC: Blake Griffin rises for a dunk attempt against Marcin Gortat #4 of the Phoenix Suns at Staples Center on March 20, 2011 in Los Angeles, California., PIC: Blake Griffin was honored at the 2011 Sports Spectacular last night!, VIDEO: Blake Griffin's top 10 plays in November. Do you have a favorite dunk/play from this clip?, PIC: Blake Griffin walks the red carpet at the Hangover II premiere in Los Angeles., Blake Griffin should be in RAGE right? Blake wants to be in RAGE. , Blake Griffin will chat with ESPN SportsNation at 3pm today. Click here to submit your questions: http://es.pn/iPNTh3, VIDEO: ESPN's "The Rookie" takes us behind the scenes for Blake Griffin's off season workouts., PIC: From the archives, Blake Griffin finishes the reverse dunk against the Warriors., VIDEO: From the archives, Blake Griffin dunks after a pretty pass from Ginobili during this year's NBA All Star game!, Maybe you can't afford to win Blake Griffin's auction for the Kia Motors car from the dunk contest, but you can still help Stand Up To Cancer!, Blake Griffin is being honored at the Sports Spectacular on Sunday, May 22nd in Los Angeles. Win an all expense paid trip and attend the event by entering here: www.facebook.com/SportsSpectacular, VIDEO: From the archives, Blake Griffin wins his first dunk contest. (Keep an eye out for Kevin Love, OJ Mayo, Cole Aldrich, Jerryd Bayless, Derrick Rose and Michael Beasley in this classic vid!), Blake Griffin received 58 first team votes to lead this year's NBA All-Rookie team., Blake Griffin is donating the Kia Motors car from his dunk contest slam to benefit Stand Up To Cancer in honor of his friend Wilson Holloway. Check out the auction on AutoTrader.com! , Did you know? Blake Griffin is the 1st rookie to average 20 points, 10 rebounds and 3 assists in a season since Larry Bird in 1979-80., “It wasn’t just what you saw on the court,” said Clippers coach Vinny Del Negro of Blake Griffin. “It was how he got his teammates ready for each game in the locker room. It was the autographs he signed, the appearances he made.”, VIDEO: From the archives, Blake Griffin with the finish., PIC: Blake Griffin chats with Ahmad Rashad after winning the NBA Rookie of the Year award., Blake Griffin is donating the Kia Motors car from his dunk contest slam to benefit Stand Up To Cancer in honor of his friend Wilson Holloway. Check out the auction on AutoTrader.com!, VIDEO: Did you catch Blake Griffin on Conan last night? (Conan O'Brien Presents: Team Coco) Watch here!, All season on court we saw Blake Griffin’s, #TheBlakeShow. Now check out #TheBlakeShow off court: (http://bit.ly/Nikebb), A sweep of the Rookie of the Month Award + ROY has been by accomplished by only seven players in league history:  Ralph Sampson (83-84), David Robinson (89-90) Tim Duncan (97-98), Carmelo Anthony (03-04), LeBron James (03-04), Chris Paul (05-06) and now Blake Griffin (10-11)., Whats next for NBA Rookie of the Year Blake Griffin? Here's a sneak peak., Blake Griffin of the Los Angeles Clippers has been named 2010-11 NBA Rookie of the Year! Griffin is the first unanimous Rookie of the Year selection since David Robinson in 1989-90, receiving 118 first-place votes (590 points) from an equal number of sportswriters and broadcasters throughout the United States and Canada., PHOTO ALBUM: Blake Griffin boxing out and defending the biggest bodies (and the biggest stars) in the NBA., VIDEO: Everything looks better in slow motion, especially these Blake Griffin dunks against the Nets., Have you checked out www.Blake Griffin.com lately? Lots of exclusive video's and pics of your favorite high-flying Clipper! (http://www.BlakeGriffin.com), VIDEO: From the archives, Blake Griffin with a monster dunk against the Rockets., PIC: Blake Griffin last night after the Childish Gambino show, hanging with Donald Glover & Danny Pudi from NBC's Community., VIDEO: Blake Griffin dunks, and an impressed Amar'e can't help but nod with approval., PIC: From the archives, does this dunk look familiar? (Blake Griffin #23 of the Oklahoma Sooners dunks over Zack Novak of Michigan on March 21, 2009 in Kansas City, MO), VIDEO: Blake Griffin blocks John Wall., VIDEO: From the archives, Blake Griffin throws down the bounce-pass alley Oop from John Wall during the Rookie/Sophomore game at All-Star Weekend 2011., VIDEO: From the archives, Blake Griffin throws down the 50 foot alley Oop dunk., Don't forget, today Blake Griffin will join Kia Motors at the New York International Auto Show (Javits Center NYC)., VIDEO: From the archives, Blake Griffin strectch-back alley-Oop vs Boston Celtics in slow motion. , On Saturday afternoon, Blake Griffin will join Kia Motors at the New York International Auto Show (Jacob Javits Convention Center on 11th btwn 34 & 40 Streets)., PHOTO: A Look back at one of Blake Griffin's dunks from All-Star weekend., Have you checked out Blake Griffin on Twitter lately? He was chatting directly with fans earlier today! (https://twitter.com/blakegriffin), VIDEO: Re-live all 214 of Blake Griffin's dunks from this season. Do you have a favorite?, LA Times: Blake Griffin looks back on his rookie season., VIDEO: A look back at one of Blake Griffin's best dunks of the season! , Blake Griffin named Rookie of the Month for April, sweeping the award for the 2010-11 season., VIDEO: A look back at Blake Griffin's 360 dunk from All-Star weekend. , Blake Griffin finished the 2010-11 NBA season averaging a double-double (22pts and 12 rebounds per game), with 989 rebounds (4th in the league), 2 Triple-Doubles and 63 Double-Doubles (3rd in the league, behind only Kevin Love and DHoward)!, Blake Griffin and the Clippers finished off the season with a bang - a 110-103 victory over Memphis. Blake left it all on the floor, recording the 2nd triple-double of his NBA career: 31 points, 10 rebounds and 10 assists., Last chance this season to catch Blake Griffin and the Clippers. Tune in tonight at 7:30pm for coverage from the Staples Center (vs Memphis)!, VIDEO: Did you catch Norm as Blake Griffin last night on the Sports Show with Norm Macdonald?, Blake Griffin voted by Huffington Post Sports as NBA Rookie of the Year.
, Blake Griffin voted by ESPN writers as the NBA Rookie of the Year., Blake Griffin and teammate DeAndre Jordan will appear in tonight’s premiere episode of the Sports Show with Norm Macdonald at 10:30PM on Comedy Central., VIDEO: Blake Griffin over the balcony trick shot., Blake Griffin talks with SLAM Online about his new partnership with Panini Memorabilia in this Q+A., Do you have a favorite Blake Griffin dunk? Let us know in the comments!, PIC: Blake Griffin scores two of his 13 points in last nights game against Houston. He also had 10 rebounds: his 62nd double-double of the year., PIC: Blake Griffin finishes a reverse dunk against the Rockets earlier this year. Tonight, Blake and the Clippers take on the Rockets in Houston. Tip-off at 5:30 West Coast time!, VIDEO: Blake Griffin hustles, dives on the floor, gets the dunk last night against Dallas. (Via NBA), PIC: Blake Griffin works down low against Tyson Chandler. Tonight, Blake and the clippers take on Tyson, Dirk and the rest of the Mavs in Dallas. Tip-off at 7:30 TX time!, VIDEO: Blake Griffin scores 2 of his 35 points on a reverse Alley-Oop last night against the Thunder in OKC. He also had 11 rebounds and 6 assists, his 61st double-double of the year., Tonight, Blake Griffin and the Clippers head to Oklahoma,  Blake's home state, to face the Thunder. Just four more games this season to catch Blake and the Clippers in action! Tip-off at 7pm., VIDEO: Blake Griffin dunks for 2 of his 15 points in last night's 82-81 Clippers win over Memphis. Blake also had 14 rebounds and 3 steals: his 60th double-double of the year., PIC: Blake battles to get a shot off against Marc Gasol. Tonight, Blake Griffin and the Clippers head to Memphis to take on the Grizzlies., VIDEO: Blake Griffin dunks against the Lakers. Blake and the Clippers have the night off to get ready for Memphis tomorrow night., PIC: Blake Griffin scoops up and under the rim past Kevin Durant for 2 of his 26 points in last night's Clippers win over the Thunder. Blake also had 16 rebound for his 59th double-double of the year., PIC: Blake Griffin grabs one of his 13 rebounds last night against the Suns. He also had 20 points, securing his 58th double-double of the year. Only six games left to watch Blake and the clippers, including tonight against the OKC Thunder (on NBATV)!, Blake Griffin (20.5 ppg & 10.4 rpg) today was named T-Mobile Rookie of Month for March (via NBA.com)., VIDEO: Blake Griffin and the Clippers take on the Suns tonight. Here are some Blake highlights from their meeting back in December. Coverage for tonight's game starts at 7pm West Coast time., From Blake Griffin.com: A video diary of Blake's dunks in March., Blake Griffin spins on Dirk for 2 of his 25 points last night at Staples Center. Blake also grabbed 17 rebounds, had 3 assists and 3 steals for his 57th double-double of the year., Blake Griffin dunks on the Mavs earlier this season. Dallas vs LA Clippers tonight at 7:30!, CC Sabathia used the Subway Dunk Fresh App to dunk like Blake Griffin! What do you think, does the Yankees Ace pitcher have career potential on the hardwood?, Tomorrow night, Blake Griffin and the Clippers take on Jason Kidd, Tyson Chandler, Dirk Nowitziki and the Mavs at the Staples Center. Tip-off at 7:30 (PT)!, PIC: From last Friday's game against the Lakers - Blake Griffin stretches out for the one-handed alley-Oop., Blake Griffin scores 2 of his 22 points in the Clippers win over the Raptors on Saturday. Blake added 16 rebounds and 5 assists, recording his 56th double-double of the year., Tonight, Blake Griffin and the Clippers take on Toronto at the Staples Center. Only 9 games left in 2011 to cheer on Blake and the Clips!, Clippers vs Lakers Dunk of the night: Gasol? Blake's half-court slam? Brown? Artest? Blake's one hand alley-oop? (via NBA.com), VIDEO: Blake Griffin put-back dunk last night against the Wizards. , Last night, Blake Griffin posted his first career triple-double in a double-OT win against the Wizards (127-119). Blake scored 33 points, grabbed 17 rebounds, dished out 10 assists, and had a steal and a block to lead the Clippers., Blake Griffin and the Clippers continue their home-stand tonight against John Wall and the Wizards. Tune-in at 7:30 west-coast time for coverage from the Staples Center!, Blake met with President Clinton last week at the Los Angeles Millennium Network Event., From BlakeGriffin.com: "Despite his team trailing late in Sunday’s game, Blake Griffin saw an opportunity to throw down a dunk and motivate his team into a comeback victory...", Wall Street Journal: "One possible explanation for Blake Griffin 's fire: the fact that he has an older brother who plays, too.", VIDEO: Everything looks better in slow motion, especially Blake Griffin flying., PICS: Last week Blake Griffin attended the Millennium
 Network Event hosted by President Bill Clinton in LA. Check out the pictures, including Blake with singer Drake!, VIDEO: Blake Griffin dunks over Gortat, but is called for the offensive foul. What do you think?, Blake Griffin and the Clippers take on the Suns today at the Staples Center. 12:30 tip-off West Coast time!, VIDEO: Blake Griffin dunks against the Cavaliers. Clippers and Cavs today at the Staples Center!, VIDEO: From the archives, Blake Griffin scores a career-high 47 points on MLK day. Check out all 47 points in less than 2 minutes! (via NBA), As the NBA season winds down, Blake Griffin's star is shining bright. , Shout-out to Clippers fan Melania for her Blake Griffin birthday sign at last night's game!, Last night, Blake Griffin received the T-Mobile Rookie of the Month award for the month of February 2011., Congratulations to our winners of the Blake Griffin 59FIFTY New Era hat contest!, Blake Griffin dunks for 2 of his 14 points last night against the 76ers., Blake Griffin and the Clippers look to get another win tonight as they head home to the Staples Center after going 3-2 on their East Coast road trip. Game tips off at 7:30 (PT)!, Blake Griffin is giving away autographed gear on the PowerBar Facebook fanpage!  Click this link and enter for chance to win one of 10 items: http://www.facebook.com/PowerBar, Blake Griffin grabs a rebound in last night's game in Memphis., VIDEO: Blake Griffin reverse dunk from last night's game against the Grizzlies., Blake Griffin and the Clippers look to end their road trip on a high note as they head to the FedEx Forum in Memphis tonight to face the Grizzlies. Coverage starts at 4pm West Coast time!, PIC: Another Blake Griffin dunk from this past weekend's game against the Wizards., VIDEO: Blake Griffin with a mean block on John Wall last night., Blake Griffin scored 26 points in the first half as the Clippers beat John Wall and the Wizards 122-101 last night., VIDEO: Blake Griffin's one-handed jam from last night against NJ., Blake Griffin dunks last night in overtime against the Nets for 2 of his 23 points., Blake Griffin and the Clippers head to Newark, NJ tonight to take on the Nets. Tune-in at 7pm Eastern time or 4pm West Coast!, Blake will be choosing 20 winners on Monday! Don't forget to enter to win a custom fitted Blake Griffin New Era 59FIFTY hat. Click the "Limited Edition Blake Griffin 59FIFTY 
Hat Contest" tab on the left side of this profile, or you can click here
 (http://on.fb.me/etrmbj). Follow the directions there and you will be entered to win!, FROM THE ARCHIVES: Blake Griffin #15 of the West Team defends Nolan Smith #22 during the McDonald's All American High School Basketball Game on March 28, 2007 at Freedom Hall in Louisville, Kentucky., VIDEO: Behind the scenes at Blake Griffin's Subway Dunk Fresh shoot. Create your own dunk video here: http://www.SubwayDunkFresh.com, Blake Griffin has had one of the busiest and most dramatic months in the NBA. , Blake Griffin shoots over Kevin Garnett of the Boston Celtics in last night's Clippers win., Tonight, Blake Griffin and the Clippers head to Boston to take on KG, Rajon Rondo, Paul Pierce and the rest of the Celtics at the Garden. Game starts at 4:30 West Coast time!, Don't forget to enter to win a custom fitted Blake Griffin New Era 59FIFTY hat. Click the "Limited Edition Blake Griffin 59FIFTY Hat Contest" tab on the left side of this profile, or you can click here (http://on.fb.me/etrmbj). Follow the directions there and you will be entered to win!, Blake Griffin's dunk from last night!, Blake Griffin boxes out two Bobcats to grab one of his 15 rebounds in last nights Clippers win (92-87). Blake also scored 17 points (his 54th double-double of the year)., Tonight, Blake Griffin and the Clippers take on the Bobcats in Charlotte. Tune-in at 4pm West-Coast time (7pm ET)!, VIDEO: Blake Griffin's stretch alley-Oop dunk against the Celtics in super slow motion., Want to win a limited edition Blake Griffin New Era 59FIFTY hat? Blake is giving away 20 of the custom fitted hats that he designed. To enter you can click the "Limited Edition Blake Griffin 59FIFTY Hat Contest" tab on the left side of this profile, or you can click here (http://on.fb.me/etrmbj). Follow the directions and you will be entered to win!, Last night Blake Griffin scored 18 points & had 12 rebounds for the double-double (his 53rd of the year & 20th in his last 22 games) as the Clippers beat the Nuggets 100-94., Tonight, Blake and the Los Angeles Clippers take on the Nuggets. Tune-in at 7:30!, FROM THE ARCHIVES: Brothers Taylor (#32) and Blake Griffin (#23) of the Oklahoma Sooners compete against the Purdue Boilermakers during the Championship game of the Pre-Season NIT Tournament in November, 2008 at Madison Square Garden in New York City., We love it, Buffalo Bills RB CJ Spiller dunking like Blake!, Video: NBA takes us inside...get ready for 24 hours of Blake Griffin, Blake Griffin takes a charge during last night's win over Houston., Blake Griffin recorded his 52nd double-double of the year last night (20pts, 14reb) as the Los Angeles Clippers beat the Rockets 106-103., Blake Griffin and the Clippers will be at the Staples Center tonight @ 7:30pm to take on the Houston Rockets. Anyone going to the game?, Watch New York Giants DE Justin Tuck dunk like Blake!, Blake Griffin was named West Rookie of the Month for February. This is the fourth-straight month Blake had taken home the award., Make sure you check out BlakeGriffin.com for the latest videos of Blake Griffin and news about the Clippers season!, PIC: Blake Griffin grabs one of his 12 rebounds last night against SAC. He added 27 points to claim his 51st double-double of the season., The Clippers and Blake Griffin face the Kings tonight in Sacramento. Tune-in at 7pm as Blake looks to add to his 149 dunks so far this season., VIDEO: Did you catch Blake Griffin's one-handed alley-Oop dunk from the Celtics vs Clippers game on Saturday night?, Last night, Blake Griffin received his trophy for January NBA Rookie of the Month., null, null, null, null, null, Mid-jump on his 360 dunk., null, Blake Griffin recorded his 49th double-double of the year last night, grabbing 11 boards and scoring 22pts against the Lakers., VIDEO: An exclusive look at Blake Griffin's new commercial for Kia Motors. You may recognize the dunk., The Los Angeles Clippers and Blake Griffin finally head home tomorrow night to face Paul Pierce and the Celtics. How will Blake and his crew handle the new-look Boston bench?, null, Blake Griffin scores 2 of his 21 points last night against the Hornets - he added 11 rebounds to grab his 48th double-double of the year., Do you follow Blake on Twitter? If you don't, you should!, Did you catch Blake Griffin's return to Oklahoma last night? Blake scored 28pts and had 11reb and 8ast, just missing the triple-double in a hard fought loss to the Thunder., Tim McGhee, Senior VP for IMG Consulting: "Blake did two or three [at the practice] and they were all flawless, so that was it." He jumped over the car so easily at the rehearsal that there was some talk, not necessarily serious talk, of him jumping over the roof.", The Los Angeles Clippers and their All-Star forward Blake Griffin head to Blake's home state of Oklahoma tonight to face Kevin Durant and the Thunder. Are you excited for the 2nd half?, "“I’ve been there. You know what I mean? I had my time,” he said. “It’s very important for the game to continue to have young stars emerge. It’s great for the league to get behind Blake and what he’s doing. It’s important for me to step aside. I’ve had that." - Kobe Bryant, What was your favorite Blake Griffin All-Star weekend moment? Rookie Game Dunks...Dunk Contest...Red Carpet...Jimmy Kimmel Live... his dunks in the All Star Game??, Big victory for the West (143-148). Blake Griffin finished with 8pts, 5reb and 5ast in 15 min of play in his first NBA All-Star game!, PIC: Blake Griffin with his first NBA All-Star dunk as Chris Bosh and the Celtics All-Stars look on., PIC: Blake Griffin All-Star pre-game., SportsGuy Bill Simmons knows how good Blake Griffin is!, 2 big dunks for Blake Griffin early on. Blake definitely holding his own against the leagues elite!, Blake Griffin has checked into the game. Lets go NBA West All-Stars!, PIC: Blake Griffin talking with Rick Fox on the NBA All-Star Game Magenta carpet! Game is about to start, tune in on TNT!, Blake talks about the dunks he did and ones he decided not to do, Warming up with Kevin Love and Russell Westbrook, Blake's signature on the Kia that he dunked over, PIC: Blake Griffin's official NBA All-Star Weekend portrait., Big day today! Blake Griffin is appearing in his first NBA All-Star game. Watch Blake and his West teammates (Kevin Love, Kobe, Pau, Duncan, KD, Dirk, CP3, Carmelo, Manu, Westbrook & Deron) tonight on TNT!, Blake shows off his Sprite Slam Dunk Contest trophy., Great shot of Blake's 3rd dunk., FAN PHOTO: Blakes arm-in-rim dunk!, VIDEO: Blake Griffin off the backboard with arm hang at the beginning of the finals round of the Sprite Dunk Contest., VIDEO: Blake Griffin's 360 dunk from the first round of the Sprite Dunk Contest -  judges gave it 49pts (out 50)., VIDEO: Blake Griffin's winning dunk!, PIC: Blake Griffin with his Slam Dunk Contest trophy., PIC: Blake Griffin's winning dunk from above the rim!, PIC: Blake Griffin with his trophy for the Sprite Dunk Contest!, Blake @ Rookie Game - warming up!, Fan Photo - Slam Dunk Champ!, PIC: Blake Griffin's winning dunk! Over a Kia Motors car!, Champion! Blake Griffin is your 2011 Sprite Slam Dunk Contest winner!, ........... Blake Griffin dunks OVER a CAR ......... head to NBA.com to VOTE for BLAKE now!, Blake Griffin is about to DUNK over a Kia Motors car........ Use your phone to TEXT vote for Blake Griffin: ........ Text "A" to "DUNKS" (3-8-6-5-7) now!, ........... POWERFUL and HIGH dunk-  Blake Griffin leaves his WHOLE ARM in the rim...... Fan votes count... go to NBA.com to VOTE for BLAKE!!, McGee and Blake Griffin headed to the Sprite dunk contest finals! What do you think Blake has in store to grab the win??, ...............Powerful alley-Oop..........Blake Griffin secures a place in the contest finals with 46pts in the 2nd round!, ............... 360 DUNK .......... Blake Griffin grabs second place after the first round (49pts)!, Here we go, its time for the Sprite Dunk Contest. Turn on TNT now to see what Blake Griffin's got up his sleeve!, PIC: The Sprite NBA Dunk Contest contestants. Who's got this: Blake Griffin  #Serge #DeMar or #JaVale?, PIC: Blake Griffin taking his All-Star Saturday night portrait!, Just a few more hours until Blake Griffin competes in his first NBA Sprite Dunk Contest. What kind of dunk do you want to see Blake throw down tonight??, CONTEST: Win a Blake Griffin autographed basketball! (From Myspace), PIC: Blake Griffin & Pau at practice earlier today., PIC: #32 Blake Griffin meets the media after practice., PIC: Kevin Love + Russell Westbrook + Blake Griffin, PIC: Blake Griffin with the West All-Star team at morning shoot-around., Want to see what it would be like to dunk like Blake Griffin? Check out this app from SUBWAY and then send us the videos you create! , VIDEO: Tonight is the big night... Sprite Slam Dunk Showdown: The NBA Dunk Contest. Check out this video of Blake Griffin finding out he was invited to compete., PICS: A few from the Myspace party last night., PIC: Blake Griffin & Olympic Gold Medalist Lisa Leslie at the NBA Rookie Game! , PIC: Blake Griffin's official NBA All-Star Portrait!, After seeing Blake Griffin's dunks tonight, do you think he will take dunk contest tomorrow? Show Blake your support: If you think he's gonna win, PRESS LIKE!, VIDEO: Bounce pass reverse dunk, Wall to Blake Griffin. Rookie Game Highlight! , VIDEO: Wall to Blake Griffin Alley-Oop dunk from the 1st half., TRENDING: After his performance in tonight's rookie game, Blake Griffin is the #5 trending topic on Facebook. Thanks to NBA Pulse for the info, and thanks to you all for supporting Blake!, UPDATE: Rookies win 148-140, Blake Griffin finishes with 14pts (7-10 from the field), 3reb, and a huge reverse dunk! Stay tuned for the video clip., VOTE: Blake Griffin has had some huge dunks in tonight's NBA Rookie game. Show your love!, D-Wade, Amar'e, Blake Griffin, JaVale, and Russell Westbrook - NBA Cares., Blake Griffin helping out for NBA Cares!, UPDATE: 4 points on 2 huge dunks from Blake Griffin in the first half of the NBA All-Star Weekend Rookie game., VIDEO: Blake Griffin had 137 dunks in the first half. Watch them all in this incredible highlight!, Blake Griffin warming up for the NBA Rookie Game!, The game is about to start. Are you all ready to see Blake Griffin and the Rookies kick-off All-Star weekend??, Media day!, Blake having his official portrait taken for NBA All-Star 2011!, Blake getting ready for the Rookie Challenge!, From Nike Basketball, a great article about Blake Griffin., PIC: Blake Griffin participates in the NBA Cares cleanup project today with Amare, CP3 and Russel Westbrook., VIDEO: Blake Griffin has had an historic, dunk filled first half to his rookie season. Here is a look back at some highlight moments as we prepare for All-Star Weekend!, PICTURE: Blake Griffin taking his official 2011 NBA All-Star Photo., VIDEO: Myspace's Ben Gleib and Blake Griffin sit down for a nice chat... (Part 2), VIDEO: Did you catch Blake Griffin on Jimmy Kimmel Live last night? Check it out here!, VIDEO: Keep an eye out for Blake Griffin's new SUBWAY iPad app!, PICTURE: Thanks to Los Angeles Clippers for this great shot of an Blake Griffin All-Star weekend shirt!, VIDEO: Blake Griffin & Dwight Howard meet up here at All-Star Weekend!, VIDEO: Myspace's Ben Gleib and Blake Griffin sit down for a nice chat... (Part 1), Blake Griffin is on Jimmy Kimmel Live tonight. Here are some photos from backstage! Tune-in on ABC!, PICTURE: Blake Griffin is on Jimmy Kimmel Live tonight. Is Jimmy ready for this...?, Blake banner @ LA Live! All-Star weekend has begun!, TV: Don't forget, in addition to taking over Myspace, competing in The Rookie/Sophomore Game, The Dunk Contest, and The All-Star Game..... Blake Griffin will be on Jimmy Kimmel Live tonight on ABC!, VIDEO: Blake Griffin has serious ups...., Exclusive: Blake Griffin is taking over Myspace for All-Star weekend!, VIDEO: Tomahowk Jam from Blake Griffin's point of view (he wore a dunk cam!)., Don't forget, Blake Griffin will be on Jimmy Kimmel Live tomorrow night. On ABC - Tune in! , VIDEO: 5 In-Game dunks from Blake Griffin that could win ANY dunk contest., This weekend, Blake Griffin will be the first ever NBA player to appear in competitions on all three nights of All-Star weekend., Blake continues his strong play despite the season's ups and downs, ESPN analysts judge some of Blake's best dunks this year, What did you think of last night's game?, Do you follow Blake on Twitter? If you don't now is the time!, To go with your morning cup of coffee, Click here for Blake's schedule for All-Star weekend, which you'll definitely want to tune into, null, Blake Griffin and Kevin Love get props for their unique seasons, Thanks to everyone who voted!, Fun photo shoot for The Poster Child, Blake is just as good on the ground as in the air, Could Blake be the TIME person of the year some day?, Has it now become routine?, null, What do you think?, Did you ever read this? Nice to look back on Blake's journey to the NBA, 2 Alley-oops, 1 self-run fast break, 1 three-pointer, and a clinching tap-for-rebound at the end. All in a night's work., Career-High 47, Kenny "The Jet" Smith tutors Blake for the Slam Dunk Contest, Check out the official Blake Griffin website while you're at it, Perfect video to start off the official Blake Griffin Facebook page)