List(Peter Dinklage hosted 'SNL' for the first time last night, but more importantly, he wore space pants., null, This week's best tweets are all about what's happening right now., And you thought there'd be no best GIFs this week. Fooled ya!, It's down to the final four of football, hockey, baseball, and bowling. Vote now or forever hold your peace!, Puff Daddy, Ty Dolla $ign, and Gizzle sing a simple ode to the ladies in their lives in the video for "You Could Be My Lover.", Rejoice in his correctness. Rejoice in basketball. Rejoice in Kim Jong-un., Laugh and enjoy these supremely funny memes by direct order of Kim Jong-un., The writers of Funny Death Choose are lacking in adult experience with regards to romantic love happenings. They should be shamed., Visit the glorious DPRK. You may never leave!, The Supreme Leader views dunking as the ultimate expression of dominance in the sporting arena. These dunks are the most superior., Dennis Rodman is the best man at basketball, but is even better at being in GIFs., How to construct the ultimate atomic weapon with which to defend the dignity and security of the motherland against the Western Imperialist menace., Here are 100% real photos of me to prove to you I have the Best Body In The World., Americans are obsessed with viral cat videos because American cats are clumsy and stupid like their human owners. DPRK cats are proud, obedient, majestic creatures incapable of such pathetic antics., When Bae has insurgent parents and you are also the Supreme Leader with a tricycle. 😎🚴🏼, The Army of the Democratic People’s Republic of Korea is brave and precise! American Army is weak and foolish! This is plain for all to see!, This week's GIFs are supreme leaders in the field of GIFs but there is only one Supreme Leader and he loves you eternally., My dad, Kim Jong-il, creator of rainbows, was a glorious man., The DPRK announces the capture of America’s #1 internet icon, ‘Mad About You’ star Paul Reiser., Laugh and share this social content by order of Supreme Leader Kim Jong-un., Like Dear Leader, these bombs are powerful and dangerous, and so so cool., Supreme Leader Kim Jong-un is the world's greatest comedian and proves the greatest of American comedy videos are much improved with him as the star., We've hacked into the emails of famous clowns and Funny Death Choose founders Will Ferrell and Adam McKay and revealed the sordid details of their personal and professional lives., The Democratic People's Republic of Korea has officially taken control of America's most powerful propaganda conduit: Funny Death Choose., null, null, These GIFs will take off in 10, 9, 8, 7— whoops, there they go., "A gentleman always cuffs his foreskin before going out.", Bernie Sanders gets an endorsement that only acclaimed director David Lynch could give., Some of us are trying to enjoy a $7 cappuccino, thank you very much., It was just announced that 'Suicide Squad' is undergoing massive, high-cost reshoots to make it more lighthearted. Here's the new trailer., Before Trump withdrew his assertion that women who have abortions should be punished, he got pretty specific with details., Car shows are all about one thing: touching cars!, There are some things you never get too old for., "I must fulfill my blood oath to Al Gore and create a piece of #content whenever a celeb nude selfie is born.", This week’s viral videos came in much more quietly than we expected., Called someone the wrong name? Here's a foolproof recovery., Uninterested in being anywhere near the real Donald Trump, Colbert sat down with a cartoon version to talk about recent scandals., It's been a long day. You deserve this., Sleep tight. 🙃, Hey, a catch is a catch., From a wedding to getting in trouble for stealing a snake from the zoo, we have you covered for everything life might throw at you., Four hours of scrolling later and you just wind up watching 'Darkman' for the third time in two years., A little list of ways you too can repel others., What could be a more fitting retaliation to bathroom discrimination than to pee on the very state that’s doing the discriminating?, Chris Gethard investigates Donald Trump's claims that he's a great boss by asking the employees in his buildings if they'll vote for him as President of the United States. 

Watch the season premiere of The Chris Gethard Show tonight at 10/9c on Fusion., Like the shit out of this if you don't want Sarah to cry in the shower tomorrow., Vote now in the ultimate sports tournament as we whittle the top eight contenders down to the final four!, This week’s Vines prove our theory that watching kids fail is never not funny., “Five stars- not sure if it was an ‘official’ rally but I screamed racial slurs into a ditch for 4 hrs.", What it would look like if a someone assembled a black-ops strike team of the most poorly chosen supervillians imaginable., Is it possible everyone enjoys 'Carpool Karaoke' so much because we get a kick out of seeing celebs wear seat belts?, What can we say, we're feeling generous., Who knew traveling to exotic locations could be this cheap and easy?, If you're not being shady and talking to other countries then you have nothing to hide., Yes, the Goo Goo Dolls' "Iris" is the greatest song of the ’90s, but it should have had a better name., Donald Trump took to Twitter to post a photo of a reporter grazing his arm at a news conference, and to demand more answers., Susan, push the 4 p.m. and cancel the 5:30 altogether. There's work to be done. 🐶🍝, Never underestimate the quiet ones., "You told her you made brownies. You didn't. That's not a prank; that's a lie.", We can assure you, these tweets are just resting their eyes., Sharing chores like sending in the rent check can be a real drag, especially when you have a childish roommate., "Is this gonna be like 40 days and 40 nights on my couch?", Vlogger Mark Seevers (Conner O’Malley) rallies the troops at a Trump-for-president event in Scottsdale, Arizona, before heading down to the Mexican border to reinforce the wall and assert his vigilance., How long do you think people will wait to let two police officers take a photo? If you said 38 seconds, you're not even close., Mono Neon slaps some funky bass lines onto your favorite internet vids to create something truly bizarre and unique., These tweets’ superpower is that they're really good at commenting on what’s in the cultural conversation., All eyez on meme., Here are some NRA-approved updates to classic fairy tales to help your children lead strong, moral lives., No one should ever be allowed to eat this many hard-boiled eggs., Being the worst Batman is sad, which is why George Clooney is so happy right now., We literally can't think of a single other one., Do you see the look on Rick Grimes' face right now? That means your speech isn't getting through to him., Some sad pound puppies get a surprise treat., In all fairness, though, no one likes them., Funny Or Die co-founder Chris Henchy reflects on 20 years of friendship with his comedy hero., Hold on tight, this week’s best pics are here to rescue you from the Monday-morning doldrums., We're like the Easter Bunny, except we're delivering this basket full of hot content., Jesus and the Apostles fight over the check at The Last Supper and end up stiffing the wrong waitress., Happy Easter! Meanwhile, at the White House... #matwh, Happy Easter! Meanwhile, at the White House... #matwh, All the news you just can't live without! Seriously. You can't live without this news., This week’s tweets have all plead ‘Not guilty.“, Jesus of Nazareth hits the streets of New York to ask his flock which of their sins he died for this Easter., More like GREAT Friday!🍷, Lori Greiner, Kate Flannery, and Trace Adkins get their gears turning on Join Or Die with Craig Ferguson as they attempt to pinpoint history's greatest invention since 1950., For centuries, mankind has searched for the best sport. Is it basketball? Or soccer? Or skateboard stuff? All will be decided in the Funny Or Die March Madness Tournament to crown, once and for all, the BEST SPORT., You won't believe how easy it is to make this yummy dessert bowl!, We lost a comedy legend yesterday. Here are thoughts and tributes we've gathered from friends and fellow comedians via public statements, social media, and comments shared with us at Funny Or Die., Holidays are about destroying families. That's why they exist., This week's best GIFs aren't nearly as in your face as you'd expect them to be., A special message from the North Carolina tourism board, reminding you of all the fun straight things you can do in their beautiful, intolerant state., Who knew kids being so terrible could make you laugh so good?, The internet learned a very important lesson today., That awkward handshake between Obama and Castro was actually our Commander in Chief working on his hook shot., A multitude gathers to hear the moral teachings of their savior, Jesus J. Trump., Wow. Microsoft's AI bot is really tweeting some offensive and disgusting things., In photos of President Obama's Cuba trip, everyone has an umbrella except the Secret Service. And while they need to have their hands free, being wet, cold, and miserable might also be a hindrance. Here are some solutions., Maybe this will be the year that they finally taste good. But it never is. It just never is., Wore the same shirt as someone else at the party? May as well make the most of it., Thanks for the laughs, Garry Shandling. You'll be missed., Thao and Merrill Garbus (aka tune-yards) made a pitch-perfect parody of last year’s NY Times deep dive into the production of the Bieber/Diplo/Skrillex smash hit “Where Are Ü Now.”, After leaving Superman to house sit for him in Gotham, Batman returns to find that Superman may have had some odd experiences adapting to his crime-fighting style., It was important that this week’s viral videos got off to a strong start., Namaste with ye in this Guided Meditation For The Modern Spirit instructional video that will help empower and align you with your best Mr. Wests., Jimmy Fallon has unearthed more audio of Ice T's R-rated voiceover work on shows like 'Spongebob,' 'Ducktales,' and more., When we set out in search of penis GIFs, these were the first ones to reveal themselves., Redditors really went the extra mile with this pic of J. Law holding a tape measure., Funny Or Die News took to the streets to ask the pressing question on every sports fan's mind: "How f*cked is your March Madness bracket?", In the horrifying scenario that your religious employer is in charge of your access to birth control, we present to you this handy guide., Happy #NationalPuppyDay! It's just that easy. 🐶💰, Pro tip: Avoid long lines at the theater by simply watching this instead., null, "Smiling." —Reese Witherspoon, Had to update the sign again., "It’s a slap in the face to the entire fake judicial community.", If you’re worried the Common Core “pod people” are conspiring to make your children dumber, maybe you should watch this., This week’s Vines come with unlimited free refills., Coheed and Cambria make sweet music from Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell's statements about refusing to consider President Obama's Supreme Court nominee., Who knew that a man filled with so much hate could have such an incredible ability to love?, Some GIFs are just better left unexplained., Presidential candidate Donald Trump, everybody., As far as ferocious killing machines go, these are easily the most adorable., From Trump's "celebrity" endorsements to the Hulk Hogan sex tape scandal, Calvin's got plenty to piss on right now., null, Not everything in life is complete garbage., From communion wafers to NES cartridges, if you went to church in the ’90s then you'll get what we're talking about!, The more you know. (You should still vote, though.) 🌠🇺🇸, Vote now in the only bracket that matters as we determine the best sport of all time. There can be only one!, It's hard to swap clothes with your roommate when your tastes in fashion clash, especially if she's going to be a total baby about it., If you're a millennial and you're reading this, then ... wow! We didn't know millennials could read!, Another brutally honest take on U.S. politics from our friends in Finland., If Gyllenhaal didn't actually enjoy this, then he's the greatest actor in the world., Garfield has taken his hatred of Mondays to a disturbing new level., We've yet to see better., Dick Vitale finally cracks under the pressure of March Madness, and simply being Dick Vitale., We have a lot of fun around here!, A message from Noro, the virus that just wants to chillax in that burrito you're eating, brah., Watch as these already great clips are made even better through the power of music., Road trip with Doctor Lady! What could possibly go wrong?, Every great courtroom battle starts with a badass theme song., This week's best pics are just kidding around., Fidel Castro preps Obama for his historic first trip to Cuba with some advice on how not to insult the Cuban people and what he’d like him to bring now that the trade embargo has been lifted., When it comes to hair, Dear Leader is all about options., You worked hard all week. Why not lie back and treat yourself to seven days worth of the absolute best content on the internet?, ICYMI: Our New York office got drunk and wrote articles for St. Patrick's Day. Here's one of their most important contributions., Instant improvement., This week's tweets are clearly the product of highly evolved minds., null, Getting old blows., Some people will do insane things for a dollar., We went to the ‘Pee-wee’s Big Holiday’ premiere in Austin! Here are the highlights., Trump recently said that his top foreign policy advisor is himself, which explains this play he wrote., One of the universe's great mysteries., Safe to say he's got some time to kill!, A Florida woman is in a legal fight to keep a motorcycle-riding alligator as her house pet. Why? He's her boyfriend., Let us watch Ted Cruz debate his own inner demons on stage until he breaks down and admits he is the Zodiac Killer., How many penguins equal one killer whale?, Take a moment to enjoy life's simple pleasures with this week's best GIFs., The best way to avoid being chosen to play pick-up basketball games is to assert your profound un-athleticism and disdain for teamwork. If that fails, just pick up and leave., Major Key Alert: To be the best, you must learn from the best., Fortunately, sobriety is not a prerequisite for photographing dogs., Two drunk writers debate the actual merits of Nickelback's existence., Alcohol + electric razor = what could go wrong?!, A step-by-step guide on how to identify and eradicate a leprechaun infestation., Snapchat fun from the 'Pee-wee's Big Holiday' premiere!, Get the only news app you'll actually look forward to opening, now for Android!

Funny Or Die News Flash: It's like reading the newspaper except it’s funny, it doesn’t hurt the environment, and it didn’t become obsolete in 2006., The legend himself, Paul Reubens, at the 'Pee-wee's Big Holiday' premiere in Austin!, null, At the 'Pee-wee's Big Holiday' premiere in Austin, Tx! Ask the cast questions!, Never a good idea to mix screwdrivers and bubble tea., Tracking down this week’s hottest viral videos was a real bear., Sixty-four sports enter. One sport leaves. Fill out your bracket now and prepare to settle the ultimate question that has challenged mankind for centuries: What is the Best Sport?, It's St. Patrick's Day so our New York office started drinking at 9 a.m. and tried to work like normal. These are the results., Move over O.J. Simpson, Kanye West is here. In this real life American crime story, Yeezus call himself a god and the Kardashians are ever-present. And there's no escape., He's got all the right stuff: he eats gluten, he brought along some meat, and he's already on "Mars time.", Oh what lengths we go to to simply understand our neighbors., Close enough., "We're not in charge of the teams, we're just watching.", See the shocking conclusion to one woman's journey as she edits herself into each week's episode of 'The Bachelor' — and into Ben's heart., As long as we're endorsing people who aren't running for president!, Can we just vote both of them as Buddy Presidents 2016?, A month ago we made some guesses for Obama's SCOTUS nominee, and our guesses were way funnier than the actual choice., What this one amazing elephant does with a March Madness bracket will shock you, then inspire you., This week’s Vines are extra twisted., To celebrate St. Patrick’s Day, we invited genuine Irish leprechauns to breakfast and gave them their first taste of Lucky Charms cereal, aka "oats and tits and unicorn blood.", Watch as these two accomplish more while standing at a urinal than we have in months., A disappointed bro comes to grips with his Cancun vaca not being the "fo sheezy smang-a-thon" he'd signed up for., Honestly, Tyler. What are you planning to do with all those pictures of salad?, Some highlights from the #fodtx party in Austin. If you missed this we feel terrible for you., ICYMI: Against all forces of nature and the conservative right willing it not to, this actually happened., Because why else are we here if not to inform you about the latest celeb/food mashup account we stumbled across?, Steven Spielberg and Harrison Ford have confirmed that Indiana Jones is back for yet another adventure. What will Indy be up against this time?, We've only been thinking about this nonstop for 16 days., Kids reenacting scenes from The Big Short makes the 2008 financial crisis seem downright ... adorable?, The only thing that can save us from a Trump presidency is a Quantum Leap. And only YOU can help make it happen., In 2005, 13-year-old Jillian Rose Reed (Official) wrote and recorded an unreleased pop track called “Candy Apple Pink.” Finally, after a decade of waiting, she's ready to debut the music video., Put these tweets on the guest list for your next party, but in the good spots, like for VIPs., Donald Trump supporters discuss how his dominant personality makes him the perfect choice for president, and an even better choice to fulfill their humiliation fetish., After once telling 'The Late Show' he'd never pay attention to Donald Trump's "campaign," Oliver is now the number-one seller of 'Make Donald Drumpf Again" hats. Talk about a flip-flopper., null, Just like how they get every damn thing they want., Like every other year, with spring comes the unenviable task of getting rid of the pesky hobos who squatted in your tool shed all winter. Here’s how., "I clicked the link and there she was on my screen, Rachel Maddow. Someone I definitely respect and believe is unbiased. She changed my mind.", The more you know..., D'oh!, Maggie and Carol aren't their hostages; these people are trapped with Maggie and Carol., New Yorkers are known for two things: dressing fresh and always being in a rush. We caught up with a couple of theses taste-makers and haste-makers dashing through the streets of NYC., Knew he looked familiar!, This week's best pics are making a powerful political statement., Zac Efron’s newfound obsession with his selfie stick becomes a serious problem on the set of his new film, Mike & Dave Need Wedding Dates, starring Anna Kendrick, Aubrey Plaza & Adam DeVine. In theaters July 8., Alison Wonderland closing out the night at the FOD Junction at Scoot Inn! Come on down FREE for EVERYONE 21+ until we hit capacity! #fodtx, null, Adam DeVine & Anna Kendrick kicking off the Super Serious Show! #fodtx, Headliner of our 2015 party Hannibal Buress in the building! Technically we're outside, but you get the idea. #fodtx, Adam DeVine, Anna Kendrick & FOD alumnus Jake Szymanski introducing the screening of Mike & Dave Need Wedding Dates just now! Aubrey Plaza joined via FaceTime. #fodtx, Grover came by to hand out lemonade! 🍋 #fodtx, Austin, Tx! Doors are now open at the FOD Junction at the Scoot Inn 1308 E 4th St! All of today's programming is FREE and open to EVERYONE 21+! Come on down! #fodtx, Ariana Grande hosts, performs, and almost records a new feminist anthem., Dan Aykroyd getting head from a ghost is undoubtedly the most gripping scene in 'Ghostbusters.' Here's how the studio originally wanted it to go down., Austin, Tx! Respond to this legit Craigslist ad to win tickets to see an early screening of 'Mike And Dave Need Wedding Dates' tomorrow plus VIP passes to the after party at our place!, Have friends getting married? Tag them in the comments & Adam Devine & Anna Kendrick will pick one and record a special video greeting just for them!, This week’s tweets are better than the average dad joke., Where's the reaction emoji for "screaming in terror"?, What if 'Mad Max,' 'Chinatown,' and the 'Friends' finale all had the same corny song over their credits?, Mayor Roland Schitt and his wife Jocelyn introduce a brand new segment on their show where they make an unsolicited, early-morning call to a random Schitt's Creek resident. Not to spoil anything, but things get candid!, We're not about to let Donald Trump tell us about brain surgery, are we? Wait, are we?, We dare you not to click on all of these (please don't click on them, this is an image)., Julie Bowen, Dan Levy, and Laila Lalami team up on Join Or Die with Craig Ferguson to decide once and for all who was history’s worst tyrant., How to make milk in 3 easy steps!, This week's GIFs are having a little trouble with coordination., Los Angeles! Tickets available now for Will Ferrell & Chad Smith's Red Hot Benefit at Shrine Auditorium on April 29th with the Red Hot Chili Peppers, Devo, Jim Gaffigan, Nick Offerman, and many more! 

Check it out: funnyordie.com/redhotbenefit, Hulk Hogan is suing Gawker for posting a private sex tape. All we know is if Hogan is involved, it’s going to be one helluva fight., Sacha Baron Cohen takes to the balcony of the Funny Or Die office in New York City armed with a megaphone to answer strangers' questions about his latest film, 'The Brothers Grimsby.', The long-deceased German dictator (Sarah Silverman) dropped by 'Conan' last night to defend himself from unfair comparisons to the truly vile Donald Trump., Cut the bullshit, Stephanie. You very clearly rescued that dog and also your life is still a hot mess., Twitter's Karen Zack noticed that some animals just look like other stuff., "I will make money and then shred it through my grate-hole because the only currency I run on is the hopelessness of an unemployed society.", Tips for initiating connections with your fellow linemates and making those relationships last., Marvel isn't the only universe on a course to self-destruct., Computers have feelings too, or something., So they've got that going for them, which is nice., Jerrod Carmichael pops in to talk about family, trying to cry, and the struggles of having your own TV show., Their campaigns are over, but that doesn't mean these presidential also-rans don't have big plans for the future., This week’s videos pack an extra-viral punch., Pull up a stool and pour yourself a bowl of wine, it's time to learn about delegates and superdelegates with everyone's favorite political booze fest, 'Election Uncorked!', The shocking tale involves big-time politics, inappropriate relationships, and two actors who, now that you think about it, look almost identical., How many times has this happened to you?!, Most of them have very dirty minds., The #FreeKesha campaign to liberate the singer from her contract to an abusive producer worked! Here are some GIFs to celebrate., Legendary Hollywood agent Warren Klein tries hard to dissuade Daryl Hannah from pursuing a risky passion project in this newly discovered voicemail from the ’80s., The hip-hop artist and entrepreneur spouts wisdom about life and also Snapchat., Meahwhile, in North Korea..., Bob Odenkirk conducts an extremely awkward interview with Chicago country musician Robbie Fulks., Marcia Clark is doing great! She's doing great. Everything's great with Marcia Clark., Austin! Join Adam Devine and Anna Kendrick for an early screening of Mike & Dave Need Wedding Dates this Sunday! 

RSVP here: http://bit.ly/1M75w9M, This week's Vines are ready to get to work., Saying the new 'Game of Thones' trailer is packed full of hidden clues would be an understatement. Let's dive in., Pornstars Nina Elle, Mia Li, and Zoey Laine deliver an impassioned (and tastefully blurred) speech about the First Amendment and its protection of personal freedom in America., "This is the greatest thing I’ve ever seen, and I have two children.", Unlike real pancakes, we guarantee these GIFs will still be fresh tomorrow., Aesop Rock sits down with a cartoon bear in the woods to talk creative stagnation, living in a barn, and the inspiration behind his new album., The floodgates have opened., Sometimes you just need to be a nasty garbage girl., The world is littered with fun, diverse, and super-chill places, with varying degrees of horniness. Take this quiz to find out where you and your horniness truly belong., Follow one woman's journey as she edits herself into each week's episode of 'The Bachelor' — and into Ben's heart. In this episode, Molly sneaks onto the red carpet at "The Women Tell All" event., Just a little Kimception for your #InternationalWomensDay consideration., Watch two grown men talk about their dads, dog, and cat weddings, and how weird it is to see teachers outside of school., It’s time for the women to tell all, meaning the rejected contestants all gather on one stage to attack each other and Ben. Plus, Olivia is back!, These tweets would all look very good on a resume., Finland's #8 News Team delivers a brutally honest take on the U.S. presidential race from a European perspective., Before he was a presidential candidate, Ben Carson was a black hero. Now he's neither of those things and 'The Daily Show' is going to miss him., Has he ever been so conflicted?, Just don't start consciously thinking about breathing, Donald. That's a hole that's hard to climb out of., A pothead weighs in on Bernie Sanders' admission that he's smoked weed., Here are a few clear signs that you and Netflix are in the best relationship of your life., He's the dark-horse candidate who's looking suspiciously like a dead horse, but don't count ol' Johnny Boy out just yet., "I don’t need to see a video of anyone having sex with anyone else! Sex is private. And also gross.", Totally a coincidence that Eli is throwing a huge "Just Because" party the same day his brother is retiring from the NFL., Have you tried Carol's cookies yet? They've got that beet flavor you love so much!, Put your empties to good use with these cool DIY projects using nothing but Cannon Blast bottles and a little creativity., The struggle is real., Disaster averted! This week's best pics have arrived to shield you from the blunt-force trauma of another Monday., Kaitlyn Bristowe and Shawn Booth from 'The Bachelorette' demonstrate how dating on a reality show doesn't quite match up with the real thing., There's finally a moving company just for people who say they're heading to Canada if Trump gets elected., As the show comes to a close, it's time to say a tearful goodbye to all the wonderful recap articles., “He’s not some cautious politician. He says what I’m thinking.”, These tweets will have you feeling better in no time, even if you already feel pretty good., Meanwhile, at the White House... #matwh, Not everyone was happy about the newly released 'Ghostbusters' trailer featuring an all female cast in the place of the original team., All of this week's news you probably should know about by now., Time never moves slower than when you're waiting for a large meatball sub to show up., If they're turning Legends Of The Hidden Temple into a feature-length film, it's only a matter of time Lunchables hits the big screen., As a new season of House of Cards approaches, just wanted to clear up one thing: Frank's asides are meant for this person alone., If you see something, say something., Donald Trump's leaked notes reveal his many penis joke options from the debate last night., Kratz is up to his old tricks again., These GIFs are ahead of the game., Donald Trump's wife Melania (Gina Gershon) talks to the people of Arkansas about her husband's plans for the White House and how she will help him make America great again., Despite Uncle Jesse's pleas, these TV critics have had no mercy., No love for Stallone makes this ET wanna phone home., It's tough to talk and read about periods, so we included some sexy photos., Which one of these ideas is worse?, Relax to the soothing sounds of Morgan Freeman talking about strangers., For his new song, "I Really Love You," the musician Gibbz has created a music video using only prom photos sent to him by fans! Relive all the fun of the most magical night of high school., Mitt Romney said “Donald Trump is a phony, a fraud. He’s playing the American public for suckers." Donald Trump didn't take long to clap back., All the greatest video content this week for you to snack on., Pretty soon, we're aren't going to be able to say "Thanks, Obama!" anymore. Thanks, Obama!, Did you know the majority of today’s incredibly advanced yet affordable prosthetics are manufactured by exploited Indian child slaves laboring in dreadful factory conditions?, It's just a shame that Borat couldn't be there to tell the story and had to send his personal assistant instead., They can either nominate him or..., It was all fun and games until he started winning., Join the political revolution that's putting things away when it's done with them., A recent article shows the top porn searches by state, but doesn't include searches done in private-browsing mode. Here's the real, uncensored breakdown., Chris Christie has a change of heart after endorsing Donald Trump for president. Trump takes it as expected., Sorry, not Deadmau5, but "dead-mow-five.", "I've made a huge mistake.", "If there's one thing our country doesn't need more of, it's goose diarrhea.", This week's best Vines are coming atcha from way downtown., This week the Presidential Pin Heads are stuck on the FX miniseries ‘The People Vs. OJ Simpson,’ and on finding insults that stick as they head into the final lap of the nomination race., If Katy Perry is JonBenet Ramsey, and Ted Cruz is the Zodiac Killer, who else rose from the ashes of a horrific murder case?, Ty Burrell and Nolan Gould perform death-defying stunts to raise awareness about proposed commercial development near the Grand Canyon that would devastate the local environment and wildlife., As Conan knows, more important than the commercial itself is the slurry of embarrassing outtakes., James Corden probably shouldn't quit his night job., Hollywood finally got all none of our letters asking for this., If single women are the most powerful voting bloc in the country, will it go to their heads?, You can't get anything by these tweets., Follow one woman's journey as she edits herself into each week's episode of 'The Bachelor' — and into Ben's heart. In this episode, Molly and Ben get dirty with turtles on the beach and raunchy with reggae in the fantasy suite., Get out there and vote today! But don't forget it's also Taco Tuesday and you have an inalienable right to consume delicious tacos in your pursuit of happiness. 🇺🇸🌮 #SuperTuesday, Schitt's Creek mayor Roland Schitt and his wife, Jocelyn, just got their own three-minute talk show, which is plenty of time to tell you everything you never wanted to know about cannibalistic hogs., Leo, fresh off his Academy Award Win for Best Actor, texts his costar The Revenant Bear about what he's going to do with his new Oscar., Donald Trump's rhetoric may have earned him the support of KKK Grand Wizard David Duke, but his lack of political experience is a non-starter for these Klan members., Ben takes the women to Jamaica where they jump off waterfalls, save turtles, and set the stage for a potential threesome?, Does Trump have tiny hands? Is Rubio a little boy? We fact check every Republican insult to see which candidates tell the truth., Just in time for #SuperTuesday, average Americans take their first stab at this mysterious thing called "voting.", Out of new material, Steve Martin agreed to do 'The Tonight Show' on February 29, but only because he thought that day didn't exist., The internet milks some last sweet meme drops from the whole Leo/Oscars thing., "It's been in our family for generations.", Clarence Thomas came out of a 10-year-long silence with a very boring question. Here's how it should have gone down., Kanye's finally starting to talk sense on Twitter!, 'Room' and its cast received a much-deserved spotlight during The Academy Awards. The only thing missing was a LEGO tribute. Fixed!, In an effort to spice up the Oscars, the Academy considered, but ultimately rejected, these 23 controversial award categories., Hard to believe the Cate Blanchett romantic drama Carol was snubbed for the Best Visual Effects Oscar when you see all the work that went into it., Let's leave the pregnant lady alone to guard the ninja. Who's hungry for pancakes? Brace yourselves, it's time for another deep dive into this week's batch of ridiculous 'Walking Dead' moments., Can't we just have a nice night celebrating film without immediately killing those who didn't take home awards?, As everyone knows, today is a free pass to do whatever the hell you want. Here are a few ideas for how to make the most of it., These pics really know how to make the best of a bad situation., Hannibal Buress’ Hack-A-Center is your one-stop-shop for shutting down Detroit Pistons' Andre Drummond and cheapening the game of basketball for NBA players and fans alike!, There's ups and downs in this life & you can only go around dating 23 y/o models for so long before the universe has to turn around & hand you a tiny statue made of gold. #Oscars, Just be yourself, dude. People like you. #Oscars, To ambiguity and beyond! #Oscars, Maybe the loudest applause of the evening so far. #Oscars, The Bear from 'The Revenant' looking absolutely stunning in half a tuxedo and no pants at all., The massive Aliso Canyon gas leak in Southern California has earned methane a "Biggest Disaster” nod. We sat down with the breakout star to see what other big projects are on the horizon., The Captured Project asks prisoners to draw portraits of CEOs they feel deserve to be in prison for their crimes. Here are some of the most stunning examples., This week's collection of top content is just the thing to help you beat those Sunday blues., Finally, a break from all the jokes on this site!, Every year, the Academy Awards presents their nominees, presenters, and hosts with elaborate gift bags of pricey and exotic souvenirs. We decided that this year, we'd do the same., This week’s tweets are just one insane plot twist after another., null, Make up for the white acoustic renditions of "Formation" and "Work" that nobody asked for with these #TrapCovers that you didn't even know you needed., Always good to have a solid backup plan., A supercut of every time David Schwimmer as Robert Kardashian says OJ Simpson's nickname in 'The People Vs. OJ Simpson.', Google's new robot can walk through snow, stock shelves, and get up after falling, but it can't do the one thing that matters most., A proposed California law would require porn actors to wear protective eyewear. Here are a few scene ideas that would make it seem totally sexy., Memes don't come with trophies., Courteney Cox, Dan Soder, and Michael Ian Black get together on Join Or Die with Craig Ferguson to examine history’s most famous frenemies — from Tesla/Edison to Jobs/Gates to Letterman/Leno — and determine which rivalry ruled them all., Women do more unpaid housework than men, so this PTA mom has decided to solve the problem by taking on a second husband., Fred Willard looks forward to a day when men are finally recognized for all their contributions to the entertainment industry., You may recall Paul the Octopus, an animal that correctly picked some World Cup matches. Well, that was great and all, but it was just one animal. For the Oscars, WE GOT 10., These GIFs are so hot right now., One day we will have run out of mean things to say to celebrities and everyone can live in peace. Today is not that day., We tried to warn them first, promise., Wrap the meat up in a copy of the Constitution and call it a freedom burrito. 🇺🇸, What's the deal with Topher Grace?, Sophia Bush has a friend help her apply some cheap tanning lotion for an awards show appearance. Big mistake., "I want it to feel rustic and simple and leisurely, like the olden days when white people owned black people, but without any of that bad stuff.", Some dos and don’ts on how to behave appropriately in your next yoga class., Enjoy the future likes! And burn those cargo shorts immediately. #tbt, The Republican National Committee just released this brief announcement about Donald Trump's seemingly inevitable nomination., We're happy to announce our 2016 #FODSXSW lineup with Tracy Morgan, Ghostface Killah & Raekwon, and many more! See you in Texas!, This week’s videos be like “DAMN!”, If Senate Republicans want to play hardball, Obama has no choice but to break out the big guns., Rest up for Sunday's Oscars in this season's hottest new piece of camping gear!, The 'Empire' star answers a call from Jimmy Fallon and ends up trapped in space., Every great kiss begins with a camera in your face., "She’s beautiful, she’s charming, she’s smart, she’s hilarious, she’s me!" —Ellen, It's that magical time of the year when Martin Scorsese's eyebrows cocoon and reemerge as beautiful butterflies., "An intense interest in EDM is literally the only thing I am looking for in a guy. Now and always.", No chill, Mr. Presidents., Facebook unveiled its new Reactions feature, which allows you emoji alternatives to the standard like. Here's how not to use them., Where do we sign up?, When you believe in "homo demons" and Starbucks putting semen in your latte, truly anything is possible., When given the opportunity, always be Batman., Mom, this week's Vines are being weird again!, ICYMI, here's a rundown of all the ridiculousness from Sunday's episode, from the merely cringe-worthy to the downright painful., Erin Richards (Gotham) shows how even the most evil supervillains find our sexual assault laws reprehensible., Watch Jimmy Fallon lose it when one of the student judges tells Kevin Spacey, "I don't get you.", "I don't understand why you would keep this a secret from me.", Not a lot, but a tiny little bit., And she still looked absolutely flawless the whole time., At the risk of giving Hollywood another terrible idea, here are some highlights from an imagined 'Forrest Gump' reboot., You'll be amazed what you can get done when you replace your anus and genitals with one simple cloaca, and 19 more helpful life hacks!, Everyone has an Aunt Linda., Follow one woman's journey as she edits herself into each week's episode of 'The Bachelor' — and into Ben's heart. In this episode, Ben heads to Studio City to meet Molly's off-beat family., These tweets are getting us all hot and bothered … with laughter! Don’t be gross, this is a family site., Welcome to E!Net News, the only show that brings you the latest gossip on all things hot and steamy in the world of engineering! #EWeek2016, Ben visits the women in their hometowns where he nervously deflects questions about how he can have feelings for more than one woman at a time., Once upon a time, in a courtroom far far away..., In keeping with Hollywood tradition, the Coen Brothers have typically featured all white characters and actors in their critically acclaimed films. Could the #OscarsSoWhite social media campaign help change that?, “That would be like asking a Muslim if they would have bacon or ham.”, Unlike Kanye, the fine folks at Reddit are 100% alert and cranking out some of the best Photoshops of all time., Turns out Adolf Hitler had one testicle and a micro-penis, which he compensated for by becoming history's biggest dick. Not cool, Hitler., Shia's next art project is him riding Splash Mountain alone for 7 hours while making zero silly faces for the camera and having as little fun as possible. Classic Shia., This weekend's mass shooting in Kalamazoo, MI, was the 42nd one this year that Good Guy With A Gun failed to stop. But in fairness, he's just one guy!, Fiending for some red-carpet coverage before you get your fix with the Oscars on February 28th? Try this., George W. texts his brother some words of encouragement., Hank Azaria stars as legendary old-school sportscaster Jim Brockmire, who brought his career to a short stop with a spectacular on-air tirade against his cheating wife.

Watch the new series, 'Brockmire,' coming soon to IFC: http://bit.ly/1Q6TI9r, Who loves orange soda? Rick and Daryl love orange soda! Get ready to guzzle down some sweet sweet snark with another recap of ridiculous moments from 'The Walking Dead.', A new YouTube channel lets the ASMR (autonomous sensory meridian response) community achieve their chills, tingles, and head orgasms via gently whispered newspaper updates., So how long until we get to see 'Fantastic 4-Play' and 'Captain America X'?, This week's pics are fun for all ages., Apple CEO Tim Cook summons his tough-guy side to defend his company’s decision not to bow to the Feds and weaken iPhone security., Carl = just the worst., They just have some minor logistics to work out first., Don't waste another second browsing for laughs. We've got everything you need right here., With both Nike and Adidas taking a stand for LGBTQ rights, what's an athletic homophobe to do?, Meanwhile, at the White House... #matwh, Try to just enjoy these tweets without taking them too literally., null, Donald Trump isn't going away, but the #FODTrumpMovie is. Watch it this weekend before it's gone from Funny Or Die!, Making A Kardashian 🕵, Paul McCartney, one of the most famous people on the planet, was denied entrance to Tyga’s Grammy Awards after-party. Tyga texted Paul to try and clear the air after the snub., Kanye West’s recent Twitter rant about money troubles sparks a heated exchange among the 2016 presidential candidates over taxes, national debt management, and who massages the Koch brothers' taints., "I am frightened. I need to be released.", This week's best GIFs always remain calm under pressure., Johnny Depp is ready to tear his face off after spending so much time as Donald Trump in 'Funny Or Die Presents Donald Trump's The Art Of The Deal: The Movie.' 

Watch the full movie here: http://bit.ly/1XBW3hx, Unfortunately, Ryan Reynolds has no interest in sharing his new superhero success., That awkward moment when you realize your shame will live on for eternity in loop form., "I’ll take a large, but in a small cup.", Fans have their limits, Mr. West., In 'Funny Or Die Presents Donald Trump’s The Art Of The Deal: The Movie,' Trump demands each figurine in the Trump Tower mock-up have a backstory. Here are the ones we didn't hear about., Apple has said no to the FBI's demand for backdoor decryption of an iPhone. Nintendo joins them., When it comes to Pope vs. Trump, do you take the side of the guy who wears that ridiculous thing on his head or the Pope?, Shepard Fairey designed a cool new logo for Bernie Sanders, but forgot to make one for Hillary, so we did it for him. We hope she likes it!, This week’s videos prove you can’t make great comedy without breaking a few eggs., "I’m sure all the party stores are sold out of MLK decorations.", James Corden’s “Carpool Karaoke” has created many memorable musical moments with popular artists. Not to mention a trail of destruction and chaos thanks to the late-night host’s dangerous, distracted driving., He also hasn't paid any rent for the 26th month in a row., Hillary Clinton and Bernie Sanders supporters take a break from attacking each other on social media to bury the hatchet in the name of Democratic Party unity., Watch as Ferrell gives shout-outs to his agent, all the employees at AutoZone, and, of course, famous actor Richard Dreyfuss., Busted., The GOP is saying it's too late in Obama's presidency to nominate a Supreme Court justice. But is there ever a good time to do it?, This year's batch of students all received full rides to Awesome University., Triumph the Insult Comic Dog took over our Twitter! Here are some of the best moments, presented by Hulu., Whether it's upgrading your watch, accessorizing your wrist wear, or finding a way to stand out when you're checking the time. These fashion tips will help every man update his look., Chris Baio of Vampire Weekend and Baio stops by to talk about father-son bonding, going solo, and throwing parties., Apple CEO Tim Cook refuses to comply with the FBI's recent demands. Think it's because of his new group of friends., This week's Vines are the jam., A year and a half ago, Jeb Bush wrote himself an email of encouragement to be sent from himself to himself in the middle of his presidential campaign., Supermodels Erin Heatherton, Caroline Lowe, and Hannah Ferguson take you behind the scenes of our climate-change themed swimsuit issue to the exotic locations where they were photographed in bikinis against dramatic backdrops of extreme drought, rising sea levels, and melting ice caps., Ben shows the women around his hometown and it’s so boring now that Olivia is gone and we have to listen to everyone else talk., We all know it's a superfood, but what really makes people so crazy for kale?, Watch as Corden gets to the bottom of Sia’s reason for secrecy, her belief in aliens, and this weird thing she can do with a dozen eggs., Sorry we don't have a cooler "take" on it, but we're just really friggin' excited about this., Last night in L.A., the Grammys honored music industry elite, while, also in L.A., Jimmy Kimmel helped rip them to shreds., Heading into the Nevada and South Carolina primaries, Bill took over Hillary's Instagram account again, and this time he decided to spice things up, Slick Willie style., Read these jokes before you drift off to sleep and they’ll be the first thing you remember in the morning!, Stay woke., America., This dad seems to have enjoyed the Grammys well enough, minus a few unfortunate parts., Kanye West recently tweeted at Mark Zuckerberg asking for $1 billion. Here's how he plans to spend it., Follow one woman's journey as she edits herself into each week's episode of 'The Bachelor' — and into Ben's heart. In this episode, Molly remains hopeful in the face of unrelenting obstacles., A look back at some of the most important and memorable commercials of the 1980s., Enjoy the salad, Carol. We'll be over here living our best lives with a large pepperoni pie., A look at the average person's lifetime pizza consumption based on the most famous pizza eater in movie history: Kevin McCallister in ‘Home Alone.', Will and Xtina stop by 'The Tonight Show' to remind kids that it's not about the color of your pants but how tight they fit that matters., Happy Presidents' Day! Relax and take a trip back in time to 1988 with 'Funny Or Die Presents Donald Trump’s The Art Of The Deal: The Movie' starring Johnny Depp.

Find out more about the #FODTrumpMovie here: http://bit.ly/1VhLzCu, When in doubt, fire a rocket launcher! Get your forehead-slapping hand ready, it's time for another recap of ridiculous moments from the latest episode of 'The Walking Dead.', As we all know, the aptly named Presidents' Day is the day we decide our country’s president. Thank god it's finally over!, Happy Presidents' Day! Take a moment to remember the people who made this country great: Kanye West, Shia when he's crazy, Meryl Streep, and Vin Diesel., These pics truly are the voice of a generation., The Funny Or Die News team braves the Arctic temperatures of the New York City streets to find out how their fellow New Yorkers are coping with the bone-chilling cold., This was a yuge week for internet content. Here are the highlights., You can never hit rock bottom if you have confidence in your ability to sink lower tomorrow., Supermodels Erin Heatherton, Caroline Lowe, and Hannah Ferguson have undoubtedly contributed to global warming with their collective hotness. Now they’re doing their part to raise awareness in our special swimsuit issue., Melissa McCarthy successfully hosts 'SNL' for the not-quite-fifth time while white people everywhere are losing they damn minds., Supermodels Erin Heatherton, Caroline Lowe, and Hannah Ferguson raise awareness about global warming in the hottest way possible in our special swimsuit digital issue., Meanwhile, at the White House... #matwh, The Triumph 2016 Election Special presented by Hulu features America's favorite dog puppet on the campaign trail chasing down Ted Cruz, debating with Mike Huckabee and hurling sharp-tongued insults at average Americans. You don't want to miss this., This week’s tweets have sex on the brain., null, Follow these simple steps to make the perfect Valentine for that special someone., These are the tastemakers of our generation., There are absolutely no rumors that this remake of 'Forrest Gump' is happening, but that won't stop us from speculating!, Having trouble coming up with a fun date idea for Valentine's Day? We got you covered!, Even though "Happy Birthday To You" is now officially in the public domain, Olive Garden's CEO wants to make sure his employees stick to the script of their totally awesome branded version., It might also be a good time to master the phrases "Wait! Don't go!" and "Can we still share a Netflix password?", Holy s*!t! The richest woman in America is very NSFW. Watch Melissa McCarthy in the new restricted trailer for #TheBoss now! In theaters April 8th., Great news! Now you can download Kenny Loggins' kickass theme song to the #FODTrumpMovie from SoundCloud for FREE!, Here's a handy guide to help make sure you're saying exactly what you mean to with that Valentine’s Day bouquet., When Donald Trump decided to bury his 'The Art Of The Deal' movie in 1988, he also shelved these associated media products and spin-offs., Forgot to get something for your lover? Don't worry, here are a bunch of terrible ideas for last-minute gifts., These GIFs easily squeezed out the competition this week., It’s Valentine’s Day and love is in the air. But sometimes your socially conscious bae makes it tough to have a romantic night out on the town without a protest., Jimmy Fallon sits down with the future Hall of Famer for a very insightful interview about the ins and outs of football., We could look at these all day, and you know what, maybe we will!, These GIFs may be too classy for some viewers to handle., This week’s videos just couldn’t seem to get out of their own way., In his election special on Hulu, Triumph the Insult Comic Dog reports from the primary states, chases down Ted Cruz and other candidates, coaches Mike Huckabee, attends Trump rallies, and so much more., What's the spell to get someone to quit while they're ahead?, A diehard fan outlines the series of 10 things that would cause him to finally give up on Kanye West., Adam Cayton-Holland explains the purely artistic motivations that unite him and his costars Andrew Orvedahl, Ben Roy, and Maria Thayer on their new truTV show, ‘Those Who Can’t.’, If you see something, say something., Vulgar names don't hurt Ted Cruz, they only make him stronger. Me-ow!, Owen Burke and Joe Randazzo are doing a Reddit AMA about 'Funny Or Die Presents Donald Trump's The Art Of The Deal: The Movie' RIGHT NOW! 

Ask away: http://bit.ly/20reLIA, Holiday enthusiast Marnie Tethers (Brittany Snow) is determined to deliver her extremely personal Valentine’s Day singing telegrams to the lovelorn, whether they want them or not., Don’t worry, this week’s Vines are more scared of you than you are of them., King of the Movie Soundtrack Kenny Loggins makes America great again with his original theme song for 'Funny Or Die Presents Donald Trump’s The Art Of The Deal: The Movie.', Senator Sandwiches stops by 'The Late Show' to explain that, contrary to what Bill O'Reilly says, he’s not the same as Donald Trump., The script contains notes from the film's executive producer, Donald Trump, meant for the script's writer, Donald Trump., Don't be a loser. 

Watch 'Funny Or Die Presents Donald Trump's The Art Of The Deal: The Movie' starring Johnny Depp, Alfred Molina, Patton Oswalt, Jack McBrayer, Ron Howard, and many more: http://bit.ly/1KGqG3o, The only way these photos could be any classier is if they were slathered in brass., Donald Trump’s lawyer, Jerry Schrager (Alfred Molina), gives a visceral demonstration of his attack-dog approach to practicing tort law.

Watch the full #FODTrumpMovie here: http://bit.ly/1nZwdY9, 'Funny Or Die Presents Donald Trump’s The Art Of The Deal: The Movie' stars Johnny Depp as a young Donald Trump in this never-before-seen 1988 made-for-TV gem., In 1988 Donald Trump wrote, directed, and starred in a made-for-TV movie based on his bestselling book 'The Art of the Deal’ that never saw the light of day … until now.

Behold, our EXCLUSIVE first look at this masterpiece of ’80s cinema starring Johnny Depp, Alfred Molina, Patton Oswalt, Jack McBrayer, Henry Winkler, ALF, and many more!

This is gonna be huge., According to 'The Choice' star, not even the son of God stood a chance against Leo in his prime., Somebody please take this man's phone away from him and replace it with one of the old iPods that only plays music and does nothing else., Michigan Republicans just made oral and anal sex a felony. Hmm. We're going to take a stab in the dark and assume there's a wee bit of repression going on here., An X-Files fan can't bear the horror of imagining his favorite characters in the creepy wasteland of his southern Ohio hometown., Looks like Madeleine Albright and Gloria Steinem aren't alone in shaming women who are voting for Bernie!, Follow one woman's journey as she edits herself into each week's episode of 'The Bachelor' — and into Ben's heart. In this episode, Molly thinks she's made it to Mexico but she couldn't be more wrong., Author Dan Marshall (Home Is Burning) drops by to chat about growing up in Mormon Utah, crappy jobs, and his dad having Lou Gehrig's disease. Shit gets real., Realizing it's Fat Tuesday and you need to take off all these beads and figure out your damn life., Just in time for Valentines Day, here are some dating tips and tricks from the love experts at Twitter Dot Com. Guaranteed to work!, "If you really think about it, isn’t a rich white man with a powerful family who’s losing despite those incredible odds the very definition of an American underdog?", Swimming with pigs, blonde women talk smack about each other, and a two-on-one between rivals Olivia and Twin., Triumph, the Insult Comic Dog is taking over our Twitter TODAY at 11 a.m. PST! Get ready: twitter.com/funnyordie, "A puppy who’s also a monkey and also a baby … um, random much? Hilarious!", Hey kids, relive the harrowing scene in Alejandro Iñárritu's epic revenge drama where Leonardo DiCaprio sleeps inside a mangled horse carcass for warmth. Realistic horse gore included!, Watch as the 'Daily Show' correspondent silences all the stuffy white dudes who think the topic of race is too "inappropriate" to bring up during a "family event" like the Super Bowl., Sometimes their best just isn't good enough, OK?, Colbert puts together the ultimate intergalactic dream team with the help of a magic football, and/or a few well-timed camera cuts., But is George Clooney still likable and handsome? You'll just have to see it to find out!, Three pelvic pumps is one pelvic pump too many., Unfortunately, this year’s Super Bowl halftime show went off without a hitch. But don’t worry, now you can create your very own halftime disaster scenario to fill that void in your soul!, Here are some of our favorite Twitter moments reacting to Eli’s non-reaction., It isn't about you, but bless you for complaining enough until we pay attention., Eli just can't let his big brother bask in the glory of his Super Bowl win for more than a day., Donald Trump stars in the scariest American horror movie of all time. Based on a true story., This week's best pics are ready to be unleashed in full force., Hurry on down to your nearest Butt Cutz location and get the hairstyle that took the ’90s by storm. It’ll never not be cool!, Watch as Ferrell dishes out some particularly grotesque facts about some extremely rare animals., Great time to corner the person at the party with a gambling problem and ask them to explain "the spread" to you. #SB50, A good trick when you're televising Coldplay performing is to show a lot of footage of different artists performing. #SB50, NOW IS A GREAT TIME TO SCREAM EVEN IF YOU DON'T KNOW WHAT IS GOING ON OR WHO TO ROOT FOR!!! #SB50, There are a lot of factors in predicting which team will win, but think it's mostly going to come down to who scores more points. #SB50, Don't be just another statistic. #SB50, If nothing else, sideline reporters should be required to wear helmets., Please click., Host Larry David is also joined by the real-life Bernie Sanders, but not before insisting on a simple pubes-check., Help protect one of nature's most fragile and endangered prostitutes., Yeah, this isn't gonna end well., Meanwhile, at the White House... #matwh, There are plenty of great reasons to read this week’s tweets, we just can’t think of any right now., null, Sure, movies would be way shorter, but at least they'd end on two high notes — somebody saying the title and a killer jam during the credits., "Hoo hoo," "the place where I keep my keys," and plenty more., Jessica Biel, Whitney Cummings, and Joy Bryant bust common myths about sperm-killing hot tubs and pregnancy-proof periods., An actual, anonymous NFL player translates all the garbage, PC interviews of players, coaches, and GMs going into this weekend's Super Bowl., He's also responsible for more pregnancies than snowstorms and broken condoms combined., In case you haven't heard, Super Bowl 50 is this Sunday. Here’s everything you need to know to be prepared., Things are heating up on Facebook feeds across America between Bernie and Hillary supporters. It's getting ugly., We put nine super cute critters to the ultimate test to find out which species is the animal kingdom’s truest soothsayer., Yesterday was Facebook "Friends" Day. Today, celebrate the people you barely know with Online Acquaintance Day., These GIFs know exactly what they're about., Negotiations in the judge’s chambers (JENNA ELFMAN) quickly break down into a discussion about the mechanics of four-way female oral sex., Conan is joined by the Broncos' Von Miller, the Panthers' Josh Norman and, everyone's favorite, Marshawn Lynch to celebrate the Super Bowl with yet another incredibly violent video game., We're not gonna lie — these statues are getting straight-up violated in every way a statue can be., How to change a tweet from "bad!" to "great again!", Whether caucus voting ties are settled by coin flip, knife fight, or good ole-fashioned jitterbug danceathon, each Iowa precinct has its own unique approach. Here are all of them in alphabetical order., What should we talk about before 6:30 p.m. EST on February 7, 2016?, Jeb Bush whips his constituency into a wild frenzy using just two simple words: "Please clap.", Wait, Martin Shkreli is an insufferable smarmy asshole? This guy? Are you sure?!? But he seems so chill & relatable!, Jeb Bush recently asked a silent crowd of supporters to "please clap." But what if they didn't?, You can still take home the gold with consistent 2nd place wins. Then redistribute that gold to your neighborhood & keep it out of the goddamn banks., It's like all this guy cares about is either running the ball into the end zone or forcing his teammates to do it for him. Ridiculous., Life is complicated. These graphs help it all make sense., This week’s list is jam-packed full of viral goodness., Houston Texans star running back Arian Foster shares his tips on how to properly field post-game interview questions and avoid embarrassing fumbles during a press conference., No offense to human celebs, but this is the kind of late night content we’d prefer to be seeing., And ducks prefer to be called Kevin, but you don't hear them bitching about it., This woman may not be cut out for professional webcam modeling., The secret is to not overthink it., How can you really show your appreciation for the black people in your life?, Donald Trump's sons, Eric and Donald Jr., are having trouble coping with their father’s stinging loss in the Iowa caucuses., Living the dream., An op-ed from a white man tired of being called sexist on Facebook for not liking Hillary., After coming in first in the Republican field in Iowa, Ted Cruz released this inspiring prayerful reflection., With Pride + Prejudice + Zombies hitting theaters this Friday, a group of concerned zombies has released a PSA to address some common misconceptions and stigmas about their condition. #Ad, Plus Hugh Laurie is the ringer in Jimmy Kimmel's 'E.R.' reunion, Danny DeVito almost died filming 'It's Always Sunny,' and Stephen Colbert and David Schwimmer reminisce about their time at Northwestern., This week’s Vines are seriously out of control., Dennis Quaid and Amanda Peet deliver some shocking news: There's actually something more popular in America than Taylor Swift, dogs, and football., The Patriots' tight end tells Conan about the time he pretended to be a security guard, but ended up becoming a real stripper., No presidential candidate stands a chance in Iowa without sucking up to Big Corn., “You should be out there playing accordion.”, Who is that man I see? Oh it's my dumbass husband, Rick, in a mask., Follow one woman's journey as she edits herself into each week's episode of 'The Bachelor' — and into Ben's heart. In this episode, Molly goes to extreme lengths to meet up with the group in Mexico., A guy whose vacay plans were ruined by the Zika virus outbreak expresses his totally justified frustrations., Lauren Mayberry of CHVRCHES is the first guest on the Tragedy Plus Time podcast! Lauren talks about the B's: bullies, break-ups, and eating burgers in bathtubs., Happy #GroundhogDay!, These tweets have some growing up to do, but that's OK., We went to the 2016 North American International Auto Show in Detroit with Ford! Here's a recap of the trip., All the girls tell Ben they hate Olivia and we wonder if Lauren H.'s retainer is the only reason to like her., America's most famous groundhog is happy to call the start of spring, but he just wants a heads up so he can cover up his little wiener., We hit up the AVN Awards in Las Vegas to ask porn stars how diversity in the porn industry compares to Hollywood., In a world where most frogs don’t speak, one has the courage to ask some very big questions., The quadrillionaire used to memorize employees' license plate numbers to keep track of their work habits. Yikes!, One of the hardest decisions duck parents have to make., Two guys one ticket., After watching '50 First Dates,' a man goes crazy attempting to connect the dots on Adam Sandler’s career., Ivanka Trump clears up any lingering questions you might have about the Iowa caucus., Not sure you're aware, but cars generally cost a lot of money and are expensive to fix if they happen to collide. Your baby doesn't really have an impact on driving habits. Also we get it, you had sex, congratulations., If the movie 'Groundhog Day' took place on February 2nd, 2016 in a reality where Trump won the Iowa caucus, it might have gone something like this., Can someone please use math or science to explain what the f*ck just happened to the entire month of January?, We polled 14 people to find out the secrets on how to beat the winter blues., Wondering what this caucus stuff is all about? Here's everything you need to know., This week's best pics are feeling a little punchy., You saw Carly Rae Jepsen perform in front of millions as Frenchy in 'Grease: Live!' Now see her sing to perplexed pedestrians for spare change on the streets of L.A., Another delicious Women Scouts Cookie confection! The perfect "Sunday fun day!" treat. 🍪, Danny confronts Kenickie about his very uncool line in "Summer Nights.", This week's top content includes young Vin Diesel at play, Neil deGrasse Tyson dissing B.o.B, and a conversation with God himself., New flavor of Women Scout Cookies! Comes with a free Maroon 5 CD for your grown-up ears! 🍪, It no longer makes sense to pretend to use a banana as a phone. Fortunately, we have a solution., These tweets may not be perfect, but at least they're honest., null, Close call! Almost forgot she existed., Safe to say these tweets are the only good thing to come out of this decision., Kanye might "stay away from that area altogether," but Twitter won't., Introducing all-new Women Scouts Cookies! Age appropriate snacks for the modern lady. 🍪, Hey Los Angeles! Need an excuse to have fun on a weeknight? Come down to UCB Sunset this Tuesday for standup by The Grawlix and a screening of their new truTV show, Those Who Can't.

Get tix here for just $5: http://bit.ly/1ZTMXw4, The evidence is pretty compelling. But whether it's true or not, you have to admit it would be pretty cool., How much pizza is too much pizza? 🍕, It's great that Mattel has released three new Barbie body types, but here are suggestions for 33 more they could try., Before you desecrate that ancient Indian burial ground, you might want to consider these potential drawbacks., The Kanye-Wiz Twitter feud spilled over into this leaked text message conversation between the two rap stars., This week's best GIFs demand your undivided attention., Fitness guru Matt McGorry shows you how to conquer your fear of death by trampoline in only 10,000 jumps., Watch as Donald Trump faces off against arguably his greatest opponent ... himself., We're going to go way out on a limb here and assume it is., Blake Griffin has a funny way of treating his real good friends., This week’s videos finally managed to shovel their way out after the big storm., Check out Caltech's funny and extremely nerdy video narrated by Future Keanu Reeves., A breakdown of the Kanye West–Wiz Khalifa "feud," plus a guide on how to avoid it in the future., No wonder Donald Trump is skipping tonight's Republican primary debate after Fox moderator Megyn Kelly tuned him up in a parking garage to end their last feud. Here's leaked footage of the beat down., "When you stand on the shoulders of those who came before, you might just see far enough to realize the Earth isn’t f*cking flat.", Kanye changed his album title again and posted the new track list. This is going to be the greatest album of all time!, Just a couple of dudes doing their damn thing in America. 🇺🇸, If you thought Donald Trump's press release announcing his decision to skip the next Republican debate was pretty bombastic, you should check out his first draft., It's time you learned about a different kind of rape control. And it's not just a longer skirt!, As Kanye West found out on Twitter today, Amber Rose has a finger ready for anybody trying to shame her for celebrating her sexuality., What has been seen cannot be unseen., It's a delicate situation. Delicate like an egg. Like a fragile, thin-shelled egg. Yup, exactly like that., Plus, Conan's thoughtful Abe Vigoda tribute, Kate McKinnon and Josh Brolin do impressions, and "Laurence Fishburne Presents 'Laurence's Fish Burns.' ", This week’s Vines have got nowhere to hide., Introducing the all-new, completely redesigned Funny Or Die app, now for iOS and Android!

Humor, it’s not just for Apple users anymore., The step-by-step training plan to get you from couch potato to object of everyone's jealousy, and also run a 5k somewhere in there too!, You've seen the 'Money Suit Social Experiment' on YouTube, now see how people on the street react to a suit festooned with nitrate-enriched, industrially processed tubes of meat., Watch as the 'Workaholics' star tells Conan how her dream of meeting Timberlake became an instant nightmare. HINT: Butt stuff., But even so, these GIFs are on a boat, just like that song., A Pennsylvania man’s obituary pleads, “In lieu of flowers, please do no vote for Donald Trump.” We scoured recent obituaries around the country and discovered he’s not alone., For a boy to truly become a man, he must wrestle his father to the ground and pin him for three seconds. Here's how to do it in a cool way., It's important to let the world know you're not that guy who bought a dog just to get laid., "The birds are not for money. The birds are for God.", Follow one woman's journey as she edits herself into each week's episode of 'The Bachelor' — and into Ben's heart. In this episode, Molly finally gets some one-on-one time. Or does she?, A guy who in no way resembles a deranged lunatic explains why Ted Cruz is the candidate for him., Want early access to our newest apps and a chance to win cool prizes? Of course you do! Here's how., Think about it — are you sick of the snow or do you just wish you could be it?, The Bachelor goes to Vegas! And what happens in Vegas stays pretty boring because this dude is a milk-toast snoozefest., So cute seeing Mark Zuckerberg share his child growing up!, Leaked outtakes from the Ted Cruz “aspirations” video reveal the future presidential candidate's strange obsession with Planned Parenthood, gay marriage, and his own butt sweat., Things get explosive as Conan travels to the Al Udeid Air Base in Qatar with Michelle Obama., No offense but these all make your kid sister look mad basic., Some 'Last Week Tonight' to tide you over until the show comes back February 14th., Are we watching the king of trolling get trumped by another troll?, Patiently waiting for Tyler Perry to rip off his Trump mask and reveal it's been him this whole time., A young Ted Cruz reveals his plans for world domination, and dismal hopes for a future in standup comedy., It's scary to think, but if we hadn't just told you, there's almost no way you would have ever known or cared., They're not playing games with parking signs in 2016. Stay safe out there., Screw that office Oscar betting pool. It's time to raid the supply closet and make your own Oscar!, Um ... we need to talk about Kenickie, you guys., Heads up, this week's best pics are comin' atcha!, The Beatles’ George Harrison joins God for a revealing chat about gardening, edible flowers, and manure., If aliens landed and asked us what's so great about the internet, we'd show them this., 2015 was the hottest year on record, and Mother Earth is ready to flaunt it!, "She just says whatever she wants. It’s like her mouth starts driving before her brain gets in the car.”, Speaking of which, our mom says you can't hang out with us anymore because you're a bad influence., This week’s tweets have no comment at this time., null, The East Coaster's guide to how best to enjoy yourself while you and your lover are holed up during this weekend's blizzard., What's a spot of poisoned tea between friends?, We can't think of a single part of it that isn't on-brand for Trump., Plus, Colbert's hot takes on 'Sesame Street,' Rashida Jones beatboxes with Reggie Watts, and two NFL players recreate a scene from 'Pretty Little Liars.', Dirty Grandpa costars Robert De Niro and Zac Efron sit down to exchange life lessons and big ideas, whether or not both of them really care to be there., Meanwhile, at the White House... #matwh, 'Penthouse' announced it'll keep its print magazine in production because “there’s gravitas about print that you can't replace.” Let's see how some past 'Penthouse' issues rate on the gravitas scale., The astronomer who discovered the ninth planet reveals he only did it to spite Pluto., This week's best GIFs are guaranteed to grab your attention., Zac Efron tries to convince his Dirty Grandpa costar Robert De Niro to put a modern spin on some of his most iconic films., Sarah Silverman tries explaining to Jimmy Fallon just how much she loves the smell of both fresh laundry and her boyfriend's balls., Whatever you do, don't get on the wrong side of these barriers., We really should have seen this coming., Filmed over a 10-minute period, 'Making A Husband' is an unprecedented real-life thriller about a husband, a wife, and a crime involving the toilet., It's refreshing to see a poster that's not afraid to tell it like it is., Coming soon to a screen near you!, This is what is looks like when you realize you are so so so f*cked., Check out two full episodes of truTV's new series Those Who Can't and relive high school through the eyes of the disgruntled, maturity-challenged teaching staff at Smoot High.

Watch the new series Thursdays at 10:30/9:30c on truTV beginning 2/11., The dos and don'ts for how to touch your coworkers on #NationalHugDay., Well, at least not ALL of this week's videos were losers., He just loves it so much!!, Crazy they got them all together to pose for a picture! Which one is your favorite?, Robert De Niro gives Dirty Grandpa costar Zac Efron's girlfriend a birthday greeting she'll never forget., Family fun is now a four-letter word on the 'Tonight Show.', A full 10% of college graduates in the U.S. already believe this is the case, so why the hell not?, null, If you wanna be an appliance owner, you're gonna have to take responsibility for it., And, ironically, only one for "snow.", Why does the best stuff always end up on the cutting-room floor?, What do the stars have in store for your seeds? What can you learn about your leaves via the lunar cycle? Discover all that and more in this month's plant-only horoscope forecasts., Popping the question somewhere other than a field of flowers or rustic Italian villa or similarly grammable location? Congratulations, you just played yourself., Also, Fred Armisen can do any Southern accent and Ed Helms goes on 'Conan' with nothing to talk about., Sarah Palin fails to make any sense while trying to endorse Donald Trump for President at a rally in Iowa., Got a little too ambitious with the New Year's resolutions again this year? It happens. Here are a few that are more your speed., We checked out a lot of Vines this week. Here are the ones that really caught our eye., Robert De Niro helps his Dirty Grandpa costar Zac Efron understand how great acting is a lot like crafting the perfect sandwich., Feast your eyes on the latest look to start sweeping the nation., #Twins are a very beautiful part of @nature!, They're all kind of Baldwins., Heading into this weekend's Conference Championships, we take a look at the strengths and weaknesses of the Broncos, Patriots, Cardinals, and Panthers., Steve Harvey welcomes Miss Colombia, Ariadna Gutierrez, to 'The Steve Harvey Show' to formally apologize for his flub at the 2015 Miss Universe Pageant with a long, awkward embrace., Follow one woman's journey as she edits herself into each week's episode of 'The Bachelor' — and into Ben's heart., After Sean Penn's success rooting out El Chapo, a 14-year-old kid pleas for the actor to help him track down his deadbeat dad., Points for trying to schedule a booty call days in advance, but maybe read the room next time before you put it all on the line., If you're feeling under the weather, we prescribe reading all these tweets ... LOL JK we're not doctors., Will Ferrell joins Mike O'Brien in the closet for some awkward conversation and a quick round of "Meme This Choke.", A woman leaves, a date ends in a hot tub, and so much crying on last night's episode of 'The Bachelor'!, How can millennials be expected to reconcile their love for apps with their passion for nostalgia? Here's how., Not enough drama for you in this season of 'The Bachelor'? Watch Jesse Tyler Ferguson try to find love in a mansion filled with other gay men who are also trying to find love., It's so great to have Tracy Morgan back on the late night circuit., God damn, Sara! Savage., Is this a joke? No. James Franco is a painter and he wants YOU to be his next subject. Interested? Great, because it all supports (RED). 

Enter to win here: bit.ly/JamesFranco-Paints-You, This week's pics are still a little upset they didn't win the Powerball., Nothing breaks down racial barriers like a nice MLK Day BBQ., Sex? Never heard of it., Join Bono for a bike ride through Central Park in NYC! Ride, laugh, snap selfies — maybe do a little harmonizing — all to support (RED)’s fight for an AIDS-free generation. 

Enter here: bit.ly/OmazeBonoBikeride, We rounded up all the best stuff you missed this week into one tidy package., "Dude, Matt straight up sucks!", That sound that kept you up till real late last night? Probably one of these., This week’s tweets are dumb, but they could definitely stand to be dumber., Before you watch this weekend's NFL playoffs, see how Los Angeles residents feel about the Rams moving to their city., Safety first., "This isn't what it looks like. Wait, what does this look like?", Twitter weighs in on this year's Oscars theme., We get a rundown on the hottest new social media app with one of its biggest breakout stars., Someone who very nearly majored in theater and could have if he had wanted to offers some constructive criticism to America's cutest lil' patriots., Even though they were on the same hit show, life isn't the same for Gunther and Rachel., Donald Trump's campaign song is this guy's new favorite jam., When Ben Carson got his foot stuck in that bucket, it was clear this was going to be an exciting debate., One man’s lack of opinion toward Drake and his music begins to cause problems in his personal and work life., This week's best GIFs can make themselves at home anywhere., Donald Trump's new campaign song is right up Kim Jong-un's alley, but the supreme leader is hard to impress., Watch as the 'Ride Along 2' stars rag on Conan’s jacket patches, word choice, and general whiteness., Movie night is interrupted by an unexpected guest., Tremendous new addition to the bathroom., How very, um ... Kim Jong-un of Trump., Your mom isn't so good with celebrity names., Congrats to the lotto winner from Chino! That's gonna buy a whole lotta tank tops., This white guy is enraged about Hamilton's Oscar snub despite the fact that Hamilton is not a movie., You may be able to find better videos soon, but NOT TODAY., It could always be worse. You could live in Chino., Seriously dick move, Mike., The NFL is moving the Rams to Los Angeles from St. Louis. Who will care about this team?!, Millennials are gonna eat this up., Watch as James Corden tries to convince Adele to form her own mega-squad with Beyoncé and take him on as her hype man., The more you know..., You'll laugh, you'll cry, you'll ... experience other emotions. Whatever, it's 20 seconds long and there's moonwalking involved., It's 2016, time to switch up your routine!, But for real though, those cops are dirtier than month-old bed sheets in a whorehouse., The greatest movie you'll never see., Here are all the standout moments from President Obama's final SOTU: bit.ly/1OrZkKs, Plus: Kevin Hart plays Drinko, Irish accent lessons from Saoirse Ronan, and a game to figure out what Betty White is older than., These GIFs are busy living your wildest Powerball fantasies., Eighty-one short-finned pilot whales stranded themselves on a beach in India yesterday. What were they trying to say with this desperate act?, There are only so many problems technology can be expected to solve., This week’s Vines have something they’d like to tell you., Former NFL star Eddie George thinks he'll be promoting his role in Broadway's 'Chicago,' but instead gets ambushed by a football-hating intellectual with shocking revelations from the new tell-all book 'NFL Confidential.', Finally, somebody convinces Mulder and Scully to hook up., Maybe you should work from home ... just this once., Finally, a unique perspective on politics., OK, pack it up everyone. We're done here., Kids these days just keep getting crueler., A real transcription of a real mom sharing her thoughts on the new Will Ferrell/Mark Wahlberg film, 'Daddy's Home.', You should probably plan what you want to do with the $1.5 billion anyway though, just in case., The Bengals/Steelers game Saturday was the perfect example of the mutant beast, King-Kong-chained-to-a-Broadway-stage show that the NFL has become., Plus: Ice Cube’s dating advice for The Bachelor, Morgan Freeman’s sexy voice, and Trevor Noah’s favorite presidential candidate., You can always take more next time, but you can't take less right now., Lace swears she's not crazy, Olivia's mouth spawns her own Twitter account, and it appears budgets have never been lower on 'The Bachelor.', While we’re away, these tweets will need to be fed, walked, and given adequate play time. Thanks again!, When a guidance counselor notices a student's unrealistic friend-group aspirations on social media, she feels the need to intervene., Conan remembers David Bowie as a hilarious man with many, many secrets., It's like they say: "Three's company, and a company is a good thing so that means three is good!", Seacrest sighting at the Detroit Auto Show Ford press conference!, "For the low price of $200 million, this 18 room/1 Charlie Sheen home could be yours for the taking.", Beginning to think giving Pete access to that button was a mistake., The genius filmmakers behind the University of Alabama's Alpha Phi sorority recruitment video take you behind the scenes of their latest hot promo., This weekend, the world learned that Sean Penn interviewed El Chapo prior to his capture. Unfortunately, we were out of the office., After a contest like this, you want to hear what these top-notch competitors had to say., Well that explains that., It's a tall order., Your whole life is in front you, but your ass is behind you, and its shape can say a lot about your health. Which kind do YOU have?, His people need him., This week's best pics couldn't be better., Don't show these GIFs to your deer friends unless you want them to be way embarrassed., Turns out the book doesn't include any rapping., "Horses are lean, powerful, and strong. With long beautiful hair. I want some’a that in me!", Queen B had no idea she wasn't headlining., Having sex at 5:30 in the morning is not as easy as The Weeknd makes it sound., A random assortment of the best stuff we found on the web this week., Laugh your cares away with this week's best tweets., null, This magnet is only right 14% of the week, but when it's right OH BROTHER is it right., A breakdown of which NFL team you should support in the playoffs based on your political leanings., What’s important is that you’ve already made up your mind on this issue before listening to any of this., Homer and the family couch go on an ’80s crime-fighting spree in this totally radical, retro-styled 'Simpsons' couch gag featuring an extra-sexy Flanders., Crime pays, that tank top costs $600., null, 'Serial' seems a little bitter about your new relationship., Trump's campaigning on a new platform to go back to the original Four Loko recipe with mystery ingredients that make you rip off all your clothes and listen to dubstep and throw up off the roof of the tallest building you can find. Finally a political issue worth getting behind!, El Chapo has been caught! Good work, gumshoes! Celebrate with a special performance of "Where In The World Is El Chapo?" by Rockapella., Actual NFL player and anonymous author of the new tell-all book 'NFL Confidential' tells you what players, coaches, and GMs are really saying in those highly sanitized interviews., This week's best GIFs are ready to get all up in your grill., Jennifer Lawrence takes her experience playing older women in David O. Russell films to new heights with the most dramatic transformation of her career., With the introduction of this new game, late night TV might never be the same., It's tech Christmas out in Las Vegas, and we've gathered up some of the the presents being unwrapped at CES 2016., Netflix will introduce its media-streaming service to 130 countries this year. A man from France responds to the prospects of Netflixing and Chilling., Oh, we know. We all know., Even the people hellbent on bringing swift and merciless death to the West want to ride The Donald's wave., If you save up enough tweets it’ll really pay off … in laughs!, Last year we successfully predicted Jared Fogle's shocking arrest (look it up!). This year we're feeling cocky AF and going all in., A fun and easy guide on how to draw a dog based on current trending topics., "Don't Have A Cow, Man" and "Vegans With Beef" were also strong options on the table. 🐄, A Twitter power-user can't wait to go nuts with the new 10,000-character tweet limit., This week’s viral vids have all been kid-tested and father-approved., As the 15th and final season of 'American Idol' begins, we take a look at what past judges are doing today., Beautiful do-gooders Colton Haynes and Cody Horn speak out against the unjust gender wage gap affecting male models., 'Transparent' star Amy Landecker tells Conan about a VERY uncomfortable interaction at last year's Golden Globes., Linzey Rae of Colorado metal band The Anchor has whipped together a parody cooking video for her devilishly delicious shepherd's pie., You've never had this much fun looking at pics of puzzles you haven't done., It's just pissing and talking. It's simple, but it ain't easy., Dear TSA: Just fucking be adults and tell us if we can bring pot on the plane or if you guys suck ass and we can’t., While announcing his executive actions to reduce gun violence, President Obama became visibly emotional and wiped away tears from his face. In a sign of solidarity and united vulnerability in general, our writers share the last time they cried., Whether or not you believe Steven Avery, the subject of Netflix’s ‘Making a Murderer,’ is guilty or innocent, we can all agree that state prosecuting attorney Ken Kratz is a wonderful human being. Now we can finally share our love for Kratz with friends and family, with these special holiday Kratz Kards., "I am a Barbie who can think, feel, and recognize that my life is hell.", Flawless defense., You’ll flip when you see this week’s batch of the only Vines worth watching., The secret to a successful New Year's resolution is to play to your strengths., They're both grizzly and a little dangerous!, President Obama sings Drake and Future’s “Jumpman” for Andre Drummond to start at the 2016 NBA All Star Game in Toronto. #NBAVote, A Conan staffer learns about piñatas, hotboxing the car, and more important stuff that's left out of drivers' ed., If you don't have anything nice to say, write it anonymously online., Shout out to all the Apple Geniuses doing their best to offer tech support without destroying relationships., If you're any kind of Beatles fan, this is the easiest personality quiz you'll ever take., Always set achievable goals if you want to avoid disappointment., We polled a bunch of kids to find out what they're looking forward to in 2016. Their answers will surprise you., Ben Higgins meets the ladies in the first episode of 'The Bachelor'! Here are the "highlights.", Enjoyed watching Leo crawl around in the snow trying to get inside of anything warm more back when it was called Sundance., Sure there were over 300 mass shootings in 2015, but should we wait till it’s a nice rounder number, like 500, to declare it an issue?, While the scientists who discovered these new elements are "technically" the ones who get to name them, we figured we'd save them the trouble., You'll know Bill Clinton is serious about campaigning when you hear that sweet sax squeal., One of these things is not like the other things!, Here's that shot-for-shot remake of Annie Lennox's 1992 hit music video "Why" you've been waiting for. You're welcome., Apologies to the people who said these catchphrases before, but they belong to Mr. Jackson now., "Hell yeah, a party in the wilderness with men and guns? That's what the Second Amendment is all about!", Proof that the essence of most YouTube content can be summed up in a single well-timed screenshot., Lots of movers & shakers in this year's 30 Under 30! Can't wait to see what they do in 2016!, His new campaign ad really makes it seem that way., Going to the gym sounds so good but hurts so hard., As of January 1st, Texas is the most populous state to allow the open carry of handguns in public places. We have several questions., Welcome back! How was your break?, Although George R.R. Martin has announced his latest book won't be finished before the next season of 'Game of Thrones,' he did manage to complete one chapter, and we have it here!, Just remain calm and act like you know what you're doing. Your boss can smell fear., Here are a few tips and tricks to keep the n00b vibe at bay and the gym rats from sniffing you out like a hunk of stinky sweaty cheese., Ten years ago, the "Crackberry" seemed like the height of technological distraction. How adorable is that?, Heads up! Here come this week's best pics., If she won't stop, he'll spend the rest of his life pretending to be on fire., This week's best tweets are looking pretty good, right?, "A powerful never-coming-of-age story." — NY Times, You better believe those two things are related., Hey guys, it's Janet Jackson. I'm not trying to complain, but I have a question., It wasn't just the bulge they edited..., "Say, it looks to me like you had sex last night!", The worst lies are the ones we tell ourselves. Happy New Year! 🎈🎉🎈🎉🎈🎉, Can Candace convince Mary-Kate and Ashley to return to 'Full House'?, In memoriam., The answer is simple ... and sort of gross., Happy New Year! 🎉🖕, #1: steak juice and dirty coins., Which dog are you in each of these pics, and what does that say about what your New Year's Resolution should be?, Everybody's got that one coworker., Recap of all the most important events of 2015, The last dad standing is allowed his pick of the other men’s wives., Just when you thought things couldn't get any better, here come the best GIFs of the year., Vapers beware., Also, huge fans of the combover. Huge., "My biggest trick is to pull down the bottom part of my bathing suit.", But please let us be clear: ISIS was definitely not on fleek., They'll warm your heart, and maybe wet your bed., Meanwhile, Will Smith just wants us to forget 'After Earth' ever happened., Do you know about Curt's new hat? You should see Curt's new hat., The Viral Boys break down the best videos of 2015, starting with everybody's favorite: the fails!

Check out the three-part series only on go90: go90.com, Including a woman who MIGHT boycott Bath & Body Works and the kid with the exploding glow stick., It's like bungee-jumping, but less extreme and more awkward., Just a reminder that we're back to normal rules where anyone wearing a Santa hat in public is sketchy as fuck., Ever see those weird "Here In My Garage" pre-roll ads on YouTube?, Feeling lucky?, Budding social satire. It goes down smooth., If it's so wrong why does it feel so right?, This week’s best tweets are certainly unpredictable., Mark Zuckerberg's official Year In Review was tasteful and professional, but the one he uploaded from his personal account? Not so much., Samuel L. Jackson is particularly sad., Turns out it's all goats., Let's face it, no one cares about you and your normal baby and your normal sweater., We made this Christmas Day Bingo board you can print out and play at home!, A Funny Or Die exclusive: A holiday card with all the warm fuzzies you need., Every time you walk past that tree and see those early gifts that are just sitting there to mess with your mind., Meanwhile, at the White House... #matwh, "What Kevin does when he finds out he's home alone is basically my entire adulthood.", Will Ferrell as Little Debbie, goodbyes to Letterman and Jon Stewart, and more., Ryan Gosling has a beautiful Christmas poem for you. Also, cookies!, The religious overtones of 'A Charlie Brown Christmas' are much stronger than most people remember., It's the most wonderful time of the year! Because you're constantly drinking to mask how miserable it actually is., "So we gotta say 'Happy Holidays' now I guess.", Forgot someone on your list? Luckily you have a 24-hour pass to the greatest store on earth: your body!, Ugly Christmas sweaters are the hottest fashion item this holiday season, and these sweaters are the ugliest of all., Ring in the holiday season with some films that we assure you are actually Christmas movies., Every year millions of trees are massacred and put on display for our amusement. This Christmas, one tree is speaking out., *Includes only news stories we had a good joke for., This time it's less early!, There's a tweet in here for everyone, even the ones who already "have it all.", You’ve got enough on your plate this holiday, so we cooked up some season-appropriate rants that'll really cut that little four-legged f*cker down to size., This Christmas, notorious Wall Street kingpin Jordan Belfort gives up all his worldly possessions to go back to nature and ride wild horsies in the woods., Do two women who look alike have to make a thousand videos about it until they are set free?, It's beginning to feel a lot like Christmas! Destroy! Destroy! Destroy!, No one asked, Neil., Cute and all, but we'll probably pass on taking any of these culinary adventures., Finally a holiday movie we can get behind., There are plenty of gifts you can give Mom to show your appreciation. A hamburger press isn't one of them., May the 'Star Wars' content live long and prosper!, Feeding time, trolls., Not even the Force could overpower the awesomeness of this week’s Vines., Mankind faces a new threat as Ben Affleck's Batman embarks on a personal vendetta against ... Santa Claus., Everyone knows dads are the hardest people to shop for. Until now., The Yelling Man calls bullshit on the so-called "War on Christmas” and explains how to escape the satanic stranglehold of corporate greed that really rules the holiday., null, These pics have their own special ways of dealing with holiday stress., Goddamn, Jeff. Is it really worth losing every friend you have at the office over a waterproof iPhone case?, These tweets update Christmas songs for 2015, which means it's safe to read 'em on your phone!, Mariah Carey rings in the Christmas season in true diva fashion in this instant holiday classic, only on go90.

Download the go90 app here: go90.com, When the Moon crashes to Earth, a curious boy goes in search of it. He should have stayed home., Who gives myrrh to a baby? Honestly., Will Ferrell, Mark Wahlberg, Linda Cardellini, and Hannibal Buress get more than they bargained for when they try to teach preschoolers about their new movie, Daddy's Home., With the release of 'Star Wars: The Force Awakens,' speculation can finally end. Now the real questions begin., Last night, Steve Harvey crowned the wrong woman Miss Universe and what ensued was just as uncomfortable as you'd expect., Don't fight it: This week's best pics are way too good to pass up., Billy and Sally just wanted Frosty the Snowman to be real, but not this real., Clear eyes. Full hearts. Must link., Hosts Tina Fey and Amy Poehler help 'Saturday Night Live' close out 2015 in style. 2008 style, that is., It's such a breath of fresh air to finally have one of these guys make good on their campaign promise., Meanwhile, at the White House... #matwh, This week’s round of tweets are so overloaded with hilarity you probably won’t be able to finish., Darren acts like you two are cool when there’s a fresh box of pepperoni involved, but don’t expect him to be around when you need someone to talk to about your parents’ divorce. 🍕, Cut the shit, Linda. Don't act like this is your first rodeo., For you to watch in between very real moments of concern for our Earth's current state., We discover the dangers of having Doc McStuffins as a role model for your kids., Some highs, a lot of lows., With the Chipmunks showing guaranteed to be a ghost town, one man can at last fulfill his ultimate fantasy., Congress passed a new $1.1 trillion budget bill this week. How did both sides of the aisle agree to it so easily? We have the line-item report from the latest budget., Stay safe out there., "It’s just that I have a wife and child and stuff so it would be really cool if I could exist as a human being outside of the Christmas season.", A very special cold open, plus producer Jordan Schlansky's Millennium Falcon model goes through a rough patch., Drift into the weekend in style with this week's best GIFs., An argument over the relative merits of beloved 'Star Wars' bounty hunter Boba Fett turns Greg and Charmaine into instant social media superstars — for about a minute.

See more Greg and Charmaine here: bit.ly/1QRiddU, Maya Rudolph, Jack Black, and Bill Hader do voices!, If you're looking for some good laughs this holiday season, these cards really deliver., Pretty much exactly how you'd expect Kevin McCallister to have turned out., "We did it! We saw all the nude parts of the female body. But that journey is over.", Just in time for the holidays, Jimmy Kimmel assists in using hot tweets to burn many of your favorite celebs., Check out Mariah Carey's Holiday Sketchtacular only on go90!

Get in the holiday spirit: go90.com, An actual, anonymous NFL backup gives us his strategies for how to look busy on game day., They're nothing to f*ck with, Martin. Not sure how you missed the memo., If we can't even trust boyish charmer Martin Shkreli, who can we trust?, God talks to a slightly bitter George Lucas about the new 'Star Wars' coming out., It’s been 10 years since the last batch of tweets about 'Star Wars' came out, so we’ve gotta make these count!, Safe to say that of all the classic holiday tunes, the “Baby It’s Cold Outside” duet is definitely the creepiest., The legendary actor sits down with Colbert and proves that just because it's called a "talk show" doesn't mean you need to speak., Life is like a bunch of Christmas sweaters: The loudest ones get all the attention., New Santa Will Ferrell promises to find out who’s naughty or “noice.”, Google released the top searches of 2015. But that's just the tip of the iceberg., Going to be an inconsolable mess if Chewie loses all his hair in this., Plus John Krasinski and Jimmy Kimmel's Christmas prank, James Corden joins One Direction, and Jennifer Lawrence talks about when she tried to ask out Seth Meyers., Disney seriously needs to relax with all this #StarWars merchandise., null, The candidates made several bold claims at last night's debate, and we're not about to let their truthfulness go unchecked., A father's heartfelt apology to his children for turning their adorable holiday tradition into a terrifying fight for survival., Still searching for the perfect gift for that hard-to-shop-for person in your life? Send them this lovely basket of viral videos., James Harden has his head in the game 100% of the time, whether he needs it there or not., Tableaus of celebration, peace, and families spending time together are nice and all, but here are some snow globes that reflect the holiday experience most of us actually have., YouTube sneaker authority Brad Hall scores a seasonal job at the Detroit Pistons Locker Room Store, which allows him to survey the goods and shoot around with the Pistons' Jodie Meeks., Turns out that before Colbert made him angry, Harrison Ford didn't really care much about the whole "space thing.", You probably won't get the movie if you don't watch these!, Pigeon Man isn't the hero this city needs or deserves, but he’s the only filthy bastard available. 

Click here for the debut issue: bit.ly/1lOzide, A text image is going around that lists traits the creator finds desirable in a woman and signal you to "marry her, yesterday." Here are our contributions to this emerging meme., It’s not always ideal but car sex is one of the checkpoints all men pass through on their road to manhood. Here's how to do it right., He may not be the classiest superhero, but Pigeon Man isn't afraid to speak up when he sees somebody get the ass end of a raw deal — especially when he's that somebody., No chill, Donald. #GOPDebate, Mixing up the tags on the Christmas gifts can lead to some embarrassing surprises., Real-life Grinch and notorious asshat Martin Shkreli takes a break from jacking up prices on life-saving medications to ruin Christmas., In the quest for justice, only one superhero is willing to get his hands this dirty fighting crime. In fact, he wouldn't have it any other way.

Follow the adventures of Pigeon Man here: bit.ly/1TOna6x, This week’s Vines should be tough to beat in a one-on-one matchup., Follow Pigeon Man, a new comic antihero from Funny Or Die, as he swoops down on violent crime and doles out his own filthy brand of avian justice., Ted Cruz shows you how to deploy an arsenal of strategic facial expressions and gestures to win any debate., In a city riddled with crime and desperate for salvation lives an unlikely hero. Horny, hungry, uncaring, and unloved, he is Pigeon Man. And he’s better than nothing. Maybe., Tina Fey is the best. Her Robert De Niro impression? Not so much., These GIFs are like open books that don't really say anything or have any words in them., 'Tis the season for ... hold on, WTF?!, For more than a decade, redditor berjon1 and his wife proved they are true comedians by simply never giving up on their silly bit., Trump released a less-than-perfect doctor's note today declaring his perfect health. We fixed it for him., Subscription boxes are all the rage this holiday gift-giving season. Here are six that should cover every person on your list, no matter how broad or specific your knowledge of them!, Uncanny resemblance between Mark Zuckerberg and his kid!, The Paris climate accords are an unprecedented step toward fighting global climate change. You're welcome., Mariah Carey rings in the Christmas season in true diva fashion in this instant holiday classic, only on go90.

Watch it here: go90.com, He gave up a life of leisure to bind himself to a gang of sadistic sociopaths for an eternity of forced labor. Who does that?, Introducing Muslim-Meet, the only surefire way to cure your Islamophobia., Looking for a solid entertainment option this morning? This week's best pics are a perfect fit., Phil Rosenthal schmoozes his way through a terrorist takeover in this Semitic remake of one of the greatest Christmas action movies of all time., Was he disappointed? Sure. But that didn’t stop him from giving it his all., This week’s links need you to hold their gun for a while until things cool down. Don't worry, they can explain., This week’s 'SNL' was all about Republican wisecracks and Chris Hemsworth’s six pack., His whole campaign has been building up to this moment., All we wanted for Christmas was 15 minutes of comedic news fails., This week’s best tweets have arrived to help get you into the holiday spirit., null, Meanwhile, at the White House... #matwh, Barkley’s commentary is so right on that we’ve brought in legendary basketball analyst Marv Albert to do commentary on Barkley’s commentary., Plus Bruce Willis does his own stunts and Samantha Bee talks her new show's trolling hotline., Relive the magic of 'The Hypothetical Star Wars Holiday Special' with these out-of-this-world GIFs!, For everyone dreaming of a white Christmas and a green wallet., The Yelling Man returns to take on this country's love of guns in the wake of yet another mass shooting., This week's best GIFs are just great, even if they do seem a little bent out of shape., A side-by-side comparison of our updated ‘Star Wars Holiday Special’ featuring Train and Jason Alexander with the notorious trainwreck that NBC aired in 1978., Jason Alexander, Train, and Funny Or Die join forces for an updated 'Star Wars Holiday Special’ featuring all the key characters from 'The Force Awakens.' It just happens to be based solely on rumor and conjecture., Colbert shows Stewart the only way you can get people to pay attention to you on TV these days., No kid should have to wake up to this., Peanuts not included., Wait, we mean the cool side. Wait, no, the good side. That's it., The 'Star Wars' star gets Photoshop-battled into all sorts of weird scenarios where no body is needed., Here's what Christmas in Westeros will look like for Jon, Dany, Tyrion, and all the rest., This goes out to anyone frantically overloading their brain with information that they'll never need again for the rest of their life., If Santa really wants to take his career to the next level, he knows he needs to get the hell out of the North Pole., Being treated like a child by the neighbor lady isn’t so bad when you realize it means extra gifts at the holidays., Not surprisingly, the traumatic events of Kevin McCallister's childhood took a serious toll on his psyche., The new human you created is great and all, but we also have some standards., Will Ferrell joins Billy Eichner to demand holiday cheer from New Yorkers while grilling them on Christmas-movie trivia!

Watch Billy On The Street Thursdays at 10:30/9:30c on truTV!, The Koch brothers wrote an anthem for climate-change deniers and tapped an all-star cast to sing it including Jennette McCurdy, Emily Osment, Darren Criss, Estelle, January Jones, and many more! #ClimateAnthem, Everybody wins whenever these two get together., Forget every other "woman getting attacked by a goat" video you've ever seen. These here, these are the real winners., They probably have some other nice qualities though!, We get it, Walter! Just please be mindful of where you leave your balance ball chair. Susan tripped on it and almost broke her darn neck., This footage of a bald eagle attacking Donald Trump is the most potent metaphor for freedom in the history of America., While posing for a 'Time' Magazine cover story, Donald Trump was attacked by the very symbol of America., Donald Trump said he'd talk to Bill Gates about "closing the internet." It's not the only thing he's been emailing him about., Since TIME's "Person of the Year" is basically the equivalent of People’s "Sexiest Man Alive," we made sure to ask the German Chancellor the appropriate questions., As the annual neighborhood snow day football game approaches, the athletes are feeling the heat during tryouts, even as they struggle to keep from freezing., Here’s your last chance to catch up on everything you couldn’t possibly have missed on the internet this week., As with all things Kim & Kanye–related, just keep telling yourself it could always be worse., It's cool, though, as long they're "keeping an ear to the ground" for the perfect job opportunity., Donald Trump hits back at critics of his recent comments on Muslims and other minorities with his take on an American standard., If you say it in French, the phrase "I smell burning hair" no longer sounds like a horrible nightmare., Hey, we did it! We finally got to the end of the internet. Unfortunately, all that was there were a bunch of weird toilet pics., Victoria's Secret really cutting some corners with the talent this year at the #VSFashionShow., The Auralnauts manage to turn Darth Vader's villainy up to 11 with overdubbed Donald Trump audio. Impressive. Most impressive., The FBI does not want you to do this. And remember, kids, it's always a good idea to listen to the FBI over Elisabeth Hasselbeck., ATTN Star Wars Fans: If you see something, say something., The two old friends reunite in song, plus Channing Tatum says hateful things to a kitten, and the public lies about Kim and Kanye's baby., These celebs tweeted that 2015 was gonna be their year. It wasn't., Tips for enjoying yourself and establishing dominance over fellow nonprofessional bakers this holiday season., With both players currently on the injured list, New England Patriots Rob Gronkowski and Julian Edelman have nothing else to do but text., Try not to be too overwhelmed by this week's dazzling array of shiny new Vines., Don't forget the eye contact. Eye contact is key., 'Madden 2016' will feature its first fully immersive Story Mode, allowing YOU to cover up domestic abuse, design a racist logo, and even suffer from acute brain damage!, By not getting invited onstage during the singer's '1989' tour, Adam Scott may have lost the respect of his children forever., Take photos of Republican candidates holding guns and replace the firearms with sex toys, and the world is suddenly a less evil place., People were saying some unholy things about Saint West., The long-simmering flirtation between Donald Trump and America's racists has sadly come to an end after Trump tried to take things too fast., There's already Baby Yeezy apparel for Saint West. It's just a burlap potato sack with a hole that costs $6,500., By not-so-delicately combining celebrity with food culture, this new Instagram account is hoping to redefine how stupid something can be and still be absolutely fantastic., Ending the life of the 14-year-old golden retriever that your children sincerely cherish as much as each other, and you, is super lame to say the least. But it doesn’t have to be!, null, Conservative pundit Erick Erickson shot up the print edition of 'The New York Times.' Guess nobody told him that print is already dead., Save the life story for your memoirs. The right card is worth at least 1,000 words., Seriously, we don't even know where to start with this one., Prepare to get emotional while browsing this week's best pics., Dita Von Teese shows you how to look impossibly sexy while performing even the least-sexy tasks., These scenes are cranking the randomness up to 11., This week's best links are an elaborately constructed series of comedy traps you should be eager to walk right into., Now that it's over, let's all laugh along with him., There's always one friend who can't understand the basic rules of a group chat. And without rules, society crumbles., Choosing your favorite tweet is just like choosing your favorite child: Just pick the first one., null, Whether you just broke up with someone or you're an aunt who shares too many memes online, think about heading to one of Chappelle's shows!, Get some relief from the typical Trump coverage with these hilariously satisfying Photoshops., Rinse and repeat., A disgruntled user of the new Disney dating site shares his concerns with its creators., Facebook's new app claims to get the photos of you trapped in your friends' phones. But why bother when you can just verbally harass them?, A confrontation between the NYPD and a guy on a hoverboard takes an unexpected turn., Not interested in hearing the story about that time you turned your Intro To Psych textbook into a bong., God gets a wake-up call on just how much has changed since he retired., In Iowa this week, Ted Cruz said he likes condoms. Likes them so much, in fact, he's planning to release his own condom collection., This week's best GIFs are definitely up to something., Still traumatized by the Star Wars prequels, a few diehard fans of the franchise seek counseling to deal with their crippling expectation anxieties about ‘The Force Awakens.', It wasn't until halfway through the tour that Forte realized this was probably an HR disaster., The evidence is clear: Barack Obama and nu-metal singer Jonathan Davis are one and the same., Nick Offerman sips whisky by the yule log for 3/4 of an hour., Dang, we have so many cool things going for us — BBQ, baseball, the Grand Canyon — does this have to be what we're known for?, If you find yourself doing something freaky with a candy cane under the mistletoe, there's probably a name for it., Dick Cheney's new marble statue in the U.S. Capitol looks suspiciously perfect for Disneyland's Haunted Mansion. 👻, After yet another mass shooting, God wants everyone to stop giving their "thoughts and prayers" and actually do something., You can never let winter defeat you, even though it will definitely try., We got our hands on an early draft of Mark Zuckerberg and Priscilla Chan’s letter to their daughter about their decision to donate 99% of their Facebook shares to charity., You can't tell from the trailer, but 90% of 'Batman v Superman' is just them arguing about gun control legislation on social media., Julianne Moore joins Billy Eichner to ambush innocent tourists in Times Square with her acting ability in the hopes of making some tip money!

Watch Billy On The Street Thursdays at 10:30/9:30c on truTV!, These tweets should be able to hold you over for 3–5 weeks easy., The toughest opponent you'll ever have to face isn't Creed or Rocky ... it's Billy Elliot., Carrie Underwood joins James Corden to help recreate the most annoying sound in the world., The Daily Show correspondent teams up with BTTF's Christopher Lloyd to try and rid the world of these Segway-in-disguise hoverboards., Maybe just a few regrets., You miss 100% of the shots you don't take, and also some of the ones you do take!, Actually love. 🍕, Turns out watching the campaign-ad sausage get made is every bit as unsettling as you'd expect., Spoiler Alert: so much cursing., We had a vision of Donald Trump in a debate with five Trump impersonators, and we're willing to pay millions of dollars to see it happen., This week's best vids communicate at a frequency all species can appreciate., Paul Scheer & Scion offer a stranger the chance to check off some bucket-list items. But from whose bucket?, Derek the mall Santa lays out some non-negotiable ground rules for this year's Christmas rush., Even the most diehard rom-com fanatic can't be expected to overlook plot holes this huge., Leaked footage shows Mystery Science Theater 3000 bots Crow T. Robot and Tom Servo auditioning for 'Star Wars: The Force Awakens.' They may have been a little typecast., Matt Damon auctions off a chance to join him in being treated terribly by his nemesis Jimmy Kimmel., Who needs another Batman v Superman: Dawn of Justice trailer when the original teaser photo told us everything we need to know?, But really, if you need Neil deGrasse Tyson to tell you which one's better, you should be embarrassed to call yourself a nerd., Kobe's really phoning it in at work since announcing his retirement. 🏀, The NSA will now gather only the finest hand-selected, domestically sourced metadata to use against you in federal court., It’s very hard to look cool to your 12-year-old son while making eye contact and stammering through the word "vagina." But it’s not impossible!, When you live in a delusional world, who HASN'T endorsed you?!, Kevin Bacon shows you how to tap into your emotional core to reach the ultimate skill level in acting.

Watch more of 'The Actor On Acting with Kevin Bacon': bit.ly/1TsbTsU, It was quite the struggle, but we managed to round up another hot batch of Vines worth watching 60 or 70 times a piece., Kevin Bacon shares his best insider tips and tricks on how to take your acting to the next level.

Watch more of 'The Actor On Acting with Kevin Bacon': bit.ly/1No50YN, It can be difficult to discern between your common dove and your run-of-the-mill pigeon. Let's clear up the ambiguity., Kevin Bacon demystifies the art of acting and shows you exactly what it takes to make it.

Watch more of ‘The Actor On Acting with Kevin Bacon': bit.ly/1N0RxCM, David Spade shares with Conan the origin story of a certain fat guy in a little coat., Behold "The Chanukah Song Part IV" in all its updated-for-2015 glory., Twitter was happy to run with this photo and help His Coolness by ghostwriting some bars for his next freestyle rap battle., Chuck Todd calls him out for his Islamophobic lies, but as usual, Trump won't back down from being a lying piece of shit., Don't miss out on Adele's #CyberMonday sale! 😢, A fun and easy guide to drawing a dog based on current trending topics., Welcome back! How was your break?, Kobe Bryant follows up his retirement-announcement poem with one aimed squarely at his haters., Sam needs his aux cord privileges revoked and Rick has gone hatchet crazy. Here's everything you hopefully missed from last night's ridiculous midseason finale., It is insanely sad, but also makes you want to buy groceries for your grandpa. So ... mission accomplished?, These toys have seen some shit., Still waiting for him to come back from getting a pack of cigarettes in 1996., Get in the right head space with this week's best pics., With The Walking Dead midseason finale almost upon us, let's take a moment to reflect on the utter ridiculousness that got us to this point., David Beckham may have been crowned Sexiest Man Alive in 2015, but that's just the start of all the sexiness on display this year., Chances are you'll be quoting these tweets for years to come., Smile! The best GIFs of the week are finally here!, Rebecca Tyler (Teri Hatcher) prepares her family for the madness of Black Friday in this FOD Holiday Classic. Also starring Tom Arnold., Seth Rogen grew up thinking Jews in Canada didn't celebrate Thanksgiving, until he realized his parents were just lying., You're gonna want to save room for these jokes., Friendsgiving is going to be lit AF this year., We all know secular traditions have overshadowed the religious origins of Christmas, but did you know the same is true of Thanksgiving?, Here are 30 quick-n-dirty tips for hosting a Thanksgiving your friends and family will never forget., Can’t pull your family away from their phones to enjoy a nice holiday meal? Maybe a turkey leg to the face will get their attention., Don't be Sarah this Thanksgiving. Nobody cares about your bullshit., Given the GOP's history of co-opting conveniently titled rock songs, Tom Petty knows it's just a matter of time before they use his 1985 hit for their anti–Syrian refugee agenda., This week's best viral vids are a real treat., Here's how to experience that classic day-after-Thanksgiving trampling without all the crowd-related headaches that usually come with it., It's the first ever Billy On The Street Thanksgiving Parade! Join Billy Eichner and his cohost Katie Couric on a journey through some of Billy's favorite pop-culture moments as captured in epic balloons, huge floats, and more!

Watch 'Billy On The Street' Thursdays at 10:30/9:30c on truTV!, Aack! It’s Thanksgiving and the main table is all sorted and set but you have to figure out where all the loose-end guests have to sit. What do you do?, This Thanksgiving, Stephen Colbert is thankful that Donald Trump keeps saying stupid stuff that he can make fun of., These GIFs can't catch a break! Or anything., Superman has super vision. But he's also a good guy with perfect hair, so that's pretty much where the similarities end., George Lucas Tries to Get Star Wars Back from J.J. Abrams, We know which hashtag we're most thankful for this year., Jeb Bush and other GOP members have said they'd be open to letting refugees into the U.S. only if they’re Christian. Here’s how they’ll determine who’s worthy., They know exactly what they're doing., HBO's new Game of Thrones poster suggests Jon Snow is alive. But that's not all it tells us., An internal Amazon memo reveals other ill-advised Nazi-themed marketing ideas for its new show., Mike is 30 years old and refuses to spend one more year at the kids' table., Ben Carson is trying to separate himself from his cameo appearance in the 2003 Farrelly Brothers comedy 'Stuck On You' starring Matt Damon and Greg Kinnear. But why?, Just like the rest of us, this week’s batch of top vines are excited to be heading home for the holidays., Celebrity chef Giada De Laurentiis shares her deafeningly delicious Thanksgiving Day meal plan, featuring enough crispy and crunchy delicacies to drown out even the worst family drama., Adele, on her Box of Lies debut: "It was either this or the Lip Sync Battle.", These GIFs are keeping a close eye on you., New Game of Thrones poster seems to suggest Jon Snow is alive, and super pissed., It might not save them, but it'll probably soothe them., null, It’s Movember, the month where men grow facial hair to fight cancer. We have a Movember Facial Hair Guide for men who can't grow facial hair!, Over 50 meteorologists own the exact same dress, all because of a Facebook group they're in., Terror may close the streets of Brussels, but it will never stop the cat memes., Donald Trump retweeted an image with fake and racist information about crime rates, and left it up knowing they were fake. In that spirit, we created some more fake facts for Trump to tweet out., Spoiler alert! Not so shocking news about a character and the worst CGI balloons of all time., It feels slippery., Who will be this year's presidential pardon turkey? Let’s take a look at our 2015 finalists and their odds out of Vegas., This week's best pics will follow you to the ends of the Earth until you promise to stay off their lawn., Creed frontman Scott Stapp reviews the new movie Creed. Spoiler alert: It wasn't what he expected., It ain't easy being a refugee and, thanks to Congress, it's about to get even ain't easier., Bree Olson quits porn to try her hand at sketch comedy, but can she really leave her past behind?, Before you hunker down for tonight's new episode, relive the most ridiculous moments from last week., If the mood catches ‘em right, this week’s links will grab your leg and just go to town., We're all Adele this Thanksgiving., Replace flu shots with tequila shots & eventually your cold will be too wasted to show up for work., These tweets make some excellent points., The band meeting to decide on the spelling was six hours long with a 20 minute break in the middle., Some GIFs are better left unexplained., Guac costs extra, but dancing around a circle of purses will forever be on the house. 🌯, Hey, those psychic-college student loans aren't gonna pay themselves off., Who knew they could keep going like this? If it wasn't so disgusting it'd be impressive!, If Facebook really wants to improve the breakup experience, this is what they have to do., Congrats on your new life with Tom!, The people waiting next to you at the bus stop also don't appreciate when you put a condom on a banana. 🍌, Trevor Noah points out some disturbing trends in the candidate's speeches that suggest he is hungry for ... everything., Thanksgiving is the perfect time to brag about the number of times you've had sex. But make sure you're classy about it., No kidding, this week's best GIFs really hit the spot., An Irish son gave his culchie dad a GoPro to film his vacation in Los Angeles. He did not, however, instruct him on how to use it..., Jennifer Lawrence is officially the Kween Of Being Uncoordinated., Somebody sign these critters quick!, Meanwhile, at the White House... #matwh, Hey, fellas, do you love music but hate how women-centric it is? We've used state-of-the-art technology to transform some classic girl-power songs into man-power songs! You're welcome!, No big deal, just letting you know that we're a goddamn crystal ball over here., Let's party like it's a 2015 fake social media holiday!, With all the insanely dumb things coming out of Ben Carson's mouth, how was he able to graduate from medical school and become a world-renowned surgeon? Something seems fishy., Take a moment today and reflect on all the things you're thankful for. 🦃 #Thanksgiving, Ben Stein said that President Obama hates America and it might be because he's black. This explains some rule changes he was pushing for on his former game show., These tweets are cute and they have nice personalities, too! We promise…, From the mastermind behind 'Chicago Fire,' 'Chicago Med,' and 'Chicago P.D.' comes a gritty new drama about Chicago's heroic servants in waste management., As a young person, you have the most important job at the Thanksgiving table: ruining the meal for everyone else. And now it's easier than ever!, The nation’s biggest polluters call in the Fixer (Jeff Goldblum) to craft a devious workaround to the EPA’s Clean Power Plan.

Click here to join the fight against big polluters and their allies in Congress: lcv.org/thefixer, Now that you love Bieber, have fun watching him goof off about fashion, dicks, and invasive paparazzi., Stay. Sit. Speak. Get pranked!, Also includes celeb faces like Will Ferrell, Kristen Wiig, Penelope Cruz, and Justin Bieber!, Hidden Tim Cook nudes on every device, "Steal a MackBook" Tuesdays, and 13 more of Apple's best-kept secrets revealed!, We say goodbye and pay respects to the campaign of (former) presidential candidate Bobby Jindal., No one has thought about David Beckham for, like, ever. How is he the sexiest man alive? Is he even alive?, Coming soon to a spin class near you., "I'll just sit here in my American flag hijab and let you two argue if I love my country or not.", Jack McBrayer finally discovers Alexander Skarsgård's real reason for joining the Greenpeace International mission to the Arctic. But is he too late to save him from his path of self-destruction?

Watch Jack and Alex’s entire adventure here: funnyordie.com/greenpeace

And sign the petition to Save the Arctic: grnpc.org/IgSKx, That viral peanut butter baby left his sister behind and decided to go solo., Alexander Skarsgård and Jack McBrayer continue north into the Arctic with Greenpeace International while their friendship goes south. Jack finally gets his sea legs while Alex struggles to hide his dark secret.

Watch Jack and Alex’s entire adventure here: funnyordie.com/greenpeace

And sign the petition to Save the Arctic: grnpc.org/IgSKx, Videos have never been more viral than they were this week., Alexander Skarsgård and Jack McBrayer set sail with Greenpeace International on an Arctic adventure of a lifetime, but while Alex embraces the hero role, Jack fears he doesn't have what it takes to survive.

Watch Jack and Alex’s entire adventure here: funnyordie.com/greenpeace

And sign the petition to Save the Arctic: grnpc.org/IgSKx, Last night, Conan became the first late night host to do a show in Armenia and just the seventh to take up traditional sheepherding., A look at the universal language of slappin' fives., Stay safe. 🕷, 'Home Alone' came out 25 years ago! See what the actors are up to now., Plus: Daniel Craig on James Bond's drink order, Seth Rogen on Kanye West, and Aziz Ansari on his dad going Hollywood., Kicking ass when necessary is essential to a youngster’s passage from little baby boy to big strong handsome man. Here's how to look cool doing it., If you missed Hilarity for Charity's live stream of James Franco's Bar Mitzvah, soon you'll be able to see Seth Rogen, Miley Cyrus, Ron Funches, Al Madrigal, Kyle Kinane, Bill Hader, Jeff Goldblum, Zac Efron, HAIM and more welcome Franco to manhood only on go90., 'The Force Awakens' trailer looks great, and Lucas wants in., Meanwhile, at the White House... #matwh, Fifteen years ago Tom Brady sold his soul to the devil so Peyton Manning would do all the aging for both of them, and we've got proof., Jessica Biel and WomanCare Global CEO Saundra Pelletier use silly-goof humor to help teenage girls get a better handle on their reproductive health., It’s the most wonderful time of the year … for Vines!, God accidentally inspires Adele to make an impulsive and insane career move., After burying the hatchet with actor Fisher Stevens, Aziz sits down with the film's true star, Johnny Five., These signs are wild., It seems the Venn diagram of people who like internet porn and who like video games has a bit of an overlap. Who knew?!, Don't double-cross these GIFs or they will double-cross you twice as hard., What you're doing is stupid and wonderful., A couple hatches a plan to prove their crazy friend Meg (Kate Walsh) is faking all her food allergies., What happens when you fall asleep with your shoes on at your own movie marathon., The bad news is it looks like Jules will be out for several games. The good news is he's not dead like Gronk assumed!, Abraham has a fever and the only cure is tying up loose ends., John Oliver tells ISIS exactly what he thinks, in language only suitable for cable., This week's best tweets have once again found themselves on the wrong side of the law., This week's best pics are putting their best face forward., Zach Galifianakis, Jason Biggs, Joseph Gordon-Levitt, and more are getting pumped for the release of 'Star Wars: The Force Awakens.', Shia LaBeouf just spent three days watching all his movies in reverse chronological order while livestreaming his reactions. Reddit turned it into art., Rand Paul challenged Bernie Sanders to an hour-long capitalism vs. socialism debate. In the meantime, we let the two ideologies get together and hash things out., 'Master of None,' from Aziz Ansari and Alan Yang, is another Netflix hit. Get the inside scoop here with the choicest answers from their Reddit AMA., Behind in the polls and growing increasingly agitated, Donald Trump decided to vent on a crowd in Iowa recently., One man's open letter to President Snow on why he's happy to volunteer his little bitch of a stepson for the Hunger Games., Happy Friday the 13th!, Donald Trump has a new book, an SNL appearance, and is just behind Ben Carson in the polls. His sons want you to ignore that last part and Make America Great Again., Don’t like this week’s best GIFs? Deal with it., This top-secret footage exposes the harsh training regimens and blatant steroid abuse that produced some of the greatest Russian athletes of the past century., Fortunately, as a late night talk show host you don't need to rely on tips., Playing a sports game can make you a little loopy sometimes., When you're listening to your best friend explain why they're getting back together with their ex., Also: Putting the Christ back in coffee cups, Rob Lowe thinks Grindr is an app about his show, and Jesse Eisenberg's "Thanksliving" celebration., After watching “WTF (Where They From),” grinding it out at your day job just doesn't seem that important., By now you've probably seen this painting hanging in Ben Carson's home of him and Jesus. But that's not his only one., In his first installment, The Yelling Man sticks it to the Ohio narcs who tried to pass some bullshit, self-serving weed legislation., Not everyone is so quick to celebrate Snoop Dogg's new mainstream cannabis brand, Leafs By Snoop., A deep dive into the making of America's greatest manufactured product: the political scandal., We made a self-indulgent art piece about Shia LaBeouf's self-indulgent art piece, #AllMyMovies., Cannibalistic Barbies turn the tide on some adventure-seeking sailors in Tommy Trash's new music video for “Luv U Giv.”, Introducing Dips: The video-sharing app that lets you create stories with the world!

Simply choose or create a #hashtag and add your video to the conversation. No account or friends list required. Get it here: apple.co/1MZiFan, These jokes give new meaning to the term "laughing fit.", If you think about it, The Undertaker is sort of the Santa Claus of Thanksgiving., We'll just leave these right here., That one friend who's a little too into Shia's #AllMyMovies marathon., Some states require that we also caption our post with a really bad pun, BUTT not all of them., Ja Rule has some words about 50 Cent going bankrupt. We're just not sure exactly what they mean., Hillary Clinton makes it clear she'll happily withdraw from the race rather than fight Bernie Sanders supporter Ronda Rousey., These recently discovered 'Peanuts' panels show Charles Schulz actually had a pretty messed up sense of humor., When Chris Christie signed an anti-bestiality law in New Jersey this week, he revealed a dark secret that tarnishes the state's otherwise immaculate reputation., Surprisingly, the answer to this questions may not always be an immediate and emphatic "HELL NO!", Everybody just needs to slow down, take a step back, and leave a little mystery for the general election., A guy with the world’s worst sense of rhythm, a Jedi-level light-saber duel, and the coolest accidental dog trick ever performed., Ikea: Destroying friendships since 1943., Ed Asner and Doris Roberts wonder just how new a phenomenon “Netflix and Chill” really is., Unlike the game itself, Colbert's very timely take on 'Candy Crush' is anything but a huge waste of time., Artist Joey Spiotto gives pop culture the kids' book treatment, even in cases where it's not totally appropriate., SeaWord's decision to cancel all killer whale shows has one ambitious orca mother fuming., Plus: Batman > Spiderman, and Alanis Morissette enters the social media / #vaping age., Hell, there's probably even an app for that., #GOPDebate feels like the 'Transformers' franchise. 

1st: Fun?
2nd: Seen it.
3rd: Please stop. 
4th: You actually get dumber by watching., It's day 10. If you're not at at least rocking a dirty stache by now, keep reading., Starbucks really went the other way quickly on this whole "war on Christmas" thing., Kill The Noise serves up a stomach-turning tale of conspicuous consumption and a society zombified by a poisonous plutocrat., Get in here and take a real close look at this week's best vines. They're really something to behold., Amy Sedaris braves Billy Eichner's epic Shonda Rhimes–themed obstacle course for a chance to be crowned Mayor of Shondaland!

Watch Billy On The Street Thursdays at 10:30/9:30c on truTV!, Hot women are awesome! They’re fellow humans who happen to be great to look at. Here's how to ask one out on a date, but in a cool way., Big Bird interned at our New York office. It was definitely a … learning experience., How did Nick Offerman bulk up to be in a Broadway play? Three words: SO. MUCH. MEAT., A Reddit Photoshop Battle makes something hilarious out of an unusually dark promo still from 'Explorer: Bill Nye’s Global Meltdown.', When you never got married or had kids, but you still want to let the car behind you know how happy you are. 👍💰📺🍕, This meme is just as confused as we are as to how it got here and what the point of all this is., Just look at all the good that happens when football players aren't playing football!, Hollywood already has a film adaptation in the works for Jeb Bush's plan to go back in time and kill Baby Hitler!, You want crazy, America?! You asked for it., Starbucks has removed the word "Christmas" from its holiday cups, but this isn't the first time a major American company has tried to kill Christmas., Cookies are back and Carl gets in the lamest fight ever televised. Get ready for this week's ridiculous recap of The Walking Dead., Lykoi, so-called "werewolf cats," are taking the internet by storm. But before you go out and buy one, be careful you don't get scammed., You say you'd do anything for your child, but what, specifically, is "anything"?, He's the hero Brooklyn deserves, but not the one it needs right now., Honestly, choosing this week's best pics was a little ruff., As the debate over the Washington Redskins’ name gets more complicated, John Oliver has come up with the perfect solution., Fact: This week's best links are faster than 80% of all snakes., The Marine (Rob Riggle) who killed Osama Bin Laden can't stop bragging about it. #Give2Veterans, Donald Trump could have used a few more friends to help host last night's SNL., Pyramids, West Point, aliens, oh my! What will Ben Carson say next?, You might find a better set of tweets, but not this week., In the first two years of a child’s life, parents will spent about $18,000 to feed, clothe, and otherwise take care of a baby. Here’s where the money goes., A stone statue of Dick Cheney, Chipotle making people sick, plus everything else the news shit out from the week of November 1st., Ben Carson recently released a campaign rap song, and now the Donald is hitting back with some hot fire of his own., LeBron James clears up the confusion around why he tore his jersey in the middle of a game. It was a fashion statement!, Bryan Cranston joins Stephen Colbert on the Big Questions blanket to ponder, you guessed it, big questions., Kim Kardashian claims her two-year-old daughter accidentally posted this bikini pic to Twitter and Instagram. What else has that mischievous toddler posted behind her mommy's back?, Meanwhile, at the White House... #matwh, Chuck Esterly performs comedy live for the first time after taking standup 101 at his senior center. Only thing missing is the mic drop., We went down to Orlando, Florida, for the launch of Captain Morgan Cannon Blast to see a guy get shot out of a cannon twice! Relive the whole thing here., This week Ben Carson reiterated his theory that the Egyptian pyramids weren't tombs but grain-storage facilities. This isn't the first time Carson has had a wildly unconventional theory., What was it like to be a Donald Trump in the 2010’s? Take a look., Two of the world's most famous secret agents, James Bond and Jason Bourne, are coming together for the first time to reveal an explosive secret of their own., These week's best GIFs don't play by anybody's rules., A big concern is that the White House might be painted pink., Justin Trudeau showed women exactly where they belong ... in his cabinet! Boom!, The latest polls have Aziz Ansari's Bobby Jindal impression pulling well ahead of Bobby Jindal., This week TIME magazine published its list of the 30 most influential teens of 2015. Here's the opposite of that list., If only there were an #app to share your goof #app ideas! Oh wait., Every day can be #NationalDoughnutDay if you're ready to give up on yourself., After years of laying waste to expensive custom cars, James Bond is reduced to renting., Former president George H.W. Bush speaks his mind on Cheney, Rumsfeld, Taylor Swift, and pie., Donaldo Trumpez (George Lopez) hosts the popular Mexican Saturday night sketch show "Noche De Såbado En Vivo.", Ben Carson’s new rap ad is great, but could've done without the part where he mentions putting his nuts on Marco Rubio’s tonsils., Carrie Underwood, Kasey Musgrave, Willie Nelson, and more react to the insults of their harshest critics., #BlackLivesMatter is an important movement. #AllLivesMatter is not, because, let's face it, there are some shitty people out there., Former Bond girl Jane Seymour calls out James Bond on his bizarre tendency to target villains with disabilities., Nobody has a stronger relationship than couples that wear Metallica shirts together in public., Just, you know, to add to your collection., The video for Nick Hook's remix, like any good internet offering, is completely composed of cat memes, GIFs, and vids., People who make grammatical errors are the grossest, most despicable people on the planet. See if you're one of them!, Donald Trump's new book is on the way! Check out the reputable blurbs on the back., Your five-day drinking forecast has arrived., Twitter recently replaced its stars and favs with hearts and likes. But what do the other 11 new buttons mean?, Being evil is no excuse for bad manners, or bad man hairs., A guy Anonymous leaked as an Ashley Madison member now has to worry about being outed as a KKK member. Talk about bum luck!, Worth it just to hear David Attenborough pronounce the phrase "Hashtag flip phone.", Take a picture, it'll last last longer. 🐱, The NASA scientist whose findings challenge conventional wisdom on Antarctic sea ice will tell you all about it if someone would just rescue him from this frozen hellscape., Want to watch any hipster instantly lose their cool? Invade their space with a drone., Instagram is a fun place to lie about the quality of your life!, We like seasonal caffeinated drinks as much as anybody, but some of these new menu items feel a little aggressive., Majestic as f*ck., One does not simply walk into a store and buy condoms for the first time. As with all rites of passage, there are some ground rules., Even Donald Trump got in on the fun., Sure he's a little dinker boy, but a little dinker boy who makes socially acceptable, well-constructed pop songs that aren't half bad., For what it's worth, they also went pretty Instagram on us and no one is happy about it., The chance to appreciate a new Adele album doesn't come around often, and when it does, the last thing you want to be is happy., Thanks to advances in extermination technology (Tomcat), mice are living shorter and shorter lives. That's why it's important for every mouse to have a bucket list., Billy Eichner hits the streets of New York to ask the important questions and demand just one decent Calista Flockhart impression. 

Watch Billy On The Street Thursdays at 10:30/9:30c on truTV!, Another year of kids falling, screaming, crying, and forgiving, all because Jimmy Kimmel convinced their parents to lie to them about a sacred thing (candy)., Funny Or Die News visits the Museum of Sex in New York City to take a mature and dignified look at the history of human and animal sexuality., Heeeeeeeere’s this week’s best vines., The NFL is currently investigating Lucy for deflating balls and general bad sportsmanship. 🏈, The 'Last Week Tonight' host groans about being called a "disruptive journalist" and denies the so-called "John Oliver Effect.", A drunk woman at the zoo recently got bit after trying to pet a tiger. Here are some other fun things she could have done., After the chaos of the last GOP presidential debate, campaign advisers met to hash out some more favorable ground rules., Don't worry if you can't get to everything on your to do list! At least you tried., Len Amato, the head of HBO Films, gives notes on Len Amato's performance in Season 4 of Project Greenlight., Ariana Grande gives some radio hosts a little lesson on equality and rightfully shames them for not loving the new unicorn emoji., Even before the Kansas City Royals won the World Series, Jose Canseco was in their corner., Any viewers allergic to high levels of Morgan and/or goat should look away from the TV now or risk certain death., All that time spent primping when they aren’t out granting wishes leaves the fashion-forward genie with very little time to grab a snack … until now., Millennials live a weird, dangerous lifestyle that's ruining humanity. In case you weren't already convinced, here's some more proof., This week’s best pics just need somebody to tell them what’s in the box., People say money can't buy happiness, even if you spend that money on a hoverboard scooter., The widely despised dentist who shot Cecil the Lion tries once again to put his actions into perspective., This week’s best tweets desperately need your help., This week’s best links do not drop the ball., Sometimes deciding whether or not to burn zombies' bodies is an awkward conversation., A young woman discovers her house is haunted by a strange and incredibly needy spirit., Spooky fact: You can make any movie scarier by adding Donald Trump! 👻🎃, Sexy versions of classic costumes are everywhere these days. Here are our picks for this year's Halloween hot list!, "Throughout our marriage, I have been promised six warm kisses and my husband, Jeb Bush, has delivered on all of them.", After years of relentless abuse from his “friends,” Charlie Brown finally snaps in this gritty reboot from John Carpenter, starring the cast of MTV’s Teen Wolf., People show up in costume for their office jobs. Why should an NBA game be any different?, #HappyHalloween! Some costume highlights from our LA and NorCal offices!, Attention to detail is important when you're telling a story, especially the disgusting details., We can definitely get down with these get-ups. Yours? Not so much., Here’s our best guess at Hillary’s next set of cringe-worthy tweets pandering to young voters., Find out what Hollywood stars love to eat on Halloween!, We wrangled up another set of amazing GIFs to make your Friday that much more enjoyable., Eli Roth and Mena Suvari work through some ghastly relationship issues in this heart-wrenching tale of a love that refuses to die., Halloween and Adele? Frankly, other parody songs should be ashamed of themselves., Deuteronomy has never sounded so hot., Send these goof tweets to your friends, and then launch 'em into space cuz the aliens deserve to laugh, too, don't you think!, When horror directors need to feature the ghost of a murdered child, they don't use special effects, they use Enid Krasinski (Chloe Moretz)., Tom Bergeron hosts 'Run For The Cash,' the hottest new game show where Republican presidential candidates try to find the answers that will earn them cold hard cash (or soft money) for their campaigns., You might not be able to get kids to use the honor system, but at least you can scare the shit out of all the ones named Aidan. 👻🎃, To be fair, Trump isn't wrong about Carson's energy levels., ICYMI: Here's the Sparknotes version of what is sure to be considered classic literature of the digital age., Before 'Ghostbusters' was released, the studio had some very specific suggestions that would have drastically changed one of the most beloved films of all time., In case you didn't get your fill of political comedy with last night's Republican debate., No Halloween is complete without a big ol' bite of one of these spooky sammies!, Ben Carson has had a great time running for president, but it's now time to return to his fall-back plan, brain surgery., Eminem, Steven Yeun, CeeLo Green, Calvin Johnson, Jr., BIG SEAN, Kid Rock, John Oliver, and more join the Detroit Pistons to pull off the longest alley-oop Motor City has ever seen., The arms may be fake, but the destruction is very real., No costume? No worries. Here are some quick and easy costumes you can make from stuff lying around the house!, Seasons greetings from the Trumpkin Patch! 🎃, If you're ever feeling hopelessly awkward, watching penguins try to get around is a great self-esteem booster., In case the original wasn't dark enough for you, Christopher Lloyd's murderous Willy Wonka could be enough to put you off chocolate forever., Drew Barrymore plus puppies plus clips from Carrie Brownstein, Marshawn Lynch, and eight-year-old chef Estie Kung., The truth is out there., Sexy Donald Trump is a popular Halloween costume for women this year. Just beware the beer-goggle effect if you find yourself at a party with the real Donald Trump!, Life is a big choose-your-own-adventure book, don't be afraid to crack the cover., An ode to 007's lesser known love interests., From Kim Davis to Robert Durst, our bone-chilling pumpkin-carving patterns will put the real fright in your Halloween night!

Click below to download the stencils!, This week’s best vids are especially Jeff., For this week's zombie unboxing video, UNDEAD_ED_39 pops the top on a Caucasian male and shares his thoughts on the delicious-looking brain inside., Start your day off right with this great TV clip from late last night., Ben Carson has a strange habit of comparing modern issues to slavery. Looks like he does the same thing with restaurants., Thanks, Florida. Your wildly “successful” bear-shooting spree this weekend left us with 295 pissed-off bear ghosts. Now what?, Check to see if your basic bitch idea is all the rave in your hometown., Kids will believe anything., As the Pope considers allowing divorced people to receive communion, one woman grows increasingly desperate for another taste of those sweet sweet wafers., "I have a persevering love for popcorn that tastes slightly better and costs a shit ton more than regular popcorn.", Huggies has been accused of Photoshopping diaper ads to give babies thinner legs and thigh gap. The ad agency responsible shares some of their photo-magic tips and tricks., It's never too late to give up., Jason Sudeikis and Billy Eichner bro out hardcore on the streets of New York.

Watch new episodes of Billy On The Street Thursdays at 10:30/9:30c on truTV., It’s been a wild ride this year for Hillary Clinton. It's nice that those closest to her took time out to send her personalized birthday wishes., The World Health Organization just released a report saying bacon is definitely a cancer-causer. But have they tried it?, This week’s best vines are flippin' out of control., Colbert updates us on the state of the 2016 election, 'Hunger Games' style, which is really the only apt way to address this circus., Bob Odenkirk and David Cross are back with the first sketch from their new Netflix series, 'W/Bob and David.', Us? We never make mistakes. Guess we're just perfect liek taht., And you thought their policies were controversial., Just hear us out on this one., Today is the first day of the rest of your life, so make sure you eat whatever the hell you want because honestly otherwise what's the point of this mortal dance. #MondayMotivation, Crappy British headsets, some even crappier losses, and a whole lotta yelling., A notoriously nasty pro wrestler throws his nemesis for a loop when he debuts a fresh new look … and attitude., Never gets old., In case the title wasn't enough of a clue, MASSIVE SPOILERS AHEAD! Proceed at your own risk., Hillary needs a quiet place to rage out, STAT!, Then again, if you're shopping for superhero costumes by the bag and you're older than 10, brand authenticity is the least of your concerns., This week’s best pics are your gateway into a whole new world of unique and exciting experiences., John Boehner is heading out the door and we wish the former Speaker of the House nothing but the best., These tweets are the very definition of goodest., This week's best links don't claim to be perfect., Every day, former vice president Dick Cheney posts inspirational messages to the nation on Twitter. You can watch all of this week’s messages here., The rumor that diverted attention away from Bill Murray's horrible new movie might do the same for Jeb Bush's campaign., Joe Biden is not running for president, the Mets are in the World Series, and everything else the news shit out the week of October 19th., Our resident sex guru shares his most advanced moves yet., Time to step up your pumpkin-carving game, fellas., Here are some titles that better represent the true spirit of J.K. Rowling's continued efforts to keep the Harry Potter gravy train rolling along., The genius behind 'Steve Jobs,' 'The West Wing,' 'The Social Network,' and 'A Few Good Men' has found his latest muse., May as well have called her new album 'Boner Killer.', Gun violence is creating some exciting new job opportunities ... for the few who live to see them., ICYMI: Sarah Silverman shares some of the weird things her dad and stepmom say when they're stoned., It all makes sense now., It wasn't so much about the words that were used at the Benghazi hearing but the meaning behind them., Yup, she's still got it., This week's best GIFs hate being interrupted at bath time., With all the analysis over the latest 'Star Wars: The Force Awakens' trailer, it's amazing that one of the biggest Easter eggs of all slipped through the cracks., Trevor Noah breaks down all the key players and plot points so that you never have to sit through another Michael Bay movie again., Also some trots, a scoot, and a few scurries for good measure., The Mets are going to the World Series and Mr. Met is getting the party started early, in a big way., Moms: Everybody has, at some point, had at least one. Here are some tweets about that., Pop artist The Weeknd told 'Rolling Stone' that when he first met Taylor Swift she was drunk and pet his hair. That's just weird., The 'Star Wars: The Force Awakens' trailer has everyone talking, but why is no one talking about how many movies it blatantly rips off?!, There needs to be a congressional hearing on Trey Gowdy's barber. #BenghaziCommittee, The low-down on Hillary's latest Senate hearing and the 2006 Happy Madison film that scored a 16% on Rotten Tomatoes., Their hips don't lie., Pretty sure 45 years of binge-eating cookies doesn't produce this., Just a quick reminder of why the internet exists., The struggle is real., 'Project Greenlight' is old news. Follow one young director as he spends $3 million to make a six-second Vine video on this season of 'Project Vinestar.', The future is last night., Sometimes you'll discover the door you were looking for was right there all along! Also sometimes not., Assad and Putin share some giggles after a recent meeting., An FOD guide for #TFW you're out with Mom and Dad getting some sweet, sweet smoothies., These super simple Halloween costumes will ensure you fit right in at any Halloween party., Anheuser-Busch is buying Miller to create a “super brewery" that will own over 400 individual beer labels. To celebrate, they're introducing some insane new hybrid beers., Meanwhile, at the White House... #matwh, Happy #BackToTheFutureDay from the actual Hill Valley clock tower!, This week’s best vids have got a mouth on them you wouldn't believe., Today Joe Biden announced that he wasn't running for president. Ol' Slick Willy had a thing or two to say about that., Keep the dream alive. #BackToTheFutureDay, Too blessed to be stressed about anything except unflattering selfies., It's been a BAD friggen year for this guy and he just doesn't have it in him to get haunted this Halloween., Adele is finally coming out with a new album after five years, and for these ladies, it can't come soon enough., Don't worry, last night's best clip has been kept in its original packaging., Johnny Manziel responds to the recent incident between him and his girlfriend., *Marty McFly shows up tomorrow from 1985*

Marty: Everyone is staring at their phones & Van Halen sucks now.

*Immediately returns to 1985*, If you ace this quiz you are a true connoisseur of pop culture., October 21, 2015 marks the day Doctor Emmet Brown and Marty McFly arrived in the future. Now that the day will have come and gone, it's time to sell off the DeLorean and move on., Oh wait. No, that actually makes her not selfish. We're so confused., Job-listing site Glassdoor released the best jobs for a work-life balance. Never mind that 90% of these jobs sound like complete bullshit., Watch Drake do the merengue, the cha cha, and the "sitcom theme music" dance., The latest trailer for 'Star Wars: The Force Awakens' has arrived. Based on what we've seen, here's what you can expect., Hide your muscles, not your feelings.   6⃣, Anna Kendrick joins Billy Eichner to play the very important game "What Does Katy Perry's Cat Care About?" 

Watch new episodes of Billy On The Street on truTV Thursdays at 10:30/9:30c!, This week's best Vines are meant to be enjoyed by everyone., Waka Flocka Flame announces his candidacy to replace John Boehner and preside over the House of Representatives., Could Jimmy Kimmel become the next great American ballerina? Probably not, but you'll have to watch last night's best clip to know for sure., ICYMI: Eddie Murphy does a great Cosby impression while accepting the Mark Twain Award for humor., Because with the right font and photo, you can make any quote seem real., Want to make a nerd's head explode? Go to any site that posted the new Star Wars trailer and write "Where's Captain Kirk?" in the comments., Following Trump's Twitter war, Jeb Bush talked to his big bro to finally get a straight answer about who was to blame for the attacks on 9/11., 'Steve Jobs' is crushing at the box office, but our biopic starring Justin Long will always be the first., Colts call their “We Wanna Lose” play, Dolphins new coach receives a cocaine-riddled key to Miami, and Levi's discovers turf doesn't distress nearly as well as jeans., Adele's finally got a new album on the way and we've got the exclusive first look at all the sad new tracks., The wrong way to eat a turtle, the worst episode of 'Chopped' ever, and seven more ridiculous things from last night's 'The Walking Dead.', When you wish upon a Slim Jim, don’t be surprised if things get a little weird. with —T.J. Miller, In true Halloween spirit, Papa John gets real creepy with Peyton Manning in this leaked text exchange., Truly a hair-raising spectacle., This week's best pics are just trying to keep it real., It's totally fine if you haven't been paying attention to Canada's election, John Oliver is here to catch us all up., This week's best tweets are ready to supply you with all your needs., Set times for The Blah Blah Blah at @timfsf today!, Ermahgerd, lernks!, This week's episode tackled the big questions, like "What's the deal with emails?" and "How many cigarettes does this beaver smoke in a day?", @MileyCyrus getting ready backstage for #FrancosBarMitzvah!, Goldblum! #FrancosBarMitzvah, Franco! #FrancosBarMitzvah, @SethRogen in the building for #FrancosBarMitzvah!, Bill Hader looking sharp at #FrancosBarMitzvah!, Their music is also responsible for 80% of all babies born in 1973., "On second thought, just keep it.", Set time for our Blah Blah Blah comedy stages at Treasure Island Music Festival. See you there!, Every day, former vice president Dick Cheney posts inspirational messages to the nation on Twitter. You can watch all of this week’s messages here., The first Democratic debate takes place, the Mets reach the NLCS, plus everything else the news sh*t out the week of October 12th., An answer this bad definitely bears repeating., Four more years of playground school and they'll be ready for the pros!, PSA: Jon Hamm can rock any type of hat and look fly as hell., When you want to take part in the sexy Halloween costume craze but can't quite pull it off., Many baseball fans were upset by how Jose Bautista celebrated his series-clinching home run. But for this guy, it's personal., We're live streaming James Franco's Bar Mitzvah tomorrow for Hilarity for Charity! Get go90 in the app store to join the party!, These Vines are straight fire., A stuntman takes a two-story tumble off a balcony for our recent Assassin's Creed Syndicate video. We take comedy very seriously!

Check out the full video here: bit.ly/1QBhPOC, When you see a living man with long hair, you don't assume he's a woman. Why should it be any different for skeletons?, This week's best GIFs refuse to admit defeat., Cinemax has optioned the rights to a "werewolf noir" novella written by famed 'Game of Thrones' creator George R. R. Martin. Details are sparse, but here's everything we know so far., Presidential candidates say the darndest things., Last night, Tom Hanks swung by 'The Tonight Show' only to find out his bridge was already too full of spies., Nicole Richie stopped by to sign our wall! Note the right heel lift — that's an expert-level move., Donald Trump phones Ben Carson, Conan appears on Armenian TV, and Juliette Lewis talks about that viral pic of her with her hands down her pants., Yale scientists are suggesting a star could be dimming because aliens built a megastructure of solar panels around it. We're not buying it., The phrase "buyer beware" has never been more relevant., Nothing you are doing is as important as this., One NYC restaurant group is getting rid of tipping in their restaurants. But there's a long list of other anxiety-inducing dining customs that ought to be either booted or better explained., Oscar Pistorius has a lot of catching up to do on his DVR now that he's leaving prison for house arrest., Koko the gorilla is in the news this week for celebrating her 44th birthday with some kittens. Apparently she felt this entitled her to weigh in on politics., Stafford Brothers and Chris Lilley take you inside the exotic dream world of a dental hygienist in the insane music video for "When You Feel This." Feat. Rick Ross and Jay Sean., Sneak a peek inside these trendy bug-out bags to find out what yours should have in it when the government turns on us!, All the top tweets about the top tastes of autumn, and tweets about tweets about the top tastes of autumn., When a date doesn't end as hoped, the frustrated couple fields some tough post-date questions from their harshest critics: their internal thoughts., Jack Black swung by 'The Late Show' last night just so you could watch a great clip this morning., Oops wrong sport! We meant to say they're real "home runs.", The creators of this 1989 sci-fi comedy classic made some wild predictions about the world in 2015. Let’s see how they did., Hillary Clinton took an extra-long pee during a commercial break at the first Democratic debate. Our nation's Republican leadership launches an investigation to find out why., It's #NationalDessertDay! Go eat ice cream! Also eat ice cream tomorrow. Ice cream is the fucking best, eat ice cream every god damn day. 🍦, Major studio fat cat Marty Pintero explains to Jennifer Lawrence why she's getting paid less than men., Relationships are about trust and hard work and slowly annoying another person until they’re ready to murder you., This week’s best internet things DGAF., The Democratic candidates engaged in their first debate in Las Vegas. Here are the highlights., Some women are going bra-less to support the fight against breast cancer. That's great. Here are some more ways to show your support., We crashed the first Democratic presidential debates at the Wynn Casino in Las Vegas to see if we could convince candidates and journalists to make some bets., Just in case there was any confusion, Mike Huckabee explains the tweet in which he joked that Koreans eat dogs., This woman's Facebook posts of her ongoing pregnancy take an unexpected and terrifying turn., Start your morning off right by watching Jeff Daniels become increasingly annoyed with Jeff Daniels., If you're reading this then please ask for extra honey mustard & bbq sauce., Why bother casting Michael Fassbender in anything if you're not going to highlight his greatest asset?, Playboy without nudity is like Twitter without jokes. Fortunately, only one of those two nightmare scenarios is about to come true., Supermodel Chrissy Teigen and singer John Legend are expecting their first child. We have an exclusive first look at their incredible fetus!, When running your lucrative business, it is imperative to maintain certain societal standards. The same rules apply when running the world., We're all on this Earth together, just tryna push out the next hot pun about the newest hot story., It’s not every day you get your clean-apartment wishes and your sex wishes granted at the same time. Bonus! — with T.J. Miller, Playboy's announcement that it will no longer feature nude women in its pages has one old-school barber worried about his bottom line., Catch up on all the highlights and drama from last week's action on and off the field., Drake and Future act like they're the only ones with a really big team and some really big rings. But Captain Planet might have something to say about that., Kick off your morning with the very best TV moment last night had to offer., These GIFs aren’t even trying to be funny. What kind of website is this?!, Meanwhile, at the White House... #matwh, Randy Quaid and his wife were arrested on an outstanding warrant trying to enter into the U.S. from Canada. Here's what authorities found hidden in the actor's impressive facial hair., No Americans want to be Speaker of the House? Let's do what we always do: Hire a day laborer!, Leif Erikson beat Columbus to North America by 500 years and gets none of the glory. But he’s not bitter or anything., Gronk already has his costume picked out but he's curious what his buddy Jules is gonna be., A LARPer’s cries for brotherhood are no match for the seductive charms of the latest ‘Assassin’s Creed Syndicate’ video game., Do you like zombies? Do you also like black-and-white television? Then last night's 'The Walking Dead' is right up your alley!, In honor of Columbus Day, God pulls Christopher Columbus out from the depths of Hell for an interview., It’s hard to call Columbus great, but you can’t deny the dude was bold as hell. Here are a few ways to embrace your inner conqueror and properly seize the day!, Chris Pratt is the one of our biggest stars, but do New Yorkers even care? Watch Chris and Billy Eichner find out in a very special Billy On The Street Lightning Round!, This week's best pics are here to help you put things in perspective., Time, once again, to take our seats in the 'Last Week Tonight' classroom., This week’s best tweets are a real blast from the past., The extended version of Bob Dylan's new IBM commercial reveals the legendary musician's motivations for taking the gig., This week's best links are hitting only the high notes., Love 'em or hate 'em, guns are the one thing we all have in common., Jeb Bush finally becomes his own man: a shitty candidate., Loving the new Facebook reaction buttons!, Every day, former vice president Dick Cheney posts inspirational messages to the nation on Twitter. You can watch all of this week’s messages here., Hurricane Joaquin causes flooding, Kevin McCarthy withdraws from the Speaker of the House race, plus everything else the news shit out the week of October 5th., Add "doing anything in front of a green screen" to the list of activities presidential candidates will have to avoid now., No new friends. No old friends. Hate this Applebee's, staying home next Friday and playing Xbox., Ben Carson believes if Jews all had guns they could have defended themselves against the Nazis. And this is a guy who operates on brains., Want a great group Halloween costume? Look no further! This one is topical AND politically correct., Good thing they found that escaped king cobra in Orlando, because the lost pet flyers were getting out of control., Brie Larson and Jimmy Fallon try to whisper, plus inappropriate musicals and a steamy story from the Fed., Time to put on your thinking caps, sports fans. This one's trickier than you think., Just going to use this opportunity to say 'Streets Of Rage 2' is the greatest game of all time., The Republicans are in disarray after Kevin McCarthy dropped out of the race for Speaker of the House, and his attempts to explain it aren't helping one bit., This week's best GIFs have a few tricks up their sleeve they can't wait to show you., The Republican presidential candidates are so hyped up to defund Planned Parenthood, they can't even tell you., Last night had many great late night moments, but, trust us, this one was the best., We're ready to throw money at these pics! Once we get some cash withdrawn — that's actually why we're waiting in line., #NationalPoetryDay is a great opportunity to get something difficult off your chest., A 20-something guy discovers he's at that age where "egg-producing meat tube," while technically PC, just sounds weird., Mackenzie Bart, winner of America's Next Weatherman, will be a special guest meteorologist tomorrow morning on CNN's New Day. Don't miss it!, Outtakes from Stevie Wonder's drive with James Corden, plus Keanu Reeves stars in 'A Reasonable Speed,' and Stephen Colbert riffs on Jeb's "stuff" flub., Tina Fey joins Billy Eichner for the return of Billy On The Street TONIGHT at 10:30 on truTV! You don't want to miss this!, Twitter made a few poignant observations about the man, the myth, the more-than-one-movie., Things get a little weird at the Kansas City Oddball Comedy & Curiosity Festival stop when we invite fans inside our ’70s-style carpeted van.

Get your tickets here: livemu.sc/OddballTckts, Both Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump have recently pranked their opponents. If this triggers an all-out prank war among the 2016 presidential candidates, here's how it's likely to go down., Lineup for this year's Oktoberfest looks amazing! 🍺, What's cooler than shirts and bags that express your love of free labor? Actually providing free labor to your employer!, A fraternity president warns his fellow Greeks on the dangers of the PC Police overreacting to their racist Halloween costumes., Presidential candidate, neurosurgeon, and self-taught self-defense expert Ben Carson introduces his advanced techniques for neutralizing any mass-shooting situation., Start your morning off right with this late night clip that inspires you to "Think Same.", The man who shot Cecil the Lion is glad he did it before the majestic beast had to witness the shameful behavior of Luke Gatti, the "Mac And Cheese Kid" expelled from UConn., Watch Hannibal Buress try his hand at goat farming, basketball coaching, and short-order line cooking in his unaired pilot., Vin Diesel just got his own Ben And Jerrys flavor! 🍦🚬, Ellen Page tries standup, Billy Eichner and Colbert can't remember their school song, and a 'Drunk History' about the King of the Chess People., Leaked text messages between Peyton Manning and Papa John prove that their newfound friendship may be a little one-sided., The Chicago Cubs are finally back in the postseason! What wouldn't Nick Offerman do for a World Series championship?, This week's best internet things include a scarier-than-normal Donald Trump, a very sleepy hamster, and a very short film directed by Jennifer Lawrence., And a large group of nightmares is called middle school. 🐍, When asked about the Oregon shooter, Ben Carson stated, "I would not just stand there and let him shoot me ... I would say, 'Hey guys! Everybody attack him! He may shoot me but he can't get us all!' " That was just the beginning., Jeb Bush hits up his older brother George for some expert advice on how to say stupid things on the campaign trail and still remain popular., On behalf of the entire 'Walking Dead' viewership, just do the right thing already, AMC., Ben Carson tells God what he would really like to do to the American people if elected president, and God is a bit surprised., Last night had many great late night moments, but only this clip of Clinton and Colbert is the best way to start your day., Dear Abby wants to help a man complaining of a cat taking swipes at his dick, but she's going to need more info first., When you find out McDonald's is serving breakfast all day., Some people think "Black Lives Matter" is offensive and exclusionary, kind of like the people who thought Women's Suffrage should have involved men more., American Apparel is bankrupt and former CEO Dov Charney is out $8.2 million. But don't worry, with his unique skills, he'll be just fine., Julianne Moore and John Stamos star in Taylor Swift's 'The Bold And The Lyrical,' 'The Daily Show' asks what if pro-lifers were also pro–gun control, and more., This time it's really, really personal., KOPECKY's latest music video with Michael Ian Black will brainwash you with awesomeness., Nature is fragile and precious until it's the worst thing you've ever seen., Hollywood already made a movie about last night's Seahawks-Lions game., Beyoncé, Rihanna, and Kim Kardashian made #thighbrow the hot new Instagram trend. Let's see if we can get #bellysmiles to take., Billy Eichner hits the streets to play the first "For a Dollar" of Billy On The Street Season 4! 

Watch the premiere this Thursday at 10:30/9:30c on truTV!, If you look closely, The Weeknd's hair is actually a small dog living on his head., Here are some guesses at future headlines as outrageous as this one., Start your morning off right with the very best clip from late last night., The best part? IT NEVER ENDS! 🔁, Losing the battle but winning the war, right? Ugh, we don't know, we're too tired., Please disregard article content and put test comment in comment section. Thank you for your compliance., "At least in a clusterf*ck there's the potential for a satisfying ending. This is more of a frustrating cluster–dry hump.", Jeb Bush recently responded to the never-ending gun violence in this country by stating, “Stuff happens.” It’s earned him the cover of 'Stuff' magazine., Dolphins fire their head coach, Jay Cutler gets compared to Jesus, and Matt Hasselbeck reminds us of his extreme baldness. Here are all the latest highlights from pro football., Salazar is great at two things: commanding a zombie army and leaving gates open., In a recent Reddit Photoshop battle, the internet was asked to adjust an image of Michelle Obama adjusting the President’s bowtie. Needless to say they did., If a yard full of elderly Polish women and goats isn't your idea of a perfect summer bbq, well then you don’t know what you’re missing, mister. — with T.J. Miller, The IOC is considering adding surfing, skateboarding, karate, and sport climbing as events in the 2020 Olympics. Here are a few more totally rad extreme sports they should add., This week's best pics are really just a reflection of themselves., Ben Carson's brain surgery patients-slash-supporters explain why he's the clear choice in 2016., When purchasing consumer products, it is imperative to maintain certain societal standards. The same rules apply when procuring that good shit., Of all the good jokes people tweeted out this week, these were the very goodest., This week's best links are a perfectly pleasant distraction from the horrors of everyday existence., Hillary Clinton proves a worthy bartender, Taylor Swift's squad-dominated dystopia, and just so many orgasms., When did all these formerly fit Hollywood superstars get so SUPERSIZED?!, Every day, former vice president Dick Cheney posts inspirational messages to the nation on Twitter. You can watch all of this week’s messages here., President Obama avoids another government shutdown, Russian hackers attempt to get into Hillary Clinton's emails, and everything else the news sh*t out the week of Sept. 28th., So many titles, so little time., Every discipline needs a Jordan., null, Sometimes a simple game of catch can be a real nightmare., A prank call with Jessica Alba, an emotional interview with Miley Cyrus, kids take on the 2016 presidential race, and more., The lawn dwellers at the Oddball Comedy & Curiosity Festival in Detroit know what it takes to make the most of the cheap seats.

Get your tickets here: livemu.sc/OddballTckts, There are 50 tips for flying here. Ten of them are real, achievable tips. The other 40 are fake and dumb. Can you tell which is which?, There's now a Yelp for people. It's called Peeple. Promising but also cause for concern. Let's weight the benefits., We’re streaming Austin City Limits Festival all weekend with Red Bull TV! Tune in here: bit.ly/1VsTlxv, We teamed up with New Girl’s Lamorne Morris to prevent NBA Media Day from becoming the usual NBA Mediocre Day by inviting Detroit Pistons players to play their own rim-wrecking interview game show, 'The Backboard.', Some GIFs just want to watch the world burn., Eric and Donald Trump Jr. step up to defend their dad against all the unsuccessful losers saying mean stuff about him., Breathe in. Breathe out. Now think about every embarrassing thing you've ever done at the same time., Hurricane sex is the best kind of sex because you can't watch TV during it. Here are 7 tips to make sure you get that sweet love this hurricane season., An image of police report involving a drunk sailor and a raccoon is circulating the internet this week and despite it's being false, we still want to believe., Good news, 'Serial' fans! You don't have to wait for the upcoming TV series about Sarah Koenig's hit podcast for a glimpse behind the scenes. We got you covered., Whole Foods has announced that it will no longer sell items made by prison inmates. So say goodbye to these convict-crafted delights., Rep. Jason Chaffetz showed Planned Parenthood's CEO a completely illogical graph to try to trip her up. Well, we also did no research and made some more graphs!, Pope-Meet is an exciting new app that sets everyday people named Kim Davis up with a one-on-one meeting with Pope Francis, whether they deserve it or not!, A roundup of last night's best clips from 'The Daily Show,' 'Colbert,' and 'Kimmel.', Don't be like Dave. 😀💘😀💘, After being barred entry to Australia, Chris Brown said if allowed in he’ll help raise awareness for domestic violence. Here’s how he plans to do it., The NSA wasted no time getting in touch with Edward Snowden on Twitter., Jerrod Carmichael introduces the first phone specifically designed to record police brutality, call the police on the police, and Skype with Anderson Cooper about the oppressive, systemic racism. Now with a free carrying case!, Kick your morning off right with this great clip from late last night., Uncle Phil breaks the news about 'Tony Hawk's Pro Skater 5' to Will Smith., If sharing a fake legal disclaimer on your wall won't keep thieves at bay, what will? Here's everything you need to know., Danny McBride's penis falls in love with Susan Sarandon's vagina in the most explicit take on puppet love since 'Team America: World Police.' (NSFW), All the best late night clips you didn't have time to watch last night or seek out today. You're welcome., We hope you haven't lost faith in animals. Just saying if you have, these will fix that, probably., Chewbacca toilet paper, Judge Judy's stupidest defendant, and a Shia LaBeouf meme that just won't quit — here's everything good on the internet this week., We track down the coolest dads at the Chicago stop of the Oddball Comedy & Curiosity Festival and ask them to share their hard-earned wisdom.

Get your tickets here: livemu.sc/OddballTckts, Pope Francis explains why it wasn't totally lame of him to meet with notorious love denier Kim Davis., It's not uncommon for a lion to give another lion a ride to the lion airport., Justin Bieber said going to church doesn't make you a Christian any more than going to Taco Bell makes you a taco. Taco Bell begs to differ., Stay classy, Georgia., After a 45-minute phone call with Ben Carson, Kanye West made an outlandish demand of the Republican presidential candidate via text., Alice Cooper and Joe Perry have started a new supergroup, The Hollywood Vampires. managed by the legendary Shep Gordon. But their new label rep is not impressed., There were many great late night moments last night, but there's no doubt this one is the best way to start your day., When these GIFs say they've got your back, watch out., Enough with this coded bullshit., We just found out there's water on Mars and Tilda Swinton is already endorsing her own brand of it., Here are the people who made no progress on critical issues, pushed no boundaries of their fields, and definitely did not improve our world in imaginative, unexpected ways., All of yesterday's best TV moments conveniently delivered to your internet-enabled device. The future is now!, For the last time, "Ziggy Stardust" was just a metaphor!, The Facebook copyright hoax status is going around again, which means we get to see how many of our Facebook friends are insane enough to think their stuff is worth stealing., Grab a cup o' joe, jump up on a couch, and enjoy these GIFs of one of America's top coffee freaks., Tina Fey joins Billy Eichner in the Season 4 premiere of Billy On The Street to see if she can name 20 Latino actors in 60 seconds!

Watch the season premiere on truTV October 8th at 10:30/9:30c., Bet you feel pretty old right about now., Jessica Biel, Joy Bryant, and Whitney Cummings break the taboos surrounding sex and women's health and talk about what you're doing wrong with birth control., He has some pretty big metaphorical shoes to fill, but Trevor Noah stood tall in them last night., ICYMI: Here are some highlights from the Beyoncé Festival — oh sorry, the "Global Citizen Festival.", Internet champion Grant Davis used the Peanutize Me website to create cool mashups of all his favorite TV shows., Sometimes it takes a comedian to do a journalist's job., Many people have been asking, "What has become of all the contestants?" We hired a team of investigators to find out. #4KASTNews, Stop dodging the issue, NASA!, The worst play in NFL history, a hysterical Ray Lewis holds the Ravens hostage, and all the other fun stuff that happened this week in pro football., A guy's latest attempt to be the "cool uncle" to his 12-year-old niece who hates his guts gets the predictable response., Wish someone else could put together that annoying bookshelf so you could drink a beer instead? That’s a bad wish. Don’t wish for that., Don't trust anyone who's still wearing a suit 10 days into the zombie apocalypse., Jokes this good aren't expected to happen again for another 18 years., See what happens when people who have never heard of the popular Italian pasta dish "spaghetti" sit down to eat it for the very first time., Buckle up, this week's best pics are about to take you on the ride of your life., These GIFs can't help but reveal their cheeky side., It's known as a total lunar eclipse, but for the hell of it let's just decide this blood moon is a sign of the end times., Tweets don't come much gooder than this., A short comedy about a man, his foot, and finding happiness. With Alia Shawkat (Arrested Development ), Michaela Watkins (Saturday Night Live), and Avi Rothman., Give in to the giggles with this week's best links., J.K. Rowling can't stop posting new Harry Potter info on Twitter., Trick knee acting up again? Must be that big season finale of America's Next Weatherman rolling in tonight.

Check it out at 11 p.m. on TBS Network!, Every day, former vice president Dick Cheney posts inspirational messages to the nation on Twitter. You can watch all of this week’s messages here., Viola Davis wins an Emmy, Scott Walker sends his presidential campaign to live on a farm upstate, plus everything else the news sh*t out the week of September 21st., This meerkat nodding off in a pile of stuffed animals is exactly what you need on a Friday night., TGIF, you guys!, Whoa, do those crazy social-justice warriors on the internet even KNOW about these German guys?, Had a bad day at work? Watch this!, Brace yourselves for the upcoming trends of organic beeswax dome shiner and decorative head tattoos., Funny Or Die News Flash: 360 Pounds Of Cocaine Found Hidden In Pumpkins, Donald Trump ended his relationship with Fox News this week because he felt mistreated. We look back on the special times they shared before things turned sour., Kristen Schaal eats crickets, Anne Hathaway goes rom-com, and Fallon does a ragtime cover of Rihanna's "Bitch Better Have My Money.", This is not the reaction you want from your coworkers when you announce your retirement., Nancy Meyers movies like 'The Intern,' 'It's Complicated,' and 'Something's Gotta Give' always seem to be missing something, and this black guy (Jason Mitchell, 'Straight Outta Compton') is going to find out what., Open wide. This week's best GIFs are about to feed you all the funny you can handle., Now that Volkswagen has been revealed as a dirty cheater, basic girls are finally ready to kick their beloved Jettas to the curb., Trump Dog would like to formally announce he's running for dog president in 2016., After injuries to the their top receiver and starting QB, the Cowboys are in need of some offensive help. Terrell Owens offers his services., 'The Tonight Show' brings Kenan and Kel back together at last., ABC is picking up Shonda Rhimes' fifth concurrent television show, and she has hundreds more in the works., Will Forte on 'Late Night,' Donald Trump on 'South Park,' Ahmed Mohamed on 'The Nightly Show', and 0–4 other clips., We gave Oddball Comedy & Curiosity Festival fans in Chicago a chance to show off their best material. This is not what we expected.

Get your tickets here: oddballfest.com, Temporarily altering snacks for the betterment of humanity really brings out the worst in people., Each week we’re just going to do the best we can to keep up with Queen Cookie. #Empire, Lena Dunham meets up with Amy Schumer at Hillary Clinton's Brooklyn headquarters before speaking with the presidential candidate about Lenny Kravitz's junk., A collection of Louis C.K's — and by extension most of our — thoughts on the love-hate relationship we have with cell phones., Get ready, San Francisco! We’re bringing some top-notch comedians to the Treasure Island Music Festival! 

Join us Oct. 17th and 18th for a weekend of great music and laughs: treasureislandfestival.com, Autumn's two best people are ready to ring in the season in style. Join them, won't you?, We're gonna need a bigger fahkin' boat! The Boston Sea Monster/Jaws mashup the internet has been waiting for., Native New Yorker Frankie D offers the Pope some helpful tips on how to avoid the ultimate papal indignity during his visit to NYC., Lammily, the normal Barbie, comes with a period party pack, but it's missing a few things., You'd think it would be the turtle emoji. You'd be wrong as shit. 💃, Ryan Adams covered Taylor Swift's entire '1989' album, but why hasn't it earned him a spot on her squad?, Sean Penn is very offended that 'Empire' director Lee Daniels compared him to Terrence Howard. Which is weird because he allegedly beat up Madonna., In a recent interview, the Dalai Lama revealed that he thinks the next Dalai Lama could be a woman, but only if she's attractive. His choice? Kim Kardashian., Happy #FirstDayOfFall! Time to put pumpkin in literally everything and rush into a relationship based purely on an HBO GO password. 🍂, This week's best internet gems include 'The Simpsons' opener on acid, David Cameron getting piggy with it, the Pope getting pwn'd by the wind, and so much more., One lone idiot clapped when Scott Walker announced he was dropping out of the race. Here's his side of the story., Fidel Castro comes out of hiding to make some surprising endorsements of the U.S. retailers he'd like to see operating in Cuba., Stephen Colbert couldn't quite keep it together interviewing Donald Trump last night., Sign up for Draft Duel today and watch your football fantasies lead to real-life ruin!, That's a penis!, Got a little too excited about seeing these old friends in the fridge., Pope Francis arrived in Washington, D.C. today for his first-ever visit to the United States. Here's what he thinks about it so far., Careful or their cuteness may otter-whelm you. There, are you happy now?, Reports indicate Apple is committed to building a car. Here are the features we know about so far., Just a simple misunderstanding is all., Happy 20th birthday, 'Se7en'! 🎈📦, Welcome to our new feature tentatively titled “3–7 TV Clips,” where we give you exactly what it sounds like. Today there are five clips. Enjoy!, This week, Ryan Adams released a full cover of Taylor Swift's '1989' album and, naturally, as soon as Twitter heard it they let you hear about it., We go court-side to the #TommyXNadal strip-tennis match to answer the age-old question: Just how good do models and athletes look playing tennis in their underwear?, Azealia Banks and Samuel L. Jackson star in 'Banks on a Plane.', We say goodbye and pay respects to the campaign of former presidential candidate Scott Walker., Will Ferrell relives the exploits of acclaimed British author, fighter pilot, and spy Roald Dahl as told through a drunken haze., Jay Leno, connoisseur of cars and denim alike, has devoted all his time since leaving late-night comedy to creating his masterpiece: the world's first all-denim car., A rat carrying pizza in New York is on its way to being as popular as Taylor Swift. You just know Ryan Adams wants in on this., Great day at the office with Kevin Bacon! Video coming soon., Rumors are flying that British Prime Minister David Cameron may have placed his genitals inside the mouth of a pig. So Funny Or Die News hit the streets to ask the obvious question: How much money would it take for you to f*ck a pig? (NSFW), Congratulations, #PizzaRat! You're the Internet Achiever Of The Day! Truly an inspiration to us all. Don't ever change.🍕🐀, Just two militant atheists having a friendly chat about a Muslim teenager's political motives., This past week was an exciting one for football fans. Here's a look at its greatest hits., Tale as old as time., If there's one thing we can all agree on it's that the military seems chill and we should definitely all trust them., Because spending a year in an underground bunker doing nothing but watching TV is the only chance any of us has of catching up., Finally, a presidential candidate with the courage to tell it like it really is.

Help Gil crash the 2016 race: http://bit.ly/1QU8fH4, As expected, the 67th Annual Primetime Emmy Awards did not go unnoticed by Twitter., Celebrate the season the right way with this week's best pics., They been spending most their lives living in a drunken paradise, Everything's a bomb, if you're paranoid enough., Gather ’round, children, these links are guaranteed to satisfy all your comedy cravings., Every day, former vice president Dick Cheney posts inspirational messages to the nation on Twitter. You can watch all of this week’s messages here., Turns out dating strategies are more species-specific than we thought., An 8.3 magnitude earthquake hits Chile, a Muslim teen is arrested for making a clock, plus everything else the news sh*t out the week of September 14th., They're finally building a high speed rail between L.A. and Las Vegas! Here's an artist rendering of what it will look like., Covetton House combines "classic Southern living, the breezy charm of the English countryside, and whatever they had leftover at the prop warehouse.", "All footage stolen entirely from other people who stole entirely from the internet's most prized and cherished director, Mr. Wes Anderson, and his beloved filmography.", The actors are shorter, but the words all come from the candidates themselves., A new movie is out starring Johnny Depp as notorious mobster Whitey Bulger. And if you like that factoid, here are nine more., A pet is a lot of responsibility. So is writing one of the greatest songs of all time., What part of this did we not think was going to happen?, He has VERY specific tastes., That IS a tasty collection of burger GIFs! Happy #NationalCheeseburgerDay!, The Facebook "Dislike" button can't come soon enough for some people. For others, it's already too late., Again, if we understand what the word "irony" means, which, who knows., He had one job. But he just couldn't get past the raddest decade in history., Watch out, this week's GIFs are feeling extra feisty., If you love your animals, set them free. If they knock over your children, love them even more., ICYMI: Carol Burnett helps Colbert start his show and gets a poem read to her by Jimmy Stewart (Kevin Spacey)., Or maybe you are. Honestly we don’t really know anything about you., Clearly this is a man who has no consideration for taste, so go ahead and frame that courtroom sketch., Your results may vary., Behind the scenes with the hotshot entrepreneur who coined the phrase that's taking the world by storm: “ShottaSoCo.", We crashed the Republican debate at the Ronald Reagan Presidential Library to ask the questions no one else would. We probably won't be invited back., Truly a watershed moment in the annals of television history., Coming soon to Netflix, the story of a Miami native trying to make it in America. ¿Plata o plomo o pequeña botella de agua?, Billy On The Street with Billy Eichner s back! With special guests, Chris Pratt, Anna Kendrick, Tina Fey, Jason Sudeikis, Sarah Jessica Parker, Bill Hader, and Julianne Moore. Watch the premiere October 8th on truTV!, With our CEO departing, one of our writers makes a savvy play for his vacant office., Pope-chella is right around the corner! Here are some tips to get the most blessings and prayers out of the Pope's U.S. visit., God talks to Satan about this season of NFL football., Meanwhile, at the White House... #matwh, Matt Damon interrupted an African-American woman to mansplain diversity. Looks like he had a totally valid excuse., They're mean, they're dangerous, and they'll beat the shit out of your morale., A Muslim ninth-grader in Texas was arrested when the clock he built for an engineering class was mistaken for a bomb. Here's the transcript of how it all went down., Serious question. #GOPDebate, Instagram doesn't want nipples on the app. Not even Naomi Campbell's nipples. We know because she tried., Do the rainbow mouth one next! 🌈, Some A-level trolling, '50 Nerds of Grey,' a baby who loves pranks, and more — here's everything good that happened on the internet this week., Please, Susan. Let's just try to get through one meal with your brother without mentioning climate change, Obama, or the 'Star Wars' prequels., According to J.K. Rowling, we've all been saying "Voldemort" wrong — the "T" is actually silent! So we asked some folks how they pronounce the name of Harry Potter's greatest nemesis., We're not saying Jimmy Fallon definitely rigged this game to play to Ariana Grande's strengths, but we have our suspicions., A few bites of the Trump sandwich are all you need to get your fill. Unfortunately, that's not how it works. Hope you're hungry., Well, folks, Draft Kings did it! It finally made everything in my life just ... make sense, ya know?, You know what they always say: leaves down, surf's up!, For some reason, both Emily Blunt and Stephen Colbert love pretending to almost throw up., Arnold Schwarzenegger calls Donald Trump for some advice about taking over as host of 'Celebrity Apprentice.', This list of passwords is the easily saddest thing since the last sad thing that came out about Ashley Madison., Happy 20th birthday, 'Hackers'! 🎂💾, The crab spotted smoking a cigarette on a Philadelphia street on Sunday night responds to the internet uproar over his bad habit., Stay safe out there! ☔️, “Why don’t you jingle all the way to the unemployment line?”, Tim Cook totally wanted to cover this at the keynote but ran out of time., Funny Or Die News: Jeb Bush Has Been Traveling On Commercial Flights, Amber Rose rewrites the rules of the morning-after walk and shows what it looks like when a woman takes pride in her stride., These GIFs would throw shade if they weren't so scared of it., Stare at this photo long enough and you might just notice a few similarities among the hosts of late night. If that doesn't work Twitter is more than happy to point them out for you., Fact: This is how all celebrities communicate with each other when no one's watching., The internet will be the internet., Congratulations to everyone who made it happen! 🌳🏆🌳, Can't wait for the new Mary Poppins? You don't have to! We already made it with Kristen Bell., The world is coming to an end and people are eating each other. Perfectly reasonable time to play Monopoly., The genius inventor of the revolutionary phrase “ShottaSoCo" shares his message with the world., You read “soldiers” and thought "men" didn’t you? Bet., The Catalina Wine Mixer from 'Step Brothers' is finally a real thing! Here's a visual recap of yesterday's inaugural event., John Oliver's updated Miranda Rights for the poor make no sense at all, which is what makes them so frighteningly accurate., These dogs are like, "Are we there yet?" but also like, "Woof woof" (because they're dogs)., Make laughter your first priority — start your day with this week's best pics., Get psyched for #SundayNightFootball with an all-new theme song that tells it like it really is., These links really know how to make an entrance., Football is back, baby! But let's just get a few thorny issues out of the way first, shall we?, Will Ferrell is feeling a little bitchy after being cut by four major-league teams in a single day.

'Ferrell Takes The Field' premieres tonight at 10 p.m. on HBO., Every day, former vice president Dick Cheney posts inspirational messages to the nation on Twitter. You can watch all of this week’s messages here., Kim Davis was released from prison, Donald Trump said something stupid, plus everything else the news sh*t out the week of September 7th., Serena Williams lost her semifinals match at the US Open today to Roberta Vinci. We aren't saying it's some Italian curse Vinci put on her, but probably., Nail art is kind of stupid, but if you're going to do it then do it right. Get a middle finger on a middle finger on your middle finger so you can flip people off three times at the same time and still keep one hand on the steering wheel., Pack a bag, ’cause you're about to go on a feels trip., null, They were the source of all his powers., Good thing these small-brained losers died out hundreds of thousands of years ago — for their sake., These GIFs lack the poise of, um, GIFs that have poise., FANBOY WARNING: GRAPHIC CONTENT!

Funny Or Die News tech expert Matt Klinman performs an extremely thorough teardown of the Apple Watch., Are you ready for some football betting?, This week's best GIFs are just trying to enjoy the last few days of summer., In light of recent events, the Sunday Night Football theme song gets an update for the 2015/2016 season., There's no time like the present to procrastinate forever., For all its problems, alcohol sure does make for some great storytelling., At the end of the day, if you like watching leaves change color in the fall, you’re a horrible person who’s going to hell., Scarlett Johansson and Stephen Colbert lounge under the starry sky while asking each other questions about life, death, and Oprah., As payback for Donald Trump using an R.E.M. song without permission, Michael Stipe unleashes the ultimate zinger on him., Roger Goodell explains why he will not be attending the Pats/Steelers game tonight., A little refresher course before kickoff tonight. 🏉, Introducing the all-new Funny Or Die app. The best comedy app in the world! And we're not just saying that. 

Download it here: http://apple.co/1FA4QXb, ICYMI: Here's the "sensational music act" that brought the house down at yesterday's Apple conference. Wow., Trump to immigrants: "If you're not a statuesque Eastern European woman who happens to be my current, former, or future wife, GTFO!", Will Ferrell tries on jock straps in the Oakland Athletics' locker room during his quest to play 10 positions for 10 major league teams., Gronk is a little confused what today is., Watching tiny creatures struggle for sustenance has never seemed so adorable., A new Tumblr exposes the dark underbelly of Lisa Frank cartoons, or something., Seems only fair they add a "double nope" swipe option as well., Will Ferrell knows how to give an emotional speech., Apple revolutionized the technology industry again today with a dazzling array of new products. Twitter didn't care., Don't believe everything you see on TV., The band Survivor has spoken out against Kim Davis using their song to promote her bigotry and release from jail, but weirdly enough, the lyrics kind of fit., null, Peaches and Margaret Cho let it all hang out in this very NSFW music video., From scented iPhone 6's to the iWeddingGarter to the super-chic Apple Wizard iCape, here's a complete guide to all the exciting new products Apple revealed at today's event., The Clinton campaign knows what the kids these days want from a president: MOAR MEMES!!, Whether you're a modern-day Tarzan who wrangles pumas for fun or just a guy on the hunt for the perfect recliner sofa, you deserve a scent that's all your own. Find your Old Spice scent with this handy flowchart., Tiger Woods meets Shooter McGavin, a NSFW marching-band formation, and Chewbacca gets the EDM treatment — here's everything good that happened on the internet this week., Bernie Man, Colbert makes his 'Late Show' debut with help from George Clooney, Jeb Bush, and a big pack of Oreos., Donaldo Trumpez (George Lopez) outlines his executive policies promising to “Make Mexico Great Again.”, YouTuber Nicole Arbour is getting flak for fat shaming overweight people, but maybe being an asshole is inescapable when you're the "World's Sexiest Comedian.", Time Warner is rolling out a cable channel devoted to around-the-clock coverage of Pope Francis’ upcoming visits to NYC, Philly, D.C., and Cuba. Here's what's showing., It appears the leader of the free world spent his long Labor Day weekend recording his own version of The Weeknd's hit summer jam., Jon Hamm is recently single. Shouldn’t be on the market too long., Don't say we didn't warn you., Stephen Colbert starts his run hosting 'The Late Show' tonight,  but these old tweets reveal a disturbing political agenda viewers deserve to know about., Too bad everyone in the U.S. isn't as fluent in "American" as Sarah Palin., In his quick back-to-school primer, John Oliver recaps what you learn in chemistry, math, and English, and then ruins some classic literature for you., The nice thing about #InternationalLiteracyDay = anyone who can't read this doesn't feel left out., Will Ferrell reveals the secrets behind his batting prowess in this exclusive clip from HBO's 'Ferrell Takes The Field.', With a great bbq comes great responsibility — to invite that sad neighbor girl from upstairs who can clearly see and smell what you're doing down there., God talks to the late Steve Jobs about what to expect from tomorrow’s Apple keynote., All your favorite movie club scenes from the last 40 years cut into one oddly riveting mashup that defies space and time. Because why not?, Happy Labor Day! Whatever your plans, make sure they include a few good laughs, starting with this week's best pics., If you're gonna let someone down, at least do it kinda sweetly., Sarah Palin urges immigrants to "speak American." Americans urge Sarah Palin to speak less., This week's best links are all fired up and ready to take on the "terries.", The ultimate in creature comforts., When sleeping with your wife, it is imperative to maintain certain societal standards. The same rules apply when sleeping with the wife of a fellow gentleman., Every day, former vice president Dick Cheney posts inspirational messages to the nation on Twitter. You can watch all of this week’s messages here., It’s just like when you played drinking games at college, except Jason Sudeikis is there and you’re not playing, you’re just watching it online in your pajamas., Reports that some of the more damning parts of 'Concussion' were altered to appease the NFL seem more credible when you see the notes the league added to these script pages., Happy birthday, Beyoncé! No but seriously. You can tell us, we're great at keeping secrets. 🐝🎂🔼, Despite studies that say Americans work more hours than our global counterparts, the widening income gap between the rich and poor in this country begs the obvious question: "Why is the working class so lazy?" Funny Or Die News hits the streets to find out., It's Bjork's world, we're all just living in it., Taylor Swift's new video has the politics of an 85-year-old man, but gosh darn if it isn't lovable anyway., Beyoncé turns 34 today. Stop whatever you're doing immediately and celebrate that fact in one or all of these ways., This week's best GIFs have everything under control., "Thank you for f*cking my friend." 🎵, Are you a Benjamin boy or a Hamilton honey? Take this quiz and tell us your favorite amount of money!, President Obama busted out a selfie stick while on a tour of Alaska. Why? To impress his daughters, of course., In fairness, they only caught the first half., College football is back! Get in the spirit with a factually precise history lesson on some of the game's most storied traditions., Well that backfired horribly., If hard science hasn’t led you to a definitive conclusion on climate change, surely this flowchart will., "A handsome boy is a handsome boy and handsome boys are forgiven.", Glad to hear things are finally looking up for Tom Brady. That guy really had a dark couple of minutes., Jim Harbaugh is champing at the bit in anticipation of his big Michigan debut tonight., DOES NOT COMPUTE., The dog-trick standards are too damn high!, The drought in California could be over tomorrow if everyone here just stopped smoking weed before showers., Have yet to drive a Ferrari through Beverly Hills, but pretty sure double tapping the gas won't make it pop a wheelie., Forget everything you thought you knew about hand and/or headstands! But don't take any tips from these GIFs either., Let's put aside this thrice-divorced county clerk's moral crusade against gay marriage for a minute and imagine the huge, sparkly poster of a triumphant, chestnut stallion that most certainly hangs above her bed., What can you say, the frog's got a type., The guy who got "Mt. McKinley" tattooed on his penis is super pissed at Obama right now., Netflix and Chill isn't for everybody. Some folks just want to watch Seinfeld and catch an unenthused hj., "You’re probably wondering if I’ll also be showing up to your high school parties. The answer is, yes, frequently.", What a time to be alive., Hanging out with Hamlet the Piggy! She brought her own tiny sombrero. 🐷, Change is hard and Trevor Noah is well aware of that. Luckily The Daily Show provided us with these trailers to help us acclimate to the show's new host., From a supercut of Trump saying “China” to a reporter’s surprise swim to a peanut butter–covered baby, here’s everything good on the internet this week., Kentucky county clerk Kim Davis refuses to issue same-sex marriage licenses. She's just lucky she doesn't have to answer to Ron Swanson and Leslie Knope., When it seems like every crime imaginable has been covered on Law & Order: Special Victims Unit, you just need to imagine harder., Everyone defending Idris Elba as a good Bond is really just saying he's qualified to be an alcoholic womanizer who sometimes kills people., A classic porn scenario gets updated to appeal specifically to millennials., Let's meet some of the sexy, horny, married women who have decided now is the time to sign up for Ashley Madison., The track list for Justin Bieber's new album is just a series of drunk texts., 'Area Woman Makes Good By Photoshopping Together Two Separate Things The Internet Loves Separately', With a few simple tweaks, the NFL could make professional football even more awesome., Sadly not everyone agrees that Idris Elba would be the absolute perfect James Bond. These tweets set those people straight., Kanye West killed at the 2015 VMAs with his hilarious stand-up routine., Not to be outdone by Google's new logo, Bing unveiled a logo redesign of their own., Is Will Ferrell the voice of a new generation of sports superstars? You be the judge.

'Ferrell Takes The Field' premieres Saturday, September 12 at 10 p.m. on HBO., A guy who tracks his masturbation stats on an office wall calendar makes a disturbing discovery., Lifetime taps Christina Applegate to play Meryl Streep in their most ambitious and highbrow biopic to date., Miley Cyrus wore 10 different looks and showed everyone her nipple at the MTV VMAs last night. But this article is not about that., 'Last Week Tonight' is on break for a few weeks, but John Oliver drops the exciting news about a book he isn't publishing!, We found Kanye's notes for his #VMAs speech., God has his own video podcast and today He has Subway pedophile Jared Fogle as his guest., Let's meet at the desert! It's a very specific destination and a perfect plan., Don't be that guy., Kanye West announced his presidential run in 2020. Here are some potential slogans for his campaign., Janet Jackson, who's spent the last 11 years in prison for her Super Bowl "wardrobe malfunction," is a little confused by everyone's reaction to Miley Cyrus at the VMAs., Infinitely more entertaining than actually watching the VMAs., Rough summer internship? Don't worry, it'll be all worth it when your adoring supervisor, who DEFINITELY remembers your name and contributions to the company, writes you that killer letter of rec., Somebody's doing the trolling. Who's doing the trolling?, This week's best pics have no boundaries., No face is safe., "I wish I could tell who was a responsible person and who wasn’t, but as it stands, it’s just way too easy for me to get into trouble.", This week’s links are all superstars in their own way., The worst lies are the ones we tell ourselves., Laugh and support a great cause with these auctions for Oddball Comedy & Curiosity Festival tickets benefiting Infinite Hero Foundation and the USO!, Every day, former vice president Dick Cheney posts inspirational messages to the nation on Twitter. You can watch all of this week’s messages here., Jared Fogle, Donald Trump, and all the other stories from the week of 8/24/15, Don't get caught out on the Playa unprepared! Here's everything you need to know about this year's Burn., Anyone who believes Reliant Recovery Water cures concussions has to be suffering from some serious head trauma., Twenty-five years later we finally find out why 'Gremlins 2' was such a hot mess., On the things-worth-celebrating scale, leaving an Ebola quarantine unit symptom-free is pretty much off the chart., This explosive new track from 'We Are Your Friends' is guaranteed to get your body moving., Don't act surprised, just embrace the moment., After news broke this week that Megan Fox and Brian Austin Green are getting a divorce, Megan Fox’s inbox started filling up fast., Mike and Fran from Funny Or Die's Oddball News team pimp their ride before hitting the road for this year's Oddball Comedy & Curiosity Festival., This email exchange between our editor-in-chief and a designer shows how the content sausage gets made around here., These GIFs want to show you this neat trick they just learned that couldn't possibly end badly., New York Times crossword-puzzle editor Will Shortz is probably a great guy, but what if he let his puzzle-kingpin status go to his head?, That's not really our job anyways, we're a comedy website., How to make a #McWhopper! 🍔, New York Mets' loveable mascot reveals the true, horrifying motivation for his extreme team spirit., Megyn Kelly's Fox News show gets some surprise Twitter commentary from Donald Trump., The new 'Star Wars' trailer looks intense!, What's life without a little risk?, Curt Schilling is a former baseball player and current dumb person who tweets dumb things., Taylor Swift can’t stop inviting her famous friends on stage with her, and her final show in L.A. was no different. Here’s a look at last night's star-studded set list., Funny Or Die News Flash: Donald Trump Won't Eat Oreos Made In Mexico, Miley Cyrus remains trapped in her prison of wearing elaborate disguises on TV., Get ready, San Francisco! We're bringing two full days of great comedy to Treasure Island Music Festival! Lineup coming soon!, What once was a fun, sometimes risky, always thrilling transaction has been reduced to the equivalent of buying sneakers in a chain store., Donald Trump took one too many swipes at Fox News host Megyn Kelly, so she decided to take matters into her own hands., Not necessarily in that order, Sure, Mittens can play with us!, With the U.S. averaging more than one mass shooting a day in 2015, it's hard for gun-rights advocates to get their talking points across fast enough. So they created this rapid-response template., Hey, what's up? Gyro, Today marks the 95th anniversary of the 19th Amendment, and to celebrate we've compiled some great tweets by funny women and also some more stuff., At least with Mexican drug cartels you know where you stand., In honor of #WomensEqualityDay, enjoy the FOD classic 'Modern Office' with Christina Hendricks., From embarrassing Google searches to naked-butt photobombs to insane Walmart chants, here's everything good on the internet this week., Happy #NationalDogDay! Hope your pup is as happy as this super chill Japanese Shiba inu stuck in a bush., It’s times like these we could do with a little less truth in advertising., Hey Mansfield! Don’t miss your chance to see Aziz Ansari, Amy Schumer & many more at Oddball Comedy & Curiosity Festival at Xfinity Center on Sept. 11!, Megyn Kelly took the high road by not responding to Donald Trump’s latest mean tweets about her, but here’s what she really wanted to say., How could we not have seen it?!, Ashley Madison's CEO wrote a 100-page screenplay loosely based on the website, which was uncovered in the recent hack. We've taken the liberty of casting it., Life Hack: When ordering food, order more food. It ensures you'll get additional food which you can then eat., Just imagine what these guys could do in the right fantasy scenario., Meanwhile, at the White House... #matwh, "This isn't about finding 'the one,' this is about finding anyone who's willing.", Crazy that Taylor Swift brought El Chapo out on stage to perform "I Know Places" last night! Guess he's officially in her squad., We all humiliate ourselves in public eventually. Better to get it out of your system early., God sends a letter to the conservative Christian men caught cheating on Ashley Madison, absolving them of their sins., Hey Hartford! Don’t miss your chance to see Aziz Ansari, Amy Schumer & many more at Oddball Comedy & Curiosity Festival at XFINITY Theatre on Sept. 12!, Classing up our NorCal office with murals of Will Ferrell and Pearl. Art! 🎨, This is what happens when you let your fifth grader play M-rated video games., Long before their recent engagement announcement, Alison Brie found out the hard way what it takes to be Dave Franco's dream girl., Twitter shut down the sites archiving politicians' deleted tweets, but don't worry, we were able to save some of the worst ones., Hollywood’s leading female directors are interviewed by big-wig execs to see if they’ll pander to the studio’s vision for the next blockbuster movie., When they went from five members to four we didn’t really care. But we had no idea that when they announced their “extended hiatus” we could care even less., North Korea and South Korea finally reached an agreement today! Let the healing process begin., Now that Windows 95 is 20 years old, it’s time to reminisce about its best features. We asked Denzel Washington to share his fondest memories., These GIFs have the skills to pay the bills. At least some of them do., Jon Stewart relinquished his seat on 'The Daily Show,' but he put a chair to good use at WWE SummerSlam and beat the crap out of some wrestlers., Too soon., A close inspection of 'The Karate Kid' reveals clear evidence that Daniel-san was actually the film’s villain, not its hero., In case you don't know, this show was shot in Los Angeles. Let's just remind you about it for an hour straight., Just because same-sex marriage was declared constitutional, doesn't mean things are all rainbows and giggles for the LGBTQ community., The barber would probably say something if he weren't worried about his whole family disappearing., United States stock markets plunged today in response to sharp drops in the Shanghai composite index, erasing all the gains it had previously made this year. This FAQ explains the situation., This week's best pics are here for your pleasure., Anchor babies are destroying America. Someone finally has the courage to talk about it., Enjoy a week's worth of inspiration from former Vice President Dick Cheney., Fresh links! Get 'em while they're hot., Kale sold separately., null, Set your DVR’s and cancel your Saturday plans! Tig Notaro’s HBO special ‘Boyish Girl Interrupted’ premieres TONIGHT at 10 PM! Here’s a little preview., Dr. Dre apologized for some past mistakes today. Turns out he had more to get off his chest., Mayor DeBlasio says Times Square has a "topless problem" and if that's what he thinks, he's being really unchill about the whole thing., Have a great weekend!, He's not the hero this country needs. He's not the hero this country deserves. He's just a walking piece of garbage., Please don’t heckle comedians at the Oddball Comedy & Curiosity Festival. Heckle this guy instead.

Shows start next week! Don't miss your chance to see Aziz Ansari, Amy Schumer & many more: http://livemu.sc/OddballTckts, This week's best GIFs are bafflingly hilarious., The world's most dangerous artist, in the world's most dangerous movie., Hot mics. Hot GIFs. Hot laughs., We put Robert Durst's eyes on the Mona Lisa. Good luck going to sleep tonight., If you only watch one video of dozens of TV personalities saying the name "Deez Nuts" today, make it this one., We hired designers from around the world to photoshop an image of a bear to reflect the bear standards of specific countries., Comedian Tig Notaro discusses heckling herself into going topless on stage following her battle with breast cancer., Burning Man has been overrun by swarms of smelly parasites that contribute nothing. Also there's a bug problem., Josh Duggar diligently obeyed the Lord, prayed real hard, and the encore to his child molestation charges is that he had not one, but two Ashley Madison accounts., Actor/Muscle Man Channing Tatum has adopted a horse named Smoke. It’s a great gesture by a great man. But what about the horses he didn’t adopt? What’d they do to get him so riled up?, Two female soldiers became the first women to pass the Army Ranger course. But with sexual assault rampant in the armed forces and the Pentagon dragging its feet on allowing women to participate in combat, these soldiers will largely be relegating their skills to fend off unwanted advances from male soldiers., Hey girl, did Keegan Michael Key and Seth Meyers teach you how to flirt? Because you’re not very good at it., A man registered under the name Deez Nuts is running for president and he's actually doing sort of OK in polls., This cute baby seal is NOT happy that Shell is planning to drill for oil off the coast of Alaska., The Republican presidential candidates debate many issues, few of which make any sense., Just like cars, the internet is powered by gas., The Lord Of All Who Beat Off has ruled on whether you should look at whose email addresses are in the Ashley Madison leak., Reports have surfaced that American teens have been leaving home to join ISIS. These parents don't mind., Kermit and Fozzie performed N.W.A.'s 'Express Yourself' because of course they did., Photos of a sad Ben Affleck visiting Disney World have made the rounds online. But Affleck is only the latest in a long history of Sad Celeb Men to visit happy places while remaining sad., What Jeff Bezos really meant when he wrote Amazon's guiding document on how to make his employees miserable., Jared Fogle's new weight-loss program:

1) Enter prison
2) Run for his fucking life for 5-7 years, Sure, continue mocking adult karate. At your own risk., The creative minds behind the controversial University of Alabama sorority video explain their artistic choices., In the hot tub, eatin' wildebeest., If you thought being hunted for sport was bad, you should try working for Amazon., It’s the most debated hypothetical sports question of our time. And while we may never know the answer, you better believe everyone has an opinion on it., Inspired by football greats past and present, here’s a video of United States Senator and presidential candidate Marco Rubio repeatedly hitting a kid in the face with a football to the tune of Foo Fighters' 'My Hero.', This instructional music video will help you and your loved ones properly shake hands., Change is hard. Especially in the bathroom., SNL has posted some bloops, goofs, gags, flubs, fluffs, and MORE., Most of these links will take you to an article, image, video, story or website that is not porn. One of them is porn. Happy hunting!, Trevor Noah takes over 'The Daily Show' in 41 days, but you can get a glimpse of his hosting aesthetic with this teaser video!, Kenny doesn't die in every South Park episode, but when he does it's rarely quietly in his sleep., There's a sexual enhancement drug for women, and a bunch of old men are voting today on whether or not women can use it., We found George Zimmerman's Etsy shop., This straight-laced mom spits straight fire., Jared Fogle from Subway reportedly accepting a plea deal. His attorneys assure him it's a good deal, comes with chips or cookies. NOT BOTH., Respected bassist and tolerated Republican presidential candidate Mike Huckabee ignited controversy when he backed Paraguay’s refusal to allow an abortion in the case of a 10-year-old girl who was raped by her stepfather. Since then, he's been promoting his hardline views by offering free bass guitar lessons in New York., Which is the more direct way to let people know how awful you are?, The New York Times reported on the unprecedented assistance from AT&T in the release of billions of customers’ private emails to the NSA. And in an unlikely turn from AT&T’s traditional customer service practices, this call proves they were all too eager to help., Consider us fooled!, Guest columnist Mike Huckabee supports Paraguay's decision to deny an abortion to a 10-year-old who was allegedly raped by her stepfather. But he has no problem with the unborn child being killed via capital punishment in 20 or 30 years., Crab Gary is going out of town for a bit and wants to rent out his shell., Pittsburgh Steeler James Harrison didn't like that his sons received trophies for merely participating. Now his kids' trash can be your treasure!, When we set out in search of penis GIFs, these were the first ones to reveal themselves., Honestly, this supercut of Owen Wilson's favorite phrases is unbelievable., And so began the longest conversation about earrings ever between two male millionaires., Writer Lara Marie Schoenhals shares 20 or so deranged ideas for who Taylor Swift might invite on stage next., John Oliver started his own televangelical church to highlight the ease with which institutions can qualify as religious organizations, exempt from taxes and able to scam you out of your own money., Today Donald Trump was called in to serve jury duty in New York, but he wasn't chosen. Here are the things he said to get out of it., It really wasn't that bad when you stop and think about it., CNN has decided to go all in and pit the Republican candidates against one another in a series of physical challenges., American Ultra costars Jesse Eisenberg and Kristen Stewart flip the script on the typical film-junket interview and ask each other some uncomfortable questions., Sure, go ahead and order last. Those extra 43 seconds are really going to make a huge difference., Republican National Committee Chairman Reince Priebus offers up some party favors to persuade Donald Trump to bow out of the Republican presidential primaries., These pics are tree-mendously exciting., Tig Notaro lends a personal touch to spread the word about her upcoming HBO comedy special, 'Boyish Girl Interrupted.', You'll fall down laughing at these pics because science., These links are the only education you'll ever need., You'll be inclined to laugh at these ramped-up GIFs., Rumors are swirling that former Vice President Al Gore is considering another run for the White House. Here are the Pros and Cons of an Al Gore presidency., The Iowa State Fair kicked off Thursday and presidential hopefuls from across the nation are crawling into the hot sun to stand on the soapbox and win over crowds., The two friends provide alternate audio for 'Late Night' viewers with different interests, backgrounds, and senses of humor., The director of the HEAT Dancers explains why that viral male audition didn't make the cut., Sometimes odd signs creep up on you—look, there's one right behind you!, Jared finally tells his story., These 16 ingenious #PackingHacks will have you all set for vacation and, finally, a little #relaxation., This week's best GIFs just gotta dance!, Fox News CEO Roger Ailes and GOP frontrunner Donald Trump bury the hatchet after a contentious Republican debate., True cat-ness comes in many shapes and sizes., Deadwood's foul-mouthed gossip reporter gives us the latest dirty dirt on Deadwood's possible return., We added some helpful captions to Fox News’ response to our recent Planned Parenthood video so you can see what they were really thinking., It's a tough job, but somebody's gotta do it., In a recent Iowa caucus poll, “No Opinion” beat out eight GOP candidates. But does it have what it takes to go all the way?, A recent Vanity Fair article about the ease of sexual conquest in the age of Tinder totally missed what's really going on., 'Sesame Street' is coming to HBO! Here’s a clip from the first episode., Google's new parent company has an awfully generic name. If only there was some way they could have known., 'Sesame Street' is coming to HBO! Can't wait to see full frontal Ernie and watch Cookie Monster make his long overdue jump to heroin., Cutlery Corner's Todd Boone takes a break from talking knives to pitch the new Alabama Shakes album, 'Sound & Color.', President Abraham Trump delivers the most stirring oration in American political history., Move over cats and sloths, it's time for something cuter., A guide to genitalia colloquialisms., Not everyone was upset after the EPA dumped millions of gallons of toxic waste into that Colorado river., In the wake of Target's decision to do away with its gender-specific toy sections, we've decided to pull the plug on the "for girls" section of our website., The Olsen Twins appear to have overworked their intern, prompting a lawsuit, but in their minds they were just working with a pair of part-time twin sisters., Samuel L. Jackson getting fashion tips from Lenny Kravitz about his The Hateful Eight wardrobe., The internet's been having a field day with that courtroom sketch of Tom Brady, but we think the artist nailed it., Are people bored with seeing Kim Kardashian’s naked body? We asked some random guys to weigh in on her latest nude pic., Having failed to charm Megyn Kelly with a public wisecrack about her menstruation cycle, Donald Trump tries again on Twitter., Huge missed opportunity if they don't call the 'Resident Evil 2' remake 'Resident Evil Too: Look Who's Evil Now.', A 19-year-old nursing student's controversial decision to stand with Ferguson police puts her on the wrong side of the internet's memeocracy., A young woman offers an invasive peep behind closed doors at all the sex she should have had this week., As his summer tour crosses the country, Bernie Sanders is drawing record-setting crowds. We went to a recent gig in L.A. to get an up-close glimpse of Sandersmania., The candidates' actual words, delivered with the maturity and seriousness they deserve., Ronda Rousey finally confirms how many dogs in a big pair of overalls she would fight., Put the box down, Diesel. Just. Put. The. Box. Down., Wake up and smell the bacon!, Only once you’re a meme do you truly take flight., Make sure you've got everything you need for going back to school! 📓✏️, Michael Jordan recently said that if he didn't pursue basketball he would have been a weatherman. Here's how one of the game's best trash talkers would have sounded in that arena., Jets QB Geno Smith is out 10 weeks after a teammate punched him in the jaw. Smith also threw a punch but it was intercepted by another team., It's official: Shakespeare smoked weed. But he's super bummed he's not alive to vape., Way to go, PC Police. You got Target to get rid of girls' and boys' toy sections, and now the G.I. Joes have nowhere to crap in peace., With pipe-residue analysis confirming Shakespeare smoked weed, it's not hard to imagine the Bard gettin' irie in the sky., It's taken some work but we finally have them — the worst of the worst., Get this champagne-flavored too-good-to-be-ice-cream bullshit out of our faces and just give us a cone already., Each year thousands of men are injured when their penises, completely by accident, get sucked into their vacuums. Finally there's a solution., After the last singer/guitar player just up and walked out on her shift last night, the seediest Mexican restaurant and bar in Vinci, CA made an ad for a new one., Funny Or Die News Flash: Texas Man Jailed For 35 Years Finally Gets A Trial, Concerned celebrities join up with John Oliver to offer teens the sex education they're not getting in school., Here's a first look at some of this year's incoming freshmen at Awesome University., Ew. Gross. Twenty-six miles of running?, Critics unanimously agree it's the best 'Fantastic Four' movie of the year., A disturbing graphic circulating the internet shows what happens to your body 60 seconds after drinking a Coke. But what about 60 years?, We recorded Donald Trump walking the streets of New York City for 10 hours and doling out 100+ instances of verbal and physical harassment toward people of all backgrounds., This week's best pics are just ridiculously happy to be here., Some of our favorite things we saw people holding up to find their friends at Outside Lands Music Festival., Press here to reboot., This week's best links are in perfect harmony., Drake's treatment of Meek Mill has been very educational for hopeful young bullies everywhere., Sorry, human, your relaxation game is weak., GOP debates, Jon Stewart's farewell, and all the other news stories from the week of 8/3/15., It's a great bargain. Kale would be crazy to turn it down., Keith Richards thinks 'Sgt. Pepper's Lonely Hearts Club Band' is "rubbish." Here are some other things he thinks are overrated., The one late night game you're not allowed to dislike because it's an affront to the puppies., We replaced Donald Trump's audio from last night with Minion gibberish. It's a substantial improvement., The Republican presidential candidates made some bold claims at last night's debate. Find out which ones were outright lies., Former correspondent and good friend of The Daily Show Stephen Colbert bids Jon Stewart adieu. Keep the tissues handy., Funny Or Die News Flash: Baby Bonobos Communicate Just Like Baby Humans., The most addictive, critically acclaimed streaming TV shows that don't actually exist, Get psyched for the premiere of America's Next Weatherman tomorrow at 11 p.m. on TBS with this amazingly spoiler-free preview!, This week's best GIFs are ready to dive headfirst into the weekend., Donald Trump recaps his performance in the first Republican presidential debates., The guy on TIME's virtual reality cover is in a "walking barefoot through the bathrooms at a music festival" simulator., Whatever happens, let's just hope they don't forget about him., An extended interview between Jon Stewart and Louis C.K. on the penultimate episode of his 'Daily Show' tenure., New video exposes more disturbing truths about what really happens behind the walls of Planned Parenthood., Drake's treatment of Meek Mill has been very educational for young hopeful bullies everywhere., We live blogged tonight's Republican debate ahead of time so you don't have to watch it., As far we’re concerned, succeeding in parkour takes three distinct skills: strength, agility, and being terrible at parkour., American officials are split over the top terror threat. Check out this handy chart to decide which group is worse., If you’re an aficionado of something, you’d better believe there’s a magazine cover out there just for you., Kevin Bacon says it's time for Hollywood to #FreeTheBacon., Because Tinder is just so ... common., He liked it so he put a ring on it., Chris Christie recently divulged his use of birth control at a campaign rally. In this op-ed, he elaborates — big time., Netflix now offers all employees unlimited maternity and paternity leave for the first year of parenthood. One guy is particularly eager to take advantage of his company’s new perk., A team of top scientists has come together to produce this extremely accurate model of what a Donald Trump presidency would look like., You don't have to be a genius to appreciate Chris Farley as Ethan Hunt, but you'd have to be a fool not to., They grow up so fast!, Each Republican candidate was given exactly enough time to convey the true value of their presidential bid., After a series of crippling injuries eliminated Hollywood's A-list, Paramount had no choice but to cast Ronda Rousey as herself., Archie is coming to Broadway with a little help from us and our fearless leader Adam McKay! http://bit.ly/1JMedJ5, American Ultra costars Jesse Eisenberg and Kristen Stewart flip the script on the typical film-junket interview and ask each other some uncomfortable questions., What do you think this is, some kind of game?, Steve Buscemi is an avocado. Adding him improves just about anything, but he's never the main course., GOP presidential hopefuls spent the weekend Koch suckling at a semi-secret event in southern California. Jon Stewart helps us out with the visuals., Ben and Jen. Miranda and Blake. Kermit and Miss Piggy. If you loved them, they're over!, With a new study out claiming most office-building temperatures are optimized for men, an office-bound Siberian husky shares his tips on staying warm for all those complaining women., Miss Piggy broke up with Kermit today and wasted no time getting back on the market., Mark Hamill is happy to desecrate your precious Star Wars trading cards with jokes about dads and weed and farts., Would MMA champ Ronda Rousey have demolished her Brazilian opponent this past weekend even faster if she had a tattoo of Mandy Patinkin somewhere on her body? 'Scienceology' jumps into the ring to spar with some big new ideas in MMA., Drake performed in front of a bunch of Meek Mill memes last night. Not sure what he was trying to say with this one., When asked where he likes to eat since shooting Michael Brown, Darren Wilson said he prefers places with "like-minded individuals" where it's "not a mixing pot." Here are some of his favorite haunts., The shower is a great place to have some good clean fun, but it's also a chance to go a little wild., NRA CEO Wayne LaPierre (Martin Sheen) aims to defend the second amendment but his plan backfires when he takes a bullet to support the cause., You know you've done at least one of these things., Comedian Josh Fadem creates the perfect 'Space Jam' sequel before anyone else., Instagram celebrity The Fat Jew, widely blasted for stealing other people's work, has just published his first totally original novel., A YouTuber cuts together scenes from 280 movies to cover Bruno Mars' "Uptown Funk," so now that's in your head again., Both cut down before their time, HitchBOT and Cecil the Lion have both joined that great jam session in the sky., Doug Funnie sings "Trap Queen" to his one and only love, Patti Mayonnaise., Beware the freshman college roommate lottery., Unfortunately, surfing a wave on a dirt bike is now the new measure of cool, and we're all falling miserably short., In an effort to top last year's wildly successful Ice Bucket Challenge, the ALS Association reviews a new batch of Bucket Challenge alternatives from Neil Patrick Harris, JK Simmons, Martha Stewart, and more., Hold on tight, it's time for another action-packed installment of the best pics of all time of the week., Fox News made the first Republican debate a popularity contest, and here's who came out on top., We use only the choicest cuts in our link roundups., These pics don't understand the meaning of moderation. Seriously, don't bother trying to explain it to them, they'll just play dumb., These GIFs really know how to make an entrance., Cecil the Lion, more Donald Trump (sorry), and all the other stories the news sh*t out this week., Ever wondered what The Human League's "Don't You Want Me" would sound like as just the opening lyric on repeat? Us either. But here it is anyway., Prepare for the upcoming ’90s nostalgia overload on Netflix with our definitive 'Reading Rainbow' binge-watching guide., These pics need their space, no butts about it., It's Friday so here's a picture of Bill Clinton, Shia LaBeouf, and George W. Bush with matching rattail haircuts., We're on GIF Keyboard! Now you can use our GIFs to show your friends how you really feel: http://bit.ly/1IthnvX, Just trying to tell it like it is., Hold on, just hear us out. This could work., Frap Queen 👑, Tom Cruise's agent panics when he realizes Tom's still in the car with the windows rolled up. And with his little leather jacket on!, Don't underestimate the sneakiness of this week's best GIFs., Which of these steaming hot bad boys would you bed, wed, or murder?, Brandon Armstrong's spot-on NBA impressions are a viral slam dunk., Walter Palmer, the dentist who illegally hunted and killed Cecil the Lion in Zimbabwe, had a very interesting ad for his dentistry., Leaked text messages between Julian Edelman and the recently suspended Tom Brady prove the Patriots' QB really has been ditching all those phones., The greatness of these GIFs is plain for all to see (except them of course)., Funny Or Die News is back with another installment of the tragically refillable 'Police Brutality Reaction Video' series, this time in response to the death of Samuel DuBose in Cincinnati., Watch Cara Delevingne's cringe-worthy 'Good Morning Sacramento!' interview, and then immediately erase it from memory with one of these helpful brain-cleansers., Turns out Tom Brady's history of preemptive phone demolition goes back way before #Deflategate., Drake dropped a third diss track. It's just him sleeping on a TempurPedic mattress for 45 minutes listening to sounds of the rainforest., Lion-killing dentist Walter Palmer has reemerged under an assumed identity in an attempt to restart his career., One group of Girl Scouts celebrates the Boy Scouts of America's change in policy that will lift the blanket ban on gay adult leaders., Donald Trump’s advisor, Michael Cohen, tries to walk back his controversial statement in response to Ivana Trump’s marital rape allegations., Guaranteed every one of these was preceded by a confident "Watch this.", The U.S. military — which may or may not have been taken over by a terrifying robot force — addresses concerns about artificial intelligence in the military., Putin says Sepp Blatter deserves a Nobel Prize for running FIFA, an organization currently under investigation for corruption. Who else does Putin deem worthy of this prestigious award?, We asked three strangers to silently eat food for two straight hours. You'll never believe what happens., Perfect for washing Twitter fingers., If legend is to be trusted, soon these GIFs will be "making It.", Sorry, guys, no more walking around with your penises hanging out like it's no big deal., Mary Kate & Ashley Olsen might be joining the cast of 'Fuller House!' Here's an educated guess on their first scene., "Is it that difficult for you to get an erection that you need to kill things that are stronger than you? Because there's a pill for that.", Recently a number of photos of the Bush administration taken on 9/11 were released to the public. We’ve uncovered even more., A little in-flight comic relief never hurt anybody. But too much of it can be a disaster., We meet the hypnotic Monterey Bay...Aquarium...manta...so beautiful...so, so beautiful..., It's important to know your rights in the event you are pulled over by a police officer. This flowchart will tell you what to do., President Obama laid down some hard truths during a recent speech in Ethiopia., Mike Huckabee’s desperate attempts to out-crazy Donald Trump have left Jon Stewart at a loss for words., After getting banned from the WWE for making racist statements, Hulk Hogan crashed WWE RAW to defend himself., Tom Brady destroyed his phone so the NFL couldn't see it. He wasn't just cheating. He was "Tiger Woods at an Icelandic whorehouse" cheating., Jake Johnson tries to duplicate the amazing parkour stunts he sees on TV, with mixed results., August is Beth's month, and Beth wants to have some fun. Deal with it, ladies., Thank you to the champion who sent us this amazing cake! 🍰, The only way to stop a bad guy with a gun is to stop people from giving birth to bad guys., Members of Rockapella, from the ’90s kids show 'Where in the World Is Carmen Sandiego?,' perform an updated version of their classic hit., Rule 34, no exceptions., These pics were made for walking ... and running, and standing, and stretching, and, uh..., Behind the scenes of Khloe Kardashian's cover shoot for Complex magazine., If ’80s anti-drug hysteria taught us anything it's that possession of a tiny amount of pot deserves a life sentence. Also that drugs are a great way to meet your favorite cartoon characters IRL., Stephen Hawking keeps warning us how extremely intelligent aliens will colonize us. But how smart can they be if they’re not up to speed on the best TV show of all time?, While none of us wants to admit there might be a future where Donald Trump is president, the #WhenTrumpIsElected tag is helping us prepare for the worst., Worth a shot., George will do anything to be involved in his little bro's presidential campaign, even if it means he has to wear a bear costume., Ten teams. Ten positions. One Will Ferrell.
'Ferrell Takes the Field' premieres September 12 on HBO., Keep your expectations low enough and you'll never be disappointed., This week's best pics have definitely earned their stripes., Bray Wyatt gets interrupted during his SummerSlam promo with some horrible news., If you could just take a seat, this week's best links will be with you in a minute., The Minions' quest to follow the most despicable leaders of all time hasn't always seemed so adorable., Donald Trump, more Donald Trump, and another senseless movie theater massacre. Welcome to the news for the week of 7/20/2015., “This MY seven white boys.", Definitely a sign., Tim Duncan lays out an orderly and highly methodical argument for why he should star alongside LeBron James in 'Space Jam 2.', "On some level, you must have known I’d be banging like cray.", Donald Trump visited the Mexican border this week wearing a "Make America Great Again" hat, one of the many slogan hats in his arsenal., We shouldn't be surprised. Hulk Hogan has been saying horrifically racist shit for years., Everybody remembers Michael Jordan in 'Space Jam' and Shaq in ... too many things. But the complete list of NBA-star cameos is full of surprises., Statistically, if you're on the internet you have to be at least one., Funny Or Die presents 'America's Next Weatherman,' a new reality show where 12 contestants compete for big money and the chance to become a nationally televised weather correspondent.

Tune in Saturday nights at 11 on TBS Network, premiering Aug. 8., Think globally, act locally., Feeling tense? Unwind with this week’s best GIFs., These hidden gems are too delicious not to share., Jurassic World 2 plot

2 min: It's safe here!
12 min: Is it?
30 min: Fuck.
60 min: Fuuuck.
115 min: T Rex saves us! 
120 min: Let's go home., Are you #OLD and curious about this so-called “Twitter feud” between popular musicians Nicki Minaj and Taylor Swift? Fear not, we've got you covered., WARNING: The shenanigans depicted in this sequel may be too fun for some viewers to handle., Norm Macdonald gets Jimmy Fallon and Steve Higgins to play what appears to be a very dirty game of charades., You know you're having a bad day when even your candy bar seems disappointed in you., Happy #NationalHotDogDay!, It may have taken just seven days to create the universe, but it’s taking God an eternity to fill it with content., She's going to do something crazy. Why not get a head start?, They do love brunch. But honestly, who doesn't?, The only game where everyone's a loser., The creators of this show wouldn't know a Vince Vaughn comedy if it bit ’em on the ass., If the music industry continues to die, some of these rap legends may actually want to consider a second career in sports., Ashley Madison clears up the misunderstanding around her site's unprecedented hack., Aaron Paul tried to settle the Nicki Minaj vs. Taylor Swift beef and low key started a 'Breaking Bad' reunion on Twitter., A new study reveals that there are four distinct classifications of drunk people. Take our quiz to find out what type of drunk you are!, When Donald Trump gave out Lindsey Graham's phone number he also unearthed a treasure trove of amazing voicemails., We're not glad it happened, just proud as hell that we predicted it., A Twitter flame war over VMA nominations suddenly goes nuclear., You can trick anyone of any age into showing up somewhere by offering free pizza., Looking forward to John Boehner's response., A good number were also eager to trade it in for "a couple of bites off that sandwich.", Our aging sports correspondent drops in on a local L.A. skate crew to see if he still has what it takes to shred the gnar., Nothing cooler than an Australian pro surfer, except the shark who can say he's friends with one., Scientists have finally trapped the Lord our God in a polymer cube. But now that he's our slave, what should we do with him?, At the Columbia, S.C., KKK rally protesting the take down of the Confederate flag, one man decided to stage his own counter protest., For just a fraction of the $100 million Stephen Hawking and Yuri Milner are using to contact extraterrestrial life, they can talk to this real alien., Happy #NationalJunkFoodDay! We got 300 chicken nuggets for lunch because we're mature adults who make responsible choices., Inspired by The Huffington Post's decision to move all Donald Trump campaign coverage to their Entertainment section, Funny Or Die News will now file all Trump coverage under "Garbage.", Finally, all the high heel–less parts of the 'Jurassic Park' franchise get fixed., A handy comparison chart to help guide you through the bewildering universe of streaming music services., Donald Trump's remarks about John McCain's service drew sharp criticism, but what about Trump's own POW status during Vietnam?, Great art should always be taken literally., Superhero movies are all the rage, and Clint Howard thinks it's time for a certain redhead to become a star again, with some help from Milla Jovovich., These GIFs will steal your heart ... and immediately come back for seconds., Miss Piggy tackles Rihanna's "Bitch Better Have My Money" in another instantly classic viral mashup., The Ashley Madison hackers have released their first profile., Subway responds to the very unwanted flood of support from pedophiles following the FBI's raid of Jared Fogle's house., AshleyMadison.com, the website designed for discreet extramarital affairs, was recently hacked, revealing all its users' wildest sexual fantasies., Bill Cosby's right eye is looking to move on from its disgraced host., Sepp Blatter looking like the saddest and most out-of-place dude in the history of strip clubs., Judd Apatow, Amy Schumer, Colin Quinn, Dave Attell, Mike Birbiglia, and Vanessa Bayer wrap up the Trainwreck Comedy Tour in LA., Look out, America, the Trump campaign has finally hit its stride., These pics only want you to see their best side., Funny Or Die News travels to British Columbia to answer the questions that bands like Run The Jewels, CHVRCHES, Earl Sweatshirt, Matt and kim, Reggie Watts, ASAP Ferg, courtney barnett, Portugal. The Man, and Preservation Hall Jazz Band don't want to get asked., Finding the dating scene to be ruff? Try these pickup lines for dogs., Now you can skip the news until November 2016. You're welcome!, You heard correctly, this week’s links want to go smear some mud on their ass., Maybe just work at not having any more kids., It’s as easy as uno, dos, tres., Judd Apatow, Amy Schumer, Colin Quinn, and Dave Attellcelebrate Mike Birbiglia's birthday at the Seattle stop of the Trainwreck Comedy Tour., The Iran nuclear deal, skyrocketing Lyme disease rates, and all the other stories the news shit out this week., We're also not above jokes like these: "The main thing about statues is that they're always hard.", New hyper-detailed photos reveal even more incredible features on Pluto!, The New York Times refused to put Ted Cruz's new book on their bestseller list, but here are some other GOP page turners that are flying off the shelves., President Obama can't revoke Bill Cosby's Presidential Medal of Freedom, but there's nothing that says he can't award him a new, more appropriate medal., Rebecca Hall (Iron Man 3) can't handle One Direction's Louis Tomlinson's new dad status., Happy #WorldEmojiDay! 🎉🎈🎉🎈🎉, Now it's easy to convert the nonsensical toxic garbage that drips from Donald Trump’s lips into normal English!, Thanks for nothing, science., Jimmy Fallon reads #MyDumbInjury tweets to help ease the pain of his own nearly amputated finger., Friend of Funny Or Die and all around spectacular human Tig Notaro has a great new doc on Netflix today! Watch it. Don't act like you'll read a book instead., The bacon craze hasn't just jumped the shark, it's limply floating above it like some unholy Frankenstein sea monster., It’s Friday. Time to get loopy., Jared Harris ('Mad Men') teaches a confused couple how to avoid grammatical gaffes when discussing Caitlyn Jenner., "Enough of this crud, bring out the Rudd!", The only candidate guaranteed to always stay on message., The puns are strong with this one., Siri has some shockingly strong opinions on the proper use of gender pronouns., Happy Birthday, Will Ferrell! 🎂, Congrats 'Billy on the Street' and 'Between Two Ferns' on the Emmy nominations!, Amy Schumer in a throwback to Princess Leia's slave costume is definitely up there. But the Greatest Nerd Porn Ever title has some stiff competition., Racist Atticus Finch is just one of many surprises from Harper Lee's new book, 'Go Set a Watchman.', Amazon's Prime Day failed to deliver the promised deals, but turned out to be worth its weight in Twitter gold., These vow to make you laugh, in sickness and in GIFs., #YesAllBears, The classic children’s pastime Cowboys and Indians takes a troubling modern turn., Stephen Colbert gawked at the beauty of Pluto alongside Neil deGrasse Tyson, who was considerably less excited., Donald Trump has found the perfect foil on Twitter: an escaped Mexican drug lord., Comic-Con is a great place to hang out with your friends!, Enhanced photo of El Chapo's tunnel reveals his helpers., Did "The Fappening" teach us nothing?, These Happy Meal toys are getting out of control., #HappyPrimeDay! The one day a year where it's difficult to spend money on Amazon., With the field of Republican presidential candidates rapidly expanding, you might not be able to tell one apart from a random real estate agent. Take the quiz and see how you fare!, "You had us at Tina Fey and Amy Poehler." — everyone, Thought The Expendables were tough? Try getting the new Iran deal past these guys., With police shootings all over the news, The National Association for Police Organizations sent out a memo to officers with tips on how to improve their image with the public., Rob Gronkowski and Charlotte Mckinney star in the steamy film adaptation of the erotic fan fiction 'A Gronking to Remember.', 'Scienceology' interviews an ornithologist who has spent years mapping the vagina of a very special duck., ICYMI: David Letterman came out of retirement this weekend to deliver a special Top 10 list just for Donald Trump., Somebody needs to tell Pluto to smile more in photos., A new meme gives cats a Donald Trump–style makeover., Brandy gave unsuspecting subway riders a free concert and people barely looked up from their phones., These GIFs understand the beautiful instrument that is the sprinkler., So sad that in 2015 ghostbusting still isn't a gender-neutral occupation., 'To Kill a Mockingbird' isn’t the only beloved novel with a secret, unpublished sequel that ruins everything., Real champions want to make their biggest fans happy, not file restraining orders against them., Nick Offerman shows how easy it is to provide kids with healthy, farm-fresh snacks like pizza, taquitos, and fish sticks harvested straight off the vine., Scott Walker is now the 15th candidate running for the Republican nomination. At this point, there's a pretty good chance you're running for president, too., We're all shitting our pants over the new 'Star Wars' footage from Comic-Con. Here's how to handle the aftermath., John Oliver exposes the insane amount of money U.S. taxpayers end up paying for sports mega-stadiums., Because if there's one thing celebrities need it's another opportunity for public humiliation., Heads up! This week's best pics are coming in hot., On the way to the Trainwreck movie premiere, LeBron James pitches ideas for a sequel to Amy Schumer, Judd Apatow, and Bill Hader while getting burgers at his favorite restaurant in Akron, Ohio, Swensons., Donald Trump’s wife lists her husband's most redeeming qualities in an attempt to save her QVC business., That's all from Comic-Con 2015! Thanks for following, see you next year! #sdcc, Carol brought her famous cookies! #sdcc, Pan Solo #sdcc, Final day of Comic-Con! Also the final day this guy's hotel has to clean blue paint off of his shower. #sdcc, Guardians of the Convention Center #sdcc, Donald Trump faces backlash, the U.S. wins the Women's World Cup, and all the other stories the news shit out this week., What do you get the website that literally has it all?, Conan finally reveals the source of all his comedic superpowers., Shark goals. #sdcc, Was your Social Security number stolen during the massive hack of the Office of Personnel Management? Almost certainly yes!, Hollywood does funny things to people., Minion toys in McDonald's Happy Meals are reportedly shouting expletives. This isn't a glitch, it's a cry for help., We're cosplaying as Shia LaBeouf at Comic-Con. Find Shia and get a FOD sticker! Add "funnyordie" on Snapchat for more. #sdcc, Shame! 🔔 #sdcc, Ariana Grande is under fire for licking donuts and declaring she hates America. But what’s more patriotic than seeing a donut you want and licking it?, As the saying goes: If at first you don't succeed, play it cool and hope no one noticed., When you find out what makes lists such irresistible clickbait, first you'll be shocked, then you'll be inspired., When Reddit's volunteer moderators turn hundreds of subreddits private, the internet's biggest content aggregators lose their minds., Masterfully executed 'Mad Max' meets 'Frozen' crossover. #sdcc, Just going out for some smokes my ass., With the news that Han Solo's getting his own Star Wars spinoff, some folks in the office thought it was a great time to reminisce about our favorite Han moments., If anyone can lead our weary nation through these end times it’s Stephen Colbert., A plan for us all to work until we die, from someone who was born a millionaire., Some people have suggested that Skip Showers for Beef is some kind of liberal joke. Not true! Check out this video where we delve further into our techniques for conserving water while enjoying beef!, "It’s not every day you get to help an over-the-hill character actor feel like they’re making a difference in a ‘regular person’s’ life.", It's about time National Bologna Day got the recognition it deserves., As the long-standing face of the San Antonio Spurs franchise, the notoriously dour Tim Duncan took some time to pen a welcome letter to his newest teammate., Skip Showers for Beef is no joke! Will you take the pledge?, Now a sandwich free agent, Jared Fogle has turned to Craigslist in search of his next job., All these GIFs needed was a little more personality., Simply drag the arrow across the page in either direction to see if you’re on the right side or wrong side of history., Protecting Gotham comes at a price., Ermahgerd, Gersbermps mervie!, Free the nipple icon, Facebook!, With Greece on the edge of financial collapse, President Obama offers an even trade — Florida for Greece., Picture from the NYSE floor of the glitch that brought trading to a halt this morning., The threat is REAL, people!!, Pixar's short 'Lava' has some audiences offended by its sexist overtones. Wait till you see the early prototypes., ICYMI: Hannibal Buress proves beyond a doubt that he is not fit to take over for Jon Stewart., Greece will likely abandon the euro and return to the drachma. Bad idea. Here are six much better options for the new currency., Kenai the grizzly shares his thoughts on "bear-proof" glass and getting off on human fear., A soothing guided meditation to help you deal with the realities of your bullshit life., Reverse psychology can be used for some truly evil shit., Error 404: Coordination not found., Paula Deen tweeted a photo of her and her son dressed as Lucy and Desi, with her son in "brown face." We did a quick Q&A with Paula to explain to her why that is very, very bad., Subway spokesman Jared Fogle had his home raided this morning in a child-pornography investigation. It's not yet clear if he's guilty, but just in case, here are some safer porn options we think he'll dig., Scienceology's new host interviews a brilliant Scottish researcher about his easy-to-understand breakthrough cancer treatment., We crapped them out, now YOU decide!, A collection of Jim Gaffigan’s most noteworthy thoughts on parenting, living in NYC, and, of course, food., What better way to alleviate a crushing debt crisis than partnering with a discount sports retailer offering daily store-wide savings?, Oddball Comedy & Curiosity Festival returns with an army of top comedic talent! Starring Aziz Ansari, with very special guest star Amy Schumer, featuring Tim Minchin, Dave Attell, and many more coming to a city near you.

Tickets on sale July 10., Rob Corddry enlists his drinking buddies as alibis when he recognizes a one-night stand across the bar., Sometimes humanity just leaves you no other options., If you donate the most money to our Indiegogo campaign to rebuild black churches in the South, you will win this horrible flag., When you don't feel like catching up with coworkers after a long weekend., Here are some lesser known shark facts those fat cats on TV don't want you to know., null, Sometimes the best way to conquer stage fright is simply to get off stage as quickly as possible., Celebrate "Shark Week" with the best shark-detective series of all time., Bernie Sanders just had the highest attended political rally this year. Looks like somebody's a little jealous., In this web exclusive, John Oliver shares his takes on 15 hot topics ranging from ostriches to orgies in under a minute., This week's best pics are getting right to the point., For every action there is occasionally a completely unequal and insane overreaction., Good luck keeping a straight face around these links., Fourth of July pro tip: Don't bring a dead wolf to a bbq., From now on, the 5th of July will stand as a testament to one of history's biggest hangovers., These GIFs are shocked by all the attention they're receiving this week, really they are., "G'Day mate" sounds really stupid in a Florida accent., Human garbage Donald Trump is suing Univision after the Spanish-language TV network dropped its coverage of Miss USA and Miss Universe following Trump's racist remarks about Mexican immigrants., After Mike Birbiglia disses him onstage at the Trainwreck Comedy Tour, Judd Apatow uses a fan’s request for a signature as his chance to get even., USA! USA! USA!, With Chris Christie announcing his candidacy and Ted Cruz ruining our childhoods by impersonating Simpsons characters, there is truly no saying just how insane this election season will get., Frankly, getting stuck in a well is the least of Timmy's problems right now., ACA being upheld, gay marriage now a right, the demise of the Confederate flag — how else will the conservative world crumble?, Because freedom, that's why., "Don't you fools understand we're at war?!", In a tersely worded press release a representative for the Human Race severed all ties with Donald Trump and any products from his current or future business holdings., Taylor Swift's crew is growing so fast there's literally no way to know if you're part of it or not until you consult this flowchart., Tennis fans in the Midwest were treated to this weird commercial featuring Will Ferrell as Bagpipes O'Toole peddling scotch-flavored vodka., Stephen Colbert gets some local talk-show practice in before taking over 'The Late Show' this fall., Canada would like to politely remind America that today is its birthday. But hey, there's always next year, eh?, After we've seen so many Twitter Q&As go so wrong, the only thing we want to #AskBobby is "why?", We can't put our finger on it, but there's something very touching about these GIFs., A savvy internet scholar finally calls our bluff., So much for "How do I explain gay marriage to my kids?", Take this quiz to see if you can guess which of these two bullies said each quote!, Bobby Jindal is ready. Are you?, There's a 'Top Gun 2' in the works. And as this email exchange with his agent shows, Tom Cruise has some strong opinions., It's not a get-rich-quick scheme, it's a "become wealthy fastly schematic.", Bold choice for a running mate. Not sure what Pauly D was thinking., Shia LaBeouf vs. Shia LaBeouf in the freestyle rap battle of the century., Not including video games., New Girl's Jake Johnson implores you to help him keep the waters of Lake Michigan clean so the blowjob queens can keep up the good work., The video for "Where Are U Now" features drawings from Justin Bieber fans. Here are some freeze frames you might have missed., Finally an action-packed, gritty reboot starring all your favorite American Girl dolls., EL James opened up her Twitter account for a Q&A about her 'Fifty Shades' trilogy. Whoops., Damn auto-correct., Undisputed greatest of all time., There has to be a law against looking this fabulous., We hit TEN MILLION followers on Twitter! Thanks for being the best fans a website could ask for!, Women in Japan are freaking out over this “sexy” gorilla named Shabani. No wonder he’s on the cover of the latest GQ., Turns out Whole Foods has been overcharging customers with bogus weights on prepackaged food labels. But extra pennies isn’t the only thing they’ve been sneakily stealing at checkout., What can we say, we're gluttons for punishment., The 'Magic Mike' gang is back and hotter than ever! (very NSFW), New York City subways are adorned with various signage showcasing special information, tips, and updates. Here are 10 signs that, for whatever reason, didn't make the cut., This week's best pics will take on anybody who challenges their rightful claim to the title., Now that marriage equality is the law of the land, let John Cage (Peter MacNicol) handle your impending gay divorce., Not addicted to the internet, just allergic to reality., We dug around in our fat wallet of links and pulled out only the most essential items., We're on PopKey! Add our GIFs to your texts and instantly notice an increase in friendships., A lot of people forget that Will Ferrell and Kevin Hart starred in one of the most romantic movies of the year., This week, the president appeared on Marc Maron's podcast, owned a heckler at the White House, and even attempted a set at the Laugh Factory. It didn't go so well., Coheed and Cambria perform a haunting original song using excerpts from Justice Scalia's dissenting opinions on the Affordable Care Act and same-sex marriage., After the Supreme Court's landmark ruling, Funny Or Die News hit the streets to ask the question on every rational person's mind right now., Our market research indicates you will enjoy this picture of a dog with a piece of pizza., Twitter had plenty of wonderful things to say in reaction to the Supreme Court's historic gay marriage ruling. Here are some of our favorites., In honor of today's historic ruling, we're thrilled to post 'Prop 8: The Musical' for the LAST TIME! #MarriageEquality, Jason Schwartzman tells Conan about what happened with the prosthetic junk he wore in 'The Overnight.', Scientists say our planet may be on the brink of a sixth mass extinction, but don’t worry, we humans will explain it to Mother Earth in a way she can understand., This week's best GIFs may not be fair, but they're certainly balanced., These pics were ironic way before it was cool., The NRA is proud of America for focusing 100% of its outrage on the nation's real number-one killer of people: the Confederate flag., Google just promoted "Undo Send" from a Labs feature to an official Gmail setting. Unfortunately, it came too late to prevent these trainwrecks., Dustin Diamond is heading to jail for four months. Netflix has already secured the rights., Counterfeit game is strong with these pics., Marty McFly did not see that one coming., Seth and Amy give a 'Sports Illustrated' reporter who doesn't like women's sports the "Really!?!" treatment., President Obama really shut down this heckler last night., Lindsey Graham may have changed his mind, but plenty of people in South Carolina want to keep the Confederate flag right where it is., The Supreme Court has ruled to uphold Obamacare. But if John Boehner had his way, here's how it would have played out in court., Will Ferrelll gives a special blessing to a surprised couple before they tie the knot on the air in this clip from tonight's The Chris Gethard Show., After P. Diddy got arrested on assault charges for attacking his son's football coach, team parents started brainstorming ways to keep him away from the season-kickoff potluck., Repairs to Buckingham Palace may force the Queen out. But like a true road dog, she's taking it all in stride., Bobby Jindal's bizarre hidden-camera presidential campaign announcement featured a surprisingly candid conversation between him and his family., Nothing worse than some joker showing up for the wedding photos wearing the wrong condom., The biggest one is still pretty small., Sometimes the universe can be a real asshole., ICYMI: Jon Stewart shows how essential Donald Trump is to comedy, if not to anyone else., Tell us how we can make you laugh more. You could win $100!, "You do not talk about Horsing Around Club.", Sad NBC canceled 'Hannibal'? Don't worry, an old eccentric billionaire plans to revive it on the network he runs out of his basement., Margaret Cho and her all-female writing staff flip the script on gender inequality in the entertainment industry., Yes, an electric eel CAN make you cum super, super hard — but there are some risks involved., 'Fox and Friends' anchor Pete Hegseth nailed a bystander with a poorly thrown ax at a Flag Day event. Unfortunately, this was not the first incident for Hegseth., An Australian woman spent four days in the hospital because of her too-tight skinny jeans. But damn, did she look hot!, Don't worry, racists, you can still buy a Ku Klux Klan knife on eBay!, Who would know better what the escaped convicts are going to do next than their own clones? It's a foolproof plan!, Like to laugh at the exploits of the super-rich? Watch Natasha Leggero, Riki Lindhome, and many more in the premiere of 'Another Period' tonight at 10:30/9:30c on Comedy Central., Unprecedented level of bullshit happening in our snack drawer right now., CNN’s Don Lemon went on air and held up a Confederate flag and a sign with the N-word on it and asked if viewers were offended. But he didn't stop there., Take the guesswork out of choosing the next president. Answer these 10 personal questions and we’ll tell you which candidate’s platform aligns with your values. It's that easy!, Wildly inaccurate, incredibly stupid, and downright dangerous. And then there's the ax throwing., In an effort to boost his electability, Bernie Sanders (James Adomian) unleashes his wild side., ICYMI: John Oliver explains why the internet can be a terrifying place for anyone without a "white penis.", The Trainwreck Comedy Tour ended last night. But you can check out our live blog to relive all the wonderful madness here: bit.ly/1GwthnP, Scientists have confirmed we’re on the verge of another mass extinction, and humans are to blame. To better understand our situation, we consulted our resident extinction expert, T. Rex., Aww, it thinks it's businesspeople!, null, hung out with some first time festival-goers at Bonnaroo Music and Arts Festival. they loved it and i loved them. (via Funny Or Die), Apple caved to Taylor Swift's demands in record time. But these emails prove it may have been a PR stunt all along., Barack Obama just made history as the first U.S. president to drop the N-word ... in a justifiable context., Who says there’s an age bias in Hollywood?, This flag of Robert E. Lee banging his horse will fly in our offices as long as the Confederate flag flies at the South Carolina Capitol building., This week’s best pics don’t need to explain themselves to anybody., These 70-somethings have the time of their lives at their first music festival. With Mumford and Sons, Ben Folds, Guster, Bleachers, Dawes, Houndmouth, Ron Funches, and Rubblebucket., These links will do anything for a laugh., DJ Steve Porter takes you on a journey through the Galactic Empire of baby-mama drama., Sadly, there's no new 'Game of Thrones' tomorrow. Ease your loss with these bonus moments from this season's 'Gay of Thrones.', Amy Schumer on the Trainwreck Comedy Tour, Hillary Clinton released a Spotify playlist of her most-beloved songs, but these leaked emails reveal her TRUE favorite tracks., New Twitter account @taylorasemojis proves that Taylor Swift wears her heart on her sleeve and her emotions on her face., The Golden State Warriors win the NBA Championship, Donald Trump announces his run for President, and all the other stories the news shit out this week., All anyone needs is a little motivation., This leaked text exchange proves Brian Williams might not be ready for prime time again after all., Pope Francis isn't waiting around for somebody else to tackle climate change and the trashing of the planet; he's taking matters into his own hands., Dave Attell, Judd Apatow, Colin Quinn, and Mike Birbiglia drop names in the elevator of the world-famous Beacon Theater in New York City., Jon Stewart didn't have any jokes to tell on last night's show following the attacks on the Mother Emanuel Church in Charleston, South Carolina. So he just spoke to us, instead., Happy #NationalKissingDay!, If the Catholic Church can align with scientists on global warming, clearly anything's possible., A 16-year-old writes his stepdad a Happy Father’s Day article that expresses exactly how thrilled he is to have him in his life., Finally we get to see what it's really like inside John Malkovich's head. Turns out it's surprisingly adorable., This week got you all turned around? These GIFs will set you right., Adam Scott and Paul Rudd ruined their friend's wedding in spectacular fashion. But at least it makes for a great story., PornHub wants to raise $3.4 million to make the first porn film ever shot in outer space. But where's all that money going?, There are plenty of career paths at a major TV network for somebody who likes to play fast and loose with the facts., BREAKING: The hackers in the St. Louis Cardinals scandal have finally been identified!, There's going to be a new face on the $10 bill, and Donald Trump has some passionate thoughts on whose it should be., "Shame!", Judd Apatow, Amy Schumer, Dave Attell, and the rest of the Trainwreck cast are on a 7-city comedy tour to raise money for charity. Check out this live blog for more on their road shenanigans., What better way to celebrate Father's Day than with a bloody melee where the last man standing gets crowned "King of Dads"?, Melania Trump wants the comedy world to know that all the mockery aimed at her husband is only making her job worse., Learn to doof on the flame guitar like a pro with these lessons from Mad Max's most iconic character., Show your "support" for Jeb Bush's candidacy with these hilariously ironic logo tees!, Blake Griffin and his Los Angeles Clippers teammates react to owner Steve Ballmer's new (but strangely familiar) logo designs., As a wise man once said, can't someone else do it?, Keanu Reeves is getting sick and tired of people mistaking him for Mark Wahlberg., For the man you’ve known your whole life but know nothing about., Anyone angling for the Republican nom who wants the Religious Right on their side is gonna have to play ball with Ol' J.C., Like shooting fish in a barrel., Leaked pages from 'Game of Thrones' creator George R.R. Martin's diary reveal the real source of his writer's block., The new 'Harry Potter' movie will take place in America, but still star British actors as the leads. To make up for it, J.K. Rowling is making sure the rest of her characters are super American., Harrison Barnes of the Golden State Warriors knows that even NBA champions need a career backup plan., Get ready for the best 100 seconds of your life., The actual playing of basketball was only part of what made this series must-see TV., Adam Scott gets baited into a violent confrontation during a press junket for The Overnight with costars Taylor Schilling, Jason Schwartzman, and Judith Godrèche., Using Caitlyn Jenner's transition to promote yourself sounds exactly like something the characters in this guy's hilarious new web series would do., Bill & Judd at the Trainwreck Comedy Tour, Resistance is futile., Think this cast photo of Lifetime's upcoming 'Unauthorized Full House Story' is unsettling? You haven't seen the half of it., In fairness, who could resist the seductive lure of such overwhelming product placement?, Finally breaking her silence., Take a peek backstage with Judd Apatow, Amy Schumer, Colin Quinn, Dave Attell, and Mike Birbiglia as the Trainwreck Tour gets rolling in Boston., Rachel Dolezal appeared on The Today Show this morning and stated, "I identify as black." In her college application essay, she stated her case even more strongly., Taylor Swift's belly button proves to be the perfect Blank Space for a new internet meme., The latest episode from our science podcast, 'Scienceology,' in which a man is sometimes there but then also not., After the Warriors defeated the Cavaliers Sunday night, LeBron James told the press he’s the best player in the world. He then went on to divulge all the other things he’s the best at., Jonathan recaps the shocking Game of Thrones finale before taking some disheveled new clients to their first Pride party., The raptors from 'Jurassic World' wasted no time hitting up Vegas to celebrate their opening weekend., Cersei Lannister proves it's not easy being a woman in Westeros., Jeb Bush's new campaign slogan is a step in the right direction., Can't handle another beloved character getting killed off on Game of Thrones? That's what HBO is afraid of., Not even Dame Helen Mirren can make "rectal rehydration" sound dignified., Congratulations Steph Curry on another win last night! Now he has the day off to get back to his true passion., Was the season finale it, or is it possible we know nothing about Jon Snow?, Two films where Matt Damon plays an astronaut abandoned on a distant planet? Inevitable mashup material. Any takers?, OK everybody stop talking about 'Game of Thrones' until our writer catches up. Cool? Cool., One of those situations where it's easier to ask forgiveness than permission., Get in here and take a closer look at this week’s best pics., The finale is coming. Brace yourself with this crucial recap of last week's Game of Thrones., The story of how one sexy Jesus taught an orphan girl how to be an assassin., This week’s links reveal their true colors., ICYMI: Chris Pratt gives Conan O'Brien a (much-needed) lesson in how not to overact., null, A man's dream comes true after he finally sees LeBron James' penis. You'll never believe what happens next., Nobel Prize–winning biochemist Tim Hunt said women were bad news in labs because everyone would fall in love with them. This prompted women scientists to tweet their sexiest work photos., What will be this Summer's #1 jam?, We sifted through all the 'Jurassic World' reviews and pulled the most insightful lines from the most prestigious film critics working today., If only Rachel Dolezal had seen this list sooner, this whole mess could have been avoided., The Trainwreck Comedy Tour starts Sunday! Stay tuned for updates from the road with Judd Apatow, Dave Attell, Amy Schumer, and more!

Get your tickets here: crowdrise.com/trainwreck, Two Filipino divers went from perfect zeroes to internet heroes after the amazing video of their massive flops went viral., In honor of Sunday's season finale, we made this homemade intro to Game of Thrones that's every bit as good as the original., Jerry Seinfeld’s “nutty" jokes aren’t PC enough for everyone., Once again, this week's best GIFs are taking the high road., Online banking security questions have officially gotten out of control., The 'Jurassic World' star shows she can cry on command, about anything at all, including hardware., Judd Apatow has always struggled with directing athletes, especially when they're superstars like LeBron James and Tony Romo. Also ft. Bill Hader, Amy Schumer, Kenny Mayne, and Chris Evert., 18 much better events for the 2018 Winter Olympics than the new ones the IOC just proposed., Funny Or Die News is determined to sniff out the elusive marijuana smoker terrorizing The Governors Ball Music Festival., Author Joyce Carol Oates says she was joking about this dinosaur pic. But was she really? Click below to cast your vote., These pics regret nothing ... yet., Are you a gross person who loves to smoke? Then you'll love 'Mister Cigarette,' a brilliant new fake magazine created by a real collective of top-tier NYC comedy writers., She only wants the yellow M&M's., Two women (Lauryn Kahn and Broad City's D'Arcy Carden) battle mounting self-consciousness in pursuit of the perfect selfie., It's best to enjoy these moments while they're still precious/before they're a problem., By far the most baller way to have $8., Giphy COO Adam Leibsohn thinks so. We’re not so sure. Here are seven more GIFs we think are at least as good as 'Girls at a Skrillex Concert.', The new 'Jurassic World' video game looks legit., If you watch nothing else today, watch Cookie Monster flee for his life from a giant prehistoric cookie in this delightful Sesame Street mashup., Who's the media darling now?, Republican presidential candidate and perpetual bachelor Lindsey Graham reveals his official six-point plan to turn the White House into 'The Bachelor.', Disgraced former FIFA President Sepp Blatter shares his progressive opinions about the Women's World Cup., You don't want to get between a rhino and his ranch dressing., Paying off victims of sexual abuse = $3.5 million. Fathoming the scale of evil some people are capable of in terms of how much they're willing to pay to cover it up = priceless., Then again, duping a comedy website into giving you free advertising might not be such a bad plan either., Always watching over us., Another edition of “Can Michael Jordan Palm It?" — your favorite game Michael Jordan plays annually on a golf course., On the latest episode of 'Scienceology,' we meet, of all things, a woman scientist who says she is working on something., Stick of rock-hard bubble gum not included., Before you check out their new movie, The Yes Men Are Revolting, gear up with a look back at the most brazen, hilarious pranks The Yes Men have ever pulled in the name of exposing corporate greed., Sorry, the murderers who escaped from the maximum-security prison in upstate New York are definitely hiding in your bedroom closet waiting to kill you., A man texts with his cat to see if he has the parasite that can cause schizophrenia in humans., You weren't just going to trash all that perfectly good spam, were you?, Performers at The Governors Ball Music Festival ask our reporter all the stupid questions they're sick of answering themselves., In light of the recent altercation between police and a group of unarmed teens at a pool party in McKinney, Texas, the pool rules are getting a much-needed update., Hold onto your Party City Mardi Gras masks, it’s time for another fire-breathing Game of Thrones recap from Jonathan the hairdresser!, A decade after he betrayed the trust of his fellow MLB players by exposing their steroid use, Jose Canseco attempts to apologize., Matthew Dellavedova was a key cog in the Cavs' win over Golden State for Game 2. That almost beat kissing a girl., American Pharoah is in full stud mode after securing the Triple Crown with his win at Belmont Stakes this weekend., Everybody relax, the future is in great hands., The internet exploded in outrage over Stannis Baratheon's shocking decision on last night's 'Game of Thrones.' Dennis Hastert, on the other hand, is a real-life evil piece of garbage., The Spoils Before Dying has arrived. Buckle up!
The Spoils Before Dying starts July 8 at 9 p.m. on IFC., Starbucks is celebrating 20 years of their most popular drink, the Frappuccino! Take our quiz to see how their new flavors will kill you!, John Oliver shows us how the U.S. bail system knocks down those already down and lets the Robert Dursts of the world roam free in our local Walmarts., After a devastating earthquake hit Haiti in 2010, the Red Cross brought in nearly half a billion dollars ... and built six houses. Here's a glimpse into their shocking misallocation of funds., We couldn't wait to strap on Apple's sexy new gadget and take it for a spin. Here are the tantalizing results of our in-depth review., This week's best pics are ready for their solo., Tonight's 'Game of Thrones' promises to be an intense ride. Brace yourself with Jonathan and John Milhiser's recap of last week's action., Groove along with this week's best links., null, These photos prove effort is overrated., SpongeBob as a drug kingpin is something we’ve suspected for awhile. How else can someone who works at a burger joint live in such a nice pineapple under the sea?, Rick Perry has announced his presidential candidacy as well as a new line of glasses., American Pharaoh is trying to win horse racing's first Triple Crown since 1978... and save his own hide., Happy #NationalDonutDay! 🍩 Add "FunnyOrDie" on Snapchat to watch one of us try to eat all of these delicious donuts., Comedian Gil Ozeri (Brooklyn Nine-Nine, Happy Endings) will spend this entire weekend sleeplessly binge-watching all 96 episodes of 'Entourage' before going to see the namesake movie. 

Follow the live stream of this incomparable endurance event featuring co-hosts Adam Pally (The Mindy Project, Happy Endings) and John Gemberling (Broad City, Marry Me), special celebrity guests, live chat, and lots of fun surprises., Watch NBA stars read the most personal fouls they've received on Twitter., Taco Bell is adding alcoholic drinks to its menu this summer, which means you'll no longer have to sneak in your own!, Cooking is so easy! All you need is a kitchen, ingredients… and a team of people to do all the work for you! Watch Brooke Von Weber (Abby Elliott) from Bravo's new scripted comedy Odd Mom Out show you the way., Make lots of plans this weekend then flake on every single one of them! It's one of your many constitutional rights., On last night’s episode of 'The Daily Show,' former correspondent John Hodgman appeared and introduced the first of likely many touching tributes to the show’s host., There's no controlling this week's best GIFs., Easy there, Drama! You almost had an actual thought!, These GIFs are fighters, not lovers. But sometimes they’re not fighters, either., The London Zoo has been heavily criticized for its rowdy late-night events. Instead of ending the parties, all zoos should just rebrand as live-action Rain Forest Cafes., Watch one man artfully portray every 'Entourage' character with the depth and nuance of the original series., Watch Jon Stewart come face-to-face with his face all over a dress., Prepare for the NBA Finals with the deep, riveting analysis you've come to expect from your favorite basketball announcers., Finally, we hear from the bullet's perspective., Key & Peele hilariously illustrate that basketball is a child's game played by insane millionaires and commented on by different insane millionaires., Jeb Bush is speculated to announce his presidential candidacy on June 15, but here are some other possibilities for his cryptic tease., Jerry and Elaine reunite to drive around, get coffee, eat lunch, get more coffee, and discuss their most haunting 'Seinfeld' memories., The NBA Finals start tonight and feature two of basketball's most explosive scorers: LeBron James and Steph Curry. Both stars have a lot of pressure to score a lot of points, so they signed this contract assuring they'll let each other “score a whole bunch.”, If you own a cute little pup, these are things you can DEFINITELY relate to., The difference between elastic limbs and optical illusions is just a matter of perspective., Why does everybody hiking have a cute dog and boyfriend? The answer is too good to be true., The “Free The Nipple” movement aims to let women be topless in public. But men should also have the right to anatomical freedom., Some rules should NEVER be broken., Watch Stephen Colbert groom his face and ruin a perfectly good hot dog in the process., Presidential candidate Mike Huckabee made an insensitive joke about transgender people. It isn’t the first time he's gotten into hot water over insensitive comments about disadvantaged groups. Here are his other quotes about non-straight-white-males., Media outlets have been generally positive and accepting of Caitlyn Jenner's transition. And they've wasted no time treating her like they treat every other American woman., Godzilla was named tourism ambassador and an official resident of Japan. See the touching ceremony and how it will expand the franchise., Dam homophobes, E.L. James announced she will release a new version of her salacious novel ‘Fifty Shades of Grey,’ this time from the perspective of the sexually dominant Christian Grey. Here are some excerpts that show a totally different side of the supposedly confident and mysterious Mr. Grey., Get the very important facts you need to make a very informed decision., Girls Gone Wild creator Joe Francis looks to spice up his fleshy franchise while on the lam in Mexico., Pizza = dogs' best food., Aspiring rapper and Tom Hanks' son Chet Haze has come under fire for his persistent use of the N-word, but says “It’s a word that can be used out of camaraderie and love, not just exclusively for black people.” Here are scenarios where it might be acceptable for Haze to use it., Beware when asking a longtime friend to fill in as a last-minute bridesmaid., Kim and Kanye reveal they're pregnant again in this sneak peek at the new season of Keeping Up with the Kardashians!, During a recent concert, Enrique Iglesias severely sliced his hand while reaching out to grab a drone. This parody song is a tribute to drones and Latin pop stars everywhere, Very cool cat couldn't care less about its owner's creation of a giant Whoopee cushion., Sepp Blatter is resigning as President of FIFA to pursue being a full-time criminal mastermind., Britain is outraged not that a dog won 'Britain's Got Talent,' but that they were duped by said talented dog., After almost four years, Vince and his boys are finally back in 'Entourage: The Movie.' We got our hands on an early draft of the script, complete with notes from the film’s producers., There are countless horror stories of the way women are treated in the film industry, but nothing compares to some of the shocking things men have endured., McDonald’s has sold millions of hamburgers with help from its lovable, burger-stealing character, The Hamburglar. It’s time for Apple to get in on this proven marketing strategy by introducing its own Apple Watch-stealing character, The Watch-Snatchler., The only thing fiercer than this week's 'Game of Thrones' is Jonathan's recap of all the action., These toys are tired of being toyed with. Now it's their turn., The Department of Homeland Security was able to sneak weapons and explosives past TSA checkpoints 95 percent of the time during undercover tests, including one agent who got through a pat-down with a bomb strapped to his back. Here are more ways TSA agents can be fooled., Sofia Coppola will no longer direct 'The Little Mermaid' movie due to creative differences. Here's how it would have turned out., Ever wondered what Jennifer Lawrence, Tilda Swinton, and Gary Oldman will look like in 100 years? Check out these images made with computer-aging software., A self-described “Democratic socialist,” Senator Bernie Sanders of Vermont officially announced his campaign for the Democratic nomination for president. This flowchart will help you decide whether Sanders deserves your vote., John Oliver breaks down FIFA's crumbling integrity with the artistry of a World Cup goal., Shia LaBeouf screaming in front of a green screen is the internet's gift that keeps on giving., Pairing Big Bird with Big Pun’s “Still Not a Player" turns the kid-friendly bird into a dirty dog., Legendary metal band Mastadon guest starred as Wildlings on Game of Thrones and faced brutal deaths. Is this the most metal thing of all time?, These pictures are shockingly hilarious., A guy goes to serious lengths to give his dream girl the most epic promposal ever., Watch Jonathan and Nicole Byer fiercely recap last week's Game of Thrones before tonight's fresh episode., Feast your eyes on this week's best links., Kylie Jenner tweeted about chemtrails and exposed the whole world to some truths it maybe wasn’t ready for. But chemtrails aren’t the only mysterious phenomena we should be asking ourselves important questions about., If you don’t love montages, this is probably not the movie for you. Then again, if you don’t love montages, you’re probably some sort of emotionless robot sent from the future to destroy Earth., null, Neverland Ranch is on the market for $100M! Apparently a mysterious Mr. Macintosh already bought it., It's not clickbait if it's for a good cause., This year's Scripps Spelling Bee featured some unorthodox word-usage examples., Play along at home and record a hit song!, The EXTREMELY NSFW Apple Watch commercial you have to see to believe., The world of super-beings is getting far more diverse. First Spider-Man, now the Human Torch. And while long overdue, it’s only a step in the right direction. The world is ready for a black Slender Man., After winning conference championships, the Cleveland Cavaliers and Golden State Warriors must wait a week for the NBA Finals to begin. We got our hands on their plans for the time off., Framed pictures are just analog Instagram., Advice from the experts on how to keep your guests happy, your home tidy, and your host experience slime-free., Or is it?, These GIFs will bring you to your knees with laughter., Jesse Tyler Ferguson wants you to invite each Supreme Court Justice to preside over your next LGBT wedding., You would like these GIFs when they're angry., Everyone should have a document like this prepared in the event that they die suddenly., Taking notes on weird things your teacher says is way more important than taking notes on what they're actually teaching., Golden State Warrior point guard Steph Curry has the cutest daughter and there's no point in even arguing about it., Pharrell is in everything these days., The only thing worse than paying your landlord is texting with the weirdo., This dog just wants to chill and hang out all day., Nutritious and bootylicious., Jim Bob and Michelle Duggar issue a formal apology for their son Josh’s alleged lapses of Christlike behavior., Judge all you want. We're going to wait for the movie., After a drug based on the herpes virus was found to treat aggressive skin cancer, you're going to see many more Craigslist posts like this one., Amy Schumer defends America's Dad using the sound logic of nostalgia., Before Jenny Lewis was a solo artist or member of Rilo Kiley, she was a child actor starring in such classics as The Golden Girls, Troop Beverly Hills, and The Wizard. Lewis and famous friends poke fun at her past in her new music video for "She's Not Me.", Funny Or Die News hits the streets to get real-world wisdom for this year's graduating class., A guy doing a handstand on a skateboard defends PacSun's upside-down American flag T-shirt., Hardened Horses, Yesterday 14 top FIFA officials were arrested on charges of racketeering, conspiracy, and corruption. That's big-time cinematic drama for an organization designed to organize soccer matches., Mikal Cronin says "enough is enough" when Nick Thune, Jonah Ray, and others get carried away on his "Say" music video shoot., Johnny Depp faces up to 10 years in prison for allegedly smuggling dogs into Australia. But there's one problem: He's far too whimsical for jail., Our writers pitch a few ideas to Walter St. Bernard, but will he fetch?, Is there anything Beyonce can't do?!, Helpful read for anyone looking to have an interesting conversation with a coworker today., Dwight Howard was forced to remain in Houston’s Toyota Center until the floods passed last night. Here are his personal journal entries detailing the events., Fun for the whole family!, Scienceology is our groundbreaking new podcast that explores the miraculous world of science! Expand your mind now with the first episode!, Jonathan walks you through everything you need to know about this week’s Game of Thrones., Nina Dobrev and Nick Braun get you all lathered up for summer with some lotion music., Meanwhile, at the White House..., Watch out, this week's best pics are a real thrill a minute., Know what you’re getting into on tonight’s new Game of Thrones with Jonathan's unvarnished recap of last week’s episode., These links are all killer no filler., President Obama made his own Twitter, ISIS now controls half of Syria, and all the other stories the news shit out this week., Everyone has had that one psycho roommate ... or been one., The Conaco boss harasses his staff and asks them who he should fire., There really is a greeting card for every occasion., After a teacher in Georgia was arrested for letting students have sex in a classroom closet, Funny Or Die News hit the streets to poll strangers on their favorite high school sex spot., A new Tumblr brings 'Mad Men' into the digital age through the modern miracle of GIFs., Considering how many other fuckbois were in the running, it's actually quite an honor., Get ready to dive headfirst into a nice big stack of perfectly prepared GIFs., The hottest baby names of 2015!, Send us your used K-Cups so we can turn them into a gigantic, badass polar bear sculpture. We're not kidding. Let's do this., Going to be pretty disappointed with 'Jurassic World' if a raptor doesn't ride a motorcycle., Get ready to puke your guts out., Yesterday the U.S. released a list of English-language books found on bin Laden’s bookshelf. Here are some of those books., President Obama now has his own Twitter account that he runs himself. It's taking him a little while to get the hang of it, though., In the wake of the all-female 'Ghostbusters' cast announcement, Hollywood is planning several more remakes starring women.

Tune in to Red Nose Day USA on NBC tonight at 8/7c for an exclusive sneak peak of these trailers and more!, Chris Rock, Julia Louis-Dreyfus, Peyton Manning, and more pay tribute to Letterman by zinging him with his own Top Ten format., Nothing is worse than sending an angry email you regret later. Except this. This is much worse., Billy Eichner and Martin Short hit the streets of New York to raise money for Red Nose Day USA, by any means necessary. 

Tune in to NBC tonight at 8/7c for the full star-studded variety show featuring a huge array of actors, comedians, and musicians!, Lassie visited the office today. Naturally, all work came to a screeching halt., In terms of sneaker videos, this one might go down as the G.O.A.T., You can tell these movies aren't real, because none of them feature Ashanti., Bill Murray as Letterman's first guest in 1982 and his final guest last night. Time flies when you're having fun!, You don't want to mess with the Hell's Angels' Dentists., Now that's how you make an entrance., Hey, Boston! Still a few tickets left for the taping of Tig Notaro's HBO special next Sunday!, To give Senator Rand Paul something to read aloud as he filibusters the Patriot Act, our writers composed this epic thriller about Hillary Clinton, a witch doctor, and a whole lotta sex potion., If you fail to do even ONE of these activities, consider your summer completely wasted., Flawless, In retrospect, "bring your drugs to work day" might have been a bad idea after all., From bizarre celebrity interviews to greatest hits like 'Strong Guy, Fat Guy, Genius'  and 'Top Ten,' these are the Letterman gems that made us laugh the most., The Golden State Warriors' Harrison Barnes wants to sharpen his career skills by working at a retail clothing shop, but will he fold under the pressure?, In an alternate universe, 'Mad Men' ended with Don Draper envisioning an entirely different commercial., Summer's just around the corner. Get into it with these super-chill GIFs., How could we have missed it?, Marco Rubio's awkward attempt to tie the 'Mad Men' finale into an endorsement of conservative politics wasn't his first., Ryan M. was sent home from 'The Bachelorette' last night and he'd like to apologize for his inappropriate behavior., We caught up with some of your favorite hoopsters of yesteryear, and what they’re up to now may surprise you!, Our own Alex Richanbach made the amazing film 'We Are Young' and you can get it on iTunes now!, If a hacker can take over an entire jet, clearly a jealous ex could have planted the weird porn this guy's girlfriend found on his computer., From cock merchants to Uncle Kevin, Jonathan the hairdresser guides you through the highs and lows of this week's Game of Thrones., These people know what sells (the junk off their front lawns)., These notes are so eager to call out their coworkers you'd think it's their job., The guitar guy from 'Mad Max: Fury Road' is available for lessons., ICYMI, Louis C.K. closed out SNL’s 40th season by joking about child molesters and how growing up in the ’70s made him mildly racist., The Uber experience can be really hit or miss., Don Draper and Ron Burgundy can't stop crying about the fact that 'Mad Men' is over., Never watched the original 'Mad Max' movies, but have seen the "California Love" video 27 times and figure that basically evens out., There are oodles of tiny life prizes out there waiting to be discovered. Here are 5 maps we found to help guide you to some modern-day riches., You'd think at least one person on set would've caught that., John Oliver makes a predictably hilarious but sadly on-point case against chicken farming, which is bad for farmers and animals alike., Christina Hendricks lands a job in a post–Mad Men–era office and discovers some things haven't changed much since the ’60s., Your path to amusement begins and ends at this week’s best pics., Pregame for tonight's new Game of Thrones with Jonathan and Tess Holliday's on-fleek recap of last week's episode., Each of these links is hilarious on its own, but they’re even better together., Having trouble making polite conversation when you meet someone? Ask them how much money they made last year., These GIFs will have you all, "Wow!" and "Coooool!" and "Guess that's what sports is, huh?!", We remember all the bees that died during the last year, one of the worst years for colony deaths in recent memory., Woodward and Bernstein investigate Don Draper's connection to the 1972 Watergate scandal., Snoop Dogg sells edibles to Jimmy Fallon in this "Real People, Fake Arms" sketch., It's hard to take Vince Vaughn seriously in the new 'True Detective' trailer., The closest we ever will, and probably should, get to an actual 'Seinfeld' reunion., Prom season is upon us. Here are some fun and creative ways to “pop the question.”, Rock on with your bad self., Legendary blues artist B.B. King died yesterday at the age of 89. But his catalog of smokin' hot licks will live forever., Say hello to the new voice of Ned Flanders, Mr. Burns, Otto, and a host of other iconic 'Simpsons' characters., This week’s best GIFs are definitely going to leave an impression on you., Don't feel bad if it takes you a minute to realize where the real action is at in these pics., This op-ed in support of the #dadbod trend was totally written by a girl and not a 31-year-old dude named Brad., Playboy just announced that Dani Mathers is their 2015 Playmate of the Year. But that doesn't mean anything to the guy whose landlord is being a complete a-hole right now., Not usually a fan of spinoffs, but this looks solid., This year’s list of the 50 Most Female Celebrities is finally here! Where does your favorite star rank?, We forced two TV-loving guys to watch every channel in our cable package. Here’s a recap of their harrowing journey., null, Clearly there's already enough ugliness in the world without these signs making it worse., America wants to replace Andrew Jackson with a woman as the new face of the $20 bill, and the Unsinkable Molly Brown thinks you're an idiot if you don't pick her., Just like Michael Bay, those Autobots and Decepticons don’t care which of your cherished memories they destroy in their quest for world domination., Who better to give bullies the tongue-lashing they deserve?, We contacted a few potential contenders for the Nintendo crown to see how they're planning to get ready for the big tournament., Britney Spears and Iggy Azalea have a 'Zoolander' moment in a reimagining of their music video for "Pretty Girls.", Find out which of these potential future ex-husbands has what it takes to go all the way on this season's 'The Bachelorette'!, This is some bullshit. Supergirl has to fight all the same villains but only gets 76% of Superman's costume., Robert Pattinson's 2015 Cannes Film Festival itinerary will give you an idea of just how extravagant time spent at Cannes can be., No one toes the line between endearing and grossly offensive quite like Adam Sandler., David Koechner doesn’t want to pay for all the ice cream he didn't order or parking spaces he didn't use, so why should he pay for all the channels he doesn’t watch?, It's time the art community had a frank discussion about the impossible body standards promoted by Picasso's cubist paintings., The world’s hottest DJs star in CBS’s newest crime drama, 'NCIS: Ibiza.' But can these superstars drop a beat hard enough to crack the case? (Feat. Martin Garrix, Steve Aoki, BRAZZABELLE, Alison Wonderland, Moby, Keys N Krates, Crookers, Borgore, R3hab, Axwell Λ Ingrosso, and more.), All part of Olive Garden's new "Never-ending Obesity" campaign., Time for another round up of those voted "Most Likely To Be Awesome.", Chris Christie spent $82,000 in tax payer money on NFL concessions. But those aren't even his most shocking purchases., After channel 20 TV starts getting real weird real quick., Good news, ladies! Tiger Woods is single again., Plagued by criticism about the NFL's suspension policies, Roger Goodell attempts to clarify his decision to suspend Tom Brady., An interview with the UC San Diego professor who requires his students to take their final exam completely naked., We take to the streets to see how people react to the suspension of a morally corrupt NFL player., Louis C.K. tells Seth Meyers about a time before the internet when even head comedy writers could miss an obscure sexual reference., How To Nail Any Job Interview, Jonathan the hairdresser brings Tess Holliday up to speed on Sunday’s Game of Thrones with a recap that’s anything but boring, gurl., RIP American Idol, You know it's an effective horror movie when it keeps creeping up on you long after you leave the theater., In honor of American Idol’s impressive 15-year run, we tracked down some of the show's past stars to see what they’re up to now., Things didn't go so well when Ja Rule grilled Tom Brady about his suspension., Who needs paid maternity leave when you can get free chicken wings at Hooters on Mother's Day?, Tom Brady's suspension proves cheaters never win. They just get four Super Bowl rings, $150M, and a hot wife. Wait, losing sounds awesome., A card to help you go back to being the disappointment your mother knows and loves., Good news, Game of Thrones fans, Stannis Baratheon is now the one true king ... of your heart., Tanlines take their game to new heights in their music video for "Pieces.", This week's best pics are head and shoulders above anything else you'll find on the internet this week., Ever wonder where all those unwatchable internet videos and obscure cable TV shows go to die? The truth will shock you., Two comedians are midway through a mind-numbing marathon of watching every cable TV channel in one day with no breaks. Follow this live blog of their entire insane journey., The verdict is in: Last week’s Game of Thrones was on fire! Let Jonathan and Missi Pyle reignite the flame before tonight’s new episode., Two of our funniest friends are spending the whole day watching every channel on cable TV with no breaks. Follow their idiotically noble journey here., These links are willing to do literally anything for a laugh., No doubt they feel the same about you., Like a self-driving truck with an appetite for destruction, this week’s news was unstoppable. Here are all the week’s top stories, shit out in one place., The Yes Men embark on their latest quest to expose corporate crimes, save the planet, and punk the media with hilarious stunts that blur the line between activism and straight-up comedy., Well, there goes the rest of our childhood innocence., If you can’t pronounce it, you shouldn’t eat it. Period. Unless you just suck at reading., These new plastic surgery bundles let you pay for exactly what you want, plus a bunch of extra crap you don't! It's win-win!, Conan experiences the biggest frustration of fantasy gamers everywhere in his latest "Clueless Gamer" segment., Microsoft made a site that guesses your age from a photo. We made a much better site that guesses your name. Give it a try!, Finish this week in style with some truly kickass GIFs., "In this game it's evolve or die.", The tree was angry that day, my friends., It would be a huge mistake if you didn't give these pics the attention they deserve., Everyone’s favorite 8-bit puzzle game brought to life by the sheer power of idiocy., You might pay a little more but it's totally worth it., These damning text messages pretty much confirm Tom Brady's guilt in #Deflategate., Follow one man's chemically enhanced journey of self-expression., Highlights from the least-Cribs-iest MTV 'Cribs' episode ever — the infamous tour of Redman's dilapidated Staten Island duplex., Is this the work of one crazed Maroon 5 fan with an insatiable sweet tooth, or something far more sinister?, The world would be a much funnier place if every kid lived in a constant state of fear., The subscription music service Tidal is getting a lot of bad buzz, but this commercial finally sets the record straight., Who wore it better?, Business in the front, party in the back, Some earlier, even more folksy-sounding titles for Mike Huckabee's latest book., The latest #Deflategate report only restates what Bill Nye The Science Guy already proved … with science!, Why does the new Hamburglar look like Blankman's second sidekick?, We're on PopKey! Now you can use our GIFs to show your friends how you really feel: http://apple.co/1P1D92V, With Tom Brady now officially implicated in #Deflategate and the NFL officially incapable of doling out appropriate penalties, here are some suggestions for punishing the star quarterback., Mariah Carey shares her Frito Pie recipe and reveals the true meaning behind the lyrics to her new single, "Infinity.", The sexually transmitted infection currently ravaging a West Texas high school speaks out in favor or abstinence-only sex ed., After Chipotle revealed their recipe for guacamole, Arby's explains how to make Horsey Sauce. It's actually pretty complicated., After a restroom run-in, the bird and the bee challenges Simon Helberg and Patton Oswalt to dance or get off the pot., Looks like the Tony Hawk Pro Skater franchise is grinding its way into some bizarre new conceptual territory., Artist Neil Cicierega creates delightful Scholastic book covers that, honestly, just wish you would die., Most know Ellen Albertini Dow, who passed away yesterday at 101 years old, as the rapping granny from 'The Wedding Singer.' In fact, you can find her all over Adam Sandler's filmography., We turned one of our conference rooms into a giant ball pit. One of our writers used it to reenact some classic movie scenes in GIF form., Sombrero wearer and presumed Cinco de Mayo expert Brendan helps add some context to today’s festivities., $2 margaritas are not a good deal when you have to pay an additional $300 to clean the backseat of a Prius., An interview with James Marsden and Kathryn Hahn for their upcoming film ‘The D Train’ gets derailed when Marsden accidentally reveals a shocking detail about his past., He's still got it!, Too real., From Game of Thrones' Faith Militant to Apple employees, forehead carvings have long been the identifier of choice for fervent extremists everywhere., Ass is so hot right now., Jonathan and Missi Pyle recap the latest developments in Westeros, including Blonde Cher's power moves, Brother D's newfound defenses, and the fate of Baby Barack., Trick shot artist hijosh pulls off some incredible feats, but you'd never know it from the look on his face., This guy went to see the new Avengers movie with his dad and left feeling very confused and alone. All he wants is some answers., Tragically, young black men seem to keep getting killed by law enforcement in this country, so Funny Or Die News made a reusable reaction video for each new incidence of police brutality., Awful person and big-game hunter Reginald Tuttlebloom thinks elephants who flaunt their sexy tusks are asking for it., Just a happy little Mad Max parody to put a smile on your face., Sarah Jessica Parker wore the fire emoji to the #MetGala. 🔥🔥🔥, Charlotte Elizabeth Diana is nice, but every single one of these names is much, much better., Scarlett Johansson hosts an episode of SNL that imagines what it might look like if Marvel gave Black Widow her own movie., #MayThe4thBeWithYou, Viral stars whose videos once ruled the web speak out about the new video app that destroyed their careers., #MayThe4thBeWithYou, Relive the "excitement" of the 12-round Mayweather vs. Pacquiao hugfest in 8-bit form., This week's best pics know how to hit you where it hurts., Maika Monroe, Danny Zovatto, and Keir Gilchrist reprise their roles in 'It Follows' to take the horror film's plot to its natural conclusion., Let Jonathan catch you up on all the deliciously dirty dealings of the Westerosi before tonight’s new Game of Thrones!, This week’s best links have all the makings of a superhero saga., null, Manny Pacquiao finally fights Floyd Mayweather tomorrow, but his pro wrestling career almost kept it from happening at all., The Funny Or Die News team made a reusable video for man on the street reactions to police brutality., We got 60,000 balls delivered to the office and built two ball pits. It's been a great week., These aren't the movies Gotham needs or deserves., Game of Thrones' Emilia Clarke shared a pic of herself laughing at Kristen Wiig as Khaleesi on 'The Tonight Show.' The internet's meme elves immediately got to work., Here are the transcripts of what Roger Goodell whispered to some of the top round-one draft picks in Chicago last night., Tesla CEO Elon Musk got a really weird result from Microsoft's #HowOldRobot when it tried to guess his age., This week's best GIFs aren't afraid to make an ass of themselves for your amusement., Resistance was futile., Last week over a dozen Native American extras walked off the set of Adam Sandler’s new film, 'The Ridiculous Seven.' These leaked documents make it clear why., Think the new synthetic drug Flakka is bad? Wait till you check out these other terrifying designer highs., We talk to Geraldo Rivera's shit-eating-grin coach about his performance during a recent on-camera confrontation with a protestor in Baltimore., #Dadbod is officially in right now. Salute to one of the original pioneers., Obvious Game of Thrones nut Kristen Wiig stops by 'The Tonight Show' with her dragon, Karl, and out-giggles Jimmy Fallon., An email conversation between the Avengers and Nick Fury in which they collectively agree that Hawkeye, while pretty great at the bow and arrow, shouldn't be included in their superhero team., Counting down the days until Robert Durst takes over 'The Late Show'! http://bit.ly/1GL6JFx, Sick skate video features some insane tricks and one guy who is definitely NOT an undercover cop., What would you do with $86 million?, Two hard-partying YouTube fashionistas pass out at Coachella and wake up a week later at the Stagecoach Festival to a lot more cowboy hats and a lot less Drake., These pics found the sweet spot and it's right here., Attractive men have it all. Just not the sympathy of these hideously ugly dudes., iFail, The best thing about these clips is that, "like your mama, they’re for free and everybody knows it.”, Animal Fact Of The Day, His heroic efforts make the townsfolk swell with civic pride., Gordon Ramsay is totally against cannibalism. With that in mind, here’s his favorite way to prepare “pork tenderloin.”, Apparently one Baltimore hot dog vendor didn’t get the memo about today’s Orioles/White Sox game.

Click below for his reaction., Marvel should send the actors from 'Avengers 2' in costume to Baltimore to calm things down. Nobody is throwing shit at Iron Man., Good thing no one's actually trying to get news from the news anymore., This parody Twitter account says what we're all thinking about Jay Z's newest "global" business venture., Save the date!, The Prancing Elites, a gay and gender non-conforming dance team, attempt to end California's drought with a fabulously choreographed "rain prance.", These GIFs just can't get enough of that #huglife., The secretive street artist Banksy is taking open submissions for collaborators! Our writers get the ball rolling with some submissions of their own., Enemy. Lover. Whatever. As long as we’re gettin’ off with some ashes., Incredible video!! iPhone footage of a hawk stealing a guy's Apple Watch he just bought from the Apple Store!, Don't let something stupid like your job stop you from living life to its fullest., Two security guards on a mission at the Tortuga Music Festival grill Chase Rice, Frankie Ballard, and Brooke Eden on the whereabouts of the elusive "Wet Willy.", Wise words from Ray Lewis., With the 'Jurassic World' premiere only seven weeks away, Funny Or Die writer Mike Scollins tries to beat the ticket rush., Exclusive behind-the-scenes footage and hilarious bloopers from our action-packed shoot with Sean Combs and Byung-Hun Lee!, We want to believe., This car gives you wings! Also a sticky interior, a rebuilt engine, and a broken stereo that only plays The Beatles’ “Wild Honey Pie” on repeat., Relive the exploits of Baby Kristen Stewart, Blonde Cher, Munch-Munch, and the rest of the Game of Thrones crew in Jonathan the hairdresser’s latest episode recap!, An NBC investigation found 11 instances where Brian Williams apparently stretched the truth in his reporting. Here are 21 more., Institutional racism, climate change, our broken education system — it can all be traced back to this awful, awful couple., How is it that Apple just released a computer you wear on your wrist yet we’re all still stuck doing that lame rabbit guy when it comes to shadow puppets?!, null, As the Supreme Court prepares to tackle the constitutionality of state bans on same-sex marriage, we take a look at Love's odds of winning this latest battle., Stephen Hawking says there's an alternate universe where Zayn is still in One Direction. Also one where people don't ask him dumb questions., Who says presidents are the only ones worthy of carving into the side of a mountain?, In anticipation of hosting this year's The Webby Awards, Hannibal Buress joins the masked members of Anonymous to host the much shadier Deep Webbys., This week's best pics are here to impart valuable life advice., Sean Combs and Byung-Hun Lee must swap faces and rush to rescue the Korean ambassador's daughter in the most anticipated double sequel of this blockbuster season., It's on! Click here for the live stream and get ready for an insane night of comedy, music, and weirdness that’s unlike anything you’ve ever seen: www.funnyordie.com/irl, Before you dig into tonight's Game of Thrones, watch Jonathan the hairdresser and Timothy Simons tease out last week's highlights!, Join us tonight at 8 p.m. PST for IRL2, a live-streaming variety show where any funny/cool/weird thing can happen. You don’t want to miss this! 

http://www.funnyordie.com/irl, This week's best links have comedy written all over them., Google Maps Street View has captured definitive evidence of the famed Loch Ness Monster — and it's surprisingly NSFW., via Funny Or Die News

Alabama Senate Committee passes a law allowing medical marijuana, Netflix revives Full House, plus all the other stories shit out the week of April 20th., This press release from the CEO of Dallas' new "Hooters but with men" restaurant explains why America needs this right now., Some kids learn a lot more than they wanted to on Take Your Child To Work Day., YouTube’s flagship genre has come a long way since this boy brought his camera to the zoo and made a dick joke about elephants., Never too early to start planning for next year's taxes., Reginald the Google bot has had it up to here with your inconsiderate, non-proofreading, lazy asses., Join us Sunday for IRL2, a live-streaming variety show where any funny/cool/weird thing can happen. Stay tuned for more!, Happiness isn't all about warm cheese baths and being blonde, but it's mostly about that., Spring cleaning doesn't have to be a chore. Here are some handy tips and tricks to make it easy and fun!, Jillian Rose Reed takes some extreme measures to get her lips as plump as Kylie Jenner's., This week's best GIFs just want you to take their art seriously., Timothy Simons ('Veep') brushes up on his politically correct conversational skills in preparation for the White House Correspondents' Dinner., A horny teen takes issue with the claim that e-cigarette makers are marketing to teens., At least now we know what happened to all the Blackberry users., Ever wonder how People Magazine ranks women's beauty? We got our hands on their scorecard, and it explains a lot., Robert Downey Jr. is not impressed with Waka Flocka Flame's campaign platform., The Lord asks His flock for more web traffic., Let’s face it — the news is often harsh and scary, so why not give yourself a reason to smile while you read it?

Click here to download the new Funny Or Die News Flash app: http://bit.ly/1HwdBFd, You can't choose your parents, but you can choose to hide their slave-collecting "hobby" from the public as long as possible., If you really love the news, you're going to be all over these pics., Sometimes it takes a dog to do a man's job., Introducing the new Funny Or Die News Flash app! Today’s top headlines laced with humor: http://bit.ly/1HwdBFd, Feel the same way about mine carts., Yet another excuse to stay in the shower longer., Don Cheadle's Captain Planet shows what a real hardcore environmentalist looks like., God is finally ready to give humans the boot and is trying to attract some nice responsible tenants for Earth., With the Clinton campaign trying to raise $100 million, it's only fair you see exactly how each one of those dollars will be spent., We support Waka Flocka Flame's 2016 presidential run., A dinosaur expert confirms what we've long suspected: A real Jurassic Park is inevitable and should be here any day now., The news about global warming just keeps getting worse. But nobody could have foreseen this., One woman's quest to push Bed, Bath & Beyond's famously generous return policy to the breaking point., Happy Earth Day! Celebrate with these hilarious memes from Here Now so you can laugh to keep from crying. #ClimateChangeIsReal., If you thought ESPN reporter Britt McHenry's cruel verbal assault on a parking clerk was cringeworthy, wait till you see this leaked footage of David Spade's recent freak out., Everything you need to know about Coachella 2015 fashion., Apparently not everyone remembers 'Full House' the same way., The Webby Awards are back, and we've been nominated!

Click here to vote for us as best Humor website. We'd do the same for you: http://bit.ly/1JrNrlS, Meet the people who have made absolutely no impact in the last year., Fun nutrition fact: You can eat cookies all day for every meal. Literally nothing stopping you from doing this., Probably safe to say the Olsen twins will not be appearing on 'Fuller House.', Chaz Griggs teaches you his INCREDIBLE CAREER-BOOSTING TECHNIQUE that has the power to change your life TODAY., The tourism board of Missouri highlights all the fun things you can do in their beautiful, racist state., Timothy Simons ('Veep') visits Jonathan's salon to gab about Sunday's Game of Thrones, try out his Liam Neeson impression, and learn some new vernacular., ICYMI: Our NYC office spent all day celebrating 4/20 and writing articles. Here's the live blog., Your crazy aunt wants you to know the truth about "green cocaine.", Don’t forget to share with your friends., Do you like science-y stuff? Then these videos will blow your mind. Go look them up immediately. Seriously, that's on you because our writer was too high to include links. Sorry about that., Updates from our NYC office: They built a fort (Fort:20) and ordered a petting zoo. Things are getting weird: http://bit.ly/1ElyaFm, This guy is new to smoking weed and new to NYC, which might explain why his plan to buy weed from a stranger in a park did not go as expected., Smoke day every weed. #Happy420, The guy who didn't want to write drunk on St. Patrick's Day also doesn't want to write stoned today. But duty calls., Our NYC office is celebrating 4/20 by (definitely NOT) getting high and writing articles. You can follow the day’s “progress” here., This week's best pics would like to have a word with you in private. Like, right now., In honor of 4/20, Tommy Chong and some friends got high. Then we tried to scare them. These are the results., Don't even try to watch tonight's Game of Thrones without Jonathan the hairdresser's crucial recap of last week's episode!, The Webby Awards are back, and we've been nominated!

Click here to vote for 'Between Two Ferns with Zach Galifianakis: President Barack Obama' as best Public Service & Activism video: http://bit.ly/1Eh8FVA, The Force is strong in this week's best links., The Webby Awards are back, and we've been nominated!

Click here to vote for 'TV on the Radio “Happy Idiot” feat. Paul Reubens and Karen Gillan' as best Music Video: http://bit.ly/1G4oHTh, Russia has lifted a ban on sending missiles to Iran, Tennessee names the Bible as its state book, and everything else the news shit out this week., Don’t ever let people tell you that being lazy is a bad thing., Aaron Hernandez is already proving to be a hot prospect for several prison gangs, and is expected to be drafted quickly., Congress admits that, while highly illegal and dangerous, that gyrocopter landing on the Capitol lawn was freakin' awesome., The Webby Awards are back, and we've been nominated!

Click here to vote for 'Mary Poppins Quits with Kristen Bell' as Best Individual Performance: http://bit.ly/1DsUhpI, We asked the world's best sketch groups to play around in our lab, push boundaries, and get weird with long-form content. Big Grande shows us how it's done., The timing is critical., We’re glad the Clippers are in the Playoffs, otherwise Blake Griffin might come to us looking for another internship. 

Click here for more FOD basketball videos: http://bit.ly/1HgnVB2, The world's only remaining male northern white rhino comes out of the closet., After a long week, all these GIFs want is a couple of soft pillows and a place to crash., Taking a sexy selfie isn't always easy. Sometimes you need to bring in the big guns., After eight years, the missing script pages from the final scene of 'The Sopranos' have been uncovered. We're finally ready to learn Tony's fate., The reviews are in..., Here's our prediction of what will happen when Reddit's mysterious "the button" finally gets to zero., The Webby Awards are back, and we've been nominated!

Click here to vote for 'Kevin Hart Is Not A Baby' as best Short Form Online Video: http://bit.ly/1cAvK9C, Hollywood is already making movie adaptations about the worst couple of all time: Justin Bieber and Kendall Jenner., Chewbacca and Han Solo are starting to show their age in the new Star Wars trailer., Happy #NationalHighFiveDay! Celebrate with this classic FOD tribute starring Will Ferrell, Tim Meadows, Ryan Seacrest, and more!, Nothing goes better with steak and shrimp than FREEDOM., You can't argue with concrete logic., Global do-gooders XPRIZE Foundation are calling for an open-source app that can teach the world to read, write, and do basic math. They're awarding $15 million to the team that registers by April 30th and does it best., Fact: You are now thinking about couscous., As long as there have been cameras there have been clueless narcissists turning tragedies into selfie opportunities., Well, that was fun., Columnist Richard McRupt thinks forgiving student loan debt would be the most hilarious prank the rich could pull on the poor., Tired of your job or school? Take a Tax Break! It's just like Spring Break only more paperwork, less tequila, and it's legally mandated!, The Webby Awards are back, and we've been nominated!

Click here to vote for '10 Hours Of Walking In NYC As A Man' for Best Writing: http://bit.ly/1CPDObz, Roger Goodell is stern but fair.

(made by @fuckjerry): https://instagram.com/fuckjerry, Instead of spending today doing your taxes like a chump, David the DIY Guy shows you how to make a fun tax day pie!, The internet has been having some fun with a new font based on Hillary Clinton's campaign logo., The truth behind Dennis Quaid’s infamous on-set meltdown is finally revealed., These GIFs jump straight out of your computer and directly into your face., Ed Begley Jr. helps introduce a radical new treatment that promises to cure those afflicted with Climate Change Denial Disorder (CCDD)., Mischa Barton had a little wardrobe malfunction at a recent film screening. Martin Sheen didn’t let it slip by unnoticed., That awkward moment when you quit your job in a blaze of glory only to realize a $1,000 tax refund isn’t enough to live on after all., Looks like a run for the presidency wasn't the only big news Hillary Clinton was waiting to share., This marionette drummer takes RUSH's "Tom Sawyer" in mean, mean stride., The Webby Awards are back, and we've been nominated!

Click here to vote for us to win Social: Humor. We'll love you forever: http://bit.ly/1ati8eD, Funny Or Die News hits the streets to ask the question that's occupying legislators' plates in Missouri and other states right now: "What should poor people be allowed to eat?", 15 photoshops that prove Steve Harvey's head can make everything in life seem that much sweeter., Get this: Queen of Pretentiousness Gwyneth Paltrow now wants "poor kids to have enough to eat." What a bitch., The junior senator from Vermont and presumed underdog presidential candidate envisions an America where free ice cream cones aren’t just a once-a-year phenomenon., Jonathan the hairdresser and Dave Holmes recap Sunday’s Game of Thrones season premiere with vague references and confusing plot summaries that aren’t really spoilers!, Madonna shared a special moment with Drake at Coachella. Here's the missed connections post she put on Craigslist afterwards., The worst part is it happened recently, and Mark Wahlberg wasn't even there., The Webby Awards are back, and we've been nominated! 

Click here to vote for 'Between Two Ferns with Zach Galifianakis: President Barack Obama' as best Long Form or Series: http://bit.ly/1NAgNos, Michael Scott was not too thrilled about Madonna kissing Drake at Coachella., California is in the midst of a historic drought. Here’s everything you need to know., While Dove asked women to choose if they saw themselves as "average" or "beautiful," men faced an even bigger dilemma., One Line Movie Review: 'The Longest Ride', For a mere $2,000 campaign contribution, this ill-tempered but still-lovable Rand Paul Shetland pony could be yours., This week’s best pics are sending a strong message to the competition., A Hillary Clinton campaign staffer (Missi Pyle) addresses some of the media's biggest concerns about her candidacy., If you liked Danny McBride in Your Highness, you'll love him in Game of Thrones., These pics are just "looking out" for your "well being.", Today is our 8th birthday! Here's the video that started it all., This week's best links have revealed too much already., All the stomach-turning news from this week made more palatable with a heaping side of humor., “When his friends were out having fun at birthday parties and play dates, Mason would be at home reviewing the lesser known verses to ‘Wheels on the Bus’ with his mother and I.”, Two guys jealous of their wives' personal trainer decide to teach him a lesson he'll never forget (featuring Natasha Leggero and Lauren Lapkus)., null, Game of Thrones is getting the Saturday morning cartoon treatment — complete with animated killing and nudity., The gift that keeps on giving., null, Even incestuous Game of Thrones twins Jamie and Cersei Lannister celebrate National Siblings Day!, Meanwhile, at the White House..., Evidence continues to mount that the Smith children are not of this world., Zayn Malik's exit from One Direction gave Justin Bieber the opening he was waiting for to try to resuscitate his career., As part of Michelle Obama's #GimmeFive campaign, Funny Or Die shows you five ways to trick yourself into drinking more water., Like Daenerys from the ashes, Jonathan the hairdresser is reborn after a brush with death and ready to recap Season 5 of Game of Thrones., Let this week's best GIFs help you find your happy place., Lu Lu the panda is on a personal mission to bring panda bears back from the brink of extinction., Tig Notaro calls bullshit on Jon Dore's Goldilocks story., Now what are we supposed to put on pita chips?, Aasif (Aasif Mandvi) helps his son run for class president with a little help from The Daily Show's Samantha Bee and Black Thought from The Roots., From Funny Or Die News:

Is there nothing airport security won't confiscate?, Aasif (Aasif Mandvi) invites his daughter's bully over to try to teach her a very specific lesson about the dangers of Islamophobia., Rob Gronkowski stopped by yesterday. He was not too thrilled with this guy's shirt., Aasif (Aasif Mandvi) terrifies the neighbors by playing up Muslim stereotypes in an attempt to win the neighborhood Halloween competition., It seems like everywhere you look on the internet these days it's just pictures of kids killing their stepdads. What gives?!, In the premiere of The Daily Show star Aasif Mandvi's new web series, Aasif becomes suspicious that his new Muslim friend (The Daily Show's Jordan Klepper) might be an FBI informant., These animals have no appreciation for art., This vintage sex-ed film was way ahead of its time., After 112 years of exile with all the other imaginary loser animals, the Brontosaurus is stoked science finally came around., The emojis in iOS 8.3 have different skin tones! We did it, guys! Racism is officially over. Everyone take a half day. Great job all around., Louis C.K. reminds Jimmy Fallon of the time he auditioned for 'The Dana Carvey Show' and didn't make it., Truth., You thought this sort of comedy was beneath you, BUTT you were wrong., There are a lot of ways to have fun at Coachella. Here are none of them., Maya Angelou’s new commemorative stamp features a quote that’s not hers. But it’s not as bad as some of the other stamps the USPS was considering., Rand Paul's "Jew for Rand" image ignited controversy, but it's nothing compared to these other blatantly offensive and oddly specific avatars., Out of respect, we’re not embedding Kate Upton’s unauthorized bikini-dance video in this article — just screen shots, GIFs, and links., A gamer experiences an existential crisis when he encounters the dark and powerful forces hidden beneath the surface of Settlers Of Catan., Helpful chart comparing Rand Paul to Sean Paul., Don Draper probably sold about as many condoms as he used., The killer whale star of 'Blackfish' responds to Sea World's smear campaign against activist and former trainer John Hargrove, who said the N-word while drunk five years ago., What better way to celebrate #NationalBeerDay than with a fine, handcrafted tipple from one of America’s finest small-batch breweries?, There are no words for how badly these titles miss the mark., Step 1. Never allow the suspect (you) to tamper with the potential crime scene (also you). Only allow your belly to be touched by men and Republicans., Honestly don't know the difference between Rand Paul, Ron Paul, and the third Ninja Turtles movie., For when you have so much you want to say, but so few fingers to say it with., We want to come clean, before these tweets are dug up and used against us., Broken Lizard gets proper police training in anticipation of 'Super Troopers 2.', There goes the neighborhood., Animal Fact Of The Day

Click here to see more Animal Facts: http://bit.ly/1y1mRzj, A guy who REALLY wants to have a drink right now recaps the booziest show on television., With legal weed gaining traction in swing states, some potential GOP presidential candidates are rethinking their hardline stance., Edward Snowden is having a hard time getting in the #OpeningDay spirit in Russia., Some pieces of fatherly advice are more inspiring than others., The retro mashup you didn’t even know you were waiting for is finally here., Can't believe they cut this line from #Furious7., Silicon Valley stars Thomas Middleditch, Kumail Nanjiani, Martin Starr, and Zach Woods crack open their fan mail and make some disturbing discoveries., John Oliver flew to Russia to talk to NSA whistleblower Edward Snowden about dick pics and other topics critical to a free society., In an attempt at transparency, the Church of Scientology screens the HBO documentary 'Going Clear' for its members — with a few minor edits., This week's best pics are straight up off the rails., This week's best links want you to know Large Marge sent them., Happy Easter! Don't forget what today is REALLY about. Jesus and bunnies and chocolate and eggs — wait, wtf is today really about?, Get a load of all the shit that happened this week., Archer’s Amber Nash is part of an ill-fated moving crew that jokes about swapping places with a family, until the jokes turn real. Too real., This Sunday is the Easter Bunny's moment in the spotlight. But with stardom comes increased scrutiny of his social media presence., This week's best GIFs are entirely without shame., Livin' the dream., Fast, convenient refills of your favorite recreational street drugs, anytime, anywhere., Indiana's new religious freedom law makes for some pretty uncomfortable home shopping., Billy Eichner and David Letterman hit the streets of NYC. Now available in GIF form!, All 300+ of the internet’s shortest videos together in one insane long one. #Dips, Meanwhile, at the White House..., All your favorite modern shows and movies now available on home video., Hold onto your fedoras, this season promises to be a wild ride., Jay Z said his new streaming-music service would "change the course of history." He's right. The future of the Earth depends on it., OK, in hindsight maybe 1.5-second videos are not the game-changer we thought they'd be. Sorry everyone., Billy Eichner takes David Letterman out of his comfort zone and into the streets for a rare excursion outside the Ed Sullivan Theater., Thanks for another incredible year! Let's celebrate by watching other people's New Year's resolutions end in spectacular failure.

Enjoy more Best of Funny Or Die 2014! http://bit.ly/1HbsUlq, Comcast doesn't give a f*ck, but we do. That's why we're bringing you this Best of Funny Or Die 2014 playlist, no strings attached: http://bit.ly/1HbsUlq

Happy New Year!, We learned lots of new things this year, like how 'Grease' is a terrible movie with a terrible message and should never have been made.

Enjoy more Best of Funny Or Die 2014! http://bit.ly/1HbsUlq, Ellen Page and Kate Mara star in the 'True Detective'–inspired roles they were born to play.

Enjoy more Best of Funny Or Die 2014! http://bit.ly/1HbsUlq, Explore the “other” cosmos in a magical church minivan with ‘Veep’ star Timothy Simons and learn the one simple answer to everything.

Enjoy more Best of Funny Or Die 2014! http://bit.ly/1HbsUlq, Dads everywhere agree this lineup looks sick!

Enjoy more Best of Funny Or Die 2014! http://bit.ly/1HbsUlq, LeVar Burton is back and ready to unleash the full, terrifying potential of Reading Rainbow’s “go anywhere, be anything” message.

Enjoy more Best of Funny Or Die 2014! http://bit.ly/1HbsUlq, Will Ferrell battled Red Hot Chili Peppers drummer Chad Smith and we all won.

Enjoy more Best of Funny Or Die 2014! http://bit.ly/1HbsUlq, A friendly reminder from your favorite mom., Looking for the best 2014 had to offer? This trailer for Sofia Coppola's live-action adaptation of 'The Little Mermaid' starring AnnaSophia Robb and Evan Peters is an excellent place to start.

Check out our "Best of 2014" playlist for more: http://bit.ly/1HbsUlq, Merry Christmas!, Merry Christmas!, The forgotten Biblical tale of the inn keeper who turned away Mary and Joseph, forcing baby Jesus to be born in a manger.

See more great holiday videos here: http://bit.ly/1t2u3sE, Happy Hanukkah!, Santa and Bleebo try a risky new technique to raise money for the holidays.

See more great holiday videos here: http://bit.ly/1t2u3sE, Every year millions of trees are massacred. But this year, one tree is taking a stand., A musical ode to calling Saul., Christmas Eve is always hell on the old man. And it shows., This year’s most prominent movers and shakers want you to know they’re thinking of you, each in their own special way., The King of Jolliness and the Prince of Darkness go toe-to-hoof in the battle for 2014's soul., Dinner-table talk about what constitutes “murder” can have everyone seeing red around the holidays. Here’s how to cool things down., Funny Or Die News Daily Brief: Kate Upton, Try not to freak out, but here are the best GIFs of the year., It's easier to count the celebrities that weren't there for The Colbert Report's final act., Fabolous drops his new heartfelt anti-Christmas rap anthem right in Santa’s fat red lap., The host of a science program decides to end the show with a big bang. (NSFW), Gather 'round, ya filthy animals. It's feedin' time., Your best defense against those awkward holiday dinner conversations., On the eve of The Colbert Report's final episode, we look back at a few of the priceless moments that defined the show., Ben Stiller, Owen Wilson, Ricky Gervais, Rebel Wilson, and Dan Stevens sit down with the exceedingly weird Andre Hyland., What’s better than having the brains behind Anchorman 1 & 2, Step Brothers, and Talladega Nights write a movie about your life? How about doing it all for charity?

Place your bid now. The auction closes soon! http://bit.ly/13gZPpz, Santa discovers morality isn’t always as simple as Naughty or Nice., Christmas means different things to different people, but these pics will put a smile on anyone's face., Ringo didn't know he was inducted to the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame when he wrote them this "angry" letter outlining his qualifications., Somewhere, a movie theater owner is frantically scribbling a terrorist threat against the 'Annie' remake so they can opt out of that too., Unless you've seen the uncut version of How The Grinch Stole Christmas, you couldn't hope to know what The Grinch's dick looks like., From Funny Or Die News:

A fake assassination leads to real fears of getting blown up in a movie theater. As if the news wasn't depressing enough already., It’s a comedy countdown to Christmas with a new funny for every day till December 25th., Robo-sharks with fricken' laser beams. Coming soon to an ocean near you., The podcast sensation of the year reaches its gripping climax as Sarah Koenig explains how it all ends., Because, obviously, they'll be working overtime., From Funny Or Die News:

So what if that high school kid was lying about making $72 million trading stocks on his lunch break. Got you to click, didn't it?, Apple should come out with an iPhone 6 Plus PLUS that's just a 32-inch flatscreen TV you carry around in a wagon., Lots of things can keep you from a meeting. Most of them you probably shouldn't share on a conference call., Gun control can be a touchy subject around your parents. Here's how to handle it., What ever happened to the stars of everyone's favorite Christmas movie?, Do you know where that karaoke mic has been?, Dissecting the many-layered beast that is the office holiday party., Ever wanted to know what it's really like to be the opposite sex? Be careful what you wish for., Two seconds after this picture was taken, Juicy J rolled our Christmas tree into a giant blunt., This party's gonna blow., How To Enjoy Séances, Martin Freeman was on quest to remind people of his comedic chops as host of 'SNL' this weekend. Safe to say it was a ringing success., Decorations so simple an infant could make them. You are smarter than an infant, aren’t you?, This week's best pics made it to the top by keeping their eyes on the prize., It's like they're always stuck in second gear., It's cool how alcohol turns people into professional photographers., These pics take a licking and keep on licking., Every year New Yorkers come together to direct their hate at something besides each other. It's a Christmas miracle., From Funny Or Die News:

Sit on that, Parliament., "Everything we do is wrong, but killing and eating a whale is a bit too wrong.", A collection of Mark Zuckerberg's best quotes from the Facebook townhall Q&A that haven’t yet been posted online., Save yourself from conference-call humiliation with this definitive guide to your office’s most perplexing piece of retro technology., Life is tough. You owe it to yourself to watch this video right now., These GIFs will be with you in one second., Kids in the Hall’s Scott Thompson is Buddy Cole, an amateur filmmaker snubbed by the Toronto International Film Festival who sets up across the street to premiere his new dance-Western to passersby on a cellphone., Your favorite childhood board game puts on its big-girl panties., CIA director John Brennan defended their use of torture today. "It was bad, but it wasn't final season of 'Dexter' bad. We're not animals.", A shocking confession from a guy who let the holiday spirit fill him with more than just joy last Christmas., We promise that Steve Carell and Jimmy Fallon's version of "Sexual Healing" is something that's good for you., The only thing worse than missing an important meeting is being the only chump who shows up for it., It seems like non-celebrities just can't catch a break this year., Some tips for surviving awkward conversations with your family over this holiday season., Some people just don't like surprises., Obviously., Dennis Quaid in our space., New York! We’re hosting a safety-themed sketch-comedy show starring the FOD NY staff TONIGHT at UCB Chelsea!

Cancel your other plans immediately and get your tickets here: http://bit.ly/1BxeWdd, RIP, Pirate Bay. Seriously, Sweden?, From Funny Or Die News:

Highlights from the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge's whirlwind tour of the Big Apple you didn't hear about., Years of violent retribution by an angry Uncle Phil finally catch up to the Fresh Prince's best friend, DJ Jazzy Jeff., This guy is the worst., It's the most wonderful time of the year to be slowly driven insane by Christmas music., Looks like LeBron had one eye on the ball and the other on his phone during the Cavs/Nets game last night., New York! Looking for a good time tomorrow night? We’re hosting a one-night-only sketch-comedy show at UCB Chelsea starring the FOD NY staff! 

Get your tickets now or wallow in sorrow and regret forever: http://bit.ly/1BxeWdd, Holiday grind got you down? These pics will help get you back into the Christmas spirit., He really wasn't kidding., This shocking footage from the NYPD's body-cam pilot program gives us a whole new view of the boys in blue., President Obama straight up took over 'The Colbert Report' and promptly nailed it., Apparently all you need to get a Kardashian half-naked is a camera and a magazine nobody's ever heard of., Busted!, Follow these fun tips for the coziest winter ever!, Was 'Workaholics' star Anders Holm robbed of a key role in Chris Rock's 'Top Five'? These leaked audition tapes suggest that no, no he was not., A mystery that deserves its own cereal podcast., One Line Movie Review: 'Wild', This week's best pics go great together., Turns out the snake that was supposed to swallow the star of 'Eaten Alive' whole just wanted to hug it out., Get ready to howl at these highlights from a UCB live table read of the script for the 1985 classic 'Teen Wolf,' featuring a surprise cast., Post up somewhere sturdy and prepare to be inspired by these displays of raw power., Enjoy these cask-strength links straight up or with a splash of water., Keep holiday party conversation light. Stick to how much money you made this year and your complicated relationship with dairy., One GIF is cool, but a GIF made out of two GIFs? That's a real special treat., The most delightfully eccentric 'Star Wars' installment yet., Come talk to us when your "viral" video breaks YouTube's view counter., Enjoy a daily dose of holiday humor from now till Christmas. Our gift to you., NBC's much-publicized TV musical had its share of high and low moments. Here are the ones that really stood out., How To Enjoy The Moon, From the creators of ‘Flight Of The Conchords’ comes a documentary about four vampire roommates trying to get by in a modern world that’s not always friendly to the undead., This week's best GIFs are ready for anything., This board is normally covered in video ideas. Guess they took today off., Some behind-the-scenes shots from 'Dr. Quinn: Morphine Woman' starring Jane Seymour. 

Watch the video now: http://bit.ly/1ykHBvH, The 17 surprisingly specific and exceedingly weird acts of criminal mischief that would lead to a cop's indictment., George and Anakin have some serious issues with the teaser for 'Star Wars: The Force Awakens.', Billy Eichner sings Conan the song he wrote for Taylor Swift., Jane Seymour and the original cast of 'Dr. Quinn, Medicine Woman' reunite for a highly addictive reboot., Not exactly prime son-in-law material., Shooting with the one and only George Lucas today!, Ariana Grande just gave the internet an early Christmas present., 2014 had a lot of great films, none of which could hold a candle to the 1998 erotic masterpiece 'Wild Things.', Funny Or Die News Daily Brief: 'Suicide Squad', The Obama girls are mad about typical teenage stuff: Parties, boys, and the President's betrayal of his liberal roots., Jerrod Carmichael and DJ Premier introduce Royce da 5'9", Lady of Rage, and Miguel to the mind-blowing new beats that will shake hip-hop to its core., More proof that selfies are inherently evil., From Funny Or Die News:

A scathing indictment of air travel from the pot-bellied pig that got kicked off a US Airways flight., Jared Leto is going to be pretty good as The Joker. Whoops! Forgot a comma. Jared Leto is going to be pretty, good as The Joker., Jon Stewart takes on Fox News' claims that "racial arsonists" are responsible for the Ferguson protests., You like stuff and things? Then you’ll love these memes., How to Enjoy Breathing, Uber’s PR nightmares are about to get a lot worse., Jane Krakowski ('30 Rock') took a stab at auditioning for the role of Peter Pan in the live TV production before NBC gave it to Allison Williams., 'Star Wars' needs a boring racist character who's always complaining., 100 percent real flyers that are 100 percent fake., Behold, our catalog of broken dreams., Animal Fact of the Day, Dozens of (RED) apps available now in the App Store will help fight AIDS. The red items on this list, however, will not., Garfield's computerized counterpart explains why Cyber Mondays drive him virtually insane., This week's best pics are highly qualified, results-oriented team players that are ready to go to work for you., SPOILER ALERT! We blow the lids off the five new movies leaked in the hack attack on Sony Pictures., Want to feel better about yourself after a weekend of binge eating? Get exclusive (RED) content from Apple's App Store and help fight AIDS: AppStore.com/AppsforRED, Think your family can be tough to be around during the holidays? Just be glad you weren't at the Kringles' for Thanksgiving this year., Uber introduces an exciting new line of ride-share services that will revolutionize the way drunk people travel., Time to take a look in the mirror when you haven't read a book in six years but you just watched a full movie starring Grumpy Cat., Somebody definitely used up all their karma points., There's not a creature alive that can keep these GIFs from gettin' their groove on., Help us save lives with (RED) and you could win cool prizes. The best thing you'll do today that doesn't involve leftovers: http://helpredsavelives.com, Add a spark of holiday cheer to your Black Friday shopping list with this stylish T-shirt.

Get yours now for only $10! http://bit.ly/18S3RkY, Wish Thanksgiving would never end? Clearly you're not one of the hosts of the Food Network's year-round, 24/7 Thanksgiving Channel.

Click here for more Thanksgiving exclusives: http://bit.ly/1z1j9RX, May your Thanksgiving be practically perfect in every way., Think you know the real story of the first Thanksgiving? It's time to take a closer look., Two NASA astronauts try to bump back their mission to land on a comet when they discover it falls on Thanksgiving., Eating turkey today is probably the easiest way to let people know you're a psychopath., How to have a meaty political discussion at Thanksgiving without rocking the gravy boat., Happy Thanksgiving! This year, just be thankful your family is more functional than the Duggars, or anyone else on cable television!, We know you didn't want us to publish this email thread, Pat, but it's for your own good. We're here for you, buddy!, Fashions come and go, but Paul Rudd's coolness just keeps on keepin' on., Say goodbye to boring, flat-chested turkeys with new Turkey Tits gravy-filled implants!, Putin outlines his bold plan to retire to a Florida beach condo in 2024 and hold staring contests with the sun., How to host a Thanksgiving feast your friends and family will never forget, no matter how hard they try., Fred is not happy about the lack of walkers in this week's episode of 'The Walking Dead.', Don't even think about leaving the house on Black Friday without this trusty suit of 18th century bear-baiting armor, plus a few other basic supplies., We’re sure Jon Stewart will have plenty to say about the latest Ferguson news. In the meantime, check out his searing take from earlier this summer., Seth Rogen grew up thinking Jews in Canada didn't celebrate Thanksgiving, until he realized his parents were just lying., Betcha didn't see these GIFs coming., A sketch group tackles the sticky subject of inappropriate Disney origin stories at last night's FOD: IRL show., We all know how secular traditions have gradually overshadowed the religious origins of Christmas, but did you know the same is true of Thanksgiving?, Funny Or Die News Daily Brief: Marshawn Lynch, Prepare your eyeballs for the most decadent visual feast this side of Thanksgiving., Odell Beckham Jr. made perhaps the greatest catch in NFL history last night. New York Giants quarterback Eli Manning texted Beckham this morning and the conversation was just as thrilling., 'Horrible Bosses 2' stars Jason Bateman, Charlie Day, and Jason Sudeikis sit down for an unforgettable interview with self-proclaimed Hollywood insider Andre Hyland., Funny Or Die: IRL is LIVE! Watch the streaming show for a truly unique night of comedy, music, and lots of surprises., We're streaming a LIVE comedy and music show with tons of surprises TONIGHT at 7 PST! 

Tune in: http://bit.ly/1AE140c, These links are amazing on their own, but they're even better together., Animal Fact of the Day, The surprisingly disturbing evolution of a pop-culture brand icon., Psst! We're streaming a live interactive comedy and music show Sunday at 7 p.m. PST with surprise guests galore!

Tune in here: http://www.funnyordie.com/irl, A novelist discovers the soul of wit in an Amazon review., We searched high and low to find these amazing flyers., Two friends, 15 different characters, one insane phone call., Funny Or Die News Daily Brief: Winnie the Pooh, You'll fall down laughing at this week's greatest GIFs., Try as you might, you can't cover up genius., From Funny Or Die News

Do you like looking at lingerie models while learning about Mexican drug cartels? Oh boy, have we got the article for you., George Clooney tears into 'People' magazine for naming Chris Hemsworth "Sexiest Man Alive" instead of him., The only thing better than watching this dog heroically sabotage his own obedience test is imagining what he was thinking while he did it., How to Enjoy Haircuts, In the battle for MVE (Most Valuable Eyebrow), there can be only one., Evan Rachel Wood and Darren Criss reimagine what the 1988 Tom Hanks classic 'Big' would look like with a female lead., What, like you've got something better to do? Please., Bryan just got back from Texas, where he binged on Fox News. Also, gay men aren't totally banned from giving blood anymore and Old Navy is over-charging plus-size ladies for their jeans, which is not so fair and balanced., From Funny Or Die News:

A new LED light system is pulling out some shocking details hidden in Michelangelo’s ceiling masterpiece., Slappin' da bass, mon!, We've partnered with Samsung Mobile USA to help you discover our best videos with Milk Video!

Get it here: http://m.onel.ink/ea6abdc4, "Toto, I've a feeling we're not in Flavortown anymore.", Our new boss is a real ball-buster., Oh, you don't understand the internet's fascination with Benedict Cumberbatch? Maybe another meme will help., Our intrepid reporter probes the darkest crevices of the Deep Web for the ultimate guide to giving great oral sex., After a hard day of global bullying, there's nothing Putin likes more than to unwind with some good ol'-fashioned internet trolling., OK, fine, they all involve dildos. Happy now?, Granted, some destinies are nobler than others., Welcome to the only 'Walking Dead' recap show hosted by an undead cast member providing weekly synopsis with a "walker" perspective., We knew Manson was insane, but this is just crazy., Hip-hop mogul Rick Ross introduces his own fitness system guaranteed to sculpt you into the ultimate hood billionaire., Happy 70th birthday, Danny DeVito! We hope you got everything you wanted, and that Fred Savage was available to watch!, From Funny Or Die News:

NYC's plan to ticket instead of arrest people for low-level marijuana possession is really bringing out the city's chill side., Zach Galifianakis' hard-hitting interview with Justin Bieber only gets better with age.

Click here for more Justin Bieber videos: http://bit.ly/1unRuKa, From Funny Or Die News:

Want corporations dictating delivery of your other basic services? Then you shouldn't want it for the internet either., Got an unhealthy obsession with onscreen bad boys? You may be suffering from VAD., The company that makes Botox has been bought for $66B. The deal looks fine now, is expected to look like a scary monster by next Christmas., Horny nerds have never had it so easy., This week's best pics are full of useful everyday advice., What if the only way to close the record wealth gap in America is to incentivize the worst of the .1%ers hoarding all the money?, People like these links because they're polite and they're rarely late., A guy who's never heard of 'Fifty Shades of Grey' tries to guess what it's about from a handful of teaser GIFs., Aesop Rock and Rob Sonic are a pair of poetic puppets with money on their minds in the video for Hail Mary Mallon’s infectious new single., The evidence seems pretty airtight., What if those spam emails you've been trashing did exactly what they promised?, 17 totally legit reasons for denying same-sex couples the right to marry., Animal Fact of the Day, This week's best GIFs have no sense of personal space., Adult film stars Alex Chance, Mercedes Carrera, and Nadia Styles lay down an argument for net neutrality in terms we can all understand. (NSFW), This excerpt from Kobe Bryant's new memoir has us a little concerned for his sanity., This office is no place for small children/anyone with a heart condition., Rob Corddry, star of 'Hot Tub Time Machine 2,' sits down to talk marriage, hair care, and winning two (real) Emmys., These GIFs are saving their best tricks till last., How to Enjoy Coffee, Admit it, the suspense is killing you., Our partner site Be FUNNY Studios launched with this tasty video starring The Walking Dead's Steve Yeun and Sandara Park of South Korean pop group 2NE1., We invited GQ to come hang out for a week and write about our funny business., This week, Bryan starts keeping a diary while Erin checks out the anti–rape face meme and a new app called The Hormone Horoscope. Also, Starbucks has allegedly become ground zero for Ebola and gay sex., Kim Kardashian's butt cover for Paper Magazine didn't fully break the internet, but this slideshow might., We landed on a comet!

"Eh."

36 photoshops of Kim Kardashian's butt as a Ninja Turtle.

"Susan, cancel all my afternoon meetings.", Internet inventor Al Gore does not want Kim Kardashian to break the internet with her butt., Republican Senator Ted Cruz posted to Twitter that “Net Neutrality is Obamacare for the Internet.” Here are some similar tweets he was considering., Waka Flocka Flame reads some of the 60,000+ résumés he’s received for a professional blunt roller to follow him around on tour., We bought the world's most expensive comic book to settle an argument about Superman's origins. In hindsight, we probably shouldn't have., Waka Flocka Flame reading résumés for the professional blunt roller he’s looking to hire., His notes on 'The Phantom Menace' must have gotten lost in the mail., If veterans parades were brutally honest., From Funny Or Die News:

Happy Veterans Day from all the chickenshits out there., These GIFs are a riddle wrapped in a mystery inside an enigma times infinity., The GamerGate debate hits home for the world's most famous princess and plumber., President Obama says that to ensure #NetNeutrality, the FCC should reclassify the internet as a public utility. Here's everything you need to know about this hot-button issue., This photo pretty much sums up our Saturday afternoon shoot with Rick Ross., Ron Funches and fellow comedian Matt Braunger show you how to make psychedelically enhanced spaghetti., This guy is smooth ... not, like, refreshing-ice-cold-Bud-Light-Lime-a-Rita-smooth, but pretty smooth., One Line Movie Review: Horns, In the face of ultimate suffering, we must learn to show ultimate mercy., Don Cheadle's Captain Planet is deadly serious about going green, no matter what the cost., These pics still got it., While promoting 'Interstellar,' Christopher Nolan revealed that he does not have an email address. Mr. Nolan, this is your lucky day., This week's links are excited to show off their fresh ink., Wait. What do you mean McConaughey never drives a Lincoln to the moon in 'Interstellar'? Three hours long and they couldn't fit that in once?, Amazon's Echo meets 2001: A Space Odyssey., If you're going to drop over $100K on a worthless liberal arts degree, you should at least leave knowing how to make your own drugs., From Funny Or Die News:

Just get elected to Congress? Perfect timing: Weed was just legalized in D.C. Here's your guide to getting blazed in the nation's capital., Leaked pages from the script for Michael Bay's upcoming film about the Benghazi attacks, with his own handwritten notes!, Animal Fact of the Day, There's one in every crowd., From Funny Or Die News:

NOFX’s Fat Mike punched and kicked a fan who jumped on stage in the middle of a song. Ozzy Osbourne's headless bat isn't impressed., In case you didn’t know, Rob Riggle is actually the Navy Seal who shot Osama Bin Laden, and he's not afraid to talk about it., Nothing like waking up to some laughs to get your weekend started off right., 'Toy Story 4' will finally tie up the loose end fans have been asking about: How can Disney make more money?, All these would go great with some fava beans and a nice chianti., It's never too early to fill your coworkers with holiday-spirit-themed murder fantasies., From Funny Or Die News:

AC/DC drummer Phil Rudd's arrest for hiring a hitman brings to mind the band's song “Dirty Deeds Done Dirt Cheap.” But he's not alone. Here are some more musicians inspired by their own songs to commit crimes., How to Enjoy CPR, No football stadium? No problem. In New York City, tailgating is the main event., Beheadings are like a big ol’ pan of reverse-lasagna., Bette Midler wants to plant the first tree on the moon, so she's Kickstarting the project and offering rewards that are out of this world., How to Enjoy Binge Watching, Apple CEO Tim Cook came out of the closet, which made the entire country of Russia lose its mind. Plus, the co-hosts from Logo's 'The Straight Out Report' play a game of Celebrity Net Worth. Who's got more money — Jolie or Aniston?! It will definitely be the most important thing you learn today!, Either Kim Jong-un suddenly developed a sense of humor, or someone's getting executed., Building a super world for today's shoot., Matthew McConaughey explains why he won't be exposing himself in a movie where that would be totally unnecessary., Want the very best of our funniest stuff sent straight to your phone? It's as simple as Yo: http://www.justyo.co/FUNNYORDIE, Wondering what the Republican sweep of the 2014 Midterm Elections means for the country? This FAQ will clear everything up., Just three straight minutes of Will Ferrell completely losing his mind., The only thing these guys like more than shaving on a Tuesday night is calling each other up to sing about it., One Line Movie Review: Fury, Need to laugh to keep from crying at the state of U.S. politics? Don't worry, we've got you covered., The only thing worse than using secret money to influence an election is not spending it wisely., Need to diversify your campaign photos in a hurry? Try MinoriStock!, Can't resist the ding while driving? Turns out hiring a bad comedian to distract you is a terrible solution., Looks like we've got a real aspiring dick on our hands., The GOP introduces its own version of the Boss., Nothing about Prince is ordinary. Why should his keyboard be any different?, Why look at poll data when you could just look at these pretty maps we made?, We asked you to show us your (and your pets') best Halloween costumes this year. Here are the winners!, See what moviegoers around the nation are saying about this year's most emotionally devastating film., Taylor Swift pulled all her music from Spotify. At least they can't hear the song she writes about the breakup., Time to treat those irrational flu-shot fears with a shot of cold, hard scientific truth., We’ll just go ahead and say it: This “election” was rigged., Take some time to reflect on this week's best pics., This week's links are full of personality., Animal Fact of the Day, So you made a sign, now you just need to put it somewhere..., People who say "It's a dog eat dog world": What kind of insane cannibal dogs are you picturing?, Missing out on David Simon’s groundbreaking HBO series is the epitome of epic tragedy., Christopher Nolan's new thriller is a dizzying spiral through the dream world of space., But not all walruses are vampires, of course — that would be ridiculous., Sensitivity training for working with a skeleton., Don't forget the true meaning of Halloween: the birth of Dracula., Start Halloween night off right with this collection of spooktacular tales hosted by the one and only Elvira, Mistress of the Dark., Yeeeaah, if you could just go ahead and check out these awesome Halloween costumes, that would be great., Everything you ever wanted to know about Halloween but were too afraid to ask., It's not paranoia if they really are out to get you., Still need a costume idea? Consider going as a mythical creature, like "Guy Who Changed His Political Opinion Because of a Facebook Post.", This week's best GIFs will stop at nothing., Think found-footage horror movies have been done to death? You haven't seen anything yet., A maniac terrorizes a sorority house on Halloween, but he may not be the creeper he appears to be., Of course the vast majority of Hawaiian travelers are harmless, human-temperature people. But when it comes to volcanoes, it only takes one., Adam McKay directed this sugary short starring Amy Poehler, Sarah Silverman, Andy Richter, Billy Eichner, and Maya Rudolph as innocent alpacas facing the harsh realities of income inequality., With his approval ratings at a record low and midterm elections looming, democrats are sending Obama a clear message — by not returning any of his., Got pics of you and/or your pet in costume? We want to see. Show us on Instagram and you could win some cool stuff! http://instagram.com/funnyordie, Jerry O'Connell and Rebecca Romijn are a nice goth couple looking for the perfect house to die in., It's been a brutal competition, but we're down to the last two terrifying finalists. Cast your vote now and come back tomorrow to see who won!, Elvira, Mistress of the Dark, presents four new spooky sketches guaranteed to titillate., Even superheroes can't escape the necessary evil of a license renewal., What's scarier than Erin and Bryan's True Detective, Gone Girl, and classic Halloqueen costumes? Try the Vatican's feelings on female bishops or Texas Republican Congressman Louie Gohmert's feelings on gays. Spooky!, The men of the Night's Watch prepare for the most epic Halloween Westeros has ever seen., You’ve seen "10 Hours of Walking in NYC as a Woman.” Now watch what happens when a white man tries the same experiment., He's got a lot on his plate right now, OK?, Symptoms of starvation:
- Fatigue
- Dizziness
- Picturing your friend as a turkey or ham, Bathrooms are a place to relieve yourself and question all that you previously understood to be normal human etiquette., Master of horror Ted Raimi serves up a series of (literally) bone-chilling tales., They're here all week, folks. Same time every day., Jigsaw might be losing his edge., Sometimes a simple letter grade just isn't enough., Natasha Lyonne hanging out in the office as Beetlejuice, complete with essential accessories., If you think Marvel's five-year plan for superhero films looks cool, wait till you see their long-term strategy., The tails side of the Louisiana state quarter should be a tourist puking on Bourbon Street., Synchronized GIFing really needs to be in the next Olympics., Natasha Lyonne stars in the long-awaited sequel to Tim Burton's 1988 cult classic, now with references to all your favorite movies., At least the keys are secure., One Line Movie Review: John Wick, Before you tear into Taylor Swift's new album, relive the video for her haunting single from last summer, "Glitter and Ribs," starring Billy Eichner.

Click here for more Billy Eichner: http://bit.ly/1oSfyFZ, Email your congressperson immediately and demand they FREEZE MARK RUFFALO ... before it's too late!, Captain Planet soils his squeaky-clean image in this shocking leaked phone call to his girlfriend., "Huh, guess LeBron stuck with the Cavs." — NBA fan who went into a coma right before The Decision and just woke up., This week's best pics are going to keep doing whatever they damn well please, thank you very much., Kenny Mayne reveals his secret to winning big at the horse track ahead of the Breeders' Cup: cheating., The box-office success of ‘Ouija’ is a good sign for the upcoming film ‘Light as a Feather, Stiff as a Board.’, Kids bust out the darnedest moves., Just when you thought these links couldn’t possibly be any dumber, they go and do something like this … and totally redeem themselves!, The blood-soaked battle for the spookiest Halloween sound effect rages on. Vote now!, "One time a girl asked me for sexy pics and I sent her a pic of Penelope Cruz riding a horse.", You'll never look at goats the same way again., Craig Spencer, the first confirmed Ebola patient in New York City, had quite the busy day before being quarantined., Gonna be in costume this weekend? Show us on Instagram and you could win some cool stuff: instagram.com/funnyordie, Man's best friend. America's last line of defense., Jim Gaffigan tries his hand at surgery. Because, really, how hard could it be?, Lifehack: put "make a bucket list" on your bucket list so you can cross one off right away., This week’s best GIFs are operating out of sheer boredom., Animal Fact of the Day, While Mindy Kaling is busy defending her show's controversial recent episode about anal sex, we remember all those that came before., In addition to showing off toothy hair extensions, Erin tackles the ridiculous things people sell in the name of breast cancer, and Bryan looks at fitness guru Jillian Michaels' recent comments that she sometimes wishes she wasn't gay. Also, do you buy your jewelry at the grocery store?, A 26.2 bumper sticker is a great way to let people know you’re a marathoner or a liar., Alright, Halloween fans, it’s time to cast your votes for this season’s most bone-chilling sound effects. Let’s take a look at the contenders, IF YOU DARE., Relive the magic of Brad Pitt on Between Two Ferns with Zach Galifianakis over and over again in GIF form., Brad Pitt and Zach Galifianakis sit Between Two Ferns to talk acting, charity work, and distracting handsomeness., A classic musical about modern parties., After a long hard day of playing fetch, there’s nothing better than a good scrub down., The only things that matter., The 81-year-old Supreme Court Justice has been on the bench for 21 years, but she’s as feisty as ever., "You're more likely to die of the flu than Ebola." Ugh, stop ruining our perfectly good paranoia with your stupid logic., They’re just saying that for liability reasons. Carry on., Amy Poehler, Sarah Silverman, Andy Richter, Billy Eichner, and Maya Rudolph are innocent alpacas encountering the harsh realities of income inequality in this Adam McKay–directed short.

Click here to watch more We The Economy videos from top filmmakers: http://bit.ly/1vHVSFi, With Oslo now the fourth city to drop out of the running, the IOC is trying to sweeten the pot on “The Olympics Nobody Wanted.”, The only jeans guaranteed to give you that coveted space between your thighs, because that's what real beauty is all about., Whoever took the time out of their day to do this deserves not just a raise, but the f*ckin' Pulitzer., Peyton Manning's life is an unmitigated hell., We've done the research and figured out the most lucrative trick-or-treat route of all time. Have fun!, Next time someone tells you guacamole is extra, drop to your knees and scream "WHHHHYYYYYYY?!", Did you hear someone just “invented” a working hoverboard? Too bad we beat them to it by seven months., This is a terrible toy to buy your child unless you want them to grow up awesome., Two very different economic theories battle for supremacy in this testosterone-fueled, Chris Henchy–directed short.

Click here for more We The Economy videos from acclaimed filmmakers: http://bit.ly/1vHVSFi, For a faceless killing machine, the MQ-1 predator drone contains some surprisingly homey touches., GOOOOOOOOAAAAAAALLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!!!!!!!!!!!, Keanu Reeves REALLY wants to make sure all his friends go see 'John Wick' this weekend., Prevented from hacking by Apple’s new super-secure operating system, the FBI has started using less-covert tactics to investigate iPhone users., Lap dogs aren't just for purses anymore. They're now running through the halls of Congress doing tricks for treats from the gun lobby., Cinnamon raisin bagels are just terrible donuts., No matter how you slice it, these pics are clear winners., You would not believe the amount of work that went into this sketch video., Peyton Manning passed Brett Favre in career touchdown passes tonight, going into the record books as the only positive NFL story of 2014., Take a moment to give thanks that the term “netiquette” never really caught on., This week's links are letting it all hang out., Finally, a slideshow that probably won't let you down., Anyone know any place on the internet to get content?, Only seriously deranged candidates need apply., Exclusive footage of a steamy sex scene between Rachel Bilson and Adam Scott that for some reason was left on the cutting-room floor.

Click here for more Adam Scott: http://bit.ly/1yLlnbo, Dressing to impress this Halloween? Show us on Instagram and win sweet FOD gear! http://instagram.com/funnyordie, "A coffin full of rotting bullshit" —Dracula, The biggest downside to driving a convertible is being the type of person who drives a convertible., When you got it, flaunt it., This week's GIFs aren't trying to fool anybody., Spend a crisp autumnal night nutting into a pumpkin by following these 13 simple steps., Good to see Game of Thrones' Oona Chaplin looking much healthier after that Red Wedding fiasco., Jose Canseco salutes the Kansas City Royals for not cheating to get to the World Series., “Ugh, GIFs are too long.” — the generation after millennials., Because sometimes we need a scapegoat even more than we need a hero., Cord cutters rejoice. Finally all the 'Game of Thrones' nude scenes you can handle., Nick Offerman helps Megan Amram make science sexy to women., Or, you know, just don't sell them., George Brett shits his pants, on average, about two times a year., Apple strongly encourages its female employees to surrender all future offspring to the Apple iMother 3.0 Centralized Caregiving Hub., The heat wave exposed Erin to a man with a masturbating tattoo and Bryan to a move-in situation with his boyfriend. In other news, Nicholas Sparks opened a school only for white straight Christians in linen and Erin reads Alabama to filth for taking the pro-life battle too far., Follow these 52 easy steps to ensure this Halloween is the greatest of your life., Autocorrect insists on capitalizing Internet like this place is the Queen of England or some shit., Don’t know anything about the mysterious X-37B Orbital Test Vehicle that just returned to Earth after two years in orbit? You’re not alone. To shed some space light on this black hole, consult this FAQ., Aasif Mandvi's celebrity friends don't seem too eager to appear in the trailer for his new book, 'No Land's Man.', The North Korean dictator seems a bit different since his return. Click below to see if you can spot what's changed., Jamie-Lynn Sigler and Dave Franco experience every cat owner's worst nightmare: feline interference right when you're about to get down.

Click here for more Jamie-Lynn Sigler: http://bit.ly/1z9b9CK, No one’s gonna do anything about Ebola until they get a ribbon., If various films and cartoons are to be believed (and clearly they are), this is a real threat. Here's what to do if you ever find yourself in this situation., "We had some target numbers; we hit them; now we’re done.”, Rob Huebel makes driving an all-new Volkswagen Golf through the aisles of Target look easy. Don’t try this at home., This is his body’s way of saying, “Nope, nope, and nope.”, This is some next-level glitch happening right here., The future is here, and it looks drunk., Relieve your thirst with the only beer that delivers exactly what it promises., Bill Hader’s uniquely weird brand of comic genius makes a welcome return to its roots., One Line Movie Review: Alexander and the Terrible, Horrible, No Good, Very Bad Day, It's just like regular Thanksgiving, only, you know, Canadian-er., Happy “Wait, this is a holiday?” Day!, The Norse explorer who beat Columbus to America by 500 years attempts to set the record straight., This week's pics are a salute to good clean family fun., Will Ferrell dives into the cutting-edge world of virtual-reality gaming, and can't believe what he sees., Let's hope they catch the monster that did this before he strikes again., This week's best links are about to start. Hope you held onto your ticket stub., It's always the cute ones you've got to watch out for the most., Two roommates hit up a party dressed as very different vampires. Warning: This video contains body glitter.

Check out Handmade Halloween Pin Picks for more creepy costumes! http://bit.ly/1tM72Ed, The ultimate SNL audition-tape fail., May as well get better acquainted with the little beastie that, let's face it, won't stop until it kills us all., Buying Pop-Tarts because they're "made with real fruit" is like buying meth because it's made with real medicine., North Korean leader Kim Jong-un has not been seen in public for over a month now. Can you find him?, Mary Poppins (Kristen Bell) is practically perfect in every way, except grossly underpaid. And she wants to #RaiseTheWage., We’re not gonna lie, this week’s GIFs are pretty intimidating., You saw Nasim Pedrad's spot-on Aziz Ansari impression on Conan. Now watch the previously unreleased video in its perfect entirety.,  “What’s your policy on returning receipts?”, Stressed out and swamped with work? Good luck trying to resist Netflix's seductive charms., Wayne Knight stopped by the office and signed our wall. He's still thirsty., The Glorious Leader is alive and well and did NOT sleep-eat five glazed hams in a single night., After a number of high-profile scandals, the Secret Service is making some much-needed improvements to protocol., A hipster gym called Pumping Irony., A physicist claims she has proof black holes don’t exist. Denzel Washington disagrees., A new game show asks contestants to identify just how badly society is f’ing them!, Sometimes you've just gotta improvise., Let’s hope the Ghostbusters 3 crew is nothing like these a-holes., An interactive guide to the crackpot initiatives locals in each state will be voting on this November 4th., "What's in the box?!" We're partnering with Quarterly to curate packages full of awesome and funny stuff. Want one?, @ModernTwinPeaks is the laziest, least original parody account on the internet. Here’s what its creator had to say for himself., You know you're old when the band you love plays an encore and it just stresses you out because you have work tomorrow and need to get home., It's time for an even less respectable news outlet. Welcome to Funny Or Die News!, Carl finally gets what he deserves., Because another social media platform is exactly what the world needs right now., We could write a haiku about how great this is but that would take too much effort., Tim Meadows talks about all the awesome things he was up to in the ’80s.

Click here for more videos about the ’80s: http://bit.ly/1oP9wAl, This explains a lot., Excited for the return of 'Twin Peaks'? Catch up before the new season with these deleted scenes from the recent Blu-ray release., The several puppies currently in our office have made this the greatest Tuesday ever., The depth of a man's V-neck is inversely proportional to that of his personality., Look closer ... a little closer ... there you go., "Whatever you do, don't mention the war.", When you want to hear about college basketball, the random dude abides., Anne has a small vagina. 

Click here for more awkward videos: http://bit.ly/1xYSEiO, We're having a fall pumpkin-GIF blowout! Get 'em while they're hot!, We're on Fahlo! Join the party! fahlo.me/funnyordie, Grease is a terrible movie with a terrible message. Stay away., One Line Movie Review: Gone Girl, Check out this week's best pics. It's the easiest fun you'll have all day., Two roommates hit up a party dressed as very different vampires. Warning: This video contains body glitter.

Check out Handmade Halloween Pin Picks for more creepy costumes! http://bit.ly/1xWvc5Q, Taking the already exaggerated phrase "I'm dying" to a whole new level., No vacation is as relaxing as the first shower you take when you get home., Don't settle for cheap knockoff links. These here are the genuine article., The day has come. Jerrod Carmichael's HBO special, 'Love at the Store,' premieres tonight at 10!, We give you all the info you need to decide whether to hop on a plane to China or Missouri., One-of-a-kind antique, includes FREE shriveled monkey paw found in hidden compartment (NOT cursed!)., Uber clearly needs help expanding its business. Here are our suggestions., Jerrod Carmichael talks about how he measures success in an exclusive clip from his HBO special, 'Love at the Store,' airing tomorrow (10/4) at 10 p.m., There's really no way to ask someone to use a coaster without feeling like a jerk., Sit back and experience the majesty of this week's best GIFs., Ebolamania is sweeping the nation, and there’s no cure in sight!, Download Windows 10 and Microsoft will throw in the brand-new Everclear album ... for free!, Conservative groups in Colorado are pushing for a more patriotic Advanced Placement U.S. history test. Here's what that'll look like., Can't seem to turn that pesky hard-on off? Limpitor can help., Every little bit helps!, We sent one of our New York interns on a coffee run to the new popup replica cafe from 'Friends.' Here's what happened., No one who says "Imma do me" has ever done anything important., Dinosaurs or no dinosaurs, 'Gone Girl' is definitely no 'Jurassic Park.' Let’s just be clear about that right out of the gate., Jerrod Carmichael appeared on Conan last night to promote his HBO special, 'Love at the Store' — airing Oct. 4 at 10 p.m. — and share some wholesome observations on show business., Everything dies, including beloved television comedy programs. Such is life., Dale Earnhardt, Jr. is ready for action as the new Knight Rider in NBC's latest revamp. Too bad KITT has other ideas., It's probably safer for everybody this way., Just Kevin Bacon losing his mind in an empty warehouse. No big deal., Ello still too complicated a social network for you? Try ey — it's just a Google Doc with a list of your friends' names on it., Ever had an earth witch on a commune stand across from you and massage herself from legs to vagina to chest without breaking eye contact? Then you and Erin have a ton in common this week! Also, a lesbian teacher was fired for getting pregnant and did you know only 10% of statues in the U.S. are of women? Sad but true but dumb., Animal Fact of the Day, Hey everyone! Jerrod Carmichael is here at Funny Or Die taking your questions live, right now using the  Facebook Mentions box. Leave some questions below and watch out for a response!, Just like insulin treatments, this is something Paula Deen fans are going to fork over some cash for., Five grown men will sacrifice anything (including their dignity) to win a male pageant. Coming soon to Lifetime Network!, Jerrod Carmichael is doing a Facebook Q&A today at 12pm PST / 3pm EST!  Post your questions in the comment section below!, WeeeeeeeeaaaaAAAAHHHHSHI#%*!, Adam Scott, John Goodman, Aubrey Plaza, Craig Robinson, Chris Hardwick, Thomas Lennon, and more put a celebrity spin on the bowling trick shot!

Click here to watch more Bowling Trick Shot videos: http://bit.ly/1rKckU3, Jerrod Carmichael, whose HBO special 'Love at the Store' airs this Saturday, will be here to answer your questions LIVE on our Facebook tomorrow at 12 p.m. PST! Don't miss out!, More than 30 years of fake-gun experience has made Denzel Washington something of an authority on the subject., Will Ferrell speaks for every hardcore Red Sox fan with this epic Derek Jeter sendoff., The "miracle of childbirth" doesn't seem so miraculous when you realize that's how every asshole you know got here., Then again, might be worth the detour just to hear the GPS say them out loud., Watch TV On The Radio's new music video for "Happy Idiot" with Karen Gillan and Paul Reubens (Pee-wee Herman) as the insane Racer Steven., The biggest lie ever told is that honesty is always the best policy., Too bad everyone from the future hates freedom., Many airlines will now text you updates about your flight. Sometimes those texts go horribly wrong., Jerrod Carmichael, star of upcoming HBO special ‘Love at the Store,' is doing a Reddit AMA right now. Go ahead, ask him anything! http://bit.ly/1uxxFSH, One Line Movie Review, Did you get here by googling "How Tall Is Blake Lively?" Great! Here's everything you need to know about the Ebola crisis., Jerrod Carmichael interrupts an L.A. City Council meeting to plug his HBO special, restores our faith in democracy.
, Honestly, we have no idea what's going on in this week's best pics., Sunsets are usually pretty, but they're pretty depressing on Sundays., A fond farewell to Derek Jeter!
http://bit.ly/1sHvZWV, Boston! FREE VIP tickets to see Jerrod Carmichael TONIGHT at Johnny D's Uptown Restaurant & Music Club are hidden somewhere in your city! Go find them!, We found these links living in a van down by the river, and they'd really like to have a word with you., "What's with all the f*cking questions?" —Cotton Eye Joe, Phil Spector (still in jail for murder) recently got a new mug shot. Funny Or Die has exclusive footage from that photo shoot., Having a sex robot for a roommate is a lot less fun than it sounds., Always a bridesmaid, never a guest? This song is for you., #FriendFriday

Follow Jerrod Carmichael, giver of free hugs and star of his own HBO special, 'Love at the Store,' airing Oct. 4th., It's Friday! Don't let anything stop you from enjoying this week's best GIFs., Bill Simmons gives a totally uncoerced and authentic apology to ESPN for badmouthing Roger Goodell., DIET TIP: Drink all day so you pass out before dinner and sleep through breakfast tomorrow., Our Oddball Comedy & Curiosity Festival correspondents checked in with an update from Colorado's Red Rocks Park and Amphitheatre, and discovered Louis C.K. isn't big on gifts., New York City! Last chance for FREE VIP tix to see Jerrod Carmichael TONIGHT at The Stand Comedy Club and Restaurant! Follow the clues to claim your prize!, With domestic-violence scandals plaguing the NFL, Fantasy Football commissioners do the only responsible thing., We just want to know why all these terrified people are stopping to give each other spontaneous back rubs., TV's not racist. It just likes being able to crop nonwhite people out., In case you missed it, watch Ellen Page and Kate Mara in the other detective show everyone is talking about., Derek Jeter is about to close out an illustrious 20-year career. Here are some eye-opening stats on him you probably didn't know., Tinder is easy when you've got a texting savant at your disposal., Behold, the 12 Commandments of Airplane Seat Reclining., It should be socially acceptable to end any boring conversation by shouting "UNSUBSCRIBE!", New York City! FREE VIP tix to Jerrod Carmichael TONIGHT at Brooklyn’s Baby's All Right! Come find 'em!, Ellen Page and Kate Mara star in the 'True Detective'–inspired roles they were born to play., No one was seriously hurt in these GIFs, although not for lack of trying., No response yet from the Washington Redskins on our totally reasonable name-change suggestion., Romantic singer/songwriter Richard Marx puts a twist on some of his biggest hits with his new album for solo lovers.

Click here for more FOD Jamz: http://bit.ly/1B943K2, He's sorry/not sorry for making you believe in ghosts and making that party freakin' epic!, A new theme song for men everywhere who just want to get their freak on. (NSFW), The NFL has an image problem only a radical restructuring can fix. It's going to be a whole new ballgame., Philadelphia! Want VIP tix to see Jerrod Carmichael TONIGHT at Helium Comedy Club? The treasure hunt begins now!, Who knew Tom Hanks had all those swastika tattoos?, Molly Sims and Dave Holmes' exclusive sneak peek at the fall lineup proves we truly are living in the golden age of network TV., Nothing like starting the day with some laughs to put a little spring in your step., “Come Inside.” Everything here is “Half-Off.”, Huey Lewis waited 30 years to enact his revenge on “Weird Al” Yankovic for parodying one of his songs, and it turned him into a real psycho.

Click here for more “Weird Al” Yankovic: http://bit.ly/1xbx1eL, Fall is clearly going through an identity crisis right now, so let’s all just agree to call it “Autumn” while it gets its shit together, OK?, A new "honor-system" app lets you deposit cash remotely by snapping a photo of it! (Please use responsibly.), Is Thom Yorke alerting us to new Radiohead music on the horizon ... or is it something far more sinister?, The main reason email is replacing traditional mail is that postal carriers refuse to physically act out .gif attachments., So you had to wait in a super-long line at your favorite sandwich place again, huh? Yup, life can be a real bitch sometimes., Jerrod Carmichael seamlessly blends community outreach with shameless self-promotion of his HBO special airing October 4th., Nothing screams punk like i's dotted with hearts., Alyssa Milano's sex tape puts all others to shame.

Click here for more videos with Alyssa Milano: http://bit.ly/1pp8Ctg, If you think it just means "sex in progress — do not enter," you don't know the half of it., People who "just tell it like it is" usually tell it like assholes., Did you know iPhoto’s facial-recognition software is a great way to find and delete photos that aren’t of genitals? Click below for more great tips like this one!, One Line Movie Review, Engineered specifically for the pathetic bachelor looking to cram something, anything into his food hole., This week's best pics will be automatically downloaded onto your computer., How far are you willing to go to not leave anything to chance on a first date?, "There is still absolutely a faction that meets our criteria. His name is Nate and we should send him 90,000 guns.", Here are the best among literally DOZENS of links this week., Whoever created Taco Bell's breakfast menu forgot that no one who eats Taco Bell wakes up before noon., One of history's greatest philosophers has turned into a complete Hollywood douche., Your $9,000 membership fee puts you in a whole new class of social-media consumer., Now he knows how everyone with an iTunes account feels., Benjy from The Howard Stern Show screams "Don't take me to the elevator" as security drags him out — presumably to the elevator., Texas! Don't miss your LAST CHANCE to see comedy's biggest stars including Louis C.K., Sarah Silverman, Hannibal Buress, and more!

Get tickets for the final weekend of Oddball Comedy & Curiosity Festival here: http://www.funnyordie.com/oddball, A short film about two nobodies trying to find their place in a world of somebodies, starring Jim Gaffigan, Tony Hale, Ellie Kemper, and more., Slide into the weekend in style with this week’s best GIFs., These GIFs just don't know when to quit., Ever have that not-so-fresh feeling and need a little energy boost on the side? Mandy Moore has just the product for you.

Click here to watch more FOD commercials: http://bit.ly/1o1cMrV, Sorry, but everything you thought you knew about nutrition is wrong., We’re counting down to Jerrod Carmichael’s first HBO special, ‘Love at the Store,’ with a mini-tour across the U.S.!

Get tickets and more tour dates here! http://bit.ly/1uXyC3s, Urban Outfitters tries to turn its image around after the Kent State sweatshirt debacle with a little help from Neil Young. It doesn’t go so well., English is confusing because "booty call" and "butt dial" mean very different things., Calling all casting agents: This "between jobs" actor paid us $500,000 to post his headshots and portfolio., Help Will Ferrell raise $375K to fight cancer and you might get to fight him in a head-to-head video-game battle in San Francisco! Will you accept the challenge?, What studio wouldn't want to pick up a cartoon about a lonely dead seven-year-old orphan stuck in purgatory?, You know babies don’t belong in your arms, but someone will eventually force you to hold one. Here’s how to hopefully not kill it., A fresh makeup look inspired by America’s new favorite spousal abuser. Hope you’ve got plenty of concealer!, If someone needs to watch a flight attendant demonstrate how to fasten a seatbelt, is their life really worth saving?, Jerrod Carmichael's first-ever comedy special, directed by Spike Lee, premieres October 4th on HBO. Here's a little taste., ISIS has taken to Craigslist to demand someone make them a new Twitter they cannot be banned from., How to Enjoy Taking a Selfie, Would you have sex in clown makeup for $50? No, that's not the plot of Dolphin Tale 2; it's an actual bet Bryan made with Erin. Plus, did you know Caesar and Nero were bottoms? All that and more on this episode of Throwing Shade!, On the question of Scottish independence, you’re either Team Rowling, Team Connery, or Team Groundskeeper Willie., Just be sure to heed the fine print., We're assuming "Where's Dildo?" was already taken?, Bill Maher finally comes clean and reveals his most closely guarded secret to the world., Don't forget to account for those 10–15 reps a day of high-impact workout journaling!, It's all fun and games until somebody gets swallowed whole., A massively wealthy, insane octogenarian shares his views on transgender rights., Kid tested, parent approved., You know things are bad when Hitler, Pol Pot, Stalin, and Satan are calling you out for being too evil., Bill Maher has lied to his fans and the world for long enough. He finally reveals his most closely guarded secret., These GIFs don't want to beg, but they'd really like you to pay attention to them right now., Aaron Paul and Teresa Palmer star in the quirky tale of a man whose love for a beautiful quirky girl blinds him to her quirky psychotic tendencies.

Click here to watch more Aaron Paul: http://bit.ly/1oSRpsL, The bloody Kent State sweatshirt may have sold out, but Urban Outfitters has plenty more tragedy-as-fashion-statement exclusives in stock!, The office psychopath weighs in on why he's through with pro football., What's that? A sitcom about a middle-aged family man obsessed with building lifelike preteen girls in his garage? Can you say green-light?!, One Line Movie Review, A thrill-seeking TV host scours the globe ingesting deadly toxins to see who is stronger, man or poison., This week's pics are right to think very highly of themselves., The survivors of a deadly plane crash confront an unthinkable option. Unfortunately, one of them is making it super awkward., Honestly, as long as those $5 birthday checks keep coming we don’t care what they do., Bask in the cool confidence of this week's best links., How is there nothing in the Patriot Act that prevents U2 from breaking into your phone to give you their album?, The best possible response to “You should smile more.”, Worst. Birthday. Ever., Chris Bosh on the set of Tall Justice 2! Coming soon to a computer screen near you., Each year, drunk people are selected to participate in torturous games the morning after a big night out. The sheer brutality of these events cannot be overstated.

Click here to watch more: http://bit.ly/X8b1Sw, Billy Eichner made his Late Show debut and gave David Letterman the full Billy on the Street treatment. Letterman couldn't get enough., You will be missed, old friend., Animal Fact of the Day, This week's GIFs are the next best thing to pizza, and that's saying something., The Washington Redskins refuse to change their name, so we're gonna do it for them., Thank you, Michael Bay. Your legacy will loop for eternity., Candace Cameron Bure (DJ Tanner) moderates the DJ Mag Top 100 Debates between A-Trak, DESTRUCTO, DJ Mustard, Julian Morris & Ian Harding., Oddball Comedy & Curiosity Festival is in the home stretch. Only two weekends left to see the world's top comedians together in one spot!

Get your tickets now! http://www.funnyordie.com/oddball, Good to see the NFL is finally cracking down., Our correspondents take you inside the Oddball Comedy & Curiosity Festival. It's the next best thing to being there!, What mockery is this?, A.C. Newman from The New Pornographers visits the world-famous Brill Building in NYC and meets a pair of legendary songwriters. , They can't keep you from getting arrested, but they can keep the media from unjustly portraying you as a gangster., Thankfully, football season is here, but an NFL lockout almost sacked the 2011 season. On the plus side, it inspired this must-see, star-studded Field of Dreams parody.

Watch more 'NFL Lockout' here: http://bit.ly/1uJiMtj, As with all matters concerning the Royal Family, tradition is everything., It would certainly take balls to try to reproduce any of these at home., Mom got the good stuff when she went shopping this week!, What happens when you drive a Volkswagen Golf through a Target store? Apparently it makes shopping a breeze., NFL Commissioner Roger Goodell is on shaky ground for his handling of the Ray Rice incident. Good thing his job skills are so marketable., Will Ferrell wants to fly you and a friend to San Francisco to go head-to-head with him in the video-game battle of the century. Think you got what it takes?, An ex-Spice Girl and her trainer get the total swap treatment., Classy move not attaching a prenup., Since no nostalgic cartoon is safe from Hollywood exploitation anymore, a creepy live-action Rugrats movie was basically inevitable., No one needed an Apple Watch to know it was time to make jokes., One Line Movie Review, Jim Gaffigan is pretty sure he's just stumbled on the secret to becoming instantly smarter., In case you missed Apple's big keynote event, here's a comprehensive look at all the latest product updates and exciting new features., He's better than you, and he wants to make sure you know it., Pretty Little Liars star Troian Bellisario is an Instagram addict. But when her friends take her phone away, she has the most Instagrammable day ever. , Proof that there's someone, or something, out there for everyone., Rose McGowan and Billy Zane star in the real-life, true story of Betty Boop, the inspiration behind one of the most iconic and sexiest cartoon characters of all time., Don't drop everything, but do check out these super chill GIFs coming your way., When a politician with no finance experience lands a million-dollar-a-year position at a Wall Street firm, it must be because of the cover letter!, Hey, someone tell the Ravens that in the NFL you're supposed to feign outrage BEFORE the video review., We hope you appreciate the sacrifices required to bring you this level of entertainment., Last week, some of Hollywood's biggest stars came out for a hugely successful Stand Up To Cancer telecast. It was kind of a big deal. , That guy from the Trivago commercials is serious about finding you a hotel deal. His life literally depends on it., Sometimes you just want to dish out your deepest pizza secrets for the whole world to consume., These links are the masters of their domain., That's one way to deal with too much paperwork., You'd think the internet was into weird GIFs or something., In a pure penis-to-vagina comparison, women just can't be beat., Still refuses to address the rumors that he was fired for forgetting his lines., Want the chance to chat with a celebrity and help a worthy cause at the same time? Visit our friends over at Stand Up To Cancer and tune in tonight at 8/7c!, A tribute to a sharp-tongued comedic pioneer whose favorite target was, more often than not, herself., Still haven't got your tickets to Oddball Comedy & Curiosity Festival? What are you waiting for?

Don't miss your chance to see Louis C.K., Chris Hardwick, Sarah Silverman, Aziz Ansari, and more! Click here for dates and tickets: http://www.funnyordie.com/oddball, Heads up, there's a load of great GIFs coming your way in 3 ... 2 ..., This 2010 episode of COPS shows the early warning signs of Ferguson's militarized police force., Hulk so ashamed. Forget leg day., Joan Rivers left this note for the ladies of FOD when she visited our office., Join Billy Eichner for a mad dash through three seasons worth of Billy on the Street highlights!, Because modern society needs new rules to keep fighting an old war., The NFL season starts tonight, but it can't compare to the hard-hitting drama of Coach Bruce Kilmer (Jim O'Heir)'s grueling pee wee training camp., “I succeeded by saying what everyone else is thinking.” RIP Joan Rivers, Hey, could you pick up some boneless bananas on your way home? Yeah, the premium kind., Apple debuts the new radically redesigned iPhone 6 in the wake of the celebrity iCloud hacking scandal., Sadly, the five geckos Russian scientists sent into space to have sex died. But the stories of their freaky extraterrestrial exploits will live on forever., Google and Apple's cloud services too expensive? Not sure what a cloud even is? No problem! Let Jim back up your data on the cheap!, In a high school overrun with zombies seeking empty calories, one girl dares to eat an apple a day. http://bit.ly/1r3Z5sR, Lifetime’s 'Unauthorized Saved by the Bell Story' failed to answer the one burning question on every fan's mind. You had one job, Lifetime!, The NFL's first openly gay player, Michael Sam, is off the Rams! But ESPN had the real scoop — he never made showering awkward. News! Also, singer-songwriter Kimbra joins Erin and Bryan to talk "Somebody that I Used to Know," winning a Grammy, and flying Emirates Airlines., How to Enjoy Art Class, Rude awakenings like these are just begging to be watched on repeat., Michelle Obama, Chloë Grace Moretz, and Tyler Posey star in a high-school horror flick where zombified students roam the halls in search of empty calories., Angelina Jolie married Brad Pitt this past weekend in a dress adorned with drawings made by the couple’s six kids. Click below for an exclusive hi-res image of those remarkable drawings., Summer wasn't quite the blow-out you were expecting? Keep your rep in tact with these totally believable lies., When the "Lord of All Who Wank" draws a line in the masturbatory sand, it's probably time to reevaluate your own porn choices., One Line Movie Review, The NSA is developing its very own search engine to comb through 850 billion records amassed from years of domestic and international spying. Here are the most popular searches on this “NSA Google.”, Ellen Page and Kate Mara came by today to help us solve some crimes., Here's an idea, parents: If Sam Jackson is in the movie, maybe your kid shouldn't watch it?, This week's pics really know how to turn on the charm., There's a pop-up cafe opening in New York next month designed to look exactly like Central Perk from Friends. Here are some things you might see there., Nolan and Burton have had their turn, but here’s what Batman might look like in the hands of several other preeminent directors., We dug through the stacks to bring you the internet's best hidden gems of the week., Couldn't have happened to a bigger Bruce Lee fan. And that's the whole problem., What are a few permanently disfiguring side effects when you can have weight-loss results like these?!, It's official: Will Ferrell, our boss, is the king of comedy! And we're definitely not just saying that because he'll fire us if we don't! All hail the king!, Take the guesswork out of this fall’s hottest teen fashions with our guide to the clothes your kid will be begging for., Bill Maher turns the Ice Bucket Challenge up to 11. Your move, Cheney., Sanrio, the makers of Hello Kitty, recently insisted the character "is not a cat." Whatever her supposed identity, for one glorious rage-filled night she was simply Hello Kitty: slam poet., See if you can find the hidden message in this week's best GIFs., A man was asked to eat nothing but salad every day for a year. These are the shocking results., Are you ready to have "the talk" with your kid?, An aspiring DJ confronts Bob Saget over who should introduce Snoop Dogg at Canada's Pemberton Music Festival., A police officer has a refreshing epiphany after his encounter with a black man escalates far too quickly., There is no movie. There are only GIFs., Oddball Comedy & Curiosity Festival continues this weekend! 

Don't miss out! Get your tickets now to these and other upcoming shows featuring the world's best comedians! http://www.funnyordie.com/oddball, With so much demand on the average smartphone user to film police brutality these days, this app could be a real time saver!, How to Enjoy Family Vacations, Born a marsupial. Became a meme. Will probably just be a regular marsupial again soon., That escalated quickly., Erin challenged Bryan to throw ice for ALS! Instead he's just gonna write them a check. Also, Michelle Duggar of '19 Kids and Counting' said some incredibly stupid things about trans women. And finally, indie super-duo Tanlines drops by! Also, can you climax standing up?, We asked you to submit your best college-themed Vines with the #BestYearEver hashtag. Here are our favorites., Our HR rep is a very patient woman., This recently discovered footage from 1974 explains the mysterious disappearance of a religious cult called The Space Children of the Forest., In fairness, most of these would still pass the wall-stick test., Headed to Burning Man? Don't forget about the new business-casual dress code in effect. We hear it's being strictly enforced., The 'Bang Van' crew won't let anything stop their mobile porn shoot, no matter how uncomfortable or painful it gets. (NSFW)

Click here to watch more from Nick Swardson! http://bit.ly/1tao3Na, Happy National Dog Day! Kick back and let these GIFs remind you why dogs are the best., Animal Fact of the Day, The artists of FYF Fest share their tips and tricks for navigating (and surviving) any music festival., Is pizza your copilot? Tell the world with this exclusive T-shirt! Just $12 for a limited time when you use this link: http://bit.ly/1ludvWX, Spend an unforgettable weekend in Gotham City’s ultimate party pad! Just be ready to play by house rules., Comedian Ron Funches gets weird with special guest Taboo (Black Eyed Peas) on his five-minute late-night talk show., Dave Chappelle makes a triumphant return to the scene of his infamous onstage meltdown a year earlier., Guy Talk is just a really cool show for guys to talk about their feelings on SPIKE!

Click here to watch more Guy Talk! http://bit.ly/1lsWXhZ, Did you know Starbucks has a secret menu? As long as you know the recipe, you can order these drinks anywhere!, Emmy Awards host Seth Meyers joins Billy Eichner for a blistering round of everyone's favorite pop-trivia game, For a Dollar!, Needless to say he's feeling pretty good about Breaking Bad's chances., How to Enjoy Debate Team, Want to start the week with the right perspective? Try these pics., Trying to find a good massage therapist can be a real nightmare., The music video for Garfunkel & Oates'  immortal classic, "Hand Job, Bland Job, I Don't Understand Job." (NSFW), Putin ups the ante on the so-called Ice Bucket "Challenge.", These links aren't trying to creep you out, but it's a distinct possibility., RANDY is happy to help, but first you need to tap that app. Tap it real good., No PowerPoint presentation should be complete without a healthy dose of gritty noir surrealism.
, Eyes need a rest? Stuff your ear holes full of funny for a change! Check us out on SoundCloud! https://soundcloud.com/funnyordie, Butts make everything better. Why not the news?, Jerrod Carmichael lets loose backstage with fellow comedians at the Oddball Comedy & Curiosity Festival.

Get your Oddball tickets now, and check out Jerrod's HBO special Oct. 4! http://www.funnyordie.com/oddball, This week’s GIFs are getting all up in your face., Dorothy (Alexa Vega) nominates her friends the Lion, the Tin Man, and the Scarecrow before her Ice Bucket Challenge goes horribly wrong., null, Can Elisabeth Moss (Mad Men) and an iconic piece of movie memorabilia keep Ted Danson and Mark Duplass together?, Fiending for a Simpsons fix the TV marathon can't satisfy? Relax, we've got you covered., Oddball Comedy & Curiosity Festival continues this weekend with Louis C.K., Bill Burr, Hannibal Buress, Chris Hardwick, and more!

See the schedule here and get your tickets before it’s too late! 
http://www.funnyordie.com/oddball, Ah yes, the old cake-decorating-skills-slash-compulsive-lying gambit. Practically never fails., Lot of people calling in sick today with a bad case of The Simpsons marathon., Well shoot, that's not how you're supposed to do it., A couple’s happiness depends on both partners agreeing … that $7,000 for Prince’s ‘Purple Rain’ outfit is a steal!, These probably didn't help the cause., You might not believe it based on what's happening in Ferguson, but America has changed A LOT in 50 years. These photos prove it., Because the actual news is too damn depressing., You don't want to disappoint this little guy, do you?

Follow us on Pinterest now! http://www.pinterest.com/funnyordie, Bryan took a Lyft for the first time! It was as delightful as an emu leg in Disneyland. Meanwhile, Erin reveals that women get waaay less financial loans for businesses than men do, and Bryan discusses a new poll revealing how LGBTs feel about religion., Apparently there's more to it than just looking as white and male as humanly possible., If you had people staring at you every day for centuries you’d be pretty narcissistic too., Way to play to your audience, ladies., With 'The Expendables 3' bombing over its opening weekend, the series' survival hinges on these improbable spin-offs., Let this video remind you that the world isn't all bad — especially not for this little guy., Doesn't mean they feel the burn any less., Animal Fact of the Day, Ferguson police were really excited to have the National Guard join their Batman-themed costume party., The rumors about Beyonce and Jay Z's marriage are getting crazier every day., One Line Movie Review, Facebook's new "Satire" ID tag is just the beginning. Here are some more helpful tags coming soon to your timeline., Guys, the Ice Bucket Challenge raised over $15 million! And it only wasted $16 million worth of water!, Good thing they aren't bitter or anything., Our 'Between Two Ferns' Emmy just kicked up the classy factor of our office a few notches!, Babies can be absolutely terrifying., This week's pics are just one big bucket of smiles., Feeling apathetic? Let these links work their magic on you., Between Two Ferns with Zach Galifianakis and President Barack Obama just won an Emmy!

Congrats to the whole team! Celebrate by watching the memorable interview again: http://bit.ly/1pq0yfT, You think being a Comcast customer is bad? Try being an employee., The Miz may be the WWE's current Intercontinental Champion, but that doesn't mean he always gets respect., Sometimes you've just got to free your inner party animal from its cage and see what happens., Searching for amazing GIFs? Don't sweat it. We've got you covered., Your magical mystery tour starts here., WARNING: This post contains graphic elements., He likes great books and he cannot lie., All smiles today shooting with Tyler Posey and Chloë Moretz. Video coming soon to FOD!, Some hot tips on how to look like America's sexiest mutant., Oddball Comedy & Curiosity Festival continues this weekend with Dave Attell, Louis C.K., Hannibal Buress, Sarah Silverman, and more! 

Get tickets to these and other upcoming shows here! http://www.funnyordie.com/oddball, You know things are bad when the ED-209 from 'Robocop' seems like a chill alternative to the real police., Order now, before that excitement you're feeling gradually, inevitably fades into bitter resentment., Pro tip: Make sure you've actually won first., Go ahead, steal a quick peek at these GIFs. We ain’t seen nuthin’., Defeat all that’s good in the world with these hot new Kim Kardashian mobile games!, What do breast-feeding in public, the new HIV prevention pill, and the woman in the awesome pantsuit from Superman II have in common? They're all up for debate on this week's Throwing Shade!, Be prepared for some truly shocking transformations., Need to distract your boss from your poor performance at work? This might not be the best way to do it. , The only thing that can stop a bad guy with a gun is a good guy with a really cool utility belt., Keep your eye on these GIFs. They're pretty crafty., A tasty new theme song for pretentious food snobs everywhere., Worlds colliding, man., Minnesotans are furious over Kevin Love leaving the Timberwolves, and they're not afraid to show it., Robin Williams was a legend on the silver screen, but a true genius off it., He's hopped up on Nutri-Grain bars and ready to rumble., Insomniac with Dave Attell was reality TV at its gritty, sloppy best., You’ve seen the videos. You know it’s for charity. Just do it already. Here's how., Stylist to the stars Brad Goreski finally gets his chance to do things “dudes” do, like throw a football and play “Grand Theft Autozone.”, How to Enjoy Writing Letters, Sean Bean has a hard time on the set of Legends adjusting to his character not dying., You won't be able to take your eyes off this week's best pics., He's a folksy detective with an insatiable drive to solve crime ... and eat people., Stick to links that are guaranteed to love you back — like these., You’ll need to take a cold shower after watching Aubrey Plaza and Dane DeHaan reenact this steamy bit of fan fiction., A heavily armed basketball team is a safe basketball team., Is there any color Zoë Saldana can't play?!, Repeat after us: "I, for one, welcome our new driverless-car overlords.”, The calm before the storm. Oddball Comedy & Curiosity Festival begins tonight in Tampa! Be there or be some place that's not Tampa.

Get your tickets now! http://www.funnyordie.com/oddball, Ever wonder what The Expendables 3 would be like if it was made for babies? Here's your answer., What you see is a GIF set crafted to perfection., What's wrong with a little sociological tampering? Everybody's doing it., Christina Hendricks discovers the modern office hasn't moved much beyond the Mad Men era when it comes to fair pay for women., Just ONE DAY until The Oddball Comedy & Curiosity Festival starts w/ Louis C.K. & a roster of phenomenal comics! 

Tickets: http://funnyordie.com/oddball, These GIFs will tickle your funny bone, over and over again., Our new writer really wants to take the fall off to go apple picking, but Ruth from HR is being no fun., When Christina Hendricks (Mad Men) gets a job at a new office, it's unclear which is more old-fashioned: her style, her typing skills, or the office's policies toward women., And then they lived happily ever. No, wait, everyone died., Animal Fact of the Day, Erin did drugs in a teepee and met Bryan's hippie double in Nevada City, a man was fired from his job for using the word "homophone" on Facebook, and Nicki Minaj's booty pic gets mixed reactions. Erin and Bryan's response? The two worst Nicki Minaj impressions ever! , A new relationship is a lot like visiting Jurassic Park. It's amazing and beautiful at first. Then there's the screaming and the running., This kid is destined for a career in news media, apparently., Ask Dr. Sex Man. He's already blown it so you don't have to., Really depends on how you define "romantic," though., Time to get your swagga on., If the rumors of Jay-Z and Beyonce's failing marriage are true, she can't handle the truth!, When terrible pizza meets delicious irony., Let's bring everyone with Ebola to America and have them compete on a dating show then use the ad revenue to find a cure., He’s positively glowing., President Obama turned 53 yesterday, and all he got was this crappy card., Three-time PGA Tour winner Jason Dufner teaches you how to do everything like a pro golfer, whether you're on or off the course., These GIFs are the next best thing to making out with a unicorn. Probably., The new Fifty Shades of Grey trailer is innocent compared to this steamy classic starring Selena Gomez and Nick Kroll., News the U.S. economy is suddenly booming has everyone wondering what turned it around. Here are the most likely causes., Reality is not a Disney movie., Billy Eichner challenges a stranger to a brand-new 60-second quiz game that asks the burning question: What kind of gross is it?!, Tony Montana’s rise as Miami’s top drug kingpin wasn’t the only interesting story in ‘Scarface.’ Say hello to the obscure, tragic character of Octavio the clown., This week's pics are pretty hard to ignore., This week's links are letting it all hang out. Deal with it., The feel-good documentary everyone is gushing about., Game of Thrones' Sean Bean had a special message when he signed our wall today., Shrooms were a bad choice. , The CIA's unauthorized search of 81-year-old senator Dianne Feinstein's personal computer yielded some truly shocking material., #FriendFriday

Follow Reggie Watts and give your comedy consciousness a much-needed reboot., How to Enjoy Skateboarding, A classic sitcom setup takes a seriously dark turn in this Saved by the Bell parody when the new kid mentions the Oddball Comedy & Curiosity Festival.

Oddball kicks off August 8! Get your tickets now and find out what all the fuss is about!, John Boehner and the GOP-led House voted to sue President Obama on Wednesday. Too bad for Boehner his lawyer wants nothing to do with it., Hilary Duff stopped by the office today and took this selfie when she signed our wall., The most heated Williams-on-Williams rivalry since Venus and Serena., Y'all made him lose his cool., Kim Jong-un is super pissed at Seth Rogen and James Franco for assassinating him in their upcoming film, The Interview. So he's hitting them where it hurts., Only 8 days till Oddball Comedy & Curiosity Festival launches with Amy Schumer and loads more amazing comedians!

Get tickets now! http://www.funnyordie.com/oddball, Yup, this pretty much covers it. Feel free to go back to watching TV., After more than 20 years, David Lynch finally reveals the entire mystery of Twin Peaks, starting with these deleted scenes., Huge missed opportunity not calling it 'Sharknado 2: Atlantic Boogaloo.', Clearly we need to send all our celebrities to pitching camp, immediately., Great ideas can be hazardous to your health., Looks like the New York Times staff was totally on board with the paper's recent endorsement of legal weed., Since when are dudes the ones in charge of picking out your lipstick and tampons? Since forever! Plus, Cosmo went equal-opportunity with their crazy sex advice by profiling 28 mind-blowing sex positions for lesbians. But where’s the vulva again?!, Animal Fact of the Day, The world's greatest novelizationalist shares his secrets on how to turn any movie or TV show into a brilliant novel., If hilarious Jeopardy screenshots were competing, this would be the Tournament of Champions., These little guys just need to put their feet up, all four of them., All the ’Murica you can handle for $9.95 a month., You thought Facebook was bad about manipulating its users? OKCupid has taken social engineering to a whole new level., Congratulations to Grant Cotter, grand-prize winner of Funny Or Die’s Road 2 Oddball Contest! Check out his submission video here: http://bit.ly/1nEvbOo

See Grant perform alongside titans of comedy at Oddball Comedy & Curiosity Festival starting August 8 and coming to a city near you! http://www.funnyordie.com/oddball, One Line Movie Review, Looking to jump on the CrossFit bandwagon? Follow these tips to get started filling your Facebook wall with pictures of you doing CrossFit., "Let Pooper pick you up so you can drop it off." , Funny Or Die’s newest writer, Mike Scollins, and Ruth from HR debate the merits of viewing porn at work., The first photographic evidence of the existence of Spider-Mau5, and other highlights from Comic-Con 2014., Sarah Palin's new TV channel costs $99.95 a year. Or you could just Skype with your aunt's craziest friend for free., A pop-culture reporter gets a rude awakening when his attempt to troll Comic-Con attendees backfires horribly., A scandalously good collection of pics. , Chris Matthews shows Canada what a hard-hitting cable news program is supposed to look like., This week's links are positively filthy with comedy., Harnessing the super powers of a spider bite takes more strength than most men can muster., Oddball Comedy & Curiosity Festival featuring Louis C.K., Sarah Silverman, Aziz Ansari, Amy Schumer, Jim Gaffigan, Bill Burr, and many more will be landing in a city near you starting August 8!

Get tickets now! http://www.funnyordie.com/oddball, George R.R. Martin gets into character as Daenerys. Nails it. Just another day at Comic-Con. Click below for more., Dat butt chin tho., #FriendFriday

Have you had your dose of black comedy today? Follow Chris D'Elia and catch him on this summer's Oddball Comedy & Curiosity Festival., JaVale McGee and Lamorne Morris show the kids how it's done in the video for Wiz Khalifa and Juicy J's TMNT rap anthem, "Shell Shocked.", This week’s best GIFs can really take a punch., Thought the Supreme Court was an "old boys' club" before? You probably didn't know about the forts, nudie mags, and no-girls-allowed rulings., In the movie 'Lucy,' Scarlett Johansson gains incredible mental powers that turn her into a superhuman. Sadly, most people aren't Scarlett Johansson., Why did Ray Rice get just a two-game suspension for beating his fiancée while Josh Gordon loses a full season for marijuana? Turns out NFL policy is pretty clear on this stuff., Mary Poppins (Kristen Bell) calls B.S. on her unlivable wage.

Watch 'Mary Poppins Quits with Kristen Bell' here! http://bit.ly/WNewhg, Only 15 days till Oddball Comedy & Curiosity Festival kicks off with Chris D'Elia and loads more amazing comedians!

Get tickets now! http://www.funnyordie.com/oddball, Unless getting your ass kicked by a giant stuffed animal in front of an arena full of people is just “your thing.”, Rob Corddry (Sex Tape, Childrens Hospital) is taking over our Twitter tomorrow at 10AM PST from the floor of Comic-Con!

Tweet questions for him @funnyordie and read his live answers here! http://www.funnyordie.com/twitter-takeover, David Boreanaz and Emily Deschanel soldier through a painfully awkward Comic-Con Q&A session., Mary Poppins (Kristen Bell) is working for minimum wage, and really needs a raise., New captions give these notoriously tasteless old Playboy cartoons a whole new meaning. (NSFW), A completely sane and reasonable argument on why sand and dirt are way more valuable than human lives., Cleveland Indians first baseman Nick Swisher challenges the Barwis Methods staff to a no-holds-barred bro-down.

See more of Nick Swisher on American Muscle tonight at 9/8c on Discovery!, Happy Batman Day! You don't need superpowers to be a hero. Just a lot of cash and dead parents., Do you have what it takes to call yourself a master of the outdoors? Take this quiz and find out!, Thor is a woman now, but Dawn of the Planet of the Apes is pretty much all straight dudes. On the plus side, amazing singer-songwriter LP stops by to talk Elvis, whistle the theme song from 'Friends,' and sing a song from her new album. You won't believe her voice!, Role-playing aside, aren't we all just the same desperate biological organisms hoping for some anonymous sex with a stranger?, Hey, look, exposed blades moving at high speed. Let's definitely not leave them alone!, Eye twitches are caused by bright screens, lack of sleep, caffeine, alcohol, and stress. That's like the greatest hits album of adulthood., You did this, you monsters!, The upcoming ‘Fight Club’ sequel checks in with our fighters in their mid-40s. Naturally, the club's rules have evolved to keep pace., Where's Barney when you need him?, Animal Fact of the Day, Zach Galifianakis and Ted Danson attempt to bring indie-rock band The National's acclaimed documentary to the stage., More proof that dogs have mastered the art of chillin'., Get ready to be tickled pink!, It doesn't get better., Truly a breathtaking experience., Ice cream can't fix all your problems, but at leas— wait, never mind, this just in: Ice cream can fix all your problems., Prepare to be stunned., A-Rod fans offer their own salute in this parody of Derek Jeter's RE2PECT campaign. , Be on the lookout for a few surprise cameos in this week’s links., Shocking pics of stars like you've never seen them before!, Steve gets an "A" in keeping it real., How to Enjoy Coffee, Weird Al’s latest parodies of Pharrell, Robin Thicke, Lorde, Iggy Azalea, and more all in one convenient location. , #FriendFriday

Follow Traci Lords and add a little slice of Heaven to your Facebook experience. , It’s Friday! Kick-start your weekend with these totally extreme GIFs!, "Weird Al" Yankovic doesn't need a full marching band behind him to tell you your team sucks. But it definitely doesn't hurt. , Your secret's out, ladies., How will you spend your 48 hours of complete lawlessness?, Oddball Comedy & Curiosity Festival kicks off in just 22 days with Sarah Silverman and tons more amazing comedians!

Get tickets now! http://www.funnyordie.com/oddball, Happy World Emoji Day, everybody! Celebrate with this tribute to those emojis that sadly didn't make this year's cut., BREAKING: Florida governor Rick Scott resigns after he's caught doing science in an airport bathroom stall., The internet exploded with Marvel's announcement that Thor would now be a woman. Naturally, Twitter had the most to say., Joey, Johnny, Dee Dee, and Tommy are getting the band back together in Heaven, with only some minor complaints from the neighbors, including Dave Foley and Traci Lords., A man hears for the first time. You won't believe what happens next., Funny Or Die consults our resident expert on the mechanics of car sex and using wheels like hands., NFL rivals Ndamukong Suh and T.J. Lang square off on tonight's new American Muscle.

Watch the whole tense encounter at 9/8c on Discovery!, Marvel just made Thor a woman. Here's a glimpse at what she's up against. , Happy birthday, Will Ferrell! Time to blow out the GIFs and make a wish., Jack Antonoff from the bands Fun. and Bleachers and his fashion designer sister, Rachel, stop by to throw shade and sing a tune from Jack's new album, 'Strange Desire.', Animal Fact of the Day, If there's a better goat-vs.–blow-up chair video on the internet, we don't want to know about it! Kidding. Of course we do. But there isn't., Funny Or Die's newest writer, Mike Scollins, continues to butt heads with Ruth in HR., Here’s a Vine we made about our new Snapchat story where a bunch of FOD staff members get very pissed off. So meta.

Add FunnyOrDie on Snapchat now to check it out along with a bunch of other crazy stuff!, With all the bad press today, Comcast would like to personally remind you of their official corporate policy toward their customers., Just pick a damn restaurant already!, He's super-serious, you guys., With all the obvious perks minimum-wage employees already enjoy, John Boehner can’t understand why they need more., Keep getting your Islamic militant groups confused with cartoons, wallet apps, and ’90s pop songs? This chart can help., The dinosaur is out of the bag. This leaked brochure reveals everything you need to know about the upcoming Jurassic World., Did you hear the news?! We got six Emmy nominations! Congrats to the whole FOD team!, Gun control is a really simple issue when it's framed as, "Should talking apes have access to assault rifles?", Let these pics put a giant, kinda creepy smile on your face., Speaking of Darwin Award winners., Disgraced celebrity photographer Terry Richardson and ousted American Apparel CEO Dov Charney have a new reality show., As with all endeavors, it is imperative to maintain certain societal standards when running the world., Enjoy these links. It's your patriotic duty., Boy gets girl. Credits roll. Reality sets in., Jesus returns to set the record straight on science., This week’s best GIFs are a true Tour de Nope., LeBron announces his return to Cleveland. The internet be like..., How to Enjoy Funerals, Totally badass move by LeBron James sticking it to Cleveland Cavaliers owner Dan Gilbert with this letter., Cavaliers owner Dan Gilbert makes "The Decision" to apologize to LeBron James for his infamous "Comic Sans Open Letter." Starring Pat O'Brien., The future is here. Prepare yourself., Sit back and let the waves wash all your troubles away., Showers have 3 temperatures: 
1) Too hot. 
2) Too cold. 
3) Never leaving, gonna move here and start a family., It's not about healing fast, it's about healing right. , Oddball Comedy & Curiosity Festival countdown is on! Featuring Louis C.K., Aziz Ansari, Amy Schumer, Sarah Silverman, and many more! 

Buy your tickets now! http://www.oddballfest.com/, The NSA responds with shocking candor to allegations that the U.S. has been spying on Germany., A man hands out red and yellow cards to New Yorkers he sees committing social faux pas., Harry Potter and his friends finally get to act their age. And it's as depressing as it sounds., Explains the noise and the mess., Here's a sneak peek of our new show American Muscle starring larger-than-life trainer Mike Barwis.

Catch the intense premiere featuring Richard Sherman TONIGHT at 9/8c on Discovery!, Singer-songwriter Sharon Van Etten joins Erin and Bryan to talk harmonies, Working Girl, and the toddler from The Passion of the Christ., Jane Lynch is raising awareness about a serious problem: Your house smells bad but you can't seem to notice it., Turns out Kanye’s infamous rants are as calculated as everything else he does., Click the photo and post your questions in the comments for Mike Barwis, star of Funny Or Die's new show American Muscle!, Nobody's more eager to know what LeBron's plans are than teammate and fellow free agent Chris Bosh. Nobody., Richard Sherman is rendered (almost) speechless by American Muscle star Mike Barwis' freakishly strong leg muscle.

Watch the series premiere of Funny Or Die's American Muscle tomorrow night at 9/8c on Discovery!, Fresh GIFs straight from the field. Get 'em while they're hot., Mike Barwis, star of our new series American Muscle, is taking over our Twitter tomorrow at 1 p.m. PST! Get pumped!

Follow the action here: https://twitter.com/funnyordie, Sarah Palin has started publicly campaigning for the open co-host seat on 'The View.' We gotta admit, she has a decent résumé., Clearly it's time to reinstate the federal ban on military-style assault sharks., Maria Bamford and Melinda Hill are part of a compulsive-debtors support group with a dubious approach to recovery., A spot-on Lorde impersonation and ode to the weak link on soccer teams everywhere., Funny Or Die's newest writer, Mike Scollins, hits the ground running with a wildly inappropriate email to FOD's HR rep., Rainn Wilson is not messing around with his Twitter strategy., Mike Barwis, star of our new show American Muscle, is doing a reddit AMA right now. Go ahead, ask him anything! http://bit.ly/1mte0ye, Don't be lured by false promises. When we say best pics, we mean it., When Nona from Italy offers to cook you a meal, you’d best just eat it., How to Enjoy Prank Calls, Horatio Sanz and Becky G reveal the terrifying power of unchecked World Cup fever with an anthem that puts Pitbull and J-Lo's to shame., Feeling tense? These links will put you right at ease., Strengthen your laugh muscles with this week's best GIFs., God bless America and our inalienable right to imaginary food sensitivity., The Star-Spangled Banner is powerful, beautiful, and inspiring. It's also more than 200 years old. This new national anthem accurately reflects America's more recent history. , Oddball Comedy & Curiosity Festival kicks off in just 36 days with Louis C.K. and tons of amazing comedians! 

Get tickets now: http://funnyordie.com/oddball, Own all of this year's best fireworks to put on a great show in the comfort of your own home., Facebook conducted some creepy psychological experiments recently. Here are five more you never heard about., Who needs acting classes? Syd Wilder offers all the advice you need to make it in Hollywood., Yesterday's World Cup elimination got you down? Here's your playbook to redemption., Christina Hendricks stopped by yesterday! She's the only person allowed to smoke in our office., America's entire defense budget should go directly to Tim Howard., Erin and Bryan discuss Hobby Lobby's birth-control controversy, and enjoy a visit from Rhett Miller of Old 97's, who plays a song and dishes about Axl Rose wearing a muumuu while getting a foot massage., Don't spend half your day off deciding how to celebrate. We've got you covered with 1776 simple steps., "Soccer expert" Christopher Mintz-Plasse travels to Brazil to kick it with legendary players and tap into World Cup party fever., A couple opening a restaurant learns that graphic design is hard. Really hard., You may not always agree with America, but it sure knows how to party., He's not looking to be a hero. But a "Thank you" would be nice., Move and groove to the sweet rhythm of failure., She wrote letters to her husband. They went to the future., The Supreme Court ruled that the Affordable Care Act requiring corporations to pay for insurance coverage for contraception violated a federal law protecting religious freedom. 

Fortunately, Hobby Lobby employees have all the supplies they need to replace their birth control with good ol' arts and crafts! , A wordsmith with a bad case of writer’s block gets hit with a big surprise when he’s lured to the ultimate wooded retreat., Are you ready for today's World Cup match vs. Belgium? Mike Barwis is!, Abraham Lincwin (Tony Hale) and Teddy Goalsevelt pass a soccer ball and an inspirational chant back and forth from Los Angeles to Brazil to fire up Team USA for the World Cup., Maria Bamford, Melinda Hill, and many more famous friends introduce Debtors Anonymous: a support group for compulsive debtors envisioning themselves toward financial freedom., Behind the scenes of Chromeo's In-Flight Safety Video.

Watch the funkiness now! http://bit.ly/1qLCHqy, These lawyers always brew the perfect defense., Hobby Lobby clears the air about its health-care plan following today's Supreme Court ruling., Time to dig deep. The debate is on., One Line Movie Review, These amazing pics will move you in all the right places., Chromeo helps an airline make its safety video a whole lot funkier., Lazy Sunday? Get to work laughing at this week's best links!, Tom Hanks: He's just like us! Only nicer. And MUCH classier., Oddball Comedy & Curiosity Festival is bringing the world's top comedians, including Louis C.K., Aziz Ansari, Sarah Silverman, and many more to a city near you! 

Get your tickets now! http://www.funnyordie.com/oddball, Why go to Brazil when you've got all the soccer freaks you could shake a poop-stick at right here in the streets of New York?, Following the NBA Draft, Andrew Wiggins and all the other top picks say what they honestly think about their new cities., Time is a flat circle. No guarantees about the DVDs inside this box, though., As everyone knows, a horny Paul Bunyan is a dangerous Paul Bunyan., Syncing up the classic 1986 Transformers movie with Michael Bay’s latest trailer is the best thing to ever happen to this franchise., Good Advice, GIFs so good you'll want to kiss them on the mouth., A ladies night out is a great way to forget about that stupid ex-boyfriend. Drunk texting him afterward is not., Justice delivered South Boston–style. Wicked NSFW., Gary Oldman has apologized for making offensive remarks about Jewish people in a Playboy interview. But he's not apologizing for this centerfold spread., What's Hot Right Now, Go behind the scenes of Night Night with Ron Funches to see the birth of the shortest late-night talk show in history. All killer no filler!, When you say "At least you tried your best" to console someone's failure, you're really saying "Even your optimum performance is pure shit.", Kim Jong Un promises not to obliterate the U.S. as long as Seth Rogen and James Franco's 'The Interview' uses his ending., Comedian Ron Funches packs an entire late-night talk show into less than five minutes., Will Ferrell writing partner and Funny Or Die head honcho Adam McKay shares some insane stories from his early days in comedy., Prime fodder for a Twitter feeding frenzy., Here's what you can expect from Michael Bay's latest assault on your most cherished memories from childhood., Mad Men–style drinking meeting updated for the modern alcoholic., The strength of women is best illustrated by the fact that aunts can carry 100 times their body weight., Kim and Kanye's Coachella-themed party for their daughter featured all the hottest baby bands a one-year-old could ask for., Oddball Comedy & Curiosity Festival is back! The world's top comedians are touring this summer to make YOU laugh. 

Tickets on sale Saturday! http://www.oddballfest.com/, World Cup rivals Luis Suárez and Giorgio Chiellini star in a biting reboot of The Silence of the Lambs., Animal Fact of the Day, You're just a status update away from a brand-new you., The term "Easter eggs" has never sounded so dirty. (NSFW), Calvin and Hobbes' Bill Watterson guest writing some recent Pearls Before Swine strips has inspired more shocking comic collaborations., A new kind of sexually transmitted disease hiding in plain sight., Got GIFs?, Mike Barwis and Rich Eisen field some tough questions after the 'American Muscle' screening., Mike Barwis and Rich Eisen are pumped for the Los Angeles premiere of American Muscle. Coming to Discovery on July 9!, Justice isn't THAT blind., One Line Movie Review, The CIA recently launched its official Twitter account, and as you can imagine, they have a strict protocol for clearing each tweet., Greatest wedding rant of ALL TIME, fam!, Hottest pics in town. No cover., If you think playing in the World Cup is exhausting, imagine the team moms who have to cut all those orange slices for halftime of 64 games., Dodge, duck, dip, dive, and dodge all you want — you can't escape the awesomeness of these links., All the cat-fighting drama of 'Love & Hip Hop' but with more actual maulings from big cats., How to Enjoy Tape, This is how a real couple determines who pays the check., Eyes up here, buddy., #FriendFriday

Whip your news feed into shape. Follow Mike Barwis, trainer of top athletes and star of our new Discovery series, 'American Muscle.', These GIFs bring all the boys to the yard., The true, horrifying tale of the ultimate blind-date disaster., Do you really want to know the story behind that engagement ring?, We could make a joke here, but instead we’ll just bite our lips., After firing controversial CEO Dov Charney, American Apparel still has a lot of cleaning up to do., Petyr "Littlefinger" Baelish is here to help with all your office tech needs., Nothing is scarier than creepy white children in horror movies., The only thing worse than dealing with creepy sexts is having to admit you know this many Smash Mouth lyrics., Rick Perry holds a press conference to explain his comment comparing homosexuality to alcoholism., Washington #Redskins owner Dan Snyder responds to the logo controversy., The U.S. Patent Office has cancelled the Houston Texans trademark citing their 2013 record as disparaging to the state of Texas., When Beliebers attack., A secret original painting was just discovered under Picasso’s classic ‘The Blue Room.’ Turns out it wasn't the only one hiding something., If you absolutely must leave your house to go to the beach this summer, be sure to protect yourself with these proven tips., What not to ask George R.R. Martin when you meet him in an elevator., A bloody-good song about the joys of getting your period., Animal Fact of the Day, Chocolate-covered raisins would be a lot better if they didn't have all that raisin bullsh*t., They're suspiciously delicious. , Tim Duncan's fifth championship win with the Spurs has unleashed his inner wild man. It's all right here in his day planner., A reclusive cat lady following the cries of a kitty in distress discovers it was actually the call of the wild., We always knew that dandy was hiding something under there. Check out more possibilities below., We produced a unique docu-reality series that takes you inside the gritty Detroit-area gym where unconventional athletic trainer Mike Barwis and his crew shape the world’s top athletes and help people overcome life-changing injuries. 

This adrenaline rush isn’t what you might expect from Funny Or Die, but there are plenty of laughs amid the intensity. Coming soon to Discovery!, Game of Thrones creator George R.R. Martin stars in the shocking season finale of Gay of Thrones!, When you put GIFs like these together, everybody comes out on top., Players and coaches get real about the Spurs' big win last night and LeBron's "The Decision," with a special cameo from Drake., Four seasons worth of Game of Thrones bloodshed has left behind quite the mess at King's Landing. One maid has had enough., Did you hear about that soccer team? THEY BEAT THE OTHER SOCCER TEAM!!! Truly a great and memorable day to be alive., A middle-aged suburban couple gears up to meet the hot young Italians moving in next door., We gathered these pics special just for you. No, really, just you., A secret society of Hollywood actresses reveals just how powerful black women really are., Ready for the season finale of Game of Thrones tonight? You won't be until you watch Jonathan the hairdresser's recap of last week's episode!, Don't say we didn't warn you., The most awkward Father's Day card ever written., Terry Richardson isn't the only sketchy fashion photographer in town., Mr. Perry, consider this an intervention., Going to a bar to watch TV at 9 a.m. doesn't mean you're a soccer fan. It means you're an unemployed alcoholic., #FriendFriday

Follow Orange Is the New Black's Uzo Aduba and bring some serious versatility to your news feed., Hint: Follow the trail of poor life choices., Aw yeah, it's on now., Not all fathers are husbands and not all husbands are fathers, but all husbands are husbands., Mom. Dad. Relax. I got this., Lots of great stories but no hard evidence., Notorious Hollywood blogger Nikki Finke has rekindled her feud with former employer Deadline.com on her new website. In case you missed it, here’s the gritty backstory, starring Jean Smart and Christina Applegate., Pitbull is Mr. Worldwide as long as the only places you travel to are Miami and Cuba., "What sorcery is this?", How to Enjoy Babies, In other E3 news, Microsoft unveils its new Wii U with Vita support!, Judy Greer never fails at finding love ... for everyone else., Last week, the comedy world lost one of its brightest young stars when Dan Ronan passed away at 24. Here's one of his best bits from The Late Live Show with Joe Kwaczala., Couldn't make it to E3 this year? Don't worry, reading this post is the next best thing., Just please stop making American heads explode by calling it "football." , Danish singer MØ joins Bryan and Erin to talk gluten, the Tony Awards, Real Housewives, and orienteering, and sing one of her most popular songs!, We’re on Kik! Join us for all the exclusive GIFs and pics you can handle!, It's been 30 years since 'Gremlins' came out. Why are we only now learning it's not okay to make fun of Gizmo's tiny, furry penis?, Uzo Aduba auditioned for every single role on ‘Orange Is the New Black’ before being cast as Crazy Eyes., Who knew Rihanna got her now-infamous see-through dress on Amazon? But that's not the only surprising item in her search history., Join the '22 Jump Street' cast tonight for a new @Midnight on Comedy Central! Jonah Hill, Channing Tatum, Ice Cube, Rob Riggle & Jimmy Tatro! Midnight after Colbert. Be there., Animal Fact of the Day, See the stars of the the second best team in the NBA from 1996–’97 pick, roll, and pirouette their way straight into your heart!, Listen up, Billy Eichner fans! All 3 seasons of Billy On The Street are now available on Amazon in their full HD glory! , In case your priorities are all out of whack and you missed Sunday's Game of Thrones for the Tony Awards or the NBA playoffs, don't worry, Jonathan the hairdresser's got your back with a fresh recap!, Abbie Cornish navigates a post-apocalyptic hellscape patrolled by an unstoppable corporate-media juggernaut. Coming sooner than you think., These GIFs can’t even., Shaping up to be quite the week of pretending to know anything about hockey or soccer!, A hungry homeless man is no match for two crazy white chicks., One Line Movie Review, Exclusive excerpt from a computer-generated text chat that duped researchers into thinking they were talking to a real 13-year-old boy!, Once these pics get their claws in you they may never let you go., For these film critics, the success of a big-budget action movie like 'Godzilla' rests on one simple question: Is it "nine-eleveny" enough?, Don't even try to watch tonight's new Game of Thrones without Jonathan the hairdresser's tidy recap of last week's episode!, Another new Game of Thrones tonight! Get ready for more of your favorite characters to probably/almost certainly die horrible deaths! Yay, suffering!, These links don't even know their own strength., Like many of his celebrity clients, photographer Terry Richardson has published his own children's book., There are few things in life that can't be improved by adding a drum solo., Because just like what’s inside a hot dog, it’s probably best if you didn’t know., Tetris turned the big 3-0 today. And like most 30-year-olds, it’s more grown up than ever, but still has a lot to figure out., The real story behind LeBron James' cramps and the air-conditioning problem in game 1 of the NBA Finals., You can't take the good without the bad., Choose any person, living or dead, and Belle Banquets will bring them to dinner! No guarantees on what happens next, though., Badass GIFs coming your way. HIGH FIVE!, Someone has to stand up and fight for the right to see breasts on Instagram., Check out the top 5 finalists in our Make Em LAFF competition!

One grand-prize winner will be announced at our comedy showcase at the Los Angeles Film Festival on June 14, featuring Kumail Nanjiani, Cameron Esposito, Jerrod Carmichael, Baron Vaughn, and Hasan Minhaj!, The NFL's controversial break with Super Bowl naming tradition has the letter L extremely pissed., We got ahold of Amazon's uncut teaser video for their amazing new device!, It's like he's plumbing the depths of your soul., A stressed-out cabbie on the hunt for a promising fare suddenly finds himself immersed neck-deep in nature., How to Enjoy Boxes, Zach Galifianakis choreographs Kevin Drew’s new music video featuring Feist. Nails it., Who doesn't love to help a friend move?, Nothing sets the mood for a graphic decapitation better than an uptempo bossa nova score., LeVar Burton knows books. Take a look at his latest recommendation and see if you agree., Are you not entertained?!, Rob Corddry and other famous friends star in Guided By Voices' new music video., Somewhere, Hunter S. Thompson is shaking his damn head., LeVar Burton is back and ready to unleash the full, terrifying potential of Reading Rainbow’s “go anywhere, be anything” message., Nineteenth-century bitches were the worst. , You can lie about where you went to college and nobody has any idea. Pretty sure you can also just lie about going to college., Game of Thrones will kill everyone you love. Just accept it. Then fill out this release form so you can't sue HBO for emotional distress., Thomas Middleditch ('Silicon Valley') teaches a confused couple how to have sex., Animal Fact of the Day, Relive the exploits of Baby Barack Obama, Valyrian Solange, reformed Lindsay Lohan, Munch-Munch, and the rest of the Game of Thrones crew in Jonathan the Hairdresser’s latest episode recap!, Comedian Todd Glass hits the streets with a reality check for anybody who thinks life was better "back in the day.", Winter is coming. Keep your hair looking fabulous with Snow Blow, the only hair-care product made by bastards for bastards., One Line Movie Review, Get a frst look at Apple’s exciting new text-prediction software!, Play everyone’s favorite game of crucial choices with the titans of tech!, Wait a minute, iOS 8 has a feature that lets you leave a group text?!? We're free! WE'RE ALL FINALLY FREE!, Bob Mould gets a lesson in modern music marketing from Colin Meloy of The Decemberists., Pics so good they'll make you lose your mind., Apple unveils a new home-automation system that will forever alter our relationship to technology., It's been two weeks since the last new Game of Thrones. Let Margaret Cho and Jonathan the hairdresser refresh your memory before tonight's new episode!, Ready or not, this week's best links are fully loaded and all coming at you at once., Abbie Cornish is our new chief of security., Dr. Sex Man is back, and more confused than ever. Especially with that whole "table-pretending position.", A man marooned on an island sends out a desperate, sexy plea for help., We're guessing the "Florida manhandle" came in a close second., #FriendFriday

Follow actor and comedian Steven Brody Stevens. He's a stand-up guy., There are plenty of dumber things you could be doing than enjoying GIFs right now. Don't be a dummy. Choose GIFs., Norm Macdonald offers the most practical advice yet to the class of 2014., Hookup culture hits a high note., Norm Macdonald stopped by the office and ran a root-beer-float-fueled clinic on the ping-pong table., David Schwimmer, aka Ross from 'Friends,' recently helped cops solve a violent crime. Hear the exclusive audio of his heroic 911 call!, If you can't be a happy person, a really fun and cool alternative is to make everyone around you miserable., Lance Stephenson's latest trolling attempt on LeBron James gets the blowback it deserves., Two men have a serious problem with the gender of their new boss., All the other job-hunting advice you've ever gotten is garbage. Unless you want to live in your parents' basement forever, follow these tips., Heather Matarazzo ('Welcome to the Dollhouse') uses her outcast expertise to teach teenage girls to be interesting., For the baby that's a little ... extra special., It's not a stretch to say each one of these GIFs deserves an MVP award., Whoever ordered the sparkling blue trash can full of macaroni & cheese is getting drug tested. You're not in trouble; we're all just really curious., In case you missed it, 50 Cent choked on a dirt mound yesterday and suddenly made baseball interesting., How to Enjoy Saxophones, Watch the exclusive music-video debut from The New Average, the band Funny Or Die created during the original series Boy Search!, As the search for the next great boy band comes to an end, the judges, producers, and band members behind The New Average reflect on their long, improbable journey together. 

Stay tuned for The New Average's exclusive music video!, The Nazi-propaganda radio sitcom "Füror" ran from 1939–1941. Click below to listen to a never-before-heard snippet from the show., How to Enjoy Fences, Rob Kardashian reportedly left his sister's wedding after she criticized his weight. Here's what Kimye had to say to their other guests., With E.T.’s life hanging in the balance, there’s only one question on doctors’ minds: Where the hell are the genitals on this thing?, Animal Fact of the Day, Bill Murray just can't stop resetting the bar on celebrity awesomeness., A couple's conversation about cheating takes an unexpected turn., These week’s best pics can only be described as AZMANGI!, These links are a reflection of the week that was. It’s like they’re my mirror. My mirror staring back at me., Memorial Day marks the unofficial start of summer, and barbecue season! Follow these tips to throw the perfect summer cookout., Pat Sajak says his inflammatory tweet about climate change was just a joke. Obviously! Spin Pat's wheel for more hot-button hilarity! , The Purge is coming. Mark your calendar. Seriously. This is a day you REALLY don’t want to miss., We're shooting today with LeVar Burton! Reading Rainbow fans will not be disappointed., #FriendFriday

Exercise your right to a funnier newsfeed. Follow comedian, actress, and Game of Thrones diehard Margaret Cho., Hop in. We're taking you on a wild ride through this week's best GIFs., And they say coloring outside the lines is a bad thing., Will Ferrell and Chad Smith finally waged their drum-off on Fallon. And we all won., East Coast! The long-awaited Will Ferrell vs. Chad Smith drum-off is about to go down. Tune in to The Tonight Show Starring Jimmy Fallon NOW!, AMC's winning formula revealed!, Chad Smith is getting amped up for the drum-off with Will Ferrell tonight on Fallon., The Will Ferrell vs. Chad Smith drum-off is happening TONIGHT!

Tune in to The Tonight Show Starring Jimmy Fallon at 11:35/10:35c and prepare to have your mind blown., Did you know NASA allows real fortune cookies in space? Crack open a few to reveal their astronaut-specific fortunes., Yet another round of those voted “most likely to be awesome.”, The worst possible response to "I want to marry your daughter.", Thought it couldn't get any worse than "HAGS"? Think again., Watch Chris Mintz-Plasse bitch-slap a full-grown man while dressed as a geisha, because what else do you have to do today?, Is someone not responding to dozens of your texts? Just keep texting them! It's the perfect plan and you won't seem crazy at all., Nothing beats a hump-day matinee. Especially when it’s extremely NSFW and stars Dave Franco and Chris Mintz-Plasse! http://bit.ly/SoHot2D

Also in 3D! http://bit.ly/SoHot3D, The Rubik’s Cube turned 40 this week, and like any 40-year-old, its age is starting to show., Dave Franco and Chris Mintz-Plasse face off in the thrilling, NSFW conclusion to their epic trilogy.

Click here for the 3D version! http://bit.ly/SoHot3D, A recovering alcoholic finds out that his friends are terrible human beings., Dave Franco and Chris Mintz-Plasse return for the thrilling conclusion of the 'You're So Hot' trilogy! Tomorrow! In 3D! You're not ready for this!, Watch Drew Barrymore, star of new comedy Blended, and Billy Eichner compete to see who knows more about Drew Barrymore!
, Macklemore angered fans with his Anti-Semitic costume at a recent Seattle show. His tweets after the fact just made things worse. , Margaret Cho gets “freshly diddled” Khaleesi braids while she and Jonathan the hairdresser kiki about the latest Game of Thrones!, Austin Mahone meets his dangerously enthusiastic new manager (Paul Scheer)., Stop thinking. Let things happen. And be the GIF., What better way to celebrate the 40th birthday of Rubik’s Cube than with an extreme time trial?, Animal Fact of the Day, The latest DJ Steve Porter remix has Wolf Blitzer channeling Duran Duran. And it’s every bit as glorious as it sounds., Despite frequent typecasting, Godzilla has managed to chalk up an impressively well-rounded career in film and television. , Monday wearing you down? Treat yourself to a nice little slideshow. You've earned it., Patton Oswalt sets up a sting operation to confront his internet critics face-to-face. But he's in for a big surprise. , Can't wait for tonight's new Game of Thrones? Kill time reliving last week's episode with Jonathan the hairdresser!, Listen up! We've got some super important links here that you owe it to yourself to check out., Jack Nicholson doesn't care what's happening at Staples Center as long as he's got courtside seats., A special carb-lovers edition of everyone's favorite game of crucial choices!, How to Enjoy Church, Winter is coming to the NBA. And yes, they have dragons., We just hit 500K followers on Vine! If you’re not already one of them, click below to see what you’ve been missing!, We were storing up these GIFs for the winter, but they’re just too good not to share., #FriendFriday

Follow actor and pop-culture wizard Billy Eichner and give your newsfeed an adrenaline shot straight to the heart!

Congrats, Billy, on another great season of Billy On The Street!, Nick Offerman and Megan Mullally star in this short film about meditation gone horribly wrong., The wait is over! Will Ferrell and Chad Smith's drums vs. cowbell battle is happening Thursday (May 22) on The Tonight Show Starring Jimmy Fallon!, Fun facts for the word nerd in all of us., As the evidence for climate change piles up, the only question left is “what are we going to do about it?”, Forget 'Guy Code' and 'Girl Code' — Justin Bieber, Jennette McCurdy, and other humans talk about the only code we can all relate to: 'Human Code'!, A taste of the outdoors is all it takes to pull a video-game addict out of his shell., Don’t stop ’til you get enough of these GIFs., Good Advice, The Gosling/Culkin tee exchange is just the latest in a long line of celebrity meta–fashion statements. , Justin Bieber and other humans serve up some truth on MTV's new show about stuff people do. This episode: What's with sleep and water?!, The last 25 years of unregulated internet have been great, but what will the future of web usage look like? The FCC has some ideas., A guy's Vegas mistake seems even worse in the light of day. , GIFs this good have to be guilty of doping., We're shooting today with George R.R. Martin! He's the reason you have Game of Thrones in your life, which is based on those books of his you pretended to read., Rachel Dratch takes the ultimate Sandra Bullock quiz challenge in Billy Eichner's "Mechanical Bullock"!

And don't miss Nick Offerman in the season finale of Billy on the Street tonight at 11/10c on Fuse!, Good Advice, Here’s what Donald Sterling was really thinking during his Anderson Cooper interview., Zack Snyder just released the first image of Batman from the upcoming sequel to 'Man of Steel,' and oh boy is there a lot to dissect., Please watch responsibly., 'Gotham' is a new show that's not about Batman. Turns out there are a lot of similar spinoffs coming out soon as well., Everyone's favorite Billy on the Street contestant is back! Elena joins Billy Eichner for a very special version of For a Dollar!, Batman is cool, but does anyone want to talk about the time Ben Affleck almost married Jennifer Lopez? Because that shit actually happened., With a new report showing the West Antarctic ice sheet is melting irreversibly, John Oliver and Bill Nye decide to end the debate on climate change once and for all., Jonathan the hairdresser delivers a fierce verdict on the latest Game of Thrones!, null, Apple announces its Beats by Dre acquisition was just the beginning of a $150 billion spending spree. Here's what else the tech giant has planned., Har Mar Superstar's "Restless Leg" has all the love, sex, and puppets you could want in a music video, and then some.  , This guy spent Mother's Day recreating the helicopter sequence from 'GoodFellas' on Twitter. Attaboy!, What happens when the freshest, most fearless comics try to change the world one joke at a time?

Find out in the broadcast premier of Stand Up Planet, May 14th on Pivot, KCET, and Link TV!
, null, TMZ's video of Solange Knowles attacking Jay Z in an elevator gets the internet love it so richly deserves., Tom Cruise and Emily Blunt live out a futuristic version of 'Groundhog Day' that makes a toaster in the bathtub look like a walk in the park., Solange Knowles, Beyoncé's sister, went crazy on Jay Z in an elevator at the Met Gala. But what was she saying?, Just check out this week’s best pics and nobody gets hurt., Dierks Bentley throws an in-flight rager that gets wildly out of control., This week's links are simply irresistible. Just look at them., Before you dig into tonight's Game of Thrones, listen to Jonathan the hairdresser serve up some Gendry Baratheon realness from last week's episode!, Happy Mother's Day to all the moms who never murdered their kids despite the many reasons and opportunities presented to them over the years., We got our hands on this leaked draft of a screenplay Michael Jordan wrote about himself, complete with his handwritten notes!, Good Advice, You can't put a price on a child's love. Remind Mom of that this Mother's Day with these budget gift ideas., Richard Lewis and Lily Tomlin star in the ultimate gangsta-rap tribute to restaurant employees., #FriendFriday

Add a splash of color to your news feed. Follow actress, model, and mermaid enthusiast AnnaSophia Robb., It's Friday. Take a load off and enjoy some hilarious GIFs. , What are you going to do for your MILF on her special day?, A woman embraces her lack of self-control on a first date., When procuring illegal sniffing salts, smoking soils, or shooting savories, it is imperative to maintain certain societal standards., By popular demand, here's the whole song from the trailer! https://soundcloud.com/funnyordie/theme-from-sofia-coppolas-little-mermaid-parody, Patton Oswalt's fake apology tweets prove he's a Jedi master at troll baiting., Sick of spoilers ruining all your favorite shows? It's time to fight back., BOSTON! The Road 2 Oddball Tour featuring Brody Stevens, Howard Kremer, Adam Cayton-Holland, and special local guest Samira Johnson hits town May 18!

Get tickets now or regret it forever: http://www.funnyordie.com/road2oddball/tour_dates, You've got an urgent phone call on line 2!, One Line Movie Review, Marc Maron (WTF, Maron) has taken over our Twitter! 

Tweet him questions @funnyordie and join the fun here: http://www.funnyordie.com/twitter-takeover, Billy Eichner gives Sean Hayes 60 seconds to get a famous friend on the phone. He doesn't disappoint., In case you missed it, check out AnnaSophia Robb and Evan Peters in the Funny Or Die exclusive 'Sofia Coppola's Little Mermaid.', Our fearless leader, Adam McKay, is auctioning off a role in his next movie for charity! Get involved and be a star!, We haven't read it yet, but here are some possible juicy quotes from Monica Lewinsky's new tell-all 'Vanity Fair' article., Marc Maron is taking over our Twitter account tomorrow at 11 a.m. PST to answer your questions!

Don't let him down: https://twitter.com/funnyordie, Dating in the age of social media — it's a whole new ball game., Good Advice, The new Mighty Morphin Power Rangers movie has the internet pretty excited. These GIFs explain why., No hoverboards required., A first look at Sofia Coppola's edgy new adaptation of 'The Little Mermaid,' starring AnnaSophia Robb and Evan Peters., Dueling delivery men try to one-up each other., Discover the strange and miraculous wonders that lurk in the farthest reaches of the ocean’s cold black depths., Test your knowledge versus YOUR friends? It's the ultimate 'Friends' quiz!, Game of Thrones' gentle giant doesn't want to break stuff, he just does. Click here to see all the things he's unwittingly destroyed., After Prince told Arsenio Hall how much he loves cooking omelets, it didn't take long for these photos to surface., Jonathan the hairdresser dishes on the latest Game of Thrones realness: Dragon haves and have-nots, Tilda & Podrick's sitcom antics, pre-surgery Kathy Griffin, and more!, Animal Fact of the Day, Olivia Wilde returns to Billy on the Street to talk marathon sex and play Billy Eichner's latest trivia game, “John Mayer or Pepé Le Pew,” which is harder than it sounds., All Jon Lajoie wants is for this song to be used to sell something — anything!, Click below to view this week's best pics, or, if using a rotary phone, dial 0., A ghostly visitor gives Cinco de Mayo partygoers a very unwelcome history lesson., ¡Happy Cinco de Mayo!, It's shaping up to be a real banner year for network news., Some important things to keep in mind today while pounding Coronas and guac till you puke., One Line Movie Review, Prepare for tonight's new Game of Thrones with a vivid recap of last week's episode courtesy of celebrity stylist Brad Goreski and Jonathan the hairdresser!, Here are some links guaranteed to stand the test of time. Or at the very least, they're the best you'll find this week., Animal Fact of the Day, Still waiting to meet a person who is just casually interested in Game of Thrones., The winners of Funny Or Die’s Road 2 Oddball Standup Challenge have been announced!

See the 15 winners perform live in a city near you starting Monday, May 5th!

Click here for details: http://www.funnyordie.com/road2oddball, #FriendFriday

Smile more. Follow Dave Franco — actor, writer, director, and longtime Funny Or Die collaborator!, In case you weren't already referring to Mariah Carey as "the Elusive Chanteuse," this should clear everything up., Get ready to experience the magic of this week's best GIFs., Subtlety is overrated., Rob Ford has been caught smoking crack again. "Do what you love" isn't the best motto when what you love is smoking crack on camera., No prom date? No problem! , Click on this interactive feature to witness some of Hollywood's most dramatic transformations., Sometimes you just know when someone's cheating on you., All GIFs are 2-for-1 this week if you use your club card., Billy Eichner pulls out all the props with an insane triathlon dedicated to the life and career of Meryl Streep!, When sleeping with the wife of a fellow gentleman, it is imperative to maintain certain societal standards., Brian Williams wanted Luda. He got it., Donald Sterling is already looking to cash in on his scandal with his own made-for-TV biopic, which he’s writing and casting himself., Is Sarah Palin A-OK with "enhanced interrogation"? You betcha!, Want to feel old? 'Mean Girls' came out 10 years ago! Also, you're inching closer to death every day and time is eroding your dreams., The Lucas Magic is strong in this one., Turns out there's very little you can do to punish an old rich white man., Jesse Ventura weighs in on his 2016 presidential aspirations, and manages to clarify nothing., A music blogger winds up at the wrong festival, and has no choice but to go country or go home., Yeah, girl, tonight we're gonna fumble around awkwardly, y'know what I'm sayin'?, Animal Fact of the Day, The Bible passage that inspired Sarah Palin's statement to the NRA that if she were in charge, “Waterboarding is how we’d baptize terrorists.”, Adam Silver laid the smackdown on Donald Sterling, like a boss! Twitter didn't waste any time responding., Seth Rogen and Zac Efron decide to promote their new movie, Neighbors, by hazing the other cast members. It doesn't go as planned., Clippers owner Donald Sterling has some harsh words for the NAACP for withdrawing his Lifetime Achievement Award., Celebrity stylist Brad Goreski joins Jonathan the hairdresser to recap Sunday's Game of Thrones and make a shocking prediction: The ultimate braid-off is coming!, 'The Tonight Show' pranks Yankees fans by filming them booing a photo of Robinson Cano in his offseason Mariners uniform — just as Cano shows up., Patton Oswalt joins Billy Eichner for a new game that attempts to get inside the mind of Shakira., What's that? An NBA team owner so racist he doesn't want any black people at the game? Take it away, Twitter., They just want you to draw them like one of your French girls., Brooklyn Decker's uncontrollable sexiness is beginning to rub her roommates the wrong way. (NSFW), Clippers owner Donald Sterling's racist rant just cost him the NAACP Lifetime Achievement Award, and the chance to deliver this heartfelt speech., This leaked set list from Beyoncé and Jay Z's upcoming joint summer tour shows fans are in for a real treat., Come inside and check out these great pics. We swear they’re 100% legit., Powdered alcohol — a totally safe and responsible way to snort booze. What could go wrong?, Don't even try to watch tonight's Game of Thrones without Jonathan the hairdresser's crucial recap of last week's episode!, You’d have to go back in time pretty far to find links better than these., We're on Snapchat! Add FunnyOrDie right now for an exclusive tour of our office! We promise to be an acct that doesn't suck., Dance like somebody's watching. Because they definitely are and their phone can record video., The human body is a remarkable specimen. It is 6’3”, 215 lbs., and covered in small freckles and red hair. Explore its many attributes in this interactive feature., null, These parents are totally DTF! That means driving too fast, right?, Kids these days just can't appreciate the simple joys of frittering away the hours on a handheld electronic device., #FriendFriday

Follow actor, comedian, and improv auteur Paul Scheer and enjoy a satisfying spike on your Facebook funny meter., When people say “they say,” this is who they’re talking about., Gorge yourself on this week’s most scrumptious GIFs., Dr. Sex Man is ready to answer all your, ah, your sex questions., null, Fired N.Y. Knicks coach Mike Woodson was like a father to J.R. Smith — if father means "guy who lets you do whatever the hell you want.", Like Tyler Perry, Billy Eichner hates art. So for every correct answer he gets ambushing strangers with Tyler Perry trivia, he destroys a piece of art!, We’ve spent April curating all the best comedy for Comedy Month on SoundCloud. 

Check out the final week’s all-exclusive playlist here: http://comedymonth.soundcloud.com, If you thought 'Stone Cold' Steve Austin's liberal views on gay marriage were surprising, you ain't heard nothin' yet., Take as much time as you need looking at these. We’ll wait in the car., What's a little masturbation talk between old friends?, Good Advice, null, Georgia passed legislation that allows guns everywhere. It's called the "Just In Case That 'Walking Dead' Shit Really Happens" bill., A man's needy Craigslist post is finally answered., LAST CHANCE to vote for Funny Or Die in the Webby Awards and save Lucas’ family! 

Only takes a second and we’ll love you forever!, Keeping your iPhone alive is a big responsibility. Follow these tips or its death will haunt you forever., Animal Fact of the Day, Calm your mind and spirit with these meditative chants tailored to the modern professional., Watch Eric Wareheim (Tim And Eric) embrace lost love and the agony of existence in Babes’ new music video. Be moved., Head of the Commonwealth, master of social media., From the makers of Craze comes the next high-octane workout booster that might or might not kill you!, Happy Earth Day! Plant a tree or whatever then resume destroying this planet for another 364 days!, Jonathan the hairdresser recaps all the bisexual fivesomes, new baby power-bottoms, and other juicy highlights from this week’s Game of Thrones without too many spoilers!, Brian Williams once again proves he's got mad flow with this "Gin and Juice" mash-up courtesy of Jimmy Fallon., Watch what happens when Amy Poehler wears a Pitbull mask (the singer, not the dog) and Billy Eichner helps her shock random New Yorkers!, Terry Richardson offered a model a Vogue magazine shoot in exchange for sex. When she said no, he kept bargaining., Political correctness gone mad., Vote for Funny Or Die now and be a hero to this little boy. Time is running out!, Help find Waldo, before he loses himself completely. , Kevin Hart's new living-room talk show lets him watch basketball while his correspondent interviews Jack Antonoff at a Bleachers concert. Win-win!, Surprise! It's the best pics of the week sneaking up on you again., Before you dive into tonight's new Game of Thrones, check out Jonathan the hairdresser's recap of last week's episode!, Listen up! This week's best links are here: The Quiet Radicalism of All That, Money-Saving Easter Tips, and more!, null, null, These never-before-seen original titles of Gauguin’s paintings from his 1891 trip to Tahiti to “create pure, primitive art” suggest another, hornier motive., Get excited. The best GIFs of the week are finally here., #FriendFriday

Follow Patton Oswalt — comedian/actor, friend of Funny Or Die, and Bond supervillain., Frustrated with humanity for not following the rules of His novel, God sends His son down to set the record straight. , Just a typical Boston family enjoying a typical Easter Sunday together., DeAndre Jordan steals the spotlight with a dead-on Charles Barkley impression at the live table read of Space Jam., null, Easter falling on 4/20 this year has Pope Francis stoked! Read his stoner-friendly tips on celebrating the way the good Lord intended., Two dudes fight over who loves Dwayne “The Rock” Johnson more., You still have time to vote for Funny Or Die in the Webby Awards! Lucas is counting on you!, What wonders await desert revelers in the second weekend of this dust-caked carnival of musical mayhem?, Watch Blake Griffin, DeAndre Jordan, Seth Green, Paul Scheer, Nick Kroll, and more reanimate the 1996 classic Space Jam in this all-star live read at L.A.’s UCB Theatre., Joel McHale competes in Billy Eichner's Mo'Lympics, a series of physical challenges based on the career of Oscar-winning actress and talk-show host Mo'Nique, that ends with an epic fight between Joel and Billy!, The winner took home a handsome $1.62 million in arcade tokens. , null, Hipsters are people too — deeply ironic people who ride unicycles — and they just want a little respect., It’s their party and they’ll cry because you made them., Would you eat something off the street if a pigeon says it's OK? What if it's only been there 5 seconds, and it's a really persuasive pigeon?, Sorry, probably a dumb question: What are taxes?, Billy Eichner dresses up as the Easter Bunny and smashes eggs to celebrate the 10th Anniversary of Mel Gibson's hit film, The Passion of the Christ! , It takes a special kind of bastard to suck this hard from beyond the grave., null, Please remain seated until the pilot has turned on the lights and everyone has put all their clothes back on., The Clash: The Last Gang in Town with Fred Armisen was nominated for a Webby Award!

Cast your vote for it here: http://bit.ly/1eMZRFh, Real Estate's new music video has extreme-athlete zombies, celebrity cameos, ceramic figurines, and a great song. In other words, mission accomplished., How to Enjoy Mice, Explore the “other” cosmos in a magical church minivan with ‘Veep’ star Timothy Simons and learn the one simple answer to everything., Jonathan the hairdresser recaps Sunday’s Game of Thrones with vague references and confusing plot summaries that aren’t actually spoilers!

Watch new episodes every week!, Between the hovercraft, the boy band, and the Dukes of Hazzard car, that second Masters win just seems like icing on the cake., null, One Line Movie Review, Do we really want to live in a world where a polar bear can’t get its paws on a frosty Coca-Cola to save its life?, Every vote for Funny Or Die brings little Lucas one step closer to a loving, unbroken home!, Drop everything! It’s time for the best pics of the week!, Patton Oswalt and Phil Rosenthal bring you James Bond like you've never seen him before — a real mensch. , null, Play everyone’s favorite game of crucial choices with the cast of Mad Men!,  Get out of the way, here come this week's best links!, null, These never-before-seen pages paint Lewis and Clark's famous expedition in a whole new light., null, Webbys 2014: Vote for Funny Or Die and Help this Boy's Parents Get Back Together!

http://bit.ly/1iEMLMG, That’s right, this week’s GIFs are rollin’ in style. You’d better recognize.
, It looks like Marvel execs are about to take some insane chances with their superhero-film strategy., TJ Miller (HBO's Silicon Valley) has taken over our Twitter! 

Tweet him questions @funnyordie and join the fun here: http://www.funnyordie.com/twitter-takeover, #FriendFriday

Follow comedian, retired U.S. Marine, and Funny Or Die regular Rob Riggle to make your Facebook experience a little more awesome., Mitch McConnell offers a solution to equal pay for women, and it makes as much sense as Bitcoin., Mad Men's Jessica Paré put on a little weight before the new season. See why in this video: http://bit.ly/1hnaTWt, null, In case you missed the first six seasons of Mad Men, this pretty much covers it., TJ Miller is taking over our Twitter tomorrow at 10:30 a.m. PST to answer your questions!

Don't miss it! https://twitter.com/funnyordie, If you've never seen Stephen Colbert out of character, here's your chance to see what you're in for when he replaces David Letterman as host of the Late Show in 2015., Like snowflakes or fingerprints, every f*ck face is unique., Jessica Paré's newfound taste for junk food might make her Megan Draper character unrecognizable in the new season of Mad Men., Heartbleed is on a rampage, affecting users' passwords for thousands of websites. It's time to fight back., Oscar winner Lupita Nyong'o stopped by the office today and signed our wall!, null, We're nominated for 8 Webby Awards! But we need YOU to help us win. Please vote Funny Or Die for Best Social Humor now and we'll love you forever!, When Archie Andrews gets killed off in an upcoming 'Life with Archie' comic, we can't imagine what his dying words might be. But let's try., Bryan and Erin sit down with reproductive-rights defender, Rush Limbaugh adversary, and California State Senate candidate Sandra Fluke for a very unique interview., RIP, Ultimate Warrior. Your legend will loop forever. , Take three deep Ujjayi butthole breaths and enjoy this yoga lesson from fitness expert Tom Lennon., Don’t worry, we’re sure they all learned an important life lesson, or something., In the 1970s, if your sitcom needed a bad-ass theme song, there was only one place to go., null, Good Advice, The death of your NCAA bracket was as inevitable as it was painful. Let's examine the final stages of its brutal demise., Let us share this viral content in accordance with the socialist lifestyle!, Huey Lewis breaks the news on the 2014 Outside Lands music and arts festival lineup!, You've probably heard about Republican Congressman Vance McAllister being caught on camera kissing a married female staffer, but did you know it was his first kiss?, Jonathan the hairdresser returns to recap Sunday's Game of Thrones season premiere with vague references and confusing plot summaries that aren't actually spoilers!

Watch new episodes every week!, He's delightful, adorable, and charming, but would New Yorkers have sex with Paul Rudd? Watch him and Billy Eichner discover the answer in this special Billy on the Street lightning round!, Monday got you down and you can't get up? Help is on the way., null, The characters in Game of Thrones finally address an issue that has plagued fans of the series from the start., Behold the humiliating and minuscule fears of a real adult woman., One Line Movie Review, Didn’t get your fill of hilarious pics this past week? We’ve got you covered., Will some flight time with the Blue Angels prove Rob Riggle has what it takes to star in Top Gun 2, or is his ego writing checks his body can't cash?, null, Please pay attention; this week's links will be on the final exam., null, We only listen to it for the pictures., Before today's Final Four, watch Billy Eichner play the Vaginal Four with four pregnant women answering trivia questions about celebrity parents!, null, How to Enjoy Wine, David Letterman may be retiring next year, but these tributes to his unique comic genius are here to stay., It seems George W. Bush was actually attempting to paint some of his biggest heroes outside of politics., This week's GIFs are so great you won't be able to contain yourself., Clearly, reports of the Dear Leader forcing all young men in North Korea to adopt his hairstyle have been greatly exaggerated., Experience the glamour and excitement of L.A.'s world-famous gridlock with Arrested Development star Tony Hale!, A guy sets up a talk show in his living room to meet his roommate's hookups on their way out the door. , null, They're redefining the concept of "sleepwear.", You can't call it writer's block as long as there are words being written on paper., Pleash shtate your bishnesh., Watch Billy Eichner play She Clucks or She Sucks? Contestants must say which name is a terrible woman and which is a famous chicken., Korean pop star HyunA and singer/actress Rita Ora go toe-to-toe in a battle of walks. , Patrick Stewart and Ian McKellen had a great time in New York. These photos prove they're the kind of guys you wish you hung out with every day., Big Data proves there's nothing a little sex and violence can't sell., Author Susan Orlean drops by to talk about outsmarting dinosaurs, French-braiding herself, and her secret life as a stunt coordinator., null, Say hello to the Yahoo! Answers of sex columnists., Remember, kids, money can't buy you happiness, but it can buy you a really really really big house., Funny Or Die is curating all the best comedy on SoundCloud for Comedy Month. Check out our playlists: http://comedymonth.soundcloud.com #ComedyMonth, Are you a manipulative egomaniac with no capacity for real human emotion, and are looking for someone just like you? You’re in luck., Samuel L. Jackson delivering a slam poem about ’90s sitcom 'Boy Meets World' is everything that's right about TV and the internet., Watch The Flaming Lips record their new album in one continuous take. We hear it goes great with 'Dark Side of the Moon' and 'The Wizard of Oz.', The Flaming Lips are selling out in style with a 200-page catalogue of genuine Flaming Lips™ merchandise! Get it while it’s hot!, Now you can start every morning with Wayne and the gang!, The Flaming Lips have sold out. On the upside, they made this kick-ass action movie with 'Transformers' director Michael Bay starring Lyndsy Fonseca., The Flaming Lips lead singer explains his decision to sell out completely in this exclusive tell-all., Fred Armisen proves he has what it takes to replace Wayne Coyne as lead singer of The Flaming Lips after the band officially sells out., Sit back, relax, and enjoy the new Funny Or Die–produced Flaming Lips album, 'Flaming Side of the Moon,' a companion piece to Pink Floyd's 'Dark Side of the Moon.' And yes, it does sync up with 'The Wizard of Oz.', After releasing their Funny Or Die–produced masterpiece, 'Flaming Side of the Moon,' The Flaming Lips take the only logical next step and sell out big time., These guys own the bad cop/worse cop routine., Crazy that 25% of this year is over and the only thing any of us accomplished was watching 8 episodes of True Detective., A comprehensive look at how your March Madness bracket became the biggest joke of the office pool., Welcome to Terminus. Nothing smells fishy here., After a coworker sued Shaq for tackling and injuring him, Shaq was forced to write an apology letter to his office mates for all his Shaqressions., Get your week started off right with this dashing collection of pics. , It's easy to see why Facebook paid $2 billion for this amazing virtual-reality technology. , The gay-marriage debate has never sounded so fabulous., Gwyneth Paltrow/Chris Martin split got you down? Drag yourself over to these links and start feeling good again., It's a little known fact, but the famous murder-mystery game, Clue, was inspired by real events. Here is the police report from that fateful night., Religious groups are NOT happy with the direction Darren Aronofsky took 'Noah.' To be fair, the gay-giraffes-on-coke sex scene was a bit much., Celebrities — they're just like us! But with their own internet., The best post-verdict People's Court interview of all time., Bill Murray is the best. So are his outfits., These GIFs have a secret: They like being watched., The crafting store gives a perfectly logical explanation for why they won't cover birth control and reproductive counseling for women., What it would look like if dog years were the basis for every measurement., Can't wait to see how Michael Bay makes pizza explode in the new Ninja Turtles movie., Gwyneth Paltrow and Chris Martin's breakup is now a tea from Celestial Seasonings., This shocking footage of Law & Order: SVU star Chris Meloni being a real-life bully proves his tough-guy image is no act., Good Advice, P. Diddy just announced he's going back to "Puff Daddy," which means he's on the hunt for a new Twitter handle., Lindsay Lohan and Billy Eichner are so angry How I Met Your Mother is going off the air that they take sledgehammers to a car decorated with show catchphrases and cast faces in a cathartic demolition session., For those who love bad bitches and have a f*ckin problem, comes a new prescription drug: Bitchanol., Want to obtain immortality by being in a Funny Or Die video? Send your best selfies or photobombs to photobomb@funnyordie.com and we might just use it!, Ethan's grandfather makes a terrible wingman., How to Enjoy Flowers, Are you a comedian yearning for adventure? Do you like eating gas-station burritos and living out of a suitcase? Enter Funny Or Die's Road 2 Oddball Stand Up Challenge to earn a coveted spot on this summer’s touring Oddball Comedy Festival!

 Click here for more details: http://www.funnyordie.com/road2oddball, Fire hot. Humans dumb., Bouncers are annoying, especially when they're keeping you from getting your morning coffee., Play everyone’s favorite game of crucial choices with the cast of Game of Thrones!, "Less Talking, More Tacos" isn't a shirt, it's a lifestyle. 

$12 at checkout with this link: http://bit.ly/1fZtDWO, Read the heated confrontation that landed TV’s Judge Joe Brown in a Tennessee jail on Monday., More proof that Malcolm Gladwell can make literally anything sound important., After a chat with The Backstreet Boys and a studio session with famed production duo Da Internz, the boys finally have their first full-length single., A lot of die-hard 'Entourage' fans will be kicking themselves for overlooking these painfully obvious series blunders., Watch Neil Patrick Harris and Billy Eichner ambush New Yorkers to see how they really feel about the end of How I Met Your Mother., Derek from 'Step Brothers' interrupts a Google Glass powwow with his bros Mark Cuban, Jeff Probst, and Chris Daughtry to get something important off his chest. , Mom always gets like this when she hasn’t had her acid., Meet the losers who ruined your perfect March Madness bracket., Fun movie fact: The Breakfast Club met for detention 30 years ago today! Also, it was a movie. It didn't really happen. Relax., It's a juicy jewel of flavor! ... and a life-altering commitment., One Line Movie Review, Feast your eyes on this week's best pics. Hey, it beats the alternative., Prepare to be shocked by this hard-hitting investigative report about an astonishing horse named Taffy. , David Spade gives the women vying for his love a little dose of reality. (NSFW), This link mixture was carefully calibrated for maximum comedic effect., Mike Birbiglia isn't afraid to ask the hard questions of fun.'s Jack Antonoff., West Coast legend Ice Cube stopped by the office! Today was a good day., Jeff Goldblum’s Jurassic bark gets the treatment it deserves., It's Friday. Stop working and start enjoying these sparkling, majestic GIFs laid out before you., Congressman Paul Ryan knows all about the "inner-city" experience, he just has some trouble finding the right words to describe it. , Your move, tail., The members of Monty Python have lost their legs. Naturally, Robert De Niro is selling them to collectors on his home-shopping channel., Warren Buffett better have that $1B ready because on this bracket every cliché is a winner., Courtney Love, everyone's favorite gumshoe, is on the case of another missing plane!, Take a trip down memory lane with this collection of famous first tweets!, If you can't say "no" to Girl Scout cookies, sometimes it's best just to say nothing at all., Who are college basketball’s Hunchbacks, Dumbos, and Beasts?, Bret McKenzie and Constantine team up to serenade Miss Piggy., When nothing can be ruled out, anything is possible., We convinced these actors that Disney is making the next Star Wars movie into a musical. Here are their auditions. , Ethan explains what "c*ckblocking" means to his 89-year-old grandfather. , If you love dogs and love riding in style, this is the app for you., Animal Fact of the Day, Watch Billy Eichner get New Yorkers to scream out some of his favorite celebrity tweets!

Funny Or Die's Billy on the Street airs TONIGHT at 11/10c on Fuse!, A realistic portrayal of what Beyonce and Jay Z were singing about., Will Ferrell and Robert Redford have radically different ideas on how to restore the Colorado River Delta. See the full story of their feud here., Try not to use up all the TP while you're wiping away tears of laughter viewing these GIFs., Simply the most amazing NSFW Tom Hanks tribute the world has ever seen, and probably ever will. , A member of the FOD team spent 10 days at SXSW 2014 and he has some stories and photos he'd like to share with you. Enjoy., If celebrities looked like bad fan art ... then only horror movies would get made., Courtney Love claims she found the wreckage of flight MH370 in a satellite photo. What else has she discovered?, The fellas can't believe what they did last night., How to Enjoy Jogging, We hit the streets of NYC with a hilarious St. Paddy's Day prank. And the results were pure gold., To avoid capture by the evil Commander Nutbuster on their way to Space Cancun, Captain Tony Waves and his crew duck into a wormhole., A gentleman always maintains proper decorum, even in the most unpleasant of tasks., These are, quite literally, the best pics you'll see all week., Is the tense Russia/Ukraine situation the start of WWIII? It's a simple yes-or-no question., In space, no one can hear you make a complete ass of yourself. Enjoy all the debauchery and adventure of spring break and outer space combined in our radical new web series!, Happy St. Patrick's Day! Get drunk and wear green because some guy banished snakes! Makes total sense., Eliminate your leprechaun infestation in a humane way while still showing those greedy little bastards who's boss., J.J. Redick of the Los Angeles Clippers teaches YOU how to make the perfect NCAA March Madness bracket. , Denis Leary on the invention of shepherd's pie. Happy St. Patrick's Day!, Settle.com is the hot new dating site for singles who just don't want to die alone., Animal Fact of the Day, The essence of parenthood captured in one 20-second clip., We won't say these GIFs are a slam dunk, but you have to admit, that seems appropriate., Follow super-famous comedy star Sarah Silverman through one of her typical action-packed days., Karen ruins game night by refusing to play "let's ignore the elephant in the room.", We asked 20 strangers to sh*t in front of each other for the first time., This week has been one long tease leading up to these GIFs., Love can make you do crazy things., Alpaca PEZ, Watch Billy Eichner play "For A Dollar" with unsuspecting New Yorkers on last night's Billy on the Street season premiere.

Catch new episodes every Wednesday night at 11/10c on Fuse!, Wondering what else The Taxman had scribbled in that mysterious ledger? Now you can flip through its pages and see for yourself!, Exclusive footage of Twin Shadow's popup show from inside a dumpster at SXSW., Tipping has gotten out of control. But don't despair! Use this handy guide to find the perfect tip for almost every occasion., Will Ferrell and Robert Redford have radically different ideas on how to restore the Colorado River Delta., Good Advice, Watch Will Ferrell, Don Cheadle, and Zooey Deschanel bring a drunk woman's slurred but inspired version of history to life., Billy Eichner is back with a new season of Billy on the Street! Watch the premiere TONIGHT at 11/10c on Fuse!, Because everyone knows Facebook is the best place for telling fairy tales., See if you can spot the Kickstarter backers in this leaked scene from the new Veronica Mars movie with Kristen Bell. They're very subtle., This slideshow has all the best parts of the internet combined!, Their love of ice cream is rivaled only by their hatred of sharing., Use the sliders embedded here to watch the world's most powerful celebrities morph back into their younger selves., Enjoy all the best moments in GIFs from President Obama's appearance on Between Two Ferns with Zach Galifianakis., President Barack Obama and Zach Galifianakis, the two most powerful men on the planet, square off on the set of Between Two Ferns: http://bit.ly/1fomLGR, It’s true that laughter is the best medicine … until you need a new kidney. 

Don’t have health coverage? Visit HealthCare.gov by March 31 to #GetCoveredNow: http://1.usa.gov/1kK16fA, President Barack Obama sits Between Two Ferns with Zach Galifianakis for his most memorable interview yet., Open to badge holders & FOD wristbands 21+ until closing! Thank you all for an outstanding 3 days. #sxsw #FODxFB, P-Thugg brought his finest Cosby sweater. #sxsw #FODxFB, Chromeo! #sxsw #FODxFB, Thank you to the legendary Bill Cosby for an amazing show! Stick around for the after party, Chromeo DJ set coming up! #sxsw #FODxFB, The one and only Bill Cosby live in concert! #sxsw #FODxFB, Please welcome Bill Cosby to Instagram! http://instagram.com/BillCosby  #sxsw #FODxFB, The badge holder line for Bill Cosby has begun & it is large. Hang tight! Doors at 7:15pm. #sxsw #FODxFB, America's sweethearts. @bryansafi & @gibblertron doing a live "Throwing Shade" podcast! #sxsw #FODxFB, Scott Aukerman of Comedy Bang! Bang! on IFC and #BetweenTwoFerns is here and he's ready to answer your questions! So shoot. #FODxFB #SXSW, Premiering their new movie We'll Never Have Paris, we have Simon Helberg, Maggie Grace, Jason Ritter, Melanie Lynskey and Jocelyn Towne here – right now – answering your questions! Ask away in the comments below. #FODxFB #SXSW, The FOD Clubhouse is free & open for all 21+! No badge required. 97 Rainey St. #sxsw #FODxFB, Billy Eichner is HERE answering your questions! Ask away in the comments below. #FODxFB, We kidnapped Jermaine Fowler to answer your questions LIVE at #SXSW. #FODxFB, Jerrod Carmichael doing his damn thing in America. #sxsw #FODxFB, So this happened here earlier. Jon Favreau & Seth Rogen. #sxsw #FODxFB, Heavy. #sxsw #FODxFB, Jemaine Clement is here for his film What We Do in the Shadows, and is ready to answer your questions. Ask away in the comments below! #FODxFB #SXSW, The FOD Clubhouse is open! Come hang out, EVERYTHING today is free, open to the public & no badge required! 97 Rainey St. must be 21+ #sxsw #FODxFB, Jon Favreau is here at SXSW premiering his new film #Chef. Ask him your questions in the comments below! #FODxFB, Here is today's schedule for Facebook Q&As! Be on the lookout for the kickoff post and submit your questions then in comments! #sxsw #FODxFB

Jon Favreau for CHEF

2 PM ET / 11 AM PT

Jemaine Clement for WHAT WE DO IN THE SHADOWS

5:30 PM ET / 2:30 PM PT, Full house at the "Neighbors" party! Thanks for not letting a little rain get in the way of a good time. #sxsw #FODxFB, We turned our clubhouse into a frat house for the "Neighbors" premiere party! #sxsw #FODxFB, This is where amazing happens. Kevin Bacon & Ian Somerhalder. #sxsw #FODxFB, Kevin Bacon from The Following is here answering your questions RIGHT NOW from SXSW. #FODxFB, Pretty much the best. #sxsw #FODxFB, We've got a Mariachi band in our backyard & they are playing around zero percent. #sxsw #FODxFB, Thanks to everyone for waiting in the rain to get in! The FOD Clubhouse is now open until 6:30pm. Free! No badges required! 97 Rainey St. #sxsw #FODxFB, Thanks to everyone who came out in the rain! You're awesome. #sxsw #FODxFB, The Facebook Live is happening! Watch the livestream now. #FOBxFB
http://bit.ly/neighborslive, These fuckin' guys. #sxsw #FODxFB, We're hosting a live Q&A with the cast of "Neighbors" at 3:15pm! Free & open to the public! 97 Rainey St. #sxsw #FODxFB, Thank you Jason Bateman & Kathryn Hahn for stopping by to answer some questions! #sxsw #FODxFB, Jason Bateman from Bad Words answered: "What is your best made up name for a SXSW band?"

...It's a Frank Zappa coverband. 
#SXSW #SXSW2014 #FODxFB, Jason Bateman and Kathryn Hahn from Bad Words answer your questions LIVE from SXSW. #FODxFB, We are at #SXSW and doing Facebook Q&As all weekend!  

Today's schedule:

Jason Bateman and Kathryn Hahn for BAD WORDS
1:30pm et / 10:30am pt

Facebook Live: 
Seth Rogen, Zac Efron, Dave Franco, Christopher Mintz-Plasse and Neighbors director Nicholas Stoller
4pm et / 1pm pt 

Kevin Bacon for THE FOLLOWING
7pm et/ 4pm pt

Get your questions ready! #FODxFB, Mind = blown, When Andy Daly interviews himself about his new Comedy Central show, Review, he asks all the right questions … and one very wrong one., Hank Azaria knows the risks his infant son faces as a SWAT agent. But cleaning up the streets is what this father-son team does best., These GIFs don't waste any time getting to the point. It's part of their charm., If you’re not already a bona fide expert on the situation in Ukraine, you will be after this quiz., The Oscar-winning song from Frozen goes with every musical moment in film., Flying sucks., Every living thing on this planet is just a backup dancer for Beyoncé., The Scotchy Scotch Toss game is the greatest app in the history of Western civilization. Download it now for FREE!

Missing this opportunity would be a bad choice: http://www.anchormanmovie.com/#scotch_toss, Consider your situation handled, Ukraine., Shakespeare expert Simon Rich dares to ask the one pressing question about the Bard that no one else ever has.

Visit The Occasional, the new home for Funny Or Die’s exclusive digital humor journal: http://www.theoccasional.com, Get all the latest entertainment news, celebrity gossip, domestic spying, and wiretapping scandals you crave!, Enjoy all the best moments from our Jean-Claude Van Damme Make My Movie Challenge in one explosive package.

Thanks again to everyone who entered the contest! Check out all the best videos in full here: http://bit.ly/1mVB5eV, What do you want to ask Seth Rogen, Zac Efron, Dave Franco, Christopher Mintz-Plasse and Neighbors director Nicholas Stoller? 

They'll be on Facebook Live this Saturday (3/8) at 1 p.m. PST, LIVE from the Funny Or Die Clubhouse at SXSW. Leave your questions in the comments below!, Congrats to marralicious for taking third in our JCVD Make My Movie Challenge with this nostalgic ’90s toy commercial that imagines Jean-Claude Van Damme as the world's greatest action figure. 

Congrats to all runners up and participants. Check out more of the best entries here! http://bit.ly/1mVB5eV, Sorry, internet. 

Someone who comments about this video in the next 24 hours will be randomly chosen to win a HUVr Board signed by the whole cast! Users posting multiple comments will be disqualified., Congrats to Winsbyfilms for this killer silver-medal submission in our JCVD Make My Movie Challenge. Brace yourself for DEATHBLOOD!

Congrats to all runners up and participants. Check out more of the best entries here! http://bit.ly/1mVB5eV, Say, man, did you know time is a flat circle? It'd be a lot cooler if you did., Our Jean-Claude Van Damme Make My Movie Challenge had many amazing submissions, but this one from Max and Jesse took first place. It features a man and his roommate, mini Jean-Claude Van Damme, palling around for the day. 

Congrats to all runners up and participants. Check out more of the best entries here! http://bit.ly/1mVB5eV, Try being your usual charming self. When that doesn't work, try this., Ellen DeGeneres’ smartphone was just a distraction from the orgy of product placement the Oscars have become., After he Putin all that effort ..., Having lost yet another Oscar, Leonardo DiCaprio is left with nothing but his hot girlfriends and millions of dollars., The Hoff breaks out all his best tricks to teach rally car driver and skateboarding legend Bucky Lasek how to act., Survey says, these GIFs will make your day., Meet the only news team ready to handle the actual news., BuzzFeed's magical content formula revealed., Mothers, lock up your daughters, the best pics of the week are here., It was for the good of humanity., Need a reminder why movie stars should stay out of the music biz? Our Spotify playlist gives you 12 of them., Like House of Cards? Then you'll love these GIFs of cards reenacting highlights from each episode. It's better this way., John Travolta totally nailed his introduction of Idina Menzel (aka Adele Dazeem) at the Oscars last night. What if he'd delivered his most famous movie lines the same way?, Terrell Owens and Tatyana Ali star in the first season of The Bachelor to feature people of color. Unfortunately, it's off to a rocky start., Well, that didn't take long., Sex, drugs, and greedy Muppets. Talk about a recipe for Oscar gold!, Don't freak out — the links you've been waiting for are finally here., You know you're a real adult when you start discussing how much we need the rain., Keep track of all the really important stuff on Oscar night with this handy ballot., This week's GIFs aren't afraid to show their sassy side., NASCAR legend Jeff Gordon pulls an epic prank on a journalist who didn't believe the Pepsi MAX "Test Drive" stunt was real. He believes it now., Thinking of attending the Academy Awards? See what you're in for with these helpful celebrity Yelp reviews., A heartfelt message to you from Comcast regarding their upcoming merger with Time Warner. , Not everything needs to be shared., Good Advice, He may not have the best taste in movies, but Joey Chestnut sure knows how to pound through an Oscar-picks list in record time., This is not pornography. This is art., Check out these kick-ass submissions for our Jean-Claude Van Damme Make My Movie Challenge! http://bit.ly/1cqyyzp

Think you can do better? Show us what you got and win some great prizes! Still 4 days left to enter: http://www.funnyordie.com/jcvd, Find out what happens when a rapper stops getting crunk, and starts gettin' real ... crunk! Yeah!, Haley Joel Osment won't let anything keep him from delivering swift justice, not even the truth. , One Korean high school threw out the rules on senior pics. Well, there was still one rule: WIN!, When the new guy crafts the most brilliant email ever, the only question in everyone's mind is, what'll he do next? , How to Enjoy a Hot Dog, The Nuge has promised to stop his racist name-calling, which means he can't retaliate when you use the following insults on him., Going to SXSW? Join us at the Funny Or Die Clubhouse for booze, music, and laughs. We’ve got Bill Cosby, Seth Rogen, Billy Eichner, Chromeo (DJ set), and a whole lot more!, Erin reveals her foolproof plan for world peace that involves shipping people off in trains, Bryan thinks Little House on the Prairie needed more Game Boys, and fun times with a Girl Scout–hating pro-lifer and Arizona’s new war on gays., Aspiring sociologist Kirill Was Here asked his Twitter followers to share the most desperate texts they've ever received. Get ready to cringe., Its coolness will overwhelm you., Bitcoin: Because your financial security should fully depend on a Magic: The Gathering server., These guys had an amazing year as actors ... almost., Arizona can't understand why people are so mad at it for its latest anti-gay bill. Naturally, it turns to America's favorite advice columnist for answers., After an inspiring visit from Hot Chelle Rae, stress pushes the judges to the breaking point when they're forced to settle on a band name no one seems to like. , Some animals have been known to stare at moving images on a screen for hours at a time., For those rare moments when "Did somebody step on a duck?" won't quite cut it., Ghostbusters. Caddyshack. Groundhog Day. The list needn’t go on, but thankfully, it does., Don't have healthcare? Will Ferrell wants you to #GetCovered!

https://www.healthcare.gov/, This week's pics are guaranteed to haunt your dreams., Two former crackheads take one last stab at reliving their glory days., Must. Eat. Lunch., Spoiler alert! We just solved all the 'True Detective' riddles., CeeLo Green and The Goodie Mob use the power of music and the magic of puppets to teach children a lesson on interracial romance., According to the law of averages, if you work alone from home, you're all nine of these., These links capture the internet's best side, and then some., The Will Ferrell vs. Chad Smith drum battle is on!!! You raised $300K for Cancer for College and made it happen! Nice work, people of the internet: http://bit.ly/1jXrjUk, You're welcome, HBO. Sincerely, the internet., Can they feel the love in their final session? No. No, they can’t. , These athletes always get their game faces on for soup., Enjoy this very literal and surprisingly NSFW reenactment of the key scenes from House of Cards’ season 2 opener., Gay reporter Tim Kalchnor finally makes it into the Olympic Village in Sochi, and gets exactly the Russian welcome he was expecting., "Hey, wanna hear the most annoying sound in the world?...", Watch these GIFs closely or they'll steal your heart! Also, probably your jewelry., Today, Mandy teaches you a fun, easy Olympics-themed look. , For most kids in high school, the future promises better days. For this group, not so much., Sports Illustrated isn't the only magazine that got the sex sells memo., We're hosting Bill Cosby in Concert at SXSW! Afterparty with Chromeo (DJ Set)! Full Funny Or Die Clubhouse schedule coming tomorrow., Calling all Billy On The Street fans!, This is what happens when you spend all your energy practicing flopping., Curious to know how the winners of Hollywood’s most important awards are chosen? It’s much simpler than you think., One more Look Back video, from the social-media platform that really doesn't want you to forget about it., Animal Fact of the Day, TV journalism hits a new low., A woman in Pickens, South Carolina was just arrested for not returning a 2005 VHS rental, but she wasn't the only dangerous perp busted that night., VFX guru Freddie Wong gives a taste of what’s possible using Funny Or Die’s Jean-Claude Van Damme green screen Action Pack. 

Download the footage and make your own action movie starring Van Damme: http://www.funnyordie.com/jcvd

Did we mention it’s FREE and you could win amazing prizes?, Looking back at the 1990s through one of its most popular shows — something no one has ever done before on the internet., Gays may not be welcome in Russia, but this reporter is willing to do anything to cover the Olympics. As long as he keeps a safe-ish distance., A storybook ending continues to elude these disenchanted couples., One Line Movie Reviews, The newsroom really wants the scoop on Russian food, but this reporter just ain't having it., Celebrity stylist David Thomas takes the boys shopping for some new threads worthy of a world-class boy band. , Do a belly flop, they said. It'll be fun, they said., Make no bones about it, these are some of the hottest pics online right now., We released tons of new Jean-Claude Van Damme green screen footage so you can make his next great action movie and win prizes!, G.I. Joe's ready for a new age of warfare in this FOD classic., Valentine's Day is over, but these links still have a lot of love to give., This guy., Do not feed the GIFs. Just lie perfectly still and watch them do their thing., Facebook just turned 10, and he sure acts like it. (NSFW), Thought things were casual with that chick you've been hooking up with? THINK AGAIN, BRAH!, Fan of The Hangover? Tune in to TBS tonight at 10/9c to watch it along with fan-submitted reenactments!, Inspired by Shia LaBeouf's L.A. apology exhibit, #IAMSORRY, Jerry O'Connell opened #IAMSORRYTOO right next door. , What a difference a decade can make., Jim Jefferies, the star of FXX's 'Legit,' sets up shop on the most romantic place on Earth, Hollywood Boulevard, to grill strangers on sex, love, and relationships. Naturally, things get weird., Check out these spicy Valentines to see how history’s fearless leaders in love conquered hearts., Let's bring this violent little psychopath to justice once and for all., Dave Foley sets the mood with more NSFW dirty talk from the letters of famed author James Joyce to his wife, Nora., "What you see is a body crafted to perfection ... ", Flying solo this year? Don't sweat it. These ideas are guaranteed to make your Valentine's Day for one truly special., The 24/7 service that gives the single lady in distress exactly what she needs, whenever she needs it., We put together a few Spotify playlists to make your Valentine's Day a little sexier. You're welcome., These big-screen adaptations of your favorite toy franchises are the next best thing to a second childhood., Bryce Dallas Howard is a woman whose love knows no bounds, even if those bounds are restraining orders. , Team Farrow takes on AOL, the NFL, and one insane San Francisco cab driver., This Putin remix puts the best spin yet on all the problems plaguing the Sochi Olympics., Yankees captain Derek Jeter just announced he'll retire after this season. We look back at his biggest career highlights., Rob Corddry coaches Badger from 'Breaking Bad' in the hoops game of his life in the latest video from indie-rock pioneers Guided by Voices., Good Advice, An anonymous Necco Sweetheart factory worker takes a huge risk., Russia's hostility to gays makes covering the Sochi Olympics extra tough for this reporter, but he's determined to deliver. , At the end of the day, aren't we all just flesh and blood walking around with paper bags on our heads?, Shia LaBeouf's bizarre behavior at a recent 'Nymphomaniac' press conference makes a lot more sense in context., Will Ferrell has accepted Chad Smith's drum-battle challenge if we can raise $300,000 for charity! Oh yeah, your donation also enters you to win a sweet golf getaway with Will!

Time to dig deep: http://bit.ly/1bJTG3a, This news anchor mistakes Samuel L. Jackson for Laurence Fishburne and gets the best response ever. , In this episode, the girls help whip the boys' hair into shape at a chic salon, while the members of boy band Midnight Red drop by with some helpful tips of their own. , Those classic Valentine's Day cards featuring Michael Jordan in his prime might read a little different these days., It's never too late to find new ways to use The Clapper., Feast your eyes on this week’s irresistible offering., One Line Movie Reviews, With the Jamaican bobsled team's Olympic return, Disney is eager to cash in with a series of sequels to the 1993 film that made them famous., Get in the Valentine's Day spirit with this NSFW reading of author James Joyce's filthy love letters to his wife, Nora., This FOD classic reveals the dark side of dog DNA tests., Taking an extra-long look at this week's links? Your secret's safe with us., A genius developer introduces the most amazing apps the world has ever seen., Sadly, the abuse of captive orcas depicted in the hard-hitting documentary 'Blackfish' is just the tip of the iceberg., When “happily ever after” meets reality, these Disney characters learn married life is anything but a fairy tale., Before you experience and enjoy Olympic sport, be sure experience and enjoy all hotel has offer!, Hey, Beyonce fans! We made some radical Serfbort shirts you can wear to the beach ... or in a half-filled tub!

Get yours here: http://bit.ly/1aEfMsM, Settle in and let these GIFs take you to a magical place., The last 10 years have been a wild ride for the Facebook founder., If you thought that Georgia lawyer's Super Bowl ad was nuts, wait till you see this guy., The Russian president has some very specific ideas on how he wants gays to behave at the Winter Olympics., Watch the epic finale of The Spoils Of Babylon tonight at 10/9c on IFC! Nothing will ever be the same. , Will Ferrell finally admitted he is Chad Smith, the drummer from the Red Hot Chili Peppers. Chad Smith wasted no time making a response video.

Watch both videos here., Russia released this helpful welcome video for any homosexuals at the 2014 Winter Olympics who had planned to turn kids gay., Do we think this meme will ever end? Neigh., After nearly 22 years, Jay Leno says goodbye to The Tonight Show. But he's determined to go out on his terms., The only thing better than these GIFs is, well, Tom Hanks., CVS announced they're no longer selling cigarettes. They plan to stop cold turkey, but will probably still sell a few when they're drunk., Erin tears Bob Dylan a new one, Brooklyn Decker gives ridiculous Super Bowl tips to ladies, and Bryan explains what has gay teens going cuckoo for steroid use., Will Ferrell dropped by Reddit yesterday for an epic AMA to benefit charity. Read his best responses here., Animal Fact of the Day, More proof that having BuzzFeed as a friend would be horrible., Watch Jesse Eisenberg transform into Superman's nemesis for the upcoming Batman vs. Superman in this remarkable audition., He’s got a black belt in talkin’ straight, and he’s not afraid to use it., Casual Tuesday is getting out of hand., We’ll know more when the results are in, but there’s a good chance this question IS the winner!, The new trailer for Annie is out, and it is super dark., If RHCP’s Super Bowl performance felt cut short, that’s because it was. Here’s how it should have gone down., Will Ferrell is on reddit right now. Ask him anything!

http://bit.ly/1aZuZVR, The boys have one last chance to impress the judges before the final boy-band lineup is announced., This NSFW video is definitely too dirty for prime time. , Look closer at this Scientology ad from the Super Bowl and you might be surprised at what you missed., Don't let anything get in the way of you viewing this amazing slideshow., Have a favorite scene from The Hangover? Show us. Submit your video reenactment for a chance to have it aired during the movie next Friday at 10/9c on TBS!

Click the link for more details., One Line Movie Reviews, A play-by-play of Peyton Manning's secret Super Bowl Sunday tweets reveals what was really on his mind., An interview with an old friend puts Brooklyn Nine-Nine star Melissa Fumero in a very uncomfortable position., It's like football, but better in every way. Will Ferrell and Craig Robinson demonstrate the gentleman's sport of bat fighting in this FOD classic., These links were made special just for you, whoever you are., Native New Yorker Eli Manning shows his brother Peyton the sights while he's in town for the big game., Animal Fact of the Day, If you've ever woken up from a night of hard drinking to find a surprise in your pants, it probably wasn't this., Billy on the Street returns with a star-studded new season, as Billy Eichner joins Amy Poehler, Neil Patrick Harris, Seth Meyers, Paul Rudd, Joel McHale, and Lena Dunham to quiz unsuspecting New Yorkers about pop culture while giving away money!

Season 3 premieres March 12 at 11/10c on Fuse!, Ads. Nothing but goddamn ads., These GIFs don't need any help looking fabulous., These homemade ads for Sombreros chips are the most extreme things you'll ever see! Get ready to get SMASHED!, Apartment hunting can be a real beast., How to Enjoy Yoga, Sparks fly in Devon’s underwater lab when his rival lovers face off in an epic smackdown. 

Watch the love triangle unfold on a new episode of The Spoils Of Babylon tonight at 10/9c on IFC!, Even a diabetes scare can't keep All Pro former running back Eddie George away from his favorite sugary beverage., Look at this ass clown., You won’t believe how far some magazines will go to alter reality. , Joe Buck tries to show New York some love before calling this Sunday’s Super Bowl, but New York ain’t having it., Finally, a State of the Union address everyone can get with., A guide to this year's best players and their most important attributes. , Pharrell answers the question the world has been asking since the 2014 Grammys: What's under that giant hat?, These GIFs are unemployed and live with their parents. But that doesn't make them any less loveable. , These puppies are going to grow up to be ferocious vegetarians., Dust off that Starter jacket and break out the wet-look hair gel, cause this ’90s party is gonna be da bomb!, What do a disgruntled NFL cheerleader, Brandon Lee in The Crow, and Coke’s new anti-gay “Share a Virtual Coke” campaign have in common? Find out in this week’s episode!, Frankenstein's Monster finally see 'I, Frankenstein,' and he no happy., Tensions run high in the search for the next great boy band as the judges battle over which of the remaining 8 contestants they must cut., Are you an Uncle Jesse? A Kimmy Gibbler? A set of toddler twins pulling an elaborate body-swap ruse? Take this fun quiz to find out!, 80% of The State reunited last night on @midnight and here's the awesome photo to prove it., He's the best in the game., It's always a good time for some T. Click on this GIF set and enjoy, sucka!, When you're booking the biggest celebrity in the world, you need to bring in the mugshot photographer to the stars. , Bitcoin is invisible and involves the Internet. Any more questions? Watch this video. , One Line Movie Reviews, When Macklemore texted Kendrick Lamar on Grammy night to say Kendrick got robbed, it wasn't the first time he'd sent that kind of text., A close encounter with a Yellowstone bear can be deadly … or the coolest thing in the world., Playing Dead Level: Expert, Now please put your hands together for this week's best still images., Les Miserables gets a much-needed update with Javert and Jean Valjean recast as two trashy street chicks getting into it at a pool party. Finally!, Adam West introduces the latest in home security in this FOD classic video., These links talk a big game, but that's only because they know they're the best., Good Advice, Every indie-film cliché in one short trailer., The Pro Bowl has revamped its rules to improve the typically low-interest game. But has the NFL gone too far?, Justin Bieber's mugshot came in like a wrecking ball., It's Friday! Sit back, relax, and watch this chill cat sit back and relax., Enjoy a moment of clarity with this week's best GIFs., One membership to rule them all., This shocking video reveals the truth behind Justin Bieber's DUI-arrest mugshot!, And yet GIFs remain a uniquely human form of enjoyment. Take that, animals., Justin has the right to remain adorable. , With his mother ailing, Winston takes control of Morehouse Conglomerated.

Catch all the lies, intrigue, and seat-swapping on a new episode of The Spoils Of Babylon tonight at 10/9c on IFC!, What's your spirit chair? Find out with this simple quiz. , Haley Joel Osment (The Sixth Sense, A.I, The Spoils of Babylon) has taken over our Twitter! Tweet him questions @funnyordie and join the fun here! http://www.funnyordie.com/twitter-takeover, Ned and Ed might agree on how to sell furniture, but how they spend their downtime is a very different story., They see me rollin', they hatin' ... on this Roomba., It's hard out there for a pope., Haley Joel Osment is taking over our Twitter tomorrow at 11 a.m. PST to answer your questions!

Join the fun here: http://www.funnyordie.com/twitter-takeover, Tarantino stopped production on "The Hateful Eight" after his script leaked. He's started a new project: "Six Motherf*ckers I Can't Trust.", The perfect NCAA Tournament bracket Warren Buffett offered to pay $1 billion for has been found! And you won't believe who the winner is., Bryan and Erin will need a coconut-oil mouth rinse just to kill the bad taste left by Bachelor Juan Pablo Galavis' comment about gays being "more pervert" and GOP congressional hopeful Dick Black's insane views on marital rape., It's never too late to start those New Year's resolutions., Animal Fact of the Day, Finally, a dating site as down with the clown as you are., A dudes-only guide to 'Girls.', Auditions for the next great boy band kick off with a bang as the teen-judge panel discovers some serious talent., Would it kill these pics not to be so funny all the time?, Jennette McCurdy sheds her squeaky-clean teen-star image to reveal her dirty side., Erin Andrews was taken aback by Richard Sherman's post-game diatribe. Fortunately, she has plenty of experience responding to famous rants., Richard Sherman seems like the kind of dude that has ruined multiple friendships over Mario Kart., You can measure the awesomeness of these links in magnitudes of Murray., The snozberries taste like snozberries!, A job interview spins insanely out of control when the roles keep getting reversed., As far as LeBron James is concerned, this new meme is just plain foul., Spoiled rich kid Jordan Lee Howard had it all, until he turned into a werewolf and his dad cut off his allowance. (NSFW), Want to score an awesome FOD prize pack? Throw a funny caption on the photo below and if we like it, you win. Game on., The only thing worse than an awkward performance review on your birthday is one even the apocalypse can't stop., These GIFs are everything you're hoping for, and a whole lot more., Things get weird when a woman falls in love with her computer., Is it a poisoned meatball or just a cat turd? Either way, follow these simple steps to keep the situation under control., Devon Morehouse (Tobey Maguire) shares a close moment with his father, Jonas (Tim Robbins), and Jonas’ cane.

Watch a new episode of The Spoils Of Babylon tonight at 10/9c on IFC!, Let others know you care., Watching this show is a total duck blur., Even the elite world of semi-professional film critics isn't safe from the occasional idiot., Mert Flerb, the guy who rates every single movie for Time Warner Cable’s channel guide, reveals his methods., A hip-hop ballet to honor Captain Chesley "Sully" Sullenberger on the 5th anniversary of the Miracle on the Hudson., It's important to know your limits., Shez Cassim is home after spending 9 months in an Abu Dhabi prison for posting a comedy video. Thank you for helping us raise awareness and supporting free speech!, John Candy on your TV is like having two great babysitters in one!, A show host confuses the star of new comedy ‘Ride Along’ for a baby. Ice Cube doesn't help convince him otherwise., Copy, paste, tweak, repeat., Did you see Martha Stewart's bizarre throat lozenge commercial during the Golden Globes? Here's why she did it., 19 overwhelmingly ridiculous images of Hulk Hogan to remind you how weird Hulkamania was: http://bit.ly/1iS9gi9, Spider-Man's worst enemy is revealed as he runs some errands., We got our hands on the New Jersey governor’s personal burn book, and it’s an absolute scorcher!, All the best footage from Jacqueline Bisset's amazing speech at the 2014 Golden Globes., "In retrospect, that last tweet was a bad idea.” —Everyone, Playing it safe just isn't Aisha Tyler's style., Who knew a naked cellphone selfie could say so much?, To be fair, they had gym and laundry on lock., A former high school Royal, now 10 years older, Molly Dworsky offers a fresh take on Lorde’s hit song., You don't have to be Leonardo DiCaprio to get the best of something dropped in your lap — like these amazing GIFs, for instance., Not every black man can measure up to society's expectations., Take off all your clothes and lose yourself in the music of Trebek spitting verses., These pics are all the support you need to make it through Monday., Charlize Theron exposes her freaky side in this FOD classic., Join us tonight at 10/9c on TBS for an airing of Anchorman along with tribute videos submitted by you! 

Missing this would be a bad choice., Sure, polar bears start out cute, but they're a bitch to housebreak., When a celebrity gets caught in a compromising position, you can always count on the Internet to do the right thing., Get out before it's too late., A blistering collection of jams for dad featuring hits such as ‘You Were an Accident’ and ‘Skylar Is Allergic to Peanuts’!, Our gear of the year is here! Keep your feet cozy and stylish with new Funny Or Die socks.

We’ll be giving them away throughout the year, but we’ll send a pair to five people who message us today!, Behold the stealthiest defensive team the world has never seen., Prepare yourself for a season of scandal, jaws slacked by righteous indignation, and the addition of a cartoon mouse., These GIFs are in the best shape of their lives., The lineup looks sick this year!, Kenny Mayne helped his nephew Troy, who is blind and has Asperger’s, fulfill his dream of announcing an NFL game., Here’s a taste of what you can expect from the premiere of The Spoils Of Babylon tonight at 10/9c on IFC!, When you’re a kid, there’s nothing more embarrassing than someone catching you being yourself., Animal Fact of the Day, Animal odd couples are adorable and heartwarming. If they want to bang each other that’s their business., Funny Or Die is putting together the next great boy band with the help of the most qualified judges around: teenage girls.

Join us on January 21st for the auditions!, How far will a desperate actor go to have a Hollywood agent watch his acting reel?, Bryan and Erin discover why they’re best friends thanks to a study by Texas Christian University, gay marriage comes to Utah, and "living dolls" are even creepier than they sound., Qualifying for the Olympics is tough. Enjoying the winter games in Russia is easy with these tips., That awkward moment when you realize you're wearing the same thing as the stairs., Before there was Guy, Jodeci, H-Town, Dru Hill, and Jagged Edge, there was Lustacy., A touching ode to Kim Jong Un by his bestie, Dennis Rodman., If life were like Twitter it would be about as satisfying as it sounds., Follow your dreams! Unless they're really stupid. Which they probably are. Maybe don't follow your dreams., Michael Bay’s onstage meltdown at CES will soon be forgotten. Optimus Prime’s death will haunt him forever., The Polar Vortex is here and we're all going to freeze to death. Here are the 12 best positions to be in when it happens: http://bit.ly/1dPBKaW, "Be cool. Here comes a human.", The Worm enlists an all-star crew to celebrate Kim Jong Un's birthday, but he's still holding out for Michael Jordan., Jon Daly unlocks the lady-killing power of smooth-jazz sax thanks to his new imaginary friendship with Kenny G., Follow these hot tips to open the floodgates of your full sexual potential!, Do you own a TV? Do you like to laugh? Tune in to a new @midnight tonight on Comedy Central and start off the new year right! It's on at midnight, by the way., Want to hear more about the game and less about the new Fox Dads? How about no. Just no., There is 100% a medical marijuana store in L.A. selling some weed called Polar Vortex today., A love story every football fan can appreciate., Everybody needs to step up their pic game in 2014. Get motivated with these week-one winners., There's only one way this plays out., Anchorman's Champ Kind took Dorothy Mantooth to a nice seafood dinner and never called her again, and now she's taking him to The People's Court., Downton Abbey's Michelle Dockery swaps a parasol for a pistol as agent Connie Tough in this gritty new Chicago cop drama starring The Shield's Michael Chiklis., Experiments with the new office 3D printer get out of hand in this video from the FOD Best of 2013 series., Watch this FOD classic and have a very Downton Diddy Christmas this year. http://bit.ly/1krQ0K6, In case you missed it, Zach Galifianakis interviewing Justin Bieber is the gift that keeps on giving this Christmas. http://bit.ly/1gSuY7w, Adulthood — it burns! Find some relief with the life lessons embedded in this beloved holiday classic., ’Twas the night before Christmas ... and this dude got hammered. Enjoy this spirited gem from the FOD archives., Get in a festive mood with one of this year's biggest FOD hits — Alyssa Milano Sex Tape: http://bit.ly/1cHnU6u, Ralphie relives a childhood trauma and loses it at the Ovaltine office Christmas party in this series finale., Creeping people out is an art form. Master it with these tips., A modern-day Scrooge tired of tacky holiday-sweater parties is shown the error of his ways., Drinking can become a serious problem if you don't practice every day., Satan (Gene Simmons) celebrates Pissmas in hell with his family., A rap for all the boys and girls who only want one thing for Christmas., The Anchorman 2 Scotchy Scotch Toss game is pure adrenaline wrapped in fine leather.

Download it now and start being a winner: http://bit.ly/18D71yD, American citizen Shez Cassim has spent 8 months in an Abu Dhabi prison for posting a comedy video. Please sign this petition to help #FreeShez! http://bit.ly/1gJaPR7, The story of the tacky holiday sweater is the story of civilization itself., Avoid all the classic Christmas pitfalls with these must-have apps., Die Hard's Reginald VelJohnson blows the doors off a boring office Christmas party., Here are the year's top GIFs, each one perfect for turning into a poster and hanging on your wall., Santa sometimes rewards the naughty ones too., Boring-beard blues got you down? Jazz up your whiskers with one of these hot new styles!, Sometimes you just can't catch a break., Make your tree-lighting ceremony extra special with this stylish T-shirt.

Get yours now for only $10! http://bit.ly/18S3RkY, Anchorman 2 writer/director Adam McKay took over our Twitter yesterday. Read his best stuff here., Fortunately, a crackdown on poaching reduced "elf-on-the-shelf" trophy kills by 60% this season., Samuel L. Jackson, Tobey Maguire, and Arcade Fire join Zach Galifianakis for an extra-festive Between Two Ferns., Shouldn't we be there by meow?, Grown-up Ralphie from A Christmas Story gets sidetracked chasing his dream girl and winds up in hot water at work., Unless your name rhymes with "Durango," Ron Burgundy probably won't remember it., Stuff your face full of saucy GIF goodness., You got this, big man., Anchorman 2 writer/director Adam McKay has taken over our Twitter! 

Tweet him questions @funnyordie RIGHT NOW, and join the party here: http://www.funnyordie.com/twitter-takeover, You've seen the rest, now check out the best of Ron Burgundy in action., SPOILER ALERT! This video is rotten with deliciously bad puns., Just one Cronut a day could feed half the world's starving children's diabetes., Adam McKay is taking over our Twitter tomorrow at 10:30 a.m. PST to answer your questions!

Join the party here: https://twitter.com/funnyordie, This Christmas classic will never sound the same to you again., The ultimate quarterback can throw a mean Big Mac spiral., Breathe easy — the slideshow you've been waiting for has finally arrived., Brittany Snow’s one-woman caroling crusade meets resistance when an old rival shows up to challenge her., John Mayer takes you behind the scenes of his songwriting process in this FOD classic., "Gameday of Thrones" is the epic fantasy book you've been waiting for that finally merges football with dragons., Get up close and personal with this week's best links., Animal Fact of the Day, One man's football fantasy reveals what it would be like if football players wore antennas that made them say exactly what they were thinking., This #1 holiday jam is bringing everyone together., *help*, He really needs to get his own place., Fox News' Megyn Kelly made Santa's naughty list insisting he was white. Now read his response., It's time we take our GIF relationship to the next level., A father goes to extremes to make his son's prom experience truly unforgettable., Best Batman. Best everything. Just the best., Ralphie is all grown up and this year, instead of a BB gun, all he wants for Christmas is a girlfriend., Tom Hanks and Emma Thompson are back with a secret that's cool for all ages., A foolproof approach for a completely predictable result., Steven Spielberg is shocked to discover George Lucas' secret "creative process.", Amy Poehler and Billy Eichner hit the streets of New York to recruit Christmas carolers — and they demand perfection., This is how you win an argument., American citizen Shez Cassim is jailed in Abu Dhabi for posting a comedy video on the Internet. Help raise awareness and support Shez with this T-shirt.

All proceeds will be donated to the Free Shezanne Cassim Fund. http://bit.ly/1h0RSa3, Experience what wizards have known for millennia: Beards are the leather jackets of the face., The Supreme Leader will not be noogied., All families have unique holiday customs. Some are downright weird., Comedian Paul F. Tompkins tackles 50 tough questions and survives ... barely., Jerry O'Connell talks sun damage and Kardashians, and Bryan and Erin discuss aristocratic title inheritance in this highbrow/lowbrow edition of Throwing Shade!, Will Ferrell, Patton Oswalt, Adam McKay, Chris Mintz-Plasse, and many more comedy friends express their support to #FreeShez., #FreeShez, This video got American citizen Shez Cassim imprisoned in Abu Dhabi. Please show support and help #FreeShez: http://bit.ly/J0cbsd, American citizen Shez Cassim is imprisoned in Abu Dhabi for posting a comedy video. Help us raise awareness and #FreeShez: http://bit.ly/J0cbsd, Two bartenders test the theory that a woman can have sex whenever she wants., Have fun while you can, kids, ’cause in the game of life you always lose., Very rare and extremely baller FOD champagne., Enjoy a little you time with this amazing photo slideshow., Veteran CNN anchors Wolf Blitzer, Anderson Cooper, and Chris Cuomo recall their experiences with Ron Burgundy., Peter Jackson offers a sneak peek at the many, many adaptations he has in store for The Hobbit., Ralphie's foul mouth is out of control in this scene from the holiday classic., Kristen Bell reveals her secret obsession in this FOD classic., Win a trip for two to Funny Or Die in L.A. and star in one of our videos!

It's simple: Just pick up our party game before December 18 and show us your best pair! http://amzn.to/IGoHfQ, What great links we have! The better to entertain you with., Want to be on TV? 

Recreate your favorite scene from Anchorman and submit the video before December 20 for a chance to have it aired on TBS! Don't act like you're not impressed., Ron Burgundy grills Peyton Manning about mustaches and stallions., Just hanging out in the office., Call of Duty's shocking revelation puts a lot of player dialogue in context., Critics say, "It's like rain on your wedding day," or something., Look out — this week's GIFs are full of surprises., The Funny Or Die party game is sexy and dangerous. Play at your own risk., Watching animals take out clueless kids never gets old., Want to hang with us in L.A. and appear in a Funny Or Die video? Pick up our party game and show us your best pair! http://amzn.to/IGoHfQ, Rob Delaney is a perfect parent. Learn from him., Go green this Christmas with this festive T-shirt our elves made: http://bit.ly/1gada7o, This Angel didn't quite make the cut., War is hell. And in hell, everyone says "happy holidays.", The voice of Lisa Simpson joins Bryan and Erin to talk shoes, face tattoos, and why she'd like to be trapped in a tool shed with Jack Nicholson., The new Scotchy Scotch Toss game is the greatest app in the history of Western civilization.

Download it now. It always goes down smooth: http://bit.ly/18D71yD, In the future, every actor will star in Chicago The Musical at least once., Fact: 90% of Americans are uncles. Artie Johann breaks them all down into three types., What's not to love about this new Best Coast video featuring a killer tennis-racket-guitar solo and a whole lotta balls?, This dog has better rhythm than you. Deal with it., Everyone loves donuts. Some people REALLY love them., Nothing screams "meal deal" like dramatic stories of human suffering., Amazon's new delivery drones force the competition to get creative., Quitter, In the dramatic season finale of Lady Time, limo trouble leads to a fateful encounter with a handsome stranger!, Clearly, being this despicable takes some planning., Hello Sarah Connor, your Amazon.com order has shipped!, Remember, we live in a world with Bill Murray, so we got that going for us., Knowshon Moreno's next end-zone celebration may feature a Slip 'N Slide., Dave Franco and Chris Mintz-Plasse wrap up their epic road trip with a massive bash in Manhattan., Celebrate Cyber Monday in style. All the awesome shirts we designed are just $12 today only! http://bit.ly/18VyzgC, Tom Cruise feels the need — the need to seed., This gripping thriller exposes Hollywood blogging's most notorious real-life drama., Watching dads fight used to be the only way for kids to have fun. Lucky for dads, we've got a new party game., We designed a bunch of awesome shirts you can buy for 50% off today only! Beats doing laundry: http://bit.ly/1aSjPzn, Black Friday isn't complete without our new party game. Get it online: http://tgt.biz/1dBjqoB or brave the cruel world and find it at a store near you!, Don't let your grandparents have all the fun. Get the Funny Or Die party game online: http://tgt.biz/1dBjqoB or at a store near you!, Happy Thanksgiving!, These amazing beards will grow on you ... over and over again., Flexible vegan Pete Holmes will eat bread crumbs out of a turkey's butt this Thanksgiving just like any normal person., Turkey funerals and fist fights are just the beginning. For guaranteed family fun, pick up the new Funny Or Die party game and laugh till it hurts.

Get it online: http://tgt.biz/1dBjqoB, or venture outside and find it at a retail store near you!, Grab some turkey and a pigskin and let the troll-bashing begin. It's a special holiday episode of Throwing Shade!, Some girls have so much to be thankful for it hurts., Bone up on this year's hottest hunks!, The Anchorman 2 gang harmonizes on a delightful ditty., "The farts are never in your favor.", This game is a good choice., An epic hot-tub session turns the ladies into lobsters in this week's fever-dreamy episode., Thanksgiving is here! Make the most of it with these must-do Turkey Day activities., This Thanksgiving, the turkeys get the last gobble., Bill Cosby took over our Twitter account to answer questions and share his wisdom. Here are the highlights: http://bit.ly/IeeIPw, The special ingredient in Pete Holmes' turkeys is love., Everything you thought you knew about Thanksgiving is wrong., Nick Kroll tries to survive a joint Thanksgiving/Hanukkah celebration with the in-laws in this zany holiday movie., Tell your dad who's boss in the only language he'll understand., Scrappy orphans lament the holiday-shopping spree that killed their parents., Download the FREE final issue of our beloved digital humor magazine before it goes gently into that good night: http://bit.ly/1jz8zso

And fear not: The Occasional will be reborn soon with a new website coming to an Internet near you!, Hope you're hungry for some smokin'-hot links!, We helped Sarah Silverman make her new comedy special that premieres TONIGHT at 10/9c on HBO. Be excited!, CAUTION: This dish is extremely sexy., A shocking new interview with the second gunman on the grassy knoll., Urgent news story: This is a real book you can own today! http://amzn.to/1aEqmgQ, Maybe giving Melissa Bachman her own Lions edition of Zoobooks was a bad idea., Bill Cosby has taken over our Twitter!

Tweet him questions @funnyordie and follow along here: http://www.funnyordie.com/twitter-takeover, Bill Cosby is taking over our Twitter in one hour!

Follow @funnyordie, prepare your questions, and join the party: http://www.funnyordie.com/twitter-takeover, Is that this week's best GIFs under there, or are you just happy to see us?, This head-to-head comparison determines how you should spend your next-gen dollars., These ladies can’t get enough., Get worked up for the weekend with Ron Burgundy's rendition of Rob Ford's campaign song, Sarah Silverman will never forget the time she met President Obama ... no matter how hard she tries.

Sarah's HBO special "We Are Miracles" premieres Saturday night at 10/9c!, This white man can't jump, but he plays an amazing athlete., Bill Cosby is taking over our Twitter tomorrow at 1 p.m. PST! 

Follow @funnyordie, prepare your questions and join the conversation! http://www.funnyordie.com/twitter-takeover, Because the holiday season should never end., Some Facebook posts really are a matter of life and death., Alec Baldwin's anti-gay slurs, dirty gym-floor pills, and terrible sex advice for teens are this week's hot topics., Step up to the big leagues with Ron Burgundy in this EXCLUSIVE Anchorman 2 clip., The troubled gun enthusiast gets some helpful advice on laying low., Jean-Claude Van Damme would buy this T-shirt for only $14: http://bit.ly/1bDX9Q7, Baron Davis is going to make this girl a street-ball star whether she wants him to or not., Download the final issue of our beloved digital humor magazine for FREE: http://bit.ly/19HYowk

And look for the new Occasional website coming soon to an Internet near you!, No gaming system can entirely replace reality ... yet., Bill Cosby serves up a tasty turkey tale in this animated Thanksgiving special., Louie Anderson clearly missed his calling as a rapper., Chris Hardwick recently took over our Twitter account. Here are some highlights., This dog is giving blondes a bad name., 150 years ago today, America got punked., What the hell did we do last night?, Sperm-donor selection goes down easier with bottomless mimosas and scrambled eggs in this week's Lady Time!, How long can you touch Ron Burgundy? Keep your mouse on everyone's favorite news anchor and you could win a brand-new 2014 Dodge Durango!

Start touching Ron now! http://bit.ly/1fd0Ra3, Breaking up can be a real bitch., Anderson Cooper in a Wolf Blitzer dashiki. Like a boss., Mind = Blown, The Chuck Norris GIF is actually a film of him punching infinity to death., Congrats to Will Ferrell and Ron Burgundy for making the cover of GQ's Men of the Year issue!, The first Upworthy movie poster on this list will have you in tears. By poster 21 you'll be questioning everything., Reality sets in for one gay man looking for love in a mansion filled with other gay men looking for love., Emma Stone introduces the best iPhone apps for murdering your scumbag boyfriend in this FOD classic., Satisfy your inner tramp with a whole bunch of links at once., One-Line Obituaries, The NFL's worst nightmare is pure comedy., untz untz untz untz ..., Pharrell with the FOD crew today at his studio., Rob Ford YOLO shirts available now in our Busted Tees store: http://bit.ly/19rp7Nm, Rob Ford's oral-sex remark triggers an explicit reaction from his wife., Jon Stewart's hate runs deeper than any pizza casserole., Get juiced for this week's mightiest GIFs., Sometimes a guy is too close to his mother., When kittens attack ... everybody wins., Surprisingly, nothing about this photo is educational., GWAR lead singer Oderus Urungus loses his murderous mojo, prompting the rest of the band to embark on an Antarctic quest for the cure. With Weird Al Yankovic., Larry David captured at the exact moment his enthusiasm gets curbed., Will you join me, Ron Burgundy, and rest of the Anchorman cast on stage in L.A.? Last chance to enter and grant me eternal bliss is right now: http://bit.ly/JoinRonInLA, Jay Z has nothing on DJ Steve Porter’s remix of Toronto mayor Rob Ford talking crack., It's hard to do E.T. alone, Find out if David Spade is right about himself on a new episode of @Midnight tonight at midnight on Comedy Central!, Hashtag warrior Thomas Lennon recalls his glorious performance on @Midnight and discusses why he's so awesome., Toronto residents hate Rob Ford so much that they're almost willing to be impolite about it., Animal Fact of the Day, In Russia, dating site gets creepy on you!, "Shake It Like a White Lady" is the new song from Nick Cannon that's guaranteed to get your arrhythmic booty moving., The band Dawes gets a "fixer" to help them find new musical inspiration., Watch David Koechner serve up some jokes on an all new episode of @Midnight tonight at midnight on Comedy Central!, Richie Incognito’s mother sent this family-wide email to make sure the conversation at their Thanksgiving dinner table is pleasant., M (Judi Dench) enlists the help of Agent 002 (Steve Coogan) to win a PG-13 rating from the MPAA for the film Philomena., Chris Hardwick has taken over our twitter! Tweet questions for him @funnyordie NOW & read his live answers here: http://funnyordie.com/twitter-takeover, The girls go wild over a cursed business model and get a visit from the FBI on this week's Lady Time., Bowling: You're doing it wrong., Dave Franco and Chris Mintz-Plasse are in Chicago to beat the record for world's largest deep-dish pizza., Miley Cyrus is the only one who missed 2Pac and Biggie's message., The most epic beer-passing trick-shot video sequel ever., Chris Hardwick is taking over our Twitter account tomorrow to satisfy all your funny needs! Get some starting at 1:30pm PST right here: http://bit.ly/15eRIre., These parade announcers get real about troop support., Strangely confusing Free Birds posters translated for your convenience., You can hang with the cast of Anchorman 2 by supporting 826LA. Don't blow this., WARNING: This Patrick Warburton classic will leave you in stitches., A dangerously potent batch of 99% chemically pure links., Good luck finding the biggest loser in this lineup., Spinning helplessly through space, an astronaut gets an assist from the worst possible source., Three Teen Wolf Moon, GIF yourself a treat with this week's greatest hits., A cast of cliché characters torments a writer seeking an original TV series idea., Lubricated with tears of laughter ... and pain., Sup?

http://amzn.to/1aaUo7p, A truly kick-ass latte., Chris Farley character or Toronto mayor Rob Ford? Guess., One man's heartbreaking farewell to a fallen giant., Not all British accents are sexy., Winter is coming. Let's make everything taste like a goddamn pie., Competitive eating taken to a whole new level., Why so serious?, Porn shrines of the dead, non-gay Christmas ornaments, and divas running for Botox — nothing is sacred on this week's Throwing Shade., Justin Bieber's recent visit to a popular Brazilian brothel must have inspired a few choice lines in the guestbook., You don’t have to be married with children to claim these Bundy benefits., Brooklyn Nets stars are bringing old-school basketball back, in every way., Guy Fieri recently testified in a trial. We've obtained these exclusive sketches from his day in court., Fuhgeddabout the same-old political hacks. We got your next mayor right here., Finally, a drug that promises to do something for nothing., Seriously, where are the nipples on this thing?!, A naughty bridal-shower gift creates friction in this episode of Lady Time starring special guest David Krumholtz!, THIS INTERNET, I LIKE IT! ANOTHER!, These athletes have excellent hand-eye coordination, except when forced to use only their hands and eyes., We have a very important announcement: The new Anchorman 2 poster is here. And it is magnificent., BlackBerry’s last employee introduces his company’s latest (and last) device., We're unveiling the new Anchorman 2 poster tomorrow! Here's a little taste., If these links were shirts, even Matthew McConaughey would enjoy them., Do your junk justice with this very NSFW tutorial., Kanye West would sound really down-to-earth if he only spoke in Arcade Fire lyrics., Relax, it's Friday., 21 lickable GIFs guaranteed to start your weekend off right., Ron Burgundy has very important things to say about his new book. Watch this and feel very important too. http://bit.ly/HyRi6o, Check out a very special Halloween edition of @Midnight tonight at midnight on Comedy Central. Everyone's in costume!, Two best friends take their Halloween spirit to scary extremes., Someone should teach these little monsters that cuteness is no substitute for cultural sensitivity., A suburban couple confronts a demonic presence living in their child's closet., Playing the Funny Or Die game on Hasbro's party bus on Halloween is basically the best time ever. http://amzn.to/1aaUo7p, Our Nor Cal office representing with some exceptional holiday garb., Some really spectacular Halloween costumes from our L.A. office! How many can you name?, This makeup tutorial is so fast and easy it'll make your head spin!, Jack-LOL-Lantern, Trapped zombie apocalypse survivors face a grim choice., Happy Halloween! These delightfully dark drawings will get you in the spooky spirit., Want to learn all about horrible people taking selfies at funerals? Tune in to a new @Midnight tonight at midnight on Comedy Central., Halloween is the Super Bowl of candy. Sort out your fantasy draft picks now or get stuck with all Runts., An exorcism turns surprisingly personal when a priest confronts a demon from his past., The winner for best-decorated pumpkin in the office., BREAKING: Chris Brown Punches Slice of Pizza at the Ball Pit of a Chuck E. Cheese's; overheard saying, "I feel like dancing with my fists.", Drunk college girls and homophobic restaurant patrons keep Bryan and Erin talking through 6 random costume changes in this special Hallowqueen episode of Throwing Shade!, Check out all the costumes that will put yours to shame., Watch Patton Oswalt on a new episode of @Midnight tonight at midnight on Comedy Central!, Now you can hate the player and the game., Cameron Diaz having sex with a Ferrari looked even better on paper., Marilyn Manson shares a series of blood-curdling Halloween horror stories with a group of mischievous teens., Justin Beaver, Because an actual post about Chris Brown would be a felony assault on good taste., Gather the gals and settle in for a spooky installment of the show that has all the ladies on this show talking: Lady Time!, Go green with Doug Benson on a new episode of @Midnight tonight at midnight on Comedy Central!, These Chipotle hacks are the extra helping of awesome sauce in your burrito experience., Hasbro is touring the Funny Or Die game around New York City on a party bus! http://amzn.to/1aaUo7p, Aspiring starlets endure horrific auditions for a haunted hayride role., Dave Franco and Chris Mintz-Plasse get a bone-jarring wake-up call outside South Park, CO., A Happy Place, Show off some real sex appeal this Halloween with one of these outrageously erotic costumes., Don’t expect the lamestream media to help your parents through the nightmare of ordering at Starbucks., These tasty links are the muffin tops of the Internet. Everything else is garbage., A creepy classic gets a modern makeover., Fly with them. Laugh with us!, Sloth from The Goonies getting sacked by DeMarcus Ware in booty shorts would make for some damn good football., Stick out your tongue and twerk around town in this “Team Miley” shirt, on sale for just $12! http://bit.ly/1ajJaQ7, Your wildest pipe dreams can't compare to the awesomeness of this week's GIFs., Billy Eichner and Rachel Dratch visit a seemingly harmless haunted house, only to face their most dreaded demons., Thomas Lennon isn't just an executive producer of @Midnight, he's also a contestant!

Tune in tonight at midnight on Comedy Central after The Colbert Report to see how he does., More proof the Back to the Future theme song enhances everything., Our new party game is not Xbox compatible. Yes, we broke an Xbox to take this picture., Still saving video projects to a hole in your chest like a robot? Watch this tutorial for a better way., Hushed Puppy, Nobody smears the line between vandalism and street art like Banksy., Going out this Halloween? Expect to see these costumes everywhere!, Enjoy this clip about butthole tattoos and tune in to a brand new @Midnight tonight at midnight on Comedy Central., "Hey. Sup?", From the whale's vagina to the Big Apple, Ron Burgundy and crew are back to reclaim their glory. It's kind of a big deal., Who thinks MLB should just let Marcia Gay Harden announce the World Series Wrestlemania-style?, Once you see these shadows, you can't unsee them. They're too hard to ignore., Find out what tweets about Ke$ha and Yelp reviews of rest stop bathrooms have in common in this clip from last night's @Midnight.

New episode of @Midnight tonight on Comedy Central at midnight after The Colbert report!, Kiernan Shipka (Mad Men) is also a child psychologist to the stars. 

In this episode, she counsels Andrew Keegan (10 Things I Hate About You), Amandla Stenberg (Hunger Games), Ty Simpkins (Insidious/Iron Man 3) and Morgan Saylor (Homeland)., Watch a new episode of @Midnight tonight at midnight on Comedy Central after The Colbert Report! 

Chris Hardwick is joined by Kurt Braunohler, Andy Daly, Brendon Walsh and probably at least one dick joke., Ugh, follow this flowchart., Fresh off the iPad Air announcement, we made a timely Apple parody about timely Apple parodies., Behold! The premiere episode of our new show @Midnight! If you like butts, you're gonna love this. 

New episode tonight at midnight on Comedy Central after The Colbert Report., Goo-lish visitors get Carmen Electra hot and bothered about her seedy past in this NSFW video., Enjoy just some tips on a healthy sex life., Our new show @Midnight premieres tonight at midnight on Comedy Central after The Colbert Report! 

Chris Hardwick hosts, it features some great comedians and it brings the world of the Internet on to your TV. Check it out! We promise you'll probably like it., This cat gets more action than everyone who Likes this post combined., The pee-wee football Vikings prepare for their first game, as player holdouts, injuries and legal troubles threaten their season before it begins., "The Walking Dead" should be called "Wait, Who The Hell Was That?", As if we needed any other reason to be jealous of famous people., Outtakes from Tom Lennon's hard hitting interview with Chris Hardwick about @Midnight.

@Midnight premieres TONIGHT (at midnight, duh) after The Colbert Report on Comedy Central!, Go more than skin deep in the FREE new F*ck issue of The Occasional: http://bit.ly/1gYZWsM, Click these links. Feels good, man., "We Are Young" -- a film about being drunk, nervous, weird and in love -- is FREE on Funny Or Die for one last night.

Watch it tonight, then look for screenings soon in a movie theater near you soon!, Theater management politely requests NO TEXTING during 12 Years a Slave., Owners of offensivel-named sports teams are a proud, misunderstood people., Will Ferrell with Dodgers pitcher Brian Wilson at Wednesday's game., Pugkin Spice Latte, How cool would it be if TGIF stood for like, Totally GIF? Pretty sweet, right? OK, have a good weekend!, The CEO of the flesh-eating drug Krokodil gives you some straight talk about his product., What's cooler than being cool? Prince., The iPhone 5s and 5c just came out, but check out these even newer iPhone models., This is the only grizzly bear that can beat Napoleon Dynamite at tetherball., Pour Decisions, Cloris Leachman reads a little bit too much into her storybook with the kids., Fred Armisen has taken over our Twitter account! Tweet questions for him @funnyordie NOW & read his answers here: http://funnyordie.com/twitter-takeover, Easy costumes you can make from stuff lying around the house., That's gonna leave a mark., Do you like cute puppies like this little guy? Well there's plenty more where that came from if you follow us on Pinterest: http://pinterest.com/funnyordie, "If at first you don't succeed, take a nap" shirts available now in our magical online shirt store: http://bit.ly/17uyuff, Now that Charlie Hunnam's out, we choose the top 10 sexy hunks we want for the "50 Shades of Grey" movie., Fred Armisen is taking over our Twitter tomorrow at 11am PST! He will rock you.

Follow @funnyordie and get your questions ready: http://twitter.com/funnyordie, Everyone loved him on the silver screen, but it was on television where Michael J. Fox truly shined., Ian Rubbish (Fred Armisen) interviews The Clash's Mick Jones and Paul Simonon about the punk revolution, and the three put on a killer performance., All jokes aside, this would probably solve most of the world's problems., See how these A-listers paid the bills before they were stars., David Spade is the most uninteresting dude in the world., You know how when something is so cute you just want to squeeze it's little face forever?, We're at Dodger Stadium today for a shoot! The crowd is really coming to life in the bottom of the -23rd inning!, David Spade releases the unseen footage of his Inappropriate Pilot Series., Impress your friends and lovers with these unbelievable manatee facts!, On the new Little Knockers, Coach Bruce Kilmer (Jim O'Heir) must begin the process of cutting his team down to the league-mandated 30 players., People talk a lot about the horrible things Christopher Columbus did, but he also directed Home Alone so maybe cut the guy some slack., Now you and your family can be the Hanks family, which means you can be the best family!, Living in Los Santos without health insurance is a dangerous game to play., Dave Franco & Chris Mintz-Plasse begin their epic adventure by driving to Las Vegas to marry a couple., A historical figure remembered and honored for a reason., Property Brothers Drew Scott and Jonathan Silver Scott help a conflicted power couple with their (debt) ceiling issues., Check out these women holding wieners & much more in the FREE new F#%k issue of The Occasional: http://bit.ly/1ak1Fm4

Download The Occasional today for iPad & iPhone: http://bit.ly/15OQAqF, Enjoy these links. Or don't. Your call., We hope you enjoyed Breast Cancer Awareness Week on FOD.

Help fight cancer and donate to:

Bright Pink http://www.brightpink.org/

&

Stand Up To Cancer: http://www.standup2cancer.org/, David Andrew Brent might do the best Schwarzenegger impression of all time., Taco cat was an inside job., We've got all this week's top GIFs at bargain basement prices! Seriously, with prices this low, you'll wonder why you ever shop anywhere else!, An improvement on the hit BBC nature series Planet Earth., Sometimes being too positive can be a negative., The best part about college football has always been the arts and crafts., Whoever thought to put a severed head in the milk drawer definitely has the Halloween spirit., We guarantee you've never seen a bigger pair of boobs than these., In the grand tradition of Garfield Minus Garfield, we present yet another thought-provoking twist on the classic Garfield comic., Syd Wilder teaches you everything you need to know to take a slutty selfie., An inside look at how Alfonso Cuarón's "Gravity" was brought to the screen., Every great kiss begins with a camera in your face., Sneak preview of Nick Cannon's upcoming FOD video., In space, everyone can hear you hyperventilate., Olivia Wilde and Billy Eichner play a very simple but important game., Ask not what your Congress can do for you. No, seriously. Don't ask. Because they don't give a fuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuck., Fox News unveiled a futuristic new set this week that might be kind of cool if it wasn't so completely ridiculous., Aimee Mann, Jon Wurster, Sharon Van Etten and J Mascis (Dinosaur Jr.) harmonize to cover a John Denver classic., Snuggle Bunny, Pusha T has taken over our Twitter account! Tweet questions for him @funnyordie NOW & read his answers here: http://funnyordie.com/twitter-takeover, Rebecca Romijn wants to keep you abreast of her handy new product., AriZona Iced Tea writes Miley Cyrus an open letter after her recent controversial photo shoot with Terry Richardson., She's also a better dancer than you, probably., An honest brochure for a co-ed summer camp., Coach Kilmer (Jim O’Heir) and the Vikings begin training camp after a dramatic offseason threatens the chemistry of their pee-wee football team., Pusha T is taking over our Twitter tomorrow at 12:30pm PST to talk to you! 

Follow @funnyordie and get your questions ready: http://twitter.com/funnyordie, Fortunately, the government shutdown didn't seem to affect the quality of this week's GIFs., A behind the scenes look at the special effects team that made the woman with three boobs from the original Total Recall., Maria Bamford answers 50 sexy questions in the free new F*ck Issue of The Occasional.

Download The Occasional for free today on iPad & iPhone: http://bit.ly/LhxizA, We wish you loved us half as much as you're gonna love this week's links., "Fuck it. YOLO." -Congress, This is just a great video of a husky going HAM in a big pile of leaves., Take this quiz to determine if you're sexually attracted to your cousin., Compare sex symbols then & now in the free new F*ck Issue of The Occasional!

Download it today for free on iPad & iPhone: http://bit.ly/RnIzG6, See how these comedians would handle themselves at an orgy in the FREE new F*ck Issue of The Occasional.

Download it today for iPad & iPhone: http://bit.ly/RnIzG6, Download the FREE new "F*ck Issue" of The Occasional! It's the latest from our digital humor magazine & it's filled with all kinds of sexy content you just can't live without.

Available now for iPad & iPhone: http://bit.ly/RnIzG6, Adam Scott has taken over our Twitter! Tweet questions for him @funnyordie & read his live answers here: http://funnyordie.com/twitter-takeover, Adam Scott is taking over our Twitter acct in less than one hour at 10am PST! 

Start tweeting questions for him @funnyordie now & read his answers here: http://funnyordie.com/twitter-takeover, This sports fan has a bit to much to drink at the game and goes to town on some popcorn., Watch the premiere of We Are Young: a feature film about coming of age and going with your heart. 

Available FREE now on Funny Or Die for a limited time before theatrical release: http://bit.ly/GB3VOJ, Think you can come up with something funnier? Prove it with our new party game! http://amzn.to/18PwO2l, Melinda tries to surprise Bryan for his birthday, but gets a surprise of her own., Happy to announce that Adam Scott is taking over our Twitter tomorrow at 10am PST to talk to you! Prepare questions, expect answers. 

Follow @funnyordie for all the fun: http://twitter.com/funnyordie, You could say these GIFs are a "slam dunk" to make the internet hall of fame. Please don't, though. It's a really terrible pun., Watch the FREE premiere of We Are Young: a feature-length comedy about being drunk, nervous, weird and in love., Victoria Secret Angels answer questions from reporters after a cover shoot., We need to send Jon Taffer to Congress so he can Bar Rescue this country., RJ Mitte (Walt Jr. from Breaking Bad) took over our Twitter account to answer your questions after the finale! Here are his best answers., Thanks for joining Arcade Fire, here's everything you need to know., For more background on this story, we look behind us., This cheating cat has an unfair advantage on the ping pong table., Ted Cruz barges into Ghostbusters HQ and shuts down the government., Splitting headache., Jon Lovitz has found an ingenious way to sell cars., The government is shut down, but that doesn't mean your life has to, as well., Adult children of divorce like Adam Scott are raising the bar for being unadjusted., Go behind the scenes with the man responsible for the dynamic score of Keeping Up With The Kardashians., Everybody gets hurt sometimes., This baboon feels up this reporter like it's done it before., In case you missed it, here's Walter White making a phone call to Uncle Buck., The end has come! Here's a recap of Breaking Bad's big finish and some (terrible) guesses about what might be next., Breaking Bad's RJ Mitte has taken over our Twitter acct! Tweet questions for him @funnyordie NOW & read his answers here: http://funnyordie.com/twitter-takeover, You could only dream of being in a GIF compilation when you were their age., Breaking Bad's RJ Mitte is taking over our Twitter at 3pm PST TODAY to talk to you & answer your questions! 

Follow @funnyordie on Twitter for more info & have an A-1 day: http://twitter.com/funnyordie, Jennifer Hudson is searching for a scandal. Too bad the Affordable Care Act fixes all of them., Give a man a link and he'll link for a day, but teach a man to link and he'll link forever., There's a Breaking Bad takeover on FOD today! Goodnight, sweet prince. We'll miss you, bitch. http://FunnyOrDie.com, "Breaking Bad is Going Off The Air" is a song that says what we're all feeling., Justin Bieber's signature on our wall., AMC has a new marketing plan to get you to watch the show that's on after Breaking Bad., "I've still got things left to do," said the Internet. "And, oh yeah, SPOILER ALERT.", "Huell's Rules" is the new Breaking Bad spinoff coming to AMC all about Huell's zany family life in the safehouse., Turning off the TV during a football game is never easy. Neither is telling your friends that you're gay., Ian wins for best facial hair at the office today., The greatest music video of the year was shot in one take. Keep watching, it really picks up around minute 4., Tracking the path from lovable Dillon outcast to psycopathic meth kingpin., Not doing this should be illegal., Nearly 30 years after its debut, The Cosby Show is finally firing on all cylinders., Justin Bieber sits down with Zach Galifianakis for an interview no one will ever forget., You might be a Breaking Bad fan if you recognize this set., Nick Offerman takes us on a journey through a perfectly normal day in his life., He's proud of his baby girl, he really is., We Are Young: a feature-length comedy about being drunk, nervous, weird and in love. Coming Oct. 3 to Funny Or Die!, It's that time of year again! Time to look at pictures of people freaking out in a haunted house., Will Ferrell presents the Emmy for Outstanding Comedy Series alongside some of the family., Robin Williams can't be contained by a photo booth., Burger King unveiled healthier new fries with 30% less fat. Or you can just take 100% of your fat ass somewhere else for lunch., The theme song from "Back To The Future" literally works for everything., A list of simple things you can do to become a bad vegetarian., If you want to complain about the (occasionally) shitty world we live in, you need to vote. Otherwise, please shut up. Register today to start whining tomorrow., Pixar presents Mac Story. It's like Toy Story, but with Mac products., Whether something went wrong in manufacturing or back at the drawing board, the finished product definitely ain't right., Suzi Barrett visits California's beaches in the finale of her "I Hate California" series., Samuel L. Jackson's signature on our wall, just below Redman's words of wisdom., Or maybe she just looks like a young Bruce Willis., After Simba becomes King of of the pride, Simba and Nala need to have a relationship talk., Here's everything you missed at last night's Emmys because who has the time for a 3 hour awards show?, There's only one more episode of Breaking Bad left, but we've still got some (bad) predictions about how it will end., Homeland’s Navid Negahban (Abu Nazir) teaches Middle Eastern actors how to become Hollywood’s next favorite terrorist., Let these links scratch all your comedy itches., Get it, Terio!, Who doesn't love It?, Nick Offerman shares the secret to his success: his ass., Best Buds, Here's what GIFs are happening in your neck of the woods., SPOILER ALERT: See what’s in store for Hank Schrader after the startling events of last week’s Breaking Bad., Jesus Christ reciting lyrics from Yeezus., Big shout out to the NFL for taking the edge off this whole "Thursday" thing we all have to deal with., Honest version of Chipotle's scarecrow commercial., So many fathers do this sort of thing, it's amazing how many of them are still alive., Oh, hi there! Want more cute stuff like this friendly guy? Follow us on Pinterest: http://pinterest.com/funnyordie, This tutorial shows you how to re-create that aging woman time lapse video with a few simple effects., These poor guys have really seen some shit., The biggest keyboard talent agent in the biz (Kim Coates from Sons of Anarchy) talks to the out of control hashtag., Calling in sick tomorrow with a bad case of GTA V., Weird Al hears something strangely familiar. He doesn't like it., Killer backstage Oddball Comedy & Curiosity Festival video shot entirely by the comedians.

Final shows w/ Dave Chappelle are this week! Denver! Mountain View, CA! Vegas! Phoenix! Get tickets now: http://oddballfest.com/dates, Always a blast to have Breaking Bad's Dean Norris in the office!, No surprise here, but this distinguished star of stage and screen absolutely crushes it at living life., While other six-grade girls had crushes on Jonathan Taylor Thomas, Sarah had eyes for one man alone: Jeff Goldblum., Because being single isn’t so bad., Chris O'Donnell makes an exciting announcement! #robin ??, They don't care, but Johnny Law sure does., =D, If Sam Jackson is in a movie, your kid probably shouldn’t watch it., Lookin' sharp., "Last night's episode of the news was so insane I had to watch it three times just to catch everything.", The most hipster hobby you can have in 2013 is going out in the woods & scattering old porn magazines., To become Cookie Monster, first, you must destroy Cookie Monster., Ladders get you to high places, but don't get high on them if you're getting high., Hello Doggy, Holy crap, did you see Breaking Bad last night?!? Here's our recap plus some (bad) predictions on how it's all going to end., Consumer Electronics Review's own Reggie explains the real reasons you should be excited for GTA V: http://bit.ly/19XybMx, The end of summer got you down? Then let these great links help cheer you up., Comedian Pete Holmes answers 50 crucial questions in the FREE new Health and Fitness issue of The Occasional. Get it today and have the answers you need: http://bit.ly/RnIzG6, Way to go, everyone., Oh, helllllllllllll yes., Various actors book their first major role in L.A., Thanks to everyone at Ithaca College who came to our class led by professors Franco & Mintz-Plasse!, Hope you're hungry, because here's a massive portion of this week's most delicious GIFs., There are some spectacular remixes of movie studio intros on FOD today! Here they are in one playlist: http://bit.ly/17vZSM9, Mom gets shocking at her daughter's sleepover!, Dave Franco & Chris Mintz-Plasse on the WGN news this morning in Chicago for the "It's All Possible!" LG road trip., Stay safe out there. The laughs can wait., Watch Miley get the royal spoof treatment in this zany spoof video!, He may be an aging action star, but he’s still a superstar in the world of GIFs., The Oddball Comedy & Curiosity Festival w/ Dave Chappelle & Flight of the Conchords marches on! Denver tomorrow and Irvine, CA on Sunday!

Get tickets here: http://oddballfest.com/dates, Possibly the most glorious supercut of all time., Roseanne is gone but not forgotten. Also, it's not even gone. It's on TV all the time., One suicidal dude has no idea what's around the corner., Saw a kid just spinning around in circles saying the alphabet backwards. He's going to crush DUI checkpoints when he grows up., Suzi Barrett takes a trip to Wine Country in part 3 of a 5 part series that takes place throughout California., We made some improved wrecking balls for Miley Cyrus to ride., It's bad enough being stalked, imagine if your stalker was a delicious Hot Pockets sandwich. One man deals with this nightmare., These previously unreleased storyboards reveal some equally scandalous scenes that didn't make the final cut., Mad Men’s Kiernan Shipka isn’t just a star; she’s a professional psychologist to other child actors, such as Aubrey Anderson-Emmons (Modern Family), Jared Gilman (Moonrise Kingdom) and Pierce Gagnon (Looper)., Dilbert turned into a total dick., Holy shit. It really exists!, This un-aired portion of Charlie Rose's interview with Syrian President Assad reveals the real reason for Assad's use of chemical weapons., Shirley, everyone loves Leslie Nielsen by now., Have you been in therapy your whole life? Are you emotionally distant? Adam Scott wants you to know you might be an A.C.O.D., Introducing the new affordable iPhone! It's cheap. Really REALLY cheap., Some exciting predictions for Apple's big event today!, A Message to Aaron Sorkin: In a world filled with so much bad TV, we NEED The Newsroom. But we need it to be better., These GIFs are really ripe, so check 'em out before they start to turn and you can only use them in a cake or whatever., Dave Franco & Chris Mintz-Plasse with the ring bearer before they officiated a wedding yesterday in Vegas., A rap by AGENT $EB$O about HBO's Boardwalk Empire., This week's Predicting Bad makes some awful shots in the dark. Still not as bad as the ones from last night., The NRA is finally putting guns in the hands of those who need them most., Tom Lennon bewilders your body into superb shape in the FREE new Health and Fitness issue of The Occasional! 

Get it now & feel the burn: http://bit.ly/15OQAqF, Check out this week's links before we're forced to take further action., "A Night of Comedy & Big Game Cats Hosted by Will Ferrell" tonight in San Diego, Inside a Madison Avenue boardroom, a few months before football season., Sometimes you need to give your brain a rest and think with your nuts., Smile! It's Friday!, Sit back and let us steer you through this week's best GIFs., WARNING: Don't try this at home! You might burn your house down., Our new, more annoying e-cigarette will maximize the number of people looking at you., Hipster bunny is already tired of your favorite band., Every great TV show relies on the strength of it's many actors, but what if it they didn't have to?, John Mulaney joins Dave Chappelle, Flight of the Conchords and many more at this weekend’s Oddball Comedy & Curiosity Festival in Camden, NJ, Holmdel, NJ, and Mansfield, MA!

Get tickets now or regret it forever: http://bit.ly/17T7bQL, Forget Madden, the new Ray Lewis NFL video game hits harder!, Book clubs are no longer a safe place to be., All of your dog questions have finally been answered. You can stop being afraid now., Chevy Chase sits down for a relaxing read. It doesn't happen., Going to a Robin Thicke concert must be a lot like listening to the radio for an hour & wondering when they're going to play Blurred Lines., Need a little morning pick me up? Grab a cup of mushroom tea and let the magic take you away., You might want to be sitting down when you read these stand-up jokes. They're just that funny., Dave Franco & Chris Mintz-Plasse embark on a quest to achieve everything they ever wanted to do & prove it's all possible., Don't understand this twerking phenomenon? These GIFs should help you figure it out., Alyssa Milano’s wild new sex tape has been leaked! Watch it exclusively here now: http://bit.ly/17OiucJ, These photos are very ILLUMINATI-NG!, Smile at strangers! It doesn't cost anything & also it's kinda creepy as hell., Time for another edition of Predicting Bad, in which we recap this week's Breaking Bad and (badly) predict the fate Walt, Jesse and the rest of the gang., Murder is the solution to most of life's problems. Richard Harrow (Paul F Tompkins) from Boardwalk Empire is here to help., Tired of people asking you about your long weekend? Here's a dog dressed up like a frog., You can still find love on Christian Mingle if you're gay, you just need to work the system: http://bit.ly/17C7hbs, Things are about to get sexy, simple and safe for work., We hope these satisfy your weekly hunger for links., Happy Labor Day! It's amazing any of us go back to work each year after remembering how fun it is to be unemployed on a Monday., Terry Crews whips you into shape with the new TerryStick from TerryCo!

Download the FREE new Health & Fitness issue of The Occasional guest edited by Terry Crews for more amazing, interactive tips: http://bit.ly/RnIzG6, Surprise parties don't always go as planned., As is tradition, every wedding needs something old, something new, something borrowed and something obviously photoshopped., Get this "Winners Don't Lose Drugs" shirt for just $12 to let people know you love 90's arcade games & narcotics: http://bit.ly/18bOnIk

edit- The $12 coupon code is "TWELVETOWN" and it lasts for 7 more hours. Get it while it's hot!, Why follow the news when you can learn everything you need to know about the world via a series of GIFs?, Take a look behind the scenes of Geena Davis' amazing archery trick shots., Reboot without fear., Jenny Slate & Gabe Liedman are BESTIES.

This is a new episode of Bestie X Bestie but if you want the NEWEST Bestie X Bestie get it for free in The Occasional, available now in the iTunes Store!, Reddit is helping teachers get classroom supplies they need. Get involved if you can, it could change a kid's life., Terry Crews guest edited the Health and Fitness issue of Funny Or Die’s The Occasional. He was very qualified., The Oddball Comedy & Curiosity Festival w/ Dave Chappelle & Flight of the Conchords continues! 

Hartford tonight, Pittsburgh tomorrow then Tinley Park & Detroit! Get tickets here: http://oddballfest.com/dates, Tired of reading recaps for current TV shows? Then you're going to love this., She's been directing cat videos for fifteen years and you may not even know her name. She's Shula Von Hollow and she's the industry's premiere cat video auteur., We're at the Internet Cat Video Festival at the Minnesota State Fair!

DJ Catmau5 is throwing down a crazy set at our silent disco right meow, if you're in the state you have no excuse not to be here., Bryan and Erin discuss their worst back-to-school moments and also talk about the pervy San Diego mayor Bob Filner., Hannibal Buress tries to buy a jokes from Al Madrigal backstage.

See them both this weekend at the Oddball Comedy & Curiosity Festival in Hartford, CT & Pittsburgh! http://OddballFest.com/dates, Here are some jokes to remind you that Dave Chappelle is the best in case you forgot.

Tickets still available to see him this weekend in Hartford, CT & Pittsburgh at Oddball Comedy & Curiosity Festival: http://OddballFest.com/dates, Watch Geena Davis prove there's no crying in archery with these amazing trick shots: http://bit.ly/1dn04SM, Miley Cyrus stole the show at this year's VMA's. Days later, the internet still won't shut up about it., Dexter needs to kill the people writing his show., Modern Family's Eric Stonestreet helps Dodgers pitcher Clayton Kershaw train for his upcoming ping pong charity event. 

For more info please visit: http://dodgers.com/kershaw, Laughspin reviews the first stop of the Oddball Comedy & Curiosity Festival.

Don't miss it! Tickets still available for this weekend's shows in Hartford, CT & Pittsburgh, PA!, Megan Amram writes complete instructions in the FREE new Health and Fitness issue of The Occasional! http://bit.ly/150gbNT, Subtle thespian Tony Hale (Arrested Development) pulls the curtain back on his acting process., Miley's style is effortless and totally natural. Here's how you can get her look., Time to recap the most recent Breaking Bad episode and make some bad predictions., Labeling spilled coffee is easier than cleaning it up., From the creators of Man Vs. Wild comes a new series about a magician trying to survive the wilderness., Suzi Barrett takes a trip to beautiful Lake Tahoe in part 2 of her "I Hate California" series., Flight of the Conchords warming up for yesterday's Oddball Comedy & Curiosity Festival show in Dallas, Tx, Dean Norris (Hank) is sick of everyone asking him how Breaking Bad ends, so he decides to spoil it himself., He's back, bitches!, A man (Aaron Paul) meets an incredibly beautiful new quirky girl (Teresa Palmer) in this FOD classic from August 18, 2011., That's not a giant ping pong paddle. We just shrunk Eric Stonestreet & Dodgers pitcher Clayton Kershaw., Don't be surprised by the greatness of this week's links., Writer/director Edgar Wright (Shaun of the Dead, The World's End, Hot Fuzz) has taken over our twitter! 

Tweet questions for him @funnyordie NOW and read his answers here: http://ow.ly/odK7U, Big decisions can be tough., Here, let us give you a hand rounding up some great GIFs., A Father and Son play a little back yard ball. The kid has gotten really good., Guy Fieri's trademark style is no accident., The Dahk Knight, This week, Bryan and Erin mourn summer loves, the failed ex-gay movement and the weight-loss app Nenshou (for girls)., Excited to announce that writer/director Edgar Wright is taking over our Twitter account tomorrow at 3:30pm PST to talk to you! Get some questions ready, they might just get answered., Our producers are on a quest for the best salad in West Hollywood., Jerry Stahl engages in some shameless book promotion with a few of his friends., Demetri Martin's jokes are the GIFs that keep giving., Neil Patrick Harris channels Buster Keaton in a story of unrequited love., Turn that frown upside down! Follow us on Pinterest for things to make you happy: http://pinterest.com/funnyordie, See how fun balloons can be! Over and over again., Steve Martin and Kermit the Frog face off in a battle of Dueling Banjos: http://bit.ly/18Kte9e, Our statisticians crunched the numbers using algorithms to bring you the top sandwiches this week in the world of sandwiches., Will Ferrell offers a sneak preview of Funny Or Die’s star-studded new videos: http://bit.ly/13RkudS, Remember this show? Well, you should. And here's why., McBain from The Simpsons is actually a full-length film when you put all the clips together., We sent an intern in an A-Rod jersey around NYC to see how people really feel about Alex Rodriguez., "Sup? Just hangin' out.", Suzi Barrett lists all the reasons she hates San Francisco in part 1 of her "I Hate California" video series., We changed all of Cathy's "Aack's" to "F*ck's" and made that comic strip about a million times better., A public service announcement for the gentlemen. (And the lesbians, too.), David Spade came by to paint us this chill picture of dudes on horses., Finally! A "Breaking Bad" recap that (poorly) predicts the fate of America's favorite meth kingpin family., John Legend gives a very intimate tour of what it's like at his house: http://bit.ly/16XK2IB, If you want to be a modern dad, you need the Pump-a-Tron 5000 breast pump for men., Welcome to the new Funny Or Die! It's like the old Funny Or Die, but better in every possible way. Here's everything you need to know., Breaking Bad’s RJ Mitte and Mad Men’s Marten Weiner attempt to create the ultimate babe., We did it! We spent 6+ years and $50 million updating our logo! Oh yeah, our whole website is bigger and better, too: http://FunnyOrDie.com, Enjoy this FOD classic starring Breaking Bad's Aaron Paul in the trailer for a Weird Al movie that really should exist by now., Filming today w/ Mad Men's Kiernan Shipka & Amandla Stenberg from Hunger Games! We don't believe in small roles, but we fully endorse small actors., Suck it up! It's time to click on this week's links., iSteve, the first Steve Jobs biopic and the first FOD movie, is available now on Netflix! 

Stay in tonight and watch Justin Long in all of his turtleneck glory: http://nflx.it/1ag1UDI, Conan plays a "Harrison Ford Angrily Points at Stuff" supercut for his guest Harrison Ford., Terrifying chasms have opened up in the streets of NYC! Betty Kornberg reports., Be careful who you take advice from this weekend., Everything is better if you make it yourself! Especially meth!, All we are saying is GIF peace a chance., The ripped new Health and Fitness issue of The Occasional featuring guest editor Terry Crews is here!

Download our digital humor magazine for FREE now, and get jacked with exclusive content from Pete Holmes, Tom Lennon, Megan Amram, Simon Rich and much, much more: http://bit.ly/RnIzG6, Going to Oddball Comedy & Curiosity Festival to see Dave Chappelle, Flight of the Conchords and all your favorite comedians?

Share this to brag to your friends, and get tickets here before they sell out: http://oddballfest.com/dates/, Look at it this way, only nine more months 'til summer!, Milla Jovovich looking pleased with the free haircut she got in our office today., Here are some even doofier casting choices for serious biopics., A cautionary tale about pencil making., It's all about timing., "I’ll never forget how cute I am!", Erin and Bryan dish about hot yoga, Hollywood parties and play HiBrow/LoBrow with guest Dustin Lance Black!, It seems like just yesterday we were learning lessons from these 90's TV teachers., Diane (Elaine Carroll) meets millionaire philanthropist Ike Poole (Tom Lennon) in a Chipotle to talk about an unpaid internship., Adam is under Ryan Gosling's spell, can Josh snap him out of it?, Picture of a baby panda = instant stress relief., Looking forward to the awkward moment on next week's Breaking Bad when Walt asks Hank to open the garage door., Who can blame them? Trying is hard., Tyler Posey stars in this new trailer for the dark film adaptation of "The Giving Tree" by Shel Silverstein., In a world where heroes are a thing of the past, a common citizen takes stand., Anyone who's been to college will remember these types all too well., These ARE the seats you're looking for.

Lawn tickets still available for select Oddball Comedy & Curiosity Festival dates! Get 'em while they're cold: http://oddballfest.com/dates/, Today's shoot with Alessandra Ambrosio might be the best day ever for Mad Men's Marten Weiner & Breaking Bad's RJ Mitte., Ultimately, he decided to steal a full-size boat instead. You know, something the whole bear family could enjoy., Teen Dipes are the new totally extreme diapers made just for teens!, You're not gonna believe this, we gotta go back to check out this week's best links., We make a living by what we get, but we make a life by what we GIF., Jerry (Thomas Lennon) is just your run of the mill, average guy who happens to be your exorcist roommate., "Cars" and "Planes" were just the beginning! Check out these trailers for Disney's latest vehicle movies., With the final ‘Breaking Bad’ episodes around the corner, here are some unlikely endings for everybody’s favorite show about meth., Dean Norris (Hank from 'Breaking Bad') spoils everything else for you so you can focus on the last 8 episodes., TGIF, you guys!, In this AMC Original, Girl Scout Cookies are the new meth., It's easy to get lost along the way to Sesame Street., Dean Norris stopped by with the script from the final Breaking Bad episode., Okay, band meeting. Time for you to look at these Flight of the Conchords GIFs., The Motherf%&*!r from "Kick-Ass 2" has taken over our Twitter! Tweet questions for him NOW @funnyordie & read his answers here: http://ow.ly/nKUxJ, The world is ready for an openly gay sportscaster! It just probably shouldn't be this guy., This is just a good video of a news reporter accidentally drawing a penis: http://bit.ly/1cdO7Py, The beloved host of 'Tales From the Crypt' is also a tech junkie., Kick-Ass 2’s The Motherf%&*!r is taking over our Twitter account tomorrow (Thursday) at 12 p.m. PST!

Follow @funnyordie and prepare your kick-ass questions: http://twitter.com/funnyordie, Breaking Bad is an unsettling and morally bankrupt television program, but Dr. Phil has some recommendations for the writers., WARNING: Candy Crush is addictive and dangerous., This week, Bryan and Erin talk Russia's cold war against gays and the most hilarious song ever written called "Asian Girlz.", With all the controversy surrounding Anthony Weiner and his alleged sexting partner Sydney Leathers, one company mistakenly thinks all the fuss is about their product., Willpaper, Turmoil in the Snoozeroom, as Kellynn learns Johnny's dark secret., It seems the once noble horse has recently become something of a jackass., Warren Klein was Hollywood’s most powerful agent in the 1980s. In this recently discovered voicemail, Klein convinces his A-list client (Brat Pack-er Andrew McCarthy) to take the role of a lifetime., Real bears get down on the floor., "I am not a-moooo-sed.", Amish correspondent Jebediah Jacobs investigates the X-Games in Los Angeles., You're one flowchart away from figuring it out., Matt Damon stars as Pixar’s lovable robot Wall-E on a mission to find love on the forbidden space habitat Elysium., Hop on and let us take you for a ride through this week's best links., These horses are acting like a bunch of jackasses., Stocking up for the weekend? Don't forget our new party game, where pre-gaming meets gaming!

Get it here: http://amzn.to/18PwO2l, Every group of ladies has its "Carrie.", null, Thanks goodness it's GIFs!, This humorous scene set in an office features light, carefree energy and whimsical flavor., Gravy is meat lotion., This red band trailer for “We’re the Millers" starring Jennifer Aniston and Jason Sudeikis is very touching — and very NSFW., The stakes are high in our new party game. Judge your friends and prove that they're lame and you're the funny one!

Get it here: http://amzn.to/18PwO2l, Major League Baseball is considering banning Alex Rodriguez for life. Here’s how baseball fans can spend their time in a post-A-Rod world., Apparently, every new FIAT 500L comes complimentary with an Italian family in the backseat., An escalator can never break; it can only become hilarious., We made a party game! No one asked for it, so here it is!

Get it here: http://amzn.to/18PwO2l, Anthony Weiner refuses to stop being himself in the race for mayor of New York City., Scientific proof that sharks make your favorite movies better., Apparently, no one watched this Smurfs 2 trailer before approving it for release., Wearing a fanny pack should grant you access to men's AND women's restrooms because sexuality clearly doesn't matter to you., In the wake of a scandal involving “slutbag" interns, these wanted ads for the Weiner campaign were spotted around Manhattan., Throwing Shade returns, as Bryan and Erin discuss all the issues important to ladies and gays, and treat them with much less respect than they deserve!, These animals have seen WAY too much!, In the spirit of The Super Bowl Shuffle, MLS All-Stars Graham Zusi, Jack McInerney, Omar Gonzalez, Kyle Beckerman, Chris Wondolowski, Mike Magee and Brad Davis kick their slick new rap hit!, "I didn’t even do nothin’ wrong.", These pairings of hip-hop artists and their perfect cereal counterparts are part of a completely awesome breakfast!, A superhero protects his secret identity at all costs., Yesterday is history. Tomorrow is a mystery. Today is a gift. That's why it sucks and you want to return it., It’s almost August. Better get moving on your summer bucket list!, Watch our weekly recap of The Newsroom, as Johnny and Kellyn use FaceTime to discuss Willie Pete!, "How are you still single?" is the nicest way to ask "What the hell is really wrong with you?", A man seeks medical aid after twisting his ankle -- and gets much more than expected., Sitting sleeper., This GIF is destined to be the song of the summer., What if your terrible day came with a soundtrack?, Adulthood is mostly about being tired and wishing you hadn't made plans., Read everything Tim Tebow wants his new Patriots pals to know before they become best buds at training camp!, In response to BuzzFeed’s “10 Trips You NEED To Take In Your 20s," watch the 10 trips you ACTUALLY will take., Click these amazing links! You can finally be honest when people ask if you did anything cool this weekend., This cat is like an angry, furry Dracula., P.O.V. News hits the streets to find out what people think about the royal baby, Mexico's obesity rate & Ryan Braun., Have you ever wondered what it would be like if Gary Busey melded with Yoda? Then this clip from Conan is for you., Here's all the GIFs you will ever need this week., Sometimes the future can be found in the unlikeliest of places. Like the inside of your butt., "It ain’t gonna push itself.", You really have to admire her teen spirit., This guy definitely knows how to play that Zelda song on an accordion while riding a unicycle in the woods., And then everyone laughed forever., Witness the vaginal birth of Throwing Shade: The Podcast: The Web Series!

Erin Gibson and Bryan Safi take all the important issues to ladies and gays & treat them with much less respect than they deserve: http://bit.ly/149UtVN, By awkwardly trying to step out of a marriage proposal photo, one man stepped right into our hearts., This pretty piggy loves our Pinterest. You should, too! http://pinterest.com/funnyordie, Glenn Howerton (Always Sunny in Philadelphia) took control of our twitter live from Comic-Con to talk to you! Here are some of his best answers., Anthony Weiner has been sending MORE dick pics to women online using the alias "Carlos Danger". Here are some of Weiner's other online aliases., No good deed goes unpunished. Watch what happens when Tom Brady does his old "buddy" a favor., No plans tonight? How ‘bout a pajama party?!, Royal Baby Watch comes to a dramatic conclusion as Kate Middleton and Prince William finally have that damn baby!, Cozy kitty., Be sure to keep your new dumb tattoo covered or it could quickly spread across the Internet., The Snoozeroom, our weekly recap of The Newsroom, is back for episode 2! Johnny and Kellynn break down this week's latest episode., BuzzFeed thrives on bringing sharable, consumable lists to the masses. But if it were a person, they must just get on your nerves., Aubrey Plaza gets a surprise visit from her Aunt Debra on the set of her new movie "The To Do List". They laugh and love and learn a thing or two about penises., R.I.P.D and M.I.B (Men in Black) may just be the same movies set in different times., Thanks again to our friends at Pure Fix Cycles for giving us these insanely cool bikes while we were in San Diego. FOD colors, Batman & one that actually glows in the dark!

If you want to get your own sweet ride, go here and use code "FODparty!" to get 10% off: http://bit.ly/1bY0uN5, A complete roundup of all the best Comic-Con costumes that didn't need several hours of research for us to understand., Stop horsing around and enjoy these links., Jay-Z has officially dropped the hyphen from his name, making him just "Jay Z". Since the news broke, the following ad has appeared on Craigslist., Campaign ads from candidates in the DJ Mag Top 100 election, including Paul Oakenfold, Boys Noize, Afrojack, Dillon Francis, Gary Richards and Alanis Morissette!, That's all from Comic-Con 2013! Thanks for following us through the chaos. See you next year!, Parenting done right., Hangin' by the bar. Puttin' out the vibe., We're handing our twitter keys to Ron Perlman! Tweet questions for him @ funnyordie now and read his answers here: http://bit.ly/GTDAUn, Ron Perlman is taking over our twitter tomorrow (Sun) at 10am PST to talk to you! Prepare questions, expect answers., We're handing our twitter keys right now to Glenn Howerton!

Tweet questions for him @ funnyordie and read his answers live here: http://bit.ly/GTDAUn, If you have a dog, it should be illegal not to do this., By far the laziest "Shaun of the Dead" cosplay at Comic-Con., Glenn Howerton is taking over our twitter tomorrow at noon live from Comic-Con to talk to you! Get excited., Three friends go to lunch. When they realize they're in the wrong place, it's too late., Early contender for best sign at Comic-Con., Tickets are now on sale for ALL Oddball Comedy & Curiosity Festival dates -- including recently added Hartford, CT and Las Vegas -- featuring Dave Chappelle and Flight of the Conchords!

Get tickets now and laugh forever! http://bit.ly/Tix4Oddball, Watch this VERY NSFW video from Los Angeles skate punks FIDLAR to find out why Nick Offerman is so pissed., Going out in your 20's is a lot different than going out in your 30's., If at first you don't succeed, f*ck it. Take a nap. You earned it., Sometimes you need to put out a book under a pseudonym. Sometimes you just need to play dress up for fun., The Catholic church says you get less time in purgatory if you follow the Pope on Twitter! Here are some other perks., Join Neko Case as she launches Funny Or Die’s new performance series: Dressing Room Sessions!, Between Two Ferns is nominated for an Emmy! Congrats to the whole crew that worked on it. We did it!, Nick's shoes are today's big winner., Thanks for all the comments! Matt Soble is today's winner. Q: "What's going to be the best costume this year at Comic-Con?" 

A: "Edward Snowdenhands", Your favorite rappers tried out some different lines before settling on the famous lyrics you know and love., The honest version of Rolling Stone's tasteless new cover., Answer this question before 5 p.m. PST today. Make us laugh. Win a pack of Funny Or Die sweatbands! Be sure to "Like" comments you think are funny to help us pick the winner!

"What's going to be the best costume this year at Comic-Con?", Watch this NFL training video and you, too, can finally learn how not to murder people., Maybe the cutest thing you'll ever see., Don’t pretend you don’t want hip-hop albums featuring Aziz Ansari’s face photoshopped onto them., Billy On The Street is returning to Fuse for season 3! Congratulations, Billy Eichner! http://bit.ly/15DG5I7, High school AV teacher, Gary Ashpole, makes inspiring documentaries. If only he could find inspiring subjects!, Florida has gotten a lot of negative press lately. Here's a definitive list of the pros & cons of this controversial state., Taylor Swift is on Tinder too!, "The Snoozeroom" is our new weekly recap of The Newsroom! Here's the season premiere., Scott Bakula as a referee. Your Monday is now complete., The new music video from Dale Earnhardt Jr. Jr. is here! Watch it immediately., It seems like it wouldn't be that hard, but these are LITERALLY the only ones who get it., Two friends visit a food truck & wind up meeting Carmen Electra in line: http://bit.ly/16EHz49, Two new Oddball Comedy & Curiosity Festival dates just got announced! Hartford, CT and Las Vegas tickets go on sale Friday!

Buy tickets (including great lawn seats) to all other shows here now! http://bit.ly/1aA7Dmb, Brody Stevens tells you everything you need to know about the Oddball Comedy & Curiosity Festival!, Kristen Schaal and Kurt Braunohler guide you through tomorrow’s technology today!

Download the FREE new Tech issue of The Occasional — Funny Or Die’s digital humor magazine — for the entire futuristic voyage: http://bit.ly/13a0EbV, Here are some links. Feel free to click them., We're all going to hell for laughing at this., Coming this Monday to Funny or Die: The Snoozeroom, the show that recaps HBO's The Newsroom!, 'Hitler Chicken' and 8 More Dictator-Themed Restaurants: http://bit.ly/10RH4ER, Help yourself to a heaping spoonful of this week's tastiest GIFs., Here's another animated reading of Jack Handey's gripping new book. Get it today! You should really read things sometimes., An animated excerpt from Jack Handey's new book, The Stench of Honolulu., Are you a real fan of "The Shawshank Redemption"? Take this quiz and test your knowledge: http://bit.ly/16vNXKO, Can't wait for the GTA V side mission where you get fired from your real life job after not showing up for a month., Finally got that party robot we ordered from Skymall!, Now you can make your own wacky Justin Bieber headlines!, An excerpt from Jack Handey's new book, The Stench of Honolulu., Searching for the perfect Bro? Check out Bro-Harmony., Thanks for all the comments! Ian VanDooree is today's winner. Q: "What's the most convincing way to call in sick for work?"

A: "Have your friends show up in Hazmat suits to clear out your desk and inform your boss you will not be in today.", Mos Def stars in a commercial about Guantanamo hunger strikers' favorite forced meal., As for the post-funeral reception, the Browns are not expected to cover the spread., Answer this question before 5 p.m. PST today. Make us laugh. Win a pack of Funny Or Die sweatbands! Be sure to "Like" comments you think are funny to help us pick the winner!

"What's the most convincing way to call in sick for work?", World premiere music video for Taylor Swift’s new single, Glitter and Ribs! With Billy Eichner as Taylor Swift., Spotted in NYC. Seems legit., Nick Offerman and Bob Odenkirk star in this exclusive clip from Drunk History. Premieres TONIGHT at 10/9c on Comedy Central!, Did you grow up in the 90s? Then this list is ONLY FOR YOU!!!!, Drunk History premieres TONIGHT at 10/9c on Comedy Central! Watch it if you like history, comedy & alcohol., Here's the leaked email chain between the Disney execs who greenlit The Lone Ranger., If there was a machine that could tell you how you die, would you be dumb enough to use it?, Everybody knows Kirk Cameron is Alan Thicke's only REAL son., Dave Hill goes toe-to-toe with a relationship counselor to find out how the royal baby might affect William and Kate's relationship., This is the big winner of the day., Not to be a stickler, but where was the mustache in year one?, Here are 10 facts the mainstream media might have missed about William and Kate's baby., The new office 3D printer is for intended business use only., Happy 4th of July! We made a 60 minute royalty-free salute to America that you can play at your BBQ: http://bit.ly/12JusMq, Please don't use your cell phone to take pictures of fireworks on the 4th of July., 7 Creative Ways To Sport Red, White and Blue This 4th of July: http://bit.ly/12dWvDQ, This hotel dance class gets invaded by the best dancing man in a speedo that any of us have ever seen., There's one jerk at every 4th of July BBQ., Perfect timing., Watch animals be adorably confused — over and over again., Four boys decide what to do for the most American day of the year., Girl runs on the field of the College World Series to take the greatest selfie of all time: http://bit.ly/1b5thyL, Eliza Coupe (Happy Endings) stars in a new episode of Frenemies, where two of the worst people ever go to a nail salon., Dave Hill sits down with the Chairman of the British Monarchist Society to ask the tough questions about the royal baby., Take this fun "Friends" quiz to find out if you’re a Friends Fanatic or Friends Phony: http://bit.ly/12AnkGz, Exclusive scenes from the new 'Lone Ranger' movie starring Johnny Depp are here!, Our awesome shirts are on sale today only! 

Get one now to fly your fashionable freedom for July 4: http://bit.ly/YEaAeb, Apparently, Aaron Hernandez stopped to buy Bubblicious cotton candy bubble gum before allegedly killing Odin Loyd. 

America’s favorite gum company responded with this ad., Nobody is safe from getting catfished these days. Not even David Spade., Y2K was all hype, right? Matt Walsh wishes that were true.

Download the FREE new Tech issue of The Occasional for the entire story of one man’s digital demise: http://bit.ly/LhxizA, This week's links are INSANE!, Two robbers get away with what appears to be the perfect crime. But appearances can be deceiving., Did you know that the sitcom Two And A Half Men also airs in Japan? Well, it does, and this is what it looks like., This is just a good video of three bunnies in cups., TGIF! GIFs are the gift that keep on giving., Ellen Page's script for "Inception" must have had a lot of question marks., Dave Hill has royal baby fever and the prescription is flying to England to become the official correspondent for Royal Baby Watch., George Lucas got married and he's full of ice breakers., Gravity is nice and all, but it is NOT your friend., The whole world will be infected. The whole, fabulous world., Our Pinterest page is only for women? False. Our Pinterest page is only for awesome people who can handle its glory.

Follow us on Pinterest: http://pinterest.com/funnyordie, After years of research, finally a guide to washing your clothes., A group of ladies get drunk on yard chards and discuss bad boys., Thanks for all the comments! Chris Friedhof is today's winner. Q: "How should you ask your neighbor if you can swim in their pool?"

A: "Toss in a Snickers bar then volunteer to get it out for them.", DOMA is dead. Let's celebrate by giving all the backwards-thinking protesters more accurate signs., Here's a round-up of some of the best tweets following the Supreme Court's monumental decision., Jack Black, Neil Patrick Harris, Craig Robinson, John C. Reilly, Rashida Jones and many more celebrate marriage equality through song., Answer this question before 5 p.m. PST today. Make us laugh. Win a pack of Funny Or Die sweatbands! Be sure to "Like" comments you think are funny to help us pick the winner!

"How should you ask your neighbor if you can swim in their pool?", Here's what you didn't see during the live broadcast of Nik Wallenda's death defying Skywire walk., Just before sex, a guy tries to convince a girl why he shouldn't wear a condom: http://bit.ly/17dw4Dq, Will Ferrell's Super Sexy Hot Tan Streaking Strength Sunscreen, Kanye's not the neediest one in the house anymore., These sexy men and women of Westeros are looking for love, and boats. Lots of boats., Welcome to America’s new favorite competitive dance show!, Paula Deen makes a heartfelt apology to the people she offended with her insensitive language: http://bit.ly/18dTfAD, This dog learns the hard way not to play around the pool: http://bit.ly/131zwSm, "Faster! We need to go FASTER!", At the dawn of the Internet, these comedians chose some terrible AOL screen names: http://bit.ly/134fQi9, We knew he didn't do it alone., On his way to winning back-to-back NBA Championships, Miami Heat star Chris Bosh has made a case for his induction into GIF Hall of Fame., Megadeth's Dave Mustaine and Kenny G join forces. You're going to like the way this looks, we guarantee it: http://bit.ly/1a7G30K, To boldly link where no man has linked before., Paula Deen has seen her butter-soaked empire crumble. Her latest book is an olive branch to those she offended., TGIF!, Here are some names that are just as clever as North West., The following summer jobs have been ranked as the absolute worst., The Oddball Comedy & Curiosity Festival with Dave Chappelle and Flight of the Conchords is coming soon!

Get tickets now or regret it forever! http://bit.ly/1aA7Dmb, Here are 10 fun ways to spread the word about the Oddball tour with Flight of the Conchords and Dave Chappelle: http://bit.ly/11DdAYM, David Stern hands LeBron the 'Most Hated On' award. "I'm blessed to have so many salty motherfuckers talking shit," says an emotional James., iSteve on a big screen! And the flea market this weekend! So much exciting stuff happening., Stressed because someone's not responding to a text? Relax! They're probably just busy or driving or they hate you., Miss Utah and Miss South Carolina join forces to give the perfect pageant answer., This is mildly terrifying., Ferrell cat., How do Hollywood's hottest kid actors get to their auditions? Sides & Rides gets them there on-time and in-character!, Get this “Breakdance like nobody’s tipping” shirt to tell the world you’re a free spirit, but you could use a little change: http://bit.ly/11oqj4Q, The official trailer for "Anchorman 2" is finally here! It's kind of a big deal: http://bit.ly/16hdGZi, So you think you can prance?, Damnit, you had one job!, Dave Chapelle & Flight of the Conchords are headlining the Oddball tour! This ain't your grandma's comedy show: http://bit.ly/12KoNeV, LeBron James lives the way he plays...with similar results., It's "Bring a Tiny Dog To Work and Carry it Like a Baby" Day!, Check out this spectacular trilogy of FOD videos about body hair starring Adam DeVine., Miss Utah's band really knows how to create education better. Education of funky grooves., Another round of those voted 'most likely to be awesome.', Analeigh Tipton is proud to endorse a new line of vibrating tampons for women.

It's T-Shirt Tuesday! Someone who Shares this wins a FOD shirt!, The sex you're having is only as good as it sounds., Best buds., Kanye has to express himself artistically, but he also needs to get paid., Possibly the greatest wordsmith of all time., Brent Rambo approves of this post., The NSA just released a sexy new commercial with Sasha Grey: http://bit.ly/126ZJsf, The Oddball Comedy & Curiosity Festival w/ Dave Chappelle & Flight of the Conchords is going to destroy your funny bone this summer!, Look up in the sky! It's a bird! It's a plane! Oh, nevermind. It's just a bunch of funny links., Exclusive footage from Nintendo's 1985 console reveal., A famous daughter's poem for her famous father., It only makes sense that the people who would choose to buy these tshirts, would also make other poor life choices., Perhaps Clark Kent wasn't Superman after all..., Thanks for all the fill-in's! Loyd W. Elmore Jr. is today's winner:

"If the government wants to read my emails that's fine. They're just going to see lots of_shame. LOTS of shame_., It's Fill-In Friday! Fill in the blank. One of our favorite comments wins a FOD shirt!

"If the government wants to read my emails that's fine. They're just going to see lots of ______________________.", Getting a vanity plate is never a good idea. OK, maybe just this one time., Local KFOD News correspondent Les Turner looks at this summer's upcoming blockbuster movies., The only thing missing from these photos is any real sense of self-awareness., Atari's booth at E3 is just a basement from 1977., What to buy for the most mysterious person in your life., The party doesn't stop until you die., Dave wants to watch a movie but Casey has some questions., Thanks for all the comments! Anna Hadley is today's winner. Q: "What's the one thing you wish they announced at E3?" 

A: "The death of my husband's ex wife.", Pigs on a blanket., Trevor Moore (Whitest Kids U' Know) tells us what we can do about the NSA wiretapping our phones., Answer this question before 5 p.m. PST today. Make us laugh. Win a pack of Funny Or Die sweatbands! Be sure to "Like" comments you think are funny to help us pick the winner!

"What's the one thing you wish they announced this week at E3?", Stop living. Start recording., A sneak peak into the upcoming season of "The Amanda Show" on Nickelodeon starring Amanda Bynes!, Good luck getting through the summer without running into these usual suspects., Apple's new iOS 7 has arrived! Here's everything you need to know about it., Support Our Unmanned Drones! 

Get this shirt today & let everyone know you're a real patriot: http://bit.ly/13z0qxd, Maisie Williams took over our Twitter account to answer your questions after the Game of Thrones finale! Here are her best answers. Spoilers ahead., Jonathan the hairstylist recaps the "Game of Thrones" finale as only he can.

It's T-Shirt Tuesday! Someone who Shares this wins a FOD shirt!, Everything but the kitchen link., Every gamer's thoughts while watching Sony's E3 PS4 keynote: "Please don't screw this up like Xbox did. Please don't screw this up like Xbox did...", Think trash can., Funny or Die would like to respond personally to the accusations regarding the NSA and PRISM., Maisie Williams from Game of Thrones has taken over our Twitter account! 

Tweet questions for her @funnyordie and read her answers here: http://funnyordie.com/promos/twitter_takeover, Game of Thrones' Maisie Williams is taking over our Twitter account in one hour (5E/2P). Start tweeting question for her @funnyordie now!

http://twitter.com/funnyordie, Game of Thrones star Maisie Williams is taking over our Twitter account today at 5E/2P for a live Q&A with you!

Follow us and brace yourself. Answers are coming: http://twitter.com/funnyordie, Ken Burns documents America's troubling new war., The Game of Thrones season is ending, but Maisie Williams is taking over our Twitter account tomorrow at 5E/2P to answer all your questions!

Follow us and brace yourself; answers are coming: http://twitter.com/funnyordie, Uh-oh! These celebs were caught wearing the same outfit! 

But Who Wore It Best? Download The Occasional now to find out: http://bit.ly/RnIzG6, You don't have to be a scientist to know that fire and sprinklers don't mix., Create your own Pitchfork.com music review with this handy Mad Libs!, TGIF!, Hey, baseball fans! We're taking over the @MLB, @Dodgers and @Braves Twitter accounts Sunday afternoon! 

Follow them and prepare for ball jokes: http://bit.ly/11xJicz, In honor of Superman's 75th anniversary, here's the complete history of America's most iconic superhero., Office coworkers discuss their big plans for The Purge.

It's Freebie Friday! Someone who Shares this wins a FOD hoodie!, Though the department store denies any connection to the Third Reich, their fans look oddly familiar., People who spy on your cell phone: That psychotic person you broke up with immediately & also the US government., Catosaurus Rex!, In the wake of the NSA scandal, Verizon has made some necessary changes., Jenny Slate and Gabe Liedman are BESTIES! They’re here to discuss who’s horny., Bill Clinton dishes out another lesson on how to live life to the fullest., The shocking video of Toronto Mayor Rob Ford smoking crack has finally leaked. Viewer discretion advised., Thanks for all the comments! Jared Croteau is today's winner. Q: "What's the scariest thing to see when you wake up?"

 A: "A steering wheel in your hands.", He's not a part of your system., Carmen Electra wins the award for most ratchet signature on our wall., Everybody is talking about the Red Wedding episode of Game of Thrones, even the cast Mad Men., This local man is a hero., Answer this question before 5 p.m. PST today. Make us laugh. Win a pack of Funny Or Die sweatbands! Be sure to "Like" comments you think are funny to help us pick the winner!

"What's the scariest thing to see when you wake up?", Patton Oswalt explains every lyric of "The Magic Clap" by The Coup., Your parents take a look inside the Internet., Check out these FOD videos that are not suitable for the workplace. 

You know what else you can't do at work? See This Is The End in theaters. Unless, of course, you work at a movie theater., We've got the best slate guy in the business., Relive the memories from the most talked about wedding of the year!, Here's the exclusive uncut recording of Michael Douglas' shocking interview with The Guardian., The Hitler teapot was just the beginning., Jonathan the hairstylist recaps this week's Red Wedding episode of Game of Thrones.

It's T-Shirt Tuesday! Someone who Shares this wins a FOD shirt!, Just because science CAN do something doesn't mean science should., Michael Douglas recently revealed that oral sex was the cause of his throat cancer. But the cunnilingus-caused disease isn’t the first malady he’s beaten., Very excited to watch the referees play Game 7 tonight!, Looks like someone has a case of the Mondays., Experience the making of a legend., Dear Teacher: You're the best, but let's agree we can both use the summer away from each other., Click these links. You know you want to., Celebrities: They’re just like sloths! This will VERY SLOWLY become your favorite meme., A Hollywood songwriter (Dudley Moore) goes through a mid-life crisis and becomes infatuated with a sexy brunette equestrian enthusiast., Mick Jagger gets in on the prancing action., A "Grumpy Cat" movie is in the works. Here's the script., Thanks for all the fill-in's! Todd T McCarter is today's winner:

"Plans? Oh, I'm just going to take it easy this weekend and BURY THE BODY.", It's Fill-In Friday! Fill in the blank. One of our favorite comments wins a FOD shirt!

"Plans? Oh, I'm just going to take it easy this weekend and _________________.", Glee’s Jane Lynch and Key & Peele’s Jordan Peele star in a music video about the constitutional principle of church-state separation., Download the FREE new Tech issue of The Occasional for reviews of this month's hot new apps, like Operation: Kim Jong-Un Edition! http://bit.ly/RnIzG6, Fielder asked his followers to text their spouse, "I haven't been fully honest with you" and then wait an hour to respond. The trail of broken hearts is long., This commercial for the sale at Dress Gallery takes a very unexpected turn., The cruise line industry has decided to embrace their dangerous image with these new ships., The REAL reason Michelle Bachmann won't be running for re-election next year., Do you have trouble getting out of bed? Especially for a baby shower? This video is for you., If you guys still want pizza, someone else is gonna have to call., Thanks for all the answers! Mark Bay is today's winner. Q: "Where's the last place you'd want to take a vacation?"

A: "Carnival Cruise Lines. If I want to crap in a plastic bag while my room is on fire, I'll stay at home thank you very much.", Follow us on Pinterest! All the cool cats are doing it: http://pinterest.com/funnyordie, What happens in Vegas also happened in City Slickers II., Answer this question before 5 p.m. PST today. Make us laugh. Win a pack of Funny Or Die sweatbands! Be sure to "Like" comments you think are funny to help us pick the winner!

"Where's the last place you'd want to take a vacation?", Nick Carpassiosso has a lot of gripes. You could even say he's the king of gripes., Here's a handy chart to help you navigate the murky waters of Internet comments., Play "F***, Marry, Kill" with your favorite movie robots in the FREE new Tech issue of The Occasional! http://bit.ly/RnIzG6, Six seconds is long enough to show off what an app can do, right?, You're not gonna believe these mugshots!, This is probably what your dog does every day when you're not home., Marooned on a hostile planet, a father and son must learn to survive, Big Willie Style.

It's T-Shirt Tuesday. Someone who Shares this wins a FOD shirt!, Lil Dicky's latest track gets real about what it's like to be a white dude., Take two clicks and call us in the morning., Curious what your favorite innovators looked like when they were young? 

Find out with the morphing tool in the FREE new Tech issue of The Occasional! http://bit.ly/13U3wya, "Don't try to fix it. I just need you to listen." Every man has heard these words. And they are the law of the land. No matter what., So, you've decided to finally sext that special someone. That's a great idea, but it's not as easy as it seems.

Learn all the ins and outs (hehe) of sexting in the FREE new Tech issue of The Occasional! http://bit.ly/RnIzG6, The reviews are here for the Liberace movie with Michael Douglas and Matt Damon! And they're all focused on the right things., Come on! Read this admittedly incomplete list of some great gags you should remind yourself of., From the director of "Before Sunrise" and "Before Sunset" comes another (brief) chance at love., If you like videos where a monkey shares a lollipop with a dog, you're going to love watching this: http://bit.ly/11ejk9C, We've got an exclusive sneak preview of the new Arrested Development! Check it out unless you're chicken., These photos either mean the universe is cosmically aligned or someone is just messing with us., Simon Rex shows you the very best of Vine., You've got bed bugs! Congratulations! Now here's how you deal with them., Kelsey Grammer performs open heart surgery on the worst heart ever., Thanks for all the comments! Timothy Zombieslayer Suppes is today's winner. Q: "What do you want to be when you grow up?"

A: "Lindsay Lohan's lawyer...job security.", The Occasional — Funny Or Die’s digital humor magazine — is now FREE!

Download the new Tech issue featuring Julia Louis-Dreyfus! http://bit.ly/RnIzG6, Ed Asner, Cloris Leachman and Rip Taylor give you a tour of their hip new comedy site., Dogs are man's best friend. And cat's purrfect pillow., Answer this question before 5 p.m. PST today. Make us laugh. Win a pack of Funny Or Die sweatbands! Be sure to "Like" comments you think are funny to help us pick the winner!

"What do you want to be when you grow up?", The new teaser for "Anchorman 2" has arrived and it is glorious., This video finally reveals the truth about who Ken Jeong really is., There's a golden retriever puppy in our office. Today was a good day., Time heals all wounds. Let's laugh at this thing that just happened a few days ago., Xbox One: New graphics. New hardware. Same kids on Xbox Live claiming they banged your mom., The crowd at the Billboard Music Awards wouldn't have booed him if they read this list., Jonathan the hairstylist is here once again to do his weekly recap of the new Game Of Thrones., Meet Doug Farber, one of the Mickey Mouse Club's most talented Mouseketeers. See what he's up to today.

It's T-Shirt Tuesday! Someone who Shares this wins a FOD shirt!, Dance responsibly to Daft Punk's "Get Lucky" or you could wind up crashing your car., Yahoo announced today regarding Tumblr that they, "promise not to screw it up." That's exactly what someone says before they screw something up., Nick Offerman, Alison Brie, Hannibal Buress and more star in what will surely be the greatest Summer movie of all time., In case you missed it, here's everyone who showed up to Stefon's wedding on this week's SNL finale., If you're sleeping on a couch, it's probably because of one of these reasons., Patton Oswalt gets a strange pair of glasses that reveal a terrifying secret about the world around him., Beg to differ x2, Happy Friday!, The only thing alcohol can't cure is alcoholism., The main characters in classic video games had very strange diets., Goodbye, Creed. We will miss you., For anyone who's suffered through a crowd-funding campaign.

It's Freebie Friday! Someone who Shares this wins a FOD hoodie!, All your favorite chain restaurants: they're movies now!, The Special Unit's Unit patrols the streets to make sure guys are keeping their body hair under control. Coming this Fall on the Broxygen Network., Newt Gingrich's camera crew tries to explain to him what a smartphone is., Jonathan the hairstylist is back for another fabulous recap of this week's Game of Thrones., Be amazed and amused by these shocking GIFs — over and over again., Sean Combs (Diddy) proves HE was really the first black cast member on Downton Abbey., The rumors are true! Sean Combs (Diddy) proves HE was really the first black cast member on Downton Abbey., Pete Holmes joined forces with Paul Walker to make the "Fast & Furious" franchise a bit nicer., Fertility starts in the mind., If you're the best man at a wedding, this template has you covered., It's the most original legal police medical drama on television., If you turn your computer upside down, this cat is standing up., Hate spoilers but love new movies? This guide is for you., The perfect plan., Thanks for all the comments! Mark Brooks is today's winner. Q: "If you had a time machine, how would you use it?" 

A: "I would travel into the future until you announced the winner of this very contest. I'd steal their answer and use the time machine to go back to a few seconds after you made this post and enter the winning answer first.", Get this shirt to let people know you're humble enough to remember a time when you were crapping your pants: http://bit.ly/10WjIJI, This new Hello Kitty movie DOES NOT sound like it's for kids., Answer this question before 5 p.m. PST today. Make us laugh. Win a pack of Funny Or Die sweatbands! Be sure to "Like" comments you think are funny to help us pick the winner!

"If you had a time machine, how would you use it?", Tasha van der Sloot interviews Rob Delaney about his new board game.

It's T-Shirt Tuesday! Someone who Shares this wins a FOD shirt!, Jack Black and Eagles of Death Metal visit The Gorburger Show for this epic season finale: http://bit.ly/17Ynokp, 6 Behind the Scenes Photos from "She-Ra" w/ Kylie Minogue & Alfie Allen: http://bit.ly/18GOH46, Meet Dolly, Bob Saget's mother. This is her story., Looks like someone has a case of the Monday's., Googly eyes are the window to the soul., She-Ra starring Kylie Minogue is coming soon to NBC in this live-action reboot the universe has been waiting for!, Power Couple (Renée Felice Smith & Chris Gabriel) expresses their love for mommies with this hot new track., Happy Mother's Day! Call your mom & thank her for putting up with the various types of shit you've been able to produce over the years., It's the news that makes sense to your parents.

Happy Mother's Day!, Critics are really reaching with some of these 'Great Gatsby' puns., Holy crap! Fat Mike from NOFX got a Ron Burgundy tattoo! 

Stay classy, Mike., Safety first., Not the best names to have printed on the back of a jersey., Thanks for all the fill-in's! Rob Dana is today's winner:

"This is your captain speaking. There is no smoking on this flight and please refrain from SLEEPING WITH MY WIFE, WHO IS A CHEATING WHORE, while the seatbelt sign is lit.", It's Fill-In Friday! Fill in the blank. One of our favorite comments wins a FOD shirt!

"This is your captain speaking. There is no smoking on this flight and please refrain from _____________________ while the seatbelt sign is lit.", These top celebs were all caught flashing some MAJOR sidebob!, Bobby Bottleservice (Nick Kroll) has a message for all the mothers out there., Sparks fly when Wade Walker (Craig Robinson) crashes the preppy Peeples annual reunion.
", Come back, Rick! We need you now more than ever., Hang in there! It's almost Friday., Watch the "It's Topical" crew take aim at this week's hottest news!, WARNING: This clip contains a potential spoiler. It's also hilarious., Thanks for all the comments! Sage Wendt is today's winner. Q: "What's the greatest honor anyone can ever hope to receive?"

A: "Happy Birthday sung to them by a Morgan Freeman/ Christopher Walken duet", Hey, Internet. We heard you like pizza, so here's a bunch of pizza gifs. Hope you're happy now., Jonathan the hairstylist is back for another "Gay of Thrones" recap of the latest "Game of Thrones" episode., Answer this question before 5 p.m. PST today. Make us laugh. Win a pack of Funny Or Die sweatbands! Be sure to "Like" comments you think are funny to help us pick the winner!

"What's the greatest honor anyone can ever hope to receive?", Zach Galifianakis sits down with James Franco for a totally normal, run-of-the-mill interview with absolutely no surprises., They're not action figures. They're figures of action., So you graduated. Now what?, Why are they called "fire trucks" when they spray water? Shouldn't they be called "water trucks?" Thanks, Obama., Farrah Abraham just released her "Farrah Superstar: Backdoor Teen Mom" sex tape. Here's the Criterion Collection cover., Michael Shannon left a pretty disturbing message when he signed our wall., This red panda likes to work out and get buff for the ladies.

It's T-Shirt Tuesday! Someone who Shares this wins a FOD shirt!, This video is a roundhouse kick of awesome., Lauryn Hill has been sentenced to three years in prison after failing to pay taxes. Here's what she did with her money., You might not be able to see it, but there's a car in this photo., Garfield's hatred of Mondays has gotten out of control., If you don't have anything nice to say, talk mad shit and be a catty bitch. #yolo, We all love sports. Some of us love them a little too much., Jesse Tyler Ferguson (Modern Family) and George Takei (Star Trek) star in this PSA about the dangerous individuals who oppose marriage equality., Friends don't let friends click bad links., iSteve — the first Steve Jobs biopic — is available now on Hulu Plus!

Watch it today and love it forever: http://bit.ly/13WSZRh, Happy Cinco de Mayo! Celebrate in style with this awesome shirt, on sale today for just $12! http://bit.ly/Zyr2w6, He's outta here!, Look at these titles, ya little jerk!, “Happy Friday!”, Your favorite Iron Man 3 characters are pretty busy...posting on Facebook., Jonathan the gay hair stylist is back to recap the latest Game of Thrones episode.

It's Freebie Friday! Someone who Shares this wins a FOD hoodie!, Comedians are all about making dough., This is just a good video of a cat dressed up like a shark that's chasing a duck while riding a Roomba: http://bit.ly/1066HgF, Don't look at these if you want to sleep anytime soon., David Spade looking fly as usual., iSteve — the first Steve Jobs biopic — is available now on Amazon! Own a piece of DVD history today. 

Watch different: http://amzn.to/15cxD7a, Andrew the pizza guy talks about his experience collaborating with Daft Punk on their new album., Craig Robinson plays the piano and sings a sexy song about how to show your girl you love her., Cover letters are a crucial step towards getting a job. Here are some tips from a murderer., Donna and Leslie get honest with each other., Thanks for all the comments! Andrew Malashock is today's winner. Q: "Where would you go if you wanted to hide from everyone you know?" 

A: "The WNBA Finals", The honorable Judge Bro Brown (Adam Devine) presiding over his courtroom., Follow us on Pinterest! It's the only place in the universe you'll find pictures cuter than this one.

http://pinterest.com/funnyordie, Answer this question before 5 p.m. PST today. Make us laugh. Win a pack of Funny Or Die sweatbands! Be sure to "Like" comments you think are funny to help us pick the winner!

"Where would you go if you wanted to hide from everyone you know?", We in da country club with this one., Sometimes a warning is actually a cry for help., The country legend makes a smokin' pitch for Peter Jackson to lose that Ian McKellen guy., It's nice that we can finally experience Gatsby in 3D the way F. Scott Fitzgerald always intended., Sure, because those are very similar and comparable activities for a kid., Bitchy Resting Face is a disorder that affects millions of women every day.  Together we can face the problem., Every detail of MJ's wedding was meticulously planned by Michael himself, even the invitation., Screenwriter Michael Arndt documents his first day writing Star Wars Episode VII.

It's T-Shirt Tuesday! Someone who Shares this wins a FOD shirt!, Best Buds, Lebron teaches a fan how to throw a proper chest pass., Sometimes, one big party can change your life. But usually not., Commander-in-chief of lolz., The 8th installment in a series examining the heart of America., Newspaper editors make tough decisions. They also make stupid ones., Matt Braunger & Johnny Pemberton offer up some potential slogans for Old Milwaukee Beer., Things you can click on. Links you can count on., Michael Kidd-Gilchrist from the Charlotte Bobcats took our slide for a test drive., This is the best video you'll see today. We pretty much guarantee it., Teamwork, Comedian Nathan Fielder told people to cryptically text their parents about drugs then post the results. Brilliant., That's one way to start the day. 

It's Freebie Friday! Someone who Shares this wins a FOD shirt!, Marc Maron and his team wage an emotional battle., Highly doubt this made it to the evidence room., Hail to the chief of partying., It's kinda sad to know you will never be this happy., Bill Clinton is verified on Twitter and ready to rock. Here's a taste of his first batch of tweets., Olympic gold medalist & E! Online star Ryan Lochte introduces his new fragrance inspired by the water that propelled him to victory., Exclusive police footage of Reese Witherspoon's arrest., Jonathan the gay hair stylist delivers his confusing weekly recap of the latest Game of Thrones episode., Larry Charles, Flea & Jerry Stahl making three very different fashion statements at a shoot today., Thanks for all the comments! Chuck Paradise is today's winner. Q: "How do you make a good first impression in a business meeting?"
 
A: "Show up naked and claim that 'only the cool people' can see your clothes.", We turned this tweet about salad into a cool shirt you can wear on your body! 

Get one today and impress everybody: http://bit.ly/ZNEX11, Statistics show one out of every five crews you see working on a sewer manhole = Ghostbusters., Answer this question before 5 p.m. PST today. Make us laugh. Win a pack of Funny Or Die sweatbands! Be sure to "Like" comments you think are funny to help us pick the winner!

"How do you make a good first impression in a business meeting?", 5 Childhood Drawings by Kim Jong-Un: http://bit.ly/Zj9pUd, You laughed at Charlize Theron Gets Hacked and Jean Dujardin’s Villain Auditions. Now help them win a Webby for Best Individual Performance!

Vote here, all the cool kids are doing it: http://bit.ly/11LWiry, Can you tell which one is actually Tom Brady?, The reviews are in for iSteve! These are definitely real reviews!, "What do you mean it's only Tuesday?", Alison Brie finds out what it takes to be Dave Franco's dream girl.

It's T-Shirt Tuesday! Someone who Shares this wins a FOD shirt!, Click the links! You know you want to., There's nothing sexier than a man who drinks Old Milwaukee Beer -- even if he's a terrible person., Henry Rollins visits The Gorburger Show to honor a fallen friend plus discuss smiling, art, government and forgiveness: http://bit.ly/XS6TTT, CNN now reporting that Reese Witherspoon is actually a 45 y/o Muslim man., What better way to celebrate Earth Day than with a slideshow of its most awe-inspiring creations?, Michael Shannon (Boardwalk Empire) gives a dramatic reading of the craziest sorority letter ever written., Jonathan the gay hair stylist recaps the latest Game of Thrones episode w/ show star Alfie Allen in his chair., You loved The Wire: The Musical and Bar Refaeli’s Sex Tape Kickstarter. Now express your affection by helping one of them win a Webby for Best Individual Short or Episode!

Vote now and vote often: http://bit.ly/13powLx, Cheech and Chong read 4:20 verses from The Bible., WARNING: This video is awesome., Cheech and Chong give their first TED talk., Cheech and Chong count down the movies you should see when you're high., The history of 420, as told by Professors Cheech and Chong., TGIF! Thank goodness it's fish!, We wouldn’t have a social community without you, and we can’t win the Webby for best social content without your vote!

Please vote for us now and we'll give you back rubs any time you want: http://bit.ly/XVH1ZC, When you don't want or haven't earned a full beer, make it an Old Milwaukee Beer 1 oz. can., Thanks for all the fill-in's! Joe Wyatt is today's winner:

"SMOKING METH WITH THE OLD PEOPLE AT THE NURSING HOME, AND TEACHING THEM HOW TO DO KARATE, is the only reasonable way to spend a Friday afternoon.", It's Fill-In Friday! Fill in the blank. One of our favorite comments wins a FOD shirt!

"_____________________ is the only reasonable way to spend a Friday afternoon.", Thank you for protecting us, brave creature., A girl has trouble selling her ticket to weekend two of Coachella., We've got a big pile of Gears of War: Judgment games. 

Tell us why you want a copy in the comments below, 5 ppl will get one! http://bit.ly/14Aamvx, Patton Oswalt meeting his biggest fan., We’ve turned our most popular tweets into fashionably funny (and delicious) shirts like this one!

Get one now and be fabulous forever: http://bit.ly/Zv1oev, Follow these steps to make sure there’s no question your personal day is warranted., If you have an Apple TV, here's how you can enjoy iSteve on it., The Occasional -- our digital humor magazine -- is up for a Webby Award!

Please vote today and make it a winner. Because magazines have feelings, too: http://bit.ly/Yw8ifZ, iSteve mobile billboard spotted on Apple Campus in Cupertino, Ca earlier this morning., Matt Braunger talks about how excited he is to finally go on tour with his son for the Old Milwaukee Comedy Tour., LA band Bleached visits The Gorburger Show to discuss astrological signs, play the Laser Round and perform their song “Next Stop!”

Get involved: http://bit.ly/11wzfmP, iSteve — the first Steve Jobs biopic, starring Justin Long — is live!

Watch it now on Funny Or Die: http://bit.ly/15mlyeD, The Old Milwaukee Comedy Tour starring Matt Braunger and Johnny Pemberton starts flowing next week!

Warm up your laugh muscles: http://on.fb.me/15e8OGD, Erinn Hayes, Arden Myrin & Michaela Watkins visited us today to wear cool dresses and look surprised., Help us win the Webby Award for Best Humor Website! 

Vote for us today and we'll love you forever: http://bit.ly/13i2uKl, After a big party, the hipsters wake up to their worst nightmare...they lost their Coachella tickets., If you don't have anything nice to say, say it and then write a note so you don't feel as bad., The premier of iSteve — the first Steve Jobs biopic — has been delayed until tomorrow on Funny Or Die. 

Please help today by donating to Boston Red Cross: http://rdcrss.org/ZxRZyG, You heard what Bieber had to say about Anne Frank. Now hear his other thoughts., Jonathan the gay hair stylist does a confusing Game of Thrones recap for the first two episodes of the new season., Could you pass those links? Thank you SO much., David Alan Grier returns to Michigan in the premiere of Big10 Celebrity Homecoming. Tune-in tonight at 12e / 9p on The Big 10 Network, Pickles are like the crystal meth of vegetables., Choosey dogs choose not to eat shrimp., A new dating show follows a lucky bachelorette as she picks the phone that will be her one true love., Anthony Weiner is back! But if the disgraced congressman really wants his mayoral campaign to be a winner, he should change his name to Tony Penis., Happy Friday!, Jurassic Park 3D, starring Whit Hertford, in theaters now!

It's Freebie Friday! Someone who Shares this wins a FOD hoodie!, Shazam is great for music. It would be even better for people., Giving the TLC lyrics "hanging out the passenger side of his best friend's ride" a new meaning., Love cheese but don't have an easy way to carry it around everywhere? You need to get The Cheese Pocket!, Four boys go to Coachella bootcamp to prepare for the greatest weekend of their lives., Jorge Garcia as Steve Wozniak in "iSteve" coming April 15th to Funny or Die., Humphrey Ker takes a break from his UK stand up career to raise his Internet profile., We pope you enjoy this., Thanks for all the fill-in's! Ben Brock is today's winner. Q: "Who is your role model and why?"  

A: "Clint Eastwood. He taught me to never take shit from a chair.", Daniel Day-Lewis as Lincoln bears a striking resemblance to Justin Long as Steve Jobs., Celebrities are normal people and do drugs at Coachella just like the rest of us., Answer this question before 5 p.m. PST today. Make us laugh. Win a pack of Funny Or Die sweatbands! Be sure to "Like" comments you think are funny to help us pick the winner!

"Who is your role model and why?", After doing something charitable, Seth Rogen decides it's okay to become the worst person in the world., Richard the cat supervises helpless humans as they struggle to spruce up his home., Jim Davis is missing out on licensing Garfield to a broader medical market., Baby Sinclair was a pleasure to work with. He only hit the director with a frying pan twice., This walrus got its birthday wish: a cake made of fish!, The Friz is still going on adventures these days, they're just...different., It's hard for genies to grant expensive wishes in this economy. 

It's T-Shirt Tuesday! Someone who Shares this wins a FOD shirt!, Check out "Fully Loaded" produced by Adam McKay now on Hulu! If you hate sexy women, smart comedy, and free movies you probably shouldn't watch., A collection of messages fans like you left on the FOD answering machine. 

Call 1-855-MR-FUNNY and leave us a message today!, Flaming Lips singer Wayne Coyne visits The Gorburger Show and takes advantage of his special surprise: http://bit.ly/Y8XpAI, We turned our best tweets into shirts! 

Buy this one today and let your friends know you don't have a drinking problem: http://bit.ly/YboaJb, Click this right meow., In this raw practice footage, we see Rutgers basketball coach Mike Rice save his players from scary spiders., 3D links! It's like you could reach out and click them!, Good luck to all the candidates!, Read this list for everything you need to know about canines., Our last coffee machine was terrible so we destroyed it with baseball bats like Office Space. 

Big shout out to the good people at Krups USA for sending us this new one! It's wonderful and we love them for it., A blind date to Jurassic Park 3D takes an unexpected turn., Thanks for all the fill-in's! Jeff Lockwood is today's winner:

"Do you want to PAY TAXES this weekend? OBAMA told me it was fun.", It's Fill-In Friday! Fill in the blanks. One of our favorite comments wins a FOD shirt!

"Do you want to ____________ this weekend? ___________ told me it was fun.", Crime procedurals have never been this hot!, Great lines from a great man., RIP Roger Ebert. Thanks for watching all the bad movies so we wouldn't have to. You will be missed., There's no crying in baseball, but there's definitely name changing., Gerard Butler pranks an unsuspecting man in his new hidden camera show., Maybe we get North Korea to agree that farts are funny & thus begins the process of realizing we're not so different after all., We're taking you back to 1998 with this one., The Alice in Chains documentary has arrived and it is spectacular. Here comes the rooster., Thanks for all the comments! Vince LiFonti is today's winner. Q: "What would a book about your life be titled?"

A: "Wait For The Movie To Come Out", Memes and stuff and things from season 3 of The Walking Dead., Do you like kids, dogs and other wonderfully cute stuff?

Then follow us on Pinterest! It's the quickest way to our heart: http://pinterest.com/funnyordie, Answer this question before 5 p.m. PST today. Make us laugh. Win a pack of Funny Or Die sweatbands! Be sure to "Like" comments you think are funny to help us pick the winner!

"What would a book about your life be titled?", Huey Lewis invites Weird Al Yankovic to his apartment to ask him if he likes American Psycho., This could've gone better., Carson Daly does Gorburger his greatest honor and guest hosts The Gorburger Show., Things get a little carried away when a couple of guys celebrate a game winning shot., “Do I HAVE to get up meow?”, At long last, some insight into the North Korean dictator's plan., The trailer for iSteve — Funny Or Die’s Steve Jobs movie starring Justin Long — has finally arrived. Coming April 15th to Funny Or Die.

It's T-Shirt Tuesday! Someone who Shares this wins a FOD shirt!, "Darkwing Duck: The Movie" is coming soon if you help fund it!

Let's get dangerous: http://bit.ly/11e4LXv, Quinn Mallory (Jerry O'Connell) wants to slide into a new dimension: the movie theater! 

Help him fund the "Sliders" movie: http://bit.ly/13Mx8Qn, Baby Sinclair from "Dinosaurs" has a new live one man show!

"Where's The Mamma?" needs your money to become a reality: http://bit.ly/13MeIiF, The Family Matters movie can happen, but only with your help! 

Donate today and say, “Did I do that?!” when it hits theaters: http://bit.ly/126PIS8, The cast of Wings needs your help to make a movie! 

With your donations, Wings: Serenity can fly to the big screen: http://bit.ly/14IDdgh, These are links. You click them., Spectacular ad for Conan O'Brien Presents: Team Coco live in Atlanta.

Check out another one: http://bit.ly/175IgqB, North Korea needs to smoke some weed and chill the fuck out., The video Jeremy Piven DOES NOT want you to see., Smile! It's Friday!, Sick of going to Target and buying a bunch of stuff you don't need? Then try Target Goggles!, You cannot be in a relationship with your own sister, Jeremy Piven's niece makes fun of him.

It's Freebie Friday! Post a comment here after you watch the video and one of you will win a FOD hoodie!, In the battle of two pandas, we all win., Justin Bieber is out of control! Here are some ideas to bring him back down to earth., Do you like stuff from the 90's?!?

Then you're going to love this video: http://bit.ly/171aPp6, The 2nd annual FOD office Easter Egg decorating contest., Here are some of the funniest pro-marriage equality signs from this year's Supreme Court hearing., Anna Kendrick takes on Asia as the newest member of K-Pop supergroup, F(x)!, Be safe out there., Thanks for all the comments! Brian Irizarry is today's winner. Q: "What inspires you?" 

A: "Everybody who changed their profile picture to an equal sign to support my rights as a mathematician.", Cheech and Chong visited us today! Nobody can remember what the meeting was about., Smarty cat., Answer this question before 5 p.m. PST today. Make us laugh. Win a pack of Funny Or Die sweatbands! Be sure to "Like" comments you think are funny to help us pick the winner!

"What inspires you?", Game of Thrones has a new spin-off! It ain't easy being a single mother of dragons & this reality show proves it., Here's what happens when an Internet troll meets a genie., Brandon and Lisa are recently married and work as sex surrogates: psychologists who have sex with clients for therapeutic purposes., A drunk girl and a high guy review their respective experiences with the Endeavor Space Shuttle., Two simple steps to improve life on Earth: 1) Marriage equality for all. 2) New Starfox game., George Michael?, A night is forever changed after four boys see Spring Breakers.

It's T-Shirt Tuesday! Someone who Shares this wins a FOD shirt!, Modern existential crisis: If nobody tries to contact you for 10 minutes, do you still exist?, MellowHype visits The Gorburger Show to count joints, do some cooking and perform live.

Catch the action: http://bit.ly/YAWlZg, The perfect fashion statement for the person who still has moderate amounts of fear., Can't bear how cute this is., Another round of those voted 'most likely to be awesome.', Jim Carrey debuts his new song "Cold Dead Hand" on Hee Haw. It's sure to be number 1 with a bullet., Oh you best be clicking these links., Jail Guitar Doors is a great organization that works to give musical instruments and education to prisoners. They're doing a comedy night on March 29th with Matt Braunger, Horatio Sanz, Rob Delaney and more!

Get tickets here: http://bit.ly/YlPmWX, A show so good it will make you give up everything., Sign posted on a door at the FOD office. Sex changes everything., Man's best friend. Internet's best photobomber., Jenny Slate & Gabe Liedman are back in a new episode of Bestie x Bestie!

Grab your bestie and watch it now: http://bit.ly/YhDTHY, Thanks for all the fill-in's! Adam Duncan is today's winner:

"I think you've had too much to drink. There's just no way a HOBBIT THEMED ORGY is a good idea.", We've turned your favorite FOD tweets and videos into shirts! Buy one today and get 40% off: http://bit.ly/YEaAeb, It's Fill-In Friday! Fill in the blanks. One of our favorite comments wins a FOD shirt!

"I think you've had too much to drink. There's just no way _______________________ is a good idea.", Aziz Ansari and Joe Mande sit down for the 8th anniversary of "Hitch" to talk about one of the greatest movies ever., Mad Men crew complained about Jon Hamm's tight pants. Here's the exchange Hamm had with HR., Don't act like it doesn't bother you when Michael Keaton's eye makeup disappears., Dave Franco and Alison Brie staying warm by the fire on a 76 degree day in Van Nuys., Strange phenomena sweep the nation as people go to any length to pick the perfect basketball tournament bracket., You know your acting career isn't going well when you've got more mugshot photos than IMDB credits., Last chance to bid on this great charity auction to come to our LA office and hang out with the FOD team: http://bit.ly/Z2hV88, Stan and Jim solve an Ash Wednesday emergency by questionable means., Thanks for all the comments! Sean Urban is today's winner. Q: "How did you know today was the first day of Spring?"

A: "I saw the first butterfly that wasn't tattooed above a strippers ass.", Kevin brings in a special guest to Picking Winners to guarantee he wins his bracket., Prince recaps the sexiest SXSW performance of all time: his., Answer this question before 5 p.m. PST today. Make us laugh. Win a pack of Funny Or Die sweatbands! Be sure to "Like" comments you think are funny to help us pick the winner!

"How did you know today was the first day of Spring?", We created a hotline for you to call us and leave a message! 

Watch this video to hear the rules then dial 1-855-MR-FUNNY and let us know what's on your mind., There should be an "It Gets Better" campaign for people stuck on the second season of The Walking Dead., This meme gets 2 thumbs way up., Mad Men is known to jump ahead in time from season to season, so we’ve assembled this handy timeline of possible future storylines., "What do you mean it's only Tuesday?", Some of us have natural abilities. Those who can conquer any task. These are not those people., Ryan Gosling invites you to come on down and check out his acting range.

It's T-Shirt Tuesday! Someone who Shares this wins a FOD shirt!, null, Maria Thayer auditions for an exciting new show., Joey Fatone got Justin Timberlake's new album a day early. Here's his review., Grouplove visits The Gorburger Show to chat with everyone's favorite alien monster talk show host.

Watch the insanity here: http://bit.ly/135Nnb0, Buttons are all around us and meant to be pushed in order for a thing to occur. Once., We made a movie! "iSteve" stars Justin Long and will be the world's FIRST Steve Jobs biopic on April 15th.

Read all about it: http://nyti.ms/YMBAJo, Calling in sick the day after St. Patrick's Day is about as believable as saying, "A wizard turned me into a dog. I'll be fine tomorrow.", Click these links if you know what's good for you., Your favorite funny people donned some seriously sexy styles for The Occasional’s spring fashion preview.

Check out the whole set! http://bit.ly/YzJGoK, Overheard someone say, "Oreos are the grilled cheese of desserts." Mind = blown., These 12 Honest St. Patrick's Day Buttons more accurately reflect the nature of everyone's favorite drinking holiday.

Check out the whole set: http://bit.ly/141hTCk, Lassie, the most trusted dog in the world, reports unthinkable acts committed by the heroes of a local sports team., Thanks for all the fill-in's! Kayla Paillard is today's winner:

"Don't MARRY it until you've tried it.", It's Fill-In Friday! Fill in the blanks. One of our favorite comments wins a FOD shirt!

"Don't __________ it until you've tried it.", Gorburger warming up the crowd at The Warner Sound SXSW showcase., Invisibility ain't all it's cracked up to be. Especially if you're not really invisible., The news anchor has a really tough holding it together over news of this fat cat that is swimming., House sitting for a friend? Might as well redecorate with some pictures of Samuel L. Jackson. 

See the full set here: http://bit.ly/ZQC7uR, Look out for these telltale signs that your woman might be mad at you., Some people are content to go through life always acting like they just smelled a fart., Want to visit Funny Or Die and spend a day behind the scenes with us?

Bid on this charity auction to win: http://bit.ly/Z2hV88, Thanks for all the comments! Jason Watson is today's winner. Q: "What's the best way to spend a million dollars?"

A: "Get Michael J. Fox elected president. He could really shake things up in there."

(editor's note: We're going to hell for picking this.), Evita Pope, A band that topped the charts for 11 days 24 years ago, see what the members of Meat Riot are up to now., You've heard about the new pope. Here's a handy guide to each color of smoke billowing from the Sistine Chapel., Answer this question before 5 p.m. PST today. Make us laugh. Win a pack of Funny Or Die sweatbands! Be sure to "Like" comments you think are funny to help us pick the winner!

"What's the best way to spend a million dollars?", The third episode of Guy Talk is here and all of the guys are back to talk about guy stuff., We made an Old Milwaukee throne for our living room. #sxsw, This cat forgets about his tongue for a second. 

See for yourself: http://bit.ly/Wl7sVF, What civil war reenactment is not complete without LARPers? Find out with Kumail Nanjiani in the video for Gears of War: Judgment. (ESRB Rating: MATURE), The GOP is considering re-naming their party. Here are the ideas that didn't make the cut., Richard Marx puts a twist on some of his biggest hits with his new album.

It's T-Shirt Tuesday! Someone who Shares this wins a FOD shirt!, This is either a guy who makes interesting choices or Adidas has the best SXSW street team ever., It's exactly what it sounds like. We spared you the thumbnail. You're welcome., Flea from the Red Hot Chili Peppers stops by Gorburger to talk sock photos, matters of the heart and more. 

Check it out: http://bit.ly/Zgt7x5, Finally the debate can be put to rest., Just click these links already., Toby sits down with an old friend to reconnect and finds out what exactly constitutes a date., Time for a serious post: The Stuart House in LA helps victims of childhood sexual abuse. Help them by texting HEALING to 80888 to donate., Get high on love with the No. 1 dating site for meth addicts in the new issue of The Occasional! http://bit.ly/WB1BOd, When he's not performing magic at Bally's in Las Vegas, Anton Marvelton likes to make the world a better place., Here's one of our favorite Billy Eichner lightning rounds.

Watch the season finale of Billy on the Street TONIGHT at 10/9c on Fuse!, Bill Cosby Bukowski talks up his new smartphone to investors., Thanks for all the fill-in's! Mike Stith is today's winner:

"They never pick a funny winner for these contests. I bet you could win just by saying, 'THEY NEVER PICK A FUNNY WINNER FOR THESE CONTESTS.'", It's Fill-In Friday! Fill in the blanks. One of our favorite comments wins a FOD shirt!

"They never pick a funny winner for these contests. I bet you could win just by saying, '_____________________________.'", What every issue of 'Cosmo' looks like.

Here's the rest of the cover: http://bit.ly/XWR0YR, Kumail Nanjiani has an action packed new series of videos all about Gears of War: Judgment. 

Here's a preview: http://bit.ly/W8U2Mm, 13 More Terrifying Celebrity Face Swaps: http://bit.ly/10dh3xw, "I'm not fat, I'm big boned.", Maybe "Terminator" is actually the story of the most elaborate lie a guy in LA every told to get a woman to sleep with him., Writer Deon Cole lands in the "time out" corner after breaking Conan's strict rule against viral video fads., Aww HAILLLLLLL no!, Thanks for all the comments! Zach Younts is today's winner. Q: "Where would you want to visit if it was your last day on Earth?"

A: "I'd pay a visit to your mother, Trebek.", It's so much easier to buy a cupcake than a book in 2013., Follow us on Pinterest so we can be best friends forever: http://pinterest.com/funnyordie, Answer this question before 5 p.m. PST today. Make us laugh. Win a pack of Funny Or Die sweatbands! Be sure to "Like" comments you think are funny to help us pick the winner!

"Where would you want to visit if it was your last day on Earth?", There's nothing better than a mini pony, except for a mini pony that dances the moonwalk., “Wake me up when we get there.”, Billy Eichner asks Hank Azaria to identify whether a fact is about Charlize Theron, model/actor Tyrese, or Denise Richards., We gave our terrible coffee machine an Office Space funeral., In 2002, The Postal Service had auditions to fill out the rest of the band. Here are the never before seen tapes., 8 Google Glass Pick-Up Lines Guaranteed Not to Fail: http://bit.ly/102cxBT, Miranda Huntington (Brooke Shields) needs a new lease on life and she's going to follow her dreams until she finds it.

It's T-Shirt Tuesday! Someone who Shares this wins a FOD shirt!, In the post-apocalyptic world of the near future, Zone is humanity's only hope in the fight against cyborgs., British cowboy Reggie Braithwaite voices his concerns over the European horse meat scandal., The Gorburger Show is back! 

Check out the trailer for season 2: http://bit.ly/VwHjnw, We're shooting today with Jim Carrey! Actually, he's doing most of the shooting., Zach Galifianakis meets his biggest fan: 6-foot-11 Minnesota Timberwolves center Nikola Pekovic., Each of one of these flyers is a jerk. But in the best possible way., Dante Basco, the actor who played Rufio in Hook, has a tough time at a new audition., Anthony Jeselnik answers five burning questions in the new issue of The Occasional! http://bit.ly/Xkr8cT, Watch Billy Eichner in a brand new episode of Billy on the Street tonight at 10/9c on Fuse!

Then stay up past your bedtime and see Billy on Late Night with Jimmy Fallon at 12:35/11:35c on NBC!, Spice up your Canadian tuxedo!, Billy Eichner sees if his new friend Jordan can tell if a name belongs to a space craft or a reality TV star., Smile! It's Friday!, Drunk History is in Washington, DC! Come by Smith Commons on H St. TONIGHT at 8pm to hang out, have drinks & maybe learn something!, Thanks for all the fill-in's! John Upton is today's winner:

"If you're happy and you know it, SHARE your WEED.", It's Fill-In Friday! Fill in the blanks. One of our favorite comments wins a FOD shirt!

"If you're happy and you know it, ____________ your _____________.", What exactly is the sequester?

Watch this to find out: http://bit.ly/Xdr9iX, "How am I supposed to swim in that?", Fantasy football is serious business. If you want to win, you're going to need a coach on your side., The pope resigned today, but not before completing these important tasks., People might not remember the things you say, or what you do, but they will never forget that weird haircut you got one time., This guy's first ski jump didn't go the way he expected.

See his big finish: http://bit.ly/ZCeWTt, Thanks for all the comments! Chris Crockett is today's winner. Q: "If you could give yourself from 5 years ago advice, what would it be?"

A: "Become a fat Korean, write a dumb song, and dance like an idiot to it. That's where the money is.", Polite puppy., Be very afraid of these gruesome nightmare scenarios that will probably happen to you., Answer this question before 5 p.m. PST today. Make us laugh. Win a pack of Funny Or Die sweatbands! Be sure to "Like" comments you think are funny to help us pick the winner!

"If you could give yourself from 5 years ago advice, what would it be?", Finally! A vapor alternative to brownies., Relive all of your favorite moments from Sunday night., Today was a good day., Ride your steed over to Ikea and get these Swedish delicacies., Jennifer Lawrence should do a TED talk on keeping it real., Billy Eichner and Pink play Billy's new favorite game: "Pink, Meryl Streep, or Who Cares?"

It's T-Shirt Tuesday! Someone who Shares this wins a FOD shirt!, Drive would've been a very different movie if Owen Wilson was the star., If you're buying meatballs at Ikea, eating horse meat probably isn't high on your list of concerns., If you only read one Oscars recap, make it this one., Watch what happens when this woman turns around and sees a giant panda on the sidewalk: http://bit.ly/YTutfx, Bunny buddy., Start your week off right with this moving cover of a beautiful song., Download The Occasional for more sneak peeks of celebs donning this spring's hottest styles! http://bit.ly/ZCcnVn, This award doesn't exist yet, but it really should., New exclusive extended scene from Zero Dark Thirty., In the battle of Cat vs. CD Tray, only one can win: http://bit.ly/VBZpDm, Pink hangs out with Billy Eichner on tonight's new episode of Billy on the Street at 10/9c on Fuse!, Sony just announced the Playstation 4! Here's why you probably shouldn't buy it., Thanks for all the fill-in's! Elizabeth Falk is today's winner:

"Don't PISS on my leg and tell me YOU'RE R. KELLY.", It's Fill-In Friday! Fill in the blank. One of our favorite comments wins a FOD shirt!

"Don't ___________ on my leg and tell me it's ____________.", Throwback Thursday: Conan Edition, In case you missed it, Leonard gave the greatest final 'Jeopardy!' answer of all time.

See for yourself: http://bit.ly/UO5NrU, Danny McBride graces the cover of the stylish new issue of our interactive magazine! PLUS: Nick Kroll, Aziz Ansari, Maria Bamford, Rachel Dratch, Hannibal Buress, Joe Mande, Anthony Jeselnik, Jenny Slate, Julie Klausner and many more!

Download The Occasional now for iPad & iPhone: http://bit.ly/RnIzG6, Jumping over a chain isn't always as easy as it looks. This guy learns that the hard way., The xx is great music to listen to if you enjoy taking ambien & staring at one lit candle in a dark room., Step 1: Purchase horse mask. Step 2: Photograph yourself in it and post it online!, Zack Pearlman and his roommate Zed are both late for work and they both have to shower. What will they do?!?!, Thanks for all the comments! Johnny Phillips is today's winner. Q: "If you could be friends with one fictional character, who would it be and why?"

A: "Yoda. Status updates, Better they would become. Advice, Yoda would give.", The last Harlem Shake video you'll ever have to watch., Your two favorite things: Skrillex and alternative circus. Together at last., Answer this question before 5 p.m. PST today. Make us laugh. Win a pack of Funny Or Die sweatbands! Be sure to "Like" comments you think are funny to help us pick the winner!

"If you could be friends with one fictional character, who would it be and why?", Can you believe it? Who the hell is watching these TV shows?, Two caricature artists compete to draw a murder suspect., Seth Olenick has taken some pretty spectacular pictures of comedians. Behold their greatness!, Our page was hacked by someone posting unfunny status updates & videos. It happened 4 years ago. We apologize for everything since then., Fun song to sing while you eat lunch: "I love sand-wiches, that's my lunchin' problem. And yeah I like to lunch, I got a lunchin' problem.", He's only 2 feet tall and about 5 pounds, but Yoda's dream is to play Notre Dame football., Get it together, Hollywood., David Spade is a qualified celebrity spokesperson & he's here to tell you what you might recognize him from., A very special Black History Month and Presidents Day tribute to our presidents., Two rogue police officers serve and interject, one story at a time., You click, you laugh, you cry. You get this whole "links" thing, right?, Jeff Gordon does the Harlem Shake with his crew., Please don't be one of these people., Billy Eichner and "Smash" star Debra Messing hit the streets of New York to play Billy's new favorite game., Cedric Yarbrough from Reno 911! wins best outfit of the week., Thanks for the fill-in's! Steven Becker is today's winner!

"You can never have too much WORKING PLUMBING ON A CARNIVAL CRUISE SHIP.", It's Fill-In Friday! Fill in the blank. One of our favorite comments wins a FOD shirt!

"You can never have too much _____________.", "Be mine?", A guy races against the clock to find a date for his ex-girlfriend's big party., Valentine's Day Fun Fact: Everybody dies alone, but at least there's usually something good on TV until then., "You had me when you texted that 'hello' emoji.", John Goodman tells a tragic tale of a first love gone horribly wrong. Happy Valentine's Day!, Last night, Will Ferrell went to the Lakers game dressed as an oddly familiar security guard. Here's the glorious video., We shall from time to time give to America animated images of Congress, or whatever., Thanks for all the comments! David Wessman is today's winner. Q: "What's the worst Valentine's Day card to give someone?"

A: "Flowers are temporary, but herpes is forever.", We turned our best tweets into shirts! Get one today if you like wearing clothes and looking cool: http://bustedtees.com/funnyordie, Padma Lakshmi heats up Valentine's Day with her sexy new clothing line: http://bit.ly/X8OgHz, Answer this question before 5 p.m. PST today. Make us laugh. Win a pack of Funny Or Die sweatbands! Be sure to "Like" comments you think are funny to help us pick the winner!

"What's the worst Valentine's Day card to give someone?", Finally, a realistic Valentine’s Day jewelry commercial., A quick hello to the camera and a quick hello to the ground., The perfect gift for that special someone in your life., Roy Wood Jr explores the perseverance of barbershop bootleggers., Just lion around., And now his inbox is blowin' up., Zach Galifianakis talks to Bradley Cooper, Jessica Chastain, Sally Field and a special guest from Lincoln in part two of the Between Two Ferns Oscars special., Here's a picture of a cat dressed up as Walter White. Your day just got better., Holy moly, what a deal!, Billy Eichner and Rashida Jones play "Whistle-Blow That Jew!" in this clip from the latest Billy on the Street: http://bit.ly/U7thrH, “Hey, this isn’t so COOOOOOOOOOOOOOLD!”, Show your Dad you're the bigger person! Literally., Zach Galifianakis interviews Jennifer Lawrence, Anne Hathaway, Christoph Waltz & more in this special Oscars edition of Between Two Ferns., What, you need more information? You understand the concept of links., The Grammys are tonight! Here's why you shouldn't care!, Bullseye!, How much does a gay man know about a vagina? Billy Eichner finds out.

New Billy on the Street TONIGHT at 10/9c on Fuse!, Thanks for all the Fill-In's! Joachim Dahlberg is today's winner: 

"I can't make it to your birthday party. I have to stay at home and WAIT FOR THE HANDCUFF KEY TO PASS THROUGH MY SYSTEM.", It's Fill-In Friday! Fill in the blank. One of our favorite comments wins a FOD shirt!

"I can't make it to your birthday party. I have to stay at home and _____________________.", Rob Thomas and Matchbox 20 star in TV’s hottest drama based on music’s greatest song: Smooth., One cat. One potato. We all win., “Now … I wait.”, Helpful graph explains how no more mail on Saturday affects you., Entertainment Hollywood, the hottest new celeb gossip show, dishes out the latest., Oh that's really sweet you wanted context. Not gonna happen., Effective way to get someone to stop talking to you: Close your eyes. Hum the Charles In Charge theme song. Walk backwards slowly., Thanks for all the comments! Amanda Criss is today's winner. Q: "What are you getting that special someone in your life for Valentine's Day?"

A: "A cologne to give my husband that 'new boyfriend smell.'", Follow us on Pinterest! You'll be as captivated as this guy: http://pinterest.com/funnyordie, We've turned our most popular tweets into shirts you can order! Get one today and make your friends jealous: http://bit.ly/YEaAeb, Answer this question before 5 p.m. PST today. Make us laugh. Win a pack of Funny Or Die sweatbands! Be sure to "Like" comments you think are funny to help us pick the winner!

"What are you getting that special someone in your life for Valentine's Day?", Dave Franco & LA Clippers center DeAndre Jordan play a friendly game of H-O-R-S-E that quickly spirals out of control., We'd hire him., Clever office prank or just lazy interns?, Happy National Pancake Day! America: We've got delicious fake holidays on lock., Bane steps forward as the evil mastermind behind the Super Bowl blackout., This new web series follows four Bros as they face the endless challenges of life in New York City.

It's T-Shirt Tuesday! Someone who Shares this wins a FOD shirt!, Click this right away because: PUPPIES!!!, It wasn't all just Destiny's Child reunions., Actors on set resort to desperate measures when the soda machine breaks., The new gold standard for how to handle someone videobombing you while you're trying to report the news., The cast of Pete & Pete reunited for their 20th anniversary! Here's the glorious video., Will Ferrell made a sexy Super Bowl ad for Old Milwaukee that only aired in a few small towns., Everything you need to know about nothing in one click!, Want to carry Billy Eichner around in your pocket? These free Billy on the Street ringtones are the next best thing., Don't look like a dummy on game day! Here's everything you need to know., Billy Eichner and Zach Quinto play the new game "It's Spock! Do You Care?"  

New ep of Billy on the Street TONIGHT at 10/9c on Fuse!, Three friends hold up the checkout line when they start asking questions about their supplies for the ultimate party., Thanks for all the fill-in's! Don Corbett is today's winner:

"Come to my Super Bowl party! We're going to PRANK CALL MANT TE'O at halftime.", It's Fill-In Friday! Fill in the blank. One of our favorite comments wins a FOD shirt!

"Come to my Super Bowl party! We're going to ______________ at halftime!", There can be only one champion!, Tune in to Conan tonight at 11/10c for a very special episode made entirely by fans. Here's a taste., Hands down, the only show you need to watch this year., Frozen yogurt is wonderful, but is it enough to commit a armed robbery?, Goodnight, sweet prince. See you in syndication heaven., A few years back, Josh Fadem and John Ennis were on a cop show that got cancelled pretty quickly. Here's a clip., Thanks for all the comments! Luke Allen is today's winner. Q: "What three words best describe your Super Bowl plans?"

A: "Naked nacho fight.", Hey, San Francisco! Billy Eichner is doing a show on Saturday with Julie Klausner, Jon Daly, Gabe Liedman & some other great comedians. Get tickets now!, Fear leads to anger. Anger leads to hate. Hate leads to Grammys., Answer this question before 5 p.m. PST today. Make us laugh. Win a pack of Funny Or Die sweatbands! Be sure to "Like" comments you think are funny to help us pick the winner!

"What three words best describe your Super Bowl plans?", Two cops interrogate a drug dealer in the nicest way possible., Best. Boyfriends. Ever., The REAL reason Chris Brown and Frank Ocean got into a fight? Parking signs in LA are really confusing., Tatyana Ali serenaded us today with a beautiful rendition of "Make Up Your Mind", Meanwhile in Poland, viper snakes are running down streets attacking people while they work., Best daughter in the world right here., Macklemore and Ryan Lewis sit down with a hotshot record exec (Paul Scheer) to talk about getting signed.

It's T-Shirt Tuesday! Someone who Shares this wins a FOD shirt!, Sadly, due to their bankruptcy, we'll never get a chance to play these 8-bit wonders., Homeland viewers around the world are asking the obvious questions: “What do I need to know about Mandy Patinkin? How will Mandy Patinkin affect me and my family?", Who could've possibly guessed this would be a bad idea?, Today's the last day to get a "SB XLVII: Full House vs. The Wire" shirt shipped before the Super Bowl! 

Get them while they're hot: http://bit.ly/YcK8rU, Two girls try to show their friend what a typical fun day in Los Angeles is like. That's when things go horribly wrong., Because where else would any of this happen., Play an interactive game of Quizzed In The Face with Billy Eichner! 

It's just like being a Billy on the Street contestant, but you can do it at home and clothing is optional., Click these links if you want to live., We printed a limited run of "SB XLVII: Full House vs. The Wire" shirts for next week's big game!

Pick one up today and catch the action: http://bit.ly/WobFr5, A short time ago, on two iPhones not so far away..., Really excited to see Some 90's Band making an appearance., Watch Billy Eichner play a lightning round in this clip from tonight's new Billy on the Street. Check it out @ 10/9c on Fuse!, Thanks for all the fill-in's! Duane Piedmont is today's winner:

"Really disappointed that DEODORANT isn't on the Coachella lineup.", It's Fill-In Friday! Fill in the blank. One of our favorite comments wins a FOD shirt!

"Really disappointed that ___________ isn't on the Coachella lineup.", JJ Abrams confirmed to headline Coachella!, Two cats play an epic game of ping pong., See the world through Obama's eyes., Michelle Obama's new bangs have had such an impact, everyone's getting them!, Meet the man (Horatio Sanz) who is the new Tour de France champion since Lance Armstrong was stripped of his medals., Everybody lip-syncs to Beyonce, but only Beyonce is good enough to do it for the president., We got the audio from Beyonce's mic at the inauguration. Here's what she really sounded like., Thanks for all the comments! Matt Vance is today's winner. Q: "Who is a superhero the world needs right now?"

A: "The Baconator because when when times are tough, at least you'll have bacon", Realistic TV show titles., Remember: The third rule of Fight Club is have fun and try your best. 

Get this awesome new shirt inspired by one of our most popular tweets! http://bit.ly/UlvNcM, Answer this question before 5 p.m. PST today. Make us laugh. Win a pack of Funny Or Die sweatbands! Be sure to "Like" comments you think are funny to help us pick the winner!

"Who is a superhero the world needs right now?", Jillian Rose Reed (MTV's "Awkward") embarks on a mystical journey. This video might blow your mind., Can't wait for Daniel Day-Lewis to play Obama., This cat finds out the hard way that you can't jump through a mirror., Four more years of photobombs!, Make the world a better place by constantly humming the Beverly Hills Cop theme., Must read material for all men., Marcy (Juliette Lewis) just doesn't know when to stop wishing people a happy new year.

It's T-Shirt Tuesday! Someone who Shares this wins a FOD shirt!, Rachel Dratch runs the world's first Julia Robstacle Course in this clip from Billy on the Street.

Watch new episodes of Billy on the Street with Billy Eichner every Friday at 10/9c on Fuse!, This is the story of boy meets nobody., Just click these links already and let's get this over with., Comedian Tig Notaro answers five burning questions in the current issue of Funny Or Die's The Occasional.

Download The Occasional to read Tig's amazing answers in their entirety: http://bit.ly/RnIzG6, In a dramatic turn of events, Kim & Kanye's unborn baby has escaped in a stolen car & is making a run for it., Coming never to a theater near you., Manti Te'o's new eHarmony ad is almost too good to be true.

It's Freebie Friday! Someone who Shares this wins a FOD hoodie!, Billy Eichner plays his new favorite game: "Weekend At Bernie's or Django Unchained?

Rachel Dratch guest stars on a brand new Billy on the Street tonight at 10/9c on Fuse!, Thanks for all the fill-in's! Donnie Donner is today's winner:

"I know you're trying to help, but there's really no need for you to HOLD MY BOOBS while I RUN.", It's Fill-In Friday! Fill in the blank. One of our favorite comments wins a FOD shirt!

"I know you're trying to help, but there's really no need for you to ________________ while I _______________.", We've all had one of these..., Well played, Deadspin. Well played., We shot a video today with Paul Scheer, Macklemore & Ryan Lewis! Coming soon to a computer near you., Stay for the credits after Zero Dark Thirty. There's a fake trailer for "Weekend at Bernie's 3" starring Bin Laden's corpse., Man gets an unexpected front row seat to a high speed police chase that he's watching on TV., The NRA thinks Obama is an elitist hypocrite for having the Secret Service protect his daughters with guns. Here's their new ad., It's time to appreciate these artists, Thanks for all the comments! Ben Reed is today's winner. Q: "If you had a theme song that played every time you walked in a room, what would it be?"

A: "Jurassic Park theme and then I would roar like a T-Rex when it was done. Perfect for job interviews and first dates.", The girlfriend was fake, but this statement is real., Want to express your undying love for pizza? Then this is the perfect shirt for you: http://bit.ly/10dhvyW, Answer this question before 5 p.m. PST today. Make us laugh. Win a pack of Funny Or Die sweatbands! Be sure to "Like" comments you think are funny to help us pick the winner!

"If you had a theme song that played every time you walked in a room, what would it be?", Here's what Tommy Lee Jones was thinking while he was scowling at Will Ferrell and Kristen Wiig at the Golden Globes., Juliette Lewis visited the office to make a luau lunch for us! It was delicious., Everything becomes better when you cover it in hot sauce. Everything but your cell phone., You might want to be sitting down when you read these., Here's what Jodie Foster was thinking during her Golden Globes speech.

It's T-Shirt Tuesday! Someone who Shares this wins a FOD shirt!, What's more obnoxious than rich, 20-something girls in New York? Rich, 20-something girls in LA., Lance Armstrong sends a powerful message to the kids of America: don't do drugs and cheat unless you want to be rich and go on Oprah., Everything you need to know about the worst thing in the world., Al Roker stopped by the office over the weekend to meet the whole team!, This is what you do when one of your friends won't put down their phone to stop texting., And the award for best post about the Golden Globes goes to..., These are the links you want. So just click them already., Laura Linney's speech before "Downton Abbey" is getting increasingly bizarre., Jon Glaser (Delocated, Human Giant) takes you on a visual tour of the different seasons in New York in the latest issue of The Occasional. 

Download The Occasional today for iPad & iPhone! It's the best choice you'll ever make: http://bit.ly/yIRAEa, Fun Football Fact: The Broncos are the only NFL team named after OJ Simpson's getaway car., We can all agree on one thing: this year’s Oscar nominees need more Hanks., Nick Offerman shares wisdom from the tweets of young female celebrities. 

It's Freebie Friday! Someone who Shares this wins a FOD hoodie! Perfect for keeping you warm or cleaning up small spills., Billy Eichner and a pack of ladies hit the streets to play a lesbian lightning round.

New episode of Billy on the Street premieres TONIGHT at 10/9c on Fuse!, Thanks for all the fill-in's! Tommy Nilsson is today's winner:

"The best way to cure a cold is TO COUGH IN SOMEONE'S FACE AND THEN SAY: YOU'RE IT!", It's Fill-In Friday! Fill in the blank. One of our favorite comments wins a FOD shirt!

The best way to cure a cold is _____________.", Another year of Oscar nominations, another year of feeling like Space Jam got robbed in every major category., Jamie Kennedy's New Year's Eve broadcast on KDOC is the biggest fail of 2013 so far., Feeling instantly better about your life isn't as hard as you'd think., Sweatpants in public are the best way to let the world know you don't give a crap today., Why would you ever change it?!?, Robby uses Craigslist in a most peculiar way., If you only watch one comedian-filled webseries about an apartment complex this year, make it this one., Thanks for all the comments! Jeff Durham is today's winner. Q: "What's a sign that today is not going to be a good day?" 

A: "Now Entering New Jersey", Want to be THIS happy? Follow Funny Or Die on Pinterest: http://pinterest.com/funnyordie, Phone it in! What's the worst that could happen?, Answer this question before 5 p.m. PST today. Make us laugh. Win a Funny Or Die sweatband! Be sure to "Like" comments you think are funny to help us pick the winner!

"What's a sign that today is not going to be a good day?", We reached 5 million followers on Twitter! Will Ferrell made this video to congratulate us., Takeo Ischi is probably the best chicken yodeler you've ever heard., This couple's OCD has gotten a little bit out of hand., Do you like the NFL? Do you also like recaps? Then this link is for you., When life gives you lemonade, add vodka., Now more than ever, the world needs Rick Moranis., Enjoy this deleted scene from "This is 40" featuring Judd Apatow's daughter. 

It's T-Shirt Tuesday! Someone who Shares this wins a FOD shirt!, These are links you should click. So click them., Billy Eichner stops Mr. Singh on the street in NY to get quizzed in the face. 

New episodes of "Billy on the Street" air every Friday at 10/9c on Fuse!, Some strange things have happened in the world of rock and roll. Or have they?, Courteney Cox and the cast of Cougar Town are having a lot of fun on set. Also a lot of wine., Eyes on the prize., Forever Glue is the only super glue on the market that promises to never, EVER break its hold., There's something weird about the nose on this face., Stacey Dash is a normal person just like the rest of us. Here's the proof.

It's Freebie Friday! Someone who Shares this wins a FOD hoodie!, Billy Eichner plays a quick game of amateur speed sketching with a stranger. 

New episode of Billy on the Street tonight at 10/9c on Fuse!, Thanks for all the fill-in's! Shane Hexamer is today's winner.

"The grass is always SMOKABLE on the other side.", It's Fill-In Friday! Fill in the blank. One of our favorite comments wins a FOD shirt!

"The grass is always ______________ on the other side.", Are you a fan of vigilantes, Amy Ozols & caffeinated children? This is the video for you., Do you like Fred Willard, Lizzy Caplan & Eugene Mirman? Then you should watch this immediately., This is just a good video of Jay-Z's sister videobombing the news., Bobby Bottleservice (Nick Kroll) interviews a prospective singer (Chelsea Peretti) to add to his musical empire., Book Of Mormon/NBC stars Andrew Rannells & Josh Gad find out they have a lot in common. Maybe a little too much., Your vanity plate may have seemed like a great idea at the time. It was not and it isn't now., Now that we avoided the fiscal cliff, let's tackle the big issue: we still have to wait 6 months for new Breaking Bad., If you only see one parody of a musical this year, make it this one., Give your children the gift of science with Republican Science! It's a book presented by the Republican Members of the House Science Committee., Thanks for all the comments! Hunter Demyen is today's winner. Q: "What's your New Year's resolution?"

A: "To gather a dedicated group to help get Honey Boo Boo's mom back in her natural environment.", Will Ferrell plays a game of "Would Drew Barrymore Like That?" with Billy Eichner in this clip from Billy on the Street.

New episodes of Billy on the Street premiere Fridays at 10/9c on Fuse!, It's a new year. And a new them., Answer this question before 5 p.m. PST today. Make us laugh. Win a Funny Or Die sweatband! Be sure to "Like" comments you think are funny to help us pick the winner!

"What's your New Year's resolution?, This is how not to clear your roof of some snow., Billy On The Street is a re-run tonight, but still watch it if you like laughing. 

New episode next Friday at 10/9c on Fuse! Until then, ponder this thought..., Hey, football fans! Lenovo is giving away an unreal prize pack that includes a full year of trips to EVERY big NFL event, including the Super Bowl., A fantasy football coach flies out to protect Chicago Bears RB Matt Forte before a big game., Will Ferrell faces off with Billy Eichner in a brand new Billy On The Street tonight at 10/9c on Fuse! Here's a sneak peek., Charles Barkley gives us a peek into his Dream Team reunion Christmas plans for the year.

Give someone the greatest gift of all this Christmas: the latest issue of our digital magazine! Download The Occasional today for iPad & iPhone: http://bit.ly/yIRAEa, Two co-workers compete to throw the biggest party of all time to celebrate the end of the world tomorrow., Thanks for all the comments! Casper Brennan is today winner. Q: "What's the most surefire way for a coach to lead his team to victory?"  

A: "Put on a monacle and give a literary reading of Gangnam style to the tune of Mozarts Summer Overture."

(Presented by Lenovo), It's a special edition of Fill-In Friday! Answer this question and make us laugh. Winner gets a FOD shirt!

"What's the most surefire way for a coach to lead his team to victory?", New World News brings you the latest news, weather, and events for the Post Apocalyptic United States., Want more? Check out 18 Images That Defined 2012: http://bit.ly/TCQwqI, The heartwarming holiday coffee commercial goes horribly, terribly wrong., Michael Bolton hides out in a cabin with some folk singers after his fast-lane lifestyle catches up with him., Adam McKay explains how to survive the end of the world tomorrow in the latest issue of The Occasional.

Want more mind blowing content? Download The Occasional today for iPad & iPhone: http://bit.ly/yIRAEa, We are pleased to present The Gorburger Christmas Show! Andrew W.K. stops by & there's a very festive performance from The Internet., We got a ton of FOD sweatbands to give away to you in 2013! Let's hope the Mayans are wrong because these things are non-refundable. http://instagr.am/p/TcJBqBQBD5/, Billy Eichner hits the streets to play a quick round of For A Dollar.

Tune in this Friday for Will Ferrell's Billy On The Street debut at 10/9c on Fuse!, Thanks for all the comments! David Donovan is today's winner. Q: "You've been naughty all year. How do you get yourself on Santa's 'nice' list in the next few days?"

A: "Three words: Reindeer poop shield.", Robert Griffin III gets some unsolicited coaching from a fan who has him on his fantasy team., What you would probably wish for if one of these six celebrities was Santa Claus., If you think your Secret Santa with your coworkers is bad, try being an actor on a TV show., Answer this question before 5 p.m. PST today. Make us laugh. Win a Funny Or Die magic answer ball! Be sure to "Like" comments you think are funny to help us pick the winner!

"You've been naughty all year. How do you get yourself on Santa's 'nice' list in the next few days?", Marnie Tethers (Brittany Snow) might be the most annoying Christmas caroler of all time., Thanks for all the Shares! Aaron Barrett won today's VERY SPECIAL TOP SECRET PRIZE...a pair of Beats by Dre Headphones!, Ads sure have changed a lot since Instagram put their new privacy policy in place., Insanely cool Billy Eichner ad spotted in Times Square! Yes, this is real. No, it's not photoshopped. 

Watch a brand new Billy On The Street this Friday at 10/9c on Fuse with special guest Will Ferrell!, This commercial director has a hard time with his cast.

Someone who Shares this wins a VERY COOL top secret prize!, There's no way Rick Ross can fit in most of the cars he raps about., Anne Hathaway & Samuel L. Jackson face off to see who stars in the saddest movie this Christmas.

It's T-Shirt Tuesday! Someone who Shares this wins a FOD shirt!, The only thing more cute than one baby monkey is two of them hugging adorably., BuzzFeed picked our West Wing video as one of the best reunions of 2012!

Here's the video in case you missed it: http://bit.ly/U5hoAA, Funny Or Die shirts are 40% off today only! Get one now or risk being naked in public: http://bit.ly/VMPbMl, What do we have to show for another year? A bunch of pictures with captions written in Impact font, of course., In Soviet Russia, you pull dog on sled!, 'Inside Hollywood's Pooper' takes you inside Judd Apatow's 'This is 40', Check out these Reggie Watts Christmas cards from the new issue of The Occasional!

Download it today for iPad & iPhone: http://bit.ly/yIRAEa, Thank for all the fill-in's! Todd Holloman is today's winner:

"You got me PREGNANT for Christmas? You shouldn't have...", It's Fill-In Friday! Fill in the blank. One of our favorite comments wins a FOD shirt!

"You got me  _______________ for Christmas? You shouldn't have...", A girl breaks up with her old iPhone 3GS over text messages., The Pope decided to tweet for the first time, this is what went on behind the scenes., This is pretty cool. Team Coco is re-creating a full episode of Conan from fan submitted clips! 

http://teamcoco.com/occupyconan, Coming up next: Suspect just killed a man. Put a gun up to his head. Pull the trigger now he's dead., Remember when rap lyrics actually had a message? Like how you could get with this OR you could get with that?, That's gotta hurt., After starting his Twitter account earlier this month, the Pope's tweets have gotten a bit despondent., Thanks for all the comments! Stephanie Rosen is today's winner. Q: "What's the best gift to get your office secret santa?"

A: "37 pieces of flair", Josh Homme and Jesse Hughes from Eagles of Death Metal hanging out with Jack Black and Gorburger. http://instagr.am/p/TJxlUyQBE5/, Class it up for the holidays! Follow us on Pinterest: http://pinterest.com/funnyordie, Answer this question before 5 p.m. PST today. Make us laugh. Win a Funny Or Die magic answer ball! Be sure to "Like" comments you think are funny to help us pick the winner!

"What's the best gift to get your office secret santa?", Cat Power has a breakdown during a performance for children., Come on, bros. The time has come to get up off the couch and stand up for the ladies., Check out Elena, one of the funniest Billy On The Street contestants of all time, get quizzed in the face by Billy Eichner.

Don't miss Will Ferrell on a brand new Billy On The Street this Friday on Fuse at 10/9c!, Let's take a look at the year's best typos that will have you saying, "DAMN YOU, AUTOCORRECT!", Charles Barkley graces the cover of the new holiday issue of our interactive magazine! 

Download The Occasional for iPad and iPhone today to see his dream team reunion: http://bit.ly/USCh2T, Want a talking Ted bear to hang out on your couch and drink beer with you while you watch Ted Unrated on Blu-ray?

Head over to the FOD Twitter for your chance to win one: http://twitter.com/funnyordie http://instagr.am/p/THGLDdwBII/, Such a noble creature. So much like us., It's humbling to know a monkey wearing a coat in Ikea has touched the world more than you ever will., Shocking footage from a Kris Humphries home video has leaked online.

It's T-Shirt Tuesday! Someone who Shares this wins a FOD shirt!, A new twitter account posts plots for modern episodes of Seinfeld. Here are some of the best ones., Set the text sound on your phone to a fart noise, then fart whenever you want and pretend like you just got a text. The perfect plan., Straight girls respond to lesbians who responded to straight guys who responded to gay guys' "Gay Guys Will Marry Your Girlfriend.", Check out the new red band trailer for Judd Apatow's "This Is 40", "Good morning!!!!! I MADE SOME COFFEE IF YOU WANT SOME.", It took us 11 and a half months, but we finally got it. Pulitzers all around., It's Sunday, so that means you have to begrudgingly call your parents. It also means there are links., Thanks for all the Shares! Will Mosby won the script signed by Matthew Stafford, Steve Young and Jerry Rice! Come back soon for more cool stuff., Someone who Shares wins this script signed by NFL players Jerry Rice, Matthew Stafford and Steve Young!

Didn't see "Style In Traning" yet? Watch it here: http://bit.ly/VoRYeL, Billy Eichner has taken over our twitter account! Tweet questions for him @ funnyordie and read all of his answers here: http://bit.ly/GTDAUn, It's the most wonderful time of the year., It's Fill-In Friday! Fill in the blank. One of our favorite comments wins a FOD shirt!

"There's no business like ______________ business.", Billy answered your questions today for a change. Check out what he had to say about his show, his life and MERYL STREEP!, This adorable cat is also a pretty sick DJ., Perfect timing., Open your eyes and look at these signs of the coming apocalypse!, Kaiser Permanente's CEO (Bob Balaban) starts a new office tradition: Santa Fe Thursdays. Things get a little out of hand., Andy Richter teaches you all about impending financial doom with Fiscal Cliff 101., William and Kate are having a baby! So what are you getting them? You might want to consider some of these sure-to-please gifts., Thanks for all the comments! Tristen Bruce is today's winner. Q: "What's your biggest fear?

A: "Seeing as how I have 4 kids and work 50 hours a week, my biggest fear is immortality.", Million dollar idea: Netflix instant, but for sandwiches, Walkers and biters and lamebrains, oh my!, Answer this question before 5 p.m. PST today. Make us laugh. Win a Funny Or Die magic answer ball! Be sure to "Like" comments you think are funny to help us pick the winner!

"What's your biggest fear?", "Hero" is a word thrown around a lot these days, so let's not use it to describe this drunk lady who wanted to be on the news., Can you tell which of these college bowl games are real?, Billy Eichner and Andy Cohen backstage at the Billy On The Street season 2 premiere party!

Billy On The Street premieres this Friday at 10/9c on Fuse!, Outside of the Billy On The Street season 2 premiere party happening right now in NYC with Billy Eichner!, Just another day in the life of Catwoman., Have you ever realized you're way too high to be at the supermarket only to realize you're actually at Office Depot?, These people deserve a high-five to celebrate how terrible their high-fives are., Etsy is actually run by a maniacal queen named Ellie Harper (Rachel Leigh Cook) & FBI Agent Michael Peck (Mark-Paul Gosselaar) is here to stop her.

It's T-Shirt Tuesday! Someone who Shares this wins a FOD shirt!, Trust. No One., And you thought meetings were a waste of time., Kate Middleton is pregnant and The Pope joined Twitter. Truly a huge day for shit that won't impact your life at all., Deon Cole from Conan demonstrates how the new Ultimate TBS app for Windows will give you a serious comedy workout., These dogs throw better parties than you., Huell Howser learns about organic farming at Whittier Backyard Farms., Also Mel Brooks because why the hell not., Matthew Stafford, Jerry Rice and Steve Young help Pete get ready for the biggest day of his life., Just this once, maybe you shouldn't be like Mike., The mission was real. The musical was a little TOO real., And bring back Shawn Hunter while you're at it!, Captain Planet (Don Cheadle) stars as Croc Peterson in a brand new action movie.

It's Freebie Friday! Someone who Shares this will get the FOD holiday card sent to them this year!, Thanks for all the fill-in's! Jamie Candilora is today's winner:

"Don't make such a big deal about it. It's just AN ADAM'S APPLE.", It's Fill-In Friday! Fill in the blank. One of our favorite comments wins a FOD shirt!

"Don't make such a big deal about it. It's just ________________.", Has science explained how Mario Lopez looks younger now than he did on Saved By The Bell?, Looking good guys. No, not you. The one in the reflection., It's safe to say this will be the last year the cast of Dallas invites Patrick Duffy to join Secret Santa., The cast of Cool Runnings 2 for the upcoming issue of The Occasional! http://instagr.am/p/SoMWawQBD4/, Check out the "Owen & TJ Read The News" podcast! Owen (a real life comedy writer at FOD) and TJ (a cell phone case salesman and aspiring hip hop artist voiced by Adam McKay) discuss all the latest current events.

Listen to the first episode here: http://bit.ly/UebZpa, Matthew Perry has a spiritual awakening and encourages people to not watch the filth that is "Go On.", This dog is not a fan of going for a walk at all., Thanks for all the comments! James Yantis is today's winner. Q: "What would you order for your last meal?" 

A: "A Klondike bar, considering I killed a man to get it.", Conan reveals a deleted scene from The Walking Dead that shows a zombie learning to defend itself., The Facebook sales team deals with the legal copy writing everyone has been posting., Answer this question before 5 p.m. PST today. Make us laugh. Win a Funny Or Die magic answer ball! Be sure to "Like" comments you think are funny to help us pick the winner!

"What would you order for your last meal?", Captain Planet (Don Cheadle) stops by the Environmental Protection Organization & has a heart to heart with Ma-Ti., Such a noble creature. So much like us., Will Ferrell's Old Milwaukee Super Bowl ad is nominated for best commercial of 2012! 

Vote for it here: http://bit.ly/RhgJNS, Chris Brown has so much room in his schedule for activities since he quit Twitter., Check out some GIFs from the latest installment of Don Cheadle as Captain Planet.

Watch "Captain Planet 2" here: http://bit.ly/10QHQ4a, It's not even December yet and Christmas music already needs to relax., Nick Thune gives valuable advice on catching a taxi when you're in a jam.

It's T-Shirt Tuesday! Someone who Shares this wins a stylish FOD shirt!, One of our writers penned some "Homeland" fan fiction. It's spectacular., Complaining about Facebook on Facebook has got to be one of the dumbest ways to spend your time on the Internet. That's saying a lot., This is the best thing you'll see today., Hey, Planeteers! Don Cheadle returns as Captain Planet in a new series of videos! Here's the latest one., Happy Cyber Monday! The Occasional (our interactive magazine for iPad and iPhone) is on sale for $.99! Get it here: http://bit.ly/S8h5U7, Shell Oil's training video for abusing arctic mammals has leaked online. Watch it if you dare., Eric Andre offers free mammograms to women on the street., Now that you're done eating your Thanksgiving angst, please enjoy these links., Make a quick video for your chance to win a free trip to NYC for the Billy On The Street premiere with Billy Eichner! It will probably be the best choice you make today: http://bit.ly/Ta4Y86, Want to win a FREE trip to NYC? Want to attend the Billy On The Street premiere party with Billy Eichner? Of course you do! Just make a quick video! It's simple! Do it! Here's how: http://bit.ly/Ta4Y86, In this animated holiday special, Sarah Silverman recalls a pivotal Thanksgiving in her childhood., Like most things in life, this is better when Ying Yang Twins - "Wait (The Whisper Song)" is playing in the background, This guy gets it., Rebecca Tyler (Teri Hatcher) serves Thanksgiving dinner with Tom Arnold while she prepares her family for the earliest Black Friday ever., Whatever you do, don't ever invite raw foodists to Thanksgiving dinner. Your meal will turn into this nightmare., As an assassin, Conan is a rather tidy killing machine, even while wearing a kimono., Hey, Billy on the Street fans! Want to fly out to NYC for the season 2 premiere party with Billy Eichner? Here's how you can make that dream come true., Bruiser's here to show you some self defense tips you can use on Black Friday., Just some tips to get you through the act of seeing your family., Larry David reminisces about Thanksgiving in Brooklyn in this animated holiday special.

It's T-Shirt Tuesday! Someone who Shares this wins a FOD shirt. Happy Thanksgiving!, Katy from La Sera visits Gorburger to talking about kicking balls and elderly Polish women., Richard Simmons made a surprise appearance at a meeting today. He sang us songs then took this amazing photo with one of our producers. http://instagr.am/p/SO1n7xQBMN/, All of the best foods on one table for one glorious meal. But what does your favorite say about you?, "I'm not chasing that red dot anymore.", Nick Kroll sits down with John Ramsey to watch some early home videos and offer insightful commentary., The best links you'll see today., Dave Franco is back and he's weirder than ever., Dave Franco & Talia Tabin play a game of "Would You Rather?" that takes an unexpected turn when their choices start coming true., There can be only one champion.

It's Freebie Friday! Someone who Shares this wins a motivational poster signed by Bob Balaban! We're serious as a heart attack., The advertising world's incompetency is our entertainment., Thanks for all the fill-in's! Armando Perez is today's winner:

"Sorry, I can't go out tonight. I need to stay at home and FIGURE OUT HOW TO MAKE TWINKIES.", It's Fill-In Friday! Fill in the blank. One of our favorite comments wins a FOD shirt!

"Sorry, I can't go out tonight. I need to stay at home and ___________________.", Dana Carvey broke out his impressions of Obama and many other presidents he made famous in the current issue of Funny Or Die’s The Occasional. Hear for yourself!, Thanks for all the comments! Shawn Provost is today's winner. Q: "What's your secret weapon for dominating any karaoke contest?"

A: "Nudity and animal noises."

(Brought to you by Killer Karaoke on truTV), This kid is going places. Probably to the principal's office., Guaranteed to turn your frown upside down., Bonus Comment Contest! Answer this question before 5 p.m. PST today. Make us laugh. Win a Funny Or Die magic answer ball! Be sure to "Like" comments you think are funny to help us pick the winner!

"What's your secret weapon for dominating any karaoke contest?", Agent Hashtag (Kellan Lutz) is the world's deadliest secret spy. His only weakness? He's addicted to social media., He's thinking of buying a boat. And a new lease on life., Hey, Twilight fans! We've got a video coming out tomorrow with one of the stars. Can you guess who it is? http://instagr.am/p/SCHoJ3wBNE/, Thanks for all the comments! Jesse Levesque is today's winner. Q: "What should be a mandatory class for all high school students?"

A: "How to appease your Chinese overlords in 10-12 years from now.", Gorburger, everyone's favorite alien monster, interviews Fool's Gold on the latest episode of his talk show., Follow us on Pinterest if your eyes can handle the cuteness!

http://pinterest.com/funnyordie, Answer this question before 5 p.m. PST today. Make us laugh. Win a Funny Or Die magic answer ball! Be sure to "Like" comments you think are funny to help us pick the winner!

"What should be a mandatory class for all high school students?", Nnamdi Asomugha is an internet cop and he's here to find out who the REAL Nigerian Prince is., Get caught up on the sexiest news story of the week., Steven Spielberg's epic historical drama is full of surprises, which we are happy to ruin., The election is over, but these Simpsons jokes are forever., You've seen Bum Fights, now check out Mom Fights., It's hard to say what our ancestors from 100 years ago would think about the world today, but they'd probably be pretty psyched about our ability to get drunk on airplanes., Watch out! This cat is a deadly killing machine.

It's T-Shirt Tuesday! Someone who Shares this wins a stylish FOD shirt. It's the next best thing to being naked., Eugene Levy experiences the downside of fame., More like Tickle You Elmo., Adorable little labrador fights a fierce battle with a spring doorstop., This week on the NFL, everyone hurt their brains and took a year off their lives., Mission: Accomplished!, Film critic Elvis Mitchell presents this lost James Bond classic from the 70's: To Have and To Gold., Rip Van Winkle wakes up from a 30 year nap only to hear upsetting news about his son Rob., Links, of the hyper variety., A guy breaks up with Tori Black after he discovers the most disgusting video she's ever been in., It took eight writers three hours to come up with this video., Having trouble finding a place to direct your rage on Facebook now that the election is over? Here's a helpful guide., Holding a drink in your profile photo is a great way to let people know you're an alcoholic., The entire 2012 campaign in two and a half minutes, as performed by children.

It's Freebie Friday! Someone who Shares this wins a FOD magic answer ball & hoodie!, Quite possibly the greatest moments in cartoon history., Thanks for all the fill-in's! Courtney Johnston is today's winner:

"I knew the meal was going to be bad when the waitress said, 'HI, WELCOME TO APPLEBEE'S.'", It's Fill-In Friday! Fill in the blank. One of our favorite comments wins a FOD shirt!

"I knew the meal was going to be bad when the waitress said, '____________________.'", Actor/Comedian Billy Crystal attempts a very small bowling challenge., One of our producers got cornrows yesterday because our hair & makeup artist had an hour to kill. http://instagr.am/p/Rv6vz6wBPq/, Mount up!, A new dark comedy from Adam McKay about two feisty single moms cruising Los Angeles., Life is too short to not put cheese on everything when given the opportunity., Do you like insane bowling trick shots and celebrity cameos? Then this video is for you., A missing husband, a broken heart and a startling confession. Just another day in the life of detective Cleve Dixon!, Colorado legalized weed! The Denver Nuggets now have the most appropriate name in the NBA., Thanks for all the comments! Rebecca Rosado Lopez is today's winner. Q: "What's the easiest job in the world?"

A: "Stay at home mom with no kids.", Finally! It's over! Here are some of the best reactions to last night., Two employees do bath salts to get them through a big presentation at the office., Answer this question before 5 p.m. PST today. Make us laugh. Win a Funny Or Die magic answer ball! Be sure to "Like" comments you think are funny to help us pick the winner!

"What's the easiest job in the world?", Pride comes before the fall., CONGRATULATIONS, PRESIDENT OBAMA!!!!!! ADIOS, RICH DUDE WITH MAGIC UNDERPANTS WHO WOULD SAY ANYTHING TO WIN!, Gorburger is joined by the band HEALTH on the latest episode of what many are calling, "The weirdest talk show in the history of all time.", Today, California voters decide the most important issue any generation has ever faced: Should porn stars wear condoms?, Go vote! It's the best thing you can do today that doesn't involve eating a sandwich. Bonus: you can eat a sandwich after you vote., Here are some tips to pass the time today., Today might come down to Ohio, which means undecided voters there are scoring big time!

It's T-Shirt Tuesday! Someone who Shares this wins a FOD shirt!, Reggie Brown, Obama impersonator, wants you to vote for Obama so he can keep his job., Do you like Scooby Doo? Then you'll love The Romney Boys! Here's their election eve special., Just got the good news from your boss: you get the day off work tomorrow to go vote! Don't bother calling to double check, they'll probably just pull a classic prank and say they have no idea what you're talking about., Read the headlines of tomorrow today!, Everything you need to know to make a somewhat informed decision tomorrow., Duck, duck, POLAR BEAR!, Will Ferrell will dance, cook or move a couch for you if it means you'll vote tomorrow., Pretty sound argument from Mr. Rock., Just in time for the election! Andy Richter's guide to voting from the lates issue of The Occasiona.

Get The Occasional for iPad and iPhone before making any serious political decisions: http://bit.ly/yIRAEa, Jay Johnston chews out some ideas for a Dentyne video in the FOD writers room., A Los Angeles Weather woman tries to deal with the guilt of reporting local weather during Hurricane Sandy., People don't need jobs. People need money! President Camacho's plan to fix the economy is simple: give every American a million dollars., The epic story of Republican Vice Presidential candidate Paul Ryan as a teenager in 1984 Janesville, Wisconsin.

It's Freebie Friday! Someone who Shares this wins a DVD of Funny Or Die's Greatest Hits that has never been and will never be for sale!, Thankfully this was broken up before all that snuggling got out of hand., Thanks for all the fill-in's! Slovic Borowski is today's winner:

"First thing I heard this morning was DEAF NEIGHBORS HAVING SEX. It's not going to be a good day.", It's Fill-In Friday! Fill in the blank. One of our favorite comments wins a FOD shirt!

"First thing I heard this morning was __________________. It's not going to be a good day.", He ain't afraid of no cop!, Twins!, Helpful guide to determine which pictures of Hurricane Sandy's aftermath are real and which ones are fake., Tired of paying income tax? President Camacho is getting rid of it! He's replacing it with the outgo tax that taxes whatever comes out of you., President Camacho (Terry Crews) is in the building to talk to you! Tweet your questions @ funnyordie RIGHT NOW and he might respond!

Watch him answer LIVE here: http://bit.ly/I9exUe, President Camacho is here to tell you what the hell is up with the world so you bitches better sit down and listen!, President Camacho (Terry Crews) from Idiocracy will be in our office tomorrow to do a LIVE video Q&A with you at 10:30am PST! Be very excited., Trick or treat! Oh jeez, these treats are disgusting., Thanks for all the comments! Julie Powell Devine is the winner of this week's contest. Q: "What's the worst kind of Halloween candy?" 

A: "Candy Spelling", Easily the best costume of 2012., Father Donahue performs an exorcism on young Sarah Jo, but got more than he was prepared for., Answer this question before 5 p.m. PST today. Make us laugh. Win a Funny Or Die magic answer ball! Be sure to "Like" comments you think are funny to help us pick the winner!

"What's the worst kind of Halloween candy?", The trailer for Disney's new Star Wars movie has leaked online. Check it out, if you dare., Ever felt like your student loans were killing you? For Emily, her loans really are a matter of life or death., What will Honey Boo Boo be this Halloween? Billy Eichner has the answer., News of Star Wars Episode VII instantly surpasses Sandy as the biggest disaster of the week., It was in the Bible the whole time. All part of God's plan., Will Ferrell & Zach Galifianakis have a moderated debate with three children. Go buy The Campaign on Blu-ray combo pack!, Come on down to Wiggles Gentlemen's Club for their sexy Halloween Amateur Hour!, This Halloween, go see the scariest horror movie filmed on a camcorder since the last horror movie filmed on a camcorder.

It's T-Shirt Tuesday! Someone who Shares this wins a FOD shirt!, Everyone on the East Coast: be safe and stay dry! Everyone on the West Coast: you should also stay safe and dry. It's good advice for pretty much everybody., Rob Riggle gives you a crash course in studying the world of YouTube., The author of Atlas Shrugged introduces her first cereal., These brave men and women keep us informed during dangerous weather conditions. So let's laugh at them!, Learned scholar enjoying a cup of coffee., Even during a zombie apocalypse, this guy still can't get anyone to sleep with him., Christopher Lloyd stars as a terrifying Willy Wonka who murders teenagers in "Gobstopper", Wendal Schneider takes you on a cinematic journey through some of Dracula's best blaaaaahs., Want to see what US presidents looked like when they were younger? The Occasional for iPad and iPhone has you covered: http://bit.ly/RnIzG6, A gritty, sexy reboot of Charlie Brown., It was a night of political nuance and intelligent discussion...for Triumph to poop on!, When giving out candy to trick-or-treaters, a person's worth can be measured in Snickers., Up, up and...DOWN.

It's Freebie Friday! Someone who Shares this wins a FOD magic answer ball!, On this episode of House Hunters International, real estate agent Malin Akerman meets a couple that's confused about Canada., Thanks for all the fill-in's! Mikey Dunn is today's winner: 

"WOW! Can't believe you went with PREGNANT CASEY ANTHONY as a Halloween costume.", It's Fill-In Friday! Fill in the blank. One of our favorite comments wins a FOD shirt!

"WOW! Can't believe you went with _____________________ as a Halloween costume.", Have you been tricked into thinking Tarter Control was Tartar Sauce? Well, not anymore..., Lincoln had it coming., Still need a Halloween costume? Slutty Zombie Gangnam Style Lieutenant Dan. You're welcome., These would've been fantastic to watch., You can tell who wears the pants in this relationship., Jar Jar Binks stars in the last "Gangnam Style" parody video you'll ever need to watch., A new kitty record!, Gorburger welcomes Dum Dum Girls to his show. Things take an unexpected turn when he breaks out his new game wheel., Thanks for all the comments! Eric Mentzer is today's winner. Q: "What will be the most popular baby name of 2013?"

A: "Probably Grey, due to the baby boom from the Shades of Grey books.", BREAKING NEWS: Donald Trump is an idiot., Breakfast supervillains beware! The Crunchy Nut plans to put you out of the boring breakfast business., Answer this question before 5 p.m. PST today. Make us laugh. Win a Funny Or Die magic answer ball! Be sure to "Like" comments you think are funny to help us pick the winner!

"What will be the most popular baby name of 2013?", Billy Eichner stopped by Conan last night to ask New Yorkers about the election & interrupt Madonna on stage at her Yankee Stadium sound check.

Season 2 of Funny or Die's Billy on the Street premieres Friday Dec 7th at 10/9CT on Fuse!, Dennis Haysbert, Clay Aiken, Howie Mandel and Jennifer Tilly star in this very important PSA., This recap may be lazy, but hey, it exists. Unlike the Bills defense., Billy Eichner is back on CONAN tonight on TBS at 11/10CT with a very special guest. Your TV might explode from excitement.

Season 2 of Funny or Die's Billy on the Street premieres Friday Dec 7th at 10/9CT on Fuse!, Now hat is a cute dog., Donald Trump uses Twitter for many things, but mostly he uses it for sounding like a teenage girl., 'Horses and Bayonets' sounds like the name of a band that plays Coachella at 3pm on Sunday., Ayn Rand (Michaela Watkins) has a new public access talk show! Rob Delaney is her first guest.

It's T-Shirt Tuesday! Someone who Shares this wins a FOD shirt!, There are serious consequences from playing too much Call of Duty., Funny or Die's panel of political experts are tweeting about tonight's debate RIGHT NOW! Check out what they have to say., Never have you ever heard these things on Halloween., Reddit has been down for hours. Everyone at the office is struggling to find new ways to not get any work done., Crappy Halloween., We made the most viral video of all time. Only click this if you're an advanced Internet user., Links! And also Tom Hanks!, Get the latest issue of The Occasional for iPad and iPhone today! It features a Jewish Web MD section written by Simon Rich., Someone who Shares wins this script signed by Rob Riggle! Watch Night of Too Many Stars TONIGHT at 8/7c on Comedy Central!, Jake Johnson, Nick Kroll and Olivia Munn show you how easy it is to donate to charity. Text "Stars" to 50555 & help end autism today., They spooked us when they appeared in these classics. Check out what they look like today., Finally, one theater critic (Alfred Molina) has the guts to tell children how bad they are at putting on plays.

It's Freebie Friday! Someone who Shares this wins a FOD hoodie! It's stylish, warm and made with love., Jay Johnston chews out some ideas for a Dentyne video in the FOD writers room., Thanks for all the fill-in's! Jennifer Holinsworth is today's winner:

"Everybody's LOWERING THEIR STANDARDS for the weekend.", It's Fill-In Friday! Fill in the blank. One of our favorite comments wins a FOD shirt!

"Everybody's _______________ for the weekend.", Teri and Lia from Le Butcherettes visit Gorburger to justify the name of their band., Congratulations to Detroit for making it to the World Series! Condolences to Detroit for pretty much everything else., Catman Begins, In anticipation of Night of Too Many Stars, airing this Sunday at 8pm on Comedy Central, Nick Offerman will get naked for charity., Inspirational words written by Judd Apatow on a "Superbad" poster hanging at USC. http://instagr.am/p/Q754D8QBNy/, The legend of Bill Murray continues., Sweden's twitter account just posted this Will Ferrell spot that's only airing on Swedish television. It's the best., Twitter poet Courtney Stodden recites some of her best tweets., The guys from The Hangover 3 take a break from filming to do some election prep., Thanks for all the comments! Beto Al Alacran is today's winner. Q: "If you could meet anyone from history, who would it be and why?"

A: "George Washington. So I could see his reaction when he finds out that his face has been in every stripper's ass crack.", This GIF might be the best thing to come out of last night's debate., Follow us on Pinterest! It's the cute pick-me-up everyone needs.

http://pinterest.com/funnyordie, Answer this question before 5 p.m. PST today. Make us laugh. Win a Funny Or Die magic answer ball! Be sure to "Like" comments you think are funny to help us pick the winner!

"If you could meet anyone from history, who would it be and why?", Things don't always end well when you give a stranger your phone number., Both of those statements are completely true., We've got a team of political experts live tweeting the debate RIGHT NOW! Follow along here., Apple set to announce the iPad mini. Because iPads are too big, iPhones are too small & consumers are too stupid., It's hard trying to change the world, but it's even harder if you're an orange fleshed sweet potato interning in the nation's capital., If you live in the free world, and you're not eating ice cream at least once a week, you're f*cking up., Jenny Mollen wants to show you just how sexy she is when she's at home.

It's T-Shirt Tuesday! Someone who Shares this wins a FOD shirt!, The trailer for the live action "Sesame Street" horror film looks pretty dark., A parody of Facebook's new and first ever commercial., Good things take time. Terrible stuff happens immediately., The resemblance is uncanny., Let their fear be the reason for your laughter., Looks like someone has a case of the Mondays., G.I. Joe is ready for a new age of warfare., It was a big week for links., Teacher of the Year is a day in the life of Ethan Collins, a severely depressed, foul-mouthed elementary school teacher whose wife's recent infidelity and departure have left him questioning everything in his life., This is what happens when you let amateurs run your social media., This cat has a few words for you, pay attention!, A group of unsuspecting Texas fans has no idea what kind of horrors The Game with Oklahoma would bring them.

It's Freebie Friday! Someone who Shares this wins one of the last FOD koozies in existence!, Biden angry. Internet funny., Thanks for all the fill-in's! Tadhg Mathews is today's winner:

"That restaurant is alright. Just make sure you don't order MILK. MILK IS A BAD CHOICE.", It's Fill-In Friday! Fill in the blank. One of our favorite comments wins a FOD shirt!

"That restaurant is alright, just make sure you don't order _____________.", The movies are fake, but these are real pictures from Time Magazine., Captain Planet is back! http://instagr.am/p/QqYTRBwBJR/, Jack Black stars in the delightfully violent new music video from OFF!, This could've gone better., Those shoes with the toes = male birth control, Selma Blair is the one woman voting for Mitt Romney., Makes sense, actually. Don't see what the big deal is., Thanks for all the comments! Clinton Pritchard is today's winner. Q: "What's a good way to breakup with someone?"

A: "Say, 'If your my girlfriend raise your hand.... Not so fast honey.'", Cats are a snowman's best friend., "Let's Go" is the new music video from Matt and Kim. Click this only if you're prepared to get weird., Answer this question before 5 p.m. PST today. Make us laugh. Win a Funny Or Die magic answer ball! Be sure to "Like" comments you think are funny to help us pick the winner!

"What's a good way to breakup with someone?", Just a peek inside the VP's notebook., Things go horribly wrong when Sean & Nathaniel from 3OH!3 visit Gorburger for an interview., These things are only slightly less depressing than a world without Big Bird., His bite is worse than the bark., Most of the comments on YouTube are terrible. These ones, however, are not., Take a look at this spoOooOoky playlist of FOD videos presented by The Walking Dead...if you dare., Does remembering something embarrassing from grade school & having a panic attack count as cardio?, Two of the worst people ever run into each other in pilates class.

It's T-Shirt Tuesday! Someone who Shares this wins a FOD shirt!, What it would be like if Chet from Childrens Hospital was a driving instructor., We're just glad Manning Face is back., The only rule is: never let your target escape, even if your target is a sweet widdle puppy wuppy., You won't believe how little these people know about dogs! It is unbelievable!, Happy Columbus Day! Celebrate by going to the wrong house after work then claiming it as your own., All aboard the happy train!, Coming this fall to TV! She's adorkable... and Jewish., So many links!!!! Well, six of them. But six great ones!, Coming never to a theater near you., He makes some valid points., Thanks for all the Shares! Bill Moore won today's prize: this copy of Dianetics signed by Crystal The Monkey! You might know Crystal The Monkey from Hangover 2 and Animal Practice., A handy guide as you prepare yourself for Taken 2., Big Bird has a VERY dirty mouth in this response video to Mitt Romney.

Someone who Shares this wins a copy of Dianetics signed by a famous monkey! Seriously., Thanks for all the fill-in's! Harrison Kraft is today's winner:

"Arguing on the Internet is almost as pointless as AN EJECTOR SEAT ON A HELICOPTER.", It's Fill-In Friday! Fill in the blank. One of our favorite comments wins a FOD shirt!

"Arguing on the Internet is almost as pointless as ______________________.", Must've been tough for Michelle Obama to watch her husband get screwed by another person on their anniversary., The new issue of our interactive magazine The Occasional is out now for iPad and iPhone! Dana Carvey impersonates Obama, Bush and Clinton plus Andy Richter gives you a guide to voting.

Get it while it's hot: http://bit.ly/yIRAEa, Thanks NBA Baller Beats for the game, Xbox and Kinect! It's helping our editors get so much work done. http://instagr.am/p/QYT1S1wBFM/, Drink, be merry then vomit., Jim Lehrer was on his game last night! Let's take a look at the highlights., Looper is actually a documentary about Joseph Gordon-Levitt doing mushrooms & wandering around a cornfield for three days., Christopher Walken invites Richard Belzer over to cook a meal. This might be the best cooking show of all time., It's time for that lazy baby of yours to get off his diaper and find a job!, We've got our team of political experts live tweeting the debate RIGHT NOW! Follow along here!, Thanks for all the comments! Michael John Varga is today's winner. Q: "What will be the most important question asked at the debate tonight?"

A: "How many times have you killed Osama Bin Laden?", Can you spot the one that doesn't belong?, We've assembled a team of experts to live tweet the debate tonight! 

Familiarize yourself with the illustrious gang then read their tweets tonight here: http://bit.ly/QQphJM, Answer this question before 5 p.m. PST today. Make us laugh. Win a Funny Or Die magic answer ball! Be sure to "Like" comments you think are funny to help us pick the winner!

"What will be the most important question asked at the debate tonight?", The title pretty much sums this one up., WARNING: This is NOT how you are supposed to do it., Here's why you should hop on board the weirdest trend sweeping Asia., Love fades. Pizza is forever., Gorburger, everyone's favorite monster talk show host, sits down with Cedric from The Mars Volta and Chelsea Wolfe., We’re not sure if Jackie Chan’s Facebook page is crazy, adorable or just crazy adorable., This cat has a weird little funny face it makes and it's incredible.

It's T-Shirt Tuesday! Someone who Shares this wins a FOD shirt. Feel free to twist it around your head and spin it like a helicopter., Supermodel Bar Refaeli wants you to help her make a sex tape., This guy shows all the terrible actors in the world how its done., Touching video made in memory of our favorite screwups from 2012., Whoever invented ice cream cake deserves to have their face on currency., The race is about to get real. Real predictable., Think you've got what it takes to win this staring contest? Think again., Lil' Mr. T, Mitt Romney employs his five sons to unravel the mystery behind waning profits at the family amusement park., So much ridiculousness, so little time., "Looper" is a movie about an assassin who meets his future-self & goes crazy trying to figure out when he went bald., A man tries to get stuff done during the day, but Facebook doesn't let him., It turns out the cast of "Breaking Amish" has been less than honest about their past. This is how it makes fans feel., Upward facing dog., So many things to ponder. We know that feeling, bear bros., Wondering why China is kicking America's ass? Look no further than Honey Boo Boo., Welcome back, NFL refs! Thanks for the reminder that paying a premium for quality is always better than getting a good deal on incompetence., This cat's frown is incredible., There can be only one champion., Great news, everybody! All of these people are still alive!, Thanks for all the comments! Andrew Thomson is today's winner. Q: "What's a good way to get rid of a headache?"

A: "Put your head through a window, it takes the pane away.", This might be the best Halloween costume ever for a pregnant lady., Kobe Bryant's late night chat log with Dwight Howard has leaked online., Answer this question before 5 p.m. PST today. Make us laugh. Win a Funny Or Die magic answer ball! Be sure to "Like" comments you think are funny to help us pick the winner!

"What's a good way to get rid of a headache?", Sarah Silverman speaks out against voter ID laws that keep minorities and seniors from voting., Celebrities want you to vote! That should be reason enough for you people., This is getting ridiculous., TLC: The LOOKATTHATFREAKSHOW Channel, Monday Night Football isn't the only thing the NFL replacement refs have messed up., In Soviet Russia, dog on sled gets pulled by you!, The Gorburger Show is an amazing new web series we produced starring comedian T.J. Miller as a bloodthirsty space monster who loves interviewing bands -- and trying to eat them., Nick Offerman, Chris Pratt, and Adam Scott are too busy to help Harris Wittels promote his new Humblebrag book.

It's T-Shirt Tuesday! Someone who Shares this wins a FOD shirt!, Crystal the famous acting monkey gets by with the help of her friend/agent Rhonda Price-Lieberstein., Cooking meth takes chemistry., Thanks for all the Shares! Nathan Rogers is the winner of a ton of Jack Link's Jerky. Eat it in good health, Nathan!, Someone who Shares this wins half of the Leaning Tower of Jerky that's in our kitchen. http://instagr.am/p/P-ViN4wBPo/, That's just Tom being Tom., Weighty decisions., Things escalate quickly when a husband and wife get into a little argument., Also! Sarah Silverman, Woody Allen, and even more iPhone jokes!, Do you like Funny Or Die videos starring NFL players? If you answered yes, this playlist is for you., Nobody gives a shit about your new iPhone., Yeah, bitch! Voting!, The iPhone 5 is thinner, taller and way sexier than your old, dumpy phone.

It's Freebie Friday! Someone who Shares this wins a FOD hoodie! Brace yourself, winter is coming., Thanks for all the fill-in's! Angi Petrey is today's winner:

"You can never trust a person who POOPS AFTER THEY TAKE A SHOWER.", It's Fill-In Friday! Fill in the blank. One of our favorite comments wins a FOD shirt!

"You can never trust a person who _________________.", How do you know when you've found the perfect woman?, Come enjoy all that New York has to offer. If you can find it., Kurtwood Smith and Jillian Rose Reed make the perfect fake family. http://instagr.am/p/PxbOyhwBHz/, A simple process., Bank of America is cutting 16,000 jobs. "It was a tough choice," the B of A CEO said in a statement. "But f*ck those people. We love money.", Mitt really put his foot in his mouth this time!, This bulldog is flipping out over this trampoline., Can't afford the Kindle? Amazon just released the Wendell for the low price of $5!, Mr. Wizard is still a total dick., Thanks for all the comments! Brian White is today's winner. Q:  "What's a quick way to end a conversation?"

A: "A punch to the face followed by saying 'This is how we say goodbye in Germany, Dr. Jones'", Grab some bros and brews then check these movies out, bro., Follow us on Pinterest. Let's hang out.

http://pinterest.com/funnyordie, Answer this question before 5 p.m. PST today. Make us laugh. Win a Funny Or Die magic answer ball! Be sure to "Like" comments you think are funny to help us pick the winner!

"What's a quick way to end a conversation?", Everyone loves Bruno Mars, but this video shows whatta mighty good man he really is., Your grandpa knows how to party harder than you do., What is going on in the NFL?, Alfred Molina and his little co-stars. http://instagr.am/p/PvFOU0QBGE/, Social media is a great tool for many companies. But maybe not this one., Hey, LA! Check out the LA Riot Comedy Festival this weekend for over 100 comedians and FREE BEER!, Twins., This is just a good video of a cat sitting like a human.

It's T-Shirt Tuesday! Someone who Shares this wins a FOD shirt! Just do it, you know you like free things., A man's OCD gets in the way of his love life., This is how everyone deserves to be greeted., Heads up!, We should all be lucky enough to quit like this one day., It would be so gross and terrifying to find out a friend uses Bing., Crystal the Monkey recording a hot new track in the FOD studio. http://instagr.am/p/Pr4rNRwBAh/, The newest release from the Warren Klein Voicemail Archive shows Warren's skill at handling a client (Rob Lowe) in crisis., Do you like Billy Crystal and trailers for new movies? Then you should watch this trailer for the new Billy Crystal movie., For the love of god just click., This cat is not impressed., They're not just living life, they're loving it., Thanks for all the Shares! Corissa Donley is the winner of a box of cookies. Come back soon for more free stuff!, One man's day takes an unfortunate turn when his co-worker brings in a basket of delicious cookies.

It's Freebie Friday! Someone who Shares this wins a box of delicious cookies!, Every job has cushy fringe benefits, but being employed at an animal hospital has the cushiest and fringiest benefits., Thanks for all the fill-in's! Todd Holloman is today's winner:

"Sorry if this is a dumb question but, WHAT THE F*CK IS A HONEY BOO BOO?", It's Fill-In Friday! Fill in the blank. One of our favorite comments wins a FOD shirt!

"Sorry if this is a dumb question but, _______________________?", Dog finds a formidable mental adversary in the form of an escalator., This is your dog on pot., Something terrible happened in our kitchen. http://instagr.am/p/PfrHu8wBOS/, The first few pages of "Entourage: The Movie" have leaked! Oh yeah!, Paul hangs out with the Hoff in LA while Fake Paul handles his job & family back in Utah., Unaired outtakes from Dwight Freeney's commercial for Freeney-O’s: the official cereal of NFL Superstar Dwight Freeney., The new iPhone 5 is going to revolutionize the way you ignore friends when you hang out., Conan's innocent sidekick doesn't know what "teabagging" is., If you pictured a monster, you got one., Thanks for all the comments! Robert Brenneman is today's winner. Q: "What feature is missing from the new iPhone?"

A: "Breathalyzer that blocks you from dialing or texting exes at 2am", Throw your iPhone 4S in the garbage because it's officially terrible now that the iPhone 5 has arrived., One man sets out on a journey to uncover the secret celebration that is Halfway Day™., Answer this question before 5 p.m. PST today. Make us laugh. Win a Funny Or Die magic answer ball! Be sure to "Like" comments you think are funny to help us pick the winner!

"What feature is missing from the new iPhone?", Everything is better with "Gangnam Style" playing over it., This is just a good video of a screaming sheep., Chris Brown isn't the only celebrity with a shocking neck tattoo., We shot a video with Bar Refaeli today in NY! Scrooge McDuck was also there. http://instagr.am/p/PdDj9sQBGU/, Won't somebody PLEASE think of the fictional children?, Sean Astin teams up with Pepsi Max to use his experience from "Rudy" and "Lord of the Rings" to teach NFL rookies about football., Avocados are the ice cream of vegetables., Rachael Leigh Cook learns how much a first kiss can sweep you off your feet.

It's T-Shirt Tuesday! Someone who Shares this wins a FOD shirt!, Grunting is under attack in women's tennis. Show your support and let your grunt be heard!, You have the right to remain silent while Angus Young rips this guitar solo., New NFL season, new recaps and new dick jokes., Another round of those voted 'most likely to be awesome., More people would come to your garage sale if you had a DJ., 'Murrica., Zooey Deschanel and the cast of The New Girl have some problems with Regis Philbin hanging around set., Get these links while they're hot!, These sitcom families from 80's television would fit in perfectly with today's world., Robot with a jet pack in our basement. http://instagr.am/p/PSsgH7wBJ8/, Thanks for all the Shares! Rob McClelland is the winner of this poster signed by Chris Kattan! Come back soon for more free stuff., FOD's entertainment correspondant talks to the hottest actors from "The Democratic National Convention: The Movie"

It's Freebie Friday! Someone who Shares this wins a poster of a puppy signed by Chris Kattan., Thanks for all the fill-in's! Mattie Romanyshyn is today's winner:

"You don't really know someone until you FIND A LIST OF PEOPLE THEY ARE GOING TO KILL in their shoes.", It's Fill-In Friday! Fill in the blank. One of our favorite comments wins a FOD shirt!

"You don't really know someone until you ______________ in their shoes.", Obama needs to walk out tonight holding Bin Laden's skull with "Born in the USA" blasting or this was all a big waste of time., Kitten + puppy = adorable overload, Alexis Bledel from "Gilmore Girls" gets interviewed by a FOD correspondent at the DNC. http://instagr.am/p/PNag3DwBPu/, Every boating accident needs a dubstep remix., The 2012 Summer music festivals have come and gone, but the memories we can remember will be with us forever., Doing drugs doesn't make you cool. Sharing drugs makes you cool., Thanks for all the comments! Jeff McElroy is today's winner. Q: "What's the worst name for a dog?"

A: "Grandma... we had to put grandma to sleep, who left grandma outside? grandma bit someone", Sportscasting legend Jim Brockmire stopped by Rich Eisen's podcast to talk about the 2012 NFL season., The Jim Brockmire story tells the true tale of an old-school sportscaster who had a very public meltdown., Tumblr is the future! Don't you want to be a part of the future? Follow us on Tumblr and make that dream come true.

http://funnyordie.tumblr.com, Don't you wish you could try them all?, Answer this question before 5 p.m. PST today. Make us laugh. Win a Funny Or Die magic answer ball! Be sure to "Like" comments you think are funny to help us pick the winner!

"What's the worst name for a dog?", Mitt Romney turns toward camera a lot., The Cosby clan watches the unwatchable: late season episodes of "The Cosby Show.", Jaws 4 is terrifying, just not for any reasons the filmmakkers intended., This economy has been rough on Stu Pickles and his family., The first day of school., Bane (Chris Kattan) gets a job as a telemarketer when his Dark Knight Rises checks stop showing up.

It's T-Shirt Tuesday! Someone who Shares this wins a FOD shirt! We promise it will make you look like a more presentable human being., Links are your best friend., Clint Eastwood really rips that chair a new one!, Monty Python fans should watch this, and people who aren't Monty Python fans should probably change that., Warning! Old men may be crazier than they appear., MTV cancelled Jersey Shore. They promise to stop glorifying irresponsible behavior & just get back to making pregnant teens famous., A fancy new comic from Amazing Super Powers., This art is like a combination of Fergie and Jesus., "Free beer" will always be the most beautiful combination of letters., The title pretty much sums this one up., Maybe think a little bit harder before you ask President Obama a question., After a rough job interview, this recent graduate turns to his dad for consolation., Thanks for all the comments! Nick Flowers is today's winner. Q: "What's the best way to spend Labor Day?"

A: "Wear a t-shirt that says 'life' and hand out lemons on a street corner.", Cell phones make it easy to communicate with everybody except the people you're currently with., A demanding mother (Renee Zellweger) gives her new babysitter a rigorous interview., Answer this question before 5 p.m. PST today. Make us laugh. Win a Funny Or Die magic answer ball! Be sure to "Like" comments you think are funny to help us pick the winner!

"What's the best way to spend Labor Day?", Frustrated fans try something new to help their struggling soccer team score a goal., James Bond doesn't believe in YOLO. He's got his own thing., The bitter Madden feud between the Stump family and the McClacketts goes back generations., Guns don't kill people, they just put holes in your body. Holes brought you into this life & they can take you out of it., Don't take notes on these names, they won't be on the final.

It's T-Shirt Tuesday! Someone who Shares this wins a FOD shirt! It's just what you need to be the cool kid on campus., Finally! The Obama-Romney rap battle you've been waiting for., Subscribe to "The Occasional" for iPad and iPhone! The latest issue has an exclusive short film directed by Bob Odenkirk plus lots of other awesome stuff: http://bit.ly/yIRAEa, Your dad is cool, he knows all the coolest shows and he knows how to dance., "Wild Wild West" is the worst thing to happen to cowboys since assless chaps., Botched restoration of Ecce Homo fresco shocks Spain, Internet hilarity ensues., The most majestic creature known to man., Democratic Senator Todd Shelley (Christopher Cousins) reveals the Democratic Gun Control plan for America., Links are what you want. Links are what you need., Todd Akin (Creed Bratton) finally apologizes to women for his comments on legitimate rape., Thanks for all the Shares! Allen P. Williams is the winner of today's FOD hoodie and shirt. Come back soon for more stuff!, A handy flowchart to help you find out., We asked Redman to sign our wall. This is the result. http://instagr.am/p/Ouhw-UQBPM/, Cookie Monster Batman meets with Commissioner Gordon to make a very special request. 

It's Freebie Friday! Someone who Shares this wins a FOD shirt and hoodie!, Thanks for all the fill-in's! Meghan McCabe is today's winner:

"Hey! You! Get off of my LAWN AND ONTO MY FACE.", It's Fill-In Friday! Fill in the blank. One of our favorite comments wins a FOD shirt!

"Hey! You! Get off of my _____________.", Nana hasn't uttered a word in twenty two years..but that's all about to change., Everybody's least favorite musicians are finally together., Snobs and slobs duke it out in a classic battle of wits., Alternately, these new items might not surprise you at all., So many little Mitts, so little time., The world's most annoying pop-up ads have left Henry Winkler with a warehouse full of iPod nanos., Download "The Occasional" for iPad or iPhone! It's full of exclusive content from funny folks like Jenny Slate, Bob Odenkirk & Sarah Silverman.

http://bit.ly/yIRAEa, "Election season is a great time to share my controversial views on rape." -Multiple politicians, apparently, Thanks for all the comments! Edward Plada is today's winner. Q: "What's in the perfect sandwich?"

A: "Is it a legitimate sandwich or a forced sandwich? A legitimate sandwich has mechanisms in place to make itself.", Kitty is begging you to follow us on Pinterest right meow!

http://pinterest.com/funnyordie, Todd Akin's remarks about rape aren't so outrageous when you hear the other things he's said., Answer this question before 5 p.m. PST today. Make us laugh. Win a Funny Or Die magic answer ball! Be sure to "Like" comments you think are funny to help us pick the winner!

"What's in the perfect sandwich?", The rumors are true! Here's a sneak peek of the new Breaking Bad spin-off., Tim Heidecker stars in the new music video for Dinosaur Jr.'s latest track "Watch the Corners.", Impress your friends with this Hungover Games shirt & other mind blowing designs inspired by our videos you love: http://bit.ly/NyZGl8, Christopher Walken enjoying a nice lunch with Richard Belzer while some guy plays mandolin in the background. http://instagr.am/p/OmynuoQBHD/, If you want to get an abortion, Utah is the place for you., Have a problem with an illegal immigrant? The GOP's new Self Deportation Station is here to solve it.

It's T-Shirt Tuesday! Someone who Shares this wins a FOD shirt!, We lost one of the greats yesterday. Gone but not forgotten., There can be only one., Some classic Phyllis Diller standup where she talks about how fat her mother-in-law is., Childrens Hospital's Megan Mullally & Nick Kroll visit Comedy Bang Bang to get to the bottom of important issues like Emmy's and a Party Down movie., A smattering of the most unnecessary items to recently grace the Internet and the world., He's still learning to doggy paddle., Hooking up at the GOP Convention this year will be easier than ever with the new Grindr app., Links are what you want. Links are what you need., Look at these dummies. No clue where to stand. No concept of depth perception., Thanks for all the Shares! Julie Walters is the proud owner of a cozy new FOD hoodie. Come back soon for more free stuff!, Dax Shepard & Kristen Bell hire Tom Arnold as an intimacy coach to add some heat to their on-screen sex scenes.

It's Freebie Friday! Someone who Shares this wins a FOD hoodie! Just what you need in the middle of the hottest part of the year., Thanks for all the fill-in's! Ismael Cochran is today's winner:

"There's more than one way to GET A HOOKER TO LOVE YOU FOR WHO YOU ARE.", It's Fill-In Friday! Fill in the blank. One of our favorite comments wins a FOD shirt!

"There's more than one way to __________________.", Dave Mustaine claims Obama staged the Aurora shooting. He's basing his theory on the fact that he's a complete idiot., Having your pole break mid-vault is probably the scariest thing in the world., Bowling ball + trampoline + giant balloon = Internet video  http://instagr.am/p/OZr2b0wBAk/, Maybe the zombie apocalypse will just be people realizing human tastes better than chicken., An excerpt from the upcoming memoir by Walter White Jr., the breakfast loving son on Breaking Bad., F*ck Cancer wants you to know touching yourself isn't just fun, it could actually save your life. 

Show them how you touch yourself at http://TouchingOurselves.org and you could be in a FOD video!, iPhone autocorrect doesn't understand these streets., Thanks for all the comments! Sean O'Gorman is today's winner. Q: "How do you know when it's time to get a haircut?"

A: "When the curtains reach the carpet.", In case you're wondering, this is what the inside of a bowling ball looks like. http://instagr.am/p/OXTCDeQBD1/, Bunny hop!, Answer this question before 5 p.m. PST today. Make us laugh. Win a Funny Or Die magic answer ball! Be sure to "Like" comments you think are funny to help us pick the winner!

"How do you know when it's time to get a haircut?", When you film your friends golfing, you may want to stand a little further back., The commentary during this Olympic sailing event is exactly what we were all thinking., Want to buy cool shirts based on FOD videos? Of course you do! Here's where you can do it: http://bit.ly/NyZGl8, Ed Helms drew a self-portrait when he signed our wall. http://instagr.am/p/OUtaCQQBF8/, Let's take a look at Mitt's pick for VP and sort of answer any questions you may have., It's just like Planned Parenthood, but without the planning. 

It's T-Shirt Tuesday! Someone who Shares this wins a FOD shirt. It's the best thing that might happen to you today., Stop filming concerts on your cell phone. Nobody, including yourself, will ever watch it., The Occasional is our interactive digital magazine filled with more awesome stuff than mot people can handle. Not convinced it's worth a few bucks? Download the app to check out a FREE trial!

http://bit.ly/Nyw0pW, Everybody except one person crashes in the first few seconds of this Olympic BMX race., Finally! Musical Chairs is an event at the Olympics. One athlete hopes to bring the gold home to USA., Nipples on Batman's suit just barely cracks the top 10 reasons "Batman & Robin" is the worst., Mitt Romney finally has a running mate. Which means it's time for a new slogan!, Monkey shot., Silver medalist McKayla Maroney is not impressed with this meme., These are the links you have been waiting for., FOD writer/director Scott Gairdner on set with Henry Winkler. http://instagr.am/p/OPQDZFQBPT/, Only watch this if you're interested in seeing a Sasquatch slam dunk a tiny basketball., Don't deny it. You know you love her., The KFOD Local News team delivers an in-depth report on the 2012 London Olympic Games.

It's Freebie Friday! Someone who Shares this wins a poster for "The Campaign" starring Will Ferrell and Zach Galifianakis!, Thanks for all the fill-in's! Andrew Malashock is today's winner:

"The early bird gets DISQUALIFIED FOR A FALSE START.", It's Fill-In Friday! Fill in the blank. One of our favorite comments wins a FOD shirt!

"The early bird gets ____________.", Billy Eichner is on "Watch What Happens Live with Andy Cohen" tonight on Bravo alongside Meryl Streep! He's so excited that he put together this tribute video., This guy really blows it., Sir Patrick Stewart on the set of "The Olympic Ticket Scalper" in London. http://instagr.am/p/OH3wTkwBMz/, Ryan Lochte clears up any and all confusion surrounding peeing in pools., Seventeen years after he publicly announced his wishes, how has rapper Skee-Lo fared?, Sir Patrick Stewart is a ticket scalper at the grandest event of them all: The 2012 London Olympics., How are there zero Olympic athletes wearing costumes and fighting crime during the off-season?, Thanks for all the comments! S-hua B-ier is today's winner. Q: "If you were running for office, what would your campaign slogan be?"

A: "I can't break a promise if I never make any", The real stars of YouTube are the ones that leave comments., Follow us on Tumblr if you like spectacular things that make your day better.

http://funnyordie.tumblr.com, Jason Bourne has a little trouble understanding exactly what people are saying to him., Answer this question before 5 p.m. PST today. Make us laugh. Win a Funny Or Die magic answer ball! Be sure to "Like" comments you think are funny to help us pick the winner!

"If you were running for office, what would your campaign slogan be?", The cast of the Jersey Shore and MTV's Power of 12 want you to exercise your right to vote., Be careful who you fall asleep around., Is your name Bernice? Then you're going to LOVE this video!, Patrick Stewart, Ryan Lochte, Simon Pegg and Maisie Williams shooting a FOD video today in London. http://instagr.am/p/OCuWL4wBAI/, Stephan Feck completes the most painful diving fail of the 2012 Summer Olympics., Bane (Chris Kattan) gets a fresh start in the real world after that little incident in Gotham City.

It's T-Shirt Tuesday! Someone who Shares this wins a FOD shirt!, Don't take naked pictures of yourself with a cell phone unless you want every single person in the world to see them., Get the latest issue of "The Occasional" for iPad or iPhone today! It's the only e-magazine that lets you listen to Woody Allen's answering machine. 

http://bit.ly/yIRAEa, There's a reason it's called the XXX Summer Olympic Games., There's no way smoking meth is as addictive or stressful as watching Breaking Bad., Comedian Paul F. Tompkins and "Super Troopers" star/writer/director Jay Chandrasekhar stop by Comedy Bang Bang to chat., Finally, a gold medal in honesty., Lion down., Will Ferrell & Zach Galifianakis have a moderated debate with three children., Will's not alone, this news story has been rough for everyone., We designed some shirts based on FOD original videos!

Buy them, or risk being naked: http://bit.ly/NyZGl8, Thanks for all the Shares! Nancy Edwards is the winner of this bucket of chicken signed by John Goodman. Come back soon for more free stuff!, The FOD True Horseywood Story of Mitt and Anne Romney's dressage horse Rafalca.

It's Freebie Friday! Someone who Shares this wins a prop bucket of chicken from the "KFC Loves Gays" video signed by John Goodman!, Thanks for all the fill-in's! Bobby Borba is today's winner:

"If you can't beat 'em, THEN WHY DID I EVEN HAVE KIDS?", It's Fill-In Friday! Fill in the blank. One of our favorite comments wins a FOD t-shirt!

"If you can't beat 'em, _______________.", If missing your seat & falling down was an Olympic event, this coach would get the gold., Hey, broke students! Target is giving away a ton of free stuff and all you need to do for a chance to win is make a short video., John Goodman as Colonel Sanders on the set of "KFC Loves Gays" http://instagr.am/p/N115h5QBEV/, Mitt Romney seems like the kind of guy who hates Journey., Leave your Facebook open, promptly get Cage'd., Kirsten Dunst, Lizzy Caplan & Isla Fisher are your new favorite bridesmaids in this hilarious red band trailer for Bachelorette., These folks would've made our nation proud., Thanks for all the comments! Alyson Brooke is the winner of today's contest. Q: "If someone named an ice cream flavor after you, what would it be?" 

A: "Whoreo Cream", One man's lucky day turns into his worst nightmare when he comes face to face with a gigantic bee., This might be the creepiest thing you see all year., Answer this question before 5 p.m. PST today. Make us laugh. Win a Funny Or Die magic answer ball! Be sure to "Like" comments you think are funny to help us pick the winner!

"If someone named an ice cream flavor after you, what would it be?", Colonel Sanders (John Goodman) wants you to know that KFC loves gay people., Drunk guy lays on the floor and sings "Kiss From a Rose" to his cat., The most dangerous side effect of marijuana: Calling yourself Snoop Lion., Better luck next time, Detroit., You win this round, Mom., Mitt Romney (Jerry O'Connell) can't seem to remember where he put his tax returns.

It's T-Shirt Tuesday! Someone who Shares this wins a FOD shirt. It helps you get service (when worn with shoes) in most restaurants., First world problem: Living in a country that's home to some of the best Olympians. Can't watch them win on live TV because NBC is stupid., The amount of awesome butts in the Olympics should make everyone feel proud together on a global level., Here's what you can expect from NBC tonight., One brave journalist exposes the connection between the Mayan doomsday prophecy and a candy bar., For anyone who is deeply concerned about how "Spider-Man 3" is a movie that got made., This leg was made for Walken., Rant writer Charlie Hoard (Ty Burrell) is back to share the story behind his most recent rants for athletes., Contains spoilers if you aren't caught up, but why would anyone not be caught up with the world's best TV show?, Click these links if you know what's okay for you., Get the latest edition of "The Occasional" for iPad or iPhone! Play an exciting game of "F*ck, Marry, Kill" with all forms of Steve Urkel: http://bit.ly/yIRAEa, Making their nations proud, one derp face at a time., Thanks for all the Shares! Robert Britton Saunders is the winner of this towel signed by Vince Young. 

Watch "Vince Young for Towels" here if you haven't yet witnessed the glory: http://bit.ly/PTbSiL, Finally! Your weekly dose of hilarious homemade Sasquatch videos has arrived., It's safe to say Borders would still be in business if all of their displays were like these., Wrestling superstar and Olympic gold medalist Kurt Angle tries out for the 2012 team.

It's Freebie Friday! Someone who Shares this wins a towel signed by NFL quarterback Vince Young!, Thanks for all the fill-in's! David Leon is today's winner:

"Sorry, officer. I didn't realize I'm not allowed to BE MEXICAN IN ARIZONA.", It's Fill-In Friday! Fill in the blank. One of our favorite comments wins a FOD t-shirt!

"Sorry, officer. I didn't realize I'm not allowed to ______________.", Does your cat have a serious drug problem? Here's how you can tell., Whoever said, "Don't quit your day job," never thought about opening a bar. Brought to you by "Sullivan & Son" tonight at 10/9C on TBS., Cats doing people things are cute., Fun thing to say when you get on a crowded elevator: "AHHH THIS IS MY NIGHTMARE! THIS IS HOW I DIE!", Here's the deleted scenes from Martin Scorsese's Siri commercial., Dear Leader approved., Most technology problems can be fixed two ways: 1) Turn it off and on. 2) Don't be an idiot., Thanks for all the comments! Aaron Wanner is today's winner. Q: "What Olympic sport should they add this year?"

A: "Midget toss.", Follow us on Pinterest for more cuteness: http://pinterest.com/funnyordie, That's some aggressive marketing for the 8th week box office of Snow White and the Huntsman., Answer this question before 5 p.m. PST today. Make us laugh. Win a Funny Or Die magic answer ball! Be sure to "Like" comments you think are funny to help us pick the winner!

"What Olympic sport should they add this year?", This little kitten is a future world champion., Fat people wearing purple don't like it when you compliment their Grimace costume., We made some shirts inspired by our original videos! Go buy them if you want people to finally like you: http://bit.ly/NyZGl8, If there's anything Mitt can do, it's connect with the common man., Best license plate ever., We're in the midst of wedding season, guys. That means lots of drunken toasts.

It's T-Shirt Tuesday! Someone who Shares this wins a FOD shirt!, In this celebrity PSA from the future, Zach Galifianakis, Sarah Silverman, Tracy Morgan and more explain how we can end AIDS by 2015., Victoria's secret is that she has breasts and a vagina., It would be difficult to choreograph such a painful fail even if you wanted to., The new issue of our digital magazine "The Occasional" is out now for iPad and iPhone! Features exclusive content from Sarah Silverman, Tim Heidecker, Bob Odenkirk and more!

Get it: http://bit.ly/yIRAEa, That's just Soulja Boy being Soulja Boy., Mondays are the worst, so here's a kitten snuggling between boobs to make it all better., Time for another battle of dimmed wits., This could've gone better., Hyperlink Dump, if you want to get technical., James Ellroy (Author of The Black Dahlia and LA Confidential) has a few thoughts on why you should subscribe to The Occasional. 

New issue out today in the iTunes store!, Priceless reaction to a hug from George W. Bush., These so-called comedies are pretty messed up., Mr. Wizard was kind of a dick. 

It's Freebie Friday! Someone who Shares this wins a FOD Magic Answer Ball! It will turn your terrible decisions into moderately bad ones., Thanks for all the fill-in's! Nichole Kmett is today's winner:

"Don't forget to bring YOUR ANTI-DRAIN SUCKING YOUR INTERNAL ORGANS OUT OF YOUR BUTT SUIT to the pool party!", It's Fill-In Friday! Fill in the blank. One of our favorite comments wins a FOD t-shirt!

"Don't forget to bring __________________ to the pool party!", IS IT TIME FOR BATMAN YET??!?!?, Terrorists plot to blow up every mall in The Middle East, except for the one with a Chick-fil-A., This dog sits like people!, We're not sure of the identities behind these folks. We just know Gotham is safe., Every 3D movie trailer is exactly the same., The Internet is down at the office so we're just wandering the streets looking for cats, boobs & free music., A bunch of drunk German soccer fans cheer for a woman as she tries to parallel park., Thanks for all the comments! Eros Heyrman is today's winner. Q: "Why would opening a bar be better than your day job?"

A: "It would help me cut back on the drinking."

BONUS QUESTION: "If there was a drink named after you, what would it be called?”

Someone who answers wins a FOD hoodie!, Craig Robinson takes on Nick Offerman in the ultimate stare down., "The Black Knight Rises" looks like the best Martin Lawrence movie ever., Answer this question before 5 p.m. PST today. Make us laugh. Win a Funny Or Die magic answer ball! Be sure to "Like" comments you think are funny to help us pick the winner!

"Why would opening a bar be better than your day job?", Maybe Batman isn't as great as he seems., This is just a good video of some cute pandas on a slide., We made some really cool shirts inspired by our videos! Get 'em while they're hot: http://bit.ly/NyZGl8, This is the first thing you see when you walk into our office., Don't do it, Scar!, Jesse Tyler Ferguson stirs up controversy as the GOP's first openly redheaded candidate.

It's T-Shirt Tuesday! Someone who Shares this wins a FOD shirt! It's like the shirts you already own except it looks nice and doesn't smell., Yeah, bitch! Spinoffs!, SPOILER ALERT: Only click this if you want to see the leaked ending to "The Dark Knight Rises.", Happy Birthday Will Ferrell!, Bad sci-fi, even worse action, and the stellar acting combo of Sylvester Stallone and Rob Schneider highlight this 1995 masterpiece., There's so much you can find on Craigslist: furniture, job listings and completely insane people., Every year there are religious protesters outside of Comic-Con. These folks made their own signs and joined them., Four intellectuals debate the serious issues while stoned out of their minds., Do you have an iPad? Subscribe to The Occasional! It's our interactive digital magazine and it's pretty fantastic., Just what you always wanted., Comic-Con: Cuter than a speeding bullet., Hey, Comic-Con! Tim and Eric are taking a family photo today, and they want YOU in it! 5 p.m. at Children’s Park in San Diego. Be there., Don't mess with these guys, they carry flashlights., Kids love dinosaurs and can be inquisitive. This might be useful to a parent., A wounded cop asks his partner to tell his wife and kids a few things.

It's Freebie Friday! Someone who Shares this wins a FOD hoodie!, Thanks for all the fill-in's! Joe Geiermann is today's winner:

"You don't really know somebody until you HAVE SEX WITH A MIDGET in their shoes.", It's Fill-In Friday! Fill in the blank. One of our favorite comments wins a FOD t-shirt!

"You don't really know somebody until you ______________________ in their shoes.", Melissa Rauch (The Big Bang Theory) is joined by Wil Wheaton and Winnie Cooper in her country music video debut., Just got to Comic-Con! So far, this guy has the best costume., Steve was having another predictable day at the office until he drank a beer for lunch., Neil deGrasse Tyson continues to be the best., They say a picture says a thousand words. This pic says one: Irony., There's a disgusting story behind every couch on the sidewalk., Christopher Nolan picked some unusual source material for the final Dark Knight movie., Patton Oswalt fondly recalls one of the worst nights he ever had performing stand-up., Thanks for all the comments! Emily Herndon is today's winner. Q: "What will be the best costume this week at Comic-Con?"

A: "The sun, since most of those folks have never seen it.", We have a Tumblr! It might not be the best thing in the world, but it's easily top 20.

http://funnyordie.tumblr.com, Reporter maintains her composure while being attacked by a cat on live TV., Answer this question before 5 p.m. PST today. Make us laugh. Win a Funny Or Die magic answer ball! Be sure to "Like" comments you think are funny to help us pick the winner!

"What will be the best costume this week at Comic-Con?", A helpful flowchart to get your ready for the new season of Breaking Bad., A couple decides to do some sexy "Game of Thrones" roleplaying., Can you differentiate the world's best baseball players from random insurance/real estate agents?, Taking you back to when cell phones were for calling people., Dave Franco and Chris Mintz-Plasse profess their hot love for each other one more time.

It's T-Shirt Tuesday! Someone who Shares this wins a FOD shirt! Then you can be as hot as these two., Jose Canseco made an Old Milwaukee ad that only aired in Kansas City. It's a real home run., There's a big difference between how you want your inbox to look & how it actually looks., It's an all star episode of Comedy Bang Bang complete with Harris Wittels, Adam Scott and Chelsea Peretti!, Monday doesn't always have to be such a dick about it., Princess Leia Jr., Christopher McDonald assures you there's no reason to fear unmanned drones. Unless they're blowing you up., You should click these links if you know what's good for you., Subscribe to "The Occasional" for iPad! The latest edition lets you create your own political scandal.

http://bit.ly/yIRAEa, Bono + Cher = Boner, This cat scares itself when it looks in the mirror. Such noble creatures. So much like us., The Miller Lite Punch Top can is the only can that respects your desire to open a beer with a house key or paintbrush., All the news that's unfit to print., We have an adorable talking Ted doll in our office.

It's Freebie Friday! Head over to our Twitter page right now for a chance to win him! http://twitter.com/funnyordie, Thanks for all the fill-in's! Nichole Kmett is today's winner:

"Can't wait to PUT A MAGNUM CONDOM ON A MAGNUM ICE CREAM BAR this weekend.", It's Fill-In Friday! Fill in the blank. One of our favorite comments wins a FOD t-shirt!

"Can't wait to ________________ this weekend.", Someone made a version of Katy Perry's 3D movie just for dads., He needs a spotter., Just some help to get you through the summer., Basically what the title says., Suck it, Trebek., Please do not post your cell phone picture of fireworks. Nobody cares., America may be a nation politically divided, but we can all still agree that alcohol, burgers & explosions are the best. Happy 4th of July!, He needs some Spidey cents., This could've gone better., Nina Dobrev (Vampire Diaries) and Nick Braun drop a new summer jam all about sunscreen. 

It's T-Shirt Tuesday! Someone who Shares this wins a FOD shirt!, This was not shocking., "Guess Who?" is the latest board game to get adapted to the big screen. Check out the trailer., Tomorrow is basically Friday. God bless America., Legendary singer Tony Clifton joins Ben Schwartz on this week's Comedy Bang Bang., This is what an 8 y/o boy's YouTube search history looks like., "Dude! You're getting...a Mac?", Denis Leary has a new song about being an American. Don't like it? Then please refer to the title., Someone cut together all the TV censored swears from "Bad Boys 2" and it's motherlovin' awesome., Plus a giant Shaq. Or a normal-sized Shaq. Not really sure., Subscribe to "The Occasional" for iPad today! It's the latest and greatest in interactive magazine technology.

http://bit.ly/yIRAEa, An 18 y/o babysitter discovers she's taking care of a 27 y/o slacker., Conan sent Billy Eichner to Israel to report on the start of Madonna's tour., We let Seth MacFarlane take control of our twitter account to answer your questions. These are some of the highlights., "Obama care." -The Hulk giving an impassioned speech at an Obama fundraising dinner he hosted, Let's break this down. Full disclosure: This guy has no idea what he's talking about., The phenomenon where women divorce their husbands and break up with their boyfriends after seeing Magic Mike.

It's Freebie Friday! Someone who Shares this wins a FOD magic answer ball! Use it to vaguely predict the future., Thanks for all the fill-in's! Peter Whittlesey is today's winner:

"I love the smell of THE AFTERNOON in the morning.", It's Fill-In Friday! Fill in the blank. One of our favorite comments wins a FOD t-shirt!

"I love the smell of _____________ in the morning.", These cookies are fabulous., Joey Gladstone, Kimmy Gibbler, Mr. Woodchuck & Comet the dog get together for a photo with their two biggest fans., Follow us on Pinterest. It's in your best interest.

Someone who Shares this wins a FOD hoodie!

http://pinterest.com/funnyordie, Can't wait to see The Amazing Spider-Man? These guys made their own version that you can watch today., A little something for the ladies., Naps are wasted on children with no responsibilities to avoid., Thanks for all the comments! Rafael Villaverde is today's winner. Q: "How are you going to celebrate this 4th of July?"

A: "Drink Mexican beer, cook some German sausages on Chinese grill and watch my Korean flat-screen.", Seth MacFarlane has taken over our twitter account to talk to you RIGHT NOW! Tweet questions for him @ funnyordie and read all of his responses here: http://bit.ly/GTDAUn, The Miller Lite Punch Top can: because sometimes you want to use a trophy or a lighter to open your beer., Answer this question before 5 p.m. PST today. Make us laugh. Win a Funny Or Die magic answer ball! Be sure to "Like" comments you think are funny to help us pick the winner!

"How are you going to celebrate the 4th of July this year?", Hey, guys! Seth MacFarlane from "Family Guy" and "Ted" is taking over our twitter acct at 4pm PST today to talk to you and answer your questions! Prepare your inquiries., Two of the worst people ever sit down for lunch., Clearly the most exciting thing to ever happen to golf., A good troll is hard to fine., Season one of "Billy On The Street" w/ Billy Eichner is now available on iTunes & the first ep is free! Buy it immediately., The sign at the freeway onramp that says "no pedestrians" is talking to some crazy mofos., Photos from the set of "Prometheus 2: Brometheus" have leaked online.

It's T-Shirt Tuesday! Someone who Shares this wins a FOD shirt! We'd give you one with a collar, but we know you'd just go and pop it., Uncle Joey and Kimmy Gibbler from "Full House" reunite to drop some mind-blowing news., A sexy music video that takes place inside the mind of a 12 year-old boy., Things are usually awful, but sometimes they're not., Take a (restricted) look behind the scenes of Ted (The Movie) to see how Seth MacFarlane created Ted., "Godzilla" the movie is the biggest disaster to ever hit US soil., Burritos are the pinnacle of human invention., Double decker adorableness., Guy Talk is back with another episode of real guys talking about real guy stuff., Just us giving back to the internet., Subscribe to "The Occasional" for iPad today! The latest issue features a helpful guide to saying something mildly racist.

http://bit.ly/y0pxIZ, One of the world's funniest comedians decides to give back to his fans., Okay, we get it, women love yogurt., "Undroppable" is a powerful new documentary produced by Adam McKay about high school dropout rates. Here's a clip., Always amazing how quickly 8 beers turns a cell phone into Adult Friend Finder., You've seen the Tupac hologram. Now check out the Obama hologram.

It's Freebie Friday! Someone who Shares this wins a FOD hoodie! Stay warm and look cool at the same time., Thanks for all the fill-in's! Edward Cohen is today's winner:

"LeBron James is spending today CELEBRATING WITH HIS MIAMI TEAMMATES WHO MADE THE WIN POSSIBLE: THE REFEREES.", It's Fill-In Friday! Fill in the blank. One of our favorite comments wins a FOD t-shirt!

"LeBron James is spending today ______________.", LeBron James is a name with a ring to it., This duck decides to chase someone down because this duck is amazing and it can., It's nice Steve Martin takes time out of his day to write very personal letters to fans., Woody Allen's new movie captures the hilarious predicament of not being able to enjoy Europe to the fullest., Does anyone know if "Madagascar 3" has rainbow colored wigs? Kind of a deal breaker. Wish the advertising was more clear on the issue., These sequels to "Abraham Lincoln: Vampire Hunter" look amazing., Thanks for all the Shares! Jenna Shirely is the winner of all that gum. Don't chew it all in one place!, Thanks for all the comments! Nichole Kmett is today's winner. Q: "What's the best way to stay cool on a hot Summer day?"

A: "Definitely NOT milk. Milk was a bad choice.", We were bored, so we built a fort out of boxes of Trident gum. Someone who Shares this wins half of this gum!, The police give this little guy a ruff time., This raises more questions than it answers., Answer this question before 5 p.m. PST today. Make us laugh. Win a Funny Or Die magic answer ball! Be sure to "Like" comments you think are funny to help us pick the winner!

"What's the best way to stay cool on a hot Summer day?", Lizzy Caplan & Jake Johnson sneak into Rob Riggle & Kathryn Hahn's bed to have sex while they're on vacation., Pretty good chance all of these guys are in the running., If you don't pretend to use the force to open automatic doors, you're wasting your time on earth., Gunther from "Friends" should've had his own show., That's gotta hurt.

It's T-Shirt Tuesday! Someone who Shares this wins a FOD shirt! It's like the one you're wearing now, except not covered in crumbs and wine stains., Cousin Ben (Jason Schwartzman) holds a special screening of "Moonrise Kingdom" for his troops., High speed police chase ends with man telling local news, "I did it because I got swag.", Between bath salts and "Call Me Maybe" the whole world has lost its damn mind., It looks like Terry Richardson isn't the sketchiest fashion photographer in town anymore., Comedy Bang Bang gets a very special guest when Mark from "Burning Love" stops by with two of his lovely lady suitors., This girl is going places., Nick Offerman challenges Craig Robinson to a battle of song., Three orphans hold auditions for a new dad., Happy Condom Appreciation Day!, Your day just got more adorable., Think you're safe from Rick Hunger in your yoga class? Think again., How cute! Baby's first fail!

It's Freebie Friday! Someone who Shares this wins a copy of "The Wire: The Musical" script signed by Michael Kenneth Williams, Faizon Love and Sonja Sohn!, Thanks for all the fill-in's! Shannon Burge is today's winner:

"Don't FART on my leg and tell me it's DUBSTEP.", It's Fill-In Friday! Fill in the blank. One of our favorite comments wins a FOD t-shirt!

"Don't __________ on my leg and tell me it's _____________.", Let the battle for being adorable begin!, These are either mistakes made by idiots or pranks created by geniuses., A person who drives like an asshole usually is one., The Darkness bought "The Scream" painting for 120 million dollars...just so they could take a giant shite all over it., Happy Flag Day! Learn about the history of flags from Fred Willard., Angry women head to facebook to tell GOP senators how they feel about the Paycheck Fairness Act., We have a Tumblr! Follow us on there if you're interested in having fun and enjoying life.

http://funnyordie.tumblr.com, He's our generation's Craig Sager., Tom Brady's biggest fan gets a little creepy on the set of his Funny Or Die video., Synchronized swimmers are old news. Synchronized kittens are where it's at., High school is mostly learning how to deal with unwanted boners at awkward times. True for both sexes., The Fame Makers meet up with the Stanley Cup winning LA Kings to show them the tricks on how to be famous., Alex Mack is back! Larisa Oleynik stops by a new late night talk show hosted by two drunk girls in their living room.

It's T-Shirt Tuesday! Someone who Shares this wins a FOD shirt!, Signs of greatness., When Dan (Mad Men’s Ben Feldman) meets his girlfriend’s friends, he tries his hardest to fit in, People need to relax with unnecessary exclamation marks in emails!!! (<--- appropriate use of exclamation marks.), "Speed 2" is a movie that removes all the good thing about "Speed" then puts what's left on a boat., A shocking list reveals the things cats don't want you to know., "Does this mirror make me look fat?", Rufus Wainwright's new concert features the greatest music ever written: songs from chewing gum commercials!, Subscribe to "The Occasional" on iPad today! It's the only place you can experience Robert Ben Garant's acid trip., These links are the only thing you'll ever really need to click., People who bring their babies to Vegas don't deserve babies or Vegas., Just one day left to join us on Team INSPI(RED)! Play video games for a good cause and help end AIDS., There's a reason women don't fart., Check out this full episode of "Comedy Bang! Bang!" with Amy Poehler before it airs tonight on IFC!, Because people in Vegas needed another excuse to rage for 3 days straight., Thanks for all the fill-in's! Tommy Cleek is today's winner:

"You can lead a horse to water but you can't WIN THIS CONTEST WITHOUT MENTIONING SCREWING THE HORSE.", It's Fill-In Friday! Fill in the blank. One of our favorite comments wins a FOD t-shirt!

"You can lead a horse to water but you can't _____________________.", Just a few days left to join us on Team INSPI(RED) and play video games to help end AIDS., Four stars., Jon Lajoie delivers a catchy new tune about a boy and his tennis ball., A helpful guide to what type of armpit your face will be nuzzled in at the next musical festival., Can't get enough of The Wire: The Musical? Here are some bonus scenes., A hacker recently tapped into Mitt Romney's old Hotmail account Here's a snapshot of what he found., Pat O'Brien invites fashionista Bebe Dubbs to comment on the latest trends in professional basketball., Josh Fadem wrestles with textile dysfunction in this stirring psychodrama., Thanks for all the comments! Zack Puglisi is today's winner. Q: "What should you do if you look down and notice you're on fire?" 

A: "Go find and ask somebody,'Do these pants make me look hot?'", There's little else in this world as enjoyable as a good romantic comedy., Click this, join us on team INSPI(RED) then play video games to help end AIDS., Using statistics to watch a human being implode., Answer this question before 5 p.m. PST today. Make us laugh. Win a Funny Or Die magic answer ball! Be sure to "Like" comments you think are funny to help us pick the winner!

"What should you do if you look down and notice you're on fire?", A hot girl who actually plays video games?!? Believe it!, President Obama and Mitt Romney go toe-to-toe in the boxing ring. There's singing, too!, Check out these videos starring NHL legends Jeremy Roenick and Mike Modano honoring the best part of the playoffs: the beards., The KFOD News Team investigates the tomfoolery behind rising gas prices., E3 is the only place in the world where beautiful women shout the words "beta key.", Yeah, nothing worked and everything was terrible. And that's why they were great. , Michael Kenneth Williams stars in this small stage adaptation of everyone's favorite TV show.

It's T-Shirt Tuesday! Someone who Shares this wins a FOD shirt!, This poster is the one that knocks., This teaser for "Comedy Bang Bang" on IFC has Jon Hamm, Zach Galifianakis, Will Arnett, Jack Black, Seth Rogen & a ton of other amazing funny people., There's a thin line between talking to yourself and arguing with an idiot., Write your best caption for this picture and we'll send one of you a FOD magic answer ball!, The most impressive beer passing trick shots you'll see all day., Johnny Depp and the Black Keys for president., Just click these links. You know you want to., Subscribe to "The Occasional" today! It's our interactive iPad magazine that you can't live without. Get the latest issue to find out about the legend of Nick Offerman., "I'm taking a year off to travel." = “I just found a coke hookup in Denmark, so I’m gonna chill there until my trust fund kicks in.”, TGIF!, f'real milkshakes wants to give you the day off to drink shakes & star in a FOD video!, Thanks for all the Shares! Megan Griffin is the winner of a custom birthday card from T.J. Miller! SURPRISE BONUS: She also won this "Community" poster signed by Ken Jeong!, A delightful new short from T.J. Miller about something we can all relate to.

It's Freebie Friday! Someone who Shares this wins a birthday card signed by T.J. Miler!, Thanks for all the fill-in's! Spencer Tomecko is today's winner:

"There's no business like ZOMBIE BUSINESS. DUH, NO BRAINER.", It's Fill-In Friday! Fill in the blank. One of our favorite comments wins a FOD t-shirt!

"There's no business like __________________.", Day 1: Learn how to say "Does he look like a bitch?", Wes Anderson and Bill Murray are the white Snoop and Dre., Cat + acrobat = catcrobat, No idea why these were retired. , What exactly is this 'Game of Thrones' everyone is talking about?, Bath salts = face seasoning, Thanks for all the Shares! Dawn Oliveira is the winner of today's comment contest! Q: "What's the most anticipated video game at E3?"

A: "Battleship: The Movie: The Game", Take a look at the making of the greatest film of all time., We're on pinterest and we're posting some seriously amazing stuff! What kind of stuff? Guess you'll just have to follow us to find out.

http://pinterest.com/funnyordie

, Amercia is certainly with Mitt. , Answer this question before 5 p.m. PST today. Make us laugh. Win a Funny Or Die magic answer ball! Be sure to "Like" comments you think are funny to help us pick the winner!

"What's the most anticipated video game at E3?", This doesn't end well., This is some mighty fine work, Lou., Pixar just released their newest ad from their partnership with Cialis. It's a little weird.
, This wasn't necessary, but we're glad it happened., Instagramification: (noun) The feeling of satisfaction when you're the first in a group of friends to Instagram something., Tom Brady can't go anywhere these days without getting recognized...as someone from Boston. 

It's T-Shirt Tuesday! Someone who Shares this wins a FOD shirt!, You've seen American Idol and The Voice. Now it's time to find America's next celebrity judge of musicians!, Links!, "The Occasional" isn't just our interactive iPad magazine. It's also the best thing in the world. Subscribe now!, This dog is ready for Memorial Day., This might explain why Nicolas Cage never seems to age., Too high to math., Thanks for all the fill-in's! Michael Jesus Pryor is today's winner: "Can't wait to spend Memorial Day doing SOME MANSCAPING. FULL BUSH AFTER MAY IS JUST TACKY.", It's Fill-In Friday! Fill in the blank. One of our favorite comments wins a FOD t-shirt!

"Can't wait to spend Memorial Day doing __________________.", Celebrity masseuses tell their John Travolta survival stories. , Thanks for all the Shares! Karina Fernandez won the paint swatch signed by Selena Gomez and Nick Kroll! We hope you frame it and put it someplace nice., Alternate title: Why Cats and Rihanna Are The Best., It's a special Thursday edition of Freebie Friday!

Someone who Shares this wins a paint swatch from "Fifty Shades of Blue" that was signed (and chewed) by Selena Gomez! Also signed (but not chewed) by Nick Kroll., A behind the scenes look at "Fifty Shades of Blue" with Selena Gomez and Nick Kroll., The snooze button is man's worst best friend., Hopefully we're all as happy as this cat someday. , Thanks for all the comments! Brittany Woolford is today's winner. Q: "If you could have one superpower, what would it be?"

A: "To grow or shrink my boobs on command, depending on who's conducting the job interview.", It takes a special kind of person to review a strip club on Yelp., Boomshakalaka!, You may not have this infectious virus yet; but you will., This dog is the Lance Armstrong of dogs who ride bicycles. , Thanks for all the Shares! Tako Sukoshi Lyshytsky is the winner of today's FOD shirt. We hope he wears it often and keeps it mostly stain free., Fun new term for two hours of explosive diarrhea = "taking a Battleship", The Facebook founder got married this weekend. So what do you get the man that has everything?

It's T-Shirt Tuesday! Someone who Shares this wins a FOD shirt!, Selena Gomez falls madly in love when a mysterious painter shows up at her house., Thanks for all the Shares! Sean Warhurst is the winner of yesterday's FOD magic answer ball. Come back soon for more stuff!, Hopefully some insight to the upcoming Hulk sequels, Must stop crying. Must stop crying. , Watch the Webby Awards hosted by Patton Oswalt LIVE right now! We've been told we're nominated for things. , Internet expert Patton Oswalt takes a look back at important FIRST's throughout history., Ron Burgundy and the Channel 4 News Team are back!, Larry King shows us his ultimate dubstep video., Subscribe to our life-changing interactive iPad magazine: The Occasional! The latest issue has a guide to giving your man the sexiest Flag Day of his life.

Someone who Shares this wins a FOD magic answer ball!, Telling someone they look great lately is about as nice as telling someone they looked like shit recently., An email conversation between the Avengers and Nick Fury in which they collectively agree that Hawkeye shouldn't be included in their superhero team., Thanks for all the Shares! Chris Hancock won today's magic answer ball. Come back soon! We love giving our stuff to you., Having a father as sexy as Dave Foley is a blessing and a curse.

It's Freebie Friday! Someone who Shares this wins a FOD magic answer ball!, Thanks for all the fill-in's! Tim Ross is today's winner:

"Excuse me, waiter- there's a REFLECTION OF A HANDSOME GENTLEMAN in my soup.", It's Fill-In Friday! Fill in the blank. One of our favorite comments wins a FOD t-shirt!

"Excuse me, waiter- there's a _______________ in my soup.", You need to be able to decode texts if you want to date in 2012. Example: winking smiley face = anal sex enthusiast., Will Ferrell and Zach Galifianakis. That should be enough for you people., Gary Busey signed our wall. This is what he wrote next to his name., This list is most likely to be awesome., Craig Robinson asks Nick Offerman what he would do to secure a Cubs World Series win., One of the original Internet trolls shares some of his trolling secrets., The trailer for the latest board game movie looks pretty cool. , Here it is. You may now return to your glass case of emotion. , Would you follow us off a bridge? Of course not. Don't be ridiculous. But you would definitely follow us on tumblr, right?

http://funnyordie.tumblr.com
, Reggie Watts would like to perform his new dubstep track for you., Thanks for all the Shares! Shane Kelly is the winner of today's T-Shirt Tuesday. Come back soon! Our clothes can be your clothes., You don't want hunger to strike in the middle of your big presentation., The economy is facing its biggest crisis yet: The Avengers took all the money., It's already time to buy your ticket for the best party of next year., Patton Oswalt investigates the history of the "first." Internet commenting phenomenon.

It's T-Shirt Tuesday! Someone who Shares this wins a FOD shirt! , The Internet thrives off negativity like the pink slime in Ghostbusters 2., Thanks for all the Shares! Jacob Lucas is the winner of the Magic Answer Ball. Come back soon for more stuff!, If you like television, you'll love this week's episode of Comedy Bang Bang!, Nick Offerman is on the latest cover of our iPad magazine! Subscribe to "The Occasional" immediately or risk becoming totally irrelevant: http://bit.ly/yIRAEa

(Someone who Shares this wins a FOD magic answer ball!), Feels like he's done this show before. , Clip Cup, everyone's favorite clip show, hit the road for a live college tour! , Mothers Day gives us a chance to reflect on some of the special mothers in our lives., Weekend links are the best links. , Did you know if you say "Reggie Watts" 300 times, he magically appears in front of you sitting like this?, Tim & Eric's Billion Dollar Movie is out now on DVD & Blu-ray!, Thanks for all the Shares! Amber Campbell is the winner of this shirt worn and signed by Kris Humphries,, Kris Humphries meets with his new management team for a douchebag makeover.

It's Freebie Friday! Someone who Shares this wins the shirt Kris Humphries wears in this video signed by Kris Humphries!, Thanks for all the fill-in's! Dave Needham is today's winner:

"Oh. My. God. Beck, look at her BREAST FEEDING 4 YEAR OLD.", It's Fill-In Friday! Fill in the blank. One of our favorite comments wins a FOD t-shirt!

"Oh. My. God. Becky, look at her ______________.", The fourth installment in a series examining word for word posts from Craigslist., Not sure why they didn't go with this one., We're spending today in a park w/ Larry King! It's exactly as amazing as it sounds. , Don't worry about that slap. It's just Rob Riggle having your back. , We are working with Got Your 6 to support military veterans and their families returning home & getting back into the workforce! Watch the live press conference, Obama is on fire. He just announced, "Tim Burton and Johnny Depp need to cut it out. We get it. Nobody wants it. That's enough, you two.", Chick-Fil-A is finally open on Sundays!

, Miles, Blake and Nick sample the popular beverage known as the Skinny Girl Margarita., Your first sexual experience is one of them., This is a good example of how to not drink beers quickly., Thanks for all the Shares! Daniel Lamberth is the winner of today's T-Shirt Tuesday! Come back soon for more free goodies., Maurice Sendak was an awesome kid's book author. Why? Because he came up with some severely messed up lessons for children. , Jooey Deschanel, Zooey Deschanel's brother, also has a Siri iPhone ad., Travolta's lawyer should use the "It was Nic Cage in a John Travolta mask" defense., As you may have guessed, SPOILERS ahead. Not just of the movie, but of how you will feel when watching it.   , Tenacious D & Danny McBride join forces to bring you a video for "The Roadie" that will rock your face off.

It's T-Shirt Tuesday! Someone who Shares this wins a FOD shirt!, Oops!, Kanye recently took to Twitter to tell us about the fashion choices he hates. Here's a helpful guide., The movie so bad that not even a French Peter Dinklage in cornrows can save it., The Avengers is the most successful shawarma commercial in history., Kate Beckinsale, Judy Greer and Andrea Savage "spread" the message that the one thing women really want in their vagina is the government., We have an iPad magazine called "The Occasional" filled with celebrity interviews, exclusive videos and life changing experiences. Get it today! 

http://bit.ly/yIRAEa, Check-in to tonight's Between Two Ferns Comedy Central Special for this limited time GetGlue sticker!

, A dad is asking people to donate jokes to his son battling cancer. Take a minute out of your day and lift this kid's spirits., Finally! The music video for Brian McKnight's "If Ur Ready to Learn (How Your P*ssy Works)" has arrived!, Thanks for all the Shares! Carri Glenn Andreshak is the winner of a script signed by the whole cast of the West Wing Reunion video!, Going to Target is a real drag for this kid.

It's Freebie Friday! Someone who Shares this wins a copy of the "Walk & Talk: West Wing Reunion" video signed by Martin Sheen and the whole cast!, Thanks for the fill-in's! Jake Butcher is today's winner:

"Don't want someone to sit next to you on the bus? Easy. Just STOP MASTURBATING FOR A MOMENT TO ASK THEM FOR A HELPING HAND.", It's Fill-In Friday! Fill in the blank. One of our favorite comments wins a FOD t-shirt!

"Don't want someone to sit next to you on the bus? Easy. Just _________________.", Wish you were beer., Zach talks to Richard Branson about his wealth in this clip from the Between Two Ferns special on Comedy Central.

Watch the full thing this Sunday at 8:30/7:30c followed immediately by The Comedy Awards!, Just show us the nanny's face already., Need help hanging out with black people? Then this product is for you!, "k" is the shortest way to spell "F*ck you.", This video is strangely enjoyable to watch. It's also a lot of fun just to click to various points in it and watch it progress quickly., Zach Galifianakis talks to Jon Stewart in this clip from the "Between Two Ferns: A Fairytale of New York" special!

Watch the full thing on May 6th at 8:30/7:30c on Comedy Central right before The Comedy Awards., Do you like us? WHY DON'T YOU MARRY US?!? At least follow us on Tumblr. 

http://funnyordie.tumblr.com
, Scumbag Steve is the only person who wouldn't love this art. , Well, it's official. Hollywood is out of ideas., Join more than a million students around the world on Friday by standing up to bullying., There may be a few remaining bugs in the newest version of the iOS., Chris Brown is set to release a collectible line of toys. Here's a sneak peek at some classics he should re-release.     , Proof marijuana does not make you lazy: just saw someone drive 40 min round trip to buy Klondike Bar Chaco Tacos after seeing a commercial., Martin Sheen and the whole West Wing cast reunites to deliver an important message about walking., Vote on your favorite video. The winner goes on the Funny Or Die homepage!

http://r.FunnyOrDie.com/epoix, Just a friendly reminder., "Cool as Ice" reminds us that the only thing worse than listening to Vanilla Ice is watching him. , This is the future, better get used to it., Since 2008, George W. Bush's acting career has really taken off., Thanks for all the Shares! Jason Sears is the winner of today's FOD shirt. Come back soon for more things! You need more things! LIfe is pointless without them!, Subscribe to our mind blowing interactive iPad magazine: The Occasional! It's the most fun you can have on the subway without getting arrested.

Someone who Shares this wins a FOD shirt!, It's not unusual to watch this video at anytime., If you could click these links, we'll sock three dingers in tonight's game. Whatever that means. , Thanks for all the Shares! Ginger Jenks Warrick is the winner of this very sweet cup signed by Rowdy Roddy Piper. Come back soon for more stuff!, We're shooting today with Tom Brady! He brought his clone to set., Hey, Austin Tx! Buy tickets to our shows tonight & tomorrow at the Moontower Comedy festival!

It's Freebie Friday! Someone who Shares this wins a Big Gulp cup signed by Rowdy Roddy Piper! , Thanks for all the fill-in's! Sara 'Dave Brick' Nightingale is today's winner:

"What do you mean I can't BREAST FEED MY GOLDFISH here?", It's Fill-In Friday! Fill in the blank. One of our favorite comments wins a FOD t-shirt!

"What do you mean I can't ___________________ here?", One of the best videobombs in videobomb history., Arguing on facebook is like taking your time and setting it on fire., Just finished shooting with Selena Gomez! Brace yourselves for the best video of all time., Funny Or Die is on Pinterest! Are you? Follow us, and let's hang out!

http://pinterest.com/funnyordie
, Susan Sarandon endorses a new product that helps women get the respect they deserve. , Kinda surprising Party City is such a boring place to hang out., If this pug can find time to hit the treadmill, you probably can too., Some guy did something awesome on TV last night. , It's the last day to vote for us to win the Best Humor Website Webby! Vote for us! Come on, all the cool kids are doing it. You're cool, right?, They could also use a punch in the stomach while we're at it. , Ed Helms is live on video stream answering your questions right now! Go check it out and get involved! Tweet new questions @ funnyordie and they might get answered. , The Sons are back this fall and more rambunctious than ever., First Dates with Toby Harris is a journey of ill-fated first dates with the lovable (sometimes deplorable) and always single Toby Harris. Love him or hate him, a date with Toby is one you’ll always remember., Thanks for all the Shares! Jerrod Looft is the winner of today's T-Shirt Tuesday. Come on back real soon for more free stuff!, FOD Live with Ed Helms!

We're hosting a live Q&A with Ed Helms tomorrow at 12 p.m. PST! Leave questions for Ed in the comments below! 

http://bit.ly/I9exUe, You wouldn't like him when he's Ruffalo., One lucky reporter heads to the polling station to find out who everyone is voting for.
 
It's T-Shirt Tuesday! Someone who Shares this wins a FOD shirt. Life is more than worldly possessions, but these shirts are pretty sweet., This is what "The Avengers" would look like if it was made on a budget of $20., We have two videos nominated for the Best Long Form Comedy Webby! Vote for Drunk History Christmas or Kenny Powers! Or buy two computers and vote for both! , There are lots of terrible ways to spend your time. Listening to this interview with Patton Oswalt is not one of them., New York City is still the best place to check out museums, theater or a homeless guy holding his dick in broad daylight., Just one more thing about that Tupac hologram. , Ed Helms seems like a friendly banjo player, but what lies beneath will shock and terrify you., Amy Smart & Sarah Hyland would like to remind you not to f*ck with Mother Nature., We're nominated for the Best Humor Website Webby Award! Vote for us! You know we're your favorite. Don't try to run from the truth., Subscribe to our amazing new interactive iPad magazine: The Occasional! The first issue has an exclusive Between Two Ferns with Zach Galifianakis. Imagine what the next issue will have!

http://bit.ly/yIRAEa, Click them so we can all move on to the next link dump., Dear Cracker Jack: The prizes in your bag aren't prizes anymore. They're tiny pieces of paper that say, "Go fuck yourself.", It's the most wonderful time of the year!
, This is a great read, but you're probably too high to know what words are., Watch Jason Segel in the hilarious new restricted trailer for Nicholass Stoller & Judd Apatow’s "The Five-Year Engagement.", Thanks for all the Shares! Vaughan Fletcher is the winner of today's Freebie Friday. Wear this signed towel in good health!, This is what happens when your grandma takes shrooms.

It's Freebie Friday! Someone who Shares this wins a towel signed by NFL quarterback Vince Young. , Thanks for all the fill-in's! Benn Krasa is today's winner:

"You have nothing to SMOKE but WEED itself.", It's Fill-In Friday! Fill in the blank. One of our favorite comments wins a FOD t-shirt!

"You have nothing to _______________ but ___________ itself.", This is going to be Chris Brown's biggest hit yet!, Let's all hope Mel Gibson can resolve his issues with his writer and get started on production of "10 Things I Hate About Jews.", The season finale of "Number One Chef" has the top cooks facing off on the bagel battlefield., Three of our videos got nominated for the Best Individual Performance Webby! Will Ferrell as George W. Bush! Don Cheadle as Captain Planet! Billy Crystal as a vampire! Which one are you going to vote for?, (Description redacted due to poster's fear of having a spelling mistake), There can be only one!, He's still got it., Tupac's hologram at Coachella was pretty crazy, but what he said was even more nuts., Robert Calderon is the winner of today's comment contest! Q: "What is the meaning of life?"

A: "To get famous,die then come back as a hologram.", Did you start your morning on the right foot? Rachael Harris did with Florida orange juice., Follow Funny or Die on twitter! Or don't. Your call, man.
, Gotham City's most eligible bachelor is looking for a partner to fight loneliness. , Answer this question before 5 p.m. PST today. Make us laugh. Win a Funny Or Die magic answer ball! Be sure to "Like" comments you think are funny to help us pick the winner!

"What is the meaning of life?", Everyone's favorite 90s educational show is back! And this time, PBS decided it should be a bit more edgy..., A song about what it's like to be not that old but not that young.
, Thanks for all the Shares! Katie Luna is the winner of today's T-Shirt Tuesday. Come back soon for more free stuff!, Click this link. Right meow., At least Ted Nugent didn't threaten to make any new music., Go get Aziz's standup special at http://azizansari.com!

It's T-Shirt Tuesday! Someone who Shares this wins the best shirt in the world. Actually, they just win one of ours. They're pretty good, though., Once you look at this, you might have a hard time looking away., Help us, Dr. Dre. You're our only hope., The greatest trick Tupac ever pulled is convincing the world that hologram technology is that advanced., null, Eddie Murphy is a very talented actor who has been in some hilarious films, but you'd never know that if you only saw "The Adventures of Pluto Nash.", The photobomb is a timeless art. Photobomb GIFs are timeless art you can watch forever.

, This director's recent shoot directing Mr. Robert De Niro was humbling., Ashley Judd, Michelle Trachtenberg and more give Rick Santorum some advice about terminating his campaign., Check out our interactive iPad magazine! It has exclusive contributions from Marc Maron, Zach Galifianakis, Tom Lennon and Billy Eichner! 

http://bit.ly/yIRAEa 

Someone who Shares this wins a FOD hoodie!, To click these links, please use your computer's mouse or trackpad. , Most commonly said words at Coachella are "excuse me" "sorry" and "is that weed?" Often said in that order., These guys are doing big thangs., You voted and the results are in! "Hell Yaz: A Period Piece" is the winner of this week's poll. Look for it on the front of FOD this week!, These memes might give you goosebumps., Thanks for all the Shares! Charles Kingsley is the winner of this mask signed by Charlize Theron from her sex tape., This version of "The Lucky One" trailer is better than the one they're showing in theaters. 

It's Freebie Friday! Someone who Shares this wins a mask from the Charlize Theron sex tape video signed by Charlize Theron! , Thanks for the fill-in's! Geoffrey Hudson is today's winner: 

"Its not the SIZE of the DEATHSTAR VENTILATION SHAFT that matters. It's how you use it.", It's Fill-In Friday! Fill in the blank. One of our favorite comments wins a FOD t-shirt!

"It's not the _____________ of the ____________ that matters. It's how you use it.", Some people would kill for a ticket to Coachella. , People only use the verb "tap" to refer to kegs, shoulders and that ass., These tweets will make you feel like a genius. , Please don't bring your baby to Coachella., Five years ago today, Funny Or Die was born! Here's the little video that started it all. Happy birthday to us! , Some famous kids of the '80s and '90s want you to know that gays rule and Kirk Cameron drools., null, Wow. Kenny G REALLY loves the Internet!, Amy Hamdi is the winner of today's comment contest! Q: "What's the next big thing facebook buys?" 

A: "Pillsbury & their dough boy. Because no one is getting poked without facebook's approval.", If you've won something from us in the past, please check your messages! Facebook makes it hard for you to see them for some reason. We've got prizes that need homes. Help us help you claim what is rightfully yours!, With Santorum dropping out, God has a position to fill., Answer this question before 5 p.m. PST today. Make us laugh. Win Funny Or Die magic answer ball! Be sure to "Like" comments you think are funny to help us pick the winner!

"What will be the next big thing facebook buys?", More like snooze anchor., Joey Lauren Adams takes us back through the history of a few of her classic films., Thanks for all the Shares! Aaron Sain is the winner of today's T-Shirt Tuesday. Come back soon for more stuff!, Instagram is in store for some major changes., It turns out your childhood wasn't a waste of time after all!, Finally! A trailer for the movie that tells the Instagram story.

It's T-Shirt Tuesday! Someone who Shares this wins a FOD shirt!, There's no way heroin is worse for you or more addictive than Cadbury cream eggs., Vote on your favorite video. The winner goes on the Funny Or Die homepage!

http://r.FunnyOrDie.com/epoix, Who said golf was boring?, Listen to Jon Daly's Rafflecast 2! It features folks like Rob Huebel, Megan Amram and Brandon Johnson. Not clicking this link could be the biggest mistake you ever make., "Using Instagram for free isn't cool. You know what's cool? Paying a billion dollars for it." -Mark Zuckerberg, A live after-show about AMC's "The Talking Dead.", Thanks for all the Shares! Tonya Garcia is the winner of today's hoodie. Come back soon for more free stuff!, We have an iPad magazine that you need to see (and touch) to believe. So see it and touch it! 

Someone who Shares this wins a FOD hoodie! , Jesus Christ died for your decorative eggs and delicious chocolate. Happy Easter!, For the love of God, just click them., Happy Passover!, Jesus and the apostles fight over the check at The Last Supper., Rob Riggle tries Pepsi Next through the magic of the Internet., Thanks for the fill-in's! Ahmed Ejaz is today's winner:

"Don't STAB A HOBO and tell me it's DOWNSIZING.", It's Fill-In Friday! Fill in the blank. One of our favorite comments wins a FOD t-shirt!

"Don't _________________ and tell me it's __________.", There are millions of single guys out there! Daddy Issues Dating helps you find the right one that will treat you like garbage., We got our hands on a pair of Google Glasses! It turns out the new gadget is kind of a dick., This is happening in our parking lot right now. Someone please call the cops:, Remember the game where you would take turns yelling, "Penis!" in public? Life was so simple before 9/11., Good luck sleeping at night! Tell your childhood we're sorry!, Craig Robinson and Nick Offerman discuss baseball and pizza., Paul Durban is the winner of today's comment contest! Q: "What's going to be the biggest difference when you see 'Titanic' in 3D?"

A: "The movie will finally have some depth.", We just shot a West Wing reunion w/ Martin Sheen, Allison Janney, Dule Hill, Melissa Fitzgerald, William Duffy & Josh Malina! Be excited., In case you missed it, Jason Biggs manhandled our twitter account. These are some of his best answers to your questions., Vote for "Between Two Ferns w/ Zach Galifianakis: Will Ferrell" in the 2012 Comedy Awards!, "Back to the Future" is actually pretty dark when you break it down., Answer this question before 5 p.m. PST today. Make us laugh. Win Funny Or Die magic answer ball! Be sure to "Like" comments you think are funny to help us pick the winner!

"What's going to be the biggest difference when you see 'Titanic' in 3D?", NFL quarterback Vince Young has a new ad endorsing towels. You should watch it immediately., This video of a drunk guy singing "Bohemian Rhapsody" in the back of a cop car = the meaning of life. (Song starts @ 3:30), Thanks for all the Shares! Brittany Salaiz is the winner of today's T-Shirt Tuesday. Come on back soon for more stuff! Giving is better than receiving. JK, but we still like to do it., Phones can be the worst, but watching your favorite Funny Or Die content wherever you want is the best. Get our Android app for free via Google Play and Amazon!, In case you were wondering, this is how we filmed a lot of the Charlize cell phone videos., Did you hear Ashton Kutcher is playing Steve Jobs in his biopic? Here's the rest of the cast., Take a look at how we made all the Charlize hacked cell phone videos in just a few hours at our office!

It's T-Shirt Tuesday! Someone who Shares this wins a FOD shirt. It's the only thing keep you from getting service. Besides shoes, of course.
, Save your sick days and pain pills for when you're healthy enough to enjoy them., Vote on your favorite video. The winner goes on the Funny Or Die homepage!

http://r.FunnyOrDie.com/epoix, Charlize Theron makes her own audition tape to replace Sarah McLachlan as the ASPCA spokesperson., The restricted trailer for Seth MacFarlane's Ted (The Movie) is here and it's spectacular., You love Earwolf's podcasts on FOD, right? Then you should probably vote for them for Best Comedy App in the Comedy Awards. It's the right thing to do, and you know it., Very relieved April Fools' Day is over. We can all stop tricking each other for fun & go back to doing it for sex or financial gain., Charlize Theron releases a video in response to her cell phone getting hacked., Charlize likes sharing what she eats on Instagram, just like the rest of us., Charlize Theron filmed herself practicing her Oscar acceptance speech in the mirror., It's April Fool's Day, but this is no joke: Funny Or Die is on Food Network's Cupcake Wars tonight at 8pm! Tune in., Some leaked duck face pics from Charlize Theron's phone., We found a really creepy video of Charlize Theron stalking some dude on her phone., Academy Award winner Charlize Theron does a great version of "Sittin on Tha Toilet" that we found when we hacked her phone., Charlize Theron left her cell phone at our office, so we hacked it. Here's the kinky sex tape we found., You voted and the results are in! "The Forgetful Werewolf Hunters" is the winner of this week's poll! Look for it on the front of FOD this week., This is the hilarious story of two club promoters in Scottsdale, Az., Thanks for all the Shares! Sean Murphy won the mystery box in our kitchen. It's filled with some fake rats, a giant lollipop, goldfish food and a Mexican Coke. Also some more stuff! Why the hell was this in our kitchen?, Do you have a penis or a vagina? Then these videos from our friends at Bedsider are for you.

It's Freebie Friday! Someone who Shares this wins a mystery box that's in our kitchen right now. What's in the mystery box?!?! Come back in 2 hours to find out! Or just hang out here. Your call, man., Thanks for all the fill-in's!  Robert Strunk is today's winner:

"It's the LETTER THAT COMES AFTER YOUR HEPATITIS that counts.", It's Fill-In Friday! Fill in the blank. One of our favorite comments wins a FOD t-shirt!

"It's the _____________ that counts.", A salad is just a remix for vegetables., Ron Burgundy (Will Ferrell) backstage at Conan before his "Anchorman 2" announcement. , Milk was a bad choice. Clicking these GIFs is a great choice., Don't stand in front of a door & act surprised when it hits you in the face. That's a metaphor, but also just good literal advice., Christopher Meloni will stop at nothing to stop Joseph Kony., Ron Burgundy (Will Ferrell) announces a sequel to "Anchorman" on Conan!, We know you're probably tired of these videos, but you'll never be tired of Alison Brie., Thanks for all the comments! Jonathan Nadeau is today's winner. Q: "Why does a woodchuck chuck wood?"

A: "Because he couldn't Chuck Norris.", Voting has opened for the 2012 Comedy Awards, and "Between Two Ferns with Zach Galifianakis: Will Ferrell" is nominated for Best Viral Original! 

Please vote for it. Will Ferrell will have us all fired if he doesn't take this trophy home., We have a tumblr. We have so much more than that, like undying love for chicken tenders and movies on cable TV, but we also have a tumblr. Check it out, yo., If you're going to do graffiti, at least do it right., null, Answer this question before 5 p.m. PST today. Make us laugh. Win Funny Or Die magic answer ball! Be sure to "Like" comments you think are funny to help us pick the winner!

"Why does a woodchuck chuck wood?", A first official look at Coachella 2012 tickets from Echo Burkowitz. She was going to Coachella before it was cool., This is what it would be like if Tim Gunn judged strippers. , Peter Lucas is the winner of today's T-Shirt Tuesday! Don't be mad that you didn't win, be mad that people don't like you for who you are. Because they really don't. Take a look in the mirror and make some changes., Everyone has demons from their past that haunt them, including Jason Biggs., Did you enjoy Zou Bisou Bisou on Mad Men? Then you're going to love our version with lazers and elephant horns., The season premiere of "Mad Men," found some no-so-subtle ways to incorporate black characters into its very, very, very white show. This is not the first time this has happened in TV history., Now is the time for the Muppets to respond to Goldman Sachs.

It's T-Shirt Tuesday! Someone who Shares this wins a FOD shirt! They're all the rage in Europe right now., Wearing leather pants says a lot about what you're trying to accomplish with your day., Vote on your favorite video. The winner goes on the Funny Or Die homepage!

http://r.FunnyOrDie.com/epoix, Thanks for all the Shares! Annie Ng is the winner of yesterday's hoodie. Come back soon for more free stuff, we know that's why you like us., Yup. We can vouch for these., This episode of Comedy Bang Bang probably won't change your life but then again it might., Fuck money, get pizza., Don't you know who he is?, Jason Biggs is taking over our twitter account RIGHT NOW to talk to you! Tweet questions @ funnyordie and read all of his responses here: http://bit.ly/GTDAUn, Our amazing new iPad magazine will revolutionize the way you read while pooping.

Someone who Shares this wins a FOD hoodie!, Great tips for roller coaster riding from international pop-star and theme park enthusiast Taio Cruz., You voted and the results are in! Homeless Hotspot at SXSW is the winner of this week's poll. Look for it on the front of FOD this week!, It's funny because it's true., Thanks for the Shares! Melissa Hollingsworth is the winner of today's hoodie. Her profile picture is her dog wearing glow-stick sunglasses. Sometimes, that's all you need in life to get a free sweatshirt., During Satan's press conference, Jesus pays a surprise visit.

It's Freebie Friday! Someone who Shares this wins a FOD hoodie! It's the only thing keeping you warm in this cold world. , Thanks for the fill-in's! Lennisha Brooks is today's winner:

"It's QUITE DIFFICULT out here for a ENTREPRENEUR OF THE PROSTITUTION PROFESSION.", It's Fill-In Friday! Fill in the blank. One of our favorite comments wins a FOD t-shirt!

"It's _________ out here for a _________.", Congrats to Hilary Duff and her husband on the birth of their child!

Someone who Shares this wins a bottle of GroActiv from the video she shot with us when she was 9 months pregnant! , Our kitchen has all the snacks you could want! Ketchup, butter and orange marmalade! And that's it!, Carl! Get back in the house and laugh your sheriff hat off at these memes., Watching a video titled "Scooter Fail" is probably only going to improve the quality of your Thursday., Deja vu is a temporary realization that time and space aren't linear. Also, peanut butter tastes good on lots of things., Very normal way to behave at the workplace., "Anchorman" director, and FOD founder, Adam McKay is making a “social media documentary” that sheds light on the high school dropout rates in the U.S., This is how you get a head in the news game., The world would be a better place if everybody was as honest as these facebook error messages., Each year, drunks are selected to participate in the torturous Hungover Games the morning after a big night out., Two girls find out what it would be like to live in every 80's movie at the same time., This cute cat thinks it's a very cute dog., Thanks for all the Shares! Janell Mcgraw is the winner of this week's T-Shirt Tuesday. Come on back for more free stuff soon! It makes us happy to give things to you. Alcohol makes us happy also. We're complicated., ?uestlove's signature on our wall is also a self portrait., Tim Tebow's twitter timeline as he learns about Peyton Manning's signing., You may recognize his giant face from Crimson Tide basketball games. But who is the man who holds the face?

It's T-Shirt Tuesday! Someone who Shares this wins a FOD shirt! It's stylish, slimming and can also be used as a floatation device., Going to law school is like putting your 20's through Vietnam., Vote on your favorite video. The winner goes on the Funny Or Die homepage!

http://r.FunnyOrDie.com/epoix, Just be yourself. Unless you suck as a person, in which case please don't., Al Pacino is one of America's finest actors. Of course, you wouldn't know that if you've only seen 88 Minutes., The free beer is great, but the complimentary hangovers are horrible., Apple CEO Tim Cook opens up his new iPad for the first time and lets  you in on the experience., Hope everyone has recovered from their wild St. Patrick's Day/SXSW/Purim parties. Here are some links to welcome you back to the real world., Nothing says, "Happy St Patrick's Day!" like a movie in Spanish., Thanks for all the Shares! Jouko Vaananen is the winner of this extremely cool vinyl 'Casa de mi Padre' soundtrack. Go see 'Casa de mi Padre' in theaters now! http://bitly.com/CASAfandango , 'Casa de mi Padre' is now in theaters! Buy tickets here: http://bitly.com/CASAfandango 

Someone who Shares this wins a limited edition vinyl copy of the 'Casa de mi Padre' soundtrack! , Thanks for the fill-in's! Nick Gogan is today's winner:

"You can't always WATCH what you CAST NICK CAGE IN.", It's Fill-In Friday! Fill in the blank. One of our favorite comments wins a FOD t-shirt!

"You can't always _____________ what you _____________.", Saw a live camel on a truck at SXSW. Turned around & a homeless guy smoking a joint said, "This weed's pretty good. I just saw a camel.", Dear Celebs. Everyone's doing it. Just make sure you keep these things in mind., The new iPad review is out and it is incredible., Like you really needed an excuse to drink green things on a Saturday. 
, Go see 'Casa de mi Padre' in theaters tomorrow!, Comment to win a hat signed by Will Ferrell just like the one he wears in Casa de mi Padre!, This shady character named Will snuck in to the Casa de mi Padre premiere. If you see him, alert security immediately., Beware of TV. It has the power to turn things like storage, parking and cupcakes into wars., This is our March Madness bracket. There are many like them, but this is ours. , Celebrities and athletes join forces to raise awareness about the Tournament Challenge challenged., Thanks for all the Shares! Susan Fierens is the winner of yesterday's T-Shirt Tuesday. Come back soon for more stuff!, Jonah Hill, Channing Tatum and Rob Riggle warn about the dangers of fake drugs. , Forever Alone keeps trying to add friends. So far, no luck. 
, The Bensonhurst Spelling Bee is where all of the world's best spellers come to spell words.

It's T-Shirt Tuesday! Someone who Shares this wins a FOD shirt. It's the most stylish thing you can wear that isn't a speedo. , 
All the links you can link., Anthony Jeselnik joins the Sklar brothers for a podcast you won't soon forget. , Will Ferrell shares an important message with his Facebook friends about Casa de mi Padre!, Siri is learning faster than you think., This is what The Bachelor would be like if he was a little more honest., You voted and the results are in! "Easy Prison Escape" is the winner of this week's poll. Look for it on the front of FOD this week!, Thanks for all the Shares! David Paschall is the winner of a signed postcard from Weird Al. Come back soon for more free stuff!, Take a look at some art inspired by Weird Al Yankovic's career from the Gallery 1988 show that's opening tonight in LA.

It's Freebie Friday! Someone who Shares this wins a personalized post card from Weird Al! , Thanks for the fill-in's! Brian Stewart is today's winner:

"You should try our soup of the day. It's CALLED ROMNEY BISQUE, EXTREMELY RICH YET NO FLAVOR, AND IF YOU OPT FOR IT YOU WILL REGRET IT FOR FOUR YEARS. SERVED WITH WHITEBREAD.", It's Fill-In Friday! Fill in the blank. One of our favorite comments wins a FOD t-shirt!

"You should try our soup of the day. It's __________________.", Please donate to White Kids Without iPads and make a difference in a somewhat privileged white child's life., Get all the info for our SXSW party this Sunday featuring performances by Dale Earnhardt Jr. Jr. and Com Truise. We hope to see you there! No cops., Will Ferrell passionately sings "Yo No Se" in this clip from "Casa de mi Padre"

Be sure to watch "Casa de mi Padre" in theaters March 16!, There's no such thing as a free lunch in Hollywood, but there's definitely free beer in Austin., With more than 25 pieces of original content “The Occasional” is our new multimedia magazine with exclusive videos, celebrity interviews, hilarious articles and so much more. 

Check out the first issue, featuring an exclusive episode of Between Two Ferns with Zach Galifianakis and Ed Helms!, Buying the new iPad won't make you happy, but all the HD porn you watch on that thing probably will., There's something a little weird about this Folgers commercial..., Thanks for all the comments! April Nye Sullivan is today's winner. Q: "How do you end a date in 3 words?"

A: "I'm Rush Limbaugh.", Watch this extended red band clip from "21 Jump Street" and be sure to check it out in theaters on March 16th., If giving a pug a massage is wrong, this cat doesn't want to be right. , There's no time to explain. Just click this immediately. , Answer this question before 5 p.m. PST today. Make us laugh. Win Funny Or Die magic answer ball! Be sure to "Like" comments you think are funny to help us pick the winner!

"How do you end a date in 3 words?", Expectant mother Hilary Duff shares a few of her pregnancy beauty secrets., Judd Nelson and the Spin Room team pick up the pieces of Super Tuesday. 
, Thanks for all the Shares! Bretagne Pirelli is the winner of today's T-Shirt Tuesday. Come back soon! We give stuff away like ev-uh-ree day., We shot a video yesterday with Weird Al! He looks a lot different after all those surgeries...
, Comedy is an art form and this extremely cool exhibit proves it., "Soup or Tuesday? Why can't we have both?" -Person who doesn't understand voting, but definitely votes & probably has 3 kids, Jean Dujardin brings his own brand of cigarettes to America

It's T-Shirt Tuesday! Someone who Shares this wins a FOD shirt. It's stylish, comfortable and bulletproof. , Vote on your favorite video. The winner goes on the Funny Or Die homepage!

http://r.FunnyOrDie.com/epoix
, The iPad HD is going to revolutionize the way you play pointless games while pooping., Greg Proops and Paul F. Tompkins guest on this very special episode of Comedy Bang Bang. Why is it so special? Guess you'll just have to listen to find out. , Mike Seaver would not be too happy about how homophobic Kirk Cameron is. , They grow up so fast., Lohan's appearance on SNL and other non-Lohan links., The new vehicle in 'MIB 3' looks very familiar..., You voted and the results are in! "Pizza Boy" is the winner of this week's poll. Look for it on the front of FOD next week!, Will Ferrell with Casa de mi Padre's Andrew Steele (writer) & Matt Piedmont (director) after doing 3 hours of grueling press today.

"Casa de mi Padre" premieres in 2 weeks! Be extremely excited., Thanks for all the Shares! Jordan Bennett is the winner of these very sweet Kenny Powers baseball cards., Your two favorite TV shows are joined together at last.

It's Freebie Friday! Someone who Shares this video wins a pack of Kenny Powers trading cards! , Thanks for all the fill-in's! Stephanie Rosen is today's winner.

"Stop! In the name of A PREGNANT GIRAFFE.", It's Fill-In Friday! Fill in the blank. One of our favorite comments wins a FOD t-shirt!

"Stop! In the name of ______________.", Johnny Depp, Steven Spielberg & a suit made of diamonds at the "Tim & Eric's Billion Dollar Movie" premiere:, This intern doesn't handle being on camera very well. , Average minds discuss events. Small minds discuss people. Great minds discuss ideas. High minds discuss how good water tastes., First world problems in our office kitchen., With his nose broken, Kobe Bryant now dons a protective mask. It also transforms him into a psychopath., Welcome to blank, you're not in Kansas anymore!, Helpful weight loss tip: Don't eat so much, you fat piece of shit., This cat politely requests to be pet. It's pretty adorable., We're not here to tell you how to live your life. That's now who we are, you know that. But we really think you should follow us on tumblr. It's just right, and you know it. Don't try to fight it. Just let it happen.

http://funnyordie.tumblr.com
, In case you forgot that Steve Martin was the best., Reminisce about Whitney's hits and how they made you feel like you could do anything. Including sing., Ari Halbkram is the winner of the pair of tickets to the Secret Policeman's Ball in NY this Sunday! Watch Amnesty International's Secret Policeman's Ball LIVE on EPIX and EpixHD.com Sunday March 4 starting at 7pm ET!, Thanks for all the Shares! Yolanda Hooks is the winner of today's T-Shirt Tuesday. It's the gift that keeps on giving except it's only given once. So it's really not like that at all., Dan Aykroyd and Judith Belushi present very special live broadcast of the 'Blues Brothers Revue' to commemorate the 30th anniversary of John Belushi's passing. Tune in March 5th at 8pm and watch it all from your computer., Wyatt Cenac interviews Blake Griffin about the failed Kia Optima dunk., Great news! 'Billy On The Street' got renewed for 12 more episodes! The streets of New York are no longer safe. To be fair, they were never really that safe., This is just a good video of a goat learning to jump.

It's T-Shirt Tuesday! Someone who Shares this wins a FOD shirt. Life isn't always that easy, but sometimes it is., Serious question: Why does nobody deliver tacos?, Vote on your favorite video. The winner goes on the Funny Or Die homepage!

http://r.FunnyOrDie.com/epoix, Who knew you could be punished for being so awesome?, Billy Eichner always likes to Axe a new couple tough questions about relationships., Ben Schwartz, the Jeremy Lin of comedy, joins the Sklar Brothers on this very special episode of their podcast., Ever heard of Coldplay, Jon Stewart, Stephen Colbert, David Cross, Seth Meyers, Kristen Wiig, Russell Brand, Sarah Silverman or Mumford & Sons? You can see them all (and many more) LIVE March 4 exclusively on EPIX (and streaming live on http://EPIXHD.com) OR win a chance to see the concert in person as Amnesty International presents The Secret Policeman's Ball at New York's Radio City Music Hall! We're giving away a pair of tickets to this amazing event, all you have to do is Share this post and write a comment explaining why you should win.

We'll announce the winner tomorrow. Please only enter if you can make it to the event in New York on Sunday!, Judd Nelson, Tim Meadows, Nick Offerman and more remind us that nobody knows more about women's issues than late-middle-aged men., Congrats to Jean Dujardin and "The Artist" for your Oscar wins! Jean's next role will be a villain, and these audition tapes prove he's ready for any role possible., Billy Eichner hits the streets of NYC to find out what "celebrate the movies in all of us" means to people., This is a collection of links. We're on the same page, no?, Adele's whole album was actually based on a one night stand from Culver City., Scientist Jeff Goldblum proves the law of physics that states if Blake Griffin can dunk over a Kia, a Kia can dunk over Blake Griffin., Thanks for all the Shares! Thomas Rittenhouse is the winner of these sweet K-Swiss Blades as seen in the new Kenny Powers ad. , This is something you should watch immediately.

Someone who Shares this wins a pair of K-Swiss Blades like the ones Patrick Willis wears in the new Kenny Powers ad!, Thanks for all the fill-in's! Douglas Denniston is today's winner: 

"T.G.I.F. stands for TALKING GIRLS INTO FORNICATING.", It's Fill-In Friday! Fill in the blank. One of our favorite comments wins a FOD t-shirt!

"T.G.I.F. stands for '_________________.'", Deleted scenes from the Oscars video we made with Mike Myers and Kevin Kline., Watch the season finale of 'Billy on the Street' tonight at 11e/10c on Fuse! Stick around for marathons of the whole first season before and after. 

Now available on cable in NY and LA!, Kenny Powers, MFCEO of K-Swiss, delivers the most awesome presentation of all time., John Malkovich & Kate Upton both signed our wall today! Our office is cooler than yours., During the Arizona GOP debate, the four remaining candidates were asked to describe themselves in one word. Here's what got cut. , "Clip Cup 3.Cup" is a lot like "Tosh.0" only five billion times better., Bart Simpson's chalkboard was the original twitter., This is very real. As is his writing credit on Walker Texas Ranger., Stick around for the surprise ending!
, Relive some of the more frustrating moments of your childhood., David Alan Grier presents the official anthem of 2012., Thanks for all the Shares! Amber Lynn Pruchnicki is the winner of today's T-Shirt Tuesday. Come back soon for more stuff!, We made this video for The Oscars starring Mike Myers and Kevin Kline! You should watch it if you like funny things., We shot a video with Hilary Duff last week! Don't let this teaser pic fool you, the video is in color., Podcast time! Brian Huskey  joins the "How Did This Get Made?" team to talk about the classic "Cool As Ice" starring Vanilla Ice., YouTube comments aren't the most intelligent thing but sometimes they're perfect.

It's T-Shirt Tuesday! Someone who Shares this wins a FOD shirt. Click buttons and get free stuff! It's a brave new world, folks., There's not a whole lot to do in Wisconsin., Thanks for all the Shares! Yesterday's winners are Nelson Cates, Jeremy Downey, Grace Van Meter, James Nickell & Brian Pang., JB Smoove took control of the @FunnyOrDie twitter account on Friday. Instead of answering questions, he gave questions to answers! The script was flipped. Ruckus!

5 people who Share this win a copy of "Tower Heist" on Blu-ray!, If these guys were real, every day would be Presidents' Day., Here's the sh*t people DON'T say in Los Angeles., Every time you click one of these links an angel cries., Watch 'Tim & Eric's Billion Dollar Movie' live RIGHT NOW with both Tim & Eric answering your questions! It's the best 10 dollars you'll ever spend., Watch 'Tim & Eric's Billion Dollar Movie' tonight at 6pm PST and chat LIVE with Tim & Eric! Ask them questions about the movie while you watch it before it's in theaters. Shrim!, You voted and the results are in! "Sh*t Girls Say On Valentine's Day" is the winner of this week's poll. Look for it on the front of FOD this week., We're all sick of this meme, but these are pretty good., Thanks for all the Shares! Justin Clements is the winner of today's birthday card signed by our writers and a surprise celebrity. Come back soon for more stuff! We spoil you., The History Channel and Twitter present a biography of music legend Sir Paul McCartney.

It's Freebie Friday! Someone who Shares this wins a birthday card signed by our writers and a surprise celebrity!, Thanks for the fill-in's! Susan M. Ray is today's winner.

"Why did the chicken cross the road? IT'S ON HIS KFC BUCKET LIST.", It's Fill-In Friday! Fill in the blank. One of our favorite comments wins a FOD t-shirt!

"Why did the chicken cross the road? ________________________________.", If there were a guy named Patrick Danica, this would be every day of his life., Watch 'Billy on the Street' tonight at 11e/10c on Fuse! It's the cure for both the common and uncommon cold., Doing the running man will never stop being the best way to express you're excited., Hearing someone has a "555" number is a lot hearing a blatant lie., JB Smoove has taken over our twitter account! Tweet ANSWERS @ funnyordie and he'll answer them with questions! Follow along at home and read all of his questions to your answers here:   http://www.funnyordie.com/promos/twitter_takeover, Wayne Brady, JB Smoove (Curb Your Enthusiasm) & Michael Kenneth Williams (The Wire/Boardwalk Empire) star in this educational version of "Today Was a Good Day" for Black History Month., Knowledge will always be a weapon as long as there are books to throw., Here's a look at a few of the lost villain auditions of The Artist's best actor nominee: Jean Dujardin., Paul Rudd tries to talk dirty to Malin Akerman in this steamy clip from "Wanderlust", Did you know we have a twitter page? There's so much you don't know about us! You never listen to us anymore! What happened? We used to have so much fun together. Now we barely talk at dinner.

Oh, yeah. Follow us on twitter.

http://twitter.com/funnyordie
, We sent LA Dodgers Javy Guerra & James Loney to the 'Eastbound and Down' premiere party to photobomb guests. The results are pretty spectacular., This dog is available to DJ your next bark mitzvah., One guy REALLY blows it with what he gets his girlfriend for Valentine's Day., Thanks for all the Shares! Garland Sanburg is the winner of this week's T-Shirt Tuesday! Come back soon for more free stuff, ya filthy animal., Are you pro-love AND anti-cancer? Then these Valentine's Day cards are for you. , Michelle made an unintentionally threatening Valentine's Day card for her parents. Kids write the darndest things!, Happy Valentine's Day! If you can't be with the one you love, eat a burrito by yourself then go home & masturbate., This Valentine's Day, Adam Scott and Rob Riggle encourage you to get your lover the classiest gift in the world.

It's T-Shirt Tuesday! Someone who Shares this wins a FOD shirt! It's better than chocolate because you can wear it as well as eat it., Let that special someone in your life know they're Linsational., Vote on your favorite video. The winner goes on the Funny Or Die homepage!

http://r.FunnyOrDie.com/epoix, If there's anything these guys know about, it's meaningful relationships and connecting to other human beings., Bob Ducca has some hopeful wishes and inspirational lyrics that are far more valuable than any chocolate sampler or wilted carnation., You'll wonder how you ever lived your life before learning these facts., A behind the scenes look at the high stakes world of  children's Valentines writers., Links, you guys! LINKS!, You voted and the results are in: "Sh*t That Sh*t Says" is the winner of this week's poll! Look for it on the front of FOD this week. , Perfect for anyone who thought "sicker than your average" referred to a medical condition., Thanks for all the Shares! Anthony DiDonato is the winner of today's FOD hoodie. We hope he wears it in good health, or at least while wearing pants., This February the Phantom Menace sucks IN SPECTACULAR 3D!!!

It's Freebie Friday! Someone who Shares this video wins a FOD hoodie! It hides how fat you've become., Thanks for all the fill-in's! Matt Shipway is today's winner. 

"Don't drink and WATCH 'DRIVE.'", It's Fill-In Friday! Fill in the blank. One of our favorite comments wins a FOD t-shirt!

"Don't drink and _________.", Kids are dumb! You are no exception. , Watch a new Billy On The Street tonight at 11/10c on Fuse! If you don't, Billy Eichner will find you and yell at your stupid face., Jean Dujardin drew a self-portrait when he signed our wall., Will Ferrell announced the starting lineup of the Bulls/Hornets game last night. You should probably watch this immediately., Aren't there more important things for One Million Moms to focus their attention on than Ellen DeGeneres and JC Penney?, Oscar nominee Jean Dujardin auditions for his obvious next role: a villain with a foreign accent., He's either a bro or a hipster, he can't be both., Ordered the new "Kevin McCallister special" from Domino's. Got no cheese pizza and a spilled Pepsi., It feels good to laugh again., Answer this question before 5 p.m. PST today. Make us laugh. Win Funny Or Die magic answer ball! Be sure to "Like" comments you think are funny to help us pick the winner!

"What's the best thing to wear to a job interview?", Congressman Hoekstra really crossed the line with this one!, Let's celebrate today's ruling on Prop 8 by reliving this star-studded FOD classic we made  over 3 years ago., Thanks for all the Shares! Shannon Morales-Alvira is the winner of today's T-Shirt Tuesday. Come back real soon to take all of our stuff. We want you to have it!, Hola amigos! Scorpion Beer is the official cerveza of Casa de mi Padre., Alison Haislip signed our wall when she was in the office, immortalizing her love of Eli Manning forever., Billy Eichner reports live from the field at Madonna's Super Bowl halftime show.

Watch 'Billy On The Street' every Thursday at 11/10c on Fuse TV!, The Mob Wives are back and they're just as wild as ever. 

It's T-Shirt Tuesday! Someone who Shares this video wins a FOD shirt! Don't act like that's not the most exciting thing that could happen to you today., Snack city, bitch. Snack snack city, bitch., Vote on your favorite video. The winner goes on the Funny Or Die homepage!

http://r.FunnyOrDie.com/epoix, Who are the ad wizards that came up with this one?, Tim and Eric stop by Comedy Bang Bang to talk about their Billion Dollar Movie and so much more., Madonna's halftime show was presented by a bag of psychedelic mushrooms. #worldpeace, Want more? Visit http://www.funnyordie.com/captions, Want more? Visit http://www.funnyordie.com/captions, Want more? Visit http://www.funnyordie.com/captions, Once you hit the start button on this video, the fun never ends., Will Ferrell made a Super Bowl ad that only aired in Nebraska. Enjoy!, You've seen them before. You'll see them tomorrow., Joint Stand Up To Cancer for World Cancer Day and take a stand against the worst kind of c-word. , Did you miss Tim & Eric's live Q&A? Watch the full thing here! It's pretty much amazing., It's Super Bowl time, and what better way to pretend you care who wins than by gambling! , Thanks for all the Shares! Ronald Crosby is the winner of this wonderful Billion Dollar Movie poster signed by Tim and Eric., Women choose Eli Manning and the New York Giants this Super Bowl, because Tom Brady is an asshole.

It's Freebie Friday! Someone who Shares this wins a poster signed by Tim and Eric!, Thanks for all the fill-in's! Ryan George is today's winner.

"It's the COUNT FROM SESAME STREET that counts.", It's Fill-in Friday! Fill in the blank. One of our favorite comments wins a FOD t-shirt!

"It's the ____________ that counts.", Nobody should play him in real life., Oh, those Emmy award winning actors are so crazy!, Keep tweeting questions for Tim & Eric @ funnyordie and watch their mind blowing answers live here: http://funnyordie.com/promos/live, They're here! Tim & Eric are in our office, ready to live stream with you about Tim & Eric’s Billion Dollar Movie and anything else your LOL-loving hearts desire!

Ask them questions by tweeting to @funnyordie and watch the magic unfold here:

http://funnyordie.com/promos/live, Tim & Eric will be here in 30 minutes to chat with you live! Get your questions ready and stay tuned for details to join the magic!, Oops! They probably didn't want to finish that song anyway., Wish some people would stop being useless and start being pizza., Michael FriendofthePeople Fowler is the winner of today's comment contest! Q: "Who's going to be the big winner on Super Bowl Sunday?"

A: "Couches, they get the most ass that day...", Cesar Millan is the man to call when you can't get control of your meal., Tim & Eric, the stars of Tim and Eric's Billion Dollar Movie, are stopping by tomorrow at 1 pm PST to answer your questions in a Funny Or Die Live video stream! Stay tuned for more details.

Leave a questions for them as a comment on this post and it might get answered tomorrow!, Check us out on tumblr! It's a real experience for your senses. 

http://funnyordie.tumblr.com
, There should be an award show to honor these. , Answer this question before 5 p.m. PST today. Make us laugh. Win Funny Or Die magic answer ball! Be sure to "Like" comments you think are funny to help us pick the winner!

"Who's going to be the big winner on Super Bowl Sunday?", Now that Tebow is out of the running, Jesus decides who he'd like to win the big game., This mascot has a little too much school spirit. We suspect it's Blake Griffin in the costume., Thanks for all the Shares! Shelby Terry is the winner of today's T-Shirt Tuesday. Come back soon (TOMORROW!!!!) for more free stuff. 

Warning: The world may end at any minute and tomorrow might never come. Make tonight count, you guys., There's an old man getting fisted in our basement. He looks like he's having a great time., These descriptions have been bad. Really really bad., Puppet Newt Gingrich sings "I Would Like to Live on the Moon"

It's T-Shirt Tuesday! Someone who Shares this wins a FOD shirt! You can wear it to the gym or you can wear it on the couch while you think about going to the gym., Side effects of marijuana include watching all of Jurassic Park 3 on TV with commercials even though you own the Blu-ray., Vote on your favorite video. The winner goes on the Funny Or Die homepage!

http://r.FunnyOrDie.com/epoix, Shakespeare probably would've Liked this., On this episode of Sklarbro Country, Tom Scharpling drops in to flex his impressive sports knowledge for the Sklar Brothers., Fingers are the best part of a chicken., Want more? Visit http://www.funnyordie.com/captions, Want more? Visit http://www.funnyordie.com/captions, Want more? Visit http://www.funnyordie.com/captions, Eli Roth stops by Piper's Pit to talk about hostels with Rowdy Roddy Piper., A frustrating sci-fi epic for the modern age., They're finally here! Links to other websites! Live it up, guys! This may never happen again!, Alcohol is poison that makes this life worth living., Save the libraries!, You voted and the results are in! "Hotline" is the winner of this week's Facebook poll. Look for it on the front of FOD this week!, "Tim & Eric's Billion Dollar Movie" is out now On Demand! You can also get it on iTunes: http://bit.ly/AoXRRZ

WATCH IT IMMEDIATELY!!!, Thanks for all the Shares! Kaleb Reeves is the winner of today's Freebie Friday. Come back soon for more free stuff!, The Fame Makers (Neil Campbell & Mike Hanford) meet up with the stars of the NHL's Los Angeles Kings.

It's Freebie Friday! Someone who Shares this wins a FOD hoodie! It will keep you warm AND soak up all the soda you spill. Truly a miracle fabric., Thanks for all the fill-in's! Kyle Webber is today's winner. 

"If at first you don't succeed, MAKE *ANOTHER* TRANSFORMERS MOVIE.", It's Fill-in Friday! Fill in the blank. One of our favorite comments wins a FOD t-shirt!

"If at first you don't succeed, _________________.", The third rule of Fight Club is have fun and try your best., Watch a brand new Billy On The Street tonight at 11e/10c on Fuse TV. Until then, see if Rachel Dratch can name 20 white people., This actually looks like a pretty good movie., He's not a rabbit. He doesn't want your salad., Kramer hears dubstep for the first time., Why is 6 afraid of 7? Because 7 is a registered six offender., This camel wants a kiss right now. RIGHT NOW!, Joseph Rutter is the winner of today's comment contest. Q: "What was the one thing Obama forgot to mention last night during the State of the Union?"

A: "Can you believe Billy Cundiff missed that field goal!?"

(If you're the winner, please check your facebook messages and email the secret code to winner@funnyordie.com), After Gingrich clobbers Romney in South Carolina, the spin room team goes to work!, There's gotta be a better way to say that., Answer this question before 5 p.m. PST today. Make us laugh. Win Funny Or Die magic answer ball! Be sure to "Like" comments you think are funny to help us pick the winner!

"What was the one thing Obama forgot to mention last night during the State of the Union?", On the heels of the 2012 State Of The Union address, President Obama has a few more things to say., It's time to stand up to piracy and The Lorax. Head to the Zit Twins facebook page at http://facebook.com/ZitTwins and take the pledge., Thanks for all the Shares! Jordan Lymous is the winner of today's T-Shirt Tuesday. Come back soon for more free stuff!

(If you're the winner, please check your facebook messages and send the secret code to winner@funnyordie.com), Wayne Brady signed a wall of our office. What his signature lacks in size, it makes up for with commentary., Obama delivers the 2012 State of the Union tonight. Let's all get shitfaced in honor of our nation., Paula Deen makes an ad for Paula Deen's Desserts injected with diabetes medication.

It's T-Shirt Tuesday! Someone who Shares this video wins a FOD shirt. Just do it!, Nobody parties harder than old Asian people., Vote on your favorite video. The winner goes on the Funny Or Die homepage!

http://r.FunnyOrDie.com/epoix, Let's take a look at some of the potential nominees, including those we have lost to the campaign trail., Time for a podcast! Tig Notaro makes her triumphant return as Comedy Bang Bang's master impressionist plus lots of other mind blowing stuff., The founder of Megaupload may not get bail. He can either wait 60 years or upgrade to freedom for $100 million dollars., Want more? Visit http://www.funnyordie.com/captions, Want more? Visit http://www.funnyordie.com/captions, Want more? Visit http://www.funnyordie.com/captions, Matthew McConaughey reprises his role as David Wooderson from "Dazed and Confused" in Butch Walker's new music video. We keep getting older but he stays the same age., Mike Tyson reprises his role as Herman Cain. It's what the people want. , Crushed by Seal and Heidi Klum's divorce. Of course you are. Relax with these links., When Lizzy Caplan asks Julie Klausner to whisper shit to Martin Starr's cat, things get complicated., Keep in touch!, Thanks for all the Shares! Robert Alan Chittenden is the winner of this very cool Big Gulp cup signed by Rowdy Roddy Piper! Terminator action figure not included.

(If you're the winner, please check your Facebook messages for the secret code and email it to winner@funnyordie.com), Newt Gingrich is the candidate with many wives.

It's Freebie Friday! Someone who Shares this wins a Big Gulp cup signed by Rowdy Roddy Piper! , Thanks for all the fill-in's! Sarah Holder is today's winner.

"I'm getting too old for TRUSTING A FART.", It's Fill-in Friday! Fill in the blank. One of our favorite comments wins a FOD t-shirt!

"I'm getting too old for _____________.", Dave Chappelle's television debut in 1992., People notice when you say things like "please" and "thank you" and "I only have one testicle.", Watch a brand new episode of Billy On The Street tonight at 11e/10c on Fuse TV! SPOILER ALERT: He asks trivia questions and gives stuff away and is really funny., He loves Tom Brady more than Tim Tebow., Here are some of Paula Deen's favorite healthy recipes!, For the first time ever, we present to you the final play that Noel Coward ever wrote as performed by Kerri Kenney, Thomas Lennon and Robert Ben Garant., Free drinks = regrettable text messages, Blacking out at a bar right now to protest SOPA., Nick Tendo is the winner of today's comment contest! Q: "What are you doing today while the Internet is blacked out?" 

A: "Touching myself to cave paintings.", Follow us on twitter! It's like a great party with tons of free booze and more chicks than dudes.

http://twitter.com/funnyordie
, Rachel Bilson's "Call Me Doctor" is the new anthem of 2012., Time for everybody's favorite game! Is this the name of a superstar DJ or a Star Trek alien race?, Answer this question before 5 p.m. PST today. Make us laugh. Win Funny Or Die magic answer ball! Be sure to "Like" comments you think are funny to help us pick the winner!

"What are you doing today while the Internet is blacked out?", James Bond is kind of an asshole., Ray Liotta, Michael Bay & Jon Favreau talk about the future of CGI with motion capture experts Paul Scheer & Rob Huebel., Thanks for all the Shares! Diane Cameron is the winner of today's T-Shirt Tuesday. Come back soon! We give away stuff all the time on here. You should probably know that by now.

(If you're the winner, please check your Facebook messages for the secret code and email it to winner@funnyordie.com), A lot of websites are going dark tomorrow to protest the Stop Online Piracy Act (SOPA) but that doesn't mean you have to have a boring afternoon!, Will Ferrell is...Armando Alvarez! Casa de mi Padre rides into theaters March 16!, This live action "Rugrats" movie is going to be the best (and most disturbing) film of the year.

It's T-Shirt Tuesday! Someone who Shares this video wins a FOD shirt. It's stylish AND practical! , Do you ever wonder if dogs think cars are big animals? Stop smoking weed you pothead., This puppy is so excited to eat, he can barely keep his paws on the ground., Bonnie the Blanket gets thrown out., Tina Fey's photobombs are amazing., Happy MLK Day! Reflect on how far we've come as a human race. Or just watch Netflix & take a nap. Both good ways to spend a Monday off., Want more? Visit http://www.funnyordie.com/captions, Want more? Visit http://www.funnyordie.com/captions, Want more? Visit http://www.funnyordie.com/captions, Join your favourite Drunk English Rollerblading Pine Tree as he hangs out with all his friends!, Good news! There's a link dump!, You voted and the results are in! "KFC: PTSD" is the winner of this week's poll. Look for it on the front page of FOD next week!, "Breaking Bad" Valentine's Day cards are the quickest way to figure out if you found a keeper., Thanks for all the Shares! Benjamin Eshbach is the winner of today's Freebie Friday!

He won the very first FOD Magic Answer ball of 2012! Get ready because we'll be giving these out every week for the rest of the year. Winning one will make all future decisions incredibly easy. 

(If you're the winner, please check your Facebook messages for the secret code and email it to winner@funnyordie.com), Lance Reddick from The Wire might be the scariest toy store owner of all time.

It's Freebie Friday! Someone who Shares this video wins our special new swag item of 2012!!! You voted on it, now we've got it. We'll announce the winner and the new prize at 3pm PST., Thanks for all the fill-in's! Derek V. Beltz is this week's winner:

"Don't forget to stop and smell the PEPPER SPRAY.", It's Fill-in Friday! Fill in the blank. One of our favorite comments wins a FOD t-shirt!

"Don't forget to stop and smell the _____________.", Take a look behind the scenes of the Oscars trailer we made with Billy Crystal, Josh Duhamel, Megan Fox & Robin Williams!, Watch a brand new episode of Billy On The Street tonight at 11e/10c on Fuse TV! It might change your life for the better. You could use it., Last chance to help Will Ferrell stop cancer! A $19 donation gets you a bottle of his sexy tanning lotion and enters you to win an autographed cowbell! Donate already, it feels good., John McEnroe gives a private tennis lesson to an old friend's obnoxious son., There are some things you can't unlearn. , Rob and Paul take a moment to interview Cocoa Rodriguez of "War Horse" and watch a clip from his new upcoming film., If there's one thing you can learn from professional sports, it's that people lose their f*cking minds for a free t-shirt., Pretty sure at least a few of you can relate to this track., Jonathan Meindl is the winner of today's comment contest! Q: "What's the best baby gift for Beyonce and Jay-Z?"

A: "A onesy that says 100th problem."

(If you're the winner, please check your Facebook messages for the secret code and email it to winner@funnyordie.com), The Hollywood Reporter put us on their cover! Read all about how we were born, the way we were raised and what we hope to be when we're all grown up!, This is the new anthem for every huge group of girls you ever see out on the town at night., Go (anybody but the) Broncos! , Answer this question before 5 p.m. PST today. Make us laugh. Win Funny Or Die hoodie! Be sure to "Like" comments you think are funny to help us pick the winner!

"What's the best baby gift for Beyonce and Jay-Z?", Donny Clay (Jason Alexander) uses his life coaching skills to help Courtney Stodden., You should probably watch this new music video for Real Estate's "Easy" immediately. Or not. Do what you need to do., Thanks for all the Shares! Julie O'Dell is the winner of today's T-Shirt Tuesday. Come back soon! We give away stuff all the time. It's pretty much our 4th favorite thing to do.

(If you're the winner, please check your Facebook messages and email the secret code to winner@funnyordie.com), Hey, guys! Billy Eichner is on Conan tonight at 11/10CT on TBS! Watch it or forever live a life of regret., The streets are talking., The last video you'll watch about "Shit ____ Say" or anything like that shit.

It's T-Shirt Tuesday! Someone who Shares this video wins a FOD shirt! It shows off your muscles and lets people know you like to laugh. , A 'Back to the Future' remake would have DJ McFly playing dubstep at an 80's prom. Pretty much sums up why we never need that shit., Vote on your favorite video. The winner goes on the Funny Or Die homepage!

http://r.FunnyOrDie.com/epoix, Is this really the best use of their time? In most cases, yes it definitely is., A $19 donation to fight cancer gets you a bottle of Will Ferrell's Super Sexy Hot Tan lotion and enters you to win a cowbell signed by Will! Just do it! You know you want to., On this episode of "How Did This Get Made?" the gang discusses the latest train wreck in the Twilight saga. , Sometimes you need to listen to 2pac lyrics for advice the same way Simba talks to clouds., Want more? Visit http://www.funnyordie.com/captions, Want more? Visit http://www.funnyordie.com/captions, Want more? Visit http://www.funnyordie.com/captions, A look back at all the memes we lost in 2011. Rest in peace., A lot of people don't know this, but Kristen Bell's body is actually covered in tattoos., Check out this Oscars promo we made with Billy Crystal. It's playing in movie theaters this weekend!, Justice may be blind, but the Courts Machine sees all. 

Watch the rest of the FOD 1986 Lineup here: http://funnyordie.com/fod_1986, Casey Anthony got a new dog and he is understandably a little scared., Thanks for all the Shares! Belinda Renee Mross won this stale gingerbread house from Drunk History Christmas!, It's everybody's favorite TV show from 1986 that stars buildings!

It's Freebie Friday! Someone who Shares this video wins a stale gingerbread house from the Drunk History Christmas video. It's just sitting here in our office. Take it, please. 
, Thanks for all the fill-in's! Tom Martin is the winner of today's contest: 

"I'm having a tough time keeping my New Year's resolution to STOP DOING FILL IN THE BLANK CONTESTS."

(If you're the winner, check your Facebook messages for the secret code and email it to winner@funnyordie.com), It's Fill-in Friday! Fill in the blank. One of our favorite comments wins a FOD t-shirt!

"I'm having a tough time keeping my New Year's resolution to __________________.", Yahoo! News and FOD present the best fake presidential debate of 2012, hosted by the real Larry King!, Billy Eichner has some very strong opinions about Meryl Streep.

Watch a new episode of Billy On The Street TONIGHT at 11e/10c on Fuse TV! , John O'Hurley (Peterman from 'Seinfeld') stars as the world's greatest master of disguise: KENNIGAN! 

Watch the rest of the FOD 1986 Lineup here: http://funnyordie.com/fod_1986, Did you know we have a Tumblr? You should go there and check it out. There's lots of amazing stuff, some pretty good stuff and almost no terrible stuff.

http://funnyordie.tumblr.com
, He's going to rule the world one day, but you better believe he needs a snack first., "Prairie Children" was a great show, but it had a few too many episodes about girls getting their first period.

Watch the rest of the FOD 1986 Lineup here: http://funnyordie.com/fod_1986, All your attention now belongs to this., In the future of 1986, an LAPD officer has his brain copied onto floppy discs & becomes a crime-fighting COP-PUTER! Starring Jennifer Beals (Flashdance) and Adrian Paul (Highlander: The Series). 

Watch the rest of the FOD 1986 Lineup here: http://funnyordie.com/fod_1986, An injured cop secretly fights crime with prototype deadly roller blades. 

Watch the rest of the FOD 1986 Lineup here: http://funnyordie.com/fod_1986, Tom Dee is the winner of today's Comment Contest! Q: "What's next for Michele Bachmann?"

A: "menopause"

If you won something from us, CHECK YOUR FACEBOOK MESSAGES for the secret code and email it to winner@funnyordie.com, A $19 donation to fight cancer gets you a bottle of Will Ferrell's Super Sexy Hot Tan lotion and enters you to win a cowbell signed by Will! You'd be foolish not to do it., "Tim & Eric's Billion Dollar Movie" red band trailer is here! Watch it immediately. Shrim!, Answer this question before 5 p.m. PST today. Make us laugh. Win Funny Or Die hoodie! Be sure to "Like" comments you think are funny to help us pick the winner!

"What's next for Michele Bachmann?", 'Malibu Days: Nights' stars Casper Van Dien (Starship Troopers) as a lifeguard by day and a monster killing detective by night., Starting tomorrow, we're bringing back all your favorite TV shows from our 1986 FOD lineup! Here's a sneak preview., Thanks for all the Shares! Patricia Madden is the winner of today's T-Shirt Tuesday! If you are the winner of today's prize, please CHECK YOUR FACEBOOK MESSAGES for the secret code and email it to winner@funnyordie.com 

We have a lot of unclaimed prizes. Check your messages, people! Help us help you take our free stuff., Found this hat on a pile of props in our kitchen. Can only assume a Carmen Sandiego video is in our near future., "Excited to see what's about to happen in Iowa!" is a sentence you only get to use once every 4 years., A tribute parody of the popular viral videos "Sh*t Girls Say" and "Sh*t Black Girls Say."

It's T-Shirt Tuesday! Someone who Shares this wins a FOD shirt! Happy New Year!, Something about all of this feels very familiar. , Watch a brand new episode of Billy On The Street tonight at 11e/10c on Fuse TV! It might be the most fun you ever have., Need something to help get you through the holidays! Here's a sneak peek of Casa de mi Padre in theaters March 16th.  , Sad news: We're retiring the FOD talking bottle opener prize! Goodnight, sweet prince. 

AMAZING news: We have some cool new prize options for 2012 and you get to vote on which one we give away all next year! Do you want a headband, a wristband or a magic answer ball?

Vote here : http://r.FunnyOrDie.com/epoix, Thanks for all the Likes and for watching Billy On The Street last night! The winners of our enormous cash giveaway are: Daniel Bliss, Cameron Nunnally, Patricia Belanger, Tiffany Sutton, Jose Adrian Veliz & Barry Goodsell., West Coast! Watch the premiere of Billy On The Street on Fuse TV at 11pm! 1 person who Likes this wins a $10 bill signed by Billy Eichner (Sponsored by Axe), East Coast! Watch the premiere of Billy On The Street in 30 minutes on Fuse TV at 11pm! 5 people who Like this win a $1 bill signed by Billy Eichner, Kobe Bryant sits down for his first interview since his wife Vanessa filed for divorce., Thanks for all the questions on twitter! Go back and read all of Billy's responses here: http://ow.ly/88bzT

Watch Billy Eichner in the premiere of "Billy On The Street" TONIGHT at 11e/10c on Fuse TV! Find your local Fuse listing here: http://ow.ly/88bPf, The hilarious Billy Eichner is taking over our twitter account RIGHT NOW! Tweet questions @ funnyordie and he might just respond.

See what people are asking in real time and read all of Billy's answers here: http://ow.ly/88bzT, Michele and Marcus Bachmann extend their holiday wishes., If there's a large tiger on your clothes, you're probably an idiot., Thanks for all the Likes! The winners of the holiday prize packs are Matthew Thomas Hydrusko, Elvia Carrasco, Jeff Scrimpsher, Tim Fogarty & Susan Hart-Keuker. Happy Holidays, you guys!, Watch the premiere of 'Billy on the Street' tomorrow at 11e/10c on Fuse TV! Billy loves to Axe people questions. (Sponsored by Axe), This is a comment contest first: We couldn't pick a single winner because there were hundreds of you that all agreed on the same answer. Q: "What's the worst gift you can give someone for Christmas?"

A: "Herpes", 'Tis the season for glorious posts like these., Happy Holidays! 5 people who Like this win a FOD prize pack with our holiday DVD, a talking bottle opener and a sticker! That pretty much sums up how much we love you., Answer this question before 5 p.m. PST today. Make us laugh. Win a talking Funny Or Die bottle opener! Be sure to "Like" comments you think are funny to help us pick the winner!

"What's the worst gift you can give someone for Christmas?", The grumpy GOP candidate hatches a plan to steal Christmas...and the White House, Kelsey is in for a surprise when she finally decides to come out of the closet at her family Christmas dinner., Thanks for all the Shares! The winner of the Drunk History Christmas ornament signed by Ryan Gosling is Larissa-jane Ryan! 

We're giving away a bunch of cool stuff tomorrow for the holidays so stay tuned!, We're filming another video right now with Mike Tyson as Herman Cain!, A drunk girl and a high guy have very different experiences going to a zoo., There's an interesting story behind every person running in jeans., A very special Drunk History Christmas.

Someone who Shares this wins a Christmas tree ornament from the video signed by Ryan Gosling!, This isn't the most exciting hooters slip on the news, but it's still pretty good., It's that time of year again. You've hung up your proverbial podcast stocking and Comedy Bang Bang is here to stuff it! Happy Holidays!, Resistance is futile. Watch "Billy on the Street" this Thursday on Fuse TV at 11pm!, While we were unable to get the footage, we were able to obtain screengrabs from the state-run television station that broke the news to the nation., "Billy on the Street" premieres this Thursday, December 22 at 11e/10c on Fuse TV! It will be the best Christmas gift you get this year., Want more? Visit http://www.funnyordie.com/captions, Want more? Visit http://www.funnyordie.com/captions, Want more? Visit http://www.funnyordie.com/captions, Who will be elected to be the next Santa? , F*ck Cancer educates people on crucial early warning signs of cancer. Help them save lives by donating towards their 2012 operating expenses., Christmas comes early with all of these amazing links., You voted and the results are in! "Jason Voorhees - After Friday the 13th" is the winner of this week's poll. Look for it on the front of Funny Or Die next week!, Taking their ads off that show is actually the least offensive thing Lowe's has done., Old Chester (Michael Showalter) doesn't understand new-fangled automobiles with their what-naws and who-dads. Let's see what he thinks about the new Toyota Yaris., Thanks for all the Shares! Elizabeth Martinez won the script signed by Seth Rogen and Danny McBride. 

For tickets to Seth Rogen's charity show visit http://www.crowdrise.com/HilarityForCharity, Seth Rogen forgot to find a host for his Hilarity For Charity event. That's where Danny McBride comes in.

It's Freebie Friday! Someone who Shares this video wins a copy of the script from the video signed by Seth Rogen and Danny McBride!, Thanks for the fill-in's! Tracy Allen Smith is today's winner:

"Excuse me, officer- what do you mean I can't SPEND MY WELFARE CHECK ON WEED here?", It's Fill-in Friday! Fill in the blank. One of our favorite comments wins an FOD talking bottle opener!

"Excuse me, officer- what do you mean I can't ___________ here?", Sometimes having too many beautiful naked women can be a problem., We got an app that lets us put Santa in every picture we take. This is how we're using it., What have the stars of those holiday half-hour specials been up to lately?, Thanks for all the Likes! The winners of our holiday DVDs are Kelly Farrell Porter, Catherine Kelly Luikart, Terrence E. Gaylor, Just Munchie & Scott Cali.

If you win something from us PLEASE CHECK YOUR MESSAGES! We're aware that Facebook makes it difficult to see our messages & we're changing our system in 2012. In the meantime, CHECK YOUR MESSAGES IF YOU WON SOMETHING FROM US! We always contact our winners and ship our prizes. Thanks!, Brilliant man on Maury is convinced that Tom from MySpace got his girlfriend pregnant., Our new game show "Billy on the Street" starring Billy Eichner premieres December 22 on Fuse TV! Prepare yourself for the greatest show of all time., Newt Gingrich gets the Bad Lip Reading treatment., Terry Parker is the winner of today's comment contest! Q: "What's the quickest way to tell you have nothing in common with another person?"

A: If their DVR recordings include the words "Kardashian", "Housewives", or "Jersey"., Go follow FOD on Tumblr! It's an amazing feeling that you should treat yourself to.

5 people who Like this win a copy of our Best of 2011 holiday DVD! We only send them out to friends and family, so winning one pretty much makes you both., Tu hablas español? Us either but our boss does.  Will Ferrell in Casa de mi Padre in theaters March 16th , Local newspapers have the best deals. , Answer this question before 5 p.m. PST today. Make us laugh. Win a talking Funny Or Die bottle opener! Be sure to "Like" comments you think are funny to help us pick the winner!

"What's the quickest way to tell you have nothing in common with another person?", A special Drunk History Christmas is coming to you very soon. Be very excited., 
This video of a bear waving like a human is the best thing that will happen to you today.
, Thanks for the Likes! Marcie Aleman is the winner of today's T-Shirt Tuesday. Come back soon for more free stuff! We love to love you., Guess what's inside Santa's bag to win some cool prizes courtesy of State Farm Nation., The votes are in and the winners have been crowned., Louis CK answered some questions on Reddit yesterday. Here are some of the highlights., Rick Perry weighs in on Rogen, dexterous fowl, and more.

It's T-Shirt Tuesday! Someone who Likes this wins a FOD shirt! Winning one might change your life. It probably won't, but it might., 99 problems and a bitch is most of them., Vote on your favorite video. The winner goes on the Funny Or Die homepage!

http://r.FunnyOrDie.com/epoix, Why should David Stern stop at canceling legitimate trades?, Things get crazy in the conclusion to Freshen Up My Whip., It's time for everyone's favorite Christmas carol!, It's hard to believe Avatar only came out a year ago. That's probably because it came out two years ago., Want more? Visit http://www.funnyordie.com/captions, Want more? Visit http://www.funnyordie.com/captions, Want more? Visit http://www.funnyordie.com/captions, Ever get the feeling that Google maps cars are following you? It's because they are., Skramb is the coolest new word on the block, learn about skramb today so you can impress your friends., We found out that we're the only ones on the internet who does a link dump. Isn't that great and totally accurate? We knew you'd be happy., You voted and the results are in! "Michael Andrews: Cat Actor" is the winner of this week's poll. Look for it on the front page of FOD next week!, Jesus Christ of Nazareth would like to take this opportunity to refute Republican presidential candidate Rick Perry's most recent TV ad., Thanks for all the Shares! Jason Bumgarner won this Big Gulp cup signed by Rowdy Roddy Piper!, Everyone's favorite former teenage with reunites with Salem the cat.

It's Freebie Friday! Someone who Shares this wins a Big Gulp cup signed by Rowdy Roddy Piper!, Thanks for all the fill-in's! Eric Swenson is today's winner.

"It's beginning to look a lot like A MAN THE MORE I SOBER UP.", It's Fill-in Friday! Fill in the blank. One of our favorite comments wins an FOD talking bottle opener!

"It's beginning to look a lot like ________.", Let's take a look back at some of 2011's greatest time-wasters., Rick Perry's not afraid to let you know he's the worst., We shot a new episode of Piper's Pit today with Eli Roth & Rowdy Roddy Piper! Be very excited., You're gonna love this shut., Setting up a bike ramp doesn't go so well for these kids., Leaving a voicemail is probably the worst thing you can do to someone., Take a look inside of the office responsible for sending you thousands of emails every month., Joseph Dilascio is the winner of this week's comment contest! Q: "What's the hottest gift this holiday season?"

A: "A 'I occupied Wall Street and all I got was this lousy t-shirt' shirt.", Ever heard of Anchorman? What about Step Brothers? Our boss Adam McKay wrote those movies! That should be reason enough to subscribe to his Facebook page immediately., It's the most terrible time of the year., Answer this question before 5 p.m. PST today. Make us laugh. Win a talking Funny Or Die bottle opener! Be sure to "Like" comments you think are funny to help us pick the winner!

"What's the hottest gift this holiday season?", Emma Roberts stars in "The Girl With The Tramp Stamp Tattoo", This movie looks a lot better than "New Years Eve" which isn't saying very much., Thanks for all the Shares! Allyson Nelson is the winner of today's T-Shirt Tuesday. Come back soon for more prizes. 'Tis the season for lots of free stuff., This is by far the cutest phobia., Comrades forever., Actresses need a place to hone their craft. That's why Aubrey Plaza, Lizzy Caplan, Lake Bell and Casey Wilson visit the Home for Actresses.

It's T-Shirt Tuesday! Someone who Shares this video wins a FOD shirt! It's really cold lately, you need at least a t-shirt to go outside., Game Genie was a great way to teach 90's kids that you can always get around the system with a little extra cash/info., Vote on your favorite video. The winner goes on the Funny Or Die homepage!

http://r.FunnyOrDie.com/epoix, Remember the Internet in the 90's? In case you forgot, these websites should jog your memory., A rapper turned TV personality helps out a whip in need of some serious freshening up., Damon Lindelof stops by a very special live episode of "How Did This Get Made?" to discuss how "Superman III" is a film that exists., "Really excited to see Madonna at the Super Bowl Halftime show!" -Nobody, not even Madonna, Want more? Visit http://www.funnyordie.com/captions, Want more? Visit http://www.funnyordie.com/captions, Want more? Visit http://www.funnyordie.com/captions, You wouldn't like Lenny Kravitz when he's angry., This might be the creepiest thing you see today., 
These are the only links on the internet. Fact., Nick Thune, Jay Johnston and Brett Gelman debate the best way to use the new Earwolf app., T-Pain's real voice may shock and surprise you., TGIF, you guys!, Thanks for all the Shares! Jerry Rosenblum won this awesome hand drawn poster from the "Katherine Heigl Hates Balls" video signed by Katherine Heigl!, Tim Meadows stars in this 1986 sexual harassment training video for Godfather's Pizza.

It's Freebie Friday! Someone who Shares this wins a poster from the "Katherine Heigl Hates Balls" video signed by Katherine Heigl! The perfect way to let your friends know you can't stand testicles., Thanks for all the fill-in's! Courtney McDonald Acosta is today's winner:

"Time flies when you're READING ALL THESE LAME-ASS COMMENTS.", It's Fill-in Friday! Fill in the blank. One of our favorite comments wins an FOD talking bottle opener!

"Time flies when you're ___________.", A year and a half ago Allison was diagnosed with Chronic Pimp Walk. This is her story., Anyone writing an article about Michelle Obama's arms needs to seriously re-evaluate what they're doing with their life., Aziz Ansari sits down to talk about "30 Minutes or Less" but his interviewer gets a little distracted by his new Sony Internet TV Blu-ray Disc Player., We shot a video today with Seth Rogen and Danny McBride! This was their triumphant pose when we wrapped., The manual cops read before pepper-spraying a group of protesters., Adam Scott presents this behind-the-scenes look at the world's worst first assistant director starring Ken Marino. , It's barely December and Christmas music already needs to relax., Do you want to make a difference in the world? Then you need to visit http://ihateballs.com, Fatguy Kznd is the winner of today's comment contest! Q: "What was the highlight of your Thanksgiving?"

A: "Watching my roommate make a bong out of a turkey and then eat it", Watch this mind blowing teaser for "Tim & Eric's Billion Dollar Movie" immediately., Would you follow your friends if they jumped off a bridge? Of course not! Should you follow us on Tumblr? Of course! 

(Those are two completely different situations with different meanings of the word "follow." It makes sense that your choice of appropriate action would vary.)

http://funnyordie.tumblr.com
, Look for it soon at your local Starbucks., Answer this question before 5 p.m. PST today. Make us laugh. Win a talking Funny Or Die bottle opener! Be sure to "Like" comments you think are funny to help us pick the winner!

"What was the highlight of your Thanksgiving?", Patrice O'Neal explains how to tell how pretty a white women is., A dramatic re-enactment of the greatest album intro in Hip-Hop history., Thanks for all the Likes! Lillian Franko is the winner of today's T-Shirt Tuesday! Come back soon for more stuff. We're giving away something tomorrow. IS IT A BRAND NEW CAR?!? Nope. It'll still be pretty cool though., Director Alex Fernie uses downtime on set to tell Katherine Heigl about a fish he once caught., She can still put her foot in her mouth using a keyboard., Bob Odenkirk is court ordered to participate in Phil Gower's new age therapy session to help resolve his anger management issues.

It's T-Shirt Tuesday! Someone who Likes this wins a FOD shirt. You don't have to actually like it in real life, but you probably should. It's a really good video., Katherine Heigl has a new campaign to save the world by eliminating testicles., Izabella Miko wants you to know that size definitely matters., Jerry Sandusky's job hunt is not going to be easy., The only possible explanation for this audio clip is ancient aliens., Excited about Cyber Monday! A/S/L?, Want more? Visit http://www.funnyordie.com/captions, Want more? Visit http://www.funnyordie.com/captions, Want more? Visit http://www.funnyordie.com/captions, The only way Clint Howard's team of scientists can stop an incoming asteroid is if they can agree on its size.
, Happy week after Thanksgiving! Let us all sit back and remember how we weren't working and enjoy some links., John Boehner can't stop crying about things., It's weird that dogs eventually look like their owners & married couples eventually look like they're miserable., Twilight characters have a lot to be thankful for., Just find the kid with all the toys and do everything you can to avoid these nutjobs., This turkey has a little kick to it. , Responding to all work emails this week with "F*ck Business, Get Turkey" so people know not to expect too much., Skyler Stone occupies Twilight when he bumrushes a crew of losers waiting in line to see Breaking Dawn at midnight. 
, It's like "Drive" with Ryan Gosling, except more delicious., Thanks for all the Likes! Andrew Emerson won today's T-Shirt Tuesday. Come back soon for more stuff!, Keith Stone muses on prey, hurricanes, beast drawings & pet names., In your face, UC Davis., These floats are strange and unusual., Women come to Herman Cain's defense against the sexual harassment charges.

It's T-Shirt Tuesday! Someone who Likes this wins a FOD shirt! It's the only thing keeping the world safe from your disgusting upper body., Nickelback sits down to figure out why everyone in Detroit hates Nickelback., Vote on your favorite video. The winner goes on the Funny Or Die homepage!

http://r.FunnyOrDie.com/epoix, These images should actually make your eyes feel pretty good., "Weird" Al Yankovic, James Adomian and Jim Bianco stop by to chat with the Sklar Brothers., Bored? Pick random restaurants on Yelp and leave 5 star reviews that all say, "Be sure to ask for the orange goo off their secret menu!", Want more? Visit http://www.funnyordie.com/captions, Want more? Visit http://www.funnyordie.com/captions, Rowdy Roddy Piper returns to host Tampa's longest running public access show., Julie Klausner whispers stuff to James Urbaniak's cat.
, These are the only links on the internet. We swear., If you refuse, he'll haunt your prostate., You voted and the results are in! Porn Star Sasha Grey Reads to School Children is the winner of this week's poll! Look for it on the front of FOD this week., Time to listen to people say stuff!, Thanks for all the Shares! Heather Speaks won today's FOD prize pack w/ a FOD shirt, FOD hoodie, pack of Kenny Powers baseball cards & a FOD script signed by Emma Roberts!, Not another pregnancy comedy...

It's Freebie Friday! Someone who Shares this wins a FOD prize pack with a FOD shirt, a FOD hoodie and two super cool mystery prizes!, Thanks for all the fill-in's! Eric Ostler is today's winner: 

"You had me at 'LET'S GET CHOCOLATE FILLED TAQUITOS, BEER AND WATCH SPANISH SOAP OPERAS.'", It's Fill-in Friday! Fill in the blank. One of our favorite comments wins an FOD talking bottle opener!

"You had me at '______.'", If you like videos where a puppy gives a cat a massage, you will probably like this video., Sarah McLachlan's sad animal commercials mess with the American pursuit of happiness more than Al-Qaeda., The KRDL Hands on a Car Competition continues! There can be only one winner., This is a video you should watch immediately. Just trust us. , "Siri, remind me to vote for someone else.", Kristen Wiig has a few bright ideas to solve this thing., Dance like no ones watching. Sing like no ones listening. Live everyday like Maury told you its not your baby., It's a surprisingly close battle., Thanks for all the Likes! The winners of today's hoodies are Katelin Turner, Ed Hobson, Daphne Taulman, Amanda Leney & Kenny Hughes. Come back soon for more free stuff!, Josh Grissam is the winner of today's comment contest! Q: "What would be your campaign slogan if you were running for President?" 

A: "I have 3 slogans, but I can only remember 2 of them. Ooops.", WARNING: This might be a little disturbing to some of you., 5 people who Like this win a Funny Or Die hoodie! Why? Because we LOVE you! Yes, it's a strong word but we really mean it., Answer this question before 5pm PST TODAY. Make us laugh. Win a talking Funny Or Die bottle opener! Be sure to "Like" comments you think are funny to help us pick the winner!

"What would be your campaign slogan if you were running for President?", Thanks for not charging five dollars to hold my money! No, really, thank you so very much!, Are you a psychopath? Here's simple instructions on how to use the new iPhone 4S with Siri., Thanks for all the Likes! Brandi Dean is the winner of today's T-Shirt Tuesday. Come back soon for your chance to win another thing that's made so well it will likely outlive you., Kal Penn underestimates the power of Rayman Origins while trying to impress his date's kid., Now that there's no NBA this season, we get to play our company basketball games at the Staples Center!, Not classy., Governor Rick Perry has all the tips on doing a top notch job at all of the debates.

It's T-Shirt Tuesday! Someone who Likes this wins a FOD shirt. In a world where so many people don't give a shirt, we do., Mel Gibson, Jamie Foxx & Garry Shandling sit down to discuss racism & Robert Downey Jr., Vote on your favorite video. The winner goes on the Funny Or Die homepage!

http://r.FunnyOrDie.com/epoix, Keep this guy around, if only for the laughs. , David might be an HTC expert, but Jim Gaffigan taught him everything he knows about customizing a phone., Time for a podcast! Scott and Jason are joined by Chip Gardner, former television personality and (hopefully) future Honorary Mayor of Hollywood. , So sad the NBA guys with tons of money couldn't reach an agreement with the filthy rich NBA guys re: making more $$$., Want more? Visit http://www.funnyordie.com/captions, Want more? Visit http://www.funnyordie.com/captions, If you like Tosh.0 then you're going to LOVE Clip Cup., Eat at Nick Jays! Food so fast, you'll see yourself on the way out!, This video of a panda peeing on his sleeping friend reminds us that pandas are adorable & friends can be real dicks., Potheads are good at all kinds of things, but they're especially good at driving with their knees & the metric system., And all of the superheroes., You voted and the results are in! "Keep Kurt Russell In The Dark" is the winner of this week's facebook poll. Look for it on the front of FOD this week!, You're in good company, Penn State., Thanks for all the Shares! Rafael Cifuentes is the winner of this giant Godfather's Pizza coffee mug signed by Mike Tyson! Come back next Friday for more cool free stuff., Meet Zooey Deschanel's whimsical little brother Jooey Deschanel!

It's Freebie Friday! Someone who Shares this video wins a giant Godfather's Pizza mug signed by Mike Tyson!, Thanks for all the fill-in's! Jon Madsen is today's winner:

"Really excited to get out there and BUY A VETERAN A DRINK this weekend!", It's Fill-in Friday! Fill in the blank. One of our favorite comments wins an FOD talking bottle opener!

"Really excited to get out there and ____________ this weekend!", The classic story of boy meets girl, girl has scarf, scarf ruins everything., Michelle Duggar from "19 Kids & Counting" is pregnant w/ her 20th child. New title of the show: "What The Hell Is Wrong With These People?", See more at http://funnyordie.com/politics, See more at http://funnyordie.com/politics, See more at http://funnyordie.com/politics, See more at http://funnyordie.com/politics, See more at http://funnyordie.com/politics, Time to fill this slot., Herman Cain (Mike Tyson) has some new lyrics for John Lennon's classic song., Eddie Murphy & Brett Ratner should start their own awards show across the street from the Oscars with strippers and cocaine and no awards., The "L. DiCaprio" trailer tells the story of an actor who will do anything to win an Oscar., Jonathan Yates is this week's comment contest winner! Q: "What are the three best words to hear?"

A: "COMMENT CONTEST WINNER!", Mom's deserve more than just one day a year. Find out about Mother's Month and how you can win a chance to meet Will Ferrell., We launched a new politics section of our site called Live Funny or Die! All the political humor you can handle in this already hilarious 2012 race., The inevitable courtroom scene., Answer this question before 5pm PST TODAY. Make us laugh. Win a talking Funny Or Die bottle opener! Be sure to "Like" comments you think are funny to help us pick the winner!

"What are the three best words to hear?", Embattled GOP presidential candidate Herman Cain has some bold plans for the future of America., The feel bad anthem of Fall 2011., Thanks for all the Likes! Ramona Melendez is the winner of this week's T-Shirt Tuesday. Come back soon for more clothing and free stuff., Vote on your favorite video. The winner goes on the Funny Or Die homepage!

http://r.FunnyOrDie.com/epoix, 2012 sided dice., Mike Tyson's impression of Herman Cain is a good reason to click this immediately.

It's T-Shirt Tuesday! Someone who Likes this wins a FOD shirt! It might be the best thing that happens to you in this often times miserable mortal existence. , There's probably a porn star out there named Patty Mayonnaise. That's gross for so many reasons., If you don't take off your sunglasses when you go inside, at what point do you decide to take them off? In bed? In the shower?, David and Jim Gaffigan show you the ins and outs of multitasking on the HTC Titan., Turn off your anxious thoughts, tell your worries to come back later and let your brain soak in the nectar of Rattle Crackle Crunch Tang., Finally! You can smell just like Snooki., Want more? Visit http://www.funnyordie.com/captions, Want more? Visit http://www.funnyordie.com/captions, This is perfect., Sometimes saying nothing says so much., Glenn Marzipan (Thomas Lennon) interviews Tom Lenny (Thomas Lennon)., Telling someone to calm down really doesn't seem to have the desired effect., Good news! We've got links! What a world we live in!, You voted and the results are in! "Colonel Gaddafi: The Lost Footage" is the winner of this week's poll. Look for it on the front of FOD this week!, This latest edition of TIger Beat is a great read., KRDL presents the 6th annual Hands on a Car Competition! Keep your hand on the Chevy Sonic long enough and you get to take it home!, Thanks for all the comments! Phil Gomulinski is the winner of a signed bottle of Sunny D from the "Scary Girl with Chloe Moretz" video!, Darrell Hammond interviews Darrell Hammond to talk about his new memoir. 

It's Freebie Friday! Write a comment with your favorite line/moment from this video and we'll send one of you a bottle of Sunny D signed by Chloe Moretz!, Thanks for all the fill-in's! Brandie Patton is today's winner:

"Siri, remind me to GO TO THE F*CKING CATALINA WINE MIXER! when I get home.", It's Fill-in Friday! Fill in the blanks. One of our favorite comments wins an FOD talking bottle opener!

"Siri, remind me to ____________ when I get home.", Hollywood insider Jesse Miller visits the "World Famous" Hollywood El Pollo Loco where Brad Pitt worked n the mid 1980's., Drugs make people sit down in weird places., WARNING: This might blow your mind., Welcome to Dumpsville! Population: You., Find out what became of all the classic characters in everybody's favorite childhood baseball movie "Sluggers.", Online dating profiles are all about word choice. "Breakfast Lover" gets a way better response than "Cereal Rapist.", "Hold my beer, Grandma. I need to show the Internet what time it is.", Brandon Bulman is the winner of this week's comment contest! Q: "If they made a movie about your life, what would it be called?"

A: "Home Alone 5: Lost in The North Korean Black Market", There are 3 things you should know: 1) We have a tumblr. 2) You should check it out. 3) We all saw you do that thing the other day and it's seriously gross. Cut it out.

http://funnyordie.tumblr.com
, Make sure you try the Corn This Way tamale., Answer this question before 5pm PST TODAY. Make us laugh. Win a talking Funny Or Die bottle opener! Be sure to "Like" comments you think are funny to help us pick the winner!

"If they made a movie about your life, what would it be called?", Harold & Kumar sing all of your favorite hits in this must have holiday compilation., Michele Bachmann is having a lot of trouble keeping people on her campaign, especially in New Hampshire., Thanks for all the Likes! Lorraine Victoria is the winner of today's T-Shirt Tuesday. Come back soon for more clothing. It keeps you warm when it's cold. A brave new world, indeed!, On this episode of "How Did This Get Made?" the gang discusses "Leprechaun in the Hood" with special guest Kumail Nanjiani., There's a hilarious new Funny Or Die game show with Billy Eichner coming to TV! Here's a little taste.

Also, it's T-Shirt Tuesday! Someone who Likes this wins a FOD shirt. Take the shirt off our back and put it on yours., Creeping up on people = unacceptable behavior in 2011., Vote on your favorite video. The winner goes on the Funny Or Die homepage!

http://r.FunnyOrDie.com/epoix
, When giving out candy to trick-or-treaters, a person's worth can be measured in Snickers., Jonathon Banks (Mike from Breaking Bad!) tells the most grizzly cowboy tale of all time., Watch Will Ferrell accept the Mark Twain Prize for American Humor tonight at 9pm on PBS!
, The scariest thing this Halloween is the amount of Kardashian coverage on the national news., Want more? Visit http://www.funnyordie.com/captions, Want more? Visit http://www.funnyordie.com/captions, If you want a creepy little girl for your scary movie, you need to get Enid., This guy is the big winner., Gwen Ifill talks about Will Ferrell at the Mark Twain Awards. Watch the whole show tomorrow at 9pm on PBS!, Meet Clint, the guy who throws cats into frame in every scary movie., Just a heads up: not all of them actually have to do with Halloween. But don't worry, they all have razor blades in them., Jack Black gets things started at the Mark Twain awards. Tune in to watch Will Ferrell accept his award tomorrow night on PBS!, A lot of dudes dressed like "Delusional Guy Who Thinks A Scorpion Jacket Will Get Him Laid" at this party., This might be the most terrifying thing you see all day. , You voted and the results are in! "Paula Deen Presents 'Buttuer' Perfume" is the winner of this week's poll. Look for it on the front of FOD this week!, These people need to be stopped/punched in the stomach., Thanks for all the comments! Brett O. Walker is the winner of this beautiful Apple computer signed by Mike Tyson! Look for it in an upcoming FOD video starring Iron Mike., This gritty, sexy and terrifying reboot is here just in time for Halloween. 

It's Freebie Friday! Write a comment with your favorite line/moment from this video and we'll send one of you an Apple computer signed by Mike Tyson! Seriously., Thanks for all the fill-in's! William Andrew Brewer is today's winner:  

"Don't bother inviting me to your Halloween party unless there will be plenty of GIRLS BUTT CHEEKS CLAPPING.", It's Fill-in Friday! Fill in the blanks. One of our favorite comments wins an FOD talking bottle opener!

"Don't bother inviting me to your Halloween party unless there will be plenty of _________ .", This is what "Drive" would look like if it was starring a hard drive., Joy Division?!? More like Mope Squad!!! No, but seriously- that guy killed himself., We shot a video yesterday with Mike Tyson! This is the disguise he wears around so nobody recognizes him., Do you watch Community? Do you drink alcohol? If yes to both, this Community drinking game is for you!, That's gotta hurt. It's also probably gotta kill you, right? Is that guy dead?, Better to be silent & thought a fool than open your mouth & eat a McRib., John Hodgman is The Deranged Millionaire in the trailer for his final book of complete world knowledge., Danny Podlubny is the winner of this week's comment contest! Q: "What's the best Halloween costume you can put together for under $10?"
 
A: "phyco killer... just walk aroung in ur eveyday clothes and stair at people like u have a plan for them"

(editor's note: For some reason, the spelling errors made this an even more incredible answer.), Or it's an LSD Win depending on how you look at it., It's not a happy Halloween for these little guys., Answer this question before 5pm PST TODAY. Make us laugh. Win a talking Funny Or Die bottle opener! Be sure to "Like" comments you think are funny to help us pick the winner!

"What's the best Halloween costume you can put together for under $10?", Larry David, Sarah Silverman, Zach Galifianakis, Amy Poehler and more discuss how Will Ferrell touched them personally., This news anchor is tired of trying to keep up with the Kardashians., Thanks for all the Likes! Patrick Giard is the winner of this week's T-Shirt Tuesday. Come back soon, we give you stuff constantly., Someone brought a puppy to a meeting yesterday. Nobody was allowed to talk unless they were holding the dog., No one man should have all this laughter., The Occupy Wall Street movement finally hits Main Street.

It's T-Shirt Tuesday! Someone who Likes this wins a FOD shirt. Wear it to the gym or wear it while you sleep or wear it while you sleep at the gym! The choice is yours!, If you have your cake and don't eat it, you don't deserve cake., Vote on your favorite video. The winner goes on the Funny Or Die homepage!

http://r.FunnyOrDie.com/epoix, Who says vandalism is a bad thing?, Comedian Lenny Clarke recently shot a commercial for Weight Watchers. These are some of the takes that were left on the editing room floor., Patton Oswalt, Paul Scheer and more discuss how "Punisher: War Zone" could possibly be a movie that got made., It would be nice if it was possible to miss a human being as much as Breaking Bad., Want more? Visit http://www.funnyordie.com/captions, Want more? Visit http://www.funnyordie.com/captions, Renowned banjo player Noam Pikelny decides he's finally going to sing on his new record., 
Some heroes are real old., The time has come for links., Found out they make slutty astronaut Halloween costumes. Girls can grow up to be anything! Just as long as it's slutty., Surprised this took so long to get leaked., You voted and the results are in! "Awkward Phone Sex" is the winner of this week's poll. Look for it on the front of FOD this week., Such a noble creature. So much like us., Just some pictures of penguins wearing sweaters. TGIF, you guys!, Thanks for all the comments! Mike White is the winner of this week's Freebie Friday mystery prize.

He won a copy of the 'Clinton Foundation: Celebrity Division' script signed by Kevin Spacey! Come back soon for more of our stuff. We want you to have it, honest., Finally! Different types of Siri for different types of people.

It's Freebie Friday! Post your favorite line/moment from this video and we'll give one of you a super cool mystery prize! Hint: It's from a video we released this week.
, Thanks for all the fill-in's! John Roman is today's winner:

"The lamest Halloween costume this year will be A PREGNANT CASEY ANTHONY.", It's Fill-in Friday! Fill in the blanks. One of our favorite comments wins an FOD talking bottle opener!

"The lamest Halloween costume this year will be __________ .", This is probably the last time Beyonce lets a fan sing into the mic at a concert., Hoping to see at least one Zombie Gaddafi wearing a crappy homemade scorpion jacket from "Drive" this Halloween., This is happening in our kitchen right now. Someone should probably call the cops., They don't need to read the script before signing the contract., Kiernan Shipka (Sally Draper on "Mad Men") has been in enough therapy on TV to qualify her to be a child psychologist., The only thing worse than the defeat of not finishing a giant burrito is the agony of finishing a giant burrito., One man's struggle for acceptance., Steven Buecher is the winner of this week's caption contest! Q: "What's the quickest way to tell you have nothing in common with a person?"

A: "If they don't know all the words to the Fresh Prince theme song", Two veteran police officers get stumped when a sinister villain sends them a Rubik's Cube to solve., Follow FOD on twitter! It will be the best decision you make all day today. To be fair, you make terrible decisions: http://twitter.com/funnyordie, Umm...  did anyone get the B.Y.O. lifeboat memo?, Answer this question before 5pm PST TODAY. Make us laugh. Win a talking Funny Or Die bottle opener! Be sure to "Like" comments you think are funny to help us pick the winner!

"What's the quickest way to tell you have nothing in common with a person?", Thanksgiving just came early., The incredible true story of Matt Millen's horrific run as general manager of the Detroit Lions., Casey Dubois is the winner of this week's T-Shirt Tuesday! Come back real soon for more clothes. Being naked isn't really a good look for you., Shawn Marion teaches a 10 year old kid how to shoot dice on the set of the NBA Lock-In sketch., Cowabunga! , Herman Cain loves two things: running for president and singing songs about pizza.

It's T-Shirt Tuesday! Someone who Likes this wins a FOD shirt. Why? Because you really should wear clothes. People are starting to talk., Ben Stiller, Kristen Wiig, Jack Black, Matt Damon, Sean Penn, Ted Danson & Mary Steenburgen brainstorm ideas for the Clinton Foundation's 10th anniversary., Vote on your favorite video. The winner goes on the Funny Or Die homepage!

http://r.FunnyOrDie.com/epoix, Never before seen clips and outtakes from the past 4 years of awesome HIGH-FIVE videos., Do as Harold & Kumar do…and follow the munchies truck. Vote for the #HK3D Munchies Truck to visit your local college:

http://on.fb.me/mVAsQf, Bob Ducca lists all the TV induced ailments his family suffers from including different strokes and facts of lice., That moment when you're thankful nobody can hear your awful thoughts. Then become terrified someone just heard that thought., Thieves will think twice before pocketing your new smart phone., Even paying rent is meaningful when you're listening to Sigur Ros., There's something wrong with you if there's nothing wrong with you., Enjoy some weekend links. Or don't. Your call, man., Hank Williams drops a new single on Obama, Hitler, Fox & Friends, ESPN and everyone else out there who wants change., Thanks for all the comments! Andrea Megan Stamper is the winner of today's Freebie Friday. 

She won a script from the NBA Lock-In sketch signed by Tyson Chandler, Kevin Love, Shawn Marion and James Urbaniak!, This is easily the best video about brownies on any website., The best high school news program you'll ever watch.

It's Freebie Friday! Someone who comments with their favorite line/moment from this video wins a very special mystery prize!, It's only a matter of time before these machines become self aware and enslave us, but until then let's have a laugh., Thanks for all the fill-ins! Monty Cox is today's winner:

"When you're going out with your friends tonight to PLAY HUMAN CENTIPEDE, make sure you bring PREPARATION H and leave your THREE BEAN CHILI at home.", Welcome to Fill-in Friday! Fill in the blanks. Our favorite comment wins an FOD talking bottle opener!

"When you're going out with your friends tonight to (BLANK), make sure you bring a (BLANK) and leave your (BLANK) at home.", NBA stars Jared Dudley, Kyle Lowry and Al Harrington talk about the NBA lockout and life with Funny Or Die correspondent Jason Sereno., These tweets are baffling, but so is the fact that some people follow Chili's on twitter., Think stupid., Time to blow the lid off this whole cereal thing., Damn, nature! You scary!, People who honk in traffic when nobody can move seem like really chill, reasonable people. Probably a lot of fun to hang out with., This cat learned how to say "no." God help us all if the other cats become this intelligent., Some teachers don't give an F.

Thanks for all your terrible classroom experiences! Want more? Go watch Bad Teacher on DVD/Blu-Ray!, Cody Bonner is the winner of this week's comment contest! Q: "What was your worst classroom experience?"

A: "being called boner by every single substitute teacher, principal, and cop on campus. seriously, my name has two n's in it.", A handy breakdown of Mitt Romney and friends., These subject lines are getting a little ridiculous., Answer this question before 5pm PST TODAY. Make us laugh. Win a talking Funny Or Die bottle opener! Be sure to "Like" comments you think are funny to help us pick the winner!

"What was your worst classroom experience?", The NBA lockout forces Tyson Chandler, Kevin Love & Shawn Marion into a middle school lock-in sleepover., Bob Odenkirk helps The Black Keys sell a used car in this local TV ad., Thanks for all the Likes! Tanner Blazeby is the winner of today's T-Shirt Tuesday. Come back real soon for more free stuff!, FOD's head honcho Adam McKay is making a documentary about the educational system in America. Read all about it!, 'Tis the season for being terrified., A local news team blows the lid off an underground Four Loko party. (must be 21+), Kenny Loggins is back! And he's ready to write songs for every hit movie coming out this year.

Also, it's T-Shirt Tuesday! Someone who Likes this wins a shirt. What kind of shirt? A MAGIC SHIRT! Or a FOD shirt. Whatever's around., Ricist = only eating white OR brown rice. Not out of any preference, but because that's how your ricist parents raised you., A ridiculous report from the Occupy Wall Street movement., Happy Columbus Day! Celebrate by going to get Indian food for dinner & killing someone for their land along the way., It's podcast time! This week on Comedy Bang Bang: Jon Hamm, Nick Lowe, and Garry Marshall., Some people probably lost their jobs over these headlines., Want more? Visit http://www.funnyordie.com/captions, Two people try to piece together their wild night after waking up next to each other., George Lucas just can't stop making changes to the original Star Wars., Asteroids are headed for Los Angeles, and only those chosen for the evacuation lottery will survive!, You look bored. These links should fix that!, This video of a cheerleader attempting to do a backflip reminds us that we all have limitations., You voted and the results are in- "My Roommate Is: MARIO!" is the winner of this week's poll! Look for it on the front of FOD this week., There's no better way to humbly pay tribute to one of the icons of our time than to reminisce about all the free products he gave you. , Jell-oet Laureate Bill Cosby Bukowski recites his new Jell-oem., These glorious pieces only begin to do the man justice., This goat sounds just like a lady yelling. TGIF!, He handles it like a real pro., The only news show you ever need to watch., It might've been a very different jacket., These pictures are the reason someone invented frames., This video of a dog being afraid of Julia Roberts is the best thing that will happen to you all day., "This door must remain closed at all times." ...so why not just make it a wall?, This video of two old ladies shotgunning beers in a parking lot remind us that life is short, so enjoy it., Sorry, guys. No winner for today's comment contest. We all lost. RIP Steve Jobs., Did you know we have a Tumblr? It's pretty cool! You should probably check it out. Unless you hate amazing things.

http://funnyordie.tumblr.com
, Hank Williams Jr. does his best to apologize for comparing Obama to Hitler. , Answer this question before 5pm PST TODAY. Make us laugh. Win a talking Funny Or Die bottle opener! Be sure to "Like" comments you think are funny to help us pick the winner!

"What's the one feature missing from the new iPhone?", After his first keynote, Tim Cook was greeted with some friendly iChats from his former mentor., If you like Beauty and the Beast, you're probably going to love this video., Thanks for all the Likes! Anna Carden Palmer is the winner of T-Shirt Tuesday. Come back soon for more free clothing!, Even the rich jerks in the top 1% have problems., We're shooting today w/ Ray Wise from Robocop! He came to set on a pair of rollerblades from the future., New Apple CEO Tim Cook prepares for his Apple Keynote to introduce the iPhone 4S., Don't you hate it when the people serving you coffee are complete snobs?

It's T-Shirt Tuesday! Someone who Likes this wins a FOD shirt! Put some clothes on already. , When a coworker asks if you got a haircut, a fun response is: "Shit no. What are you, some kind of idiot? I quit.", Get your links! Hot links! Hastily rounded up links!, Vote on your favorite video. The winner goes on the Funny Or Die homepage!

http://r.FunnyOrDie.com/epoix, Podcast time! Harris Wittels tries to convince a skeptical Scott Aukerman that Phish is a good band., Sure, like the guy in the $5,000 suit needs to click this link. COME ON!, When Ricky goes camping he just wants to chill out, relax and do a ton of cocaine., It's not TV, it's fake HBO., This would've made it a very different movie., People want to know if Hollywood is run by the Jews and Jay Baruchel has the answer., You voted and the results are in! "Dance of the Manwhore" is the winner of this week's poll. Look for it on the front of FOD this week!, Just shut up and take our money already, Apple!, Are you a terrible husband? This is the cell phone for you!, Who are the ad wizards who came up with these?, Take a look at the making of Toddlers & Tiaras with Ashley Tisdale & Leah Remini., Are you tired of hipsters ruining your day and making your life miserable? We have a solution for you!, The key to longevity in any artform is reinvention., NBA stars Kevin Love, Tyson Chandler & Shawn Marion were watching their favorite FOD videos during downtime on set yesterday. $1,000,000,000 to anyone who can guess what video they're watching here., Today's forecast: mistakes on live television. , A primer in pugs., Every action has an equal & opposite reaction. AKA the "If you see Scarlett Johansson's nipple, you'll see Nancy Grace's nipple" theorem., A dyslexic newscaster attempts reading the prompter live on air., Scott DeYager is the winner of this week's comment contest! Q: "If you could have 3 wishes, what would they be?" 

A: "1.) Less Kim 2.) Less Kortney 3.) Way less Khloe", Thanks for helping us support F-Cancer all month! 5 people who Likes this win an F-Cancer T-shirt!, Get out there and vote! Or don't. That's your call, man., Answer this question before 5pm PST TODAY. Make us laugh. Win a talking Funny Or Die bottle opener! Be sure to "Like" comments you think are funny to help us pick the winner!

"If you could have 3 wishes, what would they be? NO WISHING FOR MORE WISHES!", "Toddlers and Tiaras: Where Are They Now?" catches up with Makenzie (Ashley Tisdale) and her mother (Leah Remini) 22 years later., This guy knows how to tell the local news about a car crash: lots of details & sound effects., Thanks for all the Likes! Charity Chadwick is the winner of T-Shirt Tuesday and Omari Averette is the winner of the Blake Griffin script. Come back soon for more free stuff!, A behind the scenes pic from one of our Blake Griffin shoots. Someone who Likes this wins a copy of the script signed by Blake!, "We could put a large banner across the back of the stage: Gel Impact is responsible for the written versions of the jokes this comedian is saying." You are missed, Mitch Hedberg., Be excited. Be very excited., Helpful PSA reminds the public that steamrollers serve many functions besides just crushing people.

It's T-Shirt Tuesday! Someone who Likes this wins a FOD shirt. Because we like you., Professional poker players dress like professional assholes., ...and that's why you don't tell secrets on a first date., Vote on your favorite video. The winner goes on the Funny Or Die homepage!

http://r.FunnyOrDie.com/epoix, Time to start ignoring those work emails and start listening to a podcast! On this brand new episode of Comedy Bang Bang: Todd Barry, Nick Thune and the music of Matthew Sweet!, The world would be a better place if everyone could just shut up & take a joke. In that order., Thomas Lennon hosts this exciting new reality show where contestants are pulled off the street and then immediately forced to vote each other off., The force is strong with this video., "Drive" would've really sucked with bad music., This is just a good video of a horse riding shotgun in a car., A helpful Q&A to put everyone at ease., We interviewed the biggest pop stars working today to get their opinions on the news that R.E.M. broke up. Here's what they had to say., Whoever says soccer is boring never saw this kid get hit in the face with a ball., Mark Zuckerberg is tired of all your complaining and thinks maybe you should've read the "terms and conditions.", Theo approved., Judd Apatow took control of our twitter account on Monday to answer your questions. Missed it? Don't worry! We've got you covered with his 10 best tweets. Oh yeah, and Bridesmaids is now available on Blu-ray and DVD., We're shooting a video today with Rico from Starship Troopers, two hot girls (one dressed as a mummy) and a crossbow. It's a good day at the office. , Enough lying to the press to make yourself look good, celebrities. It's time you opened up and let out everything you've been keeping in., Medical marijuana is great for treating symptoms of headaches, nausea and "I want to see the Lion King 3D really high", You haven't made it as a basketball superstar until you get a tiny puppet version of yourself., Being hot isn't always a good thing... http://ow.ly/6Bctd, This cat is confused and scared by a printer. Such a noble creature! So much like us., Jerry Banditø is the winner of this week's comment contest! Q: "What's the worst thing a roommate has ever done to you?"

A: He gave me a little brother :(, Here's a highlight reel of the surveillance camera we set up in Blake Griffin's office., Follow us on twitter! It's refreshing to all of your senses and surprisingly low in calories.

http://twitter.com/funnyordie
, They really did get robbed for Bowfinger., Answer this question before 5pm PST TODAY. Make us laugh. Win a talking Funny Or Die bottle opener! Be sure to "Like" comments you think are funny to help us pick the winner!

"What's the worst thing a roommate has ever done to you?", Blake Griffin doesn't just star in this sketch, he also wrote and directed it., Gary knows what he wants in a relationship. , John Albrecht is the winner of this week's T-Shirt Tuesday! Come back real soon for another chance to win some free stuff., Blake Griffin meets his new co-star: A delicious 6-foot giant sub from Subway. , By the time you finish reading this, you will be trying to remember the "Step by Step" theme song., These boys love Satan and dancing.

Also, it's T-Shirt Tuesday! Someone who Likes this wins a FOD shirt. GO! HURRY! TIME IS A FACTOR, IT'LL BE WEDNESDAY SOON!!!, Blake Griffin, Funny Or Die's newest intern, spends a day learning the ropes and trying to pitch his first video idea., Kormit has just one rockin' wish for his birthday., Vote on your favorite video. The winner goes on the Funny Or Die homepage!

http://r.FunnyOrDie.com/epoix, Need a break from your work day? Enjoy a delicious podcast! 

"How Did This Get Made?" asks that question of some of Hollywood's worst movies. This week: Gigli., Well, that was qwik., Judd Apatow has taken control of our twitter account! Go to http://twitter.com/funnyordie to ask him questions and buy Bridesmaids on Blu-ray/DVD tomorrow!, Matt Morrison from Glee tries to start a spontaneous singalong on the tour bus., Judd Apatow is taking over our Twitter account today to answer your questions! When? We're not quite sure. Any hour now! Stay tuned. Be excited. http://twitter.com/#!/funnyordie, Be careful what you wish for with the new Gears of War 3., Here's a quick guide on how to become a social pariah., TGIF, you guys!, Glad to hear Scarlett Johansson brought in the FBI. If ever there was a case for the Female Booty Inspectors, this is it., That's the best title we could come up with., All the guidance you'll need is contained in these (non-existent) books., Warning: product may have side effects., This dog is cooler than you will ever be., Truth in advertising., If you're getting eliminated from a reality show, you might as well go out in style., Never forget., Glenn Howerton from "Always Sunny in Philadelphia" leads a singalong for everyone's favorite camp song!, Sarah Palin's Glen Rice scandal is totally out of line with the GOP's values. They're interested in screwing black people by the millions, not one at a time., A helpful instructional video for ladies dealing with unwanted male attention in the club., Valentin Hernandez is the winner of this week's comment contest! Q: "If someone made a sandwich based on your life, what would be on it?" 

A: "I'm not a hundred percent sure, but shouldn't I be a burrito?", Word of the day: Neurofibromatosis. Know what it is? Didn't think so. Find out: http://ow.ly/6ifVO, Murder has never been this easy to abbreviate via text message., Answer this question before 5pm PST TODAY. Make us laugh. Win a talking Funny Or Die bottle opener! Be sure to "Like" comments you think are funny to help us pick the winner!

"If someone made a sandwich based on your life, what would be on it?", Change is inevitable but it's not always for the best., This panda just wants to rock., Thanks for all the Likes! Candace Easter DePrisco is the winner of this week's T-Shirt Tuesday. Come back real soon for another chance at more of our stuff!, We're offering you a baby you can't refuse., It's time to clear the air., Being a funny lady is serious business. 

Also, it's T-Shirt Tuesday! Someone who Likes this wins a FOD shirt. Why? Because FREE STUFF! That's why., Obama could guarantee re-election by buying a pair of the Marty McFly shoes and wearing them during every public address., Life can be a complex & overwhelming experience, so here's a video of a puppy hugging a kitten to take the edge off., You just found your new t-shirt. And some links., Kids write the darndest things when they're failing exams. Again., We're pleased to announce we now have streaming podcasts on Funny Or Die! Here's a brand new episode of Comedy Bang Bang with Zach Galifianakis!, Mom and Dad have that special talk with their kid about where podcasts come from., A friend questions his buddy's commitment to attend a BBQ., A 92 year old lady gives a perfect response when a newspaper asks her what she hopes to be in 10 years., Homemade water slides probably don't have a very high success rate., So Mel Gibson is making a movie about Jewish warrior Judah Maccabee. Cool. Very good idea and not at all disrespectful. , is lying to you because they arent going to pick the one with the most likes. -- via Lisa Nicole Ramos, Want to write our status update? Make us laugh by 11 a.m. PST, and the winner becomes our status for the rest of the day.

Be ORIGINAL and "Like" your favorite comments to help us pick a winner. Finish this sentence: Funny Or Die is ..., A small child attempts to jump down a slide. "Attempts" is the operative word., Never underestimate your fellow online consumer., Check out this Best of Nick Swardson video playlist on FOD - then go see him in Bucky Larson: Born To Be A Star tomorrow! So much to do and so little time!, Feel like having your dreams haunted by terrifying images? This is the article for you!, Obama's speech on jobs was leaked today a few hours before he delivers it on TV., There are some videos you should watch just because the title is amazing. This video, titled "Ticklish Cage," is one of them., The world would be a better place if every email had an "unsubscribe" button., There are grandpas and then there are cool grandpas. And then there's holy crap it's Grandpa Mikey., Adam Moore is the winner of this week's comment contest! Q: "What's a sequel you would love to see get made?"

A: "SCHINDLER's LIST 2....hes checking it twice", Did you know we have a Tumblr? Now you do! Go follow us over there, it might just be the best choice you make all day 

http://funnyordie.tumblr.com
, Eat your f-ing broccoli!, Answer this question before 5pm PST TODAY. Make us laugh. Win a talking Funny Or Die bottle opener! Be sure to "Like" comments you think are funny to help us pick the winner!

"What's a sequel you would love to see get made?", Every presenter should be accompanied by the theme song to Beverly Hills Cop., Nick Swardson takes a ride in the Bang Van with Alexis Texas and Sunny Leone., Thanks for all the Likes! Richardo Padilla is the winner of this week's T-Shirt Tuesday. Come back next week for another chance at a free shirt., You should probably realize you have a problem when you start referring to yourself as Ron Burgundy., We moved buildings & our new office has a slide!!! Here's a video of how we get go our desks every morning., Someone turned the "November Rain" music video into a comic and it is spectacular., Two naked superheroes defend humanity against evil Mother Nature. 

It's T-Shirt Tuesday! Someone who Likes this wins a FOD shirt. It's your time to shine! Also your time to get a shirt., Tony the Tiger is pretty terrifying when you stop and think about a muscular tiger who walks upright and speaks English., No new videos today, so here's a classic clip of a fat person falling off a mechanical bull. Enjoy!, This guy takes gaming to an extreme level. Extremely pleasant and respectable. , If you liked "The Help" you're going to LOVE "The Help-less", Take a look at the making of "Captain Planet" starring Don Cheadle. The power is yours!, Everything she's saying makes sense when you realize she's actually a standup comedian., Nothing says "TGIF!" like "Take a look at these GIFs!", He just doesn't know when to stop., Beyonce's baby daddy. -- via Megan Lent, Want to write our status update? Make us laugh by 11 a.m. PST, and the winner becomes our status for the rest of the day.

Be ORIGINAL and "Like" your favorite comments to help us pick a winner. Finish this sentence: Funny Or Die is ..., Just the cops doing their jobs., This cat is not pleased., Sex shouldn't hurt ... unless you're into that kind of thing., Take a closer look at the brilliance that is Jose Canseco's twitter account., Dr. Owen Maestro (Rob Huebel) from Childrens Hospital teaches kids about the heart., Any burrito can be a breakfast burrito if you eat it early enough., If Ed Hard was an art historian, he'd probably write stuff like this., Kyle Irwin is the winner of this week's comment contest! Q: "Who's the most under appreciated person in the world and why?"

A: "Whoever the person at Funny or Die is that has to read hundreds of unfunny answers from people who want a bottle opener.", We're shooting with camp counselor Glenn Howerton from Always Sunny! He's leading the crew on a hike when we wrap., Welcome to College. First things first, get to the know people around you. Really get to know them... since there's no chance you'll ever talk to them again., Answer this question before 5pm PST TODAY. Make us laugh. Win a talking Funny Or Die bottle opener! Be sure to "Like" comments you think are funny to help us pick the winner!

"Who's the most under appreciated person in the world and why?", Don Cheadle stars in a live action version of world's most environmentally friendly cartoon. , Excellent parody of Kreayshawn's "Gucci Gucci" about a real (and delicious) LA fish taco spot., Thanks for all the Likes! George Andrew Hindmarsh is the winner of this week's T-Shirt Tuesday! See you next week for another chance to win some free clothes, Here's the GChat conversation that led to Michele's controversial remarks about Hurricane Irene., Two of the people behind the greatest video of all time offer a rare never before seen commentary track.

Also, it's T-Shirt Tuesday! Someone who Likes this post wins a FOD shirt! Why? Why not! Free stuff! Hooray!, It's probably going to get leaked a week early., Ever wondered exactly what breed your dog is? Take the Dog DNA test!, Looks like someone had a crazy weekend at the FOD office! Any idea why there's hair gel nailed to our walls?, If you look like this, everyone is laughing at you., Hurricane Irene was no joke, but these images are hilarious., He made this with his mind., You voted and the results are in! "Action Hero" is the winner of this week's Facebook poll. Look for it on front of FOD this week., People should be lining up to not see this movie., This might be NSFW because of how unbelievably sexy it is., closed indefinitely due to structural damage from the earthquake. -- via Alex Maidy, Want to write our status update? Make us laugh by 11 a.m. PST, and the winner becomes our status for the rest of the day.

Be ORIGINAL and "Like" your favorite comments to help us pick a winner. Finish this sentence: Funny Or Die is ..., Your mom might as well be a professional Dougie instructor with these moves., This is ladies night, and the feel is terrifying., We're nominated for Best Company in the National Lampoon Twitter Awards! Vote for us! Please? Pretty please with all kinds of cherries up on top? Thanks! We wish we could vote for you for best people ever., Our intern Blake Griffin got into some trouble with the law. Anyone know a good attorney?, The thing that makes the least amount of sense: Why are you watching Ernest Goes to Jail?, Sometimes winning feels the same as losing., More like Steve Unemployeds., Chris Emery is the winner of this week's comment contest! Q: "What's the worst compliment you've ever received?"

A: "You look like a fat Chris Farley.", We're excited to announce our new partnership with Klout! Read all about it., Our new intern Blake Griffin brought lunch for the whole office! He's the best., So many countries! So many problems! Here's a helpful guide to understanding all of them., Answer this question before 5pm PST TODAY. Make us laugh. Win a talking Funny Or Die bottle opener! Be sure to "Like" comments you think are funny to help us pick the winner!

"What's the worst compliment you've ever received?", That's gotta hurt. , Sometimes the problem is the dog, but usually the owner is just an idiot., Thanks for all the Likes! Drew Shafer is the winner of this week's T-Shirt Tuesday. Come back next week for another chance to win a million dollars! Wait, never mind. Meant to say a free shirt!, NBA star Blake Griffin started his internship here at Funny Or Die today! This is not a joke. He makes terrible coffee. , You probably deserve whatever you get if you choose to have your hair cut at these places., First dates can be tough. First dates with Seth Morris can be terrible.

It's T-Shirt Tuesday! Someone who Likes this wins a FOD shirt. You can wear it or not, that's your call., Someone could probably run for president and win just on a platform of "F*ck Spiders.", Vote on your favorite video. The winner goes on the Funny Or Die homepage!

http://r.FunnyOrDie.com/epoix, GQ wrote a great article about one of our writers, Chris Kelly, and his first day on the job at FOD. You should probably read it., The real classics are never coming out on Blu-Ray., There's only three episodes left before (SPOILER ALERT!) everything works out fine for everybody forever., The powerful new documentary about the time Nick Thune didn't shake Andy Richter's hand on Conan., Women can be perverts, too!, You voted and the results are in! "Robbery Date!" is the winner of this week's poll. Look for it on the front page of FOD sometime this week., Dr. Owen Maestro (Rob Huebel) from Childrens Hospital discovers the cure to cancer., Finally! The audio everyone has been waiting for., already in line for some of that Michelle Bachman $2 gas. -- via Paul Richardson Wave, Want to write our status update? Make us laugh by 11 a.m. PST, and the winner becomes our status for the rest of the day.

Be ORIGINAL and "Like" your favorite comments to help us pick a winner. Finish this sentence: Funny Or Die is ..., Follow him if you want to live., We're filming in the studio where they recorded Wu-Tang Forever! Who knew Shaolin was in North Hollywood?, When life gets tough, watch someone eat it on a trampoline., There's always money in that Lego banana stand., "Quirky Girl" starring Aaron Paul & Teresa Palmer is the killer new indie film people are dying to see., If any of you can explain how this works, you're lying. It is impossible to explain how this works., Robin Bourland is the winner of this week's comment contest! Q: "What song do you want played at your funeral and why?"

A: "I want 'Highway to Hell' by AC/DC and 'Stairway to Heaven' by Zeppelin, just to cover both scenarios.", If loving these women is wrong, we don't want to be right., Nobody likes a rude rioter. , Answer this question before 5pm PST TODAY. Make us laugh. Win a talking Funny Or Die bottle opener! Be sure to "Like" comments you think are funny to help us pick the winner!

"What song do you want played at your funeral and why?", This might be the most adorable thing you ever see., Thanks for all the Likes! Pedro Caro is the winner of this week's T-Shirt Tuesday. Come on back next week for more free stuff., Here's a pic from our shoot today with Steve Martin! Also in photo: Gabe Witcher & Noam Pikelny. Also in photo: banjos. 
, Happy Tuesday, you guys!, If you like "Tosh.0" you're going to LOVE "Clip Cup"

It's T-Shirts Tuesday! Someone who Likes this wins a FOD shirt. Today might just be the lucky day you win your first free shirt from the Internet. , There's no good way to tell a stranger they smell nice or a friend they smell terrible., Vote on your favorite video. The winner goes on the Funny Or Die homepage!

http://r.FunnyOrDie.com/epoix, Hopefully this list lends a helping hand., Mondays are the worst, so here's a video of insanely cool bowling trick shots., There's absolutely such a thing as a stupid question. And stupid people. And they're both in the majority at college., President Obama has a brand new idea to solve the debt., The show decided to clear the air regarding some of its other beloved characters., You voted and the results are in! "Cinema Club 'The Watch'" is the winner of this week's poll! Look for it on the front of FOD this week. , Standing outside the movie theater yelling the ending to smurfs to little kids. -- via Sean Hughes, Want to write our status update? Make us laugh by 1 p.m. PST, and the winner becomes our status for the rest of the day.

Be ORIGINAL and "Like" your favorite comments to help us pick a winner. Finish this sentence: Funny Or Die is ..., Take a look at the behind the scenes video of the cover shoot for Michele Bachmann's Newsweek cover. , Action packed new series from the makers of Bait Car!, We shot a video yesterday with adult film stars Sunny Leone and Alexis Texas! Here they are wearing bikinis and rollerblades. Just another day at the FOD office!, Did you know FOD is on twitter and that we're HILARIOUS over there? Well now you know. Go follow us. Or else. Or else what? Or else you'll make us cry and you don't want to do that.

http://twitter.com/funnyordie
, DJ Rachet heads down the X Games to see what all the EXTREME fuss is about., He's alive, you guys!, People driving bright orange sports cars seem like very chill, down to earth people who make rational financial choices., Cats are so silly! That's a trash can...you don't belong in there, Mr. Kitty!, Kris Ambrose is the winner of this week's comment contest! Q: "What's the name of a restaurant you would never eat at?"  

A: "Mr. Miyagi Wax-Off Inn Japanese Cuisine", Keith Stone & The Guys belt out a smooth ballad about the greatest Summer in the history of humanity., Follow the adventures of two men (Jon Benjamin and David Cross) trying to smash a cultural stereotype. Watch the season finale of Jon Benjamin Has a Van TONIGHT on Comedy Central at 10:30!, For the record, I am not looking down on any of this., Answer this question before 5pm PST TODAY. Make us laugh. Win a talking Funny Or Die bottle opener! Be sure to "Like" comments you think are funny to help us pick the winner!

"What's the name of a restaurant you would never eat at?", Paul Rudd pitches his brilliant marketing ideas for Our Idiot Brother to Harvey Weinstein., In 1996 Lunchablez developed an ad to appeal towards urban youth.     The commercial never saw the light of day, until now..., The winner of today's T-Shirt Tuesday is Lisa Koch! Come back next week for another chance at a free FOD shirt., Our cameraman showed today looking like a mushroom dealer from 1974. Or from 2011. It's a pretty stable look., Oh, you wanted some context here? No sir or madam., Finally, a PSA to stop the environment...before it's too late.

It's T-Shirt Tuesday! Someone who Likes this wins a FOD shirt! GO GO GO!, Anyone who understands/can explain problems in the stock market is probably at least partially responsible for problems in the stock market., Portugal's favorite cartoon stars hit the information superhighway!, Vote on your favorite video. The winner goes on the Funny Or Die homepage!

http://r.FunnyOrDie.com/epoix, Presidential candidate/personal friend of God has graced the cover of Newsweek and the picture is horrifying. So let's take a stab at some more appropriate headlines for the story., Affion Crockett plays the part of Miami Heat coach Erik Spoelstra. Catch the many faces of the hottest new name in comedy on 'In The Flow with Affion Crockett' premiering this Sunday on Fox!, This episode will blow your coked out mind., Unless you've done it, please stop speaking confidently about how easy & obvious it would be to punch a shark in the nose., Michele Bachmann's totally straight husband Marcus has the best cures for migraines., It's amazing how quickly 9 beers turn your cellphone into a dating website., "My 10 year high school reunion promises to be a show made entirely out of shit, and I want to bring my own drama.", Jordin Sparks visits the famous foreign talk show, 'Let's Be Honest' for an interview you don't want to miss., is like a gas station bathroom, dirty, questionable, but oh so satisfying. -- via Darla Peterson, Want to write our status update? Make us laugh by 11 a.m. PST, and the winner becomes our status for the rest of the day.

Be ORIGINAL and "Like" your favorite comments to help us pick a winner. Finish this sentence: Funny Or Die is ..., Thanks for all the Likes and for taking the podcast survey! The winner of the FOD hoodie is Jessica Richards, This seems like a perfect normal cat until OH MY GOD IN HEAVEN WHAT JUST HAPPENED?!?!, Take this survey about podcasts! It takes a grand total of 10 seconds and will make us happy. You want to make us happy, don't you? Of course you do. You're the best. 

Someone who Likes this wins a FOD hoodie!, Paula Deen as Snooki is a no brainer. , Newly single Bachelorette Ashley is looking for her perfect husband in a grocery store., Families that make each other wear matching clothes don't deserve family members or clothes., A young woman is disappointed with her new best friend., Jennie talks to TV on the Radio, Cut Copy, Neko Case, Kurt Vile, Health, OFF!, Yuck and many more at the country hipsterest music festival., Fernando Sanchez is the winner of this week's comment contest! Q: "What's the worst text message you can get from a friend in the middle of the night?" 

A: "Don't worry I left the kids with Casey.", It's one slap of the shark face after another with these guys., Answer this question before 5pm PST TODAY. Make us laugh. Win a talking Funny Or Die bottle opener! Be sure to "Like" comments you think are funny to help us pick the winner!

"What's the worst text message you can get from a friend in the middle of the night?", Go ahead, put these in your blu-ray players. Try. We'll wait...., This video of a guy falling off a skateboard is better than most videos of a guy falling off a skateboard that you will see in your lifetime. , Thanks for all the Likes! Daniel Hodgson is the winner of this week's T-Shirt Tuesday. Come back next week for another chance to make one of our shirts your shirts., We're doing a panel this weekend at the Sundance Comedy ShortsLab in LA! Hear us talk about Internet videos and show business and life and burritos. At the very least, we will definitely talk about burritos. Buy tickets now before they're gone!, First the Battleship movie and now these terrible piles of crap., Kids write the darndest things., Don Cheadle takes you on a tour of Sacks West: the only luxury resort that pampers your sack.

Also, it's T-Shirt Tuesday! Someone who Likes this wins a FOD shirt. Wear it while you sleep or when go to the gym. The choice is yours!, They keep lying to us, you guys. It's never going to be the final destination., It's very funny that this dog is unable to make it over this hedge, so enjoy this dogs failure at life., Thanks for all the Likes! Will Boyden is the winner of the Steve Carrell poster. Come back soon for another chance at winning free stuff!, Did Thomas Edison invent the light bulb? Clicking this is the only way to know for sure., Steve Carell signed one of the giant head posters from his FOD video! Someone who Likes this wins it. Go!, You know who writes “amazing” screenplays in one night? Cokeheads., The young stars of Hollywood stand up to planking., Things get crazy during Shark Week when four chums party too hard and steal Dolph Lundgren's shark. Watch Shark Week TONIGHT on Discovery Channel! 
, So before last night, Louis CK had not been on David Letterman in over 15 years. I know, right?, Our friends at FlickMe gave us discount codes to rent movies online just in time for the weekend.  The first 200 people to Like this post  get them!, wants to see a funeral procession where the cars are doctored to look like parade floats with people throwing candy, so people on the streets are like "Well, that's sad, but yeah, Tootsie Rolls!" -- via Lance Hanson, Want to write our status update? Make us laugh by 11 a.m. PST, and the winner becomes our status for the rest of the day.

Be ORIGINAL and "Like" your favorite comments to help us pick a winner. Finish this sentence: Funny Or Die is ..., Everything is better in slow motion, especially a kitten flying through the air., Someone who doesn't understand this criss at all is ready to explain it for you., Was your life ruined by the Netflix price increase? Jason Alexander has a special message from the Netflix Relief Fund., A car horn that plays "Move Bitch" by Ludacris should be a standard option in all vehicles by now., Are you at Just For Laughs in Montreal? We're doing a live comedy show on Friday night! Buy tickets now. Or else., Ian VanDooren is the winner of this week's comment contest! Q: "If Dan Savage changes the definition of the word 'Rick' what will he change it to?"

A:  "Rick- the name for the straw used for felching. 'Just take your Rick and clean up all that Santorum.'", Installing a urinal in your house is a no brainer, right? WRONG! It's going to require your whole brain. And possibly 1/3 of someone else’s., If you're starting college in the Fall, please don't be this guy., Did they really think we wouldn't notice when they switched these actors?, Answer this question before 5pm PST TODAY. Make us laugh. Win a talking Funny Or Die bottle opener! Be sure to "Like" comments you think are funny to help us pick the winner!

"If Dan Savage changes the definition of the word 'Rick' what will he change it to?", If Rick Santorum runs for President on an anti-gay platform, Dan Savage will have no choice but to redefine his first name too., See details on the back? No thank you. , Thanks for all the Likes! Corey Holliday is the winner of this week's T-Shirt Tuesday. Come back next week so we can give one of you a shirt. Don't act like it's not the highlight of your Tuesday., "These are correct and factual signs one can hang in a grocery store." -- People who are incorrect., Live in LA? Make a purchase at Blick Art Supply in West Hollywood and help put an end to homelessness., She came, she saw, she did some unintentional flips.

It's T-Shirt Tuesday! Someone who Likes this wins a FOD shirt! Put some clothes on, you filthy animal., Steve Carell's contract clearly states his head has to be the biggest one on his Crazy, Stupid, Love. movie poster., Milk has unveiled their sexist new ad campaign. If this is what they decided was the best idea, what did they turn down?, Vote on your favorite video. The winner goes on the Funny or Die homepage!

http://r.FunnyOrDie.com/epoix, Did George Washington really have wooden teeth? The surprising truth is finally revealed!, They're back for one last season and we're glued to every second of it. Oh yeah., Will Domino's stop their relentless campaign to get the entire world to try every last thing on their menu?, 
When you break down the plot, the show was pretty dark., is how babies are made. -- via Brady Smith, David Copperfield uncovers a startling secret: the Harry Potter franchise was ripped off from his life., Want to write our status update? Make us laugh by 11 a.m. PST, and the winner becomes our status for the rest of the day.

Be ORIGINAL and "Like" your favorite comments to help us pick a winner. Finish this sentence: Funny Or Die is ..., We're at Comic-Con tweeting hilarious observations about nerds and pictures of weird stuff like this guy in a scuba suit with a remote control flying shark. 

Follow all the fun over at http://twitter.com/funnyordie, No one makes it rain like Roger.  
, Comic-Con is sold out but Keith Apicary will find a way in., Finally, a song for everyone out there who is black and jewish and loves Wiz Khalifa., Doc Coats is the winner of this week's comment contest! Q: "What's going to be the big surprise announcement this year at Comic-Con?" 

A: "You're all getting LAID!", Jon and his team of stylists make someone look like their pet. Watch an all new episode of Jon Benjamin Has a Van tonight on Comedy Central 10:30/9:30c., Sometimes the signs are right in front of you., Vote on your favorite video. The winner goes on the Funny or Die homepage!

http://r.FunnyOrDie.com/epoix, Answer this question before 5pm PST TODAY. Make us laugh. Win a talking Funny Or Die bottle opener! Be sure to "Like" comments you think are funny to help us pick the winner!

"What's going to be the big surprise announcement this year at Comic-Con?", Kobe Bryant breaks his legendary silence to talk about the NBA lockout. , Thanks for all the Likes! Kristina Francis is the winner of today's T-Shirt Tuesday. Come back next week for another chance at a FOD shirt to make all your friends jealous., We tweeted that we enjoy macaroni & cheese so the wonderful folks at Kraft sent us a giant box of it! Thanks!

Now seems like a good time to say we enjoy: cool sneakers, video games, burritos, alcohol, concert tickets & the water slide in Blank Check., Guido Jesus loves his mother, loves his tans and loves dying for your sins., And now a special message from Michele Bachmann and her totally straight husband.

Also, it's T-Shirt Tuesday! Someone who Likes this wins a FOD shirt. It's all happening., If you pay attention to the lyrics you'll realize "Hotel California" is a song about putting avocados on everything., We have 3 ridiculously cool Beastie Boys action figures from the Spike Jonze video! The only way to win them is by checking out http://twitter.com/funnyordie You should probably do that now., Beastie Boys are back for a brand new music video directed by Spike Jonze! Watch the premiere right here on FOD., Does the color red make bulls angry? The truth may shock you., Tori Spelling stars in a very special episode of Hoarders., Don't trust anyone who doesn't know most of the lyrics to "Regulate" by Warren G., Oliver Stone has a quick conversation with a new friend in a bathroom stall., You voted and the results are in! Hermione Wait For Me is the winner of this week's Facebook poll! Look for it on the front of FOD this week., The actor Tom Cruise is a little irritated that he can't have the email address tomcruise@gmail.com., Only click this if you're interested in winning a trip to play golf with Will Ferrell., Not going to pick my status... -- via John Upton, Want to write our status update? Make us laugh by 11 a.m. PST, and the winner becomes our status for the rest of the day.

Be ORIGINAL and "Like" your favorite comments to help us pick a winner. Finish this sentence: Funny Or Die is ..., They're clearly trying to fix the national budget., Or maybe they go right depending on how you look at it., Thanks for the 1,000,000 Likes, you guys! The winners of yesterday's T-Shirts are Kristen Davis, Ana Teal, Arthur Ajavon, Susie Garcia Martinez and Joshua Votaw. See you at 2,000,000!, It turns out being completely broke is a pretty good diet., New Yorkers have no sense of geography, which is fair, considering the world revolves around NY., Scott DeYager is the winner of this week's comment contest! You should probably go see Friends With Benefits on July 22. Q: "How can you tell if your friend wants to become your friend with benefits?"

A: "Two foot taps under the stall door", Your biggest goal in life has always been to play golf with Will Ferrell. Now you can fulfill your dream while helping an amazing cause., This is a dramatic reenactment of what happened in the Funny Or Die office the night we hit 1,000,000 Likes on Facebook.

Thanks for all the Likes! 5 people who Like this video win FOD shirts! Because that's exactly how much we like you., Behold! The great Handini & his famous chain escape! Watch a brand new Jon Benjamin Has a Van tonight at 10:30pm on Comedy Central., Answer this question before 5pm PST TODAY. Make us laugh. Win a talking Funny Or Die bottle opener! Be sure to "Like" comments you think are funny to help us pick the winner!

"How can you tell if your friend wants to become your friend with benefits?", It seems like you can't have a classy dinner party without someone getting their face beat in., April Amrhein is the winner of this week's T-Shirt Tuesday! Come back next week for your chance to get some clothes. We'll wait for you., A man. A bucket of wings. An epic battle. Who will win? , Can you identify this Academy Award nominated actor dressed up like Captain Planet for a FOD video?, Where's her money, Tooth Fairy?, When an ordinary guy accidentally leaves a museum with his audio tour device, he gets a lot more than an art history lesson.

Also, it's T-Shirt Tuesday! Someone who Likes this wins a FOD shirt! It's the best thing that will ever happen to you in your whole life., Bored? Put the bottom of your iPhone in your mouth & breathe in. Now you know what your pocket tastes like. You're welcome!, Vote on your favorite of these 4 videos. We'll announce the winner on Friday and feature it on the Funny or Die homepage!

http://r.FunnyOrDie.com/epoix, The Interwebz Road Show travels to Michigan to appraise a gallery of awesome tattoos., Kenny Powers, champion athlete and international celebrity, completes a hostile takeover of K-Swiss., Then again, who doesn't?, Nancy Grace is officially off the deep end., Obama responds to allegations that he's a dick., Don't want to watch all of these? *Sunglasses Drop* Deal with it., hotter than 5 fat chicks in a Ford Fiesta -- via Stacy Thompson, Want to write our status update? Make us laugh by 11 a.m. PST, and the winner becomes our status for the rest of the day.

Be ORIGINAL and "Like" your favorite comments to help us pick a winner. Finish this sentence: Funny Or Die is ..., This video = Christmas in July, This nifty instructional video teaches youngsters all they need to know about proper "NO HOMO" use., There's probably a reason these people aren't in charge of anything more serious than coffee., Alexis, Miles, and Nick conduct some taste tests with Four Loko., Black Eyed Peas are the herpes of music. As bad as it gets without being fatal, rampant in awful clubs & no cure in sight., Take a look at some of the stuff that had to hit the cutting room floor., Dennis White is the winner of this week's comment contest! Q: "What was your favorite part about this year's 4th of July?"

A: "The morphine i got for my burns when i got to the E.R.", Do you want to wear cool shirts like our interns and lifeguards? Sure you do. Head over to http://junkfoodclothing.com/ and enter code FUNNYORDIE for 25% off, This is Greg, our lifeguard. We don't have a pool (yet!) but safety first. Beer and pudding a very close second., One of our interns wore this shirt to the office today. It feels a little inappropriate., This lady is ready to break hearts. That's a nice way to say murder, right?, Take a look behind the scenes of the making of 'Field of Dreams 2' with Taylor Lautner and a whole lot of his football playing friends., Answer this question before 5pm PST TODAY. Make us laugh. Win a talking Funny Or Die bottle opener! Be sure to "Like" comments you think are funny to help us pick the winner!

"What was your favorite part about this year's 4th of July?", Taylor Lautner teams up with a cast of all-star football players in the most anticipated sequel of all time., Thomas Lennon and Robert Ben Garant explain how they made a BILLION DOLLARS at the box office and YOU CAN TOO!!!

Also, it's T-Shirt Tuesday! Someone who Likes this wins a FOD shirt. Click the Like button already! You know you want to., Celebrate your independence from talking to these people while you eat a cheeseburger., An uber-exclusive Public Service Announcement from the cast of Hipster Shore on the dangers of having one too many microbrews this 4th of July., ..how babies are made. -- via Derick Jackson, Want to write our status update? Make us laugh by 11 a.m. PST, and the winner becomes our status for the rest of the day.

Be ORIGINAL and "Like" your favorite comments to help us pick a winner. Finish this sentence: Funny Or Die is ..., Men don't live forever. Unfortunately, their last words do., This week, the Mates try to bring along Fernando Torres and a couple hundred friends to crash a pub match., Someone decided to photoshop Paul Scheer's face on to John Travolta movie posters. They deserve a medal for their brilliance. , null, Same sex couples can't get married but themed weddings are totally legal., Chris Hansen, the guy who catches sexual deviants on camera, has been caught cheating on his wife...on camera. No punchline necessary., Dan Morse is the winner of the Xbox 360 w/ Kinect! Thanks for playing, you guys! Q: "Faced with a tough situation, do you rise up and HANDLE IT or fall to sweaty pieces? FOD & Speed Stick® want YOUR funniest "handle it" moments." 

A: "When the toilet overflowed at church during my wedding rehearsal I asked my best man to handle it!", The Interwebz Road Show appraises the value of a video starring a construction worker doing standup., Go check out FOD on Tumblr. We're wonderful there, just like everywhere else. Run! As fast as your legs will carry you! Tell them Facebook sent you., Faced with a tough situation, do you rise up and HANDLE IT or fall to sweaty pieces? FOD & Speed Stick® want YOUR funniest "handle it" moments. "Like" the best entry to help pick the winner of an Xbox+Kinect!

NO PURCHASE REQ’D.  Due 11A-6P PST. Legal resident of States+DC, 18+.  Prize-Speed Stick®+Xbox. Colgate-Palmolive has global perpetual right to use full/partial/edited entry in any way. Void where prohibited., Can't a guy wear his Staples shirt in a Staples store without everyone assuming he works there?, We're giving away an Xbox 360 w/ Kinect tomorrow for our Comment Contest! Come back at 11am PST for your chance to win it., Thanks for all the Likes! Carlos Alvarenga is the winner of T-Shirt Tuesday! Come back next week for another chance at a free article of Funny Or Die apparel., We're shooting a video today with La La! She's delightful., She's like the Sarah Palin Lite of saying incorrect things., Jeff Daniels finds out the hard way you just can't force the blues.

Also, it's T-Shirt Tuesday! Someone who Likes this wins a FOD t-shirt. Wear it while you sleep or while you jog- the choice is yours!, Remember in the 90s when Lisa Loeb or The Cranberries would start playing whenever people made out? Did science ever explain that?, You voted and the results are in! "Muffin Top Girlz" is the winner of last week's poll! Look for it on the front of FOD this week., At least the reviewer acknowledged the food was good., Before you ride this 100% not dangerous roller coaster, sheriff Patrick Warburton has a few simple instructions for ya., TGIF, you guys!, ...best lightly salted on dry wheat toast. -- via Rob Penn, Want to write our status update? Make us laugh by 11 a.m. PST, and the winner becomes our status for the rest of the day.

Be ORIGINAL and "Like" your favorite comments to help us pick a winner. Finish this sentence: Funny Or Die is ..., A trailer for J.J. Abrams' next film., PATH is a great organization that's helping homeless families find work, secure housing and empower their lives. If you can afford it, make a donation. It's going to a very good cause., A primer for all you new barbers out there., Do you swear by Yelp reviews?  Well, you should probably know that these are the kind of assholes that write them., Good news, ladies! George Clooney is single again! Bad news: it's a male dominated world with systematic oppression & also you menstruate., Louis CK has been doing some great interviews this week. Do yourself a favor and check out these highlights., Prince Joshua is the winner of this week's comment contest! Q: "If you could go back in time and change a single part of history, what would you do?"

A: "if i went back in time i would go to the hospital where snookie was born and rename her beeboo henderson UGLY BITCHS NEED UGLY NAMES", Jon explores world's most secret and exciting military base. Watch an all new episode of Jon Benjamin Has a Van tonight on Comedy Central at 10:30pm!, Answer this question before 5pm PST TODAY. Make us laugh. Win a talking Funny Or Die bottle opener! Be sure to "Like" comments you think are funny to help us pick the winner!

"If you could go back in time and change a single part of history, what would you do?", Will Ferrell, Willl Forte, Tim Heidecker and many more read a special letter to ladies from the "Manifesto for Conscious Men.", A musical tribute to the greatest sauce of all time., Thanks for all the Likes! LaKisha Jones is the winner of this week's T-Shirt Tuesday. See you next week for more free clothes!, Rum is everyone's wingman., All the hilarious news that's fit to print., Glee star Matt Morrison and his celebrity friends take a look back at how Matt got to where he is today.

Also, it's T-Shirt Tuesday! Someone who Likes this gets a FOD shirt. We hope this gets you to Friday faster., Weddings are just raves for adults with less ecstasy and more bad dancing., Tijuana Jackson, famous life coach, is here to dispence his wisdom to Anthony Weiner., Vote on your favorite of these 4 videos. We'll announce the winner on Friday and feature it on the Funny or Die homepage!

http://r.FunnyOrDie.com/epoix, "I may not have a skill that gets me a job, but at least I learned how to Dougie." -Graduating class of 2011, And now, a little something for the ladies..., Happy Father's Day!, Flip through the pages of the only magazine that's all Hanks all the time., Adam McKay, top boss at Funny Or Die, stops on the red carpet to drop a little lyrical knowledge., There have been a lot of Weiner reports on Weiner's wiener this week., Jerry O'Connell takes you behind the scenes of John Edwards' infamous photo., It's not uncommon for revered actors to choose bad projects. Sometimes it's the last bad choice they ever make., L.A. Noire might not be as realistic as you think., is not celebrating Father's Day until the test comes back. -- via Nikko Fraser, Want to write our status update? Make us laugh by 11 a.m. PST, and the winner becomes our status for the rest of the day.

Be ORIGINAL and "Like" your favorite comments to help us pick a winner. Finish this sentence: Funny Or Die is ..., Jane Lynch & Bill Maher do a dramatic reading of Anthony Weiner's text messages., Vancouver rioted after its Canucks lost in the Stanley Cup Finals. All your favorite Canadian celebrities were there to witness the madness., It's a good thing someone decided to label this. Would have no idea what it is otherwise., These could get you pissed off or pissed on., People crying in public is the most uncomfortable thing in the world, so here's a video full of just that., People who aren't cops but still drive a Crown Victoria suck. Cops suck too., Thanks for all the Likes! Christina Rodgers is the winner of the FOD hoodie., It's not you. It's me. And these amazing letters., Jonathan DeGuzman is the winner of this week's comment contest! Q: "What's the worst part about going to the dentist?" 

A: "Having to constantly lie about flossing as blood gushes through my gums.", The T-Mobile Sidekick 4G has something for everyone, even your favorite fairy tale characters.

Someone who Likes this wins a FOD hoodie!, Did you miss the premiere of Jon Benjamin Has a Van last night? Watch the whole thing online for free right now!, Answer this question before 5pm PST TODAY. Make us laugh. Win a talking Funny Or Die bottle opener! Be sure to "Like" comments you think are funny to help us pick the winner!

"What's the worst part about going to the dentist?", The Legacy Music Dance Party is the hottest new video game music dance party show., Thanks for all the Likes today! The winners of the FOD shirts/talking bottle openers are Ron Mcintosh, Drew Ivey, Tim Maris, Joshua Saenz & Jennifer Cotroneo Mancuso., West Coast! Jon Benjamin Has a Van premieres RIGHT NOW on Comedy Central! Tune in or lose all social relevance., East Coast! Jon Benjamin Has a Van premieres RIGHT NOW on Comedy Central! Watch it. You will not regret this decision., Adam McKay and Chris Henchy accept the Webby award and are rudely interrupted by Will Ferrell. Thanks again for all your votes that helped us win these awards!, Crystal Harris demonstrates a new app that bridges the age gap when you're dating someone older., Jon Benjamin has taken over our twitter account! Head over to http://twitter.com/funnyordie to ask him questions and he might just answer. Then watch the premiere of Jon Benjamin Has a Van TONIGHT at 10:30pm on Comedy Central., Jon Benjamin is taking over the Funny Or Die twitter at 2pm PST to answer your questions and talk to you fine folks! Prepare yourself for greatness.

http://twitter.com/funnyordie, To celebrate the premiere of Jon Benjamin Has a Van TONIGHT at 10:30pm on Comedy Central, we're giving away 5 prize packs w/ an FOD shirt & talking bottle opener to 5 people who Like this! Hooray!, Waiter: "Here's your food, enjoy." You: "Thanks, you too." Your Brain: "...shit.", Will Ferrell interrupts Henchy and McKay's acceptance speech at the Webby's to deliver an impassioned haiku., The FOD gang hanging out and having a blast at our Webby's table., Head on over to our live stream of the Webby Awards starting RIGHT NOW at 8pm EST!, Saved by the Bell taught us many life lessons, including these pearls about what it means to be a high school girl., We're hosting a live stream of the Webby Awards TONIGHT at 8pm EST! Join us, won't you?, LeBron James is the Michael Jordan of blowing it in the finals., No one wants to Be Like Mike anymore. Everyone wants to Be Like Dirk., The world premiere of Katy Perry's new music video 'Last Friday Night' on this Sunday afternoon!, You voted and the results are in! "HORNY BEACH - Episode 2: Hot Lifeguard" is the winner of this week's video poll. Look for it on the front of FOD next week!, Watch the Webby Awards live on June 13th! We're hosting a stream on Facebook where you can watch the whole thing., You're invited to the party of the summer! Watch the premiere of "Last Friday Night (T.G.I.F.)" June 14th at 12:01 ET exclusively on Funny Or Die., letting the British know they can't have our arms, via bells and warning shots. -- via Michael Kehew, Want to write our status update? Make us laugh by 11 a.m. PST, and the winner becomes our status for the rest of the day.

Be ORIGINAL and "Like" your favorite comments to help us pick a winner. Finish this sentence: Funny Or Die is ..., A group of buddies makes a shocking discovery about their not too distant sexual future., We're hosting a live stream of the Webby Awards June 13th right here on Facebook! RSVP today to join us for all the fun., One year and 2.2 million views later..., It's the 1 year anniversary of "Wax On, F*ck Off" so Ralph Macchio dropped off a cake to celebrate. Thanks, Ralph!, Michael describes the emotional trauma of a life changing event., Our 4 minute version of Super 8 is basically the same thing you'll see in theaters., Dear Mark Zuckerberg: Get to work. Thanks., Darren Gilbert is the winner of this week's comment contest! Q: "What's the one video game you're sad they didn't announce at E3?"

A: "Call of Duty: Doesn't Matter You're Gonna Buy it Anyways", Every politician makes the same face when they get caught in a sex scandal. Every time.  , Answer this question before 5pm PST TODAY. Make us laugh. Win a talking Funny Or Die bottle opener! Be sure to "Like" comments you think are funny to help us pick the winner!

"What's the one video game you're sad they didn't announce at E3?", Henry Wadsworth Longfellow's poem has a fever and the only prescription is more bells, This dog drives just like people!, Thanks for all the Likes! The T-Shirt Tuesday winner is Josh Bruns. 

Also, because we love you SO MUCH, we're giving away three more shirts for the last post. Congratulations to Kasmari Kaz, Jody Paton and Brooke Allen!, Want to look stylish like our new intern Vinnie Jones? Then head on over to our store: http://bit.ly/iKDoeB Someone who Likes this post wins a FOD shirt!, You know how some people look like other people? LOL, us too, When your fishing poles just aren't cutting it, maybe it's time to step up and use what the REAL fishing pro's use.

Also, it's T-Shirt Tuesday! Someone who likes this wins a FOD shirt! HOOOOOOORAY FOR FREE STUFF!!!!, Human Centipede 2 has already been banned in the UK. Guess they had their fill of boring, gross & unwatchable with the royal wedding., Vote on your favorite of these 4 videos. We'll announce the winner on Friday and feature it on the Funny or Die homepage!, On this episode of Mates VS the mates premiere the video for their first single "I Want To Sleep With You", Looks like we have a few candidates for "Most Likely to be Awesome.", Finally! A new show about the dark ages to show us just how sexy those times were. Starring Robert Englund, Natalie Zea & Diora Baird., How much can you know about yourself if you've never cuddled?, This ends now., Orientation video for the First Class., Eugene Mirman took out full page ads in two NY weekly papers with a letter letting Time Warner Cable know how he feels., ...safer to use than your cell phone. -- via Winston Heard, Want to write our status update? Make us laugh by 11 a.m. PST, and the winner becomes our status for the rest of the day.

Be ORIGINAL and "Like" your favorite comments to help us pick a winner. Finish this sentence: Funny Or Die is ..., Take a look at the students who didn't quite make it to Professor Xavier's school., No disrespect, but you should watch this immediately., New studies confirm that cell phone use causes cancer. Great news for iPhone users because they're always dropping calls., Those will be some big shoes to fill., F*ck the police. Sometimes it's the only way to get out of a ticket., Jeremy Kratky is the winner of this week's comment contest! Q: "What's the only fair way to decide who gets the last piece of pizza?" 

A: "CUT THE TWO PEOPLE IN HALF AND LET THE PIZZA DECIDE.", Please join Funny Or Die in supporting the What Can I Do? Campaign: a grassroots movement raising awareness and compassion about homelessness through art and social action., Hey! You! No, not the person behind you. YOU. Follow Funny Or Die on twitter. It's good for you. It has vitamins. We know what we're talking about. We did some online med school.

http://twitter.com/funnyordie
, Gym. Tan. Neck Brace., Answer this question before 5pm PST TODAY. Make us laugh. Win a talking Funny Or Die bottle opener! Be sure to "Like" comments you think are funny to help us pick the winner!

"What's the only fair way to decide who gets the last piece of pizza?", Tim Meadows talks about the all of the awesome things he was up to in the 80s., Sometimes the title of the video says more than the description ever could., Ethan Struwe is the winner of this week's T-Shirt Tuesday! Come on back next week for another shot at winning some stuff., Rampage Jackson may know how to fight when it comes to the UFC but it's pretty clear that he would be the worst bodyguard in the world., These ain't your father's board games! Oh wait, yes they are. And they're kind of awesome., Coming soon to TV is a brand new show about a nurse struggling to be as fabulous as she can without getting caught.

Also, it's T-Shirt Tuesday! Someone who Likes this post wins a FOD shirt. Just click it already. You know you want to., Apparently, skateboarding in a Walgreens waving a handgun doesn't count as "extreme couponing." Paid full price for 600 boxes of Grape Nuts., You voted and the results are in! "The King's Speech" is the winner of this week's Facebook poll! Look for it on the front of FOD this week., Now that Oprah's show has ended, what will her audience do with their lives?, Barack and Michelle made a funny face? Hey, guys! Come quick! It's photoshop time!, currently living its parents basement writhing dragon ball z fan fiction -- via Liam Harris, Want to write our status update? Make us laugh by 11 a.m. PST, and the winner becomes our status for the rest of the day.

Be ORIGINAL and "Like" your favorite comments to help us pick a winner. Finish this sentence: Funny Or Die is ..., We shot a video with Jeff Daniels yesterday. Here he is rocking out hard enough to make your pet's head fall off., Best. Office. Party. Ever., Enjoy some classic Between Two Ferns moments. Forever. And ever., Zach finally sits down with Will Ferrel to eat fruit, talk dance teams and trade fist bumps like true gentlemen., AK-47's are the new corsage., Brad Heigl is the winner of this week's comment contest! Q: "What's Oprah going to do now that her show is over?"

A: "Anything she wants. Shes a f*cking billionaire.", We're filming in a recording studio & one of the speakers looks like a face. It's creepy as hell., Guy Talk is a cool new show on SPIKE where guys sit around and talk guy stuff! Ya know, for guys!, Answer this question before 5pm PST TODAY. Make us laugh. Win a talking Funny Or Die bottle opener! Be sure to "Like" comments you think are funny to help us pick the winner!

"What's Oprah going to do now that her show is over?", These days, you need to announce you're NOT running if you don't want to be the Republican candidate for president., Vote on your favorite of these 4 videos. We'll announce the winner on Friday and feature it on the Funny or Die homepage!

http://r.FunnyOrDie.com/epoix, Thanks for all the Likes! Brian Ervin is the winner of this week's T-Shirt Tuesday. Come on back next week for another chance to win some stuff. Because that's what life is all about., Funny or Die fan Angela asked us to help her plan a bachelorette party...How did we do it? Watch the next Juke Mission to find out., We shot a video last week with Robert Englund & Diora Baird at a castle by the Hollywood sign. Just another day at the office., "This toy is f*cking great." -Your 6 year old child, Beau Bridges loves bridges and wants to share that love with you. This is Bridges on Bridges with Beau Bridges.

Also, it's T-Shirt Tuesday! Someone who Likes this wins a FOD shirt. Beau loves t-shirts too., Kobe's relationship with the ball is complicated., Two geniuses decide to battle using exercise balls. Only one survives., It's someone's birthday, so we threw them a surprise rave party in the office. This is where amazing happens., This week, Mates VS make a scene as public paparazzi's!, Kids write the darndest things when they're failing exams., Apple bottom jeans, boots with the fur. The whole club was like, "That chick with the fat ass hates cardio and animals.", In 2032, Brad Pitt and Angelina Jolie sent their four children back in time. Their mission was simple: to "get it started in here.", Rachael Ray is ready to introduce her new catchphrase to the world...but is the world ready?, You voted and the results are in! "SorryBro Weed Story" is the winner of this week's Facebook poll! Look for it on the front of Funny Or Die this week., Just some tips from a trustworthy source., Jackie Chiles, everyone's favorite lawyer from Seinfeld, knows what he likes to watch on television., wondering why all the fuss about that Blondie song. -- via Kristin Kieffer Butler, Want to write our status update? Make us laugh by 11 a.m. PST, and the winner becomes our status for the rest of the day.

Be ORIGINAL and "Like" your favorite comments to help us pick a winner. Finish this sentence: Funny Or Die is ..., This video of a guy getting owned by mentos + diet coke doesn't end the way you think it will., In case you're wondering what a shark vs. wolf fight would look like, it would probably look at lot like this., God is a little too busy this week for the rapture. He's got a few house parties to attend., Oh so Arnold Schwarzenegger turned out to be a crazed sex maniac? Weird. It's not like the quotes he said over the years gave any indication that he would later be involved in an embarrassing sex scandal. Oh, what's that? He made many ridiculous, sexist comments over the years? Interesting., Thanks for all the Likes! Chelsie Christner is the winner of today's FOD hoodie and Louie Albertson is the winner of yesterday's T-Shirt Tuesday. Come back real soon for another chance to win more stuff! Because that's what life is all about., Bobby Zaja is the winner of this week's comment contest! Q: "How are you going to celebrate the end of the world on Saturday?" 

A: "I'm going out the way I came in, without pants.", If there's one thing that's amazing in this world, it's Tumblr. We all know that. If there's a second thing that's amazing, it's Funny Or Die. If there's a third thing that's amazing in this cold and miserable world, it's Funny Or Die on Tumblr. Go follow FOD on Tumblr today and make your world a better place.

Also, someone who Likes this post wins a FOD hoodie. Because we like you.

http://funnyordie.tumblr.com
, We're back with our hips gyrating and arms in the air like we just don't care -- all on repeat forever., Answer this question before 5pm PST TODAY. Make us laugh. Win a talking Funny Or Die bottle opener! Be sure to "Like" comments you think are funny to help us pick the winner!

"How are you going to celebrate the end of the world on Saturday?", Vanessa Hudgens is a pretty good judge of what's cool and what isn't. Especially when it comes to babies., Moments before Tupac's death, he did an ancient Voodoo spell to transfer his soul into a cat. This is that cat's story., Vote on your favorite of these 4 videos. We'll announce the winner on Friday and feature it on the Funny or Die homepage!

http://r.FunnyOrDie.com/epoix, Let's hope the parrot gets along with the gorilla and that they both like air horns., At least you can take solace in the fact that your loved one wasn't involved in any of these funerals., The Hipster Tea Party is a cool group with indie thoughts and ironic beliefs. You've probably never heard of it.

Also, it's T-shirt Tuesday! Someone who Likes this video wins an FOD shirt!, "The convenience of text messaging is worth going through life wondering if my thigh just vibrated." -Everybody, "We've been going about this all wrong. This Mr. Stay Puft's okay! He's a sailor, he's in New York; we get this guy laid, we won't have any trouble!", On this episode of Mates VS, the four mates take on the fine art of food tasting., I want you to Facebook stalk me as hard as you can., Donald Trump has withdrawn from the 2012 presidential race to focus on his true passion: 2011 presidential racism., Steve and Linda's marriage is falling apart. But Virginia Madsen has a bigger issue to deal with., You voted and the results are in! "Go Back Where Ya Came From!" is the winner of this week's Facebook poll. Look for it on the home page of FOD this week!, After playing at Sundance, SXSW, AFI and over 30 other festivals, this short is available online for the first time on FOD. For free! Just watch it already., ...wants to remind everyone that it is Friday the 13th...especially any teenagers planning on having sex at camp -- via Dawn McCabe, Want to write our status update? Make us laugh by 11 a.m. PST, and the winner becomes our status for the rest of the day.

Be ORIGINAL and "Like" your favorite comments to help us pick a winner. Finish this sentence: Funny Or Die is ..., This footage of Extreme Home Makeover edited to dubstep is the greatest thing of all time., If you're looking for guidance on how to play it cool when meeting your favorite politician, look no further than these folks., This is our hallway right now. That's too many chairs for one hallway., Are these cartoons meant for kids? Absolutely. Should you let your kid watch these cartoons? Maybe not., Callista Gingrich, Newt's lucky wife number four, tells America why her husband will be the next President of the United States., Grown men required to carry a flashlight at their job need to calm down with the amount of respect they feel entitled to., This is what a large scooter fail looks like and it is amazing., Josh Allen is the winner of this week's comment contest! Q: "What's your 3 step plan for surviving the zombie apocalypse?"

A: "1. Stock up on beer. 2. Surround my house with outward facing treadmills. 3. Get drunk and watch as they attempt to make it in.", Kobe Bryant has a total meltdown during his post-game press conference in Dallas., The first commercial for the new white iPhone 4 is here! There's just one little problem...., Answer this question before 5pm PST TODAY. Make us laugh. Win a talking Funny Or Die bottle opener! Be sure to "Like" comments you think are funny to help us pick the winner!

"What's your 3 step plan for surviving the zombie apocalypse?", The Navy Seal who shot Osama Bin Laden handles his secret with the utmost discretion., Thanks for all the Likes! Kaitlyn Harrison-Wagner is the winner of this week's T-Shirt Tuesday! Come on back next week for another chance at free clothing., Chad, one of our sound guys, has been KILLING IT with the shirts he wears to work lately., When you think about it, that guy was a real sleazebag., In this uproarious new sitcom, legendary rock band Chicago adopts an adorable 9-year-old boy. You'll laugh til your socks hurt!

Also, it's T-Shirt Tuesday! Someone who Likes this video wins a FOD shirt! , Do people demanding Bin Laden pics realize you can look at ENDLESS boobs on the Internet?!? Who cares about 1 dead old guy?, This rapper hits a blunt then passes out while his webcam is still recording. Thug life., Vote on your favorite of these 4 videos. We'll announce the winner on Friday and feature it on the Funny or Die homepage!

http://r.FunnyOrDie.com/epoix, We're shooting a video right now w/ Vanessa Hudgens! This pic pretty accurately sums up her attitude on set., There are 4 kinds of people who talk to dogs at parties: 1) Animal lover 2) Anti-social 3) On mushrooms 4) All of the above, Two of the producers of Michael Bolton's 'Said I Loved You...But I Lied' sit down to talk about the inspiration behind the music video., We've got an exclusive clip of Barack Obama on tonight's 60 Minutes. "Don't even read him his rights. Run through the door, start blasting. No questions asked. Change.", You voted and the results are in! "Bing" is the winner of this week's poll. Look for it on the front of FOD this week!, One nerd's ultimate sexual fantasy might not be his girlfriend's idea of a good time., The Dears sit down for an interview. Jennie P happens to be running a few seconds late to her own interview but everything goes as planned., ...is a peacock and needs to fly! -- via Troy Vicker, Funny Or Die
Want to write our status update? Make us laugh by 11 a.m. PST, and the winner becomes our status for the rest of the day.

Be ORIGINAL and "Like" your favorite comments to help us pick a winner. Finish this sentence: Funny Or Die is ..., Not to nitpick, but if we're going to state the obvious, that should clearly be number one on the list., Behold! The wig Will Ferrell wears when he plays George W. Bush. You're welcome, America., Happy Cinco de Mayo! Celebrate Mexico's independence...or something...by blacking out at Taco Bell while speaking what little Spanish you've retained since High School., Whenever a friend asks you to hit him in the balls, you should now assume he is only trying to get some balls in your face. Wait...what?, If you whined about all these amazing development in technology to your grandfather, his head would literally explode. That's not an exaggeration. True fact: 27 elderly people die each year from mind explosions., Arguing on facebook is like wearing a fedora. Stop it, you look like an asshole., Now that Barack Obama's long form birth certificate has been released, how will birthers move on with their lives?, Kyle Allen Blane is the winner of this week's talking bottle opener! Q: "Who will be the new face of terror around the world?"

A: "6 flags old man is making a comeback", The first music video on Public Doman Protest Song is up! Go check it out and explore the whole site at http://publicdomainprotestsong.com/, Hey, LA! We need 18 - 24 y/o people for a very fun dance party video we're filming TOMORROW. Interested? Email dancepartyextras@gmail.com, Did you ever play "Streets of Rage 2" for Sega Genesis? If the answer is yes, you are probably well aware that it is the best game of all time. You should still read this list anyway. It's not like you have anything better to do., Answer this question before 5pm PST TODAY. Make us laugh. Win a talking Funny Or Die bottle opener! Be sure to "Like" comments you think are funny to help us pick the winner!

"Who will be the new face of terror around the world?", Former President George W. Bush (Will Ferrell) responds to the death of an enemy who has been terrorizing him for years., Thanks for all the Likes! The winner of the Green Team shirts are Rich Chmela, Julian Declet and Sarah Adcox. The winner of T-Shirt Tuesday is Lisa Rezner. Come back real soon for more chances to win FOD clothes.

If you feel like buying some FOD stuff you can always head on over to our store: http://www.cafepress.com/funnyordie, We had the Green Team stop by the office today to remind us to recycle.

Three people who Like this picture will win one of these beautiful shirts inspired by Funny Or Die's classic Green Team video! Check our the Funny Or Die Shop for more stylish gear designed to induce chuckles.

http://www.cafepress.com/funnyordie, Never forget., Did you hear the news? We won NINE Webby Awards this year! That's more than anybody else! Thanks so much for your support.

http://bit.ly/kQmOaG, Michelle Branch has some bike trouble when she meets Colton and Scott. That's when things start to get a little weird.

Also, it's T-Shirt Tuesday! Someone who Likes this video wins a shirt. That should be easy to do because this video is so likable. Also, all you have to do is click a button. It's basically the easiest thing in the world., Ever feel like you'd have so much money saved up if you weren't a complete idiot?, Vote on your favorite of these 4 videos. The winner goes on the Funny or Die homepage!, With Bin Laden's dead, it's time to take a look at all the presidential hopefuls., "Sorry it took so long to get you a copy of my birth certificate, I was too busy killing Osama bin Laden.", In the future there will be a lot of shows like Cheaters and they will all show up to catch you cheating at the same time., In his last attack on the world, Osama blew up all of your social media feeds., This video of a dog riding a scooter is probably something you should watch., Two guys take their grass-roots promotional campaign for Fast Five to the streets of Hollywood., You voted and the results are in! Dildo Sport (NSFW!) is the winner of this week's poll. Look for it on the front of Funny Or Die this week., Have fun raising your kids in a totally normal way!, Morgan Spurlock shows us some other examples of egregious product placement in movies throughout time., This new song from Buckwhat Groats is all about partying on Arbor Day. It is amazing, and the video for it is so good it should probably be illegal., is not a real American because they never showed their birth certificate. -- via Kenneth Weins, Want to write our status update? Make us laugh by 11 a.m. PST, and the winner becomes our status for the rest of the day.

Be ORIGINAL and "Like" your favorite comments to help us pick a winner. Finish this sentence: Funny Or Die is ..., There's only a few hours left to vote for us to win the best Humor Site Webby! TIME IS A FACTOR!!! Vote!, We teamed up with Splashlife for this list of 30 comedians under 30. Keep an eye on these rising stars of chuckles and lolz, We did a video with Morgan Spurlock and he did his own slate. The mark of a professional/cool dude., What happens when a detective from Uganda meets a cop from Hong Kong? You get a new cop show called "Black and Yellow", Hi Toy Makers. You may have noticed that you've been putting penises in products meant for children., Sony warns that Playstation Network hacker may have taken users' personal info/credit cards while leaving their virginity intact., Jessie Kent is the winner of this week's comment contest! Q: "What will Donald Trump complain about now that Obama has shown his birth certificate?"

A: "that obama care doesn't cover hair club for men", Jeffrey Tambor explains what a Win-Win scenario is. , Go vote for us in the Best Humor Site category of the Webby Awards! It's the last day to vote...so VOTE! Thanks! You're the best., Goodnight, sweet prince..., Answer this question before 5pm PST TODAY. Make us laugh. Win a talking Funny Or Die bottle opener! Be sure to "Like" comments you think are funny to help us pick the winner!

"What will Donald Trump complain about now that Obama has shown his birth certificate?", The newest Ark Music Factory video "Bestie's Night" gets a little out of hand when Tommy Lee shows up., There's only one day left to vote for us in the 2011 Webby Awards! So do it. Right now. We'll wait. We're waiting....Stilllllllll waiting. Actually, we've got to be at this thing, but we'll be back later to check if you voted. On third thought, we're just going to wait until you vote. We'll just hang on your couch and watch Game of Thrones. Do you have any snacks?, Jorge Liwanag is the winner of this week's T-Shirt Tuesday! Come on back next week for another chance to win a FOD shirt. It's not just the highlight of your week. It's...actually, it's just the highlight of your week., In the future, dogs will talk and they'll be on TV shows with Brian Austin Green. , The Playstation Network is down indefinitely. Confused nerds are roaming the streets. Help now before it's too late., So the Royal Wedding Wedding is this weekend. Wonderful. Fantastic. I can't wait to use that time to not give it a crap while it's happening, after not giving a crap before it was happening. Whatever, let's just use this time to look back at pictures of Prince Charles looking stupid., Do you want to see Joey Lawrence & Tony Cox as siamese twin brothers fighting crime? Then you want to see Tumor & Gooch.

Also, it's T-Shirt Tuesday! Someone who Likes this wins a FOD shirt. Because you deserve a farmer's tan just as much as the next guy., If God was one of us he'd probably hate that song too., Prince William and Kate Middleton get ready for their bachelor and bachelorette parties., Vote on your favorite of these 4 videos. We'll announce the winner on Friday and feature it on the Funny or Die homepage!

http://r.FunnyOrDie.com/epoix, You voted and the results are in! "2 Black-Sounding White Gay Dudes - Ep.3: Runyon Canyon" is the winner of last week's Facebook poll! Look for it on the front of FOD this week., Hitler would've loved dubstep., Monday is the worst, so watch this adorable video of a penguin getting tickled to take the edge off., We got nominated for 10 Webby awards! Vote for us so we can win them all and finally feel cool. WE WANT TO FEEL COOL, DAMMIT! Is that really so much to ask?, The story of Easter is a magical one and it is especially touching when told by children., Everybody knows Mother Earth is the original MILF. Happy Earth Day, everybody!, Jeff Goldblum and his jazz band were on hand at Coachella 2011 to let everyone know the rules of the festival., thanks God for Good Friday... It was one of the top five songs ever by The Black Crows. -- via Paul Duguid, Want to write our status update? Make us laugh by 11 a.m. PST, and the winner becomes our status for the rest of the day.

Be ORIGINAL and "Like" your favorite comments to help us pick a winner. Finish this sentence: Funny Or Die is ..., Jay-Z has 99 problems and awkwardly hiding his boner is one of them., Funny Or Die got nominated for TEN Webby Awards this year!!! Go to this page and vote for us. We would vote for you if you asked nicely. Seriously. We would. Unless we had some major problems with your campaign platform. , Everybody's got something to say. And sometimes those things are absolutely ridiculous., Did you know Jeff Goldblum plays piano in a jazz band? And that he was  the only late add for Coachella? As always, he put on quite a show., The greatest trick Skynet ever pulled was convincing the world it didn't change its name to Google., Thanks for all the Likes! Josh Martin is the winner of today's FOD hoodie. Come back real soon for another chance to turn some of our stuff into your stuff., Jack Igelski is the winner of this week's comment contest! Q: "How are you going to celebrate 4/20?"

A: "Taking all the marshmallows out of my box of lucky charms and eating a bowl of just marshmallows!!!!!!"

(editor's note: bonus points awarded for the unbridled enthusiasm over such a perfect plan), Did you know Funny Or Die has 3 brand new free iPhone apps? Watch our videos, play along in the caption contest and use our soundboard! We also have a stylish new mobile site! Check it all out here: 

http://www.funnyordie.com/promos/mobile, We're not here to tell you what to do. That's not who we are in your life. You're a free spirit. We get that and respect it. But maybe, IF YOU WANT, you SHOULD POSSIBLY check out Funny Or Die on Tumbr. If you're into that sort of thing. You might enjoy it!

Someone who Likes this wins a FOD hoodie. Because we like you. , Just like our ancestors, we passed out in a steak coma with our wolf. Thanks for the history lesson/lunch Sims!, Behold! King Darryl! Grilling his meats just like the folks from medieval days. The waitress loved his headband., Sims Medieval sent us cool outfits. We wanted to go to Medieval Times, but that's super far so we got Korean BBQ., Answer this question before 5pm PST TODAY. Make us laugh. Win a talking Funny Or Die bottle opener! Be sure to "Like" comments you think are funny to help us pick the winner!

"How are you going to celebrate 4/20?", A video about the little red hairs on weed. Happy 4/20!, Donald Trump sits down to talk about Obama's birth certificate again and what he's going to do to find out the truth., Nicholas Gniadek is the winner of this week's T-Shirt Tuesday! Come back next week for another free FOD article of clothing. It's basically the best thing you can wear that doesn't double as some kind of blanket., Adam McKay, one of the founders of FOD and writer/director of movies like Anchorman and Step Brothers, has an amazing new website up. It's all free and public domain protest songs. Check it out! Fight the man! , Sometimes you walk by a room at FOD & see a pig being dressed in a suit. It's only a big deal if you make it one., This guy's accomplished so much in his life., Your dad is a real pro on those rollerblades. Look at him go!

Also, it's T-Shirt Tuesday! Someone who Likes this video wins a FOD shirt. It's free, fun and stylish. What more could you ask for?, The never-been-told, real life, true story of how Betty Boop came to exist and become the sexiest cartoon character of all time., Vote on your favorite of these 4 videos. We'll announce the winner on Friday and feature it on the Funny or Die homepage!

http://r.FunnyOrDie.com/epoix, null, Do you want to win 24k gold coins? $10k cash? Golden burritos? Of course you do. Check out http://chipotle.com/gold and Wrap What You Love.

Sounds like one of those "We Buy Gold" ads, except this is way easier. Plus, those other guys don't have delicious burritos.
, You can pick your nose, your friends AND your friend's nose. Anyone who says otherwise is, quite frankly, an idiot., Completing your taxes today will keep the government off your back, but it almost always feels like a race you'll never win., Easy sex gets complicated when Dad sticks his nose in., It all began with an innocent game of Duck, Duck, Douche ..., You voted and the results are in! Lady Gaga's Purse is the winner of this week's video poll! Look for it on the Funny Or Die homepage next week!, Joan Rivers gives us more information than we asked for. Much, much more., When you're on your death bed, it's important to get out any last words., is selling shirts for armless people called Ampu-T's. -- via Pauly Casillas, Want to write our status update? Make us laugh by 11 a.m. PST, and the winner becomes our status for the rest of the day.

Be ORIGINAL and "Like" your favorite comments to help us pick a winner. Finish this sentence: Funny Or Die is ..., Nas lives in the shadows. For real., Funny or Die just surpassed two million followers. Let's celebrate us! Here's a look back at 13 of the funniest tweets we've ever tweeted on Twitter to all our twitterers. Twitter., WE DID IT!! We hit TWO MILLION followers on twitter ... before Weird Al! Check out this awesome party we threw to celebrate. , Hey, guys! Did you know the FOD twitter account just hit TWO MILLION followers? Of course you did. It's huge news! We're giving away some really cool stuff all day today to celebrate, so head on over to twitter.com/funnyordie if you want to win some of it., Scott DeYager is the winner of this week's comment contest! Come back next week for another chance to win a talking FOD bottle opener. Q: "What's the best place to take your first date if you want to guarantee you won't have a second?" 

A: "A performance of the "Vagina Monologues" at the local seniors center.", Relax, ladies. That's just a banana in his pocket., Answer this question before 5pm PST TODAY. Make us laugh. Win a talking Funny Or Die bottle opener! Be sure to "Like" comments you think are funny to help us pick the winner!

"What's the best place to take your first date if you want to guarantee you won't have a second?", Do you want to see Drake punch a robot in the face? Of course you do. So click this link., A kid at Disneyland challenges Mickey Mouse to a breakdancing contest. Mickey accepts. We all win., Thanks for all the Likes! Michael Noga is the winner of this week's T-Shirt Tuesday. Come back next week for another chance at a FOD shirt. Wearing it is the only way people will know you're cool., These eyes will follow you around a room, see into your soul and haunt your dreams., Jordana Brewster wants you to try her new scent, "Hot Dog Water". For when you want to be treated as a professional and also smell like a hot dog.

Also, it's T-Shirt Tuesday! Someone who Likes this video wins a FOD shirt. Wear it or use it to make your dog look like people. YOUR CALL!, The only responsible/appropriate use of a time machine would be to glance at 2015 & see if 'Back to the Future 2' is lying to us., Vote on your favorite of these 4 videos. We'll announce the winner on Friday and feature it on the Funny or Die homepage!

http://r.FunnyOrDie.com/epoix, Thanks for all the Likes! Malissa J Madala, TJ Justice, Lonney Norton, Joe Bean and Shayna Palinkas are the winners of the talking FOD bottle openers. 

We'll be giving these away ALL YEAR LONG so come back often for your chance to win one!, You voted and the results are in! Marian Rosin Standup: If Women Used Urinals is the winner of last week's poll! Look for it on the front of FOD this week!, Amy Sedaris + Chipotle = Totally [Au]some, When it comes down to it, "Gigli" gave us more than most Oscar winners., Hey, guys! Check out this cool new FOD TALKING BOTTLE OPENER we're giving away! 5 people who Like this post will win one!, Whitney Port (The City) sits down with Jonathan Daniel Brown. It's probably the most exciting date either of them has been on recently., Herpes is our little secret until it isn't, make sure you don't out yourself in a herpes commercial today., Thanks for all the Likes! The winners of the LAST FIVE FOD KOOZIES EVER (....just started weeping like a baby...) are: Justin Lee Langley, Kimberlee Abrahamson, Jennifer Abbamonte Clemence, Tracie Lynnn and Andy Stewart. 

We've got an awesome new prize coming next week! Hint: Like the koozie that came before it, it will also help you in your quest to drink beer., Are you ready for the biggest, baddest, most extreme competition show ever?!? Coming to your TV in the year 2033!, It's happening. It's all happening., Goodnight, sweet prince...We are retiring the FOD koozie. 5 people who Like this will win the last ones we have., hopes that when the machines rise up against humanity, his toaster remembers all the good times... -- via Mark McKibben, Want to write our status update? Make us laugh by 11:30 a.m. PST, and the winner becomes our status for the rest of the day. 

Be ORIGINAL and "Like" your favorite comments to help us pick a winner. Finish this sentence: Funny Or Die is ..., The signs in our hallway went from polite and helpful to just plain rude pretty quick., We're shooting a video today with Tommy Lee! Anyone want to take a guess about the title?, In West Philadelphia, LOL'd and raised., By popular demand, here is Mike Tyson's full uncut scene from "When Harry Met Sally 2", If you give a mouse a cookie...you're probably high as balls. Lay off the weed. Also, maybe call an exterminator. Get your shit together., Matt Howard gives some tips for success, Tony Galindo is the winner of this week's Comment Contest! Q: "What would be the worst new Ben & Jerry's Ice Cream Flavor?"

A: "Easy...Cherry Garcia with real cherries and real pieces of Jerry Garcia", Take a look at the never before seen audition tapes from Happy Endings., Did you know Funny Or Die is on twitter? Well, now you do. So if twitter is your thing you should go follow us. Someone who Likes this post wins a FOD hoodie because we care about your comfort. 

http://twitter.com/FunnyOrDie 
, Answer this question before 5pm PST TODAY. Make us laugh. Win a Funny Or Die koozie! Be sure to "Like" comments you think are funny to help us pick the winner!

"What would be the worst new Ben & Jerry's Ice Cream Flavor?", Finally! The sequel everyone has been waiting for is here...with a little twist on the original., Check out Billy Crystal talking about Funny Or Die on The Daily Show last night! His new video premieres on FOD at Midnight tonight!, Thanks for all the likes! Melissa Kraemer is the winner of T-Shirt Tuesday. Come back next week for another chance to win free clothing., Twin baby boys (Patton Oswalt and Michael Chiklis) converse until they become twin men, just having a good time., Vengeance has a name. And that name is Karate Kyle., Glee’s Matthew Morrison and Jane Lynch carpool to work together for the first (and last) time. Sometimes singing doesn't bring people together 

Also, it's T-Shirt Tuesday! Someone who Likes this post wins a Funny Or Die shirt. Why? Because we love you! , Vote on your favorite of these 4 videos. We'll announce the winner on Friday and feature it on the Funny or Die homepage!

http://r.FunnyOrDie.com/epoix, These two elephants know how to have a good time at a pool party. If you go to a lot of elephant pool parties you know it's splashing and farts all day., Billy Crystal has officially joined twitter! He's verified and everything. Go follow him right now and look out for his first tweet later today., This rapper is mad gay, no homo., It doesn't take a rocket scientist to realize that Audrina Patridge is actually a rocket scientist., You voted and the results are in! Mark Rigley - Audition FAIL is the winner of this week's poll! Look for it on the FOD homepage sometime this week., Rumor has it this super group is a late addition to Coachella., Rebecca Black's greatest hits are now available for you to buy at an unbelievable price., She gave us "Friday," the least we could do is animate and repeat it., Want to be in a Funny Or Die video like this one? Submit your idea for a boring mission and we might just make it amazing and film it: http://www.facebook.com/NissanJuke?sk=app_128863627182358, No need to worry, officer. This has all been approved by mom. , The next great disaster movie starring Rebecca Black will finally deal with what days come after Friday and what days don't., Rebecca Black analyzes the deep meaning behind the lyrics of "Friday", Rebecca Black has a tough time deciding which seat to take when her friends pull up., In the second episode of "Betwixt The Music", Rebecca Black tells the story of her longstanding career and talks about her song 'Friday' that changed it all., Yesterday was Thursday. Today is Friday. 

http://funnyordie.com
, While at a press junket for her new movie Cat Run, Paz Vega is taken under the wing of the top speech therapist in showbiz., Jodie Kelly Ahern is the winner of yesterday's comment contest! Q: "What are two things that are fun individually but terrible when you combine them?"

A: "Your sister and your best friend.", Kittah's got a gun., March Madness is nothing without Gus Johnson, but none of these great moments in everyday life would ever be that good unless Gus Johnson was calling them for you., American Apparel billboards seem like an elaborate entrapment scheme to catch homeless dudes masturbating on street corners., In a couple weeks, 4 mates will MAX life and take the piss out of the internet.  Introducing Mates VS..., Answer this question before 5pm PST TODAY. Make us laugh. Win a Funny Or Die koozie! Be sure to "Like" comments you think are funny to help us pick the winner!

"What are two things that are fun individually but terrible when you combine them?", Remember when Mary Kate and Ashley were kids? And super racist? The 90's were fun., Thanks for all the likes! Ann Rothharpt Jacks is the winner of this week's T-Shirt Tuesday. Come back next week for your chance to win some free clothes., Want to be in a Funny Or Die video like this one? Submit your idea for a boring mission and we might just make it amazing and film it. What a deal!, No disrespect, but it would be very respectable of you to enter the Bobby Bottleservice Joke Contest for such an opportunity as a chance to win a trip for two to LA. Once there on the 16th of April, you will be entertained very much by a live comedy show featuring Conan O’Brien, Sarah Silverman and more to benefit Malaria No More. Make your mother proud!, LOL, Fox.

Also, it's T-Shirt Tuesday! Someone who Likes this post wins a Funny Or Die shirt. Why? Because we love you! , Saw a guy with a sign that said, "God Loves You." Sure, but sometimes it's too hard, too often, from behind and not in a good way., This summer, see your favorite Coen Brothers' classic in a whole new way. , Vote on your favorite of these 4 videos. We'll announce the winner on Friday and feature it on the Funny or Die homepage!

http://r.FunnyOrDie.com/epoix, Congrats to the winner of our first annual T-Mobile Sketchfest: THE BIRTHDAY BOYS! Watch their mind blowing video "The System" right now. It just might change your life., These would make any mouse blush., Danny and David show us how to get movie genitalia right., Gilbert Gottfried has trouble not making a joke about tragedies, but it's nothing new., The Drunk Critic goes after Disney's remake of the classic video game., You voted and the results are in! "Erin Brown's Hot on the Red Carpet: St. Patrick's Day" is the winner of this week's Facebook poll! Look for it on the front page this week., Made at the height of Eddie Murphy's powers, "Coming to America" is not only hilarious, it's highly educational., Jennie take her show down to the SXSW music festival to ask musical bands some hard hitting questions., "...is the choice, but either way you pee your pants." -- via I get panic, Want to write our status update? Make us laugh by 11:30 a.m. PST, and the winner becomes our status for the rest of the day. 

Be ORIGINAL and "Like" your favorite comments to help us pick a winner. Finish this sentence: Funny Or Die is ..., A preview of the season 2 finale of Funny Or Die Presents. Premieres tomorrow at Midnight on HBO!, Some obituaries the press may have in their back pocket., Hey, LA! Check out the Del Close doc TONIGHT at iO West in Hollywood. Starts at 7:30pm. The first day of the rest of your life starts promptly after., Gus Johnson, the voice of March Madness, calls some of the greatest moments in history., Remember that time in 1997 you found out Chris Rock & Chris Tucker are 2 different people & realized you're racist?, Carmen Ardino is the winner of this week's comment contest! Q: "How do you know when it's time to break up?"

A: "When you catch her standing at a urinal.", Only have $1.25 and an air freshener to do a mountain of laundry...who do you call? The Juke Guy!, Are you on Tumblr? You should probably follow Funny Or Die on Tumblr. It's going to be the best choice you'll make today. To be fair, you make terrible choices. Look at that shirt you're wearing for example., Answer this question before 5pm PST TODAY. Make us laugh. Win a Funny Or Die koozie! Be sure to "Like" comments you think are funny to help us pick the winner!

"How do you know when it's time to break up?", Ripping paper has never given anyone as much joy as it gives this adorable baby., One backflip was enough, the second was worth a concussion., Johnny Daggers is the winner of this week's T-Shirt Tuesday! Come on back next week for another chance to win clothes. Because that's how you're living in 2011. Get it together, man., This is our new security guard, Mike Tyson. Intruders beware!, "Four stars!" -Pedobear, Danny Pudi from "Community" takes a pretty lady back to his bedroom to show her where the magic happens.

Also, it's T-Shirt Tuesday! Someone who Likes this post gets a FOD Shirt. There's not really a good reason not to Like this video. It's pretty much amazing., Instead of asking your nerd friend for tech support try: 1) Turn it off/on 2) Mess with preferences 3) Don't be an idiot, Your dad has all the best dance moves and here he is doing all of them at once. GET IT, DAD!!!, Vote on your favorite of these 4 videos. We'll announce the winner on Friday and feature it on the Funny or Die homepage!

http://r.FunnyOrDie.com/epoix, We’re making lame missions cooler with the Nissan Juke… and we may show up at your door to film it! So submit yours HERE on the Juke facebook page: http://on.fb.me/h32c6s, Did you miss last week's FOD Presents? FOR SHAME! Here's what you missed. New episodes Friday at Midnight on HBO., American Exxxpose tackles Starbucks and the history of coffee addiction in this country. Are you drinking a cup now?? It might already be too late!, The One Movie Trying To Win All Next Year's Oscars is the winner of this week's Facebook poll! Check it out on the front page of FOD this week., When it comes down to it, this list could've been much larger. So let's really just consider these 55 OF THE best headlines from "The Simpsons.", Funny Or Die has TWO videos nominated for Best Viral Original at The Comedy Awards!

Please vote now for Between Two Ferns: Ben Stiller and Presidential Reunion! http://bit.ly/gzAOt8, Boston is basically already in every movie. It's time it got a city of its own., ˙ɹǝʌo sn dıןɟ ǝsɐǝןd 'uʍop ǝpısdn sı ǝıp ɹo ʎuunɟ -- via Sean 'Wordpress Guy' Vosler, Want to write our status update? Make us laugh by 11:30 a.m. PST, and the winner becomes our status for the rest of the day. 

Be ORIGINAL and "Like" your favorite comments to help us pick a winner. Finish this sentence: Funny Or Die is ..., The three groups attend a party where T-Mobile and Funny Or Die premiere the sketches.

Someone who 'Likes' this video wins a Funny Or Die T-Shirt!, The three groups attend a party where T-Mobile and Funny Or Die premiere the sketches.

Someone who 'Likes' this video wins a Funny Or Die T-Shirt!, The key difference between Rebecca Black and these artists is that she is a child and deserves a pass. Your move, Fergie., Green beer doesn't just grow on trees, ya know., Adrien Brody has an amazing new commercial for Stella Artois just in time for St. Patrick's Day., Go VOTE for Between Two Ferns/Presidential Reunion at the Comedy Awards. It will make us oh so happy. Do it. Right now. Thanks!
, Carly Craig sits down for a behind the scenes chat on the set of her sexy Maxim photoshoot., Answer this question before 5pm PST TODAY. Make us laugh. Win a Funny Or Die koozie! Be sure to "Like" comments you think are funny to help us pick the winner!

"What's the worst 3 word text message you can get after midnight?", Did you know that Black Swan was originally a movie called The Deli Manager starring Todd Barry? Well now you do., All of the regimes of the Middle East are changing, but now you can play at home., On the 5th Anniversary of the first tweet on Twitter, this documentary takes a look back at the history of twitter and some of its more impressive tweets., Are you in Texas for SXSW? We're having a panel at 3pm today in the convention center w/ Thomas Lennon and Ben Garant. You should probably come. It will be amazing., Marc Summers and Harvey join Good Charlotte for a brand new episode of 'Family Double Dare' so they can all take the physical challenge together., East Coast! Watch a new episode of Funny Or Die Presents on HBO in 20 minutes! Elijah Wood is in it! That should be reason enough., You voted and the results are in! "The One Movie Trying To Win All Next Year's Oscars" is the winner of this week's Facebook poll! Check it out on the front page of Funny Or Die this week., Still think Episode 1: The Phantom Menace was a bad movie? This video might change your mind., Top Notch insurance agent Tim Lippe is looking out for you- even in the event of a horrifically violent accident., Alright animals, no need to mug for the camera. Showoffs., So, in light of some recent world events, instead of picking a status winner we're going to suggest you text REDCROSS to 90999 to donate $10 to help Japan. 

(editor's note: This is also in light of some poorly worded/lazy tsunami jokes submitted for the status contest.), Want to write our status update? Make us laugh by 11:30 a.m. PST, and the winner becomes our status for the rest of the day. 

Be ORIGINAL and "Like" your favorite comments to help us pick a winner. Finish this sentence: Funny Or Die is ..., A sneak peek at episode 8 of Funny Or Die Presents with an exclusive look at Elijah Wood's mustache and guns! Premieres tomorrow night at Midnight on HBO., We shot a video today w/ Crystal Harris at the Playboy mansion! She is delightful, but there's a giant bird here named Carl who is attacking us., These might make your spidey-sense feel kinda funny...like when you used to climb the rope in gym class., You can't always get what you want. Hoverboards continue to be the best evidence to support this claim., Unleash your culinary warlock with Charlie Sheen's new cooking show. Winning. , Chris Mintz-Plasse and Dave Franco (James Franco's little brother) tell each other how hot they are. Language is NSFW and may result in overwhelming sexual urges. Consider yourself warned., Lance Spring is the winner of this week's comment contest! Q: "It's the ides of March...what should you beware of?"

A: "Your moms Facebook photo posts from Fat Tuesday", GO VOTE for Between Two Ferns & Presidential Reunion RIGHT NOW in the Comedy Awards! Seriously. Do it. Or else.

http://bit.ly/gzAOt8, Head on over to the Sony Facebook page! Someone who recreates the Priest in 3D trailer will win a trip to the L.A. premiere!, This is our new head chef: Charlie Sheen. He's cooking lunch right now for the whole office! Winning., Answer this question before 5pm PST TODAY. Make us laugh. Win a Funny Or Die koozie! Be sure to "Like" comments you think are funny to help us pick the winner!

"It's the ides of March...what should you beware of?", Vincent Kartheiser & Rich Sommer sit down in 1965 to discuss trains and why we need them. These ad men could sell ketchup popsicles to a lady in white gloves!, Danielle Karst is the winner of this week's T-Shirt Tuesday! Come back next Tuesday for a chance to win a Funny Or Die shirt., Our caption contest has been taken over by Jackass 3! Relive your favorite moments from the film in 2D still photos on your computer, the way they were meant to be experienced., This is our new editor: F-CPO. His hobbies include data entry, HDMI cables and house music., This is the best thing to happen to you, or any of us for that matter, in a very long time., Steven Weber performs actual words said by Republicans.

Also, it's T-Shirt Tuesday! Someone who likes this video wins a Funny Or Die T-Shirt! Because let's face it- Tuesday's kind of sucked before we started doing this., Find time for the gym?!? I don't even have 3 minutes for restarting a laptop to install necessary updates. And they're NECESSARY., Vote on your favorite of these 4 videos. We'll announce the winner on Friday and feature it on the Funny or Die homepage!

http://r.FunnyOrDie.com/epoix, Hey, guys! We've got TWO videos up for Best Viral Original at the Comedy Awards! Vote for Between Two Ferns and Presidential Reunion here: http://bit.ly/gzAOt8, Here's some of what you missed from episode 7 of season 2 of Funny Or Die Presents. New episodes every Friday at Midnight on HBO., Directors Peter and Bobby Farrelly venture to Twitter to compose their first tweet ever and run into some issues, mostly with the mousepad., Katie Couric interviews Mike Farah and Jake Szymanksi of Funny or Die, two people that prove comedy can be serious business., Katie Couric compiles this report investigating the myth that is known as "shaking the sillies out.", Emilio isn't as gnarly as his brother, but he's a really good guy., Names to ensure your child will not conform to the man., Jerry O'Connell has been tapped to replace Charlie Sheen on the set of Two and a Half Men. Winning., ... is refusing to write any status that has any mention of Charlie Sheen. -- via Jaimelyn Gray (wait...YOU TRICKED US, JAIMELYN!!!), A sneak peek at episode 7 of Funny Or Die Presents with an exclusive look at the newest episode of Juggalo News! Tune in for new episodes Friday at Midnight on HBO., Three groups made videos for our Sketch Comedy Challenge  w/ T-Mobile! Vote for your favorite! Here's video #3 from Cream. Be sure to vote for your favorite!, DJ Pauly Deen, Some decisions, like Betty or Veronica, are tough. Other decisions, like whether or not to see this movie if it existed, are very easy., Are hipsters using "Name" as a name for their kids yet?, Jason Dowley is the winner of this week's Comment Contest! Q: "WWCSD What Would Charlie Sheen Do?" 

A: "he would go to Funny or Die headquarters and grab his own f*cking koozie. It's called Winning!!", The Funny Or Die store is now open for business! Go pick up some FOD clothes. Walking around naked is kind of freaking people out.

http://bit.ly/feuECb

Someone who Likes this wins the awesome shirt pictured in this post! But, seriously. Whether you win or not. Just put some clothes on., Go check out Funny Or Die on Twitter. We're really funny over there. Honestly. We wouldn't lie to you...or would we? We wouldn't.

http://twitter.com/funnyordie, Three groups made videos for our Sketch Contest w/ T-Mobile! The one w/ the most 'Funny' votes wins! Here's video #2 from The Birthday Boys. Be sure to vote 'Funny' for your favorite!, Answer this question before 5pm PST TODAY. Make us laugh. Win a Funny Or Die koozie! Be sure to "Like" comments you think are funny to help us pick the winner!

"WWCSD? What Would Charlie Sheen Do?", Topher Grace starts to lose his patience when someone's cell phone keeps going off during a shoot., Amber Michelle Marshall is the winner of this week's T-Shirt Tuesday! Thanks for all the likes! Come back next week for another shot at a FOD shirt., We shot a video over the weekend w/ Joan Rivers! She is pretty much the best., Winning., Three groups made videos for our Sketch Comedy Challenge  w/ T-Mobile! Vote for your favorite! Here's video #1 from Tremendosaur. Be sure to vote for your favorite!, Odd Future Wolf Gang sit down for a meeting at EKG Records to talk about finally getting signed.

Also, it's T-Shirt Tuesday! Someone who Likes this video gets a FOD shirt. Click the Like button. Feels good, bro., So...where's the petition to get Kirk Douglas to host SNL?, More like the King's SWEEP? Am I right? Eh? Eh? Like that joke, these awards were terrible., Vote on your favorite of these 4 videos. We'll announce the winner on Friday and feature it on the Funny or Die homepage!

http://r.FunnyOrDie.com/epoix, Finally, someone released Jesse Eisenberg's never before seen audition tape for 127 Hours., Peter Weller, the actor who brilliantly portrayed RoboCop, is totally pumped about Detroit's plans build a monument to him., This was more or less obligatory. Don't say you didn't see this coming., Dan Dribs wants you to know two things: 1) The Logitech Revue is a cool device that's easy to use. 2) His brother Terry is the worst., Obviously Charlie Sheen has his shit together. So let's take his advice., Richard Lewis is here to give you his opinions on the nominees of movies he hasn't seen yet., ...is about as cool as a handjob on your honeymoon. -- via Cole Harris, Want to write our status update? Make us laugh by 11:30 a.m. PST, and the winner becomes our status for the rest of the day. 

Be ORIGINAL and "Like" your favorite comments to help us pick a winner. Finish this sentence: Funny Or Die is ..., It all started when someone threw some oversized glasses on The Little Mermaid. And now it's taken over the Disney Kingdom., Cat + Laser Pointer + Pyramid of Cups = Indoor Cat Bowling, This is our new elite security team. If the bullets don't stop you, the motorcycle tires will., Having trouble following what each best picture nominee is about? Not a problem. Here's some easy math to guide the way., Dear Internet: Please continue remixing videos of Thom Yorke dancing by himself to various music. It is amazing, and quite possibly the meaning of life., This day hasn't been very Raven so far. Really hoping that changes soon., Spencer Tomecko is the winner of this week's comment contest! Q: "What will be the most memorable moment from the 2011 Academy Awards?"

A: "Natalie Portman's water breaking while accepting an award and Lady Gaga rushing onstage to where the placenta as a beret.", Do you like fat guys? Do you like their supple breasts? Then you're going to LOVE Moobs Gone Wild!, Answer this question before 5pm PST TODAY. Make us laugh. Win a Funny Or Die koozie! Be sure to "Like" comments you think are funny to help us pick the winner!

"What will be the most memorable moment from the 2011 Academy Awards?", Former Heavyweight Champion of the World, Mike Tyson sits down with the current movie champion, Leonard Maltin to discuss Oscar picks., Shannon Elizabeth finds out what playing Black-Ops on Xbox Live is like., Thanks for all the likes! Erik Aguilar is the winner of T-Shirt Tuesday. Come back next week for another shot at an article of FOD clothing., We shot a video w/ Carly Craig yesterday! It's an ad for clothes & Pepsi. We need a better costume/props dept., Where IS Randy Savage? The photographic results may surprise you., Times are tough. Even Aziz Ansari needs to ask people for a job.

Also, it's T-Shirt Tuesday! Someone who likes this video wins a FOD shirt. It's cold out there. You should be wearing clothes., Owen Wilson explains to kids at a birthday party exactly what a Hall Pass is., Our whole front page is currently nothing but video remixes of Justin Bieber getting shot on CSI. You're welcome.

http://funnyordie.com
, http://justinbiebergetsshot.tumblr.com/, If you need an alibi for a crime committed on a Tuesday, don't try and use T.G.I. Friday’s. The cops will never buy it., Hide your kids. Hide your wif- actually, just hide your kids., Judd Apatow gives James Franco hosting advice for the Oscars. , ...tired of being in charge. Where's Charles? -- via Kathleen Geiger, Want to write our status update? Make us laugh by 11:30 a.m. PST, and the winner becomes our status for the rest of the day. 

Be ORIGINAL and "Like" your favorite comments to help us pick a winner. Finish this sentence: Funny Or Die is ..., Cancelled, due to unforeseen hilarity., Fun fact: When it rains in LA, Leonard Maltin shows up at your office & tries to sell you an umbrella., If you see two bears making sweet sweet love, run away. Run as far as you can. Here’s why., Can't wait for Big Momma's House 3? You don't have to! We made our own version starring Jaleel White and it's amazing., Guys just like the Sports Illustrated Swimsuit Edition b/c it subconsciously convinces them that masturbation is a sport. Also, huge boobs., This video of a kid throwing up during choir practice is pretty awesome. You should probably watch it., Omid Meradji is the winner of this week's comment contest! Q: "If you were going back in time 30 years, what 3 things would you bring?"

A: "Two girls, one cup.", You like Tumblr, right? Of course you do. Check out Funny Or Die on Tumblr. Do it. Now. We'll wait as long as it takes. Just do it already. WE HAVE PLACES TO BE! ...............we have no real plans. Busted.

http://FunnyOrDie.tumblr.com, Answer this question before 5pm PST TODAY. Make us laugh. Win a Funny Or Die koozie! Be sure to "Like" comments you think are funny to help us pick the winner!

"If you were going back in time 30 years, what 3 things would you bring?", Middle-aged Justin Bieber searches for inspiration in a broken world., Thanks for all the likes! Shanay PrimaDiva Sulton is the winner of this week's T-Shirt Tuesday! Come back next Tuesday for your chance to win a FOD shirt., Seeing this sign when you get to the office is pretty much the best., Instead of reveling in the feel-good-story that is an underdog band pulling off a major upset, idiots far and wide took to Twitter and Facebook to express their displeasure., Sorry everyone else who has ever participated in a dance off, your efforts were in vain because this is the best dance off of all time.

Also, it's T-Shirt Tuesday! Someone who likes this video gets a FOD shirt. We want you to look stylish., If life gets you down, remember that the "snozberries" kid in Super Troopers married Christina Hendricks. Good things happen to good people., The Axis of Awesome, Australia's Most Awesomest Musical Comedy Group, take you through how to write a love song., WARNING: Contents of this article may stir up uncontrollable and confusing sexual feelings., Didn't catch episode 5 of FOD Presents? Here's what you missed. New episode every Friday at Midnight on HBO., You might be a little upset if you got one of these for Valentine's Day., Joe Jonas singing to your girlfriend is probably the best Valentine's Day gift you can get., The guys discover the secret to attraction., The easiest way to make things difficult this Valentine's day., Everything you need to know about AOL buying Huffington Post. The first 50 hours are free., ...going to let Hosni Mubarak sleep on their couch for a few days. -- via Steve Tom (Bonus points for the Ed Halligan profile pic!), Want to write our status update? Make us laugh by 11:30 a.m. PST, and the winner becomes our status for the rest of the day. 

Be ORIGINAL and "Like" your favorite comments to help us pick a winner. Finish this sentence: Funny Or Die is ..., Detroit, we know you've hit some rough times. Take these suggestions. You can thank us for saving your economy later., Take a look at tomorrow's new episode of FOD Presents. New episodes every Friday at Midnight on HBO., This is our new social media expert: Robobot. Say hi to him and warm his robo-heart., Dear Previous Generations: What the hell? Seriously. -- Signed, The Present Day., Looks like he’s trying to hang with a new entourage! Jeremy Piven auditions to join Hot Wheels mysterious team of drivers., This wine shelf almost killed a dude, but what a way to go!, Erich Haberman is the winner of this week's comment contest! Come back next Wednesday for your chance to win a koozie. Q: "What's the name of a video game you would never want to play?"

A: "France France Revolution", Answer this question before 5pm PST TODAY. Make us laugh. Win a Funny Or Die koozie! Be sure to "Like" comments you think are funny to help us pick the winner!

"What's the name of a video game you would never want to play?", When they were down in Hawaii filming "The Bottle Attacks," Super Bowl MVPs Drew Brees and Ray Lewis signed some footballs for you guys. Head on over and "like" the Pepsi Max page to find the form to enter to win!, Zach sits down with his new best friend Tila Tequila and welcomes another guest some people may recognize., The revolution in Egypt has taken to Facebook and there they will find their new leader., Thanks for all the likes! Jessica Medeiros Martiros is the winner of this week's T-Shirt Tuesday! Come back every Tuesday for a chance to win a FOD shirt., We shot a video yesterday with Nas! He's Lolmatic., There's a little Kanye in all of us., Sarah Palin goes into extreme withdrawal during a month without her favorite drug -- the press.

Also, it's T-Shirt Tuesday! Someone who likes this video gets a FOD shirt. Because we like you., Did you guys hear? Chick-Fil-A is anti-gay people. Seriously. Here's their new ad (not seriously.) that lets the world know how they feel. But seriously, google them. Kind of a mean and hateful company., Vote on your favorite of these 4 videos. We'll announce the winner on Friday and feature it on the Funny or Die homepage!

http://r.FunnyOrDie.com/epoix, Didn't watch the big game? Having trouble talking to co-workers? You need Dudes-n-Bros Talking Points!, Here's a little taste of what you missed if you didn't catch episode 4 of FOD Presents. New episodes every Friday at Midnight on HBO., Jackie Chiles is a man of the people and for the people and he knows Tiger Woods., You voted and the results are in! "Joe Goes to BRIDE WORLD" is the winner of this week's Facebook poll! Look for it on the front of Funny Or Die this week., Want to see what it was like filming "The Bottle Attacks!" w/ Drew Brees & Ray Lewis? Check out the bonus material at: http://www.facebook.com/pepsimaxUSA?v=wall, It's Friday, so here are a bunch of adorable puppies. TGIF, you guys!, This is why you should ask permission before filming your rap video in front of Ryan Phillippe's house., Enjoy the first webisode in a series of what will surely be known as the greatest series of webisodes ever., Tired of waiting for Sunday's game? Super Bowl MVPs Drew Brees and Ray Lewis are here to rescue you. Drink up the bold premiere of "The Bottle Attacks!" and be sure to "Like" Pepsi MAX!: http://Facebook.com/PepsiMaxUSA, Take a look at tomorrow's BRAND NEW episode of Funny Or Die Presents! Tune in for new episodes every Friday at Midnight on HBO., We shot a video today with Joe Jonas! If enough of you get excited we'll use the FOD twitter to give away something he touched. Honest., Damn, Tracy. You so crazy., This is insanely well done. Three stars!, Oregon Trail is now on Facebook. Your workplace productivity just died of dysentery., Tay Smith is the winner of this week's comment contest! Q: "What's the best thing to do when you're snowed in?"

A: "Make up names all day that would describe this bullshit =Snoly cow! Snowpocalypse! Snowmaggedon! Blizzaster! snOMG! Snoprah winfrey! Snostradamus! Snobama! Blizzard of Oz! OK, I'll stop now.", You’ve seen them before. They’ll surround you this Sunday. As a matter of fact, you’re probably one of them., "Phil? Phil Connors? It's Ned... Ned Ryerson!" Happy Groundhog Day, you guys!, Answer this question before 5pm PST TODAY. Make us laugh. Win a Funny Or Die koozie! Be sure to "Like" comments you think are funny to help us pick the winner!

"What's the best thing to do when you're snowed in?", In an effort to rebrand itself Four Loko has decided to class things up a bit in their new commercial advertising the Vineyards where Four Loko is born., Having trouble talking to fratty douchebags? You need Dudes-n-Bros Talking Points., Anthony Hernandez is the winner of this week's T-Shirt Tuesday! Come back next week for another chance to win a FOD shirt and thanks for all the likes. We like you too. We really do., We shot a video yesterday with Jeremy Piven! Here he is before wardrobe/makeup., It doesn't matter how big they print this. You will always ignore it., Teenagers thank the Parents TV Council for letting them know how AWESOME "Skins" is.

Also...It's T-Shirt Tuesday! We'll pick someone who Likes this video and send them a FOD T-Shirt. Because we love you., Las Vegas is just a boring chick with a bad personality who wears slutty clothes & looks good in the dark., Vote on your favorite of these 4 videos. We'll announce the winner on Friday and feature it on the Funny or Die homepage!

http://r.FunnyOrDie.com/epoix, Rob Huebel shows Ben Stiller a dead body! Tim & Eric direct a Will Ferrell/John C. Reilly video! So much more! New episodes every Friday at Midnight on HBO., Jason Segel & Paul Rudd finally get around to slappin the bass with the guys from Rush., What do FOD and Super Bowl MVPs Drew Brees and Ray Lewis
have in common? We're all in Hawaii for today's Pro Bowl, and we're
teaming up to create an all-star caliber video. Visit FunnyOrDie.com
on Friday for the bold premiere of Pepsi Max Attacks, and be sure to
"Like" Pepsi Max!: http://www.facebook.com/pepsimaxUSA, It's BYOB day at the FOD office: Bring Your Own Baby! We used to have a Bring Someone Else's Baby day but the cops got involved., It's Friday, so here's 10 pictures of old people who just don't care. TGIF, you guys., The mystery of what Michele Bachmann was looking at during her Tea Party response to the State of the Union is finally revealed in this video., "...the cause of Charlie Sheen's hernia." -- via Rocky Brown, Want to write our status update? Make us laugh by 11:30 a.m. PST, and the winner becomes our status for the rest of the day. 

Be ORIGINAL and "Like" your favorite comments to help us pick a winner. Finish this sentence: Funny Or Die is ..., This is Oliver, our new IT guy. He is really good with computers and the ladies love him., Take a look at the latest episode of Funny Or Die Presents before it airs! New episodes every Friday at Midnight on HBO., Michael Jordan, the Fresh Prince AND the cast of House Party? This might be the greatest picture of all time., Don't you hate when you go to IM someone & RIGHT when you click their name they sign off & you're all "NOOooOoOoo- wait. Shit. I'm a loser.", This is a great example of how you should get snow off your roof if you're an idiot., Paul Harris is the winner of this weeks comment contest! Q: "What's the biggest Academy Awards snub this year?" 

A: "Jack Nicholson going to a Lakers game instead.", Check out Funny or Die on Tumblr. You know you want to. All the cool kids are doing it! Feels good, man.

http://funnyordie.tumblr.com, Answer this question before 5pm PST TODAY. Make us laugh. Win a Funny Or Die koozie! Be sure to "Like" comments you think are funny to help us pick the winner!

"What's the biggest Academy Awards snub this year?", Princess Ke$ha gets ready with a little help from her friends and a beautiful new song., Well, that didn't take long., Thanks for all the Likes! Michelle Carr Phillips is the winner of this week's T-Shirt Tuesday. Come back next week for another shot at winning a FOD shirt., Here’s what happened at our office Saturday. Thanks to Al Yankovic for the photo and to Jon Daly for being the best kind of mad man., Air Bud was snubbed., It's T-Shirt Tuesday! We'll pick someone who Likes this video and send them a FOD T-Shirt. So what are you waiting for? Click the like button. But then maybe also watch the video, you guys. It's a pretty good video! , "If you smoke like I smoOOooke, then 'Inception' was really confusing" -Nate Dogg film review, In a situation like this, Robocop would not be enough. Get me Robert Cop, goddamnit!, Vote on your favorite of these 4 videos. We'll announce the winner on Friday and feature it on the Funny or Die homepage!

http://r.FunnyOrDie.com/epoix, Here's some of what you missed if you didn't see Funny Or Die Presents this week. New episodes every Friday at Midnight on HBO. Paco Paco., BillCosby Bukowski, America's Jelloet Laureate, recites a new Jelloem., Miss episode two of FOD Presents? This should bring you up to speed. Paco Paco., Here's another taste of tonight's new episode of FOD Presents. It's also a taste of Paul Rudd's life., Here's a preview of Tijuana Jackson from tonight's episode of FOD Presents! Tune in TONIGHT at Midnight on HBO, "...the name of the new Republican health reform plan." -- via William Bradford, Want to write our status update? Make us laugh by 11:30 a.m. PST, and the winner becomes our status for the rest of the day. 

Be ORIGINAL and "Like" your favorite comments to help us pick a winner. Finish this sentence: Funny Or Die is ..., We shot a video today w/ Odd Future Wolf Gang! This picture was taken moments after Tyler slapped the taste out of Paul Scheer's mouth., The first season of FOD Presents is available now on DVD for all cowards! Season 2 continues tomorrow at midnight on HBO., "Dear Hip Hop, We're very very sorry." --White People, Bananas! Watch 'Funny Or Die Presents' tomorrow night at Midnight on HBO., If your voicemail is always full, drugs probably play a substantial part in your daily life., Kevin Boyce is the winner of this week's comment contest! Q: "What's the most disappointing thing about the Coachella lineup?" 

A: "There's not enough cowbell.", Take this survey about Funny Or Die. It's short, fun (it's not really fun, it's a survey) and we're giving away THREE HUNDRED Funny Or Die shirts to people who fill it out! Just do it. You look so cute when you're filling out surveys., Answer this question before 5pm PST TODAY. Make us laugh. Win a Funny Or Die koozie! Be sure to "Like" comments you think are funny to help us pick the winner!

"What's the most disappointing thing about the Coachella lineup?", Martin Starr and Michael Cera spend the day with Tony Danza. Come on. You know you want to watch that., Thanks for all the likes! Gino Croes is the winner of T-Shirt Tuesday! Come back next Tuesday for another chance at winning a FOD shirt., Matthew Morrison, Ashely Lendzion, Heather Morris, Jane, Riki Lindhome & Cory Monteith at the "Nuthin' But a Glee Thang" shoot., Surprise! It's mostly Japan., It's T-Shirt Tuesday! We'll pick someone who Likes this video and send them a FOD shirt!, It would be nice if you could staple-gun a crucifix to your TV to keep out all vampire related programming., East Coast! "Funny Or Die Presents" season 2 premieres in 10 minutes on HBO! Post your favorite lines as comments on this post. We'll pick 5 and send you FOD Presents posters., The winners of the FOD prize packs are Kelly Huff, Benji Regazzi, Ryan Whitehead, Monica Cambron-Dollar and Davis Kyle. Season 2 of 'Funny Or Die Presents' premieres TONIGHT at Midnight on HBO!, You voted and the results are in! "GREASE IT! GET IT!" is the winner of this week's video poll. Look for it on the front of Funny Or Die this week., Pretty sure we ALL just got served with this one., These animals are so high right now. Seriously., Season 2 of 'Funny Or Die Presents' premieres TONIGHT at Midnight on HBO! We'll pick 5 people who likes this post and send them FOD prize packs: http://dailybooth.com/u/7b3f6, This page from her cook book shows Palin is well aware of the definition of "blood libel.", A bunch of old people get together after an AARP meeting and check out Season 1 of FOD Presents. Go buy it RIGHT NOW! It's the best choice you will make in your whole life., We bumped in to Samuel L. Jackson yesterday at lunch and decided to take a group picture., The eight hippest hipsters in Silverlake strive to live their art, enlighten the masses and pay the rent., People will let you down. A sandwich won't. And yet...people make sandwiches. Life's big questions are tough., Bó Endean is the winner of this week's comment contest! Q: "How do you know when you've had too much to drink?"

A: "When Snooki becomes attractive.", Attention all comedy nerds: Season 1 of Funny Or Die Presents is now available on DVD wherever DVD like things are sold. Season 2 starts FRIDAY at midnight on HBO!, Follow Funny Or Die on Twitter. Seriously. Just do it. It feels great! Honest.
, Answer this question before 5pm PST TODAY. Make us laugh. Win a Funny Or Die koozie! Be sure to "Like" comments you think are funny to help us pick the winner!

"How do you know when you've had too much to drink?", The kid was unable to stop the shot with his face., 'Funny Or Die Presents' Season 1 is now available in a box! Season 2 premieres this Friday at Midnight on HBO., There's a stuffed wolf (real.) that keeps showing up around the office. Looks like he's ready to party., Quite possibly the most amazing letter of termination ever., Every "we reserve the right to refuse service" sign is there because, at one point, someone got naked and/or violent in that restaurant., Heather Morris and the cast of GLEE put their own spin on the Dr. Dre classic., Learn about the new deadly STD that can transport you to another dimension., Vote on your favorite of these 4 videos. We'll announce the winner on Friday and feature it on the Funny or Die homepage!

http://r.FunnyOrDie.com/epoix, Look what's down the street from our office...Season 2 of Funny Or Die Presents starts this Friday at Midnight on HBO!, Mondays are terrible, so here's a collection of Bill Cosby GIFs to take the edge off., There's a new social media super hero in town, and his name is Big Tweet. You don't get to a billion followers without making a few enemies., Nobody is more qualified to work at a suicide hotline than the Suicide Girls., CBS covers the gripping tail., The only thing penguins love more than snow is heavy metal., An easy to way to assess the fact that the internet is turning us into paranoid freaks., Funny Or Die Presents Returning to HBO Jan. 14th at Midnight, James Van Der Beek is taking over our Twitter to answer your questions! Tweet to him @funnyordie and he'll respond! #VanDerWeek, "I always want to say to people who want to be rich and famous: 'try being rich first'. See if that doesn't cover most of it." -Bill Murray, Take a look  behind the scenes with James Van Der Beek on the making of Van Der Week., James Van Der Beek is taking over the Funny Or Die twitter tomorrow to answer your questions! We DO want to wait for our Van Der Week to be over.
, Here's a behind the scenes pic from Van Der Week. Full "Making of Van Der Week" video coming tomorrow!, John Boehner was just elected the Speaker of the House. Let's give him a warm welcome with pictures of him at his most vulnerable., How do so many masters of comedy/song miss their true calling and wind up working at Southwest airlines?, James Van Der Beek wears the hottest new pants around: DILF Khakis., Brendan Hegeman is the winner of this week's Comment Contest! Q: "What's the only logical explanation for all the of birds falling out of the sky?"

A: "Seven days ago they all watched "The Ring" together...", Answer this question before 5pm PST TODAY. Make us laugh. Win a Funny Or Die koozie! Be sure to "Like" comments you think are funny to help us pick the winner!

"What's the only logical explanation for all the of birds falling out of the sky?", James Van Der Beek is sorry he was so nice on Dawson's Creek. Now he's an "Asshole for Hire" to help your girlfriend realize how great you are. VanDerWeek continues!, Rob Huebel and everybody's favorite ex-NFL star take a trip to see a dead body. Season 2 of 'Funny Or Die Presents' premieres Friday January 14th at Midnight on HBO!, Did you know James Van Der Beek is on Facebook? You're already a fan of him in real life, why not be a fan on Facebook? Van Der Week continues tomorrow..., Love the classic animated GIF of Dawson crying? Want more Van Der Beek GIFs? Check out http://JamesVanDerMemes.com today!, Wait, "Arrested Development" was on for less than three seasons, and "According to Jim" was on for how long??? COME ON!, Welcome to VanDerWeek at Funny Or Die! James Van Der Beek from "Dawson's Creek" has an exciting new website for all your animated GIF needs., The highly anticipated second single by international hip-hop sensations BUCKWHEAT GROATS., FOD Best of 2010: Mike Tyson and Wayne Brady re-create Bobby Brown's classic "Every Little Step" music video., FOD Best of 2010: Trailer for the upcoming Weird Al Yankovic biopic.  This film is sure to get all the Academy Awards., FOD Greatest Hits: Lindsay Lohan is newly single and ready to mingle!, FOD Greatest Hits: Enviro-Tips from the driving force behind the environmentalist movement., FOD Best of 2010: Oscar winner Marion Cotillard introduces a new product to help women be taken more seriously in the workplace., FOD Best of 2010: Eva Mendes' sex tape is finally here and you won't believe the positions she gets into., Or your dog is actually a dog? That's cute. Max and Al have a bull., FOD Best of 2010: Justin Bieber has decided to buy Funny or Die and do with it whatever his tiny little heart desires., FOD Best of 2010: The story of how the friendship between Abraham Lincoln (Will Ferrell) and Fredrick Douglass (Don Cheadle) overcame slavery and racism., FOD Best of 2010: This documentary takes a closer look at the seedy world of brostitution and brostitutes., FOD Best of 2010: Jewel, disguised as a mild mannered businesswoman, drops by a local karaoke bar and performs some of her hits., FOD Best of 2010: In his new movie, Ralph Macchio faces his toughest challenge yet; to become a Hollywood bad boy., Take a tour of Max and Al's home. Laser Bears? Laser Bears., FOD Greatest Hits: Zach interviews Natalie Portman and her dog, Whiz., FOD 2010 Greatest Hits: All of the SNL presidents + a very special guest visit Barack Obama to offer some advice., David Bowie (Will Ferrell) visits Bing Crosby (John C. Reilly) to sing this classic Christmas duet. Merry Christmas!, James Franco sits down with his grandmother to send out a special message for the holidays., Oh, so you put your child on the lap of a strange man in the mall and they weren't pleased with your decision? Weird., Jewish Santa has brought a few gifts for the boys and girls this year., Whenever you feel like a genius, remember there was a time in your life when you were learning to not crap your pants., Best Worst Advice created from REAL celebrity tweets from 2010., Cory Thomas is the winner of this week's comment contest! Q: "What's your New Year's resolution?

A: "to stop getting a fear boner every time i see a scary dog", "A $21 donation gets you 3 bottles of sunscreen, each with a sexy photo of me on it. Just in time for the holidays. Is there a better way to tell that special someone you'd like to take your relationship to the next level? The answer is No, there is not." -Will Ferrell, Check out Funny Or Die on Tumblr. It's good for you. Don't you want to grow up to be both big and strong? 

http://FunnyOrDie.tumblr.com, Here's a sneak peek at the 2nd season of 'Funny Or Die Presents' on HBO. Premieres January 14th at midnight!, Answer this question before 5pm PST TODAY. Make us laugh. Win a Funny Or Die koozie! Be sure to "Like" comments you think are funny to help us pick the winner!

"What's your New Year's resolution?", Brett Gelman's charity PSA is here just in time for the holidays., Thanks for all the likes! Scott Barajas wins this week's FOD shirt for T-shirt Tuesday. Be sure to check back next Tuesday for another chance to win., Want to make your MINI huge? Then you need MINI-PLEX!, 'Funny or Die Presents' kicks off its new season January 14th at midnight on HBO. You should watch because you like things that are funny. Check out this cool new poster!, It's t-shirt Tuesday! We'll pick someone who likes this post before 6pm PST and send them a Funny Or Die shirt. Go ahead. Click like. Maybe you'll get a shirt., Mistletoe is a gateway date rape drug., A lot of people try to be crunk, but its not easy to do it all the time. Lil Jon just wants to survive in Atlanta without always having to be crunk., Vote on your favorite of these 4 videos. We'll announce the winner on Friday and feature it on the Funny or Die homepage!

http://r.FunnyOrDie.com/epoix, The Office. Extras. There all here. With a pug nose., A recently unearthed Christmas classic from 1982., This is what happens when you let JB Smoove run your focus group., You voted and the results are in! "Wikileaks Christmas Party" is the winner of this week's poll. Check it out on the front page of Funny Or Die this week. , Kenny lays down his expectations after locking down a very prestigious shoe contract., Sony Bloggie & Funny Or Die present this collection of hilarious "you had to be there" moments. Watch and vote funny on the best one. The winning clip goes on the FOD homepage!, Actually, Snoop at Sea World makes all too much sense., is going for the rebound relationship with Scarlett Johansson. -- via Teresa 'tes' Brown, Want to write our status update? Make us laugh by 11:30 a.m. PST, and the winner becomes our status for the rest of the day. 

Be ORIGINAL and "Like" your favorite comments to help us pick a winner. Finish this sentence: Funny Or Die is ..., Michaela Watkins plays the most famous hand model (of all time in the world forever) Ellen Sirot, Here's a behind the scenes pic from the "Little Drummer Boy" shoot. It takes a village to make an Internet video., We're all guilty of these., The old tale of the Inn Keeper who turned away Mary and Joseph., Jonathan Turner is the winner of this week's comment contest! Q: "What's the last thing you want to do at your holiday party?"

"See my overweight, elderly, white female manager sing 'My neck, my back' on karaoke.", We're helping Gallery 1988 with an amazing art show. Artwork that's inspired by comedians. Check out some incredibly cool preview pics., Answer this question before 5pm PST TODAY. Make us laugh. Win a Funny Or Die koozie! Be sure to "Like" comments you think are funny to help us pick the winner!

"What's the last thing you want to do at your office holiday party?", The controversial alternate ending to the new "Yogi Bear" movie. It's mind blowing., Thanks for all the likes! Heather Starkey wins this week's FOD shirt for T-shirt Tuesday. Be sure to check back next Tuesday for another chance to win., A behind the scenes look at "The Other Guys" goes hilariously wrong in this exclusive clip!, Our sound guy is named Bo and yesterday he came around the office with this box of cookies. He's the best., Somehow the rest of the advertising world missed the team-building session where they were told not to unintentionally exploit children., It's t-shirt Tuesday! We'll pick someone who likes this post before 6pm PST and send them a Funny Or Die shirt. Go ahead. Click like. Maybe you'll get a shirt., Three of our writers called in sick because they watched Sarah Palin's reality show & now they can't stop having diarrhea., Want a chance to win a cow bell signed by Will Ferrell? It's as easy as donating to a good cause. Next year he might give away a little drum., Vote on your favorite of these 4 videos. We'll announce the winner on Friday and feature it on the Funny or Die homepage!

http://r.FunnyOrDie.com/epoix, Two parents know how much their son loves "Eastbound and Down" so they re-create an episode for him., Happy (extremely awkward) Holidays!, David Bowie (Will Ferrell) visits Bing Crosby (John C. Reilly) during the holidays to sing a duet of two Christmas classics., The timeless classic gets a holiday remix., You voted and the results are in! "I Shit My Pants" is the winner of this week's Facebook poll! Check it out on the front page of Funny Or Die this week., Two best friends argue over an age-old question: Do chicks dig it hairy or shaved?, It's been fun. Now get back to being people who shouldn't be famous., Sarah Silverman tells Conan the story of when she first discovered the name of the Funny or Die CEO., is approved by 9 out 0f 10 carnival workers and their meth dealers. -- via Wally Klock Jr., Want to write our status update? Make us laugh by 11 a.m. PST, and the winner becomes our status for the rest of the day. 

Be ORIGINAL and "Like" your favorite comments to help us pick a winner. Finish this sentence: Funny Or Die is ..., Salsa Dog is better than your dog at dancing. Salsa Dog is also better than you at dancing., Some people have a dog. Max and Al have a bull. This is the epic story of that bull., A good cameraman knows how to get the shot and check twitter at the same time., Major events were happening during "Home Alone." You'd think the local news would be all over it., Jackie Chiles, everyone's favorite lawyer from Seinfeld, talks about the Internet., Even the dinosaurs on Jurassic Park were like, "It doesn't matter what your JP ID-Card says. Your name is Newman.", Will Ferrell and Adam McKay discuss McKay's greatest cameo of all time: Dirty Mike from "The Other Guys", Aaron David is the winner of this week's comment contest! Q: "What's the next document Wikileaks will release?" 

A: "The TSA body scanner porn ring.", Protective eyewear won't shield you from the horrors of this NERF battlefield! Watch the video and ‘like’ our friends at NERF http://www.facebook.com/nerfnation, Answer this question before 5pm PST TODAY. Make us laugh. Win a Funny Or Die koozie! Be sure to "Like" comments you think are funny to help us pick the winner!


"What's the next document Wikileaks will release?", This cat just wants to hug his teddy bear forever and ever and ever., This may be the weirdest video you see all week, and you'll probably watch it 10 times in a row., Thanks for all the likes! Matthew Winnier wins this week's FOD shirt for T-shirt Tuesday. Be sure to check back next Tuesday for another chance to win., Focus groups can be hard but these guys are terrible. Think you can do better?, Sam Trammell tweeted this picture from a shoot he did with us the other day. A billion dollars to whoever can guess what the video is about., RIP Rudolph., It's t-shirt Tuesday! We'll pick someone who likes this post before 6pm PST and send them a Funny Or Die shirt. Go ahead. Click like. Maybe you'll get a shirt., What's a four letter word for "word?", That didn't take long., Vote on your favorite of these 4 videos. We'll announce the winner on Friday and feature it on the Funny or Die homepage!

http://r.FunnyOrDie.com/epoix, I just want to shake the hand of the guy making these signs. He might be a genius. He also may be the most oblivious human being alive., Donate $28 to Scholarships for Cancer Survivors and you could win an autographed cow bell from Will Ferrell. Seriously. Learn more here: http://bit.ly/gDEoUO, Check out Roxy Fedaro (Christina Applegate) in her newest DVD for expecting mothers., Somehow this exists. And it's amazing. Is that Carlton from Fresh Prince? Of course it is. Because this may be the greatest thing of all time., You voted, and the results are in. "Son of the Hulk" is the winner of this week's video poll! Check it out on the front page of Funny or Die this week!, Jesus Christ, just learn what lenses do what. These animals need to get their act together., An uncle gets schooled by his nephew in video games until an old classic comes along., is eagerly waiting to go through the TSA line again this time wearing a ball gag. Will they get the hint? -- via Cajun Bauman, Want to write our status update? Make us laugh by 11 a.m. PST, and the winner becomes our status for the rest of the day. 

Be ORIGINAL and "Like" your favorite comments to help us pick a winner. Finish this sentence: Funny Or Die is ..., This man wants to show you how he does it like Montell Jordan., Brainstorms aren't easy., Scott got a new tan on his face. How does it look?, Good luck sleeping tonight., Sex and the city...and parkour, Happy Hanukkah! Time to celebrate the miracle of when the iPhone stayed on for 8 days, even though the battery was below 20%., Charles Bronson's best movie you probably never heard of., David Ivy is the winner of this week's comment contest! Q: "How do you get that loud barking dog next door to finally shut up?" 

A: "A shock collar, but not on the dog. Put it on the owners balls and I bet that dog stops barking.", Check out Funny Or Die on Tumblr. It's the best thing you will today. To be fair, a lot of the things you do today will probably be stupid and totally suck.

http://FunnyOrDie.tumblr.com, Answer this question before 5pm PST TODAY. Make us laugh. Win a Funny Or Die koozie! Be sure to "Like" comments you think are funny to help us pick the winner!

"How do you get that loud barking dog next door to finally shut up?", This is the internets FIRST original content mash-up: Two different television shows, produced together as one., Tired of being a fatty fat fatso? No more excuses! If you got a dog then you got a gym!, Thanks for all the likes! Gilles Rolland wins this week's FOD shirt for T-shirt Tuesday. Be sure to check back next Tuesday for another chance to win., Some gifts should not be homemade., Don't you hate it when you show up to work and your office has been transformed into a 1920's hospital room?, There are two types of people in this world: People who hate cilantro and misguided fools who can tolerate the taste of that devil parsley., It's t-shirt Tuesday! We'll pick someone who likes this post before 6pm PST and send them a Funny Or Die shirt. Go ahead. Click like. Maybe you'll get a shirt., Nothing like bringing dangerous dictators down a notch., Leslie Nielsen used to always bring a fart machine with him whenever he did talk shows. RIP., Vote on your favorite of these 4 videos. We'll announce the winner on Friday and feature it on the Funny or Die homepage!

http://r.FunnyOrDie.com/epoix, A compilation of his best quotes? Surely, you can't be serious., The Comedy Death-Ray Christmas Nativity Choir sings "We Are The World" this holiday season with Sarah Silverman, Kurt Russell, Thomas Lennon, Kevin Nealon, Weird Al and many more., Jonathan Brandis will be there. Take it to the bank., In a world where getting laid is such a hassle, Four Loko simplifies the process into one easy step., For Thanksgiving, these turkey juiceheads get it on down at the Jersey Shore., Kenny Powers lays down his expectations after getting a major footwear contract., You voted, and the results are in. "Douglas" is the winner of this week's video poll! Check it out on the front page of Funny or Die this week!, The kids reenact Kanye West's infamous twitter feed., Josh Hicks is the winner of this week's comment contest! Q: "What are you thankful for this Thanksgiving?"  

A: "Thankful that I'm two time zones away from any family members", Bearskin rug with laser eyes? Yep... bearskin rug with laser eyes. Take a tour of the greatest Lodge of all time., Answer this question before 5pm PST TODAY. Make us laugh. Win a Funny Or Die koozie! Be sure to "Like" comments you think are funny to help us pick the winner!

"What are you thankful for this Thanksgiving?", The Transportation Security Administration (TSA) released this PSA to explain why they are doing more enhanced pat-downs for the holiday season. Do not watch this if you are a terrorist., Daniel Radcliffe reveals he's actually a wizard named Harry playing the role of a successful actor named Dan., Thanks for all the likes! Marc Michel wins this week's FOD shirt for T-shirt Tuesday. Be sure to check back next Tuesday for another chance to win., Lauren and Alex argue over who tells the costume place that we're not returning this one., It's t-shirt Tuesday! We'll pick someone who likes this post before 6pm PST and send them a Funny Or Die shirt. Go ahead. Click like. Maybe you'll get a shirt., "I love cake like a fat kid loves cake." -A fat kid who loves cake, Kelly Brook wants to show you her newest line of cameltoe covers, just in time for the Holidays., The family stands back to laugh and make sure the moment is recorded with multiple cameras., Vote on your favorite of these 4 videos. We'll announce the winner on Friday and feature it on the Funny or Die homepage!

http://r.FunnyOrDie.com/epoix, Well played, The Simpsons. Well played., In this animated holiday special Sarah Silverman recalls a pivotal thanksgiving in her childhood., A desperate man on an errand of the most critical in nature., You voted, and the results are in. "Stain Away" is the winner of this week's video poll! Check it out on the front page of Funny or Die this week!, So much dog. So little gravity., Take a look at how Steve Carell got the role of Brick Tamland., is one of Jay-Z's 99 problems -- via Gary Guillot, Want to write our status update? Make us laugh by 11 a.m. PST, and the winner becomes our status for the rest of the day. 

Be ORIGINAL and "Like" your favorite comments to help us pick a winner. Finish this sentence: Funny Or Die is ..., This cat hiccups and farts at the same time! Life changing stuff, you guys., This is what Lauren sees from her desk every day. It helps her write funny videos/stay in a state of constant panic., Why can't there just be a TV station that's all freeze frames all the time?, You ever think, "How did anyone get through college before the Internet?" That's how kids in 8th grade feel about Angry Birds, sexting & Four Loko., There's a new law enforcement department that's making sure everyone minds their manners., This is the exactly how you don't enter a wedding reception., Kasey Lee is the winner of today's comment contest! Q: "What's the best cure for a cold?" 

A: "A tickle fight with David Hasslehoff."

(WARNING: We're not doctors. Try this at your own risk. May cure/cause other health problems.), Go follow Funny Or Die on twitter. Seriously. If you don't...well...maybe you don't want to know what happens if you don't. Just do it. Or else., So, it's official. Hammacher Schlemmer doesn't really exist., Answer this question before 5pm TODAY. Make us laugh. Win a Funny Or Die koozie! Be sure to "Like" comments you think are funny to help us pick the winner!

"What's the best cure for a cold?", Two advertising geniuses come to help the Chevron executives plot to trick you into thinking they are going green., A public service announcement to keep your excitement to yourself., An idiot was in the news. Updates soon., Spotted this billboard down the street from our Hollywood office. Kinda gross., All this cat wants to do is approve stuff. So who are we stop him?, Apple employees have a lot of balls to work in the mall and wear a shirt that says "genius" at the same time., Ke$ha wasn't always Ke$ha. Before all her fame she was just a precocious kid named Kesha.., The only thing that can calm this baby is the soothing sound of Bob Marley., Vote on your favorite of these 4 videos. We'll announce the winner on Friday and feature it on the Funny or Die homepage!

http://r.FunnyOrDie.com/epoix, Oh, excuse me while I remove the stick from your butt, Lady Liberty., The Ghostbusters are back! And they're kinda jerks., Bobby Millsap is the winner of this week's Comment Contest! Q: "What's the biggest difference between Conan's new show and his old show?"

A: Conan's monologue starts with "Did anybody see this week's episode of Tyler Perry's House of Payne?", You voted, and the results are in. "Taco Bell Secret Sauce" is the winner of this week's video poll! Check it out on the front page of Funny or Die this week!, has spent the last 2 hours doubled over the toilet... and can officially say the McRib is back! -- via Jon Svenson, Want to write our status update? Make us laugh by 2 p.m. PST, and the winner becomes our status for the rest of the day. 

Be ORIGINAL and "Like" your favorite comments to help us pick a winner. Finish this sentence: Funny Or Die is ..., Vote on your favorite of these 4 videos. We'll announce the winner on Friday and feature it on the Funny or Die homepage!



http://r.FunnyOrDie.com/epoix, This might be the best "Family Feud" clip of all time., They crazy., Blowing in Nintendo games, the horrible sound of a dial-up modem. Yeah, things sucked. But that's why they were awesome. And kids today will never know it., Surprised animals + Inception music = watch this right now., This arcade has the coolest prizes ever., Keith Stone teaches you how to handle a breakup., Answer this question before Friday. Make us laugh. Win a Funny Or Die koozie! Be sure to "Like" comments you think are funny to help us pick the winner!

"What's the biggest difference between Conan's new show and his old show?", It's lucky an intern spotted the warning because we were about to fill this plastic bin with babies., Carl Winslow's never looked better., Conan returns. Gloriously., There's a new law enforcement department that's making sure that everyone out there is making sure to mind their manners., Girls who wear words on their ass probably don't have books on their shelves., Vote on your favorite of these 4 videos. We'll announce the winner on Friday and feature it on the Funny or Die homepage!


http://r.FunnyOrDie.com/epoix, Jimmy McMillan (seriously.) and his son Timmy McMillan (Billy Eichner) announce 'The Charlie Sheen is Too Damn High' party., Some great tributes to some guy who'll be on some show tonight., Wrestler Stone Cold Steve Austin deals with the recall of his popular sports energy drink, "Whoop Ass", Jerry Kincaid is the winner of this week's Comment Contest! Q: "If you were running for office, what would your campaign slogan be?"  

A: "I promise to take down my signs when the election is over.", You voted, and the results are in. "Two Dudes in Thongs on a Motorcycle" is the winner of this week's video poll! Check it out on the front page of Funny or Die this week!, is giving a shout out to weed for making working with heavy machinery way more fun. -- via Zebulon E. Zimmerman, Want to write our status update? Make us laugh by noon PST, and the winner becomes our status for the rest of the day. Be ORIGINAL and "Like" your favorite comments to help us pick a winner. Finish this sentence: Funny Or Die is ..., Vote on your favorite of these 4 videos. We'll announce the winner on Friday and feature it on the Funny or Die homepage!

http://r.FunnyOrDie.com/epoix, Some college students started to boo Charlie Murphy last night. He ripped up his check, said "Fuck you" then left. When keeping it real goes right., WARNING: This dreaming puppy might be cuter/sleepier/more adorable than you can possibly imagine., Go check out Funny Or Die on Tumblr. Just do it already. What are you waiting for? 3 pm PST/6 pm EST? Well, then you're already late! Hurry up!

http://FunnyOrDie.tumblr.com, Ollie Williams from Family Guy spotted reporting live from San Francisco!, We shot a video yesterday with James Van Der Beek! The man knows how to act like he's washing a car., No matter who fails, we all win with this compilation., Flying cars can wait. We need cookie technology that CLEARLY DISTINGUISHES oatmeal raisin from chocolate chip immediately., Try to count all the weird mistakes and awkward moments. This is amazing., What a sexy day on set!, Vote on your favorite of these 4 videos. We'll announce the winner on Friday and feature it on the Funny or Die homepage!


http://r.FunnyOrDie.com/epoix, Hide your kids, hide your wife. They rapin' every politician out there., Jackie Chiles, your favorite Seinfeld lawyer, is back on the scene in Los Angeles!, Answer this question before Friday. Make us laugh. Win a Funny Or Die koozie! Be sure to "Like" comments you think are funny to help us pick the winner!

"If you were running for office, what would your campaign slogan be?", World Champion Boxer Manny Pacquiao joins Will Ferrell in singing John Lennon's "Imagine" on Late Night with Jimmy Kimmell., The 2010 elections are coming to a close. So let's look back at the finer moments from the the past few months., This is our green screen studio. You might recognize it from Between Two Ferns and last week's 10 Minutes PSA., Getting a sticker for voting is like getting a lollipop at the dentist. It's not why you're there, but you still take it & like it. GO VOTE!, Adam Scott finds out he doesn't know his therapist as well as he thinks he does., Vote tomorrow, you guys! Seriously., We get it...your kid wore a Halloween costume. He/she is adorable and/or special. Now please stop uploading the pictures, some of us are trying to stalk our exes., Miss World USA tried to set an example this Halloween., "If It Weren't For CNN, I'd Have No Idea What Was Happening On Twitter", Ice Pick is a drug dealer and he wants you to vote no on proposition 19 if you live in California. It's good for his mom-n-pop drug dealing business!, Happy Halloween!, Derek Montilla is the winner of this week's Comment Contest! Q: "What's your Halloween costume? Be original! You can't ALL be Antoine Dodson!"

A: "My wife is going as the state of Louisiana. I am going to go in a black plastic bag with a BP on my chest as the oil spill. Every once in a while, I'll randomly punch her in the face and kick her while she is down.", You voted, and the results are in. "The Secret" is the winner of this week's video poll! Check it out on the front page of Funny or Die this week!, Lindsay Lohan, Jerry Seinfeld, Patrick Stewart, Sarah Silverman, Ben Stiller, Andy Samberg, Tracy Morgan and more come together to talk about a good cause., is handing out vials of insulin to obese kids this Halloween. -- via Thomas Feeney, Want to write our status update? Make us laugh by 2 p.m. PST, and the winner becomes our status for the rest of the day. Be ORIGINAL and "Like" your favorite comments to help us pick a winner. Finish this sentence: Funny Or Die is ..., Insert backwards sentence here., A children's show segment on tea parties gets interupted by some puppets who have a political agenda., Whether you need to show off that newly pregnant tummy or you're a fan of designer logo dresses, come in today!, This is your time to shine with a costume that won't suck., Alyssa Milano, Aziz Ansari and friends explain why taking 10 minutes to vote is better than how you usually waste time., And here you were thinking no costume was good enough for your cat., There's nothing better than using Halloween as an excuse to dress up like a total skank!, San Francisco Giants reliever Brian Wilson recently sat down with Jim Rome and it turns out to be one of the best interviews in a while., Chevron just launched a multi-million dollar ad campaign, here's the subtext., This dog is better at parkour than you'll ever be at anything., I'm not seeing the Copyright Infringement Lawyer costume., Answer this question before FOD Friday. Make us laugh. Win a Funny Or Die koozie! Be sure to "Like" comments you think are funny to help us pick the winner!

"What's your Halloween costume? Be original! You can't ALL be Antoine Dodson!", Clarissa didn't come anywhere close to explaining it all. Here are 6 things about 'Clarissa Explains It All' that don't make any sense., Coming this fall to NBA TV, a very tall cop and a very small cop team up to bring you the best buddy cop show of all time. Chris Bosh stars as Chris Justice in "Tall Justice.", Vote on your favorite of these 4 videos. We'll announce the winner on Friday and feature it on the Funny or Die homepage!

http://r.FunnyOrDie.com/epoix, Jonathan Silverman would be proud., There's no such thing as a free lunch in Hollywood. 3 meatball subs will cost you 1 afternoon., Critically acclaimed actor Joe Mantegna will be assuming Miley Cyrus' role once Hannah Montana is over., If the inventors of the Internet knew we'd use it to globally rejoice when the Yankees lose, we would've had wireless broadband in the 80s., Bryan Tallman is the winner of this week's Comment Contest! Q: "What's the best gift to give someone you hate?"

A: "Brett Favre's phone number.", Lobster Dogs are here to stay. Deal with it., is wishing our former Secretary of State would release a rap album under the stage name Condoleezzy. -- via Lance Hanson, What's our status? Write our update for us. Make us laugh by noon PST, and the winner becomes our status for the rest of the day. Please "Like" comments you think are funny and original to help us pick the winner. Just finish this sentence: Funny Or Die is ..., The Situation has a new book out because of course he does. What titles didn't make the cut?, Leaving notes on the fridge at work got out of control quickly. It wouldn't be us if it didn't., Of course she couldn't recall the first amendment of that OTHER constitution., Join dancers Stacey and Jarn as they show their support for SU2C by shakin', groovin' and leaping into the live Stand Up To Cancer telecast., Jennie Pierson has her own music show and her first guest is Weezer. Can you believe it?, Beyonce is pregnant? If she likes her body, she should have put a NuvaRing on it., For more gems visit http://hipsterhitler.com, If you only do one thing today it should be following Funny Or Die on Tumblr. And breathing. Also eating. Don't forget to pay your car insurance! But most importantly FOD on Tumblr., It's hard to look at these pictures without hearing the 90210 theme music in your head., Wondering what Fabio's been up to?  He's been hanging out with comedian Jon Daly...in his mind., Answer this question before FOD Friday. Make us laugh. Win a Funny Or Die koozie! Be sure to "Like" comments you think are funny to help us pick the winner!

"What's the best gift to give someone you hate?", You know, Kanye makes a lot of sense. Sometimes., Your parents were lying., Time for a meeting with Captain Murdock at the police station again. Things are going to get intense., Lifetime TV airs the most touching movies for women, but Cinemax airs the most movies about women touching each other., Will Ferrell and Adam McKay sit down with IMDB to answer a few tough questions., We're shooting a video today with Ke$ha! The alley we're in smells like Hollywood magic. Hollywood magic smells like homeless people and used syringes., Is it possible for someone to win "Most Likely to be Awesome"?, Bobby Bottleservice (Nick Kroll) went to Senegal, Africa to help cure malaria. Seriously. This was shot in Africa and the continent is probably worse off for it., Oakland isn't as terrible as everyone says it is. It's actually a little worse., Matt Paulson is the winner of this week's Comment Contest! Q: "What's the dumbest thing you believed when you were a kid?"

A: "When I read 'C'mon,' I thought it was pronounced "See mon" and was some Jamaican expression. And I couldn't figure out why the Hardy Boys had Jamaican flavor.", You voted, and the results are in. "Ron Jeremy's School of Harmonica" is the winner of this week's video poll! Check it out on the front page of Funny or Die this week!, is sexting with Brett Favre. -- via Lance Hanson, What's our status? Write our update for us. Make us laugh by noon PST, and the winner becomes our status for the rest of the day. Please "Like" comments you think are funny to help us pick the winner. Just finish this sentence: Funny Or Die is ..., Vote on your favorite of these 4 videos. We'll announce the winner on Friday and feature it on the Funny or Die homepage!


http://r.FunnyOrDie.com/epoix, Everyone's favorite ACORN pimp/slimeball, James O'Keefe is getting a new show and it's all about pranking the political world one prank at a time., Kristen Wiig finds that Zach Galifianakis' beard is too sexy for her to handle., Things go from amazing to terrible in about 3 seconds., They're out and safe. Time to bring them up to speed., First, "Shit My Dad Says," and now "Awkward Family Photos." So it's official, right? TV's out of ideas?, It's so nice when your parents leave you notes on the fridge at work., Answer this question before Friday. Make us laugh. Win a Funny Or Die koozie! Be sure to "Like" comments you think are funny to help us pick the winner!


"What's the dumbest thing you believed when you were a kid?", Zach sits down with Bruce Willis to discuss parenting, awards and the glory days of Hollywood., The world's greatest crime-fighter is retiring from the force... but will this party be his last?, Answer this question before FOD Friday. Make us laugh. Win a Funny Or Die koozie! Be sure to "Like" comments you think are funny to help us pick the winner!

"What's the dumbest thing you believed when you were a kid and why did you believe it?", Now listen here, Mr. Matthews..., The official music video Garfunkel & Oates' instant classic "I Don't Understand Job", Vote on your favorite of these 4 videos. We'll announce the winner on Friday and feature it on the Funny or Die homepage!

http://r.FunnyOrDie.com/epoix, So who IS Cigar Guy? Just check his facebook page. Or his JDate profile., Lori Caliendo Rhodes is the winner of last week's Comment Contest! Q: "Cheese is boring. What's the best thing to say right before you take someone's picture?"

A: "Pretend you like each other", People have a lot of things to say about the mosque that's being planned for downtown New York City., This guy doesn't seem so bad., Bobby (Zach Galifianakis) teaches Craig (Keir Gilchrist) how to talk to the ladies., You voted, and the results are in. "Joe Goes To HEMPCON" is the winner of this week's video poll! Check it out on the front page of Funny or Die this week!

http://r.funnyordie.com/ggndu, is dressing up like Jack Sparrow and visiting elementary schools -- via Audrey Sherrill, What's our status? Write our update for us. Make us laugh by noon PST, and the winner becomes our status for the rest of the day. Just finish this sentence: Funny Or Die is ..., Vote on your favorite of these 4 videos. We'll announce the winner on Friday and feature it on the Funny or Die homepage!


http://r.FunnyOrDie.com/epoix, This movie's more fake!  And more boring!, Like Sad Keanu and Strutting Leo before him, Smiling Cigar Guy is everywhere. As he should be., A new organization tells you exactly why they don't want gays serving in the military., Andy clips his toenails in the lounge with disastrous consequences., Roy Halladay just threw a no-hitter! This is a great day for people in Philadelphia except for the fact that they live in Philadelphia., Jamie & Adam from MythBusters stopped by yesterday! What do you think they're talking about here?, Wait...you're not following Funny Or Die on Tumblr?!??! WHAT ARE YOU DOING WITH YOUR LIFE? Seriously. Get it together, man. Follow FOD on Tumblr today before it's too late., Many books serve a purpose - they exist to guide you through life's difficult tasks. These are not those books., "Sir, you'll have to pull your horse to the side of the road.", Answer this question before FOD Facebook Fan Friday. Make us laugh. Win a Funny Or Die koozie! Be sure to "Like" comments you think are funny to help us pick the winner!


"Cheese is boring. What's the best thing to say right before you take someone's picture?", We got a new visitor at the office. He smells like bananas and we think his name is Harry., Gabrielle Union shows a little more skin than usual in this photoshoot., Vote on your favorite of these 4 videos. We'll announce the winner on Friday and feature it on the Funny or Die homepage!


http://r.FunnyOrDie.com/epoix, Tony Romo and a scientist team up in order to test out Starter's new gear to see if it works., Finally, a candidate you can trust., Let's look back at the Zuck's best lines (that he never ever said)., Mark McKibben is the winner of this week's Comment Contest! Q: "It's almost October! What's going to be the best Halloween costume this year?"

A: "plans on dressing up as Kanye West for Halloween and just before the kids yell "Trick or Treat", jump out of the bushes and yell "Christmas is better", You voted, and the results are in. "You Got Musicians!" is the winner of this week's video poll! Check it out on the front page of Funny or Die this week!, You don't get to 10 million views without making a few enemies., is masturbating to a picture of Christine O'Donnell. -- via Theodore Shipley Troth, What's our status? Write our update for us. Make us laugh by noon PST, and the winner becomes our status for the rest of the day. Just finish this sentence: Funny Or Die is ..., Vote on your favorite of these 4 videos. We'll announce the winner on Friday and feature it on the Funny or Die homepage!

 http://r.FunnyOrDie.com/epoix, Mark Zuckerberg releases his own version of the Facebook story -- written, directed and starring himself. You can't make millions of friends, without making Facebook all by yourself., "I'll take 'Dropping The F-Bomb on National TV' for 800, Alex.", The guy was a legend. He'll be missed., A new organization tells you exactly why they don't want gays serving in the military., The news has already been reported. Putting text on the screen should be the easy part., Tourists in Hollywood are challenged to do their best Kenny Powers impression., Mike Tyson & Wayne Brady signed the giant T from the "Every Little Step" video. It's glorious., This is how Seth showed up to work yesterday because he is a champion among men and a stylish dresser., A remake of Bobby Brown's classic "Every Little Step" video starring Mike Tyson and Wayne Brady. It must be seen to be believed., No cats or pots were harmed in the filming of this video., Answer this question before FOD Facebook Fan Friday. Make us laugh. Win a Funny Or Die koozie! Be sure to "Like" comments you think are funny to help us pick the winner!

"It's almost October! What's going to be the best Halloween costume this year?", Check out FOD's Fall Movie preview! It's not a waste of your time if you had the time of your life., We have some really talented people making our sets. Doesn't this seem like a nice place to hang out?, Welcome to the final installment of the Dirty Dancing Trilogy! Our heroine is forced to dance for her life in the exciting and sexy world of capoeira., Vote on your favorite of these 4 videos. We'll announce the winner on FOD Facebook Fan Friday and feature it on the Funny or Die homepage!

http://r.FunnyOrDie.com/epoix, Add "Liz Lemon" to the beginning of Kanye's tweets, you get Tracy Jordan from 30 Rock., Former wrestling superstar "Rowdy" Roddy Piper takes on childhood obesity and punches it in the face., One of Eric's squirrel friends follows him to work and attacks his boss (Andy Richter)., You voted, and the results are in. "My Roomate the Sock - The Morning After" is the winner of this week's video poll! Check it out on the front page of Funny or Die this week!, Joseph William Black is the winner of this week's Comment Contest! Q: "Today is Bill Murray's 60th birthday! How do you think he's celebrating?"

A: "Not watching Garfield", is ashamed of what he did for a Klondike bar. -- via Mark McKibben, They may not be getting much physical love, but here are some virgins of the silver screen that will always have a place in our hearts., What's our status? Write our update for us. Make us laugh by 2 p.m. PST, and the winner becomes our status for the rest of the day. Just finish this sentence: Funny Or Die is ..., While it was likely just a marketing ploy for "The Social Network," the Facebook outage affected everyone. So what'd we do?, We promised not to ask this intern questions about his sticker if he agreed not to mention the handgun., Check out this preview of "Outsourced" and be sure to watch it TONIGHT at 9:30/8:30c on NBC, Kenny Power is back! Check out his 6 greatest moments from season 1 of Eastbound and Down., People are really excited about this owl movie., Vote on your favorite of these 4 videos. We'll announce the winner on FOD Facebook Fan Friday and feature it on the Funny or Die homepage!


http://r.FunnyOrDie.com/epoix, If the folks who greenlit these products have not been fired, they need to be. Immediately., Do you know what time it is? It's time to follow Funny Or Die on Tumblr. It's also lunch time, party time and time to get a new watch.

http://FunnyOrDie.tumblr.com, We shot a video yesterday with Chris Bosh and Hal Rudnick. If you look carefully, you can figure out which one of these guys plays in the NBA., A sneak peak behind the scenes of the new CW show, All That Glitters, from acclaimed writer of "American Psycho", Bret Easton Ellis., Now available on vinyl!, Red Bull sent us this awesome fridge! We're so excited! We're never going to sleep! WE'RE GONNA LIVE FOREVER!!, Answer this question before FOD Facebook Fan Friday. Make us laugh. Win a Funny Or Die koozie! Be sure to "Like" comments you think are funny to help us pick the winner!


"Today is Bill Murray's 60th birthday! How do you think he's celebrating?", Honda unveils its "greenest" car yet., DJ Kitty is the best DJ of all time. Daft Punk could learn a thing or two about showmanship from this cat., Remember 1999? Times were good and we could waste our money on the dumbest stuff imaginable., Carl Winslow makes everything better., Actor Michael Vartan reveals his secret in this exclusive interview., http://www.funnyordie.com/videos/0d6fb41cbd/workin-it-with-eric-no-internet, Michael Pokorny is the winner of this week's Comment Contest! Q: "What's the worst place for a first date?"

A: "Midnight in a dark alley with a spray-painted sign pointed to it reading 'Free Hugs'", You voted, and the results are in. "Keg Security" is the winner of this week's video poll! Check it out on the front page of Funny or Die this week!, It's the third episode in our World's Manliest Rituals series! Find out what’s an easier way to get girls: catching "Boulders of Pain" from the high cliffs of Scotland or doing Axe's "Pit-Pit-Chest" ritual. Warning: not for the faint of heart., just saw an ugly pregnant woman and thought, "Good for you." -- via Mark McKibben, What's our status? Write our update for us. Make us laugh by noon PST, and the winner becomes our status for the rest of the day. Just finish this sentence: Funny Or Die is ..., THE LEAGUE: Season 2 Starts Tonight on FX. Not sure if you will watch? Have some questions? Here's a quick FAQ from one of the stars of the show: Paul Scheer., We shot a video yesterday with Mike Tyson! He posted this picture on his Twitter account. Be prepared for greatness., This is the best skateboard video ending you will ever see., Danny DeVito sits down for an interview on the set of his newest movie: Gandhi II., A routine car wash goes awry., Get excited (and maybe a little scared) for what you're about to see., Adam West introduces you to his new eyehole paintings. Now available for all of your home security needs., The only thing LL Cool J and Snoop Dogg do better than playing Halo Reach is talking trash., Emma Stone from "Easy A" is LIVE on Funny Or Die's twitter account. Head over to http://twitter.com/funnyordie to check out what she has to say & start tweeting questions @funnyordie for Emma!, Emma Stone from "Easy A" is taking over the Funny Or Die twitter account in one hour to answer your questions! Head over to http://twitter.com/funnyordie to check out what she has to say & start tweeting questions @funnyordie for Emma!, We head to Japan for our second Manliest Ritual challenge to see if Axe's "Pit-Pit-Chest" ritual is easier than spending 15 minutes staring at a naked woman only in the eyes., Emma Stone will be taking over our twitter account tomorrow at 11am PST to answer your questions! Get your questions ready and be very excited., Apparently, studios used to think that movie-going audiences were the dumbest people alive., Answer this question before FOD Facebook Fan Friday. Make us laugh. Win a Funny Or Die koozie! Be sure to "Like" comments you think are funny to help us pick the winner!

"What's the worst place for a first date?", Kat Von D talks about her newest type of tattoos. Tramp stamps will never be the same., Vote on your favorite of these 4 videos. We'll announce the winner on FOD Facebook Fan Friday and feature it on the Funny or Die homepage!

http://r.FunnyOrDie.com/epoix, Like the days of Summer, season 7 of Entourage is now behind us. Here are 8 reasons we stuck around to watch the finale., If you thought Lady Gaga's meat dress was weird, you should see her brother Gary., The first of our Manliest Ritual Challenges starts in Uruguay to answer the age old question: What's a better ritual to attract women? Running from a herd of angry ostriches or the Axe pit-pit-chest ritual?, David Ivy is the winner of this week's Comment Contest! Q: "If you could be one person for a day, who would it be and why?"

A: "I'd be my wife's boyfriend so I could get laid.", You voted, and the results are in. "Fun in the Rain with Clubsoda Kenny" is the winner of this week's video poll! Check it out on the front page of Funny or Die this week!, reads Playboy to the blind. -- via Kathleen Nolan, What's our status? Write our update for us. Make us laugh by noon PST, and the winner becomes our for the rest of the day. Just finish the sentence:  Funny Or Die is..., Vote on your favorite of these 4 videos. We'll announce the winner on FOD Facebook Fan Friday and feature it on the Funny or Die homepage!


http://r.FunnyOrDie.com/epoix, Pastor Terry Jones canceled his Quran burning. He then assured his followers he'll still be a "total dumbass" and a "real piece of crap.", This is what a typical birthday party at Funny Or Die looks like., You know all those crazy things Mike Tyson says? It turns out they're kind of adorable when you pretend a dog said them., Walking past this picture of Ralph Macchio is the new highlight of the work day., Watermelon: 1, Woman's Face: 0., Vote on your favorite of these 4 videos. We'll announce the winner on FOD Facebook Fan Friday and feature it on the Funny or Die homepage!

http://r.FunnyOrDie.com/epoix, That's it, we're moving to Europe., There are so many things you could do today, but the only thing that will 100% permanently change your life for the better is following Funny Or Die on Tumblr.

http://FunnyOrDie.tumblr.com, WARNING: Objects in this commercial may be sexier than they appear., What's the point of being really good at parkour if you're not going to fight crime?, All this guy wants is a cold glass of Malk., After coming across a picture of a cartoonishly happy Leonoard DiCaprio on the set of "Inception," the internet has gone to town. Here are the best of the bunch., Answer this question before FOD Facebook Fan Friday. Make us laugh. Win a Funny Or Die koozie! Be sure to "Like" comments you think are funny to help us pick the winner!

"If you could be one person for a day, who would it be and why?", Our new accountant showed up wearing this t-shirt. He's a keeper., Either your wife knows or she doesn't know. Those are your only options., You voted, and the results are in. "Eliza Skinner Loves Tyler Perry" is the winner of this week's video poll! Check it out on the front page of Funny or Die this week!, Amy Humphreys is the winner of this week's Comment Contest! Q: "How are you going to spend Labor Day weekend?"

A: "The moron I hired to roof my garage did a lousy job and failed the inspection. He will be back on Saturday to fix it. I intend to sit in a lawn chair and sip my coffee while yelling out tips from a book on roofing I got from the library. He may learn something.", has Mike Seaver's best friend in its pants. -- via Keith Cooper, What's our status? Write our update for us. Make us laugh by noon PST, and the winner becomes our status for the rest of the day. Just finish this sentence: Funny Or Die is ..., We put this in the conference room. When interns ask about it we say "What octopus?" and then give them a drug test., Vote on your favorite of these 4 videos. We'll announce the winner on FOD Facebook Fan Friday and feature it on the Funny or Die homepage!

http://r.FunnyOrDie.com/epoix, An epic opera based on James Cameron's Terminator 2., Do blind people have to pick up their seeing-eye dog's shit? Seems kind of unfair and ridiculous either way., We're shooting a video today with Camilla Belle! Can you guess what it's about?, Zach Galifianakis sends his twin brother Seth to interview Sean Penn between two ferns., Sure, Benny The Jet looked good in "The Sandlot." But would you actually want this cocky bastard on your team? Didn't think so., Zach Galifianakis' twin brother Seth interviews Sean Penn between two ferns., Will someone please explain Iraq in terms Americans can understand? If this was a reality show, did we win? Were we voted off? Was last night the finale?, Glenn Beck's got a new website called "The Blaze." Finally, he gets the chance to speak his mind., We shot a video last week with Rowdy Roddy Piper! Hopefully this kids knows what an honor it is to get hit with that folding chair., Answer this question before FOD Facebook Fan Friday. Make us laugh. Win a Funny Or Die koozie! Be sure to "Like" comments you think are funny to help us pick the winner!

"How are you going to spend Labor Day weekend?", In the exclusive premiere of "Betwixt The Music", Jewel tells the story of the band she formed with Sarah Palin and what led to their eventual break up., Vote on your favorite of these 4 videos. We'll announce the winner on FOD Facebook Fan Friday and feature it on the Funny or Die homepage!



http://r.FunnyOrDie.com/epoix, In the exclusive premiere of "Betwixt The Music", Jewel tells the story of the band she formed with Sarah Palin and what led to their eventual break up., Last night, the Emmy Awards honored the best in TV in 2010. We're here to honor the best of the Emmy Awards. Sort of., The most impressive bowling trick shots you'll see all day., Danny Murphy is this week's Comment Contest winner! Q: "The world is going to end in 2 hours. How do you spend your final time alive?"

A: "Throwing skittles at old people and yelling 'TASTE THE RAINBOW!!' at the top of my voice.", You voted, and the results are in. "Best Failed Prank Ever" is the winner of this week's video poll! Check it out on the front page of Funny Or Die this week!, is climbin in yo window and snatchin up yo peoples -- via Justin Ozinga, What's our status? Write our update for us. Make us laugh by noon PST, and the winner becomes our status for the rest of the day. Just finish this sentence: Funny Or Die is ..., Vote on your favorite of these 4 videos. We'll announce the winner on FOD Facebook Fan Friday and feature it on the Funny or Die homepage!


http://r.FunnyOrDie.com/epoix, Want more? Visit http://www.funnyordie.com/captions, Elisabeth Shue presents Ving Rhames with his Oscar and he proceeds to go nuts at the 2011 Oscars., The absolute worst-case scenario of what could happen when a prospective employer checks your Facebook profile., The cast of "You Again" (Kristen Bell, Betty White, Sigourney Weaver, Odette Yustman) sit down for an interview and it turns ugly, quickly., We found a stuffed wolf in the conference room. Can you name the FOD classic this moon chaser starred in?, The Quiznos cat wrangler shares his harrowing tale from the set., He's been in some of the funniest movies of all time. He's a living legend. He seems like he'd be a cool dude to hang out with. But you already knew that..., Paul F. Tompkins, Julie Klausner, John Hodgman, Ted Leo, Tom Scharpling and so many more bring you a video that is so amazing, it will probably change your life., Showers are so relaxing because it's impossible to bring the Internet in there with you., Quite possibly the best True Blood parody to date/the only vampire parody that doesn't suck., We got 1,000 invites to the new Digg! Want one? Just click here & be sure to follow Funny Or Die: http://bit.ly/cxUBNT, Yoga is for everyone; not just white people.  Yoga is for black people too., Answer this question before FOD Facebook Fan Friday. Make us laugh. Win a Funny Or Die koozie! Be sure to "Like" comments you think are funny to help us pick the winner!


"The world is going to end in 2 hours. How do you spend your final time alive?", What could possibly ruin being in bed with Jamie-Lynn Sigler? The Catblock., Vote on your favorite of these 4 videos. We'll announce the winner on FOD Facebook Fan Friday and feature it on the Funny or Die homepage!

http://r.FunnyOrDie.com/epoix, Do you like Funny Or Die? Do you enjoy Tumblr? Then check out Funny Or Die on Tumblr! This shouldn't be a difficult decision. Just do it already. Seriously. Ugh. What are you waiting for? 

http://FunnyOrDie.tumblr.com, Pee-wee Herman embarks on a new big adventure at 70th Annual Sturgis Motorcycle Rally in South Dakota., Never before seen My Buddy and Kid Sister commercial somehow manages to make those dolls creepier., You voted, and the results are in. "Hands Commercial" is the winner of this week's video poll! Check it out on the front page of Funny Or Die this week!, Christopher Milner is this week's Comment Contest winner! Q: "What are three items you never want to be seen buying at the same time?"

A: "You've Got Mail on VHS, a 12 pack of rice cakes, a 15-inch dildo", Check out the trailer for "The Switch" or risk living a life filled with regret., is hoping former basketball legend Smush Parker realizes how far ahead of its time his first name really was. -- via Randy Scott, What's our status? Write our update for us. Make us laugh by noon PST, and the winner becomes our status for the rest of the day. Just finish this sentence: Funny Or Die is ..., 1.5 million people follow Funny Or Die on Twitter. Don't you want to join in on all the fun? Do it! It feels good, man.

http://twitter.com/FunnyOrDie, As polls will show, Americans are dumb. The sooner we accept this, the better., Found this in the office. Apparently Snoop Dogg works here and he's going to quit., Hey, Roger Clemens- What's the difference between injected and indicted? You don't win 2 World Series when you get your ass indicted., This dog isn't going to wake up any time soon because he's sleeping from being too cute., Think you're funny? Then make a video. It might get you a trip to Vegas., FOD proudly delivers its first short film: The Big Dog! It's a piping-hot creation of epic proportions., Hey Everybody! Tune in to BIG LAKE on Comedy Central TONIGHT @ 10pm! It's really funny & has the Will Ferrell/Adam McKay seal of approval., Piranha 3D isn't just going to win an Oscar...it's going to win ALL the Oscars., Answer this question before FOD Facebook Fan Friday. Make us laugh. Win a Funny Or Die koozie! Be sure to "Like" comments you think are funny to help us pick the winner!

"What are three items you never want to be seen buying at the same time?", Tom Brokaw and Aaron Neville (Chris Parnell and Horatio Sanz of Comedy Central's Big Lake) discuss the Gulf oil spill and clean fuel alternatives. , Vote on your favorite of these 4 videos. We'll announce the winner on FOD Facebook Fan Friday and feature it on the Funny or Die homepage!

http://r.FunnyOrDie.com/epoix, You've just been dumped.  Don't worry, here are some little bundles of joy that won't jam your self esteem in the garbage disposal if you don't feel like waking up in time to beat the rush at the farmer's market., Give a round of likes to Derek Burden, last week's comment contest winner!

"In honor of the Jet Blue flight attendant, what's the best way to quit a job?", Byron Phillips (Zachary Levi) has lost his soul. Witness Part 1 of his journey to find it., is crackin' a cold one and deploying the slide. -- via MrsLauren Martin McCully, What's our status? Write our update for us. Make us laugh by noon PST, and the winner becomes our status for the rest of the day. Just finish this sentence: Funny Or Die is ..., Love Funny Or Die but hate Twitter?  Text "Follow @funnyordie" to 40404 and get our tweets sent to your phone via SMS. Neat!, "An AssCastle is any large, well equipped, fully loaded home owned by a man, that he resides in without a wife or children,that he maintains for the sole purpose of pulling down ass.", Thanks, Judge Walker for lifting the stay on Prop 8 & letting gay people in California get married immediately! We all deserve to be equally miserable., The cast of Scott Pilgrim vs. The World sits down with our recently dumped correspondent., We're shooting a video today with Adam West in a room that looks like it belongs to Kanye West., Sam Trammell from "True Blood" will be taking over our twitter acct in 30 min! Tweet questions @ funnyordie and he'll answer them!

http://twitter.com/funnyordie, Sam Trammell wants to train you to deliver pizzas...can you handle it?, Think you're funny? Then make a video. It might get you a trip to Vegas., Answer this question before FOD Facebook Fan Friday. Make us laugh. Win a Funny Or Die koozie! Be sure to "Like" comments you think are funny to help us pick the winner!


"In honor of the Jet Blue flight attendant, what's the best way to quit a job?", Jet Blue should spin this whole flight attendant story into an annual contest where one lucky passenger gets to curse over the PA & exit on the yellow slide., See how Will Ferrell and Adam McKay discovered Chris Gethard for their new Comedy Central show Big Lake., The Boss (Andy Richter) introduces the Mime, the new employee on the block. His office-mate Eric is having trouble handling the change., It's the 6th episode of season 7. Here are 8 reasons we're STILL watching Entourage., In 30 min John Douche (Dylan McDermott) will take over the Funny Or Die twitter! Tweet questions @ funnyordie & he'll answer you!

http://twitter.com/funnyordie, Let John Douche (Dylan McDermott) be your rhythm vacation when you enter the Douche School of Dance., You voted, and the results are in. "My Acting Reel" is the winner of this week's video poll! Check it out on the front page of Funny Or Die this week!, Give a round of likes to this week's comment contest winner!


"What's the worst gift you've ever received?"

WINNER: "Herpes" -Aynsley Myers, is proud of Eva Mendez for punking an entire nation. --via Jason Wilde, What's our status? Write our update for us. Make us laugh by 1:00pm PST, and the winner becomes our status for the rest of the day. Just finish this sentence: Funny Or Die is ..., The world premiere video of the early Academy Awards favorite and new national anthem: "Pimps Don't Cry" from The Other Guys., Trailer for the upcoming film adaptation of the classic educational computer game., Will Ferrell and Adam McKay were on NPR this morning! Listen to the whole interview here, then go see "The Other Guys" on Friday. Feel free to do other stuff between now and then., Ever wonder what an anteater dong looks like?  Ever argue about who’s packing more heat: a turtle or a rabbit?  We haven't either, but here it goes anyway…, Hey LA! Go buy tickets to this screening of "The Other Guys" to benefit Homeless Health Care Los Angeles. You might even bump into real live stars of the movie & director Adam McKay!, Erinn Hayes & Lake Bell from Childrens Hospital answer fan questions while giving each other a breast exam., Want more? Visit http://www.funnyordie.com/captions, In celebration of Prop 8 being overturned...Prop 8 The Musical!, Allen Gamble (Will Ferrell) from "The Other Guys" attempts to recruit able-bodied men and women to join the New York Police Department., Think you're funny? Then make a video. It might get you a trip to Vegas. http://bit.ly/9aPmec, Answer this question before FOD Facebook Fan Friday. Make us laugh. Win a Funny Or Die koozie! Be sure to "Like" comments you think are funny to help us pick the winner!


"What's the worst gift you've ever received?", Ever notice that there was something a little off about Wilson on "Home Improvement" or that Sam from "Clarissa Explains It All" was exceptionally good at climbing in to bedrooms through windows?, The highly anticipated Eva Mendes sex tape is finally here! You won't believe what kinds of positions she gets into in this exclusive footage!, Vote on your favorite of these 4 videos. We'll announce the winner on FOD Facebook Fan Friday and feature it on the Funny or Die homepage!

http://r.FunnyOrDie.com/epoix, Kenny Powers shows up at the K-Swiss headquarters to discuss his contract and pitch ideas for some new commercials., Check out the new look of http://FunnyOrDie.com! What do you think? Does white make us look fat or does it compliment our eyes?, Hilarious 4.5 minute highlight reel from "The Other Guys", You voted, and the results are in. "Dinner Table Game" is the winner of this week's video poll! Check it out on the front page of Funny Or Die this week!, Give a round of Likes to Derek Browning, this week's comment contest winner!

"What's the greatest pickup line of all time?", is an actual rule on North Korea's Comedy Central. -- via Paul Francis Hanley, What's our status? Write our update for us. Make us laugh by noon PST, and the winner becomes our status for the rest of the day. Just finish this sentence: Funny Or Die is ..., Check out this article TIME Magazine wrote about what goes on behind the scenes at Funny Or Die! Online today, on news stands tomorrow!, Check out the trailer for the new movie Will Ferrell and Adam McKay announced at Comic-Con!, Dear Horatio Sanz: Your good friend Aaron Neville left this giant bottle of Cocoa Butter in our bathroom. Please thank him on behalf of our entire staff. It's amazing stuff., Zach Galifianakis sits down for a pleasant conversation with Steve Carell. Things quickly change., Thanks for helping us reach 200,000 fans on Facebook! Post a comment that tells us why you like Funny Or Die. We'll give our favorite one a FOD hoodie, and 5 FOD koozies to runner-ups!, Answer this question before FOD Facebook Fan Friday. Make us laugh. Win a Funny Or Die koozie! Be sure to "Like" comments you think are funny to help us pick the winner!


"What's the greatest pickup line of all time?", Will Ferrell and Adam McKay did an awesome interview/Q&A last night about screenwriting and The Other Guys. Here they are lending a helping hand when their interviewer had mic trouble., We shot a video yesterday w/ Chris Parnell & Horatio Sanz today! Watch them on Big Lake on Comedy Central Aug 17th @ 10pm, There's only so many times a person can say Smashmouth is their favorite band before you disregard their opinion forever. That number is 1., Joshua Jackson hit San Diego this weekend for Pacey-Con 2010, the annual event for all things Pacey Witter., Vote on your favorite of these 4 videos. We'll announce the winner on FOD Facebook Fan Friday and feature it on the Funny or Die homepage!

http://r.FunnyOrDie.com/epoix, A driver and his passenger will pay any price to avoid paying a speeding ticket., is what Willis was talking about!?! (via Robby Wolfman), What's our status? Write our update for us. Make us laugh by noon PST, and the winner becomes our status for the rest of the day. Just finish this sentence: Funny Or Die is ..., Give a round of Likes to Danny Limor, this week's comment contest winner!

"What's the best costume to wear to Comic-Con?", Even sweet old ladies can't fool the Car Fox., People who tweet while driving deserve to crash. In an unfortunately ironic twist, that would actually give them something interesting to tweet about., Dear editors: This office is no place for children. It should be no place for creepy, fake children, either., The Massholes over at Sterling Cooper are back again to pitch a new product., Baby stands in a watermelon while eating it. This is the most adorable thing you'll see all day., When reception asks if you need anything, don’t say “42 cans of malt liquor” unless you mean it. They take their jobs very seriously., Will Ferrell will be on Lopez Tonight Mon 7/26! In LA? See our boss live! Go to http://lopeztonight.com/audience & use promo code "fod", John Caparulo talks about pools. More specifically, the things he hates about pools., JB Smoove to Ralph Macchio
in a coffee shop: "Look at them skinny chicken legs Karate Kid....Let me
see them balls!", Answer this question before FOD Facebook Fan Friday. Make us laugh. Win a Funny Or Die koozie! Be sure to "Like" comments you think are funny to help us pick the winner!

"What's the best costume to wear to Comic-Con?", This documentary takes a closer look at the seedy world of brostitution and brostitutes. It digs deeper than any other film has when it comes to the secret world of bro-on-bro non-sexual love for profit., Vote on your favorite of these 4 videos. We'll announce the winner on FOD Facebook Fan Friday and feature it on the Funny or Die homepage!

http://r.FunnyOrDie.com/epoix, Lebron James goes nuts on some fans in Cleveland!, Give a round of "Likes" to Kate Stafford, this week's Comment Contest winner!


"What are five words you never want to hear after sex?", DJ Lubel pledges his love -- and his hand -- for Tiffany Dupont., You voted, and the results are in. "Kevin Black For United States Senate" is the winner of this week's video poll! Check it out on the front page of Funny Or Die this week!, is amazing, like a full double rainbow across the sky. -- via Jeremy Hamlett, What's our status? Write our update for us. Make us laugh by noon PST, and the winner becomes our status for the rest of the day. Just finish this sentence: Funny Or Die is ..., Chuck Liddell tells the untold story of the story that was never told., Steve Carell gets interviewed by craft services coordinator Fabrice Fabrice., Kate Bosworth and Zoe Saldana walk into a bar ..., Michael Showalter takes you behind the scenes at the making of the Intel commercial., Answer this question before FOD Facebook Fan Friday. Make us laugh. Win a Funny Or Die koozie! Be sure to "Like" comments you think are funny to help us pick the winner!

"What are five words you never want to hear after sex?", We just all sang Will Ferrell a happy birthday! He asked for a modest cake so we got him this, Emma Stone shows how easy it is to murder people with her favorite iPhone apps., Mr. Ferrell brought this to the set for the crew to eat. He said he made it himself. (secret ingredient = love), We're shooting a vid today w/ Will Ferrell! Eric really enjoys directing his boss., Jewel, disguised as a businesswoman, drops by a local karaoke bar to perform some of her classic songs for a dumbfounded audience., Vote on your favorite of these 4 videos. We'll announce the winner on FOD Facebook Fan Friday and feature it on the Funny or Die homepage!



http://r.FunnyOrDie.com/epoix, Want more? Visit http://www.funnyordie.com/captions, John Caparulo talks about the game of basketball and what it's like being the shortest guy on the court., You thought Mel's call to Oksana was bad? Wait to you hear what he says to Colin Farrell., Give a round of "Likes" to Anthony Mefford, this week's Comment Contest winner!

"What will Mel Gibson's next movie be titled?", hasn't decided its status yet. Tune in to ESPN at 9 p.m. to find out. -- via Sean McGowan, What's our status? Write our update for us. Make us laugh by noon PST, and the winner becomes our status for the rest of the day. Just finish this sentence: Funny Or Die is ..., Did you know 1.48 million people follow Funny Or Die on Twitter? You should consider joining the herd if you want to still consider yourself hip. 

http://twitter.com/funnyordie, Do you like The Hills? Do you love The City? Then you're going to be obsessed with The SkinNY!, There should be a line of makeup for velociraptors called CleverGirl., A viral pandemic turned 20% of the population into puppets. Now those who were exposed face their biggest challenge yet....High School., A compelling argument for LeBron James to leave Cleveland., Mr. Celebrity sits down with superstar Elizabeth Banks for some movie trivia., "It's where you get your drugs from.", Getting rid of leftover fireworks and burgers is easy. The hard part is convincing neighbors that raining meat doesn't signal the apocalypse., Answer this question before FOD Facebook Fan Friday. Make us laugh. Win a Funny Or Die koozie! Be sure to "Like" comments you think are funny to help us pick the winner!

"What will Mel Gibson's next movie be titled?", Thomas Lennon & Ben Garant review 'Reno 911: The XXX Parody' (NSFW), Give a round of "Likes" to Sarah E Tackett, this week's Comment Contest winner!


"How did you celebrate the 4th of July?", You voted, and the results are in. "Sniff" is the winner of this week's video poll! Check it out on the front page of Funny or Die this week!, is waiting in line for Chumbawamba tickets. -- Kiersten Pavlovsky, What's our status? Write our update for us. Make
 us laugh by noon PST, and the winner becomes our status for the rest of
 the day. Just finish this sentence: Funny Or Die is ..., Zooey Deschanel wants you to have a Summah!, This is Oliver, our makeup lady's dog. He's visiting today. WARNING: May make you say "awwww...", Answer this question before FOD Facebook Fan Friday. Make us laugh. Win a Funny Or Die koozie!


"How are you going to celebrate the 4th of July?", James Franco & Bill Hader send out a special birthday message to Sam Raimi., Vote on your favorite of these 4 videos. We'll announce the winner on FOD Facebook Fan Friday and feature it on the Funny or Die homepage!


http://r.FunnyOrDie.com/epoix, Check out the trailer for The Other Guys! Will Ferrell & Mark Wahlberg put the "cop" in "copious amount of laughter". In theaters August 6th!, Pat O'Brien's new manager Brian is determined to prove that he's got what it takes during their big meeting with HBO., You voted, and the results are in. "Microwave Porn: Episode 5" is the winner of this week's video poll! Check it out on the front page of Funny or Die this week!, Give a round of "Likes" to Tobias Lee Rottman, this week's Comment Contest winner!


"What's the best part about the World Cup?", Chad Vader tries to follow in his older brother Darth's footsteps by building his own Death Star., is looking for a bottle of canola oil and a monkey who is trained to run a video camera... --Jolene Kidwell, What's our status? Write our update for us. Make us laugh by noon PST, and the winner becomes our status for the rest of the day. Just finish this sentence: Funny Or Die is ..., People have been getting iced around the office. Nothing like being half drunk w/ a stomach ache before lunch., We shot a video yesterday w/ Sam Trammell from True Blood! Can you guess what it's about?, The star of Man vs. Food finds out what happens when food fights back., Vote on your favorite of these 4 videos. We'll announce the winner on FOD Facebook Fan Friday and feature it on the Funny or Die homepage!

http://r.funnyordie.com/epoix, U.S. wins! High-fives all around!, We're shooting a video today w/ Zooey Deschanel! Can you guess what it's about?, This song might be the only thing that can cheer up Keanu Reeves., Answer this question before FOD Facebook Fan Friday. Make us laugh. Win a Funny Or Die koozie!


"What's the best part about the World Cup?", Vote on your favorite of these 4 videos. We'll announce the winner on FOD Facebook Fan Friday and feature it on the Funny or Die homepage!

http://r.FunnyOrDie.com/epoix, Eric McCormack speaks to a class of high school students about the ins and outs and ins and outs of index sex. Finger babies can be the result of a dangerously dirty digit., Give a round of "Likes" to Jason Dowley, last week's Comment Contest winner!

"What's the perfect gift for Father's Day?", Bid on a chance to star in a Funny Or Die video! It's for a good cause, so if you don't do it that makes you a bad person., You voted, and the results are in. "Your Sister Has Herpes...She Gave 'Em To Me" is the winner of this week's video poll! Check it out on the front page of Funny or Die this weekend!, is now with 20 percent more vuvuzela. -- Shawn Porter, What's our status? Write our update for us. Make us laugh by noon PST, and the winner becomes our status for the rest of the day. Just finish this sentence: Funny Or Die is ..., Vote on your favorite of these 4 videos. We'll announce the winner on FOD Facebook Fan Friday and feature it on the Funny or Die homepage!

http://r.funnyordie.com/epoix, 1.4 million people follow Funny Or Die on Twitter! Don't you want to join that awesome party?, Working in Hollywood is fun! Yesterday Darryl spotted Terry Richardson and Eric bumped into Shrek!, We sent our Amish correspondent Jebediah Jacobs to e3 on a quest to find Satan in video games., Shot for shot re-make of Rocky IV montage w/ Mini Cooper vs. Porsche! Click 'Like' and make Porsche accept this battle!, Alison Brie talks dirty to Rich Sommer. Just in time for Hump Day!, Answer this question before FOD Facebook Fan Friday. Make us laugh. Win a Funny Or Die koozie!


"What's the perfect gift for Father's Day?", We sent our Amish correspondent Jedediah to E3 today. He's a little camera shy., Do you like Tapout & Affliction? Then you'll LOVE Piece Of Shit Clothing!, Vote on your favorite of these 4 videos. We'll announce the winner on FOD Facebook Fan Friday and feature it on the Funny or Die homepage!

http://r.funnyordie.com/epoix, WARNING: You will never hear "Ring Around the Rosey" the same way again..., Give a round of "Likes" to Michael Coughlin, last week's Comment Contest winner!

"If you could add one feature to the new iPhone, what would it be?", You voted, and the results are in. "Katina the Pole Dance Instructor" is the winner of this week's video poll! Check it out on the front page of Funny or Die today!, is the hot dog in your hallway. -- William Syzmanski, What's our status? Write our update for us. Make us laugh by noon PST, and the winner becomes our status for the rest of the day., When you smoke at a house party, stay away from the Jammerz room!, Vote on your favorite of these 4 videos. We'll announce the winner on FOD Facebook Fan Friday and feature it on the Funny or Die homepage!

http://r.funnyordie.com/epoix, In his new movie, Ralph Macchio faces his toughest challenge yet: becoming a Hollywood bad boy., Answer this question before FOD Facebook Fan Friday. Make us laugh. Win a Funny Or Die koozie!

"If you could add one feature to the new iPhone, what would it be?", Fabrice Fabrice hits the the Red Carpet of the MTV Movie Awards to talk to all of the stars about being stars in the land of a million stars., 100,000 people Like Funny Or Die on Facebook! Post a comment telling us how to celebrate. We'll pick our favorite one (must be legal, reasonable and cheap ... just like us) and post a picture of us doing it today!, Vote on your favorite of these 4 videos. We'll announce the winner on FOD Facebook Fan Friday and feature it on the Funny or Die homepage!

http://r.funnyordie.com/epoix, Pauly Shore has a heartwarming conversation with Anderson Cooper., Give a round of "Likes" to Erin Whitehead, last week's Comment Contest winner!

"Why did Al and Tipper Gore get divorced?", You voted, and the results are in. "Racial Profiling in Arizona" is the winner of this week's video poll! Check it out on the front page of Funny or Die in the next week, has got a shit-covered squirrel running around the office and doesn't know what to name it. -- Justin Andrew, What's our status? Write our update for us. Make us laugh by noon PST, and the winner becomes our status for the rest of the day., Vote on your favorite of these 4 videos. We'll announce the winner on FOD Facebook Fan Friday and feature it on the Funny or Die homepage!


http://r.funnyordie.com/epoix, Check out the first 5 minutes of Get Him To The Greek! Then go see the other 104 minutes on Friday., Kristen Bell and Ed O'Neill star in this classic adult film from the 1930s. Written and directed by David Mamet., A sprinter running one million miles per hour ran into a woman who wasn't watching her step., Jake brought our newest employee Chris to lunch., Answer this question before FOD Facebook Fan Friday. Make us laugh. Win a Funny Or Die koozie!

"Why did Al and Tipper Gore get divorced?", Vote on your favorite of these 4 videos. We'll announce the winner on FOD Facebook Fan Friday and feature it on the Funny or Die homepage!

http://r.funnyordie.com/epoix, Andie MacDowell hits the comedy circuit to debut her brand new stand up act. Here's Andie MacDowell like you've never seen her before., Give a round of "Likes" to Ruthie King, last week's Comment Contest winner!

"What's the best way to clean up the oil spill?", You voted, and the results are in. "Sex and the City 2 Many Mirandas" is the winner of this week's video poll! Check it out on the front page of Funny or Die in the next week, Sean Combs mind f*cks the shit out of Jonah Hill., wonders if gay lumberjacks have a don't axe, don't tell policy. -- via John Jansen, What's our status? Write our update for us. Make us laugh by noon PST, and the winner becomes our status for the rest of the day., The worst wedding DJ ever is back and he is behaving worse than ever. Still playing the air drums on Phil Collins 'In the Air Tonight', it just feels like he's doing it on purpose now., Vote on your favorite of these 4 videos. We'll announce the winner on FOD Facebook Fan Friday and feature it on the Funny or Die homepage!

http://r.funnyordie.com/epoix, This bear knows Kung Fu and has bo staff skills, your argument is invalid., Thomas Jefferson is an ageless being who has existed forever...but he doesn't want to talk about that. He just wants to focus on his music. Check out DERRICK Comedy's feature film MYSTERY TEAM- available on DVD, Digital Download, On Demand and Video Game Consoles today!, Answer this question before FOD Facebook Fan Friday. Make us laugh. Win a Funny Or Die koozie!


"What's the best way to clean up the oil spill?", Vote on your favorite of these 4 videos. We'll announce the winner on FOD Facebook Fan Friday and feature it on the Funny or Die homepage!

http://r.funnyordie.com/epoix, Nick's contract demands become a source of conflict with the other comedians at the UC Santa Barbara show., After his "Mama Mia" audition leaked, you knew there were more auditions to be uncovered., Give a round of "Likes" to Josh Lenker, this week's Comment Contest winner!


"Where will LeBron James go next year?", You voted, and the results are in. "I Hate Muffins" is the winner of this week's video poll! Check it out on the front page of Funny or Die in the next week, We sent the wrong guy to the MacGruber press junket...

Also be sure to check out MacGruber on Facebook if you want to be one of the cool kids: http://bit.ly/ctxTMl, is wearing lederhosen made of deli meats. -- via Christa Schenkel, What's our status? Write our update for us. Make us 
laugh by noon PST, and the winner becomes our status for the rest of the
 day., 1.4 million people follow Funny Or Die on twitter! Don't you want to join the party? http://bit.ly/ai7saP, Dale Peterson's political ad with a few extras that were cut the first time!, Jake couldn't come to work on Tuesday. He was feeling a little horse., Vote on your favorite of these 4 videos. We'll announce the winner on FOD Facebook Fan Friday and feature it on the Funny or Die homepage!



http://r.funnyordie.com/epoix, Sarah Silverman sits down with LOST executive producers Carlton Cuse & Damon Lindelof to discuss what mysteries will be revealed on LOST on the finale., Here's a behind-the-scenes look at the script to our Sense of Smell video!, Iraq veteran Tyler (Bryan Cranston) has lived the nightmares of war, but this dinner party pushed him to his breaking point., Answer this question before FOD Facebook Fan Friday. Make us laugh. Win a Funny Or Die koozie!


"Where will LeBron James go next year?", Hal Rudnick hits the set of the Golden Girls XXX porn parody to talk to the stars about their favorite Golden Girls and Golden Showers. The porn stars even sing a little song for all of the fans., Vote on your favorite of these 4 videos. We'll announce the winner on FOD Facebook Fan Friday and feature it on the Funny or Die homepage!


http://r.funnyordie.com/epoix, Give a round of "Likes" to Justin Cronk, this week's Comment Contest winner!

"What will Betty White do next now that she hosted SNL?", You voted, and the results are in. "The History of Turtleneck Fighting" is the winner of this week's video poll! Check it out on the front page of Funny or Die in the next week, is now lubricated for your pleasure -- via Adam King, What's our status? Write our update for us. Make us laugh by noon PST, and the winner becomes our status for the rest of the day., We shot a video yesterday w/ Sarah Silverman & Scott Aukerman. Can you guess what it's about?, Watch as Jen Kirkman has two bottles of wine and tells us the story of how the friendship of Abraham Lincoln (Will Ferrell) and Fredrick Douglass (Don Cheadle) overcame the slavery movement and the racism that existed in their day., Vote on your favorite of these 4 videos. We'll announce the winner on FoD Facebook Fan Friday and feature it on the Funny or Die homepage!

http://r.funnyordie.com/epoix, Garfunkel and Oates sing a song inspired by a scene in the movie "Precious", Answer this question before FoD Facebook Fan Friday. Make us laugh. Win a Funny Or Die koozie!

"What will Betty White do next now that she hosted SNL?", John Leguizamo wants to sell you his big balls. (NSFW), Vote on your favorite of these 4 videos. We'll announce the winner on FoD Facebook Fan Friday and feature it on the Funny or Die homepage!

http://r.funnyordie.com/epoix, This award-winning documentary illuminates the unlikely pioneers that shaped the way we see pools., Give a round of "Likes" to Chris Rudhe, this week's Comment Contest winner!

"What's the quickest way to end a conversation with someone you just met?", You voted, and the results are in. "Welcome to Westlake High" is the winner of this week's video poll! Check it out on the front page of Funny or Die in the next week!, tastes like grandma. -- via Mark Eckersdorff, What's our status? Write our update for us. Make us laugh by noon PST, and the winner becomes our status for the rest of the day., Late one night Duncan Trussell had 6 beers and a bottle of absinthe. Then hetold the amazing story of Nikola Tesla (John C. Reilly); the father of Western Technology, who sailed to America to meet Thomas Edison (Crispin Glover)., We make our interns wear the mustard suit for the first few weeks. It keeps them humble., The amount of problems a girl will cause you is inversely proportional to how tiny her dog is., Vote on your favorite of these 4 videos. We'll announce the winner on FoD Facebook Fan Friday and feature it on the Funny or Die homepage!


http://r.funnyordie.com/epoix, Whitney Cummings and Nick Kroll get stuck in Donald Glover's crappy screenplay, Vote on your favorite of these 4 videos. We'll announce the winner on FoD Facebook Fan Friday and feature it on the Funny or Die homepage!

 http://r.funnyordie.com/epoix, Answer this question before FoD Facebook Fan Friday. Make us laugh. Win a Funny Or Die koozie!


"What's the quickest way to end a conversation with someone you just met?", Dan Patrick, Joe Buck and Rich Eisen tell the tragic tale of legendary sports broadcaster Jim Brockmire. Watch the exclusive true story here., "Some of these hos gotta go.", Give a round of "Likes" to Julio Velez, this week's Comment Contest winner!

"How are you planning to celebrate Cinco De Mayo in Arizona...and NOT get arrested?", You voted, and the results are in. "Cheburashka and the Blunt" is the winner of this week's video poll! Check it out on the front page of Funny or Die in the next week!, will not look you in the eye as it humps your leg. -- via Mark Eckersdorff, What's our status? Write our status update for us. Make us laugh by noon PST, and the winner becomes our update for the rest of the day., Follow our updates tomorrow as we launch our first weekly FOD Fan Friday by treating you to a full day of contests and fame., Kristen Bell, Sarah Silverman, Diddy and Zac Efron want to tell you the life story of Aziz Ansari., Master Shake from Aqua Teen Hunger Force got a new FoD hoodie at the El Rey! Dave Willis, Dana Snyder & Meatwad just got a picture taken., Vote on your favorite of these 4 videos. The winner goes on the Funny or Die homepage!


 http://r.funnyordie.com/epoix, Elizabeth Banks teaches you how to make it with her search story. Create your own at YouTube.com/SearchStories, All of your favorite reporters are here messing up all in one special compilation video., Every Thursday Jon Daly likes to stop by the office and lead a Satanic Worship Ceremony w/ Seth., Answer this question before Friday. Make us laugh. Win a Funny Or Die koozie!

"How are you planning to celebrate Cinco De Mayo in Arizona...and NOT get arrested?", Ask 4 of today's hottest young comedians anything you want! Donald Glover (Community), Whitney Cummings (Chelsea Lately), Nick Kroll (The League) and Chelsea Peretti (Sarah Silverman Program) are going to read your questions and pick their favorite ones to answer. Check back in 2 weeks for their responses! 

Submit all your questions here: http://bit.ly/9QXWPn, Conciatta, Gerrity and Josh. A story of before and after as told through three vignettes starring Zachary Quinto., Vote on your favorite of these 4 videos. The winner goes on the Funny or Die homepage!


http://r.funnyordie.com/epoix, Ask 4 of today's hottest young comedians anything you want! Donald Glover (Community), Whitney Cummings (Chelsea Lately), Nick Kroll (The League) and Chelsea Peretti (Sarah Silverman Program) are going to read your questions and pick their favorite ones to answer. Check back in 2 weeks for their responses!

Submit all your questions here: http://bit.ly/9QXWPn, Tune in to Funny or Die Presents TONIGHT on HBO at Midnight! Will Ferrell joins David Spade and Tim Meadows in "Carpet Brothers", You voted, and the results are in. "Girls Just Want to Be Sexted" is the winner of this week's video poll! Check it out on the front page of Funny or Die in the next week!, Give a round of "Likes" to Dan J. Evanoff, this week's Comment Contest winner!

"What three people (dead or alive) would you invite to your dream 4-20 party, and where would you host it?", Funny or Die's writer/director Eric Appel talks about his career, the new direction of comedy and what it's like to work at FoD., Every year, hundreds of student-athletes put their dreams aside to answer their calls of duty. Welcome to the hell they call the NFL Draft., Vote on your favorite of these 4 videos. The winner goes on the Funny or Die homepage!

 http://r.funnyordie.com/epoix, Will Ferrell returns to Funny or Die Presents this Friday at Midnight on HBO! He joins Tim Meadows and David Spade in "Carpet Brothers", Check out this new show coming to HBO w/ Lizzy Caplan, Adam Scott and Martin Starr! It premieres after True Blood this summer., Vote on your favorite of these 4 videos. The winner goes on the Funny or Die homepage!


http://r.funnyordie.com/epoix, Answer this question before Friday. Make us laugh. Win a Funny Or Die koozie!

"What three people (dead or alive) would you invite to your dream 4-20 party, and where would you host it?", Remember that awesome Google Search Story ad from the Super Bowl? Watch this new one documenting Seth Green's success story., You voted, and the results are in. "Longest Game of Rock Paper Scissors Ever" is the winner of this week's video poll! Check it out on the front page of Funny or Die this weekend!, Asian Conan won't stand for illegal child fighting rings. He beats them down -- with the skill of a samurai and the strength of a ginger., Isn't Kellie Pickler sweet? She doesn't want these beautiful women pillow fighting in bed for nothing., Give a round of "Likes" to Marcus Brown, this week's Comment Contest winner!

"What's going to be the biggest change to Conan O'Brien's show when he moves to TBS?", Answer the question before Friday. Make us laugh. Win a Funny or Die koozie!

"What's going to be the biggest change to Conan O'Brien's show when he moves to TBS?", Shotgun Harley: The greatest 80s TV show of all time., Vote on your favorite of these 4 videos. The winner goes on the Funny or Die homepage!


http://r.funnyordie.com/epoix, You voted and the results are in. "Boys Will Be Girls" is the winner of the poll! Check it out on the front page of Funny or Die this week!, Give a round of 'Likes' to Josh LaPolla, this week's Comment Contest winner!

"What's the best use for your brand new iPad?", Want to meet your favorite TV and movie stars? Mr. Celebrity is here to teach you how., Tiger Woods is playing so well at the Masters you might think he was cheating., Vote on your favorite of these 4 videos. The winner goes on the Funny or Die homepage!


http://r.funnyordie.com/epoix, Our intern Andrew was wearing this glorious Pokemon shirt yesterday., Answer the question before Friday. Make us laugh. Win a Funny or Die koozie!


"What's the best use for your brand new iPad?", We love a laugh, but today's video w/ Megan Fox deals with something that is no joke. Parents, teachers and students listen up! Your school budgets are disappearing! Pass this video on to your friends and call Gov. Schwarzenegger to make a difference!

http://www.funnyordie.com/videos/7d5ec0278e/megan-fox-is-hot-for-teachers, Hot for Teachers w/ Megan Fox and Brian Austin Green

http://www.funnyordie.com/videos/7d5ec0278e/megan-fox-is-hot-for-teachers, Vote on your favorite of these 4 videos. The winner goes on the Funny or Die homepage!
 
http://r.funnyordie.com/epoix, World's greatest dad seen skateboarding his baby around Hollywood., Manny Pacquiao's New #1 Music Video for "Sometimes When I Punch"

http://www.funnyordie.com/videos/c403374464/, The awkward morning after having sex with Pauly Shore.

http://www.funnyordie.com/videos/bfa38c2172/the-morning-after-w-pauly-shore, Give a round of 'Likes' to Joey Wren, this week's Comment Contest winner!

"What could be more shocking than finding out Ricky Martin is gay?", It's official: Justin Bieber bought our site! We are now Bieber or Die!

What do you think of the new look?, Do you go to UCLA or USC? Make sure you follow Funny or Die on twitter! We're going to be giving away some awesome prizes at both campuses tomorrow and we'll be tweeting all about it!, Answer the question before Friday. Make us laugh. Win a Funny or Die koozie!

 
"What could be more shocking than finding out Ricky Martin is gay?", James Franco stretches his acting chops to the limit in this audition.

http://www.funnyordie.com/videos/65474725a6/jimmy-the-cop-w-james-franco, Want more? Visit http://www.funnyordie.com/captions, Jon Daly and Jessica St. Clair try to rekindle their marriage at a Red Roof Inn.

http://www.funnyordie.com/videos/707d84127d/the-red-roof-inn-chronicles, You voted and the results are in. "Live Avatar Chat Roulette" is the winner of this week's poll! Check it out on the front page of Funny or Die today!

http://www.funnyordie.com/videos/48b7a1830f/live-avatar-chat-roulette-lacr, Give a round of 'Likes' to Stephanie Medina, this week's Comment Contest winner! A lot of you had similar answers, but she nailed it within the first minute of the question being posted.

"What will Justin Bieber be doing 5 years from now?", Rob Corddry and Clark Duke treat a lucky fan to a private screening of Hot Tub Time Machine!

http://www.funnyordie.com/videos/c80b1f4bea/hot-tub-time-machine, We shot a video today w/ Eric McCormack & Greg Ellis. Can you guess what it's about?, The winner of the FoD hoodie is T.C. Keith. Thanks for all the bad meeting stories! Well, the stories were good. It's the meetings that were...you get the idea., Watch this funny video we made w/ Hyatt. Post your worst meeting story as a comment here on Facebook. The best one wins a FoD hoodie!, Find out who wrote your favorite sports star rants. Starring Ty Burrell and directed by Chris Gorham.

http://www.funnyordie.com/videos/b28da80b63/gamechangers-ep-1-the-rant-writer, The look on this cat's face will make your day better.

http://www.funnyordie.com/videos/55266dcdf0/omg-cat, Answer the question before Friday. Make us laugh. Win a Funny or Die koozie!

"What will Justin Bieber be doing 5 years from now?", Can you tell which one is the real Weird Al?, "Weird: The Al Yankovic Story" w/ Aaron Paul, Olivia Wilde, Patton Oswalt, Al Yankovic +more!, Watch these 4 videos. Choose your favorite. See it on the Funny or Die homepage on Friday!

http://r.funnyordie.com/gkghy, What you missed if you didn't see episode 5 of Funny or Die Presents...

http://www.funnyordie.com/videos/b23f8f825d, Check out Will Ferrell's facebook page RIGHT NOW for a very special giveaway..., You voted and the results are in. "Darth Vader's Winter Vacation" is the winner of this week's poll! Check it out on the front page of Funny or Die this weekend!


http://www.funnyordie.com/videos/a6df802a18/darth-vader-s-winter-vacation, Will Ferrell performs his best tweet at Night of #140Tweets

http://www.funnyordie.com/videos/6262488dd5/, Give a round of 'Likes' to Stew Pedascho, this week's Comment Contest winner!

"How are you going to celebrate St. Patrick's Day?", Watch these 4 videos. Choose your favorite. See it on the Funny or Die homepage on Friday!


http://r.funnyordie.com/epoix, If you're on Digg be sure to Digg the new Between Two Ferns w/ Zach Galifianakis and Ben Stiller!

http://digg.com/comedy/Between_Two_Ferns_with_Zach_Galifianakis_Ben_Stiller, Between Two Ferns with Zach Galifianakis: Ben Stiller

http://www.funnyordie.com/videos/60072add5a/, Piano Player Improvs Songs About People on Chat Roulette

http://www.funnyordie.com/videos/38f16666a7/, Answer the question before Thursday. Make us laugh. Win a Funny or Die koozie!


"How are you going to celebrate St. Patrick's Day?", Watch these 4 videos. Choose your favorite. See it on the Funny or Die homepage on Friday!

http://r.funnyordie.com/epoix, Bryan Cranston deals with rude party guests farting in his face.

http://www.funnyordie.com/videos/1f13b26c30/sense-of-smell, You voted and the results are in. "What Time Is It?" is the winner of this week's poll! Check it out on the front page of Funny or Die this weekend!


http://www.funnyordie.com/videos/f3d7c6cf78/what-time-is-it, Extended Will Ferrell and Dana Carvey SNL Presidents Reunion Scene

http://www.funnyordie.com/videos/0a14d68cd1/, How high do you have to be to think your glass bong will bounce?

http://www.funnyordie.com/videos/85aabd1e46/, "Denim Shackles" are what you call your pants when they're around your ankles while you're jerking off., Give a round of 'Likes' to Greg Meadows, this week's Comment Contest winner!


"What was James Cameron thinking when Hurt Locker won Best Picture and Best Director?", "Forehead Tittaes" w/ Oscar winner Marion Cotillard

http://www.funnyordie.com/videos/5a52180b80/, Answer the question before Thursday. Make us laugh. Win a Funny or Die koozie!


"What was James Cameron thinking when Hurt Locker won Best Picture and Best Director?", Heidi Montag Says No to Plastic

http://www.funnyordie.com/videos/a1da6ff653/, Watch these 4 videos. Choose your favorite. See it on the Funny or Die homepage on Friday!

http://r.funnyordie.com/xroxx, Raaaaaaaandy Declares War on Justin Bieber!

http://www.funnyordie.com/videos/d47751f7a0/, Watch Funny or Die Presents tonight at Midnight on HBO! Highlights include Rob Huebel, Brooke Shields and Space Baby!, Stan Lee wants his long overdue Oscar in the Cameo Artist category.

http://www.funnyordie.com/videos/47fadf5a15/, You voted and the results are in. "Tiger Woods Video Apology...Apology" is the winner of this week's poll! Check it out on the front page of Funny or Die this weekend!

http://r.funnyordie.com/epejr, Give a round of 'Likes' to Njeri Brown, this week's Comment Contest winner!


"Lil Wayne's sentencing was delayed today because of a courthouse basement fire. Last time it was because of emergency dental surgery. What will it be next time?", Ron Howard directs Jim Carrey at the Presidents Reunion shoot., Behind the scenes of Presidential Reunion: Jim Carrey talks to Fred Armisen & Maya Rudolph between takes., Watch these 4 videos. Choose your favorite. See it on the Funny or Die homepage on Friday!


http://r.funnyordie.com/epoix, Will Ferrell, Jim Carrey, Dana Carvey, Chevy Chase +more play US Presidents in Funny or Die's Presidential Reunion! 

http://bit.ly/93j7ka, Comedy history will be made tomorrow on Funny Or Die.  Prepare to hail to the chiefs..., Happy Birthday Dr. Seuss! The Dr. Seuss Rap - "Wubble Down"

http://bit.ly/do9eab, Answer the question before Thursday. Make us laugh. Win a Funny or Die koozie!

"Lil Wayne's sentencing was delayed today because of a courthouse basement fire. Last time it was because of emergency dental surgery. What will it be next time?", Fred Willard, Tim Roth, William H. Macy, Juliette Lewis, Eddie Izzard and Viola Davis talk about the spirit of Independent Film.

http://bit.ly/dtrpEL, Watch these 4 videos. Choose your favorite. See it on the Funny or Die homepage on Friday!

http://r.funnyordie.com/epoix, Don’t forget tonight at midnight on HBO: Funny Or Die Presents!!  This week's episode includes:  Sleeping with Celebrities, The Slovin and Allen Show, Baboon Heart,  The Adventures of David and Jennie & Playground Politics.  Don’t be left out of the awesomeness…, You voted and the results are in. "The Most Ultimate Facebook Rap Ever" is the winner of this week's poll! Check it out on the front page of Funny or Die this weekend!

http://www.funnyordie.com/videos/aa1b24c5d8/the-most-ultimate-facebook-rap-ever, We shot a video today with Stan Lee. Can you guess what it's about?, http://bit.ly/dzWie5 - Drunk History creator Derek Waters & director Jeremy Konner talk about the process of making an episode., Give a round of 'Likes' to Zac Kennedy, this week's Comment Contest winner!

"A pickle now has more fans on Facebook than Nickelback. If you were a pickle, how would you feel about being compared to Nickelback?", Watch these 4 videos. Choose your favorite. See it on the Funny or Die homepage on Friday!
http://r.funnyordie.com/epoix, Morgan Freeman's New Olympics Commercial! http://bit.ly/d2L2ub, Answer the question before Thursday. Make us laugh. Win a Funny or Die koozie! 


"A pickle now has more fans on Facebook than Nickelback. If you were a pickle, how would you feel about being compared to Nickelback?", We shot a video with Juliette Lewis yesterday. Can you guess what it's about?, Ed Hardy Boyz 2: The Case of When That Hot Filipina Girl Lost Her Tramp Stamp At Mini-Golf - http://www.funnyordie.com/videos/b6cc1b0265/, Is this cool? http://bit.ly/cFXUh6, Watch these 4 videos. Choose your favorite. See it on the Funny or Die homepage on Friday!

http://r.funnyordie.com/epoix, Brett Gelman teaches Topher Grace and Kate Bosworth about sexy subtext. (NSFW) http://bit.ly/9tNYMh, Anyone tune in to HBO last night for Funny or Die Presents? What'd ya think?, http://twitpic.com/148egn - If you were following @funnyordie on twitter, you could be trying to win this poster signed by Will Ferrell right now!, Make sure you follow @funnyordie on twitter! We're giving away prizes all day today to celebrate the premiere of our HBO show...don't miss out! http://twitter.com/funnyordie, You voted and the results are in. "Singles Awareness Day PSA" is the winner of this week's poll! Check it out on the front page of Funny or Die this weekend! http://www.funnyordie.com/videos/e58c1eda64/singles-awareness-day-a-public-service-announcement?_fb_q=1, We shot a video w/ Bryan Cranston yesterday. Can you guess what it's about?, Give a round of 'Likes' to Mac Alward, this week's Comment Contest winner!


"What new sport should be added to the Winter Olympics in 2014?", Watch these 4 videos. Choose your favorite. See it on the Funny or Die homepage on Friday!

http://r.funnyordie.com/epoix, We're making a video today w/ Topher Grace and Kate Bosworth. Can you guess what it's about?, Answer the question before Thursday. Make us laugh. Win a Funny or Die koozie! 

"What new sport should be added to the Winter Olympics in 2014?", Our HBO show premieres this Friday @ Midnight, check out this exclusive preview http://bit.ly/dyd3Tk, The Old Spice ad that's better than all the Super Bowl commercials combined. http://bit.ly/9IEgpH, Want more? Visit http://www.funnyordie.com/captions, You voted and the results are in. "Topless Audition" is the winner of this week's poll! Check them out on the front page of Funny or Die this Saturday! http://www.funnyordie.com/videos/0ca8463706/topless-audition, Give a round of 'Likes' to Harold John Elrod II, this week's Comment Contest winner!

"If you worked at the Valentine's Day candy factory, what would you put on the little hearts?", Watch these 4 videos. Choose your favorite. See it on the Funny or Die homepage on Friday! http://r.funnyordie.com/tpjzg, Will Ferrell is Abraham Lincoln & Don Cheadle is Frederick Douglass in this Drunk History clip from our HBO show! "Funny or Die Presents" premieres Feb. 19th on HBO at Midnight! http://bit.ly/agsm3u, Answer the question before Thursday. Make us laugh. Win a Funny or Die koozie!


"If you worked at the Valentine's Day candy factory, what would you put on the little hearts?", Watch these 4 videos. Choose your favorite. See it on the Funny or Die homepage on Friday! http://r.funnyordie.com/tpjzg, If you liked Twilight, you'll LOVE 'Dark Moon' w/ Eve and Brandon T Jackson: http://bit.ly/aqTOMk, Just 3 Boyz (starring Tim & Eric and Zach Galifianakis) from our new HBO show! Eric and Tim buy Zach a horse massage...then things get weird. http://bit.ly/djl5Fq, You voted and the results are in. "Matlock Apartment" is the winner of this week's poll! Check them out on the front page of Funny or Die this Sunday!, HIGH-FIVE SUPER BOWL! http://bit.ly/aXELuE, Give a round of 'Likes' to Harold Johann Roberts, this week's Comment Contest winner!

"How will Brett Favre spend his Super Bowl Sunday?", Watch these 4 videos. Choose your favorite. See it on the Funny or Die homepage on Friday! http://r.funnyordie.com/nwpwy, The Origin Story of "That's What She Said" (w/ Thomas Lennon and Megan Mullally) - http://bit.ly/9ia63C, Joshua Haapanen won a FoD hoodie for identifying the High Five team on ESPN.com! Congrats!, What do Christian Slater, Elijah Wood & Patricia Arquette have in common? They're all in this video: http://bit.ly/9pz4bp, Answer the question before Thursday. Make us laugh. Win a Funny or Die koozie!

"How will Brett Favre spend his Super Bowl Sunday?", Recognize the FoD stars in this Super Bowl pic? Someone who posts one of their videos wins a FoD hoodie!, Martin Starr's bathroommate has a real potty mouth: http://bit.ly/bP7mqM, Watch these 4 videos. Choose your favorite. See it on the Funny or Die homepage on Friday! http://r.funnyordie.com/nwpwy, See Pee-wee Herman live in LA before he's gone! Enter the code "SecretWord" for 50% off tix to Feb 2/3/4 8pm shows: http://bit.ly/d86bEs, Watch the trailer for Funny or Die Presents on HBO! It premieres Feb 19th at Midnight! http://bit.ly/b3qG0p, Pee-wee Herman Gets an Apple iPad! http://r.funnyordie.com/yhjpy, Curing AIDS during a recession? How dare they..., Give a round of 'Likes' to Josh Zinsser, this week's Comment Contest winner!

"Diddy bought his son a $360,000 Maybach for his 16th birthday. What will he get him for his 17th birthday?", Bobby Bottleservice is back with another audition tape for Jersey Shore: http://bit.ly/dt9ag6, Will Ferrell & Don Cheadle won "Best Short Film" at Sundance for Drunk History! Watch it premiere on our HBO show February 19th!!, Tori Spelling & Dean McDermott are dead serious about toilet paper: http://bit.ly/dmRvNR, This is what happens when Congress goes corporate..., Answer the question before Thursday. Make us laugh. Win a Funny or Die koozie!

"Diddy bought his son a $360,000 Maybach for his 16th birthday. What will he get him for his 17th birthday?", Conan leaves with this epic performance featuring Will Ferrell, ZZ Top, Beck and Ben Harper!, Watch these videos. Pick your favorite. See it on the homepage of Funny or Die on Friday!, http://www.funnyordie.com/videos/d0144e16e1/hot-tub-time-machine-red-band-trailer, Give a round of 'Likes' for Michael Penfold, this week's Comment Contest winner! Enjoy your FOD Koozie!


"A republican won the MA Senate seat. After hell finishes freezing over, what will happen next?", The Ed Hardy Boyz are back! And with a whole new mystery to solve..., Answer the question before Thursday. Make us laugh. Win a Funny or Die koozie!

"A republican won the  MA Senate seat. After hell finishes freezing over, what will happen next?", See Pete with Will Ferrell, Rob Riggle and friends in an evening of comedy with A Better LA! Visit http://abetterla.org/events.asp for more details., Usually the best part about American Idol is watching crazy people try to sing, but this guy is just something else.., Conan ponders what his post Tonight Show career could be., Leslie could be a man's name, so..., Give a round of 'likes' to Jared Chapmen, winner of this weeks Comment Contest! 

"The
Conan vs. Leno NBC fiasco is all over the news, but it has yet to
receive an appropriately catchy scandal name. Come up with one!", Help the rescue effort in Haiti.  Comedians For Haiti at http://www.mercycorps.org/fundraising/comediansforhaiti, Aisha Tyler shows off her true 70's style Foxxitude. Be sure to check her out on the new FX show "Archer" this Thursday!, College students save up to 80% on Adobe CS4 Student Editions. Use Photoshop to put your face onto the cash you save.  Click here to save and become instantly awesome: http://tinyurl.com/ygradda, Answer the question before Thursday. Make us laugh. Win a Funny or Die koozie!

"The Conan vs. Leno NBC fiasco is all over the news, but it has yet to receive an appropriately catchy scandal name. Come up with one!", Answer the question before Thursday. Make us laugh. Win a Funny or Die koozie!

"The Conan vs. Leno NBC fiasco is all over the news, but it has yet to receive an appropriately catchy scandal name. Come up with one!", Answer the question before Thursday. Make us laugh. Win a Funny or Die kooxie!

"The Conan vs. Leno NBC fiasco is all over the news, but it has yet to receive an appropriately catchy scandal name. Come up with one!", Aziz Ansari proves that in the hands of the right comedian, even discussing the thread-count of sheets can be funny., This just makes me excited for what Fails 2010 will bring... Here are the Best Fails of 2009!, Mark Feb. 20th on your calendar and join Will Ferrell, Tenacious D, Nick Swardson, Tim & Eric, Rob Riggle and Aubrey Plaza at the Nokia Theater to benefit A Better LA! Get the details here:, Michael Cera shows off his other side in this red band trailer for Youth in Revolt. In theaters this Friday!, Give a round of 'likes' to Jason Dougherty, he just won this week's comment contest!

"This season's Celebrity Apprentice features Bret Michaels, Sharon Osbourne, Cyndi Lauper and more. What should they really compete for?"

Jason Dougherty: Time Machine and/or flux capacitor (they can escape to a time when they mattered), Tim Allen plays an environmentally insensitive lumberjack in the greatest story ever told about a man, his son, and a tree. See more at http://arbordaze-movie.com!, An interesting take on the birds and the bees..., Answer the question before Thursday. Make us laugh. Win a Funny or Die koozie!

"This season's Celebrity Apprentice features Bret Michaels, Sharon Osbourne, Cyndi Lauper and more. What should they really compete for?", We probably won't be seeing this guy working special effects on any movie sets in the near future..., Happy New Year from team FOD! Check out these celebrity resolutions as you ponder yours., Give a round of 'likes' to Billy Quits, he just won this week's comment contest! 

"Forget that exercise equipment now being used as a laundry rack from last year, what new year's resolution will fail this year?"

Billy Quits: 2010 = Zero hobo murders. I can do it!, Just something to think about..., 2009 is almost over! Check out the 10 best videos we did this year., Want more? Visit http://www.funnyordie.com/captions, Want more? Visit http://www.funnyordie.com/captions, Ronna & Bev tonight! Check out clips here: http://bit.ly/5Y8Bj4 and here: http://bit.ly/7IqVX7 Showtime @ 9/12 PST/EST, Answer the question before Thursday. Make us laugh. Win a Funny or Die koozie!

"Forget that exercise equipment now being used as a laundry rack from last year, what new year's resolution will fail this year?", Mac or PC? These little girls settle their differences..., Want more? Visit http://www.funnyordie.com/captions, Want more? Visit http://www.funnyordie.com/captions, Merry Christmas!, It's not too late to pick up a copy of "A Very Terry Christmas" for your loved ones this year!, Give a round of 'likes' to Shawn Hemler, he just won this week's Comment Contest!

"Now that the holiday season is in full swing, what is your WORST memory from this time of year?", Just be thankful they didn't make this version of "A Christmas Carol" in 3-D..., Want more? Visit http://www.funnyordie.com/captions, He's going straight onto the Naughty List..., Answer the question before Thursday. Make us laugh. Win a Funny or Die koozie!

"Now that the holiday season is in full swing, what is your WORST memory from this time of year?", Check out the hilarious "Ronna & Beverly" pilot TONIGHT on Showtime at 9pm (12am if you're on the West coast w/ satellite).  Here is a little taste of the awesomeness http://www.funnyordie.com/videos/2076cc7dbf/ronna-and-bev-dating-advice-from-ronna-and-beverly, Want more? Visit http://www.funnyordie.com/captions, Want more? Visit http://www.funnyordie.com/captions, Alyssa Milano becomes a member of the Jersey Shore in 75 seconds http://bit.ly/8MS7Tk, Barry's looking for a new place and has some VERY specific needs..., Want more? Visit http://www.funnyordie.com/captions, You voted and the results are in. "On Top of Land" is the winner of this week's poll! Check them out on the front page of Funny or Die today!, Give a round of 'likes' to Ken Smargiassi, he just won this week's comment contest!

"The cast on 'Jersey Shore' have names like The Situation and J-WOWW. What would be more fitting names for them?"

Ken Smargiassi: Best Reasons We've Seen For Birth Control, Daddy's Little Mistakes, Leechy McFuckStick, ...., Who knew getting political could be so sexy?, Want more? Visit http://www.funnyordie.com/captions, Want more? Visit http://www.funnyordie.com/captions, Tiger Woods is a little freaky., Answer the question before Thursday. Make us laugh. Win a Funny or Die koozie!



"The cast on 'Jersey Shore' have names like The Situation and J-WOWW. What would be more fitting names for them?", [FOD Blog]  Merry Christmas Under Arrest, Andy Samberg and T-Pain catch up and talk about scones., Watch these funny videos. Pick your favorite. See it on the homepage of Funny or Die on Friday!, Want more? Visit http://www.funnyordie.com/captions, Want more? Visit http://www.funnyordie.com/captions, Thanks everyone that came out to the Egyptian on Friday.  We had a great time!, Although it won't grace the hamepage of FOD with its presence, "Everything's Bigger in Texas" deserves a honorable mention as the close 2nd place winner of this week's poll. Make sure to vote next week ...and stay out of Maryland., You voted and the results are in, "Hobo Proposal" is the winner of this week's poll! Check it out on the front page of Funny or Die today!, He's been fortunate enough to beat up some of Hollywood's finest actors., Give a round of 'likes' to John Towers, he just won this week's comment contest! 

"Pornstar Holly Sampson is the 7th woman linked to Tiger Woods. What should the name of her next porn be?"

John Towers: Cock Tees, Join Funny or Die for a night of LIVE comedy at the Egyptian this Friday, featuring surprise celebrity guests. Maybe even a very hilarious bearded comedian who interviews folks between two ferns! Let us know you're a Facebook fan and get VIP seating. Buy your tickets here:, Want more? Visit http://www.funnyordie.com/captions, Want more? Visit http://www.funnyordie.com/captions, Bobby Bottleservice is going to respect the shit out you girls. Watch his audition tape for MTV's Jersey Shore., Come to our LIVE event this Friday at the Egyptian, let us know you are a fan on Facebook and get VIP seating. We promise you will LOVE our surprise hosts and celebrity guests. Celebrities, Comedy & You!!  http://bit.ly/4NEs9d, Answer the question before Thursday. Make us laugh. Win a Funny or Die koozie!

"Pornstar Holly Sampson is the 7th woman linked to Tiger Woods.  What should the name of her next porn be?", Michael Cera leads a one man revolution., Join us at the Egyptian Theater this Friday for a special LIVE event bringing together our favorite videos, premiere videos, celebrity guests and surprise hosts. Click the link to get your tickets!, Watch out Shuckton, Death is coming to town!, Watch these funny videos. Pick your favorite. See it on the homepage of Funny or Die on Friday!, Want more? Visit http://www.funnyordie.com/captions, Want more? Visit http://www.funnyordie.com/captions, Tiger's Voicemail REMIX!, Want more? Visit http://www.funnyordie.com/captions, Want more? Visit http://www.funnyordie.com/captions, It's the legally obligated dance that's sweeping the nation!, Give a round of 'likes' to Julia Hughes, she just won this week's comment contest! 

"Oprah's show is coming to an end. How should she spend her billions in retirement?"

Julia Hughes: EVERYBODY GETS A HUMBACCCK WHAAAAAAAAAAALE, [FOD Blog]  Fox News Pie Chart, Want more? Visit http://www.funnyordie.com/captions, Want more? Visit http://www.funnyordie.com/captions, Some of the body double work in Hollywood is getting a little lazy..., Don't judge the B ROLL!!, Answer the question before Thursday. Make us laugh. Win a Funny or Die koozie!

"Oprah's show is coming to an end. How should she spend her billions in retirement?", Ever wonder what happens when Tony Hawk brings his kids to the office?, Want more? Visit http://www.funnyordie.com/captions, Want more? Visit http://www.funnyordie.com/captions, You voted and the results are in! "Flacidux" is the winner of this week's poll! Check it out on the front page of Funny or Die!, Give a round of 'likes' to Josh Klein, he just won this week's comment contest! Congrats, Josh. Enjoy your Koozie!

"At Thanksgiving dinner, what would be the worst thing to tell your family you're thankful for?", Happy Thanksgiving! Hopefully yours is better than this..., In case you missed it... Here are the highlights from Judd Apatow's LIVE Q&A in the FoD Writer's Room!, Want more? Visit http://www.funnyordie.com/captions, [FOD Blog]  Happy Holidays!, There's something you don't see every day out on the trail..., Answer the question before Thursday. Make us laugh. Win a Funny or Die Koozie!

"At Thanksgiving dinner, what would be the worst thing to tell your family you're thankful for?", More home shopping networks should feature live musical performances., Watch these videos. Pick your favorite. See it on the homepage of Funny or Die on Friday!, Want more? Visit http://www.funnyordie.com/captions, Want more? Visit http://www.funnyordie.com/captions, Sarah Palin finally tells Oprah the truth about a few things., Want more? Visit http://www.funnyordie.com/captions, Want more? Visit http://www.funnyordie.com/captions, You voted and the results are in! "Sashblascht" is the winner of this week's poll! Check it out on the front page of Funny or Die today! Warning: may contain weirdness., Give a round of 'likes' to John Towers, he just won this week's comment contest! Congrats, John. Enjoy your Koozie!

"Instead of 'Going Rogue', what would be a better title for Sarah Palin's new autobiography?", [FOD Blog]  Father Spoke Klingon to child for Three Years, Sometimes a vampire's girlfriend needs to be extra careful., Get in the holiday spirit with an all-star comedy choir!, Judd Apatow answering your questions live on Funny or Die RIGHT NOW! Check it out! http://r.funnyordie.com/Judd-Answers, You asked, he's got answers. Don't miss Judd Apatow answer your questions LIVE at 12:30pm PST. Check it out: http://r.funnyordie.com/Judd-Answers, Want more? Visit http://www.funnyordie.com/captions, Want more? Visit http://www.funnyordie.com/captions, Answer the question before Thursday. Make us laugh. Win a Funny or Die Koozie!

"Instead of 'Going Rogue', what would be a better title for Sarah Palin's new autobiography?", Conan O'Brien and Andy Richter on the latest episode of Between Two Ferns with Zach Galifianakis!, [FOD Blog]  Live Chat with Judd Apatow, Watch these videos. Pick your favorite. See it on the homepage of Funny or Die on Friday!, Want more? Visit http://www.funnyordie.com/captions, Want more? Visit http://www.funnyordie.com/captions, You voted and the results are in! "Home Alone" is the winner of this
week's poll! Check them out on the front page of Funny or Die!, Judd Apatow will be answering your questions live from the FoD Writers Room! Post your questions here: http://bit.ly/3h5gYP, [FOD Blog]  Vote for Will, Want more? Visit http://www.funnyordie.com/captions, Want more? Visit http://www.funnyordie.com/captions, Judd Apatow will be answering your questions live from the FoD Writers Room! Post your questions here: http://bit.ly/3h5gYP, We got a copy of the Carrie Prejean Sex Tape! Watch it here: http://FunnyOrDie.com/m/37qr, Would you say that people end up getting what they deserve? Check out Jon Gosselin's new web series and decide., Give a round of 'likes' to Gary Beamer, he just won this week's comment contest! Congrats, Gary. Enjoy your Koozie!

"Nevermind band disagreements, why is Steven Tyler REALLY leaving Aerosmith?", Next week: Judd Apatow takes your questions live on Funny or Die! Wednesday, November 18th at 12:30 PST. Stay tuned for more details., Want more? Visit http://www.funnyordie.com/captions, Want more? Visit http://www.funnyordie.com/captions, Ever wondered how we choose which user videos to feature? Today our Gatekeeper Darryl answers your questions during a LIVE STREAMING BROADCAST! Show up at http://www.funnyordie.com/promos/live at 1pm Pacific Standard Time., Jon Gosselin tries to become the pre-Ed Hardy man he used to be., Harness your body, brain and sexual magic... MüllerCize!, Answer the question before Thursday. Make us laugh. Win a Funny or Die Koozie!

"Nevermind band disagreements, why is Steven Tyler REALLY leaving Aerosmith?", [FOD Blog]  Tell Your Friends, Come Join Us, Watch these funny videos. Pick your favorite. See it on the FoD homepage on Friday!, Want more? Visit http://www.funnyordie.com/captions, Want more? Visit http://www.funnyordie.com/captions, You voted and the results are in, "Vampire Birth Certificate" is the winner of this week's poll! You can check it out here:, Want more? Visit http://www.funnyordie.com/captions, Want more? Visit http://www.funnyordie.com/captions, Lady Gaga -- Christopher Walken style. Oh!, Give a round of 'likes' to Cory Buser, he just won this week's comment contest! We hope the koozie keeps your drink cold every Sunday through the season!

"Love 'em or hate 'em, how will YOU be reacting if the Yankees win the World Series?"

"I'll just keep watching football.", Want more? Visit http://www.funnyordie.com/captions, Want more? Visit http://www.funnyordie.com/captions, You may think that Molly Sims is just a pretty face with perfect bone
structure and an amazing body - but no, she's so much more than that.
She got acting chops too!
 http://www.funnyordie.com/videos/e8b14e4242/molly-sims-dramatic-acting-reel, Have you tried lunch yet?, Answer the question before Thursday. Make us laugh. Win a Funny or Die Koozie!



"Love 'em or hate 'em, how will YOU be reacting if the Yankees win the World Series?", Watch these funny videos. Pick your favorite. See it on the FoD homepage on Friday!, Coal. Because wind-power is crazy looking., A couple tries to capture what goes bump in the night on film..., Want more? Visit http://www.funnyordie.com/captions, [FOD Blog]  Happy November, Check out this Halloween special from 5secondfilms!, Want more? Visit http://www.funnyordie.com/captions, Want more? Visit http://www.funnyordie.com/captions, You voted and the results are in! "Frank Labatte's Kitchen Bathroom" is the winner of this week's poll! Check them out on the front page of Funny or Die!, In the spirit of Halloween, we've spooked out our home page! Take a peek...if you dare!, Give a round of 'likes' for Lawrence Gabe Piloczewski, he just won this week's Comment Contest! Congrats and enjoy your Koozie!

"If you want to guarantee that someone smashes your pumpkin, what's a good design to carve into it?", Not every werewolf wants to wear blood-stained flannel., He's back everybody! Anthony Edwards returns better than ever!, Want more? Visit http://www.funnyordie.com/captions, Want more? Visit http://www.funnyordie.com/captions, Douchebags everywhere are taking a stand., Answer the question before Thursday. Make us laugh. Win a Funny or Die Koozie!

"If you want to guarantee that someone smashes your pumpkin, what's a good design to carve into it?", James Franco: Gucci Commercial Outtakes http://FunnyOrDie.com/m/357q, Want more? Visit http://www.funnyordie.com/captions, Want more? Visit http://www.funnyordie.com/captions, A ghost haunting you in your sleep suddenly doesn't seem so bad when an annoying puppet won't leave you alone., Watch these funny videos. Pick your favorite. See it on the FoD homepage on Friday!, This same thing happened at my cousins wedding last spring...except it was at the mouth of an active volcano. :(, Want more? Visit http://www.funnyordie.com/captions, Want more? Visit http://www.funnyordie.com/captions, Paul Sr. from Orange County Choppers takes a lot of pride in his mustache. But who wouldn't if they had one like his?, Give it up for Ted Molter, he just won this week's Comment Contest! Congrats and enjoy your Koozie!

"Regular kids get sent to their room just for not finishing their vegetables. How should Balloon Boy be punished?", Want more? Visit http://www.funnyordie.com/captions, Want more? Visit http://www.funnyordie.com/captions, [FOD Blog]  A Gift from Us, Chi McBride teaches you how to master success all by yourself., The guys from Anvil teach Rob Huebel how to play the drums (and get robbed)., Answer the question before Thursday. Make us laugh. Win a Funny or Die Koozie!



"Regular kids get sent to their room just for not finishing their vegetables. How should Balloon Boy be punished?", I definitely said OUCH at least 25 times during this.. It's ok to laugh at other people's pain, right?, There's no better way to get to know your co-workers!, Watch these funny videos. Pick your favorite. See it on the FoD homepage on Friday!, Want more? Visit http://www.funnyordie.com/captions, Want more? Visit http://www.funnyordie.com/captions, Real Housewife of Atlanta Kim Drops First Single: 'Tardy for the Party'..  Digg it here  http://digg.com/d317PMB, Want more? Visit http://www.funnyordie.com/captions, null, You voted and the results are in! "Laptop Love" is the winner of this week's poll. Check them out on the homepage of Funny or Die!, The corporate world can be a real killer., Give it up for Anthony Peil, he just won this week's Comment Contest! Congrats and enjoy your Koozie!

"What other awards/prizes/presents should Obama randomly be given?", Impressions by Josh Robert Thompson = Awesome x 4!, The Fray spend a day with two "fans" who really want some iced coffee., null, null, Some choices are easier than you might think., Answer the question before Thursday. Make us laugh. Win a Funny or Die Koozie!

"What other awards/prizes/presents should Obama randomly be given?", A song for a Facebook hook-up with some long term results., [FOD Blog]  Pastor Charged with Crime, Watch these funny videos. Pick your favorite. See it on the FoD homepage on Friday!, null, null, Free screening of ANVIL! THE STORY OF ANVIL, tonight @ 7:30pm @ the Harmony Gold Theater in LA. RSVP @ asst@acmepr.net or tell them Funny Or Die sent you...go get your metal on!, You voted and the results are in! "Jim's Auto" is the winner of this week's poll! Check them out on the homepage of Funny or Die! http://www.funnyordie.com/, We know we have dedicated fans, but Mike Howington is really taking it to the next level!, Chad @OGOchoCinco is promising a TD celebration inspired by Will Ferrell called the Ricky Bobby! http://bit.ly/1agf6k http://bit.ly/1agf6k, Give a round of 'likes' for Marvin Jones, who just won this week's Comment Contest!

"Simple: make up a nickname for the person that comments above you!", Joel McHale and Chevy Chase have questions for each other. And insults. http://r.funnyordie.com/sugar, null, null, null, Nicole Eggert is back on Baywatch in a bikini: http://FunnyOrDie.com/m/32ga http://FunnyOrDie.com/m/32ga, Answer the question before Thursday. Make us laugh. Win a Funny or Die Koozie!

"Simple: make up a nickname for the person that comments above you!", [FOD Blog]  We Love Cats, The Ed Hardy Boyz solve mysteries as only bros can., Watch these funny videos. Pick your favorite. See it on the FoD homepage on Friday! Just click http://r.funnyordie.com/mlljj, null, null, Suck it, Trebek., null, null, You
voted and the results are in! "Barely Legal Paralegal" is the
winner of this week's poll! Check them out on the homepage of http://FunnyOrDie.com!, I got your nose!, [FOD Blog]  Guys Reasons to Get Married, The Huffington Post nominated Will & Adam as game changers in online entertainment! Go vote for them http://bit.ly/27yz5P, Give it up for Adam Casey, this week's Comment Contest winner!

"If any animal could be on Twitter, which ones would tweet and what would they say?", We threw a party for our 1 millionth Twitter follower whether he wanted it or not & we brought Pauly Shore http://FunnyOrDie.com/m/31pr, Anyone ever actually pulled something like this off?, What do famous young ladies do when they get together? Help each other out with breast exams. http://r.funnyordie.com/ruilg, null, For those who haven't seen this oldie but goodie, here's Unnecessary Censorship!, Answer the question before Thursday. Make us laugh. Win a Funny or Die Koozie!

"If any animal could be on Twitter, which ones would tweet and what would they say?", We just hit 1 million followers on Twitter!! To celebrate we are giving away prizes all day starting at 9am (pst)...come join the fun at www.twitter.com/funnyordie, [FOD Blog]  UN General Assembly: Who Are They Wearing?, null, null, Watch these funny videos. Pick your favorite. See it on the FoD homepage on Friday! Just click http://r.funnyordie.com/ivrhu, null, null, You
voted and the results are in! "Two Guys at the End of Grease" is the
winner of this week's poll! Check them out on the homepage of http://FunnyOrDie.com!, Michael Ian Black expects you to be at his fucking taco party., For more product information on Lashisse go to: http://whyaremyeyesbleeding.com/, null, null, Molly Sims uses Lashisse to grow longer, darker, fuller lashes! (with some side effects) http://FunnyOrDie.com/m/30du, [FOD Blog]  Emmy Wrap-Up, Answer the question before Thursday. Make us laugh. Win a Funny or Die Koozie!

"Aside from healthcare, what's a personal service you'd like the government to provide?", Finally, celebrities share their opinions and concerns about the public healthcare issue., Watch these funny videos. Pick your favorite. See it on the FoD homepage on Friday! Just click http://r.funnyordie.com/jeiig, [FOD Blog]  The Yes Men Strike Again, The high-five guys take a break to enjoy some delicious pizza., null, null, You voted and the results are in! "The Benefits of Buying a Boat" is the winner of this week's poll! Check them out on the homepage of http://FunnyOrDie.com!, null, Check out TheFastFoodie's web series, exclusively on Funny or Die!, Hall of Famer George Brett's now famous "accident" story get's a remix., Give a round of 'likes' for Tina Valenti, who just won this week's Comment Contest!, null, null, Sometimes sticky it in the WRONG HOLE works out for everyone, especially if Scott Baio is around http://www.funnyordie.com/videos/08c3463e1b/wrong-hole-with-dj-lubel-taryn-southern-and-scott-baio, Evere wondered what Mad Men would be like in Boston? And with a New Kid on the Block? Now you know!, Looks like Kanye struck again... Answer this weeks Comment Contest with your prediction of Kanye's next event interruption!, [FOD Blog]  Kanye Gate, Answer the question before Thursday. Make us laugh. Win a Funny or Die Koozie!

"What event should Kanye interrupt next?", Watch these funny videos. Pick your favorite. See it on the FoD homepage on Friday! Just click http://r.funnyordie.com/xlchc, null, [FOD Blog]  We Salute You, null, null, This guy is going to quit on us if we don't make him laugh... Anyone want to take a whack at it?, YOU LIE!! This is what happens when MTV goes political.., The only way milk and cookies do NOT sound good..., Give a round of 'Likes' for Farrell McLaughlin! He just won a custom FOD Koozie and this week's Comment Contest!, Winning Caption:

"How'd that Blood get into a Crips meeting?"

-UrbanLegend
http://www.funnyordie.com/urbanlegend, Winning Caption:

"Ok... who's idea was it to hold the bachelor party the morning of the wedding?"

-Ichronic
http://www.funnyordie.com/cobra_piss, [FOD Blog]  Not Paying Those Tickets, Answer the question before Thursday. Make us laugh. Win a Funny or Die Koozie!

"Come up with the best fortune cookie that ends with '...in bed'", http://www.funnyordie.com/videos/d14fdef4f2, Funny or Die and Fresh Films team up to help teens create awesome short films! Show your support, check them out and vote!, This is pretty much the only way I'd watch the news on TV.., You voted and the results are in! "The Leprechaun" is the winner of this week's poll! Check them out on the homepage of http://FunnyOrDie.com!, Winning Caption:

"__ _ ______ ___,____..._____ __ _____!!!!"

-jams3kds
http://www.funnyordie.com/jams3kds, [FOD Blog]  Bike Strippers, Everyone give a round of 'likes' to Garrett Vlieger for winning this week's comment contest!, http://www.funnyordie.com/videos/618fb6cbf2/gus-porter-american-legend-with-thomas-haden-church, [FOD Blog]  Online Dating is Hard, Winning Caption:

"One is a dentist...one is a proctologist. Find out next week on..."

-ellesbelles
http://www.funnyordie.com/ellesbelles, Winning Caption:

"I'm sorry, your answer must be in the form of a question, not a proposition."

-csymonz
http://www.funnyordie.com/cassafrass, Fact: really bad songs sound better on the radio. Don't tell me you don't sing along to "Tonight's Gonna Be a Good Night"..., Answer the question before Thursday. Make us laugh. Win a Funny or Die Koozie!

"What's the best bumper sticker you've ever seen?", [FOD Blog]  The People Of Walmart Have Spoken, Watch these funny videos. Pick your favorite. See it on the FoD homepage on Friday! Just click http://r.funnyordie.com/yseub, You voted and the results are in! "Banned Bing.com Commercial" is the winner of this week's poll! Check them out on the homepage of http://FunnyOrDie.com!, [FOD Blog]  Tracy Finally Got Some, Give a big round of 'likes' for Robert Hewitt. He won this week's Comment Contest!, Our Webby awards arrived today! Only the most elite trophies have binary code., [FOD Blog]  Wikipedia vs Predator, The conspiracy is true, death panels exist!, Answer the question before Thursday. Make us laugh. Win a Funny or Die Koozie! 

"What would be the worst show/movie to be playing on TV 24/7?", Let the "fuck off" battle begin!, [FOD Blog]  Camper Bike, Jiminy Glick's interview with the man himself, Ronald McDonald!, Watch these funny videos. Pick your favorite. See it on the FoD homepage on Friday! Just click http://r.funnyordie.com/uxleb, You voted and the results are in! "Annoying Death Roommate" is the winner of this week's poll! Check them out on the homepage of http://FunnyOrDie.com!, [FOD Blog]  Gummi Bears Do It Too, If you're in space, best avoid the burgers., Give a round of 'likes' for Kyle Irwin! He just won this week's Comment contest!, Patton taking calls from Toluca Lake residents. Not everyone stays on topic., [FOD Blog]  American Cops Are Pigs, Answer the question before Thursday. Make us laugh. Win a Funny or Die Koozie! 

"What new national holiday should be celebrated?", http://www.funnyordie.com/videos/272036f753/red-bull-energy-douche-with-mandy-moore, A look behind the scenes at Mad Men Season 3. Spoilers!, [FOD Blog]  Dude Looks Like An Old Lady, Watch these funny videos. Pick your favorite. See it on the FoD homepage on Friday! Just click http://r.funnyordie.com/bumtu, You can call Adam McKay NOW:  718-683-7661 & watch here http://www.ustream.tv/channel/adam-mckay-s-the-goods-call-in, Adam McKay will take live calls from people who saw The Goods! Look for the number from @ghostpanther or @funnyordie on twitter at 2:30pm pst TODAY!, Go see The Goods w/ Jeremy Piven this weekend! Someone who 'Likes' this will win a FoD shirt!, [FOD Blog]  Men During Arguments, You voted and the results are in! "Donate Now" is the winner of this week's poll! Check them out on the homepage of http://FunnyOrDie.com!, Give a round of 'likes' for Sam Holland! he just won this week's Comment contest!, Join us on our trip to The Goods premiere in Vegas!, We are tweeting live from the Las Vegas premiere of The Goods starring Jeremy Piven...check it out http://twitter.com/funnyordie, [FOD Blog]  Close Shave, Answer the question before Thursday. Make us laugh. Win a Funny or Die Koozie! 

"Now that Paula Abdul is off American Idol, what should her next career move be?", Shwwwiiiing! Alexis Bledel as Lady Jaye., That's right... Henry Rollins as Duke!, Another pic from tomorrow's GI Joe video: Olivia Wilde as Baroness, We have an amazing GI Joe video going up tomorrow! Check out Chuck Lidell as Gung-Ho, Tony Hale (Arrested Development's Buster Bluth) was the perfect Dr Mindbender for our GI Joe video, [FOD Blog]  Cotton Helps Absorb Alcohol, We want YOU to decide what's featured on Funny or Die! Vote for the funniest video and see it on the homepage on Friday! (The poll is right under the 'Fans' box.) ...if you can't find it, just click http://r.funnyordie.com/hkjse, If you ever wondered what happens at G.I. Joe HQ after all the action comes to a halt, you need to see this. It's even better than I imagined., Will Ferrell & Jeremy Piven: What Happened In Albuquerque   http://www.funnyordie.com/videos/b70226fc1f/what-happened-in-albuquerque-from-the-goods, This week's poll winner is 'Elmo Phone Sex'! It's when Sesame Street is found in the Red Light district...this Elmo wants more than just a tickle., Give a round of applause to Anthony for winning this week's Comment Contest!, [FOD Blog]  Punkin' The Birthers: Priceless, [FOD Blog]  O'Reilly and Obama, There's nothing desperate about Jamie-Lynn Sigler, just 100% Real Housewife. Jamie-Lynn and her girlfriends are thicker than thieves!, Answer the question before Thursday. Make us laugh. Win a Funny or Die Koozie! 

"What Olympic event would you never expect to see?", Check out MLB Fantasy Camp with Phillies' Ryan Howard and Jimmy Rollins!, Ed Helms and his boy band Big Ups pledge to keep "doin' it to you" in this exclusive music video from The Goods http://FunnyOrDie.com/m/2sl0, [FOD Blog]  NYC Woman Sues College For Tuition, We want YOU to decide what's featured on Funny or Die! Vote for the funniest video and see it on the homepage on Friday! (The poll is right under the 'Fans' box.) ...if you can't find it, just click http://r.funnyordie.com/ewpil, [FOD Blog]  Workout Tips from Madonna, Kristin Cavallari knows how to get what she wants, and is sharing some tips to help others!, Thanks for voting in this week's exclusive facebook poll! The winner is "A Beaver Tale." See it on FunnyOrDie.com's homepage today!, Give a big round of applause to Wendy for winning a custom FoD Koozie!, [FOD Blog]  Horrible Wax Figures, Kristin Cavallari stopped by the office today for a shoot/parking ticket., Why can't Tiffani Thiessen make it to the 'Saved By The Bell' reunion? She's got a shit ton of stuff going on!, Hollywood stuntmen are dicks. But their agents...? Well, you can find out for yourself., Check out the FoD Team at Comic-Con!, Answer the question before Thursday. Make us laugh. Win a Funny or Die Koozie! 

"The worst nickname to have in prison would be...?", [FOD Blog]  You Know You're From Florida When.., It's Raaaaaaaandy! Part 3 shows his care for those suffering in Darfur...sort of., We want YOU to decide what's featured on Funny or Die! Vote for the funniest video and see it on the homepage on Friday! (The poll is right under the 'Fans' box.) ...if you can't find it, just click http://r.funnyordie.com/xnzwm, Can't wait to see 'The Goods'? Check out the exclusive trailer!, Entourage's Rex Lee isn't the only star who does something else on the side to escape the busy world of acting. He may be the only one to do this, though., Thanks for voting in the poll this week! "Signing With Dick" earned its spot on the homepage of FunnyorDie.com by getting the most votes; next week's winner could be YOU!, Give a big round of applause to Matthew for winning a custom FoD Koozie!, Check out the FoD Team at Comic-Con!, [FOD Blog]  Palin's Resignation: The Edited Version, Answer the question before Thursday. Make us laugh. Win a Funny or Die Koozie! 

"If you could give any political figure a tattoo, who and what would it be?", The second installment in our profile of "Funny People" star Raaaaaaaandy., Check out the weekly poll where YOU decide what's featured on Funny or Die! Vote for the funniest video and see it on the homepage on Friday! (The poll is right under the 'Fans' box.), [FOD Blog]  The Inevitable Keyboard Cat T-Shirt, null, Eric Appel killed a wolf on his way to work today. He doesn't seem too upset about it., This should prevent accidental lighter theft. Also looks great w/ a 'Bad Motherfucker' wallet., Everyone give a round of applause to Mark Golden, the winner or this week's Comment Contest! Mark won a custom FOD Koozie, Congrats!, [FOD Blog]  One Squirrel One Cup, Alicia Silverstone & Alanis Morissette road trip cross country in this indie film, "My Mother's Red Hat"., Tony Romo knows how to throw a football and pitch just about anything. http://FunnyOrDie.com/m/2or4, Every Tuesday we will have a COMMENT CONTEST. The answer that makes us laugh the most will be picked Thursday morning and gets a free Funny or Die koozie. This week's question is: "What is the worst pick up line you have ever used/heard?", Snoop Dogg shows his new closet to his friends. http://FunnyOrDie.com/m/2olt, Meet Raaaaaaaandy, the breakout star of Judd Apatow's Funny People., [FOD Blog]  Jay Leno Can't Catch a Break, Don't you just LOVE catching up with that old friend from highschool..., Jon cheated and ripped Kate's heart to shreds...so now she's on the dating scene! Two can play at this game. Watch out fellas!, [FOD Blog]  This Guy Loves Bears, Everyone give a round of applause to Nate Souza, the winner or this week's Comment Contest! Nate won a custom FOD Koozie, Congrats!, Let Nascar driver Jimmie Johnson teach you how to make winning easy!, Why is 6 afraid of 7? And will the prophecy come true again? A terrifying look at the numbers all around us., When James Franco was asked to speak at UCLA's commencement, students were outraged. He decided, however, to step down after his speech was rejected. We have it on video. By the way, if you're wondering who replaced him at UCLA's commencement ceremony, Google it. We can't do everything for you. 

...Just kidding, it was the guitarist from Linkin Park., Every Tuesday we will have a COMMENT CONTEST. The answer that makes us laugh the most will be picked Thursday morning and gets a free Funny or Die koozie. This week's question is: "If you were in a beauty pageant, what would your special talent be?", Who's that special lady in your life? Your Girlfriend? Your Mom? Your Grandma? Matthew McConaughey found his special lady, see who it is!, [FOD Blog]  It's Hot Out Here For a Goth, February 7th, 1964 the Beatles first came to America. And it was... terrifying. http://bit.ly/s9JUL, When TV commercials are just a little too effective..., Happy 4th of July from Funny or Die! ...and Roger Hamm, Lock up your daughters...Jon Gosselin is on the market. How can you resist ?
http://FunnyOrDie.com/m/2m1u, Will Ferrell and Adam McKay list their 14 favorite movies and why....http://FunnyOrDie.com/m/2m39, What do the fans want in an FoD facebook page? Let us know (with a comment) what kind of features you’d like to see on our page!, [FOD Blog]  Why The F Do You Have A Kid?, Has YOUR face ever been on the front page of FunnyorDie.com? Jason Sereno's has!, Win the chance to join Will Ferrell, Judd Apatow, Adam McKay & the FunnyorDie team to produce your next viral video!, Need some advice for your lady? Craig Robinson gets you sexy. http://bit.ly/RQxP0, [FOD Blog]  Stoned Wallabies Are Making Crop Circles, Michael Jackson sings 'Lisa It's Your Birthday' on The Simpsons http://bit.ly/gSXyc, The man himself: Don Johnson, Carson Daily and Rob Huebel tweeting at FoD, Carson's ink, Buzz twittering from the Funny Or Die twitter account
, Uncle Sam talks out his problems with Paul Begala in a little league field http://bit.ly/hofLQ, Breckin Meyer and Zac Efron respond to Perez Hilton http://bit.ly/QG846, Breaking News: Iranian leader Ahmadinejad Tweets Back http://bit.ly/zgSAU, [FOD Blog]  Will Ferrell On Conan's Very First Tonight Show, Snoop Dogg, SouljaBoy, and Talib Kweli hit the studio with astronaut, hero, and hip hop legend, Buzz Aldrin: http://www.funnyordie.com/videos/f7a26d7505/making-of-buzz-aldrin-s-rocket-experience-w-snoop-dogg-and-talib-kweli, Vinnie Jones is going to break your face but he WILL get you in shape! http://bit.ly/5sVL4, [FOD Blog]  Grade Schoolers Shown Disney Porn, The Blue Man Group weren't always just Blue Men, they had jobs. Check them out before they were stars http://bit.ly/HRTWS, [FOD Blog]  Stolen Pictures, [FOD Blog]  Presidents, Leaders and their Hemp Over the Years, [FOD Blog]  Book Alert for Comedy Nerds, Final episode of Andrea Savage's Casual Sex series.  It does not disappoint  http://tinyurl.com/kj6vxx, [FOD Blog]  Will Ferrell On Conan's Very First Tonight Show, FunnyorDie.com  Katharine McPhee in Paparazzi Protection: Quween http://tinyurl.com/oowluh, Credit card companies finally know what it's liked to get screwed! http://tinyurl.com/q3lnp2, Between 2 Ferns with Zach Galifianakis: Zach chats with his "Hangover" co-star Brad Cooper. Pure awesomeness: http://tinyurl.com/qwrkm5, [FOD Blog]  Will Ferrell Almost On American Idol, Common as 'Dow Jones' 'Dow Jones' is one smooth marketplace that got screwed over by greed.  Now he is fighting back.

http://www.funnyordie.com/videos/0d0e6f6f0b/dow-jones-starring-common?utm_campaign=facebook&utm_content=dowjones&utm_medium=social&utm_source=facebook&utm_term=fb, Would we ask Ryan Reynolds to tell Betty White to suck the hot hard one?!? yep...http://tinyurl.com/ryfwef, Hysterical trailer for In The Loop a new political comedy like Dr. StrangeLove and Thank You For Smoking..  http://tinyurl.com/oltbfc, [FOD Blog]  Midol on My Mind, [FOD Blog]  Funny or Die Is Huge in The Netherlands, Funny Or Die is huge in the Netherlands...(hit us up with you best Dutch oven joke or if anyone knows what they are saying) http://www.funnyordie.com/blog/posts/15712?utm_campaign=facebook&utm_content=dutchbff&utm_medium=social&utm_source=facebook&utm_term=fb, From FoD across the pond...UK Celeb Couple Jordon and Peter, pretty much celeb couples are annoying in any country http://tinyurl.com/ojss9k, null, [FOD Blog]  Will Ferrell: Tennis Champion, Natalie Portman is interviewed by Zach Galifianakis. Where? Between two ferns, naturally: http://FunnyOrDie.com/videos/5ef1adb57b, [FOD Blog]  Fake Giraffe is a Peeping Tom, Exclusive Land of the Lost set visit with Will Ferrell... http://tinyurl.com/c44o6l, [FOD Blog]  Fantasy Hair Competition, BOOM! POW! Adam West is broke so he's having a Bat cave garage sale http://tinyurl.com/c4krdf, You, me and baby make threesome: http://tinyurl.com/csksx3, [FOD Blog]  What to get Heide and Spencer?, [FOD Blog]  Bronx Zoo Firing Animals, [FOD Blog]  L.A Stripper Subs for Student at H.S Reunion, [FOD Blog]  It Hurts When I Pee, It's 420 and only Funny O rDie has that primo Alien Weed annnnd Donald Faison http://tinyurl.com/cbfzjz, null, Lindsay Lohan is single and ready to mingle. Check out her new eHarmony profile http://tinyurl.com/c4qcmp, [FOD Blog]  Yes Men Strike Again, Behind the scenes of the making of Zac Efron's Pool Party  http://www.funnyordie.com/videos/365d12b303/the-making-of-zac-efron-s-pool-party, Zac Efron had a pool party and we were there with tons of other celebs! check it out! ---> http://www.funnyordie.com/videos/557c57321b/zac-efron-s-pool-party, [FOD Blog]  Zac Efron Shoot took place inside the TV!, [FOD Blog]  Reba or Die!, Well, friends and family, we regret to inform you that Funny or Die has been sold! Will Ferrell received an offer he could not refuse. Reba McEntire is the new, proud owner of Reba or Die.com -- check it out www.rebaordie.com, [FOD Blog]  Baby Toupees. Not a Joke., [NSFW] "Naked Dawn" Trailer (w/ Rob Schneider, Mena Suvari and Vinnie Jones) --> http://www.funnyordie.com/videos/77caf038b8/naked-dawn, The Most Indie Film Ever --> http://www.funnyordie.com/videos/ec2dc47000/the-dirty-garage, check out GOBSTOPPER! --> http://www.funnyordie.com/videos/06b666ae72/gobstopper-trailer, [FOD Blog]  Craig Needs a Friend, is checking out the new FB page design, [FOD Blog]  Walt Whitman is a Child Molester, [FOD Blog]  Touch Boobs While You Work, [FOD Blog]  Shave the Baby, null, null, null, Jake and Bob took their high-fiving to Good Morning America Weekend.  , Funny Or Die in DC shooting a video around the inauguration, Funny Or Die in DC shooting a video around the inauguration, Funny Or Die in DC shooting a video around the inauguration, null, [FOD Blog]  One Degree from Kevin Bacon, Father Accused Of Selling Daughter For Beer (this is illegal?), BREAKING: Vail Chairlift Accident Leaves Man Pantless (PHOTOS), BREAKING:FUNNYORDIE BARLEY MAKES TOP 10 CHRISTIAN BASHING LIST 08, [FOD Blog]  Most Popular Comedy Bits of the Year, BREAKING: MAN ARRESTED FOR FLASHING 'GANG SIGNS' ON SANTA'S LAP, [FOD Blog]  Santa Has Been Arrested, This art exibit rocks, [FOD Blog]  Do You Like My New Dress?, [FOD Blog]  Grooming Tales, [FOD Blog]  A Super Secret Awesome Show, [FOD Blog]  I'm Steve. I'm with IT., [FOD Blog]  What the Hell?, [FOD Blog]  VOTE! VOTE! VOTE!, [FOD Blog]  Cool Halloween Stuff, [FOD Blog]  Sarah Palin and Sarah Palin on SNL!, [FOD Blog]  Let's Make a Porno, [FOD Blog]  A Political Joke, [FOD Blog]  Betty White - McCain Speech Writer?, [FOD Blog]  Alec Baldwin Does Sarah Palin, [FOD Blog]  Debating Tina Fey - New Sarah Palin Sketch!, [FOD Blog]  Tina Fey is Back as Sarah Palin!!, [FOD Blog]  8 Amazing Holes, [FOD Blog]  Palin Impression Time! Tina Fey, Gina Gershon, and..., [FOD Newsletter]  Untitled, [FOD Blog]  12 Funny Church Billboards, [FOD Blog]  Don't Work - It's Labor Day!, [FOD Blog]  SOUNDS LIKE..., [FOD Newsletter]  (Juicy Steak Edition) July 29th, 2008, [FOD Blog]  Paris Mania, Kristin Chenoweth Coming Soon!, [FOD Blog]  FOD at Comic Con!, [FOD Blog]  Naked Europeans!, Jason Biggs is caught in a game of murder and deception, where nothing is as it seems, where- it's a lot like Groundhog's Day, the movie.  It's funny though, you should watch., The Upright Citizens Brigade holds a benefit concert to raise money for Little Donny Disease., Not So Random Celebrities who frequent FunnyorDie.com, 'It's real fast and then you stop'- the Whitest Kids U Know, Will Arnett and Human Giant party in the club., Not So Random Celebrities who frequent FunnyorDie.com, null)