List(Great time celebrating Tavern Road last night! Congrats on three years and thanks for having us for an amazing evening!, Got in a fresh bluefin tuna today, bringing with it, some beautiful otoro!, Thrilled to be celebrating all things Ramen with Zagat this week!, Tavern Road’s 3 year anniversary dinner is this Thursday, March 31! Our very own Tony Messina will be one of the five incredible chefs cooking up street food inspired dishes like tuna tacos, duck banh mi, and so much more. 

See the menu and buy a ticket at tavernroad.eventbrite.com, “I'm usually in bed by midnight, but this spicy tuna + foie gras tataki, amazing nigiri selection, and ramen as part of UNI's late night menu can definitely compel me to stay up awhile more and drink lots of sake!”

Beautiful imagery capture by Betty Liu of le jus d'orange!, Pumped to announce that Chef Tony Messina of UNI is joining the guest chef lineup for Tavern Road’s 3rd anniversary dinner! #trturns3

Tickets at www.tavernroad.eventbrite.com, If there is one thing we know, it’s that Late Night is best enjoyed with friends!, Our Maguro Tuna Sashimi is embracing the season of spring!, Seared Scallop, served on the shell with yuzu pickled apple, nduja, charred cipollini onion, umeboshi, We’re serving razor clams Escabèche style with mizuna chimichurri and sesame, “Apparently, when you eat massive quantities of sushi right before bed, you have dreams about it. Not that I'm complaining.”

Huge thank you to Brian Samuels of A Thought For Food for capturing such a great photo of UNI’s late night menu offerings!, Sushi on the Late Night Menu. 
Get some!, Tomahawk Chop!  
Dry Aged 40oz center cut Black Angus Rib Eye on the bone.  Truffle Salt, Kosho Hollandaise, Sauteed Ramps., Noodles on noodles on noodles. Stop by tonight starting at 11pm for heaping bowls of ramen!, Toro! Toro! Tonight’s menu features some toro tuna! 

Great shot by Chef Ken Oringer, “Don’t let the restaurant’s recent reinvention cause any confusion: the ramen is definitely still there.”

You heard Thrillist, Thursday-Saturday nights call for UNI late-night ramen!, It’d be a big missed steak if you didn’t try our Wagyu Beef Tartare! #punintended, Where else can you get Late Night Tuna and Foie Gras Tataki?, With late night MBTA service coming to an end, take advantage while you still can and stop by for our Late-Night Ramen!, Foie gras bratwurst corn dogs with beer mustard. Because sometimes you just need this in your life., For those who say nothing good happens after midnight, we beg to differ… 

Awesome late-night Instagram photo by @jeff_gabel, Fortunately we're in one of the best cities for fresh seafood with our locally sourced Live Scituate Scallop Sashimi!, Our seafood game is strong when it comes to our savory Steamed Tilefish - served with braised yuba, broccolini and a yellow chive vinaigrette, Phones are back up and running, all! Happy Friday! Celebrate with us with 20 oz of A5 Wagyu Sirloin seared table side on a hot ocean stone!, Hi all - we are still working on our phone system. If you need to reach us for reservation inquires, please email us at info@uni-boston.com or us opentable! We will let you know once the issue is resolved. Thanks for your patience!, We are having some technical difficulties with our phone system. Our apologies for any inconvenience. For the time being, if you need to get in touch with us, please email info@uni-boston.com. Thanks!, Think our Asian Cheesy Corn is delicious? Cast your vote in Boston Magazine's #StarchMadness -, #Sushi heaven at #UNIBoston, Start your #weekend off right with Chef Tony Messina's Grilled Spanish Octopus with yuzu kosho hummus, green gage plum condiment and charred alliums #UNIBoston, Enjoy all the delicious parts of the fish - Gochujang Roasted Hamachi Kama  #UNIBoston, All stacked up with fresh Maine uni! #BehindTheScenes #UNIBoston, Late-night ramen at #UNIBoston is back & better than ever! Come in tonight for ramen, sushi or street-food inspired dishes. 

Read on for all the details: http://bit.ly/21aSMb3 
c/o Boston Magazine, Zagat Boston shares the 7 things you need to know about the new UNI! Chef & Partner Tony Messina weighs in on the new menu and expanded design. 

#UNIBoston #ZAGAT, With its sleek new design & exquisite menu, UNI is Boston's newest Haute Spot! Read on... 
#UNIBoston #HauteLiving, Warm up this weekend with a delicious dip: Asian Cheesy Corn, served with crispy shrimp crackers! #UNIBoston

image c/o Beautiful Cuisine, More from #BehindTheScenes of UNI 2.0! 
#UNIBoston, “I’m really inspired by my travels throughout the world and the constant evolution of the food scene in New York, Paris, Tokyo, and beyond,” Oringer told The Boston Globe

Read on and come check out the new #UNIBoston!, Check out our new doors by local artist, Ryan Lombardi (aka Enamel Kingdom)! #UNIBoston, New to the UNI menu? Global-inspired street food like this Green Curry Crab Fried Rice! #UNIBoston 

cc Food Republic, "It felt as if it were meant to be" - Ken Oringer on the anticipated UNI opening this week! Read more at Boston.com #UNIBoston, In case you missed it... Doors are officially open at the new & expanded UNI! 
cc Eater Boston #UNIBoston, It's official! The new UNI opens its doors today! #UNIBoston, As if you weren't hungry enough for #UNIBoston's new menu... #Wagyu #BehindTheScenes, Here fishy, fishy! 
Check out the #WallArt at the new #UNIBoston! #BehindTheScenes #InteriorDesign, Nice loaves. 
#SneakPeek at Japanese Milk Bread for the new #UNIBoston menu! #BehindTheScenes, Introducing Akira Sugimoto: Sushi Chef at UNI. 
What can you expect from him? Classic sushi training mixed with Western flavors! #UNIBoston #BehindTheScenes, Sushi Bar = installed! #SneakPeek #Sushi #UNIBoston, A little bit of old, a little bit of new at the expanded UNI, including this dish: Wok fried Singapore Black Pepper Lobster #BehindTheScenes #Drooling 
Photo courtesy of Ken Oringer #UNIBoston, #SneakPeek at this gorgeous custom creation by tattoo artist Sophie C'est la Vie for UNI 2.0! #Boston #UNIBoston, Tuna, anyone? #BehindTheScenes of the new #UNIBoston, null, Local artist, Ryan Lombardi [AKA Enamel Kingdom], was tapped to create a custom features for the new UNI! Here's a sneak peek at his ceiling design... #UNIBoston, This is so 2015. Get ready for the updated & expanded UNI! Sneak peek posts coming soon... #UNIBoston, Don't worry #Boston - this UNI favorite will be back in addition to many more exciting dishes! #Ramen, "This new spot will showcase the best of today's innovative dining culture and the style of food I like to eat now" 
- Ken Oringer on expanding UNI, Wishing everyone a happy + healthy New Year! UNI will be closed for renovations throughout January. 
Follow along for expansion updates!, Throwback to the original late night ramen at the UNI you know & love. Big changes coming in 2016! #TBT #NewYear #NewUNI

cc Katy Jordan Media, Behind the scenes of UNI magic! 
Stay tuned for even more magic at the new, expanded concept! 

cc Katy Jordan Media, "I should get rid of that stupid lounge down there and open up something a little funkier" says Ken Oringer about the origin of UNI. 

Read more in his interview with Eater Boston & stay tuned for so much more about the new UNI!, Holiday decorating the Uni way: 
A wreath of Japanese sardine escabeche, spot prawns, pickled green almonds & whipped parsnip #HappyHolidays #Boston, Not your average short stack... Corn & chive pancake with osetra caviar, maple syrup, tangerine agrumato & creme fraiche 
c/o Chef Tony Messina 

#Boston #Restaurant #UniSashimi, Proud to be named one of the best restaurants in #Boston for 2015 via Boston Magazine!, Cuisine of the Year: Asian Small Plates via The Boston Globe
Love to see this - and get ready for so much more from us in the new year!, Who else is dreaming of late-night ramen? Don't worry, #Boston, it's almost Friday... 

#Foodie #UniSashimi #Ramen, Wishing everyone a happy & healthy Thanksgiving!, Thank you Thrillist for naming Uni and sister-restaurant Clio among the most pioneering in the #Boston foodie scene!, Attention Night Owls: There will be no late-night ramen on Saturday 11/21 due to a private event. 

#Boston #RestaurantNews, Get 'em while they're in season! 

We're serving up a white truffle spoon with these beautiful Nantucket Bay Scallps, apple & risotto! 
#BostonFoodies #Yum, Small bite, big flavor. 
[Smoked uni spoon with quail egg, Osetra caviar and chive], We're serving up this beauty: Sake Toro with corn, huckleberry and chicory

For more mouthwatering photos, check out Beautiful Cuisine on Facebook & Instagram, Thank you Andrew Zimmern for calling out our very own Ken Oringer + Uni among your favorites in the #Boston foodie scene! 

cc Boston Common Magazine, Throwing it back to our sister-restaurant, Clio Restaurant, today. Read all about it: http://bit.ly/1KZkOeR #CelebrateClio #TBT

cc Eater Boston, You’re halfway through the week… Treat yourself to some fine Japanese A5 Wagyu Sirloin! 

#WhatIWantWednesday #treatyourself, #TBT with Chef Tony Messina’s Warm Kumamoto Oyster with Black Garlic Buttermilk, Pickled Shallot, Chinese Sausage-Rye Crumble and Tonburi., Feeling like fall with Chef Tony Messina’s Sanma (Pike Mackerel) with Apple Ash, Quince Emulsion, Chestnut Puree and Roasted Pear., Thankful for the great shout-out by Aarón Sánchez as one of his favorites in the city in this morning’s The Boston Globe -, We can’t get enough of this dish. Another great shot of the signature Bluefin and Foie. Photo credit to our Ken Oringer, The team had a blast at this year’s Autism Speaks #CelebrityChefGala!, Excited for the great shout out as a hip hangout in this morning’s Boston Herald, Kick off this Columbus Day weekend with our omakase menu, where Chef Tony Messina will serve you up a multi-course tasting. #Treatyoself, Interesting piece in The Boston Globe about New England’s seaweed farms! As a restaurant who uses the ingredient frequently, it is great to see production being done locally!, A little bit Japanese, a little bit Italian. #TBT to Chef Tony Messina’s Tuna Sashimi with Burrata, Peach, Minus 8 Vinegar, #TBT to Chef Tony Messina’s flavorful Kanpachi with Cucumber Brother, Compressed Melons, Uni and Masago., Chef Tony Messina shares his Hawaiian-style Tuna Poke recipe on NESN’s Dining Playbook “Training Camp” with co-host Billy Costa - a job well done!, Starting #latenight tonight at 11, we’re serving up heaping bowls of #Ramen, along with dishes such as Scallion Pancake with Pork Belly, Fried Egg, Kimchee, and Sashimi Scottish Salmon, Chinese Black Bean, Ginger, Cilantro., #Treatyoself to our signature Smoked Uni Spoon – Sea Urchin, Quail Egg Yolk, Osetra Caviar, Chives, #TBT to Chef Tony Messina’s Mategai (Razor Clam) and Hokkigai (Surf Clam) with Squid Ink Chowder, Freeze Dried Corn and Bacon Powder, Check out photographer Beautiful Cuisine for some great (and mouthwatering) shots of Chef Tony Messina’s dishes., Happy Labor Day weekend! Start your weekend off right with late night ramen tonight starting at 11! Slurp noodles and jam to old school hits. Our kind of #Friday!, #TBT to exactly one year ago – Chef Tony Messina’s glazed pork belly with hokkigai, gochugaru and #kimchee consommé, Upgrade your eggs Chef Tony Messina-style with #osetra #caviar., The best season for Watermelon is late August! Enjoy it in its prime with Chef Tony Messina’s Bluefin Tuna with Watermelon, Jicama and Aji Panca Maguro., A bite of luxury with Foie gras torchon with wild Maine blueberries, urfa pepper, white chocolate feuilletine, and candied angelica courtesy of Chef Tony Messina., An honor for Bistro du Midi Boston Executive Chef Robert Sisca to call our Mirugai with Fennel, Agrumato and Shiso his favorite dish in the city on Boston Business Journal!, Enjoying the bounty of the season with Chef Tony Messina’s Grilled Squid with Heirloom Tomato Vinaigrette, Smoked Beef Drippings, Holy Basil & Summer Squash., Thrilled for Chef Tony Messina’s Tuna Poke with Mung Beans to be included among other great dishes in a roundup of the hottest Tuna Poke across the country on Zagat -, TGIF! Kick the weekend off right with late-night ramen tonight starting at 11:00 PM!, A new take on Chips & Dip! Chef Tony Messina’s Caspian Golden Osetra Caviar with Crème Fraiche, Confit Egg Yolk and Potato Chips., #TBT to this single bite of luxury by Chef Tony Messina! Italian White Truffle Spoon: Peekytoe Crab, Charred Corn, Apple Cider & Miso Risotto, Pickled Apple, White Alba Truffles., #BehindTheScenes in the kitchen with Chef Tony messina comparing Maine Bluefin Toro & Japanese A5 Wagyu Sirloin!, Huge thanks to Bourbon Barrel Foods for sending us over some of their amazing products and giving inspiration for Chef Tony Messina’s Corn, Pork and Huitelacoche Dumplings With Miso-Corn Brodo, Lobster, Bacon Fried Hominy and Bourbon Barrel’s Smoked Togarashi Chicharrones!, A beautiful scene of A-5 Wagyu standing ready to cook on a hot ocean rock captured by Chef Ken Oringer., Treat yo’self with Chef Tony Messina’s Belgian Osetra Caviar with Potato, Egg Yolk Custard, Dashi Dumplings and Kewpie Mayo., We CAN’T wait until tomato season but until it arrives we’re satisfied with ogling a throwback – Chef Tony Messina’s Heirloom Tomatoes and Fried Clams #TBT, Not sure what to do with buttermilk? Take Chef Tony Messina’s advice courtesy of Serious Eats and whip up a simple oyster mignonette!, A behind the scenes peek into the kitchen with Chef Tony Messina: a Hay Smoked Egg about to be pickled in soy., Swap your olive oil for something more flavorful – Chef Messina uses Shiso Oil in our Uni and Yuzu Panna Cotta with Spiced Tomato Water and Local Sour Cherry Jam for a flavor-packed punch!, Feel like going all out? Try this decadent delicacy from Chef Tony Messina - Osetra Caviar with Slow Cooked Egg, Foie Gras Quickbread, Poached Lobster and Yuzu Brown Butter, Corn season will be over before we know it! Enjoy it while it lasts with our Salmon Belly with Chicory, Charred Corn and Pickled Maine Blueberries., A little spicy, a little tangy & very fresh = our new Kampachi set with Strawberry Sambal, Pickled Mustard Seeds and Miso Ash., #TBT to our Venison Tataki with Pomegranate, Parsnip, Umeboshi and Tsukudani! To learn more about Umeboshi, check out this article from Bon Appétit Magazine: http://bit.ly/1dKfhj9, Check out the blowfish tails Chef Tony Messina recently grilled up in our kitchen. Major shout-out to Day Boat Fresh for the A+ quality seafood you see here!, Happy Fourth of July, Boston! We’ll be closed tonight to celebrate the holiday but will reopen with normal hours tomorrow., Grilling for the Fourth? Take a page out of Chef Tony Messina’s book and grill up peaches marinated in Koji and Honey and pair them with creamy burrata for the perfect summertime dish., Bored with your summer salad? Get some inspiration from Chef Tony Messina’s Watermelon with Lommi, Sudachi-aji Amarillo Vinaigrette, Lime Crema, Basil Seeds and Pickled Rind #howwesummer, With the weather forecast looking extra-cloudy this weekend it’s the perfect time to hunker down with a heaping bowl of warm ramen courtesy of Chef Messina. Join us tonight and tomorrow starting at 11 PM to do just that!, Look at this beauty! We’re lucky to serve some of the finest A5 Japanese Wagyu Sirloin around., Take a peek at our latest twist on eggs and potatoes – Golden Osetra Caviar with Confit Potato, Fried Quail Egg and Verbena Oil courtesy of Chef Tony Messina., Major thanks to Greens Above Ground for our latest delivery of beautiful microgreens (Shiso & Peatendrils)!, #TBT to Chef Messina’s Chilled Uni Chawanmushi with Lobster, Bottarga and Urfa Paper., If it’s good enough to be one of Chef Messina’s favorite fish, it’s definitely worth trying – take a bite of our Japanese Mackerel, Shime Saba Tempura, Shiso Pickled Gobo & Aji Panca., Kick your weekend off right by joining us starting at 11 PM for Chef Messina’s late night menu full of specialties like his heaping bowls of ramen!, We’re so proud to have been a part of last night’s Taste of the Nation for No Kid Hungry where we served up Chef Messina’s Shiso Lettuce Wraps #shareourstrength, Not quite Asian and not quite Italian Chef Messina’s Burrata with Sicilian Pistachio Puree, Koji Marinated Peaches, Stone Fruit Salsa and Tobiko walks a fine line between East & West., Don’t let the lingering chill in the air deter you from enjoying the flavors of summer with our new dessert: Raspberry, Buttermilk and Licorice., Love Harissa but don’t know how to cook with it? Chef Messina suggests folding it into homemade pasta dough to add a little fire to a dish! Via Serious Eats, Great glamour shot of California spot prawns from Chef Messina – hands-down some of the best shrimp around!, #TGIF – It’s whiskey time! Take a break from summer sipping and eat your alcohol tonight with Chef Messina’s Unagi with La Belle Farm Foie Gras, Spicy Roasted Peach, Bulleit Whiskey Kabayaki, Mahlab Powder and Kinome, #TBT to this delicious seasonal dish from Chef Tony Messina - Razor Clam with Romesco, Marcona Almond & Butter Croutons, Happy Memorial Day, everyone! Enjoy the day with your family and friends!, Have you tried our famous Smoked Uni Spoon? Take a bite of luxury with #Uni, Quail Egg Yolk, Osetra Caviar & Chives., Cherry season is finally here! Try our pickled cherries filled with mahleb and chocolate, True Love! #uni, Celebrating #graduation this weekend? Enjoy the best with our A5 Japanese Wagyu Sirloin., #TBT to a year ago when Chef Messina served this delicious dish: Uni Sashimi with Lardo, Almond Milk and Goji, Great to see Bon Appétit Magazine showing some love for Langoustines this ‘lobster season’ – good reminder not to get too wrapped up in the New England lobstah hype :), It’s starting to look a lot like Spring thanks to Chef Messina’s Japanese Sardine Escabeche, Spot Prawns, Pickled Green Almonds and Whipped Parsnip!, Can’t figure out what to do with Sunchokes? Chef Messina suggests mashing them for an alternative to standard mashed potatoes! Check it out on Serious Eats -, Thanks Grub Street! We think our Tairagai with Smoked Fava Beans is beautiful too :)
http://grb.st/1KxpXwV, Such an honor to be named best sushi in New England by Yankee Magazine & DigBoston– thank you both!, While we feel for our California counterparts, we love to see them turning an unfortunate event into a reason to innovate – the true definition of making lemons into lemonade!, #TBT to the time Chef Messina served a fully loaded Tuna Sashimi with ALL the accompaniments – come by tonight and see what else he has up his sleeve, Happy #MarthonMonday, Boston! We wish this year’s marthoners the best of luck & hope for a safe & happy day for those cheering them on!, Voting is still open for DigBoston's 2015 dig this awards! If you haven’t cast your ballot yet we’d appreciate your support in winning best sushi, In our dining room we encourage guests to have fun with their food choices – we certainly do, So glad you enjoyed your meal with us The Asian Fusion Girl – we certainly enjoyed reading what you had to say about our own Chef Messina!, #FlashbackFriday to this gem – Kanpachi with Cucumber Broth, Compressed Melons, Uni and Masago – from Chef Messina, Love to see another chef-driven spot starting up in our ‘hood – we’ll be keeping our eye on you Select Oyster Bar, April showers bring May flowers and new seasonal dishes from Chef Messina! Brighten this rainy day by swinging by our sashimi counter tonight for our new Fluke Sashimi with Rhubarb, Crispy Kasha and Nori, Great piece on culinary trailblazer Niki Nakayama of n/naka, thanks for putting the spotlight on this amazing chef First We Feast, It’s that time of the year again – DigBoston has opened the polls for the 2015 dig this awards and we’d love your help in securing the title for best sushi in the city!, Thanks The Boston Globe for spotlighting one of Chef Messina’s favorite ingredients. If you’ve never had aji Amarillo try it in our dining room tonight!, Check out this awesome list of powerhouse female chefs from across the country courtesy of Thrillist – love seeing Boston’s own Barbara Lynch prominently featured, Upgrade your Friday night routine by joining us starting at 11pm for Chef Messina’s late-night specialties. Enjoy ramen, a cold brewski and the newest addition to the late night menu – Slow-Cooked Ribs with Nuoc Mam, Peanuts and Cilantro – all to a soundtrack Biggie himself would approve, Forget the classic New England shrimp cocktail – Chef Messina is cooking up dishes like Salt & Pepper Sweet Maine Shrimp with Charred Shishito Vinaigrette that you don’t want to miss, It may not feel like spring outside, but in our dining room Chef Messina is serving up the flavors of the season with his new Lobster Tonnato with Lichen, Spring Peas, Fried Capers & Mojama, Nothing better than some of the world’s greatest chefs recognizing that our ocean is a resource worth looking out for. Major props to these guys for exploring the ways in which bait fish can be used in fine dining http://www.grubstreet.com/2015/03/best-chefs-are-going-all-in-on-anchovies-and-sardines.html, Very interesting piece from Eater National on the future of staging – it’ll certainly be an issue to watch over the next few years, Love the enthusiasm for kimchi from Food & Wine Magazine, it’s definitely one of our favorite condiments!, Love to see so many great chefs dedicated to such a good cause. As a restaurant that relies heavily on fish we understand the importance of taking care of our oceans, Expand your dining horizons tonight with an inspired meal at our sashimi counter featuring Chef Messina’s Takoyaki (Octopus Dumplings) with Kewpie Mayonnaise, Okonomi and Katsuobushi paired with a glass of sake!, Chef Messina brought his A-game to Dana-Farber Cancer Institute's Chef Cooking for Hope event last night with Chilled Smokey Turnip-Miso Veloute with Foie Gras Terrine, Cranberry Mostarda and Sancho Pepper Crumble, Check out Chef Messina’s riff on a Chinese take-out classic, courtesy of StarChefs.com, Grab a seat at our sashimi counter tonight & enjoy dishes like Chef Messina’s Seared Squid Noodles with Burnt Ginger Oil and Shiso, Great to see an Uni alum doing so well, check out his new restaurant next time you’re in Portland, ME. Even the James Beard Foundation thinks it’s one of the best new restaurants on the block!, Our own Chef Messina will be cooking up a storm next Thursday at Dana-Farber Cancer Institute's Annual Chefs Cooking for Hope event. Get your ticket today to support a good cause while enjoying his and other local notables delicious bites!, Forget the freezing temps and get a taste of summer in our dining room with dishes like Chef Messina’s Lobster with Nori Emulsion, Osetra Caviar, Sea Grapes and Hajikami Vinaigrette, While a counterfeit fish would never slip past Chef Messina’s knowing eye, we’re loving FWx's piece on the new gadget to help detect seafood fraud – check it out for yourself, Love seeing so many of our Northeast peers on this year’s James Beard Foundation Awards long list – Boston is definitely a force to be reckoned with!, Proud to see our own Tony Messina in Zagat Boston's roundup of the city’s cutest culinary power couples - some early #ValentinesDay inspiration for all the power couples out there!, We are overwhelmingly grateful to be part of the Boston food scene as the restaurants and chefs we call our peers are finally getting the recognition they deserve. Thanks for pointing out our great city is on the rise, First We Feast, Due to today's severe weather conditions we will be closing our kitchen at 8pm tonight - sorry for any inconvenience. Stay warm, Boston!, With temperatures predicted in the ‘teens, tonight is the perfect time to join us for late night ramen! Starting at 11pm we’ll transform into a killer izakaya complete with beer, Biggie Smalls and, of course, ramen – warm up with us tonight!, Great to see an Uni alum leading his own kitchen now!, Despite the snow we’ll be open starting at 6:30 tonight! Join us for a meal that will help you forget about today’s treacherous weather., Up your potluck game for your #SuperBowl party this Sunday by bringing a batch of our sister restaurant’s Jell-O shots! Our own Ken Oringer shared Clio Restaurant's recipe with Food & Wine and we promise they’re easy to make, Due to the severe weather conditions we will be closed today and plan to reopen tomorrow with normal hours. Stay safe, Boston!, We’re braving the start of the storm and serving up a limited menu tonight – bundle up and join us!, Reminiscing about warmer days when Chef Messina was serving up dishes like this Heirloom Tomato Salad with Boquerones, Watermelon, Black Olive and Wild Maine Blueberries, Love to see others proving art and food don’t have to be all that different. Thanks for the great roundup of beautiful edibles, FWx, We’re honored to get a shout out in this NY Daily News piece all about our namesake’s growing popularity!, Chef Messina understands the nostalgia of breakfast for dinner, but doesn’t encourage you eating pancakes on your couch tonight. Check out his version of ‘breakfast’ for dinner – A5 Japanese Wagyu with Kimchee Ketchup, Potato and Quail Egg – tonight and you’ll never want to go back to the diner version of steak and eggs!, Chef Tony Messina is turning up the heat at our sushi counter with unique chiles that are sure to warm you from the inside out. Check out what we’re talking about courtesy of Nation's Restaurant News, Whoever said oysters are meant to be served cold never met a dish like Chef Messina’s Warm Kumamoto Oysters with Black Garlic Buttermilk, Pickled Shallot, Chinese Sausage-Rye Crumble and Tonburi. See what warm oysters are all about and grab a seat at our sushi counter tonight, Our New Year’s resolution is to keep serving up unique bites that will delight & surprise your palate! Join us tonight to see if we’re living up to our 2015 standards – you might even be lucky enough to try a dish made with Chef Messina’s newest toy – the Searzall!, Love to see others shaking things up in their kitchens and behind the bar. Great read from FWx on a new Philly-based project that turns invasive weeds into cocktails, Chef Tony Messina is kicking off 2015 right with tasty new dishes like Smoked Miso Brioche Pain Perdu with Osetra Caviar from Aquitaine, France, Brown Butter, Maple Syrup and just a touch of Crème Fraiche, Happy 2015, Boston! We’ll be closed today to recover from the festivities, but will reopen with normal hours tomorrow!, We’re hard at work prepping Nantucket Scallops that will make for a delicious ceviche with Blood Orange, Ras Al Hanout and Osetra Caviar on tonight’s #NYE tasting menu!, While pastry isn’t the focus of what we do in our dining room, we’re honored to have a dessert menu that’s fully stocked by Pastry Chef Monica Glass. So happy to see her getting the recognition she deserves on StarChefs.com's list of the top 10 pastry dishes of 2014, With only six days until the 2015 James Beard Foundation Awards nominations close we’re down to the wire on trying to get our main man, Tony Messina, on the long list for Best Chef Northeast. If you agree with us & think he deserves this great honor, please lend your support with your nomination today, We will be closed today for the holiday but will reopen with normal hours tomorrow. Enjoy a safe and happy holiday, Boston!, Forget this holiday season’s chocolate truffles and trade up for White Truffles from Alba, Italy in our dining room tonight, Check out Chef Tony Messina’s latest creation – Uni and Bottarga Salad with Sicilian Pistachio, Roseapple and radish!, Thanks, Eater National for giving us a great peek inside all that goes into hunting the prized White Truffle, Forget the crowded bar scene this #NYE and book a reservation with us today to enjoy a 5-course ($145/person) or 7-course ($195/person) tasting menu as you ring in 2015!, With temperatures set to drop below 30, it’s the perfect night to snuggle up with a bowl of piping hot ramen in our dining room starting at 11pm. It fills up fast but you can always grab a drink at Clio Restaurant's bar while you wait to secure your spot!, Only 20 more days to cast your James Beard Foundation Awards nominations! Please help us nominate our own, Tony Messina, for Best Chef Northeast, Share our own Ken Oringer’s affinity for Asian travel? We certainly do! Check out his travel tips & ambitions courtesy of The Boston Globe today before planning your next trip, Take one perfect bite tonight and enjoy Chef Messina’s Smoked Uni Spoon with Quail Egg Yolk, Osetra Caviar and Chives or Italian White Truffle Spoon with Nantucket Bay Scallop, Grilled Corn and Miso, #TBT to Team Uni at this year’s Autism Speaks gala – so grateful we were able to be a part of this wonderful event, After a weekend of Thanksgiving leftovers opt for more refreshing fare & enjoy a dish in our dining room like Chef Messina’s Pastrami Cured and Smoked Cobia with Pomegranate, Curry Radish and Raita, Forget Black Friday shopping this year and just make one stop to our dining room to get your loved ones the gift of an incredible meal.  A gift card to experience Chef Messina’s world-class fare is sure to please even your pickiest cousin! Call 617.536.7200 today to order a gift card or just swing by and pick one up., Happy Thanksgiving Boston! Whether you’re spending it with friends or family we hope you have a great day!, Get some Thanksgiving side dish inspiration from Chef Messina’s Brussels Sprouts with Nam Jim, Thai Herbs and Masago, When the temperature drops, what’s better than saddling up to a heaping bowl of hot ramen? Get yours tonight and tomorrow from 11 PM to 2 AM., Glamour shot of Hokkaido, the tastiest and most luxurious urchin we source., Check out an inside peek at Top Chef's Thanksgiving feast courtesy of The Boston Globe – our own Chef Ken Oringer was a guest judge!, Zagat rounds up the seven hottest new dishes in the Back Bay, including Chef Messina’s steak and eggs-inspired A5 Japanese Wagyu!, Happy weekend! Get your ramen on tonight from 11 PM to 2 AM., Feel like steak tonight? Opt for the best of the best with our A5 Japanese Wagyu Sirloin., What’s your drink of choice after a long day at work? Food & Wine highlights Chef Tony Messina’s go-to: a Gin-inspired mocktail made with juniper berries, rhubarb syrup and ginger beer., Food & Wine breaks down everything you need to know about one of Chef Messina’s go-to ingredients, fresh urchin:, Happy Friday! We're kicking off the weekend with pork belly buns, tacos and large bowls of ramen starting at 11 PM., Chef Messina packs some big flavor in this small portion. His Italian White Truffle Spoon is piled high with Peekytoe Crab, Charred Corn, Apple Cider & Miso Risotto, Pickled Apple and White Alba Truffles., We had a blast cooking for a cause at last night’s 8th Annual Autism Speaks Celebrity Chef Gala! Proud to have been in great company., Looking to continue the night after that Halloween party? End it with us for some late night bites beginning at 11:00 PM., Check out a few Chef Messina’s favorite things, from Minus 8 Vinegar to Korin - Fine Japanese Tableware and Chef Knives -Smokers, in his “Top Ten” by Mise Magazine:, We are honored to be ranked #2 in Boston Magazine’s list of 50 Best Restaurants in Boston!, Chef Messina's new A5 Japanese Wagyu preparation, accompanied by Kimchee Ketchup, Confit Potato, Lichen and Quail Egg, TGIF! Who's joining us late night? We're serving tacos, pork buns, scallion pancakes and heaping bowls of ramen starting at 11., It’s matsutake season! Chef Messina’s octopus and matsutake mushroom salad with various seaweeds, puffed faro and bottarga:, Take the gamble with our shishito peppers during late-night service, Friday and Saturday night from 11 PM to 2 AM. Odds are one in 10 will be spicy!, Have you tried our signature Smoked Uni Spoon? One flavorful bite of Smoked Urchin, Quail Egg Yolk, Osetra Caviar and Chives., We celebrate fresh seafood year-round, but October is National Seafood Month! No better time to experience one of Chef Messina’s omakase tasting menus., It’s on! We’re battling Asta for a great cause at tonight’s No Kid Hungry neighborhood food fight., Chef Messina's Shrimp Carpaccio with Brussels Sprouts, Squash and Radish, T-minus five hours until the start of this action. See you tonight!, Missed last month's Simple Sashimi class at the BCAE? 90+ Cellars has a few of his best beginner tips:, No better way to cap off a Friday night than with tacos, noodles and short rib scallion pancakes if you ask us! See you at 11 for a late night bite.
, Beautiful fall colors in Chef Messina’s Tuna Sashimi dish with Burrata, Peach and Minus 8 Vinegar:, Eater Boston sat down with Clio and Uni GM, Michael Anthony. Here's what he had to say:, Who's joining us late night? We're kicking off the weekend with tacos, scallion pancakes and heaping bowls of ramen starting at 11 PM. , We recommend eating 'em year round, but September marks the official start of oyster season and Bon Appétit Magazine has the tricks for prepping them at home. 

Care to leave it to the pros? Chef Messina amps up the flavor by topping bivalves with urchin and caviar., Pastry Chef Monica Glass is heading to sunny Arenas del mar for a week of gluten-free cooking September 13-20! More on the first of two weeks for the celiac community here: , Join us for an exclusive Champagne Billecart-Salmon dinner on September 30 – five courses and innovative pairings with North America Director Geoffrey Loisel. Call 617.536.7200 to reserve a spot!, Sashimi class is in session at the Boston Center for Adult Education! Learn beginner techniques from Chef Messina on Monday, September 15:

, Eater Boston rounds up the area’s best bao, including our Kurobuta Pork Belly Steam Bun, available during late night service, Friday and Saturday from 11 PM - 2 AM:

, Chef Messina’s Glazed Pork Belly with Hokkigai (Arctic Surf Clams), Gochugaru and Kimchee Consommé., Join Chef Messina for a sashimi lesson at the Boston Center for Adult Education on Monday, September 15!, We agree with The Savory’s ramen philosophy (or lack thereof). Slurp, spoon or sip, you’re doing it right. 
, Glamour shot of Chef Messina’s King Crab with Tamago Custard, Pork Jowl, Ikura and Corn, Boston Magazine calls Chef Messina’s “tako tacos” a must-try cephalopod special on their seven-point taco crawl. Try them late night on Fridays and Saturdays from 11:00 PM to 2:00 AM!

, Ever seen Chef Messina in action behind our compact sashimi bar? NPR is right on with this chef’s guide to mise-en-place.

, There’s no better combo than chewy cookies and creamy ice cream if you ask us. Looks like Eater Boston agrees! Join us late night for one of Pastry Chef Monica Glass’ cult-followed ice cream sandwiches: , Ramen not your thing? Zagat Boston has the details on our new late night menu including hard shell tacos and donburi, available Friday and Saturday nights from 11:00 PM to 2:00 AM. 
, Chef Messina does tomato season right. His Heirloom Tomato Salad with Boquerones, Watermelon, Black Olive and Wild Maine Blueberries: http://instagram.com/p/rTLbo-L7dx/?modal=true 
, We can’t argue with the experts… according to First We Feast, midnight dining is good for you! Swing by for some late-night sustenance this Friday and Saturday from 11:00 PM-2:00 AM.
, Chef Messina took on Chef Chris Chung of AKA Bistro Lincoln for BDCwire’s epic “Battle of the Sashimi Masters.” Watch the competition here:
, Uni Chef and Eastie resident Tony Messina fills Boston Magazine in on his hometown’s best hidden gems:, Happy National Ice Cream Sandwich Day! As if you needed another excuse to dine on one of Pastry Chef Monica Glass’ frozen treats during our late night service…, The Japan Times sheds light on the perplexing, savory flavor of umami: , Custom-made Sun Noodles are a go-to ramen ingredient for us. Eater National takes a behind-the-scenes look at the company behind some of the country’s best noodle bars:
, We’re proud to receive the Best Ramen title in Boston Magazine’s 2014 Reader’s Poll! , Our new late night menu is up and running! Come by on Friday and Saturday nights from 11 PM-2 AM for donburi, hard shell tacos, takoyaki, scallion pancakes and more. Boston Magazine has the details on what to expect after hours:, Chef Messina’s house made chicken liver soup dumplings:, Late night dining is where it’s at! Boston Magazine takes a look at some of the city’s best after-hours eats, including our late-night ramen menu. 
, Looks like we’re not the only ones coveting fresh-caught urchin. Smithsonian Magazine has the story behind a lone Norwegian diver providing the popular ingredient to many of Europe’s best restaurants., Chef Messina fills Conde Nast Traveler in on his favorite Boston-area bite:

, We’re flattered to be one of Boston Symphony Orchestra Conductor, Keith Lockhart’s favorite restaurants!
, Looks like Chef Messina’s got the right idea when it comes to incorporating Tamarind-Glazed Crickets (a superfood according to Food & Wine!) into a handful of dishes:

, A big congrats to The Eliot Hotel, Boston, one of the Top 10 Small City Hotels in the U.S. according to Travel + Leisure's World’s Best awards!, Pastry Chef Monica Glass’ ice cream sandwiches are some of Boston’s best gourmet junk foods according to Zagat! Try them Saturday at late-night ramen!, Wondering what’s sprinkled on your sashimi? Food & Wine rounds-up the experimental chefs using flavorful dusts to season plates, including Chef Messina, who uses powders to recreate the flavors of chowder., Ken Oringer goes off the beaten path with Boston Magazine in search of the best seafood in Chinatown , Get ‘em while they’re cold! Pastry Chef Monica Glass whips up creative ice cream sandwiches for late-night ramen service, some of Boston Magazine’s favorite frozen treats!, Dare to try something new? Just say the word! Chef Messina’s serving Yakitori Crickets in a tamarind glaze., We’re proud to be located in one of the country’s Top 10 Foodie Cities according to Livability.com!

, Can’t decide between Japanese and Italian fare tonight? Chef Messina combines the two in his current Tuna Sashimi preparation with burrata, peach, urfa pepper tuile and Minus 8 Vinegar, Good things come in small packages according to The Wall Street Journal. With 24 seats, we have to agree!  

, Ever had Japanese A5 Wagyu Sirloin? If not, you’re missing out on some of the world’s best steak! Try Chef Messina’s preparation with Lichen, Broccoli and Sukiyaki, a play on beef and broccoli. , Planning a getaway this summer? Swing by Meridian Food Market on your way to Logan, one of Chef Messina’s favorite under-the-radar dining destinations in East Boston. , A pretty plate by Chef Messina: Kombu-cured aka yagara with pig tail rillette, strawberry-sake gazpacho and agrumato., Want to stay up-to-date on Chef Messina’s daily-changing menu? Follow him on Instagram at @Tony_Messina1:, Savor fresh summer flavors on our dessert menu, now featuring La Rhubarbe with labne, cucumber, and Meyer lemon sake kasu: http://instagram.com/p/o2TtqCQa00/ 
 
, Need a bivalve break? Eater Boston calls our oysters some of Boston’s most creative, Chef Messina’s all about unique ingredients, including those with wings and antennae! Boston Magazine has his thoughts on edible insects: , Need a spot to cool off this summer? Boston Magazine recommends Uni, where the air conditioner is set at a fish-friendly 65 degrees., School may be out in Boston but we love this lesson in ramen history from New York University Professor George Solt: , Chef Messina’s Tuna and Foie Gras Tataki with Aji Amarillo, Black Walnuts and Rhubarb:, Chef Messina’s Miso Roasted Black Cod hasn’t made its way onto the menu, but Zagat thinks it’s worth the request. , Kick off #MemorialDay weekend with our fresh Hama Hama Oysters, served with muscat grapes, tonburi and green almond. Call (617) 536-7200 to make a reservation or find us on Soon Spoon!, Chef Messina’s Uni Sashimi with Lardo, Almond Milk and Goji
, Chef Messina sat down with Eater Boston to spill on his current favorite dishes, ingredients and more
, Think we’re just about raw food? Think again. Chef Messina offers a daily-changing list of hot options like his Miso-Roasted Black Cod with Ramp Pea Emulsion, Unagi Stuffed Morels, Asparagus, Burnt Onion and Brown Butter Powder:, Chef Messina plays with textures with his Fluke Sashimi with Lemon Agrumato, Braised Pistachio and Sea Grapes: , Planning an evening out in the Back Bay? Cap it off with one of our more than 20 sake varietals. Here’s Zagat's guide to sake consumption (the right way!): , We may be a little biased, but ramen has a place in our luxury survival kit too, Food & Wine! , A new razor clam preparation on Chef Messina’s daily-changing menu, served with romesco, marcona almonds and butter croutons:, With temperatures increasing, we keep the temperature regulated at Uni – not for our own comfort, but to keep our fish fresh and ready to serve. Come in and cool down with us!, Heading to the airport? Chef Messina recommends Meridian Market for a sandwich on the go: 
, Chef Messina’s Belgian Osetra Caviar with Labne, Bourbon Barrel Aged Maple Syrup, Dashi Dumplings and Yamamomo:, No better way to celebrate the start of the weekend than sake and sashimi! Toast to Friday with one of our more than 20 sake varietals., Channel the tropics with Chef Messina’s Madai with Passion Fruit, Thai Chile and Cucumber, We’re inspired by  Motoi Yamamoto’s salt artwork! Chef Messina transforms the seasoning in a different way, enhancing dishes with housemade green tea, hibiscus, and smoked Viking salts., Chef Messina’s beautifully plated Squid with Fish Sauce Caramel, Spicy Peanuts, Ramps and Black Vinegar, We’re glad to be Jamie Bissonnette’s starting point for a delicious evening in Boston. Thanks for the shout-out on Conde Nast Traveler, Jamie!
, Beautiful photos of Chef Messina’s menu from Urban Foodie Finds here:, Luck and love, Marathoners. We’ll see you as you close in on the finish line!, Uni is the new bacon according to Food & Wine. Can’t say we disagree! Chef Messina uses our namesake ingredient as the highlight of his smoked Uni Spoon and Uni Sashimi, You know spring has officially arrived when pickled fiddleheads and pickled rhubarb are plated alongside Chef Tony Messina’s Venison Tataki!, Looking for a last-minute reservation this weekend? Find us on Soon Spoon!, Chef Tony Messina’s Instagram account (follow along @tony_messina1) is a great source for food photo inspiration. Food & Wine and Daniel Krieger have the DIY tips for shooting your own plates in style, We’re honored to be in great company on Opinionated About Dining's list of the Top 100 US Restaurants for 2014:, Next Monday, April 14th at Mike's City Diner, join Ken Oringer, Monica Glass and other area chefs at United for Boston’s Own, a chef-inspired dinner to support the Walsh-Kennedy Memorial Fund. Tickets here:, Fan of Japanese whisky like the team at Eatocracy? Todd offers Hibiki and Yamazaki whiskies for those who can’t make the trip to Japan. , Want to recreate umami flavors at home? Bon Appetit suggests adding these umami boosting ingredients: , Cure that case of the Mondays with one of Chef Messina’s omakase offerings! A long day at the office always warrants an A5 Wagyu Sirloin menu supplement if you ask us., An interesting read on the innovative noodles at NYC ramen spots, Sapporo and Ramen Ya. Chef Messina keeps things interesting with vegetarian, umami and traditional bowls on our late-night ramen menu:, Chef Messina’s Takoyaki (octopus dumplings) with Okonomi Sauce, Ginger & Katsuobushi in the works at last night’s Boston Magazine #FoodBazaar, Why hello there, ultimate food adventurer! Join our very own Chef Tony Messina at Boston Magazine's #FoodBazaar this evening! Find tickets and info here:, New to Chef Messina’s menu: brown butter seared abalone with Iberico pepperoni xo, beluga lentils, and pickled allium, We love being part of a city with such wide-ranging dining options. Agree? Help make Boston one of Food & Wine's Favorite Food Cities!, Save room for dessert? We suggest Pastry Chef Monica Glass' Japanese Miso Cheesecake with fresh cranberries, “Dipping Dots” and banana ice cream. The Japanese version is fluffier than traditionally flourless American cheesecake., Heading to Boston for Seafood Expo North America on Sunday? End your day with a sampling of the frame-worthy sashimi dishes on Chef Messina's omakase tasting menus!, Channel spring with the bright, citrusy flavors of Chef Messina's Tai Ceviche with spicy centrifuged blood orange, myoga and radishes., We’re on the ballot for DigBoston's #digThis awards in the Sushi and Food After Midnight categories! Vote here:, Craving beef and broccoli? Try Chef Messina’s A5 Japanese Wagyu with Lichen, Broccoli and Sukiyaki for a delicious, elevated approach on the classic combo., Beautiful photos of Chef Messina’s omakase menu thanks to Tiny Urban Kitchen:, Skip the floral arrangement and treat your date to the edible blooms in Chef Messina’s Kinmedai with Rosehips, Smoked Creme Fraiche and Pickled Allium Buds., We're big fans of Serious Eats’ truths for every myth about oysters, including advice to pair bivalves with sake! Chef Messina’s Ichabod Flats pair well with our 20+ sake varietals., Celebrate the start of a new week with our Sake Bomb Special! Four courses of sashimi plus sake and Sapporo for $35.00, every Sunday and Monday from 5:30 to 10:00 PM., It’s Friday! Treat yourself to Chef Messina’s Duet of Hamachi Loin and Belly with red shiso, Perigord truffle and pork belly croutons., Looking to test your sashimi skills? Try Chef Messina’s recipe for Hawaiian Style Tuna Poke in  Natural Solutions Magazine:, We love The Guardian's guide to salt as a flavor enhancer. Chef takes it to the next level with flavored versions (think: green tea, hibiscus, Viking-smoked)., New to Chef Messina's menu: Chilled Uni Chawanmushi with Lobster, Bottarga and Urfa Paper., Food & Wine compares Chef Messina’s buffalo-inspired Kanpachi Sashimi to a work of art and we agree! , Head to Boston Wine Expo 2/16 to sample Chef Messina's Tuna Tataki with risotto & truffles!, Todd isn’t the only person who uses the centrifuge under this roof! Chef Messina's Tai ceviche with spicy centrifuged blood orange, myoga and radishes:, We’d love your support by voting for our Late-Night Ramen in Boston Magazine's Reader’s Poll! Cast your votes here: , We can’t get enough of this film depiction of an “explosion of flavors.” Chef Messina’s Uni Sashimi would set off pyrotechnic blasts of cocoa, huckleberry and balsamic., In town on February 16th? Head to the Seaport Hotel Boston for Chef Messina's Boston Wine Expo demo! Tuna Tataki with cider-miso risotto and black truffle, anyone?, Gearing up for Late-Night Ramen tonight from 11 PM to 2 AM. Who's coming by for some after hours eats?, Talk about good things in small packages! Chef Messina’s Smoked Uni Spoon packs the flavors of smoked urchin, quail egg yolk, osetra caviar & chives into one bite-sized mouthful., Can’t say we agree with the old idiom “nothing good happens after midnight.” Looks like BostInno is on our side of the argument!, Looking to treat yourself at dinner tonight? Try our rare A5 Japanese Wagyu Sirloin with Lichen, Broccoli and Sukiyaki., Turn end-of-weekend blues into a celebration of the week to come with our Sake Bomb Special - four courses and a sake bomb for $35.00 every Sunday and Monday night from 5:30-10 PM., A beautiful selection of photos from Brian Samuels Photography’s Edible Boston profile of Chef Messina:, Chef Messina's latest creation: Miso Bone Marrow Custard with Escargot, Cocoa and Kabayaki Jus, Take a little bite of truffle heaven with Chef Messina's Truffle Spoon (Nantucket Bay Scallop, Miso Risotto), What’s your #resolution for 2014? Chef Tony Messina resolves to put ideas on paper and stay organized. via BostInno:, What better way to spend a snowy night than dining on sashimi? Join us for dinner from 5:30 to 10:00 PM. #OpenInBos, Happy New Year from the entire Uni Sashimi Bar team!, Tomorrow is the last day to submit nominations for the 2014 James Beard Foundation Awards. We'd be honored to have your support in nominating Chef Tony Messina for Best Chef Northeast! Vote for all your favorite chefs and restaurants here:, Haven’t had Chef Messina's flavored salts? You're missing out! Restaurant Hospitality Magazine says house-made spices are a trend that can’t be ignored!, Looking to stay out of the kitchen on Christmas Eve? Head to Clio Restaurant for a prix fixe feast tomorrow night. We're taking Christmas Day off to celebrate with friends and family. Happy holidays!, Looking for some late-night fare on the cheap? Our Late-Night Ramen makes Thrillist's list of Boston’s best after-hours dining:, Two more weeks to submit nominations for James Beard Foundation awards! We’d love your support in nominating Tony Messina for Best Chef, Northeast., New and not to be missed on Chef Messina’s menu at Uni: Venison Tataki with Pomegranite, Pasnip, Umeboshi and Tsukudani, A fiery look at what Chef Messina's up to today - burning some licorice root:, Chef Messina's got a lot more up his sleeve than sashimi. Check out his A5 Wagyu Sirloin with crispy lichen, sukiyaki puree & broccoli (photo via Tiny Urban Kitchen):, Looking for some healthy pre-holiday fare? Try channeling your inner sashimi chef with Chef Messina's Hawaiian Style Tuna Poke recipe (p. 17):, If you think Chef Tony Messina's work is as outstanding as we do, we'd appreciate your support in nominating him for James Beard Foundation Best Chef, Northeast. Vote here:, Fresh seafood is our #1 priority, so we love the way Shimon and Tammar Photography captured fish in Eric Ripert's On the Line:, Looking for weekend food/fun? Metro Boston has your field guide to Chef Messina's Late-Night Ramen menu, available every Friday and Saturday night from 11 PM-2 AM:, Excited to welcome late-night #MBTA service in 2014! Looking forward to feeding lots of T-riding ramen fans. via The Boston Globe, Bummed to see the Turkey Day feasting come and go? Indulge again with our Sake Bomb Special - four courses, sake and Sapporo for $35.00, every Sunday and Monday from 5:30 to 10:00 PM!, Sorry, sashimi fans. We’re taking the night off for Thanksgiving, 11/28, but swing by Clio Restaurant for dinner/drinks if you’re looking to skip the family feast!, Restaurant Hospitality chats with Chef Messina about his omakase offerings at Uni, a menu style gaining momentum nation-wide:, Happy Friday, all! Come in late night for some heaping bowls of ramen, steamed boa and sake bombs., Want to serve fish for the holidays? Chef Messina provides his tips to help you navigate the fish counter: 

(via The Boston Globe), #TGIF! Start your weekend right by joining us for some Late-Night Ramen, pork buns, shishitos and plenty of sake from 11 PM-2 AM., Turn to page 82 of the most recent issue of Edible Boston for an in-depth look at Chef Messina's work behind our sashimi bar:, Drooling over David Kinch’s Tokyo dining recommendations but can’t make the trip? Channel Japan with Chef Messina1’s omakase tasting menus instead. (via The New York Times), As fans of the late-night dining/cocktail movement, we second David Wondrich’s ode to the nightcap, via Esquire. May we suggest a Wong’s Grog?, Chef Messina's Ginger Scallion Squid Noodles with myoga, quince, and sesame:, Too cold out for alfresco food truck dining? Boston Magazine suggests taking to the indoors for riffs on classic street foods like our Steamed Bao and parmaesan-infused ramen:, Skilled sushi chefs are on the rise according to The New York Times. http://nyti.ms/1hrCpkD Proud to have Chef Messina demonstrating the art behind our sashimi bar!, Big weekend for #RedSox fans! Start it off with a steaming bowl of Late-Night Ramen, tonight from 11PM to 2AM., We’re wowed by the realistic look of these ramen cakes, but we think we’ll stick with the savory version… via Kotaku, Applewood-Smoked Uni Spoons, Loved seeing our Steamed Boa and Winter Point Oysters in Boston Magazine’s November “Where to Eat, Right Now” guide! Congrats to all included., Scorpion fish waiting for Chef Messina's prep, Did you know 1 in 12 shishito peppers is packed with heat? Come and test your luck at Late-Night Ramen, 11 PM - 2 AM!, No dinner plans? Try our Sake Bomb Special! Four-courses, Sapporo and sake for $35.00 from 5:30 to 10 PM., Kale’s okay in our book, but can’t say we’d be sad to see fish sauce take over as the States’ ingredient of the moment., The Boston Globe dubs our Late-Night Ramen "The Night Owl" of Boston's noodle scene. Haven't experienced it yourself? Swing by Friday or Saturday night from 11PM-2AM for a bowl of your own, plus some sake and Sapporo, of course!, Gizmodo has the inside scoop on how NaCl became a tableside staple. Chef Messina brings it to the next level with green tea, hibiscus, fennel pollen & smoked Viking salts!, It's that time of week again! See you late-night for some noodle-y goodness, 11PM - 2AM., The New York Times' Jeff Gordinier calls fish tacos a “near perfect” dish and we have to agree. Ours are topped with avocado crema and charred tomato salsa. http://nyti.ms/17t59VG, Turn that case of the Mondays around with our Sake Bomb Special: Four courses, Sapporo beer and a shot of sake for $35.00 until 10 PM., Rolling out our Late-Night Ramen line-up tonight from 11PM to 2AM! Swing by for your weekly dose of noodles, booze and buns., Not sure what to order at dinner tonight? Let Chef Messina do the choosing with his omakase tasting menu. A sneak peek at some of the menu’s star proteins:, Looking for a place to celebrate #NationalSakeDay? Look no further. We're proud to offer more than 20 sake varieties to suit your celebratory needs!, These little beauties made an appearance at Late-Night Ramen this weekend courtesy of Pastry Chef Monica Glass: Black & White Ice Cream Sandwiches with sesame cookies and jasmine rice ice cream., Got a case of the Mondays? Try the never-fail solution: Four courses of sashimi and a sake bomb, available for $35.00 from 5:30-10PM., It's that time of week again! Here's a little preview of what's to come tonight..., Umami is a key to our ramen broth, so we’re big fans of Bon Appétit Magazine's guide to at-home umami boosters:, Chef Messina's bag of tricks (Photo by Brian Samuels Photography), Check out Serious Eats' round-up of ramen styles. Our traditional bowls blend dashi/chicken broth with pork, miso, grated ginger, daikon, scallion and a two-hour egg., Looking to add a talented Sashimi Assistant to our team. Email resumes to Tony Messina at tmessina@cliorestaurant.com to apply. Full details:, Hello, weekend! Who's joining us for some Late-Night Ramen action tonight? Noodles, buns and sake bombs coming your way from 11PM-2AM., Can you tell the difference between US & Japanese sake? Tasting 101 from Smithsonian's Food and Think blog:, Digging these photos of Tokyo’s Tsukiji Fish Market, the city’s largest + busiest provider of 400 kinds of seafood, via Eater:, Capping off the weekend with our Sake Bomb Special: Four courses, Sapporo and sake for $35.00 from 5:30-10:00 PM. Who's joining us? #SundayFunday, Heads-up, ramen fans! Due to a private event, we won't be serving Late-Night Ramen on Saturday night. Swing by tomorrow night from 11PM-2AM to get your weekend fix!, Chef Messina's Japanese Shime Saba with variations of carrot, nori emulsion and harissa, Still a little sleepy from Boston Calling this weekend? How ‘bout some sake to take the edge off? Come in for four courses + Sapporo + sake for $35 from 5:30-10., T minus 6 hours 'til tonight's Late Night Ramen spread! Drop in after hours for a little bit of this:, Your stop-motion peek at Uni sashimi prep (video produced by Katy Jordan):, Missed our BBQ-themed ice cream sandwiches last weekend? Just Add Cheese sampled enough for all of us. Here's what she thought:, Are ramen burgers the new cronut? Think we’ll stick with the slurp-able variety… Grub Street has the deets on this & other noodle trends:, Chef Messina's Mategai and Hokkigai with Squid Ink Chowder, Freeze-Dried corn and Bacon Powder, Bring it on, Labor Day Weekend! We've got tricks up our sleeves for Late Night Ramen tonight. Swing by 11PM-2AM to sample a couple of these bad boys:, Time to fill up on the best of summer before it's over! Cross tomatoes and fried seafood off your end-of-season bucket list with Chef Messina's Local Heirloom Tomatoes and XO Fried Clams:, Attention ramen fans! This weekend's menu gets some BBQ flare in honor of Labor Day thanks to cookout-themed ice cream sandwiches by pastry goddess, Monica Glass. Come by Friday/Saturday 11PM-2AM for:

-Smoked Brown Sugar Cookies with Tomato Peach Sorbet
-Corn Cookies with Brown Butter Ice Cream, Chef Messina's Tuna Sashimi, tricked out with all the best accompaniments, of course:, Chef Messina's got some Sukiyaki Consommé in the works... Happy Friday to us!, The money bite:, Couldn't catch our Sake Bomb Special last night? Come in for the same deal tonight from 5:30-10: Four courses, sake and Sapporo for $35. Hello, Monday Funday!, BEST way to cap off the weekend? We vote sake bombs. Come in from 5:30 to 10 PM for four courses, Sapporo + sake for $35.00, every Sunday night!, Ramen part deux tonight! Who's joining for some late night noodle/pork bun action?, Calling all ramen fans!! We're dishing out heaping bowls of this stuff from 11 PM - 2 AM., Guess where our heads are at... (Get here 11 PM - 2 AM if you're feeling the same way!), Have you nailed down plans for Restaurant Week? Swing by Uni for dinner - three courses for $38.13!, Scallop Sashimi with Celery Jus, Ikura, Smoke and Candied Bacon Jam:, Heads up, sashimi fans: We will no longer be offering our Sake Bomb Special on Tuesdays. Get here Sunday and Monday nights instead! $35 for a four-course prix fixe, sake and Sapporo from 5:30 to 10 PM., Ramen tonight! Who's coming by for some late-night eats 11-2?, Pumped to be named Boston's Best Ramen by Boston Magazine! http://www.bostonmagazine.com/best-of-boston/2013/category/2013-restaurants-food/, Chef Messina's new Fluke Ceviche: kombucha ceviche, blueberry sponge, hitachino compressed peach, Chef Messina's Hawaiian-Style Tuna Poke (sesame, mung bean sprouts, ginger, negi), 5:47 on a Friday afternoon... guess what we're dreaming about? Come by 11 PM-2 AM to get your fix!, Bluefin Tuna Ribs tonight at Uni!, Kumamoto Oysters, Darjeeling, Melon, Spent the day dreaming about getting in on some of this action? Us too. Come by 11PM-2AM for your ramen fix., Lobster season is the best season. Get your shell fish fix with our Maine Lobster Tempura with Singapore Black Pepper Chili Sauce:, A glimpse at Chef Messina's thought process when creating our omakase menus (think: less counting sheep, more dreaming up sauce/fish combos) via Metro Boston:, Tony's Tuna and Foie Gras Tataki with strawberry, lavender and green almond, Monday blues, meet sake bombs! No better way to get out of that early week funk than four courses, Sapporo and sake, available for $35 from 5:30 to 10 PM., How 'bout a sake bomb to spice up your Tuesday night? Get four courses plus a Sapporo and sake for $35 until 10 PM!, Pumped to receive Improper Bostonian Magazine's Boston's Best Sushi title for always making it "Ken Oringer style.", Finally sunny! There goes your only excuse not to be out late night! Join us 11PM-2AM for a little of this action:, Abalone, mazeman, crab and quail egg, Cap off your night with some Late Night Ramen action! Noodles, booze and buns coming your way 11-2., Todd and Mary G behind the bar at Clio Restaurant tonight - stop by for some sips before your sashimi!, Chef Messina's working with these little beauties tonight - Percebes (gooseneck barnacles) only at Uni., Holy toro!, Scenes from last night's dinner (photo courtesy Cassandra Landry):, We may be in a college town, but our Late Night Ramen is a far cry from the typical students’ go-to meal. See for yourself this weekend, 11PM-2AM., Over your lackluster dinner plans? Try out Sake Bomb Special Sunday through Tuesday - four courses plus Sapporo and sake for $35 from 5:30 to 10 PM., Cheers to Ramen night! How 'bout a sake/pork bun combo to start the weekend off right? See you at 11!, Check out Pastry Chef Monica Glass' Violet Vacherin (Chocolate Crumbles, Candied Violets, Coconut Cream, Violet Meringue), one of many insane dishes to dub her one of Food & Wine's Best New Pastry Chefs of 2013! http://www.foodandwine.com/slideshows/desserts-from-the-best-new-pastry-chefs-2013/5, There's still time to support The One Fund Boston by bidding in the Boston Bites Back action! Check out some of the incredible auction items that could be yours:, Back in action with late night Ramen tonight! Who's coming by for some of this?, Sorry, folks. No Ramen tonight! Taking a brief break from Thursday night Ramen for the season but we'll be making noodles in full force tomorrow and Saturday., We're taking a haitus from Thursday night Ramen for the season, beginning tomorrow night. See you all on Friday and Saturday from 11 PM-2 AM!, Serving up four courses and a sake bomb for $35.00 tonight from 5:30-10 PM. Who's in!?, Countdown to Ramen is ON! See you all 11-2., Beautiful night to slurp noodles at Uni!, Never too early to day dream about Ramen... Who's joining us tonight?, An inside peek at our late night Ramen menu from BosGuy Blog:, Happy Mother's Day, all! How 'bout showing some Mother's Day love with four courses and a sake bomb? Available for $35.00 from 5:30-10., Heaping bowls of Ramen coming at ya from 11 PM to 2 AM tonight! Never been? Here's what you're in for:, An inside look at some of our sourcing and Chef Messina's urchin prep from Boston Common Magazine:, There's still time to buy your tickets for Boston Bites Back, an epic night to benefit The One Fund Boston with 100 chefs and amazing auction items at Fenway Park! Full details here:, Beautiful night for some late night noodles if you ask us! Dishing out Ramen 11-2., Kicking off this weekend's late night Ramen lineup tonight from 11 PM to 2 AM! Come by for noodles, pork buns and the like., Chef Messina's Salmon Headcheese with Black Garlic Goddess Emulsion, Crispy Renkon and Fennel Pollen Salt., Celebrating Sunday night with four courses and a sake bomb for $35. Who's in?, TGIF! Time for Ramen part dos! Who's joining us late night?, Ramen tonight 11-2! Who's coming by for a little bit of this?, Pumped to be one of USA TODAY Travel's picks for the 10 best Japanese restaurants in Boston!, How 'bout some sake to cure those Monday night blues? Come by for four courses and a sake bomb for $35 from 5:30 to 10 PM., No Ramen tonight due to the ongoing security situation in Boston. A limited dinner menu is available at Clio for those looking for a meal. Stay safe, everyone., We'll be closed for Ramen tonight due to the nature of this week. Back in action tomorrow and Saturday, 11 PM to 2 AM!, We're open for dinner tonight but due to the restricted areas in the Back Bay we are unable to provide valet service. Thinking of all those affected by yesterday's events., Rainy days are the best days for ramen if you ask us... See you late night!, Tony's Hamachi Toro ready to eat, Ramen 11-2 tonight! Swing by to slurp noodles and sling back sake with us., Chef Tony Messina's carving up some Tobiuo (flying fish) for dinner service tonight., Chef Messina killin it with Kampachi in the COUP Boston Food Issue! (pg. 37), Proud to be included in Foodie.com's list of Top 100 Restaurants in the USA!, Ramen tonight 11-2! Never been? Deets from Bon Appétit Magazine on what you're missing:, Ramen tonight 11-2! Seal the deal with one of Monica's ice cream sammies AND a vote in her favor for Food & Wine's People's Best New Pastry Chef. http://www.foodandwine.com/the-peoples-pastry-east, Psyched that $10 of The Frugal Traveler's $100 in Boston were spent on a heaping bowl of Short-Rib Kimchi Ramen! The full line-up here via The New York Times:, Had some of Monica's unreal desserts? If not, get your ass to Clio and Uni to see what you're missing and vote NOW to crown her Food & Wine's People's Best New Pastry Chef!, So proud of our crazy-talented pastry chef, Monica Glass, who's up for Food & Wine's The People's Best New Pastry Chef title! Cast your vote here:, Coming for Ramen tonight? Here's a sneak peek at what's to come from the crew at Boston Magazine:, Chef Messina's new Kampachi dish: Amberjack from Kona, black sesame, choya, goji & pickled oranges, Some bad ass shots of Friday night's Ramen spread from Matt Duckor of Bon Appétit Magazine:, Ramen round dos starts tonight at 11 PM. Be there to get in on some of this action:, You can't get it at Logan (sorry, Grub Street) but we are rollin' out steaming bowls of Ramen tonight from 11-2. Be there., Countdown to ramen is on! A peek at last week's late-night menu:, Green beer is overrated. Break the mold and celebrate St. Paddy at Uni this Sunday with some sake and Sapporo instead., Monday nights suck but sake bombs make everything better! Come by for four courses and a bomb for $35 before 10 PM., We've got your weekend plans covered. Friday: Late night ramen, Saturday: Ramen round dos, Sunday: Four courses and a sake bomb for $35. 

You can thank us later., Doing our thing 11-2 tonight to kick off the weekend early! Come by for bowls of ramen, sake bombs and beers., The kind of history we can get into - A quick lesson in the origins of ramen from The Huffington Post and Thrillist:, Sick of your dried packs of ramen noodles? The Daily Meal has the dish on some kick-ass variations, including Vegetarian Ramen from yours truly. http://www.thedailymeal.com/4-twists-ramen, A little Late Night Ramen magic on film..., Take a break from The Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences/ The Oscars for four courses and a sake bomb! Available 5:30-10 for $35., Ramen tonight! Get here for the usual spread (noodles, sake, beers and buns) starting at 11., Too early to be dreaming about one of these little babies? Pastry Chef Monica Glass' goat's milk caramel ice cream in a salted coffee cookie sandwich - kick-ass ending to a pork bun and Ramen feast., How 'bout a sake bomb to spice up your Tuesday night? Four courses and a bomb available for $35 from 5:30-10:00 tonight., Ramen tonight! Come on in after 11 for plentiful pours of sake and beer and hot bowls of noodles.

And while you're at it, vote for Uni for Best Sushi Restaurant in Boston Phoenix's Best 2013! Have your say here:, Chef Messina's Takoyaki is back at Uni! A little preview:, Monica Glass is reppin' Clio and Uni as a contender for Eater Boston's Hottest Chefs! Weigh in here:, We're sake bombing tonight! Four courses, sake and Sapporo available for $35.00 from 5:30-10., We're open tonight! No late night Ramen but escape the cold for some hot bites and cool cocktails., No Ramen tonight, but swing by Clio after 5:30 for a limited bar menu! Blizzard or not, we know how to have a good time., Get your noodle fix tonight starting at 11 before the storm hits! We won't be serving Ramen tomorrow night due to impending weather. Stay tuned for more Nemo-related updates!, Chef Messina's cooking up some Takoyaki!, Beat the cold with round dos of noodles and beers tonight. All the usual goods available after 11!, Ramen tonight! Swing by after 11 for a hot & steamy bowl of this:, Our Veggie Ramen made the list of best bowls in Boston Magazine's Asian Dining Guide! Thanks for the shout-out, TJ!, Proud to announce that The Eliot Hotel, Boston is one of US News & World Report's Top 10 Hotels in Boston! Full list (and a late night Ramen shout-out!) via Boston Magazine:, Too early to start dreaming of sake bombs? We think not... Get in here for four courses plus sake & Sapporo tonight from 5:30-10., Heaping bowls of Ramen comin' your way after 11! Who's coming for night tres?, Kicking off Ama Ebi season!, Monday funday tonight with sake bomb specials available 5:30-10!, Our proven remedy for this 20 degree weather:, Chef Messina's take on Marlin, Grapefruit, Hearts of Palm and Fennel:, Persimmon Boquerons at Uni through Pastry Chef Monica Glass' eyes (a thing of beauty if we do say ourselves!)..., Sake bomb special (4 courses and a bomb for $35) available from 5:30-10! A little cheat sheet for the less-informed:, One less thing to figure out today? Your weekend plans!

Friday: Ramen 11-1
Saturday: Ramen 11-1
Sunday: Three courses & a sake bomb for $35

Deets on the latter here. Thank us later., Dishing out bowls of Ramen from 11-1 tonight! If there's a better way to kick-start your weekend we don't know about it..., Giddy over A+ Wagyu on the menu. Certificate and all - it's official!, Ramen tonight! Swing by late night for noodles and drinks after 11., Thanks for another awesome season! Psyched for more fun with fish in 2013., Some of what Chef Messina's working with today:, According to Zagat Survey, our wine list is a winner! Proud to be in great company:, End your weekend with a bang (on the table) with Sake Bomb Sundays (4-course prix fixe menu + Sapporo & Sake for $35). Available every Sunday from 5:30 to 10!, TV Diner has the dish on our fresh Uni, served in the shell and topped with citrus rice and mustard seed:, Dishing out Ramen round dos tonight! Noodles, Pork Slap & sake bombs on the menu after 11., Power outage in Cambridge keeping you on this side of the river? Hit us up for late night ramen starting at 11!, Proud to have been named one of Zagat Survey's 5 Best Hotel Restaurants, in good company with Clio Restaurant!, Happy Thanksgiving! We're thankful for our loyal Facebook peeps this year. Stay up to date with Uni specials/menus during the holidays & beyond with these quick steps:

1) Go to the Uni Sashimi Bar page
2) Click the gear symbol next to the "Message" button
3) Click "Add to Interest Lists", The Boston Globe is giving thanks for our late night Ramen this Thanksgiving! Psyched to be a part of this Turkey Day round-up., Traditional Umami, Shortrib Kimchi, Roast Kabocha and Maitake Ramen on the menu tonight. Come by for some noodle-slurping and sake bombing starting at 11!, Proud to be named one of the 10 Best Restaurants in Boston by Zagat Survey!, Who’s coming for Ramen tonight? Serving up noodles, pork/ duck buns, Pastry Chef Monica Glass's ice cream sammies & these bad boys:, Debuting vegetarian Ramen like none you've ever seen tonight. Check it out after 11!, Psyched to be named one of Boston Magazine's 50 Best Restaurants 2012!, Closed for the night due to the storm. Head to Clio Restaurant in the meantime!, Chef Ken Oringer's pick for the nation's best Chinese take-out comes from right here in Boston! via The Daily Meal, Need some weekend dining inspiration? Check out Tiny Urban Kitchen on the Chef's Tasting Menu at Uni:, Boston University TasteBUds thanks for checking out Ramen at Uni!, Come in for Ramen starting at 11! Serving up noodles, apps & drinks late-night., A perfectly timed write-up on late night Ramen to prep us for tonight:, It's that time of week again! Prepping for Friday night Ramen. $10 a bowl (plus buns, sake & cocktails) after 11., Today's National Sake Day! As if we need an excuse to sip it down or throw it back (if sake bombs are more your speed)... Check out our recommended varieties here:, The keys to making Dashi (the Japanese stock used in our vegetable tempura dipping sauce & pureed in our Mirugai Tempura) from Fine Dining Lovers:, Gearing up for our Friday night favorites: sake bombs, pork buns & Ramen! Who's with us?, Late night Ramen at Uni is one of Boston's best off-the-radar deals according to Zagat. We're counting down the hours until this weekend's Ramen..., Check out The Boston Globe's write-up on Boston's late-night Asian dining scene, including deets on late night Ramen at Uni!, Something to think about for tonight..., Countdown is on for tonight's late-night ramen. Make a night out of it with cocktails & dinner at Clio Restaurant first. Ramen can be dessert, right?, Uni's late night Ramen, sake cocktails & fresh menu landed us a spot on Gadling's list of Boston bars that transport you:, Happy Friday aka late night Ramen day at Uni! Spend your Friday night slurping noodles & sipping sake starting at 11 PM., Uni Ramen made Serious Eats' Harvard University and Massachusetts Institute of Technology (MIT) dining guide! At $10 a pop, Umami Ramen is the perfect late night fix., Before he was mixing up drinks here, Todd Maul was sneaking them from his parents' cabinet... Serious Eats has the details:, BostInnovation.com says Ken Oringer is one of Boston's 14 best chefs on Twitter:, Ever wondered what Todd Maul would be up to if he wasn't wowing us with cocktail creations? 

via Serious Eats, Company teambuilding at our cocktail classes? Sign us up! Sounds a lot better than the name game...

via BizBash, Our own Chris Gould took home the gold at the Lobster World Series with his butter-basted bug, corn and sweet miso puree, roasted fingerling potatoes, cinnamon-and-hay smoked carrots and piquillo pepper sauce. via Boston.com, Ten hour countdown to late night Ramen begins! Dreaming of sake bombs and pork buns..., Clinking glasses in celebration of Julia Child's 100th today., Come in after 11pm for your late night Ramen fix! Serving up traditional and umami noodles plus snacks like shishito peppers and pork buns., According to The Boston Globe, Uni’s late-night ramen is so “in.” Devra First’s picks for Boston’s in, out and upcoming restaurant trends:, Happy birthday to Uni Chef Ken Oringer!, Honored to have made the list! Food and Wine Magazine's picks for Boston dining:, Zagat has named the Top 5 Japanese restaurants in Boston and Uni came in #2!  The review notes "the "impeccably fresh" sashimi prepared at this "cutting-edge” Ken Oringer sibling to Clio in the Back Bay’s Eliot Hotel". http://ow.ly/cF373, RT @Chrisgould1: Coriander crusted BBQ bluefin tuna ribs with xo sauce and kinome http://t.co/jjoFa3rU, RT @Chrisgould1: Seared Bluefin o toro with Burgundy escargot, petit pomme de terre and wild herbs http://t.co/FHJGX9de, Late Night Ramen tonight and tomorrow night starting at 11pm @UniSashimi - come try our unami ramen for yourself! http://ow.ly/cobws, Chef Chris Gould serves an ultra savory umami ramen noodle dish @UniSashimi in Boston, via Nation's Restaurant News. http://ow.ly/cmsVw,  @UniSashimi is one of Boston's 10 Best Restaurants according to @Zagat!  http://t.co/264uQOeM, Uni Sashimi Bar will be closed on Wednesday for the Fourth of July holiday., Late Night Ramen at Uni, tonight and tomorrow after 11:00pm., Late Night Ramen, tonight after 11 pm.  Doesn't that sound good?, It's never too early for dessert: Bitter Chocolate Ganache w/ strawberry, malt & olive oil from our Pastry Chef Chris Cordeiro., Check out The Improper's Summer Dining issue with Boston’s top seafood dishes from restaurants like Uni Sashimi Bar!, Uni will be closed tonight for a private event: Clio's 15th Anniversary Party., @chefrodrigues: Finally got picoroco back in Clio and Uni!, Join us for Late Night Ramen, tonight and tomorrow, starting at 11pm., Uni will be closed this evening for Memorial Day.  Hope you all have a great day!, Join us for Late Night Ramen, tonight and tomorrow, starting at 11pm.  Sounds like the perfect start to a holiday weekend!, Tomorrow night, 5/17, is the last Thursday for late-night ramen until September. Starting next week, we'll be doing late-night ramen on Fridays and Saturdays. Thursdays will be back after Labor Day., Pork belly steambun to go along with your Late Night Ramen, perhaps?  Tonight after 11pm., Late Night Ramen @UniSashimi.  You know you want some. This could be yours tonight after 11:00pm., Just 3 hours until Late Night Ramen!, What a great honor! Uni was named the #1 restaurant in Boston & New England on the Opiniated About Dining Survey! http://ow.ly/aeDi5, Late Night Ramen @UniSashimi 11:00pm - 2:00am tonight!  Don't miss out., Asparagus and tairigai salad, It's Thursday, which means it's time for Late Night Ramen!  Tonight through Saturday, after 11:00pm, come and get some ramen!, Congratulations to Chef Ken Oringer, named to Boston Magazine's list of the 50 Most Powerful People in Boston for 2012! http://ow.ly/9U9sS, Check out the menu for Restaurant Week at Uni Sashimi Bar.  Call 617.536.7200 for reservations.  http://ow.ly/9KwR1, We're baaaaaack!  The power is on and Chris is prepping for dinner service.  Come see us tonight., Due to the #BackBayBlackout, @unisashimi and @clioboston will be closed this evening., null, null, Late Night Ramen tonight starting at 11:00pm!  First come, first served so plan accordingly., Late night ramen tonight!  Come join us after 11:00pm., Did you miss our inaugural week of late night ramen?  Don't worry, we'll be serving it every Thursday, Friday & Saturday at 11:00pm.  It's first-come, first-served so start making your plans now!, RT @kenoringer: @Jamiebiss makes Uni's first ramen night's noodles!!! Come in after 10:30 tonight., Check out some of the items on Uni's new menu!  http://ow.ly/8Uk6D, It's all starting to come together!, The new Uni Sashimi Bar is almost ready!, Only one day left to enjoy salmon sashimi, Japanese barbecued skate wing or Kobe beef tataki as part of our Restaurant Week menu! 

3 courses by Chef's Ken Oringer and Chris Gould for only $33.11. Call (617)536-7200 for a reservation and check out the menu at http://bit.ly/cqv96t!, It's week #2 of Restaurant Week! 3 courses by Chef's Ken Oringer and Chris Gould for only $33.11. Call (617)536-7200 for a reservation and check out the menu at http://bit.ly/cqv96t!, Haven't made a reservation for Restaurant Week yet? There's a couple of openings tonight at Uni! Three courses including dessert for only $33.11! Call 617. 536.7200 to save your spot and check out the menu at http://bit.ly/cqv96t, It's Sunday and that means it's sake bomb time! Four courses of custom sashimi plus a sake bomb for only $35! Stop by!, Mediterranean Sea Bream (Madai) with cucumber, jalapeño, roasted corn and piquillo peppers., Hooray! It's #sakebomb Sunday! An ice-cold Sapporo with a shot of sake and 4 courses of innovative sashimi for only $35! Call 617.536.7200 to save your spot!, Thanks to The Feast Boston for listing Uni Sashimi and Clio as a great place to get your tiki-drink fix!  , Our 9-course sake dinner feat. some of the best sakes by Kenji Ichishima is tonight and there are a few spots left! Check out the menu: http://t.co/pYY3Eio and call 617.536.7200 to save your seat!, Worth a second look: Check out Chef Chris Gould's awesome sashimi skills in this video! Watch as he breaks down a Kinmedai fish fresh from Tokyo!, "Sake could become a drink enjoyed all over the world, just like wine and beer." - Kenji Ichishima, sake maker

Ichishima will be our special guest for a 9-course dinner by Chef Chris Gould, paired with some of his finest sakes on July 18th. There will be two seatings at 6pm and 9pm. Tickets are $150 per person and only 20 seats are available! Call 617.536.7200 to reserve a spot!, Have you bought your ticket for our sake dinner yet? On July 18th Chef Ken Oringer and Chris Gould will be hosting a sake dinner featuring exquisite sakes by Sake-maker Kenji Ichishima. 

Seatings are at 6pm and 9pm and tickets are $150. Space is filling up fast! Call (617) 536-7200 to reserve your spot!, On July 18th we'll be hosting an omakase dinner featuring 9 courses by Chef Chris Gould paired with some of the best sake available. Tickets are $150 and space is limited. Call 617.536.7200 to save your seat!, Summer is here! Tonight on the menu we've got Watermelon salad with portuguese sardines, Ginger-kumquat viniagrette, and pickled watermelon rind. 

Take a look:, Happy Father's Day! Why not treat Dad to a #sakebomb dinner? 

Tonight's menu includes Salmon and Tuna sashimi, Lobster tempura and our Miso Dark Chocolate Cremeaux plus a sake bomb for only $35! 

Call 617.536.7200 for a reservation!, Happy Sunday! Tonight we've got Tachiuo (Saberfish) with grilled hearts of palm, radishes and Pimms No. 1 gelee on the menu. Stop by and see us!, What's better than a perfectly fried soft-shell crab? A perfectly fried soft-shell crab in a steam bun! We've got them on the menu tonight!, We've got  Wild Portuguese Dorado with smoked labne, shallot marmalade & rakkyo (pickled Chinese ramp) on the menu tonight. Stop by and try it!, Why not give your grill a break and join us for the best sashimi in Boston?

Chef Chris Gould has Bluefin O-toro in house and Mary is behind the bar making drinks from the new cocktail list. We're open for dinner tonight starting at 5:30. Stop by!, Our new, 32-page cocktail list makes its debut TONIGHT! Stop by and try one of Todd Maul 's new molecular creations!, Check out this photo of Chef Chris Gould's dish for the Chefs Cook for Japan benefit in NYC!

The dish: Laqurered La Belle Foie Gras and Unagi with Kinome and Sweet and Sour Rhubarb. Great job Chef!, Set your DVR's and make sure you tune in to see Chef Ken Oringer as a guest judge on "Chopped"! Starts tonight at 10 pm on the Food Network!, Have you ever had Saba (mackeral), Kanpachi, Itoyori (threadfin Sea Bream) or Big-Eye Tuna Otoro? 

They're all available in UNI tonight! Stop by and give em a try!, It's that time of year: we've got soft-shell crab on the menu TONIGHT!, TONIGHT: Madai (Sea Bream) with Angelica, mandarin orange kosho and masago (puffed rice)., When's the last time you had a sake bomb? Join us tonight in Uni for #sakebomb Tuesday and get one, plus 4-courses from Chef Chris Gould, for only $35!, We're #2 in the Boston Zagat ratings with a score of 28 points! We owe it to our amazing team and those who support us. Thanks so much!, Check out Chefs Ken Oringer and Chris Gould hard at work during the Japan Benefit dinner last night at Clio Restaurant. Pics are courtesy of The Feast Boston!, Japanese fried chicken anyone? It's coming soon to Uni, along with a completely remodeled interior. Check out the plans by clicking on the link!, Chef Chris Gould of Uni will be contributing to the 10-course kaiseki dinner benefiting Japanese disaster relief efforts on April 17th. The meal will also feat. courses by Ken Oringer, Jamie Bisonette (Toro/Coppa), Tony Maws (Craigie on Main), Barry Maiden (Hungry Mother), Michael Schlow (Radius/Tico) & Seth Raynor (The Pearl).

Spots are filling up FAST! Call (617) 536-7200 to get yours before they're all gone!, Check out this interesting story (feat. a quote from Chef Chris Gould) about the impact of the earthquake in Japan on sushi restaurants across the country. 

, Have you joined us for Boston Restaurant Week yet? If not, hurry! There are only 2 days left to get 3-courses featuring the best sashimi in Boston for $33.11!

Check out the menu at www.restaurantweekboston.com and give us a call at (617) 536-7200 to save your spot!, Do you know the difference between sushi & sashimi? What does "yakitori" or "sake" really mean? 

Test your Japanese food knowledge with this quiz and let us know how you did!, Happy #BOSrestaurantweek ! Our 3 course prixe fixe menu features Amadai (Japanese Tilefish), braised Kobe beef short ribs and more! Call (617) 536-7200 for a spot and check out the entire menu at http://bit.ly/aEEIru, It's Sake Bomb Time in Uni Sashimi Bar! That means you can have a four course meal and a sake bomb for $35! Call us at (617) 536-7200 to reserve your spot!, Have you heard? We've been nominated for "Best Sushi/Sashimi Restaurant" by The Boston Phoenix! Vote for us here: http://thephoenix.com/thebest/boston/vote/restaurantSsushisashimifancy/ Thanks!, Throw on the parka, strap on your boots & join us for a 4 course, $35 Sake Bomb Tuesday. Nothing like sake to get you warmed up., C² Monday! Six ceviches and a pisco-based cocktail for $35. Don't miss out!, Do omakase for Valentine's Day! We'll be offering our a la carte menu on Monday, February 14 but we think a long, luxurious omakase dinner is the best way to say "I love you" to any lover of sashimi. Make your reservation soon!

$85 - 7 courses + 1 dessert
$105 - 8 courses + 2 desserts
$125 - 9 courses + 2 desserts, It's a pleasant 77 degrees in Lima, Peru right now. Join us and face down the Arctic chill by channeling the Southern Equator with our sunny C² Monday menu : 6 ceviches and a Pisco-based cocktail for $35! , Steelers, Jets or Sake Bomb Sunday?, He's no fan of Sake Bomb Tuesday (as our friends on Twitter know) but food blogger and writer Richard Auffrey is a friend of sake - and any friend of sake is a friend of ours! Check out this nice Q & A from the Globe., Maine uni or Santa Barbara uni? You don't have to choose... we have both tonight!, Artisanal tofu production in Oakland on Serious Eats ! The video is definitely worth watching. , Haute Living listed us as a Hot Sake Spot to Warm Your Winter Chills. Snowy Sake Bomb Tuesday anyone?, It's Sake Bomb Tuesday! 3 courses + sake bomb supplies = the best way to forget it's snowing outside., Since we don't have these carp to "symbolically take on people's calamities," your best choice is probably to join us tonight for Sake Bomb Tuesday! , Channel the South American summer with our C² Monday menu. For $35, you can enjoy six ceviches (including sea urchin with pickled mustard seeds, citrus rice and ume vinegar), a pisco-based cocktail and a brief mental vacation from Boston in winter., Great sake bomb action tonight! If you missed out, join us on Tuesday for round 2!, Sashimi for snowy weather: Shima Aji (Japanese Striped Jack) with caramelized maine uni, mitsuba gremolata, chestnut ash & spicy ponzu., You are what you tw(eat)., My oh Madai this is delicious! Madai (Japanese Sea Bream) with spicy gooseberry jam, baby turnips, Himalayan red rice & plum seed oil., Local food blogger A Boston Food Diary stopped in for a celebratory New Year's omakase. Check the link for a full rundown of the meal including her revelatory tofu experience!, Watch Chef Chris working his magic on a beautiful Kinmedai from Tsukiji Market in Japan. , Prepping for dinner service... we're back in action after a few days of vacay!, So T riders, will you be on the new quiet car... or the PARTY car?, Hello friends, hope your year is off to a fabulous start! We will be closed today through Tuesday January 4 and will reopen for dinner on January 5. See you then!, No surprises here: weight loss topped the list of new year's resolutions for 2011. Sashimi is an excellent way to honor your commitment to healthy eating without compromising on flavor. Join us for an exciting, delicious and resolution friendly meal!, Happy New Year's Eve to you and yours! Thanks for making 2010 a great year!, What is your New Year's resolution for 2011? How about perfecting your sake bomb technique? We'll help every Sunday and Tuesday., Blizzard schmizzard. We're open tonight for another South American C² Monday - 6 ceviches and a Pisco-based cocktail for $35. Ditch those leftovers., Post-holiday Sake Bomb Sunday! Come and get it tonight!, Merry Christmas! We are closed tonight but will be open for dinner tomorrow., We will be closed on Christmas Day but will reopen for dinner on Sunday. Come join us for some post-holiday sashimi!, We're getting hungry..., Sake Bomb Tuesday should be next on Shaq's list. , In honor of Sake Bomb Tuesday, the "sake bomb": a really cool sake set-up that we'd like to have under the tree this Christmas., Who's in the mood for ceviche and pisco? We are! Join us tonight for our C² Monday menu... six ceviches and a drink for $35., Sake Bomb Sunday in mere hours! 4 courses + sake bomb supplies for $35., Have an omakase holiday celebration at Uni!
$85 - 7 courses + 1 dessert
$105 - 8 courses + 2 desserts
$125 - 9 courses + 2 desserts, As Chef Chris said, we're offering Ama Ebi tonight: tempura fried heads, raw tails with ginger and ponzu, salted roe, pouce pieds and chanterelle mushrooms. Come and get it!, Check out this great interview with Chef Ken from The Daily Meal to find out why he thinks every cook should learn how to kill and skin a live eel, what he learned from his mentors, and where he plans to travel next. , David Chang sounds out about New York cuisine. How would you describe Boston's current culinary state?, Come drop some sake bombs with us tonight! $35 for 4 courses, Sapporo and sake!, C² Monday! Our favorite ceviche of the night is Brussels Sprouts with lime, fish sauce, fried garlic and chilies., If you aren't coming in for our C² menu tonight, why not bring a little Uni flavor to your dinner table? Check out Chef Chris's recipe for squid noodles -Aori Ika Noodle Thai Style- courtesy for our wonderful purveyor True World Foods., It's Sake Bomb Sunday!, We're proud to be in such great company on Boston Magazine's 50 Best Restaurants 2010 list for "superlative sushi in a shoebox-size space.", Ishigakidai after, with spicy gooseberry, Himalayan red rice, turnip and plum seed oil., Ishigakidai (Japanese Knifejaw) before., Another Thursday, another glorious shipment of fish from Japan. Photos coming shortly courtesy of Chef Chris! Or you could come check out the selection at dinner tonight..., If you're in the mood for a little eye candy, our good friend Hien has been documenting many of our dishes on his flickr account. Thanks for sharing Hien - great photos!, It's Sake Bomb Tuesday again! Kanpai!, The Live Maine Sea Urchin Ceviche was the star of our C² menu tonight. So fresh and delicious., Cool cocktails X creative ceviches = C² Mondays for $35. All this equation needs is you!, We're having so much fun every Tuesday that we decided to bring Sake Bomb Sunday back into the rotation. Finish your weekend with four courses and sake bomb supplies for $35!, Dinner tonight: Kindai Bluefin Otoro Sashimi - Hawaiian volcanic salt, fresh wasabi, sudachi lime, Finish your weekend with a splash: we're now offering our Sake Bomb Tuesday menu every Sunday as well!, More gorgeous fish, fresh from Tsukiji Market in Tokyo. Can you i.d. these beauties?, What's your favorite sake?, Sake Bomb Tuesday in T-minus 1 hour, 25 minutes. 4 courses and sake bomb supplies for $35. See you soon!, New ceviches on tonight's C² menu! Lobster with orange, basil & radish and
Littleneck Clam with chili, garlic & ginger. See you soon., Ditch the leftovers and come switch it up with our Monday night C² menu: six ceviches and a pisco based drink for just $35. You know you don't want to do the dishes anyway., Happy Thanksgiving! We're closed tonight, but we'll be back just in time for you to get tired of leftovers., Live Maine Uni is in the HOUSE!, All this turkey talk can't keep us from obsessing over a gorgeous piece of salmon., We're dropping (sake) bombs! Join us for four courses, Sapporo and sake for $35 tonight., What are the rarest shrimp in the world? (hint: we got them this week at Uni), The aforementioned Live Maine Sea Urchin with ume vinegar, citrus rice and mustard seeds. All this could be yours! http://ow.ly/i/5Ewp, One reason to look forward to tomorrow: Live Maine Sea Urchin with ume vinegar, citrus rice and mustard seeds., Here's what you will be enjoying with your sake bomb this evening:
Suzuki Ceviche (Japanese Striped Bass) - sudachi lime, Sparrow Arc Farm beets & coconut green curry
Poke (Yellowfin Tuna) - sweet onions, sesame, seaweed & pickled mung bean
Rock Shrimp Tempura - spicy aioli, Korean chili threads
A Special Dessert from our Pastry Chef Renae, is gearing up for more Sake Bomb Tuesday shenanigans. Bring your friends, your wife, your boss and your cousin and join us for the best deal in town tonight: four courses from the sashimi bar plus Sapporo and sake for $35. It's the BOMB!, Improve your Monday exponentially with our C² menu. Come enjoy six ceviches and a pisco based cocktail for just $35!, As promised, here is Chef Chris' beautiful ice carving for the MFA's new Art of the Americas wing opening. The two sculptures were eight feet long and held oysters on the half shell and scallop ceviche. Nice work Chef!, Chef Chris is putting the finishing details on an awesome ice carving for the opening of the MFA's new wing tonight. Stay tuned for photos!, This could be yours tonight., #SakeBomb Tues in t-minus 3 hours! 4 courses & sake bomb supplies for 35 bones., Join us for our exponentially delicious C² menu tonight. Six ceviches and pisco-based cocktail for $35... it's cheaper than a trip to South America!, is serving the first Nantucket Bay Scallops of the season with chestnut, roasted Brussels sprout leaves & pickled kumquats. Perfect., Shipments from Tsukiji fish market in Tokyo make every Thursday feel a little bit like Christmas. Can you identify the fish?, Chef Ken, Chef Chris and the team from Uni and Clio with Chef Carme Ruscalleda after her thirteen course meal at Clio on Tuesday., Proper sake bomb technique, demonstrated by two wonderful Sake Bomb Tuesday fans.  Join us next week for four courses and sake bomb supplies for $35! , Tonight's Sake Bomb Tuesday Lineup:

Fluke Sashimi - roasted Brussels sprouts leaves, chestnut purée, pink-fleshed apples
Spicy Lobster Salad - bell peppers, orange, chilies
Rock Shrimp Tempura - spicy aioli, Korean chili threads
A Special Dessert from our Pastry Chef

$35 per person with sake bomb supplies, White truffles from Alba are in! Come celebrate the season with Wagyu Beef on a Hot Ocean Rock. Yum., Join us every Tuesday evening for four delicious courses and sake bomb supplies for $35. , Tonight's C² ceviches:
Lobster - orange, pepper, basil
Grilled Baby Octopus - aji amarillo, red onion, parsley
Duck Breast - tamarind, daikon, carrots
Cauliflower - lime juice, fish sauce, fried garlic, chili flakes
Suzuki - Sudachi lime, chioggia beets, coconut green curry
Tuna - coconut, chilies, lemongrass, In keeping with tonight's pro-Peruvian C² menu, here's an article about aji amarillo, another flavor we love from the home of pisco and ceviche., is kicking off November with six ceviches and a pisco based cocktail for $35  on our C² (that's creative ceviches X cool cocktails) Monday menu., It's Halloween weekend! What are you going as?, Kinmedai (Japanese pink sea bream) with pink-fleshed apple purée, pomegranate, pumpkin and shoestring sunchokes., Petite Herb Salad with pomegranate gastrique and Hirame (fluke) sashimi., A tasting of Japanese wines made from the Koshu grape, More Japanese wine coverage! Check out the write-up of yesterday's tasting from local sake expert Richard Auffrey., Like clockwork, The New York Times featured this piece about Japan's Koshu grape for today's Dining Section. We tried these just yesterday at a Grace Wine tasting here at Uni!, Thanks to everyone who submitted their comments for this year's Zagat Boston Restaurant Survey! We can't wait to see the guide!, Aji "Nigiri" (Japanese jack mackerel) with caramelized kabocha, pomegranate and yuzukosho, Shima aji (Japanese Striped Jack) with chestnut ash, roasted Brussels sprout leaves and pickled kumquats., Leave it to Serious Eats to uncover the Crab Vending Machine., Overheard: "I can't help but wonder what they might taste like.", It's #sakebomb Tuesday again! $35 for four courses and your sake bomb supplies!, Did you know you that geoducks can live for more than a hundred years?, This week's C² selection:
-Roast Octopus (tomatoes, onion, aji amarillo)
-Roast Cauliflower (lime juice, fish sauce, fried garlic, chili flakes)
-Surf Clam (Aleppo pepper, yellow pepper, red pepper, onion)
-Lobster (brown rice vinegar, scallions, ginger, ginger vinegar)
-Hirame (Fluke) (sudachi lime, Sparrow Arc Farm beets, coconut green curry)
-Tuna (coconut, chilies, lemongrass)
+ a surprise Pisco cocktail for $35!, It's round 2 of our C² Monday at Uni! Come see what Chef Chris and Todd have dreamed up tonight. Six ceviches and a pisco-based cocktail for $35. Stay tuned for a menu update..., Here's an at-home version of KO's signature Tomato Water Martini, plus a fabulous recipe for Carne Asada Tacos from Chef's appearance on The Morning Show today. Great job, chef!, If you were lucky enough to be sleeping in this morning, you missed Chef Oringer in the Chef on a Shoestring segment of The Morning Show on CBS. He prepared a Spanish-inflected dishes including a very doable version of Clio's signature Tomato Water Martini., Shima Aji (Japanese Striped Jack) with chestnut ash, roasted Brussels sprouts leaves and pickled kumquats., Channel 5 teamed up with Chef Chris for a how-to slideshow that is full of good tips for a perfectly carved pumpkin. Check out those knife skills!, We're getting in the Halloween spirit. It turns out Chef Chris is a great pumpkin carver!, How NOT to do a sake bomb: on a glass table., It's Sake Bomb Tuesday and we're blowing things up with an awesome four course meal for $35. Tonight you'll get Octopus Ceviche, Rock Shrimp Tempura, Barbecued Unagi over a bed of seasoned rice, dessert, and of course sake bomb supplies. We want to see some real deal sake bombing tonight, people!, A closer look at last night's C² ceviche lineup. Did you try it last night? If so, we would love to hear what you thought., Here's our first-ever C² lineup!

Chef Chris's selection of six ceviches:
-Roast Octopus with tomatoes, onion and aji amarillo
-Roast Cauliflower with lime juice, fish sauce, fried garlic and chili flakes
-Surf Clam with aleppo pepper, yellow pepper, red pepper and onion
-Lobster and Scallop with brown rice vinegar, scallions, ginger and ginger vinegar
-Suzuki with sudachi lime, Sparrow Arc Farm beets and coconut green curry
-Tuna with coconut, chilies and lemongrass

Todd's cure for a case of the Mondays:
Pisco, yuzu, grapefruit bitters and sake simple syrup. 

Just $35 a person!, Creative Ceviche x Cool Cocktails = C² at Uni. Our new Monday-only menu is exponentially awesome. Come be the first to enjoy six unique ceviches and an original pisco cocktail for just $35., Chef Oringer dished to the LA Times about his takes on classic cured fish preparations like dried and cured sea urchin bottarga style and tuna-belly prosciutto., Hamachi Tartare with roasted Brussels sprout leaves, pickled kumquats, sunchokes and ginger. You know you want it!, Look what we got: kanpachi (aka Japanese amberjack) fresh from Tokyo. Come see how Chef Chris is preparing this beautiful fish tonight., Shiro ika direct from Japan. Come try it tonight!, Tomorrow night is Rock & Roll with Morimoto and Friends at the New York City Wine & Food Festival. KO has the sushi part down but what should he sing for karaoke? Requests, anyone?, Michelin handed out stars for New York restaurants today. Not that we have a guide here in Boston but what say you: are you a Michelin man or a Zagat guy (or girl)?, If it were Tuesday, you could be having a sake bomb and four delicious courses of food from our sashimi bar for $35. Oh wait, it is Tuesday... why aren't you here?, Serious Eats discovered Mantis Shrimp at a fish market in Flushing. Have you tried them?, Sushi or sashimi: what do you prefer?, Food and photos by the one and only Chef Chris Gould, Another Sake Day special: bottled sakes by the glass. Now is your chance to try something special., Happy Saké Day! Just a reminder- the first twenty people on Twitter who tell us how to say cheers in Japanese at @unisashimi get a glass of saké with their dinner order tonight. You can also check in on Foursquare for a bamboo box of saké to enjoy with your meal tonight., How do you say cheers is Japanese? Be one of the first twenty to answer us @unisashimi and receive a glass of saké with dinner tonight to celebrate Saké Day!, Happy Nihonshu no hi (aka Saké Day)! We are celebrating with a Twitter trivia contest and an offer for Foursquare check-ins. The first twenty people to answer our question at @unisashimi will receive a glass of saké with their meal. Anyone who checks in on Foursquare will receive a bamboo box of saké with dinner. What are you waiting for?, Chefs Boulud and Humm discuss the evolution of American restaurants: a team effort between front and back of the house, surprise and choice for guests. What's your take on the state of restaurants in the US? What do you love, what do you want to see change?, Friday is Sake Day and we have something special planned. Follow us on twitter at @unisashimi for details!, A look inside Tokyo's massive Tsukiji fish market, the tuna capital of the world., Sake Bomb Tuesday menu:

Tuna Tartare with mustard soy, fried garlic, yuzu kosho
Rock Shrimp Tempura
Kobe Beef Tataki
A very special dessert

$35 with Sake Bomb supplies, 4 hours 'til Sake Bomb Tuesday. 4 courses (and a sake bomb!) for $35. See you tonight., Election season is here, but there's no need to get political - just vote for us in Zagat's Boston Restaurant Survey. Thanks friends!, Sake Bomb Tuesday! Seven hours and counting..., We know we're arriving a little late the party, but genetically modified salmon?  What's your take?, October 1 is Sake Day (and a Friday!). How should we celebrate?, The AP has finally discovered that restaurants are using Twitter to expand the reach of customer service. What do you think - is 140 characters enough to make a bad experience right? Do you want to see restaurants more or less invested in this technology?, New shipment in from Tsukiji fish market yesterday. Come see what Chris is doing with the exciting new arrivals., Chefs weigh in on the east coast vs. west coast food scene rivalry. What's your two cents?, Simplicity does have its merits, especially when it comes to buttery, silky salmon sashimi., Ken received this year's Star Chefs Rising Stars Mentor Award, awarded to the chef who is most supportive of young cooks' careers. Congratulations Chef, we're so proud!, It might be 85 degrees outside but summer ends tomorrow and we are thinking about the holidays. Yes, we know it's a little early, but do you think sushi lessons or a one-day stage with Chris would be a gift you would want to give or receive? We want to know-ho-ho!, Tuesdays are the (sake) bomb! Here's tonight's $35 menu.
Fluke Sashimi Salad - radish, wild herbs, citrus vinaigrette
Rock Shrimp Tempura - spicy aioli, Korean chili threads
Broiled Kasu Salmon - shiso pickled peaches
Dessert will be a very special surprise, and of course we will supply you with everything you need for your sake bomb. Don't be polite, we want to see you bombing it!, Maki Monday's out, Manic Monday's in! 4 courses + a rum bubble tea with coconut pineapple pearls for $35. We like to keep you on your toes., Follow @baratclio and @unisashimi for updates on Star Chefs International Chefs Congress. Day 1 of the pastry competition is in full swing., Star Chefs International Chefs Congress starts tomorrow. Ken will demo sous vide, Jaime is doing a workshop on cooking a la plancha, and we will be updating you on all the action live via Facebook and Twitter., Lacquered Foie Gras with Barbequed Eeel!, Sashimi sampler prep behind the bar., Can someone please explain this awesomely insane Japanese cough drop ad?, Enjoy a final taste of summer: Heirloom Tomato Salad with razor clams, fennel and anchovy aioli., It's Monday and that means more maki for less money. All the maki you want for just $32? Ridic. Don't miss out on Maki Monday!, Maki Monday, Sake Bomb Tuesday... Maybe it's not such a bad thing that the weekend is drawing to a close., Do you know any good foreign food idioms? We want to add to our kitchen patois., Interesting changes at Eleven Madison Park. What do you think of the menu?, Ken sat down with Chefs.com for a Q&A and dished on advice to aspiring chefs, his favorite dish and more. Read the full interview at the link., We are closed for Labor Day. See you tomorrow!, If you're headed to Fenway for the Red Sox / White Sox double-header this afternoon, make it a home run of an afternoon with a pre- or post-game sashimi sampler. We are just a ten minute walk away from the park and you can find directions at the link. You'll be here in less time than it would take you to score a hot dog at the concession stand., Ferran Adrià is coming in for dinner after his lecture with Chef José Andrés and Harold McGee at Harvard. It's open to the public but you better get there early if you want a seat. http://www.seas.harvard.edu/cooking, "I am sushi, you are sushi too." Best (weirdest?) sushi song ever! Have a listen. Should we put it on the playlist? http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dMhAhNjlL88, Great special last night from the brilliant mind of Chef Chris: Salmon Belly with spicy sesame oil, espelette, nasturtiums and micro cilantro. We offer new dishes every day inspired by all the amazing ingredients that we work with, so come see what's new tonight!, Sake Bomb Tuesday menu: Sesame Shrimp Salad, Kobe Beef Dumplings, Katsu 
Broiled Salmon + a surprise dessert from Renae, our pastry chef.
 And sake and Sapporo, of course!, Make it a Swedish Evening: Hammer Sickle, housemade Swedish Punsch, lime juice & grenadine., Come blow it up tonight for Sake Bomb Tuesday. We'll set you up with sapporo, sake, and a four course meal for just $35. If you've never dropped the bomb before, just ask for Steve. He's happy to show you proper technique., Blogger Amy Riley counts the ways she loves Ken Oringer: "I love thee for the Champagne bubbles that tickle the nose, the tomato water that cleanses the palate and the cheeses which keep a woman satisfied" 
http://eatsomethingsexy.com/blogs/amyreiley/2010/08/30/ken-oringer-how-do-i-love-thee-let-me-count-the-ways, Restaurant Week is over and that means Maki Monday is back on the map! Come enjoy all the maki you can eat for just $32. See you tonight!, Tonight is your last chance to savor the best deal in Boston, our Restaurant Week menu. Take a look at our menu and ask yourself: can you afford NOT to treat yourself to a three course feast for just $33.10? We didn't think so... call for reservations or walk in!, Chef Chris is singing a beautiful song in the key of pig for Restaurant Week. Check out our Confit Pork Belly with sweet soy glaze, charred cippolini and Siena Farms summer vegetable salad. Hungry?, Another reason our restaurant week menu is the best deal in Boston: where else can you try Sudachi, a hard-to-find Japanese citrus fruit, for just $33.10?  Come check it out in our Suzuki Ceviche and see what else you've been missing. The Lime Curd with elderflower sorbet and St. Germain granite is exquisite., We're offering Suzuki Ceviche (Atlantic Striped Bass) with Siena Farms beets, lime and coconute green curry as part of our special three course Restaurant Week menu, available through Friday. For $33.10 it's a meal you can't afford to miss., Hey fish fanatics: our Restaurant Week menu is swimming with impeccable seafood. Don't miss out on the Chirashi with three sashimi preparations (I spied salmon, tuna and hamachi in my bowl)., Choose your own flavor adventure tonight for just $33.10 with our three course Restaurant Week menu. Suzuki Ceviche or Yellowfin Tuna Poke? Broiled Salmon, Braised Pork Belly or Chirashi? Lime Curd or Miso Dark Chocolate Crémeux? Your fate is in your hands, hungry Bostonians!, Get ready for Restaurant Week round 2, Boston. Our unbeatable $33.10 three course menu will be back tomorrow through Friday, August 27. See you soon!, Suzuki, poke, chirashi: oh my!  We have the Restaurant Week menu tonight & then take a short break tomorrww, before bringing it back for one more week on Sunday., It's Restaurant Week - come in and try our special three course menu for $33.10!, Just a reminder that we will not be doing our all you can eat Maki Mondays during Restaurant Week., Uni's Restaurant Week Menu, #RestoWeekBoston entrees @UniSashimi: Broiled Salmon w/ bok choy & yuzu pineapple salsa, Braised Pork Belly w/ sweet soy glaze & Sienna Farms summer vegetable salad or Chirashi w/ chef’s choice exotic sashimi fish & assorted pickled vegetables., #RW menu 1st course: Suzuki Ceviche w/ lime, beets & coconut green curry OR Poke w/ sweet onions, sesame, seaweed & pickled mung beans, Come sake bombing tonight @UniSashimi: A four course menu and a sake bomb for only $35.00!  Last one for a couple of weeks., Maki Monday tonight @UniSashimi: last one for a little while due to #RW.  All you can eat maki for $32.00! #Boston, From the Chef's Selection of Premium Fish:
Tobiuo (Japanese Flying Fish) w/ white peach, heirloom radish & Sicilian pistachio
Tairagai (Japanese Pen Shell Clam) w/ tamarind, green papaya & spicy peanuts
Kanpachi (Japanese Amberjack) w/ yellow chive vinaigrette, lily bulb & negi
Kasugodai (Japanese Baby Seabream) w/ cucumber, jalapeno & myoga
Mirugai Tempura (Japanese Giant Clam) w/ kimchi, bok choy & dashi puree, One of the items on the Uni menu tonight: Steamed Littleneck Clams with chili, garlic and organic rice., Bombs away!  Sake Bomb Tuesday tonight @UniSashimi - a four course dinner and a sake bomb for only $35.00!, Maki Monday tonight at Uni: all you can eat maki for $32.00! 1 maki, 2, maki, 3 maki....Yum!, Happy August!  @UniSashimi and @TheBarAtClio are open tonight.  Why not come in and say Hi?, RT @TheBarAtClio: RT @Todd_Maul Playing with Pimm's: my versions of Pimm's Lemonade and a Raspberry cooler- http://yfrog.com/bh3tej Come in tonight and have 1, One of the special items on the menu tonight: Tairagai (Japanese Pen Shell Clam) w/ tamarind, lemongrass & spicy peanuts., Sake + Sapporo + 4-course dinner = Sake Bomb Tuesday at Uni Sashimi Bar.  Get all this for only $35.00!, M-m-m-maki Monday! All you can eat maki at Uni tonight for $32! Why not stop by?, On the menu 2nite: Tobiuo (Japanese Flying Fish) w/ apricot, heirloom radish & Sicilian pistachios.  Get it before it gets away., You say sake, I say bomb. Sake! Bomb! Sake! Bomb! Come in to Uni Sashimi Bar tonight for Sake Bomb Tuesday: 4 courses & a sake bomb for only $35!, Maki Monday tonight at Uni: all you can eat maki for $32.00! 1 maki, 2, maki, 3 maki....Yum!, Bombs away!  Sake Bomb Tuesday tonight @UniSashimi!  Four courses and a sake bomb for only $35.00!  Come join us!, Happy Fourth of July!  Just a reminder, Uni is closed tonight for the holiday., Suzuki (Atlantic Striped Bass) w/ sudachi lime, Sienna Farms beets & coconut green curry. Just 1 of many items on Uni's menu 2nite., Uni will be closed on Sunday for the Fourth of July holiday., Sake Bomb Tuesday tonight at Uni: a four course menu and a sake bomb for $35.00!  Don't miss it!, @TheBarAtClio and @Unisashimi are open tonight.  Why not stop by for some super fresh sashimi and one of our amazing new cocktails?, Hey, Boston, don't forget Uni is open seven days a week.  Come say Hi! , Sake Bomb Tuesday, tonight @UniSashimi: 4 courses and a sake bomb for $35.00!, RT @BostonChefsNews: Bombs away every Tues. w/ Sake Bomb Tuesdays at Uni! http://ow.ly/1XjV7, RT @RestoWeekBoston: Mad about Maki? All-you-can-eat sushi at Ken Oringer’s, Uni! http://ow.ly/1XjRe, On tonight's menu: Local Bluefin Toro w/ soy mustard vinaigrette, daikon & Honshimeji mushroom confit. Yum!, Sake Bomb Tuesday tonight @UniSashimi - four courses and a sake bomb for $35.00!, Maki Monday tonight @UniSashimi: all you can eat maki for $32.00! 1 maki, 2, maki, 3 maki....Yum!, On tonight's menu, the chef has a Jonah Crab Salad w/ avocado, mango & green curry.  And he's using crabs from Scituate, MA - wicked fresh!, 1 of the cocktails off Uni & Clio's cocktail list - the Brazilian Million: Beija, Plymouth Sloe Gin, apricot liquer, lime juice, grenadine., U say sake, I say bomb. Sake! Bomb! Sake! Bomb! Come in to @UniSashimi 2nite for Sake Bomb Tues: 4 courses & a sake bomb for only $35!, M-m-m-maki Monday!  All you can eat maki at Uni tonight!  Why not stop by?, Broiled Ayu (Japanese Sweet Fish) with grilled, marinated scallions and sweet soy XO sauce. Doesn't that sound delicious?, Uni will be closed tomorrow, Memorial Day. Come visit another day next week!, Tonight @UniSashimi Bar: Shima Aji (Japanese Striped jack) with umeboshi, kinome and myoga., Uni will be closed on Monday, Memorial Day.  Come visit another day next week!, Isaki: Japanese Three-line Grunt with spicy cucumber, pickled konbu and masago.  Sounds pretty awesome, Chef, sounds pretty awesome., Yum! Live Diver Scallops w/ grilled ramps, spring asparagus & morel mushrooms. On the menu tonite. http://ht.ly/1MLe9, Sake Bomb Tuesday, tonight @UniSashimi: four courses and a sake bomb for $35.00!  Come on in!, Just another Maki Monday: all you can eat maki for $32.00!  Tonight at Uni., On the Chef's Special Fish Selections list today: Isaki (Japanese 3-line grunt) with spicy cucumber, pickled konbu & masago.  Yum!, Heaven = Live Diver Scallops w/ grilled ramps, spring asparagus and morel mushrooms.  Chris has them on the menu tonite.  http://ht.ly/1MLe9, Come Sake Bombing @UniSashimi tonight - 4 course menu and a sake bomb for $35.00!, Maki Monday - all you can eat maki for $32.00 - tonight at Uni!, On the menu 2nite, Sayori (Japanese Needlefish) w/ umeboshi, myoga & kinome. This is the last of the year for this fish, don't miss out!, Kanpachi (Japanese Amberjack) w/ yellow chive vinaigrette, lily bulb & negi - Welsh onion aka Tokyo scallion. 1st of the season Amberjack!, Come sake bombing @UniSashimi tonight!  Four courses and a sake bomb for $35.00!, Check out this awesome review of Uni!, Happy Maki Monday, everyone!  All you can eat maki @UniSashimi tonight for $32.00!, It's Sake Bomb Tuesday! Four courses with a sake bomb for only $35.00! Come say Hi., It's Maki Monday at Uni Sashimi Bar tonight - all you can eat maki for $32.00!, Maki Monday @Unisashimi tonight - all you can eat maki for $32.00!, @Unisashimi is open tonight.  Come say Hi., RT @TheBarAtClio: Check out this "Weekly Dig" write-up on Clio's cocktail list: http://ow.ly/1BZn1, Live Diver Scallops with grilled ramps, spring asparagus and morels on the menu @UniSashimi tonight., Hello, Sake Bomb Tuesday, nice to see you!  Come say Hi to Sake Bomb Tuesday 2nite @Unisashimi 4-course menu & a sake bomb for $35.00!, M-m-maki Monday!  All you can eat maki tonight @UniSashimi for $32!, Thanks to Chef Chris Gould for posting some really gorgeous photos of his creations on @UniSashimi's Facebook page., You say Sake, I say Bomb. Sake! Bomb! Sake! Bomb! It's Sake Bomb Tuesday @UniSashimi: 4 courses & a sake bomb for $35.00!, Maki Monday tonight @UniSashimi: all you can eat maki for $32!, @TheBarAtClio  and @UniSashimi are open tonight - come on in and try one of the drinks on the huge new cocktail menu!, While we aren't doing Restaurant Week Wednesdays anymore, we do have House Made Ramen!  Chef Gould also has Konbu Cured Bronzini (Mediterranean Sea Bass) with shiso, burdock and wolfberries., It's Sake Bomb Tuesday at Uni tonight!  Four course menu and a sake bomb for $35!  Come say Hi!, Maki Monday, today at Uni: all you can eat maki for $32.00!  Hope to see you!, It's Red Sox Opening Day!  Woo-hoot!  Come by Clio's Bar or @UniSashimi for a bite to eat on your way to the game!, Uni has Tairagai on the menu tonight: Japanese Pen Shell Clam with Spring asparagus, grilled ramps and morel mushrooms.  Looks pretty delicious!, Tonite, Chef Gould has Sakora Masa (Japanese Cherry Blossom Trout) w/ cherry blossom, creme fraiche & cucumber.  Sounds like Spring!, RT @thedanisigel: Quite the new list...Clio and Uni's Massive New Cocktail List http://ow.ly/1tE8J, We've launched a fab new drink menu @UniSashimi & Clio's Bar.  It has over 80 drinks, some new creations & some forgotten classics., Hello Sake Bomb Tuesday, we've missed you!  Thanks for coming back!  Sake Bomb Tuesday tonight: 4-course dinner & sake bomb for only $35.00!, Saying goodbye to Restaurant Week and hello to Maki Monday., Uni is open tonight, come on in and visit us!, It's the last nite of Restaurant Wk @UniSashimi & we're all booked up. But we have gr8t wkly specs throughout the year, so come see us soon!, null, While we will miss our Sake Bomb Tuesday fun tonight, we've been enjoying #RWBoston @UniSashimi!, Just a reminder: no Maki Monday tonite. Instead, it's Restaurant Week, so join us for a special 3 course menu for only $33.10. Call for res., I'm hungry! 3-course #RW menu: 1st: poke or fluke sashimi; 2nd: salmon, braised pork or chirashi; 3rd: coconut tapioca or Japanese yuzu curd, Our bartender Todd is developing a new cocktail menu for @UniSashimi to be debuted after Restaurant Wk.  Tried 1 of the new drinks: awesome!, It's Restaurant Week at Uni!  Call for reservations, you don't want to miss out!, Tonight @UniSashimi: Hiramsa (Japanese Amberjack) with scallion vinaigrette, tamari and lily bulb., Todd does make amazing drinks! RT @FairmontCopley: Happy Friday! Dig has great suggestions for #hotel bars in #Boston- http://bit.ly/bp2fh3, On tonight's menu: Mejina (Japanese Rudderfish) with shiso, pickled burdock and wolfberries, Restaurant Week Wednesdays - 3 course menu for $33.09!  Whetting your appetite for the next couple of weeks..., You say sake, I say bomb: Sake! Bomb! Sake! Bomb! Come in for our sake bomb special: a 4 course menu and a sake bomb for only $35.00!  It's going to be several weeks before we have another Sake Bomb Tuesday., Looking at the Restaurant Week menu and getting hungry: 1st course - poke or fluke sashimi; 2nd course - slow cooked salmon, braised pork belly or chirashi; 3rd course - coconut tapioca or Japanese yuzu curd., On Chef Gould's Uni menu tonight: Hiramasa (Amberjack) with scallion vinaigrette, tamari and lily bulb.  We're talking first of the season, wild-caught Amberjack here.  Yum!, This sounds delicious: Duxbury Razor Clam Ceviche with fresh yuzu, shiro soy and espellette pepper., Restaurant Week Wednesday - 3 courses, $33.09.  Come on in!, Sake Bomb Tuesdays at Uni Sashimi Bar - 4 course menu with a sake bomb for only $35.00!  Come on in tonight!, Just got the Restaurant Week menu and it looks delicious: 1st course - poke or fluke sashimi; 2nd course - slow cooked salmon, braised pork belly or chirashi; 3rd course - coconut tapioca or Japanese yuzu curd.  It all sounds so good.  Can't wait for March 14th!, On tonight's menu: Chef Gould is preparing Tachiou (Japanese Cutlassfish) with shiso, myoga, shiro soy and burdock.  Sounds pretty fabulous!, This just in: Chef Gould is preparing Hiramasa (Japanese Amberjack) with scallion vinaigrette, tamari and lily bulb tonight., Can't wait to see what comes in from the Japanese Fish Market today...and what Chef Gould does with it!, Restaurant Week Wednesday: three courses for $33.09, tonight at Uni!, So exciting to see the new items Chris Gould has been coming up with for Uni!  Tonight, we have our Sake Bomb Tuesday special: a 4 course menu and a sake bomb for $35.00!, Maki Monday - all you can eat maki for $32.00 tonight at Uni., Don't forget Uni is open tonight.  We hope to see you soon!, Which is your favorite, Pink or Black?  Japanese Sea Bream, that is.  Well, we have both tonight, so you don't have to choose!, Just in from the Japanese fish market: Kinmedai (Japanese Pink Sea Bream).  Chris Gould is serving it with kumquats, Thai chilies and radish sprouts tonight., Vote for Uni in The Boston Phoenix Best 2010 poll!, Happy Snowy Restaurant Week Wednesday!  Come visit us for a three course dinner for $33.09., Come Sake Bombing at Uni tonight: a four course menu and a sake bomb for only $35.00!, Happy Maki Monday!  All you can eat maki for $32, tonight at Uni., Happy Valentine's Day to all!, The Changing of the Chrises:  Welcoming Chris Gould back to Uni Sashimi Bar and wishing Chris Chung all the best at his new restaurant, AKA Bistro., Happy Snowy Restaurant Week Wednesday - 3 courses for $33.09., When I say Sake, you say Bomb. Sake! Bomb! Sake! Bomb! Sake Bomb Tuesday tonight: 4 courses & a sake bomb for $35!, 1 maki, 2 maki, 3 maki...all the maki you can eat at Uni's Maki Monday tonight! Only $32!, Uni's open tonight: come on in for the best sashimi in Boston!, Restaurant Week Wednesday - three courses, $33.09.  What could be better?, Who doesn't love a sake bomb? Who doesn't love a sake bomb that comes with a 4 course dinner for $35?, M-M-M-Maki Monday: all you can eat maki for $32!, Get out of the cold tonight and join us for fabulous sashimi in a cozy, casual atmosphere., If it's Wednesday, it must be Restaurant Week Wednesday at Uni! 3 courses for $33.09!, Come Sake Bombing at Uni tonight: a four course menu and a sake bomb for only $35.00!, Maki Monday - all a sumo can eat maki for only $32. Tonight at Uni., Uni is open tonight - come on in!, Hello, Wednesday.  If you're here, that means tonight @unisashimi has its Restaurant Week menu: 3 courses for $33.09!, When I say Sake, you say Bomb. Sake! Bomb! Sake! Bomb! Sake Bomb Tuesday tonight: 4 courses & a sake bomb for $35!, 1 maki, 2 maki, 3 maki...all the maki you can eat at Uni's Maki Monday tonight!  Only $32!, Uni is open tonight - join us for the best sashimi in town!, Just a reminder that Uni is open on Sundays., If it's Wednesday, it must be Restaurant Week Wednesday at Uni!  3 courses for $33.09!, Come Sake Bombing at Uni tonight: a four course menu and a sake bomb for only $35.00!, Maki Monday - all a sumo can eat maki for only $32.  Tonight at Uni., It's Restaurant Week Wednesday!  Three courses for $33.09 - woo hoo!, We're back!  Did you miss us?  We're celebrating our return w/ Sake Bomb Tuesday: 4 courses and a sake bomb for $35!, Hope you all are enjoying the snow!  Uni will be closed until Tuesday, come see us then!, Look at all that snow out there!  Just a reminder, Uni will be closed tonight.  Hope we see all of you next week., Happy New Year!, Happy New Year, everyone!  Uni will be closed through January 4th.  See you all in the New Year!, End the year with some sashimi - it's Restaurant Week Wednesday @UniSashimi: three courses for $33.09!, Who doesn't love a sake bomb? Who doesn't love a sake bomb that comes with a 4 course dinner for $35?, M-M-M-Maki Monday: all you can eat maki for $32!, Uni's open tonight - come on in for the best sashimi in Boston!, Wishing you all a happy and safe holiday!, Who's in the mood for some sashimi? Restaurant Week Wednesday - three courses for $33.09!, Come Sake Bombing at Uni tonight: a four course menu and a sake bomb for only $35.00!, Maki Monday tonight at Uni - all you can eat maki for only $32!, Even though there's a ton of snow out, Uni is still open!  Come on in., Nice write up of @UniSashimi courtesy of Leah Klein & Boston's Best Bites., M-M-M-Maki Monday is back!  All you can eat Maki for only $32!, Join us for Restaurant Week Wednesday: three courses for $33.09., Who doesn't love a sake bomb? Who doesn't love a sake bomb that comes with a 4 course dinner for $35?, 1 maki, 2 maki, 3 maki...all the maki you can eat at Uni's Maki Monday tonight!, I'm not exactly sure what is in the display case at Uni, but I know it will taste amazing when they're done with it., If it's Wednesday, @UniSashimi must have its Restaurant Week Wednesday special: 3 courses for $33.09!, Come Sake Bombing at Uni tonight: a four course menu and a sake bomb for only $35.00I, All a sumo can eat maki at Uni's Maki Monday tonight - just $32!, Hope everyone had a lovely Thanksgiving!  Sick of turkey, why not try something a little different tonight, like sashimi @UniSashimi, It's Restaurant Week Wednesday @UniSashimi: three course dinner for $33.09!, Who doesn't love a sake bomb? Who doesn't love a sake bomb that comes with a 4 course dinner for $35?, M-m-maki Monday tonight @UniSashimi: all you can eat maki for only $32.00!, Uni's open tonight, come on in after exploring the Back Bay on this gorgeous day., Don't forget Uni is open on Sundays now!, It's Restaurant Week Wednesday and that means a three-course dinner for $33.09!, Come Sake Bombing at Uni tonight: four course menu and a sake bomb for $35!, Maki maki maki: All the maki you can eat for $32.00 tonight in Uni!, Uni is now open on Sundays - come on in!, On the menu tonite: AKA Yagara (Japanese Cornet Fish) w/ caper-raisin puree, pickled romanesco & jalapeno., It's Restaurant Week Wednesday: a Chef's choice three-course dinner for $33.09!, Sake Bomb Tuesday: 4 course menu and a sake bomb for $35.00!, M-M-Maki Monday: All a sumo can eat maki for only $32.00!, Congrats to Chef Chung for winning Best Dish at the Starchefs.com Rising Star Revue last night: Pan Seared Abalone w/ mitaki, aka curry & pickled negi!, It's Restaurant Week Wednesday @UniSashimi - a three course dinner for $33.09., When I say Sake, you say Bomb. Sake! Bomb! Sake! Bomb! It's Sake Bomb Tuesday: 4 courses & a sake bomb, just $35., It's Maki Monday Madness tonight at Uni!  All you can eat maki for $32.00!, Uni is open tonight - come on in for some amazing sashimi!, Don't forget - Uni Sashimi Bar is open on Sundays now!, It's Restaurant Week Wednesday tonight @UniSashimi - get a three course dinner for $33.09!, Who doesn't love a sake bomb?  Who doesn't love a sake bomb that comes with a 4 course dinner for $35?, Maki, maki, maki - all the maki you can eat for $32.00!, Big shout out to Uni's Chris Chung for being one of Starchefs.com's Rising Stars!  Woo-hoo!  Congrats, Chris!, Join us tonight for Restaurant Week Wednesday - 3 courses for $33.09!, Sake Bomb!  Sake Bomb!  Come on in for Sake Bomb Tuesdays @UniSashimi: 4 course menu w/ a sake bomb for $35., It's Maki Monday!  All you can eat maki for $32.00!  Come on in., Uni is open tonight, come on in!, It's going to be a busy Head of the Charles Weekend!, Join us tonight for Restaurant Week Wednesday: a three-course menu for $33.09!, It's Sake Bomb Tuesday!  Come in for a four-course menu and a sake bomb for only $35.00!, Uni's open for dinner tonight!  Come on in!, On the menu tonight: Live Uni (Sea Urchin) with citrus rice, red shiso vinegar and basil seeds.  Yum!, It's Wednesday, that means Restaurant Week Wednesday at Uni: three courses for $33.09., I say Sake, you say Bomb. Sake! Bomb! Sake! Bomb! 4-courses & a sake bomb tonite @Unisashimi for Sake Bomb Tuesday!, Maki, Maki, Maki:  all the maki you can eat at Uni's Maki Monday tonight!, Don't forget: Uni is open on Sundays now!, On the menu tonight: Live Uni (Maine See Urchin) with citrus rice, red shiso vinegar and basil seeds., It's Restaurant Week Wednesday @UniSashimi - a 3-course dinner for $33.09!  Come on in!, Sake Bomb Tuesday tonight @UniSashimi - 4-course menu and a sake bomb for $35.00!, It's Maki Monday - one of our favorite nights of the week in Uni!  All you can eat Maki for $32.00., Tonight at Uni - Restaurant Week Wednesday: three-course dinner for $33.09.  Come one in!, Sake Bomb Tuesday tonight: 4-course menu and a sake bomb for $35.00.  Bombs away!, Maki Monday - tonight in Uni!  All you can eat maki for only $32.00.  Come on in!, Did you know Uni is open on Sundays now?, Announcing the start of Restaurant Week Wednesdays at Uni!  A three-course dinner for $33.09 starting tonight!, Bombs Away!  It's Sake Bomb Tuesday, our favorite day of the week: 4 course menu and a sake bomb for $35., Welcome back, Maki Monday, we missed you!  Join us for all you can eat maki tongiht in Uni!, Starting Sunday, September 20th, Uni will be open 7 days a week again., Chef just showed me the Sanma Sashimi (Pacific Saury) that he is serving w/ green apple puree, spicy candied ginger & red shiso.  Yum!, We're back!  Did you miss us?  We're getting back in to the swing of things with Sake Bomb Tuesday tonight.  Come on in!, Uni is closed until September 8th for vacation.  Hope you all have a great week!, I say Sake, you say Bomb. Sake! Bomb! Sake! Bomb! Announcing the return of Sake Bomb Tuesday tonight: 4-course menu and a sake bomb for $35.00, Announcing the return of Maki Monday!  All you can eat maki at Uni tonight for $32.00!, It's the last night for the Restaurant Week menu at Uni Sashimi Bar!, Last few days of Restaurant Week - don't miss out on this great menu at a great price., There will, unfortunately, be no Sake Bomb Tuesday tonight.  Instead, come in for our awesome Restaurant Week menu!, No Maki Monday tonight, but don't get too upset: we do have our Restaurant Week menu!  Call for reservations!, Start your Restaurant Week dinner at Uni with either the Spicy Shrimp Salad or the Poke (Yellowfin Tuna). Decisions, decisions..., I am happy to report, that while there is no Sake Bomb Tuesday tonight, we do have our Restaurant Week menu., No Maki Monday tonight.  Instead, we are offering the Restaurant Week menu: three courses for $33.09.  Come on in!, Uni is open tonight for Restaurant Week!  Call for reservations., Stuff @ Night named Chris Chung to its Hot 100 list for Hot Cross-Country Comeback!  We couldn't be happier he has returned!, Thanks to Boston Magazine for naming Uni Best Sushi!  Come see why at Sake Bomb Tuesday tonight - 4-course & a sake bomb for $35.00., Maki, maki, maki:  all the maki you can eat for only $32.00!  We aren't going to have Maki Monday for a couple of weeks after tonight so don't miss it!, Did you know Uni is participating in Restaurant Week?  Get your reservations before they are all gone!, It's Sake Bomb Tuesday!  Come in for alot of fun with a four-course menu and a sake bomb for only $35.00!, Did you know Uni is participating in Restaurant Week in August?  Make your reservations now for the special menu at $33.09., Just one of the items on the menu tonight: Tairagai & Uni (Japanese Panshell) with garlic ponzu, XO sauce & myoga., It's Tuesday & you all know what that means: Sake Bombing at Uni - four course menu & a sake bomb for $35.00., Maki, Maki, Maki - Maki Monday is here: all the maki you can eat for only $32.00!, Nice review of Uni on Carrotsncake.com, When I say Sake, you say Bomb.  Sake!  Bomb!  Sake!  Bomb! It's Sake Bomb Tuesday: four course dinner, sake and Sapporo for $35.00., It's Maki Monday at Uni tonight - all a sumo can eat maki for $32.00!, Did you know Uni is also on Twitter?  Follow us at www.twitter.com/unisashimi., It's Tuesday, you know what that means, right?  It's Sake Bomb Tuesday - four courses, sake and Sapporo for $35.00.  Come on in!, We are closed tonight to give our hardworking staff a small holiday break.  Come see us tomorrow for Sake Bomb Tuesday.  Maki Monday will return next week!, No sun in Boston?  Get Summer in a glass with a Lychee Martini: Stoli Strasberi vodka, lychee puree, freeze-dried strawberries and a basil sugared rim.  Yum!, Sake Bombing is on our minds!  Tonight at Uni - four course dinner, sake and Sapporo for only $35.00.  What a deal!, Chris had a shipment flown in from the Japanese fish market and is crafting some amazing dishes: Namatako (Japanese Raw Octopus) and Isaki (Japanese Three-Line Grunt) to name just a few!, Sake Bombing tonight at Uni - four-course dinner, sake and Sapporo for $35.00., It's Maki Monday at Uni tonight - you know what that means: all the maki you can eat for only $32.00!, Chef Chung is serving up a special dish tonight - Kinmedai: Pink Sea Bream with white ponzu, wolfberries and Benitade.  Yum!, Uni is on Twitter!  Follow us at www.twitter.com/unisashimi., Tiny Back Bay Sashimi Bar Beats Out Almost 20 Well Known Boston Contenders, Maki, Maki, Maki - all the maki you can eat tonight at Uni's Maki Monday., Check out the gorgeous food pictures in our new photo album., null, Uni is closed today and tomorrow for the holiday.  Have a great Memorial Day everyone!, Chef Chung has some amazing seafood arriving today, fresh from the Tokyo markets!  Don't miss out on these special items - check out our new website, www.unisashimibar.com, for more info., Come Sake Bombing at Uni tonight - four course dinner, sake and Sapporo for only $35.00.  What could be better?!?, Tonight is Sake Bomb Tuesday at Uni - four course dinner, sake and a Sapporo for only $35.00., Chris Chung is back at Uni, creating some amazing new sashimi.  Come on by!, Sake Bomb Tuesday, tonight at Uni.  Four courses, Sapporo and sake for $35.00., Join us in Uni for innovative small plates and an amazing sake list!, Restaurant Week may be over, but Uni still has great special menus - Maki Mondays and Sake Bomb Tuesdays!, Tonight is the last night for the Restaurant Week menu in Uni., Restaurant Week has been extended at Uni!  Through April 3rd, get three courses for $33.09.  No Maki Monday tonight., Live Ice Carvings at Uni tonight!

Join us tonight and watch live ice carvings by Chris Gould on the corner of Mass Ave and Comm Ave.  Uni will feature traditional Hokkaido Rui-be (sashimi on an ice block) by Youji., Boston Magazine's 50 Best Restaurants, Back by popular demand

Since Uni will be closed on Sundays until April, we are now offering our very popular Sake Bomb menu on Tuesdays through the rest of the Winter.

Come in on a Tuesday and enjoy a 4-course menu, Sapporo and sake for $35.00.  Of course, the full Uni menu is also available.

Hope to see you here!, Unfortunately, rock shrimp tempura does not count as maki!  But we have added it to the new Clio bar menu, so you can get it upstairs., Starting tonight, Uni is proud to announce Maki Mondays!  Join us for all you can eat maki for $32.00!, Thanks, Margarida!  We're so glad you enjoyed it!, null)