List(Check out what Bit Bar Salem are doing north of the city. So excited for our neighbors - we can't wait to come visit!, Getting everything ready for inspections! Check out our draft system all set up and lookin' fine. #OneStepCloser #BeerSoon, Another week of equipment testin' and water spillin' has come and gone, buy hey, we installed our faucets and they look damn good!

#OneStepCloser, Great writeup on us and our neighbors Night Shift Brewing and Short Path Distillery in the Everett Independent earlier this week! 

#EverettEthanolEnclave, Perplexing progress outdoors, shiny steel indoors, and luscious lighting for your bum to bask in: we are starting to look good! 

Check out this week's blog post for more pictures: http://www.boneup.beer/blog/brewery-tours-n-dinosaurs

#MovedIn #ComingTogether #BeerSoon, It's moving day! Time to finally get all this shit set up. #ItsLikeChristmas, null, Our interior buildout is (finally, mercifully) coming to a close in the coming weeks, which means the last big barrier to Brew Day is getting the outside of our building cleaned up! This is one of them good news/bad news situations, and we wrote this here blog post explaining what's up:, BostInno Marooned on a desert island for a year... but there's beer! Check out what our Boston-area brewing cousins (and yours truly) would be drinking:, Delightful news, friends: our pouring permit has been approved by the ABCC. This means that once we have beer available, you'll be able to hang out and drink it in our lovely little taproom! More details in the blog, but first here's a picture of that bar you'll be sippin' them suds on:, Want to know what'll be filling these here growlers first? Head on over to this week's blog post to find out... and admire some pictures of our freshly installed bar!

#ItsHappening #OpeningSoon, Among our "very exciting" construction "progress," we got our first grain delivery this week! Never before have a pile of bags looked so beautiful. Next week we'll (probably) be announcing our initial lineup of beers!, Don't be fooled by the title of this here blog post! We have made great strides in our buildout this week, but we have to save the details until our inspections are complete. In the midst of all the exhilarating government hubbub, we bring you a brief update:, Good news, everyone! We are happy to announce that the City of Everett has approved our pouring permit! Now, we still have to go through the Mass. liquor board, and we had a bunch of (unprecedented) delays thrown at us this week, but we are another giant step closer to getting up and running!, The hearing for our pouring permit is TONIGHT! If you're an Everett resident who would love a new place to kick back with a beer, please come out and voice your support! The hearing is at 6:30 PM in Everett City Hall, 2nd floor, room 29. 

Looking forward to seeing you there! #MAcraftbeer #EverettBeer, Hey now, we're starting to vaguely resemble a brewery! We gots us some walls... some kegs... pieces of a bar... been busy this week! Check out this week's blog for all the nuggets o' news:, Our first round o' kegs has arrived, and they are beautiful! Thank you Keg Solutions!, We finished up our taproom floors this week and hot damn do they look good! We’ve got a lot of exciting things planned for the coming days as well (well, exciting to us). One (big) step closer to being a Real Brewery!, What's all this paperwork? Why, it's our pouring permit application (only 100 more pages to go) hot off the press! More updates on our buildout in the blog this week: 

#ComingTogether #BuildingABrewery, Our kegs are in production, and they're lookin' damn good!, Though not everyone survived the day with all their fingers intact, we got us (most of) our hardwood floors installed! Aren't they lookin' good? #ComingTogether, Thanks for the mention, DRAFT!, Merry Christmas, friends! It's been a hell of a year and we've got a lot to celebrate and look forward to! We hope you will enjoy beer/family/pie as much as we will. Back with fun updates on our buildout next week., BIG NEWS FOLKS! City Hall has approved our site plan for 38 Norman St., which means we are a hell of a lot closer to opening our doors! Read all about it in this week’s blog post: https://www.boneup.beer/blog/we-done-it-kind-of

#PROGRESS, We had so much fun with Bit Fest this weekend! Here's to many more events and arcade games cheering up our humble warehouse!, We'll be helping out our neighbors at Bit Fest with their Winter Welcome bash and open house this Friday, so come on out to Everett and say hello!

Also, read all about the exciting, thrilling, never-ending repairs we're making to our floors in this week's blog post: https://www.boneup.beer/blog/in-which-we-finally-manage-to-overestimate-the-difficulty-of-a-project
#glamorous, We've got our monthly email newsletter up and running, kiddos! You can subscribe here on Facebook (click the email newsletter tab at the top of our page) or head on over to our site to do so. Either way, you probably shouldn't miss out on the antics ahead.

#FriendsOfBoneUp, Gettin' our ambiance up to snuff for you fine folks this week!  The taproom's painted, lights are strung, and all we have to do now is continue rocking back and forth twiddlin' our thumbs until we hear from the city on the 14th! More news in the blog: https://www.boneup.beer/blog/ambiance-for-reals-this-time, Check out our interview with Journey To The Beer Store!, The taproom is (finally) starting to come together! We finished painting just in time to lock up and go stuff our faces with pie, turkey, more pie...

https://www.boneup.beer/blog/in-which-we-remember-why-we-usually-avoid-painting, While our situation from last week hasn’t necessarily improved, we’re chuggin’ along anyway! We spent this week fightin’ the good fight against an ugly coat of paint and some holes in the wall. The ol’ brewery is actually starting to come together! 

More updates to come, as soon as we have them., Our attempts to get a head start on our local paperwork unearthed a whole wealth of new issues not even remotely under our control, hooray! Read all about it!, In which we reveal our first set of offerings…, Hey ho, we had a coat o’ paint slapped up on the walls this week, and finally started talking to the fine folks in city hall: the end, and by end I mean beginning, is imminent!, Another startlingly difficult project under our belts: GGGRRRROWLER LAMPS!, Got a nice nod from BostInno this afternoon. Holy hops, there's a lot of nearby breweries in the works! #bringonthebeer, Things are about to get hella real around here, starting real soon:, YOU GUYS we got so much accomplished this weekend, not least of all some partial assembly of the bar! We wrote some words about these nuggets o' news right here:, Great idea and some fine-looking coasters. There are three days left in this campaign and they are very close to being fully funded, so give 'em your money!

https://www.kickstarter.com/projects/fuhlspeed/the-coaster-craft-6-pack, We got a great interview in the Boston Examiner this morning! Read all about our trials, tribulations, and general beer philosophy here:, One step at a time, that's what we keep telling ourselves! Here's another doodle with a side serving of updates:, No big news this week (though we will certainly find out whether or not the new roof holds up to this rain), so here's some more art for the taproom!

More taproom previews and ramblin' about hops in this week's blog post: https://www.boneup.beer/blog/were-twiddlin-our-thumbs-but-at-least-we-got-art

Special thanks this week to comic artist Randy Milholland for sketchin' out this commission., Oh man, have we got some goodies for you! Here’s another preview of Things to Come in the taproom:, This weekend, Jared and Jimbo learned that we're pretty good at branding tap handles! Check out today's blog post: https://www.boneup.beer/blog/in-which-we-learn-about-sandpaper, Who took our trash pile? Who fixed the roof? Why is there a dang knife stuck in the ceiling? Find out in this week's blog post!, We've got signage out front now!, We gained an even deeper appreciation for ingredients during our day trip to Four Star Farms, Inc. last week! We even wrote some words about it! #hopsfordays, Taking a field trip to Four Star Farms, Inc. today to check out the process behind harvesting our hops! #MadeFromIngredients, So much news! And by news, we mean cleaning. But the space is coming along!, Steady progress on our renovations! We spent this weekend embracing the dust and dirt, starting with ripping apart this nasty carpeting!, If you are one of the many fine folks waiting with bated breath to find out more about what's going on with our opening, read this here blog post (picture unrelated): https://www.boneup.beer/blog/itll-happen-eventually, We're on vacation this week, but we've got some handsome pictures to tide you over:, Another week comes and goes with nothing of major interest to report... so here is a shiny picture of a skeleton and an octopus... on a lake... made out of pie?, Hoo boy, got some real non-news for ya this week: we started experimenting with different color schemes for our labels!, HEY! We got featured in this week's DigBoston - go pick up a copy or read Jared's interview online (p.14)

Words! Excitement! Beer!, "The space looks hella better without all the trash" and other highlights from a week of massive progress... lots of news in the blog post this week!, Progress continues on our handsome bartop! Also this week: the fourth installment in our label concept series: https://www.boneup.beer/blog/doodles-and-wood-and-gas-and-construction, Oh boy oh boy oh boy it's all happening! https://www.boneup.beer/blog/tramapoline-trambopoline, Just like we promised last week, no major news with some tasty-lookin' label artwork: https://www.boneup.beer/blog/in-which-we-confuse-lack-of-setbacks-for-progress, We are rolling out our label concepts each week this summer, and here's the first take on Wasted Life IPA! Read more in this week's blog post: http://bit.ly/1fhqYiF, Some kickass growler caps, because it's Friday, Construction on the bar is coming along magnificently! We can’t wait to see you all on the other side: https://www.boneup.beer/blog/sneak-preview-of-the-taproom-kinda, We have POWER!! New blog post today, as well as some updated information on our beers page: https://www.boneup.beer/blog/some-almost-news-thats-almost-exciting, Check out our kick-ass new floors! This is one of the bigger things that needed to get done for our buildout, and now we can move forward with other Fun Things! http://bit.ly/1LJrjFj, It's been a whole year since we embarked on this voyage! Holy schnikes! To celebrate everything we've gotten accomplished (more than nothing!) we put together a little somethin' - check it out: https://www.boneup.beer/blog/retrospectin, A somewhat straightforward answer on our opening timeline in this week's blog:, Coming soon to an abandoned industrial park near you… beer garden, ladder ball, and… chocolate rivers? Here’s this week’s update from our brewers: https://www.boneup.beer/blog/and-now-for-something-completely-similar, Oh dang, check out these tap handles! We began our foray in to wood burning this weekend and the first run don't look half-bad. Check it out: https://www.boneup.beer/blog/tap-handles-part-one, This week: hops are hoarded, walls are spackled, and garments are designed for your torsos! Take a look at the first round of t-shirt designs on the blog: https://www.boneup.beer/blog/holy-two-armed-garments, How have our brewers been keeping themselves busy all week? Spending a bunch of money on hops and conducting "important taproom research and development," obviously. New blog post: https://www.boneup.beer/blog/so-it-goes, Lacking any major developments in the past week, Jimbo drew y'all a pretty picture in lieu of this week's blog post! Check it out: https://www.boneup.beer/blog/this-thing, Jimbo’s got a new brewing toy! Check out the handcrafted goodness in this week’s blog! https://www.boneup.beer/blog/thats-a-paddlin, We've made hella construction progress over the last week! Just look at those (partial) walls... of course we blogged about it: http://bit.ly/1xgShRS, Everyone knows a snazzy ambiance makes beer taste better. Check out our concept sketches in this week’s blag!, The best wedding gift our founders could have hoped for: our TTB permits have been approved! New blog post!

P.S. Big shoutout to Eddie Powers, the best Elvis we could have hoped for!, We finally got an update from the TTB regarding our permits, and we continue to stamp our logo on everything. New blog post today! https://www.boneup.beer/blog/government-fun, Happy to announce we now have our First Run of hella handsome tulips available in the shop! So happy, in fact, we decided to ramble about it in a new blog post: https://www.boneup.beer/blog/tulips-consumerism-general-sassiness, We're just as snowed in as the rest of you in Boston, so Jimbo drew some stuff for you to look at:, Need a last minute Valentine's Day gift? Get your sweetheart a Bone Up shirt and we'll send it out as soon as the post office opens! Nothing says "let's make February 20th *our* valentine's day" like a brewery shirt!, New blog post! (spoiler alert: we have clothes for your body), By jove, we've got a store! Online BUBco merch is now available for purchase!, null, Official BUBco growlers, construction news, and some other words! New blog post., Kappy's Fine Wine & Spirits - Medford Barrel Series Ginger Libation: official Bone Up seal of approval!, Skulls and monsters and logos, oh my! New blog post., We just brewed a fresh-ass IPA brewed with some new, hard-to-get Neomexicanus hops!, Hey, you know what's good? Reusing spent grain. We aren't producing enough for local farmers to come pick up just yet, so Jimbo makes dog biscuits.

Combine 4 cups spent grain, 2 cups flour, 1 cup peanut butter, 2 eggs, some honey (optional). Bake at 225º F for 2.5 hours., Permitting process step 1 of 3: DONE. And other stuff!, Hey, we got our brewhouse (finally)! Check out the pictures on our blog!, Another year, another Christmas beer!, The saga continues, lots of excitement this past week!, We love it when people mention us! Excited to join the ranks with these other great breweries!, Eater Boston thanks for the shoutout!, New blog post, Happy Monday everyone!, WE EXIST!!! Great things are in store...
#boneupbrewing, null, null, We're announcing the brand-spankin'-new name of our brewery this week, so in the meantime you should check out the runners up: 
http://www.bonafidebrewingco.com/news/barnstormin, null, We go kind of all-out for our Christmas beers around here, and this year we whipped us up a batch of a big ol' imperial stout. In a flurry of inspiration, Jimbo (who will also be designing the labels for our big boy beers) whipped up a whole bunch of Christmassy goodness to stick on the bottles so check out the final design and the runners up below!, null, null, null, null)