List(We're ready for you Brew Woo!, null, null, null, The sun is finally out! It's time to get out there and put some color on our frighteningly white legs. Here are some of many upcoming events in which we will be attending:, Our first 12 oz cans. Hobo Life 4.5% Citra Session IPA. Available in the tap room today at 4. Headed out for distribution tomorrow., Canning 3,500 cases of Steal This Can, Hobo Life, and Boomsauce this week. All hands on deck., Nice company to be in., Tasting Room is open 12 to 6 today for your beer needs., 12 Oz #hobolife cans have landed. Can't wait to crush a sixer of these babies., We want to know where you are finding us CT! #hobosinCT, Proud to be pouring Hobo Life for the first time in Somerville ever at Redbones. So many other great Mass Brewers here as well. Cheers!, We're bringing Hobo Life on draft to Somerville for the first time tonight. See you all at Redbones!, Aaron from Vin Bin in Hopkinton, MA has FRESH Hobo Life., One of the best feelings you can have opening a new business is watching the calendar rotate. It never get's old. Something about the newness, and the risk, and the fear of failure that Passing Time pushes back into the corner. I've had 1, 5, 10, and 13 year anniversaries for places I built. But the ones I enjoy the most are the ones in the very beginning. When success is not yet assured. When pangs of anxiety slowly transition from intellectual handcuffs to hearty and totally satisfying chuckles. The Brewery is 9 months old today. Not a big deal as anniversaries go... but a milestone nevertheless. 9 months has seemed like years. But we are still so young. We are growing like crazy, having fun, and making beer we are proud of. I love seeing pictures of folks drinking our beer in Colorado, Buffalo, NYC, Burlington, Portland, and my home town of Boston of course. I am swollen with pride, and gratitude. A lot of people have worked really hard to make this project happen. I am extremely grateful to you. These are rich times my friends. I raise my can/s to you!, Thank you Hoof Hearted Brew Pub and Kitchen for this one green label. Now we won't be pinched all day., Hobo Life batch #2 canned this afternoon available in the Tap Room till 9pm., If you find yourself in the Berkshires make sure to swing by Kelly's package in Dalton and visit fridge #11, We're pouring beers for our friends at Troy tonight!, #showerbeer, It's Friday night, and spring is in the air! We are on our last keg of Consolation Prize for samples until we can squeeze another batch in. So come and get it while you can. #consolationprize #thanksforshowingup #lhbcorunnerup, Boston in the house! We're honored to share this paragraph with these great breweries. #boomsauce, null, We are flying through this baby. Come grab some 4 packs while you can..., Good Times in Jamaica., How many times have you ever wished that someone would just deliver you some sauce? Dreams do come true friends. And our livers have Buttery to thank for it., Mixed 4 packs are back! #Hobolife #consolationprize, This baby is ready at 4pm today. Cans, Growlers, and free tastes. Get some., Boomsauce's delinquent baby brother is hitting the street tomorrow. This 4.5% Citra Session will allow you to keep your wits about you while carrying out whatever it is that you hobos do. Cans and growler fills available at 4 tomorrow! #hobolife #imahobo, Beer Dinner tonight at 7pm. Love this bar!, We have a very special Chefy pants guest pourer today at the Boston Globe Travel Show! Come test his knowledge.

Click for tickets: http://bostonglobetravelshow.com/beer/, Thanks Glen Macnow and Joe Sixpack for the great review of Booomsauce on their Bar Talk show. 

"This is a really good beer." "A Winner." "A Real Serious IPA."

Boom sauce review starts at 2:00 of the show., Is it wrong to pick a favorite child?, Come by and say howdy to some Hobos this weekend! Use promo code BREW16 to get $5 off your ticket. #boomsauce

http://bostonglobetravelshow.com/beer/, Hobo Life Session IPA is in the tanks. 4.5%. A welcome change to my mornings after all the 9.5% Consolation Prize I was forced to drink this weekend!, Digby takes his beer very seriously. #dogsofhobo, Brew Crew hanging., Consolation Prize headed to Atlantic Importing for the great state of Massachusetts., Hand labeling 450 cases of Consolation Prize today. Open at 4pm. 9.5% DBL IPA. Maybe we should do a slumber party., Check out our ad in BeerAdvocate Issue #109 featuring Boomsauce, Hobo Life - our new Session IPA, and Steal This Can., That, my friends, is 51 BBL's of Consolation Prize. Being canned on Monday. Available at 4 pm for growlers, cans, and free tastes., Your winter warmer..., BOOMSAUCE now on tap at the Yard House in Lynnfield. Sweet!, Added a 2nd fork lift, and a shiny scissor lift to the arsenal today. Toys for grown ups., Cheeeeeeeeese. Enough said. But wait, there's more. We'll be pouring! Stop by and say hi., Stop by our booth at the Winter Jubilee for some cinnamon BOOMSAUCE., James, Vincenzo, and Matty will see you guys in Rhode Island today!, We've entered the Snapchat universe. Boom.
Username: lordhobobrewing, Fresh Boomsauce and Steal This Can headed to Atlantic Importing today. Sent out 2,400 cases and 200 kegs this week to VT, NY, CO, ME, and MA. Pretty cool., STEAL THIS CAN., Sports Day! Popeye and Brendan sacrificed their love for watching sports to make sure everyone has enough beer for the big game., These babies available at 4pm today., We're in NYC tonight at Alewife NY, The Jeffrey Beer Bar & Cafe and Fools Gold NY. Come and say hi to Daniel Lanigan and welcome Lord Hobo Brewing Co  to New York. Cheers., null, Brewing Hobo Life, our Citra Session IPA Feb 11. Ready to roll 15 days later., Super stoked to enter NYC next week, as well as NY State. Thanks to my partner Patrick D at Alewife for having this bad ass poster made to commemorate the occasion!, Hot off the press..., The Boston Globe Magazine: Best of the New 2015
Lord Hobo Brewing Co, Excited to announce that The Rhode Island Brew Fest will feature Lord Hobo Brewing Co as an invited "guest" brewery.  Join us in RI on January 30, 2016.
http://www.ribrewfest.com, Nice mention in the Boston Globe, 16 new ways to have fun in Boston in 2016:

Lord Hobo Brewing Co
5 Draper Street, Woburn, 781-281-0809
lordhobobrewing.com

Since 2009, Daniel Lanigan’s Cambridge watering hole has been a mecca for beer pilgrims. When the veteran barman announced long-awaited plans to open a brewery in Woburn, he promised big things. The facility itself certainly is large, with more than 40,000 square feet of industrial space. But the reason to go is the cavernous tasting room that once served as the showroom for a stone supplier. IPA lovers can savor a glass of the company’s hoppy flagship brew, Boom Sauce, or sample a steady flow of Lord Hobo’s pilot recipes with their fellow beer adventurers. It’s dog-friendly, too., Beer heading to MA, VT, ME, CO this week. And upstate NY on the 18th. Road trip!, Open today 12-10 for Growler fills, Cans to-go, and Free Tasters., Those of you who chose to continue drinking for a NY Resolution should come grab a fresh 4 pack and rub it in your friend's faces., Happy New Year! Brewery Hours 12/31 4 - 9 PM, Open 12-10 today. Happy Holidays., Merry Xmas! We got last minute LHBCo tshirts for you procrastinators out there. Come by to grab yours. Open 4-9 today, closed tomorrow., Staff Holiday tasting about to commence!, 2nd shipment to VT. About a month faster than we expected. Cheers!, Hoppy Wheat recipe development., We are 6 months old today., Hobosauce..., In good company., We're psyched to have our VT debut party with our friends at Three Penny Taproom! Hope to see some of you there., Beer canned today, heading to Vermont tomorrow., Lots of Boomsauce brewing this week.  Time for a silo., Offering up 2 new Pilot's Friday and Saturday. Single Hop Mosaic Wheat. 1 with 50% White Wheat, the other with 50% Red Wheat. Tasters and Growler Fills., null, This is a great way to get your foot into the brewing industry. Join a great team that brews delicious beers!, Holiday Tap Room Hours... 4-9 Today. 4-9 Wednesday. Closed Thursday. 4-10 Friday. 12-10 Sat. 12-6 Sun.

We still have some of the 4 Pilot Sessions we tapped yesterday, as well as 3 more new ones today. That is 7 Session IPA's you can drink for free, or buy in a growler to go. Happy Thanksgiving friends!, We've got 4 new pilot beers available Monday at 4. 4 versions of Session Steal This Can. 5%. Dry Hop variants are...

1) El Dorado, Nelson, w/cacao nibs/husks, and coffee beans
2) Azacca and El Dorado
3) Chinook and Horizon
4) Mosaic and Falconer's Flight

Only 5 gallons of each. Free tastes, and available for Growler Fill. Wednesday we'll have 4 versions of our Session IPA as well. Just in time for an IPA Marathon on Thanksgiving., T-4 Days to stock up for Thanksgiving. Don't procrastinate! Taproom is open from 12-6 today., Saturday pick-ups rule. 1,200 cases of Boomsauce going out for Thanksgiving week. Tasting room is open 12-10 today. Come drink some free beer!, Brewing Steal This Can today., Stealing This Can, and some memories., 112 Kegs of BOOMSAUCE headed out today. Bon voyage boys!, Updating cans..., We are loving our brewing team's first pilot session pale! So we've decided we can't just drink it all ourselves. We'll have a limited amount available for growler pours starting tonight until we run out., Tasting our 3 Session IPA prototypes. Will be our 3rd release after Boom and STC., Another 1,200 cases of Steal This Can going out today., Happy Halloween! The taproom is open normal hours to supply all of your beer for the party tonight. #beerglar #stealthiscan, Sculpin, Be Hoppy, Lunch, and Boom. You're killing it Tavern in the Square, Burlington!, Today's the kind of day that can only be finished by a growler of Consolation Prize. Am I right?!, null, These beauties canned yesterday. Available to-go 4-9 today., We had an awesome oops moment that went our way today when our Hops Broker showed up and told us we had 30,000 lbs of Galaxy for 2016. We thought it wasn't until 2017. #cropyearproblems, Happy Monday!, We'll be pouring at this fest this weekend with a bunch of our friends. Hope to see you there!, Drink A Beer To Ward Off Dementia: Antioxidant Found In Hops Prevents Oxidative Stress, Cognitive Decline

"Researchers from the University of Lanzhou, China, however, found in their new study that the flavonoid xanthohumol (Xn) may delay or even prevent the onset of dementia and other cognitive decline. The antioxidant, which is found in beer’s hops — those flowers that are added to beer for flavor, giving it its bitterness and tanginess (think most new, dark craft beers) — has been shown to have anti-cancer, anti-oxidation, and heart-protective properties, as well as the ability to prevent inflammation, Healthline reported.", Just added Lord Hobo Brewing Co to the #WZLXCraftBeerExperience October 9th and 10th., New shirts coming in Hot., There is a lot of justifiable concern over Craft Beer's long term viability due to raw material shortages. So this post scares the shit out of me. Crown is one of the 3 major Can manufacturer's. This will have a major impact on small brewers, mobile canners, and canning line manufacturers. We are using Ball Cans, and have already been told by them that we will no longer be able to get 'blank' cans, which we use for our non flagship beers. We can live with that. But we have many friends who rely on 'blank' cans to put their beer on the shelves. There will be some bad fallout from Can shortage., Hey Hobo's, our good friends at Jack's Abbey are opening their Pub tonight at their new facility in Framingham. I got to visit last week. Place looks amazeballs. Please check them out. Good luck guys!, 1200 cases of Steal This Can about to hit the streets., First Trademark., You might like this post from Kevin Broydrick of the Portland Phoenix, where talks about working in a local beer shop, and getting a call from someone who's looking for Dinner or Lunch from Maine Beer Company. Fun read and we get a mention. ;-), Killing it at GABF. So much fun., Here are the eight best IPAs Thrillist's Ben Robinson drank at the 2015 GABF.

https://www.thrillist.com/drink/nation/the-8-best-ipas-i-drank-at-the-2015-great-american-beer-festival, #boomsauce is on tap today at  Falling Rock Tap House in Denver at 6pm. So Stoked! #GABF2015 #craftbeer, Ball & Biscuit and Consolation Prize are tasting mighty fine today in the tap room. Come grab some cans or growlers of these delicious brews on your way home!, We're in Boulder, Colorado!, Today's flight selection! Now-10. Also serving Woburn's Louie's Pie., Thanks Kelsey Zimmerer and Blank Label  for the nice write up., We are hiring! Regional Sales Rep. Must have significant Beer Industry Sales experience. Email resume's to daniel@lordhobo.com, null, Are you really going to show up at home tonight without a growler of Consolation Prize?, All Staff dinner at Lord Hobo., Go Hobos Flight Flight Flight, It's a great day for some Whirlpool by our buds at Night Shift Brewing. Come by for pints, flights, and food trucks 12-10 today., I think McDonalds already blends Ketchup, Mustard, and Relish, but I like where your head is at!, null, We're finalizing the details for this Saturday's event, so stay tuned!, We don't have any pics of kids getting on the bus to go back to school, but we do have 1,080 cases of Boomsauce headed out on a truck this morning. Still sad to see you go., It's this handsome gent's last night at the Hobo Co. We'll be sad to see him go!!!, Join us at the 6th Annual Mass Brewers Fest on Friday, September 4th at the World Trade Center. 

Sample 100 different beers from 30+ Massachusetts breweries. Entrance fee includes unlimited two-ounce samples.

The Mass Brewers Fest will begin at 6:00 pm on Friday, September 4th at the World Trade Center Head House Concourse, located at 200 Seaport Boulevard, Boston.  

Tickets:
http://www.eventbrite.com/e/the-sixth-annual-mass-brewers-fest-tickets-17231910107, null, 155,000 Cans arriving this morning. The last round lasted 55 days. That's a lot of #boomsauce, Join us Saturday August 29th in Springfield, MA at the Valley Brew Fest. More than 50 brewers from throughout the Valley and beyond will be there.
http://valleybrewfest.com, Update from our Tasting Room. We've used up 27 of our 30 One Day Pouring Licenses. The last 3 will be Sept 5, 12, 19. Then we will go for our Full Pouring License. For now it's free 2 oz samples of our beers every day. We hope to have our permanent Pouring License later in the Fall. Unfortunately we are not allowed to use the One Day's and apply for Pouring License at the same time. You can still buy Cans and Growlers to-go every day., Good times today at Hopjam. So many great brewers and friends. Gorgeous Sun and Mountains. Vermont is pretty special., In Vermont? Join us at Hop Jam. Saturday August 22nd.  #VTHopJam http://vthopjam.con, The Boston Globe: When an expert taster decides to brew
Daniel Lanigan’s Cambridge bar, Lord Hobo, meticulously curates a draft list of 40 beers. Boom Sauce is the taster’s first signature brew.
http://www.bostonglobe.com/lifestyle/food-dining/2015/08/19/bottles/smhi7AQEYyYgQOLK5EFKhN/story.html, 7,000 ratings on Untappd in the last 60 days. I'm not sure what that means, but it seems crazy., Hello friends... here's a reminder that the Jimmy Fund Telethon is happening today and tomorrow. You can donate $10 up to 5 times by texting KCANCER to 20222. #kcancer, Yup, Not many people take advantage of making their own 4 pack of Boom and it's 3 blended parts. First person to do it today, will have their 4 pack bought by Kate., Mass Innovation Nights semi-annual Foodie event, MINFoodie9, is coming to Lord Hobo Brewing Co this Wednesday, August 12th from 6 - 8:30 pm. It's their biggest lineup of innovators ever. Stop by to see 17 new food and beverage related products. See more info and RSVP here: http://mass.innovationnights.com/events/mass-innovation-nights-min-foodie-9, Let's send this kid off with a proper Boston goodbye! John Paul is headed back to San Diego to continue his smarty pants ventures. Come have a pint with him before his flight away from us tonight., Thanks Hoppy Boston!, Limited amount of Consolation Prize in the Tap Room. 60 cases. Available 4-9 today., Serious Tetris Jenga happening right now. #boomsauce #parrott #jenga, Quick video of us canning., Our Depalletizer from Wild Goose arrived today. No more manual loading of cans., Cornhole is all set up, and ready to go! Let's see what you Hobos got. Thanks Hurricane!, We'll be pouring at Stone's 19th Anniversary Party in a couple weeks. Super stoked and honored to be invited. They want 4 half barrels for the fest, but our shipper wants 2 pallets. That leaves 12 kegs for Distro to SoCal. Hopefully we can find a place or two to pour. Either way, going to be a great weekend!, Best way to ship beer? Four 4 packs to be precise. USPS won't do it yet., Pre party pic. Sums up the night! Thanks for coming out everybody!, Today is our Grand Opening, starting at 3:00 PM, Saturday July 25th. The brewery opens at Noon.

New batches of Boomsauce, Steal This Can, Ball & Biscuit, and Consolation Prize. Plus Food Trucks and other shenanigans. Kid friendly. Dog friendly.

https://www.facebook.com/events/1498098857148966/, Steal This Can, canned this morning. Ball & Biscuit, canned yesterday. Boomsauce, canned Tuesday and Wednesday. Consolation Prize, kegged yesterday. All available in the Tap Room today 4-10., Here's a cool beer finder, from our friends at Atlantic Importing, that shows where you can get our beer in Massachusetts.
http://atlanticimporting.com/contact/product-finder/, null, BOOMSAUCE batch #2. Going into cans now. Available today at 4 in the Tap Room., It's hot out there kids. This majestic creature knows just how to cool you down!, We are 1 month old! I'm not sure what that means, but I like anniversary's. Tap Room is open 12-6 today for Pints, Growler Fills, and Cans., Saturday morning blending of Boomsauce, batch #2. More subtle heat.  Massive aroma. Better Carb level. Gorgeous color. Tsunami of pleasant bitterness. Great way to start a Saturday. Kegging and Canning this one Monday and Tuesday., Open 4-10 today, 12-10 tomorrow, and 12-6 Sunday. Don't die of thirst., Huge night at Taste of Cambridge! So fucking good., It's hard to condense a 3 hour interview into 2 pages, but we appreciate the recognition. I guess they didn't like our underwear photos., Whatever Vince is doing over there on his perch, is making my nose very happy., Open 12-6 today for Pints, Cans, and Growler fills. Get some beer for your mouth buddy!, Squishin' pups, and sippin' Sauce. You're hired, puppies., If this picture makes you a little thirsty, we are open tonight till 10, 12-10 tomorrow, and 12-6 Sunday., Our Massachusetts Distributor, Atlantic Importing, holding their bi-weekly Sales meeting at our facility. Never too early on a Friday for some fresh IPA's., So you're grilling for your fiends and want to impress them with your beer pairing skills, allow our Lady of the Knife to make some suggestions for you..., Boss says you probably need a growler fill for Humpday., Cheers to our friend Chris and the whole Notch team! Congrats!, null, 120 Kegs off to Atlantic Importing for distribution throughout Massachusetts. Whoop!, We are open at noon today for Cans to-go, growler fills, and pints. Happy 4th America!, Open 12-10 today. You don't want to run out of beer on Independence Day., Thanks Jeff Bannister for posting the pic of the week so far! We are super jealous. Cheers!, Holiday Hours. Today 4-9. Friday 12-10. Saturday 12-10. Sunday 12-6. Get some beer for your mouth for America!, Our Four Beers. Steal This Can. Ball & Biscuit. Consolation Prize. And the blend of the 3. Boomsauce. 6.4% 7.2% 9.2% 7.4%, Here's a list of upcoming events you can find our booth at...

July 25- Maine Brewers Guild Fest 
http://mainebrewersguild.org/beerfestival/

Aug 21/22- HopJam in VT 
http://vthopjam.com

Aug 29- Valley Fest in Springfield MA
http://valleybrewfest.com

Sept 24-26- G.A.B.F. in Denver
https://www.greatamericanbeerfestival.com

Oct 15-16- The Festival, Shelton Brothers, in St. Pete FL
http://www.sheltonbrothers.com/festival/

Oh, and we are also selling Boomsauce today 4-9., It's happening., Well, there we go. 4 beers. Available right now., Our 3rd beer is being released tonight. Growlers and tasters. Consolation Prize. It's drinking ridiculous., Blending day., Serving Pints, Samples, Growlers, and Cans all weekend. 4-10 today. 12-10 tomorrow. 12-6 Sunday., We need some of these for tables in our tasting room but are having a hard time locating them quickly. Anyone got any leads? Thanks!, Re- Boomsauce and Blending

I started blending beers on my own a few years ago when a beer I knew well was tasting off. The experiment was successful, and I continued to blend any time we had a beer on draft at Lord Hobo that was off. I started blending 3 beers together shortly thereafter and generally liked the results. I've grown weary with some of my favorite beers being super inconsistent. The goal of us blending at LHBCo, is for Boomsauce to one day (soon) become an extremely consistent product. The 3 components of BS, Steal This Can, Ball & Biscuit, and Consolation Prize, will always need tweaking. As you know there are a lot a variables that lead to a particular batch of beer being not exactly the same as the last. That is one of the great fun challenges of brewing, but it can also be damaging to a brand. I've seen lots of first timers try a well respected beer, but to get it in less than optimal condition (be it from a problem at the brewery, exposure to heat, dirty lines, dirty glassware etc...), and then to expect that flavor the next time, or worse, to be surprised or disappointed when they drink the beer as the brewer intended it to taste. For me, by blending our 3 beers into one, we can attempt to mediate the variance from batch to batch of the 3 component beers. Of course we will try our best to achieve predictable and consistent results with the 3 beers, but in the event that one of the 3 is off a touch, we can alter the blend ratio attempting to replicate the desired finished product. So we get to have fun tasting and blending and tweaking the ratios to get a more dynamic beer, and we get to deliver a product to the consumer that they can count on for consistency.

It does pose challenges. The 3 components take 24ish, 18ish, and 15ish days respectively. We have to dial in our brew schedule to accommodate different dry hopping schedules, finishing/carbing the beer and blending it bright. There are a lot of tank transfers and other blending challenges. Hell, it may be a dumb idea. But, with 6 months of pilot batches, endless blending, and a team up for this unique challenge, I am confident that we can put out a blended beer that is truly great.

Starting with a 40 BBL system and only 80 BBL FV's is obviously a risk. Going from 10 gallon batches to 1200 gallon batches (twice), presents a huge and expensive challenge. We don't want (and can not afford) to dump 160 kegs of beer. There was a lot of pressure on our brewers to nail the first batches. We brewed Consolation Prize first. That yeast strain is notoriously slow on Generation 1, and much to our dismay, it stalled. We did everything we could to revive it, but in the end we dumped it. 2000+ gallons of big beer. By the time it stalled, we had already double-brewed Ball & Biscuit, so we made the decision to proceed with Steal This Can. We Love those 2 beers and felt confident they would finish where we wanted them. So we opened our doors with no Boomsauce. We brewed Consolation Prize again, as well as the other 2 others. All 3 are super healthy and tasting great. We made the tweaks we thought necessary to all 3 the 2nd time around, and are currently amped up as we look forward to blending on Monday for our first Boomsauce release on Wednesday.

It will be a work in progress as we learn the nuances of our Brewhouse. The individual components will take time to dial in, and the blend will also. Once Boomsauce is exactly where I want it to be, I will let you know.

As far as the Brewery itself, we are open 7 days a week. Mon- Thur 4-9, Fri 4-10, Sat 12-10, Sun 12-6. We have growler fills, cans, and free samples Mon - Thur. Fri/Sat/Sun, we offer 5 oz tasters and 16 oz pours, for sale. This is specific to Woburn. We have located a License to Pour and will go through the License transfer process in September which will hopefully result in us having a 7 days a week pouring license. The 'tasting room' is a work in progress. We will expand the room to double it's size, and then install the appropriate tables and chairs fit for a proper Beer Hall. Until then we are sourcing some barrels so you have a place to stand around and rest your glass.

For now we have Steal This Can, and Ball & Biscuit, available. New batches of those, as well as Consolation Prize and Boomsauce on Wednesday.

We will also be brewing a session beer, as well as Glorious. Both will be first batches on our system.

Boomsauce will only be available at the Brewery, and at Lord Hobo, through July 4th weekend. Then you will see it in stores and on draft hopefully.

Thank you for your continued interest and support.

Cheers

LHBCo, So you're driving home on 93 or 95, you're stuck in traffic, and you've developed a thirst. We've got you covered. Growlers, cans, and samples. Ton of parking and too much staff. You are minutes away from fresh cold beer. Montvale Ave Exit 36 on 93. Washington St Exit 36 on 95., A lot of folks are asking about our tasting room at Lord Hobo Brewing Co. Just need a little patience. We will build a great room., Cans and growlers available 5-9 today., Open today 12-10, Sunday 12-6, and every day after. 2 beers available today on draught, cans, and growlers to-go. Steal This Can, and Ball & Biscuit. Boomsauce will be ready July 1. Cheers, Tomorrow 12-10. Sunday 12-6., First canning run. Dialing in our Wild Goose., We are hiring in our tasting room. Email kate@lordhobo.com if you're interested., 155,000 cans just arrived. Oh Lordy!, We are hiring for our tasting room. Please contact kate@lordhobo.com if you are interested., Many thanks to those of you that stopped by our booth this weekend at #ACBF. And thanks to our friends at The Tap in Haverhill, and at Berkley Beer, for letting us make some last minute beer for the fest. As for our Brewery, and it's opening, we have 3 80 BBL batches in FV's now... Consolation Prize, Ball & Biscuit, and Steal This Can. We are packaging the beer on the 15th and 16th, with the current expectation being that we open to the public the 19/20th. We'll keep you posted. Cheers!, Tap handles looking fresh., First Knock Out. Wait for it..., Final prep for 6 am tomorrow. Our first brew. 2nd brew in the afternoon. Goosebumps and funny anxiety. Finally., null, Firing up the Brewhouse., Brewery Update: Soon. Final wiring being completed today., Join us at the American Craft Beer Fest, May 29 & 30 in #Boston #ACBF http://beeradvocate.com/acbf/ We're bringing 5 beers!, Canning Line in the house., 2 of our buddies stopped by today., This is our boiler. It weighs 7,000 lbs and puts out 3 Million BTU's. 8 inch steam pipe and 4 inch gas line. It may not look like much to you. But all I can see is beer., Welp, looks like we are done working for the day., Trees out front coming in nicely., null, We are releasing 2 Hoppy beers tomorrow at Lord Hobo in Cambridge. Limited supply of both at 1 pm and 5 pm. That will be it until ACBF. We hope to open the Brewery to the public that same weekend, but that will be tight. Hope to see some of you tomorrow!, We are officially a Brewery., null, We got a nice surprise from our Brewhouse manufacturer, DME. This gorgeous metal sign of our logo showed up today. It's a beauty!, Well, there we are. All tanks set up. Some glycol and steamwork left and we'll be ready to fire it up., Oh hey Fermenters., Valves and clamps and pumps and pipes! Let's roll., null, Everything in place end of day tomorrow. Then some commissioning. Then some beer., Change cometh., null, As seen in Boston Magazine, Step Up Your Bar Crawl.
http://www.bostonmagazine.com/restaurants/article/2015/03/24/beer-bars-boston/, I never thought I could have so much affection for a crane., Took a walk through the brewery today. Impressive. Steve, Forgot to post a pic of our epoxy floor. Up close it looks a lot like the ocean. Pretty cool., Kettle, Whirlpool, cold Liquor Tank. One more truckload to go., Hoodies are in. Email us if you want one. Kate@lordhobo.com, Worth being Fussed Over., Tap Handle prototype., Off Flavor tasting panel. Total misery., Reservoir Hobo's., First Hop delivery today. 1500 lbs of Mosaic., Satisfying day at the Brewery., 80BBL FV on a crane ride., Getting our space all pretty for delivery of our tanks tomorrow morning. Vince, Dave, and Matt are looking sweet in their Haz Mat suits, Making progress. Brewhouse will be in this space next week!, Blind tasting begins. Our IPA with Melvin 2X4, Pliny the Younger, Elder, Comrade Hop Chops, and others., Final Inspection of our Brewhouse at DME in Nova Scotia today. Pretty excited., I am 'working' at the Brewery today. And by 'working' I mean I am tasting 6 test batch beers., Article from Boston Magazine., Spent part of the last 2 days at Smuttynose, Redhook, and Two Roads, checking out packaging and operations. Awesome hospitality. Blasting up Rt 84E now trying to get to Tree House before it closes at 8!, My new best friend., Need a snowblower? After driving around to all the big box stores this morning and coming away empty handed... these local guys had a ton of Snowblowers and Generators., We've got 47,500 sq ft of Roof to worry about tonight. Looks like we'll be sleeping over. Could be stuck at worse places!, I wish you were all sampling these beers with me., Brewer's Notice approved. Whoop!, Such restraint., Oh hello test beer #12. You delicious sexy juice blanket., This elusive piece of paper is finally where it belongs. Now we can receive our equipment and build our taproom. Let's roll!, Big day today. Floors!, Test batching leads to Test Tasting. Hello Friday., Test Batch Tuesday., If you're stuck on 93 or 95 near Woburn swing by the Brewery. Trying our test batches., Brewery dog. Handsome devil., Tuesday afternoon tasting. In the name of research of course., Our crew is headed to Three Floyds Brewing Co on Friday for a tour and some brews. That's how we get creative waiting on permits., These babies shipping out later this week. Whoop!, This is the last Thanksgiving you'll ever have to go without Boomsauce. Another thing to be thankful for!, null, Happy to announce that we have added Vince Tursi to our team. Welcome to Hobo Vince!, Our first pilot/test batch in our Brewery today! Big day! Our 5 BBL and 40 BBL Brewhouse's will arrive any day. Whoop!, Some of our 80 BBL Fermenters under construction at DME. Beer porn., HONEST PINT: LORD HOBO BREWING COMPANY
"If you want something done right, sometimes you have to do it yourself.

Daniel Lanigan, proprietor of Inman Square-pedigreed suds haunt Lord Hobo and two kin craft beer destinations in New York and Baltimore (see: Alewife), wants more excellent beer that’s easy to procure. And he will make it happen by opening a brewery."

http://digboston.com/boston-beer-brewing/2014/10/honest-pint-lord-hobo-brewing-company/, We are hiring. Job posting , This was the last film that was taped in our building. Before that we had American Hustle, and Ted. Funny to think of Cameron Diaz roller skating half nude around our retail space. , Checking out the progress of the drain installation., Or maybe you like this one better?, In the Globe today., 5 vessel 40 BBL Brewhouse arrives 2 months from today. Shit is getting Real., First Trench Drain cutting. Construction is officially under way., null, Zoning Approved. Brewing 24/7

Retail Hours
Mon - Thur 4-9
Fri 4-10
Sat 12-10
Sun 12-6

Fresh Beers To Go., I posted this on Saturday... but in case you were at the beach here's a quick tour of the Brewery space., Not every day you hoist up your first American flag., Zoning Board Hearing tonight! Dear Woborn, we hope you feel as these ladies do. #wewantbeer, Please bring me a beer!, One of the things you can do while you're waiting 5 months for your Brewhouse to arrive is build kick ass Jockey Boxes for back yard fun and Beer Fests., null, null, We have Internet now. Which I think makes us kind of Official., null, null)