List(Special: lightly battered fried shrimp tossed with savory sweet sauce, lemongrass, parsley, chili, garlic, crushed peanuts. Come get it!!!, Travel Thailand like a pro: Tips for visiting Thai Temples

http://khaosarnboston.com/2014/03/05/travel-thailand-like-a-pro-tips-for-visiting-thai-temples/, Nam Khao: Spicy crispy rice balls salad, cured pork sausages (Nam) grated coconuts, kaffir levels, roasted peanuts, ginger, red onions, lettuce wrap., This Thai specialty will have you breathing fire!

http://khaosarnboston.com/2014/01/18/this-thai-specialty-will-have-you-breathing-fire/, Gin Kow! A crash course in speaking Thai for diners.

http://khaosarnboston.com/2014/03/12/gin-kow-a-crash-course-in-speaking-thai-for-diners/, Yes, Khao Sarn is open for dinner! Just because it's snowing out, doesn't mean you can't have some delicious Thai food tonight! #Brookline #Boston #foodie #SnowDay

https://twitter.com/khaosarnboston/status/696817652191399940, Krabi Thailand..Aonang Night Market, fresh seafood, delicious meal and lively town! #freshseafood #krabithailand #aonangkrabi #nightmarket #LoveAtFirstFlight, Khao Sarn is in Bangkok right now, searching for a little inspiration for new dishes to add to our menu. Maybe we should start serving #streetmeat like these! So delicious! #ThaiFood #Foodie, Khao Sarn is on Instagram now! Follow us for news, specials, and pictures of food so delicious you can taste it through the screen! #ThaiFood #Boston #foodie

https://instagram.com/p/BAlAETGSazZ/, Another amazing Khao Sarn creation! Come in and try one, and help us give it a name! #ThaiFood #Boston #foodie, Follow us on Twitter @KhaoSarnBoston for specials, news, announcements, and because you just love the way our food looks and tastes!

www.twitter.com/KhaoSarnBoston, It's Saturday night, come join us for dinner! 250 Harvard St. Brookline #ThaiFood #Foodie #Boston, Holiday Cocktail Special #peppermintwhitecholate #pearmartni, Make a reservation and join us for the Holiday Season! #seasonofgivingandsharing, Can you believe it? December is here. You know what that means? All the delicious holiday treats you can eat!, Shop local, Eat local! Support #SmallBusinessSaturday, Happy Thanksgiving! Have fun, stay safe, and more importantly...stuff yourself till your heart's content!, We will be closed on Thursday 26th! Happy Thanksgiving everyone!, #FlashbackFriday: You edition! Share with us the experience you had the first time you came to Khao Sarn. How did you hear about us? What did you order? We want to know!, We all know that every rose has its thorn. But luckily for us, a pumpkin is only a little viny., We are excited about the Holidays! The wine list looks great!, More to love, and more to give. When it comes to food, the best way to enjoy it is to indulge. Savoring each and every bite and relishing the flavor, which is why we always make sure that each of our dishes is made to delectable perfection., Special-Pumpkin Custard.., This what Fall is all about... Pumpkin Curry!, The beauty of Thailand caught in the simplicity of a photo. #thailand #thaituesday #beautyofthailand, Do you know what the warm aroma of the first day of autumn reminds us of? Our Thai Iced Tea! #autumn #thaitea, Sunday is always the perfect day for ice cream, don't you think? #omnomnom #icecream, We love to get our tastebuds tingling just as much as you do, especially with one of our favorite dishes, Tod Mun, which is new on our special menu!, The holidays are slowly, but surely, creeping up on us. Our favorite part? Creating delicious holiday desserts. Just wait till you see what we have in store for you in the next few months! #fbf #flashbackfriday, What we love about Sai Oua is that it’s versatile. So, instead of Pork Sai Oua, why not try our new Chicken Sai Oua?, Very Important PSA: Johnny Depp will be in Coolidge Corner tonight for a screening of Black Mass at the Coolidge Corner Theater. Make sure to check it out (and swing by Khao Sarn afterwards!) http://bit.ly/1KonKpH, Fourteen years ago today, the U.S. experienced a tragedy that didn't break our nation, but united us. Let's take a moment to remember our past to pave the way for a better future. #patriotday #neverforget, Happy Labor Day! Got any plans for your day off? #laborday #happylaborday, #TGIF! Do you know what always sounds good on a Friday night? Lounging around in comfy pajamas, marathoning your favorite series, and ordering takeout. https://www.diningin.com/a-la-carte/restaurant-menu/khao-sarn/boston/02446/1100055, Here in Boston, there's always something new to discover to feed the foodie in you. And, with the right amount of spice, your tastebuds will go soaring to new heights. #thaituesday, Dining out is always an adventure because when you find the dish that will tickle your tastebuds and satisfy your unique palate, you'll always crave for more. http://khaosarnboston.com/#np-61, A #delicious flashback to an event we catered earlier this year! #fbf #flashbackfriday, What a beauty!! Salmon Haw Mok- salmon steamed with red curry in banana leaf. Yum!, When it comes to authentic Thai cuisine, it all comes down to the taste, texture, and visual representation of the dish. Everything has to be just right. We want you to have the best and most genuine experience when you dine with us, whether you're a first timer or veteran of Thai food., Long day? Stop by Khao Sarn to relax and have a drink! #thirstythursday, In case it's not hot enough for you today, try our Spicy fried chicken wings with Jalapeños. Happy Sunday!, The best way to garnish and add flavor to any meal? Two words: Thai chili. #thaituesday #thaispicy, Instead of explaining why our fried rice is so special, we're going to show you! #delicious #omnomnom, Start your weekend off with a #delectable lunch from Khao Sarn., Excited about this..Blackbird Rose!! still going strong  with RosE Month! :) cheers!!, Make your lunchtime #epic with our #delicious green curry with stuffed squid! #thaituesday #thaispicy #omnomnom, Did you know that it's Rose Month? To celebrate, we'll be featuring Sparkling Rose from Provence, France, and Napa Valley! #rosemonth, We're going back to the basics with our chicken gaprow and fried egg! #throwbackthursday #tbt, Happy 4th of July! We will be closed today, but our doors will open again tomorrow., Need a weekend getaway? Your destination is Khao Sarn., Did you know that monks visited our restaurant for Thai New Year? #throwbackthursday #tbt, Indulge your senses with the authentic cuisine of Thailand here at Khao Sarn. http://ow.ly/i/bnyCt, We’re excited to announce our new partnership with Beaver Brook Bottles! To buy any of the great wine you enjoyed with your meal, visit BeaverBrookBottles.com. Can’t make it? Good news: They deliver!, We're about our softshell crab special this week. I mean... just look at it. Sourced locally from Snappy Lobster Co. #LegsForDays #EatLocal, What's your favorite way to eat Penang curry? We're currently featuring a special Penang Stew Beef: stewed chunks of tender beef, peanuts, whole sweet onions & red potatoes, swimming in a flavorful curry., Summer is here! Soft Shell Crab in light batter & served with sweet cucumber sauce.
For the past three years, we've partnered with Snappy Lobster Co., supporting sustainable fishing practices and bringing quality seafood to your table!, New Special: Stir-fried Tilapia in chili sauce, just in time to celebrate Mom!Happy Mother's Day!, People who visit Thailand always come back raving about the soups they've had. It's true, Thai soups are a complex, fragrant, beautifully balanced mix of ingredients! 

Want to give it a go? Now you can try your hand at making a traditional Tom Kha Gai with this recipe! http://ow.ly/LgJp7, Planning on visiting Thailand this year? We hope you do, but then of course, we're biased.  But did you know that there is a specific etiquette for visiting the beautiful Buddhist temples of Thailand? 

Don't worry, it's nothing scary, but we've compiled a little quick-reference guide for those of you planning a visit. You can find it on our blog. http://ow.ly/LgIMa, We all know that in the U.S., chicken soup is the go-to food when you're feeling a bit under the weather. However, if that's not really your speed, you might want to try the Thai specialty congee the next time you're fighting off a cold...or even if you're  not. Check out our blog for a recipe for this traditional Thai comfort food. http://ow.ly/LgHNP, It's all well and good when you are dining in a restaurant stateside; the menu is usually printed in Thai and in English. But what about when you're roaming the backstreets of Bangkok, looking for the perfect street food experience, or perhaps searching for that undiscovered restaurant that will turn out to be the highlight of your trip? 

Check out our blog for this crash course in Thai for diners and learn the words for some popular dishes - you'll never find yourself ordering the unknown, and at the very least, you'll impress the waiter! http://ow.ly/LeaBi, Been wondering about who's behind all of our delicious, award-winning Northern Thai cuisine? Visit the Khao Sarn blog to read more about the family behind the food! http://ow.ly/Le3Np, Feel like Thai tonight? We've got this. Khao Sarn offers a large selection of Authentic Northern Thai dishes, and even delivers them to your door! Check out our lunch and dinner menu offerings and experience a little slice of Northern Thailand! http://ow.ly/Le2x8, Time to Sharpen Your Spice Game! At Khao Sarn Fine Cuisine, our aim is to bring you the most authentic, highest-quality exotic spices from Northern Thailand, and deliver them to you in a delicious and perfectly-balanced dish! Want to understand more about Thai spices? Check out this article on the seven spices that any Thai food lover's kitchen can't be without! http://ow.ly/Lbxbo, April 13-15 is the Thai Celebration of Songkran, the Thai new year. The tradition during Songkran is that citizens splash each other in water, signifying a cleansing-away of all sins. Also known as the Water Festival, Songkran has grown to quite a major event on the tourist circuit as well, with people from all around the world descending upon Thailand to help "wring" in the new year in style. Khao Sarn would like to wish you "suk san wan Songkran" - happy Songkran Day!, Khao Sarn Fine Cuisine can now deliver the authentic taste of Northern Thailand directly to your doorstep. We are happy to be able to offer you our delivery menu via Dining In! http://ow.ly/LbwyK, At Khao Sarn Fine Cuisine, all of our dishes reflect the Northern Thai roots of the Aramthip family, who have owned and operated the Zagat-rated restaurant for the past 12 years! Whether you're looking for a quick lunch, an anniversary dinner, or to host a special event, we've got authenticity on our side! We'll make your event, whether it's a quick meal or a celebration of an important milestone, something to remember! 
http://ow.ly/L8owR, Feeling like Thai tonight? We've got you covered. Stop by Khao Sarn Fine Cuisine and let us show you why we have been one of the Boston area's most authentic Thai experiences for the past 12 years!  http://ow.ly/L6mMX, Ah, Thailand. While we may not be able to bring you their sunny, tropical weather, we can certainly bring you an authentic Thai culinary experience. Check out the menu options at the Zagat-rated Khao Sarn restaurant and see what tickles your fancy! http://ow.ly/L4Dn1, Planning a special event in the Boston area and looking for the perfect culinary accompaniment? Why not take your guests to Thailand? Book your party with Khao Sarn Cuisine - check out our menus online! http://ow.ly/L3reR, Time for lunch? Why not take a trip to Thailand? Khao Sarn Fine Cuisine can take you there, and have you back in time for your afternoon meeting! Check out our lunch specials menu and pick your flavor destination! http://ow.ly/L4CNn, After you've stopped to smell the roses, invigorate all your senses with Thai cuisine from Khao Sarn! #TakeAWalkInTheParkDay, Get your grub on!, We were so honored to be one of the participants at this year 2015, A Taste of Ginger!  A part of a culinary and cultural experience to benefit Joslin's Asian American Diabetes, Celebrate the first day of Spring with some spring rolls from Khao Sarn! #firstdayofspring #springhassprung, It's St. Patrick's Day! #StPatricksDayBoston, Finger-lickin' Friday? We think so! #TGIF, Lazy Saturday afternoon? Order our food to go. You won't be disappointed!, Our Sai Oua is guaranteed to get your week started right., Dinner just got a little easier! Have our food delivered straight to you through @doordash_boston., We want to wish you a happy Valentine’s Day! http://ow.ly/i/8Efnn, Thank you Mayor Walsh! Support your local businesses, shop local and eat local this weekend! Another storm on its way, stay safe!, Treat your sweetheart to something special this Valentine’s Day and reserve a table with us! #valentinesdayboston, The closer we are to February, the closer we are to Valentine’s Day! Wow your date by making a reservation with us., Due to inclement weather, we will be closed today, Tuesday 27th. We hope you stay warm and safe!, Week’s done! Time to sit back, relax, and have our food delivered to you through @doordash_boston. http://ow.ly/i/87L4g, A new year means new memories! What are you looking forward to in 2015? #happynewyear, It’s New Year’s Eve! What are your plans for tonight? We are closed tomorrow for lunch, but we’ll be open for dinner. #newyearseve, All customers who come in New Year’s Eve will get a complementary glass of Prosecco! http://ow.ly/i/86Kjs, Merry Christmas from all of us at KS! Our annual Secret Santa party, Merry Christmas from all of us at Khao Sarn! #merryxmas, As a thank you for your support, those who make a reservation with us for New Year’s Eve in advance will get a complementary glass of wine., Let us take care of your dinner tonight! Order thru @doordash_boston to have our food delivered right to you., Holiday hours update: We are open Christmas Eve, but remember to make a reservation as it’ll be a busy night in Brookline. Closed Xmas day., A holiday party treat: Sai Oua, our spicy Thai pork sausages, is so popular that we shipped it to New York!, Congratulations to Rodman Ride for Kids. We are so happy to be a part of  the 12th annual event!!, We’re closing from 2 to 5pm today to host a private party. Sorry for the inconvenience!, We have a delicious treat in store for you this holiday season. Introducing... The Khao Sarn Negroni!, Don’t feel like leaving the home? We’ve partnered up with DoorDash (@doordash_boston) to deliver our food directly to you!, Introducing our new drink: the MarkCar! We created this special drink to pay homage to our friend and regular, Larry., Our doors close early today for a private party. 8pm to be exact!, Make your holiday party the talk of the town by booking it with us!, You wanted it, and now you have it! Our homemade pork and shrimp dumplings have made a permanent home on our menu., Need something sweet? Lychee, nice and chilled, will hit the spot. #sweettooth, Our Singha Fest is still going strong! $3 Singha for the rest of this month., Wine of the week: 2011 Vin D'Alsace, Sipp Mack, Pinot Gris, Alsace France. Perfect pairing with our new Fall menu, Pumpkin Curry!, New to the menu: Pad Thai Woonsen! Shrimp, calamari, ground peanuts, bean sprouts, and scallions served in sweet & spicy Sriracha sauce., What's the best part of autumn? Our Pumpkin Curry Special, that's what! #pumpkineverything, Rough Saturday night? You look like you could use some pad kee mao. #HangoverCure, Fresh sweet corn, pumpkin, spinach in Thai “Gang Liang” Paste spicy (mild). Our very own recipe of fish-paste broth. http://ow.ly/i/70rmD, Beer Fest is here, so we’re doing our own “Singha Fest.” Singha will be on our menu for $3 from Sept to Oct! Cheers! http://ow.ly/i/6Rm00, Our sweet delicious honey glazed ribs: honey, wine, and Thai coffee. Yum! Pair it off with some beer., The woman behind our success. Picture of mom in Thailand in 2011. #tbt #throwbackthursday, Come check out some new artwork from Thailand at our restaurant!, On a scale of 1 to #hangry, how much are you craving this right now?, No catering like Thai catering from Khao Sarn! #foodcoma, New on the menu: Honey Glazed Ribs served with chili powder & pickled mustard green. Yum!!, When the weekend's here, we like to sit back and relax with some Mai-Thai. #tgif, Got a case of the Mondays? Crispy Chicken Gapow for the win! #EatingMyFeelings, Here is an idea for your next Summer party....and you don't even have to cook! Let us do all the work for you!, Turn up the heat by asking for your food "Thai Spicy." (Don't say we didn't warn you!), Today's National Tequila Day! As if you needed another reason to celebrate. Come by and cool off with a shot or two. #DrinkResponsibly, Mondays are best paired with a side of Yum Nuer (Spicy Beef Salad)., New special: Pandan Cake, light, fluffy decadent but not over indulgent & topped with Coconut flakes..the perfect Summer treat!, Here's a photo of our beautiful owner, Cholada Aramthip from 2010! #tbt #ThrowbackThursday, Happy National Pina Colada Day! What kinds of cocktails would you like to see added to our menu? We'll buy you a drink if we add it!, Our favorite remedy for a holiday weekend #hangover is copious amounts of #PadThai. What's yours?, Happy 4th of July, Bostonians! #fireworks #bostonstrong, We will be watching USA vs Belgium at our bar today, stop by for a cold  beer and delicious $4 appetizers before 7pm! Cholada will be behind the bar tonight:)..Go USA!!, When sharing appetizers, how many spring rolls would you allow your dining partner to eat from this pile? #DeepQuestions, Despite the #GreatLimeShortage2014, we’re still serving delicious Tom Yum soup for the denizens of #Boston. #ShowMustGoOn, Nothing quite like a snack of chive dumplings and Thai iced tea to chase away the Monday blues., Lunch today: Chicken Basil. Get in my tummy…, Anyone catch the #Thailand episode of Anthony Bourdain's #PartsUnknown? We were so proud our Northern dishes were repped!  Nothing like a bowl of curry noodles (aka #KhaoSoi) and spicy sausage to soothe the soul. Sadly, we won't be serving raw blood soup anytime soon..., We’ll be at the Ordination Ceremony for Rayhem’s new Thai temple (largest outside Thailand!) on the Sunday the 15th, and also attending the International Buddhists Seminar tomorrow., Dinner tonight: pure, classic chicken and broccoli. Pleasant and uncomplicated, like puppy smiles and sunshine., Happy Friday! Why don't you treat yourself to something delicious?, null, Happy Mother’s Day to all the amazing moms out there! What’s the best piece of wisdom your mother has given you?, There's more to this Mother's Day weekend! Our very owned homemade Pork & Shrimp dumplings and Steamed Chive Dumplings, perfect for Thai Sunday brunch:), Mother's weekend special: Whole Branzino cooked in light spicy broth, Bok choy, lemongrass, kafir leaves, mushroom. Delicious!, Treat mom to a dinner at Khao Sarn! Those with reservations get complimentary mimosas. Call us: (617) 566-7200., What’s the one Thai dish you’d take to a desert island?, April showers bring… more May showers! Hope you’re enjoying the slow start to spring., Just in case you needed a reminder that Thailand is amazing…, Get your tickets to this tasty event now and support a great cause! http://ow.ly/vxsTR, Who's cheering on the Sox tonight?, Thailand’s Songkran Festival has begun! Cue the water fights! http://ow.ly/vxsBv, Happy Songkran everyone, Happy Thai New Year!!, Looking for a great Asian market in Boston? Yelp to the rescue! http://bit.ly/QYW7vh, What Thai favorite (that just happens to be on our menu) might be better than a sports drink? Keep reading! http://ow.ly/u8tDb, #DishOfTheDay: Shrimp Basil Fried Rice. All your favorite Thai flavors in one delicious dish., Get to know our Khao Sarn family! | Authentic Thai Food in Brookline, MA http://ow.ly/uYiw5, Thailand made the list for top places to swim with a… http://ow.ly/u8tvr, Check out our new special: BBQ Chicken, papaya salad & sticky rice. A perfect lunch!, It’s officially spring! Say goodbye to winter with a refreshing lychee or young coconut smoothie from Khao Sarn!, Three Thai movies you need to watch! #thaifilms #thaicinema http://ow.ly/uJi8y, Happy St. Patrick’s Day! Celebrate Thai-style with a spicy green curry and a cold Singha!, Happy St. Patrick’s Day! Celebrate Thai-style with a spicy green curry and a cold Singha!, Want a full Thai experience in Brookline? Enjoy a class at Thai Boston Yoga, then refuel at Khao Sarn! http://ow.ly/u8t7r, New Special: Jessey Noodles. Rice noodle rolls, fried tofu, ground chicken, garlic, sprouts and scallions in sweet, tangy brown sauce., Want to enjoy a tropical getaway and cross “make friends with an elephant” off your bucket list? http://ow.ly/u8t06, #DishOfTheDay: Chicken Massaman Curry. A delicious mix of Thai and Indonesian flavors!, Gin Kow! A crash course in speaking Thai for diners. http://ow.ly/uuCLm, Heads up! Daylight Savings Time starts today. Have you ever forgotten to reset your clocks?, Pick your jaw off the floor after you check out these amazing photos of Thailand! http://ow.ly/u8sKQ, Travel Thailand Like a Pro: Tips for Visiting Thai Temples. #ThaiTravel http://ow.ly/ufdIP, Happy Mardi Gras, everyone! How are you going to celebrate?, A wonderful chance to support Boston restaurants and a great cause! Check it out! http://ow.ly/u8sz4, Throwing a dinner party? This Thai recipe from @victoriahansen will really impress your guests! #thaicooking http://ow.ly/t8f97, Have you had a great Khao Sarn dining experience? Yelp it! http://ow.ly/t8eef, Stop in for a Sunday snack at Khao Sarn. Our Thai beer and appetizers are perfect for a chilly winter afternoon., If you've eaten every dish on this list from @migrationology we salute you - especially if you’ve tried no. 26! #thaistreetfood http://ow.ly/t8dEz, #DishOfTheDay: Indonesian Fried Rice. Shrimp fried rice with Indonesian curry sauce, mushrooms and chicken.Yum!, Kick a cold in the pants with this easy and satisfying Thai recipe. #ThaiCooking #ThaiRecipe http://ow.ly/tLysJ, This might be the strangest place in the world to get married! #trangunderwaterwedding #travelthailand http://ow.ly/t8dfT, Mmm! Change up your breakfast routine with this tasty Thai omelet from @RachelCooksThai. http://ow.ly/t8d8y, Valentine's Day Specials: Curry Lover's Specials. Dessert: Cheesecake:mango puree and fresh mango. Special Drink: Cha Yen on the rocks: Thai tea, rum, St.Germain, lime, bitters. Happy Valentine's Day!, #HappyValentinesDay! Celebrate at Khao Sarn with a sweet and spicy dinner for two., Something you might want to say to someone special tomorrow: p̄hm rạk khuṇ. #LearnThai, You have never had BBQ like this before! #ThaiBBQ #ThaiCooking http://ow.ly/txWmW, Only four days left to make your #ValentinesDay reservations at Khao Sarn! Give us a call at (617) 566-7200., This gorgeous Thai festival, photographed by @ShannonRTW, is straight out of a dream! #ChiangMaiFlowerFestival http://ow.ly/t8cDJ, Check out our delicious February appetizer: salmon & avocado fried spring rolls. They're amazing with a little sweet & sour Sriracha!, Want to go grocery shopping in #Thailand? Grab a paddle. #VisitThailand http://ow.ly/tkrWk, Stock up on #SuperBowl2014 snacks at Khao Sarn! We deliver and offer carry out., Having trouble sticking to that healthy eating resolution? Khao Sarn has lots of tasty, veggie packed dishes. #healthy #2014Resolutions, Happy Chinese Lunar New Year! How will you celebrate? #LunarNewYear, It's almost bedtime, but we just had a craving for some delicious Panang Nuer. What's your favorite midnight snack? #ThaiFood, Love to entertain? Throw a Thai style dinner party, @SAVEURMAG style! http://ow.ly/sbiNs, Debunking the durian once and for all! http://ow.ly/sW3QG, What an amazing way to experience Thailand! What has been your most rewarding travel experience?  http://ow.ly/sbiFh, #DishOfTheDay: Pla & Vegetables. Lightly battered cod in a tangy tamarind sauce with peppers, broccoli, onions and carrots. Delicious!, Under the weather? You might want to consider a few natural Thai remedies… http://ow.ly/sbiwD, Ever made an embarrassing cultural faux pas? Check out this list before your next Thailand adventure! http://ow.ly/sbig5, This Thai specialty will have you breathing fire! #Spicy #DragonPepper  http://ow.ly/sHPiC, Today we celebrate Teachers’ Day in Thailand. Which teachers has changed YOUR life?, #DishOfTheDay: Gang Leung. This yellow curry/veggie dish has a sweet kick thanks to pineapple and coconut milk. Perfect Tuesday night treat!, Like the US, the Thai flag also features red, white and blue...but do you know what our colors stand for?, Have you ever taken a Thai cooking class? Tell us about it! #ThaiCooking, Add this tasty #Thai dish to your #foodie bucket list immediately!  http://ow.ly/soSL9, #DishOfTheDay: Pad See Ew. Rice noodles, egg, Chinese broccoli and chicken or beef. Is your mouth watering yet?, It’s almost a week into the new year. Have you kept your resolutions? #2014Resolutions, Khun heeu kao mai? #LearnThai, Due to the severe winter storm, Khao Sarn will be closed today, January 2nd. We look forward to serving you tomorrow!, Brr! We’re staying in tonight with takeout and movies. What are your favorite Thai flicks?, Happy 2014! If last night was a little rough stop by for some Thai comfort food! We’re open for dinner!, Happy New Year’s Eve, Khao Sarn Family! Or as we say in Thailand, มีความสุขในวันปีใหม่ Any resolutions you’d like to share?, Khao Sarn will be open all day on New Year's Eve, and will open for dinner only on New Year's Day. Hope to see you in 2014!,  @eatingthaifood is making us SO HUNGRY! Tell us about your favorite Thai street food adventures! http://ow.ly/riPdL, Happy first day of Kwanzaa, Khao Sarn friends! How do you celebrate?, Merry Christmas from Khao Sarn! Was Santa Claus good to you all?, In honor of Christmas Khao Sarn will be closed on December 25. Have a lovely holiday!, Spending the holidays in Thailand? Here are a few phrases you might want to learn... http://ow.ly/riOxk, null, E-SAN Classic: Thai BBQ chicken, Papaya salad and sticky rice. Our new special for this month!, You’ll be whipping up this tangy Thai soup all season long. http://ow.ly/rYvTN, Check out the 40 Thai foods CNN Travel can’t live without. Did they miss any of your personal favorites? http://ow.ly/riOoa, Ditch the brown bag and head to Khao Sarn for lunch. We're whipping up some delicious Tom Yum Noodle Soup!, Need a last minute gift for a foodie? Khao Sarn gift certificates are always the perfect fit!, Khao Sarn Cuisine » Eat turtle in Thailand and don’t be surprised if this happens…  http://ow.ly/rPn3I, DOTD: Roll Sod. These soft rice paper rolls are bursting with chicken, veggies and vermicelli. One of our favorite appetizers!, Wow! What an amazing photo from SnapBlog. Share some of your favorite Thailand travel pics! http://ow.ly/riNPg, Khao Sarn would love to host your holiday shindig! Give us a call at 617-566-7200 today to make your party plans!, We’re wishing a very happy birthday to King Bhumibol Adulyadej of Thailand!, Khao Sarn is open for lunch! Try a steaming bowl of Duck Noodle Soup or any of our hot and spicy favorites! Great specials Monday-Friday!, Khao Sarn Cuisine » How to Throw Your Very Own Full Moon Party | Authentic Thai Food in Brookline, MA http://ow.ly/rxima, Wishing all those who celebrate a happy final day of Hanukkah!, DOTD: Squid Basil. This tender squid dish is packed with veggies, and is great with a side of Tom Yum soup. If this is already one of your favorites send us some love!, DOTD: Squid Basil. This tender squid dish is packed with veggies, and is great with a side of Tom Yum soup. If this is already one of your favorites send us some love!, Mmm! Thai Tea Cheesecake is definitely going on our table this season! Thanks for the delicious recipe @SheSimmers! http://ow.ly/riMzP, DOTD: Pad Thai. This classic peanut packed noodle dish is basically Thai soul food. Come and get it while it's hot!, We are closed today, Thursday 28th. We will be opened regular hours on Friday. Happy Thanksgiving and Hanukkah!, This Buddha-ful pic from Crazy Little Thing Called Blog definitely makes us miss our homeland! If you have any #Thailand travel photos feel free to share!, Thanks to this beautiful photo (and blog), we have a serious #mango sticky rice craving - who’s joining us for dessert? http://ow.ly/qlh3u, Thanks to this beautiful photo (and blog), we have a serious #mango sticky rice craving - who’s joining us for dessert?..., Some of #Thailand’s best cooking is found on the street. You can find cheap, tasty #street food (like #Pad Thai!) all over the country...., Some of #Thailand’s best cooking is found on the street. You can find cheap, tasty #street food (like #Pad Thai!) all over the country. It’s the ultimate inspiration for our menu., #DOTD: Ginger Fish. Whole, steamed Striped Bass packed with #Thai flavor. You won't want to share! http://t.co/conk2iztvg, #DOTD: Ginger Fish. Whole, steamed Striped Bass packed with #Thai flavor. You won't want to share!, Are you a brave cook? Try this Thai Pumpkin Custard and report back! http://t.co/Sy9aydREUY, Are you a brave cook? Try this Thai Pumpkin Custard and report back! http://ow.ly/qZwnd, Here at Khao Sarn, we always try to reflect “sanook” and “lanna.” Any guesses on the meaning of these two lovely #Thai words?, Here at Khao Sarn, we always try to reflect “sanook” and “lanna.” Any guesses on the meaning of these two lovely #Thai words?, Happy #Loi Krathong! What’s your Loi Krathong wish? http://t.co/sFsE4BRLue, Happy #Loi Krathong! What’s your Loi Krathong wish?, The #World Film Festival of Bangkok kicks off today! Do you have any favorite #Thai films or actors? http://t.co/2PhBKgOFma, The #World Film Festival of Bangkok kicks off today! Do you have any favorite #Thai films or actors? http://ow.ly/qlfLu, Ever had a spring roll disaster? Check out this simple folding tutorial from @whiteonrice and tell us how your next batch comes out! http://ow.ly/qlfAQ, Ever had a spring roll disaster? Check out this simple folding tutorial from @whiteonrice and tell us how your next batch comes out!..., Khao Sarn Cuisine » Seven Thai Spices Your Kitchen Can’t Live Without! | Authentic Thai Food in Brookline, MA http://t.co/h4IN0RHOAA, Khao Sarn Cuisine » Seven Thai Spices Your Kitchen Can’t Live Without! | Authentic Thai Food in Brookline, MA http://ow.ly/qIutp, Yum! These beautiful Thai food pics from @yTravelBlog just inspired us to head to the kitchen! http://t.co/wAx27sT5W6, Yum! These beautiful Thai food pics from @yTravelBlog just inspired us to head to the kitchen! http://ow.ly/ql85D, Is your stomach rumbling? Stop in and try our weekly specials, Crispy Chicken Gaprow and Crispy Chicken Pad Thai.  http://ow.ly/i/3FFYP, Is your stomach rumbling? Stop in and try our weekly specials, Crispy Chicken Gaprow and Crispy Chicken Pad Thai. http://t.co/p759zOMtib..., We are proud to be affiliated with the 25th Boston Jewish Film Festival, coming Nov. 6-18 in Greater Boston with 48 films from around the world. Go to a film, show your ticket stub or pass to us and get a discount at Khao Sarn! Visit
www.bjff.org for more information., We are proud to be affiliated with the 25th Boston Jewish Film Festival, coming Nov. 6-18 in Greater Boston with 48 films from around the..., #DOTD: Indonesian Fried Rice. Savory mushrooms and tender chicken with a tangy Indonesian curry. Always hits the spot!, We are proud to be affiliated with the 25th Boston Jewish Film Festival, coming Nov. 6-18 in Greater Boston with 48 films from around the world. Go to a film, show your ticket stub or pass to us and get a discount. Visit
www.bjff.org for more information., We love traveling back to #Thailand often for culinary inspiration. We like these tips for your own #Thai adventure! http://t.co/cs5vZ540fR, #DOTD: Indonesian Fried Rice. Savory mushrooms and tender chicken with a tangy Indonesian curry. Always hits the spot!, We’re not putting this one on the menu…but would you try live shrimp? Called Goong Ten, Thai for dancing shrimp, this writhing, wriggling dish is really a mouthful. Any adventurous eaters out there ready to give a testimonial?, Throwing a fall soiree? Khao Sarn would love to host! Give us a call at 617-566-7200 to plan your Thai-flavored festivities., Why are Thai ghosts so hungry? Check out our blog for the answer... http://t.co/IEWx31XLVJ, Why are Thai ghosts so hungry? Check out our blog for the answer... http://ow.ly/qpQqN, Happy Halloween!!. From Khao Sarn.. Love the bunnies:), #Happy Halloween from Khao Sarn! Feel free to stop in and sample our festive #cocktail recommendation! http://t.co/fPhulfgQEX, #Happy Halloween from Khao Sarn! Feel free to stop in and sample our festive #cocktail recommendation! http://ow.ly/qnqyq, Happy Halloween from Khao Sarn! We just saw someone dressed up as a Sriracha bottle. What's your costume?, We love traveling to #Thailand often for culinary inspiration. We like these tips for your own #Thai adventure from @gAdventures..., Go SOX!! Folks, we will have a game on at the bar, stop by!!, Fried ants, spiders and other insects are popular street snacks in Thailand. What's the craziest thing YOU'VE ever eaten?, Dish of the Day: Moo Pa Lo. A hearty pork stew stuffed with egg and tofu and simmered to perfection. Great for a cold fall night!, Dish of the Day: Moo Pa Lo. A hearty pork stew stuffed with egg and tofu and simmered to perfection. Great for a cold fall night!, Did you know Khao Sarn delivers dozens of your favorite dishes? Skip cooking and give us a call at (617) 566-7200., Did you know Khao Sarn delivers dozens of your favorite dishes? Skip cooking and give us a call at (617) 566-7200., Ever wondered what our name means? Here’s the story..., Dish of the Day: Goong Lychee. Tiger shrimp paired w/ lychee, bell pepper, asparagus and  our secret recipe curry..http://t.co/vPBpxMCQfR, Dish of the Day: Goong Lychee. Tiger shrimp paired with sweet lychee, red bell peppers, fresh asparagus and our secret recipe curry., Today Thailand celebrates King Chulalongkorn Day! Who was King Chulalongkorn? Check him out here... http://ow.ly/pzNkJ Is anyone out there planning to celebrate?, Dish of the Day: Shrimp Himmapran. A spicy Khao Sarn favorite packed with cashews and veggies!, Dish of the Day: Pad Woonsen. A great Thai dish of bean thread noodles, shrimp, egg and fresh veggies. A whole new kind of comfort food!, Dish of the Day: Pad Woonsen. A great Thai dish of bean thread noodles, shrimp, egg and fresh veggies. A whole new kind of comfort food!, Dish of the Day: Pla Rard Pik. A whole Striped Bass deep fried and topped with a spicy chili & garlic sauces http://t.co/xrV8AHUE7e, It's almost the weekend - make a date night reservation at Khao Sarn to keep things spicy., Dish of the Day: Pla Rard Pik. A whole Striped Bass deep fried and topped with a spicy chili & garlic sauces –a Khao Sarn favorite!, Love Khao Sarn? Follow us on Twitter @KhaoSarnBoston for more news, specials, and delicious tidbits!, Spicy Sai Oua sausages + a round of Singha beer = perfect happy hour!, Spicy Sai Oua sausages + a round of Singha beer = perfect happy hour! http://t.co/ZrdFT7XnHy, Dish of the Day: Shrimp Himmapran. A spicy Khao Sarn favorite packed with cashews and veggies!, We need a drink... drop by and join us for Khao Sarn happy hour! Would you rather order a Lychee Martini or our super potent Cobra Blood?, null, Haw Moak Salmon, Dish of the Day: Haw Moak Salmon. Salmon, coconut milk, Nappa cabbage, sweet basil and steamed banana leaves = food Nirvana., Dish of the day: Miang Kum. A bite-sized mix of coconut, shrimp, peanuts, ginger, onions, lime and spinach. Perfect appetizer!, Are you vegetarian or vegan? Try our vegetable Gang Massaman curry or Tofu Royal. (Or just ask if you'd like a dish made meat free!) What's your favorite veggie-friendly Thai dish?, Fun Fact: Bangkok has the longest city name in the world; written fully it’s reads: Krung Thep Mahanakhon Amon Rattanakosin Mahintharayutthaya Mahadilok Phop Noppharat Ratchathani Burirom Udomratchaniwet Mahasathan Amon Phiman Awatan Sathit Sakkathattiya Witsanukam Prasit., Pumpkin curry duck!! Yum!, Fall is here! Our popular Pumpkin Curry is back and you can try it with our new S.A Sprum, Riesling " Kabinett", Mosel 09 or a new fun Funaguchi Kikusui -Unpasteurized undiluted Sake, 19% alcohol. Love the Fall, its our favorite time of the year!, Oh yeah..Lobster Summer Special! Back by popular demand.. Yum!, Ohh delicious "My Thai" :), Please note that we won't be accepting any reservations between 6pm-9pm (via web), due to prior private parties/reservations commitment. Please inquire directly by calling us if you need a reservation. Sorry for the inconvenience and Happy Friday!:), We will be closed on Independence Day, July 4th and reopen on Friday July 5th for normal business hours. 
Happy Fourth of July!!, null, Private Cartered Event @our delicious food, beautiful  flowers and fruit carving by Amorn Flower Artistry., Go Bruins!!!!!, It's Thai Iced Tea kind of day! Perfect for the first day of Summer!, null, null, Rehearsal dinner at Khao Sarn for our lovely couple @ Catherine Eria and John Brunswick, Go Bruins..Bring home the Championship!!, To our fans and friends, we have been nominated for Best of Thai food, please don't forget to vote for us! Cheers! :)

http://boston.cityvoter.com/khao-sarn/biz/587859?c=86ab5fc61fbeec54&r=short, Today Specials: Steamed PEI Mussels, light white wine cream sauce, lemongrass, kaffir leaves, cilantro.   New Wine: Rosé, Las Rocas, Spain - 100% Garnacha, bright red fruit flavors with a hint of spice. Perfect for this heat wave weekend!, Just in time for the Memorial Day weekend, we're teaming up with Singha Beer for limited time only: "Beer of the Month" ONLY $3.00!! Yeah!!!, null, Our name tag/station, Last night, Khao Sarn was a part of a special night. A fundraiser hosted by Governor Deval Patrick in celebration of Communities of Color, what a great event! Our appetizer was a hit! We were so happy to be a part of this community! Cheers!, We will remain closed for the rest of the day, we hope to see you tomorrow/Sunday. Please stay safe and stay out of the road., We will be closed for LUNCH due to what's going around the city, we hope to be opened for DINNER at 5pm. Stay safe everyone!!, We have a surprise for those of our guests who have made reservations for Valentine's day,   A creative Thai twist on creme brûlée. Our pumpkin custard served with vanilla ice cream. Complimentary on the house:), Khao Sarn is OPEN tonight, come on out for hot soup, spicy food and delicious cocktails! :), Cabin Fever? Come on out, we are OPEN tonight! Something hot like Tom Yum soup or spicy food is in order! Finally, the blizzard is over! :), Due to severe weather and a state of emergency, we will be closed for Dinner, please stay safe!, We are OPEN and will be posting any changes through out today., Our bar is looking so handsome with The Grand Marnier 100 Cuvee De Centenaire, A very special bottle, it’s perfect for this COLD winter day!!, Tonight special: Masaman Osso Buco. Lamb shank braised in Masaman curry and sweet potatoes., We are closed today, Christmas December 25th. Merry Christmas from all of us at Khao Sarn!:), Looks like it's going to be busy Christmas's eve at Khao Sarn, please call us and make reservation, (we no longer accept reservation btw 5-7:30pm) Sorry for the inconvenience., Thank you King Printing Co., allowing us to be apart of your Holiday's party! Cheers!, Our new delicious Holiday dessert., Private catering for our good friend..cocktails and Thai food! Yum, null, The Holiday season is upon us! Please contact us to book a party or have us cater your next holiday event, Come into Khao Sarn for our new Cocktail/Wine list: Burgundy, Macon Charnay, Maniat Poncet, Tempranillo, Ergo, Cote du Rhone "Sabrine" and much more....just in time for the Holidays!!, Talking about busy morning, we came in at 8am, we just finished catered to lovely 85 people for lunch today!!! Thanks to our new customer, Convexity! :), New Special: Deep fried whole Tilapia with mango salad served with spicy Thai chili garlic sauce. (Back to basic-a famous Thai fried fish!) Pla Nin Tod ปลานิลทอด, Our new cocktail for the holidays,  Nigroni: Campari, sweet vermouth, St. Germaine fresh lime juice, topped with Prosecco.  We were inspired by Scotland, the Edinburgh gin infused with Elderflower:) Delicious!!, We will be closed tomorrow, Thursday Nov 22nd for Thanksgiving and will be here and ready for you when you're done with Black Friday shopping! Stop by for our lunch specials.. Happy Thanksgiving everyone!!, Special: Gang Hanglay Pork- A Burmese and Northern Thai curry dish, stewed pork and potatoes. Yum!, Grilled pork belly with chili dipping sauce (Jeaw sauce)- Moo Ping, Due to Hurricane Sandy, we will be closed tonight. We will resume our normal business hours tomorrow Tuesday, Oct 30th. See you tomorrow and be safe!, Happy Halloween from all of us.., Blue Moon Harvest Pumpkin Ale.., We made the headlines at the Sunday Globe! Urbanspoon rated us as having the areas best meat-free cuisine! Come on by and try one of our many vegetarian dishes!, New fall special: Pumpkin Curry! Perfect way to welcome fall, and oh so good! Stop on by and get your pumpkin on! http://t.co/0ckbPm8c, Our new special:Thai Pumpkin Curry.. Yum!!!, I think we found our new delicious Sake for this Fall!, Only a few of more days until our Fall Menu Specials come out...we're thinking squash, pumpkin, and apples. Thai spices+fall staples=yum!!!, null, Yum Nuer..our favorite dish:), Khao Sarn, Boston's Best!!!

http://www.improper.com/bostons-best/food-drink/, Freshly painted walls and new booths!, New floor, You've probably been wondering what we've been up to in last few days. prepping for new floor!, Folks, we will be closed on Sunday July 1st - July 4th. We will re-open on Thursday, July 5th serving dinner @ 5pm. Have a fun & safe Independence Day!!, null, It's definitely a Thai Iced Tea Day!!:), Special order for our friend Xi's big party,  Haw Moak Salmon..Yum!!, Folks, we know you are not really happy with this weather patterns ..So let us make you feel better with our delicious Noodle Soups! (Guay Teaw) Normally, it's only available during Lunch but we feel your pain:) You can now get it during dinner hours and Where is the sun??, We just got new Vodka, Russian Standard- New drink on the menu: Moscow Mule, vodka. squeeze of lime and ginger beer, great with Thai food..perfect for the Summer, well when the rain the stop!:), It looks like spring came early this year! Back by popular demand, we are bringing back our amazing Early Bird Bar Specials. Come in to our bar Monday -Thursday, 5 pm -7 pm, and choose from a variety of delicious full size Khao Sarn appetizers for only $4 dollars each!!, Dear friends, we are unable to take online reservations through Open Table or through our website for tonight, December 31st. If you wish to make a reservation, you may do so by giving us a call directly. We are accepting reservations for parties no larger than five. We apologize for the inconvenience. Thank you for your patronage, and Happy New Years!!!, We will be closed on Sunday 25th and will reopen on Monday 26th, serving dinner at 5pm. Merry Christmas and Happy Holidays from all of us at Khao Sarn. Cheers!!, null, Still looking for that perfect Christmas Gift?! Look no further! Why not surprise your loved ones with the gift of delicious Thai food! Gift certificates are currently available. Happy holidays from our family to yours!, We were able to help and be a part of a great cause, Abbot Road Project with Aloha Boston Massage, they spent a whole Sunday giving Oncology Massage to cancer survivors and those currently in treatment.  "It's simply a day of giving" We are so happy to be a part of it. Happy Holidays!!, Lots of food!!, Pad Thai!!, null, We are teaming up with Tanachapond by Amorn Fruit carving in all our catering events! Please contact us for more details. Happy Holidays!!, Fruit Cake by Amorn, Fruit Carving by Amorn, Sister restaurant, Tamarind House and the new sushi special., Our sister restaurant Tamarind House, Porter Sq, Cambridge is now serving sushi and it was so good!! www.tamarindcambridge.com, Our bartender Yui makes the best Manhattan in town!!, It's that time of the year, Fall new special:  Red Curry with Acorn Squash., Yes folks!! We are open for lunch Mon-Fri 11:30-3pm, our lunch specials serve with a choice of white or brown rice and soup, best deal in town! All for under $10., Fall is here and a lot of people were asking us about Sake, we are featuring two new Sake: Kiku Masamune Tarusake Junmai has a strong fresh aroma of Japanese Cedar with crisp dry flavor and delicious Tozai " Snow Maiden" Junmai Nigori, this cloudy sake is creamy, fun and surprisingly dry.  Stop by!, Shrimp Mango Fried Rice is Scott's favorite dish! Yum!, Our Website is currently down, if you need to make a reservation please call us 617.566.7200 or OpenTable. Thx!, We ask our regular customers what is their favorite dish? Joe's favorite is Pla Neung Ma Now, Steamed whole Striped Bass with spicy-lime sauce!!, Fans we are closed today due to the Hurricane, please be safe out there!, http://www.khaosarnboston.com/
Our new website!! , We love farmer's market...using locally grown Hot Peppers and Holly Thai Basil in our Gaprow dish!! Ohhh..It's SPICY!!, Our Duck dishes are so popular, we go through 240-260 lbs of duck every 3 weeks!!  That's about 420 Crispy chili Duck dishes served in a month!! <3 Duck!, null, Khao Sarn Staffs and Friends at Eastern Standard, Beat the heat wave, come dine with us tonight!! Cool off with delicious Papaya salad, tasty Yum Woonsen and a nice cold Mango Martini!, We are a place of love!:)..A couple came in to celebrate their 8 year anniversary, sitting where they first met, 8 years ago! How's sweet!!, Fans, we offer online RESERVATION on our Facebook!! Click on Reservations Link appears on the left of our page. Happy Friday!! Cheers!, To all our Fans..We will be closed July 3-5 for the Independence Day Holiday. Have a happy and safe Holiday!!!, Today is our Suh Rha Club Tasting..we are very excited to have Singha Beer with us and to see all familiar faces tonight!! See you soon! Cheers!!!, McWilliams Hanwood Chardonnay!, The McWilliams Hanwood Chardonnay, Australia was just featured on the Today Show with Kathie Lee & Hoda... as a great wine to drink with seafood!!! Khao Sarn has been a big fan and it's on our wine list, wine by glass, it goes well with our Signature dish, Seafood Delight!!  We know a good bottle when we see one:)!! Richard Kolack Joe Benny, Congratulations to all the graduates!!! If you have no reservation tonight, please come early as we are fully booked for the private parties for the HBS and HMS graduates from 7.30 on...Congratulations and best of luck! Cheers!!, Closing our Bar section @ 9pm for a private party, St. Lambert Lockes Rugby Club, Montreal!! Delicious Thai food and cold beers, Can't go wrong! Cheers!!, Still looking for a gift for Mother's Day? Get her a gift certificate from us or join us this Sunday, please call for reservation. Happy Mother's Day!!, We are very excited to be a part of the largest Buddhist temple complex to be built outside of Bangkok in Rayman MA.  Khao Sarn will be hosting the NMR Meditation Center Ground Breaking, press conference on Wednesday April 20th, 11:00 am (tomorrow)The new temple is scheduled to open in early 2013!!
http://www.watnawamin.org, We are NOW taking reservation online! Same day reservation or plan your special events by reserve online, it's fast and easy @ khaosarnboston.com or you can find us @ Opentable.com, We are so excited to have Hallie Ephrone’s book launch party at KS. She’s an author of “Never Tell A Lie” and her latest book “Come and Find Me” you can catch her at Brookline Booksmith or come mingle with her at KS’s Bar, Monday March21st, 8:30pm!!, Join us for Suh Rha Club Tasting, Tuesday March 15th, we are doing a series of wonderful white wines that compliments our cuisine, Sauvignon Blanc from Marlborough: the famous Kim Crawford side by side with the home grown, Paul Dolan from Mendocino Conty, CA .  That's not all, we'll throw in some delicious fresh Rieslings: Yalumba from South Australia and Cono Sur wine of Chile. Please RSVP @ 617.566.7200, It's Oscar Night! Come watch the star studded night and cheer for your favorites at the Khao Sarn Bar! Glitz and glamour awaits you!, Due to the snow storm we closed for lunch but will be opened for dinner@5pm!! Stop by for delicious Tom Yum Soup..it's a perfect day for it!!, null, We will be closed on Thursday 24th, Happy Thanksgiving!!, Today Special: Spicy Basil Egg Noodle, Thai sweet basil, chili peppers,
shrimp, calamari, mussels & scallops!! Back by popular demand..cheers!, Today Specials: Chicken Curry Puffs, Thai Beef Stew and Pumpkin Custard!, It's so warm in Boston, we're serving delicious and refreshing TI's Punch and Khao Sarn Cooler cocktails! Cheers!, Our Special Spicy Crispy Duck is so popular, we’re putting it on the menu!! Cheers!, As of Sept 28, you can find us @ GrubHub and SeamlessWeb, for our delivery service!!, Suh Rha Club Tasting Tonight, Chateau Ste Michelle!!!, SPECIALS: Pla Duk Pad Ped, Cripy deep-fried catfish fillet with string beans, Thai eggplants, young pepper corn! A must try!, Our yearly outing, this year we went bowling!! To all our lovely and hard working staffs..Thank You! Special thanks to The Lyons Group at King's for an amazing night!! It was a great turned out! Cheers!!, null, null, Suh Rha Club Tasting Today and back by popular demand!! LOBSTERS Specials,,just for TODAY!!!, Today SPECIALS!! Steamed Mussels: light coconut milk, red curry, white win, lemongrass and Thai basil.
Crispy Duck with Chili Sauce (Ped Lad Prik): Boneless roast duck with spicy chili sauce, served on bed of Ka Na., Suh Rha Club had a full house last night, thank you all!! Special thanks to Tanachapond by Amorn for the lovely beach theme decor, Mark Fratto from MS Walker and all of our vibrant guests! Thank You! Cheers!, null, A brand new wine, made from Gruener Veltiner "GROONER", the #1 white wine from Austria. Crisp and dry. Easy drinking and refreshing, hints of apple and citrus. Pairing with our delicious Mango Salad or Pla Goong, grilled tiger shrimps in lemongrass & spicy lime dressing!!  A perfect combination for a day like this..Boston Heat Wave..96F!!, We will be closed on Sunday July 4th and Monday July 5th. Happy Independence Day America.. from all of us @ Khao Sarn. Cheers!, We had a packed house last night! Thanks to Kate Toth form Boston Wine Company, extraordinary display from Tanachapond by Amorn!!  Thanks to everyone who came out to support us last night!! Cheers!, null, Suh Rha Club: TODAY!! Special menu paring with delicious wines..it's going to be a TREAT!!!, A lovely opportunity to meet Fabrizio Gatto the winemaker for LaMarca Prosecco and Maso Canali Wines, he is such a sweet man and knowledgeable about wine making!! Khao Sarn will be featuring the LaMarca Prosecco this weekend..,..let me tell you..it’s so delicious, fruity and crisp, perfect with Thai food!!! Stop this weekend.. if we’re lucky Fabrizio might be coming in for the best Thai food in town:), Happy Hours: Monday-Thursday 5pm-7pm, $4 Appetizers Specials!!, Thaitini: Thai Ice tea, Baileys and Absolute Boston (Black tea & Elderflower flavored Vodka)) Absolutly delicious!!, Yes..We DELIVER!!! call us 617.566.7200!!, We DELIVER!! we will be offering in-house delivery service from 5pm to close, limited areas. Our food made fresh to order from the freshest ingredients available and will be delivered to you in a timly manner, please contact us for more details 617.566.7200, Another khaosarntastic night!:) Just a recap..Mango & apple salad, home made chicken dumplings (ka nom jeeb) Moo Ping (grilled marinated pork) spicy pineapple fried rice topped with Moo yong:), Riesling and Sparkling Sake..who wins??? Let us know!:), Pacific Rim Winemakers vs Sake form Joto Sake....Tuesday, May 8th!, Celebrate Mother’s day with us!! Make reservations for this Sunday, we will be offering complimentary mimosas from 11:30 to 3:30pm. Cheers to Mom!!!, Thanks to everyone who made it out to Suh Rha club tonight, it was a full house:)..As we said earlier..it was Khaosarntastic!! Thank you to Chang Beer and Mekhong for sponsoring this great event and to all our lovely KS staffs!! cheers..Happy Thai New Year!!, SongKran celebrations: house infusion, Mekhong Rum infused with Thai herbs, Chang beers and all delicious food (special dishes:) Tuesday at 6.30 @KS bar, Boston marathon weekend!! Go runners!!, Celebrating SongKran (Thai New Year) with Som Tum & Shimp Crackers, Yum Woon Sen, Cripy spicy Duck Salad served with cold Chang Beer or our Seasonal Infusion cocktail made with Mekhong Rum,,,tasty and refleshing!!!, Restaurant Week/All Month Long Specials, Join us for Valentine's day specials: Marquis de La Tour Rose, France and  KS Seasonal Infusion: Mekhong Thai rum infused with Lychee, Lemongrass & Kaffir Lime, shaken wih Ruby Red Grapefruit juice! Refreshing!! Pairs well with fresh-herb accented dish, our signature Seafood Delight (Spicy Seafood Geang Sum)! DARE YOU TO LOVE...., Featured wine of the month: Four Vines "Old Vine Cuvee" Zinfandel, layers of berry fruit and anise aromas with hints of spice. Blackberry and spicy plum fruit with a rich velvety toasted oak finish, pairs well with our Signature Dish: MOO PA LO, falvorful braised pork stew!!, So glad  to be hosting a holiday party for our dear friends..LIT Boutique!! Cheers!!, null, Don't forget tonight is our wine tasting, there will be good food and delicious wines!!! cheers!, Come join us, Suh Rha Club great collection of wines from Michael and David,  The Earthquake (amazing Zin) pairing with delicious Thai Food, please RSVP, Tuesday Nov 17!!  Happy Friday:), come hang out with us at Khao Sarn, Angels, devils and cute bunnies will be serving you food tonight:)), The Tasting went very well last night!! Yes.., BIDMC and BBH peeps closed down our bar again:))) Thanks!!, NEW SAKE OF THE MONTH: JUNMAI SAKE, SILK DELUX, Light and sweet , pleasantly mild yet unforgettable aromas, a super-subtle, silky sake that glides down smoothly., It was a great night at Suh Rha Tasting..thanks for made it out last night!!, Just a reminder to RSVP for Suh Rha Club tasting tomorrow Sept 15th @ 6.30,  featuring Cabana Cachaca and delicious Thai food!!!! cheers;, Our website is up,.woo hoo!! Khaosarnboston.com Special thanks to our good friend Enrique and Octavian for great pictures:!, Happy Hours: Mon-Thursday 5pm -7pm. All our Signature Appetizers $4 at the Bar!!!!! cheers!, Check us out on Stuff page 34!! A nice quick review, Thanks Luba:), null, null, Thank you for those who made it out tonight, it was another successful and fun evening, special thanks to Singha Beer!!!! For those who couldn't make it,,no worries, there will be next time. Cheers!, Come join us for our Monthly Suh Rha Club Tasting.. Thai Night! August 18th @ 6.30 to 8pm. Please rsvp!!, New Specials: Celebrating our oldest and most famous beach in Thailand: Hua Hin. Grilled JUMBO PRAWNS with Thai spicy sauce,  served with mango and rice noodle salad and freshly homemade TOD MUN GOONG! YUM!!!, null, Taking the staffs out tonight to a fancy place, after work:)  It'll be a fun crazy night:)! Cheers!, Stop by at Khao Sarn Bar for the delicious Mojitos! Perfect for a hot day like today, using the best ingredients, fresh organic mints from our own back yard!:, Weekend special: Lobsters in Light Thai curry sauce with ginger & scallions..mm!!, null, Thank you for another great night! Hope yall had a great time! Another sold out event:)) stay tune for the next Suh Rha Club tasting...next month!!!, Featured Wine of the month: Mc Manis, Viognier, Central Valley California-beautiful aromas of blooming gardenia, ripe peach and juicy melon. Dry and lingering finish with notes of citrus and minerality. A great pair with Thai food., Thank you BIDMC Human Resources for ordering lunch with us! Special thanks to Mrs Christina Steele:)!!  See you next time.., null, null, New specials for June!!!)