List(Check us out on ABC's "The Chew" on Tuesday, May 22nd at 1:00p.  The show took a tour of the North End and stopped into meet us., null, Check out the Paitin Wine Dinner at Mare next Tuesday - Make your resie now!, Getting excited for our neighborhood's first annual North End Restaurant Week! Which restaurants are you excited to check out? Check out the participating restaurants' menus at www.northendchamberofcommerce.com., Stop in and check out our Pizza Muffins!!, null, is gearing up for Valentine's Day. Come and get your heart shaped raviolis!!, One day closer to that special day!, Don't fret we have added a new recipe link to our webpage for you're convenience! Now you can prepare a simple and fabulously tasteful meal for you and your valentine!, Valentine's day is approaching! Swing by and pick up some heart-shaped raviolis and homemade Italian treats for you and your special someone! We have all the perfect ingredients for your romantic night!, Come check out our yummy homemade Bolognase sauce. Great with any of our homemade pastas or raviolis. We suggest the proscitto and ricotta raviolis!, It's time to plan for Valentine's Day! We've got delicious heart-shaped raviolis and all the goods to whip up a romantic Italian Valentine's Day dinner for you and your honey., We're taking requests! What Italian goodies would you like to see at our shop??, Check out the new homemade wheat tortellini!, Come and get it, ya'll!, Wishing everyone a Merry Christmas!!, is cooking up some delicious chicken broccoli ziti, lasagna and more. If you're not in the mood to cook this holiday, we've got all the fixing for an authentic Italian dinner. Special order trays of lasagna, Chicken broccoli ziti and baked ziti., Five days left to stop in and purchase your raffle tickets for the Panattone. Remember the last day is Saturday the 19th so don't miss out. All proceeds benefit Dana-Farber!, Hey Northenders! Stop by DePasquale's Homemade Pasta Shoppe and buy a couple raffle tickets for the 10 lb Panattone cake. All proceeds go toward the Dana-Farber Cancer Institute. Raffle announced on Sunday, December 20th!, Perfect night to fill your belly with pasta!, We've got a 10lb Panattone cake that we're raffling off! 2$ for 1 ticket and $3 for 2 tickets. All proceeds will benefit the Dana Farber Cancer Institute. Raffle takes place on December 20th. Just think - you could be the hit of your Holiday party!, Not sure what to bring the host and hostess of your many holiday parties? We've got gift baskets filled with lots of gourmet Italian goodies. Personalize it with your favorites!, Check out our new recipe cards including our famous Ziti Amatriciana recipe., Welcome to our new Facebook page! Stay tuned for our Twitter page as well...., null)