List(null, Don't forget to sign up for Akron Zips Hockey golf outing. Sign your team up now and only pay $300. Includes all you can drink BEER,door prizes,50-50,lunch, dinner and much more., Zips beat Cleveland St 3-2 to finish off the season., Grab your tickets here for when the Zips take on Cleveland St. Friday at 3:30 at Quicken Loans Arena.

http://www.ticketingcentral.com/V2/Home.aspx?I=vNjWAwAAAABhA%2fHtAQAAAADB%2fv%2f%2f%2fwCEAAAAA2xlbQD%2f%2f%2f%2f%2f%2f%2f%2f%2f%2fw%3d%3d, Zips gave er everything they had tonight falling to #1 OU 4-1., Zips win! Beat Cincy 4-0 and live to see another day. Round 2 tomorrow at 4pm vs. #1 Ohio University., The boys head to Athens, OH for a round 1 playoff matchup with Cincinnati. Puck drops at 9:30., Regular season scoring leaders:

1. Althen 10g 27a 37pts
2. Kern 15g 6a 21pts
3. Taylor 7g 12a 19pts
4. Murdock 9g 9a 18pts 
5. Barbieri 3g 14a 17pts, The Zips will face off with Cincinnati in round one of the TSCHL playoffs Friday night at 9:30 in Athens, OH., null, Pre game senior ceremonies start at 8:30 as the seniors play their final home game vs. Ohio University.

http://zipshockey.weebly.com/news.html, Don't miss out on SENIOR NIGHT Saturday at 8:30 vs. Ohio U. as we send off our three seniors!, The Zips are on the road Friday night to take on TSCHL rival Ohio University. We return home on Saturday for SENIOR NIGHT as we take on OU at 8:40 to finish the regular season!, The Zips have officially clinched a spot in the TSCHL playoffs., The Zips pulled out a 4-3 shootout win in Pittsburgh tonight. Jump Pittsburgh and Cincinnati in the standings to move into 4th in the league., Zips Scoring Leaders:

1. Althen 10g 26a 36pts
2. Kern 13g 6a 19pts
3. Taylor 7g 12a 19pts
4. Murdock 9g 9a 18pts
5. Hein 8g 8a 16pts
6. Porter 6g 9a 15pts, Q&A with Josh Porter

http://tschlhockey.pointstreaksites.com/view/tschlhockey/news-1755/news_388825, Zips come from behind to beat Kentucky 7-4. 7 different scorers tally goals for the Zips. Back at it tomorrow night at midnight., The Zips have arrived in Lexington. Puck drops with the University of Kentucky at midnight!, null, null, null, Scoring leaders from the weekend:

Kyle Althen 4g 1a- 5pts
Jeremy Hein 2g 1a- 3pts
Josh Porter 1g 2a- 3pts
Tyler Weeks 1g 1a- 2pts
Nick Barbieri 2a- 2 pts, It's gameday! The Zips take on #14 ranked Bowling Green at home tonight. Puck drops at 9:40., Due to a scheduling conflict the Zips will travel to Pittsburgh tonight to take on Duquesne. There will be no game Saturday. The Zips return home next Friday night vs. Bowling Green., It's game day! Puck drops at 8:40pm at Center Ice Sports Complex vs. the Louisville Cardinals, The Zips are finally back tomorrow! The boys take on #9 ranked Louisville at home. Puck drops at 8:40., The Zips come out on top tonight defeating Wright St. 6-2 on the road. They head into the holiday break winning 5 of their last 6 games., It's gameday! Come see the boys take in Dayton at 8:40. We will also be showing support to our countries veterans for Military Night!, The Zips enjoy an off night tonight and will be back on home ice tomorrow night for the final home of the semester. Come see the boys take on Dayton tomorrow at 8:40 on Military Night!, Two Zips were named as the "Stars of the Week" this week! Joel Ruane received a star after recording 2 hat tricks last week. Kyle Althen received his 2nd consecutive star after recording 7 assists in last weekend's sweep., Scoring Leaders:

1. Ruane 18 goals 12 assists 30 pts
2. Althen 3g 22a 25pts
3. Taylor 5g 10a 15pts
4. Kern 9g 3a 12pts
5. Murdock 6g 6a 12pts

PIM Leaders:

1. Murdock 71
2. Porter 49
3. Berney 44
4. Barbieri 43
5. Wischt 30, It was a big weekend offensively for the boys:

1. Ruane 7g 2a 9pts
2. Althen 0g 7a 7pts
3. Kern 3g 1a 4pts
4. Taylor 0g 4a 4pts 
5. Porter 1g 2a, The Zips bring home the W, the sweep, and cup!, It's gameday and the Zips are back at home tonight! Get out and support the boys as they look to take home the inaugural rivalry cup vs. Youngstown St. Puck drops at 8:40!, Zips with a huge comeback! Score 2 goals in last 14 seconds to send to OT. Kern buries winner less than 50 seconds in to OT. We're back at home tomorrow for deciding 3rd game of rivalry cup!, It's gameday! The boys hit the road to YSU for a late puck drop. The Zips will be back at Center Ice Sports Complex tomorrow night at 8:40., http://tschlhockey.pointstreaksites.com/view/tschlhockey/news-1755/news_357780, Forward Kyle Althen was named one of the stars of the week by the TSCHL after this past weekend's sweep., Shorthanded Zips pick up another win 6-5 for the weekend sweep! Home and home series with Youngstown St starting Friday., See you all back at Center Ice Sports Complex tonight as the Zips go for the Pennsylvania sweep!, Zips win 6-4 over Pitt! Back at Center Ice Sports Complex tomorrow at 8:40 vs. IUP, Gameday at Center Ice Sports Complex!, The Zips renew their rivalry with Youngstown St. starting tonight in Youngstown. Game one of the three game series for the cup will start at 10pm. Games 2 and 3 will be played in 2 weekends., Zips fly south tomorrow for weekend battle with national powerhouse Florida Gulf Coast University 


http://zipshockey.weebly.com/news.html, We are pleased to announce the hiring of former NHL player Mike Wilson to our coaching staff. Mike spent parts of 8 seasons with Buffalo, Pittsburgh, Florida, and NYR., The boys finished their first practice of the week as they prepare to hit the road for, national runner-up, Florida Gulf Coast University on Thursday., Zips make a short trip on the road tonight to take on John Carroll at 8pm., Zips travel to Cincinnati and Dayton for two league games starting tonight at 9.


 http://zipshockey.weebly.com/news.html, Scoring Leaders through 7 games:
1. Ruane 6 goals 5 assists 11 points
2. Althen 1 G 9 A 10 Pts
3. Taylor 3 G 3 A 6 Pts
4. Murdock 2 G 4 A 6 Pts 
5. Barbieri 0 G 4 A 4 Pts, The Zips fell to Cincinnati 4-3 last night in Wooster.  The Zips will be on the road for four straight weeks before returning home Nov. 13 vs. Pittsburgh., Be sure to get out to Alice Noble Ice Arena in Wooster for a 7:30 puck drop vs. Cincinnati. It's the Zips last home game before hitting the road for the next month, Zips win! Comeback to knock off Wright State 4-2. Faceoff vs. Cincinnati in Wooster tomorrow at 7:30., Zips welcome two league rivals to town this weekend. 

http://zipshockey.weebly.com/news.html, It's gameday! Puck drops vs. Wright State at 8:40pm. Don't miss the Zips league opener!, The boys are back at home Friday night vs. Wright St. at 8:40 and Saturday vs. Cincinnati at 7:30. *Please note that Saturday's game will be played at Alice Noble Ice Arena in Wooster*. See you all there!, Everyone go give our new Instagram account a follow! @zipshockey, Zips hit the road to take on Division 1 Slippery Rock tonight.


http://zipshockey.weebly.com/news.html, Zips fell in opener to Ohio State. We're back on the home ice tonight vs. Virginia Tech at 8:40, Don't have plans tonight? Be sure to come check out the Zips take on the Buckeyes at 8:40 at Center Ice Sports Complex, Zips prepare for early tests, as they welcome two powers into town. 

http://zipshockey.weebly.com/news.html, Learn a little more about our program in today's Buchtelite. 

http://buchtelite.com/28322/sports/hockey-fans-unite/, The boys finished their last practice of the week this morning preparing for Ohio State and Virginia Tech coming into  town this weekend. See you all tomorrow!, We're back on the ice tomorrow for the final week of practice before the regular season starts Friday night at home. 
Weekend slate:
Fri. vs. Ohio State 8:40pm
Sat. vs. Virginia Tech 8:40pm
Sun. at Ohio State 1pm, Don't forget to mark the calendars for next Friday! Puck drops for the home opener vs. Ohio State at 8:40!, 17 days until the puck drops for the home opener vs Ohio State!, The schedule is set for the 2015-16 season. Be sure to mark the calendar for our home opener September 18th vs. Ohio State! Virginia Tech comes to town the following night September 19th., Zach Fowler, out of Waldorf,MD, will join the Zips squad next season. 

http://zipshockey.weebly.com/news.html, Zach Lawson, coming from the U18 Cleveland Jacks, has committed to the Zips. 

http://zipshockey.weebly.com/news.html, Defenseman Alex Zielke, from North Canton, OH, has committed to the Zips. 

http://zipshockey.weebly.com/team-news.html, Dylan Oney, out of North Canton, OH, has committed to the Zips. 

http://zipshockey.weebly.com/team-news.html, Tyler Wieczorek, out of Erie, PA, has committed to the Zips! Wieczorek last played for the Arizona RedHawks in the WSHL. 

http://zipshockey.weebly.com/team-news.html, We are pleased to announce Anthony Zeppieri, out of Erie, PA, has committed to the Zips!

http://zipshockey.weebly.com/team-news.html, We would like to thank everyone who came out Saturday afternoon and made our 1st annual golf outing a success! Hope everyone had a great time and we'll see you again next year!, Chad McNamee, goaltender out of Walsh Jesuit, has committed to the Zips next season!

http://zipshockey.weebly.com/team-news.html, Vincent Murdock, out of Westerville,OH, is our second commit of many in our 2015 class. We are excited to add his size and strength to our deep D-core next season!

http://zipshockey.weebly.com/team-news.html, We are getting excited for the first annual golf outing!! There are still spots available for this Saturday at Skyland Pines in Canton! Contact Cory Berney or Josh Porter for more information!, Our first commit, Alex Sabitsch, hails from St. Edward(OH) HS. He was recently named to the Cleveland Plain Dealer's all-star team as a top defenseman. We are excited to add him to our D-core!

http://zipshockey.weebly.com/team-news.html, We are excited to announce that we have received 9 freshman/transfer commits, with more to come, for our 2015 class! Starting today we will be posting our "Commit Player Profile", highlighting each player of the class., Weathers looking bright and sunny for our golf outing Saturday at Skyland Pines! Contact Josh Porter/Cory Berney (below) to sign up today for all the golf, food, and beer you could ask for., Remember to all interested in joining our golf outing with us on May 2nd, contact Josh Porter or Cory Berney at the numbers below today!, Fans our golf outing fundraiser at Skyland Pines in Canton is a little over 2 weeks away! Price includes 18 holes, cart, lunch, dinner, and unlimited beer. Contact Josh Porter or Cory Berney at their info below for questions and registration. See you all there!, Here's a preview of our first half schedule for next season. Our home opener we will be playing host to Ohio State on Friday, September 18th and #10 Virginia Tech will come into town the following night. Season tickets for home games to go on sale soon!, And don't forget our recruit skate is this Sunday at Center Ice Arena at 3:40! Contact team president Kyle Althen with any questions., Our schedule for the 2015-16 season has been set. It includes 6 teams who finished in the Top 15 of the rankings, the defending national runner-up, and 3 Division 1 teams. Stay tuned for the posting of the full schedule in the coming days and our season ticket deals!, ATTENTION: Our spring prospects skate for incoming freshman and transfer students is right around the corner on Sunday, April 12th. More info below. Contact President Kyle Althen with any questions., A look at the final stats on the season., Zips fell to #1 Dayton in the Semi-Finals this afternoon. Thanks to everyone that came out and supported all season long. We'll back and better than ever next September., ZIPS WIN!!! Make history picking up first playoff win in team history beating Cincy 5-3. Semi-Finals tomorrow at noon vs. #1 Dayton, Just under 7 hours until gametime! Puck drops in Cincy at 9:30. Winner moves on., The boys had their last practice of the season this morning. Hit the road to Cincinnati tomorrow morning to finally start the playoffs., Check out the league playoffs preview with comments from coaches around the league.  Puck drops at 9:30 Friday night for the Zips vs Cincinnati
 http://zipshockey.weebly.com/game-previewsrecaps.html, We are set to take on Cincinnati in the first round of the playoffs Friday night at 9:30 in Cincinnati., The boys head to Dayton tonight for a late 10:10 puck drop. Here's the preview of the regular season finale. 
http://zipshockey.weebly.com/game-previewsrecaps.html, Check out the weekend recap on our split with OU
http://zipshockey.weebly.com/game-previewsrecaps.html, Here are the point leaders heading into the final regular season game next weekend:

1. Bigwood (34 goals, 14 assists, 48 points)
2. Althen (10 goals, 22 assists, 32 points) 
3. Porter (7 goals, 13 assists, 20 points)
4. Gsellman (8 goals, 11 assists, 19 points)
5. Taylor (7 goals, 8 assists, 15 points), The boys came back to pick up the weekend split with #4 ranked Ohio U last night, winning 5-4. The win was enough to clinch a spot in the playoffs in Cincinnati in 3 weeks., It's gameday! The Zips take on, rival,  Ohio U tonight in a game with big playoff implications. Be sure to be there at 8:40 at Center Ice!, The Zips picked up the weekend split after defeating Cincinnati last night 6-3. We currently sit in 4th place, in the league standings, with 3 games remaining. Be sure to get out to the final home stand next Friday and Saturday vs. rival Ohio University., The boys picked up a huge 4-2 victory over IUP tonight. Hit the road to Dayton to take on Wright St. at 7pm tomorrow night., Zips will host IUP tonight at 9:40. Hit the road tomorrow for another league battle with Wright St. 

http://zipshockey.weebly.com/game-previewsrecaps.html, We are excited to announce that we have been invited and have accepted the opportunity to travel to and play, the country's #1 team, Florida Gulf Coast next season., The Zips travel to Indiana, PA on Saturday to take on conference opponents Indiana University of Pennsylvania Crimson Hawks at 3:35pm. The game will be played at S&T Bank Arena., null, With tomorrow's game being in Wooster, ALL FANS will get in FREE for the game. The game will feature 6 Zips who used to call Alice Noble Ice Arena home while playing junior hockey. Gametime's set for 8:10pm., The Zips game vs. PITT Saturday in Wooster is schedule for 8:10pm., ATTENTION ZIP FANS: Due to a home ice scheduling issue, our game on 1/17 vs. PITT will be played at Alice Noble Ice Arena in Wooster,OH., As construction begins on the new locker room, the Zips will finally have a place they can call home. http://zipshockey.weebly.com/team-news.html, null, Zips knock off CSU 6-3 at Quicken Loans Arena. The team heads into break with a, season best, 4 game winning streak and winning 7 of their last 9 games., Junior forward, Kyle Althen, is this week's "Player of the Week"
http://zipshockey.weebly.com/player-of-the-week.html, Check out the preview of tomorrow's matchup with Cleveland St. at Quicken Loans Arena
http://zipshockey.weebly.com/game-previewsrecaps.html, Here's a look at our point leaders through 17 games:
1. Bigwood 22g 11a 33pts
2. Gsellman 8g 11a 19pts
3. Althen 6g 13a 19pts 
4. Taylor 5g 8a 13pts
5. Norman 7g 5a 12pts, The Zips hockey team will be participating in the Long Haul Against Hunger, presented by the Akron-Canton Foodbank, on Friday. Here's what you can do to help http://ow.ly/FmuIn, Don't miss out on the Zips first ever game, at Quicken Loans Arena, Saturday! Tickets only $12 and includes the Monsters game following. Puck drops at 1:30pm. Order now! 
 http://groups.theqarena.com/akronhockey/, Zips pick up the sweep with an 8-6 win to win their 3rd in a row. 10 Zips find themselves in the point column. 
Goals on the night: Bigwood(2), Kern, Althen, Taylor, Seemann, Berney, Musick, The boys pick up the 2nd win in row 5-3. Go for the sweep tomorrow night at 8:40, Check out the weekend preview here:
http://zipshockey.weebly.com/game-previewsrecaps.html, It's gameday! Zips take on Washtenaw College tonight at Center Ice Arena. Puck drops at 8:40, The boys are back on the ice tonight as they prepare to take on Washtenaw (Ann Arbor,MI) College Friday and Saturday night at home. Both puck drops scheduled for 8:40pm, Zips will enjoy the Thanksgiving holiday off this weekend. We'll be back at home, Friday Dec. 6 vs. Washtenaw (Ann Arbor,MI) College at 8:40pm, The boys took care of business last night beating Pitt, on the road, 4-2. Goaltender Davis recorded 26 saves on 28 shots. Bigwood grabbed his 3rd hat trick of the year. Team improves to 4-3 in league play., Here's the weekend preview of the Zip's road trip starting tonight. Game one of the weekend is tonight vs Cleveland St. in Strongsville,OH at 9:45. Game 2 will be Sunday in West Virginia 
http://zipshockey.weebly.com/game-previewsrecaps.html, Blair Bigwood was an easy choice for our "Player of the Week". The Boston native posted back to back hat tricks in wins this past weekend.
http://zipshockey.weebly.com/player-of-the-week.html, Just a month left until our double header at The Q with the Monsters. Tickets just $12 order now!
groups.theqarena.com/akronhockey/, Here's a look at some stat leaders through 12 games:

Points:
1. Bigwood (15g, 6a-21pts)
2. Gsellman (5g, 7a-12pts)
3. Althen (4g, 8a-12pts)
4. Norman (5g, 3a-8pts)
5. Taylor (3g, 5a-8pts)

Penalty Minutes
1. Berney- 58 PIM
2. Wiley- 49 PIM
3. Musick- 35 PIM
4. Porter- 29 PIM 
5. Wischt-  27 PIM, The boys pick up another win 7-5 over Wright State. Zips improve to 3-2 in league play., The boys knocked off West Virginia tonight 7-3. Back at home tomorrow night vs. Wright  St. at 8:40, The Zips are back at home this weekend with two league games vs. West Virginia (Friday) and Wright St. (Saturday). Both puck drops scheduled for 8:40 pm, The Zips will be taking on Cleveland St., Saturday, Dec. 13th at Quicken Loans Arena. Tickets are only $12 and includes the Lake Erie Monsters game following. Puck will drop at 1:45pm. Order now!

http://groups.theqarena.com/akronhockey/, The boys knocked off Kentucky last night 5-2. Back at home Friday night vs. West Virginia at 8:40, The boys are finally back at home tomorrow night! Puck drops vs. Kentucky at 7pm, Here's the weekend preview of this weekends roadtrip to Louisville. The Cardinals sit at the top of the league standings undefeated at 4-0.
zipshockey.weebly.com/game-previewsrecaps.html, The boys hit the road to Bowling Green tonight to start a two game series. Here's a preview of the weekend
http://zipshockey.weebly.com/game-previewsrecaps.html, Tonight's the night! Home opener vs. Cleveland St. at 8pm at Center Ice Arena, Here's what to look for tomorrow night vs. Cleveland St.
http://zipshockey.weebly.com/game-previewsrecaps.html, Just two days until the Home Opener. Sunday 8pm vs. Cleveland St... Be there!, Congrats to Nick Barbieiri on being named the team's player of the week. The sophomore netted his first collegiate goal Friday night. 
http://zipshockey.weebly.com/player-of-the-week.html, Here's the weekend recap of the Zips victory over Cincinnati
   zipshockey.weebly.com/game-previewsrecaps.html, Zips pick up the first victory I the season with a 5-4 win over Cincinnati on the road., Check out the weekend preview for the Zips road game vs. Cincinnati on Friday at 7pm
http://zipshockey.weebly.com/game-previewsrecaps.html, Congrats to goaltender Korey Davis on being named Zips hockey "Player of the Week"
http://zipshockey.weebly.com/player-of-the-week.html, Get ready to support the Zips for the 1st time at home on Sunday Oct.12th vs. Cleveland State.  Puck drop is 8PM. Students get in free with. zip card, Check out the recap from this past weekend's games at John Carroll
http://zipshockey.weebly.com/game-previewsrecaps.html, Zips give up 2 late goals and drop a tough game to nation's #23 John Carroll 5-2., John Carroll pulls away late in the 3rd last night to take down the Zips 8-1. Akron is back at it again tonight vs. John Carroll at 6., The Zips take on Division 1's # 23rd ranked team in the nation tonight on the road . Akron vs. John Carroll tonight at 8:10 at Gilmour Ice Arena., Just two days until the season starts up for the Zips! Check out the season preview here
http://zipshockey.weebly.com/monthly-newsletter.html, Any companies interested in sponsoring the Zips hockey team, click on the link below to see all of the options we have to offer.

Contact Brandon Hein (330) 806-0553, our Sponsorship Coordinator, for even more information.

Thank you everyone for all of your support!  


http://zipshockey.weebly.com/sponsor-us.html, Check out our new team site for up to date team info, roster, and schedule
www.zipshockey.weebly.com , Stay tuned for our new team website that will be put up tonight, thanks to our new Operations Assistant, Chris Ginley., 2014-15 Regular Season Schedule

September 26- @ John Carroll
September 27- @ John Carroll

October 3- @ Cincinnati

October 12- vs. Cleveland State @ 8:00PM *Home Opener*

October 17- @ Bowling Green State
October 18- @ Bowling Green State

October 24- @ Louisville 
October 25- @ Louisville

October 31- vs. Kentucky
November 1- vs. Kentucky

November 7- vs. West Virginia
November 8- vs. Wright State

November 14- @ Cleveland State

November 21- @ Pittsburgh

December 13- vs. Cleveland State @ Quicken Loans Arena

*Winter Break*

January 16- @ Pittsburgh

January 23- @ West Virginia 
January 24- @ IUP

January 30- vs. IUP
January 31- @ Wright State

February 6- vs. Dayton
February 7- vs. Cincinnati

February 13- vs. Ohio University
February 14- vs. Ohio University

February 20- @ Dayton, Our Recruit skate is right around the corner.  Any high school, AAA, or Junior players interested in attending contact Kyle Althen or Chandler Thompson.  Spots are filling fast, Hey there, one of our former Zips needs your vote. Let's see what the kid can do! Give it a look!, JCU at home tomorrow night at 9:40 and Away in North Olmsted for a 10:00 match-up v. CSU. Kangaroos on 3!, http://www.cantonrep.com/article/20140111/NEWS/140119864/2000/NEWS, Tonight's game v. OU at home has been rescheduled for a 2/16., null, Friday night's game (12/13) against OU rescheduled for February 9th in OU at 8pm, that is 2/9 @ 8pm in OU at Bird Arena., May Have to tonight leave a little early tonight! BGSU @  University of Akron Ice Hockey Team - ACHA  9:40 Center Ice Sports Complex!, Come on out and cheer on your Zips tonight at Center Ice Sports Complex at 9:40pm as they take on West Virginia! Go Zips!, Big weekend of league games. Come check out your Zips as they take on WVU friday night at 9:40pm and take on IUP saturday night at 9:40pm, Tough loss against Dayton last night. In Duquesne today @3:00pm. LETS GO ZIPS!, University of Dayton @ Akron tonight at 9:40pm at Center Ice Sports Complex., @PITT_Hockey Vs. @AkronIceHockey Tomorrow night @ 8:40 Center Ice Sports Complex. TSCHL League game.

http://achahockey.org/schedule_team.php?team_id=15711&league_id=1061

http://achahockey.org/venue.php?venue_id=4155, null, Grats Gentlemen!

http://hockeyyall.com/?p=12809, The Zips Hockey team finished off their three game road trip with a 4-2 win over Pitt and a 2-1 win over WVU to improve their league record to 2-1.  Come check out the boys Friday night as they rematch against Pitt at 8:40 PM at Center Ice Arena, Akron - 4 IUP - 5. With one of the shortest benches of the season, the boys fought hard tonight. Pitt tomorrow night at 8:30. The link below will take you to the ACHA schedule site for UA, it is there you you can find the link for the address to the Harmarville Blade Runners Complex. If you are having trouble opening the link, try copying and pasting it in the address bar and that should take you to the site. To find the address click on the blue hyperlink in the location section of the game slot. GO ZIPS!

 http://achahockey.org/schedule_team.php?team_id=15711&league_id=1061, Thank you goes out to all the Alumni who showed up for the half ice scrimmy last night!! And to any Alumni who could not make it, do not fret! We will have a second shot for an Alumni game in the Spring semester. Brian Burke Will be heading this one up! Would like to get at least 30 to show up. Also Alumni Start thinking about forming a committee and getting a collection of numbers and contacts together. The stronger our Alum backing is, the better sense of history we have to build a better program. We will get the date up here for the next alumni game ASAP! Thank you all!, This Saturday's game versus Kent State  has been changed to 8:40. Alumni game still starts at 5:50., null, There are no games for this upcoming weekend. The  October 4th Youngstown game is cancelled, along with the Janurary 21st Home game Versus the Penguins. Our next game is October 5th Versus Kent State. We plan to have an alumni game prior to the KSU game, but it is getting close to the event, and we need some RSVPs from alumni. Send a private message to either this account or to me, Chandler Thompson @ jct31@zips.uakron.edu., null, Please meet Johnnie Murphy! Now that I have your attention PLEASE I need you to continue reading this. Johnie is better know as "Sparky" in the Hockey world needs our help to help him and others right now. He is coach Cookie's sons best friend. Lets PLEASE all pull together and show Sparky we are here for him and the others with this and we will help to find a cure for Sparky! I bring this to you cause we are the University of Akron Hockey Club and we have the BEST players, coaches and FANS around and I know you will read on and help Sparky. THANK YOU all!, osu wins 9-2. Tough weekend but the Zips never gave up. What a great group this team has become. The U A Hockey team will be playing at HOME this Friday!!! So come out and help us cheer on this amazing guys!, OSU still up 8-2 late in the 3rd. Althen is now out with a leg injury, OSU has gone up 7-0. Reports are saying it is not being called down the middle. Chandler (coach) just ejected from the game. End of the second, less then 5 min. in the second period. 6-0 OSU., OSU is up 6-0 in the second, Its the end of the First Period and Ohio State is on top 2-0. Lets GOOOOOOO Zips, The Zips will be back at it tomorrow at 1:30pm! Lets GOOOOOO ZIPS, In the 3rd and its 8-2 OSU, We are in the second and Porter makes it 2 for U A!!! Lets go ZIPS, Middle of the first and OSU goes up 1-0, The Zips Hockey team is taking on Ohio State tonight at 8:15pm in Columbus. Stay tuned for updates right here on the hockey face book or on twitter @ZipsHockeyClub Lets GOOOOOOOOOOO ZIPS, The University of Akron Hockey Season Tickets are NOW available. We are running the buy one pack of season tickets to 17 home games get one package  FREE! This will be $85.00. Limited to the first 25 buyers. Use our buy it now option with the pay-pal link below. This will save you $85.00 dollars from the door price. Opening night is Sept. 20th at 9:40pm
If you have any questions please give Kevin Davis a call at 330-309-7309

https://www.paypal.com/cgi-bin/webscr?cmd=_s-xclick&hosted_button_id=8N9MBPRRS8J5S, Would you like to promote your business? Promote it with us. The University of Akron Hockey Club has openings for their game day brochures.  Its a business card ad for 18 home games for $40.00 message me right here or call me (Kevin) @330-309-7309, The Zips fall in the overtime shoot out. 6-5. The Zips will be back in action next friday and saturday at Ohio State. This is a strong team they will bounce back for next weekend!!!, Here we go Zips fans. We are in our first shoot out of the season! Lets GOOOOOOO ZIPS, End of the 3rd and we are all tied up at 5-5. Looks like a little overtime tonight Zips Fans! Hold onto your seats its gonna get crazy in the house!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!, well its in the middle of the 3rd and still tied 5-5, Start of the 3rd and Slippery Rock ties it up 5-5, it the Zips 5 and Slippery Rock 4 at the end of the second period. COme on ZIPSSSSSSSSSS lets GOOOOOO, Its 4-2 in the second period tonight at Slippery Rock 7 min. to go, Zips fall to the Slippery Rock 8-4. The Zips will be back at it tomorrow at 6pm against Slippery Rock. You can get the updates on twitter @ZipsHockeyClub. Thank you FANS for tuning in tonight and we will see you tomorrow at 6pm, start of the 3rd and its 7-4 Slippery Rock, The Zips have fallen 5-3 late in the second period, The second period is underway and Slippery Rock has tied the score 3-3 early in the second period. Come On ZIPSSSSS lets go!, End of the first period and its 3-2 University of Akron! It is an intense game. Gsellmen scores the first goal of the year followed by Wiley. No update on who scored the 3rd goal yet. 2nd period is about to get underway in a few min. Lets GOOOOOOO ZIPS!, Are you ready for some HOCKEY? Well here we go, The U A Hockey team opens the season TONIGHT at 7:00pm at Slippery Rock University in PA! We want to wish the team the best of luck tonight and Saturday! Follow us on twitter @ZipsHockeyClub for updates of the games. The U A Hockey team will open there season at home on the 20th. Season Tickets go on sale this MONDAY so stay tuned!, Hi Zips Hockey Family, Chandler here. The following link is to a donation page for Gabrielle Lewis. Many current members know that Gabrielle is the girlfriend of Justin Cahill, a former Zips Goalie. Gabrielle's car was vandalized and flipped over during Sumner fest last night, where riot police were called in to action. Her insurance company is not covering any of the damages. I am calling on my Zips family and friends to give a little something towards Gabrielle's cause. Let us prove that Akron is not full of Anarchic hooligans, and willing to help family when they are in need.


Anything helps. 

Thank you
Chandler Thompson 

http://www.gofundme.com/45p3wo, null, There are MORE beautiful items coming still coming in for tonight event! Scotch Double Bowling and Auction and food!!!! 8:30pm Check in at Colonial 77 Bowling Alley on whipple Road and Everhard Street right by Belden Village, First day of tryouts are in the bags! Now onto day 2 of tryouts tomorrow night at 8:40pm this is open to the public if you would like to stop by Center Ice Sports Complex and see what these boys have in them!!! Good Luck, Just a reminder:
There is a lot going on in the next 3 days and I want to keep everyone updated. There are tryouts tomorrow morning at 8:40am to 10:40am. Check in will start at 7:30am. $50.00 dollars for returning players and $65.00 for new players. Tryouts will continue Friday night at 8:40pm-10:40pm. This one will be open if you would like to come out to Center Ice in North Canton and see what these boys do so well! 
Then we have Scotch doubles bowling on Saturday night,  8:30pm is sign in. For $25.00 you get 3 crazy games of bowling. This is going to be a FUN Fundraiser!
(we put in the twist) there are silent auction items and many raffle baskets. We have some awesome things to raffle also like the University of Akron Hockey Banner that the boys came through last year in the pre-games! An overnight Kalahari stay for 6 people. 4 club seats to any Lake Erie Monsters game this up coming season! And we have some AWESOME baskets full of goodies to raffle. So come on out and be apart of a little fun Saturday night. Thank you EVERYONE for your support. We have the BEST FANS! Any questions call Kevin Davis @330-309-7309, University of Akron Hockey Club tryouts are this Thursday August 29th at 8:40am till 10:40am also friday August 30th from 8:40pm-10:40pm at Center Ice Sports Complex.  It will be $50.00 for returning players and $65.00 for new players trying out. We are ONLY 25 days till opening night! Good Luck to you ALL! Its going to be another great season!, I would like to introduce another new sponsor for the University of Akron Hockey Club for the 2013-2014 season. CKP Heating & Cooling! They are located right here in North Canton. If you need some help with your Heating or Cooling system please give them a call at 330-791-3029 and let them know we appreciate there support! Thanks again for your support CKP Heating & Cooling. If you would like to become a sponsor of The University of Akron Hockey Club give Kevin Davis a call at 330-309-7309, Today the votes came out from the ACHA Southeast Regional Awards and taking 3rd team Division 2 Award has gone to our very own #35 Goalie MAX MILLER for the 2012-2013 season! Stick Taps to you MAX. From all of us from the University of Akron Hockey Team and the fans we say CONGRATULATION to you!, Opening day is 36 days away! It is time for some U A HOCKEY! The head coach this 2013-2014 season will be Chandler Thompson. The assistant coaches are Matthew Koch and James Revak. TRY-OUTS will be as follow: August 29th @ 8:40am-10:40am. August 30th @ 8:40pm -10:40pm. This will be held at Center Ice Sports Complex in North Canton, Ohio.  So do you have what it takes? Come show us! Message me with any questions., null, null, We even have some new University of Akron hockey fans right here!, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, I want to say Thank You to everyone that came out tonight support the team. We sure did make it fun!, null, The 2013-2014 University of Akron Hockey Club Roo's are in and NOW available for ONLY $15.00! They stand 14 inches high and 9 1/2 inches wide. You can even bring the Roo to the games and have your favorite player autograph it.  Message me if you would like one or call Kevin @ 330-309-7309. Thank you for your support., Ok Hockey Fans the season is right around the corner and we want to have the Second Annual Quaker Steak and Lube Fundraiser on August 5th from 5:00pm till 9:00pm right here in Canton at the Hall of Fame Bridge and Route 77.  This is a Monday night so come out and help us raise some money, this means the more you eat the more we get back for the team. You are going to eat that day anyway so come out and meet some of the Hockey Players and get some pictures. Matt Hertweck is a defenseman on the team and he will be there serving also.  For those of you folks that want to come to our first Annual Bowling Scotch Doubles on August 31 you will be able to sign up here also this night. Kevin and Alysha will be there to assist you! So tell your Family, Friends, Neighbors and your Enemies and lets make this event as big as we did last year! Thank YOU all!, Were can you go to eat and bowl 3 crazy and fun games all for $25.00 a COUPLE and also help support the University of Akron Hockey team? You couldn't until now. Just click on the picture and fill out the form and send it in to me. (Kevin Davis) Get your friends and family and come out and have fun. Also mark on there if there is another couple you want on your lane. We can put up to 6 people on 1 lane so get your group together now! There will be gift baskets to bid and a silent Auction also! Donations are needed for both. We do have some great baskets and auction items now but we need MORE! Any questions just please call me at 330-309-7309 and help us make this event HUGE! Thank you ALL, The Players the Parents and the BIGGEST Thanks to our FANS!, The University of Akron Hockey Team would like to wish there Family and FANS a safe and Happy 4th of July!!!, Welcome Kody Martin to the University of Akron Ice Hockey Team - ACHA

Position: Goaltender
Height: 6'
Weight: 165
Age: 23
Hometown: LaVale Maryland
Last Teams: Wooster Oilers; Philly Thunder; Monroe Trojans; Mass Maple Leafs;

Awards: Junior League All Star, League MVP and Goalie of the Year, University of Akron Ice Hockey Team - ACHA would like to Welcome David Cox to the hockey family. 

Shot: Right
Height: 6'
Weight: 175 
Age: 21
Hometown: Euclid, Ohio
Last Team: Wooster Oilers, Impressive Chicago Black Hawks. Way to put the first foot forward! This is why I tell the men from the University of Akron Hockey Team we will be that team that puts the first foot forward and help another team in a fund raiser or to help and chip in to get another team to the playoffs, or even just sending a letter of thanks, or thanking you fans at the end of a game win or lose for coming out to see us play! This is what this letter is all about and I really hope other teams and sports do the same. It works try it! Again Congrats to the Chicago Black Hawks. You are first class!, Great video, I am very proud to announce that the University of Akron Hockey Team will be taking on the Mighty Cleveland Barons Sled Hockey Team again this year! This will be played January 11th. (Time to be announced later) According to there head coach of the Mighty Barons these kids had so much FUN playing us last year that they have contacted me all ready this year to do it again! The University of Akron Hockey will be out for some REVENGE this year! If you missed this AMAZING night last year, well believe me you don't want to miss it this year cause we are going to have more FUN and Surprises for EVERYONE! The Cleveland Mighty Barons are kids that are 10 years old to 20 years old with disabilities BUT it doesn't stop them from playing the game they love the most and thats HOCKEY. So fill it in NOW January 11th, Zips hockey working with Skinner Stickhandling hockey schools in the offseason!, 2012-2013 Pic Stitch, THIS SATURDAY 8:30pm!!!!! Come on out and show your support!

This event is open to EVERYONE no age limit! This is the 1st Annual Scotch Doubles Bowling event on August 31st that will be a fundraiser for the University of Akron Hockey Team. This will be held at Colonial Lanes Bowling Center right here in Belden  Village. The price is ONLY $25.00 per couple and for that you get 3 games of bowling and fun (we can put up to 3 couples on each lane) and we will have food. Hungry Howies Pizza and Hot Dogs for everyone up in the party room! We will have a silent auction and we will also be raffling off baskets full of GOODIES! Saying this we need DONATIONS to raffle off for the baskets also we need donations for the silent auction items also. Cash Donations are appreciated also. I have a 2 night stay at Kalahari Water Resort already so come on and help us make this a HUGE event. If you don't like to bowl come on out and bid on some great items!  You may message me or call me (Kevin) at 330-309-7309. We want you to bring your family, friends, neighbors, co-workers and even your enemies out for this event.   We only have 100 tickets to sell so don't wait long this will sell out! We are raising money to purchase new equipment for the team. Thank You ALL from the University of Akron Hockey Team!, 2012-2013 University of Akron Hockey Team!, The University of Akron Hockey Team needs this reporter for the up coming season!, The University of Akron Hockey Club would like to give stick taps to ALL the Mothers out their! HAPPY MOTHERS DAY Moms!, null, null, Check out this amazing save from this goalie!, One of our Sponsors, Laser Quest is doing some MASSIVE remodeling to there Canton store. I just stopped by and was talking with Nick the General Manager and this place is going to be laid out! HUGE things are coming for this company so please help and support our sponsors even in the off season! Let them know you seen the Advertising at Center Ice Sports Complex. Home of the University of Akron Hockey Team!, I believe you should always salute the Fans. Win, lose or tie, null, We won't stop because the season is over. One of our own needs an extra prayer tonight. Everyone remembers Kellie and that beautiful smile she had a the Hockey Rink. Please keep us posted and get that big smile back soon!, This mornings game Tri-State Collegiate Hockey League (TSCHL) All-Star Team #TSCHL 5 - ACCHL 3 @TSCHockeyLeague; The squad picked up 4pts for a total of 8.5! In All-Star tournament play. Big Match up tonight at 5:15 PM Vs. MACHA. TSCHL is Currently in the top 5 teams out of 14. Members of the team consist of 4 Akron players, 5 Toledo, 5 Pittsburgh, 2 Cincinati, 1 West Virginia, 1 Indiana University of PA and 1 Wright State player. ( 2W - 1L), TSCHL 5 - GNCHC 3 4.5pts in the tournament play., : Mountain West 6 TSCHL 4 - @ZipsHockeyClub  - @KAlthen7 & @frank_tankdoe  with an assist on the first goal. Toledo @bbain5er  with 2 goals, From Mike Sadjadi,

Today is the day, Anthony DiMarco; Kyle Althen; Frankie Sterle; Ryan Morse and myself will be representing the University of Akron Ice Hockey Team - ACHA at the ACHA - American Collegiate Hockey Association All-star weekend in West Chester Pennsylvania. 5 games in 4 days. What a great year for Akron hockey, we have never been represented in this event before., We need to let you folks know that this weekend is the All Star game in PA and we have 4 players representing the University of Akron Hockey Club and the head Coach witch are as follow! Head Coach Mike Sadjadi was chosen to be the Assistant Coach for this All Star game. Kyle Althen, Anthony DiMarco, Frankie Sterle, Ryan Morris were all asked to play in this All Star Game this weekend! Congrats to all you players and GOOD LUCK to you guys and what an Honor to Mike Sadjadi for being asked to be the assistant coach this weekend. Again Congrats to you all and have a Great weekend in PA!, University of Akron Hockey Club would like to wish all there FANS a Happy Easter!!!!, THANK YOU, the FANS!!!!! The University of Akron Hockey team wants to thank ALL there fans out there for helping us reach 600 likes here on face book in less then 1 year being up and running. This is AWESOME. Be sure to pass this page onto all your friends! We are planning some off season fun stuff right now so stay tuned! You ladies are going to love it!!!! lol, This is a note from the Head Coach Michael Sadjadi,
I can officially announce it ... Representing University of Akron Ice Hockey Team - ACHA as the Assistant coach for the Tri-State Collegiate Hockey League (TSCHL) All Star team April 5-7 in West Chester, Pennsylvania, This is a leader. Way to go #2, The University of Akron Hockey team would like to wish the BEST of LUCK to the Boys and Girls Zips Basketball teams this weekend! Way to go!!!!, RIP, Thought I would share this will our amazing FANS!, I had to share this, It was sent to Michael Sadjadi the head coach for the University of Akron Hockey Team!
@sadjy31: Complemented from Duquesne coach, "Akron is one of the best places to play in the ACHA as far as atmosphere." Also Toledo asked us to host the playoffs in 2015 seems like everyone had a blast and our set up is the best. Thanks fans for all the energy!
Way to go Coaches and team! "The New Era", Championship Game, It was a tough fought hard played game last night and we came up short but you know as I walked by the locker room last night after the game and you hear those boys talking about how this is and always will be a close hockey family. This is an AMAZING group of boys. I personally will miss this every weekend. The team also wants to send a final THANK YOU to all the University of Akron Hockey FANS out there. All of you made this year awesome for these boys. Just to think a year ago there 30 to 40 fans in the seats and now 200-400 of you fans this year for each game. We started this face book page back in August and to date we have 580 of you fans. AMAZING in 1 season. We also want to thank Mike Reynolds from the AK ROWDIES for all there support and helping getting the Hockey clubs name out there and those awesome tail gating parties.  If you fans had fun this year with us you haven't seen ANYTHING yet. Wait till next season. We have only just begun! Stay tuned right here for get together's and off season fundraisers. We are going to put together a Scotch Doubles Bowling Night to raise money and get everyone together in the next couple months. Let me know what you think on this idea!!! Again Players, Coaches, and especially you Fans I say THANK YOU AGAIN!, FINAL: Akron falls to OU 8-5., Frank Sterle with a goal 5:50 to play in the 3rd. Akron trails 7-5  LISTEN LIVE http://www.ustream.tv/channel/uofazipshockey, Akron pulled to within a goal, but allowed two quick OU scores, they trail 6-4, heading into the final period., Despite a nice backhand goal from Greg Revak, after one period of play, Akron trails OU 2-1.

Listen LIVE: http://www.ustream.tv/channel/uofazipshockey, Akron vs Ohio LIVE audio stream up now!
http://www.ustream.tv/channel/uofazipshockey, Puck drops at 9:30 Zips vs. OU. If you can't make the game, be on the lookout later for the link, as Casey and Justin will have the game live on UStream. GO Zips!, @TSCHockeyLeague: Playoff Time in Akron!!

Pitt vs IUP at 6:30
Ohio vs Akron at 9:30

2 Advance & 2 Go Home., Well folks its finally here!!!! The University of Akron Hockey Team is taking on Ohio U tonight at 9:30pm at the Center Ice Sports Complex right here in North Canton! We need ALL you fans there tonight to to help us get to round 2 in these playoffs. Win tonight and we play again Saturday time to be announced. I do want to take this time to tell all of you University of Akron Hockey fans THANK YOU! Thank You for being there for these guys. It has been there BEST SEASON EVER and NO ONE can take that away! Want to know there secrets of the BEST SEASON EVER just come out tonight and watch them they will show you!  Now lets continue tonight and WIN this CHAMPIONSHIP! Lets GOOOOOOOO ZIPS. The University of Akron Hockey Team "The New Era", This would be nice to attend right befor our CHAMPIONSHIP game on Sunday!, null, Come and Check out College Hockey at Center Ice Sports Complex As The University of Akron Ice Hockey Team - ACHA Hosts the Tri-State Collegiate Hockey League Playoffs!

Friday March 1, 2013
6:30PM Pitt vs. IUP
9:30PM Ohio vs. Akron

Saturday March 2, 2013
6:30PM Toledo vs. Lowest remaining seed
9:30PM Dayton vs. Highest remaining seed

Sunday March 3, 2013
1:30PM Championship Game, Akron Hockey hosted Kellie Baker and Hope Holcomb again to show people that we will not tolerate against bullying anymore!, Ok University of Akron Hockey Team I have a confession to make to you guys. I seen these refs doing this in between the first and second period. Thats why the calls didn't go our way after this. LMAO, null, null, Zips trail Duquesne 5-1 after the 2nd period., Josh Porter gets an early goal for the Zips, but they head into the first intermission, tied 1-1 with Duquesne., LIVE NOW!
http://www.ustream.tv/channel/uofazipshockey, We're live now..tune in.
http://www.ustream.tv/channel/uofazipshockey, We'll be going live in just a bit!
http://www.ustream.tv/channel/uofazipshockey, If you cannot make tonight's home match vs. Duquesne, Justin Lada and Casey Church will have the call live on the Akron Ice Hockey U-Stream.
Puck drops at 9pm, Akron U students always looking for a great deal here ya go!!!, Senior Night is Saturday the 16th. This will be our last home game of the year so lets pack the house! We play the University of Duquesne at 4:00pm. We will be honoring our senior's and there parents out on the Ice before the game! Then after our game we are having the first ever Banquet for the University of Akron Hockey Team! Its going to be a fun filled day that's for sure!, After a 3 day long and hard fought road trip the University of Akron returns HOME this Friday night at 9:00pm Against University of Duquesne! This will be FAN APPRECIATION night. We are also going to have a beautiful lady named Kellie there for a meet and great. She was the young lady who was Bullied by Q92 radio DJ. Just like Hope Holcomb says this team doesn't like BULLIES. Kellie and Hope will be there at 8:00pm with there families so come out and meet these ladies and let's show them how this team is NOT tolerating BULLYING anymore here in our community's! We will get the word out there that these Bullies will get the Fear of the ROO!, February 2nd's national anthem singers against Wright State! sorry for the bad quality!, Final 4-2 Toledo, 4:30 left in the third, still down 4-1, Zips are down 4-0, 2-0 zips down in the second, Sorry for the slow updates but its 0-0 at the end of the first, Ok the Zips fall to BG tonight 5-1. They are off to Toledo for a 2pm game there Sunday!! Good luck Zips!, BG scores again and makes it 5-1 in the 3rd, BG is up 3-1 now in the 3rd, BG just scored its 2-1 come on ZIPS lets get it back!, ok end of the second period and its all tied up 1-1, Zips come out to start the second period and Frankie downed a monster drink and just BLASTED in the Zips first goal! Its 1-1 Way to go Boys!, ZIPS are on a POWER PLAY with .56 seconds left in the first!!, WOW Nice looking rink here. I see there is a huge following at BGU. Reports are saying around 25-30 people at this rink for tonight's game! BGU needs to come here and play and we would show them the BEST FANS around! 25-30 people come on now gezzz, BG makes it 1-0 still in the first period., Zips just killed a 5-3 power play for BG. Way to go Zips!!, about 5 min. into the first and no score yet, Game time tonight is at 9:45pm. Stay tuned for updates!, The Zips falls to Bowling Green 7-4. The Zips will take revenge tonight. Puck drops at 8:00 pm. Lets GOOOOOOO ZIPS!, it is now 4-2 Bowling Green! As you can see the ZIPS don't give up they are fighting back now, Frankie puts the Zips on the board 3-1 BG, Middle of the 1st period and Zips are down 2-0, Ranking #4

Zips take on #4 Bowling Green University away Friday & Saturday. On Sunday the team will Play #9 Toledo., What a weekend for the University of Akron Hockey Team! They said they were going to do it and they did it!!! Congrats to the team and the Coaches! And a huge shout out to MAX MILLER for getting the shut out tonight!, PARENTS and PLAYERS and FANS forms are do TOMORROW for your banquet on the Feb.16th after we kick the ____ out of the University of Duquesne!!!!, The game is over the ZIPS WIN! 4-3. These boys never gave up after being down 2-0 in the first period. They fought back and are bringing home the big WIN tonight! The boys play right here tomarrow at Center Ice Sports Complex against Wright State at 4:00pm. We only have 3 home games left so come on out and see these Zips in action!!!! The University of Akron Hockey Team "The New Era", Pitt scores and makes it 4-3, 42 seconds left in the game! LETS GOOOOOO ZIPS, J.Hein said here I come move over and he blasted in a shot to make it 4-2 ZIPS!!!, DiMarco says pass me the puck and he shoots and SCORESSSSSSSSSS!!!! 3-2 ZIPS! Lets GOOOOO Boys!, we are in the 3rd now and Berney TIES it up at 2-2, Nahay puts Zips on the board its 2-1 in the second period! Lets go Zips!, We are underway and Pitt goes up by 1-0, University of Akron Hockey Team next home game is next Saturday at 4:00pm at Center Ice Sports Complex against Wright State! Also the forms are do for the BANQUET on this day also! Any questions please don't wait till the last minute ask me NOW!, ok its a wrap the ZIPS WINNNNNNN! They are 2-1 on the road this weekend, way to go BOYS!, 2 min. to go in the 3rd and ZIPS are up 6-5, All I have right now is that its 5-4 Zips are on top! Lets GOOOOO ZIPS, I have lost contact with my source for updates. Hang in there trying to reconnect!, boys are in getting ready for todays game against Wright State at 1pm! Lets GOOOOOOOO ZIPS bring it home!, Thats a wrap on this one. Zips fall 5-4 to Dayton., 4:30 left in the 3rd and the Zips are down 5-4..... Lets GOOOOO ZIPSSSS, we are in the 3rd and Dayton has taken the lead 5-4, Its the end of the Second period and its all tied up 4-4! What a game so far. Frankie has scored 4 goals in the last 2 games. Come on Frankie get that HAT TRICK again!!!! Lets Go ZIPSSS!, Its the end of the Second period and its all tied up 4-4! What a game so far. Frankie has scored 4 goals in the last 2 games. Come on Frankie get that HAT TRICK again!!!! Lets Go ZIPSSS!, Dayton has come back and tied it up at 4-4. LETS GOOOOOOO ZIPS, Dayton answer right back its now 4-3 zips, FINALLY Frankie is really fighting to get that hat trick tonight . Frankie makes it 4-2 in the second, the 2nd period has started no new updates yet. Zips are winning 3-1! Lets GOOOOOOO ZIPS, Althen says I am here to play again tonight and he SCORESSSSSSSSS the 3rd goal for the ZIPS!!!, Zips are on a POWER PLAY!!!! Lets get that goal back BOYS!, Dayton comes back and makes it 2-1. Lets GOOOOOOOOOOO ZIPSSSSS, Ok Frankie really wants to start early tonight and get that Hat Trick! Frankie with his first tonight 2-0 Zips!!!, Here we GOOOOOOOOOOO at 5:57 seconds into the game Hahay says I will start this game off tonight with a GOALLLLLLLLLL Zips 1-0, Warm ups are going on right now! Time for some HOCKEY!!!!! Lets GOOOOOOO ZIPS!!!!, Dimarco says I want a goal and he shoots and makes it 10-1 Zips!!!!!!, Frankie is working on a Hat Trick he makes his second goal of the night and makes it 9-1!!!!, the 3rd period is underway! BearCats make it 8-1, Nahay with the first goal, Porter with the 2nd goal, Burke with the 3rd goal, Althen gets the 4, Jurrrus gets the 5th, Burke gets his second of the night 6th goal, Frankie gets the 7th goal, and J.hien gets the 8th goal. We will be back for the 3rd period in a bit!!!! Lets Gooo Zips!!!, J.hien makes it 8-0 in the second period, Zips up 7-0 in the second! Soumds like they are haven a field day against the BearCats, Looking for something to do tonight? North Canton Hoover Hockey team is playing tonight at the Parma Reis Rink in Parma for the CHAMPIONSHIP GAME at 8:15pm. It is Hoover Vikings vs Parma Red Men! This will be a real intense game!, null, null, University of Akron Ice Hockey Team - ACHA gets the Win over Xavier University. 6 Akron - 3 Xavier., The Zips are underway in the first!!!!, University of Akron Hockey is taking on Xavier tonight at 8pm Follow us on twitter @ZipsHockeyClub for updates and scores!!! Lets GOOOOOOOO Zips!!!, vs. Pitt, We have been getting a lot of questions on our schedule below is the link:

http://achahockey.org/schedule_team.php?team_id=15711&league_id=1061, null, University of Akron Ice Hockey Team - ACHA is on the road this weekend. The Zips Hockey takes on Ohio University Friday; 10pm at Bird Arena and Xavier Saturday; 8PM at South Metro Sports Arena., null, null, Even with a though loss tonight against Youngstown State WE are all so proud of this team after all the Hockey they played this weekend. Here was the run down: Friday night we played they Mighty Cleveland Barons Sled Hockey and had an AWESOME time after that we played the University of Akron Alumni game, and Sat we Won against the University of Pitt. and then tonight Youngstown State! You guys have played HARD all weekend. NEVER has this team had a weekend like you guys did this weekend in the History of The U A Hockey Team!!!!! We are PROUD of you guys. Next we are on the road to Ohio University Jan. 18th at 10:00pm and the Jan. 19th at Xavier TBA. Our next home game will be Feb. 2nd against Wright State at 4:05pm!!! Good Luck Boys!, Zips Win 4 -1 over #13 ranked Pittsburgh, Zips Hockey Back in action this afternoon at Center Ice Sports Complex. The Zips Take on University of Pittsburgh Ice Hockey; Puck drops at 4:05PM Warm Ups at 3:40PM!, null, Only 4 Home games left! check out the schedule. We also host the Tri-State Collegiate Hockey League (TSCHL) Playoffs the weekend of March 1st -3rd., University of Akron Ice Hockey Team - ACHA plays the mighty barons in sled hockey tonight from 8:40 - 9:40 and Alumni Game from 9:50 - 11:50. 

Saturday, University of Pittsburgh Comes to Town! Game starts at 4PM * Center Ice Sports Complex, The Team had a blast Last Night! Next Home Game This  Saturday 4pm, Versus University of Pittsburgh at Center Ice Sports Complex, Check out the Zips taking part in musical chairs at tonight's Zips basketball game!, null, https://www.youtube.com/watch?feature=player_embedded&v=MHplTyhq1eU#!, Way to go USA!!!, Let's help out one of our sponsors and order a Pizza! They are located on Massillon Road, 241 in Green! (330) 899-9993 Let them know you are from the University of Akron Hockey!!!, Happy New Year from the University of Akron Hockey Club!!, null, AWESOME commercial just like Mark said, Joey, Celebrating Christmas Akron hockey style, All of us here at the University of Akron Hockey Club want to wish ALL of our FANS a very Merry Christmas!!!!, THANK YOU University of Akron HOCKEY FANS!!!! We hit 500 likes on our hockey page in LESS then 1 season!  If it wasn't for you FANS we couldn't be as successful as we are now. You folks are AMAZING! 
The University of Akron Hockey team want's  to congratulate  Alex Miskell for being our 500th FAN! Send me a message so we can arrange you to have your very own University of Akron Hockey  Jersey!, #3 Rankings are in for the Season. the Zips are #15 in the South East conference. Come out and cheer on Zips as we Take on Pittsburgh Jan. 12, 4PM at Center Ice Sports Complex. 

Also Check out the Alumni Game and Sled Hockey Jan. 11 the fun starts at 8:40PM at Center Ice, null, This is an AWESOME photo Kyle!  A fan Supporting U A Hockey at the JAR today. U A vs Cleveland State in Basketball, WOW look at that we have the BEST FANS! 493 likes that is AWESOME in one season! The University of Akron Hockey Team is being heard this year! Thank you FANS! Let's get to 500 before Christmas. I will have a special gift to the 500th fan that likes this page before Christmas so please share this page with your FRIENDS!, Sled Hockey & Alumni Game on January 11. 8:40PM

University of Akron Ice Hockey Team - ACHA takes on University of Pittsburgh January 12 at 4PM Center Ice Sports Complex

https://www.facebook.com/events/417427398312685/, First half of the season is over. Zips Hockey hold a record of
11 W - 11 L - 1OTL (Game Results Below) Next Game January 12 versus University of Pittsburgh @ 4PM at Center Ice Sports Complex.

(M2) Akron, University of 2 @ (M1) Canisius College 5 Sep 15, 2012 Details
(M2) Akron, University of 4 @ (M1) Canisius College 3 Sep 16, 2012 Details
(M2) Ohio State University 2 @ (M2) Akron, University of 4 Sep 21, 2012 Details
(M2) Ohio State University 8 @ (M2) Akron, University of 4 Sep 22, 2012 Details
(M2) Akron, University of 5 @ (M2) Louisville, University of 0 Sep 28, 2012 Details
(M2) Akron, University of 5 @ (M2) Louisville, University of 2 Sep 29, 2012 Details
(M2) Akron, University of 4 @ (M1) John Carroll University 10 Oct 05, 2012 Details
(M1) John Carroll University 4 @ (M2) Akron, University of 1 Oct 06, 2012 Details
(M2) Cincinnati, University of 5 @ (M2) Akron, University of 4 Oct 12, 2012 Details
(M2) Dayton, University of 4 @ (M2) Akron, University of 1 Oct 13, 2012 Details
(M2) Akron, University of 6 @ (M2) West Virginia University 5 Oct 20, 2012 Details
(M2) Akron, University of 5 @ (M2) Indiana University of Pennsylvania 4 (SO) Oct 21, 2012 Details
(M2) Kentucky, University of 3 @ (M2) Akron, University of 5 Oct 26, 2012 Details
(M2) Kentucky, University of 1 @ (M2) Akron, University of 5 Oct 27, 2012 Details
(M2) Akron, University of 2 @ (M1) Duquesne University 5 Nov 03, 2012 Details
(M2) Akron, University of 1 @ (M1) Duquesne University 7 Nov 04, 2012 Details
(M2) Toledo, University of 7 @ (M2) Akron, University of 2 Nov 09, 2012 Details
(M1) Youngstown State University 3 @ (M2) Akron, University of 4 Nov 10, 2012 Details
(M2) Akron, University of 1 @ (M1) Kent State University 3 Nov 16, 2012 Details
(M2) Akron, University of 2 @ (M1) Kent State University 3 Nov 17, 2012 Details
(M2) West Virginia University 1 @ (M2) Akron, University of 6 Nov 30, 2012 Details
(M2) Indiana University of Pennsylvania 3 @ (M2) Akron, University of 2 Dec 01, 2012 Details
(M2) Ohio University 3 @ (M2) Akron, University of 4 (SO) Dec 07, 2012, null, Our thoughts and prayers go out to the victims, families and Newtown, CT. community., null, https://www.facebook.com/photo.php?fbid=10151191744746172&set=a.407285251171.184025.142201966171&type=1&theater, Player Stats 2012 - 2013 season. 

Sled Hockey Game / Alumni Game Jan. 11
Akron vs. Pitt. Jan. 12 4:05PM, Its now that time of the year for the University of Akron Hockey players to take their well deserved break and go home and enjoy there families over the Christmas break! We did announce the first annual University of Akron Hockey Team Banquet will be held February 16th right after the the last home game of the year at the 356th Fighter Group. Guys make sure you tell your parents and girlfriends so they can attend this awesome day with you. It is going to be a buffet style dinner. We are going to meet with all the captains and will have more details after the Christmas break.  This banquet is being made possible because of the AMAZING Sponsors that have came aboard and believed in the University of Akron Hockey Club. They are Hungry Howies Pizza in North Canton and Green, Jarman Printing, 356th Fighter Group, Quaker Steak and Lube, Laser Quest, Falls Motor City, CKP Heating and Cooling, Employee Benefits International, Motion AutoSport, If you are looking for somewhere to eat, your Printing needs, or fun things or even a Vehicle (Call Kevin Davis) PLEASE use these sponsors and let them know you heard of them through the U A Hockey Club! Thank You EVERYONE and have a SAFE and MERRY CHRISTMAS from your University of Akron Hockey Club "The New Era", Tonight's game at Yougnstown State has been cancelled due to an ice problem. The game will be played next semester on January 13th., This will NEVER get played enough or EVER get tired of hearing it, thanks to Whitney for coming out last night to sing the National Anthem! University of Akron vs Ohio University Bob Cats, http://www.ustream.tv/recorded/27569524 Listen to the radio feed from last night, University of Akron WINS in a SHOOT OUT! What an AWESOME game boys, just a thriller all the way to the end. We had an AWESOME Crowd last night and we thank all you U A Fans for coming out and supporting the team. They Team would like to wish everyone a MERRY CHRISTMAS and a HAPPY NEW YEAR! Even you AK ROWDIES are freaking AWESOME! We will be back at it on January the 11th playing the Mighty Barons Sled Hockey team at 8:40pm! Thanks again to you FANS The University of Akron Hockey Club "The New Era", Preparing for the 3rd period, http://www.ustream.tv/channel/uofazipshockey WATCH THE GAME LIVE HERE!, 4 hours and 30 min. till the puck drops for the LAST home game of the year! UA vs OU  9:05pm  Lets Go ZIPPPPPPSSSSS, https://www.facebook.com/events/385492448201682/

Tonight 9pm University of Akron Zips Hockey - ACHA


Reminder Join and invite people to the game., At 9:05 tonight the University of Akron Hockey will take on Ohio U right here at Center Ice Sports Complex! Its the LAST home game of the 2012 so we will be giving out a lot of prizes tonight. There will be an important message to be told to you FANS right after the game ends so stick around. Thanks for all of your SUPPORT! The University of Akron Hockey Team "The New Era", University of Akron Hockey Fans its time to help CAHA out! Canton Akron Hockey Association Pee Wee Hockey Team! This is there Basket that they are raffling off. The basket and tickets will be at our University of Akron vs Ohio U this Friday at our game.
Basket items include:

$25 Visa gift card
A Carlos Santana, Cleveland Indians, autographed, game used baseball bat
Cleveland Indians winter hat
Pittsburgh Penguins scarf
Pittsburgh Steelers hammer
Washington Capitals baseball hat
OSU flip flops
NBA wrist bands
Cleveland Browns ear phones
An RJ Umberger, Columbus Blue Jackets, autographed hockey puck
Cleveland Cavaliers bam bams
Pittsburgh Steelers Christmas ornament
Penguin soap
Canton Charge basketball tickets
Youngstown Phantoms hockey water bottle
Cleveland Browns straws
Lake Erie Monsters bobble head
Youngstown Phantoms T shirt
Pittsburgh Penguins bottle jersey
Pittsburgh Penguins white cheer towel
Cleveland Cavaliers short sleeved T shirt
Pittsburgh Steelers pink Terrible Towel
OSU baseball hat
Cleveland Browns long sleeved T shirt
Pittsburgh Steelers football
University of Akron Hockey Puck signed by the Coaches

The basket will be at the Akron Zips game at Center Ice Sports Complex on December 7th game time 9pm, at the Center Ice Sports Complex from 830am to 1030am, at our Cici's Pizza fundraiser night Dec. 12th, or see your favorite Pee Wee player.  Drawing will be December 12th at 8:30pm.  Winner need not be present.  
Tickets are $1 each, 6 for $5 or 15 for $10

Let's show the CAHA Pee Wee Hockey Teams that the University of Akron stands by them to help out!, Would this be awesome to have them at one of our games?, Hannah Shepler singing the National Anthem at Saturday's game!, Friday nights singer!, 11/30/12, null, null, The University of Akron Hockey Club split the weekend with winning over WVU and taking a tough loss to UPI. It was a good fought hard playing game! Mark Down on your Calenders This coming Friday Dec.7th  is the battle of OHIO! University of Akron vs the Ohio University at 9:05pm. This will be the LAST home game until Jan.11th and this is when we will take on the Mighty Barons Sled Hockey Team! So come on out and catch a GREAT Hockey game next Friday! We also want to congratulate Judy Robinson of Green on winning the University of Akron Hockey Team Corn Hole Boards last night.  Also don't forget we are still your head quarters for your Christmas Shopping. I have Property of Zips Hockey Hoodies for $30.00 dollars. Our very own University of Akron pucks for $8.00 dollars and T-shirts for $12.00 dollars. We also still have those Hand Made Ornaments for you Christmas Tree for $40.00 dollars for a set. You can also have your own number or players number put on the ornament. These need to be ordered by the 10th of Dec. I can't say this enough to our AMAZING Fans THANK YOU for all your support this year! The University of Akron Hockey Club "The New Era", Together we will win and thats what happened last night at the Center Ice Sports Complex! University of Akron Hockey Club PLAYED together and they won 7-1 over the WVU. Way to go boys!! Lets keep it going TONIGHT at 6:25 the UA Hockey team will be taking the Ice again against Indiana University of Pennsylvania. Come on out on see why this TEAM has put the University of Akron Hockey Club on the map this year. Also Thank you to all the FANS, NOBODY out there has better fan base then the University Of Akron Hockey Club. Thank you for your support. The University of Akron Hockey Club "The New Era", ABC News used my favorite picture of this little Angel! This was taken at the Center Ice Sports Complex at a University of Akron Hockey Game! The team made her smile again! We are so proud of you Hope!, Are you ready for some HOCKEY???????? We are back at it this Friday night right here at Center Ice Sports Complex against the West Virginia University at 10:00pm and also Saturday at 6:05pm against Indiana University of PA! Its going to be a wild weekend so come on out and catch a Zips Hockey game! Thanks for your support! The University of Akron "The New Era", Zips tied for the 15th spot in the south East conference., I want to start out by saying Happy Thanksgiving!
 Now on to the BREAKING NEWS!!!!
On January 11 2013 at 8:40pm the University of Akron Hockey Team will be facing the Mighty Barons SLED Hockey Team from Cleveland. That's right our guys will be strapped into these modified   Sleds. These children are Physically Challenged and they are between the ages of 14-20 but they LOVE to play Hockey! They are so EXCITED to come play the University of Akron Hockey Club. These kids are TOTALLY AMAZING! Make sure you folks bring you cameras and video cause I believe you guys will never ever FORGET this night! This will be a fundraiser for both teams so PLEASE help get the word out and let's show the Barons the Support they will have from the University of Akron Hockey Club!

This will be DONATION ONLY for admission. Any Questions please call Kevin Davis at 330-309-7309
The University of Akron Hockey Team! "The New Era", Happy Thanksgiving to everyone here at the University of Akron Hockey Club! I am so Thankful to be apart of an amazing group of people! Have a great Day!, We are raffling this awesome University of Akron Hockey Club Corn Hole set. We are selling raffle tickets for $5.00 each. We will draw for the WINNER on Dec. 7th. In between the second and thrid period! Thanks for you SUPPORT!, WOW, I wish the Columbus Blue Jackets would come see one of our games! This is an awesome video way to go NHL!, EXTRA EXTRA: HUGE announcement we have for the University of Akron Hockey FANS coming this THURSDAY! Stay tuned and go ahead and mark down January 11th 2013 on your calenders at 8:40pm NOW! OOOOOOO are we going to have FUN! Talk to you SOON! (if you know don't blow it please), http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=p5L3L9Oy87Q, http://youtu.be/Lj4YcLDos-o, 11/16/12, Members of the team helped out the food drive, Long Hall Against Hunger, by unloading cars full of donations on 11-16-12, It was a well played game last night! You guys can do this, It's a NEW DAY! Come on boys lets get pumped up and take this one today! It was really nice to see we had MORE Akron hockey  Fans there then Kent did at there own ice. And a HUGE shut out to the Akron Rowdies, way to come and get the referee rattled.  We are all here to support you guys so go win this one today! Play smart and skate hard!, These people donated a FULL Vehicle load of food!!, Please STOP out tomorrow at Chapel Hill Plaza and checkout The University of Akron Hockey Team giving BACK! They will be helping with 98.1 WKDD and collecting food from the vehicles as they pull in the parking lot! This is for the Food for Hunger Drive. We will have a Goalie Net set up so you can take a shoot and win some prizes. We will be there from 8:00am till 10:00am so come out and drop off some food and say hello! Get off on Howe Road and we will be right there in that plaza with Giant Eagle. Thanks for supporting this cause it does mean a lot to the team to do this!, Join the Event. Lets have the Zips fans out number the Kent ones., Who is supporting the Zips on Friday 8:00PM at Kent State Ice Arena...Kent State Still Sucks! Go Zips!, The Players at the University of Akron Hockey Club is really going to step up this Friday with 98.1 WKDD. The Boys will be at Chapel Hill Mall in the parking lot for a food drive. Them team will be in there University of Akron Hockey Jerseys and they will be collecting food from the cars as they pull up! We will have games for the fans to win tickets to our next home games so EVERYONE come on out and meet your University of Akron Hockey Team and see how they like to give back to the community and help from 8:00am till 10:00am.
I am so PROUD of this team. I asked these men last week if they would like to get involved and do this and with NO questions asked they raised there hands and said what time do we need to be there. This is the kind of MEN we have on the team this year!!! So bring your food donation out and meet these guys. Way to go University of Akron Hockey Team "The New Era", 11/10/12, What an amazing afternoon today with the University of Akron Hockey Team BEATING Youngstown State 4-3 in overtime! We had an AMAZING Mary Jo singer tonight for the National Anthem. Good luck next week against Kent!!! We are on a roll and we BELIEVE in you guys so go and BEAT Kent State!!! The University of Akron Hockey "The New Era", Its a NEW DAY! And a BIG day for the University of Akron Hockey Team. We will be Honoring ALL Veterans today at Cent Ice Sports Complex during the U A Hockey Team vs the Youngstown State U at 4:00pm. ADMISSION is FREE for all Veterans. The National Guard Color Guard is coming from Columbus,Oh to do the Flag Ceremony. There also FREE Drawings for the Veterans thought out the game!  We will be going to the 356th Fighter Group after the game tonight so please come on over and join us there!  Also don't forget to help support the Akron Canton FOOD BANK please bring in your Non-Perishable items tonight. A Lot of GREAT things happening tonight so come be apart of all the FUN! Let's GOOOOOOO ZIPS!!!, I am so excited that the University of Akron Hockey team is playing at HOME tonight at 10pm against the University of Toledo! Good Luck ZIPSSSSSSS lets get back on that wining streak again! Can't make tonight's game well you are in LUCK! Saturday they are playing the Youngstown State University and it is Veterans Day! All Veterans will be FREE Admission for Sat. game at 4:05pm.  DON'T forget to BRING your Non-Perishable Items for the Akron Canton Food Bank this weekend to Center Ice Sports Complex! Thanks again for your Support of the University of Akron Hockey Club "The New Era", Come to Center Ice Sports Complex at 5:50pm this friday! This will be the North Canton Hoover Hockey Team vs The Mighty Barons Sled Hockey team! ALL players on both teams will be on these sleds. This is a fundraiser for BOTH teams and it is AMAZING to see the kids from the Mighty Barons who are physically challenged to play Ice Hockey on these sleds. There is NOTHING that could STOP these kids for the love of the game!, The University of Akron Hockey Club is playing this weekend at HOME!!!!! On Friday night we will do battle with the University of Toledo at 10:05pm!!!! Going to be a GOOD ONE!!! 
On Saturday it is Military Day! The Color Guard from Columbus, Ohio will be here doing the Flag Ceremony out on the Ice! The University of Akron Hockey Team will be Honoring ALL VETERANS at the game! There is NO cost for Veterans this day!  We are playing Youngstown State University at 4:05pm! PLEASE be early for the Saturday afternoon game you don't want to miss the Pre-Game show. Bring your camera's and your tissues!!!!  After the game we will be meeting over at the 356th Fighter Group so you can meet the team and Veterans! WOW what a weekend its going to be so come out and JOIN us and see what the University of Akron Hockey Team is all about. I am so PROUD of all these Players and Coaches.  The University of Akron Hockey Team! "The New Era", null, We want to wish the University of Akron Hockey Team GOOD LUCK this weekend playing the Duquesne University! Its your YEAR boys! You guys are 1 point out of first. Let's get in that first place spot this weekend boys. We will keep the fans updated on the games from here and also on twitter @ZipsHockeyClub so follow us and keep updated on the Zips Hockey., This is so AWESOME!, I am calling on ALL the Hockey Teams and FANS at Center Ice Sports Complex to join in with the University of Akron Hockey Team on a Food Drive for the Akron Canton Regional Foodbank! It's that time of the year to make a difference and I believe we all can help a family in need this Holiday Season. We do have the North Canton Hockey Team, and the Jackson High School Hockey Team, and the Canton Akron Penguins ALL helping out with this food drive. If you would like to help you may drop off your NON Perishable items at Center Ice Sports Complex Until November 30th. Now the University of Akron Hockey Team plays November 9th at 10:05pm against the University of Toledo if you bring into the game 3 non perishable items for the food bank you will get in for $2.00. If you bring in a FULL bag your admission is free and you will get reserved seating. Let's do this also for November 10th at 4:05pm. This is also Military Night. So please join in with us and please GIVE. If you have any questions call Kevin Davis at 330-309-7309, Congrats Frankie!, null, null, The University of Akron Ice Hockey Team - ACHA Is Number 2 in the South East Conference of the ACHA with 17 Points

Record (8 W - 5 L - 1 OTL - 0 SOL)


http://achahockey.org/standings.php?league_id=1061&lang=1, Hope we don't get these pucks!  LOL, Here they are University of Akron Hockey Fans!!! The Property of Zips Hockey Hoodies! You can get them in M-L-XL-XXL they do run small so get the next size. This does INCLUDE shipping. If you have any questions please call Kevin at 330-309-7309. Just click on the link below and Thank YOU for supporting the University of Akron Hockey Club!
https://www.paypal.com/cgi-bin/webscr?cmd=_s-xclick&hosted_button_id=HBG3FDUR9FT98, What a weekend for the University of Akron Hockey Team! They swept the University of Kentucky 5-1 was the final today! The boys are on a 4 game WINNING Streak! They are heading to Duquesne University next weekend. Good Luck to ALL of you at the University of Akron Hockey Team., Everyone said NO one could ever shoot the puck from the center of the ice to the goal net  into the Falls Motor City Shoot-A-Puck board. Well it was accomplished TODAY by Ashley Glover!!!!! The puck is 3 inches wide and the hole is 3 1/4 inches wide. She won a Kindle Fire HD for that AMAZING shot. Thank you Falls Motor City Chrysler Jeep Dodge & Ram for the Sponsorship!, What a game tonight The University of Akron Hockey WINS 5-3! Huge shout out to Frankie on his First HAT TRICK of the season!!! Way to go Boys let's do it again tomorrow at 4:05 and SWEEP the University of Kentucky!!!! Lets GOOOOOOO ZIPS!!!, Hey there University of Akron Hockey Fans, YOU asked for them and they are now HERE!!! They are $30.00 Make sure you pick yours up this weekend at the game! Lets GOOOOOOO ZIPS!
They come in M-L-XL-XXL, Lets GOOOOOO Zips!, Last weekend The University of Akron Hockey Club had 2 awesome wins and look right back in the gym and the ice to get ready for the University of Kentucky this Friday night at 9:05 pm and Saturday at 4:05 pm and remember ALSO they are all still attending their classes! Way to go BOYS!!! The University of Akron Hockey CLub "The New Era", http://youtu.be/tSFR65Nbm3A, https://www.facebook.com/events/121324548020912/

Help Spread the Word! 

Pack the House Friday the 26 of October, ALL University of Akron Students get in FREE. Just show you ZIPS Card at the door! Let's pack this place and cheer on the University of Akron Hockey Club and keep this WINNING Streak going! Friday night at 9:05pm and Saturday at 4:05pm. This is the University of Akron Hockey VS University of Kentucky! The University of Akron Hockey Club "The New Era", Ok University of Akron goes into overtime and then into a shoot out!!! Doug Martin in goal and the University of Akron WINS Again in the Shootout!!!!! Way to go boys way to get back on the WIN Streak. We are So Proud of you guys back Home!!, Ok University of Akron is up 4-3 at the end of the second. My contact is saying phone connection is very hard down there so hang there, Ok Hockey Fans!!! Long night last night so up late this morning so right Now its the end of the First period and IUP is up 2-1, Don't forget to LIKE our page right next to our name!!! Help us get to 500 likes before the end of the month. Make sure you tell your friends!!!, What a game!!! Way to go and NEVER give up boys way to keep fighting for the WIN!!! 6-5 in overtime!, Ok here we go into overtime!!!, Hartwick scores its now 5-4 WVU, 15 min to go
 in the 3rd, End of the second and there was a scrap at the end stay tuned for the 3rd, Ok 2nd period started and we are on a power play, WVU is up 3-1 taylor scored 3 mins. left in the first, Ok the game has started and Sniffen has been ejected from the game already and its 2-0 and there is 11:40 to go in the first period, Ok the game has started and Sniffen has been ejected from the game all ready and its 2-0, 2 hours till game time, one focused team. 

Play as a unit for 60 minutes. 

Mental toughness & Pride!, null, Falls Motor City Group! Come out today and wear PINK and Falls Motor City will DONATE $100.00 in your name to the Susan G. Komen Foundation. Just ask for Kevin when you get here!!!, Good LUCK to University of Akron Ice Hockey Team - ACHA!!! They will be playing the West Virginia University tomorrow at 9:00pm! Let's get back on that winning streak. You can catch the updates of the game on twitter @ZipsHockeyClub or right here on facebook!!! See ya fans tomorrow!!!, Everyone needs to read this, Joe Berney,

SO, today is the one month anniversary of the NHL lockout. The news said today that both sides are now interested in talking about the issues...... So here is a proposal to anyone that is a hockey fan. If 2,000,000 people in North America don't spend $500 on anything NHL that is $1,000,000,000 in revenue. If or when the NHL decides they are going grace us with their presents and think that the fans kiss their ass and spend money on them, I ask anyone that is a hockey fan, DON,T DO IT. Don't buy tickets, don't buy jerseys, don't buy TV pacakges. Instead spend it your local rink, spend it at a petes game or generals game or any Junior team you want and if your in the area, go out to dinner at one of the places that is losing money, or putting people out of work.
Four times in 20 years is enough, it's more than any other sport. The NHL is the fourth of the 4 major team sports in North America, 5th if you include NASCAR. They treat you and I like they are all we have for sport or hockey for that matter. You and I can do something about the reported $3,300,000,000 they are fighting over. Gary Bettman, Donald Fehr, NHL owners and players will still get their millions at the end of the day. Pass this along to any friend of yours that is a hockey fan. Don't spend the money on the NHL, don't allow them to forget about the damage they have caused. lets take a stand now and make them work for your respect.....

Joe had this on his face book page it wouldn't let me share it so I copied and pasted this! Way to go Mr.Berney, null, People ask why I drive all the way up to Cuyahoga Falls to work. Read this and it explains why I love working for this company!, See we can do this right here at the University of Akron!!!!! Let's go ZIPS, WOW another nice story from www.crashthenet.com 

Thank you all for helping this weekend making this a hit!, The University of Akron Hockey Club will  Honor ALL of our Military Veterans  November 10th. at 3:40pm at Center Ice Sports Complex right next to the Akron Canton Airport. All Branches of the Military and their families are invited out to watch the game. Simply show your Military ID at the door for your families FREE admission (up to 5). The National Guard, Color Guard will be here from Columbus, Ohio to do the Flag Ceremony. This is the University of Akron Hockey Club will play Youngstown State. Come out and let's ALL show the support for the TROOPS! Please mark this date down in your calendar book and let these men and women out there know we are doing this for THEM!  After the game Veterans and their Families as well as all other fans will have the opportunity to meet the Team and Coaches at the 356th Fighter Group Restaurant on Mt. Pleasant  Road right around the corner of the Center Ice Sports Complex. Any Questions or Concerns call Kevin Davis 330-309-7309 Thank You!, University of Akron takes the Ice today at 4:05pm. Today is a new day boys LETS GOOOOOOO ZIPSSSS!!!, Breast Cancer awareness game tonight, Zips Faceoff 9PM Versus the University of Cincinnati at Center Ice Sports Complex, This is why we have to give back for people like this!!!, This weekend is Breast Cancer weekend! Come out and help us support this great cause! Hungry Howies Love Hope Pizza will also be there and we will have some BAKE GOODS for FREE. Donations ONLY on the Bake Goods! Be sure to wear Pink for a Free Magnet!, null, The Bake Goods is back on this weekend for the University of Akron Hockey Team and Hungry Howies Love, Hope, Pizza Breast Cancer fundraiser!!!!! The Bake goods will be FREE. We are just asking for a DONATION, thats all we are aloud to do now in the State of Ohio. But remember this is so we can do our part and raise money for the BREAST CANCER FOUNDATION! We will still have the T-Shirts to sell and the Love, Hope, Pizza Wrist Bands for $1.00. Please WEAR Pink and show your support! Wear Pink and receive a pink Magnet for showing your support!, Zips are Home this weekend. 

Friday 9pm vs Cincinnati 

Saturday 4pm vs Dayton, Ok you University of Akron Hockey fans! You have asked and here they are. I have 1 in white game worn jersey #5. I also have blue game worn jerseys. #5 #25 #27 #19.
These game worn Jersey are $65.00. I do have Brand New ones also for $95.00 dollars. These are going to go quick so if you see the number you like call me right away. Call me Kevin Davis at 330-309-7309 or send me a face book message or text me. Thanks for your support!, In our Lobby at Center Ice Sports Complex, Zips at HOME this weekend, Check out the link for game times, University of Akron Hockey is here for you Hope!, This is a sweet Statue of Mario Lemieux! We were there today for a college visit. I much rather be at the Madison Square Garden checking out the New York Rangers!, Game 1 Sheet Vs. John Carroll, Game 2 Sheet vs. John Carroll, null, The University of Akron Hockey Club is teaming up this weekend with Hungry Howies Pizza  "Love, Hope and Pizza"  to raise money for the Breast Cancer Foundation. We are asking everyone to wear PINK on Friday the 12th against the University of Cincinnati at 9:05pm and Saturday the 13th against the University of Dayton at 4:05pm. We will have Hungry Howies Pizza for sale and Bake goods! Also we will have these T-Shirts there for sale for $15.99. The proceeds go to the foundation. We all know someone that has had cancer or has cancer so join in with us and lets do what we can to help and let's make this happen!  If you order a Pizza please support Hungry Howies. They are AMAZING  people and they do sponsor our Hockey Club. Massillon Road  241 is 330-899-9993 or the Hungry Howies on Portage Road is 330-305-1318. Thank you so much!!!
 Any questions or comments please call me at 330-309-7309 (Kevin Davis)
                          Let's go Zips Hockey!!!, Lucas you made Kailey smile from ear to ear! She said this was worth missing home coming to get 1 picture with you!!! Way to go Lucas!, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, yep this one is going to leave a mark. Hope you feel better, We have made it to 400 FaceBook Likes!!!! Thanks and lets keep growing. Please tell your friends about this awesome page! Thank you all!, If you have not seen this you need to read this!
http://www.crashthenet.com/?p=2537, http://www.crashthenet.com/?p=2537, Tough loss tonight BUT we are the University of Akron Hockey Team we will be right back at it tomorrow afternoon at 4:05pm. Lets GOOOOO Zips, Hope is going to be at Center Ice tomorrow around 3pm if you would like to meet Hope and her Family be there a little early. She will then be dropping the first puck for us before the game starts!!! Don't anyone tell her but we have some surprises for her!!! See you all tomorrow and Lets GOOOOO Zips!! , Lets GOOOOOOO ZIPS!!! Beat John Carrol tonight!!!, null, The Official University of Akron Pucks are finally here and they are looking sweet! We will sell these for $8.00 dollars on Saturday at the game! Thank you for you support!, Students Please Check In on Facebook At The Gate For Free Admission. Or Tweet @ZipsHockeyClub, null, null, null, We are going to make this little angel SMILE again! This Saturday Hope is going to Eric N Popovich Bella Sera and Pizzeria and Ristorante for a Pizza Party with her FRIENDS and Family at 12:00pm then she is going to come up to Center Ice Sports Complex and she will be our Honorary Puck Dropper for Saturday afternoon game at 4:05pm. It will be the University of Akron Hockey Team vs John Carrol University! I am asking everyone to PLEASE come and so your support for this little Angel! I just want to show Hope its ok we are all here for you!!!  
http://fox8.com/2012/10/01/caught-on-tape-alleged-bullying-of-girl-with-cerebral-palsy/, null, Here are the 2012-2013 University of Akron Hockey Club T-Shirts for sale right here on line! These are in color. They have are logo on the front and Schedule on the back. These are made of 50% cotton and 50% polyester. I have sizes L,XL,XXL. You may click on that Pay-Pal link and pay right there. This does include shipping. If you have any questions call (me) Kevin Davis at 330-309-7309. Thanks for supporting the Univesrity of Akron Hockey Club! "The New Era"

https://www.paypal.com/cgi-bin/webscr?cmd=_s-xclick&hosted_button_id=VWSKRQ9UMXXNS, Here is the  Schedule:
Oct 5, 2012
@ John Carrol University ACHA D-1

8:10 PM
GILMOUR ACADEMY

Oct 6, 2012
John Carrol University ACHA D-1 (HOME)

4:05 PM
CENTER ICE

Oct 12, 2012
University of Cincinnati ACHA D-2 (HOME)

9:05 PM
CENTER ICE

Oct 13, 2012
University of Dayton ACHA D-2 (HOME)
4:05 PM
CENTER ICE

Oct 20, 2012
@ West Virginia University ACHA D-2 
9:00 PM
MORGANTOWN

Oct 21, 2012
 @ Indiana University of Pennsylvania ACHA D-2 
TBA
S&T BANK ARENA

Oct 26, 2012
University of Kentucky ACHA D-2 (HOME)

9:05 PM
CENTER ICE

Oct 27, 2012
University of Kentucky ACHA D-2 (HOME)

4:05 PM
CENTER ICE

Nov 3, 2012
@ Duquesne University ACHA D-1
6:00 PM
ICE CASTLE ARENA

Nov 4, 2012
@ Duquesne University ACHA D-1
2:00 PM
ICE CASTLE ARENA

Nov 9, 2012
 University of Toledo ACHA D-2 (HOME)
10:05 PM
CENTER ICE

Nov 10, 2012
Youngstown State University ACHA D-1 (HOME)
4:05 PM
CENTER ICE

Nov 16, 2012
@ Kent State University ACHA D-1
8:00 PM
KSU ICE ARENA

Nov 17, 2012
@ Kent State University ACHA D-1
2:30 PM
KSU ICE ARENA

Nov 30, 2012
West Virginia University ACHA D-2 (HOME)

10:05 PM
CENTER ICE

Dec 1, 2012
 Indiana University of Pennsylvania ACHA D-2 (HOME)
6:25 PM
CENTER ICE

Dec 7, 2012
 OHIO University ACHA D-2 (HOME)

9:05 PM
CENTER ICE

Dec 8, 2012
@ Youngstown State University ACHA D-1
9:00 PM
ICE ZONE

Jan 11, 2013
TBA
9:05 PM
CENTER ICE

Jan 12, 2013
University of Pittsburgh ACHA D-2 (HOME)
4:05 PM
CENTER ICE

Jan 18, 2013
@ OHIO University ACHA D-2
10:00 PM
BIRD ARENA

Jan 19, 2013
@ Xavier University ACHA D-3

TBA
TBA

Jan 25, 2013
@ University of Cincinnati ACHA D-2 
TBA
SPORTS PLUS

Jan 26, 2013
@ University of Dayton ACHA D-2 
5:00 PM
KETTERING REC CENTER

Jan 27, 2013
@ Wright State University ACHA D-2
1:00 PM
KETTERING REC CENTER

Feb 1, 2013
@ University of Pittsburgh ACHA D-2 
9:15 PM
BLADE RUNNER - HARMARVILLE

Feb 2, 2013
Wright State University ACHA D-2 (HOME)

4:05 PM
CENTER ICE

Feb 8, 2013
@ Bowling Green State University ACHA D-2  
11:00 PM
BGSU RINK

Feb 9, 2013
@ Bowling Green State University ACHA D-2  
9:45 PM
BGSU RINK

Feb 10, 2013
@ University of Toledo ACHA D-2 
2:30 PM
TOLEDO ICE HOUSE

Feb 15, 2013
Duquesne University ACHA D-1 (HOME)
9:05 PM
CENTER ICE

Feb 16, 2013
Duquesne University ACHA D-1 (HOME)
4:05 PM
CENTER ICE, Way to go BOYS!!! What a weekend for the University of Akron Hockey Club! Come on home and lets take it to John Carrol next Friday and Sat. Congrats to the TEAM!!!, Zips win 5-2! First series sweep of the season! A-K!, Score stays 3-1 at 2nd int., Zips up 3-1 at first intermission! A-K!, I will have to do updates on Twitter tonight so follow us @ZipsHockeyClub on twitter! Good Luck to the Boys tonight go STRONG!!! Lets GOOOOOOO Zips!, ACHA Weekend Update

UK 8 - OU 2 (D2)

Millersville 3 - Pitt 4 (D2)

Toledo Rockets 8 - Youngstown Penguins 4 (D1)

OU 6 (D1) - Pitt (D1)

(M2) Miami(OH) University 14 @ (M2) Wright State University 0 

M2) Utah State University 4 @ (M2) Weber State University 1 Sep 27, 2012 Details
(M2) Michigan, University of 1 @ (M3) Oakland University 10 Sep 28, 2012 Details
(M3) South Dakota State University 3 @ (M2) Waldorf College 4 Sep 28, 2012 Details
(M2) Missouri State University 2 @ (M2) Illinois State University 3 Sep 28, 2012 Details
(M2) Lafayette College 1 @ (M2) Muhlenberg College 9 Sep 28, 2012 Details

(M2) Holy Cross, College of the 3 @ (M2) Vermont, University of 4 Sep 28, 2012 Details
(M2) Brigham Young University 5 @ (M2) Utah, University of 12 Sep 28, 2012 Details
(M2) Minnesota, University of 4 @ (M2) Minnesota-Duluth, University of, Zips score at the 15:00 mark of the second, put the zips up 5-0!!! A-K!, 10 minutes, Ok we are about to get this Game started!!! University of Akron vs Kentucky, Ok we are about to get this Game started!!!, null, Zips Just left  Center Ice Sports Complex ... On the road to play @University of Louisville Ice Hockey, Good luck to the University of Akron Hockey Club this weekend in Kentucky! The game is at 10:00pm tonight and Saturday at 7:00pm. I will have updates here on face book or you can follow us on twitter @ZipsHockeyClub  So stay tuned to us tonight! Lets GOOO Zips!!!, null, Thanks Alysha Couldn' do all this without ya! Love ya, she liked her wings thats for sure, told ya Jenn, Thanks for comming out to TGI FRidays!, null, If you do NOT have a Flyer tonight for TGI Fridays I will have them for you. I will be at the first round table with the Roo Flag!!! Come on out and have some with with the University of Akron Hockey Team tonight 4-9pm at the TGI Fridays at Belden Village on dressler road!, Just left the Center Ice Sports Complex the HOME to the University of Akron Hockey Club and here is our next game at home! Come on and get aboard with us and come check out what all this EXCITMENT is all about here. You could even have a chance at the SHOOT-A-PUCK on the ice and win a Kindle Fire HD! Or play a Chuck-A-Puck. This is where we sell 7 pucks for $5.00 dollars and the Winner takes home half the money raised. Its a 50/50 but everyone sees who the winner is right there on the ice. Its the closet Puck to the Laser Quest logo that's on the ice!  with University of Akron Hockey Team., Well its time again to all get together and have some great times and wish the guy's Good Luck in Kentucky! We are haven this FUND RAISER at TGI Fridays tomorrow (9-26-12) from 4:00pm until 10:00pm. If you missed the first one we had an AWESOME time just click on the pictures and see. Again we are raising money to build a NEW Locker room for the University of Akron Hockey Club!! Come out and help support this cause. TGI Fridays is giving us 25% of your bill! Thanks for your support and can't wait to see everyone out there!
This is at the TGI FRIDAYS at Belden Village on Dressler Road! If you need help getting there call me at 330-309-7309 Kevin Davis, So I see a lot of you are tired of the NFL and the REFS. lol Forget football and come out and check out a Hockey game. If you have never seen a game you don't know what you are missing.The University of Akron Hockey vs John Carrol University Oct. 6th at 4:05pm!, 356th Fighter Group, https://www.facebook.com/photo.php?fbid=4200889431904&set=pcb.4200893272000&type=1&relevant_count=3&ref=nf, Don't forget we are going to TGI Fridays this wend. in Belden Village on Dressler Road from 4pm-9pm. Fridays is giving us 25% of your bill. We could do really well if everyone gets the word out to there friends,family's,neighbors, and enemies.   It is going to be a great time come on out and help support the University of Akron Hockey Club! Again we are raising money to build there OWN locker room at Center Ice so if you would like to make a donation or know someone who would like to talk about sponsoring the University of Akron Hockey Club please have them contact me at 330-309-7309 Kevin Davis! Thanks again and Good Luck to The University of Akron Hockey Club this weekend in Kentucky!! "The New Era", We split the series with Ohio State today score was 4-8. Tough loss for the University of Akron but really WE all had a FUN time this weekend. We all got to see some great Hockey! Thanks guys! Good luck in Kentuckey next weekend!, Will Someone let Gage Townsend know that I have his student ID card right here at the Ice rink. Ask for Kevin Davis, Another FUN filled day at 4:05 with the University of Akron Hockey vs Ohio State!  Come watch the boys BEAT Ohio State back to back days!!!! After the game we will be heading over to the 356th Fighter Group for some good times with the team. So come over and meet the players and the HOCKEY FANS!!!, Zips Hockey Season Update:, Zips Play at 4PM Today!, What a Night!!! The University of Akron Hockey BEATS Ohio State 4-2! Well played game by the boys. Congrats to them and the coaching staff! It was just a PACKED House WOW the Fans Support was AWESOME tonight. THANK YOU! Ok are you now ready to come and check out the University of Akron Hockey Team? Well you are in luck we go again against Ohio State (tomorrow) Saturday at 4:05pm. Let"s GOOOO ZiPS!, We Beat OSU 4 - 2 Thank everyone who came out tonight! A big shout out to Kevin Davis who did a Stellar Job on Game Day operations., Season Tickets Available Order Right NOW! Special Reserved Seating. 
www.paypal.com/cgi-bin/webser?cmd=_s-xclick&hosted_button_id=sh8r98ptl2dcl, http://akronsportsnow.com/2012-zips-hockey-preview/, Are you ready for some HOCKEY?????????? We are down to 12 hours to go! I am so excited about getting this kicked off here at home. Come on out tonight and have a great time and you can also catch a great Hockey Game!!! The University of Akron vs Ohio State 8pm. "The New Era", Well its FINALLY here! I want to THANK the new Corporate Sponsors for coming aboard this year. We have another Fundraiser at TGI Fridays in Belden Village Wends. the 26th from 4:00pm until 10:00pm. I will have flyers at the Game Friday and Saturdays game that you must give your server. We are doing these fundraiser to get everyone together and raise money so we can build a NEW Locker Room for the University of Akron Hockey Team.  So THANK YOU everyone for the support you have shown allready.  I have received emails that people have asked how much do I get paid to do this. Well its time to answer this. I don't get a DIME. I do it cause of coach Sadjadi and the coaching staff and they boys on the team. I don't even know the guys on the team really. My saying is "I just love hockey". Also After Saturday's game we will be going over to the 356th Fighter Group to talk and chat about the game. It would be nice to see you fans come over and meet some of the players get something to eat or drink. It will be a nice time to mingel with everyone! Let's Goooooo Zips Hockey "The New Era", First D1 Win ... Full Highlights 

Sunday September 16th 2012


http://youtu.be/_Cp3HXrNSHI, First D1 Win ... Full Highlights 

Sunday September 16th 2012


http://youtu.be/_Cp3HXrNSHI, Highlights From Game 1 Canisius, Are you ready for some University of Akron HOCKEY???? Only 3 more days until the Home Opener against Ohio State!!!! Ok! It's time to get JACKED up so here we go. Purchase 2 season tickets RIGHT NOW for only $65.00 UNTIL Sept 21st, Season Ticket Holders and Corporate Sponsors will get PREMIERE Seating at all Home Games so save BIG compared to single game tickets! This is buy 1 get one free! Must purchase through Pay-Pal just click on the link below! 8:00pm is the start time but you do NOT want to be late for this opener! If you have any questions or concerns just call Kevin Davis at 330-309-7309
"The New Era"

www.paypal.com/cgi-bin/webser?cmd=_s-xclick&hosted_button_id=sh8r98ptl2dcl, First D1 Victory in Club History

Overtime Winning Goal

#7 Kyle Althen from #77 Anthony DiMarco @ 1:42 Overtime, First Win against a D1 team in club history. Kyle Althen seals it with the Overtime Winner. Final score (Zips 4 - canisius 3). 

Other goals for the zips 

#6 B. Hein from #14 Brian Burke @ 7:13 2nd period. 

#16 Josh Foster from #21 Greg Revak & #26 Lucas Gsellman @ 19:16 3rd period

#9  Lucas Gsellman from #7 Kyle Althen @ 5:21 3rd period on the Power Play

#7 Kyle Althen from #77 Anthony DiMarco @ 1:42 Overtime, Playing at 11:15AM ...lets make play, not the pretty play today., Wow we are down 2-1 with 5:55 left in the first, Wow that fast now it's 1-1, Kyle Althen scores the first goal of the season!, 1 -0 Zips score on a power play, Starting line up is......Frankie.....dimarco.....revack....Hellman.....Foster....lafferty is in goal, Less Than 4 hours. 14 New Players will play their first game in a Zips Uniform., Zips are on the Road., Akron Zips Hockey Club is now apart of the twitter family to help keep you updated throughout the season! FOLLOW us @ZipsHockeyClub and stay tuned!, Zips Hockey Play Season Opener Versus Canisius College ACHA Ice Hockey Tomorrow Night in Buffalo, Way to go "KING", I need some feed back on this fund raiser I would like to do!!!! I would like to get The North Canton Hoover Hockey Team vs The University of Akron Hockey Club in a Laser Quest game! OOOO by the way I would also like to see the parents get involved also and play. Anyone can play even the fans can get involved. If you have never played this game its not just for KIDS! This would benefit BOTH teams and I believe it would be a lot of fun! Leave your comments here on Facebook and lets see if you guys are interested in doing this.

http://www.facebook.com/photo.php?fbid=491747064170245&set=a.282991265045827.79012.282804125064541&type=1&relevant_count=1, We will NEVER FORGET, Full Schedule for the 2012 -2013 Season, http://youtu.be/Lugl2ZU6-pA, Come on Guys......., We have hit the 300 Likes on our University of Akron Hockey page!!! I believe the best kept Secret at the University of Akron is now being exposed all around the University and the communities around OHIO! Please share our page with your friends so we can have the BIGGEST Opening show ever in the history of the University of Akron Hockey Club!!! "The New Era" 
Akron U vs Ohio State Sept. 21st 8:00pm and the 22nd at 3:00pm You Don't want to be late!!! Make sure you bring a camera. Thanks again University of Akron Hockey Fans! "The New Era", https://www.facebook.com/events/473755609304189/

Help us make this the best night ever for Zips Hockey, ITS time again to all get together and have a good time at TGI Fridays in Belden Village on Dressler Road!!! This is going to happen on September 26th its a wednesday evening from 4:00pm till 9:00pm. This will be right after we KICK Ohio States can on the September 21st and 22nd. You do have to have a flyer for University of Akron  Hockey Club. I will have these at the game for you to bring and give to your server!!! For those who missed our last one at the LUBE we had a blast so come one out for this one and see what we are talking about and meet some of the players! Any questions or comments call Kevin Davis at 330-309-7309!!!, Look at the "KINGS" New Helmet!!! Just AWESOME!!!, I would like to also Welcome Falls Motor City Chrysler Jeep Dodge Ram as a Sponsor also!!! We have some AWESOME sponsors this year. I just hope everyone sees who is supporting the University of Akron Hockey Club. Folks we NEED to support the business that support us! All these places that are on board with us are awesome place to go and Eat or play Laser Tag or even looking for a Vehicle! (This is where I work so if you looking for a vehicle call me) Again if someone would like to advertise there business with us Call me Kevin Davis at 330-309-7309 or email me. I have from $40.00 to $6,000.00 sponsorship's! Donation all ways help also! Thanks for Supporting the University of Akron Hockey Club! "The New Era", I would like to Welcome one of our Newest Sponsor. The 356th Fighter Group! It is located on the run ways of the Akron Canton Airport which is right around the corner!, Here is the NEW University of Akron Hockey Club Flag!!! Over 20 feet high. Its freakin AWESOME!!! Come on Sept. 21st 8:00pm against Ohio State!!, Zips Hockey Training at Summers 24/7 Fitness, We might have all 10 players shooting on the same Goalie this year when we play Kent State!!!! Let's GOOOOO Zips Hockey Team!!!, 19 days until home opener against Ohio State! This video just pumps me up. LETS GO ZIPS!!, http://akronsportsnow.com/akron-hockey-sets-final-roster/, University of Akron Hockey Club is holding a Blood Drive today from 9:00am till 1:00pm at Center Ice Sports Complex. If you have some extra blood you need to get rid of PLEASE stop by today. This is a fundraiser the player's are putting on so please stop by and donate a little! Thanks again The University of Akron Hockey Club! "The New Era" any questions or comments call 330-309-7309, Sad new in the Hockey World today...Our Prayers are with you guys, http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lugl2ZU6-pA

Check this out if you have not seen it, WHOS READY FOR ZIPS HOCKEY! HOME OPENER VERSUS OSU SEPT. 21ST

CHECK OUT THE PROMO VIDEO, null, null, Akron Zips Football Good Luck to the Football Team Tonight!, Come out and watch the Zips Hockey Scrimmages this weekend

Friday at 7PM - 9PM

Saturday 8AM - 10AM (We will also be hosting a blood drive after the Skate)

@ Center Ice Sports Complex, null, http://akronzipshockey.org/index.html

More tweaks to come this week, Are you ready for some Akron U HOCKEY????  Only  3 more days until the Home Opener against Ohio State!!!! Ok! It's time to get JACKED up so here we go. Purchase 2 season tickets RIGHT NOW for only $65.00 UNTIL Sept 21st, Season Ticket Holders and Corporate  Sponsors will get PREMIERE Seating at all Home Games so save BIG compared to single game tickets! This is buy 1 get one free! Must purchase through Pay-Pal just click on the link below! 8:00pm is the start time but you do NOT want to be late for this opener! If you have any questions or concerns just call Kevin Davis at 330-309-7309
"The New Era"

https://www.paypal.com/cgi-bin/webscr?cmd=_s-xclick&hosted_button_id=SH8R98PTL2DCL, 2010 - 2012, AKRON VS. OSU Center Ice Sports Complex Sept. 21 8PM

Who's excited!, University of Akron Ice Hockey Team - ACHA

HOME OPENER VERSUS OHIO STATE UNIVERSITY 

SEPTEMBER 21st 8PM

@ Center Ice Sports Complex

Students free with Facebook check in or $2

General Admission $5

Season Tickets are Available, Welcome our new sponsor by liking their facebook page

https://www.facebook.com/LaserQuestCanton, What a Great Day on the Business side of the University of Akron Hockey Club! Here you think we are going to have FUN this year? Hungry Howies Pizza, Papa Gyros, and now a place to go burn that food off!!! University of Akron Hockey Club would like to welcome there newest sponsor LASER QUEST!!! We will be giving away 4 packs of Laser Quest package for Power Play Goals!!!! This YEAR is going to be awesome! Get your season tickets now!!!!

https://www.paypal.com/cgi-bin/webscr?cmd=_s-xclick&hosted_button_id=SH8R98PTL2DCL, We support the Canton Akron Youth Hockey Association, www.akronhockey.com Will be up this week keep checking

One Week to Tryouts! 

August 28 & 30 8am -10am

31st 7pm - 9PM

Sept. 1st 8am -10am, The final numbers are in and we raised a little under $600.00 at Quaker Steak and Lube Monday night! THANK YOU to ALL that was apart of this fundraiser. If you missed it that's ok maybe you can Join us again at TGI Fridays on Wend. Sept.26th 4:00pm till 9:00pm. Thanks again. There is NOTHING like a Hockey Fan!!! University of Akron Hockey Club! "The New Era"

Kevin Davis
Marketing Manager
330-309-7309, Click onto the Photos tab and take a look at the FUN everyone had last night. Matt Hartwick thanks for being an awesome sport! We couldn't have had this kind of success without YOU and Shelly! Hockey was sure in the air last night! Our next Fundraiser will be Spet. 26th at T.G.I. Fridays on Dressler road in Belden Village! This is right after the opening game against Ohio State so it will be a great time there! If anyone has any Suggestions, Comments or Concerns please call me at 330-309-7309 or face book me! I am looking to see what YOU fans want us to do besides having a winning season!! So come on Parents and Hockey Fans let's hear it!!!, I want to send out a HUGE THANK YOU to everyone that came out tonight to support The University of Akron Hockey Club! We had a fun nite thats for sure! I want to also say HATS OFF to the Amazing staff at Quaker Steak and Lube you guys were awesome!  THANK YOU ALL AGAIN!!! 

Kevin Davis, This is just a reminder that tomorrow night from 4:00pm till 9:00pm is the University of Akron Hockey Club fundraiser at Quaker Steak and Lube right at the Hall of Fame Bridge. Please plan to come out and have some fun with us. The Coaches and some of the players will be there to meet you also!  You are going to eat on Monday anyway so come on out and help us raise the roof at the Lube! You have to tell your server you are there for the University of Akron Hockey Club so we can get the credit! Any questions or concerns  call me  at 330-309-7309! Thanks again  for your support!, Just a reminder for Monday August 13th Quaker Steak and Lube - Canton, OH  4 -9pm ...Let your server know your there for Akron Hockey... We will also be selling the car window stickers for $8 (Skim thru our pictures to find the image), Home Game Dates and Times Finalized

9/21 8pm-11pm Ohio State University ACHA D-2 (HOME)
9/22 3:40pm- 6:50pm Ohio State University ACHA D-2 (HOME)

10/6    3:40pm-7pm John Carrol University ACHA D-1 (HOME)

10/12 8:40pm - 12:30pm University of Cincinnati ACHA D-2 (HOME)
10/13  3:40pm-6:50pm University of Dayton ACHA D-2 (HOME)

10/26 8:40pm -12:30pm University of Kentucky ACHA D-2 (HOME)
10/27 3:40-6:50pm University of Kentucky ACHA D-2 (HOME)

11/9  9:40pm-12:30pm University of Toledo ACHA D-2 (HOME)
11/10 3:40pm-6:50pmYoungstown State University ACHA D-1 (HOME)

11/30 9:40pm - 12:30pm West Virginia University ACHA D-2 (HOME)
12/1 6pm-8:50pm Indiana University of Pennsylvania ACHA D-2 (HOME)

12/7 8:40pm - 12:30pm OHIO University ACHA D-2 (HOME)

1/11  8:40pm-12:30pm TBA ( Home)
1/12 3:40pm-6:50pm University of Pittsburgh ACHA D-2 (HOME)

2/2   3:40pm-6:50pm Wright State University ACHA D-2 (HOME)

2/15 8:40pm - 12:30pm Duquesne University ACHA D-1 (HOME)
2/16 3:40pm-7pm Duquesne University ACHA D-1 (HOME), null, Almost 200 Fans! Please share our page, https://www.facebook.com/events/247244012059364/, Next Week is the Quaker Steak and Lube - Canton, OH Fundraiser from 4pm - 9pm 

Come out and support the team, Kent State Sucks! 

We will play them in November (16 & 17 KSU Ice Arena) stay tuned for all the updates, The University of Akron Hockey Club Season Tickets are on Sale NOW!!!! You get 17 Home Games for only $65.00! You save $20.00.  We have Pay-Pal all ready to go so you can just pay with your credit card. It is a SECURED Site. You will also have special seating  at half Ice. If anyone knows someone who wants to sponsor the team please contact Kevin Davis at 330-309-7309 or email me at kdavis6786@yahoo.com. Thank You for your support!

https://www.paypal.com/cgi-bin/webscr?cmd=_s-xclick&hosted_button_id=SH8R98PTL2DCL, Zips Hockey Blood Drive

September 1st, (10am - 2pm)

Where: Center Ice Sports Complex Parking Lot

Give Blood, Watch University of Akron Ice Hockey Team - ACHA

Also:

Get your Season Tickets on Sale NOW!

https://www.paypal.com/cgi-bin/webscr?cmd=_s-xclick&hosted_button_id=SH8R98PTL2DCL

Last day of tryouts Sept. 1st  (8am - 10am) 

Final Roster will be posted after 5PM, 29 Days till tryouts. 

Cost $80 (8 hours of ice)

August 28 8am - 10am

August 30 8am - 10am

August 31 8pm - 10pm

September 1 8am - 10am, My daughter Alysha is on cloud 9 today!! She is so in love with Michael Del Zotto of the New York Rangers and during his Q&A he tweeted her and here it is!!! She is my CFO for UA Hockey Club!!!!!, https://www.facebook.com/events/473755609304189/

Don't miss it!, Almost 200 fans help us get the word out. Please share our page. Our goal is to pack the rink opening night!, Starting Saturday we will be offering 2012-2013 Season Tickets for only $65.00 dollars you save $20.00 from the door. This is for all 17 home games.
We will also be selling the University of Akron Hockey Team Jersey's for $95.00!!!!!
You will be able to pay with your credit card through Pay-Pal.
Any questions contact Kevin Davis at 330-309-7309, https://www.facebook.com/hockeystopohio, Like Our Official Hockey Suppliers Page, null, Come Join the Team on August 13th Quaker Steak and Lube - Canton, OH from 4pm - 9pm, null, Wooster Oilers & U of Akron in talks about exhibition preseason match up., 2010 - 2012, Itching for University of Akron Ice Hockey Team - ACHA? This 6 part documentary of the Minnesota Wild will fill part of your thirst., GET YOUR CAR STICKERS PRE ORDERED?, Did you know that Akron has Lacrosse on campus? Check out UA's Men's Lacrosse Team and "Like" their page to stay updated for upcoming games.
 
http://www.facebook.com/pages/Akron-Zips-Lacrosse/201923869838476, 75 days until we play Ohio State University for the Home Opener, https://orgsync.com/36867/events/363059, Buy one at the Akron hockey Quaker Steak and lube Fundraiser https://www.facebook.com/events/247244012059364/, null, Here are the back window decals for your Vehicle! I do have them in stock right now for only $8.00 dollars! Email me at kdavis6786@yahoo.com and I will give you the address where to send your check! Or call me Kevin Davis at 330-309-7309! thank You, Ok I need everyone to put this date in there calender book August 13th. We need EVERYONE to go to Quaker Steak and Lube in Canton, Ohio right off of I77 at The Pro Football Hall of Fame Bridge  between 4:00pm and 9:00pm and eat! Akron Hockey Club will get a portion of your bill.  MATT HERTWECK is a Forward on the Hockey Team and he will be there Serving that day. You won't miss him I have it set up that he will be in his Akron University Hockey Jersey! You are going to eat that day so you might as well come out and help the TEAM raise some money! We need you to tell your Family & Friends and Neighbors and your Enemies. Let's RAISE the roof at the Quaker Steak and Lube August 13th between 4pm and 9pm!  Let your server know that you are with the University of Akron Hockey Club. Or print this out and take with you! Any questions, comments or concerns PLEASE call Kevin Davis at 330-309-7309!, http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SxgJnAFx6G8

Great Hit .... Are you Itching for the Hockey season?, Ok quick update on the Business side of the University of Akron Hockey Club! Michael Sadjadi and I have been out today getting more NEW sponsorship for this coming season! I still need some more Business Cards Sponsors also for the program. Its ONLY $40.00 for 17 home games. Please help us make this happen! You can contact Kevin Davis at 330-309-7309 or email me at kdavis6786@yahoo.com Everyone needs to remember 9-21-12 at 8:00pm. This is our home opener against Ohio State! YOU don't want to miss the pre-game it will be the BIGGEST Opening night ever! We have an AWESOME evening planed! You don't want to be late!!!!!! Any questions or suggestions please call me or email me!, Would you like to put your Buissness card in the 2012-2013 University of Akron Hockey Club Program? That's right we will have a program this year with all the players names and jersey numbers along with 25 Business card advertising spot's. So if you are interested in promoting your Business or know of someone who might be intrested PLEASE call Kevin Davis at 330-309-7309 or email me at kdavis6786@yahoo.com Again there are only 25 slots available and the sponsors will be in all 17 Home game programs for ONLY $40.00! Please help in supporting the University of Akron Hockey Club. Thank you!

Kevin Davis
Marketing
University of Akron Hockey Club
kdavis6786@yahoo.com
330-309-7309, Official Home Game Schedule with times! 

We have 38 regular season games next season & 17 of them are at HOME!

9/21 8pm-11pm Ohio State University ACHA D-2 (HOME)
9/22 3:40pm- 6:50pm Ohio State University ACHA D-2 (HOME)

10/6    3:40pm-7pm John Carrol University ACHA D-1 (HOME)

10/12 8:40pm - 12:30pm University of Cincinnati ACHA D-2 (HOME)
10/13  3:40pm-6:50pm University of Dayton ACHA D-2 (HOME)

10/26 8:40pm -12:30pm University of Kentucky ACHA D-2 (HOME)
10/27 3:40-6:50pm University of Kentucky ACHA D-2 (HOME)

11/9  9:40pm-12:30pm University of Toledo ACHA D-2 (HOME)
11/10 3:40pm-6:50pmYoungstown State University ACHA D-1 (HOME)

11/30 9:40pm - 12:30pm West Virginia University ACHA D-2 (HOME)
12/1 6pm-8:50pm Indiana University of Pennsylvania ACHA D-2 (HOME)

12/7 8:40pm - 12:30pm OHIO University ACHA D-2 (HOME)

1/11  8:40pm-12:30pm TBA ( Home)
1/12 3:40pm-6:50pm University of Pittsburgh ACHA D-2 (HOME)

2/2 TBA Wright State University ACHA D-2 (HOME)

2/15 TBA Duquesne University ACHA D-1 (HOME)
2/16 TBA Duquesne University ACHA D-1 (HOME), What a Sweater Vest!!! Things are looking up here at the Akron U!!!!, http://www.lakeeriemonsters.com/fanz/youthhockey/, We constantly get asked, "What do you do in the off season." This is the busiest time of year. Right now we are working on the schedule & renewals . Very busy but loving EVERY minute of it! #goZips, Tri-State Collegiate Hockey League Teams, null, http://www.zonethemeslax.com/tschlhockey.com/2012/03/toledo-wins-2011-2012-playoff-championship/, Congrats to the L.A. Kings Winning their first Stanley Cup, Here are some of the Sponsors coming aboard this year! My name is Kevin Davis and I will be out an about to create more sponsorship's for this coming season. A lot of you know my son Korey Davis. He is one of the goalies for Hoover High school that Michael Sadjadi the head coach of U Akron Hockey Club has worked with in the last 13 months. This is what has strived me to being a huge U Akron Hockey Fan. I am handling the Marketing for the team. I have also put a team together to help me. We have ALOT of things planed for this coming year with fun and games during the game and in between the periods. You may message me here or call me at 330-309-7309 with any comments or concerns! We need everyone's support to make this year an AWESOME one!  Thanks again, Kevin Davis
LET'S GO U AKRON HOCKEY CLUB!, null, null, Please watch this video! This is why I do this for U Akron Hockey club! If you have a business or know someone I need to talk with to create a sponsorship program with please send me a message! We are signing up some great Company's in the next week! Hungry Howies Pizza and Papa Gyro's are 2 that are already on board for this coming season! Thanks again for your help,

Kevin Davis
U Akron Hockey Club
330-309-7309, http://akronsportsnow.com/best-kept-secret/, 9/15 @ Canisius Golden Griffins ACHA D-1 
9/16 @ Canisius Golden Griffins ACHA D-1 

9/21 Ohio State University ACHA D-2 (HOME)
9/22 Ohio State University ACHA D-2 (HOME)
 
9/29 @ Louisville ACHA D-2  
9/30 @ Louisville ACHA D-2 
 
10/5 @ John Carrol University ACHA D-1
10/6     John Carrol University ACHA D-1 (HOME)
 
10/12 University of Cincinnati ACHA D-2 (HOME)
10/13 University of Dayton ACHA D-2 (HOME)
 
10/19 
10/20 @ West Virginia University ACHA D-2 
10/21 @ Indiana University of Pennsylvania ACHA D-2 
 
10/26 University of Kentucky ACHA D-2 (HOME)
10/27 University of Kentucky ACHA D-2 (HOME)
 
11/3 @ Duquesne University ACHA D-1
11/4 @ Duquesne University ACHA D-1
 
11/9  University of Toledo ACHA D-2 (HOME)
11/10 Youngstown State University ACHA D-1 (HOME)
 
11/16 @ Kent State University ACHA D-1
11/17 @ Kent State University ACHA D-1
 
11/23 Thanksgiving 
11/24 Thanksgiving
 
11/30 West Virginia University ACHA D-2 (HOME)
12/1 Indiana University of Pennsylvania ACHA D-2 (HOME)

 
12/7 OHIO University ACHA D-2 (HOME)
12/8 @ Youngstown State University ACHA D-1
 

1/11 (HOME)
1/12 University of Pittsburgh ACHA D-2 (HOME)
 
1/18 @ OHIO University ACHA D-2 
1/19 @ Xavier University ACHA D-3
 
1/25 @ University of Cincinnati ACHA D-2 
1/26 @ University of Dayton ACHA D-2 
1/27 @ Wright State University ACHA D-2 
 
2/1@ University of Pittsburgh ACHA D-2 
2/2 Wright State University ACHA D-2 (HOME)
 
2/8 @ Bowling Green State University ACHA D-2  
2/9 @ Bowling Green State University ACHA D-2  
2/10 @ University of Toledo ACHA D-2

2/15 Duquesne University ACHA D-1 (HOME)
2/16 Duquesne University ACHA D-1 (HOME)
 
2/22  ACHA D-2 Regionals
2/23 ACHA D-2 Regionals

3/1 Tri-State Collegiate Hockey League Playoffs (Hosted By the University of Akron Zips Hockey Club)
3/2 Tri-State Collegiate Hockey League Playoffs (Hosted By the University of Akron Zips Hockey Club)
3/3 Tri-State Collegiate Hockey League Playoffs (Hosted By the University of Akron Zips Hockey Club), null, null, Updating the New Facebook page. More sponsorship information to come., null, Thrilling Games over the Weekend Puts the Hockey Teams over all Record on the year to 7W-15L-3SOL, 2011-2012, Game sweaters check!, null)