List(Mary E. Gladwin Hall (1979) is home to the College of Health Professions. It is named after Mary Gladwin, an 1887 graduate of Buchtel College, who went on to have a long and distinguished career in nursing both in the field and in administration. She served as a Red Cross nurse in the Spanish-American War, the Russo-Japanese War, and World War One in the Balkans and received numerous awards and commendations for her work. The Mary E. Gladwin Papers 1898-1939 are held at Archival Services at The University of Akron. For further information on Mary Gladwin see http://rave.ohiolink.edu/archives/ead/OhAkUAS0042.  Images from the collections of Archival Services., How good is a scholarly journal? Should I read their papers? Should I publish there? 
Many would point to impact factor, a blunt measure of citations divided by number of articles over a two year span, as an answer. But there are many other ways to look at journals, like Scimago. SciMago takes a broad array of journal characteristics, examining how popular and influential journals are by the particular subfield you are interested in. Check it out. http://www.scimagojr.com/, We pass by the buildings every day and don’t give them a second thought. But many buildings on campus are named after people with real connections to The University of Akron. On this day look back to 1976 with the opening of Guzzetta Hall. Home of the Firestone Conservatory of Music and the Sandefur Experimental Theater, Guzzetta Hall was named for Dominic J. Guzzetta, president of The University of Akron from 1971 to 1984 and his late wife, Nola M. Guzzetta. Images from the collections of Archival Services at The University of Akron., 100 years ago the Buchtelite announced the newly-constructed library building was to be named Carl F. Kolbe Hall and house Bierce Library. 

Carl Kolbe, who died in 1905, was a well-loved professor of modern languages and one of the very first instructors at Buchtel College. Kolbe Hall was made possible through the generosity of Frank Seiberling and Frank Mason, who contributed $30,000 for the construction. 

Carl F. Kolbe Hall remained the main library at the University for over 40 years with an annex being added in 1949. It was finally demolished in 1960 to make room for the new University Library which opened in 1961. Some of you might remember it as Carroll Hall. 

Many thanks to Sarah Riddle, one of Archival Services’ student assistants, who located the original 1916 Buchtelite article.  

Here are some images of the exterior and interior of Kolbe Hall through the years. Images from Archival Services at The University of Akron., Join us at 11:10 in room 154 for the Science Olympics event Wind Power., null, Our own Aimee DeChambeau will be hosting this Rethinking Race session tomorrow at Bierce- hope to you see you there!, CCHP Exhibit for Rethinking Race Forum

The exhibit “Black Psychologists and the American Dream” showcasing materials from the Cummings Center for the History of Psychology, is now located on the first and second floors of Bierce library.  The exhibit features a speech written by Martin Luther King, Jr. only seven months before he was killed, personal and professional materials of the first Black woman psychologist in America, a seminal book in the struggle for African American psychologists to be recognized within the profession, and film stills from the 1963 program, “The Negro and the American Promise”.

These original materials from archival collections at the Cummings Center put the African American experience in context with psychology.  The exhibit reveals the struggles of Black psychologists within the profession of psychology, as well as the history of civil rights in American psychology.

This exhibit complements the “The African American Dream: Historical Perspectives in Today’s Society” Rethinking Race event sponsored by the Cummings Center.

The exhibit will be open through the month of March., The Race Card Project is back at Bierce Library for Rethinking Race 2016. Submit your card of 6 words from Feb 1-12 in the lobby of Bierce. 

Check out the other great programming on campus for Rethinking Race: http://www.uakron.edu/race/, RETHINKING RACE: Black, White and Beyond
Jan. 29 to Feb. 12, 2016
A forum in which race and race-related issues can be discussed, examined, and hopefully, better understood through films, performances, Face-2-Face Conversations, and keynote speakers. Rethinking Race hopes to engage the public with important topics such as diversity in the workplace and awareness of issues and culture., Big change at the Science & Technology Library - we now host the engineering tutoring program! Open hours are 10am-6pm Monday through Thursday and 10am-2pm on Friday. Come by ASEC to get help with math, stats, chem, physics and of course engineering., What can you do from the University Libraries homepage? Want to reserve a study room? Check under QUICK LINKS. Want to see if a book is on reserve? Again, under QUICK LINKS: Check under Course Reserves, Information for Students – scroll down to LOOKING UP COURSE Reserves. Or just want today’s hours? Visit http://www.uakron.edu/libraries/, null, null, The Libraries will be Closed from December 24th until January 3rd, and reopen on Monday, January 4th, The University Libraries will close at 5:00 on Friday the 18th and re-open Monday morning at 8:00 a.m. The Libraries will be open 8:00 to 5:00 from Monday the 21st until Wednesday the 23rd.
The Libraries will be Closed from December 24th until January 3rd, and reopen on Monday January 4th., null, null, Last day for therapy dogs at Bierce! This is Brodie. :) Stop by before 2pm to meet him along with Ben and Norman for instant smiles and stress relief., Have you contributed to our art wall? Stop by Bierce this week to color your stress away!, tbTuesday? Our PB&J Deli will be back tonight at 8pm in Bierce!, Therapy dogs are here at Bierce from noon-2pm! This sweet girl is Penny, and she is waiting to meet new friends. Stop by and say hello!, Happy Pre-Finals Week! To help you stress-less before finals we have some stress reducing activities planned- check out the schedule here: http://bit.ly/1IzC14a, Starting Monday, December 7th, University Libraries will be open longer hours in preparation for Exam week. 
Check: http://www.uakron.edu/libraries/about/hours.dot, December 1st is the due date, are you graduating in May 2016?

Graduation applications due for students completing Associate or
 Baccalaureate degree requirements by the end of Spring 2016 on December 1st, 2015.
from: https://www.uakron.edu/dotAsset/851728.pdf, “In the bus, the tram or the metro, everyone can make the most of these moments to read short stories, poems or short comics,” said a statement from Short Édition. “And they can be sure to enjoy the ending.”, 3D Printing Brings History to Life, Printing is being re-established across campus., Our student workers did a spooktacular job of decorating the Circulation Desk for Halloween!, Our student workers did a spooktacular job of decorating the Circulation Desk for Halloween!, null, It's here chemists! ACS on Campus is TODAY starting a 9am. You can still come if you haven't registered - details here: http://bit.ly/1QJ2j35, http://www.ohio.com/news/break-news/pete-demming-the-original-university-of-akron-kangaroo-mascot-passes-away-1.631052, Attention all scientists! 

ACS on Campus will be at University of Akron on Tuesday and Wednesday, October 20-21. Learn from the ACS editors and experts in the field about how to maximize your research, get published, and build the skills you need to gain that competitive edge. 

FREE FOOD is provided to all registered attendees. Register now at http://bit.ly/1QJ2j35. #ACSatUAkron, Looking for a group study room? Where you can write on the wall? Need a projector, try one on the first floor. For easy booking look under Quick Links on the Library Homepage for Book a Study Room!  Need assistance? Please contact the Bierce Circulation Desk at 330-972-5355.
 http://www.uakron.edu/libraries/services/study-rooms.dot, To commemorate the 26-year career of Robert D. Jorgensen, Professor of Music Emeritus and Director of Bands Emeritus, the University of Akron Libraries has created a website featuring scans of over 30 programs from Mr. Jorgensen’s tenure at the University of Akron.  Mr. Jorgensen passed away suddenly on July 4, 2015.  Please contact Lisa Lazar (x8242, llazar@uakron.edu) with any questions regarding the project.

http://ideaexchange.uakron.edu/band_ideas/, Bierce Library will be closed July 3rd and 4th, and reopen on Sunday July 5th at noon. For complete hours check:  
http://www.uakron.edu/libraries/about/hours.dot, Internet connectivity has been restored on Bierce 2nd and 3rd floors., Power has been restored in Bierce., There is no power in Bierce right now- we'll let you know when we're back on line., All OhioLINK hosted services will be down during the following window: Friday, June 12, 6pm until Saturday, June 13 at 12pm., Bierce Library will be open from 12 noon until 4:00 p.m. on weekends through Summer I and II., A tweet from Career Center at UA  @CareerCenter_UA :
Career Center at UA @CareerCenter_UA  May 21
Away for the summer but still need help with your resume? You can email it to us and we'll review it! Send it to careerassistant@uakron.edu., null, null, null, null, Therapy dogs are back at Bierce! Gracie had a great time today helping students to de-stress. Tomorrow Maddie the Rottweiler mix and Cowboy the Golden Retriever will be here from 1-3pm., null, Every second counts during those last weeks!
-->#8: Use whatever research time you have to do something, however small the task., 25 days until May 1st, the last day of Class.
32 days until May 8th, the last day of Exams.
Are you ready?, Regular hours Easter Sunday at Bierce. We will be here from noon until midnight!, If you cannot access the University Libraries through uakron dot edu. use this link: https://library.uakron.edu/, Regular Academic Hours return to Bierce Library Tomorrow!
The library will be open from 9:00 a.m. to 8:00 p.m.
For future weeks check the hours link below., FOOD FOR FINES!
Did you return a book a little late? Forgot what time your laptop was due? Your chance to pay off those charges and help a good cause is here! Starting Mar 16 and running through Apr 5 the University Libraries and the Law Library will be sponsoring their semi-annual Food for Fines drive for the Akron-Canton Food Bank.
You can bring in non-perishable food items to pay for your fines. One food item equals one dollar towards your fines and there is no limit on the number of items you may bring in. This offer cannot be used to pay for billed or lost items.

Food may be dropped off at the,  Science & Technology Library,  the Law Library, or Bierce Library Circulation desk, With Spring Break days away take, note: the Library will close early this coming Friday, be closed the weekend, then during break be opened only from 8:00 a.m. to 5:00 p.m.
for more:  http://www.uakron.edu/libraries/about/hours.dot, Calculating in the Simple Machines event at Bierce Library., The team test has begun in Bierce Learning Studio 154. High school science students are competing today in the Science Olympiad. Good luck to all our talented guests, and happy Pi Day !!, Spring has sprung here at UA, Tornado drill at 9:50 a.m. Friday
UA will participate in the statewide tornado drill at 9:50 a.m. Friday, March 6.
You do not need to take any action when the drill occurs., World Book Day
Celebrate with a few minutes together with a book., Use all the tools, and google is one of them, here are some hints:, null, Even though the University is closed Tuesday, February 3rd,  the library’s online resources continue to be available.
These include:  databases, streaming video – including movies,  e-books, and online music (Naxos database). 
Try one: http://library.uakron.edu/record=b4043276~S24, Melissa Harris Perry's lecture tonight at E.J. Thomas Hall is canceled. Information for ticketholders will be forthcoming.

For changes in the schedule of Rethinking Race check:, University Libraries will close at 1:00 today, Monday, February 2nd., Welcome to Spring Semester 2015!
Bierce Library will open at 7:30 a.m.
Detailed hours can be found at: http://www.uakron.edu/libraries/about/hours.dot, The year ahead:
2015 at UA, Dick Hansford was the originator of UA's Zippy mascot. His family home was once on the site of UA’s library., null, The University Libraries will close at 5:00 p.m. December 24th and reopen at 8:00 a.m. January 5th, 2015. 
Online resources will remain available (databases, the catalog, streaming video, ect.).
For details check: http://www.uakron.edu/libraries/about/hours.dot, For Exam Week Bierce Library is open from 7:30 a.m until 1:00 a.m. M,T,W and T, and will close at 5:00 p.m. on Friday. The UA Libraries will be closed this weekend., Free Coffee and Peanut Butter and Jelly Deli at Bierce tonight. We are open until 1:00a.m. Join us while supplies last !, From here to Carnegie Hall:, The University Libraries are closed until Sunday at 12:00 noon.
Online resources (article databases, streaming music and movies, e-books and parton information) are accessible all the time.

http://www.uakron.edu/libraries/, Getting ready for finals?  So are we!  Check out our list of activities for pre-finals week, December 1-7.

Monday, December 1:
Puzzles, legos (all day; Bierce)
Krispy Kreme doughnuts (8 am; Bierce)
Summa Health Systems WAGtime therapy dogs (11 - 3; Bierce)
Coffee (8 pm – close; Bierce and S&T)

Tuesday, December 2:
Puzzles, legos (all day; Bierce) 
Summa Health Systems WAGtime therapy dogs (11 - 3; Bierce)
PB&J Deli (8 pm; Bierce)
Coffee (8 pm – close; Bierce and S&T)

Wednesday, December 3:
Puzzles, legos (all day; Bierce)
Krispy Kreme doughnuts (8 am; Bierce)
Summa Health Systems WAGtime therapy dogs (11 - 1; Bierce)
Coffee (8 pm – close; Bierce and S&T)

Thursday, December 4:
Puzzles, legos (all day; Bierce)
Common Reading Essay contest celebration (3-4; Bierce 154)
Coffee (8 pm – close; Bierce and S&T)

Friday, December 5:
Puzzles, legos (all day; Bierce)
Krispy Kreme doughnuts (8 am; Bierce), Has anyone seen one of these in Bierce?, Having trouble connecting to UA’s network?
You’ve come to the right place for help!, Have a fine, an overdue book? try using the Food For Fines program - read the fine print., Our winner of the Disabilities Awareness Week contest by correctly reading the braille message "Go Zips"  Congratulations Makayla Tyree !, When doing research for your books, are there any tools that you find to be indispensable?

Access to a university library. I love to ferret out the academic papers, journals, and oral histories as well as go see the actual artifacts. . ., null, Keyboard ready?, The University Libraries are always getting new books (hard copies and online).  Here is one for Friday's Holiday reading., null, Ada Lovelace Day Poster Session
A Celebration of Women in STEM

Please come to the 2nd floor atrium of the Goodyear Polymer Center tomorrow between 10 am and Noon to see 18 women present posters of their graduate STEM research. Posters are designed to be accessible - any person can attend and appreciate the work of these remarkable women., TODAY:

Spring 2015 Registration begins
When: Monday, October 13 2014 12:00 AM - 23:59 PM 

Monday, October 13: Last day to process withdrawals for regular session (15 week) Fall Semester 2014 classes (11:59 pm)., null, If you have trouble accessing the UA homepage and Libraries please try again later., Looking for a book for a child? A book on computers accessible to a 3rd grader, or a themed book on transportation for a 12 year old? A biography of J.K. Rowling for a 7th grader?  Or maybe a book to read to a young child (or yourself) for Halloween? Check the 21st Edition of the Children’s Core Collection for titles, then search the UAL Catalog for individual titles.  Remember, books not available in in Bierce can often be obtained through OhioLINK.  This 3000 page volume with over 17,000 entries is available in the Reference Collection in Bierce Library (Bierce Reference Z 1037 .W76) on the first floor., null, OhioLink now brings you a quiz:, null, Banned Books Week Read-Out
Bierce Library will celebrate Banned Books Week, September 21-27.

We are still looking for students, faculty, and staff to join us in a Read-Out of challenged and banned books.

When: Wednesday, September 24 between 12:00 and 1:00 p.m.
What:  A 7-10 minute excerpt from your favorite challenged or banned book

Not sure what has been challenged or banned? Check out the list of Challenged Books in 2013 or Challenged Classics, which include “The Hunger Games,” “Harry Potter,” “The Great Gatsby,” “The Lord of the Rings,” “To Kill a Mockingbird,” “Brave New World,” and “A Wrinkle in Time.”

To add your voice to the Read-Out, please e-mail Beate Gersch at bgersch@uakron.edu.

(from the UL Portal,Posted on September 12, 2014), null, Freshman looking for research help? Junior looking for a review? polish up those research, writing and library skills with a quick read of this page!, Pick a book and read a chapter. , Tutoring in Bierce (Ground floor):

Bierce Writing Commons 
10 a.m. to 7 p.m. Monday to Thursday
10 a.m. to 2 p.m. Friday
330-972-6548

Bierce Math Lab
9 a.m. to 9 p.m. Monday, Wednesday
9 a.m. to 7 p.m. Tuesday, Thursday
9 a.m. to 1 p.m. Friday
330-972-6552 

Tutorial Services
10 a.m. to 6 p.m. Monday to Thursday
10 a.m. to 1 p.m. Friday
330-972-6552 


, Looking for software, like Solidworks or SPSS? even Autocad 2015!
What is in the Virtual Lab? Engineering and software programs that can be accessed from campus and home., Start with a subject guide!

The University Libraries offer a wide range of resources.  Where do you start when you are looking for resources for your assignment or presentation. How do you know you are using the best databases, journal articles, websites?

Start with a subject guide: 

* quick lists with links

* compiled by subject librarians 

* organised by faculty – http://libguides.uakron.edu/browse.php?o=a

*  most links are to online resources, so they’re useful any time of the day!


, While the libraries are closed today there are thousands of books online, and millions of articles, and even movies and music.  An ideal starting place is the catalog, experiment and discover.

, Landscaping in front of Bierce Library speeds along this holiday weekend. The library is open Sunday, September 1st from noon to midnight, CLOSED on Labor Day (Monday), and  reopens Tuesday, September 2nd at 7:30.a.m., null, Stop by the User Services Support Desk on the First Floor . . .  of Bierce Library.
, Combine this with the campus Roo Express Schedule . . ., Welcome to Fall 2014., Satuday, August 23, 2014
Bierce Library
9:00AM - 8:00PM

Sunday, August 24, 2014
Bierce Library 
Noon to Midnight 

Monday, August 25, 2014
Bierce Library 
7:30 a.m. to 12:00 Midnight, Prepared? Remember in the University Libraries you will find computers, printers, scanners, help in locating books and articles, laptops to borrow and more., Do this from Bierce:

Students encouraged to check course schedules via My Akron

Check your Fall 2014 schedules via My Akron by taking the following steps:  
• Log into My Akron with UANet ID and password.
• Click on the "Students" tab, then select "Student Center" under the "Access My section." 
• Information regarding course meeting times, days and room location is given in real-time; in other words, all information is up-to-date as it is retrieved.

The Office of the University Registrar sends an email to the instructor of record and all enrolled students' UANet email address when there is a classroom change made in the course(s) in which they are enrolled. It is recommended that instructors and students check their UANet email often for any important messages from the University -- this is the official means of notification used by the Office of the University Registrar.  
Students may access a computer from many locations on campus including:
• Simmons Hall lobby
• Student Union -- Laptop Check Out and kiosks
• Residence Halls -- computer labs
• Bierce Library -- computer labs and Laptop Check Out
• Polsky Building 192
• Buchtel College of Arts and Sciences Building -- Computer Lab 103B and kiosks in atrium
• College of Business Administration Building 102
Questions regarding course schedules may be directed to the Student Services Center at ssc@uakron.edu., Bierce Library is open from 8:00 a.m until 5:00 p.m. today, Thursday and Friday. On Saturday the hours will be 9:00 a.m. until 8:00 p.m. and on Sunday from 12:00 noon until 12:00 midnight. Enjoy., WEEK OF WELCOME
The kick-off to fall 2014!
EVENTS LIST, check it out., How long can I keep an OhioLINK book?  Unless the lending institution denies the renewal:

OhioLINK Books: 21 day loan period for all borrowers except faculty (up to 42 days) * - Fines: $0.50 per day - up to 6 renewals

For complete circulation periods check lending policies:

http://www.uakron.edu/libraries/about/policies.dot?inode=369815
, Phyllis O’Connor, Interim Dean, wishing Marcia Nicholson a happy retirement., The University of Akron and University Libraries will be closed on Friday July 4th for Independence Day. Bierce Library will reopen at 12:00 noon on Saturday July 5th and the Science and Technology Library and Archival Services will reopen at 8:00 am on Monday July 7th. Have a safe and happy holiday!, Bierce Library is open today (Sunday) from 12:00 noon until 4:00 p.m., Rainy days have you down?  from the library catalog you can access thousands of complete books, watch movies, or listen to music on your computer or many mobile devices.
Start in the catalog:  http://library.uakron.edu/ and enjoy., How long can I check this out for? Try this:, Bierce Library is open on weekends from noon to 4:00, but online resources are available 24/7. Check the Library page for more 

information. http://www.uakron.edu/libraries/, Summer Tutoring 

Tutoring in Bierce Library will open on June 9.  Call 330 972 6548 for appointments or more information.

Hours:  Monday through Thursday from 9 a.m. to 3 p.m. and on Friday from 9 a.m. to noon

eTutoring is currently available.

Bierce Writing Commons and Subject Tutoring will be available to UA students starting June 9, the first day of Summer I through August 15, the end of Summer III. 

Bierce Writing Commons will be open Monday through Thursday from 9 a.m. to 3 p.m. and on Friday from 9 a.m. to noon. Students can stop by or call for an appointment (330-972-6548) during open hours. 

Tutoring will be available for math and science classes. Hours vary, and interested students need to stop by the general tutoring area on the ground floor of Bierce Library or call 330-972-6552 for hours and information.

eTutoring Available during Intercession

All UA students have access to eTutoring (www.etutoring.org). This summer, eTutoring will offer synchronous tutoring in math (through calculus), accounting, chemistry, and statistics. Students can submit writing assignments to the eWriting Lab.
 eTutoring will be available throughout the summer until August 8.
, null, Bierce Library will close at 5:00 p.m. today, and reopen on Monday at 8:00 a.m.  Hours will be 8:00 to 5:00 weekdays until Summer I., null, Take advantage of Bierce's extended hours during exams:

http://www.uakron.edu/libraries/about/hours.dot 
    for all UL locations and hours., Tired and stressed out? The National Institute of Massotherapy will be offering chair massages from 5:00pm-7:00pm tonight at Bierce Library., Gracie the Newfie will be here until 3pm!, They're here! Come visit the Akron Children's Doggie Brigade therapy dogs until 2pm today in Bierce., Tonight at Bierce: grab a cup of coffee and make a sandwich at the PB&J Buffet to fuel your study session!, null, This time next week- the dogs are back! Next Wednesday, Akron Children's Doggie Brigade will be in Bierce as part of our PreFinals De-stress Week in the library. Check out what other events we have in store for you: http://bit.ly/1f4D1yA, The eWriting Lab will close to new paper submissions on Saturday, April 26, one week before classes end. So if you plan to have a paper examined plan accordingly.  
, null, Free books in the library today- come and get them!, Fixing the Water Line into Bierce, Banned Book Week might not be until September, but maybe a few of these could make it on your summer reading list..., It's National Library Week- show your favorite libraries some love!, April: National Poetry Month . . . take a poet to tea., A Book . . . , null, What is so special about April 13-19, 2014?, null, Bierce Library  Maintenance Update:

There is a leak in an underground heating pipe outside of the building. It needs to be dug up and repaired.  The length of time needed for the repair will be known once the extent of the damage is assessed.

In the meantime, to maintain a warm environment, there are temporary heaters throughout the library.  These heaters may be noisy. Since this repair will also affect our hot water supply, there is a special hand soap in the restrooms that kills germs without hot water.

Lights are being changed to a more energy-efficient and reading-friendly wattage in Bierce as part of a campus wide program to reduce energy costs.

Thanks for your patience as we make these necessary updates to the building. 

28March2014, Spring Break hours: Closed this weekend, March 22 and 23; open from 8:00 to 5:00 during the week of March 24th to 28th.  
For complete information go to http://www.uakron.edu/libraries/about/hours.dot, Happy First Day of Spring. While it may not seem like Spring you can experience the sounds of Spring. Go to "Databases by Title" on the UL Homepage, and find: Bird Sounds from the Borror Laboratory of Bioacoustics or Birds of North America Online. 
, If you would like to reserve a study room you can, it's just a click away from our webpage - there are 40 to choose from,  book today for tomorrow or after.

, In Bierce today you will meet young scientists! We are hosting one of the events, the maglev, for the Regional Science Olympiad., Happy Pi Day from the Science & Technology Library. Today we celebrate Pi, the ratio of a circle's circumference to its diameter - 3.141592653... March 14 (3/14) is basic Pi Day, but the day is most precisely celebrated at 1:59:26 pm this afternoon.
Stay tuned next year for the EPIC 2015 Pi Day, celebrated precisely at 3/14/15 9:26:53 am.
Please note, we have lots of pi, but no pie., Installation has begun on "Thoughts as Pages, Stacks as Memories" a collaboration between artist Buzz Spector and UA Myers School of Art students. Exhibit opens tomorrow in Bierce lobby!, What if you were in charge of the news? Check out the difference when readers choose the front page story., Looking for a quick and easy-to-use source for U.S. socioeconomic data? Try Local Labs, a freely accessible project repackaging Census data into tables, visualizations, and maps.
, Auburn remains closed; classes relocated 
The week of March 2, 2014
The Auburn Science and Engineering Center, including the Science and Technology Library, will remain closed through Wednesday. 
 
Remember, all online resources are available all the time!
http://www.uakron.edu/libraries/

, Bierce Library is open today, Saturday March 1st, from 9:00 a.m. until 8:00 p.m.
Week 8 of the Spring Semester begins on Monday. 
For complete hours check: http://www.uakron.edu/libraries/about/hours.dot, The Science & Technology Library will closed Saturday and Sunday (March 1st and 2nd) due to the lack of heat., The Science & Technology Library is closed for the rest of Friday, February 28th due to lack of heat., Do you see what I see? That's right- the steps are done! #uakron #biercelibrary #finallyconstructionfree, Looking for a short dictionary definition (a word like sycophant?), or a longer encyclopedia (maybe on Eminem) type selection?  Try the  Oxford Reference Online, http://library.uakron.edu/record=e1000135~S24, Bierce welcomed a gaggle of new patrons today!, On Monday, Feb 10 at 10 AM in Bierce Library Learning Studio 154 watch "Panorama of African-American Theatre." This film is in conjunction with Yvette Nicole Brown's appearance on Feb 8. A sample of the film: 
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wCVQm7FVxfI, null, Stop by Einstein's today at 11am for Candid Conversations with Dr. Lin. He'll be using 6-word candid submissions from the #racecardproject at #biercelibrary to start a conversation about race, ethnicity and identity., All Wednesday classes have been canceled- but the libraries are still open., Feb. 4, 2014, at 7:30 pm,  Mark Potok from the Southern Poverty Law Center will speak on "The State of Hate in America."  In conjunction with Mr. Potok's speech the film "Anatomy of Hate" be shown in Bierce Library on Tuesday, Feb. 5, at 10:00 am. The film is 86 mins long.
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3-rwoZncDSw
, The Libraries have a lot in store for Rethinking Race-The University of Akron this week: a chat with Dr. Lin about UA's The Race Card Project; a reception for the opening of 
“This is Akron with Opie Evans: The Rubber City as Seen through the Lens of One of Its Earliest African-American Photographers", films and more. Check it out: http://bit.ly/1c0PdsS , Michele Norris - "Eavesdropping on America's Conversation on Race" Feb. 3, 7:30 PM. Follow-up with the film "Understanding Race" at Bierce Lib on Feb 4 at 10 AM in LS 154. 
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ipDLGKGrnM8, The #racecardproject is on display at #Biercelibrary. What are your thoughts on race in 6 words? #uakron #rethinkingrace, null, Rethinking Race Films. Bierce will be showing films related to Keynote Speaker topics. All films will be shown the day after the speech and 10 am in Learning Studio 154. Here are the films:           

Speaker:  Michele Norris
Topic:  Eavesdropping on America’s Conversation on Race
Date/Time:  Feb. 3, 2014, 7:30pm
Bierce Film:  Understanding Race (streaming FFH)
Length:  59 min.      Date:  Feb. 4, 2014, 10:00am

Speaker:  Mark Potok
Topic:  Southern Poverty Law Center:  The State of Hate in America
Date/Time:  Feb. 4, 2014, 7:30pm
Bierce Film:  Anatomy of Hate  (streaming FOD)
Length:  86 min.       Date:  Feb. 5, 2014, 10:00am

Speaker:  Duane Crabbs
Topic:  Risk and Reward:  Investing our Lives in Urban Akron
Date/Time:  Feb. 5, 2014, 7:30pm
Bierce Film:  DEFORCE: The Past, Present, and Future of Detroit  (streaming FOD)
Length:  86 min.      Date:  Feb. 6, 2014, 10:00am

Speaker:  Yvette Nicole Brown
Topic:  
Date/Time:  Feb. 8, 2014
Bierce Film:  Panorama of African-American Theatre (PN2270 .A35 1991 DVD)
Length:  60 min.       Date:  Feb. 10, 2014, 10:00am

Speaker:  Ernest Green
Topic:  The Ernest Green Story
Date/Time:  Feb. 10, 2014, 7:30pm
Bierce Film:  The Ernest Green Story (PN1997 .E764 2005 DVD)
Length:        Date:  Feb. 11, 2014, 10:00am

Speaker:  Dr. Camara Jones
Topic:  Racial Disparities, Social Determinants of Health & Health Equality
Date/Time:  Feb. 11, 2014, 7:30pm
Bierce Film:  Unnatural Causes: Is Inequality Making Us Sick?  (RA448.4 .U53 2008 DVD)
Length:   56 min.     Date:  Feb. 12, 2014, 10:00am

Speaker:  Tim Wise
Topic:  The Pathology of Privilege
Date/Time:  Feb. 12, 2014, 7:30pm
Bierce Film:  What does it mean to be White?  (HT1575 .W454 2004 DVD)
Length:   50 min.     Date:  Feb. 13, 2014, 10:00am, Due to weather conditions, predictions of extremely cold temperatures and wind chill, The University of Akron will be closed on Monday, Jan. 27 and Tuesday, Jan. 28. This includes the main campus, Wayne, Holmes, Medina and Lakewood sites.

Bierce Library, the Student Union and the Rec Center on the main campus will also close Monday and Tuesday.

The Rob’s Express Roo Shuttle will operate to accommodate students’ on-campus dining plans. 
If you were planning to attend an event on campus on Monday or Tuesday, please call the organizers to check on scheduling. 
We plan to open the University at 12:01 a.m. Wednesday, Jan. 29.
Updates will be available on the home page., The University Libraries will close at 4:00 P.m. today due to weather conditions.
Check http://www.uakron.edu/ for updates., Stop by the Bierce lobby next week as we kick off The Race Card Project for Rethinking Race. #RethinkingRace #uakron

More information about the project here: http://bit.ly/KUP8QX, null, We're hosting a reception (free food!) tomorrow at 3pm in the Science and Technology library to celebrate the opening of the Science Faculty Research Gallery. Hope to see you there. 

http://bit.ly/1g02Z6u, Tutoring services are located on Bierce’s ground floor.
Find assistance for Math, English, Foreign Languages and more.  And don’t forget:  In Bierce you can get wireless and printer set-ups for your laptop and mobile devices, and print on (color or black and white) with your zipcard., The library will be closed on Monday for Martin Luther King, Jr Day- but if you are on campus check out the annual MLK Activities Fair in the Student Union Ballroom from 11am-2pm. , Want to find out if your textbook is in the library and / or on reserve?  In Bierce books on reserve are available at circulation., Visit the University Libraries today.  
There are desktops, laptops you can check out, books and more. You can print using your Zip Card.  Your laptop and mobile devices can be connected to the campus wireless and printers. The University Libraries are here to assist you and offer many services, see http://www.uakron.edu/libraries/about/index.dot., Welcome to Spring 2014! Bierce Library will be open from 7:30 a.m. to midnight Monday through Thursday.  For complete hours check: http://www.uakron.edu/libraries/about/hours.dot., There's still a little time left for pleasure reading before the semester starts..., UA's Akron campus remains closed today, Friday January 3rd due to the weather. Wayne College and the Lakewood, Holmes and Medina sites are closed as well.

Activities are canceled today, with the exception of the Rec Center and natatorium., The University Libraries  will close at 5:00 p.m. today, Friday  December 20th,  and reopen on Thursday, January 2nd at 8:00 a.m. 
During this period e-books and databases (many full text) will  be available 24/7 through http://www.uakron.edu/libraries/ . 
Have a safe and happy Holiday, Amazing Charles. Thank you., The libraries are closed today, Sunday December 15th.
The hours this week are: Monday - Friday 8:00 am - 5:00 pm.

The libraries will close at 5:00 this Friday, December 20th, and reopen on Thursday,  January 2nd, at 8:00 a.m.

Online resources will be available at all times., Now that you have graduated; what will you do now?, Congratulations to the  graduating class of December 2013!, Wow- look at all the food we collected for the Akron-Canton Regional Foodbank during "food for fines" this semester!, null, null, Today is the last day for the Summa WAGtime dogs! Here is Vegas with some new friends. Gracie is also here right now. Stop by and say hi before hitting the books!, Right now at Bierce Library! Get your chair massage by the experts at The National Institute of Massotherapy. They will be here  until 7:00pm., Vinnie made a lot of new friends today!, Tired and stressed out? The National Institute of Massotherapy will be offering chair massages from 5:00pm-7:00pm tonight at Bierce Library., Today's WAGtime dogs: Cooper, Ellie, and Norman!, Little four pound Makenna the Yorkie was a BIG hit today!, Fun day with the dogs- they will be back tomorrow at 11:30am., Whoa, it's the week before finals already? Stop by the library to destress this week with free late night coffee, meditation lessons, chair massages and, of course, therapy dogs., Last day for our Instagram contest. Every entry gets a flash drive and the winner gets a UA gift card., The dogs are back! WAGTime therapy dogs will be in next week to help you destress during pre-finals week. Ellie, Maddie and Makenna will be in Bierce at 11am on Monday., When you arrive at the Library homepage, what do you notice first? and how does it work? Take a brief tour..., THANKSGIVING HOLIDAY HOURS
Library hours will be normal until Wednesday, November 27th, when the library will close at 5:00 p.m., and remain closed Thursday, Friday and Saturday, reopening on Sunday December 1st, at noon., The Bierce staff is very serious about 3 D printing, even prayerful., Studying for Finals? Finishing papers? A note on Tutoring:

Tutoring will end on the last day of classes, December 6th.  This includes Bierce Math Lab, Bierce Writing Commons, and Tutorial Services. eTutoring, which offers on-line eChat sessions in math, biology, chemistry, statistics, and accounting also closes on December 6. 
HOWEVER, November 30th is the last day to submit papers to  the eWriting Lab. To learn more about tutoring, visit http://www.uakron.edu/tutoring/. To access eTutoring at UA: https://www.etutoring.org/login.cfm?institutionid=263&returnPage., Photo contest: Instagram a picture around #biercelibrary in honor
of library snapshot day. Vote by searching "#biercelibrary" and
liking your favorites. Winner will receive a UA gift card and
all who submit will receive a USB drive. Nov 20-27 2013., Two senior Graphic Design students are debuting their Honors Project in Bierce 168 today. Stop by and chat with the artists, Ashley and A.J. tonight from 5:30-7:00pm. The show runs through December 6., Trapped between research and...more research? Get help from your subject librarian! Click their name for contact information., Some specialized software that the libraries do not have installed on the public workstations or that students don’t have installed on their personal machines is available via the university’s Virtual Lab.

Information about the university’s Virtual Lab is available from their site: http://www.uakron.edu/dts/virtual-lab/

The list of software available via the Virtual Lab is listed under Machine & Software Configuration., Find a freedom in books., Doesn't the snow just make you want to curl up with a good book?, Work goes on, Project to be completed by Thanksgiving, null, There are a ton of great events on campus this week in honor of Veteran's Day. We're hosting films and an exhibit about Akron and World War II in our stairwell display cases at Bierce., Polish up your google skills:, OXFORD SCHOLARSHIP ONLINE

Finishing a paper and need a book to go along with the articles? And want to stay home?

Try OXFORD SCHOLARSHIP ONLINE (available through Databases by Title). Choose a book without a padlock icon and find that perfect quote, like, “Viewers across the world seem to prefer the private lives of some unknown fictive characters over documentaries and educational programmes about world history, nature, life in different cultures, learning a new language, and so on.” The book, Applied Evolutionary Psychology by S. Craig Roberts, can be accessed from home or campus.  Access is to thousands of academic monographs, in 20 subject areas across the humanities, social sciences, sciences, medicine, and law., Haunting Bierce . . ., null, Take our Halloween challenge and be entered to win a private study room during Prefinals week: 
https://akron.qualtrics.com/SE/?SID=SV_6XVll8kbiId1oz3, What other treasures could you find in the Map Room at Bierce?, Thanks for the shout-out, The Buchtelite! Our Outreach Librarian, Beate Gersch, is quoted about the new Search-A-Roo feature on our website. Have you checked it out yet?, So So true., Need a statistic to end that speech? Want a few numbers to support an argument? Try ProQuest Statistical Insight through the library home page, or skip straight to it: 
http://library.uakron.edu/record=e1000899~S24, You will need two forms of identification - one being a picture ID. Sorry those are the library's rules. I don't care you are a Boston Terrier and the Red Sox are in the World Series., null, The Akron Mini Maker Faire is just over a week away. Join our friends at the Akron-Summit County Public Library next Saturday for this great event!, Did you know you can reserve a private or group study room through our website? Perfect place to study for midterms!, Need ideas about what to do with the 3D printer at Bierce? How about jewelry design? Project Runway designer Justin LeBlanc's innovative 3D printed accessories helped earn him a spot on the finale last week., Breast Cancer Walk, Stopping those nasty leaks., Some maintenance . . .  Fall 2013......., What would you put in your dream house?, "The Rhode Island Library Association (RILA) is challenging people to check their preconceived library notions at the door. RILA's fall fundraising plans include the launch of the first ever Tattooed Librarians of the Ocean State 2014 calendar, which features twelve librarians and library workers representing the many working professionals who are proud of their career, their ink, and the stories they tell.", Can you think of any other contenders from Ohio?, Need some clever costume ideas?, Working on a group project? Have you checked out our new media:scape stations? There are four on ground floor of Bierce and two in the Science Library!, Don't let the government shutdown get you down- check out this resource as an alternative to census.gov, The University Libraries offer a wealth of resources that can assist in job searching including databases that can help you background companies you are applying to as well as general industry health., UA Calendar for October, 2013? 
Graduating in December, check soon!, A great place to start your research:
What Is Search-A-Roo?

Search-A-Roo is the place to start most research projects. It searches:

The UA Libraries Catalog
The OhioLINK Catalog
Several research databases in most disciplines, The University Libraries’ homepage is being updated!
You will notice a search box now, a box that will look for information in books, articles, directories and more. On the side of the result box are check boxes to narrow the search to Academic Journals, Books, eBooks (available from home), video and more.  You can view this search as ‘googling’ the libraries’ content. 
You can easily select the catalog, the databases and OhioLink from the links below the box., The library hosted readings of banned books, Listen to our newest librarian, Beate Gersch interviewed about banned books., Check out the Banned Book Display in Bierce Library this week,  check http://www.ala.org/bbooks/bannedbooksweek for more., Featuring Bierce Library's 3-D printing !, null, null, Happy Constitution Day! Check out the official web version of the Constitution Annotated (CONAN): http://beta.congress.gov/constitution-annotated/. It's also available as an iOS app (coming soon on Android)., null, null, Printing in Bierce? or any UL Library? your Zip Card comes with $3.75 each semester dedicated to printing. Black and white prints are .05¢ a page and color prints are 10¢ per page., Bierce Library is open today, Sunday September 1st from noon until midnight (12 to 12).
Bierce Library is closed tomorrow, September 2nd, Labor Day.
Many of the library resources are available online 24/7, Find your subject and get started early:
                      http://libguides.uakron.edu/, Bierce Library will be undergoing renovations for the next several weeks.  While the heating/cooling systems are being upgraded the temperature in the Library may fluctuate.  The construction in front of Bierce is related to the heating/cooling systems.  The roof will also be repaired, you may notice noise on the 3rd floor as well as trucks in the circle., In Bierce Library you can set your password, have your laptop configured to connect to campus wireless, look for textbooks that your instructors may have placed on reserve, checkout a laptop or iPad and much much more. The library is open until midnight today., Welcome back, Fall 2013 begins today. Visit one of the University Libraries., Don't forget to stop by for board and video games tonight in Bierce! 4-8pm, Don't forget to join us on Sunday night for Board and Video Game Night in Bierce 4-8pm., null, The University Libraries are closed this weekend, August 17th and 18th; and will be open Monday through Friday of next week from 8:00 a.m. to 5:00 p.m.
On Saturday, August 24 the library will start an academic schedule, Bierce will open at 9:00 a.m. and close at 8:00 p.m.
http://www.uakron.edu/libraries/about/hours.dot, This is for all the geography majors headed back to campus..., null, 3D Printing @ Bierce Library, Need something fun to watch before Fall Semester opens in 5 weeks? try a movie without leaving your screen: http://library.uakron.edu/search~S24/X?SEARCH=(Streaming%20Video)%20and%20(motion%20picture)&searchscope=24&SORT=D, Check out some historical footage of Akron in the 1950's- pretty cool!, null, null, The University of Akron Libraries now has a YouTube channel. Stay tuned for awesome educational content brought to you by our awesomely educated librarians and staff!, Try reading in the rain., The University Libraries are always getting new materials. Some are brand new, some are older. Photography books offer primary sources for history papers, or are just fun to leaf through for ideas for that next Instagram shot., null, Welcome to Summer School. 
Bierce’s hours will be M-Thu 7:30 to 7:00; Fri 7:30 to 5:00 and Sat & Sun from 12:00 to 4:00.  The library will be closed on July 4th., The libraries will be closed this holiday weekend, and will re-open on Tuesday, May 28th at 8:00 a.m.  Home access to online sources will continue uninterrupted, so research away!, eTutoring is available to students for summer classes.

eTutoring, the on-line tutoring service, will be available to University of Akron students from May 20 through August 9. eTutoring offers synchronous eChat sessions in math, calculus, statistics, accounting, and chemistry. Students can submit up to three drafts of their assignments to the eWriting Lab and receive feedback from trained faculty tutors. 

UA students just need to visit https://www.etutoring.org to register for the service. 

Subject tutoring and Bierce Writing Commons will open on June 10., Congratulations to our graduates! We wish you much success in your future endeavors. For our returning students, we wish you a happy and safe summer and look forward to working with you again next fall!, null, We're giving our Interlibrary Loan (ILLiad) User Interface a new coat of paint. It will be unavailable Tuesday May 14th and Wednesday May 15th. Please email Theresa Boware at tboware@uakron.edu for assistance during this time., Check the Plain Dealer online for historical context for the Kidnapping story of the day, you can search several Ohio newspapers.

Like this:

Anguished mother waits for word
Plain Dealer, The (Cleveland, OH) - Sunday, May 11, 2003
Author: REGINA BRETT, Plain Dealer Columnist
Louwana Miller can't bear to go into her daughter's bedroom. It's too painful to see it empty. 

She keeps Mandy's bed the way the teenager left it, but did the laundry, stacked it on the dresser and closed the door. 

Every time the phone rings, it disappoints her. 

It isn't Mandy. 

Her daughter has been missing for 20 days. Mandy's fate hinges on whoever picked her up from work. Her last words to her family were spoken to her sister on a cell phone, around 7:45 p.m. April 21, as Mandy left her job at Burger King. 

"I've got a ride. I'll call you back." 

Mandy's mom repeats it over and over, as if she'll find a hidden clue. 

Who gave her the ride? Where did the driver take her? Is Mandy safe? 

Amanda Berry disappeared between the Burger King on West 110th and her home on West 111th, a distance of three blocks, a picket fence, a row of tulips, a few hedges and a chain link fence. 

Louwana can't sleep or eat. She lives on cigarettes and blind faith. Sitting on the couch in a cloud of smoke, she uses the coffee table as a desk, with two phones ready, a stack of business cards from detectives and FBI agents and ashtrays brimming with Doral and Marlboro butts. 

"I don't understand where I stand," she says. 

The FBI has put to rest rumors that Mandy ran away and is treating the case as a kidnapping. Mandy had a good relationship with her mom and had never run away. She left $100 in her bedroom she saved to get her nails done and buy a new outfit for her birthday party, which was the next day. 

"Mandy waited all week for that party," her mom said. 

Mandy would never leave for long without her phone charger and clothes to change out of her maroon Burger King top, black jeans, black sneakers and cap. 

"All her clothes are here. No way would she leave with her Burger King outfit on," her mother said, almost smiling. 

Mandy, who is 5-feet-1 and 110 pounds, has long sandy-blond hair, brown eyes with a pierced left eyebrow and a scar across her stomach from hernia surgery she had as a child. She smokes Newports and was last seen carrying a black shoulder bag, the one she carries her tiny silver cell phone in. 

"I don't know if she's out there being held, I don't know if she's out there laying on the side of the road somewhere," Louwana said. "Who gave her that ride?" 

Louwana believes it was someone Mandy knew, because her daughter wouldn't even stop and give directions to a stranger. 

Louwana prays her daughter got to turn 17. Mandy celebrated every birthday with her mom. The last time Louwana saw her daughter, she told Mandy, "I love you, have a good day at work." 

Mandy's nieces, who are 3 and 4, miss her, too. She used to let them curl up and sleep with her when she baby-sat them. Every time they see Mandy's picture on TV, they ask when she is coming home. 

Louwana promises them, "She'll be home soon." 

It's a promise someone else has to keep. 

But who? 

To report information about Amanda 's whereabouts, call 216-522-1400. 

To reach this Plain Dealer columnist: 

rbrett@plaind.com, 216-999-6328
Caption: Amanda, Last of the white board art by "Slug" from the Science & Technology Library - John F. Kennedy. Great way to start a Monday, thank you!, Whiteboard art from UAkron artist "Slug" found in the Science & Technology Library - Snoop Dogg., The Science & Technology Library would like to thank "Slug" for the outstanding white board art we found Monday morning. Awesome work!, Peanut Butter and Jelly Deli, Vegas and Emma - just a few shots, Making sandwhiches for the grand finale of Pre-Finals Stress Free Week
8pm Sunday night 5/5/13, If we feed them - will they come ? Tonight at 8:00 - Bierce Library's first ever Peanut Butter and Jelly Deli ! Library staff will be making sandwiches for our students as a grand finale of our Pre-Finals Stress Free Week. Good luck on your exams !, Would you like to see Vegas the wonder therapy dog strum a ukulele ? Vegas and Emma will be in Bierce today from 1-3p.m. Please join us and reduce your stress ! Thanks to Summa Heath Systems for providing us with puppy stress relief all week !, Sunday's Stress Events: 5/5/13
1-3 p.m. WAGTime Pet Therapy Team Vegas and Emma
8-11p.m. Peanut Butter and Jelly Deli (FREE sandwiches made by your library staff) really !, null, Thank you Ellie for easing our stress !!! Can't wait to see you again on Saturday with Baby and Vegas from 9-11 a.m. !, Meet Ellie !  SUMMA Health System WAGTime dog therapy team member, 05/03/2013: Today at the library...
WAGTime Therapy Dogs, 1:00-3:00pm, Bierce Library lobby
Bierce Library is OPEN until midnight today
Weekend hours at Bierce Library:
Saturday, 05/04/13: 9:00am-12:00am
Sunday, 05/05/13: 9:00am-1:00am, Free chair massages for our students courtesy of the National Institute of Massotherapy ! Bierce Library 10-2 today !, Listen to local radio coverage of the Stress Week Events !, 05/02/2013: Today at the library....
WAGTime Therapy Dogs: 1:00-3:00pm, Bierce Library lobby
Coffee Break (FREE): 8:00-11:00pm, Bierce and Science Library, National Institute of Massotherapy students are here for UA students stress relief. Chair massages until 8pm. Come and enjoy this free stress buster !, Up for a chair massage to reduce your stress? Join our student massage team from National Institute of Massotherapy tonight in Bierce Library from 6-8 p.m., Prefinals Stress Break with Vinnie and Tank !, 05/0102013: Today at the library...
Meditation lesson: 10:00-11:00am, Bierce room 168
WAGTime Therapy Dogs: 11:00am-1:00pm, Bierce Lobby
Seminar: Stress Management with biofeedback demo by Eric Hayden, 3:30-4:30 Bierce room 154
Coffee Break (FREE): 8:00-11:00pm, Bierce and Science library, Meet Cooper, Norman and Scout !, 04/30/2013: Today at the library....
Meditation lesson: 10:00-11:00am, Bierce Library Room 168
WAGtime THERAPY DOGS: 11:00am-1:00pm, Bierce Library Lobby
Coffee Break(FREE): 8:00-11:00pm, Bierce and Science Library, Gracie and Bentley visited Bierce today as part of Wagtime from Summa Health Systems., Need Textbooks? Why not Course Reserves?, Today at the library:
Meditation lesson: 10:00-11:00am, Bierce Library Rm 168
Reducing Test Anxiety: 11:00am-12:00pm, Bierce Library Rm 154
THERAPY DOGS: 2:30-4:30pm, Bierce Library Lobby
Coffee Break(FREE): 8:00-11:00pm, Bierce and Science Library, UA Libraries Coffee Break Schedule, Monday's pooch: Gracie
Bierce Library, from 2:30 to 4:30

from: SUMMA Health Systems 
           Enjoy WAGtime and loose some pre-finals stress, Bierce Therapy Dog Schedule *Corrected Times*, Summa Health Care WAGTime Therapy Dogs, Bierce Library Meditation Lesson Schedule, Therapy Dogs Schedule, Pre-finals week., The Therapy Dogs will be returning to Bierce Library next week! Stay tuned for pre-finals week stress reducing events., On the go, try one of these, access the library's services via UA MOBILE:
http://www.uakron.edu/mobile/, Researching from your phone/tablet? Save this link: http://www.uakron.edu/libraries/research/mobile-resources.dot, null, Why can't UA turn on the AC?  (from email digest)
 
Answer: We've been enjoying the warmer temperatures, except for the fact that it seems even warmer indoors on campus.
If you have been wondering why UA can't simply flip the switch and let the magic of modern air conditioning cool our brows, here's the short answer…

UA uses a high-temperature hot water and chilled-water system to manage indoor temperatures in most campus buildings. It's a cost-effective way to heat and cool a lot of buildings in close proximity. When the shift from heating to cooling occurs around April 15 of every year, it takes the system about a week to adjust.

So why not make the switch early? There's a risk in shifting to air conditioning too soon, says Joe Gregor, who oversees campus maintenance. If a cold snap occurs after the switch (as is predicted this weekend), UA risks losing all the individual cooling coils in the buildings. The cost would be in the millions.

So Gregor and his team play the averages, choosing April 15 as the day to switch to cool air, and Oct. 15 to switch to heat, if the weather permits. To the headlines., Sunny, breezy and warm.  The forecast:  term papers followed by take home exams and a week of finals.  If you’re having problems come to the University Libraries, find that quote, verify a statistic,  get citation assistance, or even study.

Bierce is open until midnight today., Over a millon free songs! Classical, Jazz, World …..and more!

http://library.uakron.edu/record=e1000090~S24

Follow the link to the NAXOS MUSIC LIBRARY, find the "Playlists" tab near the center.  Find 'sign up" and register. Search for music, check boxes, make a playlist, name it, save it.  Go to an app store and get the free NAXOS MUSIC LIBRARY app, install and sign in and play your songs anywhere . . . . with wifi.  Call RLS for assistance, x 8161. (There is a JAZZ library too, a separate app and sign up).  Works with Apple and Android devices., Have a tech problem? try the support wiki: 

http://support.uakron.edu/wiki/index.php/Main_Page

And when in doubt Call ZipSupport   X6888, Food For Fines, Food for Fines continues through April 7 
 
Did you return a book a little late? Forgot what time your laptop was due? Your chance to pay off those charges and help a good cause is here. Starting Monday, March 18, and continuing through April 7, University Libraries and the Law Library will sponsor their annual Food for Fines drive for the Akron-Canton Food Bank. 

You can bring in nonperishable food items to pay your fines. One food item equals one dollar toward your fines and there is no limit on the number of items you may donate. This offer cannot be used to pay for billed or lost items. 

The food goes to the Akron-Canton Food Bank for its Harvest for Hunger Campaign. 

Food may be dropped off at the Bierce Library Circulation desk, Science and Technology Library, or the Law Library., You can look up books and dvd's and cd's on your smartphone, navigate to http://m.library.uakron.edu/ , and get to work!, So you want to book (reserve) a study room? Do it the day before, pick the one you want (many on the first floor have white boards and projectors); some on the 3rd floor are quiet and have nice views, start here: http://www.uakron.edu/libraries/services/services-detail.dot?inode=2315551, Happy Pi Day from the Science & Technology Library!, Paper due?  Writing on deadline? Almost done? 

Working on the  Works Cited page (MLA) or the References page (APA),  or using Chicago or Turabian?  Confused?  Come to the back of the Users Support Services Desk during these hours:  M (10 to 3), W(10 to 4) or F( 9 to 12), and talk to a Bierce Writing Commons expert. 
Tell a friend., Happy World Book Day!  Need a book suggestion to help you commemorate the day?  This handy site will suggest a book based on other readers' recommendations.    Happy reading!, Need assistance?  Stay calm!  We are here to help. From tutoring, laptop lending, and reference and research support, our libraries  have everything you need., March Madness is here Zips Fans! 

Interested in sports?  try the SPORTDiscus database. 
Here you will find a variety of material, from Sports Illustrated news coverage on LeBron,  
to scholarly journal articles  about the UA’s role in the Midwest Conference in the 1930s,  
to  sports medicine articles on basketball-related musculoskeletal injuries.
Click: SPORTDiscus with Full Text.

http://library.uakron.edu/record=e1000065~S24, Happy March!

Need research help? Start here, http://www.uakron.edu/libraries/ , or call 330 972 8167.

Need writing assistance? It’s in Bierce Library on the Lower Level, call 330 972 6552 for information.

Need a laptop? Come to Bierce, Main Floor the Media Tech Desk (X 7547)

At Media Teach you can also set up your laptop for on campus printing (tech help call x 6888).

     And don’t forget Spring Break: March 25-31! Stop by Media Tech, check out a camera., Need to brush up on your French pronunciation? Learn a few words of Spanish? Try Chinese or Greek? Go to the Mango Language Learning Center through the Catalog (or the link below). Learn Spanish, French, Japanese, Brazilian, German, Chinese, Greek, Italian, Russian and more. It also offers English language lessons if English. Have speakers and a microphone and give the world a try. Mango is an online resource and very requires a short sign up. 

http://ezproxy.uakron.edu:2048/login?url=http://libraries.mangolanguages.com/ohiolink/start, “A university is just a group of buildings gathered around a library.” -- Shelby Foote, University Libraries to Participate in LibQual+ Survey 

University Libraries will be participating in a national benchmarking study of library service, resource, and facility quality. A random sample of students, faculty, and staff representing the Main Campus will receive an e-mail invitation to participate starting February 25. The survey takes about 10 minutes to complete and will help University Libraries to meet ever-changing research, academic support, and technological needs and expectations. Participants can enter a drawing for the following prizes: 

- 1st prize, 16 GB iPad Mini 
- 2nd prize, 4 tickets to Cedar Point
- 3rd  prize, 10 people will win $50 UA gift card

Watch for an invitation to participate in your e-mail on February 25!, New in Bierce Library, help where you need it!

“Writing Commons Express” at User Support Services
Until April 12, writing consultants from Bierce Writing Commons are available to answer writing questions at the User Support Services desk in Bierce Library. Students can get answers to questions about citation styles and specific questions related to writing papers.

Bierce Writing Commons consultants are available:
Monday  10 a.m. to 3 p.m.
Wednesday  10 a.m. to 1 p.m. and 2 to 4 p.m.
Friday 9 a.m. to noon

Writing Commons Express is a collaboration between University Libraries and the Office of Student Academic Success., The University Libraries (Bierce and Science) will be open regular hours on Tuesday, February 18th, even though classes are cancelled in honor of President's Day. That is from 7:30 a.m. until 12:00 Midnight! Study, research and write., Need a copy of a congressional report?  A hearing (back to 1789), a CRS Report – an ideal source for  a variety topics?  Try Proquest Congressional :  http://library.uakron.edu/record=e1000889~S24, Thanks for all the love everyone!, 14FEB 2013
Planned network maintenance begins at midnight 
 
The state of Ohio is performing maintenance on its OARnet network. As a result, University of Akron Internet access from off-campus will have rolling and recurring outages overnight, beginning tonight, Feb. 14, at midnight. Outages could last 15 minutes or longer. During this six-hour period, the outage could also reoccur, even after access is restored. Full service should be restored by 6 a.m. Friday morning. 
On-campus access should be unaffected (Springboard, etc.). 

If you have questions, contact the Support Center at ext. 330 972 6888., Happy Valentine's Day! Here's what folks at Bierce loved about their library. Now, What do YOU love about the library?, Tomorrow is the 10th Annual Day of Reading! Have you pledged to read for 30 minutes yet?   http://www.thiscityreads.org/xpledge2.asp, It's two days until valentines day!  What do you love about the University Libraries?, See the Rethinking Race Kiosk in Bierce Library through Friday!, null, Science Library now has color printers

A color printer has been added to the printing options in the Science & Technology Library in ASEC. The printer is located in copier room 134B (next to the reference desk) and operates just like the black and white printers adjacent to the computer work stations. To choose the color printer, select the printer that contains -color in the printer name. Color printing is 10 cents per page; black and white printing is 5 cents per page., The winners of our $20.00 Zip gift card are:

Megan Hymes and
Alexis Robinson!!!!

Megan and Alexis, you can pick up your gift card at the Circulation Desk in Bierce Library. Bring your UA zipcard for verification.

Thank you all for the likes and shares!, Don't forget! You have until 5:00 pm today to like and share our contest post for your chance to win!, Starting next week in Bierce 154:, It's time for a giveaway!  Up for grabs is a 20.00 Zip gift card, good anywhere the Zip Card is accepted.

You can gain up to two entries for this contest.  One entry can be obtained by simply liking this post.  Gain a second entry if you share this post with your friends! 

The rules are as follows:
1.  You must like the University Libraries at The University of Akron Facebook page in order to qualify.
2.  If you win, you must be a present student with a valid zip ID, and able to pick your prize up at the circulation desk at Bierce Library.  Faculty/Staff are not eligible for this contest.
3.  Likes/shares must be completed by 5:00pm 2/1/13.  Contest winner will be announced the following Monday.

Good luck!, Hey folks!   Keep your eyes peeled  for a special giveaway starting Monday.  We will be giving away a 20.00 gift-card, valid anywhere Zip Cards are accepted!  Please "share" the good news, and stay tuned to find out how to win!, Wonder what goes into a LC call number, and how they work? 
., The UA academic calendar for 2013, holidays, add drop days, Spring Break and more., Tutoring Programs for Spring 2013
Bierce Writing Commons, Bierce Math Lab, and Tutorial Services will open their doors to students on Tuesday, January 22. All three are located on the ground floor of Bierce Library.

Bierce Writing Commons (Bierce rm 68) is open to undergraduate and graduate students in any discipline at any point of their academic careers. Services are available to students by appointment, and students can make appointments by calling ext. 6548 beginning January 22. Bierce Writing Commons will be open from 9 a.m. to 8 p.m. Monday to Thursday and from 9 a.m. to 2 p.m. on Fridays throughout the semester. 

Bierce Writing Commons also offers faculty members other services to support in-class writing instruction, including outreach visits and in-class presentations. 

Bierce Math Lab (Bierce rm. 69) offers tutoring in math classes from Basic Math through College Algebra. Bierce Math Lab is open 9 a.m. to 9 p.m. Monday to Thursday, and 9 a.m. to 1 p.m. on Fridays throughout the semester. No appointments are needed. 

Tutorial Services, located on the ground floor of Bierce Library, offers subject tutoring in a wide variety of general education courses, with an emphasis on math and science classes. Math tutors are available for classes up through Differential Equations, and no appointments are needed.  Subject tutoring, however, is available by appointment only. Students may call Tutorial Services for an appointment at ext. 6552 beginning January 22., Bierce Library will open at 7:30 a.m. tomorrow and close at midnight.  Regular hours have returned.  Check http://www.uakron.edu/libraries/ for more library information.
Welcome Back!, Happy New Year! From all of us in the University Libraries, best wishes for a wonderful 2013!, Happy Holidays! The library is closed, and the weather is becoming wintry. Have a subject your want to read current research about? start here: http://library.uakron.edu/search/l    -and enjoy the holidays!, HULU bogged down? Want to watch a movie? Check out more than 150 films through University Libraries, ranging from Doctor No (James Bond) to To Kill a Mockingbird. Easy to stream and pause., Need to brush up on a subject, going to test out of something? taking the GRE? try the: Learning Express Library provides a completely interactive online learning platform of practice tests and tutorial course series designed to help patrons, students, and adult learners succeed on the academic or licensing tests they must pass. You'll get immediate scoring, complete answer explanations, and an individualized analysis of your results., Plan the spring now.
Print the academic dates calendar (PDF):

http://www.uakron.edu/registrar/docs/AcadCal.pdf, The Library will close at 5:00 p.m. today and re-open on Monday, December 17th at 8:00 a.m.  The week of December 17 the library will be open from 8:00 to 5:00 Monday through Friday, then close for the Holidays reopening after New Years.  Remember all online databases and books will be available at all times., null, Got questions as you're studying for finals? Ask a Librarian chat is online during the hours of 7:00 am through 1:00 am.  You and a librarian will engage in an online chat. The librarians will share their expertise and provide high-quality assistance. 
     Find the KNOWITNOW link on many UL pages., Bierce Library is open until midnight today (Saturday, Dec 8) and opens at 9:00 a.m. tomorrow (Sunday, December 9th), for information on extended hours check: http://www.uakron.edu/libraries/about/hours.dot, Bierce Library is open until midnight today (Saturday, Dec 8) and opens at 9:00 a.m. tomorrow (Sunday, December 9th), for information on extended hours check:, Bierce Library is open until midnight today (Saturday, Dec 8) and opens at 9:00 a.m. tomorrow (Sunday, December 9th), for information on extended hours check:, Bierce Library is open until midnight today (Saturday, Dec 8) and opens at 9:00 a.m. tomorrow (Sunday, December 9th), for information on extended hours check: http://www.uakron.edu/libraries/about/hours.dot, Bierce Library is open until midnight today (Saturday, Dec 8) and opens at 9:00 a.m. tomorrow (Sunday, December 9th), for information on extended hours check: http://www.uakron.edu/libraries/about/hours.dot, Pet therapy dogs in Bierce Library...right now!, Exams and papers have you stressed out? Two stress therapy dogs, golden retrievers Vegas and Gracie, will be working around the 1st floor of Bierce on Thursday from about 1-2!!!, null, EXTENDED HOURS:
Dec 3-Dec 9

Monday-Thursday           7:30am-1:00am
Friday                                   7:30am-12:00am
Saturday                              9:00am-12:00am
Sunday                                 9:00am-1:00am

Final’s Week
Monday-Thursday           7:30am-1:00am
Friday                                   7:30am-5:00pm
Saturday & Sunday          Closed, Destress with our Pre-Finals Week Events!

Meditation (Bierce 168 ETL): 
Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday -- 10:30am to 11:30am 
Thursday -- 9:00am to 10:00am

Stress Free Zone (Bierce 154):
Monday, Tuesday -- 7:00am to 11:00pm 
Wednesday -- 7:00am to 2:00pm, Finishing a paper, need a quick spelling or definition? need to manipulate some numbers? find a distance?  Try a google trick:, Food for Fines ends tomorrow! 1 non-perishable item = $1.00 in fines waived. For more details go to: http://tinyurl.com/cpbdwbl, Study Week at University Libraries starts next week. We know the week before finals is exhausting and stressful. University Libraries invites you to stop by our Bierce Library Stress Free Zone next week. See the events page for specific details.  Night owls can pick up a FREE cup of COFFEE at Bierce library and the Science & Technology Library, courtesy of Undergraduate Student Government and University Libraries. FREE Coffee hours are Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday, Thursday, and Sunday, 8:00pm – 12:00am., null, 'Food for Fines' goes through November 30th! 

Here's the deal: 1 food item = $1 toward your fines, and there's no limit to the number of items that you may bring to the circulation desks at each library. This offer cannot be used to pay for items that are lost or billed to your library account. Also, we cannot accept perishable, expired, or damaged food items. Stop by for more information. 

It helps a worthy cause and paying fines is better than being chased by librarians with nets., Great story from WKSU about research on wound healing polymers here at University of Akron. http://www.wksu.org/news/story/33850, Bierce Library will close today (Wednesday, November 21st) at 5:00 p.m. and re-open Sunday, November 25th, at 12:00 noon. Happy Thanksgiving! Remember, the databases and online books are available all of the time.  Visit the library homepage ( http://www.uakron.edu/libraries/ )., null, Thanksgiving Week Schedule for Bierce: CLOSING at 5pm on Wednesday, November 21st; CLOSED on November 22nd, 23rd, 24th. Check: http://www.uakron.edu/libraries/about/hours.dot, Stop by the Bierce Library Cafe Tuesday @ 6:30 for the Teens & Beyond Book Group!, null, null, There are a lot of free unit converters on the Internet, but this free one from Knovel is outstanding, especially for engineers and scientists., null, As part of the UA observance of Veterans Day, all University Libraries facilities will be open normal hours today., On or Off Campus? In the library or the Union? at home? Need some basics or a finishing fact?

Try the GALE VIRTUAL REFERENCE LIBRARY;  http://library.uakron.edu/record=e1000358~S0 . A range  of subjects are covered, including Art,  Biographies,  Business, Education, Law,  Medicine, Religion,  Social Science and more.  You can find anything from a company history of Chipotle to an encyclopedia style description of “Global Warming”;  from an analysis of contemporary writer  T. Coraghessan Boyle to a 20,000 word analysis of Hamlet.

Play in the search box, or browse the topics. You can save as PDFs, email, or even download select articles as MP3s for drive time fun. Notice the citation tab for help with MLA or APA formatting., Can't make it to the State of the University address? Stop by Bierce Library 154 to watch it live @ 2:00., Check out this tool that lets you explore the activity of the U.S. Congress in its historical context (1933-present): http://www.congressionaltimeline.org/, 'Food for Fines' serves a good cause 
 
Did you return your books a little late? Your opportunity to pay off fines and help a good cause is here. From Nov. 12-30 Bierce, Science and Technology, and the Law libraries are sponsoring their semiannual “Food for Fines” drive to support the Akron-Canton Regional Foodbank's “Harvest for Hunger” Campaign. 

Here's the deal: 1 food item = $1 toward your fines, and there's no limit to the number of items that you may bring to the circulation desks at each library. This offer cannot be used to pay for items that are lost or billed to your library account. Also, we cannot accept perishable, expired, or damaged food items. Stop by for more information., The Goodyear Collection in UL Archival Services made the cover of College & Research Libraries News! Check out the site for more info on the cover and the collection!, null, null, Happy 20th birthday OhioLINK!, Need a political fact? Statistic? Information on ballot issues or candidates? Try Project Vote Smart., Home. Bad weather. Sick? Want to read a book, do some research without setting foot outside the house? Access the “Books and Media” from the UL homepage. Watch for the GO ARROWS.  Read a book from home, or save a chapter, take notes, or find other books online., null, null, The Science & Engineering Library is getting more computer workstations - 18 Dell and 6 Mac. Come by and check them out., Looking for a topic for your next research paper? Try the  "CQ Researcher and Archive," a database the  University Libraries provides It  has weekly 12,000-word unbiased reports researched and written by journalists. These are statistically rich and well documented reports.

To access, go to: http://library.uakron.edu   > Databases Tab > Databases A to Z > “C” > Cq Researcher > Connect. 
Check out their current issue:  "Social Media and Politics: Do Facebook and Twitter influence voters?", Care for your old books? try:
Special Event for American Archives Month!
Discovering and Preserving Your Family Treasures
October 18, 2012 4-6 pm at 
The University of Akron’s Center for the History of Psychology
Free and open to the public, Here is what everyone has been up to in Bierce the last couple of days. How about you?, Check out the photos from Library Snapshot Day at Bierce Library at The University of Akron yesterday on our Flickr page!, Today is Library Snapshot Day in Bierce! Tell us what you did/saw in the library today!, Tomorrow is Library Snapshot Day. We will be taking photos in Bierce Library to capture a typical day here. If you want to add your own photo, upload it to Facebook and tag University Libraries at the University of Akron., null, Campus Parking lot closures for Saturday, Oct. 6 
 
Lots 2, 13, 8, 10, 9, 9B, 14, 15 and 6 will be closed all day Saturday, Oct. 6, for Homecoming festivities, including the Zips vs. Bowling Green football game at 2 p.m. at InfoCision Stadium-Summa Field. The lots will close at midnight on Friday, Oct. 5. Vehicles must vacate these lots by then or they will be towed., Desktops in use? Want to find a quiet spot in or out of the building? Try a laptop from the MediaTech Desk., Don't Miss the CHP Book Sale, October 3 and 4!

October is American Archives Month and the CHP is celebrating with a huge book sale! The collection includes many interesting and rare books from psychology and related human sciences, but also includes rare finds from all genres.

Books are priced to sell! Hardback books are $2 and paperback are $1. Or, fill a bag for $10. All proceeds from the sale support collections care and management. The sale will take place October 3 and 4 from 10am to 4pm. Cash and checks accepted., Want to print from your laptop in Bierce? Visit MEDIATECH on the first floor and have the printer installed . . ., FILMS ON DEMAND, can be found in the library catalog, the Books and Media Catalog. It is a database (24/7 from on and OFF CAMPUS too). Films On Demand is a web-based digital video delivery service that allows you to view streaming videos from Films Media Group anytime, anywhere,Choose from more than 5,500 educational titles in dozens of subject areas. Special features allow users the ability to organize and bookmark clips, share playlists, personalize folders and manage their entire collection through an administrative reporting system., null, Today is the last day to use Turbovote to register to vote in this fall's general election. You can still register in person or through the mail until 10/9/2012, but today is the last day to take advantage of this easy service!, LaTex Workshop series continues in the Science & Technology Library, Arrrr, me hearties, today be International Talk Like A Pirate Day! Fair winds to yer sails! http://www.talklikeapirate.com/piratehome.html, Happy Constitution Day! Learn more about the United States Constitution by visiting our display on the main floor of Bierce Library near the staircase. You can also check out this guide from the Library of Congress: http://thomas.loc.gov/teachers/constitution.html, null, http://www.uakron.edu/UAonDisplay/, null, Coming to Bierce after 9:00 p.m.? Bring your zip card and swipe yourself in., The University has joined with Harvard-founded TurboVote to make voting easy and seamless for both students and employees, regardless of where home is., null, Check out the University Libraries booth at UA on Display - September 15 from 12:30 - 3:00 in Stile Athletic Field House, EteRNA is a browser based game, developed by scientists at Carnegie Mellon University and Stanford University, that engages users to solve puzzles related to the folding of RNA molecules. The project is funded by the National Science Foundation., The University Libraries are closed today, September 3rd, 2012 and will re-open tomorrow, Tuesday, September 4th.
But databases and thousands of online books are available anytime!
http://library.uakron.edu/search/l, The library is open on Saturday from 9:00 to 8:00 p.m.; Sunday from 12 noon to midnight; and closed on September 3rd. Detailed hours can be found at: http://www.uakron.edu/libraries/about/hours.dot, Looking for resources on Election 2012? LexisNexis Academic is a great place to start: http://wiki.lexisnexis.com/academic/index.php?title=Election_2012, Change of plans: Bierce Library will now remain open until midnight. We've got power, we've got network connections, stop by and see us!, Bierce Library will be open until 6:30 tonight. , null, null, Did you try the library scavenger hunt? How can you contact the User Support Services Desk? Questions? Call 330-972-8161, or email/chat from this link: http://www.uakron.edu/libraries/research/ask-us.dot, null, null, null, The Science & Technology Library in the Auburn Science and Engineering Center has an excellent new learning studio.  ASEC 23, located on the lower level of the library, has two SMART boards, two Epson Interactive Projectors,  two LCD screens, a DVD player, whiteboards and laptops.  VGA and USB cables along with other peripherals can be checked out at the circulation desk and used with the projection equipment.  The six stations can be used separately by small groups or the room may be reserved in advance for groups up to 25.   
Reserve the S&T Learning Studio: 
http://www.uakron.edu/libraries/services/forms/st-request-a-learning-studio.dot, Welcome to the University Libraries. The hours for Bierce M-TH are 7:30 to Midnight, on Friday 7:30 to 9:00; Saturday 9:00 to 8:00 and on Sunday 12:00 to Midnight. Details and updates: http://www.uakron.edu/libraries/about/hours.dot, Today:  SATURDAY, August 25, and Sunday, August 26, Bierce Library is Open from 12 noon to 4:00 p.m., Don't forget to come check out "It's All Fun & Games" today in Bierce! Free food, games and fun from noon- 3pm. Tell your friends!, Find hours, subject specialist, databases, books and more on the UL homepage, The Science & Technology Library has 16 iPads available for 7 day check-out to students.  These iPads are preloaded with 75 free apps related to science and engineering.  You can access your personal iTunes and iStore accounts, but the iPads are reimaged after each use removing anything saved to the device during the loan period., Looking for a campus job? Try the University Libraries, fill out the simple online form: http://www.uakron.edu/libraries/about/employment/, null, null, Looking for a quick start to finding government information? Try the newly relaunched version of Browse Topics: http://www.browsetopics.gov/, Even though the library is closed at the moment the e-books and databases never sleep, try one. Or search these 3 words in the catalog and watch a movie (many recent), search for -streaming video swank- no dashes just drop the words into the catalog., The University libraries will be closed this weekend, CLOSED: Aug. 11 & 12; and next week will be open from 8:00 to 5:00 daily. For further information check: http://www.uakron.edu/libraries/about/hours.dot, null, If you find the catalog un-available try this, use the Location drop down and find University of Akron., A vital part of the University Libraries:
Center for the History of Psychology
Archives, museum and library supporting research and education in the history of psychology.
Located at 73 College Street., ATM coming to Bierce Lobby  This week: (between the doors):
PNC to replace Fifth Third Bank on campus 
PNC will replace Fifth Third Bank as the financial services provider in the Student Union, and PNC will install seven ATMs across campus -- in Polsky, the CBA, Simmons Hall, Bierce Library and E.J. Thomas Performing Arts Hall. Two will be installed in the Student Union., PRINTING COSTS TO DECREASE (copy costs remain the same).
UL public prints will be reduced from $.07 to $.05 for a black/white print and from $.20 to $.10 for a color print.  Effective tomorrow, August 1., null, There is no place like the library to finish papers and plan for the Fall Semester. Mark down the dates now, come in and walk around soon., null, This Weekend's Hours: 12 noon to 4:00 p.m., Cool news for UA students and NE OH cyclists!, Check out Early English Books Online (full-text reproductions of over 125,000 of the earliest printed books in the English language):, The University Libraries (Bierce and Science) will be CLOSED  tomorrow, Wednesday, July 4th. Remember, databases, movies, music, and many books are available online 24/7., The University Libraries (Bierce and Science) will be closed on Wednesday, July 4th, this week. All other days remain the same, see http://www.uakron.edu/libraries/about/hours.dot, Check out (like)  the Center for the History of Psychology, part of the University Community:, Titanic Century : Media, Myth, and the Making of a Cultural Icon (New Book for June), TODAY:  June 27th - Library System Downtime  (See Previous Post)
The library system will be down for a system upgrade on Wednesday, June 27th from approximately 9am – 4pm. When the library system is down, you will not be able to search the catalog, view your library record, renew or request UA library or OhioLINK materials , or use the OhioLINK Remote Authentication Service. Please visit or call the User Support Services Desk 330-972-8161 if you need help or have any questions., Tomorrow (WED 27June) the library system will be down from 9:00 to 4:000 pm; but you can still find books and articles using Ohiolink.


http://olc1.ohiolink.edu/search/X


       and use the drop down to U of A library catalog

++++++++++++++++++

with a citation in hand:

http://olinks.ohiolink.edu/article-lookup.php

+++++++++++++++

Once you are authenticated in a browser you can use the databases.

https://auth.ohiolink.edu/DS/


then use this: http://www.ohiolink.edu/resources/dblist.php?by=alpha&search=a

OhioLINK Authentication Form
You are authenticating as a member of University of Akron. If this is not correct, please click here
Please enter the following items then click on the submit button.
Enter your name: last name followed by first name (e.g. Smith Jane)	 

Enter you student or employee ID# or barcode#, The library system will be down on Wednesday, June 27th from approximately 9am – 4pm. Please see User Support Services Desk (8161) if you should need help or have any questions., Atomic Comics: Cartoonists Confront the Nuclear World (New Book for June), More great news for UA students and University Libraries!, Watch a Movie on your computer for Free:
Home for the summer? Need a break? Watch a movie for free. Click “Books and Media (Catalog)” under Research on the UL Homepage. Click the ‘number’s tab, then click the ‘textual’ tab.  Key in ‘streaming video’, no quotes. Newish  movies like The Cove (2009), and 300 are available for free. There are over 125 movies, including Lord of the Rings and several versions of Hamlet., Join our Friends at the Akron Summit County Public Library for Mind, Body, and Sole, a summer reading / exercise program., Parking from Friday until Sunday evening will be impacted by this campus event. Plan ahead. Bierce Library will be open from noon until 4:00 as usual on Saturday and Sunday., NEW UL HOMEPAGE:
Aimee DeChambeau
Please note that on Monday, June 4th we will switch over to the new library website.

A preview of the new site has been available as a link from the current homepage for several weeks while we’ve gathered feedback and made adjustments accordingly.

The new site features an improved layout and intuitive navigation that allows users to find appropriate resources quickly. Server use-logs and user comments were instrumental in targeting the tools and services most requested by students and faculty. Those tools and services have been reorganized on the website and are now simply one or two ‘clicks’ away from the users.

Thank you to everyone who has provided feedback and helped in a variety of ways in developing the new site.

Cheers,
Aimee, Frank, & Trevor, Bierce Library is open today and tomorrow, Saturday and Sunday, May 26 and 27th from noon to 4:00; and will be closed on Monday, the 28th for Memorial Day., The Center for the History of Psychology at The University of Akron invites you to search or browse its holdings in a new online repository with many full-text PDFs., null, Bierce Library will be closed Monday, May 28th, in honor of Memorial Day, it is open the weekend before. For details see: http://www.uakron.edu/lib/about/hours.dot, Bierce Library is open from noon to 4:00 this weekend., New and Improved Google Scholar. Find a few extra peer reviewed articles in scholarly journals., Welcome to Summer classes. The library will be Open Monday to Thursday from 7:30 am to 7:00 pm; Friday 7:30 to 5:00; and Saturday and Sunday from 12:00 noon to 4:00., Looking for something fun to read? Something new related to your major? Check out the New Books shelves on the 2nd floor, near the elevators and Learning Studio 154., TODAY: A lockdown drill will be held in Bierce Library sometime between 2 and 5, if you are in the library when it starts you will have to stay in for roughly 30 minutes (or if you are smoking in the front you will not be permitted to enter).  This is part of a campus wide drill., A lockdown drill will be held in Bierce Library sometime between 2 and 5, if you are in the library when it starts you will have to stay in for 30 minutes (or if you are smoking in the front you will not be permitted to enter).

Update: Disaster drill set for Wednesday 
 
Our campus will host a mock disaster drill from 2 to 8 p.m. Wednesday. Expect to see emergency vehicles and safety personnel moving around campus during those hours.
The event will start with a controlled explosion near the stadium. Activity will occur in and around the College of Arts and Sciences building, Knight Chemical and the stadium.
If you will be in or near those buildings on Wednesday, you may be instructed to leave the building for a short period or be advised to remain in place, also for a short period, depending on the nature of the incident. 
All on campus will hear announcements over the indoor and outdoor warning systems. The announcements will note that this is an exercise. 
Vine Street and Buchtel Avenue may be closed for a short time. 
Since 2007, the University has reworked its emergency plan and increased its coordination with city, county and state safety forces. Several small exercises have been held on campus over the years; this will be our first large-scale event., WEDNESDAY: A DRILL, ONLY A DRILL:
A drill to simulate a lockdown scenario will take place on Wednesday, May 9th. Sometime between 2:00 and 5:00 alarms will ring and IF YOU ARE IN THE LIBRARY YOU WILL STAY IN THE LIBRARY FOR ROUGHLY 30 MINUTES. 
Plan accordingly; if you have to leave at 3:00, leave far MORE than 30 Minutes early. 
Drill related activities may also impact local traffic.
Entry and Exit to the library will be blocked for approximately 30 minutes., Today, Tuesday, May 8th: no ZIPCARD access, no printing or copying from 9:00 to 2:30. ZIPCARDS will not work anywhere., WEDNESDAY:  A DRILL, ONLY A DRILL:
A drill to simulate a lockdown scenario will take place on Wednesday, May 9th. Sometime between 2:00 and 5:00 alarms will ring and IF YOU ARE IN THE LIBRARY YOU WILL STAY IN THE LIBRARY FOR ROUGHLY 30 MINUTES. 
Plan accordingly; if you have to leave at 3:00, leave far MORE than 30 Minutes early. 
Drill related activities may also impact local traffic.
Entry and Exit to the library will be blocked for approximately 30 minutes., On Tuesday, May 8th: no ZIPCARD access, no printing or copying from 9:00 to 2:30., The UA Archives program provides access to materials related to the culture and history of Upper Arlington, Ohio, and is the digital library initiative of the Upper Arlington Public Library., Bierce Library is featured in the Government Printing Office's Depository Library Spotlight for May 2012. Learn more about our collections and services in this FDLP Connection article: http://www.fdlp.gov/index.php?option=com_content&view=article&id=1238:may12-spotlight&catid=186:spotlight&Itemid=150, The Libraries will close at 5:00 today, Friday, May 4th, and be closed all weekend, and reopen on Monday. 
Next week's hours are 8:00 to 5:00. 
ON TUESDAY there will be no printing or photocopying- as the zipcard system is being updated., Books given in student's names to the collection., null, Cheryl Kern-Simirenko, Dean, University Libraries, awarding Service Awards to graduating students and employees reaching milestones., Graduating Students, University Libraries, 2012., null, Do you have books that you want to sell back? Is the book store or any other store not giving you enough money back?

Kappa Sigma has teamed up with Worldwide Book Drive, one of the largest used-book donors in the US! A Drop box is located near the Circulation Desk in Bierce Library.

Worldwide Book Drive promotes global literacy by donating gently used books to charitable organizations that focus on education and literacy: http://www.worldwidebooks.org, The library may Close at 1:00 a.m., but the databases and many of the books remain available electronically 24/7; check http://library.uakron.edu/ for books, or click the database tab. Use your UA account to log on., The faculty and staff of University Libraries wish all UA students success on their final projects and exams this week. UL facilities are open late all week to help: http://www.uakron.edu/libraries/bierce_scitech/about/hours_directions.dot, Check out the extended exam week hours on the library homepage: http://www.uakron.edu/libraries/, The Bierce Library hosted Lauren Garcia-DuPlain's freshman English class presentations of their final projects. The class required students to work with local community organizations to produce informational videos to help them promote their services. The final project presentation included a judged competition in which the United Way donated $4,000 to the community organizations that were involved. Rebuilding Together received $2,500 as the community organization affiliated with the winning student group., TEDTalks are a great source for dynamic and inspirational presentations about technology, science, and areas of human interest. If you're looking for a way to incorporate them into the classroom, check out this new tool to create customized lessons using TED and its related resources., Congratulations to the winners of the 2012 Friends of the Library Outstanding Student Employee Award, Johnathen Poalson, Science & Technology Library,  and Ashley Roth, Research and Learning Services!, Libguide on the Titanic from our colleagues at the Southeastern Oklahoma U. Library!, Interested in primary source material about the sinking of the Titanic? Check out this government document from UL's ProQuest Congressional subscription: http://bit.ly/IaZZMY, Final 2 days of the COLLIDER4: SPECTACLE exhibit in the Bierce Library Emerging Technology Lab. Check it out!, Archival Services is pleased to announce that 23,464 images from the Goodyear Tire & Rubber Company are now available on the UA Digital Resource Commons (DRC)., Happy National Libraries Week!, University Libraries will be open normal business hours over Easter weekend., null, Follow University Libraries on Twitter!, New University Libraries site coming this summer. Take a look and let us know what you think!, The Bierce Library renovations were featured in the latest American Libraries Design Showcase!, Exhibit to be hosted in the Emerging Technology Lab in the Bierce Library!, null, null, null, null)