List(Thanks for letting us start your day! We hope you have a safe and happy Easter weekend!, Would have never done it as a kid, but totally support as a parent-- My girls rescuing worms by picking them up (ew!) and bringing them back to the dirt. #outdoorlearning, It's #NationalNappingDay, and I'm visiting Sleepytown with a pal that my daughters left for me. Nighty night! 😴😴😪, Happy Friday!!, Wow! Thank goodness no one was hurt in this explosion of propane tanks at Crocker Park. Video credit to Abby Carlson for capturing the fireball., Good morning to you! Thanks for letting us start your day on WKYC Channel 3 - Cleveland!, When I pressed for specifics on bringing jobs to Ohio, Donald Trump responds, in an exclusive interview with John Anderson WKYC and me, on WKYC Channel 3 - Cleveland. The full interview, including who Trump might consider as a running mate: http://www.wkyc.com/mb/news/politics/one-on-one-with-donald-trump/73742396#

Share your thoughts!, Good Monday morning! Love these guys! Thanks for letting us start your day on WKYC Channel 3 - Cleveland, also streaming live on wkyc.com. We hope you have a terrific start to the week!, The image that made hearts cheer! Lorain toddler missing for hours, found safe overnight - thanks to total strangers in the community. Team coverage and our exclusive interview with her mom on WKYC Channel 3 - Cleveland through 7am. Hope you can join us!, Happy hump day! Thanks for letting us start your mornings on WKYC Channel 3 - Cleveland and streaming live on wkyc.com anywhere you go!, We are all in red today WKYC Channel 3 - Cleveland for #NationalWearRedDay to support heart health! Hope you have a fantastic Friday!!, HAPPY FRIDAY!!!, We are up and at 'em! Team coverage of a snowy commute this morning on WKYC Channel 3 - Cleveland! Stay safe out there - Have a great morning!, We will be up and ready even earlier to help you through a snowy commute - starting at 4am! See you on WKYC Channel 3 - Cleveland with Hollie Giangreco and John Anderson WKYC. Have a great night!, Thanks for waking up with us this Christmas Eve morning!  I hope you have a Merry Christmas🎄 and a Happy New Year! I'll see you in 2016! 🎉, Give it try! Let me know how you do... but no spoilers, please! :), null, Wow. Straight out of The Lorax... paying for air., Awww! Little Carina left her lamby and tiny bear like this, so they can keep each other company while she's at school. Do they really have to grow up?? ❤❤❤#meltmyheart, Finally done! Props for my daughter's elementary school play. Oy vey! Gotta get some sleep. Hope to see you in the morning on WKYC Channel 3 - Cleveland. Have a great night!, Love these guys!, Shalom! Working on a giant dreidel for an elementary school holiday play. To my Jewish friends - pardon my Hebrew calligraphy! Hope you're all having a great day!, The doc is in!! Chesterland's own, and West Geauga High grad, actor Nick Gehlfuss stops by to chat up his new show, #ChicagoMed with @WillUjek.  Watch the debut of the new NBC  series on WKYC Channel 3 - Cleveland Tuesday night at 9p!, What a great guy! Thanks for the visit to WKYC Channel 3 - Cleveland,  Lester Holt! #LesterinCLE, Good morning! We are #PurpleForAPurpose today for #WorldPancreaticCancerAwarenessDay. Let's help win the fight!, We hope you're off to a great morning! You can catch John Anderson WKYC, Hollie Giangreco, the WKYC Channel 3 - Cleveland morning gang, and me on TV, our WKYC app, or WKYC.com anywhere you are! Have a terrific day!, Hang on!!! Tiffany and I in front of the green screen in our Halloween costumes, "riding" Cedar Point's Maverick on the WKYC Channel 3 - Cleveland morning show! Check out how it all comes together in the video. Hope you have a safe and happy Halloween!, Love the photobomb, @Alyssa Raymond! We hope you're having a terrific Tuesday! with Hollie Giangreco John Anderson WKYC WKYC Channel 3 - Cleveland, Our Halloween Week continues on WKYC Channel 3 - Cleveland! Hope you'll wake up with us in the morning! Have a great night!, Fun with Lynna's Life Hacks this morning on WKYC Channel 3 - Cleveland! In case you missed it, watch tricks for pumpkin carving and keeping your jack o'lantern fresher, longer: http://www.wkyc.com/videos/news/features/2015/10/22/74375228/, That is a lot of hair falling in my lap! 😯 Sitting here getting a slightly new 'do...no looking back now! 💇💇💇, The ladies taking care of business today on WKYC Channel 3 - Cleveland! We hope you're having a great morning!  with Hollie Giangreco, 6:19am. What were you doing? Me? I was howling on the air! 😨 with @John Anderson WKYC, Out of all the life hacks we've tested -- This is the one that my husband says changed his life! (hyperbole?) Instead of fumbling with a funnel when pouring engine oil, pour it down a screwdriver. Quick wipe. No mess! Even works if the oil fill tube is at an angle, like on my husband's lawnmower. Make sure the bottle touches the screwdriver, before you pour.
Hope you can watch "Lynna's Life Hacks" Thursdays 5-6am!, Share your first date pics with us at WKYC Channel 3 - Cleveland for #TBT, using #firstdate!  Hubby Phil and I are here back in 2001, looking so young! ❤, So sweet! A note from my 6yo Carina, when I woke up for work at 1am.  And too funny!  Have a great show TONIGHT, says it all!!!, Did you know you can use an iron to fix a dent in wood furniture, and remove stains in carpet? In this morning's "Lynna's Life Hacks" on WKYC Channel 3 - Cleveland -- we showed you how!
(I really love carpet stain removal -- works great! Remember to get the iron as hot as you can without melting the carpet.)
In case you missed it: http://www.wkyc.com/videos/news/features/2015/10/01/73134446/, null, Are you watching #HeroesReborn?  Hope to see you in the morning on WKYC Channel 3 - Cleveland 4:30-7am.....minus the fire hands! Have a great night! 🔥🔥🔥😨, Dead car battery and dead cell phone? Keep a 9-volt battery in your car for emergencies. In Lynna's Life Hacks on WKYC Channel 3 - Cleveland, we showed you how to charge a device with a 9V, plus convert C batteries into D batteries using coins. 
In case you missed it: http://www.wkyc.com/videos/news/features/2015/09/24/72725990/, Saddened by the death of Yogi Berra...
But seriously, Associated Press? This is how the news alert came down overnight:, And calling the LSU/Auburn game today..., null, We hope you can wake up with us in the morning! Have a great night! ☺ WKYC Channel 3 - Cleveland, Too funny! My voice on Colbert last night. It'll be O-H...High-O if this passes..., null, What in the world?! My daughter's Furby suddenly  changed from a sweet sounding girl, to a creepy, purvy-sounding British man who burps and farts. I think it's hysterical, but Carina is not happy..., Teachers, help!  This math problem that my 3rd grader got wrong, is sparking lively debate in my house. Why can't the answer be both B and D? Is it because technically, this describes (6) 2's, therefore, 6×2? My daughter sees it as 2's, written 6 times, therefore, 2×6.

Because of the commutative properties of multiplication, why does it matter? #notsmarterthana3rdgrader, Note to parents: Please don't buy these sticky hands for party favors anymore. Before I knew what was happening, my girls put permanent stains on my walls and leather furniture! Any advice for stain removal? Neither soap, or corn starch, or magic eraser has worked. Aauugh!, Bahaha! Now you know why I'll never show my ears on WKYC Channel 3 - Cleveland ! #Dumbo 🐘😂😂😂, Ooooh...Praying Mantis! My girls learned from the PBSKids Wild Kratts show that these creatures don't hurt humans, so they weren't scared to pick it up. Hope you're enjoying the last days of summer!, null, ICYMI: Lynna's Life Hacks - Jewelry edition! Getting hard-to-polish silver jewelry shiny again has never been so easy, thanks to science...and removing a stuck ring with dental floss. Plus, what did Matt say here? Here's the segment from WKYC Channel 3 - Cleveland this morning: http://www.wkyc.com/videos/news/features/2015/07/30/30870271/, Now that's using your head! Can you really extend the range of your key fob by pointing it at your head? Silliness as we tested it out, on Lynna's Life Hacks. ICYMI, watch here: http://on.wkyc.com/1K95rDf, Fun at the ballpark, announcing Kids' Starting Lineup with @SliderTheMascot and Cleveland Indians! And what a sweetheart Carlos Santana is - for going out of his way to sign baseballs for my girls! #GOTRIBE, Great night for WKYC Channel 3 - Cleveland at #EmmysinIndy. Emmys for Best Evening Newscast, Weekend Newscast, Director, Promotions, Health Series., At the Great Lakes Regional Emmys in Indianapolis. Good luck to all the nominees from our WKYC Channel 3 - Cleveland team! #EmmysinIndy, Lynna's Life Hacks tomorrow morning: Testing tricks to make grill grates look like new. This easy one really worked! Our live tests on WKYC Channel 3 - Cleveland at 5:40a. Hope to see you then!, Tons of fun this morning for our superstar dad, John Anderson WKYC! Galley Boys, fries, and shakes from Swenson's Drive In Restaurants's food truck... Played Madden inside Ohio Mobile Gaming 's truck... and chilled out in the most luxurious RV from Neff Brothers RV in Lorain.... all outside the WKYC Channel 3 - Cleveland studios!

All for this awesome dad... and to show that all you superstar dads deserve to be celebrated! Happy Father's Day!, It's not really drinking on the job, is it? ;) Fun this morning demonstrating ways to fast-chill drinks for Lynna's Life Hacks on WKYC Channel 3 - Cleveland

Ice bath went from from 35 to 23 degrees after adding salt. Wine chilled in 20 minutes! 

Another popular method failed our test:
http://www.wkyc.com/story/news/features/2015/06/18/do-fast-chill-drink-methods-work/28854743/, My girls enjoying this week's "Lynna's Life Hacks," with a "secret ingredient" that apparently made some viewers uncomfortable!  It's what many moms use to get their baby's temperature, used for annual exams, among other things... Ahem. What's the big deal? Works for great bubbles! See the clip yourself - the reaction is priceless! http://www.wkyc.com/videos/news/features/2015/06/11/71052628/, Cleveland's newest folk hero!, Lol - the looks on our faces! Fun this morning doing Lynna's Life Hacks - testing the fastest way to cut up watermelon with less mess, and a brilliant, simple way to serve it up for kids! 

ICYMI: http://www.wkyc.com/story/news/features/2015/06/04/fastest-way-to-cut-up-watermelon/28403875/, Hope to see you in the morning 4:30-7am WKYC Channel 3 - Cleveland! Have a great night!, When retaliation backfires...
What did you think?  WKYC Channel 3 - Cleveland, Fire up the grill... With potato chips? Plus, a water trick to see how much propane is in your tank, and a trick for the best tasting hot dogs... In this week's Lynna's Life Hacks!, Ohh! John and I are shuttin' it down! See our Hawks/Cavs smack-off with our Atlanta sister station, WXIA-TV tomorrow morning 4:30-7am on WKYC Channel 3 - Cleveland! Go Cleveland Cavaliers! Have a great night!  :), Great food, dance, and fun at the Asian Festival -  E30th and Payne through Sunday! Sponsored in part by WKYC Channel 3 - Cleveland., The moment after you blurt out on TV, "Well like they say, if you hang the meat too high... The dog won't jump!" Lol!, Lol!  But SO sweet!  From my 5 yr old...
(It's so tempting to correct her spelling,  but I was told that's a big no-no at this age? ), Aw, shucks! Turns out this is a great life hack. No strings! We did one ear,  but I hear you can do 6 ears for 8 minutes in the microwave., null, null, Rock on! We had great fun on the show this morning at the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame + Museum! Special coverage of the Rock Hall inductions, parties, and concerts continues on WKYC Channel 3 - Cleveland. Have a terrific Friday!, Shake it, don't break it! lol!, Opening day fun, live at Progressive Field for our morning show! Special coverage continues on WKYC Channel 3 - Cleveland all day long. GO TRIBE!!!, GO TRIBE!!!, 26° degrees and snow outside. So we're roasting marshmallows in the fireplace on a Saturday night! What are you doing during this wintry blast?, Fun during commercial break!, I'm not sure what happened. Sometime in the last 8 years, I turned into arts-and-crafts mom. All this for a 2nd grade musical that might be 45 minutes long! Must be ♡!, Just a few more hours to join in the WKYC Channel 3 - Cleveland Bracket Madness Challenge to win $50,000 at: bit.ly/1BBZwCx ! John Anderson WKYC already had his bracket vandalized. Hollie Giangreco and I are going for the Kentucky upset! Who's your pick to win it all?, Hmm... still have to fill out my brackets, with Magic 8 Ball as my guide! Who's your Final 4?   Take me on, along with Hollie Giangreco and @John Anderson WKYC in WKYC Channel 3 - Cleveland 's #BracketMadness for a chance to win $50,000! Register here: bit.ly/1BBZwCx, Here's how I spent my weekend...painting this 6 ft. alligator for a 2nd grade musical. It's a gator version of Tic Toc Croc!, null, Our WKYC Channel 3 - Cleveland newsroom is divided. More than half of our morning team saw white/gold as the colors of #TheDress. The rest saw blue/black. Fascinated by the science behind our differences: http://www.vox.com/2015/2/27/8119901/explain-color-dress, ICYMI: WKYC Channel 3 - Cleveland "superheroes" pay up Super Bowl bet, pay it forward. With Matt Granite, Danielle Wiggins - WKYC John Anderson WKYC Hollie Giangreco and Maureen Kyle
Watch here: http://on.wkyc.com/186F8ji, Look who just blew me a kiss as he walked by my desk at WKYC Channel 3 - Cleveland! Welcome to the Hulk, Lou Ferrigno, and Wizard World Comic Con to Cleveland!, Behind the scenes this morning, for Hollie's 5th trip from studio to ice desk! Lol!, Lol! Sorry, you can't unsee this! Love Will Ujek and Matt Granite!, null, Our Super Bowl bet is in! Who's it gonna be? Team Pats on the left, or Team Hawks on the right? Thanks to John Anderson WKYC for being a good sport by wearing my deflated football hat. Because there's nothing like arts-and-crafts-smack!, Undisputed!, We have an amazing promotions department! What do you think of our latest AM show :30 promo? Check it out! :), null, Please wear purple today, and support the cause!, Are you on Twitter? Hope you can join our chats during our morning show! We'd love to hear your comments. Tweet/Follow me @Lynna_Lai, Happy Halloween from the Channel 3 morning team!, New Nike LeBron banner is finally in place, adding to the Cavs excitement downtown!, Hope you can wake up with us tomorrow - it's a Victory Monday! See you bright and early 4:30-7a! :), Spied our morning team along I-77S near Fleet! Hope you can wake up with us 4:30-7am!, It's World Smile Day! We are up and ready this Friday morning. Hope you can join us 4:30a to 7a!, Gotcha! Taking care of our fruit fly problem in the newsroom with these traps that we shared this morning on WKYC Channel 3 - Cleveland. Apple cider vinegar + drops of detergent to break the surface tension, so the flies don't just sit on the vinegar. Paper funnel, so they crawl in, but they can't figure out how to fly out.  Catching them by the dozens!, Northeast Ohio sunset. Nothing like it!, This morning on Channel 3 News Today -- A British study found the average woman spends 10 days a year in a grumpy mood. Say wha?? Who's the grumpy one, here?, Hope you've enjoyed watching all the "hidden talents" of our morning team this week on WKYC Channel 3 - Cleveland! We're here, 4:30-7a to help start your day!

ICYMI, here's the video: http://www.wkyc.com/story/news/features/2014/09/15/wkyc-got-talent/15654107/, Last weekend show with Chris Tye - so talented, but most of all, a terrific friend! I'm headed to the morning show a week ahead of schedule. See you bright and early Monday 4:30 - 7:00am!, Looks like I'll need a new coffee maker! Very eager to join such a talented morning crew. (And my girls are happy they'll see more of Mama.) Starting July 28th. Hope you'll tune in!
http://wkycdirectorscut.blogspot.com/2014/07/lynna-lai-named-channel-3-news-today-co.html?m=1, Today marks 10 years of love and laughter!  Here's to many more! <3, Brunswick tornado captured on a home security camera down the street from a home that had its roof blown off. Thank goodness no one was hurt!, Great night for the WKYC news team! Taking home Emmys for Breaking News Coverage and Best Newscast., Love my kiddos!, null, Follow me on Twitter! @Lynna_Lai, The girls and I tried to make Olaf! We'd all rather be - In Summerrrrr!, Three foot drifts too. Who's tired of winter???!!!, Tip of the hat to our promotions department! Such beauty in Northeast Ohio! What do you think?, Lights, camera, action! Channel 3 News promo shoot with my co-anchor, Chris Tye. It's smokin'!!!, Haha! Thank you @Eric Sever for the screen grab of an errant camera shot yesterday during Bruce's weather. I'm fixing my mic. But the comments in the newsroom have been priceless! Lol!, Factory of Sadness sits idle, waiting for a new shift manager..., Cool! (literally!) Check out our "Ice Desk." Some of us in the newsroom joked about adding a vodka fountain on the side - ha! That would be some kind of newscast!, Ready to go!, Your new Channel 3 weekend crew debuts tonight! Welcome Chris Tye to the party! Hope you can join Chris, Bruce, Dave, and me tonight after the game!, Merry Christmas, everyone! Hope you're having a wonderful day! Enjoying time with family, then anchoring the 11p tonight. (hey someone's gotta!) Peace and joy to you all!, Ho ho no! My 6-year old daughter just asked if Santa was real. Apparently some 3rd grader at school told all the kids around him, that it's the parents putting out gifts while they're asleep. Grrrr!  OK, veteran parents -- what would you have told her?, If you ever fly Airtran out of CAK, try booking your ticket through its parent company, Southwest.  I found my Airtran flight on Southwest, which doesn't charge baggage fees. Saved $25. Yay!, This was a 13-year old Akron teen's punishment for not walking away from a confrontation at school, the fight led to the teen's 3-day suspension. She stood on the street corner with this sign today --the wind chill was 20 degrees. I'll have her story tonight on Channel 3 News at 11.  What do you think of the punishment? Love to hear your comments -- I may use some of them on the air! Have a great night!, Whoa! Almost lost my tree on I-90!, No need to drag the hubby all over the place to find the perfect tree! (Like I used to do ;) Check out my mother-in-law's Christmas tree farm in Thompson! www.MorningStarMeadowTrees.com, Yay!!, My husband REALLY wants this shirt!, Oh c'mon! Does Barnes and Noble think we women are that shallow?? Haha!, Roomed with my best friend at the hotel. Looked at what she used!  Spray in bowl before use. Um... Lol...it works. What a nut!, Stuck at a Louisiana airport. Who knows for how long. Made my husband point his mobile at the TV and Skype the Browns game so I can watch. Genius move! Go Browns!!!!!!, In Louisiana for my high school reunion. They still have DRIVE-THRU daiquiris! Forget open container laws...because if the straw is not through the lid... It's legal! Seriously., Probably couldn't even give them away!, Because if you can't see my feet on TV... Why not???  ;), Woo hoo! Finally moving into 2013! Hope you can follow me on Twitter @Lynna_Lai so my bosses don't think I'm a slacker!
(Now where's my rotary phone?), Just got back from my story assignment...and found this foam finger on my desk! Wth? Miley, you here?, Jenga with my 6-year old. She beat me. I've never been so embarrassed and proud at the same time! 6!, Great. My husband... is "that guy." So proud! ;), She looks so great! Such a stark contrast from just 3 months ago!, Inspiring strength!, OMG!! Read/Watch this - I can't believe that this seriously happened!, Amazing!, Hope you can watch!, Lights... Camera... Waiting for action! Sitting here with John Anderson watching golf on the monitor and waiting for our news to start. C'mon NBC!!, Lol... It pays to pre-read!, On I-77 near Pershing earlier today. Classy!!, Channel 3 News at 11 is on in 15 minutes! Hope you can join John and me!, Apparently, I'm "very Americanized."  Yep. Born in Chicago!, Kaboom!!! More from filming of Captain America: Winter Soldier. If you have any intell on any of the stars in town - let me know!  Not that I'm a stalker, or anything ;), Say hello to Nick Fury! Samuel L. Jackson shooting a scene for the upcoming "Captain America: Winter Soldier" in downtown Cleveland. Don't forget - the Shoreway near downtown and Edgewater will close starting May 30th for filming of a chase scene. Do you think the inconvenience is worth it?, Kwan Family Lion Dancers @ the Cleveland Asian Festival all this weekend in Asia town.. East 30th and Payne!, Happy Mother's Day!! Hope you're enjoying your day!, Haha - In People magazine w/ photographer extraordinaire, Brian Johnson!, What a surreal day! The one moment that struck me the most - a police source told me that Amanda Berry's 6-year old daughter hugged one of the officers and told him that she wanted to be a police officer when she grows up.  What are your thoughts about Berry, Gina DeJesus, and Michelle Knight being found alive after all these years???, Haha! Because happy wife = Happy life!, Such a debate over kids carnival goldfish!  I want them to swim around in big tank -- because this just makes me sad.  But my husband insists that this is a typical kids fishbowl.  And added..."Stop looking at the bowl like it's a metaphor for your life!"  Whoa........OUCH! ;), This Just In: Strongsville teachers ratified agreement - the strike is over!!, From one LSU Tiger to another... Welcome to Cleveland, Barkevious Mingo!!! Psyched - now please rearrange Roethlisberger's face!, Huge football fan, but I'm still such a chick watching the NFL draft. Chris Berman has makeup on his right lapel, and someone needs to fix Mort's tie. I'm so conflicted..., Ha! It's why I'm such a skeptic. The Medical Examiner says the bones found yesterday are not human. Chicken and ribs anyone??, Update: The FBI called us at Channel 3 News. They want to take a look. That would quickly dispel the possibility of a hoax by the tavern, no?, The plot thickens! Jimmy Hoffa's remains in a Cleveland bar? Really?? I'm a skeptic. My story from last night is below. Now the update: Crews today found part of what appears to be a bone. John Anderson has the followup at 6., Omg! Video of newscast from Deadspin. I couldn't laugh too much - too afraid of karma!!, Haha. Looks like movie industry websites were wrong. City of Cleveland just issued a press release. Captain America will film in downtown and the West Shoreway from May 18 thru June 28th.  Rockwell, E9th, Huron, Prospect, W3rd, Lakeside.... Also along the Shoreway from Lake to E9th from May 29th to June 14th. Whew! That's a lot!, What did Safari do today? My co-anchor John and I with his 8-year old son's creative writing project: Safari at Channel 3 News! Safari looks frightened.... ﾟοﾟ, Um... did I jinx something? I get to my live shot and there's an audio problem that killed my live shot. :(, What a disappointment that the Cleveland Air Show is cancelled! Was looking forward to a front row seat this year on the back patio of WKYC. I'll have more on the cancellation and its impact in a few minutes, on Channel 3 News at 11. Hope you can watch - (now I'd better leave to get to my live shot!) Don't forget - we stream our newscasts live on wkyc.com, Holy poop! - Someone just emailed this to our assignment desk. He says the bird poop looks like Jesus!, Lynna Kardashian! Fun with the kids at the funhouse mirrors..., Cool! I just got in the mail - DVD's of Argo, Silver Linings Playbook, Les Miserables, and a theater coupon for Lincoln. (What, Mr. Spielberg - don't trust me??) Unexpected perks as a rookie member of the Screen Actors Guild.  What should I watch first? Which should I vote for, for Best Picture?, Christmas ale in a glass rimmed with cinnamon and sugar. Yum!  Hope you all have a safe and merry Christmas!, My 5-year old daughter is a Chick-fil-a cow! ;), I Can't Handle the Tooth!  My 5-year old daughter, Kayla, lost her first tooth.  I'm told the going rate for the Tooth Fairy is $5!!!!  That's just nuts.  I only got a quarter when I was a kid.  20 baby teeth = $100 = Insanity!, "Oh F%#&!"  We're getting a big laugh in the newsroom at this oldie, but goodie.  @ 7 secs in. LOL!, Lol... the WKYC ladies marking their territory by the dressing rooms!, null, Amen, Sister! I have so much respect for this anchor. Very well done., null, null, Note to Self:  Treat a cold with a cherry lozenge - Yes.
                    Right before a newscast? - NO!, Oops! That's unfortunate..., Rrribbit!! This is from a visit to the Cleveland Botanical Gardens with the family today.  Also - I feel like a dummy...I learned there today that chameleons don't change color to match their environment for camouflage -- they change color in response to their mood.  Thanks, Eric Carle!!, Do you know Cleveland's own, Machine Gun Kelly? (If you don't, ask the kids!) I'm working on a long profile of MGK for Channel 3 News at 11p tonight.  Here we are sitting down for the interview on his tour bus...  I'll be honest - I wasn't expecting it -- But he was downright charming! Hope you can watch!, Thank you, Dads -- for all that you do!  Such as unashamedly wearing a crazy t-shirt out in public, because your kids made it!
Hope you enjoyed your day, Dads -- you deserve it!, null, Whoa! A Marine helicopter landing near Public Square this evening, for the start of Marine Week in downtown Cleveland!  We'll have a live preview of the event that's expected to draw 150K people, coming up on Channel 3 News at 11!  Hope you can watch!, Took the girls to the Akron Zoo this weekend. Here are some jellyfish from their brand new Journey to the Reef exhibit! My first time at the zoo - (my husband didn't even know Akron had one) Really impressed! If you've never been - it's worth the trip!, Can't believe she's already 3!  Our Lil' Imp, Angry Peach, Mama Karma, Googie, and Stinker...
Happy Birthday, my Carina!, Darn it!!  Aliens got me tonight at 11!, null, Aaaugh!!! Freaking hair!  Haha - Look at how I looked at the end of my 11:00 live shot tonight.  My husband couldn't stop laughing as he was watching - telling the TV to "cut away, cut away!", Hi Friends!  Got any questions about the new casino? Parking? Drink prices? Ask away -- and I'll try to find the answer for you, for my story tonight on Channel 3 News at 11!  Have a great afternoon!, Good Evening! You probably already know not to put water on a kitchen grease fire.  But tonight, we have a graphic demo of everything you shouldn't do -- and show you what you *should do, when every second counts.  I just reviewed the story, and even as a cooking enthusiast - I learned something new.  Hope you can join us tonight on Channel 3 News at 11pm!, Carina (almost 3) put Froggie in time-out for pushing Purple Baby.  Froggie - better wipe that smile off your face!

Hope you're having a great evening.  Love it if you can join Eric and me tonight on Channel 3 News at 11p!, I'm an LSU alum, so you know how I feel about Bama.  But lovin' some Trent Richardson right now!, Remember April 24, 2005?  Almost 7 years ago to this day -- we got slammed with several inches of heavy wet snow.  This is my husband digging out our driveway! Coming up on Channel 3 News at 6 - Bruce will let us know how much snow we're expecting.  Hope you can join Eric and me at 6/11p!, Hey, look - free air! What's next, free dirt?, Did my first live shot out in the field today at 6 and 7p - the first reporting live shot I've done in 2 years!  Just wanted to grip it and rip it! (Any golfers out there?)  Hoping to shake off any rust before anchoring this weekend - 6/11p.  Nite!, First day just wrapped up at WKYC - and wow! So impressed by such wonderful and welcoming people. I'm joining a great team. Back in the morning for more training - good night!, Half-eaten carrot and greens. Girls asleep. Staging the scene now for the Easter Bunny!, Thanks everyone for your support and well-wishes!  Several of you have asked what I've been doing the last couple of months.  I learned 3 things - #1:  Stay-at-home moms don't get nearly enough credit - it's a tough job!  
#2:  When life gets frustrating because of things out of my control, it's helpful to focus on things that I can control - like working out.
#3:  Don't fight God's plans - Let it happen, Cap'n!, Time for a new adventure! News Release from WKYC_TV:
===========

Lynna Lai joining Channel 3 News team
Veteran anchor/reporter to anchor weekend evening newscasts 
------------------------------------------------
Lynna Lai has found a new station to call home in Cleveland as she is joining Channel 3 News, anchoring the weekend evening newscasts and reporting on weeknights.

“I’m excited to join a news team which shares a passion for journalism, and being personally engaged in gathering the news,” says Lai.   “Sometimes, anchors are perceived as being out of touch with the community, for never setting foot outside the station.  But Channel 3 is committed to hiring anchors who are reporters first, so I think this is a great fit."

“Lynna brings a wealth of experience to the table and will be a great asset to our news team”, said News Director Rita Andolsen. “She has strong anchoring and reporting skills and is passionate about telling the stories of our community”.

Lynna brings 18 years of broadcasting experience in major markets across the country to the job.  Her aggressive career pursuits began as a reporter at WMBD-TV in Peoria, Ill., which was quickly followed by a stint at KGW-TV in Portland, Ore.  In 1994, she became the first Asian-American television reporter in Cleveland, but left to pursue anchoring and reporting jobs at WTSP-TV in Tampa, Fla. and WSB-TV in Atlanta, Ga.  She has also served as a freelance correspondent for ABC News and the BBC. Lynna returned to Cleveland television in 2001 as an anchor for WOIO-TV.  

Recognized for her energetic personality and storytelling abilities, Lynna has received two Associated Press awards for Best News Writing and Feature Reporting.  In 2004, she won an Emmy for Best Spot News Reporting.

Lynna was born in Chicago and grew up in Louisiana before her family moved to Northeast Ohio.  She is a graduate of Louisiana State University, where she was the recipient of the LSU Honor Scholarship and a National Merit Scholarship Award.  But home is where the heart is and Lynna has called Northeast Ohio home since her parents moved to the area when she was a college freshman.

"No one is happier than my parents, who are absolutely giddy that their granddaughters are staying in town." 

Lai’s first day at Channel 3 Monday April  16th., Face in hand, propped up with an elbow on the dinner table. Glazed half-open eyes. Cheesy grin. Slurred speech saying, "I love you guys..."

Drunk sorority girl?  Nah. It's my 2-year old who missed her nap!, I know it felt like November this morning, but this is ridiculous!
Every time I honked, they gobbled. In turkey, they were saying, "Screw you - we own this road!", null, Happy Chinese New Year! How to say "Happy New Year" in Mandarin Chinese: Gung Shee Fah Tsai (rhymes with eye), which is actually a  greeting that offers wishes of prosperity. A common, but less formal greeting is Sheen Nee'yen Kuai Luh, which translates to happy new year. The Year of the Dragon is said to be the luckiest of the Chinese zodiac, but also the most unpredictable! May you enjoy good health and prosperity this year!, While rushing around like crazy trying to get my 5 and 2 yo girls out the door...
Me: *Sigh* You guys are so much work!
Kayla(5):  Well, Mama - We are children... (in a like, duh! tone of voice)

What happened??! She just turned 5, not 15!, Sooo close...yet so far...so often.  Because actually tossing the clothes IN the hamper instead of next to it, is too hard for some husbands to do!  Ha! (uh-oh. I think I'm gonna be in trouble for this)  :), I think my husband likes the smartphone I gave him for Christmas, judging by this text I got from him:
Phil: If this phone were a woman, I'd be making cheesy one liners and buying it drinks. It's that good!

Really?! Boys and their toys!, How about some good news? A 5-year old Seattle girl attached a letter to Santa to 2 pink balloons on Dec.2.  It travelled 700 miles, and ended up in the hands of a Northern California rancher and his wife, this week. The couple is fulfilling her wish for a doll, tea set, pants and shoes. The Christmas spirit is alive!
        I hope you all have a safe, and Merry Christmas!!! :) Lynna, Off today. Kids in school. Went to bed last night at 9 - and just woke up. Wow. 13 hours! After 5 years of averaging 5-6 hours a night, it's finally hit me.  Apparently last night, I put the leftovers in a container and put the container (with the leftovers in it) back in the cabinet! cuckoo..., 4 years old, going on 40?  
Me: Kayla! Clean up your mess! 
Kayla: No, you clean it.
Me: Um, excuse me...I don't think so. Why should I clean up after you - You don't clean up after me.
Kayla: I will...(pause)... someday.
     
WTH??!!, The Occupy My House encampment. Protesters of veggies, teeth brushing and early bedtimes., Husband to our 4 yo, not happy about the cloudy gloomy weather: "You know, Kayla, you can still have sunshine in your heart, with all the love from me, Mama, and Carina." 
Kayla: "But if I have sunshine in my heart, I'll be too hot!", (Ok, someone's getting jealous.) Instead of all the Johnny Depp talk, what I *really meant to post was - Women love men... who are great fathers too!  ;), Showing this pic of Mama to my cranky/crying 4 and 2 year old girls always makes them laugh. Happy Friday!!, Lots of football watching this weekend. Husband: "Why do beer commercials all make dudes look like idiots?" Me: "You really want me to answer that?", Neighborhood's gone to the crapper!!, Party at Lynna's !!, Over the weekend, my 4yo, Kayla drew this outside picture. Kayla: "That's me...that's Daddy...Carina... a cat (which we don't have) and our house." Me: "Well, where's Mama?" Kayla: "You're inside the house cooking and cleaning." SMH... I really need to get out!, You guys were close! Shreveport, LA.  Congrats to my bff, Vicki!  My sister from another mister!, Another clue: Jambalaya, fried catfish and meatpies!, A clue as to where I've been this weekend!, I made chicken and black bean enchiladas for dinner. Mild sauce. But my 4yo, who can't handle any hint of spice, wasn't happy.
My husband: Girls: Say thank you, Mama, for making dinner.
Carina(2yo): Thank you, Mama for making dinner!
Husband: Kayla...?
Kayla: Thank you, Mama for making a terrible dinner!
Smh...we had to laugh..., OK Fantasy Football Geeks-Here's my team: QB-Sam Bradford; RB-Jamaal Charles; RB-LeSean McCoy; RB/WR Darren McFadden; WR-Mike Wallace; WR-Marques Colston; TE-/Chris Cooley;Giants D; K-David Akers/ Bench: RB-LeGarrette Blount; RB-Shonn Greene; RB-Joseph Addai; WR:Plaxico Burress; RB-Mike Tolbert; RB-Roy Helu; QB-Colt McCoy
   Obviously a problem with TE-Cooley out 4 wks. McFadden turned out to be a steal-broken orbital,but back for Wk1. Colston's back on Saturday. "Have a take. Don't suck!" Ha!)