List(From our family to yours, we wish you a happy Easter. All locations will be CLOSED today, and will open uo tomorrow for lunch., To make this beautiful day even better, join us tonight for a lovely made to order meal., IMPORTANT: We will be closed tonight at all our locations for our annual holiday party, see you tomorrow!, Come join us on this lovely "spring" evening for a traditional Italian dinner., Come join us this Sunday evening for a traditional Italian meal., Happy #NationalPizzaDay! Come in and celebrate with us tonight and our authentic brick oven pizza!, Due to the snow, all locations will be CLOSED tonight for dinner. We'll see you all tomorrow!, The snow has cleared, make your way out and join us for lunch!, SPECIAL: Until February 5th, we will be giving out FREE breadsticks at our Fiorella's Express location in Cambridge when you mention this post!, Come cure your Monday blues with us tonight!, The Patriots and Broncos square off at 3:05 today. Come snag a seat at our bar and enjoy the game!, IMPORTANT: Fiorella's will be closed this Friday from 2:30pm until 4pm, and this Saturday, we will have a delayed opening at 2pm. Thank you., Didn't win the Powerball? It's okay, you can still hit it big with our Secret Envelops. Come in today and claim your prize!, We agree! :-), Join us tonight to redeem those Surprise Envelopes!, Don't forget to come in and redeem your Surprise Envelope! One lucky customer received a $100 gift card, that could be you! Come on in and find out., New year, same great taste! Our Pear & Gorgonzola Salad fresh out of the kitchen. Join us tonight for a nice Sunday evening meal., Happy New Years, from our family to yours. Our Newton location will be closed for lunch today, and opening for dinner at 4pm., Join us this Wednesday evening and joy out specials, Seafood Fra Diavlo & Gorgonzola Steak Tips. Our server Julie will be happy to see you!, Merry Christmas from our family to yours. We will be closed tonight., Come ring in the New Year at Fiorella's! We'll be serving all your favorite dishes along with several Chef's specials. Tables are still available for any size party, so make your reservation today!, Come cure your Monday blues tonight with a lovely Italian meal. Our specials tonight are Salmon Piccata & Steak Tip Gorgonzola., Escape the rain and take an extra-long lunch break with us at any of our express locations!, Happy #NationalCoffeeDay! Our espresso martini made with stoli vanilla vodka, Kahlua, bailey’s and a shot of espresso will be sure to hit the spot today., Simplicity is bliss., What can be more romantic than dinner under the “once in a lifetime” supermoon eclipse? Visit us tomorrow for some Italian cuisine under the stars., Perfection in the making., Venture off to Italy with our Antipasto Board, celebrating classic Italian flavors. Taste imported prosciutto, provolone cheese, marinated artichoke hearts, and more., Looks like someone likes our pizza., The fall is quickly approaching which means pasta dishes are your new best friend. Try our chicken parmigiana with our signature marinara sauce, you’ll be glad you did., No one wants to cook on a Monday. Let us take care of it., Football Sunday! Call any one of our express locations in Belmont, Brighton and Cambridge for delivery of your favorite Fiorella’s dishes!, Our ice cream pie is the best way to end any meal. Photo credit: @mmjd88, Thanks to everyone who participated in our raffle at our Festa Di Strada! We will be emailing all of the winners today. Stay tuned., Congratulations to Tara Greco! You are the winner of our photo sharing contest! You have won a free entrée up to $16 value. Please private message us for details on how to claim your prize., We had such a great time at our Festa Di Strada yesterday! Thank you to everyone who came out and joined us!, Our street party is under way!! Stop by our Cambridge express location now until 2:30PM and enjoy complimentary pizza and gelato, raffles and more!, “Like” if you’ll be joining us tomorrow at our Festa Di Strada at our Cambridge location from 11:30AM-2:30PM!, Our chef is cooking up magic this weekend at our Cambridge Express location! Stop by for take-out, or dine in!, Join us Sept 15th from 11:30AM-2:30PM for an Italian street party like no other with hand scooped gelato, complimentary samples, raffles & more! Share this post before Sept. 15th at 9AM for a chance to win a free entrée up to a $16 value! (Restrictions may apply)., Breadsticks baked to crispy perfection. Hungry yet?  #Foodie, One week from today is our Festa Di Strada! Join us at our Cambridge Express location from 11:30AM – 2:00PM for a day full of Italian festivities, raffles, hand scooped gelato and complimentary samples. You won’t want to miss this!, Happy Labor Day! All of our locations are open today from 4PM-10PM., Our Festa Di Strada is right around the corner! Be sure to join us in Cambridge at our Express location for a day filled with gelato, pizza, raffles & more!, Happy Labor Day weekend! Swing by any of our express locations for pick up, or call for take-out and let us handle all of your party needs!, Check out our Brighton Express Location! The kitchen is wide open so you can watch our chef’s create magic., Thanks to @solacethought for this amazing shot of our linguine with baby clams!, Be magically transported to the streets of Italy at our “Festa Di Strada” at our Cambridge location on September 15th! Enjoy pizza, gelato, music, raffles & more from 11:30AM-2:30PM., Now that’s a meatball. If you haven’t tried our Fiorella’s signature meatballs tossed in our delicious homemade marina sauce, you’re missing out!, Haven’t had a chance to visit all 4 of our Fiorella’s locations? Don’t’ worry, we’ve got virtual tours so you won’t feel left out. Check out our Belmont Express location., On September 15th our Cambridge location is hosting a "Festa Di Strada!" Come by from 11:30AM-2:30PM for a day filled with pizza, gelato and Italian festivities to end summer with a bang!, Because sometimes it’s not always best to decide on one. Try out our Misto appetizer. A sampling of our Toasted Ravioli, Stuffed Peppers Parmigiana & Calamari Fritti, served with a side of our signature marinara sauce., Never visited us before? Check out this virtual tour of our #NewtonMA location!, Looking for a quick bite to eat on this busy Monday? Our Cambridge express location is ready for you! Swing by or call for take-out., Fiorella’s Express knows exactly what you need on the weekends, and that’s #takeout. Indulge in our peperoni fra diavlo or any of the Fiorella’s dishes you love in the comfort of your own home., Our Express locations are serving up pizza’s galore on this rainy day! Come by for take-out or dine in., How good does an ice cold cocktail sound on this humid day? Come visit us in #NewtonMA, #Throwback to when our #CambridgeMA location just opened! Eater Boston!, Happy #NationalIceCreamPieDay. Come celebrate with our delicious Peanut Butter Ice Cream Pie!, A line of chef’s dedicated to giving you the best food & experience as possible! What’s better than that? Come join us, The weekends are meant for relaxing with family and friends! Stop by, or call for takeout at one of our 3 Fiorella’s Express locations and leave the cooking up to us! #Belmont #Brighton #Cambridge, Have you been by to celebrate our 15 year anniversary yet? Remember throughout the entire month of August we are offering a special menu with a variety of dishes that are only $15., Are you a fan of our copper pan display? Purchase similar pans via @Etsy and create your own masterpiece at home! http://etsy.me/1JVPYYV, We know how much you love it, so now we sell it! Stop by and pick up our signature, all natural marinara sauce to take home & enjoy with your favorite meal., We take our arancini very seriously around here. Our crisp risotto ball stuffed with mozzarella cheese & served with our signature marinara sauce is a fan favorite!, Something about seeing your food being prepared in front of you really takes the meal to the next level. At least we think so!, We are celebrating 15 years of business by giving back to our loyal customers. Come by to enjoy our 15th anniversary menu and gift card promotion. For more information visit, There is nothing we love more than seeing our guests happy! Thanks @Foodinyourmouth for this great photo., Plans with friends tonight, or just laying low? Either way pick up dinner on-the-go from any of our express locations & leave the cooking up to us!, Thanks to The Two Riveras for their wonderful review! We hope to see you again soon., Escape the storms tonight and dine with us in #NewtonMA ! Or visit any of our express locations in #Cambridge, #Brighton or #Belmont and pick up dinner for take-out., Our breadsticks are baked to perfection, sprinkled with garlic and served with our signature marinara sauce. We guarantee you’ll be asking for seconds., Thank you to our electricians for working hard to fix the problem and turning the power back on! We will be open again tomorrow at 4:00pm with normal business hours., Unfortunately, we will be closed tonight, due to an electrical issue. Our electricians are working hard to get the power back on soon. We apologize for any inconvenience. Thank you for understanding., Our 15 Year Anniversary Promotions begin today! Valid August only, we will offer rotating selection of $15 dinner and lunch specials & when you buy one $100 gift card you will receive an additional $15 gift card., Hard to believe tomorrow marks 15 years since we’ve started our business! We love & appreciate all of our guests! Thank you for making this a great 15 years., Join us for dinner tonight on our outdoor patio and let the ambiance transport you to the beautiful streets of #Italy, Our whole baby clams are simmered to perfection in a delicious garlic wine sauce and served over linguini to create this light but savory entrée. Perfect when paired with a glass of #Chardonnay #BostonFoodie, Our 15 Year #Anniversary Special begins August 1st. We will be offering you a special menu with a variety of delicious dishes that are only $15 and also a $15 gift card for every $100 gift certificate that is purchased!, Thanks Lei Ann Off Duty for sharing about your experience with us! So glad you enjoyed yourself and we hope to see you again soon! http://bit.ly/1U2sx35, Don’t feel like cooking this weekend? Stop by any of our 3 express locations to grab take out, and we’ll take care of the cooking for you., Love is in the air on outdoor patio tonight. Anyone for a little antipasti and a glass of Tenuta Fauri Montepulciano? #NewtonMA, We loved Gourmet Pigs blog on her experience with us! Thanks for sharing., Loving Lei Ann Off Duty photo of our signature Blueberry Smash cocktail!, Sign up for our loyalty cards and receive savings, special offers and more!, 108 Facts you probably never knew about Italy from Life in Italy !, Come by tonight for a delicious Italian dinner with friends and family!, We celebrate you! Join our #BirthdayClub today & we'll treat you to a complimentary entree on your birthday!, Want to add authentic Italian flavor to your meals with ease? Pick up our all-natural, homemade marinara sauce today!, Check out food blogger A Little Bit About a Lot of Things dinner experience with us! We're happy they left full and satisfied!, Indulge your sweet tooth with a cannoli to complete the perfect Italian dinner!, Join us tonight at 6:30 for our 3-course Wine & Dine dinner! Click for more information!, Join us this Monday for our Summer Italian Wine Dinner! Enjoy a five-course meal through the Italian countryside!, Happy Friday! Come by with the family to celebrate the start of the weekend with a plate of your favorite Italian meal!, Let us #wine and #dine you Monday, July 13th at our Summer Italian Wine Dinner! Make your reservation today!, Our Summer Italian Wine Dinner is around the corner! Join us for a meal through the Italian countryside! Visit our website for the menu., Try our #delicious and #nutritious Antipastio Board off of our #dinner menu! It's just $13 for a beautiful plate of meats, cheeses and more!, Monday blues setting in after a #festive weekend? Check out our menu and stop in for a nice meal!, We will be closed today to celebrate Independence Day! Wishing everyone a festive and happy #FourthofJuly celebration!, Come enjoy our Misto appetizer which includes Toasted Ravioli, Stuffed Peppers Parmigiana and Calamari Fritti. There's something for everyone!, Reminder that we will be closed all day this Fourth of July! Stop by before and after the 4th for all your favorite Italian dishes!, Want to be a part of the club? Join our famous Birthday Club and receive insider promotions, invites and even a free entree!, null, Let us wine and dine you! Join us Monday, July 13th for a Summer Wine Dinner complete with five-courses and wine pairings!, Our delicious #penne pasta is perfect for any evening out with family or friends. Come by tonight and treat yourself to a great meal!, Bring home our signature #marinara sauce today to add joy and flavor to your next #Italian dish., Dine with us tonight to celebrate Friday with family and friends!, Stay tuned for our upcoming wine dinners. You won’t want to miss it!, Cool off with a refreshing #beer at our bar on this hot #summer day or join us on the patio!, Escape the humidity. Join us and enjoy a plate of #Chicken Broccoli #Alfredo for dinner!, Nothing gets rid of Monday blues like choosing from our wide variety of our #pizzas for dinner tonight!, Join us to honor all of the wonderful Dads in our lives this #FathersDay with our #homemade #Italian cuisines!, Check out our owner Remon Karian sharing our story and our food with Chris Villani and Tyler Sully on Boston Herald Radio ! Start listening at 1:07:40., Such a great time at Boston Herald Radio today! You guys are awesome, thanks for all the laughs! #FargoStreet, We embrace our open kitchen so you can see exactly how our fresh food gets to your plate, whether it's seared, sauteed, or brick oven-baked!, Let us help you #honor Dad this Father's Day with delicious #homemade #Italian cuisine served on our outdoor patio or in our dining room!, Have you tried our #RoastedBeet yet? Savory Arugula & roasted beets tossed in raspberry white balsamic vinaigrette topped with goat cheese. Come in and try it for yourself!, Spend #Sunday family #dinner with us and try Italian specials such as the Short Ribs Milanese, Treat the fathers in your lives with a homemade Italian inspired meal such as the Veal Parmigiana on #FathersDay!, Does this warm #weather have you dreaming of #seafood? Curb that #craving with our delicious Scallops Lemoncello served over risotto!, We all know there is nothing better than a homemade Italian meal. Try these #Italian style chicken meatballs at home!, Did you know we've been crafting #homemade signature marinara sauce in house since 1986? Stop in & bring the authentic Italian taste home!, Can't figure out what to feed the family tonight? Come by and we'll guarantee a good time and a hearty meal!, Transport your #datenight table straight to #Italy with this #yummy Penne with Vodka Sauce recipe from Food Network, Come in for dinner tonight and try our delicious Salmon Romano served over fresh asparagus and creamy mashed potatoes!, Missed us on BDCwire RadioBDC listen to us here talk about our #restaurant, it's history, food and upcoming events!, Glad to know host Julie Kramer is a fan of our Chicken Parmigiana! Had so much fun at RadioBDC today!, It’s not too early to start making plans for #FathersDay Treat your dad to homemade Italian cuisine. For reservations visit our website!, We're working with Brian Samuels Photography on a menu shoot today!, Cheer up from this gloomy weather & come by for a warm #arugula #pizza or check out many other delicious entrees via www.fiorellasnewton.com, Looking for the perfect cocktail? These Italian drinks will liven up any party! Try these fun recipes at home via Food, #TGIF! Come celebrate #Friday and get ready for the weekend!, We love bringing #families together! Gather the troops and join us for dinner tonight. #FamigliaTime!, We love this story about #Newton South students who took the T to prom! Read more via Wicked Local! #GreenLine, We're celebrating the opening of our patio on this beautiful weather! Come by between hours for 11:30 - 4:00 PM to join us for a delicious brunch. Buy one entree and get another free!, Heartfelt thanks to all the #heroes who have served and continue to serve our country. Happy #MemorialDay, It’s almost here! Celebrate the summer opening of our patio with us on May 26th from 11:30 am - 4:00 pm!, #HappyFriday! Treat the family to a delicious dinner tonight with us., On Tuesday, May 26th,from 11:30AM – 4:00PM  we will host a special day of delicious food, libations and beautiful weather. Stop by and enjoy a complimentary lunch entrée with a purchase of a regular entrée! Exclusive to patio only!, #Italian Fun Fact: "There are more than 600 pasta shapes produced worldwide", Join our famous #BirthdayClub to enjoy a complimentary entree on your #Birthday! Sign up for insider promos and invites, Join us May 26th for the official #summer opening of the #patio! From 11:30am-4pm enjoy a complimentary lunch entrée with the regular purchase of any entrée!, "You need to eat more!" #Nonna approved, you can join us for your favorite Italian dishes! via BuzzFeed, Want to know the #secrets behind what keeps us going? Watch our exclusive video and find out!, Short on time for #familydinner? Try this quick and easy kid approved #Italian wedding soup recipe from Food & Wine, Want to create a special #Italian meal for the family at home? Try our authentic #Italian marinara sauce that we have been making with love since 1986!, Discover the best Italian #cocktails to spice up your summer via Walks of Italy and try making it yourself!, Cool down on these warm days while staying #spring healthy with any of our  refreshing salads!, Join us for a delicious #MotherDay! We're opening early to serve some #Italian specials. See you there!, What Italian mother doesn't love her mozzarella and meatballs? Combine both for a homemade #MothersDay lunch via Bakerbynature, Nothing warms up the heart like #Italian food. Join us this #MothersDay weekend to celebrate #mom with a delicious meal!, This Sunday night, our chefs are preparing Seafood Puttanesca & Chicken and Veal Marsala for our specials., Our specials this lovely Saturday night are Pork Osso Bucco & Swordfish Limone, We just passed our 300 follower milestone on Twitter! Follow us @FiorellasNewton, Tonight our chefs are preparing Veal Francese and Haddock Limon for our entree specials., Happy Patriots day & Boston Marathon! Our specials this evening are Seafood Fra Diavlo & Pork Tenderloin, Happy Friday! Come celebrate with us! Our chefs are preparing delicious Seafood Mediterranean & Pork Tenderloin for the entree specials., Come enjoy this beautiful spring Thursday with us! Our specials tonight are: a Chicken Abruzzi tossed with penne and a pan seared Flat Iron Steak!, 2 years later... We are still, and forever will be #BostonStrong, What a beautiful day today! After all your fun Sunday activities, come join us for dinner. Our specials this evening are: Pork Porterhouse & Seafood Oreganato, This Saturday evening, our chefs have delicious Pork Porterhouse & Seafood Orreganato for our specials., Congratulations to this beautiful couple who got engaged yesterday at the restaurant!  #FiorellasFamily, #BostonStrong, Treat your tastebuds to our Chicken Madeira or Seafood Fra Diavlo, our entrée specials tonight, and for dessert: a Dream Bomba., Whats on tap for tonight? Join us! Our enticing specials this evening are: Chicken Florentine & Seafood Fra Diavlo, It's Friday! Come celebrate with us. Our chefs are preparing: Seafood Cioppino & Steak Gorgonzola for the specials., We will be CLOSED this Sunday, April 5th. We wish your families a safe and Happy Easter., It's starting to really feel like spring, take the night off from cooking and let us do the work, our specials this evening are: Chicken Carresi & Shrimp Piccata, Come join us on this lovely Wednesday evening, our specials are: Chicken Carresi & Pesce Amore, as well as our Cauliflower and White Asparagus pizza., Our specials this lovely evening are: Seafood Puttanesca & Flat Iron Steak., Our drink special from last night, the "Fig Newtonville" cocktail, made with Eagle Rare bourbon, fig jam, and lemon., Enjoy our specials Pork Tenderloin & Striped Bass Bianca to start off your weekend., Come in and try our new pizza special: Brussel Sprout and Apple wood Smoked Bacon Flatbread! As well as our entree specials: Chicken Lorenzo & Veal Francese!, A prime example of taking the love of Fiorella's home with you. Here's a great customer photo from Matthew Simko (@sotacky33) using our sauce to create a lovely dipping side. #FiorellasFamily, null, For our specials tonight, we have: Seafood Provencal & Chicken and Spicy Sausage Amatriciana, Come enjoy our specials on this lovely Monday night: Seafood Provencal & Chicken Lorenzo, A little throwback to our @FiorellasExpress location's being featured on Phantom Gourmet's "Great 8 Takeout" highlighting top places to get takeout!, Treat yourself tonight to our Apple Pie Gelato, or our delicious Peanut Butter Ice Cream Pie, Start off the weekend right! Come join and enjoy our specials this evening: Striped Bass Florentine & Flat Iron Steak, Excited for the weekend? One more day! Let us cook for you tonight. Our specials are: Lobster Ravioli Pomodoro & Chicken Florentine., Come enjoy our specials this evening. Our chefs are preparing Seafood Siciliano & Chicken Madeira., Attention: We will be closing tomorrow at 4pm for a company gathering., Join us this Friday night and enjoy our specials: Sole Francese & Veal Abruzzi., Join us on Instagram! Use the hashtag #FiorellasFamily to show us  your pictures of you and your family enjoying a meal! http://bit.ly/1lRS7nE, This evening, our chefs our preparing: Chicken Madeira & Seafood Piccata for our specials., Check this out!, This Sunday evening join us for dinner. Our specials tonight are: Seafood Carbonara & Swordfish Caponata., Come enjoy some new menu items that we're rolling out! We have new flatbreads, this one is marinated eggplant & goat cheese!, Come on in, make yourself at home, and take a look around the restaurant with our new cool feature!, Start your week with us... Our specials this evening are Haddock Francaise as well as Seafood Carbonara., Join us this Sunday evening & enjoy our specials: Cioppino & Pork Porterhouse, null, Happy Friday! Join us tonight for a delicious meal. This evening, our Chef's are preparing Cioppino over linguini & Pork Porterhouse served with mushroom risotto for our specials., Join us this Wednesday evening, our specials tonight are: Fettuccini Primavera & Steak Tips, Come enjoy tonight's specials: Seafood Bianca & Steak Tips, Valentine's Day? How about Valentine's Week? Due to all the snow we've all been experiencing, Governor Charlie Baker has proclaimed that this week is Valentines Week, encouraging everyone to #ShopLocal., Happy Valentines Day today, from our family to yours. May it be filled with happiness and love., We have some wonderful specials tonight for you folks: Lobster Ravioli Bianca & Chicken Pizziaola., Show us some love in the Wicked Local Reader's Choice awards! Cast your votes by February 14th to help us repeat last years performance, as well as Fiorella's Express, cast your votes here: http://bit.ly/16TXtyG, Come join us tonight and warm up with a nice Italian meal. Our specials these evening are Calamari Siciliano & Chicken Florentine, It has been a snowy day here at Fiorella's! But our staff has been here ready to cook you a meal!, We are now OPEN for dinner, come brave the elements and enjoy a nice meal with us. #OpenInBos, Due to inclement weather, our location & all Fiorella's Express locations will be CLOSED for lunch., Before the snow starts hitting hard, come join us for dinner. Our specials tonight are: Seafood Puttanesca & Chicken Florentino., Squeeze in a last meal out before the snow starts up again! Join us tonight for our specials: such as our lovely Seafood Puttanesca & Veal Florentine, Tonight, enjoy a nice stove cooked pizza, or enjoy our delicious specials, such as: Veal Madeira & Lobster Ravioli., Just getting back from the New England Patriots parade? Come join us for dinner. Our specials tonight are: Chicken Madeira & Seafood Fra Diavlo, We hope you are enjoying your snow day! Are you already out driving around? Come let us cook you a meal while you warm up. We may be closing early depending on the weather. From our family to yours, Drive Safe!, Due to the snow, we will be closed for lunch but reopening for dinner at 4! Happy Snow Day!, Tables are set! Come and enjoy a nice meal and watch the game! Our specials today are: Lobster Ravioli Bianca & Flat Iron Steak, On this Saturday evening, our specials are: Flat Iron Steak & Seafood Bianca., This Friday evening, come enjoy a nice brick oven pizza. As well as our specials: Chicken Limone & Chicken Toscano., #ThrowbackThursday to our segment on Phantom Gourmet back in 2011!, First day out after the big snow storm? Come and enjoy a nice Italian meal with us. Tonight's specials are: Haddock Limone & Chicken Rose, Unfortunately, we will be closed for the remainder of the day. We hope you and your family are all enjoying your snow day. 
What are you doing to enjoy your snow day?, Due to the inclement weather, we will be closed from 8pm tonight,and if all goes as planned, we will be opening for dinner tomorrow at 4pm. In the meantime, stay safe & have a great snow day. #Blizzardof2015, What are you doing to gear up for the big snow storm? We think before you rush off to the supermarket to stock up on bread & milk, you must gather at least a week's supply of our famous Marinara Sauce...  #Priorities, Escape the snow & come enjoy a nice meal with us. Our specials tonight are: Seafood Arrabiata & Chicken Florentine., Let us be a part of your Friday night! Our specials this evening are: Seafood Arrabiata & Chicken Rollatini. You can finish of your meal with a decadent Turtle Cheesecake., Come join us tonight for a delicious meal. Our lovely chef's are preparing Shrimp Genovese simmered in pesto cream sauce & Chicken Lorenzo in a garlic marsala sauce., Tonight's specials include: our delicious Salmon Fresca simmered in garlic white wine sauce, as well as Chicken Pizzaiola simmered in tomato basil sauce., Day off? Come celebrate with us! Tonight our chefs are preparing Seafood Tropical and Pork Tenderloin for our entree specials, and you can end your meal with our Raspberry Stracciatella Gelato., Come and watch the New England Patriots square off against the Indianapolis Colts tonight. Our specials are: Seafood Tropical & Pork Tenderloin., Start your Friday night out with us! Our specials this evening are: Chicken Madeira as well as Haddock Florentine., This Thursday evening, come treat yourself to our delicious specials: Chicken Pizzaiola & Lobster Ravioli Florentine, Tonight, our chefs are preparing Chicken Pizzaiola & Beef Constantine for our specials, as well as countless other traditional entrees. Come and enjoy., Come on down tonight and enjoy our specials: Fruitti Di Mare & Beef Constantine, Begin your week the right way, with a delicious meal. Our specials this evening are: Chicken Madeira & Flat Iron Steak, The New England Patriots take on the Baltimore Ravens at 4:30 this afternoon. Come down, watch the game, and enjoy a great meal. #GoPats, This Friday night, come on down and enjoy our specials: Tilapia Provencal & Chicken Gorgonzola, Treat yourself to our specials on this frigid evening: Lobster Ravioli & Chicken Gorgonzola., On this chilly Wednesday evening, warm yourself up with our specials: Seafood Piccata & Chick Saltimboca., A little message from our owner, Remon:, This Sunday night come on down and enjoy our specials: Flat Iron Steak & Seafood Fra Diavlo, Flat Iron Steak & Seafood Puttanesca are on the tab for tonight's specials, as well as many other traditional Italian entrées, Cheers to Friday! Start your night off with us. Tonight the chefs are preparing Flat Iron Steak, and Seafood Bianca for our specials., Happy New Years from us here at Fiorella's to you, come enjoy a Espresso Stracciatella gelato tonight., New Years Eve out on the town? Come join us for dinner. Our specials this evening are Lamb Osso Bucco & Halibut. #NYE, Tonight's specials are: Lobster Ravioli Carbonara & Steak Gorgonzola. Enjoy!, On this lovely Saturday night, treat yourself to a nice dessert after an Italian meal - with our chocolate almond gelato., Come use those Fiorella's gift cards today! Our specials are: Seafood Oreganato & Steak Gorgonzola, One of the best presents to receive this Holiday season., Wishing you all Happy Holiday's from our family here at Fiorella's, to yours. Here are our Holiday hours:, null, Just a reminder to cast your vote for the Newton Tab reader's choice awards! Polls open on January 11th! Help us repeat last year's appearance! http://bit.ly/1t3h0qV, Our specials this Sunday evening are: Mussels Arrabiatta & Steak Tips Diana., Treat yourself to a night out! Start with us! Our specials this evening are: Seafood Bianca & Filet Mignon!, Make sure next time you come to the restaurant you snap a picture of your meal and tag us on Instagram!, Our #TransformationTuesday. New look, same great meal!, Start your week off with us! Come relax and enjoy a delicious meal, such as our Seafood Pomodoro, The New England Patriots face off against the Miami Dolphins  at 1pm! Come join us after the game for a nice Sunday meal! Our specials today are Cioppini & Pork Shank, Begin your Saturday night with us! Our specials tonight are Pork Shank & Cioppini. The best way to start any meal - our signature breadsticks!, Kick off your weekend with our Pork Shank or Cioppino, our specials for tonight., Thanks to the great folks over at Eater Boston for this nice little blurb on our new location!, Want to get a taste of Fiorella's but don't have the time to sit down at our Newton location? Or maybe it's just a take out night for the family! Our Fiorella's Express restaurants are conveniently located in Belmont, Brighton, and now: the new Cambridge location at 2401 Massachusetts Ave!, Chicken Madeira & Steak Tips for our specials tonight! Come on down and treat yourself to a well deserved meal!, Escape this dreary weather: tonight, our chefs are preparing wonderful Steak Tips as well as Chicken Piccata for our specials. Come join us for a traditional Italian meal!, On this Monday evening, our chefs have Chicken Florentine as well as Haddock Fra Diavlo as our entrée specials. For dessert, treat yourself to our Dream Bomba or Gelato!, Finish your weekend off strong. Tonight our chefs are preparing Seafood Rosé & Steak Tips for our specials. Check out this fiery picture from the kitchen!, Our specials this Saturday evening are: Lamb Osso Bucco & Swordfish Siciliano. As well as strawberry basil gelato for dessert!, It's Friday! Come celebrate with us! Treat yourself to our specials tonight: Lamb Osso Bucco & Swordfish Siciliano. And if you're cooking a meal for the family: make sure to pick up a can of our signature marinara sauce!, #ThrowbackThursday  Check out this great video from our owner, Remon, on how to craft yourself the perfect pizza., If you can't make it down tonight to enjoy our specials Flat Iron Tips & Seafood Puglia, head to our new Fiorella's Express location in Cambridge, now open!, Start off December on the right foot. Come down tonight and enjoy our specials: Flat Iron Tips & Seafood Puglia, Join us this Monday evening for a delight Italian meal. Our specials today are Italian Paella & Chicken Scaloppini, Come on down and cheer on the Pats! Our specials tonight are: Seafood Limon & Flat Iron Steak, Join us for some college football action at our lovely bar this Saturday afternoon, or take a seat at a table. Either or you can enjoy a beautifully prepared Italian meal. Our special's today are: Seafood Limon & Flat Iron Steak., Here are some good Thanksgiving fun facts for you!, Wishing you a  very #HappyThanksgiving from all of us here at Fiorella's. We're thankful for all of our lovely patrons, what are you thankful for?, On this snowy Thanksgiving eve, come enjoy a nicely prepared meal. Our specials this evening are: Veal Piccata & Chicken Oreganato, Coming along nicely in Cambridge! Some more recent pictures of the progress, almost there!, On this Tuesday evening, our specials are: Seafood Arrabiata & Chicken Francese, Come on down for dinner on this fine Monday. Our specials of the night are: Seafood Oreganato & Flat Iron Steak, New England Patriots win! Come celebrate with us on this Sunday night with our traditional Italian entrées!, Stop by on this chilly Saturday night. Let us warm you up with our specials: Seafood Oreganato & Veal Tuscano, It's the weekend! And to celebrate Chef Mike has some great specials planned for tonight! We have: Seafood Oreganato - fresh lobster, mussels and shrimp simmered in oregano white wine sauce & nice and juicy Flat Iron Steak served with bacon and infused with roasted potatoes. #Enjoy, We have Chicken Tomato Basil & Pork Tenderloin for the entrée specials tonight, After a long Monday at work, come down and let us cook you a meal. Start off with a salad, like those in the picture. And then you can treat yourself to our specials, Pork Tenderloin & Chicken Bianca. Then you can finish off your meal with a nice decadent dessert., The New England Patriots and Indianapolis Colts square off tonight at 8:30. Stop by before the game and enjoy some specials we have for you, such as: Seafood Puttanesca & Pork Tenderloin, It's Friday! Chef Mike is in the kitchen prepping for tonight's specials. Here you can see him preparing the Lamb Osso Bucco w/ sautéed rainbow chard. Our other special tonight is Mahi Mahi, Tonight's specials are: Veal Madeira & Seafood Fra Diavlo. For lunch tomorrow we have a salmon club sandwich served on a ciabatta roll with lettuce tomato Cajun tater sauce applewood smoked bacon and avocado served with fries, Thinking about lunch? Think Fiorella's. This afternoon we have some great specials for you. 
Beer Battered Haddock on a Iggy's ciabatta roll w/ remoulade sauce with lettuce and tomatoes

Mushroom and Prosciutto flat bread with fontina cheese and truffle oil, What a surprisingly warm late fall day! #HappyVeteransDay to all those who have served or are currently serving from us to you! Tonight's specials are: Veal Ragu & Seafood Fra Diavlo, enjoy!, Start your week off with us! After a long day at the office come relax with a traditionally prepared Italian meal. Tonight's specials are Seafood Florentine & Pork Tenderloin., Tonight specials are: Veal Ragu & Swordfish Florentine, Start your Saturday night out with us! Wherever you're headed tonight make a stop at Fiorellas! Our specials of the night are: Swordfish Florentine & Veal Ragu, Happy Friday!! Make it down tonight for a nice meal to start off your weekend. Tonight's specials are Swordfish Florentine & Pork Tenderloin! Don't forget about our delicious salads to begin your meal!, Want to get a taste of Fiorella's but don't have the time to sit down at our Newton location? Or maybe it's just a take out night for the family! Our Fiorella's Express restaurants are conveniently located in Belmont, Brighton, and now: the new Cambridge location at 2401 Massachusetts Ave!, On this lovely Wednesday evening our chefs are preparing Chicken Lorenzo & Seafood Fra Diavlo as our specials., After you hit the polls and cast your vote, come on down and enjoy a traditional meal. Our specials tonight are Pork Tenderloin & Seafood Fra Diavlo, New England Patriots are on at 4:25 and we'll be here this afternoon making delicious meals for you! Tonight specials are Chicken Florentine & Seafood Arrabbiata, Rainy Saturday... We've got something to cheer you up. Come join us tonight for dinner. Our specials tonight are: Veal Genovese & Seafood Arrabiata, Whats on tap for dinner? (Pun Intended) Come in to enjoy our specials: Chicken and Sausage Basilico tossed with spaghetti & Salmon Umbria tossed with arugula and finished with a balsamic glaze!, After a long day at work come unwind and enjoy a delicious Italian meal. Our specials of the night are Chicken and Sausage Basilico & Lobster Ravioli, Make yourself at home and take a look around with our virtual tour!, Saturday night out! Come join us and enjoy some of our varieties of wine! Tonights wine specials are:  Tortoise Creek Merlot/Clarksburg, Start your weekend the right way! Join us this evening for a traditional Italian meal. Our specials of the night are: Veal Braciole & Lobster Pie., On this Wednesday evening, our Chefs will be preparing delicious Chicken Cacciatore along with Veal Toscana for Entrée specials. Don't forget about the Seafood Bisque as well for the Soup Special., For our soup special tonight we have Seafood Bisque, along with Pistachio Gelato., #CustomerRepost from @_erikaleigh enjoying a nice glass of Kono Sauvingnon Blanc and a delicious Arancini. Post a picture next time you come in and tag us @fiorellasnewton on Instagram!, Tonights specials are: Chicken Pesto- Tender medallions of chicken sautéed with DePaquales sweet sausage and Scallops Limone- Pan seared seas called sautéed with asparagus, canalized onions and prosciutto!, End your weekend with us! For the specials our lovely chefs are preparing Pork Shank braised served with a butternut squash risotto and asparagus and Seafood Bianca served over linguini., Friday is finally here! Celebrate with us! Tonights specials are: Pork Osso Bucco & Seafood Bianca, Tomorrow's Friday, the New England Patriots are on tonight, and we have Veal Piccata & Chicken and Eggplant Marsala to go along with it. Could it get any better?, Let us help you get through your week! Have the best Wednesday ever with our specials: Tomato and Basil Haddock & Chicken Gorgonzola, Here's a behind the scenes look where our Chefs are preparing delicious salads. It looks like these three salads are ready for serving!, In 1492 Columbus sailed... to Fiorella's to taste flavorful entrées such as: Chicken Roma & Seafood Scampi! #HappyColumbusDay, On this Sunday night our Chefs are preparing Chicken Roma, but before you have that, you can enjoy our signature breadsticks!, Take a peek at our Seafood Bianca special from tonight! Our Chefs prepared this with fresh Lobster, Mussels, & Shrimp. Doesn't this make your mouth water?, Are you sad about the rainy Saturday? We've got something to cheer you up! Our decadent specials tonight include: Steak Gorgonzola & Seafood Bianca, Happy Long Weekend! Come on down and eat with us on this lovely Friday night! Our specials tonight are: Veal Abruzzi & Seafood Bianca, Cranberry Chicken & Seafood Bianca are tonights specials on this lovely October evening, In this Tuesday evening our chefs are preparing Chicken & Sausage Florentine as well as Calamari Puttanesca for our entrée specials, Chicken and Sausage florentine is tonight specials. Complimented by a Lemon Cherry Gelato for dessert., Do you think Brady and the Patriots have what it takes to get a win tonight after Monday's game? #NEvsCIN, Tonight our chefs are preparing 
Artichoke Crusted Strip Steak - shrimp, haddock, and onions, simmered in a spicy tomato sauce served over linguini
Halibut Filet - fresh halibut pan seared served with spaghetti squash with basil and roasted pearl onions. 

Now doesn't that get your mouth watering?, The special tonight is Halibut Filet as well as Artichoke Crusted Strip Steak, both wonderfully crafted by our chefs and for dessert give a try to our delicious Pumpkin Gelato., Our staff sampling tonights delicious Wine Special: Abigail Rose! Made with the Sauvignon blanc green grape variety that comes from the Bordeaux region of France, Check out our write up in Boston's Hidden Restaurants! , Beginning of October calls for something special! We have pumpkin pie gelato to go along with the fall theme! Enjoy!, Escape the rain tonight and come join us for dinner! Our specials tonight are Sausage Puglia & Shrimp and Calamari    Mediterranean, Our specials tonight are Veal Piccata &  Chicken Pizzaiola, If you could only use TWO words to describe Fiorella's, what would they be?, Thinking about a Sunday dinner? Come on down and enjoy traditional Italian entrées. For our soup special tonight, we have Seafood Chowder., The tables are set to serve you tonight on this lovely Saturday evening. Tonight, our chefs are preparing delicious Cioppino & Filet Mignon for the specials., Sitting at your desk thinking about dinner tonight, right? How does this look for a Friday night out?, Happy Wednesday! Almost there! Our specials tonight are Seafood Fra Diavlo & Maple Bourbon Pork, Start off your week with us! 
Our specials tonight are: Chicken Oregano & Sausage Alforno, Celebrate the Patriots victory with dinner tonight! Our specials of the evening are: Haddock Piccata & Chicken Gezabella, It's week 3! The New England Patriots take on the Raiders at 1pm today!, On this beautiful Mid-week evening we have Chopped Clams & Sausage Puglia for our specials, Tonight's specials are: Chopped clams & Chicken Madeira, For specials on this Monday evening we have Lobster Ravioli Bianca & Chicken Madeira, This Sunday evening for specials we have Seafood Putanesca & Chicken Napolitano complimented by our Creamy Tomato and Potato soup., Start your weekend with our delicious entrée specials including Seafood Ciopino &  Filet Mignon Au Poirve, Our entrée specials tonight are Sausage Carmine & Chicken Madeira, Tonight's specials are: 
Veal Florentine & Chicken Madeira, Seafood Bianca & Striped Bass Piccata are tonight's entrée specials, The day you have all been waiting for... the first Sunday of the NFL season. Catch the game at the bar while enjoying something off our menu!, Our specials this Saturday night are: Seafood Bianca & Striped Bass, Happy Friday! Start your weekend with us! We have Seafood Bianca & Striped Bass on tab for the specials tonight, On this beautiful September evening our chefs have Chicken Ambrossi & Salmon and Shrimp Lemoncello on the docket for specials, as well as many other traditional Italian Entrées, Tonight specials are Seafood Puttanesca & Chicken Lorenzo, For Labor Day dinner our Chefs have: Chicken Lorenzo & Haddock Fra Diavlo for the specials of the night!, Happy Labor Day from all of us here at Fiorella's!, Our specials tonight are:
Chicken Madeira
Tender medallions of boneless chicken breast, sautéed with diced tomatoes and kalamata olives in a garlic madeira-wine sauce tossed with penne and romano cheese 
 
Seafood Cioppino
Fresh lobster, shrimp and salmon, simmered in a white wine garlic sauce
with a touch of marinara and spice served over linguini, Hope everyone is enjoying the start of their Labor Day Weekend! Tonight we have refreshing Orange Gelato as a dessert special!, Come on down for your Friday night out! Our specials tonight are: Pork Shank & Seafood Scampi, Thinking about dinner? How does Pork Tenderloin & Chopped Clams sound- our specials of the night., Escape the heat to our cool dining room to enjoy our specials tonight: Haddock Cannellini & Chicken Madeira., Fresh Striped Bass & Rib-Eye for the entrée specials tonight!, Next time you make it in make sure you snap a picture of your meal and let us know what you think! Tag us @FiorellasNewton or use the hashtag #FiorellasNewton on Instagram. http://instagram.com/fiorellasnewton, For dessert tonight we have Salted Caramel Ice Cream Sandwiches for you!, In case you didn't see for yourself, here is a look at our beautifully prepared Striped Bass special from last night., We have some Extra-Special specials for you tonight, drumroll... Striped Bass & Rib-Eye!, The preparation of our Chocolate Soufflés the other night from the wine dinner. Can you say yum?, Dinner plans? Come enjoy tonight's specials: Chicken Pesto and Pork Ragu!, Beautiful night to come enjoy a sangria & our specials of the night: Pesto Chicken & Tilapia and Shrimp Florentine!, Treat yourself to our traditional entrees such as our specials tonight: Chicken Lorenzo & Salmon Genovese, Come enjoy our specials tonight: Chicken Abruzzi & Swordfish Scampi, prepared by our wonderful chefs., Our dinner specials are: Veal Scaloppini & Chicken Carbonara, Escape the rain this evening and join us for dinner. Tonight's specials are: Veal Scaloppini & Haddock Pomodoro, Come on in and take a look around the restaurant with our new panoramic tour! http://goo.gl/ZJRoyR, Remember to register for our Midsummer Wine Dinner on August 19th, featuring five traditional courses and five unique Terra d' Oro wines. Call 617-969-9990 to reserve your seat., Take a look at our specials of the night! Including Seafood Pomodoro, On this Friday night come to Fiorella's and enjoy our specials: Sole Granchio & T Bone Steak as well as many other traditional entrées., Tonight's specials are:
Sole Granchio
Roasted sole stuffed with crab meat served with roasted potatoes and
brussel sprouts finished with a seafood stock reduction
 
Chicken Amatriciana  
Medallions of chicken sautéed and simmered in a pancetta, onion, and
marinara sauce tossed with spaghetti

Both can be nicely complimented by our Wine specials: Terra D' Oro & Viognier, Sunday dinner plans? Come join us for our traditional entrées such as our specials tonight: Filet Mignon and Swordfish Puttanesca., Our wonderful chefs are preparing Swordfish Caponata & Filet Mignon for our specials tonight., Tonight come down and enjoy our specials: 
Seafood Florentine 
Fresh haddock, p.e.i. mussels and shrimp sautéed with diced tomatoes and fresh spinach
in a garlic wine sauce served over linguini
 
Chicken Scallopini  
Medallions of chicken sautéed with artichokes, asparagus and leeks
in a lemon wine sauce, tossed with penne, What is your favorite item on our menu?, Tonight's specials are Seafood Piccata & Surf and Turf, This evening our specials are:

Seafood Fra Diavlo 
   Fresh shrimp, scallops and p.e.i. mussels, simmered
in a spicy marinara sauce, served over linguini 
 
Rib-Eye Au Poivre
   Beef rib-eye encrusted with black peppercorns and pan seared, served with roasted potatoes
and asparagus finished with a mushroom brandy cream sauce 

For dessert treat yourself with our Old Fashioned Fudge Cake, Start off this Saturday evening with a Sparkling Saphire, one of our cocktail specials of the night, Tonight's specials are: 
Seafood Limon-Fresh rock shrimp, p.e.i. mussels, and scallops sautéed in a meyer lemon,
garlic-white wine sauce, served over a corn mushroom heirloom tomato risotto
 
Rib-Eye Au Poivre- Beef rib-eye encrusted with black peppercorns and pan seared, served with roasted potatoes
and asparagus finished with a mushroom brandy cream sauce

Enjoy these delicious entrées on our patio on this gorgeous Friday, Enjoy our specials Sicilian Haddock and Chicken Lorenzo carefully prepared by our Chefs, Come have tonight's specials: Pork Chop and Haddock Piccata, then cool down with our Cherry Sorbeto!, Our specials tonight are Chicken Florentine and Sicilian Haddock, Begin your weekend right with this beautiful weather and our specials of the night: Filet Mignon and Seafood Arrabiata, Make sure to follow us on 
Twitter: @FiorellasNewton http://bit.ly/1qHQUp7
Instagram: @FiorellasNewton http://bit.ly/1lRS7nE, Enjoy tonight's specials: Haddock Cannellini and Chicken Rosé wonderfully prepared by our Chefs, Start the week off right with our Soup Special: Chicken and Rice complimented by our entrée specials: Veal Sirloin or Striped Bass., Have a toast to the weekend tonight and enjoy our specials: Veal Sirloin and Striped Bass!, null, Hope you are enjoying the #WorldCup game. Come enjoy our specials tonight as well: Veal Soledad and Lobster Ravioli!, Tonights Entree Specials are:
    'Veal Soledad' - veal medallions w/ onions & english peas tossed w/ pappardelle & parm romano cheese

    'Haddock Fra Diavlo' - Haddack lightly fried & served with risotto and broccoli, finished with a spicy marinara sauce, Stay connected!
Follow us on:
Twitter: @ FiorellasNewton http://bit.ly/1qHQUp7
Instagram: @ FiorellasNewton http://bit.ly/1lRS7nE, null, We think breadsticks are the way to start any meal, just like a great meal should be the way to start an amazing weekend, and we'd love to have you join us for both!, Here at Fiorella's, we treat our guests as a part of our own family. Feel free to stop by for lunch or dinner and say hello to our chefs who work in an open kitchen right in the front of the restaurant as they prepare your favorite comfort foods as well as delicious dishes you've yet to try!, Let us celebrate you! 

Whether it's signing up for our birthday club (http://www.rmgmail.com/web/pcf/1w/1) or using your Loyalty card at any of our three locations, we'd love to have you as part of our family. For more information, visit our website or ask during your next visit., Peanut Butter Ice Cream Pie, Spring is just around the corner! What are you looking forward to with upcoming season?, Start your weekend off right tonight with our delicious Carne Trio Pizza - Pepperoni, imported prosciutto & sausage over our pizza sauce & mozzarella cheese~, Share Fiorella's tradition with your family & friends. You can purchase a Fiorella's Gift Card right off of our website here- 

http://www.fiorellasnewton.com/gift-cards, It's #NationalScallopsDay!   

Come celebrate with us and try our Scallops Lemoncello: Pan seared sea scallops with capers, vine ripe tomatoes, leeks, shallots & asparagus prepared in our unique lemoncello liqueur reduction with a hint of spice, served over risotto~, We are closed tonight for dinner, see you all tomorrow!, Learn how to make our delicious pizza sauce right at home! 

http://how2heroes.com/videos/soups-sauces/pizza-sauce, Hi everyone! Fiorella's & our Fiorella's Express restaurants will be closed for dinner tomorrow, March 10th~, Don't forget to spring your clocks FORWARD one hour before you go to bed tonight!, What is your favorite dessert to complete the perfect meal?, Salute~it's Friday! Celebrate the start to your weekend, with a soothing glass of wine or your favorite cocktail~, Did you know? Arancini, or “little oranges,” named from the rice balls’ appearance when they emerge from the deep fryer, are a traditional street food in Sicily dating back to the tenth century. They are deep fried balls of risotto stuffed with various fillings. What are some of your favorite Arancini fillings?, For those of you who don't eat meat and stick to "la verdura" (vegetables)~you'll love our Vegetarian Pizza -Onions, green peppers & mushrooms over our pizza sauce & mozzarella cheese, "Una cena senza vino e come un giorno senza sole" -Italian proverb. Translation: A meal without wine is like a day without sunshine~, We would love to celebrate you!

Join our famous Birthday Club to receive a postcard in the mail every year for your birthday, inviting you to enjoy a complimentary entrée of your choice. 

Not signed up yet? Do it here:

http://www.rmgmail.com/web/pcf/1w/1, Fiorella’s has something for everyone in your group! We make adjustments whenever we can for vegetarians. On your next visit, discuss our meatless options with your server~, Share Fiorella's tradition with your family and friends!

You can purchase a Gift Card right off of our website here- 

http://swipeit.com/product/320/fiorellas, Did you know Americans eat approximately 100 acres of pizza each day, or 350 slices per second? That's a lot of pie!, null, What a great day to celebrate National Margarita Day! Try our Skinny Rita, made with TyKu Citrus Liqueur, Sauza Silver Tequila, Triple Sec, sour mix & orange juice~, The weekend is here! Whether you're heading out for adventure or cozying up at home, tell us your plans (we hope they include a visit to Fiorella's)!, Fiorella's Signature Garlic Bread Sticks, Why wait for the weekend? Wind down with us tonight, over a relaxing glass of your favorite wine!, Have you redeemed you secret surprise?! Bring your unopened envelope to your server by February 28 to reveal your gift! 

Prizes include a free appetizer, entree, or dessert, $10 or $20 off your bill, or a gift card valued at $50, $100 or $500! Only your server can open your sealed surprise so no peeking or you'll void your prize., Warm up with a delicious martini tonight! Try our Dark Chocolate: Meletti Chocolate Liqueur, Old Monk Dark Rum with a splash of cream & swirl of chocolate~, "Fettucini alfredo is macaroni and cheese for adults."~ Mitch Hedburg. Come on in and try ours tonight!, Fiorella's & our Fiorella's Express locations will be closed for dinner. Stay warm everyone!, This Valentine's Day, celebrate your special someone with our Italian~inspired cuisine, prepared & served with love. From our zesty homemade sauce to our inventive entrees to our decadent desserts, our menu is a recipe for romance any night of the week!, Did you know? 

Arancini, or “little oranges,” named from the rice balls’ appearance when they emerge from the deep fryer, are a traditional street food in Sicily dating back to the tenth century., We are opening at 4PM today~warm up with us for dinner!, In Italy, there are no leftovers., Looking for a light lunch? Try our Salmon Niçoise Insalata:
herb encrusted salmon, roasted red peppers, green beans, grape tomatoes, avocado, kalamata olives, goat cheese & a hardboiled egg, served over mixed field greens & tossed in a citrus lemonette dressing~, Did you know? The world's fastest pizza maker can make THREE pizzas in 39.1 seconds!, Did you know? The oldest bottle of wine is roughly one thousand, six hundred & fifty years old. Salute!, Share Fiorella's tradition with your family and friends. You can purchase a Fiorella's Gift Card right off of our website here- http://www.fiorellasnewton.com/gift-cards, "Dining with one’s friends and beloved family is certainly one of life’s primal and most innocent delights, one that is both soul-satisfying and eternal” ~ Julia Child, Hosting a Superbowl party this weekend? Let us take care of the food! Fiorella’s offers an extensive in-house catering menu or can customize one to your liking:

http://www.fiorellasnewton.com/, "Una cena senza vino e come un giorno senza sole" ~Italian proverb. Translation: A meal without wine is like a day without sunshine., No Friday night plans? No such thing! We'll see you tonight for dinner~, Did you know? In ancient Greece, a dinner host would take the first sip of wine to assure guests the wine was not poisoned, hence the phrase “drinking to one’s health"~, What's your favorite Fiorella's sauce (Marinara? Alfredo? Tomato-Basil? Lemon-wine?) Tell us what makes it so tasty!!, 94 percent of Americans eat pizza regularly. Were you a part of the 94 percent this weekend?!, Love our food, but can't make it to our restaurant? Give us a call at one of our Fiorella's Express locations, & we'll deliver free to your door! Our Brighton Express delivers to Brighton, Allston, Newton Corner, Newton Center & Boston College. Our Belmont Express delivers to Belmont Watertown & parts of Cambridge & Waltham. Visit our website to learn more: 

http://fiorellasexpress.com/, Happy Friday! It is a perfect evening to be at Fiorella's enjoying a refreshing glass of wine and an authentic Italian meal. See you tonight~, "I will put Fiorella's signature marinara sauce up against any sauce, any where" - Remon Karian, Owner & President. Don't believe him? Come taste our marinara for yourself!

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2tXohckgPSQ, Weekends were made for indulgence! Too full for dessert or want something to accompany it? Try one of our after dinner drinks --Lemoncello • Grappa • Port • Brandy • Cognac • Sambuca. We also have coffee, espresso drinks, and a variety of organic teas~, Looking for a light lunch? Try our Tuna Insalata: Solid white Albacore Tuna mixed with lemon, capers, kalamata olives, pepperoncini & red onions served on a blend of romaine & arugula with avocado, cherry tomatoes, cucumber & a side of lemonette dressing~, Have you redeemed your Secret Surprise yet? To redeem your surprise gift, bring the UNOPENED envelope back to Fiorella’s and give it to your server between now & February 28, 2014., Have a birthday coming up? We would love to celebrate with you!

Join our famous Birthday Club to receive a postcard in the mail every year for your birthday, inviting you to enjoy a complimentary entrée of your choice. 

Not signed up yet? Do it here: 

http://www.rmgmail.com/web/pcf/1w/1, We can thank our forefather for MORE than just freedom. Thomas Jefferson brought a pasta making machine back to the states with him in 1789, when he returned to America after serving as ambassador to France~, Escape the cold weather & warm up with us tonight! Try our Dark Chocolate Martini: Meletti Chocolate Liqueur, Old Monk Dark Rum with a splash of cream & swirl of chocolate~, As a New Years Resolution, be more adventurous with your palette & try a new dish to eat!, Happy New Year! Those of you who received a “Secret Surprise” envelope can redeem them starting today until February 28th, 2014., Happy New Year! We will be open today at 4pm for dinner~, From our Family to yours, Happy New Year!, What is Your New Years Resolution? Ours is to continue providing our customers with delicious quality food~, We will be open during our regular business hours tomorrow, and open at 4pm for dinner on New Years Day., 2014 is almost here! Take time to enjoy this weekend & the next few days to complete any last minute goals before 2013 comes to a close~, We will be opening today at 4pm. See you for dinner!, We will be closing today at 4pm, & closed tomorrow, Christmas Day.

Happy Holidays!, Don't know what you give someone on your gift list? Everyone loves gift cards! Click here to purchase a Fiorella's Gift Card for those last minute presents! 

http://swipeit.com/product/320/fiorellas, Fiorella's and both Fiorella's Express locations will be closing tomorrow at 4pm. We will be closed on Wednesday, Christmas Day, and will be open at 4pm on Thursday, December 26th.  

Happy Holidays!, The classic Seinfeld episode that made Festivus, a holiday for the rest of us!

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=F73sMmb6CS0&feature=related, Have you gotten your Secret Surprise yet? 

Dine with us this month, and receive a “Secret Surprise” envelope that will include a special gift or discount! You could receive a free appetizer, entree, or dessert, $5, $10 or $20 off your bill, or a $50, $100 or $500 gift card to Fiorella’s.

From our Family to yours, Happy Holidays~, Escape the cold weather, and warm up with us tonight! Try our Pesce Alla Vodka: A seafood masterpiece of scallops, shrimp, haddock & baby clams prepared in a spicy vodka marinara sauce, with a touch of cream, served over fresh fettuccine~, Is your office having a Holiday Party this season? Fiorella’s would love to provide for it! Click here for more information on our catering services.

http://fiorellasnewton.com/, Spend your Monday with us, and get a surprise envelope! 

Guests that dine with us this month, will receive a “Secret Surprise” envelope that will include a special gift or discount. You could receive a free appetizer, entree, or dessert, $5, $10 or $20 off your bill, or a $50, $100 or $500 gift card to Fiorella’s. Mondays couldn't get better than this!, No meal is complete without dessert! Treat yourself to our Peanut Butter Pie this weekend: Peanut butter, vanilla ice cream & peanut butter cup blended together over chocolate~crumb pie crust, We would love to celebrate you! Join our famous Birthday Club, and we'll treat YOU to dinner~

http://www.rmgmail.com/web/pcf/1w/1, Don’t know what gift to get someone on your list? Everyone loves gift cards! Click here to purchase a Fiorella's Gift Card for those last minute presents! 

http://swipeit.com/product/320/fiorellas, Is your office having a Holiday Party this season? Fiorella’s would love to provide for it. Click here for more information on our catering services! 

http://fiorellasnewton.com/, Have you gotten your Secret Surprise yet? 

Dine with us this month, and receive a “Secret Surprise” envelope that will include a special gift or discount! You could receive a free appetizer, entree, or dessert, $5, $10 or $20 off your bill, or a $50, $100 or $500 gift card to Fiorella’s., Buona Sera means "good evening" or "goodnight". Spend a good evening with us at Fiorella's. Inspiration from Italy, hospitality from the heart~  

https://www.google.com/url?sa=t&source=web&cd=3&ved=0CDMQtwIwAg&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.youtube.com%2Fwatch%3Fv%3DAwDP_NYYa4c&ei=EOGoUuOfIuG8yAG-soH4BA&usg=AFQjCNF2LKY-9hUNBJddcelQspcykdkWKw, What a winter wonderland! 

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=T262ef9AFJ0&list=PL2VfTDG-OhlmCDHQGVRx4N15lgLs5SzTC, Did you know you could make a reservation for Fiorella’s Italian Restaurant online? Use this link to reserve your table today! http://fiorellasnewton.com/, Today is the last day of our gift card promotion! Stop by Fiorella's & Fiorella's Express today to get a free gift card! We are offering a free $20 gift card for every $100 gift card purchased. The promotion is valid both in-restaurant, and online! If you can’t make it to our restaurant, visit us at www.fiorellasexpress.com or www.fiorellasnewton.com to purchase a gift card.

From our family to yours, Happy Holidays~, “SHARE” this post if you remember the classic Seinfeld episode that made Festivus...a holiday for the rest of us!

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=F73sMmb6CS0&feature=related, Give the gift of food!

Stop by Fiorella's & Fiorella's Express between now and Sunday, December 8th to get a free gift card! We are offering a free $20 gift card for every $100 gift card purchased. The promotion is valid both in-restaurant, and online! If you can’t make it to our restaurant this week, visit us at www.fiorellasexpress.com or www.fiorellasnewton.com to purchase a gift card.

From our family to yours, Happy Holidays~, We’re getting into the Christmas Spirit here at Fiorella’s! Listen to Frank Sinatra’s classic version of “The Christmas Song”.

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HC2PF9r9Nhs, Buy a gift card, & get one for free! 

Running this week through Sunday, December 8th, Fiorella's and Fiorella's Express are offering a gift card promotion: receive a free $20 gift card for every $100 gift card purchased. The promotion is valid both in-restaurant, and online! If you can’t make it to our restaurant this week, visit us at www.fiorellasexpress.com or www.fiorellasnewton.com to purchase a gift card.

From our family to yours, Happy Holidays~, And the gifts keep coming! 

When you dine with us during the month of December, you will be presented with a “Secret Surprise”.  You could receive a free appetizer, entree, or dessert, $5, $10 or $20 off your bill, or a $50, $100 or $500 gift card to Fiorella’s! To redeem your surprise gift, bring the UNOPENED envelope back to Fiorella’s and give it to your server between January 1, 2014 and February 28, 2014. If the envelope is previously opened, the gift will be voided.

Come to Fiorella’s and grab a bite to eat, so you could kick off 2014 with a holiday treat!, Buy a gift card, & get one for free! 

Starting TODAY  and running through
Sunday, December 8th, Fiorella's and Fiorella’s Express are offering a gift card promotion: receive a free $20 gift card for every $100 gift card purchased. The promotion is valid
both in-restaurant, and online! If you can’t make it to our restaurant this week, visit us at fiorellasexpress.com or fiorellasnewton.com to purchase a gift card.

From our family to yours, Happy Holidays~, Did you know? The states that consume the most wine are California, New York, and Florida~, Keep the Holiday spirit going this weekend, & join us for dinner tonight!, Fiorella's and our Fiorella's Express restaurants will be closed tomorrow for Thanksgiving. We will re-open on Friday, the 29th. Have a wonderful Thanksgiving!, We can thank our forefather for MORE than just freedom!  Did you know? Thomas Jefferson brought a pasta making machine back to the states with him in 1789, when he returned to America after serving as ambassador to France~, It's going to be chilly tonight! Warm up with us, and try our Dark Chocolate Martini: Meletti Chocolate Liqueur, Old Monk Dark Rum with a splash of cream & swirl of chocolate~, Add some Italian zest to your Thanksgiving dinner, with these great appetizers: 

http://www.tasteofhome.com/recipes/cuisine/italian-recipes/italian-appetizers, Just because you're watching your carbs doesn't mean you have to limit flavor and satisfaction! Try our pasta-free eggplant parmesan. http://web1.how2heroes.com/videos/entrees/eggplant-parmigiana, Kick off at 8:40, let's go Pats!, Did you know? The oldest bottle of wine is roughly one thousand, six hundred, and fifty years old. Salute!, Tonight's Specials

VINO
Liberty School
Cabernet Sauvignon/Paso Robles   9/34

BIRRA
Post Road
Pumpkin Ale/New York   6 

ZUPPA
Lentil   3/5

ENTRÉES
Poll Al Forno
Tender medallions of chicken breast sautéed with sweet italian sausage, mushrooms 
and artichokes prepared in our marinara sauce
 tossed with tri-colored tortellini and grated cheese, topped mozzarella cheese 18

Pesce Ambrossi
P.E.I mussels, haddock and shrimp, prepared with plum tomatoes and diced asparagus
 in a lemon wine sauce, tossed with linguini and grated cheese 26
 
DOLCI
Dream Bomba
Peanut butter gelato with a caramel center, covered with a chocolate shell   7

Chocolate Fondant Cake 8
  
GELATO
Apple Pie   2, Let us help with Thanksgiving dinner! We offer a number of great side dishes to go with turkey www.fiorellasnewton.com/catering, Looking for something light tonight? Our Roasted Beet Salad made with arugula & roasted beets, tossed with a raspberry white balsamic vinaigrette & topped with goat cheese is the perfect dinner solution~, Tonight's Specials

VINO
Liberty School
Cabernet Sauvignon/Paso Robles   9/34

BIRRA
Post Road
Pumpkin Ale/New York   6
 
ZUPPA
Potato   3/5

ENTRÉES
Chicken Pomodoro
Tender medallions of chicken breast sautéed with diced tomato in a garlic white wine sauce with a touch of marinara, tossed with tri-colored tortellini topped with romano cheese   18

Seafood Puttanesca
P.E.I mussels, haddock, and shrimp sautéed with capers and kalamata olives 
in a spicy tomato-basil sauce tossed with penne and grated cheese   24
 
DOLCI
Dream Bomba
Peanut butter gelato with a caramel center, covered with a chocolate shell   7

GELATO
Apple Pie   2, We would love to celebrate you! When you join Fiorella's Birthday Club, we'll treat to you dinner! Not a member yet? Sign up here: 

http://www.rmgmail.com/web/pcf/1w/1, Weekends were made for indulgence! Too full for dessert or want something to accompany it? Try one of our after dinner drinks --Lemoncello • Grappa • Port • Brandy • Cognac • Sambuca. We also have coffee, espresso drinks, and a variety of organic teas., Tonight's Specials

VINO
Liberty School
Cabernet Sauvignon/Paso Robles   9/34

ZUPPA
Minestrone   3/5

ENTRÉES
Creamy Chicken Marsala
Tender chicken medallions sautéed with mushrooms and roasted red peppers 
in a creamy marsala sauce tossed with linguini and grated cheese   17
 
Mahi Mahi
Fresh mahi mahi filet, pan seared with grape tomatoes, artichoke hearts 
and diced asparagus in a spicy, light, pomodoro sauce, served with risotto 
and roasted seasonal vegetables   21
 
DOLCI
Limoncello Mascarpone Cake
Layered cake filled with a limoncello mascarpone cream 
topped with white chocolate shavings   7

GELATO
Apple Pie   2

SORBETTO
Strawberry Stracciatella   2, Gelato was originally created in Sicily during the 16th century by Florence native, Bernardo Buontalenti. Now, Italy holds over 35,000 ice cream shops, selling creamy ice cream, gelato, and refreshing sorbet. Try out Fiorella's 'Gelato del Giorno' today~, Tonight's Specials

VINO
Alois Legeder
Pinot Bianco/Italy   9/34

ZUPPA
Chicken Vegetable  3/5

ENTRÉES
Chicken Florentine
Tender medallions of chicken sautéed with diced tomato, 
 and spinach in a garlic-cream sauce tossed with tri-colored tortellini  18
 
Seared Pork Chop
12 oz pork chop seared and topped with a sweet madeira-cream sauce with onions 
and roasted red peppers, served with mashed potatoes and broccoli   21
 
DOLCI
Limoncello Mascarpone Cake
Layered cake filled with a limoncello mascarpone cream 
topped with white chocolate shavings   7

GELATO
Cookies & Cream   2

SORBETTO
Strawberry Stracciatella   2, Fiorella’s has got something for everyone in your group! We make adjustments whenever we can for vegetarians. On your next visit, discuss our meatless options with your server~, Happy Friday! It is a perfect evening to be at Fiorella's enjoying a refreshing glass of wine and an authentic Italian meal. See you tonight!, Last night's game was incredible! Congratulations Boston Red Sox!, It's just about Game time! Let's go Sox!!!, Tonight's Specials

VINO
Alois Legeder
Pinot Bianco/Italy   9/34

ZUPPA
Chicken Barley   3/5

ENTRÉES
Beef Braciole
Braised tender beef stuffed with roasted red peppers, seasoned bread crumbs, pepperoni
and a blend of imported cheeses, topped with our signature marinara sauce 
and served with mashed potatoes and broccoli florets   19
 
Seafood Cioppino
Fresh haddock, shrimp, calamari and baby clams simmered in a spicy pomodoro sauce 
with fresh herbs, served over linguini   25

DOLCI
Chocolate Lava Cake   8
Served warm, with a scoop of vanilla gelato, fresh whipped cream and chocolate sauce 

GELATO
Pumpkin Pie   2

SORBETTO
Strawberry Stracciatella   2, Did you know? Pasta is often highly textured and intricately shaped because that makes it better at holding onto sauces. Linguine-which means "little tongues" in Italian-is traditionally paired with seafood or pesto~, What better way to spend your Monday, than by celebrating National Chocolate Day?! Treat yourself to our Flourless Chocolate Cake: a rich, warm, flourless, fudge chocolate brownie, served with a scoop of vanilla gelato & fresh whipped cream~, Tonight's Specials

VINO
Alois Legeder
Pinot Bianco/Italy   9/34

COCKTAIL
Pumpkin Spice Martini
Pumpkin spice vodka, baileys, cream 
and cinnamon sugar  9 

ZUPPA
Chicken Barley 3/5

ENTRÉES
Tilapia & Shrimp Française
Fresh tilapia filet and shrimp dipped in an egg batter and pan seared
 in a lemon white wine sauce, served with risotto and asparagus  23
 
Chicken Arrabiata
Tender medallions of chicken breast sautéed with pancetta, capers and shallots
 in a spicy marinara sauce tossed with tri-color cheese tortellini  18

DOLCI
Chocolate Lava Cake   8
 
GELATO
Pumpkin Pie   2

SORBETTO
Strawberry Stracciatella   2, Just because you're watching your carbs doesn't mean you have to limit flavor and satisfaction! Try our pasta-free eggplant parmesan:

http://web1.how2heroes.com/videos/entrees/eggplant-parmigiana, 94 percent of Americans eat pizza regularly. Were you a part of the 94 percent this weekend?!, Come grab a seat at our bar for Game 3 tonight and catch the game with us! Go Red Sox!, Today is #NationalPumpkinDay! Get festive, & try some of these great pumpkin recipes to treat yourself to! 

http://blog.foodnetwork.com/fn-dish/2013/10/best-pumpkin-recipes/, Happy Friday!

Take a break from cooking duty tonight and come in for a relaxing dinner. Try our Autumn Harvest Agnolotti: Crescent~shaped ravioli filled with roasted butternut squash, pumpkin, sweet potato & a hint of amaretto liqueur, prepared in a sherry~cream sauce with green peas & diced vine ripe tomatoes~, Tonights Specials

VINO
Alois Legeder
Pinot Bianco/Italy   9/34

BIRRA
Cisco Pumpkin
Pumple Drumkin Ale/Ma  6 

ZUPPA
Minestrone 3/5

APPETIZER
Lemon-Rosemary Shrimp
Seared in our wood-fired oven and served in a cast-iron skillet  12

ENTRÉES
Lobster Fra Diavlo
Fresh lobster simmered in a spicy marinara sauce with dutch style mussels 
and chopped asparagus, served on a bed of fresh fettuccine  29

Shortribs Milanaise
Tender beef shortribs braised in a red wine and tomato beef stock with pearl onions
 carrots and celery, served with mashed potatoes and broccoli florets   24 

DOLCI
Limoncello Mascarpone Cake   7
 
GELATO
Pumpkin Pie   2

SORBETTO
Strawberry Stracciatella  2, Happy World Pasta Day! Check out this recipe for one of our favorite pasta dishes: http://how2heroes.com/videos/entrees/chicken-broccoli-alfredo, It's almost game time! Go Sox!, Did you know? The wine chianti was originally associated with a squat bottle enclosed in a straw basket, called a "fiasco" (flask)~, Did you know? In ancient Greece, a dinner host would take the first sip of wine to assure guests the wine was not poisoned, hence the phrase “drinking to one’s health"~, Congratulations to the #redsox! World Series, here we come!, No Saturday night plans? No such thing. We'll see you tonight!, Happy Friday! It is a perfect evening to be at Fiorella's enjoying a refreshing glass of wine and an authentic Italian meal. See you tonight!, Tonight's Specials

VINO
Alois Legeder
Pinot Bianco/Italy   9/34

BIRRA
Cisco Pumpkin
Pumple Drumkin Ale/Ma  6 

ZUPPA
New England Clam Chowder  4/6

ENTRÉES
Pesce Genovese
Fresh lobster, shrimp, bay scallops and mussels simmered in a creamy pesto sauce 
with tomatoes and asparagus, tossed with tri-color tortellini and romano cheese   29
 
Steak Diane
10 oz coulotte steak seared to your liking and finished in a brandy-cream sauce with leeks mushrooms and shallots, served with mashed potatoes and asparagus   24

DOLCI
Limoncello Truffle  
Frozen lemon cream, with a heart of limoncello and covered with crushed lemon-meringue   7

GELATO
White Chocolate with Cranberry   2

SORBETTO
Cranberry Orange   2, Try our marinara sauce with this great vegetable lasagna recipe! 
http://www.foodnetwork.com/recipes/giada-de-laurentiis/individual-vegetable-lasagnas-recipe/index.html, Throwing a Halloween Party? Let's us take care of the food! 

http://fiorellasnewton.com/?slide=private-dining-divider, How about a Supreme pizza for dinner tonight?! Made with
Pepperoni, imported prosciutto, green peppers, mushrooms & onions over our pizza sauce & mozzarella cheese~, Happy National Dessert Day! Head over to Fiorella's & celebrate with our Peanut Butter Ice Cream Pie: Peanut butter, vanilla ice cream & peanut butter cup blended together over chocolate~crumb pie crust~, Did you know? The world's fastest pizza maker can make THREE pizzas in 39.1 seconds!, Happy Friday! Come kick-off the weekend and bring your friends over for a delicious dinner. Try the Antipasti Mixto: a sampling of three of our delicious appetizers – Toasted Ravioli, Stuffed Peppers Parmigiana & Calamari Fritti, served with a side of Fiorella’s signature marinara sauce~, Tonights Specials

VINO
Alois Legeder
Pinot Bianco/Italy   9/34

BIRRA
Smuttynose Pumpkin
Ale/New Hampshire   6 

ZUPPA
Roasted Butternut & Pumpkin 3/5

ENTRÉES
Lemon Sole Filet
Fresh lemon sole filet, prepared with plum tomatoes, peas and artichoke hearts
 in a citrus-wine reduction, served with a barley-orzo pilaf and broccoli florets 23
 
Creamy Chicken Madeira
Tender medallions of chicken breast with spicy italian sausage, roasted red peppers
 and mushrooms in a madeira cream sauce, tossed with penne and grated cheese 18

DOLCI
Chocolate Lava Cake
Served ala mode with vanilla gelato, chocolate sauce and fresh whipped cream   8 
 
GELATO
White Chocolate With Cranberry   2

SORBETTO
Cranberry Orange  2, Join Remon for a peek inside our kitchen to see how our delicious dishes come to life!

http://fiorellasnewton.com/home-away-from-home/, Tonight's Specials
 
VINO
Alois Legeder
Pinot Bianco/Italy   9/34

BIRRA
Smuttynose Pumpkin
Ale/New Hampshire   6 

ZUPPA
Roasted Butternut Squash & Pumpkin 3/5

ENTRÉES
Scallops & Shrimp Genovese
Sea scallops and shrimp prepared with diced tomatoes, peas and artichoke hearts 
in a pesto cream sauce, tossed with linguini and grated romano cheese   25
 
Cranberry & Port Chicken
Tender chicken cutlet topped with a port wine reduction made with cranberries
 and mushrooms served with risotto and asparagus   17

DOLCI
Cranberry-Orange Cheesecake
Garnished with fresh raspberry sauce and whipped cream   7

GELATO
Dulce de Leche   2

SORBETTO
Cranberry Orange  2, Have a birthday coming up? Sign up for our Birthday Club, and we'll make you a home~cooked meal! 

http://www.rmgmail.com/web/pcf/1w/1, Got a case of the Mondays? Take a break from slaving over the stove and come in for a relaxing dinner at Fiorella’s. Try our Chicken Parmigiana made with home~made chicken cutlets, covered in our Fiorella's signature marinara sauce, topped with mozzarella cheese over linguini., Tonight's Specials

VINO
Alois Legeder
Pinot Bianco/Italy   9/34

BIRRA
Smuttynose Pumpkin
Ale/New Hampshire   6 

ZUPPA
Tomato Rice  3/5

ENTRÉES
Haddock & Shrimp Pomodoro
Fresh haddock and shrimp prepared with diced tomatoes in a garlic white-wine sauce
 with a touch of marinara, served over linguini and topped with romano cheese   23
 
Chicken Lorenzo
Tender medallions of chicken breast sautéed in a garlic marsala wine reduction 
with roasted red peppers, broccoli and prosciutto tossed with penne   19

DOLCI
Cranberry-Orange Cheesecake
Garnished with fresh raspberry sauce and whipped cream   7
 
GELATO
Dulce De Leche   2

SORBETTO
Cranberry Orange  2, The best part about Fall is that Sundays and Mondays are no longer spent dreading the work week! Join us at our bar to catch your favorite teams this season~, What's October without pumpkin pie? Learn how to make this amazing dessert with Paula Dean! 

http://www.foodnetwork.com/recipes/paula-deen/pumpkin-pie-recipe/index.html, Happy Friday! It is a perfect evening to be at Fiorella's enjoying a refreshing glass of wine and an authentic Italian meal. See you tonight!, Nearly 1.9 million tons of pasta is produced in the United States each year. That’s a whole lot of pasta! Tell us, what’s your favorite type of pasta?, Watch our very own Remon Karian as he guides you in making the ultimate Fiorella's Osso Bucco Milanese!

http://how2heroes.com/videos/entrees/osso-bucco-milanese, October is Italian culture month! Share with us your favorite foods, artist, music and more!, It’s Friday! Salute to finishing yet another work week with one of our cocktails like the New Fashioned, made with Redemption Rye Whiskey, Luxardo Maraschino Liqueur, muddled orange & bitters with a splash of soda water & a cherry~, Tonights Specials

VINO
Alois Legeder
Pinot Bianco/Italy   9/34

BIRRA
Uinta
Punk’n Ale/Utah   6 

ZUPPA
Creamy Vegetable 3/5

ENTRÉES
Pesce Lazario
A delicious blend of lobster, shrimp, bay scallops, and mussels sautéed in a garlic-wine reduction with broccoli and tomatoes, tossed with tri-color tortellini, 
romano cheese and a touch of pesto   30
 
Seared Pork Chop
Tender 12 oz pork chop pan-seared and topped with a sweet madeira-cream sauce with roasted red peppers and mushrooms, served with oven-roasted potatoes and asparagus   24

DOLCI
Dream Bomba 
Peanut butter gelato with a caramel center covered in a chocolate shell   7 

GELATO
Pumpkin Pie   2  

SORBETTO
Strawberry with Chocolate   2, Did you know? The oldest bottle of wine is roughly one thousand, six hundred, and fifty years old. Salute!, "A tavola non si invecchia." ~Italian Proverb. Translation: At the table, one does not grow old., Just because you're watching your carbs doesn't mean you have to limit flavor and satisfaction! Try our pasta-free eggplant parmesan~ http://web1.how2heroes.com/videos/entrees/eggplant-parmigiana, Tonight's Specials

VINO
Alois Legeder
Pinot Bianco/Italy   9/34

BIRRA
Uinta
Punk’n Ale/Utah   6 

ZUPPA
Minestrone  3/5

ENTRÉES
Cranberry-Port Chicken
Tender chicken cutlet topped with honey port wine reduction with dried cranberries
 and mushrooms, served with mashed potatoes and asparagus   17
 
Seafood Bianca
Fresh haddock, shrimp and scallops sautéed with tomatoes, onions and spinach
 in a garlic wine sauce with a touch of spice, served over risotto   26
 
DOLCI
Chocolate Lava Cake   8
  
GELATO
Pumpkin Pie   2  

SORBETTO
Strawberry with Chocolate   2, Did you know? The states that consume the most wine are California, New York, and Florida, 94 percent of Americans eat pizza regularly. Were you a part of this 94 percent this weekend?!, Tonights Special

VINO
Ascheri
Nebbiolo D’Alba/Italy   10/38

BIRRA
Uinta
Punk’n Ale/Utah   6 

ZUPPA
Zuppa di Pesce   4/6

ENTRÉES
Lamb Osso Bucco
Tender lamb shank braised with pearl onions, carrots and celery in a port wine-tomato reduction, served with mashed red bliss potatoes and steamed broccoli florets   24
 
Pesce Lazario
Lobster meat, sea scallops, shrimp and mussels simmered with tomatoes 
and asparagus in a garlic white wine sauce with a touch of pesto
 tossed with linguini and grated cheese   29
 
DOLCI
Limoncello Mascarpone Cake   7

GELATO
Mint Stracciatella   2

SORBETTO
Coconut   2, Happy Friday! Come kick-off the weekend and bring your friends over for a delicious dinner. Try the Antipasto Plate: Salami picante, mortadella, imported prosciutto, parmigiana reggiano cheese, marinated artichoke hearts, kalamata olives, eggplant confit & roasted red pepper, Chocolate-Hazelnut Ravioli will make for a great Wednesday night snack! http://www.foodnetwork.com/recipes/giada-de-laurentiis/chocolate-hazelnut-ravioli-recipe/index.html, Have any friends or family attending Boston College? Treat them to a Fiorella's gift card, and our Fiorella's Express in Brighton will deliver free to their dorm! http://swipeit.com/product/320/fiorellas, Tonights Specials

COCKTAIL
Redemption
Redemption rye, Campari, muddled orange and cherry topped with soda 9

VINO
Ascheri
Nebbiolo D’Alba/Italy  11/40 

ZUPPA
Chicken Noodle 3/5

ENTRÉES
Chicken Florentine
Tender strips of boneless chicken breast sautéed with spinach and diced tomatoes
 in a garlic cream sauce tossed with linguine 18
 
Steak Tip Pizzaiola
Tender beef tips sautéed with onion, green and red peppers
in a tomato-basil sauce tossed with penne pasta and baked with mozzarella 20
 
DOLCI
Boston Cream Pastry
Served with vanilla bean gelato and fresh whipped cream 7
 
GELATO
Boston Cream Pie 2

SORBETTO
Coconut 2, Have an event or special occasion coming up? We would love to help make it a success! Fiorella's offers an extensive in~house catering menu or can customize one to your liking. All in~house catering entrées include our famous Garlic Bread Sticks with Fiorella’s signature marinara sauce, Toasted Ravioli, and a small house salad. Call for more information~, Buona Sera means "good evening" or "good night". Spend a good evening with us at Fiorella's. Inspiration from Italy. Hospitality from the Heart~

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7qr91dJvbqs, Tonights Specials

COCKTAIL
Orange Cream Martini
Vanilla and orange vodka, orange juice
and a splash of cream  9

VINO
Ascheri
Nebbiolo D’Alba/Italy  11/40 

ZUPPA
Clam Chowder  4/6

ENTRÉES
Halibut
Fresh halibut filet pan-seared and finished in a lemon-wine reduction with tomatoes cannellini beans and capers, served with rice pilaf and asparagus 26
 
Steak Au Poivre
10 oz. coulotte steak rubbed in cracked black pepper, pan-seared 
and finished in a brandy-cream sauce with mushrooms and shallots
 served with mashed potatoes and broccoli florets 24

DOLCI
Chocolate Lava Cake
Served warm with fresh whipped cream and vanilla gelato 8, Kickoff at 8:25! Go Pats!, Have dinner with us tonight, and try our Espressotini: Stoli Vanilla Vodka, Kahlua, Baileys & a shot of espresso~, Tonights Specials

COCKTAIL
Pumpkin Spice Martini
Spiced pumpkin vodka, irish cream 
and a splash of milk   9

VINO
di Lenardo
Pinot Grigio/Friuli, Italy    8/30 

ZUPPA
Split Pea & Ham 3/5

ENTRÉES
Seafood Cioppino
Fresh haddock, sea scallops, shrimp, calamari and baby clams, 
simmered in a spicy pomodoro sauce, served over linguini   26
 
Steak Tip Pizzaiola
Tender beef medallions, pan seared with mushrooms, onions, green and red peppers, 
prepared in a tomato-basil sauce tossed with penne 
topped with melted mozzarella cheese    22

DOLCI
Cherry Cheesecake
Served with fresh whipped cream and raspberry sauce    7

GELATO
Boston Cream Pie 2 

SORBETTO
Mixed Berries   2, "Una cena senza vino e come un giorno senza sole" ~Italian proverb. Translation: A meal without wine is like a day without sunshine., Can’t decide what you want for lunch? Let us help! Swing by Fiorella's to enjoy homemade soup and a fresh salad~, Tonight's Specials

BIRRA
Dogfish Head Punkin Ale
Craft/Delaware   6

VINO
di Lenardo
Pinot Grigio/Friuli, Italy    9/34 

ZUPPA
Spicy Sausage   3/5

ENTRÉES
Mahi Mahi
Fresh mahi mahi filet pan seared with tomatoes, cannellini beans and artichoke hearts 
in a creamy limoncello reduction with a hint of spice served with risotto and asparagus   23
 
Chicken & Sausage Genovese
Tender strips of boneless chicken breast sautéed with hot italian sausage 
 roasted red peppers and peas, prepared in a pesto cream sauce 
tossed with penne pasta and grated cheese   18

DOLCI
Coffee Truffle
Coffee ice cream with a heart of coffee and coated in coffee crusted meringue   7

GELATO
Lemon   2 

SORBETTO
Mixed Berries   2, Busy day and no time to cook tonight? Let us handle dinner. Our Fusilli Bolognese made with braised ground beef, veal & pork simmered with diced carrots, onions & crushed tomatoes, & tossed tossed with our fusilli pasta is the perfect way to end the day!, Tonights Specials

BIRRA
Dogfish Head Punkin Ale
Craft/Delaware   6

VINO
di Lenardo
Pinot Grigio/Friuli, Italy    9/34 

ZUPPA
Lentil 3/5

ENTRÉES
Seafood Calabria
Sea scallops, shrimp, haddock and calamari, simmered in a spicy plum tomato-basil sauce with broccoli florets, roasted red and green peppers, served over a bed of risotto   26
 
Cranberry Chicken
Tender breaded chicken cutlet, topped with a port wine reduction with mushrooms
 and cranberries, served with mashed potatoes and roasted vegetables   17

DOLCI
Chocolate Fondant Cake   7

GELATO
Lemon   2 

SORBETTO
Mixed Berries   2, We hope everyone is having a great Labor Day!, We will be closed for lunch tomorrow, but will be open for dinner. Have a wonderful Labor Day!, Did you know? Arancini, or “little oranges,” named from the rice balls’ appearance when they emerge from the deep fryer, are a traditional street food in Sicily dating back to the tenth century., Make quick & healthy mini-pizzas this weekend to entertain friends & family or to satisfy the kids. Simply use wheat pita bread, a jar of Fiorella's Signature Marinara, and shredded cheese of your liking. Bake on 400 degrees until cheese has fully melted. Cut, Serve, & Enjoy~, Happy National #CabernetDay! We'll see you tonight to celebrate~, Tonight's Specials

BIRRA
Sankaty Light
Craft/Nantucket   5

COCKTAIL
Mai Tai
Bacardi, triple sec, orgeat syrup, 
and fresh lime juice    9 

ZUPPA
Fish Chowder   4/6

APPETIZER
Seared Scallops
Twin u-10 scallops seared to perfection and finished in a garlic-cream sauce 
with chopped marcona almonds and a touch of citrus   13

ENTRÉES
Pesce Paella
Fresh lobster, bay scallops, shrimp and mussels simmered in a spicy fish and tomato broth with chorizo sausage, peppers, onions and sweet peas, tossed with risotto 
and baked with romano cheese   29
 
Filet Mignon
8 oz. beef tenderloin pan-seared and topped with a gorgonzola cream sauce with mushrooms and roasted red peppers, served with mashed potatoes and asparagus   26
Add a pan-seared u-10 scallop for a delicious surf & turf    31

DOLCI
Key Lime Cheesecake   7
 
GELATO
Coffee Stracciatella   2 

SORBETTO
Mixed Berries   2, Looking for a light lunch? Try our Salmon Niçoise: Herb encrusted salmon, roasted red peppers, green beans, grape tomatoes, avocado, kalamata olives, goat cheese & a hardboiled egg, served over mixed field greens & tossed in a citrus lemonette dressing~, Tonights Specials

BIRRA
Sankaty Light
Nantucket   5

COCKTAIL
Roy Rogers Sr.
Cherry flavored whiskey 
topped off with cola  8 

ZUPPA
Tomato Barley  3/5

ENTRÉES
Scallops & Shrimp Genovese 
Sea scallops & shrimp, pan seared with asparagus, cherry tomatoes and artichokes prepared in a pesto cream sauce, tossed with linguini & grated cheese 26
 
Chicken & Cranberry Gorgonzola
Tender breaded chicken cutlet, prepared with mushrooms and dried cranberries 
in a port wine reduction, topped with gorgonzola cheese
accompanied with mashed potatoes and roasted vegetables 18

DOLCI
Key Lime Cheesecake 7

GELATO
Dulce de Leche   2 

SORBETTO
Mixed Berries   2, Our Executive Chef, Earl Quinn shows you how to make the perfect Chicken Broccoli Alfredo. It's the perfect weeknight dinner!

http://web1.how2heroes.com/videos/entrees/chicken-broccoli-alfredo, Monday's got the best of you? Come wind down with us tonight!, Tonights Specials

BIRRA
Sankaty Light
Nantucket   5

MARTINI
Hendrick’s Refresher
Hendrick’s gin, muddled cucumber 
fresh basil and lemon  9 

ZUPPA
Tomato Barley  3/5

ENTRÉES
Lobster Ravioli Bianca
Fresh lobster meat and ricotta filled ravioli sautéed with diced tomato
and onions in a garlic white wine sauce   18
 
Chicken Mykonos
Tender strips of boneless chicken breast sautéed with sun-dried tomatoes,
 artichoke hearts, and kalamata olives in a garlic-wine reduction 
served on a bed of risotto and topped with feta cheese   18

DOLCI
Key Lime Cheesecake   8

GELATO
Dulce de Leche   2 

SORBETTO
Mixed Berries   2, Fiorella's offers a FREE dinner on your birthday! Not signed up for our Birthday Club yet? Do it here: http://www.rmgmail.com/web/pcf/1w/1, Share Fiorella's tradition with your family and friends! You can purchase a Fiorella's Gift Card right off of our website here- http://swipeit.com/product/320/fiorellas, Tiramisu is Italian for "pick me up". Have you had yours today?, Fiorella’s has got something for everyone in your group! We make adjustments whenever we can for vegetarians. On your next visit, discuss our meatless options with your server~, Have an event or special occasion coming up? We would love to help make it a success! Fiorella's offers an extensive in~house catering menu or can customize 
one to your liking. All in~house catering entrées include our famous 
Garlic Bread Sticks with Fiorella’s signature marinara sauce, Toasted 
Ravioli, and a small house salad. Call for more information~, http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=H2yigM_P_1U&feature=related    
Buona Sera means "good evening" or "good night".  Spend a good evening with us at Fiorella's. Inspiration from Italy. Hospitality from the Heart~ 
, Thank you for voting! Fiorella's was ranked top 5 in  The Boston A-List's Best Italian-Traditional Restaurant! http://boston.cityvoter.com/best/italian-traditional/food/boston/slideshow, Love Fiorella's creamy alfredo sauce but don't want to indulge in the calories? Make a healthier version at home by replacing the heavy cream with greek yogurt., Weekends were made for indulgence! Too full for dessert or want something to accompany it? Try one of our after dinner drinks --Lemoncello • Grappa • Port • Brandy • Cognac • Sambuca. We also have coffee, espresso drinks, and a variety of organic teas., Did you know? The states that consume the most wine are California, New York, and Florida, Tonights Specials
 
BIRRA
Peak Organic
Nut Brown Ale/Maine  5

COCKTAIL
Citrus Margarita
Lime tequila, citrus liqueur and 
a splash of orange juice 9 

ZUPPA
New England Fish Chowder 4/6

ENTRÉES
Lobster Fra Diavlo
A delicious blend of lobster meat, mussels and chorizo sausage simmered in a 
spicy marinara sauce, tossed with tri-color tortellini and romano cheese 29
 
Braised Lamb Shank
Bone-in lamb shank braised in a sweet port wine and tomato lamb stock 
with fresh vegetables, served with mashed potatoes and broccoli florets 27

DOLCI
Chocolate Fondant Cake 7

GELATO
Cookies & Cream 2 

SORBETTO
Blood Orange 2, Tonights Specials
 
BIRRA
Peak Organic
Nut Brown Ale/Maine  5

COCKTAIL
Italian Mai Tai
Bacardi, Disaronno, pineapple and lime juice 9 

ZUPPA
Mushroom Barley 3/5

ENTRÉES
Beef Tips Pizziaola
Tender beef tips simmered in a tomato-basil sauce with a blend of peppers and onions, tossed with penne pasta and baked with mozzarella cheese 20
 
Tilapia Provencale
Fresh tilapia filet sauteed in a garlic-wine reduction with kalamata olives, tomatoes and capers, served over linguini with a touch of marinara sauce 19

DOLCI
Chocolate Fondant Cake 7
 
GELATO
Cookies & Cream 2 

SORBETTO
Strawberry 2, Learn how to make our delicious pizza sauce right at home! http://how2heroes.com/videos/soups-sauces/pizza-sauce, Tonights Specials
 
BIRRA
Fisherman’s Brew
Amber Lager/Gloucester MA  5

COCKTAIL
Cirtus Margarita
Lime tequila, TyKu citrus liqueur 
and triple sec with a splash of o.j. 9 

ZUPPA
Split Pea & Ham 3/5

ENTRÉES
Pollo Al Forno
Boneless strips of chicken breast sauteed with sweet italian sausage, broccoli florets 
and roasted red peppers, prepared in a garlic wine sauce, tossed with penne 
topped with melted mozzarella cheese 19
 
Pesce Andrea
P.E.I mussels, calamari, scrod and shrimp simmered in a garlic white wine sauce 
with mushrooms, asparagus and diced tomato, served over linguini 27

DOLCI
Chocolate Fondant Cake 7
 
GELATO
Cookies & Cream 2 

SORBETTO
Strawberry 2, Did you know? Americans eat approximately 100 acres of pizza each day, or 350 slices per second~That's a lot of pie!, Gelato was originally created in Sicily during the 16th century by Florence native, Bernardo Buontalenti. Now, Italy holds over 35,000 ice cream shops, selling creamy ice cream, gelato, and refreshing sorbet. Try out Fiorella's 'Gelato del Giorno' today., Tonights Specials

BIRRA
Fisherman’s Brew
Amber Lager/Gloucester MA  5

COCKTAIL
Cirtus Margarita
Lime tequila, TyKu citrus liqueur 
and triple sec with a splash of o.j. 9 

ZUPPA
Split Pea & Ham 3/5

ENTRÉES
Pollo Al Forno
Boneless strips of chicken breast sauteed with sweet italian sausage, broccoli florets 
and roasted red peppers, prepared in a garlic wine sauce, tossed with penne 
topped with melted mozzarella cheese 19
 
Pesce Cioppino
Lobster, shrimp, calamari and P.E.I mussels, simmered in a spicy pomodoro sauce 
with shallots and herbs, served over linguini 27

DOLCI
Dream Bomba 7

GELATO
Cookies & Cream 2 

SORBETTO
Strawberry 2, Did you know? In ancient Greece, a dinner host would take the first sip of wine to assure guests the wine was not poisoned, hence the phrase “drinking to one’s health.", Tonights Specials
 
BIRRA
Fisherman’s Brew
Amber Lager/Gloucester, Ma  5

COCKTAIL
Gladiator
Disaronno, Southern Comfort, 
orange juice and lemon lime soda 9 

ZUPPA
Chicken Vegetable 3/5

ENTRÉE
Chicken & Sausage Alla Vodka
Boneless strips of chicken breast, sauteed with hot italian sausage, shallots
 and asparagus prepared in a spicy vodka marinara sauce with a touch of cream 
tossed with linguini and grated cheese 19

Lemon Sole
Fresh lemon sole filet poached in a lemon-wine reduction with artichoke hearts 
diced roma tomatoes and peas served over a bed of baby spinach and risotto 21

DOLCI
Key Lime Cheesecake 7
 
GELATO
Mocha 2 

SORBETTO
Strawberry 2, What better way to start August, than celebrating #IPADay with us!, Don't feel like cooking tonight? Head on over and dine with us!, Tonights Specials
 
BIRRA
Fisherman’s Brew
Amber Lager/Gloucester, Ma  5

COCKTAIL
Seaside Punch
Citrus vodka, orange and cranberry juice with a splash of citrus soda 8 

ZUPPA
Chicken Barley 3/5

ENTRÉE
Pollo Al Forno   
Boneless strips of chicken breast, sauteed with mushrooms, prosciutto and roasted red peppers 
in a garlic wine sauce, tossed with penne and topped with melted mozzarella cheese 18

Pesce Pomodoro
Fresh haddock, shrimp, salmon and calamari, sauteed with shallots, and peas 
in a spicy pomodoro sauce, served over risotto 24

DOLCI
Dream Bomba 7 

GELATO
Lemon 2

 SORBETTO
Strawberry 2, Looking for a light lunch? Try our Tuna Insalata: Solid white Albacore Tuna mixed with lemon, capers, kalamata olives, pepperoncini & red onions served on a blend of romaine & arugula with avocado, cherry tomatoes, cucumber & a side of lemonette dressing~, Fiorella's offers a FREE dinner on your birthday! Not signed up for our Birthday Club yet? Do it here: 
http://www.rmgmail.com/web/pcf/1w/1, Tonights Specials
 
BIRRA
Fisherman’s Brew
Amber Lager/Gloucester, Ma  5

COCKTAIL
La Margarita Classica
Tres Agaves, Grand Marnier, fresh lemon and lime juice 10
 
ZUPPA
Minestrone 3/5

ENTRÉE
Pollo Gorgonzola 
Bonelss strips of chicken sauteed with mushrooms and raosted red peppers 
in a gorgonzola garlic cream sauce, tossed with penne.   18

Seafood Fra Diavlo
Haddock, shrimp and calamari sauteed with broccolli 
in a spicy marinara sauce served over linguine  24

DOLCI
Dream Bomba 7 

GELATO
Lemon 2

 SORBETTO
Strawberry 2, End your weekend on a sweet note with our Macaroon Martini: Malibu Rum, Kahlua & Baileys, sprinkled with cocoa~, Tonights Specials
 
BIRRA
Fisherman’s Brew
Amber Lager/Gloucester, Ma  5

COCKTAIL
La Margarita Classica
Tres Agaves, Gran Marnier, fresh lemon and lime juice 10
 
ZUPPA
Lentil 3/5

ENTRÉE
Short Ribs Milanaise
Boneless shortribs braised in a red wine and tomato beef stock with carrots, celery 
and pearl onions, served on a bed of potato gnocci 23

Encrusted Halibut
Fresh halibut filet encrusted with shredded red potatoes, leeks, and roasted almonds 
drizzled with a sweet balsamic glaze and served with risotto and asparagus 25

DOLCI
Chocolate Lava Cake 8 

GELATO
Lemon 2

 SORBETTO
Strawberry 2, Start your weekend early with our Spa-tini: Rain Organics Cucumber Lime Vodka, Hendricks Gin & a splash of cranberry juice~, Share Fiorella's tradition with your family and friends. You can purchase a Fiorella's Gift Card right off of our website here- http://www.fiorellasnewton.com/gift-cards, Love Fiorella's creamy alfredo sauce but don't want to indulge in the calories? Make a healthier version at home by replacing the heavy cream with greek yogurt~, Tonights Specials

BIRRA
Fisherman’s Brew
Amber Lager/Gloucester, Ma  5

COCKTAIL
Italian Splash
Bacardi, Disaronno, pineapple 
and lime juice  9
 
ZUPPA
White Bean & Escarole 3/5

ENTRÉE
Chicken Florentine
Boneless strips of chicken breast, sauteed with asparagus, sun dried tomatoes and artichokes, prepared in a pesto cream sauce, tossed with linguini and grated cheese 18

Pesce Cioppino
Fresh shrimp, scallops and baby clams, simmered in a spicy pomodoro sauce 
with broccoli, served over linguini 26

DOLCI
Mango Cheesecake 7 

GELATO
Lemon 2

SORBETTO
Mango 2, Have an event or special occasion coming up? We would love to help make it a success. Fiorella's offers an extensive in~house catering menu or can customize one to your liking. All in~house catering entrées include our famous Garlic Bread Sticks with Fiorella’s signature marinara sauce, Toasted Ravioli, and a small house salad. Call for more information., Tonights Specials

BIRRA
Fisherman’s Brew
Amber Lager/Gloucester, MA  5

COCKTAIL
Italian Splash
Bacardi, Disaronno, pineapple 
and lime juice  9
 
ZUPPA
White Bean & Escarole 3/5
  
ENTRÉE
Chicken Florentine
Tender strips of boneless chicken breast, sauteed with spinach 
and diced tomatoes in a garlic-cream sauce, tossed with penne 18

Pesce Puttanesca
Fresh shrimp, swordfish, mussels and calamari, sauteed with capers 
and kalamata olives in a spicy tomato-basil sauce, served over linguini 25

DOLCI
Mango Cheesecake 7 

GELATO
Coffee Stracciatella 2

 SORBETTO
Mango 2, Happy National Ice Cream Day! Celebrate with our Gelato Sundae for dessert: Vanilla gelato topped with chocolate sauce, whipped cream & a cherry, It's been quite a hot week! Sorbet is definitely in order for dessert~, Tonights Specials
 
BIRRA
Magic Hat
#9 /Vermont  5

VINO
Riccio Bianco
Chardonnay/Italy 10/38 

ZUPPA
Chicken & Rice 3/5

ENTRÉES`
Chicken & Sausage Lazario
Tender boneless strips of chicken breast, sauteed with hot italian sausage, disced asparagus and roma tomatoes, prepared with garlic white wine sauce with a touch of pesto
tossed with penne and grated cheese 19

Pesce Puttanesca
Fresh haddock, shrimp and calamari, prepared with olives and capers 
in a spicy tomato-basil sauce, served over linguini 25

DOLCI
Limoncello Marscapone Cake 7
 
GELATO
Coconut 2

SORBETTO
Raspberry 2, There's ten days left to vote! Fiorella's was nominated for best Italian food from the The Boston A-List. Show your support: http://boston.cityvoter.com/fiorella-s/biz/34174, Beat the heat with a refreshing glass of our Sparkling Sangria made with Pomegranate Liqueur, Triple Sec, orange juice & a splash of Prosecco~, Tonights Specials
 
BIRRA
Magic Hat
#9 /Vermont  5

VINO
Riccio Bianco
Chardonnay/Italy 10/38 

ZUPPA
Spicy Sausage & Tomato 3/5
  
ENTRÉES`
Chicken Lorenzo
Tender strips of boneless chicken breast, sauteed with prosciutto, roasted red peppers 
and broccoli, in a garlic marsala-wine sauce, tossed with penne 18

Pesce Balsamico
A medley of fresh shrimp, scallops and mussels, prepared with zucchini, summer squash and diced tomatoes in a garlic white-wine sauce, served over a bed of risotto
 and spinach, drizzled with a balsamic glaze 24

DOLCI
Limoncello Marscapone Cake 7
 
GELATO
Coconut 2

SORBETTO
Raspberry 2, Need a recipe for the weekend? Try this refreshing caprese pasta salad: http://www.loveandoliveoil.com/2013/07/caprese-pasta-salad.html, Salute! It's Friday~, Tonights Specials

BIRRA
Magic Hat
#9 /Vermont  5

VINO
Riccio Bianco
Chardonnay/Italy 10/38 

ZUPPA
Chicken Barley 3/5

ENTRÉES`
Lamb Osso Bucco
Tender lamb shank braised with pearl onions, carrots and celery 
in a port wine tomato reduction, served with mashed potatoes and broccoli 25

Pesce Alla Vodka
Fresh lobster, shrimp, bay scallops and mussels simmered in a spicy vodka-marinara sauce with chopped asparagus, tossed with tri-color tortellini, 
romano cheese and a touch of cream 29

DOLCI
Caramel & Chocolate Ice Cream Pie 7
 
GELATO
White Chocolate with Cranberry 2

SORBETTO
Raspberry 2, "There are many miracles in the world to be celebrated, and for me, garlic is the most deserving" ~ Leo Buscaglia., Tonights Specials
 
BIRRA
Magic Hat
#9 /Vermont  5

VINO
Riccio Bianco
Chardonnay/Italy 10/38 

ZUPPA
Chicken Barley 3/5

ENTRÉES
Pesce Bianca
P.E.I mussels, fresh haddock, shrimp and calamari, simmered in a garlic white wine sauce with oven roasted roma tomatoes and diced asparagus, served over linguini 25

Chicken Madeira
Boneless strips of chicken breast, sautéed with roasted red peppers, prosciutto and 
broccoli florets in a madeira cream sauce, tossed with tri-color tortellini and grated cheese 18

DOLCI
Strawberry Orange Cream Cake 7
 
GELATO
White Chocolate with Cranberry 2

SORBETTO
Raspberry 2, Tonights Specials

BIRRA
Magic Hat
#9 /Vermont  5

VINO
Riccio Bianco
Chardonnay/Italy 10/38 

ZUPPA
Minestrone 3/5

ANTIPASTO
Arancini di Riso
Crisp twin risotto balls stuffed with peas and our signature meatballs, topped with marinara 9    

ENTRÉES
Crusted Alaskan Sockeye Salmon
Wild alaskan salmon filet, crusted with roasted crushed marcona almonds and parmesan cheese topped with balsamic glaze, served with risotto and a braised vegetable medley 21

Surf & Turf 
Steak medallions, pan seared with shrimp, mushrooms, roasted red peppers and onions 
in a dijon marsala sauce, served with mashed potatoes and roasted vegetables 23

DOLCI
Affogato
A scoop of vanilla gelato topped with a shot of hot espresso 4

Strawberry Orange Cream Cake 7
 
GELATO
Orange Cream 2

SORBETTO
Strawberry Stracciatella 2, Todays Lunch Special

Chicken Rose`
Sautéed chicken with roasted red peppers and spinach in a cream sauce with a touch of marinara tossed with penne pasta 12

Zuppa
Minestrone  3/5, "I will put Fiorella's signature marinara sauce up against any sauce, any where" - Remon Karian, Owner & President. Don't believe him? Come taste our marinara for yourself!

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2tXohckgPSQ, Tonights Specials

BIRRA
Magic Hat
#9 /Vermont  5

VINO
Riccio Bianco
Chardonnay/Italy 11/40 

ZUPPA
Minestrone 3/5

ENTRÉES
Steak Tip Pizzaiola
Steak tips sautéed with peppers and onions in a tomato basil sauce 
tossed with penne pasta and baked with mozzarella cheese 20

Chicken Bianca
Boneless tender strips of chicken sautéed with onions, diced tomato, and spinach 
in a garlic white wine sauce over risotto 18

DOLCI
Chocolate Lava Cake Ala Mode 8

GELATO
Orange Cream 2

SORBETTO
Strawberry Stracciatella 2, Please show your support! Fiorella's was nominated on Boston A-List for best Italian food! There are 19 days left to vote, cast yours today~ http://boston.cityvoter.com/fiorella-s/biz/34174, Summer heat getting the best of you? Cool down with a light salad and a glass of wine, like our Villa Marchesi Pinot Grigio~, Tonights Specials

BIRRA
Magic Hat
#9 /Vermont  5

VINO
Napa Cellars
Chardonnay/California 10/38 

ZUPPA
Zuppa di Pesce 4/6

APPETIZER
Lemon & Garlic Marinated Shrimp
Fresh tender shrimp marinated in lemon, garlic & herbs, seared in our wood-fire brick oven and served atop a bed of baby arugula with fresh mango salsa 12

ENTRÉES
Filet Mignon
8 oz. beef tenderloin pan-seared to your liking, topped with goat cheese and drizzled 
with a sweet balsamic glaze, served with oven-roasted potatoes and fresh asparagus 24

Lobster Paella
Fresh lobster meat and dutch style mussels baked in a spicy tomato and seafood broth 
with chorizo sausage, peppers, onions, sweet peas and risotto, topped with romano cheese 28

DOLCI
Dream Bomba 6
 
GELATO
Orange Cream 2

SORBETTO
Strawberry Stracciatella 2, Happy 4th of July, Salute!, We will be closed tomorrow in observance of Independence Day. See you tonight for dinner~, Tonights Specials

BIRRA
Leinenkugel
Summer Shandy/Wisconsin 6

VINO
Napa Cellars
Chardonnay/California 10/38 

ZUPPA
Potato Leek 3/5

ENTRÉES
Sausage Calabrese
Spanish chorizo sausage sautéed with sun dried tomatoes in a white wine sauce tossed with fresh fussili pasta and diced fresh mozzarella cheese 17

Pesce Amatriciana
Haddock, shrimp, calamari and baby clams sautéed with pancetta and shallots in a spicy pomodoro sauce, served over linguini 27
  
DOLCI
Limoncello Truffle 6
 
GELATO
Orange Cream 2

SORBETTO
Strawberry Stracciatella 2, We can thank our forefather for MORE than just freedom. Thomas Jefferson brought a pasta making machine back to the states with him in 1789, when he returned to America after serving as ambassador to France. It wasn't until 1848 that pasta was first produced commercially in the U.S., and not until the late 19th century that it became popular., Tonights Specials

BIRRA
Leinenkugel
Summer Shandy/Wisconsin 6

VINO
Napa Cellars
Chardonnay/California 10/38 

ZUPPA
White Minestrone 3/5

ENTRÉES
Braised Short Ribs
Tender short ribs, braised in a red wine and tomato beef stock with carrots, celery and pearl onions, served on a bed of potato gnocchi 23

Pesce Arrabiata
Fresh shrimp and mussels, sautéed with pancetta, shallots and capers in a spicy marinara sauce, tossed with lobster ravioli 22
  
DOLCI
Limoncello Truffle 6
 
GELATO
Bacci 2

SORBETTO
Strawberry Stracciatella 2, Did you know? Gelato was originally created in Sicily during the 16th century by Florence native, Bernardo
Buontalenti. Now, Italy holds over 35,000 ice cream shops, selling creamy ice cream, gelato, and refreshing sorbet., Love Fiorella's creamy alfredo sauce but don't want to indulge in the calories? Make a healthier version at home by replacing the heavy cream with greek yogurt., Weekends were made for indulgence! Too full for dessert or want something to accompany it? Try one of our after dinner drinks --Lemoncello • Grappa • Port • Brandy • Cognac • Sambuca. We also have coffee, espresso drinks, and a variety of organic teas., Share Fiorella's tradition with your family and friends! You can purchase a Fiorella's Gift Card right off of our website here- http://www.fiorellasnewton.com/gift-cards, Cool down from the heat tonight with this refreshing sorbet recipe: http://www.foodnetwork.com/recipes/giada-de-laurentiis/tropical-watermelon-sorbet-recipe/index.html, Tonights Specials
 
BIRRA
Leinenkugel
Summer Shandy/Wisconson 9

VINO
Ecker
Gruner Veltliner/Austria 8/32 

ZUPPA
Minestrone 3/5

ENTRÉES
Short Rib Ravioli
Braised beef short rib stuffed ravioli, prepared with sundried tomatoes, peas and mushrooms in a marsala-beef stock reduction topped with shaved parmesan cheese 16

Pesce Calabrese  
Fresh scrod, shrimp, baby clams and calamari, simmered with oven roasted roma tomatoes in a garlic white wine sauce with a touch of pesto and a hint of spice served over fettuccini 27
  
DOLCI
Chocolate Fondant Cake 7
 
GELATO
Lemon 2

SORBETTO
Peach 2, Anyone planning their own Roman Holiday? 

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9GzCG6lpFUw, Tonights Specials

COCKTAIL
Key Lime Martini
Key lime rum, vanilla vodka 
graham cracker crust and whipped cream 9

VINO
Ecker
Gruner Veltliner/Austria 8/32 

ZUPPA
Minestrone 3/5

ENTRÉES
Chicken Gorgonzola
Tender strips of boneless chicken, sauteed with mushrooms and roasted red peppers in a garlic-cream sauce with gorgonzola cheese, tossed with penne 18

Pesce Florentine
Fresh scrod, shrimp and mussels sautéed with diced tomatoes and spinach in a garlic white-wine sauce, tossed with linguini 24
  
DOLCI
Hazelnut Truffle 6
 
GELATO
Lemon 2

SORBETTO
Peach 2, Did you know? Red wine is considered to be the oldest man~made medicine as its healing value is mentioned on Ancient Egyptian Papyri dating back more than 4000 years., "Chi mangia bene, vive bene"~ Italian Proverb. Translation: "One who eats well, lives well", Tonights Specials
 
COCKTAIL
Passion Fruit Punch
Passion fruit rum, orange juice and lemon-lime soda 6

VINO
Ecker
Gruner Veltliner/Austria 8/32 

ZUPPA
Zuppa di Pesce 4/6

ENTRÉES
Osso Bucco
Tender bone-in pork shank braised with pearl onions, carrots and celery in a port wine tomato reduction, served with mashed potatoes and broccoli florets 23

Pesce Cioppino
Lobster meat, mussels, shrimp and calamari simmered in a spicy pomodoro sauce with peas served over linguini 28
 
DOLCI
Hazelnut Truffle 7
 
GELATO
Coconut 2

SORBETTO
Peach 2, Todays Lunch Specials

BIRRA
Crispin
Hard Apple Cider 6

VINO
Ecker
Gruner Veltliner/ Austria 9/34 

ZUPPA
Chicken & Sausage Vegetable 3/5

ENTRÉES
Fish & Chips
Fresh wild haddock, flash fried, served with tartar sauce, french fries and ketchup 12

DOLCI
Key Lime Cheesecake 7

GELATO
Coconut 2

SORBETTO
Peach 2, "All you need is love....and a glass of wine"~Anonymous, It's National Martini Day! Toast to the #Bruins tonight with our Tropical Escape~, Wishing you happy days of love and light!, Tonights Specials

BIRRA
Crispin
Hard Apple Cider 6

VINO
Ecker
Gruner Veltliner/Austria 8/32 

ZUPPA
White Bean & Escarole 3/5

ENTRÉES
Misto di Carne
Tender boneless veal shank and hot italian sausage simmered in a pomodoro sauce with broccoli, pearl onions, celery and carrots
tossed with tri-color tortellini and topped with melted mozzarella cheese 20

Seafood Risotto
Sea scallops, shrimp and salmon sautéed with artichokes and sun dried tomatoes in a pesto cream sauce served over risotto 26
 
DOLCI
Key Lime Cheesecake 7
 
GELATO
Coconut 2

SORBETTO
Peach 2, Our Peanut Butter Pie...there's always room for dessert!, Tonights Specials
 
BIRRA
Crispin
Hard Apple Cider 6

VINO
Ecker
Gruner Veltliner/Austria 8/32 

ZUPPA
Lentil 3/5

ENTRÉES
Seared Pork Chop
Tender 12 oz. pork chop pan-seared and topped with a sweet port and tomato sauce
 with carrots, celery and onions, served with mashed potatoes and green beans 19

Lobster Ravioli Puttanesca
Fresh lobster meat and ricotta filled ravioli with shrimp, mussels 
kalamata olives and capers in a spicy tomato basil sauce 23
 
DOLCI
Strawberry-Orange Cream Cake 6
 
GELATO
Mocha 2

SORBETTO
Pomegranate 2, From our family to yours~Happy Father's Day!, Kick off Father's Day weekend with us! We'll see you for dinner~, We would love to celebrate you!

Join Fiorella's famous Birthday Club, and enjoy a complimentary entree on your birthday! 

http://www.rmgmail.com/web/pcf/1w/1, Tonights Specials
 
BIRRA
Crispin
Hard Apple Cider 6

VINO
Ecker
Gruner Veltliner/ Austria 9/34 

ZUPPA
Seafood Chowder 4/6

APPETIZER
Sizzling Shrimp
Fresh shrimp marinated with lemon, rosemary and garlic 
seared in our wood-fired oven in a cast-iron skillet  11

ENTRÉES
Lamb Osso Bucco
Tender lamb shank braised in a port wine and tomato lamb stock with pearl onions, carrots and celery, served on a bed of risotto with fresh steamed broccoli florets 24

Lobster Ala Vodka
Fresh lobster meat and mussels simmered in a spicy vodka-marinara sauce 
with chopped asparagus, romano cheese and a touch of cream, served over linguini 28
 
DOLCI
Strawberry-Orange Cream Cake 7
 
GELATO
Mocha 2

SORBETTO
Pomegranate 2, Let's go Bruins!, Making special plans for Father's Day? Treat your dad to a delicious meal at Fiorella's!, Tonights Specials

BIRRA
Crispin
Hard Apple Cider 6

VINO
Ecker
Gruner Veltliner/ Austria 9/34 

ZUPPA
Chicken Vegetable 3/5

ENTRÉES
Creamy Chicken Limoncello
Boneless strips of chicken breast sautéed with mushrooms, broccoli and roasted red peppers prepared in a creamy limoncello liqueur reduction with a hint of spice
 tossed with fettuccini and grated cheese 18

Tilapia Provençale
Fresh tilapia filet pan seared with diced tomatoes, kalamata olives and capers 
in a citrus wine sauce, served over a bed of baby spinach and rice pilaf
 topped with a drizzle of our signature marinara sauce 17
 
DOLCI
Mango Mousse Cake 7
 
GELATO
White Chocolate & Cranberry 2

SORBETTO
Pomegranate 2, It seems as though Boston A-list doesn't have an update picture of the front of our restaurant. Here's a more recent shot!, Tonights Specials

BIRRA
Crispin
Hard Apple Cider 6

VINO
Ecker
Gruner Veltliner/ Austria 9/34 

ZUPPA
Chicken Vegetable 3/5

ENTRÉES
Braised Short Ribs
Tender short ribs braised in a red wine and tomato beef stock with carrots
celery and pearl onions, served on a bed of potato gnocci 23

Seafood Scampi
Fresh scrod, salmon and shrimp sautéed with diced tomatoes in a garlic white-wine sauce with a touch of lemon served over linguini laced with broccoli florets 24
 
DOLCI
Mango Mousse Cake 7
 
GELATO
White Chocolate & Cranberry 2

SORBETTO
Pomegranate 2, Not hot enough for you? Spice up your evening with this delicious lentil~tomato sauce recipe: http://www.ritacooksitalian.com/lentils-italian-spicy-sauce/, Don't forget to show your support and vote! Fiorella's was nominated for Best Traditional Italian Food on Boston A-List: http://boston.cityvoter.com/fiorella-s/biz/34174, It's simple, and fresh. Enjoy our delicious Tuna Siciliano wrap for lunch: Solid white Albacore Tuna mixed with lemon, capers, kalamata olives, pepperoncini & red onions with mixed greens & roasted red peppers, Tonights Specials
 
BIRRA
Saranac
Shandy / New York 6

VINO
Whitehaven
Sauvignon Blanc/ New Zealand 9/34 

ZUPPA
Chicken Vegetable 3/5

ENTRÉES
Chicken Gorgonzola
Tender strips of chicken breast sautéed with asparagus, sun dried tomatoes and artichokes prepared in a gorgonzola cream sauce tossed with fussili 19

Pesce Calabria 
Fresh scrod, shrimp, calamari and baby clams prepared in a garlic white wine sauce
 with sliced cherry peppers, broccoli and tomatoes served over linguini 26

DOLCI
Chocolate Duo Mousse 8
 
GELATO
Marshcotti 2
A blend of marshmallow, biscotti and chocolate shavings

SORBETTO
Raspberry 2, We've been nominated on The Boston A-List for best Traditional Italian food in Boston! Visit the link below to cast your vote!
http://boston.cityvoter.com/fiorella-s/biz/34174, Tonights Specials

BIRRA
Saranac
Shandy / New York 6

COCKTAIL
Mojito
Bacardi, fresh mint, fresh squeezed lime juice, topped with soda 8 

ZUPPA
Vegetable Barley 3/5

ENTRÉES
Braised Short Ribs
Tender short ribs braised in a red wine and tomato beef stock with pearl onions
carrots and celery, served on a bed of risotto with broccoli florets 22

Seafood fra Diavolo
Fresh scrod, bay scallops, mussels and shrimp sautéed with broccoli 
in a spicy marinara sauce over linguini 25

DOLCI
Chocolate Duo Mousse 8
 
GELATO
Marshcotti 2
A blend of marshmallow, biscotti and chocolate shavings

SORBETTO
Raspberry 2, Indulge your sweet tooth tonight with our Gelato Sundae: Vanilla gelato topped with chocolate sauce, whipped cream & a cherry~, Weekends were made for indulgence! Too full for dessert or want something to accompany it? Try one of our after dinner drinks --Lemoncello • Grappa • Port • Brandy • Cognac • Sambuca., There's nothing more relaxing than winding down at the end of the day with a martini like our Tropical Escape~, Arancini, Did you know? Arancini or “little oranges,” named from the rice balls’ appearance and shape, are a traditional street food in Sicily dating back to the tenth century., Did you know? One theory of the term "sub" is that it originated in a restaurant in Scollay Square in Boston at the beginning of World War I. The sandwich was created to entice the large numbers of navy servicemen stationed at the Charlestown Navy Yard., Buona Sera means "good evening" or "good night". Spend a good evening with us at Fiorella's. Inspiration from Italy. Hospitality from the Heart. 

http://ow.ly/jpokN, Fill it in! "My favorite Fiorella's specials are_______, _______, and ________.", Make mini pizzas tonight with this tasty recipe! http://www.foodnetwork.com/videos/easy-pizzette-with-gorgonzola/2976.html, Celebrating a graduation? Let us help make it memorable! Fiorella’s offers an extensive catering menu or can customize one to your liking. http://www.fiorellasnewton.com/catering, Have a Bella Notte with us tonight!

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ApsR4pDI5tk, Tonights Specials

BIRRA
Saranac
Shandy / New York  6

VINO
Riserva
Chianti Classico /Italy 9/36 

ZUPPA
Split Pea & Ham 3/5

ENTRÉES
Halibut 
Fresh halibut filet, pan seared and topped with balsamic glaze 
prepared with a medley of grape tomatoes, olives, capers, potatoes, yellow bell peppers 
and cannellini beans served with a fresh arugula salad  24

Osso Bucco
Tender veal osso bucco, braised with pearl onions, carrots and celery 
in a burgundy tomato sauce reduction served with green beans over risotto  26

DOLCI
Limoncello Truffle 6 

GELATO
Pina Colada 2

SORBETTO
Blueberry 2, Tonights Specials

BIRRA
Saranac
Shandy / New York  6

VINO
Riserva
Chianti Classico /Italy 9/36 

ZUPPA
Split Pea & Ham 3/5

ENTRÉES
Panko Encrusted Chicken Abruzzi 
All natural organic chicken breast encrusted in a japanese panko bread crumb 
topped with a garlic sherry-cream sauce with peas 
served with mashed potatoes and roasted seasonal vegetables 18

Mahi Mahi
Fresh mahi mahi filet sautéed in a garlic white wine reduction 
with summer squash, zucchini and tomatoes 
served over a bed of risotto and baby arugula and garnished with balsamic glaze 22

DOLCI
Limoncello Truffle 7 

GELATO
Pina Colada 2

SORBETTO
Blueberry 2, Did you know? There are approximately 10,000 different varieties of wine grapes around the world.  That’s a lot of different wines to try! What are some of your favorites?, Tonights Specials
 
BIRRA
Saranac
Shandy / New York  6

VINO
Riserva
Chianti Classico /Italy 9/36 

ZUPPA
White Bean & Escarole 3/5

ENTRÉES
Walnut Encrusted Chicken Breast
All natural organic chicken breast encrusted in a walnut and panko crumb blend, pan-seared and topped with a garlic-cream sauce with a blend of wild mushrooms 
served with barley pilaf and broccoli florets 18

Mahi Mahi
Fresh mahi mahi filet sautéed in a garlic-wine reduction with kalamata olives
capers and tomatoes topped with marinara
served on a bed of baby spinach with rice pilaf 22

DOLCI
Limoncello Truffle 7 

GELATO
Pina Colada 2

SORBETTO
Blueberry 2, Chicken Parmigiana, Tonights Specials
 
BIRRA
Saranac
Shandy / New York  6

VINO
Riserva
Chianti Classico /Italy 9/36 

ZUPPA
White Bean & Escarole 3/5

ENTRÉES
Walnut Encrusted Chicken Breast
All natural organic chicken breast encrusted in a walnut and panko crumb blend, pan-seared and topped with a garlic-cream sauce with a blend of wild mushrooms 
served with barley pilaf and sautéed green beans 18

Tilapia Provençale
Fresh tilapia filet sautéed in a garlic-wine reduction with kalamata olives
capers and tomatoes topped with marinara
served on a bed of baby spinach with rice pilaf 20

DOLCI
Limoncello Truffle 7 

GELATO
Pina Colada 2

SORBETTO
Raspberry 2, Todays Lunch Special

Lobster Ravioli
Sautéed with tomato, onion and spinach in a garlic white wine reduction  12

Zuppa
Seafood Chowder  4/6, Tonights Specials
 
COCKTAIL
Classic Margarita
Tres Agaves, Grand Marnier
 and fresh lime juice  9

VINO
Riccio Bianco
Chardonnay /Italy 9/36 

ZUPPA
Minestrone 3/5

ENTRÉES
Baked Lobster Pie
Fresh lobster meat baked in a sherry-cream sauce with a crab and cracker crust
served with rice pilaf and asparagus 28

Filet Mignon
8 oz. beef tenderloin pan-seared to your liking and topped with a mushroom and 
roasted red pepper demi-glace, served with mashed potatoes and roasted vegetables 26

DOLCI
Marshmallow Pie
Homemade white chocolate and marshmallow cream pie in a pretzel crust 8 
~ All proceeds go to Boston Bakes for Breast Cancer ~

GELATO
Dulce de Leche 2

SORBETTO
Blueberry 2, Fill it in! "My favorite Italian desserts are:_____, _____, &______. ", Baby Clams, Build a better pizza with the help of an expert; tossing the dough is essential! 

http://how2heroes.com/videos/entrees/pizza-101, Tonights Specials

COCKTAIL
Sparkling Berry
Raspberry pomegranate vodka and
 fresh lemon juice topped with prosecco 9

VINO
Riccio Bianco
Chardonnay /Italy 9/36 

ZUPPA
Chicken Vegetable 3/5

ENTRÉES
Seafood Puttanesca
Fresh P.E.I mussels, scrod, shrimp and calamari, simmered in a spicy tomato-basil sauce with olives and capers, served over linguini 26

Chicken Gorgonzola
Tender strips of boneless chicken breast sautéed with roasted red peppers and mushrooms
 in a marsala reduction topped with crumbled gorgonzola cheese
 served with mashed potatoes and broccoli florets 18

DOLCI
Marshmallow Pie
Homemade white chocolate and marshmallow cream pie in a pretzel crust 8 
~ All proceeds go to Boston Bakes for Breast Cancer ~

GELATO
Dulce de Leche 2

SORBETTO
Peach 2, Boston Bakes for Breast Cancer begins today! 100% of the proceeds from our Marshmellow Pie will go to Boston Bakes., Tonights Specials
 
COCKTAIL
Sparkling Berry
Raspberry pomegranate vodka and fresh lemon juice topped with prosecco 9

VINO
Riccio Bianco
Chardonnay /Italy 9/36 

ZUPPA
Chicken Vegetable 3/5

ENTRÉES
Scrod Scampi
Fresh scrod sautéed with capers in a garlic white-wine sauce with a touch of lemon,
 served over linguini, with an array of broccoli florets 19

Chicken Florentine
Tender strips of boneless chicken breast sautéed with diced tomatoes and spinach
 in a garlic cream sauce tossed with tri-colored cheese tortellini 18

DOLCI
Marshmallow Pie
Homemade white chocolate and marshmallow cream pie in a pretzel crust 8 
~ All proceeds go to Boston Bakes for Breast Cancer ~

GELATO
Dulce de Leche 2

SORBETTO
Peach 2, Did you know? Fiorella's offers FREE dinner on your birthday! Not signed up for our Birthday Club yet? Do it here! 
http://www.rmgmail.com/web/pcf/1w/1, Tonights Specials

BIRRA
Jabby Brau
Jacks Abbey /Framingham, Ma 6

VINO
Colli Fiorentini
Chianti /Italy 8/32 

ZUPPA
Seafood Chowder
A delicious blend of shrimp, scallops, haddock, chopped clams, mussels and tuna 
in a cream based fish stock  4/6

ENTRÉES
Pesce alla Vodka
Fresh lobster, shrimp, mussels and bay scallops 
simmered in a spicy vodka-marinara sauce with chopped asparagus, romano cheese 
and a touch of cream, served on a bed of linguini 28

Braised Lamb Shank
Tender lamb shank braised in a red wine and tomato lamb stock 
with fresh vegetables, served on a bed of risotto 26

DOLCI
Chocolate Lava Cake
Served warm with vanilla gelato, fresh whipped cream and chocolate sauce 8

GELATO
Cookies & Cream 2

SORBETTO
Peach 2, What would YOU do for a Calzone?

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=f9H24AXrXRk&feature=related, Tonights Specials
 
BIRRA
Jabby Brau
Jacks Abbey /Framingham, Ma  6

VINO
Riccio Bianco
Chardonnay /Italy 10/40 

ZUPPA
Cream of Asparagus  3/5

ENTRÉES
Chicken Porcini
Tender strips of boneless chicken breast sautéed with roasted red peppers
 leeks and porcini mushrooms in a sherry-cream sauce 
tossed with gnocchi and romano cheese  18

Albacore Tuna
Fresh albacore tuna loin pan-seared with diced vine-ripened tomatoes
capers and cannellini beans in a spicy limoncello liqueur reduction
 served on a bed of fresh baby arugula with risotto  21

DOLCI
Chocolate Lava Cake
Served warm with fresh whipped cream and chocolate sauce  8

GELATO
Cookies & Cream  2

SORBETTO
Peach  2, Did you know? Italy is the largest wine-producing country in the world. What are some of your favorite wines?, Tonights Specials
 
BIRRA
Crispin
Hard Apple Cider / California 6

VINO
Riccio Bianco
Chardonnay /Italy 10/40 

ZUPPA
Cream of Asparagus 3/5

ENTRÉES
Chicken Porcini
Tender strips of boneless chicken breast simmered in a sherry-cream sauce 
with porcini mushrooms, leeks and tomatoes, tossed with risotto and romano cheese 18

Albacore Tuna
Fresh albacore tuna loin pan-seared and topped with a light lemon-wine reduction 
with capers and cannellini beans, served on a bed of baby arugula with rice pilaf 21

DOLCI
Mixed Berry Cake 6
 
GELATO
White Chocolate & Cranberry 2

SORBETTO
Peach 2, Goat Cheese and Glazed Walnut Salad, Tonights Specials
 
BIRRA
Crispin
Hard Apple Cider / California 6

VINO
Riccio Bianco
Chardonnay /Italy 10/40 

ZUPPA
White Bean  3/5

ENTRÉES
Chicken Madeira
Boneless chicken cutlet, encrusted with panko bread crumbs and parmesan cheese
 topped with mushrooms and dried cranberries in a madeira reduction
 served over steamed baby spinach and risotto 18

Pesce Cioppino
PEI mussels, shrimp, scrod and calamari
simmered in a spicy light pomodoro sauce with fresh herbs
served over linguini 26

DOLCI
Mixed Berry Cake 6
 
GELATO
White Chocolate & Cranberry 2

SORBETTO
Peach 2, Did you know? Italy is often called "Bel Paese", which means beautiful country, Tonights Specials
 
BIRRA
Crispin Orininal
Hard Apple Cider / California 9

VINO
Riccio Bianco
Chardonnay /Italy 10/40 

ZUPPA
White Bean  3/5

APPETIZER
Mussels Fra Diavlo 10

ENTRÉES
Steak Diane
10 oz. coulotte steak pan-seared to your liking and finished in a brandy-cream sauce 
with mushrooms, leeks and a touch of whole grain mustard
 served with mashed potatoes and seasonal vegetables  22

Lobster Puttanesca
Fresh lobster meat, shrimp and PEI mussels
simmered in a spicy tomato-basil sauce with kalamata olives
 capers and anchovies, tossed with penne pasta and romano cheese  25

DOLCI
Mixed Berry Cake 6

GELATO
White Chocolate & Cranberry 2

SORBETTO
Peach 2, Tonights Specials
 
COCKTAIL
Bourbon Smash
Makers mark, fresh lemon and mint muddled with a touch of simple syrup 9

VINO
Lanciola
Chardonnay /Italy 10/40 

ZUPPA
Beef Vegetable 3/5

ENTRÉES
Steak Au Poivre
10 oz. coulotte steak rubbed in black pepper, pan-seared 
and finished in a brandy-cream sauce with mushrooms and shallots
served with mashed potatoes and aspragus 23

Lobster Lazario
Fresh lobster meat with dutch style mussels, sautéed in a spicy garlic-wine reduction 
with broccoli florets and tomatoes, tossed with penne pasta
 fresh mozzarella cheese and pesto 28

DOLCI
Pear & Cranberry Bread Pudding
Served warm with vanilla gelato and butterscotch sauce 7

GELATO
White Chocolate & Cranberry 2

SORBETTO
Coconut 2, Did you know?
Pizza was originally considered a "flat bread". During a tour of her country in 1889, Queen Margherita of Italy tried some of the flat bread, and liked it so much that she ordered her chef to prepare various types of pizza for her.  He decided to make a pizza containing the three colors of the Italian flag with mozzarella cheese (white), tomato (red) and basil (green).  He then named the pizza in her honor - Pizza Margherita., Tonights Specials
 
BIRRA
Crispin Original
Natural Hard Apple Cider/California 6

VINO
Napa Cellars
Chardonnay /California 10/40 

ZUPPA
Chicken Barley 3/5

ENTRÉES
Mahi Mahi
Fresh mahi mahi filet pan-seared and topped with a spicy tomato-basil sauce 
with kalamata olives, capers and anchovies, served with risotto and asparagus 22

Beef & Sausage Porcini
Tender tips of beef and spicy italian sausage, simmered in a sherry cream sauce 
with porcini mushrooms, tomatoes and leeks, tossed with penne pasta and romano cheese 21

DOLCI
Pistachio Cheesecake 6

GELATO
Mint Stracciatella 2

SORBETTO
Coconut 2, "Buona Sera" means good evening or good night. Spend a good evening with us at Fiorella's! Inspiration from Italy. Hospitality from the Heart. 

http://ow.ly/jpokN", Tonights Specials
 
COCKTAIL
Italian 75
Gin, chambord and lemon juice 
topped with prosecco 9

VINO
Napa Cellars
Chardonnay/California 10/40 

ZUPPA
Chicken Barley 3/5

ENTRÉES
Shrimp & Salmon Provençale
Fresh salmon and shrimp sautéed in a garlic-wine reduction with kalamata olives, tomatoes and capers, served on a bed of baby spinach with risotto, topped with a touch of marinara 22

Beef Tips Lorenzo
Tender tips of beef sautéed with roasted red peppers, prosciutto, and broccoli 
in a garlic-marsala wine reduction, tossed with penne pasta 20

DOLCI
Pistachio Cheesecake 6

GELATO
Mint Stracciatella 2

SORBETTO
Coconut 2, "I will put Fiorella's signature marinara sauce up against any sauce, any where" - Remon Karian, Owner & President. Don't believe him? Come taste our marinara for yourself!

 http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2tXohckgPSQ, Tonights Specials
 
COCKTAIL
La Classica Margarita
Tres agaves tequila, grand marnier, 
fresh lemon and lime juices, simple syrup, and a splash of orange juice 9

VINO
Napa Cellars
Chardonnay/California 10/40 

ZUPPA
Chicken Barley 3/5

ENTRÉES
Seafood Florentine
Fresh scrod, shrimp and calamari, simmered with diced tomatoes
 and spinach in a garlic white wine sauce, tossed with lobster ravioli 26

Chicken Gorgonzola
Tender strips of boneless chicken breast sautéed with mushrooms and
 roasted red peppers, in a gorgonzola cream sauce, tossed with penne pasta 18

DOLCI
Hazelnut & Cappuccino Truffle 6

GELATO
Mint Stracciatella 2

SORBETTO
Coconut 2, A special thank you to all the first responders and officials that work so hard to keep our city safe., Due to the ongoing police activity, all three locations will be delayed in opening today.  We will inform you as soon as possible when we are told its safe to open., Have you made your reservation yet? Join us next Wednesday for a delightful evening of food & wine!

Fiorella's will be hosting a four course dinner & wine pairing at 7:00pm on Wednesday, April 24.

The evening will begin with a welcome reception at 6:30pm followed by dinner at 7pm. Head winemaker Giancarlo Guarnieri with Lanciola will be our guest wine expert for the evening. Our Executive Chef Earl Quinn, has created a delicious menu to compliment the wines perfectly!

Seating is limited! Please call 617.969.9990 to make your reservation., Tonights Sepcials
 
COCKTAIL
Rain Refresher
Fresh basil, lemon and cucumber muddled with cucumber-lime vodka 9

VINO
Napa Cellars
Chardonnay/California 10/40 

ZUPPA
Minestrone 3/5

ENTRÉES
Mahi Mahi
Fresh mahi mahi filet encrusted in a roasted pine nut and panko blend 
seared to a golden crust and topped with a fresh mango salsa 
served on a bed of arugula and accompanied with rice pilaf 22

Chicken Romana
Boneless strips of chicken breast, sautéed with artichoke hearts
 mushrooms and baby spinach in a spicy pomodoro sauce
 tossed with fettuccini and grated cheese 19

DOLCI
Limoncello Layer Cake 7

GELATO
Mint Stracciatella 2

SORBETTO
Coconut 2, What is your favorite dessert to complete the perfect meal?, Tonights Specials
 
COCKTAIL
Blackberry Mojito
Fresh blackberries muddled with mint and lime, topped with bacardi and soda water 9

VINO
Napa Cellars
Chardonnay/California 10/40 

ZUPPA
Minestrone 3/5

ENTRÉES
Mahi Mahi
Fresh mahi mahi filet encrusted in a roasted pine nut and panko blend, 
seared to a golden crust and topped with a fresh mango salsa, 
served on a bed of arugula and accompanied with rice pilaf 22

Chicken & Chorizo Madeira
Chorizo sausage and tender strips of boneless chicken breast 
simmered in a sweet madeira-cream sauce with roasted red peppers, onions and sweet peas, 
tossed with penne pasta and romano cheese 18

DOLCI
Limoncello Layer Cake 7
 
GELATO
Mint Stracciatella 2

SORBETTO
Coconut 2, Todays Lunch Special

Baked Penne
A meat sauce tossed with ricotta cheese and penne, topped with mozzarella and baked  10

Zuppa
Minestrone  3/5, Please join us for a delightful evening of food & wine!

Fiorella's will be hosting a four course dinner & wine pairing at 7:00pm on Wednesday, April 24.

The evening will begin with a welcome reception at 6:30pm followed by dinner at 7pm. Head winemaker Giancarlo Guarnieri with Lanciola will be our guest wine expert for the evening. Our Executive Chef Earl Quinn, has created a delicious menu to compliment the wines perfectly!

Seating is limited! Please call 617.969.9990 to make your reservation., Tonights Specials
 
COCKTAIL
Blackberry Mojito
Fresh blackberries mudded with mint and lime, topped with bacardi and soda water 9

VINO
Carmen Gran Reserva
Chardonnay/Argentina 7/28 

ZUPPA
Chicken Vegetable Barley 3/5

ENTRÉES
Pesce Bianca
Dutch style mussels, fresh scrod, shrimp and calamari,
 prepared in a garlic white wine sauce with tomatoes, diced asparagus and a touch of spice
served over homemade fettuccini 26

Crusted Panko & Parmesan Chicken
Tender boneless chicken breast, crusted with panko and parmesan cheese
 prepared with mushrooms and cranberries in a madeira wine reduction
 served with risotto and roasted mixed vegetables 18

DOLCI
Limoncello Layer Cake 7

GELATO
Mint Stracciatella 2

SORBETTO
Strawberry with Dark Chocolate 2, Todays Lunch Special

Shrimp and Mussels fra Diavolo
simmered in a spicy marinara sauce served over linguini  12

Zuppa
Chicken Vegetable Barley  3/5, Our hearts and love go out to Boston and everyone affected by this tragedy, Happy Patriots Day & Marathon Monday!, Tonights Specials

COCKTAIL
Il Classico
A margarita made with tres agaves tequila, grand marnier, fresh lemon and lime juices, and a splash of o.j. 9

VINO
Napa Cellars
Chardonnay/California 10/40 

ZUPPA
Vegetarian Lentil 3/5

ENTRÉES
Seafood a la Vodka
Lobster meat, scrod, mussels and shrimp, simmered in a spicy vodka-marinara sauce with chopped asparagus, romano cheese and a touch of cream, served over linguini 28

Short Ribs Milanese
Tender boneless short ribs, braised with pearl onions, celery and carrots 
in a tomato-burgundy reduction, served over potato gnocchi 23

DOLCI
Wild Strawberry Cake
Short pastry filled with Chantilly cream and topped with glazed wild strawberries 7

GELATO
Gianduia 2

SORBETTO
Strawberry with Dark Chocolate 2, Scallops Lemoncello..., Tonights Specials

COCKTAIL
Il Classico
A margarita made with Tres Agaves tequila, Grand Marinier, fresh lemon and lime jucie 9

VINO
Napa Cellars
Chardonnay/California 10/40 

ZUPPA
Chicken & Tomato Barley 3/5

ANTIPASTI
Crab Meat Polenta
Twin polenta cakes, prepared with seasoned fresh crab meat
 served with Fiorella’s signature marinara sauce 11

ENTRÉES
Seafood Cioppino
Dutch style mussels, lobster meat and shrimp, simmered in a spicy pomodoro sauce 
with fresh herbs, served over risotto 27

Short Ribs Milanese
Tender boneless short ribs, braised with pearl onions, celery and carrots in 
a tomato-burgundy reduction, served over potato gnocchi 22 

DOLCI
Limoncello Cake
Marshmallow whipped topping & lemon cream filling 7

GELATO
Gianduia 2

SORBETTO
Strawberry with Dark Chocolate 2, Todays Lunch Special

Seafood Bianca
Shrimp, calamari and scrod sauteed in a spicy garlic wine sauce with tomato and asparagus tossed with penne and grated cheese 15

Zuppa
Chicken Tomato Barley  3/5, Tonights Specials

BIRRA
Downeast
Cider/Maine 6

VINO
Dona Paula
Torrontes/Argentina 7/28 

ZUPPA
Chicken & Tomato Barley 3/5

ENTRÉES
Pesce Puttanesca
Fresh shrimp, swordfish, scrod and mussels in a spicy plump tomato sauce with anchovies, olives, kalamata olives and capers, tossed with linguini and romano cheese 25

Veal Lorenzo
Tender veal sautéed with roasted red peppers, broccoli and prosciutto in a garlic-marsala wine reduction, tossed with penne pasta 19 

DOLCI
Limoncello Cake
Marshmallow whipped topping & lemon cream filling 7

GELATO
Gianduia 2

SORBETTO
Strawberry with Dark Chocolate 2, Share Fiorella's tradition with your family and friends. You can purchase a Fiorella's Gift Card right off of our website here- http://www.fiorellasnewton.com/gift-cards , Tonights Specials

BIRRA
Downeast
Cider/Maine 6

VINO
Dona Paula
Torrontes/Argentina 7/28 

ZUPPA
Minestrone 3/5

ENTRÉES
Shrimp & Lobster Ravioli
Lobster meat and ricotta filled ravioli, prepared with sautéed shrimp, 
artichoke hearts and asparagus in a pesto cream sauce 25

Veal Gorgonzola
Tender veal sautéed with roasted red peppers, peas and caramelized onions 
in a marsala reduction, topped with crumbled gorgonzola cheese, 
accompanied with mashed potatoes and broccoli florets 22

DOLCI
Limoncello Cake
Marshmallow whipped topping & lemon cream filling 7
 
GELATO
Gianduia 2

SORBETTO
Strawberry with Dark Chocolate 2, Come celebrate Opening Day at Fenway Park and the Red Sox's amazing win with us tonight!, Tonights Specials

BIRRA
Downeast
Cider/Maine 6

VINO
Napa Cellars
Chardonnay/California 10/40 

ZUPPA
Minestrone 3/5

ENTRÉES
Beef & Chicken Pizziaola
Beef tenderloin tips and boneless chicken simmered in a plump tomato-basil sauce
with peppers and onions, tossed with penne pasta and baked with fresh mozzarella 22

Pesce Puttanesca
Fresh lobster, shrimp, bay scallops and mussels simmered in a spicy tomato-basil sauce
with capers and kalamata olives served on a bed of linguini 26

DOLCI
Pear & Cranberry Bread Pudding
Served warm with vanilla gelato and butterscotch sauce 7
 
GELATO
Gianduia 2

SORBETTO
Strawberry with Dark Chocolate 2, No Saturday night plans? No such thing. We'll see you tonight!, Any plans for the Celtics game tonight? Come cheer them on with us!, Tonights Specials

BIRRA
Downeast
Cider/Maine 6

VINO
Deep Sea
        Red Blend/California 11/44 

ZUPPA
Corn Chowder 3/5

ENTRÉES
Filet Mignon
8 oz. beef tenderloin rubbed with cracked black pepper, pan-seared to your liking, 
finished in a brandy-cream sauce with mushrooms and shallots, 
served with mashed potatoes and seasonal vegetables 26

Paella Portofino
Fresh lobster, shrimp, bay scallops and mussels simmered in a spicy tomato 
and seafood stock with chorizo sausage and a blend of fresh vegetables 
tossed with creamy risotto and baked in our brick oven 29

DOLCI
Boston Cream Cake
Light yellow cake, bavarian cream & chocolate ganache 7
 
GELATO
Gianduia 2

SORBETTO
Strawberry with Dark Chocolate 2, Todays Lunch Specials

BIRRA
Downeast
Cider/Maine 6

VINO
Ecker
Grüner Veltliner/Austria 7/36 
 
ZUPPA
Corn Chowder 3/5

ENTRÉES
Seafood Limone 
Fresh scrod, shrimp and calamari, sautéed in a lemon wine sauce 
with vine ripened tomatoes, asparagus and artichoke hearts 
tossed with linguini and grated cheese 15

DOLCI
Boston Cream Cake
Light yellow cake, bavarian cream & chocolate ganache 7
 
GELATO
Gianduia 2

SORBETTO
Strawberry With Dark Chocolate 2, Fiorella's in known for making everything from scratch. What's your favorite thing to make from scratch?, Tonights Specials

BIRRA
Downeast
Cider/Maine 6

VINO
Dona Paula
Torrontes/Argentina 7/28 

ZUPPA
Corn Chowder 3/5

ENTRÉES
Yellowtail Flounder
Fresh yellowtail flounder filets simmered in a lemon-wine sauce with chopped asparagus, grape tomatoes and a blend of fresh herbs, served on a bed of spinach with risotto 19

Chicken Lazario
Boneless strips of chicken breast sautéed with spicy italian sausage, tomatoes and 
broccoli florets in a garlic-wine reduction, tossed with penne pasta, 
fresh mozzarella cheese and a touch of pesto 18

DOLCI
Chocolate Lava Cake
Served warm with vanilla gelato, fresh whipped cream and chocolate sauce 8

GELATO
Cookies & Cream 2

SORBETTO
Strawberry with Dark Chocolate 2, Todays Lunch Special

Chicken and Sausage Lazario

Sauteed chicken and hot italian sausage in a garlic white wine sauce tossed with broccoli and tomato over pumpkin gnocchi topped with pesto and fresh mozzarella  12

Zuppa
Seafood Chowder  4/6, Tonights Specials

BIRRA
Downeast
Cider/Maine 6

VINO
Dona Paula
Sauvignon Blanc/Argentina 7/28 

ZUPPA
Chicken Vegetable 3/5

ENTRÉES
Pesce Amatriciana
Sea scallops, shrimp and baby clams sautéed with pancetta and shallots
in a spicy marinara sauce, served over risotto 26

Chicken Lombardi
Boneless strips of chicken breast, sautéed with smoked pancetta,
roasted red peppers and spinach, in a garlic wine sauce,
tossed with homemade fussili and grated cheese 18

DOLCI
Chocolate Lava Cake
Served warm with vanilla gelato, fresh whipped cream and chocolate sauce 8

GELATO
Cookies & Cream 2

SORBETTO
Strawberry with Dark Chocolate 2, Todays Lunch Special

Shrimp and Mussels Bianca
Sauteed shrimp and mussels with tomatoes and onions in a spicy garlic white wine sauce tossed with linguini  15

Zuppa
Chicken Vegetable  3/5, Tonights Specials

BIRRA
Downeast
Cider/Maine 6

VINO
Dona Paula
Sauvignon Blanc/Argentina 7/28 

ZUPPA
Seafood Chowder 4/6

ENTRÉES
Pesce Arrabbiata
Fresh shrimp, swordfish and mussels sauteed with pancetta, capers
and shallots in a spicy marinara sauce, served over linguini 25

Stuffed Pork Tenderloin
Pork tenderloin stuffed with smoked pancetta, roasted red peppers, asparagus
and provolone cheese baked to perfection
and topped with marinara sauce, served with linguini 23

DOLCI
Chocolate Lava Cake
Served warm with vanilla gelato, fresh whipped cream and chocolate sauce  8

GELATO
Cookies & Cream 2

SORBETTO
Strawberry with Dark Chocolate 2, Happy April Fools Day! Known as "Pesce d'aprile" In Italy, a common practical joke is to tack paper fishes on each other's back and shout "Il pesce d'Aprile!" (April fish!), From our family to yours, Happy Easter!!, We will be closed tomorrow for Easter Sunday, and will reopen the following business day, Monday, April 1st., According to the Guinness Book of World Records, the largest Easter egg ever made was just over 25 ft high and made of chocolate and marshmallow. The egg weighed 8,968 lbs. and was supported by an internal steel frame., Todays Lunch Specials

BIRRA
Downeast
Cider/Maine 6

VINO
Penfolds Koonunga Hills
     Shiraz/South Australia 7/28 

ZUPPA
Seafood Chowder 
With shrimp, bay scallops and clams 4/6

ENTRÉES
Fish & Chips
Fiorella’s signature deep fried pollock filets, served with home style french fries, coleslaw, ketchup and tartar sauce 12

GELATO
Cookie & cream 2

SORBETTO
Dark Chocolate 2, Did you know? The average American eats more than 15 lbs of seafood each year. What are some of your favorite seafood dishes?, Did you know the states that consume the most wine are California, New York, and Florida?, If you could go anywhere in the world just to experience their food, where would you go?, Tonights Specials
 
COCKTAIL
Frost Bite
Ciroc vodka, white chocolate coconut liqueur and milk 9

VINO
Carmen Gran Reserva
     Petite Sirah/Chile 7/28 

ZUPPA
Spring Minestrone 3/5

ENTRÉES
Short Ribs Milanese
Braised boneless short ribs, with pearl onions, carrots and celery 
in a tomato-burgundy reduction, served over risotto 22

Seafood Balsamico
Sea scallops and shrimp, sautéed with summer squash, zucchini and tomatoes 
in a garlic wine sauce, served over a bed of mesclun spring mix and rice pilaf,
 topped with a drizzle of balsamic glaze 25

DOLCI
Pear & Cranberry Bread Pudding
Served warm with vanilla gelato, fresh whipped cream and butterscotch sauce 7
 
GELATO
White Chocolate Cranberry 2

SORBETTO
Dark Chocolate 2, Todays Lunch Special

Chicken Genovese
Sauteed chicken with panchetta, roasted red peppers, and artichokes in a pesto cream sauce tossed with linguini  12

Zuppa
Spring Minestrone  3/5, Buona Sera means "good evening" or "good night". Spend a good evening with us at Fiorella's. Inspiration from Italy. Hospitality from the Heart. 

http://ow.ly/jpokN, Tonights Specials

COCKTAIL
Frost Bite
Ciroc vodka, white chocolate coconut liqueur and milk 9

VINO
Don Paula
     Malbec/Argentina 7/28 

ZUPPA
Spring Minestrone 3/5

ENTRÉES
Pesce Arrabiata
Fresh scrod, shrimp and dutch style mussels sautéed with white wine, pancetta
 and shallots, tossed with linguini and a touch of marinara sauce 23

Filet Mignon
8 oz. beef tenderloin pan-seared to your liking, topped with a gorgonzola cheese cream sauce, served with mashed potatoes and seasonal vegetables 24

DOLCI
Limoncello Mascarpone Cake
Limoncello cake layered with mascarpone 7

GELATO
White Chocolate Cranberry 2

SORBETTO
Dark Chocolate 2, Did you know?  Italians lead the world in wine-consumption. On average, 18.5 gallons of wine is consumed per person a year in Italy,  compared to 6 gallons per person a year in the United States. Salute!, Did you know? In ancient Greece, a dinner host would take the first sip of wine to assure guests the wine was not poisoned, hence the phrase "drinking to one's health", Cocktail
Bourbon Smash
 
Vino
Penfolds Koonunga Hills
 
Zuppa
Zuppa del Mare
 
Entrees
Lobster Alla vodka
fresh lobster and dutch style mussels simmered in a spicy vodka-marinara sauce with chopped asparagus, romano cheese and a touch of cream over linguine
 
Filet Mignon
8oz beef temderloin pan-seared to your liking with gorgonzola cheese cream sauce, served with mashed potatos and seasoned vegetables
 
Dolci
Dream Bomba
peanut butter gelato with a caramel center covered with a chocolate shell
 
Gelato
White Chocolate Cranberry
 
Sorbetto
Dark Chocolate, Start your weekend off right tonight with our delicious Carne Trio Pizza - Pepperoni, imported prosciutto & sausage over our pizza sauce & mozzarella cheese, Tonights Specials

COCKTAIL
Bourbon Smash
Makers mark, fresh lemon, and mint  9

VINO
Penfolds
     Shiraz/Australia 7/28 

ZUPPA
Zuppa del Mare 4/6

ENTRÉES
Baked Lobster Pie
Fresh lobster meat baked in a sherry-cream sauce, topped with a crab and cracker stuffing, served with rice pilaf and asparagus 28

Filet Mignon
8 oz. beef tenderloin pan-seared to your liking, topped with a gorgonzola cheese cream sauce, served with mashed potatoes and seasonal vegetables 26

DOLCI
Dream Bomba
Peanut butter gelato with a caramel center, covered with a hard chocolate shell 6

GELATO
White Chocolate Cranberry 2

SORBETTO
Dark Chocolate 2, Todays Lunch Special

Seafood fra Diavolo
Scrod, shrimp and calamari sauteed in a spicy marinara sauce over linguini  15

Zuppa
Zuppa di Pesce
Scrod, swordfish, mahi mahi and baby clams in a tomato broth with mixed seasonal vegetables  4/6, Entertaining on Easter Sunday? Let us take care of the food!
 http://ow.ly/jixHW, Tonights Specials

COCKTAIL
Spring Fling
St. Germain, ciroc vodka, pomegranate liqeuer, and orange juice  9

VINO
Black Opal
     Shiraz/Australia 7/28 

ZUPPA
Zuppa di Pesce 4/6

ENTRÉES
Wild Striped Bass
Fresh striped bass filet, pan seared with grape tomatoes, peas and cannellini beans 
in a spicy garlic white wine sauce, served with roasted seasonal vegetable and risotto 23

Chicken Genovese
Boneless strips of chicken breast, sautéed with smoked pancetta, asparagus,
artichoke hearts and roasted red peppers in a pesto cream sauce, 
tossed with penne and grated cheese 18

DOLCI
Lemon Blueberry Bread Pudding Cake
Served warm with vanilla gelato and fresh whipped cream 7
 
GELATO
White Chocolate & Cranberry 2

SORBETTO
Chocolate 2, It's simple and delicious. Celebrate the start of Spring AND National Ravioli Day with our Cheese Ravioli Pasta: Ravioli filled with a blend of ricotta, romano & parmesan cheese, covered in Fiorella’s signature marinara sauce, Happy National Ravioli Day!

Todays Lunch Special...

Haddock fra Diavolo

Sauteed haddock in a spicy marinara sauce over risotto and broccoili 12

Zuppa

Clam Chowder  4/6, LIKE if you agree! “Dining with one’s friends and beloved family is certainly one of life’s primal and most innocent delights, one that is both soul-satisfying and eternal” - Julia Child, Tonights Specials
 
BIRRA
Original Sin
Hard Cider/New York 6

VINO
Carlos Serres
     Tempranillo/Spain 7/28 

ZUPPA
Chicken & Rice 3/5

ENTRÉES
Mahi Mahi
Fresh mahi mahi filet, pan seared with summer squash, zucchini and tomatoes,
 in a herb-lemon wine reduction, served over risotto and steamed asparagus 21

Fussili Al Forno
Hot italian sausage, sautéed with smoked pancetta, peas and baby spinach
 in a garlic white wine sauce, tossed with diced, locally sourced
 fresh mozzarella cheese and homemade fussili pasta 19

DOLCI
Lemon Blueberry Bread Pudding Cake 7
Served warm with vanilla gelato and fresh whipped cream

GELATO
Boston Cream Pie 2

SORBETTO
Chocolate 2, Todays Lunch Special

Chicken al Forno
Sauteed chicken with sweet sausage, mushrooms and asparagus in a tomato basil sauce tossed with penned and topped with melted mozzarella cheese  12

Zuppa
Clam Chowder  4/6, Busy day and no time to cook tonight? Let us handle dinner. Our Chicken Parmigiana pasta, made with homemade chicken cutlet covered with Fiorella’s signature marinara sauce & mozzarella cheese, served with linguini, is a great way to end your day!, Happy Saint Patricks Day! What are some of your favorite St. Pats traditions?, What is your favorite dessert to complete the perfect meal?, Tonights Specials
 
BIRRA
Original Sin
Hard Cider/New York 6

VINO
Black Opal
     Shiraz/Australia 7/28 

ZUPPA
New England Clam Chowder 4/6

ENTRÉES
Pesce Fra Diavlo
Fresh lobster, bay scallops, shrimp and mussels simmered in a spicy marinara sauce 
with broccoli florets served on a bed of linguini 28

Steak Diane
10 oz. coulotte steak seasoned, pan-seared and finished in a brandy-cream sauce 
with mushrooms, leeks, shallots, garlic and whole grain mustard,
 served with mashed potatoes and steamed asparagus 24

DOLCI
Pear & Berry Crisp
Served with raspberry sauce, fresh whipped cream and vanilla gelato 7 
 
GELATO
Boston Cream Pie 2

SORBETTO
Chocolate 2, "My favorite way to spend my Friday is______________" Tell us what you're doing today!, Todays Lunch Special

Fish & Chips 12, Chocolate-Hazelnut Ravioli will make for a great Thursday night snack! http://www.foodnetwork.com/recipes/giada-de-laurentiis/chocolate-hazelnut-ravioli-recipe/index.html, Fiorella’s got something for everyone in your group! We make adjustments whenever we can for vegetarians. On your next visit, discuss our meatless options with your server, Tonights Specials
 
BIRRA
Original Sin
Hard Cider/New York 6

VINO
Carlos Serres
     Tempranillo/Spain 7/28 

ZUPPA
Beef Barley 3/5

ENTRÉES
Steak Dijon Marsala 
Tender medallions of beef, pan seared with portabella mushrooms and roasted red peppers, with shallots in a marsala reduction with a touch of whole grain dijon mustard, 
accompanied with mashed red bliss potatoes and broccoli florets 21

Pesce Limone
Fresh scrod, shrimp, calamari and salmon, prepared in a lemon wine sauce 
with diced vine ripened tomatoes, olives and cannellini beans
 with a hint of herbs, served over linguini 26

DOLCI
Limoncello Mascarpone Cake
Limoncello cake layered with mascarpone filling 6 

GELATO
Boston Cream Pie 2

SORBETTO
Mixed Berries 2, It's National Scallops Day! 

Come celebrate with us and try our Scallops Lemoncello: Pan seared sea scallops with capers, vine ripe tomatoes, leeks, shallots & asparagus prepared in our unique lemoncello liqueur reduction with a hint of spice, served over risotto, Anyone planning their own Roman Holiday?

 http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9GzCG6lpFUw, Winter is almost over! What are you looking forward to in Spring?, Don't forget to turn you clocks FORWARD one hour before you go to bed tonight!, Do you remember the best dish you ever enjoyed? What made it so delicious?, Tonights Specials
 
BIRRA
Original Sin
Hard Cider/New York  6

VINO
DeLoach
     Pinot Noir/California 7/28 

ZUPPA
Minestrone 3/5

ENTRÉES
Pesce fra Diavlo
P.E.I mussels, lobster meat and shrimp, simmered with peas in a spicy marinara sauce, tossed with fresh homemade pappardelle pasta 
and grated romano cheese 28

Osso Bucco
Tender bone-in pork shank, braised with pearl onions, carrots, 
celery and green beans in a tomato-red wine reduction,
 served over a bed of risotto 23

DOLCI
Cranberry & Pear Bread Pudding
Served warm with fresh whipped cream, vanilla gelato and butterscotch sauce 7 
 
GELATO
Dulce de Leche 2

SORBETTO
Mixed Berries 2, Love our food, but can't make it to our restaurant? Give us a call at our Express locations, and we'll deliver free to your door! Our Brighton Express delivers to Brighton, Allston, Newton Corner, Newton Center & Boston College. Our Belmont Express delivers to Belmont Watertown & parts of Cambridge & Waltham. Like us on Facebook: 

https://www.facebook.com/FiorellasExpress, During there Blizzard like conditions, we have just the thing to warm you up...

Todays Lunch Special

Mahi Mahi fra Diavolo

Sauteed Mahi Mahi in a spicy marinara sauce over linguini  12

Zuppa

Minestrone  3/5, Tonights Specials
 
BIRRA
Original Sin
Hard Cider/New York  6

VINO
DeLoach
     Pinot Noir/California 7/28 

ZUPPA
Minestrone 3/5

ENTRÉES
Mahi Mahi
Fresh mahi mahi filet, pan seared with diced tomatoes, 
sweet peas and cannellini beans, prepared in a spicy garlic white wine sauce,
served over risotto and steamed asparagus 21

Steak Gorgonzola
Tender beef medallions, pan seared with caramelized onions and roasted red peppers, 
prepared in a marsala reduction, topped with crumbled gorgonzola cheese, 
accompanied with mashed red bliss potatoes and green beans 23

DOLCI
Limoncello Truffle 5

GELATO
Dulce de Leche 2

SORBETTO
Mixed Berries 2, Learn how to make our delicious pizza sauce right at home! http://how2heroes.com/videos/soups-sauces/pizza-sauce, Tonights Specials
 
BIRRA
Original Sin
Hard Cider/New York  6

VINO
DeLoach
     Pinot Noir/California 7/28 

ZUPPA
Minestrone 3/5

ANTIPASTO
Mussels fra Diavlo
P.E.I. mussels simmered in a spicy marinara sauce 5

ENTRÉES
Mahi Mahi
Fresh mahi mahi filet, pan seared with diced tomatoes, sweet peas and cannellini beans, 
prepared in a spicy garlic white wine sauce, served over risotto and steamed asparagus 22

Cranberry Chicken
Boneless chicken cutlet, prepared with mushrooms and dried cranberries 
in a port wine reduction, accompanied with mashed red bliss potatoes 
and green beans almondine 19

DOLCI
Limoncello Truffle 5
 
GELATO
Dulce de Leche 2

SORBETTO
Mixed Berries 2, One theory about the origin of the term submarine or 'sub' is that it started in a restaurant in Scollay Square in Boston at the beginning of World War I., Todays Lunch Special

Creamy Chicken Limoncello
Chicken medallions sauteed with asparagus, tomato, and artichoke in a creamy limoncello reduction tossed with tri-color tortellini  12

Zuppa
Chicken and Corn Chowder  3/5, Tonights Specials
 
MARTINI
Angelina
Prosecco, midori, and blue curacao 9

VINO
DeLoach
     Pinot Noir/California 7/28 

ZUPPA
Chicken & Corn Chowder 3/5

ENTRÉES
Tilapia Florentine
Fresh tilapia filet, pan seared with grape tomatoes, cannellini beans and olives 
in a lemon wine reduction, served over a bed of baby spinach and risotto, 
topped with a light drizzle of marinara sauce 20

Sun Dried Tomato & Mascarpone Ravioli
Sun dried tomato & mascarpone filled ravioli, prepared with diced asparagus 
and artichoke hearts in a marsala reduction, garnished with crumbled goat cheese 17

DOLCI
Limoncello Truffle 5

GELATO
Delce De Leche 2

SORBETTO
Mixed Berries 2, Your feedback is priceless! Share what you'd like to see more of on our Facebook page., Tonights Specials
 
MARTINI
Angelina
Prosecco, midori, and blue curacao 9

VINO
Vecchia Cantina
     Chianti/Italy 6/24 

ZUPPA
Chicken and Corn Chowder 3/5

ENTRÉES
Seafood Puttanesca
Scrod, shrimp, swordfish and mussels, simmered in a spicy tomato-basil sauce 
with kalamata olives and capers, served over linguini 25

Creamy Chicken Limoncello
Boneless strips of chicken breast, sautéed with tomatoes, broccoli florets and artichoke hearts, 
prepared in a creamy limoncello reduction with a hint of spice, 
tossed with penne and grated cheese 19

DOLCI
Limoncello Truffle
Lemoncello cream center surrounded with lemon cream and covered with crushed merinque 6
 
GELATO
Cookies & Cream 2

SORBETTO
Mixed Berries 2, Arancini, or “little oranges,” named from the rice balls’ appearance when they emerge from the deep fryer, are a traditional street food in Sicily dating back to the tenth century. They are deep fried balls of risotto stuffed with various fillings. 

What are some of your favorite Arancini fillings?, Share Fiorella's tradition with your family and friends. You can purchase a Fiorella's Gift Card right off of our website here- http://www.fiorellasnewton.com/gift-cards, Gelato was originally created in Sicily during the 16th century by Florence native, Bernardo Buontalenti. Now, Italy holds over 35,000 ice cream shops, selling creamy ice cream, gelato, and refreshing sorbet. 

Try out Fiorella's 'Gelato del Giorno' today., Tonights Specials

COCKTAIL
Bellini-tini
Absolut, peach schnapps, and a splash of orange juice topped with prosecco  9

VINO
Carlos Serres 
     Tempranillo/Spain  7/28 

ZUPPA
Clam Chowder 4/6

ENTRÉES
Osso Bucco
Tender bone-in veal shank, braised with pearl onions, carrots and celery 
in a tomato-red wine reduction, served over risotto 25

Pesce Cioppino
P.E.I mussels, lobster meat and shrimp, simmered with shallots 
in a spicy light pomodoro sauce with a hint of herbs, tossed with linguini 28

DOLCI
Dream Bomba
Peanut butter gelato, with a caramel center, covered with a chocolate shell 6

GELATO
Cookies & Cream 2

SORBETTO
Mixed Berries 2, How many of you grew up around Italian cuisine? What was your favorite Italian food to eat as a kid?, Todays Lunch Special

Fish & Chips  12

Zuppa
Clam Chowder  4/5, http://web1.how2heroes.com/videos/entrees/chicken-broccoli-alfredo 

Our Executive Chef, Earl Quinn shows you how to make the perfect chicken broccoli alfredo. It's the perfect weeknight dinner!, Italian food is "twice blessed because it is the product of two arts, the art of cooking, and the art of eating"-Marcella Haza

LIKE if you agree!, Tonights Specials

COCKTAIL
Bellini-tini
Absolut, peach schnapps, and a splash of orange juice topped with prosecco  9

VINO
Carlos Serres 
     Tempranillo/Spain  7/28 

ZUPPA
Minestrone  3/5

ENTRÉES
Pesce Alla Vodka
P.E.I. mussels, scrod, calamari and shrimp, prepared with diced asparagus in vodka marinara sauce with a touch of cream and a hint of spice, served over linguini  25

Chicken & Chorizo Balsamico
Spanish chorizo sausage and boneless strips of chicken breast 
sautéed with zucchini, summer squash and tomato in a garlic wine sauce, 
served over a bed of mesclun greens and risotto, drizzled with balsamic glaze  19

DOLCI
Lemon Blueberry Bread Pudding
Served warm with vanilla gelato and fresh whipped cream  8
 
GELATO
Coffee Stracciatella  2

SORBETTO
Mixed Berries  2, Todays Lunch Special

Seafood fra Diavolo
Shrimp, mussels and calamari simmered ina  spicy marinara sauce served over linguini  15

Zuppa
Minestrone (Vegetarian)  3/5, Tonight Specials
 
COCKTAIL
Bellini-tini
Absolut, peach schnapps, and a splash of orange juice topped with prosecco  9

VINO
Carlos Serres 
     Tempranillo/Spain  7/28 

ZUPPA
Zuppa di Pesce  4/6

ENTRÉES
Seafood Bianca
Scrod, mussels, calamari and shrimp sautéed with diced tomato and onion in a 
garlic white wine sauce tossed with linguini  25

Chicken and Chorizo Gorgonzola
Boneless chicken strips and chorizo sautéed with mushroom and roasted red pepper in a gorgonzola cream sauce tossed with penne  18

DOLCI
Lemon Blueberry Bread Pudding
Served warm with vanilla gelato and fresh whipped cream  8
 
GELATO
Coffee Stracciatella  2

SORBETTO
Mixed Berries  2, What are some of your favorite sauces? Marinara? Alfredo? Lemon~wine? Share them here with us!, Italy has been making wines for over 2800 years. What are some of your favorite wines?, null, Did you know? Parmesan cheese originated in the area around Parma, Italy. Italians also created many other cheeses, including gorgonzola, mozzarella, provolone, and ricotta., Tonights Specials

COCKTAIL
Coconut Cream Pie Martini
White chocolate coconut liqueur, disaronno, and liquor 43  9
VINO
DeLoach
     Pinot Noir/California 7/28 

ZUPPA
Zuppa Di Pesce 4/6

ENTRÉES
Paella
Fresh lobster, shrimp, bay scallops, mussels and chorizo simmered in a 
spicy tomato and fish stock with peppers, onions and sweet peas, 
tossed with risotto and baked with romano cheese 28

Short Ribs
Tender short ribs braised for hours in a red wine and tomato beef stock with fresh vegetables, served on a bed of potato gnocchi 25

DOLCI
Chocolate Lava Cake  
Served warm, with vanilla gelato, fresh whipped cream and chocolate sauce 8

GELATO
Mint Stracciatella 2

SORBETTO
Strawberry Stracciatella 2, Italy is often called Bel Paese, meaning Beautiful Country, "When I go to Fiorella's, I always order________." Let us know what your favorite dishes are!, Todays Lunch Special

Pizzaiola
Tender beef medallions sauteed with green and red peppers in a tomato basil sauce tossed with penne pasta and topped with shredded mozzarella cheese  12

Zuppa
Chciken Noodle  3/5, What are some of your favorite Italian wines?, Tonights Specials
 
COCKTAIL
Coconut Cream Pie Martini
White chocolate coconut liqueur, disaronno, and liquor 43  9

VINO
Vecchia Cantina
     Chianti/Italy 6/24 

ZUPPA
Chicken Noodle 3/5

ENTRÉES
Cranberry Chicken
Tender boneless chicken cutlet topped with mushrooms and dried cranberries, prepared in a port wine reduction, accompanied with mashed red bliss potatoes and asparagus 18

Seafood Amatriciana
Pan seared sea scallops, shrimp, baby clams and calamari, prepared with 
pancetta in a spicy marinara sauce, served over linguini 26

DOLCI
Limoncello Mascarpone Cake 6

GELATO
Mint Stracciatella 2

SORBETTO
Strawberry Stracciatella 2, Happy President's Day! Today, we would like to thank our forefather Thomas Jefferson, who brought a pasta making machine back to the states with him in 1789, when he returned to America after serving as ambassador to France. It wasn't until 1848 that pasta was first produced commercially in the U.S., and not until the late 19th century that it became popular., "Fra Diavlo" is Italian for brother devil., Have you signed up for our birthday club? Join now, and let us celebrate with you! Sign up here: http://www.rmgmail.com/web/pcf/1w/1, My idea of a perfect Friday evening is _________., “Everything you see I owe to spaghetti.”-Sophia Loren, Tonights Specials
 
BIRRA
Brooklyn Winter Ale
Brooklyn, New York  5

VINO
Vecchia Cantina
     Chianti/Italy 6/24 

ZUPPA
Beef & Tomato Barley 3/5

ENTRÉES
Beef & Sausage Pizziaola
Tender beef medaalions and spicy italian sausage simmered in a plump tomato-basil sauce with peppers and onions, tossed with penne pasta, and baked with mozzarella cheese 20

Mahi Mahi
Fresh mahi mahi filet topped with shredded red potatoes and leeks, seared to a golden crust and drizzled with a sweet balsamic glaze, served with risotto and asparagus 21

DOLCI
Dream Bomba 6

 
GELATO
Gianduia 2

SORBETTO
Mixed Berries 2, Did you know? The average American eats 193 sandwiches a year. What are some of your favorite sandwiches?, Tonights Specials
 
BIRRA
Brooklyn Winter Ale
Brooklyn, NY  5

VINO
Carlos Serres
Tempranillo/Spain 8/32 

ZUPPA
New England Clam Chowder 4/6

ENTRÉES
Beef Bourguignon
Braised beef medallions with pearl onions, carrots and mushrooms
 in a seasoned burgundy wine reduction served over fettuccini 21

Pesce Puttanesca
Wild scrod, shrimp, calamari and baby clams simmered in a spicy tomato-basil sauce 
with kalamata olives and capers served over risotto 25

DOLCI
Dream Bomba 6

GELATO
Gianduia 2

SORBETTO
Mixed Berries 2, Did you know? Americans consume 6 billion pounds of pasta each year. What are some of your favorite pasta dishes?, We will be closed at 4pm today for a company event. We'll see you tomorrow!, Did you know? The world's fastest pizza maker can make 14 pizzas in 2 minutes and 35 seconds., Did you know? Italy is said to have more masterpieces per square mile than any other country in the world, We will be open today at 2pm. Warm up with us!, We are closed today due to the winter storm. Stay safe and warm everyone., Valentine's Day is just around the corner, how will you be celebrating?, Tonights Specials
 
COCKTAIL
Raspberry Cheesecake Martini
Vanilla vodka, chambord, crème de cocoa and a splash of cream 9

VINO
Carlos Serres
    Tempranillo/Spain 8/32 
ZUPPA
Lentil 3/5

ENTRÉES
Mahi Mahi
Fresh mahi mahi filet pan-seared and finished in a lemon-wine reduction 
with cannellini beans, tomatoes and capers, served on a bed of arugula and risotto 22

Veal Lorenzo
Tender veal medallions sautéed with roasted red peppers, broccoli and prosciutto in a 
garlic and marsala wine reduction, tossed with penne pasta 19

DOLCI
Chocolate Lava Cake 8

GELATO
Gianduia 2

SORBETTO
Mixed Berries 2, Did you know? Americans consume 6 billion pounds of pasta each year. What are some of your favorite pasta dishes?, Todays Lunch Special

Vegetable Lasagna
Squash, zucchini, mushroom and broccoli layered with Fiorella's signiture marinara sauce  12

Zuppa
Chicken Stracciatella  3/5, Tonights Specials
 
COCKTAIL
Raspberry Cheesecake Martini
Vanilla vodka, chambord, crème de cocoa and a splash of cream 9

VINO
Carlos Serres
    Tempranillo/Spain 8/32 
ZUPPA
Chicken Stracciatella 3/5

ENTRÉES
Seafood Cioppino
Fresh shrimp, salmon, calamari and baby clams, simmered in a 
spicy pomodoro sauce, served over linguini 25

Chicken Abruzzi
Tender fried breaded boneless chicken cutlet, topped with peas and
 mushrooms in a garlic sherry cream sauce,
accompanied with risotto and asparagus 18

DOLCI
Chocolate lava Cake 8

GELATO
Gianduia 2

SORBETTO
Mixed Berries 2, Looking expand your knowledge of beer? Follow this guide! http://draftmag.com/new/feature/12-ways-to-do-beer-better/, Todays Lunch Specials

Salmon Genovese
Sauteed salmon, roasted red pepper and artichokes in a creamy pesto sauce tossed with gnocchi  12

Zuppa
Beef Vegetable  3/5, Tonights Specials
 
COCKTAIL
Raspberry Cheesecake Martini
Vanilla vodka, chambord, crème de cocoa and a splash of cream 9

VINO
Carlos Serres
    Tempranillo/Spain 8/32 
ZUPPA
Beef Vegetable 3/5

ENTRÉES
Seafood Florentine
Fresh shrimp, calamari and mussels sautéed with diced tomatoes and spinach
in a garlic white-wine sauce tossed with linguini 23

Chicken Carbonara
Tender strips of boneless chicken breast prepared in a cream sauce with
 pancetta and sweet peas tossed with penne pasta 18

DOLCI
Chocolate lava Cake 8
 
GELATO
Gianduia 2

SORBETTO
Mixed Berries 2, What does it take to make the largest pizza ever? About 19,800 pounds of flour, 10,000 pounds of tomato sauce, 8,800 pounds of mozzarella cheese, 1,488 pounds of margarine, 551 pounds of rock salt, 220 pounds of lettuce and 55 pounds of vinegar!

http://foodbeast.com/content/2012/12/19/apparently-the-worlds-largest-pizza-is-gluten-free/, Almost game time! Who will you be rooting for?, Did you know: Over 700,000 footballs are produced annually for official NFL use and 72 of them are used for the Super Bowl, Looking for an authentic Italian experience in the United States? There's an app for that! http://www.theitalianwayapp.com/, Haven't redeemed your Secret Surprise yet? There's still time! We're excepting all envelopes through the month of February. Did you receive a free appetizer, entree or gift card? Dine in with us, and we'll reveal your surprise!, Although the Pats won't be in this year's Super Bowl, they are nonetheless an NFL dynasty, having won three Super Bowls in four seasons, from 2001-2004, Tonights Specials
 
BIRRA
Jack’s Abbey
Jabby Brau/Framingham, Ma 6

VINO
Carlos Serres
    Tempranillo/Spain  8/32 

ZUPPA
Tomato Florentine 3/5

ENTRÉES
Beef Gorgonzola
Tender beef medallions pan seared with mushrooms and roasted red peppers
 in a marsala wine reduction topped with gorgonzola cheese accompanied 
with mashed red bliss potatoes and asparagus 22

Seafood Balsamico
Sea scallops and shrimp sautéed with tomatoes, summer squash and zucchini 
in a garlic white wine sauce served over a bed of fresh mesclun field greens 
and risotto drizzled with balsamic glaze 24

DOLCI
Chocolate Bread Pudding
Served with vanilla gelato and fresh whipped cream drizzled with chocolate sauce 6

GELATO
Mocha 2

SORBETTO
Raspberry 2, Learn how to make calamari this coming weekend, with this great recipe!
http://www.foodnetwork.com/recipes/giada-de-laurentiis/fried-calamari-recipe/index.html, Tonights Specials
 
BIRRA
Jack’s Abbey
Jabby Brau/Framingham, Ma 6

VINO
Deep Sea Red
Red Blend/California  8/32 
ZUPPA
Tomato Florentine 3/5

ENTRÉES
Chicken & Sausage Puttanesca
Hot italian sausage and tender strips of boneless chicken breast simmered 
in a spicy tomato-basil sauce with kalamata olives and capers served over linguini 18

Pesce Bianca
Fresh lobster meat, shrimp and mussels prepared with diced tomatoes and onions
 in a garlic white-wine sauce tossed with lobster ravioli 24

DOLCI
Chocolate Lava Cake
Served with vanilla gelato and fresh whipped cream drizzled with chocolate sauce 8
 
GELATO
   Dulce de Leche Stracciatella 2

SORBETTO
Raspberry 2, Did you know? The most expensive pizza record costs $30,000. 

Domencio Crolla made this pizza with edible gold, venison medallions, sun-blushed tomato sauce, lobster that had been marinated in cognac, some smoked salmon and caviar that was marinated in champagne., It's National Chocolate Day! 

Come celebrate with us, and try our delicious Flourless Chocolate Cake: A rich, warm, flourless, fudge chocolate brownie, served with a scoop of vanilla gelato & fresh whipped cream, In Italy, there are no leftovers., About 93% of Americans eat at least one pizza every month. Are you a part of that 93%?!, Tonights Specials
 
BIRRA
Jack’s Abbey
Jabby Brau/Framingham, Ma 6

VINO
DeLoach
Pinot Noir/California  7/28 
ZUPPA
Chicken Vegetable 3/5

ANTIPASTO
Crispy Sicilian Polenta Cakes 7

ENTRÉES
Cranberry Chicken
Panko crusted boneless chicken cutlet topped with 
a sweet port wine reduction, mushrooms and dried cranberries 
accompanied with roasted parmesan fingerling potatoes and green bean almondine 19

Yellow Fin Tuna
Fresh center cut yellow fin tuna pan seared and finished in a spicy white wine sauce 
with grape tomatoes, kalamata olives, corn and cannellini beans.
Served over risotto and steamed baby spinach 20

DOLCI
Chocolate Lava Cake
Served warm and topped with vanilla gelato and chocolate sauce 8

GELATO
 Dulce de Leche Stracciatella 2

SORBETTO
Blueberry 2, Spaghetti is the plural form of the Italian word "Spaghetto",  meaning "thin string" or "twine", Tongiths Specials
 
BIRRA
Jack’s Abbey
Jabby Brau/Framingham, Ma 6

VINO
DeLoach
Pinot Noir/California  7/28 
ZUPPA
Chili Con Carne 3/5

ENTRÉES
Mahi Mahi
Fresh mahi mahi filet pan-seared and finished in a lemon-wine reduction 
with tomatoes, capers and cannellini beans, served with risotto and asparagus 21

Chicken Gorgonzola
Tender strips of boneless chicken breast simmered in a gorgonzola-cream sauce 
with sun-dried tomatoes, and broccoli, tossed with penne pasta 18

DOLCI
Lemon & Blueberry Bread Pudding Cake
Served warm and topped with vanilla gelato and caramel sauce 7

GELATO
   White Chocolate w/ Cranberries 2

SORBETTO
Blueberry 2, Known as nature’s wonder drug, garlic is recognized for its wide-reaching medicinal properties. 

It has been credited with extending human longevity, preventing certain cancers, lowering cholesterol levels, reversing high blood pressure, resisting the common cold and overcoming fatigue. It's also one of our favorite ingredients to cook with!, Tonights Specials

BIRRA
Jack’s Abbey
Jabby Brau/Framingham, Ma  6

VINO
DeLoach
Pinot Noir/California  7/28 
ZUPPA
New England Clam Chowder 4/6

ENTRÉES
Chicken & Sausage Limone
Tender strips of boneless chicken breast sautéed with sweet italian sausage,
 sun dried tomatoes and artichoke hearts in a lemon wine sauce, 
tossed with diced fresh mozzarella cheese and homemade fresh fussili pasta 19

Shrimp With Lobster Ravioli
Lobster meat and ricotta filled ravioli, prepared with shrimp 
and grape tomatoes in a pesto cream sauce, tossed with grated cheese 24

DOLCI
Lemon & Blueberry bread Pudding Cake
Served warm and topped with vanilla gelato and caramel sauce 7

GELATO
   White Chocolate w/ Cranberries 2

SORBETTO
Blueberry 2, Have you had your secret surprise revealed? Dine with us, and share your surprise on our page!, Todays Lunch Specials

BIRRA
Jack’s Abbey
Jabby Brau/Framingham, Ma  6

VINO
Gabbiano
Chianti/Italy  7/28 

ZUPPA
New England Clam Chowder 4/6

ENTRÉES
Creamy Chicken Lemoncello
Boneless strips of chicken breast, sautéed with sweet peas, 
artichoke hearts and roasted red peppers in a creamy lemoncello reduction, 
tossed with gnocchi and grated cheese 12
 
GELATO
White Chocolate With Cranberry 2

SORBETTO
Blueberry 2, Tonights Specials

BIRRA
Jack’s Abbey
Jabby Brau/Framingham, Ma  6

VINO
DeLoach
Pinot Noir/California  7/28 
ZUPPA
New England Clam Chowder 4/6

ENTRÉES
Baked Lobster Pie
Fresh lobster meat baked in a delicious sherry-cream sauce and topped with a 
crab and cracker stuffing, served with risotto and aspargus 26

Pollo Florentine
Tender strips of boneless chicken breast sautéed with diced tomatoes and spinach,
 simmered in a garlic-cream sauce, tossed with penne pasta 18

DOLCI
Chocolate Lava Cake
Served warm and topped with vanilla gelato and chocolate sauce 8

GELATO
White Chocolate w/ Cranberries 2

SORBETTO
Blueberry 2, The colors of the Italian Flag, represent these virtues: hope (green), faith (white), and charity (red). What virtues do you hold dear?, What are some of your favorite Italian desserts? Tiramisu? Ricotta Pie? Cannoli? Share them here with us!, TOMORROW NIGHT: Pats vs. Baltimore Ravens at 6:30PM! Will you be at the game?, Looking for something light for lunch? Try our Roasted Beet Salad: Arugula & roasted beets topped with rasberry white balsamic vinaigrette, topped with goat cheese, Tonights Specials

BIRRA
Jack’s Abbey
Jabby Brau/Framingham, Ma  6

VINO
DeLoach
Pinot Noir/California  7/28 
ZUPPA
New England Clam Chowder 4/6

ENTRÉES
Baked Lobster Pie
Fresh lobster meat baked in a delicious sherry-cream sauce and topped with a 
crab and cracker stuffing, served with rice pilaf and aspargus 28

Filet Mignon
8oz. beef tenderloin pan-seared and topped with a roasted garlic and herb compound butter and a hint of gorgonzola cheese, served with mashed potatoes and green beans 24

DOLCI
Limoncello Truffle 
Lemon cream in a shell of crushed lemon meringue with a heart of limoncello cream 6

GELATO
Boston Cream Pie 2

SORBETTO
Blueberry 2, Have a Bella Notte with us this weekend! 

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1Er8wXuqdEY, Tonights Specials

BIRRA
Jack’s Abbey
Jabby Brau/Framingham, Ma  6

VINO
DeLoach
Pinot Noir/California  7/28 
ZUPPA
Minestrone 3/5

ENTRÉES
Encrusted Mahi Mahi
Fresh mahi mahi filet encrusted with shredded red potato, leeks and romano cheese, 
seared to a golden brown, drizzled with a sweet balsamic glaze, 
served over a bed of risotto and asparagus 21

Steak Tip Gorgonzola
Tender beef medallions, pan seared with roasted red peppers,
 broccoli florets and prosciutto in a marsala reduction, 
tossed with homemade fettuccini and topped with crumbled gorgonzola cheese 23

DOLCI
Limoncello Truffle 
A shell of crushed lemon meringue covering lemon cream with a heart of limoncello cream 6

GELATO
Boston Cream Pie 2

SORBETTO
Blueberry 2, Pepperoni is the most popular pizza topping in the United States. What are some of your favorite toppings for pizza?, Tonights Specials
 
BIRRA
Jack’s Abbey
Jabby Brau/Framingham, Ma 6

VINO
Gabbiano
Chianti/Italy 7/28 
ZUPPA
Minestrone 3/5

ENTRÉES
Encrusted Mahi 
Fresh mahi mahi filet encrusted with shredded red potato, leeks and romano cheese, 
seared to a golden crust, drizzled with a sweet balsamic glaze, 
served with risotto and asparagus  21

Stuffed Chicken Breast
Boneless breast of chicken filled with a chorizo sausage and wild mushroom stuffing, 
topped with a garlic cream sauce,and served with mashed potatoes and broccoli florets 19

DOLCI
Torta Limone 
Lemon cream, covered by a meringue flambé on a pastry base 6

 GELATO
Boston Cream Pie 2

SORBETTO
Blueberry 2, Hearty and delicious. Make your family a tender meal this weekend, with our Osso Bucco recipe: 

http://how2heroes.com/videos/entrees/osso-bucco-milanese, Tonights Specials

BIRRA
Jack’s Abbey
Jabby Brau/Framingham, Ma 6

VINO
Gabbiano
Chianti/Italy 7/28 
ZUPPA
Minestrone 3/5

ENTRÉES
Beef Cacciatore
Tender beef medallions, pan seared with mushrooms, green & roasted red peppers 
in a plum tomato-basil sauce, served over risotto 18

Pesce Puttanesca 
Fresh scrod, shrimp, calamari and baby clams, simmered in a spicy tomato-basil sauce
 with kalamata olives and capers, tossed with linguini 25

DOLCI
Torta Limone 
Lemon Cream, covered by a meringue flambé on a pastry base 6
 
GELATO
Boston Cream Pie 2

SORBETTO
Blueberry 2, Did you know?  Italians lead the world in wine-consumption. On average, 18.5 gallons of wine is consumed per person a year in Italy,  compared to 6 gallons per person a year in the United States. Salute!, Tonights Specials
 
BIRRA
Jack’s Abbey
Jabby Brau/Framingham, Ma 6

VINO
Gabbiano
Chianti/Italy 7/28 
ZUPPA
Lentil 3/5

ENTRÉES
Chicken Abruzzi
Breaded chicken cutlet flash-fried and topped with a sherry-cream sauce with sweet peas and mushrooms, served with mashed potatoes and broccoli 18

Red Snapper
Fresh red snapper filet pan-seared and topped with plump tomato sauce with fresh basil, capers, olives and a touch of spice, served with risotto and asparagus 21

DOLCI
Dream Bomba 8
 
GELATO
Boston Cream Pie 2

SORBETTO
Blueberry 2, Have you signed up for our birthday club yet? Let us celebrate with you! 
http://www.rmgmail.com/web/pcf/1w/1, Fill it in! "I'm looking forward to _____, _____ & ______ this weekend.", Tonights Specials

COCKTAIL
Parisian
Skyy vodka, chambord and pineapple juice, with a splash of prosseco 10

VINO
Gabbiano
  Chianti/Italy 7/28 

ZUPPA
Lentil 3/5

ENTRÉES 
Stuffed Pork Tenderloin
Pork tenderloin stuffed with a wild mushroom stuffing baked to perfection and toped with a gorgonzola-cream sauce, served with mashed potatoes and seasonal roasted vegetables 22

Red Snapper
Fresh red snapper filet pan-seared and topped with plump tomatoes, red onion, red peppers, and an olive blend, served with barley and butternut squash pilaf 25

DOLCI
White & Chocolate Mousse 
A layer of rich moist chocolate cake, dark and white chocolate mousse, 
topped with chocolate ganache 8
        
GELATO
Coffee Stracciatella 2

SORBETTO
Strawberry Stracciatella 2, If you could go anywhere in the world just to experience their food, where would you go?, Did you know? "Frutti Di Mare" is Italian for "fruits of the sea"., What is the best pizza you ever had from Fiorella’s?, Tonights Specials

COCKTAIL
Raspberry Truffle Martini
Chambord, liquor 43,
chocolate liqueur & a touch of cream 8

VINO
DeLoach
  Pinot Noir/California 7/32 

ZUPPA
Tuscan Chicken & Bean 3/5

ENTRÉES 
Chicken Fussili 
Boneless strips of chicken breast, sautéed with grape tomatoes and 
artichoke hearts in a lemon wine sauce, tossed with fussili and grated cheese 18

Pesce Cioppino
 Dutch style mussels, scrod, shrimp and calamari, simmered in 
a spicy light pomodoro sauce, served over linguini 25

DOLCI
Affogato 5
A scoop of a vanilla gelato, topped with a shot of espresso

Chocolate Fondant Cake 8
           
GELATO
Coffee Stracciatella  2

SORBETTO
Strawberry Stracciatella  2, http://www.huffingtonpost.com/2012/10/23/food-trends-2013_n_2005773.html 

Interested in 2013 food trends? Check out this article from the Huffington Post., Tonights Specials

COCKTAIL
Thin Mint Martini
Crème de cocoa, crème de menthe,
chocolate liqueur & a touch of cream 8

VINO
Gabbiano
  Chianti Classico/Italy 8 

ZUPPA
Tomato Vegetable 3/5

ENTRÉES 
Chicken Gorgonzola
Tender strips of chicken sautéed with diced tomatoes and spinach 
in a gorgonzola cream sauce tossed with penne 18

Seafood Puttanesca
 Fresh scrod and mussels simmered in a spicy tomato-basil sauce with capers
and kalamata olives tossed with lobster ravioli 23

DOLCI
Chocolate Fondant Cake 8

GELATO
Coffee Stracciatella 2

SORBETTO
Strawberry Stracciatella 2, http://www.fiorellasnewton.com/reservations 

Did you know you could make a reservation for Fiorella’s Italian Restaurant online? Use this link to reserve your table today!, For those of you who received a “Secret Surprise” last month, please share what surprise you redeemed via Facebook post, image, or video to our page! (UNOPENED envelopes redeemable until February 28, 2013), "Life is a combination of magic and pasta." - Federico Fellini. 
“LIKE” if you agree!, As a New Years Resolution, be more adventurous with your palette and try a new dish to eat!, What is your New Years Resolution? Ours is to continue providing our customers with delicious quality food., Happy New Year! Those of you who received a “Secret Surprise” envelope can redeem them starting today until February 28th, 2013., Tonights Specials

COCKTAIL
Metropolitan
Absolut mandarin vodka, limoncello and cranberry juice 8

VINO
Newton
  Cabernet Sauvignon/Napa Valley 11/50 

ZUPPA
Corn Chowder 3/5

ENTRÉES
Short Ribs Milanese
Boneless beef short ribs, braised with pearl onions, celery and carrots in a rich 
burgundy-tomato reduction, served over risotto 22

Halibut Filet
 Fresh halibut filet, pan seared with grape tomatoes and cannellini beans, 
prepared in a lemon wine reduction and fresh herbs, accompanied with 
parmesan crusted fingerlings potatoes and asparagus 26

DOLCI
Chocolate Lava Cake 8
Served a la mode with vanilla beans gelato
 
GELATO
Hazelnut 2

SORBETTO
Strawberry Stracciatella 2, And the count~down begins! What were some of your favorite memories of 2012?, We will be open all day today from 11:30~10, and open tomorrow for dinner at 4., Due to high demand, we've given away the last of our secret surprise envelopes! 

Those that received a "secret surprise" envelope may come in to redeem it starting January 1st until February 28th, 2013, We will be open all day tomorrow for New Years Eve, and open for dinner on New Years day. We will resume our regular business hours the following business day, Wednesday, January 2nd.

It's not too late to make a reservation for tomorrow! We're accepting reservations for all party sizes, and would love to celebrate the start of the new year with you! 

http://www.fiorellasnewton.com/reservations, Our Secret Surprise ends tomorrow!

Dine in with us today or tomorrow, and your server will present you with a “Secret Surprise”envelope. To redeem your surprise gift, bring the UNOPENED envelope back to Fiorella’s and give it to your server between January 1, 2013 and February 28, 2013.  

You could receive a free appetizer, entree, or dessert, $5, $10 or $20 off your bill, or a $50, $100 or $500 gift card to Fiorella’s.  If the envelope is previously opened, the gift will be voided., Did you know?
Tortellini is italian for "little pies", Celebrate the New Year with us! We're accepting reservations for all party sizes on New Years Eve. 

Make your reservation today:

http://www.fiorellasnewton.com/reservations, 2013 is almost here. Take the time to enjoy this weekend and the next few days to complete any last minute goals before 2012 comes to a close., “SHARE” this post if you remember the classic Seinfeld episode that made Festivus...a holiday for the rest of us. 

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=F73sMmb6CS0&feature=related, Celebrate the New Year with us! 

We are accepting reservations for any number of people for New Years Eve. 

http://www.fiorellasnewton.com/reservations, What was the best gift you received this Christmas?, We will be open for dinner tonight at 4, and will resume our regular business hours tomorrow, the 27th. 

We'll see you for dinner tonight!, null, Merry Christmas to all of the family members, friends, and patrons of Fiorella’s. We hope you have a holiday full of love, laughter, great food and wine!, Did you know? At Christmas, Italians eat a special bread-cake called "il panettone"., It's not too late to get a gift card for that special someone! Stop in before 4 today to purchase yours! 

Can't make it in? Ecards are available here:

http://swipeit.com/product/320/fiorellas, We will be open for all catering pick~up orders today from 11:30am-4pm. We will be closed tomorrow for Christmas, and will be open for dinner at 4pm on Wednesday, the 26th. We will resume our regular business hours on Thursday, the 27th. 

From our family to yours, Happy Holidays~, Looking for a dessert to make for a holiday party? Try this delicious Amaretto Chocolate tart from Giada!: 

http://www.giadadelaurentiis.com/recipes/946/amaretto-chocolate-tart-with-apricot-cream, http://swipeit.com/product/320/fiorellas 

Everyone loves gift cards! Click here to purchase a Fiorella’s Gift Card for those last minute presents!, Tonights Specials

COCKTAIL
Sleigh Ride
Vodka, oj, triple sec, lemon juice and grenadine stirred with a candy cane 8

VINO
Gabbiano
  Chianti Classico/Italy 8/32 

ZUPPA
White Bean & Escarole 3/5

ENTRÉES
Pesce Ala Vodka
Fresh lobster, shrimp, scallops and mussels in a spicy vodka-marinara sauce with 
chopped asparagus, romano cheese and a touch of cream, served on a bed of linguini 28

Steak Au Poivre
10 oz. coulotte steak rubbed in black pepper, pan-seared and topped with a brandy cream sauce with fresh mushrooms and shallots, served with mashed potatoes and broccoli 23

DOLCI
Dream Bomba 6
 
GELATO
Dulce De Leche Stracciatella 2

 SORBETTO
Raspberry Stracciatella 2, Fiorella's mission is to make you smile one meal at a time, every time. What dishes bring cheer to you?, Did you know? 

The pizza was invented in Naples during the 18th century.  
Originally, it was just a dry, flat bread. During a tour of her country in 1889, Queen Margherita of Italy tried some of the flat bread.  She liked it so much that she ordered her chef to prepare various types of pizza for her.  He decided to make a pizza containing the three colors of the Italian flag with mozzarella cheese (white), tomato (red) and basil (green).  He then named the pizza in her honor - Pizza Margherita.  It became one of her favorite foods., Tonights Specials

COCKTAIL
Sleigh Ride
Vodka, oj, triple sec, lemon juice and grenadine stirred with a candy cane 8

VINO
Gabbiano
  Chianti Classico/Italy 8/32 

ZUPPA
Chicken & Tortellini 3/5

ENTRÉES
Veal Abruzzi
Tender veal cutlet flash-fried and topped with a sherry-cream sauce with mushrooms 
and sweet peas, served with mashed potatoes and asparagus 19

Lemon-Herbed Shrimp & Scrod 
Fresh scrod and shrimp sautéed in a lemon-wine sauce with roasted garlic, rosemary, thyme tomatoes and artichoke hearts, served on a bed of risotto 22

DOLCI
Chocolate Lava Cake Ala Mode
Topped with vanilla ice cream and fresh whipped cream 8
 
GELATO
Candy Cane 2

SORBETTO
Raspberry Stracciatella 2, Fill it in! "I am looking forward to ______, _______, _______ this holiday season.", Tonights Specials

COCKTAIL
Jingle Juice
Vodka, oj, triple sec, lemon juice and grenadine stirred with a candy cane  8

VINO
Gabbiano
  Chianti Classico/Italy 8/32 

ZUPPA
Minestrone 3/5

ENTRÉES
Cranberry Chicken
Panko crusted chicken cutlet, flash fried and topped with a honey-port wine reduction, prepared with dried cranberries, accompanied with mashed potatoes and asparagus 18

Seafood Puttanesca
Sea scallops, baby clams, calamari and shrimp simmered in a spicy plum tomato-basil sauce with capers and kalamata olives, served over risotto 26

DOLCI
Chocolate Lava Cake Ala Mode
Topped with vanilla gelato and fresh whipped cream 8

GELATO
Candy Cane 2

SORBETTO
Raspberry Stracciatella 2, http://swipeit.com/product/320/fiorellas (IMAGE) 

Don’t know what gift to get someone on your list? Everyone loves gift cards! Click here to purchase a Fiorella’s Gift Card for those last minute presents!, Tonights Specials

COCKTAIL
Jingle Juice
Vodka, oj, triple sec, lemon juice and grenadine stirred with a candy cane  8

VINO
Gabbiano
  Chianti Classico/Italy 8/32 

ZUPPA
Minestrone 3/5

ENTRÉES
Chicken & Beef Pizzaiola
Tender beef tips and boneless strips of chicken, sautéed with peppers
 and onions, simmered in a tomato-basil sauce, tossed with
 penne pasta, and baked with mozzarella cheese 22

Shrimp Gorgonzola
Fresh shrimp sautéed with mushrooms and roasted red peppers
 in a gorgonzola cream sauce tossed with linguini 20

DOLCI
Chocolate Lava Cake Ala Mode
Topped with vanilla gelato and fresh whipped cream 8
 
GELATO
Chocolate w/ Almonds 2

SORBETTO
Raspberry Stracciatella 2, Have you come in to get your secret surprise yet? 

When you dine with us this month, you will be presented with a “Secret Surprise”. To redeem your surprise gift, bring the UNOPENED envelope back to Fiorella’s and give it to your server between January 1, 2013 and February 28, 2013. You could receive a free appetizer, entree, or dessert, $5, $10 or $20 off your bill, or a $50, $100 or $500 gift card to Fiorella’s. If the envelope is previously opened, the gift will be voided.

Come to Fiorella’s and grab a bite to eat, so you could kick off 2013 with a holiday treat!, Did you know? Before eating a meal, Italians say to each other 
"Buon appetito!" This means 'Good appetite!' and it is wishing everyone a good appetite so that they enjoy their meal.
Italians often say that a good appetite develops whilst you are eating., Our hearts and love go out to Sandy Hook and everyone affected by this tragedy. Our thoughts and prayers are with you., Our gift card promotion ends TODAY! Stop by Fiorella's to purchase a gift card, and get one for free!, On the dining table in Italian homes there is always water, wine and bread.  An Italian superstition is not to place bread upside~down on the table as it is considered to bring bad luck!, Let us take you out for dinner! Sign up for our Birthday Club, and dinner's on us! 

http://www.rmgmail.com/web/pcf/1w/1, Tonights Specials

COCKTAIL
Kahlua Kristmas
Kahlua, crème de cocoa, and eggnog 8

VINO
Gabbiano
  Chianti Classico/Italy 8/32 

ZUPPA
Beef Barley 3/5

ENTRÉES
Chicken & Sausage Pizziaola
Tender strips of boneless chicken breast with hot italian sausage simmered in a 
plump tomato-basil sauce with peppers, onions and romano cheese 
tossed with penne pasta and baked with mozzarella 19

Pesce Lazario
Fresh scrod, shrimp & sea scallops sautéed in a spicy garlic-wine reduction with broccoli florets and tomatoes, tossed with linguini, romano cheese and a touch of pesto 24

DOLCI
Brule Cheesecake 
Garnished with caramel sauce and fresh whipped cream 6
 
GELATO
White Chocolate w/ Cranberries 2

SORBETTO
Cranberry Orange 2, Did you know? Frutti Di Mare is Italian for "fruits of the sea", Tonights Specials

COCKTAIL
Kahlua Kristmas
Kahlua, crème de cocoa, and eggnog 8

VINO
Gabbiano
  Chianti Classico/Italy 8/32 

ZUPPA
Vegetable Lentil 3/5

ENTRÉES
Steak Tip Alla Marsala  
Tender beef medallions, pan seared with mushrooms, roasted red peppers 
and caramelized onions, in a marsala reduction, 
accompanied with mashed potatoes and steamed asparagus 20

Seafood Alla Vodka
Fresh scrod, shrimp, sea scallops and calamari, simmered with 
asparagus in a vodka marinara sauce with a touch of cream,
 tossed with fettuccini and grated cheese 26

DOLCI
Pumpkin Cheesecake 6
 
GELATO
White Chocolate w/ Cranberries 2

SORBETTO
Cranberry Orange 2, Is your office having a Holiday Party this season? Fiorella’s would love to provide for it. Click here for more information on our catering services!

http://www.fiorellasnewton.com/catering, Todays Lunch Special

Chicken Pesto
Sauteed chicken, roasted red pepper and artichoke in a creamy pesto sauce tossed with pumpkin gnocchi and grated cheese  12

Zuppa
Tomato Vegetable Barley  3/5, Tonights Specials

COCKTAIL
Kahlua Kristmas
Kahlua, crème de cocoa, and eggnog 8

VINO
Gabbiano
  Chianti Classico/Italy 8/32 

ZUPPA
Tomato Vegetable Barley 3/5

ENTRÉES
Lobster Ravioli Bianca
Lobster ravioli and shrimp prepared with diced tomatoes
 and onions in a garlic white wine sauce 19

Chicken Pesto
Tender strips of boneless chicken breast sautéed with mushrooms and roasted red peppers
 in a pesto cream sauce tossed with pumpkin gnocchi 18

DOLCI
Pumpkin Cheesecake 6
 
GELATO
White Chocolate w/ Cranberries 2

SORBETTO
Cranberry Orange 2, Today is National Pastry Day! Come indulge in Fiorella’s favorite Sicilian pastry- Our Chocolate Chip Cannoli!, We've extended our promotion!

Receive a free $20 gift card for every $100 gift card purchased today through Saturday, December 15th. Salute!, Do you or a family member have a gluten allergy or intolerance? Fiorella’s has a Flourless Chocolate Cake so you don’t have to skip dessert!, Tonights Specials

COCKTAIL
Kahlua Kristmas
Kahlua, crème de cocoa, and eggnog 8

VINO
DeLoach
  Pinot Noir/California 7/28 

ZUPPA
Vegetarian Mushroom Barley 3/5

ENTRÉES
Baked Lobster Pie
Fresh lobster meat baked in a sherry-cream sauce and topped with a shrimp and scallop stuffing, served with rice pilaf and asparagus 27

Lamb Osso Bucco
Tender lamb shank slowly braised in a port wine and tomato lamb stock with carrots, celery and pearl onions, served on a bed of pumpkin gnocci 25

DOLCI
Pumpkin Cheesecake 6
 
GELATO
Coffee 2

SORBETTO
Cranberry Orange 2, Keeping tradition is an important Italian tradition! What is your family’s weekend tradition?, Tonights Specials

COCKTAIL
Holiday Brandy Alexander
Brandy, crème de cacao, and eggnog 8

VINO
DeLoach
  Pinot Noir/California 7/28 

ZUPPA
Creamy Winter Squash 3/5

ENTRÉES
Chicken & Sausage Fussili
Boneless strips of chicken breast, sautéed with hot italian sausage, 
artichoke hearts and tomatoes in a garlic wine sauce, 
tossed with homemade fussili pasta and grated cheese 19

Pesce Cioppino
Fresh scrod, calamari, shrimp and baby clams, simmered with fresh herbs in 
a spicy pomodoro sauce, served over linguini 25

DOLCI
Limoncello Truffle 6
 
GELATO
Coffee 2

SORBETTO
Cranberry Orange 2, Our Gift Card promotion ends this Sunday! Stop in and get a FREE $20 gift card when you buy a $100 gift card. Can't make it in? Visit http://swipeit.com/product/320/fiorellas to purchase a gift card online!, It’s time to start thinking about Christmas cookies...What is your favorite Christmas cookie? Do you use a secret family recipe to make yours?, Todays Lunch Special

Pork Osso Bucco 15

Zuppa
Winter Squash  3/5, Tonights Specials

COCKTAIL
Holiday Brandy Alexander
Brandy, crème de cacao, and eggnog 8

VINO
DeLoach
  Pinot Noir/California 7/28 

ZUPPA
Corn Chowder 3/5

ENTRÉES
Pork Osso Bucco
Bone in pork shank braised with pearl onions, carrots and celery in a burgundy-tomato reduction, served with mashed red bliss potatoes and steamed asparagus 20

Baked Seafood Genovese 
Baked wild scrod, shrimp and calamari, prepared in a light pesto cream saucewith sweet peas, artichoke hearts and roasted red peppers, served over risottotopped with panko-sherry bread crumbs 25

DOLCI
Limoncello Truffle 6
 
GELATO
Coffee 2

SORBETTO
Cranberry Orange 2, This is for our vegetarians out there- What is your favorite Italian-inspired, meat-less dish?, Todays Lunch Special

Seafood Puttanesca
Scrod, calamari and shrimp simmered in a spicy tomato basil sauce with olives and capers served over linguini  15

Zuppa
Corn Chowder  3/5, Tonights Specials

COCKTAIL
Holiday Brandy Alexander
Brandy, crème de cacao, and eggnog 8

VINO
DeLoach
  Pinot Noir/California 7/28 

ZUPPA
Corn Chowder 3/5

ENTRÉES
Pork Osso Bucco
Tender pork shank braised in a red wine and tomato-pork stock with 
carrots, celery and pearl onions, served with mashed potatoes and green beans 20

Scrod Limone
Fresh scrod simmered in a lemon white-wine sauce with capers, 
served over a bed of linguini 18

DOLCI
Limoncello Truffle 6
 
GELATO
Coffee 2

SORBETTO
Cranberry Orange 2, Todays Lunch Special

Lemon shrimp and Scrod
Sauteed shrimp and scrod with capers in a lemon wine sauce over rice  15

Zuppa
Corn Chowder  3/5, And the gifts keep coming!

Starting TODAY and running through
Sunday, December 9th, Fiorella's and Fiorella’s Express are offering a gift card promotion:

Receive a free $20 gift card for every $100 gift card purchased. The promotion is valid both in-restaurant, and online! If you can’t make to our restaurant next week, visit us at www.fiorellasnewton.com or www.fiorellasexpress.com to purchase a gift card.

Buy a gift card, and get one for free!

From our family to yours, Happy Holidays~, "One cannot think well, love well, sleep well, if one has not dined well".- Virginia Woolf

Fiorella’s hopes you get to do all four this Sunday!, “Secret Surprise 2013” begins TODAY! Any guest who dines with us from December 1, 2012 to December 30, 2012 will be presented with a “Secret Surprise”. To redeem your surprise gift, bring the UNOPENED envelope back to Fiorella’s and give it to your server between January 1, 2013 and February 28, 2013. If the envelope is previously opened, the gift will be voided.

Come to Fiorella’s and grab a bite to eat, so you could kick off 2013 with a holiday treat!, Tonights Specials

COCKTAIL
Holiday Brandy Alexander
Brandy, crème de cacao, and eggnog 8

VINO
DeLoach
  Pinot Noir/California 7/28 

ZUPPA
Beef Barley 3/5

ENTRÉES
Chicken Gnocchi Pesto  
Tender boneless strips of chicken breast prepared in a pesto cream sauce with 
artichoke hearts and fire roasted red peppers, 
tossed with homemade potato gnocchi and grated romano cheese 18

Encrusted Mahi 
Fresh mahi mahi filet encrusted with a blend of shredded red potato, leeks, romano cheese and a touch of lemon, seared to a golden crust and drizzled with a 
sweet balsamic glaze, served with risotto and asparagus 21

DOLCI
Limoncello Mascarpone Cake
Limoncello cake layered with mascarpone 6 

GELATO
Cinnamon 2

SORBETTO
Strawberry Stracciatella 2, Starting tomorrow until December 31st, we will give all dining customers a “Secret Surprise” envelope that will include a special gift or discount. You could receive a free appetizer, entree, or dessert, $5, $10 or $20 off your bill, or a $50, $100 or $500 gift card to Fiorella’s., Happy Friday! Which one of your favorite wines would you drink to pair with our Veal Saltimbocca?, Todays Lunch Special

Seafood Bianca
Sauteed mahi, shrimp and calamari with tomatoes and onions in a garlic white wine sauce  15

Zuppa
Beef Barley  3/5, Tonights Specials

COCKTAIL
Holiday Brandy Alexander
Brandy, crème de cacao, and eggnog 8

VINO
DeLoach
  Pinot Noir/California 7/28 

ZUPPA
Beef Barley 3/5

ENTRÉES
Chicken Gnocchi Pesto  
Tender boneless strips of chicken breast prepared in a pesto cream sauce with 
artichoke hearts and fire roasted red peppers, 
tossed with homemade potato gnocchi and grated romano cheese 18

Encrusted Mahi 
Fresh mahi mahi filet encrusted with a blend of shredded red potato, leeks, romano cheese and a touch of lemon, seared to a golden crust and drizzled with a 
sweet balsamic glaze, served with risotto and asparagus 21

DOLCI
Limoncello Mascarpone Cake
Limoncello cake layered with mascarpone 6 

GELATO
Cinnamon 2

SORBETTO
Strawberry Stracciatella 2, http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HC2PF9r9Nhs 

It’s after Thanksgiving...and that mean’s we’re getting into the Christmas Spirit here at Fiorella’s. Listen to Frank Sinatra’s classic version of “The Christmas Song”., Tonights Specials

COCKTAIL
Holiday Brandy Alexander
Brandy, crème de cacao, and eggnog 8

VINO
DeLoach
  Pinot Noir/California 7/28 

ZUPPA
Chicken Vegetable 3/5

ENTRÉES
Chicken & Pumpkin Tortelloni 
Tender boneless strips of chicken breast simmered in a sweet madeira-cream sauce 
with hot italian sausage, roasted red peppers and sweet peas, 
tossed with pumpkin tortelloni and romano cheese 19

Encrusted Mahi 
Fresh mahi mahi filet encrusted with a blend of shredded red potato, leeks, romano cheese and a touch of lemon, seared to a golden crust and drizzled with a 
sweet balsamic glaze, served with risotto and asparagus 21

DOLCI
Limoncello Mascarpone Cake
Limoncello cake layered with mascarpone 6 

GELATO
Cinnamon 2

SORBETTO
Strawberry Stracciatella 2, “LIKE” if you believe no meal is complete without dessert! Come try our deliciously fluffy Ricotta Cheesecake., Todays Lunch Special

Shrimp and Pumpkin Tortelloni
Sauteed shrimp, broccoli, and pumpkin filled tortelloni in a madeira cream sauce  15

Zuppa
Chicken Vegetable  3/5, Fiorella’s is operated on “Inspiration from Italy. Hospitality from the heart.” What other places do you enjoy that stay true to a similar philosophy?, Todays Lunch Special

Lobster Ravioli
in a creamy tomato-basil sauce with spinch   12

Zuppa
Chicken Tomato Vegetable  3/5, Tonights Specials

MARTINI
Campari Cosmo
Skyy vodka, campari, orange juice 
and triple sec  8

VINO
DeLoach
  Pinot Noir/California 7/28 

ZUPPA
Chicken Vegetable 3/5

ENTRÉES
Braised Short Ribs
Tender short ribs simmered for hours in a red wine and tomato-beef stock with pearl onions, carrots and celery, served with mashed potatoes and broccoli 22

Lobster Ravioli Florentine
Lobster ravioli prepared with diced tomatoes and spinach in a garlic-cream sauce 18

DOLCI
Limoncello Mascarpone Cake
Limoncello cake layered with mascarpone 7 

GELATO
Cinnamon 2

SORBETTO
Strawberry Stracciatella 2, What is your favorite pasta sauce? a.) Tomato-Basil b.) Alfredo c.) Bolognese d.) Fra Diavolo e.) Butter & Garlic f.) Other (tell us!), Todays Lunch Special

Tortelloni Genovese

Sauteed chicken, tomato and broccoli tossed with asparagus and ricotta filled tortelloni in a creamy pesto sauce  12

Zuppa
Chicken Tomato Vegetable  3/5, The Holiday Season makes our spirits lighter, but unfortunately it makes our wallets lighter too. Fiorella’s wants to continue the season of giving for all of our patrons into the New Year with our “Secret Surprise” that will start next week...stay tuned for more details!, On December 1st, we will begin giving out Secret Surprise envelopes to all dining customers. Stay tuned for more information on how you can get discounts, free menu items and gift cards!, Tonights Specials

MARTINI
Campari Cosmo
Skyy vodka, campari, orange juice 
and triple sec  8

VINO
Gabbiano
  Chianti Classico/Italy  8/32 

ZUPPA
Seafood Chowder 4/6

ENTRÉES
Steak Au Poivre
10 oz. strip sirloin steak rubbed in black pepper pan-seared and finished in a brandy-cream sauce with shallots and mushrooms, served with mashed potatoes and brussel sprouts 24

Chilean Sea Bass
Wild chilean sea bass pan-seared and topped with a lemon-wine reduction with tomatoes, capers, and cannelloni beans, served with risotto and asparagus 28

DOLCI
Chocolate Lava Cake
Served ala mode with vanilla bean gelato and fresh whipped cream 8 

GELATO
Cinnamon 2

SORBETTO
Strawberry Stracciatella 2, Still feeling like that stuffed turkey from yesterday? Come by Fiorella’s for a lighter lunch and save holiday leftovers for the weekend., Fiorella’s would like to wish all of our patrons a Happy Thanksgiving! Eat, Drink and Be Thankful today., We will be closed tomorrow for Thanksgiving. We will re-open on Friday, the 23rd. From our family to yours, have a safe and wonderful Thanksgiving!, Tonights Specials

MARTINI
Campari Cosmo
Skyy vodka, campari, orange juice 
and triple sec  8

VINO
Gabbiano
  Chianti Classico/Italy  8/32 

ZUPPA
Vegetable Lentil 3/5

ENTRÉES
Pork Chop 
Bone-in pork chop grilled and topped with a red wine and tomato reduction with pearl onions, carrots and celery, served with mashed potatoes and green beans 22

Chicken & Shrimp Lazario
Tender strips of chicken breast and shrimp sautéed with tomatoes, and broccoli florets in a spicy garlic-wine reduction, tossed with linguini romano cheese and a touch of pesto 21

DOLCI
Chocolate Lava Cake
Served ala mode with vanilla bean gelato and fresh whipped cream 8 

GELATO
Mint Stracciatella 2

SORBETTO
Cranberry 2

HAPPY THANKSGIVING!, What is your favorite traditional Thanksgiving dish?, Todays Lunch Special

Shrimp Genovese
Sauteed shrimp simmered in a pesto cream sauce with tomatoes and broccoli tossed with asparagus and ricotta filled tortelloni  15

Zuppa
Vegetable Lentil  3/5, Tonights Specials

MARTINI
Campari Cosmo
Skyy vodka, campari, orange juice 
and triple sec  8

VINO
Gabbiano
  Chianti Classico/Italy  8/32 

ZUPPA
Vegetable Lentil  3/5

ENTRÉES
Pork Chop 
Bone-in pork chop pan seared and prepared with cranberries in a 
marsala reduction with a touch of whole-grain dijon mustard, accompanied with 
green beans almondine and mashed red bliss potatoes 19

Scallops & Shrimp Balsamico
Sea scallops and shrimp sautéed with tomatoes, summer squash and zucchini, in a 
garlic wine sauce, served over mesclun greens and risotto,
 and topped with a balsamic glaze 23

DOLCI
Pumpkin Bomba
Pumpkin gelato with a spiced white chocolate shell  5 

GELATO
Mint Stracciatella  2

SORBETTO
Cranberry  2, With the warmth of our open kitchen, as well as the glow of our wood~burning brick oven, it's great to have a homemade meal away from home!, Tonights Specials

MARTINI
Campari Cosmo
Skyy vodka, campari, orange juice 
and triple sec  8

VINO
Gabbiano
  Chianti Classico/Italy  8/32 

ZUPPA
Vegetable Lentil  3/5

ENTRÉES
Seafood Bianca
Fresh swordfish, shrimp and calamari sautéed with diced tomatoes and onions 
in a garlic white-wine sauce tossed with linguine  24

Chicken Florentine
Tender strips of boneless chicken breast sautéed with spinach, simmered
 in a garlic cream sauce, and tossed with penne  18

DOLCI
Pumpkin Bomba
Pumpkin gelato with a spiced white chocolate shell  5 

GELATO
Mint Stracciatella  2

SORBETTO
Cranberry  2, Todays Lunch Special

Swordfish and Shrimp Picatta
Sauteed swordfish and shrimp with tomatoes, capers and mushrooms in a lemon wine sauce over linguini  15

Zuppa
Lentil  3/5, Happy Monday! “LIKE” this post if you want to grab Fiorella’s for lunch today!, 4:25PM: Patriots vs. Indianapolis Colts. "Like" if you'll be at Gillette watching!, Have dinner with us tonight, and try our Espressotini: Stoli Vanilla Vodka, Kahlua, Baileys & a shot of espresso., Tonights Specials

MARTINI
Campari Cosmo
Skyy vodka, campari, orange juice 
and triple sec 8

VINO
Gabbiano
  Chianti Classico/Italy 8/32 

ZUPPA
Corn & Crabmeat Chowder 4/6

ENTRÉES
Baked Lobster Pie
Fresh lobster meat baked in a sherry-cream sauce and topped with a fresh seafood and cracker crumb stuffing, served with rice pilaf and asparagus 28

Beef Osso Bucco
Tender beef shank braised for hours in a red wine and tomato beef stock with carrots, 
pearl onions and celery, served with mashed potatoes and green beans almondine 24

DOLCI
Dream Bomba
Peanut butter gelato with a caramel center covered with a chocolate shell 6 

GELATO
Mint Stracciatella 2

SORBETTO
Cranberry 2, "My favorite way to spend my Friday is______________." Tell us what you're doing today!, Todays Lunch Special

Seafood Puttanesca
Albacore tune, shrimp and calamari sauteed in a spicy tomato basil sauce with olives and capers  15

Zuppa
Chicken Legume  3/5, Let us help with Thanksgiving dinner! We offer a number of great side dishes to go with turkey.

www.fiorellasnewton.com/catering, Make quick & healthy mini-pizzas this weekend to entertain friends & family or to satisfy the kids. Simply use wheat pita bread, a jar of Fiorella's Signature Marinara sauce, and shredded cheese of your liking. Bake on 400 degrees until cheese has fully melted. Cut, Serve, & Enjoy., Todays Lunch Special

Chicken Lorenzo
Sauteed chicken , roasted red peppers and proscuitto in a garlic marsala wine reduction tossed with penne pasta  12

Zuppa
Vegetable Barley  3/5, Tonights Specials

MARTINI
Almond Joy
Malibu, skyy vodka, disaronno, chocolate liqueur and a splash of milk 8

VINO
Gabbiano
 Chianti Classico/Italy 8/32 

ZUPPA
Vegetable Barley 3/5

ENTRÉES
Lamb Chops
Lollipop lamb chops pan seared with mushrooms, caramelized onions 
and dried cranberries prepared in a honey-port wine reduction, accompanied with 
green beans almondine and mashed potatoes 21

Brown Butter Sauce with Zucchini Noodles 
Wide fresh zucchini noodles prepared with grape tomatoes and a hint fresh sage 
in a brown butter sauce tossed with homemade fresh fussili pasta and romano cheese 17

DOLCI
Dream Bomba
Peanut butter gelato with a caramel center covered with a chocolate shell  6 

GELATO
Pumpkin Pie 2

SORBETTO
Cranberry 2, Any December birthdays? Sign up for our Birthday Club today, and enjoy dinner on us next month!

http://www.rmgmail.com/web/pcf/1w/1, Todays Lunch Specials

Chicken Genovese
Sauteed chicken, artichoke hearts and roasted red peppers in a pesto cream sauce tossed with penne  12

Zuppa
Chicken Noodle
Made with our fresh fettuccini pasta  3/5, Tonights Specials

MARTINI
Almond Joy
Malibu, skyy vodka, disaronno, chocolate liqueur and a splash of milk 8

VINO
Gabbiano
Chianti Classico/Italy 8/32 

ZUPPA
Chicken Noodle 3/5

ENTRÉES
Chicken Pesto
Tender strips of boneless chicken breast sautéed with mushrooms and roasted red peppers
in a pesto cream sauce tossed with penne pasta 18

Steak Pizziaola
10 oz. culotte steak pan-seared and topped with a plump tomato-basil sauce 
with peppers and onions, baked with mozzarella cheese and
 served with mashed potatoes and asparagus 22

DOLCI
Limoncello Mascarpone Cake 6
 
GELATO
Pumpkin Pie 2

SORBETTO
Cranberry 2, Case of the Mondays? Let us do the cooking for you! Dine with us tonight and try our Scallops Lemoncello: Pan seared sea scallops with capers, vine ripe tomatoes, leeks, shallots & asparagus prepared in our unique lemoncello liqueur reduction with a hint of spice, served over risotto, Todays Lunch Special

Scrod and Shrimp Picatta
Sauteed in a lemon wine sauce with capers, mushrooms and tomatoes and tossed with linguini  12

Zuppa
Clam Chowder  4/6, null, Our Fiorella's family would like to thank everyone who has bravely served our country., Pats vs. Buffalo Bills at 1PM. We'll see you for dinner after!, http://web1.how2heroes.com/videos/entrees/chicken-broccoli-alfredo    

Our Executive Chef, Earl Quinn shows you how to make the perfect Chicken Broccoli Alfredo. It's the perfect weeknight dinner!, Tonights Specials

BIRRA
Dogfish Head
60 minute IPA/Delaware 4

VINO
DeLoach
Pinot Noir/California 7/28
 
ZUPPA
New England Clam Chowder 4/6

ENTRÉES
Pesce Sofia
Fresh lobster, bay scallops, shrimp and chopped clams sautéed with sweet peas, tomatoes and onions in a garlic-cream sauce with fresh basil, tossed with asparagus and ricotta tortelloni and romano cheese 28

Steak Diane
10 oz. culotte steak pan-seared and finished in a brandy-cream sauce with 
mushrooms, shallots, garlic and whole grain mustard, 
served with mashed potatoes and asparagus 24

DOLCI
Limoncello Mascarpone Cake 7

GELATO
Pumpkin Pie 2

SORBETTO
Cranberry 2, How are you spending your Friday night? Let us know what you'll be up to!, Share Fiorella's tradition with your family and friends. You can purchase a Fiorella's Gift Card right off of our website here- 

http://www.fiorellasnewton.com/gift-cards, Tonights Specials

BIRRA
Dogfish Head
60 minute IPA/Delaware 4

VINO
DeLoach
Pinot Noir/California 7/28
 
ZUPPA
Tomato & Rice 3/5

ENTRÉES
Misto Di Carne
Tender medallions of beef tips, spicy italian sausage and chicken breast strips simmered in a sweet madeira-cream sauce with roasted red peppers, sweet peas and onions served with mashed potatoes and broccoli florets 20

Pesce Lazario
Fresh scrod, shrimp and mussels sautéed with broccoli florets and tomatoes in a spicy garlic-wine reduction tossed with linguini, romano cheese and a touch of pesto 22

DOLCI
Chocolate Bread Pudding
Prepared with challah bread & chocolate croissant served a la mode 7 

GELATO
Pumpkin Pie 2

SORBETTO
Blueberry 2, Looking for something light tonight? Our Roasted Beet Salad made arugula & roasted beets tossed with a raspberry white balsamic vinaigrette & topped with goat cheese is the perfect dinner solution., Todays Lunch Specials

Lobster Ravioli
sauteed with mussels, onions and tomatoes in a spicy garlic white wine sauce  12

Zuppa
Tomato and Rice  3/5

Gelato
Pumpkin Pie  2

Sorbetto
Cranberry  2, Tonights Specials

BIRRA
Dogfish Head
60 minute IPA/Delaware 4

VINO
DeLoach
Pinot Noir/California 7/28
 
ZUPPA
Tomato & Rice 3/5

ENTRÉES
Beef Tips 
Tender medallions of beef tips pan seared with mushrooms and roasted red peppers 
in a demi glace accompanied with mashed red bliss potatoes and asparagus 21

Lobster Ravioli Ala Vodka
Lobster meat and ricotta filled ravioli prepared with shrimp and asparagus 
in a vodka marinara sauce with a touch of cream tossed with grated romano cheese 23

DOLCI
Chocolate Bread Pudding
Prepared with challah bread & chocolate croissant served a la mode 7

GELATO
Dulche De Leche 2

SORBETTO
Blueberry 2, Just because you're watching your carbs doesn't mean you have to limit flavor and satisfaction! Try our pasta-free eggplant parmesan. 

http://web1.how2heroes.com/videos/entrees/eggplant-parmigiana, Tonights Specials
 
BIRRA
Dogfish Head
60 minute IPA/Delaware 4

VINO
DeLoach
Pinot Noir/California 7/28
 
ZUPPA
Tomato & Rice 3/5

ENTRÉES
Pollo Piccolo
Tender strips of boneless chicken breast sautéed with hot italian sausage, mushrooms and olives in a spicy garlic-wine reduction tossed with penne pasta and romano cheese 18

Pesce Florentine
Fresh scrod, shrimp, mussels and calamari simmered with spinach and diced tomatoes
in a garlic white-wine sauce tossed with linguini 25

DOLCI
Pumpkin Cheesecake 7

GELATO
Dulche De Leche
Stracciatella 2

SORBETTO
Blueberry 2, http://www.foodnetwork.com/recipes/giada-de-laurentiis/tiramisu-recipe/index.html

Looking for a Monday pick me up? Let Giada help you with this teramisu recipe!, Todays Lunch Special

8 ounces of perfect medium steak tips sauteed with peppers and onions in a tomato basil sauce tossed with penne pasta and topped with fresh mozzarella then baked  12

Zuppa
Tomato and Rice  3/5, Warm up with us tonight  with our Dark Chocolate Martini: Dark Chocolate Meletti Chocolate Liqueur, Old Monk Dark Rum with a splash of cream & swirl of chocolate, Can’t decide what you want for lunch? Let us help! Swing by Fiorella's to enjoy homemade soup and a fresh salad., TONIGHTS SPECIALS

BIRRA
Smuttynose
IPA/New Hampshire 4

VINO
Gabbiano
Chianti Classico/Italy 8/32 

ZUPPA
Creamy Potato & Leek 3/5

ENTRÉES
Beef Tenderloin Tips Au Poivre
8 oz. of beef tenderloin tips rubbed in black pepper, pan-seared and finished in a brandy-cream sauce with mushrooms and shallots, served with mashed potatoes and asparagus 24

Pesce Ala Vodka
Fresh lobster meat, scallops, shrimp and mussels simmered in a spicy vodka-marinara sauce with chopped asparagus, romano cheese and a touch of cream, served on a bed of linguini 28

DOLCI
Chocolate Lava Cake
Served ala mode with vanilla bean gelato and fresh whipped cream 7
 
GELATO
Dulce de Leche 
Stracciatella 2

SORBETTO
Blueberry 2, Todays Lunch Special

Seafood Bianco
Sauteed tuna, shrimp, tomatoes, onion and spinach in a spicy garlic wine sauce over risotto  15

Zuppa
Chicken Barley  3/5, Like if you agree: "Chi mangia bene, vive bene". Italian Proverb. Translation: "One who eats well, lives well", From our family to yours, have a save, fun and treat filled Halloween!, Todays Lunch Special

Chicken and Sausage Pizziaola
Chicken and hot italian sausage sauteed with onions and peppers in a tomato basil sauce over penne pasta and topped with fresh mozzarella and baked  12

Zuppa
Chicken Barley  3/5, TONIGHTS SPECIALS

BIRRA
Dogfish
60 minute IPA/ Delaware 4

VINO
Gabbiano
Chianti Classico/Italy 8/32 

ZUPPA
Chicken & Barley 3/5

ENTRÉES
Chicken & Sausage Cacciatore
Boneless strips of chicken breast, sautéed with hot italian sausage, mushrooms, onions, 
green and red peppers in a tomato-basil sauce, tossed with linguini 20
 
Seafood Ala Vodka
Lobster meat and dutch style mussels simmered in a vodka marinara sauce with a touch of cream, tossed with fresh homemade fussili pasta and romano cheese 26

DOLCI
Blueberry & Lemon Bread Pudding
Served ala mode with vanilla bean gelato, raspberry sauce and fresh whipped cream 7
 
GELATO
Coffee Stracciatella 2

SORBETTO
Blueberry 2, What are your Halloween plans?, Todays Lunch Special

Chicken and Sausage Cacciatore
Sauteed chicken and hot sausage with onions and green and red peppers in a tomato basil sauce tossed with linguini  12

Zuppa
Lentil  3/5, The world's fastest pizza maker can make THREE pizzas in 39.1 seconds!, Have lunch with us and watch the Pats vs. Louis Rams at 1pm!, "Fettuccine Alfredo is macaroni and cheese for adults." - Mitch Hedburg. Come on in and try ours today!, TONIGHTS SPECIALS

MARTINI
Almond Joy
Stoli chocolate coconut, disaronno,
meletti ciocolatti and a splash of milk 8

VINO
Gabbiano
Chianti Classico/Italy 8/32 

ZUPPA
Cajun Corn Chowder 3/5

ANTIPASTO
Fried Polenta Cakes 3/5
Flash fried florentine style polenta cakes served with our signature marinara sauce 7

ENTRÉES
Braised Short Ribs
Tender boneless short ribs braised with pearl onions, carrots and 
celery in a red wine-tomato reduction served over risotto 22
 
Lobster & Shrimp Genovese 
Lobster mea, and shrim, prepared with asparagus and tomatoes in a pesto cream sauce
tossed with homemade fresh fettuccini pasta 28

DOLCI
Dream Bomba
Peanut butter gelato with a caramel center and a hard chocolate shell 6
 
GELATO
White Chocolate
 with Cranberries 2

SORBETTO
Blueberry 2, It’s Friday! Salute to finishing yet another work week with one of our cocktails like the Sicilian Mai Tai, made with Skyy Blood Orange, pineapple, cranberry & orange juice., Todays Lunch Special

Seafood Florentine
Shrimp, scrod and calamari simmered in a garlic white wine sauce with diced tomatoes and spinach over linguini  15

Zuppa
Cajun Corn Chowder  4/6, The term "Al Dente" comes from Italian and means "to the tooth" or "to the bite"., Unfortunately we are closed for the evening but we will be up and running again for opening at our usual time tomorrow. We apologize for any inconvenience, Still powerless but it is being worked on. We will keep you all updated, Throwing a Halloween Party? Let us take care of the food! http://www.fiorellasnewton.com/catering, Afternoon Fiorellas fans. We are currently experiencing a temporary power outage prohibiting us from opening. Please stay tuned for updates on opening., Todays Lunch Special

Pesce fra Diavolo
Shrimp, scrod and p.e.i mussels simmered in a spicy marinara sauce over linguini  15

Zuppa
Chicken and Rice  3/5, TONIGHTS SPECIALS

MARTINI
Almond Joy
Stoli chocolate coconut, disaronno,
meletti ciocolatti and a splash of milk 8

VINO
Llama
Malbec /Argentina 9/36 

ZUPPA
Chicken with Rice 3/5

ANTIPASTI
Mussels Bianca
A garlic white-wine sauce simmered
 with diced tomatoes, onions and p.e.i mussels 9

ENTRÉES
Pesce Ala Vodka
Fresh lobster meat, scrod, shrimp and p.e.i. mussels simmered in a spicy vodka-marinara sauce with chopped asparagus, romano cheese and a touch of cream, served over linguini 27

Filet Mignon
A tender 8 oz. center-cut beef tenderloin pan-seared and topped with a red wine and beef demi-glace with mushrooms and roasted red peppers, served with mashed potatoes and broccoli florets 24

DOLCI
Dream Bomba
Peanut butter gelato with a caramel center and a hard chocolate shell 6

GELATO
White Chocolate
 with Cranberries 2

SORBETTO
Apple Cider 2, Busy day and no time to cook tonight? Let us handle dinner. 

Our Fusilli Bolognese made with braised ground beef, veal & pork simmered with diced carrots, onions & crushed tomatoes, & tossed tossed with our fusilli pasta is the perfect way to end the day!, Todays Lunch Special

Scrod Berona
Scrod, mushrooms, capers and sundried tomatoes in a garlic white wine sauce tossed with penne pasta  12

Zuppa

Chicken and Rice  3/5, We'll see you tonight for the Pats vs. Jets game at 4:25!, It's apple~picking time! Parlee Farms is a great place to spend the afternoon picking apples AND pumpkins for the perfect jack-o-lantern carving. Be sure to stop in for lunch before you head out with the kids! 

http://parleefarms.com/, TONIGHTS SPECIALS

BIRRA
Yeti
Imperial Stout/Colorado 4

VINO
Llama
Malbec /Argentina 9/36 

ZUPPA
Seafood Chowder
A delicious blend of mahi mahi, swordfish, scallops, shrimp and mussels
in a new england style chowder 4/6

ENTRÉES
Pesce Puttanesca
Fresh lobster meat, bay scallops, shrimp and p.e.i. mussels simmered in a spicy tomato-basil sauce with olives, anchovies and capers, tossed with penne pasta and romano cheese 28

Filet Mignon
A tender 8 oz. center cut beef tenderloin pan-seared and topped with a red wine and beef demi-glace with mushrooms and roasted red peppers, served with mashed potatoes and broccoli florets 26

DOLCI
Carrot Cake Bomba
Garnished with fresh whipped cream 6 

GELATO
White Chocolate with
Cranberries 2

SORBETTO
Apple Cider 2, Happy Friday! Come kick-off the weekend and bring your friends over for a delicious dinner. Try the Antipasto Plate: Salami picante, mortadella, imported prosciutto, parmigiana reggiano cheese, marinated artichoke hearts, kalamata olives, eggplant confit & roasted red pepper, Todays Lunch Special

Lobster Ravioli with Shrimp
in a spicy white wine sauce with tomatoes and onions  15

Zuppa
Seafood Chowder
Mahi mahi, swordfish, mussels, scallops and shrimp with pancetta, TONIGHTS SPECIALS

BIRRA
Yeti
Imperial Stout/CO 4

VINO
Llama
Malbec /Argentina 9/36 

ZUPPA
 Sausage & Vegetable 3/5

ENTRÉES
Mahi Mahi
Fresh mahi mahi filet pan-seared and finished in a lemon-wine reduction with 
tomatoes, capers and cannellini beans, served on a bed of baby arugula with risotto 20

Chicken & Chorizo Madeira
Tender strips of boneless chicken breast and chorizo sausage simmered in a 
sweet Madeira-cream sauce with roasted red peppers, onions and sweet peas, 
tossed with penne pasta and romano cheese 19

DOLCI
Carrot Cake Bomba
Garnished with fresh whipped cream 6

SORBETTO
Apple Cider 2, Fill in the blank: My favorite Autumn cocktail is ________., TONIGHTS SPECIALS

BIRRA
Yeti
Imperial Stout/CO 4

VINO
Llama
Malbec /Argentina 9/36 

ZUPPA
 Sausage & Vegetable 3/5

ENTRÉES
Mahi Mahi
Fresh mahi mahi filet pan-seared and finished in a lemon-wine reduction with 
tomatoes, capers and cannellini beans, served on a bed of baby arugula with risotto 20

Chicken & Beef Piccolo
Tender beef tips and strips of boneless chicken breast sautéed in a spicy garlic-wine reduction with mushrooms and a blend of olives, tossed with linguini and romano cheese 21

DOLCI
Carrot Cake Bomba
Garnished with fresh whipped cream 6 

GELATO
     Pumpkin Pie 2

SORBETTO
     Apple Cider 2, Like if you agree!  “Dining with one’s friends and beloved family is certainly one of life’s primal and most innocent delights, one that is both soul-satisfying and eternal” - Julia Child, Todays Lunch Special

Shrimp and Mussels Putanesca
Shrimp and mussels simmered in a spicy tomato basil sauce with olives and capers tossed with linguini and romano cheese  12

Zuppa
Sausage and Vegetable  3/5, TONIGHTS SPECIALS

BIRRA
Dogfish IPA
Delaware 4

VINO
Llama
Malbec /Argentina 9/36 

ZUPPA
 Sausage & Vegetable 3/5

ENTRÉES
Lobster Ravioli
Ravioli filled with lobster and ricotta simmered in a spicy white wine reduction
 with fresh P.E.I. mussels, fresh lobster meat, onions and tomatoes 
tossed with romano cheese 22

Steak Tip Carbonara
Tender beef tips, pan seared with pancetta and sweet peas,
 in an alfredo sauce, tossed with penne pasta 21

DOLCI
Carrot Cake Bomba
Garnished with fresh whipped cream 6 

GELATO
     Pumpkin Pie 2

SORBETTO
     Apple Cider 2, Love our Marsala wine? This wine not only is named after an area of Italy, but actually originated from that area. Marsala is a wine produced in the region surrounding the Italian city of Marsala, in Sicily., Todays Lunch Special

Mussels fra Diavolo
PEI mussels sauteed in a spicy marinara sauce over linguini  12

Zuppa
Hot Sausage and Vegetable  3/5, TONIGHTS SPECIALS

BIRRA
Dogfish IPA
Delaware 4

VINO
Llama
Malbec /Argentina 9/36 

ZUPPA
 Sausage & Vegetable 3/5

ANTIPASTI
Mussels Bianca
P.E.I. mussels simmered with diced tomatoes, onions 
and garlic, in a spicy white-wine sauce 9

ENTRÉES
Pesce Fra Diavlo
Maine lobster meat, P.E.I mussels and shrimp, 
simmered in a spicy marinara sauce, tossed with linguini 27

Steak Tip Carbonara
Tender beef tips, pan seared with pancetta and sweet peas,
 in a cream sauce, tossed with penne pasta 21

DOLCI
Limoncello Mascarpone Cake
Garnished with raspberry sauce and fresh whipped cream 6 

GELATO
     Pumpkin Pie 2

SORBETTO
       Apple Cider 2, Got a case of the Mondays? Take a break from slaving over the stove and come in for a relaxing dinner at Fiorella’s.

Try our Chicken Parmigiana: made with home~made chicken cutlets, covered in our Fiorella's signature marinara sauce, topped with mozzarella cheese over linguini., Todays Lunch Special

Chicken and Sausage Burgundy
Sauteed chicken and hot italian sausage in a burgundy wine reduction with pearl onions, carrots and celery over risotto  12

Zuppa
Chicken Barley  3/5, Pats vs. Seattle Seahawks tonight at 4:05!, TONIGHTS SPECIALS

BIRRA
Shipyard Pumpkinhead
Portland, Maine 6

VINO
Llama
Malbec /Argentina 9/36 

ZUPPA
Roasted Butternut Squash & Apple 3/5

ENTRÉES
Pesce Amatriciana
Maine’s lobster meat, P.E.I mussels and shrimp, prepared with diced pancetta 
and chopped shallots, simmered in a spicy marinara sauce, served over linguini 28

Veal Osso Bucco 
Tender veal shanks, slowly braised with pearl onions, carrots and celery in 
a hearty tomato-veal stock reduction, served over a bed of risotto 23

DOLCI
Lemon Meringue Torte
Garnished with raspberry sauce 6 

GELATO
    Cookies & Cream 2

SORBETTO
     Apple Cider 2, Bring the whole family out to the Newton Harvest Fair this weekend! After a day of fun activities, join us for dinner! 

http://www.newtoncommunitypride.org/harvest-fair.html, Todays Lunch Special

Seafood fra Diavolo
Scrod, shrimp and calamari simmered in a spicy marinara sauce tossed with linguini  15

Zuppa
Beef Vegetable and Rice  3/5, TONIGHTS SPECIALS

BIRRA
Shipyard Pumpkinhead
Portland, Maine 6

VINO
Llama
Malbec /Argentina 9/36 

ZUPPA
Roasted Butternut Squash & Apple 3/5

ENTRÉES
Albacore Tuna & Shrimp
Fresh albacore tuna loin pan-seared with shrimp, asparagus, tomatoes and cannellini beans 
in a lemoncello-cream sauce with a hint of spice, served over a bed of risotto 25

Chorizo Sausage & Chicken 
Spanish spicy chorizo sausage, sautéed with boneless strips of chicken breast, 
sun-dried tomatoes and artichoke hearts, prepared in a lemon wine sauce, 
tossed with diced fresh mozzarella cheese and homemade fettuccini 20

DOLCI
Lemon Meringue Torte
Served with raspberry sauce 8 

GELATO
        Cookies & Cream 2

SORBETTO
                   Apple Cider 2, What's your favorite kind of pizza sauce?, What's October without pumpkin pie? Learn how to make this amazing dessert with Paula Dean! 

http://www.foodnetwork.com/recipes/paula-deen/pumpkin-pie-recipe/index.html, Todays Lunch Special

Chicken Sofia
Chicken sauteed with tomatoes and peas in a spicy garlic marsala wine reduction tossed with penne pasta and a touch of pesto  12

Zuppa
Beef, Rice and Vegetable  3/5, TONIGHTS SPECIALS

BIRRA
Shipyard Pumpkinhead
Portland, Maine 6

VINO
Deep Sea
Chardonnay /California 7/28 

ZUPPA
Beef & Rice 3/5

ENTRÉES
Shrimp & Scrod Sofia
Fresh scrod and shrimp sautéed with tomatoes and sweet peas in a spicy garlic-wine reduction tossed with penne pasta, romano cheese and a touch of pesto 22

Pork Chop Madeira
Tender 12 oz. pork chop pan-seared and topped with a sweet madeira cream sauce with roasted red peppers and onions, served with mashed potatoes and asparagus 20

DOLCI
Chocolate Lava Cake
Served ala mode with vanilla bean gelato and fresh whipped cream 8 

GELATO
        Cookies & Cream 2

SORBETTO
                    Pear 2, Todays Lunch Special

Chicken Lorenzo
Sauteed chicken with roasted red peppers, broccoli and proscuitto in a garlic marsala wine sauce tossed with penne pasta  12

Zuppa
Beef and Vegetable  3/5, Have a birthday coming up? Sign up for our Birthday Club, and we'll make you a home~cooked meal! 

http://www.rmgmail.com/web/pcf/1w/1, Fall is in the air! Come warm up with us tonight!, TONIGHTS SPECIALS

BIRRA
Shipyard Pumpkinhead
Portland, Maine 6

VINO
Deep Sea
Chardonnay /California 7/28 

ZUPPA
Beef & Vegetable 3/5

ENTRÉES
Pesce Ala Vodka
Fresh lobster, P.E.I mussels, shrimp and scallops simmered in a spicy vodka-marinara sauce with chopped asparagus, romano cheese and a touch of cream, served on a bed of linguini 27

Steak Au Poivre
Tender ribeye steak rubbed in black pepper, pan-seared and topped with a brandy-cream sauce with mushrooms, shallots and garlic, served with mashed potatoes and broccoli 24

DOLCI
Chocolate Lava Cake
Served ala mode with vanilla bean gelato and fresh whipped cream 8 

GELATO
Cookies & Cream 2

SORBETTO
Pear 2, Happy Columbus Day!

Todays Lunch Specials

Columbus Carbonara
Sauteed chicken with panchetta and peas in a cream sauce tossed with penne pasta  12

Zuppa
Clam Chowder  3/5, Join us at our bar for the Patriots vs. Broncos game tonight at 4:25!, No Saturday night plans? No such thing. We'll see you tonight!, TONIGHTS SPECIALS

BIRRA
Shipyard Pumpkinhead
Portland, Maine 6

VINO
Deep Sea
Chardonnay /California 7/28 

ZUPPA
New England Clam Chowder 4/6

ENTRÉES
Pesce Contadino
Fresh lobster, P.E.I mussels, shrimp and scrod simmered in a spicy tomato sauce with a blend of fresh vegetables, tossed with penne pasta and romano cheese 28

Ribeye Pizziaola
Tender ribeye of beef pan-seared and topped with a tomato-basil sauce with peppers and onions and baked with mozzarella cheese, served with mashed potatoes and green beans 26

DOLCI
Chocolate Nocciola Cake
Triple layer chocolate sponge cake filled with rich chocolate hazelnut cream, 
decorated with chocolate curls 6 

GELATO
          Dulce De Leche 2

SORBETTO
                    Pear 2, Happy Friday! It is a perfect evening to be at Fiorella's enjoying a refreshing glass of wine and an authentic Italian meal. See you tonight!, TONIGHTS SPECIALS

BIRRA
Shipyard Pumpkinhead
Portland, Maine 6

VINO
Deep Sea
Chardonnay /California 7/28 

ZUPPA
New England Clam Chowder 4/6

ENTRÉES
Lemon Sole Fillets
Fresh lemon sole fillets, poached in a lemon white wine sauce with cannellini beans,
 tomatoes and capers served over a bed of fresh baby spinach and risotto 20

Braised Beef 
Tender beef tips braised with pearl onions, carrots and celery in a red wine-tomato reduction,
 served with mashed potatoes and asparagus 21

DOLCI
 
GELATO
Dulce De Leche 2

SORBETTO
Pear 2, My favorite dishes to order at Fiorella's are ______, ______, ______. Let's us know what you like!, Did you know? The oldest bottle of wine is roughly one thousand, six hundred, and fifty years old. Salute!, Todays Lunch Special

Pork Osso Bucco
Pork shanks, braised with pearl onions, carrots and celery in a burgundy-tomato reduction seved over risotto  12

Zuppa
Lentil 3/5, TONIGHTS SPECIALS

BIRRA
Shipyard Pumpkinhead
Portland, Maine 6

VINO
Deep Sea
Chardonnay/California 7/28 

ZUPPA
Lentil 3/5

ENTRÉES
Pork Osso Bucco
Pork shanks, braised with pearl onions, carrots and celery in a burgundy-tomato reduction,
served with mashed potatoes and green beans 20

Jambalaya
Cajun boneless strips of chicken breast, shrimp, baby clams and hot italian sausage, 
simmered with onions, celery, red and green bell peppers in a plum tomato sauce
 with a hint of spice and tossed with rice 25

DOLCI
Pumpkin Cheesecake 8 

GELATO
Dulce De Leche 2

SORBETTO
Pear 2, October is Italian culture month! Share with us your favorite foods, artist, music and more!, Todays Lunch Special

Seafood fra Diavolo
Wild scrod, mussels and shrimp simmered in a spicy marinara sauce served over linguini  15

Zuppa
Lentil  3/5, Todays Lunch Specials

Chicken Carresi
Sauteed chicken and sausage in a cream sauce tossed with peas and penne pasta  12

Zuppa
Fish Chowder  3/5, The best part about Fall is that Sundays and Mondays are no longer spent dreading the work week! Join us at our bar to catch your favorite teams this season., Classically known as one of the earliest Parmigiana, Eggplant Parmigiana is a delectable Southern Italian dish made with lightly breaded eggplant, fried and topped with marinara sauce, mozzarella and parmesan cheese. Do you have a favorite traditional Italian dish?, Fill it in: My favorite time to celebrate at Fiorella's is______., Todays Lunch Special

Seafood Bianca
Mahi mahi & shrimp sauteed with tomatoes, onion, and spinach in a garlic white wine sauce over risotto  15

Zuppa
Fish Chowder  3/5, TONIGHTS SPECIALS

BIRRA
Shipyard Pumpkinhead
Portland, Maine 6

VINO
De Loach
Pinot Noir/California 7/28 

ZUPPA
Vegetarian Three Bean 3/5

ENTRÉES
Pork Tenderloin
Medallions of pork tenderloin, pan seared with mushrooms and roasted red peppers, prepared in a creamy madeira sauce, accompanied with mashed potatoes and broccoli florets 21

Mahi Mahi
Fresh mahi mahi filet, pan seared with diced summer squash, zucchini and diced tomatoes 
in a lemon wine sauce, served over a bed of risotto and asparagus 20

DOLCI
Chocolate Lava Cake Ala Mode 8
Served with vanilla gelato, fresh whipped cream and chocolate sauce 

GELATO
Mocha 2

SORBETTO
Mixed Berries 2, The weekend is almost here! Whether you're heading out for adventure or cozying up at home, tell us your plans (we hope they include a visit to Fiorella's)!, For those of you who don't eat meat and stick to "la verdura" (vegetables)-- You'll love our Vegetarian Pizza --Onions, green peppers & mushrooms over our pizza sauce & mozzarella cheese., Todays Lunch Specials

Lobster Ravioli
Sauteed in a spicy garlic wine reduction with onions, tomatoes, and spinach  12

Zuppa
Chicken and Rice  3/5, Don't forget to tag us in your Instagram photos, and follow us on Twitter @FiorellasNewton and keep in touch with us on all social media portals!, TONIGHTS SPECIALS

BIRRA
Shipyard Pumpkinhead
Portland, Maine 6

VINO
De Loach
Pinot Noir/California 7/28 

ZUPPA
Chicken & Rice 3/5

ENTRÉES
Stuffed Pork Tenderloin
Stuffed pork tenderloin with dried cranberries and seasoned sherry-cracker crumb topped with a port wine reduction and served with mashed potatoes and green beans 23

Pesce Puttanesca
Wild fresh scrod, shrimp, baby clams and calamari prepared in a spicy plum tomato-basil sauce with kalamata olives and capers 
served over fresh homemade fettuccini 27

DOLCI
Limoncello Mascarpone Cake 6
 
GELATO
Mocha 2

SORBETTO
Mixed Berries 2, Todays Lunch Special

Chicken Rose`
Chicken sauteed with mushrooms, roasted red peppers & proscuitto in a rose` sauce tossed with penne  12

Zuppa
Chciken and Rice  3/5, TONIGHTS SPECIALS

BIRRA
Shipyard Pumpkinhead
Portland, Maine 6

VINO
De Loach
Pinot Noir/California 7/28 

ZUPPA
Chicken & Rice 3/5

ENTRÉES
Lobster & Tortellini Fra Diavlo
Fresh lobster meat simmered in a spicy marinara sauce with broccoli florets, tossed with tri-color tortellini and romano cheese 25

Steak au Poivre
10 oz Culotte steak rubbed in black pepper, pan-seared and topped with a brandy-cream sauce with mushrooms and shallots, served with mashed potatoes and green beans 22

DOLCI
Limoncello Mascarpone Cake 6
 
GELATO
Mocha 2

SORBETTO
Mixed Berries 2, Despite it being a soup that is actually served for events such as marriages, the Italian Wedding Soup is simply a name given to a soup that generations of Italians have served for enjoyable times with family ., Todays Lunch Special

Chicken Florentine
Chicken sauteed with spinach and tomato in a garlic wine saice tossed with tortellini   12

Zuppa
Chciekn and Rice  3/5, Nearly 1.9 million tons of pasta is produced in the United States each year. That’s a whole lot of pasta! Tell us, what’s your favorite type of pasta?, Fill it in: I'm craving ___________ this weekend., What's your favorite wine to pair with pasta?, TONIGHTS SPECIALS

BIRRA
Shipyard Pumpkinhead
Portland, Maine 6

VINO
De Loach
Pinot Noir/California 7/28 

ZUPPA
Chili Con Pollo 3/5

ENTRÉES
Chicken Al Forno
Boneless strips of chicken breast, sautéed with artichoke hearts, asparagus and sliced hot cherry peppers in a plum tomato basil sauce, tossed with diced fresh mozzarella cheese and penne 22

Tilapia Provençale
Fresh 8 oz filet of tilapia pan-seared and finished in a garlic-wine reduction with tomatoes, capers and kalamata olives, served on a bed of linguini and topped with a touch of marinara sauce 20

DOLCI
Limoncello Truffle
Lemon gelato with a heart of limoncello, covered in meringue and served with raspberry sauce and fresh whipped cream 6 

GELATO
Baci 2
Chocolate & Hazelnut

SORBETTO
Mixed Berries 2, Todays Lunch Special

Beef Cacciatore
Tender beef tips simmered in a tomato basil sauce with mushrooms, onions and green peppers tossed with penne and romano cheese  10

Zuppa
Beef Barley  3/5, Tonights Drink Special

Almond Joy Martini

Stoli chocolate coconut, amaretto disaronno, meletti cioccolato & a splash of milk  8

Enjoy!, Chocolate-Hazelnut Ravioli will make for a great Wednesday night snack! 

http://www.foodnetwork.com/recipes/giada-de-laurentiis/chocolate-hazelnut-ravioli-recipe/index.html, Todays Lunch Special

Chicken Lorenzo
Chicken sauteed with broccoli, proscuitto and roasted red peppers in a garlic marsala reduction tossed with penne  12

Zuppa
Beef Barley  3/5, TONIGHTS SPECIALS

MARTINI
Caramel Apple 
Stoli salted caramel, apple pucker & frangelico 8

VINO
De Loach
Pinot Noir/California 7/28 

ZUPPA
Beef Barley 3/5                    

ENTRÉES
Pesce Fra Diavlo
Wild scrod, shrimp, calamari and baby clams, simmered in a spicy marinara sauce, served over linguini 25

Steak Medallion Ala Marsala
Tender beef medallions, pan seared with mushrooms, sweet peas and roasted red peppers in a marsala wine reduction, accompanied with mashed potatoes and steamed asparagus 22

DOLCI
Dream Bomba
Peanut butter gelato with a caramel center and a hard chocolate shell 6 

GELATO
Mexican Tiramisu 2

SORBETTO
Mango Coconut 2, Todays Lunch Special

Frutti di Mare
Scrod, shrimp, and calamari simmered in a tomato basil sauce with a touch of spice served over linguini  15

Zuppa
Beef Barley  3/5, TONIGHTS SPECIALS

MARTINI
Caramel Apple 
Stoli salted caramel, apple pucker & frangelico 8

VINO
Deep Sea
Chardonnay/California 8/32 

ZUPPA
Beef Barley 3/5                    

ENTRÉES
Lobster Puttanesca
Fresh lobster and baby clams simmered in a spicy tomato-basil sauce with kalamata olives and capers tossed with linguini and romano cheese 25

Surf & Turf
Tender steak tips, pan seared and simmered in a garlic white-wine sauce with shrimp served over tri-color cheese tortellini 
and laced with broccoli florets 24

DOLCI
Dream Bomba
Peanut butter gelato with a caramel center and a hard chocolate shell 6 

GELATO
Mexican Tiramisu 2

SORBETTO
Mango Coconut 2, Did you know? Pasta is often highly textured and intricately shaped because that makes it better at holding onto sauces., Todays Lunchg Special

Seafood Bianca
Swordfish, shrimp and clams in a garlic wine sauce with tomato, onoin, and spinach tossed with linguini  15

Zuppa
Chicken Lentil  3/5, Arancini, or “little oranges,” named from the rice balls’ appearance when they emerge from the deep fryer, are a traditional street food in Sicily dating back to the tenth century. They are deep fried balls of risotto stuffed with various fillings., Indulge away with this amazing profiterole recipe! 

http://www.foodnetwork.com/recipes/giada-de-laurentiis/profiteroles-with-ricotta-mascarpone-recipe/index.html, TONIGHTS SPECIALS

COCKTAIL
Dulce de Leche Martini
UV whipped cream vodka & stoli salted caramel vodka swirled with caramel and a splash of milk   8

VINO
DeLoach
Pinot Noir/California 7/28 

ZUPPA
Butternut Squash & Pumpkin 3/5                    

ENTRÉES
Seafood & Chorizo Cioppino
Local wild striped bass, lobster meat, bay scallops and Spanish chorizo sausage, simmered in a light pomodoro sauce with a hint of spice, served over linguini 28

Short Ribs
Tender boneless short ribs, braised with pearl onions, carrots and celery in a burgundy-beef stock reduction, served with broccoli florets over a bed of risotto 22

DOLCI
Baked Apple, Walnut & Cranberry Bread Pudding
Topped with vanilla bean gelato and fresh whipped cream 7 

GELATO
Mexican Tiramisu 2

SORBETTO
Mango Coconut 2, Fiorella’s has something for everyone in your group! We make adjustments whenever we can for vegetarians. On your next visit, discuss our meatless options with your server., Todays Lunch Special

Seafood fra Diavolo
Scrod, calamari, and shrimp simmered in a spicy marinara sauce tossed with linguini  15

Zuppa
Chicken Lentil  3/5, TONIGHTS SPECIALS

COCKTAIL
Dulce de Leche Martini
UV whipped cream vodka & stoli salted caramel vodka swirled with caramel and a splash of milk   8

VINO
DeLoach
Pinot Noir/California  7/28 

ZUPPA
Chicken Lentil 3/5

ENTRÉES
Striped Bass Filet
Fresh local wild striped bass filet pan-seared with tomatoes, diced asparagus, kalamata olives and cannellini bean in a citrus wine reduction, served over a bed of risotto 24

Fussili & Chorizo Sausage
Spanish chorizo sausage, sautéed with sundried tomatoes, artichoke hearts and diced locally sourced fresh mozzarella cheese in a white wine sauce, tossed with homemade fussili pasta and grated Romano cheese 20

DOLCI
Baked Apple & Cranberry Bread Pudding
Topped with vanilla bean gelato and fresh whipped cream 7 

GELATO
Mexican Tiramisu 2

SORBETTO
Mango Coconut 2, "Una cena senza vino e come un giorno senza sole" -Italian proverb. Translation: A meal without wine is like a day without sunshine., Learn how to make our delicious pizza sauce right at home! http://how2heroes.com/videos/soups-sauces/pizza-sauce, Todays Lunch Special

Stuffed Pork Chop
Center cut 12 oz pork chop stuffed with cranberry ritz cracker crumb stuffing and topped with a marsala reduction accompanied by mashed potatoes and asparagus  12

Zuppa
Vegetable Legume  3/5, Todays Lunch Special

Panko Crusted Chicken
Chicken cutlet topped with mushrooms and red pepper demi glaze served with risotto and asparagus  12

Zuppa
Vegetable Legume  3/5, Did you know? Pasta comes in about 350 different shapes and sizes in Italy, although incorporating regional variations would probably push the number higher., How many of you grew up around Italian cuisine? What was your favorite Italian food to eat as a kid?, TONIGHTS SPECIALS
 
ZUPPA
New England Clam Chowder 4/6

ENTREES
Filet Mignon
Center cut 8 oz beef tenderloin pan-seared and topped with a red wine demi-glace with mushrooms and roasted red peppers, served with oven-roasted fingerling potatoes and brussel sprouts 26

Lobster Genovese
Fresh lobster meat and P.E.I. mussels simmered in a creamy pesto sauce with asparagus, and tomatoes, tossed with penne pasta and romano cheese 28

DOLCI
Lemon & Raspberry Cake
Topped with raspberry sauce and fresh whipped cream 5 

GELATO
White Chocolate & Cranberry 2

SORBETTO
Cranberry 2, My favorite Fiorella's specials are_________, _________, & _______________., Todays Lunch Special

Seafood Puttanesca
Shrimp and calamari simered in a spicy tomato-basil sauce with olives and capers tossed with linguini  15

Zuppa
Clam Chowder  3/5, TONIGHTS SPECIALS
 
ZUPPA
New England Clam Chowder 4/6

ENTREES
Panko Encrusted Chicken & Eggplant Confit 
Boneless chicken breast, encrusted with herb-panko crumbs, flash fried and topped with an eggplant and roasted red pepper confit, served with an arugula salad and mashed potatoes 21

Mahi Mahi
Fresh mahi mahi filet, pan seared with tomatoes, asparagus and kalamata olives in a lemon wine sauce, served over a bed of risotto and broccoli florets 22

DOLCI
Chocolate Lava Cake 
Warm lava cake topped with vanilla bean gelato, chocolate sauce and fresh whipped cream 8 

GELATO
White Chocolate & Cranberry 2

SORBETTO
Cranberry 2, It's hard to believe that it's already over. What was your favorite moment in Boston this summer?, TONIGHTS SPECIALS

COCKTAIL
Chocolate Cake Shot
UV whipped vodka & meletti cioccolato 
topped with whipped cream  6

VINO
Deep Sea
Chardonnay/California 8/32 

ZUPPA
Chicken Vegetable & Cannellini 3/5

ENTREES
Tortellini & Sausage Contadino
A trio of Spanish chorizo, hot Italian & sweet Italian sausage simmered in a light plump tomato basil sauce with a blend of fresh vegetables, tossed with tri-color tortellini 
and topped with fresh mozzarella  18

Tilapia Provencale
Fresh tilapia filet pan-seared and finished in a garlic-wine reduction with kalamata olives, diced tomatoes and capers, served on a bed of risotto and topped with a touch of marinara 20

DOLCI
Chocolate Lava Cake 
Warm lava cake topped with vanilla bean gelato, chocolate sauce and fresh whipped cream 8 

GELATO
Pina Colada 2

SORBETTO
Cranberry 2, Fiorella's offers a FREE dinner on your birthday! Not signed up for our Birthday Club yet? Do it here! 

http://www.rmgmail.com/web/pcf/1w/1, Todays Lunch Specials

Zuppa
Creamy Potato Leek  3/5

Beef Bouerguignon
Tender beef medallions, carrots, celery and pearl onions slowly simmered in a red wine brandy beef stock reduction served over fresh homemade fettuccini  12, TONIGHTS SPECIALS

COCKTAIL
Chocolate Cake Shot
UV whipped vodka & meletti cioccolato 
topped with whipped cream  6

VINO
Deep Sea
Chardonnay/California 8/32 

ZUPPA
Creamy Potato Leek 3/5

ENTREES
Beef Bourguignon
Tender beef medallions, carrots, celery and pearl onions 
slowly simmered in a red wine beef stock reduction
 served over fresh homemade fettuccini 22

Pesce Risotto
Fresh wild scrod, shrimp, calamari and chorizo sausage 
simmered in a spicy plum-tomato sauce with onions 
and mixed bell peppers served over risotto 27

DOLCI
Chocolate Lava cake Ala Mode
Warm lava cake topped with chocolate sauce and fresh whipped cream 8 

GELATO
Pina Colada 2

SORBETTO
Cranberry 2, How many of you grew up around Italian cuisine? What was your favorite Italian food to eat as a kid?, Todays Lunch Specials

Mussels Cioppino
Mussels simmered in a spicy pomodoro sauce over linguini  12

Zuppa
Creamy Potato Leak  3/5, We can thank our forefather for MORE than just freedom. Thomas Jefferson brought a pasta making machine back to the states with him in 1789, when he returned to America after serving as ambassador to France. It wasn't until 1848 that pasta was first produced commercially in the U.S., and not until the late 19th century that it became popular., Have a wonderful Labor Day!, http://web1.how2heroes.com/videos/entrees/chicken-broccoli-alfredo 

Our Executive Chef, Earl Quinn shows you how to make the perfect chicken broccoli alfredo. It's the perfect weeknight dinner!, We will be closed for lunch on Sunday and Monday, September 2nd & 3rd. We will be opening at 4:00 for dinner. Have a wonderful Labor Day!, TONIGHTS SPECIALS

ZUPPA
Vegetable Lentil 3/5

ENTREES
Lamb Osso Bucco
Tender lamb shank braised in a sweet port wine reduction with fresh garden vegetables, 
served with mashed potatoes and green beans 26

Pesce Paella
Fresh lobster, shrimp, bay scallops and mussels simmered in a spicy tomato and seafood broth with chorizo sausage, onions, peppers, carrots and celery, 
tossed with risotto and baked with romano cheese 28

DOLCI
Cappuccino Truffle
Cappuccino gelato with an espresso center covered with coffee meringue sprinkles 6 

GELATO
Pina Colada 2

SORBETTO
Cranberry 2, TONIGHTS SPECIALS

ZUPPA
Lentil 3/5

ENTREES
Lamb Osso Bucco
Tender lamb shank braised in a sweet port wine reduction with fresh garden vegetables, served wwith mashed potatoes and green beans 26

Pesce Paella
Fresh lobster, shrimp, bay scallops and mussels simmered in a spicy tomato and seafood broth with chorizo sausage, onions, peppers, carrots and celery, tossed with risotto and baked with romano cheese 28

DOLCI
Cappuccino Truffle
Cappuccino gelato with an espresso center covered with coffee meringue sprinkles 6 

GELATO
Pina Colada 2

SORBETTO
Cranberry 2, With a few dough tosses and good spirit, you can make a pizza that's "Perfecto!" Fiorella's Remon Karian teaches how to make a crispy, chewy, robust pizza. 

http://how2heroes.com/videos/entrees/pizza-101#/recipe, TONIGHTS SPECIALS

VINO
Deep Sea
Chardonnay/California  8/32 

ZUPPA
Lentil  3/5

ENTREES
Dijon & Panko Encrusted Chicken
Tender chicken cutlet encrusted with whole grain dijon mustard and panko crumbs topped with a madeira reduction with braised pearl onions served with mashed potatoes and asparagus  21

Seafood Cioppino
Wild scrod, shrimp, scallops and calamari simmered in a 
spicy pomodoro sauce served over linguini  27

DOLCI
Cappuccino Truffle
Cappuccino gelato with an espresso center covered with coffee meringue sprinkles  6 

GELATO
Pina Colada  2

SORBETTO
Cranberry 2, Fiorella's is all about keeping tradition in the kitchen. What's your favorite tradition you keep alive?, Todays Lunch Special

Pork and Chicken Lorenzo
Pork tenderloins and chicken sauteed with roasted red peppers, brocolli and proscuitto in a garlic marsala reduction tossed with penne  15

Zuppa
Beef Barley  3/5, TONIGHTS SPECIALS

VINO
Deep Sea
Chardonnay/California  8/32 

ZUPPA
Chicken Vegetable 3/5

ENTREES
Misto Di Carne
Tender medallions of pork tenderloin, chicken breast and hot Italian sausage simmered in a sweet Madeira-cream sauce, served with mashed potatoes and broccoli florets 23

Lobster Ravioli
Lobster and ricotta filled ravioli sautéed in a spicy garlic-wine reduction with shrimp, tomatoes, spinach and onions, tossed with romano cheese 21

DOLCI
Dream Bomba 
Peanut butter gelato with a caramel center coated in a chocolate shell 6 

GELATO
Pina Colada 2

SORBETTO
Strawberry-Kiwi 2, http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2tXohckgPSQ 

"I will put Fiorella's signature marinara sauce up against any sauce, any where" - Remon Karian, Owner & President. Don't believe him? Come taste our marinara for yourself!, Todays Lunch Special

Lobster Ravioli
Sauteed in a spicy garlic wine reduction with tomatoes, onions, and spinach  12

Zuppa
Chicken Vegetable  3/5, TONIGHTS SPECIALS

VINO
Deep Sea
Chardonnay/California  8/32 

ZUPPA
Chicken Vegetable  3/5

ENTREES
Pork Tenderloin with Apple Cranberry Sauce
Tender medallions of pork tenderloin prepared with an apple-cranberry sauce, and served with mashed red bliss potatoes and asparagus almondine  23

Fussili Arpino
Hot Italian sausage sautéed with sun-dried tomatoes, artichoke hearts and hand-crafted fresh mozzarella cheese prepared in a light wine sauce tossed with homemade fussili pasta  20

DOLCI
Blondie Sundae
Topped with vanilla gelato, fresh whipped cream and chocolate sauce  7 

GELATO
Coffee Stracciatella  2

SORBETTO
Strawberry-Kiwi  2, Did you know Americans eat approximately 100 acres of pizza each day, or 350 slices per second? That's a lot of pie!, TONIGHTS SPECIALS

VINO
Deep Sea
Chardonnay/California 8/32 

ZUPPA
Chicken Vegetable 3/5

ENTREES
Lobster Fra Diavlo
Fresh lobster meat, shrimp, scrod and swordfish, simmered in a spicy marinara sauce with broccoli florets, served on a bed of linguini 27

Pork au Poivre
Medallions of pork tenderloin encrusted with crushed black peppercorns, seared to your liking and finished in a brandy-cream sauce with mushrooms and shallots, served with mashed potatoes and asparagus 20

DOLCI
Blondie Sundae
Topped with vanilla gelato, fresh whipped cream and chocolate sauce 7 

GELATO
Coffee Stracciatella 2

SORBETTO
Strawberry-Kiwi 2, Fiorella's is known for making everything from scratch. What's your favorite thing to make from scratch?, Share Fiorella's tradition with your family and friends. You can purchase a Fiorella's Gift Card right off of our website here-

http://www.fiorellasnewton.com/gift-cards, Wine season is approaching with summer coming to a close. Anyone have plans to visit any wineries or vineyards?, "A tavola non si invecchia."  -Italian Proverb. Translation: At the table, one does not grow old., http://www.tasteofhome.com/Recipes/Pesto-Bruschetta    

Need an appetizer to take to a party, or hosting a party yourself? Check out this Pesto Bruschetta Recipe brought to you by Taste of Home., Gelato was originally created in Sicily during the 16th century by Florence native, Bernardo Buontalenti. Now, Italy holds over 35,000 ice cream shops, selling creamy ice cream, gelato, and refreshing sorbet. Try out Fiorella's 'Gelato del Giorno' today., My favorite Fiorella's sauce is____________. (Marinara? Alfredo? Tomato-Basil? Lemon-wine?) Tell us what makes it so tasty!!, Did you know the states that consume the most wine are California, New York, and Florida?, Weekends were made for indulgence! Too full for dessert or want something to accompany it? Try one of our after dinner drinks --Lemoncello • Grappa • Port • Brandy • Cognac • Sambuca. We also have coffee, espresso drinks, and a variety of organic teas., Love Fiorella's creamy alfredo sauce but don't want to indulge in the calories? Make a healthier version at home by replacing the heavy cream with greek yogurt., Did you know in ancient Greece, a dinner host would take the first sip of wine to assure guests the wine was not poisoned, hence the phrase “drinking to one’s health." 

“Toasting” started in ancient Rome when the Romans continued the Greek tradition but started dropping a piece of toasted bread into the wine glass to adjust any undesirable tastes or excessive acidity., What is your favorite dessert to complete the perfect meal?, Watch our very own Remon Karian as he guides you in making the ultimate Fiorella's Osso Bucco Milanese http://how2heroes.com/videos/entrees/osso-bucco-milanese, Have an event or special occasion coming up? We would love to help make it a success. Fiorella's offers an extensive in~house catering menu or can customize one to your liking. All in~house catering entrées include our famous Garlic Bread Sticks with Fiorella’s signature marinara sauce, Toasted Ravioli, and a small house salad. Call for more information., Todays Lunch Specials

Tilapia fra Diavolo
Fried tilapia over risotto and brocolli   12

Zuppa
Sausage & Tomato   3/5, My idea of a perfect Friday evening is___________________., TONIGHTS SPECIALS

COCKTAIL
Melon Drop
TyKu citrus, midori, lemon-lime soda and grenadine  9
 
VINO
Deep Sea
Chardonnay/California  10/40

ZUPPA
Sausage & Tomato 3/5

ENTREES
Twin Sole Fillet 
Fresh twin sole fillets, poached in a lemon wine reduction with tomatoes, capers and cannellini beans served with risotto and steamed asparagus 22
 
Chicken Lombardi
Tender boneless strips of chicken breast sautéed with sweet peas, roasted red peppers and mushrooms prepared in a port wine reduction, served with mashed bliss potatoes and broccoli 20
 
DOLCI
Strawberry Rhubarb Crisp à la Mode 
Served with fresh whipped cream & caramel sauce 6
 
GELATO                                                               
Dulce De Leche 2
 
SORBETTO           
Blueberry 2, Todays Lunch Specials

Salmon Genovese
Salmon simmered in a creamy pesto sauce with asparagus and tomato over penne  15

Zuppa
Sausage and tomato vegetable   3/5, Todays Lunch Special

Lobster Ravioli
Lobster and ricotta filled ravioli in a spicy white wine sauce with spinach, tomato & onion  15, Todays Lunch Specail

Seafood Cioppino
Shrimp, calamari & baby clams sauteed in a spicy pomodoro sauce over linguini 15

Zuppa
Lentil 3/5, TONIGHTS SPECIALS

COCKTAIL
Honey Bear
Stoli sticki vodka, lemonade & sweet tea 9

VINO
Castle Rock
Pinot Noir/California 7/28 

ZUPPA
Minestrone 3/5

ENTREES
Chicken & Chorizo
Tender strips of boneless chicken breast sautéed with chorizo sausage,
roasted red peppers, sweet peas and onions in a sweet Madeira-cream sauce
penne pasta and romano cheese 22

Veal Abruzzi
Tender veal cutlet flash-fried and topped with a sherry-cream sauce with sweet peas and mushrooms, served with mashed potatoes and asparagus 19

DOLCI
Limoncello Truffle
Served with raspberry sauce and fresh whipped cream 6

GELATO                                                       
Cookies & Cream 2

SORBETTO
Blueberry 2, TONIGHTS SPECIALS
 
COCKTAIL
Honey Bear
Stoli sticki vodka, lemonade & sweet tea 9
 
VINO
Castle Rock
Pinot Noir/California 7/28

ZUPPA
Minestrone 3/5
 
 
 
ENTREES
 
Chicken & Chorizo 
Tender strips of boneless chicken breast sautéed with chorizo sausage, roasted red peppers, sweet peas and onions in a sweet Madeira-cream sauce tossed with pumpkin gnocchi and romano cheese 22

Pesce Ala Vodka
Fresh salmon, shrimp and calamari simmered in a spicy vodka-marinara sauce with chopped asparagus, romano cheese and a touch of cream served over linguini 26
 
DOLCI
Mini Carrot Cake Bomba
Served with fresh whipped cream 5

GELATO                                                       
Cookies & Cream 2
 
SORBETTO
Mixed Berries 2, TONIGHTS SPECIALS
 
COCKTAIL
Honey Bear
Stoli sticki vodka, lemonade & sweet tea 9
 
VINO
Castle Rock
Pinot Noir/California 7/28

ZUPPA
Minestrone 3/5
 
ANTIPASTI
Arugula Pizzatta
Pizza dough, brushed with garlic and olive oil, topped with cold arugula salad with roasted eggplant confit, and shaved Parmigiana cheese 8
 
ENTREE
Swordfish & Shrimp
Fresh swordfish, pan seared with shrimp, tomatoes, capers and cannelloni beans prepared in a Cioppino sauce, served over a bed of risotto and steamed asparagus 22
 
Steak Tip Diane
Tender sirloin tips pan seared with shallots, roasted red peppers and mushrooms, prepared in a brandy cream sauce, served with mashed red bliss potatoes and broccoli florets 20
 
DOLCI
Mini Carrot Cake Bomba
Served with fresh whipped cream 5
 
GELATO
Capuccino 2
 
SORBETTO
Mixed Berries 2, Todays Lunch Specials

Fried Seafood Plate
Fried scrod, shrimp & calamari served with french fries, tartar sauce and ketchup 15

Zuppa
Minestrone 3/5, TONIGHTS SPECIALS

COCKTAIL
Honey Bear
Stoli sticki vodka, lemonade & sweet tea 9

VINO
Castle Rock
Pinot Noir/California 7/28 

ZUPPA
Minestrone 3/5

ENTREE
Stuffed Red Snapper
Red snapper baked in a sherry-cream sauce filled with a delicious seafood stuffing, served with risotto and asparagus 22

Steak Tip Au Poivre 
Tender sirloin tips pan seared with shallots and mushrooms, seasoned with black pepper, simmered in a brandy cream sauce, served with mashed potatoes and broccoli 20

DOLCI
Mini Carrot Cake Bomba
Served with fresh whipped cream 5

GELATO
Capuccino 2

SORBETTO
Mixed Berries 2, Come enjoy our lunch special on our patio!

Chicken Florentine
Sauteed chicken with tomatoes and spinch in a garlic cream sauce tossed with penne 12

Zuppa
Seafood Chowdah 3/5, Todays Lunch Special

Seafood fra Diavolo
Scrod, shrimp & baby clams in a spicy marinara sauce served over linguini 15

Zuppa
Lentil 3/5, TONIGHTS SPECIALS
 
COCKTAIL
Spicy Margarita
Hot pepper vodka, silver tequila, triple sec, & a splash of orange juice 8
 
VINO
Castle Rock
Pinot Noir/California 7/28

ZUPPA
Lentil 3/5
 
ENTREE
Red Snapper
Fresh wild red snapper filet pan-seared and finished in a lemon-wine reduction with tomatoes and asparagus, served on a bed of baby arugula and risotto 22
 
Veal Lorenzo
Tender veal medallions sautéed in a Marsala wine reduction with garlic, broccoli, roasted red peppers and prosciutto, tossed with penne pasta 19
 
DOLCI
Dream Bomba
Peanut butter gelato with a caramel center and a hard chocolate shell 7
 
GELATO
Capuccino 2
 
SORBETTO
Mixed Berries 2, Todays Lunch Specials

Shrimp Genovese
In a creamy pesto sauce tossed with penne, tomatoes, and asparagus topped with romano cheese 15

Zuppa
Creamy Potato Leek 3/5, TONIGHTS SPECIALS
 
COCKTAIL
Spicy Margarita
Hot pepper vodka, silver tequila, triple sec, & a splash of orange juice 8

VINO
Castle Rock
Pinot Noir/California 7/28

ZUPPA
Creamy Potato & Leek 3/5
 
ENTREE
Poached Sole
Fresh wild sole filets poached in a lemon-wine reduction with cannellini beans, capers and tomatoes, served atop a bed of arugula with risotto 21
 
Chicken Genovese
Tender strips of boneless chicken breast simmered in a pesto-cream sauce with tomatoes, asparagus and artichoke hearts, tossed with penne pasta and romano cheese 18
 
DOLCI
Dream Bomba
Peanut butter gelato with a caramel center and a hard chocolate shell 7
 
GELATO
Lemon 2

SORBETTO
Mixed Berries 2, TONIGHTS SPECIALS

COCKTAIL
Bees Knees
Cucumber-Lime & honey vodkas with a splash of cranberry juice and topped with lemon lime soda 8

VINO
Castle Rock
Pinot Noir/California 7/28 

ZUPPA
Creamy Potato & Leek 3/5

ENTREE
Braised Beef & Scallops
Tender prime beef tips and sea scallops braised in a burgundy wine and beef stock with tomato, carrots, onions and button mushrooms, tossed with fettuccine 22

Lobster Ravioli
Lobster and ricotta filled ravioli sauteed in a spicy garlic-wine reduction with onions, tomatoes, spinach and fresh shrimp, tossed with romano cheese 19

DOLCI
Dream Bomba
Peanut butter gelato with a caramel center and a hard chocolate shell 7

GELATO
Lemon 2

SORBETTO
Mixed Berries 2, Todays Lunch Specials

Chicken Mykonos
Chicken sauteed in a garlic wine reduction with kalamata olives, spinach, and tomatoes served on a bed of rice topped with feta 12

Zuppa
Creamy Potato Leek, TONIGHTS SPECIALS
 
COCKTAIL
Bees Knees
Cucumber-Lime & honey vodkas with a splash of cranberry juice and topped with lemon lime soda 8
 
VINO
Deep Sea
Chardonnay/California 10/40

ZUPPA
Creamy Potato & Leek 3/5
 
ENTREE
Rib Eye Pizziaola
Tender 12 oz. rib eye steak pan-seared to your liking and topped with a plump tomato-basil sauce with peppers and onions, baked with fresh mozzarella cheese and served with oven-roasted fingerling potatoes and steamed asparagus 22
 
Twin Seafood & Chorizo Manicotti
Fresh shrimp, scallops, chorizo sausage, carrots and onions with a blend of imported cheese, rolled and baked in fresh pasta sheets, topped with your choice of a spicy tomato sauce with peppers and onions or marinara sauce, served with fresh steamed broccoli florets 19
 
DOLCI
Chocolate Lava Cake
Topped with vanilla bean gelato, chocolate sauce and fresh whipped cream 8
 
GELATO
Lemon 2
 
SORBETTO
Mixed Berries 2, TONIGHTS SPECIALS
 
DOLCI
Chocolate Lava Cake
Topped with vanilla bean gelato, chocolate sauce and fresh whipped cream 8
 
GELATO
Lemon 2
 
SORBETTO
Orange & Peach 2

COCKTAIL
Colada Punch
Svedka colada vodka, peach schnapps, pineapple & cranberry juices with a splash of grenadine 8
 
VINO
Deep Sea
Chardonnay/California 10/40

ZUPPA
Beef Vegetable 3/5
 
ENTREE
Rib Eye Pizziaola
Tender 12 oz. rib eye steak pan-seared to your liking and topped with a plump tomato-basil sauce with peppers and onions, baked with fresh mozzarella cheese and served with oven-roasted fingerling potatoes and steamed broccoli florets 25
 
Pesce ala Vodka
Fresh lobster, shrimp, bay scallops and mussels simmered in a spicy vodka-marinara sauce with shallots, chopped asparagus, romano cheese and a touch of cream, served over bed of linguini  28, TONIGHTS SPECIALS
 
COCKTAIL
Colada Punch
Svedka colada vodka, peach schnapps, pineapple & cranberry juices with a splash of grenadine 8
 
VINO
Deep Sea
Chardonnay/California 10/40

ZUPPA
Beef Vegetable 3/5
 
ENTREE
Rib Eye Pizziaola
Tender 12 oz. rib eye steak pan-seared to your liking and topped with a plump tomato-basil sauce with peppers and onions, baked with fresh mozzarella cheese and served with oven-roasted fingerling potatoes and asparagus 25
 
Pesce ala Vodka
Fresh lobster, shrimp bay scallops and mussels simmered in a spicy vodka-marinara sauce with shallots, chopped asparagus, romano cheese and a touch of cream, served on a bed of linguini  28
 
DOLCI
Strawberry Rhubarb Crisp
Topped with vanilla bean gelato and fresh whipped cream 8
 
GELATO
Lemon 2
 
SORBETTO
Orange & Peach 2, Todays Lunch Specials

Steak tips cooked to a perfect medium over risotto in a red wine and tomato reduction with vegetables 15

Seafood fra Diavolo
Calamari, scallops & shrimp in a spicy marinara sauce over linguini 15

Zuppa
Beef and Vegetable 3/5, Todays Lunch Specials

Mussels and Shrimp fra Diavolo
PEI mussels & shrimp simmered in a spicy marinara sauce served over linguini 12

Zuppa
Chicken Vegetable 3/5, TONIGHTS SPECIALS

COCKTAIL
Colada Punch
Svedka colada vodka, peach schnapps, pineapple & cranberry juices with a splash of grenadine 8

VINO
Deep Sea
Chardonnay/California 10/40 

ZUPPA
Chicken Vegetable 3/5

ENTREE
Pesce Lazario
A medley of fresh swordfish, shrimp, scrod and mussels sautéed in a spicy garlic-wine reduction with diced tomatoes, chopped asparagus and cannellini beans, tossed with linguini, romano cheese and a touch of pesto 25

Beef Lorenzo
Tender beef tips sautéed with roasted red peppers, broccoli, and prosciutto in a garlic-Marsala wine reduction, tossed with penne pasta 21

DOLCI
Blondie Sundae 
Topped with vanilla bean gelato, chocolate sauce and fresh whipped cream 8

GELATO
White Chocolate & Cranberry 2

SORBETTO
Orange & Peach 2, Todays Lunch Special

Lamb Osso Bucco
Simmered in a lamb and tomato stock with fresh vegetable over risotto 15, TONIGHTS SPECIALS

COCKTAIL
Pink Margarita
A refreshing mix of mejor pink tequila, triple sec, and a splash of cranberry juice 8
 
VINO
Deep Sea
Chardonnay/California 10/40

ZUPPA
Chicken Vegetable 3/5
 
ANTIPASTI 
Panzanella Bread Salad
A perfect marriage of seasonal tomatoes, tri-color bell peppers, cucumbers, basil, hand-crafted fresh mozzarella cheese and shaved parmesan, with a hint of dijon mustard and italian vinaigrette served over crostini  8
 
ENTREE
Swordfish & Shrimp
Fresh swordfish loin, pan seared with shrimp, grape tomatoes, cannelloni beans and diced asparagus, prepared in a cioppino sauce, served over a bed of risotto and asparagus 25
 
Brown Butter Sauce with Zucchini Ribbons 
Wide ribbons of zucchini, pan seared in a brown butter sauce with tomatoes and a hint of sage, tossed with homemade fussili pasta and grated cheese 18
 
DOLCI
Blondie Sundae 
Topped with vanilla bean gelato, chocolate sauce and fresh whipped cream 8
 
GELATO
White Chocolate & Cranberry 2
 
SORBETTO
Orange & Peach 2, TONIGHTS SPECIALS
 
COCKTAIL
Citrus Cooler
A low-calorie combination of TyKu soju & citrus liqueur, lemonade, and sprite zero 8
 
VINO
Deep Sea
Chardonnay/California 10/40

ZUPPA
Chicken Vegetable 3/5
 
ENTREE
Pesce Puttanesca
Fresh scrod, swordfish, shrimp & mussels simmered in a spicy tomato-basil sauce with capers and kalamata olives, served over linguini 25
 
Lamb Osso Bucco
Tender lamb shank braised for hours in a lamb and tomato stock with pearl onions, celery and carrots, served with mashed potatoes and green beans 23
 
DOLCI
Blondie Sundae 
Topped with vanilla bean gelato, chocolate sauce and fresh whipped cream 8
 
GELATO
White Chocolate & Cranberry 2
 
SORBETTO
Orange & Peach 2, TONIGHTS SPECIALS

COCKTAIL
Tropical Punch
Dark spiced rum, malibu, amaretto, oj 
& pineapple juice 8

VINO
Deep Sea
Chardonnay/California 10/40

ZUPPA
Roasted Vegetable 3/5

ENTREE
Pesce Paella
Fresh lobster, shrimp, calamari, and P.E.I. mussels simmered in a spicy tomato-fish broth with fresh vegetables and Spanish chorizo, tossed with risotto and baked with romano cheese 28

Lamb Osso Bucco
Tender lamb shank braised for hours in a lamb and tomato stock with pearl onions, celery and carrots, served with mashed potatoes and green beans 26

DOLCI
Blondie Sundae 
Topped with vanilla bean gelato, chocolate sauce and fresh whipped cream 8

GELATO
White Chocolate & Cranberry 2

SORBETTO
Orange & Peach 2, TONIGHTS SPECIALS

COCKTAIL
Tropical Punch
Dark spiced rum, malibu, amaretto, oj 
& pineapple juice 8

VINO
Deep Sea
Chardonnay/California 10/40 

ZUPPA
Roasted Vegetable 3/5

ENTREE
Pesce Paella
Fresh lobster, shrimp, scallops, and P.E.I. mussels simmered in a spicy tomato-fish broth with fresh vegetables and Spanish chorizo, tossed with risotto and baked with romano cheese 28

Lamb Osso Bucco
Tender lamb shank braised for hours in a lamb and tomato stock with pearl onions, celery and carrots, served with mashed potatoes and green beans 26

DOLCI
Blondie Sundae 
Topped with vanilla bean gelato, chocolate sauce and fresh whipped cream 8

GELATO
White Chocolate & Cranberry 2

SORBETTO
Orange & Peach 2, Todays Lunch Specials

Seafood Bianca
Shrimp, calamari & baby clams simmered in a garlic white wine sauce with tomato and baby spinach with a touch of spice and tossed with linguini 15

Zuppa
Vegetable legume with noodles 3/5, Todays Lunch Special

Athenian Chicken
Chicken sauteed with tomatoes and spinach in a garlic white wine sauce served over risotto and topped with feta cheese 12

Zuppa
Vegetable legume w/ noodles 3/5, TONIGHTS SPECIALS
 
COCKTAIL
Tropical Punch
Dark spiced rum, malibu, amaretto, oj & pineapple juice 8
 
VINO
Rodney Strong
Sauvignon Blanc/Sonoma 8/32

ZUPPA
Vegetable Legume 3/5
 
ENTREE
Baked Pasta Trio
Stuffed Shells, Tri-color Tortellini and Lobster Ravioli baked in a tomato-cream sauce with fresh broccoli florets, topped with mozzarella cheese 18
 
Beef & Chicken Mykonos
Tender tips of beef with strips of boneless chicken breast sautéed with pepperoncini, tomatoes, kalamata olives and spinach in a garlic-wine reduction, served on a bed of rice pilaf 20
 
DOLCI
Dream Bomba 6
 
GELATO
Mocha 2
 
SORBETTO
Orange & Peach 2, Todays Lunch Special

Chicken Pepperocini
Chicken sauteed with tomato, broccoli, and pepperocini in a garlic wine sauce over risotto 12

Zuppa
Minestra Stracciatella 3/5, TONIGHTS SPECIALS

COCKTAIL
Tropical Punch
Dark spiced rum, malibu, amaretto, oj & pineapple juice 8
 
VINO
Rodney Strong
Sauvignon Blanc/Sonoma 8/32

ZUPPA
Minestra Stracciatella 3/5
 
ENTREE
Steak Tip Romano
Tender medallions of beef, pan seared with mushrooms and roasted red peppers in a tomato basil sauce with a hint of spice, tossed with homemade fussili and locally sourced hand crafted fresh mozzarella cheese 23
 
Encrusted Salmon Siciliano
Baked encrusted salmon filet with panko bread crumbs and herbs, served over a bed of Sicilian inspired ratatouille and arugula salad 24
 
DOLCI
Chocolate Fondant 6
 
GELATO
Mocha 2
 
SORBETTO
Mango 2, TONIGHTS SPECIALS
 
COCKTAIL
Tropical Punch
Dark spiced rum, malibu, amaretto, oj & pineapple juice 8
 
VINO
Rodney Strong
Sauvignon Blanc/Sonoma 8/32
 
ZUPPA
Minestrone 3/5
 
ENTREE
Beef Pizziaola
Tender strips of sirloin beef simmered in a plump tomato-basil sauce with peppers and onions, tossed with tri-color tortellini and romano cheese, baked with mozzarella 22
 
Pesce Ala Vodka
Fresh tilapia, shrimp, lobster meat and calamari, prepared with shallots and vodka in a spicy marinara sauce, with asparagus and a touch of cream, tossed with lobster ravioli 25
 
DOLCI
Dream Bomba
Peanut butter gelato with a caramel center covered in a chocolate shell 6
 
GELATO
Mocha 2
 
SORBETTO
Mango 2, Todays Lunch Special

Creamy Marsala Steak Tips
Tender steak tips cooked to a perfect medium with mushrooms in a creamy marsala sauce over tri-colored tortellini 15

Zuppa
Minestrone 3/5, Todays Lunch Special

Seafood fra Diavolo
Swordfish, calamari & shrimp over linguini in a spicy marinara sauce 15

Zuppa
Minestrone, TONIGHTS SPECIALS
 
MARTINI
All-American
Stoli razberi & blueberi, blue curacao, splash of sour mix, and a hint of grenadine 8
 
VINO
Rodney Strong
Sauvignon Blanc/Sonoma 8/32

ZUPPA
Minestrone 3/5
 
ENTREE
Pesce Genovese
Wild swordfish, calamari, shrimp and baby clams simmered in a pesto-cream sauce with tomatoes, asparagus and artichoke hearts, tossed with penne pasta 26
 
Pollo Piccolo
Boneless strips of chicken breast sautéed with mushrooms, kalamata olives and hot Italian sausage in a spicy garlic-wine reduction tossed with linguini and romano cheese 18
 
DOLCI
Chocolate Fondant Cake 6
 
GELATO
Cookies & Cream 2
 
SORBETTO
Mango 2, TONIGHT SPECIALS

MARTINI
All-American
Stoli razberi & blueberi, blue curacao, splash of sour mix, and a hint of grenadine 8

VINO
Rodney Strong
Sauvignon Blanc/Sonoma 8/32 

ZUPPA
Creamy Potato & Leek 3/5

Antipasti
Toasted Bruschetta
Vine ripe tomatoes, English cucumbers, kalamata olives, red onions, fresh basil and our locally sourced hand-crafted fresh mozzarella cheese, mixed well with Italian vinaigrette, served over toasted baguette 8

ENTREE
Seafood Puttanesca
Wild scrod, shrimp and calamari simmered with kalamata olives and capers in a spicy tomato-basil sauce, served over linguini 25

Baked Chicken Fussili
Boneless strips of chicken breast, sautéed with roasted eggplant, tomatoes, red peppers and our hand-crafted fresh mozzarella cheese, in a white wine sauce with a hint of spice, tossed with homemade fresh fussili pasta and grated cheese and baked in our wood burning brick oven 18

DOLCI
Chocolate Fondant Cake 6

GELATO
Cookies & Cream 2

SORBETTO
Mango 2, Todays Lunch Special

Chicken Genovese
Chicken sauteed with broccoli, roasted red peppers and artichokes in a creamy pesto sauce tossed with penne pasta and topped with grated parmesan cheese 12

Zuppa
Beef and Rice, TONIGHTS SPECIALS

COCKTAIL
Caramel Cooler
Dark rum, peach liqueur, pineapple juice & a splash of grenadine 8

VINO
Ecker
Gruner Veltliner/Austria 8/32 

ZUPPA
Creamy Potato & Leek 3/5

ENTREE
Lobster Ravioli
Fresh lobster and shrimp sautéed in a spicy garlic-wine reduction with baby spinach, onions and tomatoes, tossed with lobster and ricotta filled raviolis and romano cheese 26

Twin Petite Filet Mignon
Twin 4 oz. petite beef tenderloins pan-seared and topped with a red wine demi-glace with roasted red peppers and mushrooms served with mashed potatoes and broccoli florets 23

DOLCI
Chocolate Fondant Cake 6

GELATO
Cookies & Cream 2

SORBETTO
Peach Bellini 2, Todays Lunch Special

Seafood Fra Diavolo
Scrod, shrimp & mussels sauteed in a spicy marinara sauce tossed with linguini 15, TONIGHTS SPECIALS
 
COCKTAIL
Melon Margarita
Midori, Jose Cuervo Silver Tequila, Patron Citronge & a splash of OJ 8
 
VINO
Ecker
Gruner Veltliner/Australia 8/32

ZUPPA
Beef Vegetable & Rice 3/5
 
ENTREE
Pesce Ala Vodka
Fresh lobster, shrimp, mussels and scallops simmered in a spicy vodka-marinara sauce with fresh chopped asparagus, romano cheese, and a touch of cream served on a bed of linguini 28
 
Twin Petite Filet Mignon
Twin 4 oz. petite beef tenderloins pan-seared and topped with a red wine demi-glace with roasted red peppers and mushrooms served with mashed potatoes and broccoli florets 25
 
DOLCI
Limoncello Truffle 6
 
GELATO
Strawberry Lavender 2
 
SORBETTO
Peach Bellini 2, Todays Lunch Specials

Melon Margarita
Midori, Jose Cuervo Silver Tequila, Patron Citronge & a splash of OJ 8

Zuppa
Beef & Rice 3/5

Scrod fra Diavolo
Pan seared scrod in a spicy marinara sauce over linguini 15, TONIGHTS SPECIALS

COCKTAIL
Melon margarita
Midori, Jose Cuervo Silver Tequila, Patron Citronge & a splash of OJ 8

VINO
Cristina Ascheri
Gavi Di Gavi/Italy 8/32 

ZUPPA
Beef Vegetable & Rice 3/5

ENTREE
Red Snapper
Fresh wild red snapper filet pan-seared and topped with a fresh pineapple salsa, served on a bed of baby arugula with risotto 24

Chicken Gorgonzola
Tender strips of boneless chicken breast simmered with mushrooms and roasted red peppers in a creamy gorgonzola cheese sauce, tossed with penne pasta and romano cheese 18

DOLCI
Limoncello Truffle 6

GELATO
Strawberry Lavender 2

SORBETTO
Peach Bellini 2, TONIGHTS SPECIALS

COCKTAIL
Watermelon Sangria
Je T’Aime Brut Rose, Light Rum, Patron Citronge, Pineapple Juice and Watermelon Liqueur 8

VINO
Cristina Ascheri
Gavi Di Gavi/Italy 8/32 

ZUPPA
Lentil Vegetable 3/5

ANTIPASTI
Spicy Mussels Bianca
Dutch style mussels sautéed with onions, tomatoes and baby spinach in a spicy garlic wine reduction with a hint of fresh sage 9

ENTREE
Encrusted Baked Salmon
Encrusted panko-herb salmon filet served over a bed of sicilian style vegetable ratatouille and arugula salad 23

Steak Diane
Tender medallions of beef, pan seared with mushrooms and roasted red peppers in a creamy-brandy reduction, accompanied by mashed potatoes and broccolini 22

DOLCI
Limoncello Mascarpone Cake 6

GELATO
Chocolate with Almonds 2

SORBETTO
Cranberry & Orange 2, Todays Lunch Special

Swordfish alla Vodka
Swordfish sauteed with aparagus in a vodka marinara sauce with a touch of cream tossed with gnocchi 15

Zuppa
Minestrone 3/5, TONIGHTSPECIALS

COCKTAIL
St.Germain Cocktail
Je T’Aime Rose with a splash of
St. Germain liqueur 8

VINO
Ascheri
Gavi Di Gavi/Italy 8/32 

ZUPPA
Lentil Vegetable 3/5

ENTREE
Seafood Tropical
Fresh lobster, bay scallops, tilapia, shrimp and p.e.i. mussels sautéed in a garlic-wine reduction with chopped pineapple, tomatoes and baby spinach, tossed with risotto and 
served in a fresh pineapple bowl 26

Rib Eye Pizziaola
Tender 12 oz. prime rib eye pan-seared to your liking and topped with a plump tomato-basil sauce with onions and roasted red peppers and baked with fresh mozzarella cheese, served with mashed potatoes and broccolini 24
 
DOLCI
Limoncello Mascarpone Cake
With raspberry sauce and fresh whipped cream 6 

GELATO          
Chocolate with Almonds 2          

SORBETTO 
Cranberry & Orange 2, Todays Lunch Special

Chicken Tropical
Chicken sauteed with fresh pineapple, tomato, and spinach in a garlic white wine sauce over risotto presented in a shell of a fresh pineapple 12, Todays Lunch Special

Seafood fra Diavolo
Swordfish, Shrimp & calamari tossed in a spicy marinara sauce served over linguini  15, TONIGHTS SPECIALS

COCKTAIL
Riviera
Belvedere Pink Grapefruit Vodka, Blue Curacao, Cranberry Juice and Gingerale  8

VINO
Je T’Aime
Brut Rose/France 10/40 

ZUPPA
Minestrone 3/5

ENTREE
Pesce Balsamico
Wild swordfish, shrimp, scallops and baby clams sautéed with zucchini, summer squash, and tomatoes in a garlic-wine reduction, served over a bed of baby spinach and risotto, drizzled with a sweet balsamic reduction 26

Pork Chop
Tender 12 oz. pork chop pan-seared and finished in a sweet Madeira-cream sauce with roasted red peppers and onions, served with mashed potatoes and asparagus 21
 
DOLCI
Chocolate Lava Cake 
Served with a scoop of vanilla gelato and fresh whipped cream 8 

GELATO          
Dulce de Leche 2          

SORBETTO 
Cranberry & Orange 2, Todays Lunch Special

Chicken Balsamico
Chicken sauteed with zucchini, summer squash & tomato in a garlin white wine sauce served over a bed of rice and fresh spinch drizzled with balsamic glaze 12

Zuppa
Minestrone 3/5, TONIGHTS SPECIALS

COCKTAIL
Riviera
Belvedere Pink Grapefruit Vodka, Blue Curacao & Pineapple Juice topped with lemon-lime soda 8

VINO
Je T’Aime
Brut Rose/France 10/40 

ZUPPA
Minestrone 3/5

ENTREE
Frutti Di Mare
Wild scrod, shrimp, calamari & baby clams simmered in a tomato-basil sauce, served over  linguini 27

Grilled Pork Chop
Fresh pork chop, grilled and topped with a mushroom madeira reduction with fried shaved shallots, accompanied by mashed potatoes and steamed asparagus 20

DOLCI
Limoncello Tartufo 6

GELATO          
Dulce de Leche 2          

SORBETTO 
Cranberry & Orange 2, Todays Lunch Special

Creamy Limoncello Chicken
Chicken sauteed with roasted red peppers, mushrooms and brocolli in a spicy limoncello sauce with a touch of cream over a bed of risotto 12, TONIGHTS SPECIALS

COCKTAIL
Blue Bayou
Belvedere Grapefruit Vodka, Blue Curacao & Pineapple Juice  8

VINO
Je T’Aime
Brut Rose/France 10/40 

ZUPPA
Minestrone 3/5

ENTREE
Surf & Turf
Tender beef tips, pan seared and simmered with shrimp, in a garlic white-wine sauce, served with mashed potatoes and broccoli 23

Chicken Francaise
Boneless chicken breast, dipped in egg batter and simmered in a lemon white- wine sauce, served with risotto and asparagus 18

DOLCI
Limoncello Tartufo 6

GELATO          
Dulce de Leche 2          

SORBETTO 
Cranberry & Orange 2, Beautiful weather all weekend! Join us for lunch or dinner and enjoy our patio seating, TONIGHTS SPECIALS
 
MARTINI
 Piña Coladita
Liquor 43, Malibu, a splash of Pineapple Juice & a hint of Cream 8
 
VINO
Je T’Aime
Brut Rose/France 10/40

ZUPPA
Beef Lentil 3/5
 
ENTREE
Seafood Cioppino
Dutch style mussels, lobster meat, bay scallops and shrimp, simmered in a spicy pomodoro sauce, served over linguini 27
 
Pork Osso Bucco
Braised  pork shanks with pearl onions, carrots and celery in a red wine pork stock reduction, accompanied with mashed red bliss potatoes and green beans 24
 
DOLCI
Limoncello Tartufo 6
 
GELATO          
Coffee Stracciatella 2          
 
SORBETTO 
Cranberry & Orange 2, A new edition to our bar: Old Monk Dark Rum.  Have you heard of it?  Did you know: This is the largest selling rum in the world?, Todays Lunch Special

Seafood fra Diavolo
Shrimp, calamari & baby clams in a spicy marinara sauce over linguini 15, Fathers Day is just around the corner. Have you made your reservation yet? We are accepting reservations of all sizes for Sunday June 17th 4pm to 9pm, Todays Lunch Special

Spicy Chicken and Shrimp Bianca
Chicken and shrimp sauteed with tomatoes, onion and spinach in a spicy garlic wine sauce over rice 15

Zuppa
Beef Lentil with Veggies 3/5, Todays Lunch Special

Chicken Abruzzi
Chicken sauteed with tomatoes and peas in a sherry cream sauce over risotto 12

Zuppa
Clam Chowder, SPECIALS

MARTINI
Pina Colada
Liquor 43, Malibu, a splash of Pineapple Juice & a hint of cream  8

VINO
Je T’Aime
Brut Rose/France 10/40 

ZUPPA
French Onion 3/5

ENTREE
Steak Tip Gorgonzola
Tender beef tips sautéed with mushrooms and roasted red peppers, in a creamy gorgonzola cheese sauce, tossed with tri-colored cheese tortellini 21

Seafood Cioppino
Dutch style mussels, fresh scrod, shrimp and calamari, simmered in a spicy pomodoro sauce, served over linguini 24

DOLCI
Lemon Raspberry Cake 6

GELATO          
Coffee Stracciatella 2          

SORBETTO 
Cranberry/Orange 2, Todays Lunch Special

Chicken Genovese
Chicken sauteed with toasted red pepper and artichoke in a creamy pesto sauce tossed with penne and topped with grated parmesan cheese 12, TONIGHTS DINNER SPECIALS
 
COCKTAIL
Raz Rickey
1800 Silver Tequila, Chambord, a splash of sprite & a hint of lime 8
 
VINO
Je T’Aime
Brut Rose/France 10/40

ZUPPA
New England Clam Chowder 4/6
 
ENTREE
 
Steak Tip Gorgonzola
Tender beef tips sautéed with mushrooms and roasted red peppers, in a creamy gorgonzola cheese sauce, tossed with tri-colored cheese tortellini 20
 
Lobster Ravioli
Lobster filled ravioli, prepared with mussels, capers and kalamata olives in a spicy tomato-basil sauce 18
 
DOLCI
Lemon Raspberry Cake 6
 
GELATO          
Coffee Stracciatella 2          
 
SORBETTO 
Cranberry/Orange 2, Todays Lunch Special

Pork Gorganzola
Pork medallions sauteed with mushrooms and roasted red peppers in a creamy gorganzola sauce tossed with farfalle 12, Todays Lunch Special

Shrimp, Baby Clams & Calamari Fra Diavolo 15

Zuppa del Giorno
Clam Chowder 3/5, Todays Lunch Special

Chicken Genovese
Chicken sauteed with tomato, asparagas and red pepper in a creamy pesto sauce tossed with penne 12

Zuppa del Giorno
Minestrone 3/5, SPECIALS

MARTINI
Biscotti Dream
Biscotti Liqueur, Orange Juice, and a splash of Cream 8

VINO
Joel Gott 815
Cabernet Sauvignon/California 10/40 

ZUPPA
Beef Barley 3/5

APPETIZER
Fried Tuscan Polenta Cake
Tuscan style polenta cake, made with roasted red peppers and spinach, flash fried & topped with our signature marinara sauce 6

ENTREE
Chicken With Farro & Eggplant Confi
Panko Encrusted chicken breast, flash fried & topped with a creamy Madeira sauce, served with eggplant confi with farro and steamed asparagus 21

Seafood Paella
Spanish Chorizo sausage, shrimp, calamari and baby clams, simmered in a spicy tomato-basil sauce, served over risotto 26

DOLCI
Dream Bomba 6
 
GELATO          
Orange Stracciatella 2          

SORBETTO 
Limoncello 2, Todays Lunch Special

Chicken Lorenzo
Chicken sauteed with roated red pepper, brocolli, and proscuitto in a garlic marsala wine sauce tossed with penne 12

Zuppa del Giorno
Beef and Barley, SPECIALS

MARTINI
Biscotti Dream
Biscotti Liqueur, Orange Juice, and a splash of Cream 8

VINO
Joel Gott 815
Cabernet Sauvignon/California 10/40 

ZUPPA
Beef Barley 3/5

ENTREE
Pork Tenderloin
Tender pork medallions prepared in a garlic port wine sauce served with mashed potatoes and broccoli 20

Pesce Puttanesca
Fresh scallops, shrimp, calamari and mussles prepared in a spicy tomato-basil sauce with capers and kalamata olives, served over linguini 25

DOLCI
Dream Bomba 6
 
GELATO          
Orange Stracciatella 2          

SORBETTO 
Limoncello 2, Todays Lunch Special

Chicken sauteed with red pepper, mushroom, and asparagas in a galic cream sauce tossed with penne 12, SPECIALS
 
COCKTAIL
Tuscan Pear
Grey Goose La Poire, Limoncello, Skyy Blood Orange Vodka, and Ginger Beer 8

VINO
Thomas Labaille
Sancerre /France 10/40 

ZUPPA
Minestrone 3/5

ENTREE
Steak Au Poivre
Tender 10 oz. coulotte steak rubbed in black pepper and pan-seared finished in a brandy-cream sauce with mushrooms and shallots, served with mashed potatoes and broccoli 23

Pesce Lazario
Fresh lobster, scrod, shrimp, and mussels sautéed with diced tomatoes and chopped asparagus in a spicy garlic-wine reduction with a touch of pesto, tossed with linguini and romano cheese 28

DOLCI
Key Lime Cheesecake 6

GELATO          
Mint Stracciatella 2          

SORBETTO 
Limoncello 2, Todays Lunch Special

Fish and Chips 10

Zuppa del Giorno
Gazpacho, SPECIALS
 
COCKTAIL
Tuscan Pear
Grey Goose La Poire, Limoncello, Skyy Blood Orange Vodka, and Ginger Beer 8

VINO
Thomas Labaille
Sancerre /France 10/40 

ZUPPA
Minestrone 3/5

ENTREE
Steak Tips Au Poivre
Tender beef tips rubbed in black pepper and pan-seared finished in a brandy-cream sauce with mushrooms and shallots, served with mashed potatoes and broccoli 20

Pesce Lazario
Fresh scrod, shrimp, and calamari sautéed with diced tomatoes and chopped asparagus in a spicy garlic-wine reduction with a touch of pesto, tossed with linguini and romano cheese 24

DOLCI
Lemon Raspberry Cake 5

GELATO          
White Chocolate w/ Cranberry 2          

SORBETTO 
Strawberry w/ Stracciatella 2, SPECIALS
 
COCKTAIL
Perfect Pear Martini
Grey Goose La Poire, St. Germain, Disaronno, and Lemon Juice 8

VINO
Thomas Labaille
Sancerre /France 10/40 

ZUPPA
Minestrone 3/5

ENTREE
Braised Lamb Shank
Tender lamb shank braised for hours in a sweet port wine reduction with carrots, celery, pearl onions and green beans, served on a bed of risotto 20

Baked Pasta Combo
A combo of cheese tortellini, pumpkin gnocci, lobster ravioli and artichoke and marscapone agnolotti all baked in a plump tomato-cream sauce with ricotta cheese and melted mozzarella 18

DOLCI
Lemon Raspberry cake 5

 GELATO          
White Chocolate w/ Cranberry 2          

SORBETTO 
Strawberry w/ Stracciatella, Zuppa del Giorno
Minestrone, TONIGHTS SPECIALS 

COCKTAIL
Watermelon Margarita
1800 Silver Tequila, Patron Citronge and Watermelon Liqueurs 8

VINO
Thomas Labaille
Sancerre /France 10/40 

ZUPPA 
Minestrone 3/5

ENTREE
Steak Diane
Tender beef medallions, pan seared with mushrooms & roasted red peppers in a brandy-cream sauce, accompanied with mashed red bliss potatoes & asparagus 21

Lobster Ravioli Alla Vodka
Dutch style mussels & shrimp, simmered in Fiorella’s signature vodka sauce with a touch of cream & spice, served with lobster & ricotta filled ravioli 23

DOLCI
Lemon Raspberry cake 5

GELATO          
White Chocolate w/ Cranberry 2          

SORBETTO 
Strawberry w/ Stracciatella 2, Sorry for any inconvenience, but due to some electrical issues, we will not be opening the patio as soon as we hoped., TONIGHTS SPECIALS

COCKTAIL

Caribbean

1800 Coconut Tequila, Patron Citronge Liqueur and Pineapple Juice 8

VINO

Deep Sea Red
Central Coast /California 10/40

ZUPPA DEL GIORNO

Creamy Potato & Three Cheese 3/5

 ENTREES

Pesce Paella

Fresh lobster meat, bay scallops, shrimp, mahi and mussels, simmered in a spicy fish and tomato stock with spicy chorizo sausage, tossed with risotto and baked with romano cheese 28

 Lamb Osso Bucco

Tender lamb shank braised for hours in a red wine lamb stock with fresh vegetables, served with mashed potatoes and green beans 25

Dessert
Chocolate Lava Cake Ala Mode 8

GELATO DEL GIORNO
White Chocolate w/ Cranberry 2              

SORBETTO DEL GIORNO
Strawberry w/ Stracciatella 2, In case you didnt know, the Celtics are playing game 7 of their play-off series against the 76ers tonight at 8pm.  While you're waiting for your table, grab a drink at the bar and dont miss a second of it., A friendly reminder: Fiorells's restaurant will be opening at 4pm on Monday May 28th 2012 instead of the usual 1130 time in observance of Memorial Day., TONIGHTS SPECIALS 

COCKTAIL
Caribbean
1800 Coconut Tequila, Patron Citronge Liqueur and Pineapple Juice 8

VINO
Avissi
Prosecco /Italy 10/40 

ZUPPA DEL GIORNO
Creamy Potato & 3 Cheese 3/5

ENTREES
Pesce Bianca
Fresh lobster meat, bay scallops, shrimp and mussels, sautéed in a garlic-wine reduction with onions, tomatoes and fresh sage, tossed with linguini and romano cheese 28

Lamb Osso Bucco
Tender lamb shank braised for hours in a red wine lamb stock with fresh vegetables, served with mashed potatoes and green beans 25

Dessert
Chocolate Lava Cake Ala Mode 8

GELATO DEL GIORNO              
Gianduia 2
(Hazelnut and Chocolate)

SORBETTO DEL GIORNO
Strawberry w/ Stracciatella 2, Todays Lunch Special

Mahi Cannelini
A fresh Mahi fillet sauteed with tomatoes, capers and cannelini beans in a lemon wine sauce over risotto 15, Our patio will be opening this weekend and the weather seems to be on our side so join us for dinner under the stars, TONIGHTS SPECIALS 

MARTINI
Ty-Ku Skinny Cosmo
Ty-Ku Citrus Liqueur, Ty-Ku Sojo & a splash of cranberry with fresh lime juice 8

VINO
Napa Cellars
Sauvignon Blanc /California 10/40 

ZUPPA DEL GIORNO
Creamy Potato & 3 Cheese 3/5

Appetizer
Fried Tuscan Polenta Cake
Creamy polenta prepared with roasted red peppers and fresh baby spinach, flash fried and served with Fiorella’s signature marinara

ENTREES
Shrimp & Chorizo Tropical
Spanish chorizo sausage and shrimp, sautéed with fresh pineapple chunks, tomatoes and baby spinach in a garlic wine sauce, tossed with risotto and served in an actual pineapple shell 22

Creamy Chicken Madeira With Agnolotti
Artichoke, mascarpone and ricotta cheese filled Agnolotti, prepared with sautéed chicken, roasted red peppers and caramelized onions in a creamy Madeira sauce 19

Dessert
Chocolate Lava Cake Ala Mode 7

GELATO DEL GIORNO                      SORBETTO DEL GIORNO
Gianduia 2                                      Strawberry w/ Stracciatella 2
(Hazelnut and Chocolate), Todays Lunch Special

Baked Chicken Tortellini
Sauteed chicken with tomatoes and olives in a garlic cream sauce tossed with tri-colored tortellini and topped with melted mozzarella cheese 12

Zuppa del Giorno
Beef Barley, TONIGHTS SPECIALS 

MARTINI
Ty-Ku Skinny Cosmo
Ty-Ku Citrus Liqueur, Ty-Ku Sojo & a splash of cranberry with fresh lime juice 8

VINO
Penfolds Bin 128
Shiraz /Australia 10/40 

ZUPPA DEL GIORNO
Beef Barley 3/5

ENTREES
Mahi Mahi
Fresh mahi filet pan-seared and finished in a lemon-wine reduction with cannellini beans, tomatoes and capers, served with risotto and asparagus 20

Chicken Gorgonzola
Tender strips of boneless chicken breast simmered in a gorgonzola-cream sauce with fresh mushrooms and roasted red peppers, tossed with penne pasta 19

Dessert
Lemon Raspberry Cake 5

GELATO DEL GIORNO              SORBETTO DEL GIORNO
Gianduia 2                              Strawberry w/ Stracciatella 2
(Hazelnut and Chocolate), TONIGHTS SPECIALS 

MARTINI
Ty-Ku Skinny Cosmo
Ty-Ku Citrus Liqueur, Ty-Ku Sojo & a splash of cranberry with fresh lime juice 8

VINO
Penfolds Bin 128
Shiraz /Australia 10/40 
ZUPPA DEL GIORNO
Beef Barley 3/5

Antipasti
Fried Tuscan Polenta Cake
Creamy polenta cake prepared with baby spinach and roasted red peppers, flash fried and served with Fiorella’s signature marinara 8

ENTREES
Herb & Panko Crusted Chicken
Encrusted boneless chicken breast, with herbs and panko crumbs, flash fried and topped with served with risotto del giorno and romano arugula salad with a light vinaigrette 20

Seafood Cioppino
Fresh scrod, calamari, shrimp and baby clams simmered in a spicy light pomodoro sauce, served over a bed of linguini 27

Dessert
Lemon Raspberry Cake 6

GELATO DEL GIORNO              SORBETTO DEL GIORNO
Gianduia 2                               Strawberry w/ Stracciatella 2(Hazelnut and Chocolate), Congrats to all the grads this week!

Reserve a table or room, or call to have your party catered by Fiorellas now. You can have your food hot or cold and even delivered from one of our express locations in Belmont or Brighton., Todays Lunch Special

Chicken Abruzzi
Flash fried chicken cutlet topped with a sherry cream sauce with peas and mushrooms served over risotto 12

Zuppa di Giorno
Beef Barley 3/5, TONIGHTS SPECIALS 

MARTINI                                      
Ty-ku Martini
Ty-Ku Citrus Liqueur & Absolut 8

VINO
Ecker
GrunerVeltliner /Austria 9/36 
ZUPPA DEL GIORNO
Creamy Broccoli & Asparagus 3/5

ENTREES
Beef Tips Verdure
Tender beef tips simmered in a beef and tomato stock with red wine, and a blend of fresh vegetables, served on a bed of risotto 21

Seafood Genovese
Fresh scrod, mussels, shrimp and scallops simmered in a creamy pesto sauce with tomatoes, artichoke hearts and asparagus, tossed with tri-color tortellini and romano cheese 27

Dessert
Dream Bomba 5
Peanut butter gelato with a caramel center and a hard chocolate shell 6

GELATO DEL GIORNO              SORBETTO DEL GIORNO
Gianduia 2                             Strawberry w/ Stracciatella 2
(Hazelnut and Chocolate), TONIGHTS SPECIALS

BIRRA                                      
Yeti 
Imperial Stout 6

VINO
di Lenardo
Pinot Grigio/Italy 7/28

ZUPPA DEL GIORNO
Chicken Vegetable 3/5

ENTREES
Stuffed Pork Chop
Bone in pork chop, stuffed with a cranberry-apple stuffing made with cracker crumbs and a hint of brandy, topped with honey-port wine reduction, accompanied with mashed red bliss potatoes and steamed asparagus 20

Pesce Ala Vodka
Fresh wild scrod, shrimp, calamari and mussels all simmered in a spicy vodka-marinara sauce with chopped asparagus, shallots, romano cheese and a touch of cream, served over linguini 25

Dessert
Chocolate Mousse 6

GELATO DEL GIORNO
Dulce De Leche Stracciatella 2

SORBETTO DEL GIORNO
Mixed Berries 2, TONIGHTS SPECIALS

BIRRA                                      
Yeti
Imperial Stout 6

 VINO
di Lenardo
Pinot Grigio/Italy 7/28

 ENTREES

Filet Mignon

Center cut 8 oz. beef tenderloin pan-seared to your liking and topped with creamy gorgonzola sauce, served with mashed potatoes and green beans 23

Pesce Ala Vodka

Fresh lobster meat, shrimp and mussels all simmered in a spicy vodka-marinara sauce with chopped asparagus, shallots, romano cheese and a touch of cream, served on a bed of linguini 26

 Dessert

Chocolate Lava Cake
Topped with vanilla gelato and fresh whipped cream 8

GELATO DEL GIORNO             
Banana Stracciatella 2                                     

SORBETTO DEL GIORNO
Mixed Berries 2, TONIGHT’S SPECIALS 

BIRRA                                      
Yeti 
Imperial Stout 6

VINO
Deep Sea
Red/Central Coast, CA 10/40 

ZUPPA DEL GIORNO
Creamy Broccoli & Asiago 3/5

ENTREES
Stuffed Pork Chop
Center cut pork chop stuffed with spinach, goat cheese and roasted red peppers, pan-seared and finished in our wood-fired oven, drizzled with a sweet balsamic reduction and served with mashed potatoes and aspargus 24

Pesce Lazario
Fresh lobster, shrimp, mussels and scallops all sautéed in a spicy garlic-wine reduction with chopped tomatoes and broccoli florets, tossed with linguini and romano cheese 28

Dessert
Chocolate Lava Cake Ala Mode
Warm chocolate lava cake served with vanilla bean gelato 8

GELATO DEL GIORNO              SORBETTO DEL GIORNO
Banana Stracciatella 2             Mixed Berries 2, Today's Lunch Special

Mahi Mahi & Shrimp Bianca
Sauteed Mahi Mahi and Shrimp tossed with tomato, onions and spinach in a spicy garlic wine sauce over linguini 15

Zuppa
Vegetable Lentil, Please join us for a delightful evening of food & wine!

Fiorella's will be hosting a four course dinner & wine pairing at 7pm, Tuesday May 15.

The evening will begin with a welcome reception at 6:30pm followed by dinner at 7pm. Joe Shirley, head winemaker at award-winning Napa Cellars will be our guest wine expert for the evening. Our Executive Chef Earl Quinn, has created a delicious menu to complement the wines perfectly.

Dining will be $55 per person plus tax and gratuity. Seating is limited so please call 617.969.9990 to make your reservation.

We look forward to seeing you!

Menu*

Appetizer
Crab Stuffed Mushrooms
Napa Cellars Chardonnay 2010

Salad
Carmelized Pear and Gorgonzola Salad
Napa Cellars Sauvignon Blanc 2010

Main Course
Braised Pork with Wild Mushroom Risotto
Napa Cellars Cabernet Sauvignon 2009

Dessert
Lemon-Raspberry Mousse
Napa Cellars Pinot Noir 2010, TONIGHT’S SPECIALS 

BIRRA                                     
Yeti 
Imperial Stout 6

VINO
di Lenardo
Pinot Grigio/Fruili, Italy 7/28 

ZUPPA DEL GIORNO
Vegetarian Lentil 3/5

ENTREES
Pollo Piccolo
Boneless chicken breast strips and hot Italian sausage sautéed with mushrooms and kalamata olives in a spicy white wine reduction, tossed with linguini and romano cheese 18

Pesce Sofia
Fresh salmon, shrimp and sea scallops sautéed with sweet peas, tomatoes and artichoke hearts, in a garlic-wine reduction with a touch of pesto, tossed with tri-color tortellini and romano cheese 25

Dessert
Chocolate Bread Pudding Ala Mode
Made with chocolate croissant and cinnamon raisin bread 7

GELATO DEL GIORNO              SORBETTO DEL GIORNO
Cookies & Cream 2                  Coconut 2, Todays Lunch Special

Baked Chicken and Tortellini
Tossed in our marinara sauce with ricotta and topped with fresh mozzarella then baked 12, TONIGHT’S SPECIALS 
 
Dessert
Chocolate Bread Pudding Ala Mode
Made with chocolate croissant and cinnamon raisin bread 7

BIRRA                                      
Yeti 
Imperial Stout 6

VINO
di Lenardo
Pinot Grigio/Fruili, Italy 7/28 

ZUPPA DEL GIORNO
Italian Wedding 3/5               Chicken Vegetable 3/5

ENTREES
Cranberry Chicken
Boneless chicken breast, pan seared with mushrooms, dried cranberries, flambéed with a honey-port wine reduction, accompanied with mashed red bliss potatoes and asparagus 20

Frutti Di Mare
Fresh scrod, shrimp, calamari and mussels, simmered in a spicy pomodoro sauce, served over linguini 25
                                       
GELATO DEL GIORNO              SORBETTO DEL GIORNO
Cookies & Cream 2                  Coconut 2, Todays Lunch Special

Short Ribs
Boneless short ribs simmered with pearl onions, carrots and celery in a red wine beef stock reduction served over a bed of risotto and brocolli florets 12, TONIGHT’S SPECIALS 

BIRRA              
Yeti 
Imperial Stout 6

VINO
di Lenardo
Pinot Grigio/Fruili, Italy 7/28 

ZUPPA DEL GIORNO
Italian Wedding 3/5         Chicken Vegetable 3/5

ENTREES
Short Ribs & Sausage
Tender beef short ribs braised for hours in a red wine and tomato beef stock with fresh vegetables, served with hot Italian sausage over risotto 20

Pesce Genovese
Fresh scrod, shrimp, and mussels all simmered in a creamy pesto sauce with tomatoes and chopped asparagus, tossed with tri-color tortellini and romano cheese 23
 
Dessert
Chocolate Lava Cake 
Topped with vanilla gelato and fresh whipped cream 8
                                       
GELATO DEL GIORNO              SORBETTO DEL GIORNO
Coffee Stracciatella 2              Coconut 2, Fiorellas will be open 1130am to 10 pm on Mothers Day. Call and make your reservations now! We're filling up fast., TONIGHT’S SPECIALS 

BIRRA                                      
Yeti 
Imperial Stout 5

VINO
di Lenardo
Pinot Grigio/Fruili, Italy 7/28 

ZUPPA DEL GIORNO
Italian Wedding 3/5                                    
New England Clam Chowder 4/6

ENTREES
Filet Mignon
Tender beef 8 oz. beef tenderloin pan-seared to your liking and topped with a red wine demi glace with mushrooms and shallots, served with mashed potatoes and asparagus 25

Pesce Genovese
Fresh lobster meat, salmon, shrimp, and mussels all simmered in a pesto-cream sauce with tomatoes and chopped asparagus, tossed with penne pasta and romano cheese 28
 
Dessert
Lemon Torte 
Lemon meringue cake 6
             
                          
GELATO DEL GIORNO              SORBETTO DEL GIORNO
Coffee Stracciatella 2              Coconut 2, Todays Lunch Special

Chicken & Shrimp Bianca
Chicken and shrimp sauteed with tomato, onio0ns and spinach in a spicy garlic wine sauce tossed with linguini 15

Zuppa
Creamy Potato Soup, TONIGHT’S SPECIALS 

ENTREES
Misto Di Carne
Tender beef strips, boneless chicken breast & crusted pork tenderloin, pan seared with fire roasted red peppers, peas and caramelized onions, simmered in a creamy Madeira sauce and tossed with fresh fussili pasta and parmesan cheese 22

Seafood Cioppino
Fresh wild scrod, shrimp, calamari and baby clams, simmered in a spicy pomodoro sauce with a hint of fresh herbs, served over linguini 26

BIRRA                                      
Sam Adams Alpine Spring 
Bright Citrus Unfiltered Lager 5

VINO
di Lenardo
Pinot Grigio/Fruili, Italy 7/28 

ZUPPA DEL GIORNO
Italian Wedding 3/5                                    
Creamy Potato Soup 3/5
 
Dessert
Lemon Tarte 6
             
GELATO DEL GIORNO              SORBETTO DEL GIORNO
Coffee Stracciatella 2              Coconut 2, Todays Lunch Special

Pork Tenderloin
Pan seared crusted pork tenderloin with roasted red peppers and sweet peas in a creamy madeira sauce served over risotto 12

Zuppa
Creamy Potato 3/5, TONIGHT’S SPECIALS 

ENTREES
Pork Tenderloin
Tender pork medallions pan-seared and finished in a sweet Madeira-cream sauce with carmelized onions and sweet peas, served with mashed potatoes and asoparagus 22

Shrimp & Chicken Lazario
Fresh shrimp and tender chicken breast strips sautéed with broccoli and roasted red peppers in a spicy garlic-wine reduction, tossed with pumpkin ravioli and romano cheese 22

BIRRA                                     
Sam Adams Alpine Spring 
Bright CitrusUnfiltered Lager 5

VINO
di Lenardo
Pinot Grigio/Fruili, Italy 7/28 

ZUPPA DEL GIORNO
Italian Wedding 3/5     Roasted Chicken & Vegetable 3/5
 
Dessert
Spumoni Bomba
Chocolate, strawberry and pistachio gelato in a hard chocolate shell 6
             
GELATO DEL GIORNO              SORBETTO DEL GIORNO
Mint Stracciatella 2                  Coconut 2, Todays Lunch Special

Pumpkin Ravioli
with chicken sauteed in a sherry cream sauce with onion and tomato topped with romano cheese 12, TONIGHT’S SPECIALS 

GELATO DEL GIORNO              SORBETTO DEL GIORNO
Mint Stracciatella 2                  Coconut 2 

BIRRA                                     
Sam Adams Alpine Spring 
Bright Citrus Unfiltered Lager 5

VINO
di Lenardo
Pinot Grigio/Fruili, Italy 7/28 

ZUPPA DEL GIORNO
Italian Wedding 3/5     Roasted Chicken & vegetable 3/5

ENTREES
Oat & Herb Crusted Pork Tenderloin
Oat & herb crusted medallions of pork tenderloin, topped with a honey-port wine reduction accompanied with flash fried Mediterranean polenta and steamed broccoli florets 22

Seafood Cioppino  
Dutch style mussels, wild fresh scrod, shrimp and calamari simmered in a spicy pomodoro sauce with a touch of herb blend, served over linguini 22
 
Dessert
Spumoni Bomba
Chocolate, strawberry and pistachio gelato in a hard chocolate shell 6, Fiorellas now has draft beer!

Rapscallion Honey
Dogfish Head 60 Minute IPA
Stella Artois
Sam Adams Seasonal Selection

Come in and check it out!
If you can name the style of our draght tower, you get a free jar of our signature mariana sauce., Todays Lunch Special

Ravioli Al Forno 12

Zuppa
Roasted Chicken Garden Veggie, TONIGHT’S SPECIALS 

BIRRA                                      
Sam Adams Alpine Spring 
Bright Citrus Unfiltered Lager 5

VINO
di Lenardo
Pinot Grigio/Fruili, Italy 7/28 

ZUPPA DEL GIORNO
Italian Wedding 3/5     Chorizo Barley 3/5

ENTREES
Steak Pizziaola
Tender 10 oz. coulotte steak pan-seared to your liking and topped with a plump tomato-basil sauce with green peppers, onions, and mozzarella cheese 
served with mashed potatoes and broccoli 20

Pesce Genovese
Fresh shrimp, mussels and calamari simmered in a pesto-cream sauce with artichoke hearts, tomatoes and asparagus, tossed with raviolis stuffed 
with roasted red pepper and goat cheese 22
 
Dessert
Spumoni Bomba
Chocolate, strawbeery and pistachio gelato in a hard chocolate shell 6
             
GELATO DEL GIORNO              SORBETTO DEL GIORNO
Mint Stracciatella 2                  Lemon 2, TONIGHT’S SPECIALS 

Birra                                       
Sam Adams Alpine Spring 
Bright Citrus Unfiltered Lager 5

VINO
di Lenardo
Pinot Grigio/Fruili, Italy 7/28 

ZUPPA DEL GIORNO
Italian Wedding 3/5     Tomato Florentine 3/5

ENTREES
Steak Au Poivre
Tender 10 oz. coulotte steak rubbed in black pepper pan-seared and finished in a brandy-cream sauce with mushrooms and shallots, served with mashed potatoes 
and green beans almondine 24

Pesce Ala Vodka
Fresh lobster meat, shrimp, scrod, and mussels in a spicy vodka-marinara sauce with fresh chopped asparagus, romano cheese and a touch of cream, served on a bed of linguini 28
 
Dessert
Chocolate Lava Cake 6    
             
GELATO DEL GIORNO              SORBETTO DEL GIORNO
Mint Stracciatella 2                  Lemon 2, TONIGHT’S SPECIALS 

MARTINI                                      
Blueberry Lemon Drop 
Stoli Blueberi, and Limoncello 9

VINO
Rodney Strong
Merlot/California 8/32 

ZUPPA DEL GIORNO
Italian Wedding 3/5     Garden Vegetable 3/5

ENTREES
Short Ribs
Boneless beef short ribs braised for hours with pearl onions, carrots and celery in a burgundy and tomato beef stock, served with mashed potatoes and asparagus 22

Pesce Florentine
Fresh shrimp, scrod, calamari and mussels, prepared with diced tomatoes and spinach in a garlic white-wine sauce, tossed with tri-colored cheese tortellini 25

Dessert
Lemoncello Mascarpone Cake   6    
             
GELATO DEL GIORNO              SORBETTO DEL GIORNO
Amaretto 2                            Lemon 2, TONIGHT’S SPECIALS 

MARTINI                                       
Blueberry Lemon Drop 
Stoli Blueberi, and Limoncello 9

VINO
Rodney Strong
Merlot/California 8/32 

ZUPPA DEL GIORNO
Italian Wedding 3/5     Creamy Potato Leek 3/5

ENTREES
Chicken with Pumpkin Ravioli
Boneless strips of chicken breast, sautéed with grape tomatoes, fresh sage, prepared in a brown butter sauce, tossed with jumbo pumpkin stuffed ravioli and parmesan cheese 19  

Scallops & Shrimp Tropical
Fiorella’s tropical twist! Fresh sea scallops and shrimp, sautéed with diced pineapples, tomatoes and baby spinach, prepared in a garlic wine sauce, tossed with risotto and served in an actual pineapple bowl 26

Dessert
German Chocolate Cake        
With coconut filling, chocolate icing and smothered in chocolate ganache and toasted pecans 6
             
GELATO DEL GIORNO              SORBETTO DEL GIORNO
Amaretto 2                             Blueberry 2, TONIGHT’S SPECIALS 

MARTINI                                       
Blueberry Lemon Drop 
Stoli Blueberi, and Limoncello 9

VINO
Rodney Strong
Merlot/California 8/32 

ZUPPA DEL GIORNO
Italian Wedding 3/5     Beef Barley 3/5

ENTREES
Stuffed Pork Chop
Tender 12 oz. pork chop stuffed with a delicious apple-cranberry cracker stuffing, simmered in a sweet Madeira-cream sauce with broccoli florets and served
over pumpkin gnocci 21

Pesce Provencale
Fresh salmon, swordfish, calamari and shrimp all sautéed with tomatoes, kalamata olives and capers in a garlic-wine reduction served on a bed of linguini with a touch of marinara 26

Desert
German Chocolate Cake        
With coconut filling, chocolate icing and smothered in chocolate ganache and toasted pecans 6
                                       
GELATO DEL GIORNO              SORBETTO DEL GIORNO
 Mocha 2                                 Blueberry 2, TONIGHT’S SPECIALS 

MARTINI                                       
Blueberry Lemon Drop 
Stoli Blueberi, and Limoncello 9

VINO
Rodney Strong
Merlot/California 8/32 

ZUPPA DEL GIORNO
Italian Wedding 3/5     Creamy Potato Leek 3/5

ENTREES
Cranberry Chicken
Boneless chicken breast pan-seared with mushrooms, dried cranberries and topped with a honey-port wine reduction, accompanied with mashed red bliss potatoes and green beans 20a

Frutti Di Mare
Fresh wild scrod, calamari, shrimp and baby clams, simmered with fresh herbs in a spicy pomodoro sauce, served over linguini 27

Desert
German Chocolate Cake 6          
(With coconut filling, chocolate icing and smothered in chocolate ganache and toasted pecans)
                                       
GELATO DEL GIORNO              SORBETTO DEL GIORNO
 Mocha 2                                 Blueberry 2, TONIGHT’S SPECIALS 

COCKTAIL                                       
Dark and Stormy 
Goslings Black Seal Rum, Floated atop Goslings Ginger Beer 8

VINO
Lilliano
Chianti Classico/Italy 10/40 

ZUPPA DEL GIORNO
Italian Wedding 3/5     Beef Barley 3/5

ENTREES
Misto Di Carne
Pan-seared pork tenderloin and chicken breast glazed with a honey-port wine reduction, served with mashed potatoes and asparagus 21

Pesce Balsamico
Fresh sea scallops and shrimp sautéed with fresh garden vegetables in a garlic-wine reduction served on a bed of baby spinbach with risotto and drizzled with a delicious balsamic glaze 23

DESSERT
Dream Bomba 
Peanut butter gelato with a caramel center and a hard chocolate shell 6

GELATO DEL GIORNO                         SORBETTO DEL GIORNO
White Chocolate with Cranberry 2       Strawberry with Chocolate 2, The Red Sox play at 1230 today. Come watch with us!, Todays Lunch Special

Pork Lorenzo
Pork tenderloin over risotto in a garlic marsala wine sauce with roasted red pepper, broccoli, proscuitto, TONIGHT’S SPECIALS 

COCKTAIL                                       
Dark and Stormy 
Goslings Black Seal Rum, Floated atop Goslings Ginger Beer 8

VINO
Lilliano
Chianti Classico/Italy 10/40 

ZUPPA DEL GIORNO
Italian Wedding 3/5                New England Clam Chowder 4/6

ENTREES
Swordfish & Shrimp
Fresh swordfish filet, pan seared with shrimp, and prepared in a creamy lemoncello reduction with a hint of spice, accompanied with risotto, and arugula salad with light vinaigrette 26

Cranberry Chicken
Boneless chicken breast, pan seared with mushrooms, and caramelized onions, prepared in a honey port sauce, with cranberries, served with mashed red bliss potatoes and asparagus 21

DESSERT
Berries Cheesecake 5

GELATO DEL GIORNO                         SORBETTO DEL GIORNO
White Chocolate with Cranberry 2       Strawberry with Chocolate 2, TONIGHT’S SPECIALS 

COCKTAIL                                       
Moscow Mule 
Ketel One Vodka, Ginger Beer, Lime 8

VINO
Tapena
Tempranillo/Spain 7/28 

ZUPPA DEL GIORNO
Italian Wedding 3/5     New England Clam Chowder 4/6

ENTREES
Seafood Puttanesca
Fresh lobster meat, swordfish, bay scallops, shrimp and mussels simmered in a spicy tomato-basil sauce with capers and kalamata olives, served over linguini 25

Pork Madeira
Pork medallions prepared with onions, sweet peas and roasted red peppers in a creamy madeira sauce, severed with mashed potatoes and broccoli 21

DESSERT
Berries Cheesecake 6

GELATO DEL GIORNO                         SORBETTO DEL GIORNO
White Chocolate with Cranberry 2       Strawberry with Chocolate 2, null, TONIGHT’S SPECIALS 

COCKTAIL                                        
Moscow Mule 
Ketel One Vodka, Ginger Beer, Lime 8

VINO
Tapena
Tempranillo/Spain 7/28 

ZUPPA DEL GIORNO
Italian Wedding 3/5     New England Clam Chowder 4/6

ENTREES
Surf & Turf
Tender 8 oz. filet mignon cooked to your liking accompanied with 2 baked stuffed jumbo shrimp stuffed with a crab and cracker stuffing, drizzled with a creamy garlic sauce and served with fresh steamed broccoli and mashed potatoes 29

Pesce Ala Vodka
Fresh lobster meat, bay scallops, shrimp and mussels all simmered in a spicy vodka-marinara sauce with chopped asparagus, romano cheese and a touch of cream, tossed with cavatelli pasta 27

DESSERT
Berries Cheesecake 6

GELATO DEL GIORNO                         SORBETTO DEL GIORNO
White Chocolate with Cranberry 2       Strawberry with Chocolate 2, To all Fiorella fans: We will be closed on Easter, Sunday April, 8th.  Sorry for any inconvenience.  Enjoy your holiday., Today's Lunch Special

Fish and Chips

Zuppa
Clam Chowder, TONIGHT’S SPECIALS 

COCKTAIL                                        
Moscow Mule 
Ketel One Vodka, Ginger Beer, Lime 8

VINO
Tapena
Tempranillo/Spain 7/28 

ZUPPA DEL GIORNO
Italian Wedding 3/5     Minestrone 3/5

ENTREES
Surf & Turf
Tender 10 oz. coulotte steak cooked to your liking and topped with a brandy-cream sauce with mushrooms and shallots, served with baked bay scallops, 
mashed potatoes and asparagus 26

Chicken Genovese
Chicken breast strips simmered in a pesto-cream sauce with tomatoes, asparagus and artichoke hearts, tossed with penne pasta and romano cheese 18

DESSERT
Berries Cheesecake 6

GELATO DEL GIORNO              SORBETTO DEL GIORNO
Irish Cream 2                         Strawberry with Chocolate 2, Todays Lunch Special

Chicken Al Forno
Sauteed Chicken with mushrooms, roasted red pepper and green peppers in a tomato basil sauce tossed with penne pasta and melted fresh mozzarella cheese 12

Zuppa
Minestrone, TONIGHT’S SPECIALS 

COCKTAIL                                        
Moscow Mule 
Ketel One Vodka, Ginger Beer, Lime 8

VINO
Tapena
Tempranillo/Spain 7/28 

ZUPPA DEL GIORNO
Italian Wedding 3/5     Minestrone 3/5

ENTREES
Seafood Puttanesca
Fresh scrod, calamari and baby clams, prepared in a spicy tomato-basil sauce with kalamata olives and capers, served over lobster ravioli 24

Surf & Turf
Tender 10 oz. coulotte steak pan-seared and prepared with shrimp in a garlic white-wine sauce, served with mashed potatoes and asparagus 23

DESSERT
Chocolate Lava Cake
Served ala mode with vanilla gelato 7

GELATO DEL GIORNO              SORBETTO DEL GIORNO
Irish Cream 2                         Strawberry with Chocolate 2, TONIGHT’S SPECIALS 

COCKTAIL                                        
Moscow Mule 
Ketel One Vodka, Ginger Beer, Lime 8

VINO
Tapena
Tempranillo/Spain 7/28 

ZUPPA DEL GIORNO
Italian Wedding 3/5     Fish Chowder 4/6

ENTREES
Pesce  Angelica
Fresh lobster, shrimp, scallops and mussels, sautéed with tomatoes and broccoli in a garlic-wine reduction with pesto, tossed with tri-color tortellini and romano cheese 27

Steak Pizziaola
Tender 10 oz. coulotte steak pan-seared to your liking, topped with a tomato-basil sauce with peppers and onions and baked with mozzarella cheese, served with oven-roasted potatoes and steamed broccoli 24

DESSERT
Lemon Cream Torte
Topped with meringue flambé 6

GELATO DEL GIORNO                                            SORBETTO DEL GIORNO
Chocolate with Chocolate Shavings 2                      Pomegranate 2, TONIGHT’S SPECIALS 

COCKTAIL                                        
Moscow Mush 
Kettle One Vodka, Ginger Beer, Lime 8

VINO
Tapena
Tempranillo/Spain 7/28 

ZUPPA DEL GIORNO
Italian Wedding 3/5     Beef Barley 3/5

ENTREES
Pesce Lazario
Fresh salmon, calamari, baby clams and shrimp sautéed with broccoli, roasted red peppers and onions in a spicy garlic-wine reduction, tossed with penne pasta and romano cheese 23

Misto Di Carne
Tender beef tips, hot Italian sausage and chicken all simmered in a madeira-cream sauce with roasted red peppers and sweet peas, served with mashed potatoes and asparagus 21

DESSERT
Lemon Cream Torte
Topped with meringue flambé  6

GELATO DEL GIORNO                                            SORBETTO DEL GIORNO
Chocolate with Chocolate Shavings 2                      Pomegranate 2, Todays Lunch Special

Shrimp Lorenzo
Shrimp sauteed in a garlic marsala sauce with roasted red peppers, brocolli and proscuitto tossed with penne 15, TONIGHT’S SPECIALS 

BIRRA                                        
Fisherman’s Brew 
American Amber Lager/Cape Ann 6

VINO
Tapena
Tempranillo/Spain 7/28 

ZUPPA DEL GIORNO
Italian Wedding 3/5     Beef Vegetable 3/5

ENTREES
Frutti Di Mare
Fresh wild scrod, sea scallops, shrimp, calamari and baby clams simmered with fresh herbs in a spicy pomodoro sauce, served over linguini 25

Steak Tip Diane
Tender beef tips, pan seared with mushrooms and roasted red peppers, prepared in a brandy cream sauce, with a touch of whole grain Dijon mustard, accompanied with green beans and mashed baby red bliss potatoes 21

DESSERT
Lemon Cream Torte
Topped with meringue flambé  6

GELATO DEL GIORNO              SORBETTO DEL GIORNO
Tiramisu 2                                                Pomegranate 2, TONIGHT’S SPECIALS 

BIRRA                                        
Fisherman’s Brew 6

VINO
Tapena
Tempranillo/Spain 7/28 

ZUPPA DEL GIORNO
Italian Wedding 3/5     Lentil Soup 3/5

ENTREES
Scrod Fra Diavlo
Fresh scrod, sautéed with shrimp, mussels and capers in a spicy marinara sauce, served over a bed of linguini 22

Steak Tips Au Poivre
Tender beef tips rubbed with black pepper, pan-seared and finished in a brandy-cream sauce with mushrooms and shallots, served with mashed potatoes and asparagus 20

DESSERT
Chocolate Layer Cake
Garnished with raspberry sauce and fresh whipped cream 6

GELATO DEL GIORNO              SORBETTO DEL GIORNO
Tiramisu 2                             Pomegranate 2, TONIGHT’S SPECIALS 

BIRRA                                        
Fisherman’s Brew
American Amber Lager/Cape Ann Brewing Co, Glouchester, Ma  6

VINO
Piesporter Michelsberg 
Riesling Kabinet Mosel/Germany 6/24 

ZUPPA DEL GIORNO
Italian Wedding 3/5     Corn Chowder 3/5

APPETIZER
Shrimp Bisque 
With fresh dutch style mussels 10

ENTREES 
Pesce Oregonata
Fresh lobster meat, shrimp, salmon and mussels sautéed with garlic, fresh oregano, tomatoes and broccoli florets, tossed with penne pasta and baked with mozzarella cheese 27

Filet Mignon
8 oz. center cut beef tenderloin pan-seared and topped with goat cheese and balsamic glaze, served with mashed potatoes and asparagus 25

DESSERT
Lemonade Cake
With lemon curd and raspberry sauce 6

 GELATO DEL GIORNO              SORBETTO DEL GIORNO
 Tiramisu 2                             Pomegranate 2, Todays Lunch Special: Fried Flounder Fra Diavolo 15

Zuppa: Shrimp Bisque 3/5, TONIGHT’S SPECIALS 

BIRRA                                       
 Fisherman’s Brew
American Amber Lager/Cape Ann Brewing Co, Glouchester, Ma  6

VINO
Caposaldo 
Pinot Grigio/Italy 7/28 

ZUPPA DEL GIORNO
Italian Wedding 3/5     Chicken & Rice 3/5

ENTREES 
Misto Di Carne
 Pork tenderloin, chicken and hot sausage all simmered in a sweet port wine reduction with fresh vegetables, served with mashed potatoes and asparagus 22

Lobster Ravioli
Lobster and ricotta filled ravioli sautéed with fresh shrimp in a spicy garlic wine reduction with tomatoes and onions, tossed with romano cheese 20

DESSERT
Chocolate Fondant Cake 6
Rich chocolate layer cake 

GELATO DEL GIORNO
Tiramisu 2

SORBETTO DEL GIORNO
Raspberry 2, Todays Lunch Special

Chicken Mona Lisa
Sauteed chicken in a lemon wine sauce with asparagas, roasted red pepper and artichokes tossed with linguini 12, TONIGHT’S SPECIALS 

BIRRA                                        
Fisherman’s Brew
American Amber Lager/Cape Ann Brewing Co, Glouchester, Ma  6

VINO
Caposaldo 
Pinot Grigio/Italy 7/28 

ZUPPA DEL GIORNO
Italian Wedding 3/5      Corn Chowder 3/5

ENTREES 
Tropical Shrimp & Chicken
 Shrimp & boneless strips of chicken breast sautéed with fresh diced pineapples, chopped tomatoes and baby spinach in a garlic wine reduction, tossed with risotto and served in a fresh pineapple bowl 22

Pork Tenderloin
Medallions of pork tenderloin, pan seared with mushrooms and roasted red peppers in a marsala reduction with a touch of whole grain Dijon mustard, severed with mashed potatoes and asparagus 20

DESSERT
Chocolate Fondant Cake 6
Rich chocolate layer cake 

GELATO DEL GIORNO
Tiramisu 2

SORBETTO DEL GIORNO
Raspberry 2, TONIGHT’S SPECIALS 

COCKTAIL                                        
Italian Sunset
Grey goose L’orange, limoncello, campari and oj  9

VINO
Caposaldo 
Pinot Grigio/Italy 7/28 

ZUPPA DEL GIORNO
Italian Wedding 3/5      Corn Chowder 3/5

ENTREES 
Tropical Shrimp & Chicken
 Shrimp & boneless strips of chicken breast sautéed with fresh diced pineapples, grape tomatoes and baby spinach in a garlic wine reduction, tossed with risotto and served in an actual pineapple bowl 23

Pork Tenderloin
Medallions of pork tenderloin, pan seared with mushrooms and roasted red peppers in a marsala reduction with a touch of whole grain Dijon mustard, severed with mashed potatoes and asparagus 21

DESSERT
Chocolate Fondant Cake 7
Rich chocolate layer cake 

GELATO DEL GIORNO
Tiramisu 2

SORBETTO DEL GIORNO
Raspberry 2, Italian Sunset, TONIGHT’S SPECIALS 

COCKTAIL                                        
Italian Sunset
Grey goose L’orange, limoncello, campari and oj  9

VINO
Caposaldo 
Pinot Grigio/Italy 7/28 

ZUPPA DEL GIORNO
Italian Wedding 3/5      Chicken and Rice 4/6

APPETIZER
Salmon Cakes
Pan-seared and topped with a creamy horseradish and dill sauce 8

ENTREES 
Pesce Ala Vodka
Fresh mussels, shrimp, scallops and calamari simmered in a spicy vodka-marinara sauce with chopped asparagus, a touch of cream and romano cheese, served over a bed of linguini 24

Pork Madeira
Pork tenderloin medallions pan seared with onions and peas in a creamy madeira wine sauce severed with mashed potato and asparagus 20

DESSERT
Chocolate Fondant Cake
Rich chocolate layer cake 7

GELATO DEL GIORNO
Tiramisu 2

SORBETTO DEL GIORNO
Raspberry 2, Todays Lunch Special

Seafood fra Diavolo
Mussels, Shrimp, Striped Bass and Swordfish tossed in a Spicy Marinara Sauce over Linguini 15

Zuppa del Giorno
Chicken Rice and Vegetable

Enjoy the Sunshine, TONIGHT’S SPECIALS 

BIRRA                                         
Bear Republic Racer
India Pale Ale 6

VINO
Cecchi 
Chianti/Italy 7/28 

ZUPPA DEL GIORNO
Italian Wedding 3/5      Fish Chowder 4/6

ENTREES 
Pesce Bianca
Fresh lobster, bay scallops, mussels and shrimp sautéed with onions and tomatoes in a garlic-wine reduction, tossed with penne pasta and romano cheese 27

Veal Osso Bucco
Tender veal shank braised for hours in a port wine and tomato-veal stock with fresh vegetables, served over a bed of barley and mushroom pilaf 26

Striped Bass
Fresh wild striped bass filet pan-seared and finished in a lemon-wine reduction with tomatoes and capers served with rice pilaf and asparagus 22

DESSERT
Chocolate Lava Cake
Served warm with a scoop of vanilla gelato 7

GELATO DEL GIORNO
Cookies & Cream 2, Todays Lunch Special

Fish and Chips

Zuppa del Giorno
Fish Chowder, TONIGHT’S SPECIALS 

BIRRA                                         
Bear Republic Racer
India Pale Ale 6

VINO
Cecchi 
Chianti/Italy 7/28 

ZUPPA DEL GIORNO
Italian Wedding 3/5      Beef & Vegetable 3/5

ENTREES 
Chicken & Sausage Pizziaola
Tender strips of boneless chicken breast and a blend of hot Italian and chorizo sausage simmered in a plump tomato-basil sauce with peppers and onions tossed with penne pasta and baked with mozzarella cheese 18

Seafood Genovese
Fresh shrimp, scallops and salmon simmered in a pesto-cream sauce with asparagus and tomatoes, tossed with linguini and romano cheese 23

DESSERT
Chocolate Lava Cake
Served warm with a scoop of vanilla gelato 7

GELATO DEL GIORNO
Cookies & Cream 2, Todays Lunch Special

Chicken and Shrimp Ala Vodka
Sauteed chicken with shrimp, shallots and asparagas flambeed with vodka, marinara, and a touch of cream tossed with linguini 15

Zuppa del Giorno
Beef and Vegetable, TONIGHT’S SPECIALS

 BIRRA                                         
Bear Republic Racer
India Pale Ale 6
 
VINO
Jargon
Pinot Noir/California 7/28

ZUPPA DEL GIORNO
Italian Wedding 3/5      Beef & Vegetable 3/5
 
ENTREES
Scrod Fra Diavlo
Fresh scrod filet breaded and flash-fried, topped with a spicy marinara and served with risotto and steamed asparagus 17
 
Chicken & Chorizo Madeira
Tender strips of boneless chicken breast and spicy Spanish chorizo sausage simmered in a sweet Madeira-cream sauce with roasted red peppers, onions and sweet peas,
tossed with penne pasta 18
 
DESSERT
Lemon Raspberry Layer Cake 5
 
GELATO DEL GIORNO
Cookies & Cream 2, TONIGHT’S SPECIALS
BIRRA                                         
Bear Republic Racer
India Pale Ale 6

VINO
Jargon
Pinot Noir/California 7/28

ZUPPA DEL GIORNO
Italian Wedding 3/5      Beef & Vegetable 3/5

ENTREES 
Beef Bourguignon
Tender beef tips simmered with pearl onions, carrots and porcini mushrooms in a burgundy-beef stock reduction, served over a bed of fresh fettuccini pasta 21

Frutti Di Mare
Wild scrod, shrimp, calamari and baby clam, simmered in a spicy pomodoro sauce, served over linguini 25

DESSERT
Lemon Raspberry Layer Cake 5

GELATO DEL GIORNO
Cookies & Cream 2, null, TONIGHT’S SPECIALS 

BIRRA                                         
Bear Republic Racer
India Pale Ale 6

VINO
Jargon
Pinot Noir/California 7/28
  
ZUPPA DEL GIORNO
Italian Wedding 3/5      Beef & Vegetable 3/5

ENTREES 
Steak Tips Marsala
Tender beef tips, pan seared with mushrooms in a marsala wine sauce, served with mashed potatoes and asparagus 20

Pollo Carbonara
Tender strips of boneless chicken breast prepared with sweet peas and pancetta in a cream sauce tossed with penne 18

DESSERT
Lemon Raspberry Layer Cake 5

GELATO DEL GIORNO
Pina Colada 2, TONIGHT’S SPECIALS 

COCKTAIL                                         
Raspberry Rocky Margarita
Jose Cuervo, Triple Sec, lime juice and a splash of Chambord 9

VINO
Davis Bynum
Pinot Noir/California 10/40
  
ZUPPA DEL GIORNO
Italian Wedding 3/5      New England Clam Chowder 4/6

ENTREES 
Seafood Cioppino
Fresh Dutch style mussels, lobster meat, shrimp and calamari, simmered in a spicy pomodoro sauce with a blend of fresh herbs, served over linguini 25

Seared Rib Eye
Tender 12 oz. prime rib eye rubbed in fresh garlic and seared to your liking, topped with a delicious demi-glace and served with parmesan-herb roasted potatoes and asparagus 21

DESSERT
Chocolate Bread Pudding Ala Mode
Made with chocolate croissant and cinnamon-raisin bread 5

GELATO DEL GIORNO
Hazelnut Stracciatella 2, Todays Lunch Special

 Fish & Chips
 
Fresh haddock flash fried and served with crisp french fries, fresh cole slaw and tartar sauce $12
 
Also
 New England Clam Chowder, TONIGHT’S SPECIALS

COCKTAIL                                         Raspberry Rocky Margarita
Jose Cuervo, Triple Sec, lime juice and a splash of Chambord 9
 
 VINO
Davis Bynum
Pinot Noir/California 10/40
 
ZUPPA DEL GIORNO
Italian Wedding 3/5      Creamy Potato Au Gratin 3/5
 
ENTREES
Pesce Genovese
Fresh scrod, swordfish and shrimp simmered in a pesto-cream sauce with tomatoes, asparagus and artichoke hearts, tossed with penne pasta and romano cheese 22
 
Misto Di Carne
Tender beef tips, chorizo sausage and chicken breast strips  all simmered in a sweet madeira wine reduction with sweet peas and onions, served with
mashed potatoes and steamed broccoli 21
 
DESSERT
Lemon Raspberry Cake
Lemon sponge cake topped with a raspberry glaze 5
 
GELATO DEL GIORNO
Hazelnut Stracciatella 2, TONIGHT’S SPECIALS

 COCKTAIL                                         Raspberry Rocky Margarita
Jose Cuervo, Triple Sec, lime juice and a splash of Chambord 9
  
VINO
Davis Bynum
Pinot Noir/California 10/40
 
ZUPPA DEL GIORNO
Italian Wedding 3/5      Creamy Potato Au Gratin 3/5
 
ENTREES
Lobster Ravioli
Raviolis filled with lobster and ricotta sautéed with fresh Dutch style mussels, tomatoes and onions in a spicy garlic-wine reduction, tossed with romano cheese 19
 
Steak Tip Au Poivre
Tender beef tips rubbed in black pepper pan seared and finished in a brandy-cream sauce with mushrooms and shallots, served with mashed potatoes and asparagus 21
 
DESSERT
Lemon Raspberry Cake
Lemon sponge cake topped with a raspberry glaze 5
 
GELATO DEL GIORNO
White Chocolate w/ Cranberry 2, TONIGHT’S SPECIALS 

COCKTAIL                                         
Creamsicle Martini
Stoli Vanilla, Grey Goose L’Orange, Triple Sec, Cream, Topped with a Splash of Orange Juice 9

VINO
Davis Bynum
Pinot Noir/California 10/40
  
ZUPPA DEL GIORNO
Italian Wedding 3/5      Vegetarian Minestrone 3/5

ENTREES 
Seafood Amatriciana
Fresh Dutch style mussels, shrimp and calamari, simmered with pancetta and shaved shallots in a spicy marinara sauce, served over linguini 24

Steak Tip Diane
Tender beef tips, pan seared with onions and mushrooms, prepared in a creamy brandy sauce with a hint of whole grain Dijon mustard, accompanied with roasted parmesan-herb potatoes and peas 22

DESSERT
Lemon Raspberry Cake 
Lemon sponge cake topped with a raspberry glaze 6

GELATO DEL GIORNO
White Chocolate w/ Cranberry 2, Todays Lunch Special: Fish and Chips, TONIGHT’S SPECIALS 

COCKTAIL                                         
Creamsicle Martini
Stoli Vanilla, Grey Goose L’Orange, Triple Sec, Cream, Topped with a Splash of Orange Juice 9

VINO
Davis Bynum
Pinot Noir/California 10/40
  
ZUPPA DEL GIORNO
Italian Wedding 3/5      Vegetarian Minestrone 3/5

ENTREES 
Pesce  Florentine
Fresh scrod, scallops and shrimp, prepared with diced tomatoes and spinach in a garlic white-wine sauce, tossed with tri-color cheese tortellini 24

Steak Tip Pizzaiola
Tender beef tips, pan seared with onions and peppers, prepared in a tomato-basil sauce, tossed with penne and baked with mozzarella cheese 20

DESSERT
Lemon Raspberry Cake 
Lemon sponge cake topped with a raspberry glaze 6

GELATO DEL GIORNO
White Chocolate w/ Cranberry 2, Todays Lunch Special: Seafood Ala Vodka
Tilapia, Calamari, Shrimp and Asparagas tossed in a spicy vodka marinara sauce over linguini, TONIGHT’S SPECIALS 

COCKTAIL                                         
Dreamsicle Martini
Stoli Vanilla, Grey Goose L’Orange, Triple Sec, Topped with a splash of oj 9

VINO
Davis Bynum
Pinot Noir/California 10/40
  
ZUPPA DEL GIORNO
Italian Wedding 3/5      Vegetarian Minestrone 3/5

APPETIZER
Mussels Fra Diavlo
Fresh dutch style mussels simmered in a spicy marinara sauce 9 

ENTREES 
Pesce Ala Vodka
Fresh lobster, tilapia, mussels and calamari simmered in a spicy vodka-marinara sauce with chopped asparagus, a touch of cream and romano cheese 25

Pork Osso Bucco
Tender pork shank braised for hours in a sweet port wine reduction with pearl onions, carrots and celery, served with mashed potatoes and steamed broccoli 22

DESSERT
Dream Bomba 
Peanut butter gelato with a caramel center and a chocolate shell 6

GELATO DEL GIORNO
White Chocolate w/ Cranberry 2, First Red Sox excitement of the season! Red Sox vs BC at 7:05. Come watch with us!, TONIGHT’S SPECIALS

BIRRA 
Wachusett Blueberry 6

COCKTAIL
Dreamsicle Martini
Stoli Vanilla, Grey Goose L'Orange, Triple Sec, and topped with a splash of oj 9

VINO
Davis Bynum Pinot Noir/California 10/40

ZUPPA DEL GIORNO
Italian Wedding 3/5
Vegetarian Minestrone 3/5

ENTREES
Pesce Oregonata
Fresh lobster, shrimp, tilapia and calamari sautéed with fresh oregano in a garlic-wine reduction with fresh broccoli florets and tomatoes, tossed with penne pasta and romano cheese 26

Pork Osso Bucco
Tender pork shank braised for hours in a sweet port wine reduction with pearl onions, carrots and celery, served with mashed potatoes and green beans 23

Striped Bass
Fresh wild Maryland striped bass filet pan-seared and topped with a light lemon-wine reduction with cannellini beans, tomatoes and capers, served with risotto and asparagus 22

DESSERT
Dream Bomba:
Peanut butter gelato with a caramel center and a chocolate shell 6

GELATO DEL GIORNO
White Chocolate with Cranberry 2, TONIGHT’S SPECIALS

 BIRRA                                        
 Wachusett Blueberry 6
 
VINO
Davis Bynum Pinot Noir/California 10/40
 
ZUPPA DEL GIORNO
Italian Wedding 3/5
Vegetarian Minestrone 3/5
 
ENTREES
Pesce Oregonata
Fresh lobster, shrimp, tilapia and calamari sautéed with fresh oregano in a garlic-wine reduction with fresh broccoli florets and tomatoes, tossed with penne pasta and romano cheese  26
 
Pork Osso Bucco
Tender pork shank braised for hours in a sweet port wine reduction with pearl onions, carrots and celery, served with mashed potatoes and green beans 23
 
Striped Bass
Fresh wild Maryland striped bass filet pan-seared and topped with a light lemon-wine reduction with cannellini beans, tomatoes and capers, served with risotto and asparagus 22
 
DESSERT
Dream Bomba:
Peanut butter gelato with a caramel center and a chocolate shell 6
 
GELATO DEL GIORNO
Mint Stracciatella 2
(Mint gelato with chocolate shavings), Make sure to check in each day for our lunch and dinner specials and any other promotions or upcoming events, The "Sealed Surprises" are pouring in & we've had many exciting wins so far., Fiorella's will be open on Saturday, December 24th from 11 to 5 for catering pick ups only.  Our dining rooms will be closed Saturday (12/24), Sunday (12/25) and Monday (12/26) lunch.  We will reopen Monday evening at 4pm.  We wish you and yours a very happy holiday season!, Happy Holidays from Fiorella's ~ Please enjoy this special offer just for our valued customers, a free $20 gift card for every $100 gift card purchased.  This offer is redeemable at all of our locations and expires on Wednesday, December 14th., It's time again for Fiorella's Sealed Surprise Envelopes!  Starting tonight and for the entire month of December, every person that dines in our restaurant will receive a sealed envelope with a special prize inside.  Bring it in when you dine in January and our servers will open your envelope to reveal your prize!, We will be closed on Thursday, November 24th for the holiday.  Happy Thanksgiving to you and yours from all of us here at Fiorella's., How do you end a perfect fall day?  At Fiorella's, of course!  Tonight's specials are Beef Bourguignon and Pesce Oreganata., Feeling a bit peckish?  Come join us for lunch today.  Full lunch menu also served at our 11 seat bar.  See you soon!, Chef just posted our specials... you don't want to miss these!   Lobster Pie, Pork Osso Bucco, and Halibut.  Yummm!, Warm yourself up with our scrumptious, hot specials tonight.  Filet Mignon and Lobster Ala Vodka., World Series - Game 7 tonight ... Come down and enjoy a hot, delicious meal in front of our flat screen TV.  See you soon!, Did you know that Fiorella's can host your holiday party?  Call Mary or Donna today to book your event.  617-969-9990, Watch Remon and learn how to make the perfect pizza., Tonight's featured specials are Panko Encrusted Chicken with a Balsamic Demi Glaze and Fussili with Vegetable Bolognese.  We hope to see you soon!, Scientists have created a formula to measure how many bubbles there are in a standard 750ml bottle of Champagne.  Can you guess how many bubbles?, Which of these expressions describes the Italian habit of cleaning your plate with a piece of bread?

1) fare la passeggiata
2) fare paura
3) fare la scarpetta
4) fare colpo, This weekend we are featuring a Lamb Osso Bucco - Tender lamb shank braised in a red wine and tomato lamb stock with a blend of fresh vegetables served over a bed of risotto.  This dish pairs especially well with our Seghesio Home Ranch Zinfandel., Tonight's two delectable specials are Chicken & Wild Mushroom Ravioli and Steak Diane.  Come and join us!, Our chef just posted tonight's two mouthwatering specials... Lobster Ravioli and Chicken & Chorizo Madeira.  Make sure you bring your appetites!, Here's a trivia question for you... How many grapes does it take to make your average bottle of wine? 

Give us your answer then come down and try our featured wine for this week... Rutherford Ranch Merlot from Napa Valley.  A deep purple color with bright fruit aromas blueberry and blackberry layered with notes of vanilla, anise and nutmeg. Flavors of Bing cherry, vanilla and nutmeg from oak aging. The wine has soft tannins, rich texture and a long finish and is very food friendly., Our featured wine for this weekend is Errazuriz Cabernet Sauvignon from Chile.  Deep red in color with good concentration, this wine maintains a nice balance between its fresh fruit and notes from oak aging. Tart and sweet cherries as well as blackcurrant subtly intermingle with toasted notes lead to a well-balanced palate. Medium-bodied, with firm tannins, and good grip; juicy on the palate with bright acidity., Did you know that Fiorella's has a flat screen TV at our newly extended bar?  Now you can enjoy the taste of Fiorella's while watching the game.  Red Sox vs. Orioles tonight at 7pm., For our specials this weekend, we are featuring Lobster Bianca - Fresh lobster and p.e.i. mussels sauteed in a garlic-wine reduction with onions and tomatoes tossed with linguini!

Steak Au Poivre - Tender 10 oz. coulette steak rubbed in black pepper and pan-seared, finished in a brandy cream sauce with mushrooms and shallots!, For our specials this weekend, we are featuring Lobster Bianca - Fresh lobster and p.e.i. mussels sauteed in a garlic-wine reduction with onions and tomatoes tossed with linguini!

Steak Au Poivre - Tender 10 oz. coulette steak rubbed in black pepper and pan-seared, finished in a brandy cream sauce with mushrooms and shallots!, For our specials this weekend, we are featuring Lobster Bianca - Fresh lobster and p.e.i. mussels sauteed in a garlic-wine reduction with onions and tomatoes tossed with linguini!
 
Steak Au Poivre - Tender 10 oz. coulette steak rubbed in black pepper and pan-seared, finished in a brandy cream sauce with mushrooms and shallots!, We are featuring Red Snapper for a dinner special this evening!, For our dinner specials, we are featuring Lamb Osso Bucco and Pesce Cioppino., For our dinner specials this weekend, we are featuring Lamb Osso Bucco and Pesce Cioppino. We hope to see you soon., We just wanted to take a minute to thank you for being part of our online community. We certainly appreciate it and realize that you make our fan page what it is., We hope everyone is having a safe and relaxing Labor Day!, For your convenience, Fiorella’s offers an optional complimentary valet service. We invite you to try it out., Both Fiorella's EXPRESS only locations will be open at 4:00pm. This is for the express locations. Please feel free to call in your order. Thank you, PLEASE NOTE: Due to Hurricane Irene, Fiorella's will be closed on Sunday. Please have a safe day., For our dinner specials this weekend, we are featuring Lobster Pie and succulent Veal Chops. We hope to see you soon., For your convenience, Fiorella’s offers an optional complimentary valet service. We invite you to try it out., We just finished installing sound boards in the new space which have made a huge improvement to the noise level in the new addition. Over the next few weeks we will be adding finishing touches to the restaurant which will improve the sound further as well as enhance your dining experience. We look forward to seeing you soon!, For your convenience, Fiorella’s offers an optional complimentary valet service. We invite you to try it out., We've expanded our hours. Please follow the link or click on the "Info" tab to the left. Thank you., Some pictures of our new addition., We just finished installing sound boards in the new space which have made a huge improvement to the noise level in the new addition. Over the next few weeks we will be adding finishing touches to the restaurant which will improve the sound further as well as enhance your dining experience. We look forward to seeing you soon!, For your convenience, Fiorella’s offers an optional complimentary valet service. We invite you to try it out., Thank you so much for all the love, support & kind words regarding our expansion. We truly appreciate all the positive feedback., Our "Weekly Specials" tab has returned. For this weekend's specials, please follow the link or click on the tab to the left. Thank you., Dear Valued Patrons,

I am thrilled to announce that Fiorella's expansion is complete and we are now officially open!

Salute!

Remon, I am thrilled to announce that we are finally close to the finish line. The new space is amazing both aesthetically and functionally and I can’t wait for you all to see it!

I look forward to seeing you all again. I am truly truly grateful for your patience, loyalty, understanding and support.

Thank you.

Remon Karian
Owner & President, I am thrilled to announce that we are finally close to the finish line. The new space is amazing both aesthetically and functionally and I can’t wait for you all to see it!

I look forward to seeing you all again. I am truly truly grateful for your patience, loyalty, understanding and support.

Thank you.

Remon Karian
Owner & President, I am thrilled to announce that we are finally close to the finish line. The new space is amazing both aesthetically and functionally and I can’t wait for you all to see it!

I look forward to seeing you all again. I am truly truly grateful for your patience, loyalty, understanding and support.

Thank you.

Remon Karian
Owner & President, We want to be the best on the Boston.com A-List! Vote for us now, before it's too late: http://ctvr.us/fiorellas, We certainly miss seeing all of you can't wait to see everyone again! Thank you again for your support during our expansion. We’re confident that you'll agree it was worth the wait!, Have a safe and happy 4th of July!, We look forward to enjoying our new space with you soon! In the meantime please visit and enjoy our Fiorella's Express locations – Fiorella's Express Belmont *our brand new location – just opened! 263 Belmont Street, Belmont MA 02478 617.489.1361 Fiorella's Express Brighton 2 Tremont Street, Brighton MA 02135 617.783.0999 fiorellasexpress.com Salute!, We certainly miss seeing all of you can't wait to see everyone again! Thank you again for your support during our expansion. We’re confident that you'll agree it was worth the wait!, The construction is really coming alone very nicely and we know you will be very pleased when you see it., We really do appreciate your patience during our construction. We anticipate opening on June 27th., We look forward to enjoying our new space with you soon! In the meantime please visit and enjoy our Fiorella's Express locations –

Fiorella's Express Belmont 
*our brand new location – just opened!
263 Belmont Street, Belmont MA 02478
617.489.1361

Fiorella's Express Brighton
2 Tremont Street, Brighton MA 02135
617.783.0999

fiorellasexpress.com

Salute!, We have been under construction for months and we are very pleased to announce that our renovations are almost complete! We are tentatively reopening on Monday the 13th, a little later than expected. We will keep you updated as much as possible and as always, we thank you very much for your patronage, patience and understanding.

Salute!, Thank you again for your patronage, patience and understanding during our renovations.  For anyone having a birthday in May or June, we will honor an extension so that we can celebrate your birthday together!, We look forward to enjoying our new space with you soon! In the meantime please visit and enjoy our Fiorella's Express locations –

Fiorella's Express Belmont 
*our brand new location – just opened!
263 Belmont Street, Belmont MA 02478
617.489.1361

Fiorella's Express Brighton
2 Tremont Street, Brighton MA 02135
617.783.0999

fiorellasexpress.com

Salute!, We have been under construction for months and we are very pleased to announce that our renovations are almost complete! We are tentatively reopening on Monday the 13th, a little later than expected. We will keep you updated as much as possible and as always, we thank you very much for your patronage, patience and understanding.

Salute!, Fiorella's is expanding and will be closed for renovations from Monday May 23rd – Monday June 6th.

We have been under construction for months and we are very pleased to announce that our renovations are almost complete! A major part of the expansion will be taking place soon and as a result we will be closed for two weeks. We thank you very much for your patronage, patience and understanding.

Salute!, We look forward to enjoying our new space with you soon! In the meantime please visit and enjoy our Fiorella's Express locations –

Fiorella's Express Belmont 
*our brand new location – just opened!
263 Belmont Street, Belmont MA 02478
617.489.1361

Fiorella's Express Brighton
2 Tremont Street, Brighton MA 02135
617.783.0999

fiorellasexpress.com

Salute!, We look forward to enjoying our new space with you soon! In the meantime please visit and enjoy our Fiorella's Express locations –

Fiorella's Express Belmont 
*our brand new location – just opened!
263 Belmont Street, Belmont MA 02478
617.489.1361

Fiorella's Express Brighton
2 Tremont Street, Brighton MA 02135
617.783.0999

fiorellasexpress.com

Salute!, Fiorella's is expanding and will be closed for renovations from Monday May 23rd – Monday June 6th.

We have been under construction for months and we are very pleased to announce that our renovations are almost complete! A major part of the expansion will be taking place soon and as a result we will be closed for two weeks. We thank you very much for your patronage, patience and understanding.

Salute!, We look forward to enjoying our new space with you soon! In the meantime please visit and enjoy our Fiorella's Express locations –

Fiorella's Express Belmont 
*our brand new location – just opened!
263 Belmont Street, Belmont MA 02478
617.489.1361

Fiorella's Express Brighton
2 Tremont Street, Brighton MA 02135
617.783.0999

fiorellasexpress.com

Salute!, Fiorella's is expanding and will be closed for renovations from Monday May 23rd – Monday June 6th.

We have been under construction for months and we are very pleased to announce that our renovations are almost complete! A major part of the expansion will be taking place soon and as a result we will be closed for two weeks. We thank you very much for your patronage, patience and understanding.

Salute!, Our offerings for this weekend include Pesce Oregonata, Steak Au Poivre and Encrusted Mahi Mahi. We look forward to seeing you., We wish everyone out there a Happy Mother's Day!, Our offerings for this Mother's Day weekend include Beef Braciole, Encrusted Halibut and Lobster Pie. We look forward to seeing you., Thank you, Stefan. We really appreciate it. - http://www.facebook.com/fiorellasnewton/posts/10150166556823528, The hanger steak last night was amazing! - http://www.facebook.com/fiorellasnewton/posts/10150166556823528, Our offerings for this weekend include New England Clam Chowder and for an appetizer, Seafood Cannelloni. Our entrées include Albacore Tuna Loinentrée, Pan-Seared Hanger Steak and Pesce Fra Diavlo.  We look forward to seeing you., For an incredible Chicken Broccoli Alfredo, click on the following link.  Once you've watched it, come to Fiorella's and enjoy.  http://web1.how2heroes.com/videos/entrees/chicken-broccoli-alfredo, Please view the following link for some great information and what others say about our restaurant.  Thank you.  http://maps.google.com/maps/place?um=1&ie=UTF-8&q=fiorella's+newton&fb=1&gl=us&hq=fiorella's+newton&cid=1841835148965354119&dtab=2&ei=52aqTaGmKseztweJwPjdBw&sa=X&oi=local_result&ct=result&resnum=2&ved=0CCcQqgUwAQ, Please view the link to find out why The Phantom Gourmet calls Fiorella's "the ultimate neighborhood Italian restaurant.", Check out our Executive Chef, Earl Quinn., Our entrée offerings for this weekend are Pesce Paella and Lamb Osso Bucco.  We look forward to seeing you., Our Chef's specials for the upcoming weekend are Stuffed Peppers as an appetizer. Our entrée offerings are Lobster Oregonata, Stuffed Veal Chop and Yellow-fin Tuna. We look forward to seeing you., Our Chef's specials for the upcoming weekend are Stuffed Peppers as an appetizer. Our entrée offerings are Lobster Oregonata, Stuffed Veal Chop and Yellow-fin Tuna. We look forward to seeing you., Our Chef's specials for the upcoming weekend are Stuffed Peppers as an appetizer. Our entrée offerings are Lobster Oregonata, Stuffed Veal Chop and Yellow-fin Tuna. We look forward to seeing you., Our Chef's specials for the upcoming weekend are Stuffed Peppers as an appetizer. Our entrée offerings are Lobster Oregonata, Stuffed Veal Chop and Yellow-fin Tuna. We look forward to seeing you., Our Chef's specials for the upcoming weekend are Stuffed Peppers as an appetizer. Our entrée offerings are Lobster Oregonata, Stuffed Veal Chop and Yellow-fin Tuna. We look forward to seeing you., Fiorella's is proud to be a part of the Phantom Gourmet gift card program. For more information, please follow the link. http://www.phantomgourmetcard.com/
, Our hearts go out to the people of Japan in this, their hour of need. If you wish to help out, we recommend the Red Cross as the most reliable way to do so. http://rdcrss.org/i74Bnf, Our Chef's specials for the upcoming weekend are Crab & Spinach Polenta as an appetizer. Our entrée offerings are Braised Lamb Shank, Pesce Oregonata and Red Grouper Filet. We look forward to seeing you., Our Chef's specials for the upcoming weekend are Crab & Spinach Polenta as an appetizer. Our entrée offerings are Braised Lamb Shank, Pesce Oregonata and Red Grouper Filet. We look forward to seeing you., Our Chef's specials for the upcoming weekend are Crab & Spinach Polenta as an appetizer. Our entrée offerings are Braised Lamb Shank, Pesce Oregonata and Red Grouper Filet. We look forward to seeing you., Our Chef's specials for the upcoming weekend are Crab & Spinach Polenta as an appetizer.  Our entrée offerings are Braised Lamb Shank, Pesce Oregonata and Red Grouper Filet. We look forward to seeing you., Our Chef's specials for the upcoming weekend are Encrusted Barramundi, Baked Lobster Pie and Sirloin Steak Au Poivre. We look forward to seeing you., Our Chef's specials for the upcoming weekend are Encrusted Barramundi, Baked Lobster Pie and Sirloin Steak Au Poivre. We look forward to seeing you., Our Chef's specials for the upcoming weekend are Encrusted Barramundi, Baked Lobster Pie and Sirloin Steak Au Poivre. We look forward to seeing you., Our Chef's specials for the upcoming weekend are Encrusted Barramundi, Baked Lobster Pie and Sirloin Steak Au Poivre. We look forward to seeing you., Our Chef's specials for the upcoming weekend are Encrusted Barramundi, Baked Lobster Pie and Sirloin Steak Au Poivre. We look forward to seeing you., Having a birthday? Come celebrate with us!, Our Chef's specials for the upcoming weekend are Pesce Florentine and Mediterranean Style Lamb Chops. Our appetizer this weekend is Stuffed Bell Peppers. For a complete description, please visit our page at http://www.facebook.com/fiorellasnewton and click on the "Weekly Specials" link., Our Chef's specials for the upcoming weekend are Pesce Paella and Filet Mignon. For a complete description, please visit our page at http://www.facebook.com/fiorellasnewton and click on the "Weekly Specials" link., Please be careful driving this week., We hope to see you this weekend., Don't forget to bring in your secret surprise envelope during the month of January to see what you've won. We've already had several Gift Card winners and given away several entrées, appetizers and desserts.  Remember, everyone's a winner but the envelope must be opened by a member of our staff.  We'll see you soon!, Don't forget to bring in your secret surprise envelope during the month of January to see what you've won. We've already had several Gift Card winners and given away several entrées, appetizers and desserts.  Remember, everyone's a winner but the envelope must be opened by a member of our staff.  We'll see you soon!, Please note that we will be closed on Sunday Jan. 30th for our employee holiday party. We will reopen on Monday for regular business hours. Thank you., The construction for our expansion has begun. We understand that parking may be a little tricky and do apologize for the temporary inconvenience. We expect that our parking lot will be back to normal sometime next week. Thank you for your patience., Don't forget to bring in your secret surprise envelope during the month of January to see what you've won. We've already had several Gift Card winners and given away several entrées, appetizers and desserts.  Remember, everyone's a winner but the envelope must be opened by a member of our staff.  We'll see you soon!, Don't forget to bring in your secret surprise envelope during the month of January to see what you've won. We've already had several Gift Card winners and given away several entrées, appetizers and desserts.  Remember, everyone's a winner but the envelope must be opened by a member of our staff.  We'll see you soon!, Don't forget to bring in your secret surprise envelope during the month of January to see what you've won. We've already had several Gift Card winners and given away several entrées, appetizers and desserts.  Remember, everyone's a winner but the envelope must be opened by a member of our staff.  We'll see you soon!, For our specials this weekend, our featured appetizer is Stuffed Bell Peppers. Our entrée specials include Lobster Fra Diavlo and Roast Pork Loin. For more detailed information on these items, please click on the following link. http://www.facebook.com/fiorellasnewton?sk=app_10339498918. Please note that we will be closed on Sunday Jan. 30th for our employee holiday party., Don't forget to bring in your secret surprise envelope during the month of January to see what you've won. We've already had several Gift Card winners and given away several entrées, appetizers and desserts.  Remember, everyone's a winner but the envelope must be opened by a member of our staff.  We'll see you soon!, Fiorella's is proud to be a part of the Phantom Gourmet gift card program.  For more information, please follow the link. http://www.phantomgourmetcard.com/, Don't forget to bring in your secret surprise envelope during the month of January to see what you've won. We've already had several Gift Card winners and given away several entrées, appetizers and desserts.  Remember, everyone's a winner but the envelope must be opened by a member of our staff.  We'll see you soon!, Valentine's Day is just around the corner! Where will you take your sweetie?, Do you have a Secret Surprise envelope from Fiorella's?  Well if you do, don't forget to bring it in during the month of January to see what you've won! We've already had a Gift Card winners ranging from $5 to $100 and given away several entrées, appetizers and desserts! What have you won? Remember, everyone's a winner but the envelope must be opened by a member of our staff.  We'll see you soon!, Do you have a Secret Surprise envelope from Fiorella's?  Well if you do, don't forget to bring it in during the month of January to see what you've won! We've already had a Gift Card winners ranging from $5 to $100 and given away several entrées, appetizers and desserts! What have you won? Remember, everyone's a winner but the envelope must be opened by a member of our staff.  We'll see you soon!, This coming weekend, Chef Earl has some wonderful offerings!  Our appetizer is Mussels Bianca.  For our entrees specials, we have Pesce Oreganata and Steak Diane, a10 oz. pan-seared New York sirloin!  For full descriptions, please view our new tab to the left entitled, “Weekly Specials!”  Thanks and we look forward to seeing you this weekend!, This coming weekend, Chef Earl has some wonderful offerings!  Our appetizer is Mussels Bianca.  For our entrees specials, we have Pesce Oreganata and Steak Diane, a10 oz. pan-seared New York sirloin!  For full descriptions, please view our new tab to the left entitled, “Weekly Specials!”  Thanks and we look forward to seeing you this weekend!, This coming weekend, Chef Earl has some wonderful offerings!  Our appetizer is Mussels Bianca.  For our entrees specials, we have Pesce Oreganata and Steak Diane, a10 oz. pan-seared New York sirloin!  For full descriptions, please view our new tab to the left entitled, “Weekly Specials!”  Thanks and we look forward to seeing you this weekend!, Do you have a Secret Surprise envelope from Fiorella's?  Well if you do, don't forget to bring it in during the month of January to see what you've won!  We've already had a $100 Gift Card winner, a $50 Gift Card winner and 7 $20 Gift Card winners!  What have you won?  Remember, the envelope must be opened by a member of our staff.  Congratulations to those who have redeemed and we'll see the rest of you soon!, This coming weekend, Chef Earl has some wonderful offerings!  Our appetizer is Mussels Bianca.  For our entrees specials, we have Pesce Oreganata and Steak Diane, a10 oz. pan-seared New York sirloin!  For full descriptions, please view our new tab to the left entitled, “Weekly Specials!”  Thanks and we look forward to seeing you this weekend!, This coming weekend, Chef Earl has some wonderful offerings!  Our appetizer is Mussels Bianca.  For our entrees specials, we have Pesce Oreganata and Steak Diane, a10 oz. pan-seared New York sirloin!  For full descriptions, please view our new tab to the left entitled, “Weekly Specials!”  Thanks and we look forward to seeing you this weekend!, Do you have a Secret Surprise envelope from Fiorella's?  Well if you do, don't forget to bring it in during the month of January to see what you've won!  We've already had a $100 Gift Card winner, a $50 Gift Card winner and 7 $20 Gift Card winners!  What have you won?  Remember, the envelope must be opened by a member of our staff.  Congratulations to those who have redeemed and we'll see the rest of you soon!, Do you have a Phantom Gourmet Gift Card? If so, Fiorella's is proud to be a part of the Phantom Gourmet gift card program!  For more information, just follow the link! http://www.phantomgourmetcard.com/, This coming weekend, Chef Earl has some wonderful offerings!  Our appetizer is Mussels Bianca.  For our entrees specials, we have Pesce Oreganata and Steak Diane, a10 oz. pan-seared New York sirloin!  For full descriptions, please view our new tab to the left entitled, “Weekly Specials!”  Thanks and we look forward to seeing you this weekend!, Valentine's Day is just around the corner!  Where will you take your sweetie?, This coming weekend, Chef Earl has some wonderful offerings!  Our appetizer is Mussels Bianca.  For our entrees specials, we have Pesce Oreganata and Steak Diane, a10 oz. pan-seared New York sirloin!  For full descriptions, please view our new tab to the left entitled, “Weekly Specials!”  Thanks and we look forward to seeing you this weekend!, Do you have a Secret Surprise envelope from Fiorella's?  Well if you do, don't forget to bring it in during the month of January to see what you've won!  We've already had a $100 Gift Card winner, a $50 Gift Card winner and 7 $20 Gift Card winners!  What have you won?  Remember, the envelope must be opened by a member of our staff.  Congratulations to those who have redeemed and we'll see the rest of you soon!, Do you have a Secret Surprise envelope from Fiorella's?  Well if you do, don't forget to bring it in during the month of January to see what you've won!  We've already had a $100 Gift Card winner, a $50 Gift Card winner and 7 $20 Gift Card winners!  What have you won?  Remember, the envelope must be opened by a member of our staff.  Congratulations to those who have redeemed and we'll see the rest of you soon!, Do you have a Secret Surprise envelope from Fiorella's?  Well if you do, don't forget to bring it in during the month of January to see what you've won! We've already had a Gift Card winners ranging from $5 to $100 and given away several entrées, appetizers and desserts! What have you won? Remember, everyone's a winner but the envelope must be opened by a member of our staff.  We'll see you soon!, Do you have a Secret Surprise envelope from Fiorella's?  Well if you do, don't forget to bring it in during the month of January to see what you've won!  We've already had a $100 Gift Card winner, a $50 Gift Card winner and 7 $20 Gift Card winners!  What have you won?  Remember, the envelope must be opened by a member of our staff.  Congratulations to those who have redeemed and we'll see the rest of you soon!, Recently, we were asked if we would start taking reservations again. Although we don't at this time, we do want to take a minute to mention that our expansion is about to begin! During this time, we'll be open during our normal business hours! Once completed, we'll add an additional 50 seats to the restaurant and have a full sit down bar!  We'll keep everyone posted on our progress and post pictures whenever we can!, Our chef has done it again! - Fiorella's Weekend Specials, January 14th, 2011! For starters this weekend, our featured soup and appetizer is a fresh homemade New England Clam Chowder and succulent Crabcakes! Our entree specials include, Lobster Tetrazzini and Short Ribs Milanese!, Our chef has done it again! - Fiorella's Weekend Specials, January 14th, 2011! For starters this weekend, our featured soup and appetizer is a fresh homemade New England Clam Chowder and succulent Crabcakes! Our entree specials include, Lobster Tetrazzini and Short Ribs Milanese! For full descriptions of these items please click on the following link! 
http://ow.ly/d/acO, Our chef has done it again! - Fiorella's Weekend Specials, January 14th, 2011! For starters this weekend, our featured soup and appetizer is a fresh homemade New England Clam Chowder and succulent Crabcakes! Our entree specials include, Lobster Tetrazzini and Short Ribs Milanese! For full descriptions of these items please click on the following link! 
http://ow.ly/d/acO, Our chef has done it again! - Fiorella's Weekend Specials, January 14th, 2011! For starters this weekend, our featured soup and appetizer is a fresh homemade New England Clam Chowder and succulent Crabcakes! Our entree specials include, Lobster Tetrazzini and Short Ribs Milanese! For full descriptions of these items please click on the following link! 
http://ow.ly/d/acO, Our chef has done it again! - Fiorella's Weekend Specials, January 14th, 2011!  For starters this weekend, our featured soup and appetizer is a fresh homemade New England Clam Chowder and succulent Crabcakes!  Our entree specials include, Lobster Tetrazzini and Short Ribs Milanese!  For full descriptions of these items please click on the following link! 
 http://ow.ly/d/acO, Our chef has come up with some amazing specials for this weekend!  We are featuring a wonderful Pork Osso Bucco, a delectable Lobster Ala Vodka and an amazing Yellowfin Tuna!  We can't wait to see you!, Our chef has come up with some amazing specials for this weekend!  We are featuring a wonderful Pork Osso Bucco, a delectable Lobster Ala Vodka and an amazing Yellowfin Tuna!  We can't wait to see you!, We wish everyone a safe and happy New Year!, Don't miss our fantastic New Year's Eve specials!  For an appetizer, we're offering Seared Jumbo Scallops.  Our Entrée specials include Filet Mignon as well as Pesce Paella featuring Lobster, scallops, shrimp and mussels!  We wish everyone a safe and happy new year!, The Secret Surprise is upon us! When you dine at Fiorella's throughout the month of December, you will get a Secret Surprise envelope. You must bring the envelope back into Fiorella's after January 1st and have it opened by a Fiorella's employee for it to be valid. You could win a $500 gift card!, Don't miss our fantastic New Year's Eve specials!  For an appetizer, we're offering Seared Jumbo Scallops.  Our Entrée specials include Filet Mignon as well as Pesce Paella featuring Lobster, scallops, shrimp and mussels!  We wish everyone a safe and happy new year!, Don't miss our fantastic New Year's Eve specials!  For an appetizer, we're offering Seared Jumbo Scallops.  Our Entrée specials include Filet Mignon as well as Pesce Paella featuring Lobster, scallops, shrimp and mussels!  We wish everyone a safe and happy new year!, Holiday Hours: New Year's Eve, Fiorella's will be open our regularly scheduled hours. New Year's Day Night, Saturday 1/1/2011, we will open at 4:30 PM., Don't miss our fantastic New Year's Eve specials!  For an appetizer, we're offering Seared Jumbo Scallops.  Our Entrée specials include Filet Mignon as well as Pesce Paella featuring Lobster, scallops, shrimp and mussels!  We wish everyone a safe and happy new year!, The Secret Surprise is upon us! When you dine at Fiorella's throughout the month of December, you will get a Secret Surprise envelope. You must bring the envelope back into Fiorella's after January 1st and have it opened by a Fiorella's employee for it to be valid. You could win a $500 gift card!, Don't forget to join us at our Express location too! Located at 2 Tremont Street, Brighton, Ma 02135. Please join our Facebook page at http://www.facebook.com/pages/Brighton-MA/Fiorellas-Express/107471195958905 and our Twitter page at http://twitter.com/#!/fiorellasxpress. We can't wait to see you there!, Don't miss our fantastic New Year's Eve specials!  For an appetizer, we're offering Seared Jumbo Scallops.  Our Entrée specials include Filet Mignon as well as Pesce Paella featuring Lobster, scallops, shrimp and mussels!  We wish everyone a safe and happy new year!, In the mood for a free dinner? Simply join our Birthday Club and when your birthday comes around, we'll be ready to celebrate with you!  Here's a link! http://www.facebook.com/fiorellasnewton?sk=app_10531514314, Holiday Hours:  New Year's Eve, Fiorella's will be open our regularly scheduled hours. New Year's Day Night, Saturday 1/1/2011, we will open at 4:30 PM., Don't miss our fantastic New Year's Eve specials!  For an appetizer, we're offering Seared Jumbo Scallops.  Our Entrée specials include Filet Mignon as well as Pesce Paella featuring Lobster, scallops, shrimp and mussels!  We wish everyone a safe and happy new year!, The Secret Surprise is upon us! When you dine at Fiorella's throughout the month of December, you will get a Secret Surprise envelope. You must bring the envelope back into Fiorella's after January 1st and have it opened by a Fiorella's employee for it to be valid. You could win a $500 gift card!, The Secret Surprise is upon us! When you dine at Fiorella's throughout the month of December, you will get a Secret Surprise envelope. You must bring the envelope back into Fiorella's after January 1st and have it opened by a Fiorella's employee for it to be valid. You could win a $500 gift card!, Don't forget to join us at our Express location too! Located at 2 Tremont Street, Brighton, Ma 02135. Please join our Facebook page at http://www.facebook.com/pages/Brighton-MA/Fiorellas-Express/107471195958905 and our Twitter page at http://twitter.com/#!/fiorellasxpress. We can't wait to see you there!, The Secret Surprise is upon us! When you dine at Fiorella's throughout the month of December, you will get a Secret Surprise envelope. You must bring the envelope back into Fiorella's after January 1st and have it opened by a Fiorella's employee for it to be valid. You could win a $500 gift card!, Holiday Hours: Fiorella's will close at 5:00 PM on Friday night, Christmas Eve and reopen on Sunday, 12/26/2010 at 4:30 PM. New Year's Eve we will be open our regularly scheduled hours. New Year's Day Night, Saturday 1/1/2011, we will open at 4:30 PM., The Secret Surprise is upon us! When you dine at Fiorella's throughout the month of December, you will get a Secret Surprise envelope. You must bring the envelope back into Fiorella's after January 1st and have it opened by a Fiorella's employee for it to be valid. You could win a $500 gift card!, Holiday Hours: Fiorella's will close at 5:00 PM on Friday night, Christmas Eve and reopen on Sunday, 12/26/2010 at 4:30 PM. New Year's Eve we will be open our regularly scheduled hours. New Year's Day Night, Saturday 1/1/2011, we will open at 4:30 PM., The Secret Surprise is upon us! When you dine at Fiorella's throughout the month of December, you will get a Secret Surprise envelope. You must bring the envelope back into Fiorella's after January 1st and have it opened by a Fiorella's employee for it to be valid. You could win a $500 gift card!, Holiday Hours: Fiorella's will close at 5:00 PM on Friday night, Christmas Eve and reopen on Sunday, 12/26/2010 at 4:30 PM. New Year's Eve we will be open our regularly scheduled hours. New Year's Day Night, Saturday 1/1/2011, we will open at 4:30 PM., The Secret Surprise is upon us! When you dine at Fiorella's throughout the month of December, you will get a Secret Surprise envelope. You must bring the envelope back into Fiorella's after January 1st and have it opened by a Fiorella's employee for it to be valid. You could win a $500 gift card!, We just want to wish you and yours a happy and healthy holiday season and a happy new year!, Holiday Hours: Fiorella's will close at 5:00 PM on Friday night, Christmas Eve and reopen on Sunday, 12/26/2010 at 4:30 PM. New Year's Eve we will be open our regularly scheduled hours. New Year's Day Night, Saturday 1/1/2011, we will open at 4:30 PM., The Secret Surprise is upon us! When you dine at Fiorella's throughout the month of December, you will get a Secret Surprise envelope. You must bring the envelope back into Fiorella's after January 1st and have it opened by a Fiorella's employee for it to be valid. You could win a $500 gift card!, The Secret Surprise is upon us! When you dine at Fiorella's throughout the month of December, you will get a Secret Surprise envelope. You must bring the envelope back into Fiorella's after January 1st and have it opened by a Fiorella's employee for it to be valid. You could win a $500 gift card!, Don't forget to join us at our Express location too! Located at 2 Tremont Street, Brighton, Ma 02135. Please join our Facebook page at http://www.facebook.com/pages/Brighton-MA/Fiorellas-Express/107471195958905 and our Twitter page at http://twitter.com/#!/fiorellasxpress. We can't wait to see you there!, In the mood for a free dinner? Simply join our Birthday Club and when your birthday comes around, we'll be ready to celebrate with you!  Here's a link! http://www.facebook.com/fiorellasnewton?sk=app_10531514314, The Secret Surprise is upon us! When you dine at Fiorella's throughout the month of December, you will get a Secret Surprise envelope. You must bring the envelope back into Fiorella's after January 1st and have it opened by a Fiorella's employee for it to be valid. You could win a $500 gift card!, The Secret Surprise is upon us! When you dine at Fiorella's throughout the month of December, you will get a Secret Surprise envelope. You must bring the envelope back into Fiorella's after January 1st and have it opened by a Fiorella's employee for it to be valid. You could win a $500 gift card!, We have a couple of great specials this weekend!  Come in for our incredible Braised Lamb Shank or our delicious Baked Lobster Pie!  We'll see you soon!, The Secret Surprise is upon us! When you dine at Fiorella's throughout the month of December, you will get a Secret Surprise envelope. You must bring the envelope back into Fiorella's after January 1st and have it opened by a Fiorella's employee for it to be valid. You could win a $500 gift card!, The Secret Surprise is upon us! When you dine at Fiorella's throughout the month of December, you will get a Secret Surprise envelope. You must bring the envelope back into Fiorella's after January 1st and have it opened by a Fiorella's employee for it to be valid. You could win a $500 gift card!, The Secret Surprise is upon us! When you dine at Fiorella's throughout the month of December, you will get a Secret Surprise envelope. You must bring the envelope back into Fiorella's after January 1st and have it opened by a Fiorella's employee for it to be valid. You could win a $500 gift card!, Holiday Hours: Fiorella's will close at 5:00 PM on Friday night, Christmas Eve and reopen on Sunday, 12/26/2010 at 4:30 PM.  New Year's Eve we will be open our regularly scheduled hours. New Year's Day Night, Saturday 1/1/2011, we will open at 4:30 PM., In the mood for a free dinner?  Simply join our Birthday Club and when your birthday comes around, we'll be ready to celebrate with you!, We have a couple of great specials this weekend!  Come in for our incredible Braised Lamb Shank or our delicious Baked Lobster Pie!  We'll see you soon!, The Secret Surprise is upon us! When you dine at Fiorella's throughout the month of December, you will get a Secret Surprise envelope. You must bring the envelope back into Fiorella's after January 1st and have it opened by a Fiorella's employee for it to be valid. You could win a $500 gift card!, Don't forget to join us at our Express location too! Located at 2 Tremont Street, Brighton, Ma 02135. Please join our Facebook page at http://www.facebook.com/pages/Brighton-MA/Fiorellas-Express/107471195958905 and our Twitter page at http://twitter.com/#!/fiorellasxpress.  We can't wait to see you there!, We have some amazing specials!  Tonight's feature is Veal Osso Buco!  We can't wait to see you!, Holiday Hours: Fiorella's will close at 5:00 PM on Friday night, Christmas Eve and reopen on Sunday, 12/26/2010 at 4:30 PM.  New Year's Eve we will be open our regularly scheduled hours. New Year's Day Night, Saturday 1/1/2011, we will open at 4:30 PM., Don't forget to join us at our Express location too! Located at 2 Tremont Street, Brighton, Ma 02135. Please join our Facebook page at http://www.facebook.com/pages/Brighton-MA/Fiorellas-Express/107471195958905 and our Twitter page at http://twitter.com/#!/fiorellasxpress.  We can't wait to see you there!, In the mood for a free dinner?  Simply join our Birthday Club and when your birthday comes around, we'll be ready to celebrate with you!, Here's a video on how to make the perfect pizza with Remon!, Don't forget to join us at our Express location too! Located at 2 Tremont Street, Brighton, Ma 02135. Please join our Facebook page at http://www.facebook.com/pages/Brighton-MA/Fiorellas-Express/107471195958905 and our Twitter page at http://twitter.com/#!/fiorellasxpress.  We can't wait to see you there!, From our family to yours, we wish you a happy and healthy Thanksgiving holiday!, Some of you may have heard about our plans for expansion.  We just wanted to let everyone know that we are very excited to begin!  The zoning has been approved; the building permit will be approved any day now and then we pour the foundation!  We will make sure to keep everyone posted on how the work is coming along!  We can't wait!, In the mood for a free dinner?  Simply join our Birthday Club and when your birthday comes around, we'll be ready to celebrate with you!, Looking for ideas for dinner tonight?  Come to Fiorella's in Newtonville!  Our menus are now on our Facebook page!  Simply click on the button that says "More" just beneath our profile picture.  Inspiration from Italy, hospitality from the heart!, For your convenience, we have recently started a complimentary valet service on Thursday, Friday and Saturday nights! Please feel free to use this complimentary service when you visit us on these nights. Of course, we still have plenty of self parking in our regular parking lot. Thank you again, Your friends at Fiorella's!, You did it!  You all helped us reach 300 Fans!  Thank you so much for all of your support!, Wow!  We are up to 297 Fans!  Thank you so much to our wonderful online community!  We only need 3 more to get to 300!  Let's see how quickly we can get there!, There's still time to tell us what your favorite entree is at Fiorella's!  Photos will be done on November 8th., Dear Fiorella's Fans, in the coming weeks, you will start to see some pictures of our restaurant and our express location.  Please tell us what some of your favorite dishes are and we'll try and photograph them for others to see!  Thank you and as always we appreciate your support!!, Dear Fiorella's Fans, We just wanted to take a moment to thank you for being a part of our online community.  At this time, we have 273 "Likes" or Fans.  We want your help in getting that number to 300!  Please tell your friends, relatives and neighbors to join us on Facebook!  Thank you!, At Fiorella's, we take pride in the food we serve.  When you walk into our restaurant, it's like you are walking into our house.  All of our recipes are made from scratch and inspired from authentic Italian recipes.)