List(Did you know we have a tv?! Come for wings, chili cheese dogs, and cracks at Cam Newton's tiny ears during the Super Bowl tomorrow., The South End looks like a scene straight out of a winter wonderland romance novel. Stop by for a visit and try our new menu!!, David Bowie all night., Come see us dressed in our bloody finest. Muahahaha! Happy Halloween!, Come try The Heartwood, a new Angel's Envy cocktail, and post it to your favorite social media with #AE4TheTrees to help plant as many white oaks to help keep American Whiskey alive., Brand new menu tonight!, It's Joy's last night so clearly you're on your way!, null, null, Laughs and libations all night!, null, Come celebrate the 4th of July!!  The Franklin Cafe is open tonight grab a flag and join us!!, Don't Be A Jerk: Brugal Anejo, fresh lime juice, and jerked pineapple shrub!!  Sip on this creative new cocktail tonight!, Special cocktail tonight! Cherry Smoke-Johnnie Walker Double Black, Luxardo cherry syrup, orange bitters, and splash of soda., For the first time the Franklin Cafe will host a live musical performance!  Russell Kniffin will be jamming outside form 5pm-8pm tomorrow!! Join us as we celebrate our neighborhood and small businesses! #acousticonmain #southend, Pan Seared Chicken: Rosemary, Root Vegetables, Port Demi.  Enjoy this incredible entree tonight!!!, North Atlantic Salmon: Miso glaze with dry vermouth, Bok Choy, Red Bell Peppers, Cashews, Soy Reduction.  Chow down on this before the marathon!!, Americano Squeeze: Punt e Mes, Campari, Grapefruit Juice.  Spring is coming, we promise, so enjoy this refreshing cocktail as the warm weather approaches!!!!, A Quiet Storm: Vida Mezcal, Orange Ginger Shrub, Montenegro Amaro.  Enjoy this creative offering tonight! #franklincafeboston, Surprise! Jason Cool is #onthebar, Chili Cheese Dogs late night at the Franklin!!!! Starting at 10pm satisfy your hot dog craving!!! #thirstythursday, It's back!! The celebrated Franklin Corned Beef and Cabbage is here and we are proud to release our spring menu!  Join us tonight for some returning favorites and new creations!, Tonight is the night!! Fernet Branca and Flapjacks featuring Blackbird Doughnuts!!!!!  Starting at 10pm and going until close!  We brought our pajamas so grab your onesies and head to the Franklin!!, Time for Spring Cleaning!  Check out our new, even more amazing, wine prices, so we can make room for our new Spring selections!

http://www.franklincafe.com/franklin-cafe/wine-menu-cafe/, null, Chef Patrick Doane carving some Malort Cured Salmon at Taste of the South End!!, What's better than a Beer and a Shot?
A Beer and a Shot and a Burger! #DigOutDineOut, We are excited to participate in this Year's Taste of the South End!!, Tonight's Specials:

Shredded Napa Cabbage & Kale Salad, Carrot, Pepper, Celery, Radish, Thai Peanut Dressing

Radiatore, White Wine Cream Sauce, Fresh Garlic, Mushrooms, Pan-seared Chicken Breast
#DigOutDineOut, Nancy is on the bar tonight at the Franklin and it's her birthday!!! Celebrate with us and take a break from the apartment!! #bringcake #OpenInBOS, We are #OpenInBos tonight!, The Franklin is OPEN tonight!!!  Take a break from the snow and hang out with Peter, Clairessa and Evan as you thaw out!, Tonight's Bar Burger: House Buffalo Sauce, Blue Cheese, Fried Pickles, Lettuce, Tomato, Join us this Valentine's Day for a night sponsored by Fernet Branca!! Share the love with your friends at the Franklin and drink Fernet!!, If you have cabin fever we have the cure!! Come visit us tonight!, Tonight's Bar Burger: Caramelized shallots, sautéed mushrooms, blue cheese., Tonight's special is pan fried cod with moules provencale.  It's super delicious and sure to warm you up!, Oh shoot, look what just happened to your Thursday night!  Starts at 10, thanks Fernet Branca!, Thank you for the shout out Boston Magazine & Kristen Kish!, Franklin Cafe will be open for normal business tonight!  Come hang out with us, we know you want to get out of your house!, In order to allow our staff to travel home safely, we will be closing at 11:00pm tonight!  Come visit us and enjoy the snow!!, Tonight's Bar Burger: Fried Egg, Bacon, Cheddar, Sweet Sriracha Sauce!!, It feels like a #FranklinFriday, come get some!, Today's special: Fish chowder; pollock, bacon, Ritz crackers., Happy Tuesday everyone!, It's getting old skool in here!  See you at 10!  Glow sticks and slap bracelets for all!!, Tonight's the night- Our very last night!  Join us for a Grand Finale NYE Party at Franklin Southie!  The bubbles will be flowing- Come say goodbye!, Happy Holidays!  We will be closed on the 24th and 25th, but we will see you all for dinner and drinks on the 26th!, Grab your ugliest Christmas sweater and come enjoy some Fernet Eggnog all night at the Franklin Cafe!!!, No date for New Year's eve?  No problem.  We would LOVE to be your date! No cover, Cosmo toast at midnight, delicious snacks from the kitchen, drinks from Absolut, and all the fun of the 90's!, null, It is an honor to be featured alongside all of these incredible restaurants!!

http://www.foodnetwork.com/restaurants/photos/welcome-to-boston-a-newcomers-eating-tour.html#, The Alabama Burger: Ham Hock Rillette, Fried Pickles, White BBQ Sauce, and American Cheese!!!, This Sunday Chef Shawn Cameron is serving a special Bar Burger, the Roll Tide Burger: Smoked Ham Hock Rillette, White BBQ Sauce, Fried Pickles and American Cheese!, Tonight's entree special in the South End: Crispy Skin Arctic Char, vichyssoise, confit fingerlings, celery root, butter braised leeks, chervil and frisée salad, radishes., Happy Thanksgiving to all!  Franklin Cafe & Franklin Southie will be Closed today to give thanks our teams!!  Join us tomorrow to kick-off the Holiday Season!!, Tonight's Special: Pumpkin Arancini, Sage Aioli, Pickled Red Onions. Come by and say hi to all of your favorite people!, Happy Tuesday!  Check out our featured starter tonight: Pumpkin Arancini; caramelized onions, sage brown butter.  #yum #SouthEnd, Brrrrrr...it's cold outside!  Get in here and warm up with some of Chef Shawn Cameron's pork chili with black beans, and sour cream!, Throwback Wednesday at The Franklin! Scott K. is on the bar!! And we got Nate and Alexander, on the floor!, Tonight's Tasty Specials:

Chicken Tortilla Soup, Black Beans, Hominy, Tomato, Lime

Pumpkin Risotto, Sage, Roasted Apples & Squash, Crispy Shallots, Tonight's Bar Burger: Hawaiian Burger, 8oz Beef Patty, Teriyaki Glazed Pineapple, Pickled Red Onion, Grilled Spam, American Cheese, Happy Halloween!!

Today's feature in the South End: Pork Braised in Tomato, Cheesy Polenta, Crispy Hen of the Wood Mushrooms and Brussels Sprouts  Leaves

It's scary delicious!, Today's feature in the South End;
Chilled golden beet salad; aged Gorgonzola, Sherry vinaigrette, watermelon radish, candied walnuts, apple cider reduction, Tonight's Bar Burger Special: House Made Buttermilk Ranch, Sliced Avocado, and Aged Gruyere!!, A BIG Shout out to one of our own!!!  Way to go Dan!!
http://www.bostonglobe.com/lifestyle/food-dining/2014/10/21/waltham-restaurant-red-bird-sings/O2QlX4SOl4twfxwfiXBC0L/story.html, Hey it's Friday, start your weekend the best way...with us of course!  #getinhere #SouthEnd, In addition to our Fall menu, we are offering our Bar Burgers all day!

Try our Rodeo Burger with House Made BBQ Sauce, Hand Dipped Onion Rings, and Aged Gruyere!!, Tonight in the South End:
Cornmeal Catfish Tacos; lime crema, tomatillo salsa, Sriracha crema., Tonight's feature in the South End:
Fried Calamari salad; romaine, frisée, marinated roma tomatoes, white grapes, pickled red onion, lemon tarragon vin., http://www.eventbrite.com/e/franklin-southies-farm-and-tap-dinner-tickets-13145485501, Tonight's menu feature in the South End:
Slow roasted pork loin, roasted apple and shallot purée, brussels and bacon, sage, apple cider gastrique., Enjoy today's small plate: Panzanella Salad, Grilled Peach, Heirloom Tomato, Pickled Watermelon Rind, Mozzarella

We are also offering an entree special: Southern Fried Catfish, Buttermilk Corn Bread, Braised Collard Greens, Tomatillo Relish

Both of these dishes are available in addition to our Bar Burger!!

Treat yourself tonight at the Franklin!, First of all...it's #firstofallfriday #FranklinCafe #SouthEnd, Day 2 of our new fall menu!  Check out yesterdays pictures for a peek at just a few of the dishes we've added to the menu!, null, Tonight's features in the South End...
Baby kale salad, poached pear, pomegranate, blue cheese, pecan vinaigrette
&
Roasted romanesco, Madras curry vinaigrette, raisin mostarda, toasted almonds 

See you soon!, Take a look at one of three features that we have for you tonight in the South End!
Crab cake, Old Bay sour cream, heirloom tomato and fennel salad., Fall is rapidly approaching and the Franklin is getting ready!  Like us for immediate updates on our seasonal dishes!

Enjoy our decadent special: House-made Fettuccine with Mushrooms and Creme Fraiche!, Come to the Franklin today and indulge with our new soup:

Fall Squash Bisque, Burnt Banana, Sage Gremolata, Asian Pear

It is Autumn in a bowl!, Chef Shawn Cameron has prepared a light vegetarian small plate for you all to enjoy with your movie tonight! 

Whole Roasted Cauliflower, Madras Curry, Raisin Mostarda, Toasted Almonds

Enjoy!, Come to the Franklin tonight and enjoy Chef Shawn Cameron's Southeast Asian inspired dish: Sweet & Spicy Thai Wings, Peanuts, Cilantro., Today is Sunday and that means Bar Burgers!!  In addition we have prepared a Grilled Little Gem Salad with Torn Ciabatta Croutons and House Made Caesar.  Join us for the holiday weekend!, Tonight is the last night of our Rogue Prix Fixe.  Don't miss your chance to enjoy this special menu!  Start the long weekend off the right way here at the Franklin!, Movie Monday is here again! Enjoy our Rogue Restaurant Week Prix Fixe while classics like The Wizard of Oz, Merry Poppins, and Hugo bring you back to your childhood., Handmade Fettuccine featured in our Rogue Restaurant Week Prix Fixe!! Come in and treat yourself!, Here's one of our First Course options for our #RogueRestaurantWeek menu: Grilled lil gem, whipped anchovy creme, torn bread, shaved radish, Parmesan oil, This Buttermilk Fried Catfish just left the kitchen!  Come try our Rogue Prix Fixe from August 17th-22nd and 24th-29th!!!!, Franklin Cafe is going rogue! Join us for our "Unofficial" restaurant week prix fixe. This menu will be available in addition to our normal offerings (yes we still have Bar Burgers tomorrow) from August 17th-22nd & August 24th-29th! 

Take a step off the beaten path towards delicious food!!, It's Movie Monday at the Franklin Cafe!  JCool has selected some Disney classics for entertainment as you treat yourself to a signature cocktail and our Summer menu!, Tonight at The Franklin South End:
Scallop Escabeche, chilled coconut soup, Thai vinegar, hearts of palm, peanuts., Believe the hype...Joy Richard is here, where are you?, It's Sunday and that means delicious Bar Burgers!!  This South End favorite is in limited supply so don't miss your chance!, Tonight's feature at The Franklin South End:
Old Bay seasoned Soft Shell Crab, Corn and Parmesan Polenta, Chorizo and Tomato gravy

Yum Yum!!, Come to the Franklin and try one of Sabrina Kershaw's creations:

The Bulfinch Plan: Oloroso Sherry, Strawberry Shrub, Pierre Ferrand Dry Curacao.  

Expand your cocktail horizons!, Tonight is Movie Monday at the Franklin!  Eat drink and be entertained with classics such as:

Hairspray
Serial Mom
Cry-baby

See you soon!, Franklin Southie has their own facebook page now!
Please check them out and "LIKE" the page to get daily special and event updates!, Tonight's special: 
Panzanella Salad; marinated mozzarella, balsamic compressed strawberries, lemon conserva, heirloom tomato, pickles red onion, basil.
And don't forget small plates are only $7 with the purchase of any signature cocktail until 7:30!, The Franklin Cafe is offering $7 small plates with the purchase of a signature cocktail from 5:30pm-7:30pm.  See what all the buzz is about and relax in the South End's neighborhood restaurant., Sunday is Bar Burger Day!! Available until we run out so don't miss your chance!, We know how hard you all work so we want to help you relax!  After a long day come to the Franklin to unwind with our distinct cocktails and small plates! Enjoy!!, We love our beautiful guests who participated in The Bar Concierge Featuring Angel's Envy! JCool is here too of course., Jason Cool is on the bar tonight, so you KNOW it's going to be magical!, We are having #allthefun in here tonight, don't have #FOMO, get in here!, Happy Friday Everyone! Come see Peter and Frankie on the bar and celebrate the weekend with all your friends at the Franklin!

We are thrilled about our new menus and we hope you enjoy!, Come sip on one of Sabrina Kershaw's new House Cocktails, and enjoy Shawn Cameron's latest menu iteration!! 

http://www.franklincafe.com/franklin-cafe/drink-menu-cafe/, Join us tomorrow as we celebrate our independence!, Here's one of our new cocktails!  It's a recipe our friend Jared from Kentucky gave us!  
The KY Boomer: Brugal Extra Dry rum, Rittenhouse rye, grapefruit, lime, strawberry, sorghum., Two dishes from Chef Shawn Cameron's new menu! 
Eggplant Agnolotti; Marscapone, Parmesan, Summer vegetable ragout
Peach Gazpacho; cucumber, mint, almonds, Sabrina Kershaw is on the bar tonight!  

Our special is Korean BBQ Pork Belly, with House Made Ramp Kimchi and Macerated Peaches.  

Spend your Satruday with your friends at the Franklin!, Stop by and try Chef Shawn Cameron's pasta special Eggplant Agnolotti, Summer Vegetable Ragu, w/ Parmesan, Bar burgers are available all night!! We only have a limited number and they are moving fast.  Grab one before it is too late!, It's Friday night, do you know where you're bartenders are??

They're here!  Peter and Frankie are on the bar all night!, VOTE+FOR+TASTY+BURGER! http://conta.cc/1nkI4Zs, Tonight's special in the South End:
Korean BBQ Pork Belly, House Ramp Kimchee, Peaches, We have released our Summer Menu!  Explore our creative small plates and a selection of gluten free entrees.  

http://www.franklincafe.com/franklin-cafe/dinner-menu-cafe/, Jell-O shots or art?  Come to the South End tomorrow night and see for yourself!, Sneak peak of the Franklin South End's #AbsolutPride menu!  Hope to see you all after the parade tomorrow!, Tonight's specials in the South End:

Mâché Salad; Grapefruit, Almonds, Hearts of Palm, Herb Vinaigrette 

Watermelon & Heirloom Tomato Salad; Ricotta Salata, Yuzu, Basil, Kalamata Purée, Hi Friends! 
Franklin Southie now has their own Facebook page. To continue getting updates and notifications on upcoming events, please "LIKE" the Franklin Southie facebook page!!, Show the South End your Absolut Pride!  On Saturday June 14th the Franklin Cafe has the privilege of hosting the Absolut Pride event.  

Featuring:

Rainbow Jello Shots made by Sabrina Kershaw!
Specialty Absolut Cocktails!
Free Costume Accessories!

Be here June 14th and celebrate with us., Tonight's special in the South End:
Mâché Salad; Grapefruit Purée, Toasted Almonds, Hearts of Palm, Herb Vinaigrette., Come to Franklin Cafe in the South End to experience this small plate that our guests are raving about! 

House Made Black Pepper and Rosemary Crackers, Ham Spread, Cherry and Cipollini Jam.

Don't miss this distinct special prepared by Chef Shawn Cameron!, Featuring, at Franklin Southie tonight,  our new menu addition - Pork Belly with peaches!, At Franklin Southie tonight, Chef Joshua's new addition to the menu - Pork Belly with peaches!, Franklin Cafe in the South End is the place to be this Friday Night!  We are offering a small plate: 

Ham Spread with a Cipollini Cherry Jam and House Made Rosemary Black Pepper Crackers

Entree Special: Duck Breast, Treviso, Cherries and Bourbon

In addition, we are participating in Negroni Week featuring the All'alba: Beefeater 24, Campari, Lillet Blanc, and King's Ginger.

Join us for a special night!, Tonight in the South End: Duck Breast, Treviso, Cippollini, Cherries, Bourbon.

Come enjoy this tasty special!!, #NergroniWeek2014 has us in the mood for Negroni Jell-O shots in the South End, It's Tuesday night at Franklin Southie, you know what that means!
Our Whole Roasted Chicken Dinner for Two special - for only $38.

We're also featuring two new creations by Chef Joshua:

Potato Sash Bag: idaho potato, bacon, pecorino cheese, scallion $7

Sauteed Clams, butter, shallots,speck, arugula, lemon, garlic $15

Grab a friend, or two, come by and let us lavish you with deliciousness!!, June 2nd to June 8th Franklin Cafe in the South End is participating in Negroni Week.  Help us to support Horizons for Homeless children by enjoying our refreshing cocktail!, Got the Monday blues?

Grab a friend and come down to Franklin Southie and have our Monday Night Special - Whole Roasted Chicken Dinner for Two : only $38!, The Franklin Cafe in the South End is participating in Imbibe Magazine Negroni Week.  Our beverage is the All'alba: Beefeater 24, Lillet Blanc, Campari, and King's Ginger.  $1 from every All'alba sold will go to Horizons for Homeless Children.  Enjoy this creative iteration of the Negroni while contributing to a profound cause., Chef Shawn Cameron has another delicious special in the South End tonight!
Tuna Tartare; compressed cucumbers, ramps, spicy mango, shrimp chips

See you tonight!!, Tonight at the Franklin South End, Chef Shawn Cameron has TWO beautiful and tasty specials.
Tuna Crudo; Spicy Mango, Grapefruit Gel, Cucumber, Cilantro, Radish

Corn and Crab Beignets; Old Bay, Sour Cream, Monday at Franklin Southie - means we're doing our awesome Whole Roasted Chicken Dinner for Two!
For $38 with your choice of three sides, you can't beat this delicious deal!

We'll see you soon!, The Franklin Southie family would like to honor and thank all the veterans, both past and present, for all their sacrifice. Everyone, please have a great and safe Memorial Day!

If you're still in city, come by and say hi! For any veterans, do come by and let us buy your first drink!, The legendary Franklin Burger is available at the bar all day today!! Come to the Franklin Cafe in the South End and dig in!, Tonight's Special at the Franklin Cafe in the South End: Fried Soft Shell Crab, Green Papaya Salad, Mango, Peanuts, and Old Bay. Wash it down with a can of Narragansett Del's Summer Shandy!, A long weekend is upon us!
If you're still in the city, stop by Franklin Southie. Indulge yourself with some of our new dishes by Chef Joshua!
As always, our kitchen is always serving our full menu 'til 1:30am.

Here are few action shots of Chef Joshua listening to some opera as he works his pasta magic, creating one of our new signature dishes - Pulled Pork Raviolo., Narragansett Del's Summer Shandy is now at Franklin Cafe in the South End.  We are so excited for summer that we are serving Miami Vice Jell-O shots as well!! (While supplies last of course), Look what arrived at Franklin Southie today!, Guess what just arrived in the South End??!!, Do you know what gets rid of the Mondays?

Franklin Southie's Whole Roasted Chicken Dinner for Two!!
For only $38 and your choice of 3 sides, it's an amazing meal that will guarantee a smile!!

Come on down tonight and let us lavish you with deliciousness and great company., Tonight's special at Franklin Cafe in the South End: Fried Catfish, Okra and Tomato Succotash, and Remoulade.  Try this and our Spring menu tonight!, The Franklin Cafe in the South End has modified our Hake dish as we strive for excellence. Poached in Court Bullion, with Chorizo, Grilled Corn, Butterbeans, and a Shaved Asparagus Salad we are proud to release this new iteration of our Spring menu!, Chef Shawn Cameron would like to inform everyone that Franklin Burgers in the South End are available NOW!!!!, One of Chef Joshua's new additions to the menu at Franklin Southie:

Asparagus Agnolotti with Blackened Hearts of Palm and squeeze of lemon., Spring Fever at Franklin Southie!

Tonight we unleash upon you, our New Spring Menu. Chef Joshua Bottini has created several lighter and spring-themed dishes for your enjoyment. 
Chef Joshua also specializes in house-made pastas and has added an amazingly delicious and new Pasta section to the menu.

Come on down and try several of our dishes!, Tonight is your last chance to enjoy our Catfish entree!  Come to the Franklin Cafe in the South End to indulge with our Spring menu!, Thirsty Thursday at Franklin Southie!!

Friends, come on down and check out our specials for the evening:

Fancy popcorn - thyme infused oil, almonds, toffee $4
Bolognese - house made Bolognese, shell pasta, ricotta salata $8
Scallop Crudo - pickled ramps, crispy shallots, lemon viniagrette, chili oil $8
Duck Fettucine - pulled duck, house made fettucine, asparagus tips, sultanas, chili oil garlic breadcrumbs $16

We are also releasing our complete new Spring Menu tomorrow!!, Fried Catfish with Kimchi, Dirty Rice, and Black Garlic.  Try this inspired entree, prepared by our Chef Shawn Cameron, along with our Spring Menu at Franklin Cafe in the South End!, The Patio is open at Franklin Southie! 
Our patio is also pooch friendly! 
So, come on down tonight and enjoy the new menu and we'll have some treats for our 4legged friends too!

We'll see you soon!, If you didn't get a chance to try our Crispy Chicken Skins special in the South End last night you can still get them tonight!  Crispy Chicken Skins with Soy Glaze, Sriracha Aioli, Pickled Red Onion, and Furikake!  And of course you wouldn't want to miss Ms. Joy Richard on the bar tonight!, It's Monday, which means it's Whole Roasted Chicken Dinner night at Franklin Southie!

Tonight, we are also featuring:

New Bar Snacks - Franklin Popcorn: almonds, thyme infused oil, toffee $4
Cod Cakes - potatoes, garlic, celery, pickled aioli, panko crumbs $7

#Bruins will be on both TVs, come by and lets start off the week right!!!, Crispy Chicken Skins with Soy Glaze, Sriracha Aioli, Pickled Red Onion, Furikake.  Come taste our incredible special at Franklin Cafe in the South End., The Franklin Cafe in the South End wishes everyone a happy Mother's Day.  If you are looking for a place to unwind and catch up, come and visit us!  Our Spring Menu and Distinct Cocktails are just the indulgences you and your family deserve., To all the Mothers of the world, Happy Mother's Day from Franklin Southie. 

"The beauty of a woman is not in the clothes she wears, the figure that she carries, or the way she combs her hair. The beauty of a woman is seen in her eyes because that is the doorway to her heart, the place where love resides. True beauty in a woman is reflected in her soul. It's the caring that she lovingly gives, the passion that she shows and the beauty of a woman only grows with passing years." - Audrey Hepburn, Ladies and gentlemen, it is Friday and that means the Franklin Cafe is selling burgers from Midnight until 1:30am!  We also have our fully released Spring Menu so please treat yourself in the South End!, Old friends and new share a drink at last call.  Come join the Franklin Family., The Special's Board at Franklin Southie tonight!!

Friends, come by and check out our spring menu - the rest of which we will be unveiling next week!!, In the mood for a light refreshing small  plate?  Come to the Franklin Cafe in the South End and try our Perch Tacos.  We can't get enough of them!, The Experience Just Got Better!  Book your party for the patio- it's that time of year!!
http://www.thrillist.com/eat/boston/roast-suckling-pig-dinners-in-boston-citizen-public-house-and-franklin-southie, It's Cinco de Mayo and the Franklin Cafe in the South End is bringing you some classic dishes. Pollo Tingo and Pork Tacos, House Made Guacamole and Pico de Gallo with Tortillas, Altos Palomas, Altos Margaritas, Mangoritas are all available tonight!!  Me gusta!, Hello friends!

Mother's Day is just a week away! 
Here at Franklin Southie we would love to treat all the moms with a delicious Prix Fixe Brunch Menu on Mother's Day (will release menu details later in the week!).
Call us soon to place your reservations, as we are filling up fast!
Our main number at Franklin Southie is: 617-236-1003, It is almost time! At Midnight, Franklin Burgers made with house ground aged chuck, Franklin Sauce, and caramelized onion puree are available to ALL guests.  We are your late night destination!!!, As the The Cure said, "Friday I'm in love..." - you'll definitely fall in love with the new noms here at Franklin Southie!

Let's finish off the week the right way with these delicious new additions to our Spring Menu: 

Starting from the top right, going clockwise:

Clam Pasta with white wine and clam sauce reduction, dill stuffed house made pasta, lemon and garlic.
Duck Breast with charred bok choy, carrots, fig, maple sauce demi and cippolini onions.
Pulled Pork Raviolo - pulled pork topped with a quail egg, all stuffed into a house made raviolo, topped with sweet peas, grape and leek.
Wedge Salad - baby wedges topped with sundried tomato, radish, speck (cured meat) red wine blue cheese dressing.

** For all our Gluten Sensitive friends, we have switched over to Rice Flour, thus extending the options on our gluten free menu!! **

See you all soon!, The South End has spoken, and we have listened.  Starting tomorrow we extend the availability of our legendary Bar Burgers!

Fridays: 12-1:30am BURGERS FOR ALL!

Saturdays: 12-1:30am BURGERS FOR ALL!

Sundays: 5:30pm-1:30am Burgers til they last, BAR ONLY

Now you have more opportunities to satisfy your cravings!, At Franklin Southie - the Pork Raviolo: pulled pork confit, quail egg inside a house made raviolo on a bed of mesculin greens., Bibb Salad & Poached Hake represent the final additions to Franklin Cafe's Spring menu. Come to the South End and indulge with our creations!, Hi friends!
We are debuting our new Spring Menu at Franklin Southie!

Chef Joshua Bottini has created some new flavors that you will definitely enjoy:

Firecrackers - lightly fried spring rolls with confit chicken, mix of franks red hot sauce and sriracha with a bleu cheese crumble dip

Baby Wedge Salad - baby iceburg wedges, prosciutto, sundried tomatoes, red wine and blue cheese vinaigrette, thinly shaved radish

Pulled Pork Raviolo - house made raviolo stuffed with pulled pork and quail egg, topped with sea salt and spring greens

Clam linguini - house made dill stuffed linguini, white wine and clam reduction, topped with littleneck clams

** stayed tuned for more creations coming at the end of the week!! **

** For our Gluten-sensitive friends: we have now switched to a gluten free rice flour, so we have expanded our gluten free options for you!! Come on down and try out our new menu!! **, What is better than Fish and Chips?  Fish and Chips made with Yuengling Beer Batter and a Yuengling Dijonnaise!  Why not wash it down with a Yuengling? Come to the Franklin Cafe in the South End tonight.....did we mention we have Yuengling?, Got the Monday blues?

Franklin Southie has the cure!
Tonight we are offering up:

Whole Roasted Chicken Dinner for two! Comes with two decadent house made gravies and your choice of three sides. Almost as good as nana's chicken dinner!

** Stay tuned as we release our new Spring Menu tomorrow! **, Franklin Cafe in the South End is making Bar Burgers with caramelized onion purée and Franklin Sauce. Get one while our supply lasts!, TONIGHT...ONE NIGHT ONLY... In the south end we have the return of our favorite ginger bartender SCOTT KIRMIL!!  Make sure you stop by and give him a high five.  And don't forget about our Sunday night bar burger special!!, Cavatelli with Prosciutto and Asparagus is tonight's special at Franklin Cafe in the South End.  Join us for our new Spring menu and distinct cocktail selections!, null, HAPPY FRIDAY FRIENDS!!!!

Come by Franklin Southie and let us ease you into the weekend the right way!

Franklin Southie's Friday Night Flavors:

Firecrackers - confit chicken mixed with sriracha and franks hot sauce fried spring rolls.

Baby Wedge Salad - baby iceberg wedges, sliced radish, red wine and bleu cheese vinaigrette, diced lardons, tarragon and sun dried tomatoes.

We're rolling out our new spring menu over the next week, do come by and try our our new flavors!

See you in a bit!, After the day's festivities head into Franklin Cafe in the South End to enjoy our Grilled Caesar Small Plate Special.  If you are looking for a chilled, low-lit haven to sip on a cocktail and unwind, The Franklin has you covered., To all the Marathon runners, congratulations from the Franklin Southie family you are all truly #BostonStrong!!!

Come by, carb up and get those fluids refilled...

Check out tonight's Specials at Franklin Southie:

3way Raw Bar - 2 oysters/2 shrimp/mini salmon tartare

Pasta with meatballs - house made sauce, house made meatballs, garlic, basil

Our Whole Roasted Chicken Dinner for Two with your choice of three sides  - $38

... as usual, we are serving our full menu 'til 1:30am!, Franklin Cafe in the South End is serving burgers at the bar made the right way: House Ground Chuck, Caramelized Onion Puree, "Franklin Sauce", and American Cheese.  Our full menu is available until 1:30am so end your Easter with us!, Happy Easter friends!

Come by and try out our Sunday flavors here at Franklin Southie!, Featuring at Franklin Southie tonight:

Cajun Seared Salmon on a spring salad bed: endives, arugula, frisee, queen olives tossed in a tangy champagne viniagrette, Franklin Southie's Specials Board!
Come by and try out our Spring Flavors!, Join us at the Franklin Cafe in the South End as we release our Spring menu.  Exquisite dishes like our Cioppino are raising the bar at Boston's neighborhood restaurant!, Stop in to Franklin Cafe in the South End and try our new slow cooked lamb., Friends!! New flavors at Franklin Southie!!
Start off this long weekend by tasting  our new special by Chef Joshua.

Steak Tartare - sirloin beef, white anchovy, chive, lime, dijon mustard with sweet vermouth and house made potato chips!
The Franklin Ladies - Ms Moira and Ms Jessica behind the bar serving your cocktails all night!!, Come check out some of our new appetizers @franklincafe in the south end., Here's another yummy addition to the Spring menu in the South End, Sweet Pea Ravioli.  Serving til 1:30am!!, The Franklin Cafe in the South End has released a new spring menu! Treat yourself to incredible dishes such as our Fried Oyster small plate.  Experience the exciting changes at Boston's neighborhood restaurant., Friends!
It's Sunday and you have obviously survived the weekend (somewhat)...come down to Franklin Southie for Brunch and let us help you finish off the weekend right!

Today's featured omelette:
The Pork Belly Omelette: more noms than your mouth can handle!!

See you soon!, Want something a little different and yummy?

Chef Joshua Bottini's - Diver Scallop Special tonight., Franklin Southie has a new chef!
Chef Joshua Bottini - and he would like to welcome you with his delicious Spring Menu specials tonight!
Keep a close eye on our page, as we post our up coming Spring Menu!, Start your weekend right at Franklin Southie!
We have Ms. Jessica and Ms. Moira behind the bar tonight and a cavalcade of delicious noms to feed you with!!, Monday at Franklin Southie:

An awesome Whole Roasted Chicken Dinner for Two, with your choice of 3 sides and comes with two delicious house made gravies - $38

We're also featuring the NCAA Championship game tonight! As they say, "winnah, winnah, chicken dinnah!", Franklin Southie's Saturday Night Specials Board!, Late night at Franklin Southie!
Come by and join the party!, Friends and neighbors!
The late night is upon us!
Always serving our full menu 'til 1:30am...
Come by for some drinks and awesome lip syncing by our bartenders., South End Specials:

Fattoush Salad with salted lemon yogurt 

And 

Yuengling Battered Fish & Chips, Come in, warm up and give your belly a hug with these Sunday night specials!!, Tonight's surprise birthday Pig Party accompanied by mini pig cupcakes!!, Come seek refuge with us! Saturday night specials, at Franklin Southie, a sure fire way to start the weekend off deliciously!! See you soon..., Late night eats at Franklin Southie and Cafe! Serving food 'til 1:30am!, Hi friends!
Tonight's specials at Franklin Southie are:

Short Rib Dumplings $8 - parsnip puree, brussels sprouts leaves, olive oil, balsamic reduction, pecorino (1/2 doz per order)

Fish and Chips $16 - beer battered pollock, french fries, tartar sauce

Come finish your week with us!! 
See you soon!, Tonight's specials at Franklin Southie!, Tonight's specials at Franklin Southie! Start the week off right with these happy inducing flavors!, You know what's awesome? This brunch Specials line-up!, Tonight's dinner specials at Franklin Southie!, Tonight's mouth water specials at Franklin Southie!, Tonight's Drink Specials at Franklin Southie:, Tonight's delicious dinner specials at Franklin Southie:, Celebrating all day at Franklin Southie with this crew.... And a Tasty Burger pop up!!!, Ar Franklin Southie tonight - our Pig Roast guest had these piggy cupcakes delivered for dessert!!, Tonight's Dinner Specials at Franklin Southie!, Tonight's Dinner Specials at Franklin Southie!, Yuengling Lager now on draft at the Franklin Cafe and Franklin Southie! Drink up!, Fried oyster special! Dill, yogurt, cucumbers, champagne mignonette, Friday Is Valentine's Day @ Franklin Southie, Don't Miss Out http://conta.cc/1g52IfR, Calling all Manager candidates...we're hiring!!! Email resumes to betsy@franklincafe.com., Come escape the cold weather blues with our crew at Franklin Southie! Ask our charming bartender, Peter Cipriani, about one of our favorite Winter cocktails... Whiskey's Will!, Franklin Southie Specials tonight. Chili Cheese Dog?! Um, yes please!, Super Tasty Pop Up @ Franklin Southie!! http://conta.cc/1eF490A, Warm up in Southie with tonight's beef & barley special!  #comfort #stormfood, null, null, Got a couple of fun bottles at our South End location, for your drinking enjoyment!, Come join us at the Franklin Southie for a Chicken Dinner for two! Served with your choice of three sides off our menu and two decadent gravies for just $38! Yes you read that right... See you soon!, Serving dinner until 1:30a tonight in the South End and Southie! #franklin #openinbos #neighborhoodeats, Yes we are open and yes we are cooking delicious food! Grab a seat at the bar and watch the snow fall!, Come Ring in a Very Hendricks New Year at #franklinsouthie!!, Get your sparkle on at the Franklin South end tonight! We've got the glitter AND the Glamor to get your year started right! 10pm-2pm, only $4.95 at the door!, Feeling a little strange tonight?  Stop by the Franklin Southie tonight for a Very Peculiar New Year's Eve brought to you by Hendricks Gin!  10pm-2am: French 75 toast, yummy snacks, and a photo booth!  NO COVER!!, Join The Fun This New Year's @ Franklin Southie http://conta.cc/1kZ7HB8, After 15 years, yes thats right FIFTEEN YEARS! Tonight is Elaina Enders very last night with us. Come send her off and get your last drink from her in the south end tonight. Thanks for all the great memories Elaina, you will be very missed., A Very Peculiar New Year's @ Franklin Southie http://conta.cc/1kNJjST, Come try our winter menu at cafe!  You know you need to get out anyway!, It's A Glitter & Glamour New Year's @ Franklin Cafe. http://conta.cc/1kJxSLL, Merry Christmas to all!  Both Franklin Cafe & Franklin Southie will be closed December 24th & 25th., New winter dishes tonight at our South End location.  Braised Short Ribs, Korean Fried Chicken, and Roasted Chicken with Celery, Potatoes and Walnuts!, With the snow comes winter menu previews at our South End location.  Wild mushroom ravioli with braised oxtail, shallots and pecorino., The snow won't stop us from cooking plenty of fried chicken! Promise to warm you up or hugs from Frankie.., Come and try the new winter menu at Franklin Southie tonight!, For those in the know we have 20 perfect burgers available on a first come, first serve basis!  Get here!, 1hr of Brunch left here @ Southie!  Come down tonight to catch the Patriots and preview some new menu items!, null, Come by the Franklin Shawmut Ave and warm up with a Boozy Hot Chocolate topped with Marshmallows!, null, null, Please visit us this evening on Small Business Saturday, the day we all Shop Small and support small businesses around the country., Happy Thanksgiving Everyone!  Both Franklin Southie & Franklin Cafe (South End) will be closed today. Eat lots of Turkey and join us tomorrow to wash it all down!, Come warm up with a Hot Toddy and our seriously charming bartenders at the Franklin Southie and Franklin Cafe South End!, Franklin Southie is back up and running for service. Come join Elaina Enders and Mike Rose for $1 Oysters and $2 Draft PBR till close!!, Franklin Southie will be closed for dinner service this evening for a private event. We will reopen to the public at 10pm.
We apologize for the inconvenience!, Come join one of you favorite Southie bartenders tonight as he slings all the classics! Don't even fret about losing your parking spot... Take a FREE ride (door to door) with the Southie Shuttle!!!, null, Game 5 for Sox, come grab a whole chicken, catch a free ride from the Southie Shuttle. Most importantly drinks and metal with Chad & Rob!! Do it!!, Come warm up this fall evening with some Tomato Bisque or Loaded Potato Fritters!  Either way be sure to catch a ride from the Free Southie Shuttle!!, Join us at Franklin Southie tonight to watch the Red Sox play in the World Series! One of your favorite bartenders, Peter Cipriani, will be slinging ice cold brews for you tonight till 2am!, RED SOX PLAYOFFS TODAY= NO TIME TO COOK!!  Come Grab Our Roasted Chicken Dinner For 2 or More.  No Need To Drive, Catch A Free Ride From The Southie Shuttle!, We will be closed tonight in the South End until midnight for a private event. We apologize for any inconvenience and welcome you at our Southie location all evening., Who's Hungry?
Come to Southie and grab a whole roasted chicken for two.. Just like mom's without having to do the dishes!, Fall is here which means it time for a yummy roasted dinner..

Starting tonight, join us in Southie for a "Roasted Chicken Dinner For 2".  Includes Herb Roasted Bird, Choice of 3 Sides & 2 Styles of Gravy.  $38 for you and a friend, loved one, or stranger looking for a home-style meal!, It's happening tonight.. Burgers in South End..  20 orders of Chef Josh's Sunday Night Only Burger @ the cafe!  
Tonights choice: Fresh ground blend, LTO, special sauce= Yummy..  First come first served, so come now!!, Trying out a new little Sunday night special at the Franklin Cafe in the South End. Burgers at the Bar! Limited supply-come early to get yours!, Amazing day for brunch on the patio in Southie! 11am-4pm, Best of Boston Winner With Our New Chef http://conta.cc/15bjll3, null, Local Dish
THE TASTE AMERICA LOCAL DISH CHALLENGE 

During September and October, Franklin Cafe will create a special Taste America Local Dish, and will be donating $1 from every dish sold to the JBF Taste America education drive.

Visit Franklin Cafe from September 1 through October 31, order and photograph the Local Dish, and post to Instagram with #JBFTasteamerica and the hashtag of your city, and you can help your city win a donation of $10,000 or 10% of the proceeds raised nationally, whichever is higher, for a local food charity in your city!

Here's how it works: 
1. Order our Bluefish dish 
2. Share a photo of the dish on Instagram and with the hash tag #jbftasteamerica #franklincafe and #Boston. 
3. The city with the most Instagram posts after 10/1 will win a donation of at least $10,000 to a local food charity in their city. 

Please share and help us raise some money for our charity which we'll be announcing shortly!

Our dish: Hot Smoked Native Bluefish Eggplant, Zucchini, Summer Squash, Tomato Dashi, Tonight's special in Southie: confit tuna, fingerling potatoes, heirloom tomatoes, olives, soft boiled egg and crispy capers, South End Appetizer Special: Warm Zucchini & Summer Squash Salad, pistachio purée, house made ricotta, grapefruit & arugula vinaigrette., The Franklin Cafe and friends would like to give a shout out to our Chef Josh Smith as he competes tonight in Cooperstown, NY for the title of Hop Chef! We are cheering you on from home! Best of luck!!!!, Chef Josh Is Ready For Hop Chef Finals in Cooperstown This Weekend Are You?  Show Your Support!! 
http://starchefs.com/cook/events/hop-chef-competition, Heading to celebrate! Boston Magazine's Best of Boston award for Franklin Southie!!, Southie special: Roasted cauliflower, spicy golden raisins, cotija, pickled onions and cilantro., South End Special: Heirloom Tomato Salad, compressed melon, olives, soft herbs., It's do or die time for our boys tonight! Here at the Franklin in Southie we'll be showing the game and you can enjoy these specials while the game is on:

$1 Oysters

$2 Gansett Drafts and Coors Banquet Tall Boys

Come cheer the B's to victory!, South End Appetizer Special: Fried Green Tomatoes, jumbo lump crab, snap peas, grilled corn, pickled jalapeños., Come by the Franklin Southie tonight to watch the B's and enjoy these special from 7p-11p:

$1 Oysters

$2 Gansett Drafts and Coors Banquet Tall Boys

Go Bruins!, Hey Dads, Soon-to-be Dads, Grandpas, Not Dads or Never-will-be Dads. Come on down to the Franklin in Southie tonight for some awesome Father's Day Specials:

$2 Gansett Drafts or Coors Banquet Tall Boys

$1 Oysters from 6p-10p

$17 BBQ Half Chicken, Grilled Corn, French Fries

$20 Slow Roasted Prime Rib, Broccolini, Roasted Potatoes, Horseradish Cream, South End Special: Grilled Lengua with green tomato, fresh cheese and pickled jalapeño., South End Appetizer special tonight: Fried Green Tomatoes, lobster salad, ginger-lime aioli., Come cure that hangover with us at Franklin Cafe in the South End!! There is only a few hours left to indulge in our "Pop Up Brunch" at the place where you have ended your nights for the last 15 years! This is not something you want to miss!!, Hope to see you tomorrow night!, null, Cable out? Can't watch the game? Come on in to Franklin Southie  and Franklin Cafe to grab a cold one and help us cheer on the Bruins!!!, Hope to see you this Sunday at the Franklin Cafe, South End for this One Time Only event!, null, Pop-Up Brunch this Sunday at the Franklin Cafe in the South End! 11am-4pm. More details to come!, Drop by Franklin Southie tonight for our $30 pitcher of sangria and two small plate special., Late night specials in the South End!, Come check out our new Summer Cocktail list at the Franklin Southie!, Come in to Cafe tonight from 9-2 for a very special guest bartender with J Cool., Come in for our late night industry menu starting at 11pm.
Tonight we have:
Grilled Shishito Peppers
Fries Pork Belly Steamed Buns
Maine Mussels

Basil Gimlet $9
Gansett $3
Fernet $5, South End Appetizer Special: Grilled Corn, jalapeño aioli, cojita cheese. Late night specials, beginning at 11pm tonight: Duck Spring Rolls, black vinegar, curry mustard. Asparagus Salad, egg mousse. Fried Shishito Peppers., Late night menu tonight-served until 1:30am!, South End Appetizer Special: Grilled Corn, cotija cheese, smoked jalapeño, brown butter. Summertime!, Late night Cinco de Mayo Specials at the South End Franklin!, null, null, null, null, Boston Bartenders take over Clover Club in NYC this Monday, all in the name of Charity! Join us-it will be worth the trip!, Late night snacks and drink specials at the South End Franklin -until 1:30am!, The Franklin Cafe in the South End will be opening at 8:00pm tonight. The Franklin Southie will remain closed., The Franklin Cafe and Franklin Southie will both be closed this evening. Please stay safe everyone., We got ourselves a chalkboard so we thought we should offer some specials! Starts at 11pm tonight in the South End., Come try our new Dinner menu in the South End! -Confit Pork Belly, apricot purée, hedgehog mushrooms, sautéed pea shoots. -Crispy Tete de Cochon, egg mousse, rhubarb jam. -Peach & Endive salad, zatar spiced yogurt, jalapeño vinaigrette., Steamed Buns and Painkillers and Sake Bombs, Oh My!, null, South End Specials: Escarole & Peach Salad, zatar spiced yogurt, black rice granola.  Bucatini Pasta, spring vegetables, white wine & garlic sauce, grana padana., South End Special: Grilled Escarole Salad, shishito peppers, caesar dressing, pecorino., Southie Special tonight: Spring Garden Salad, pea purée, carrot pure, braised and shaved radish, favas, shaved fennel, shaved carrot, crispy quinoa, P-A-R-T-Y!!! 
Why you ask!?!?!...... No more Restaurant Week!

Join us from 11:30PM-2AM for
$1 PBR, $5 FERNET BRANCA, WINGS AND MORE!

Don't Miss Out!, South End Feature:
Peekytoe Crab
Green Papaya
Strawberry
Grilled Lime Vinaigrette, Restaurant week is winding down what better way to celebrate then at Franklin Southie? Join us tonight from 12am-2am for an End of Restaurant Week party!!!! Drink specials! Late night menu specials! Great way to wind down after the past two weeks!, South End Special: Pork Belly and Razor Clam Udon Noodle Soup, tofu, seaweed, mustard greens, Southie Specials tonight: Chilled Salmon, pickled red onion, sour cream, rye, Southie Specials tonight: Steak Tartare, fine herbs, egg yolk, toast points., Southie Specials: (counter clockwise from top left-we're so fancy with the photo apps!) Smoked Carrot soup, lemon yogurt. Salt Cod Fritters, lemon dill aioli, green apple. Chocolate Pudding, pine nut brittle., South End Appetizer Special: Uni Caesar, grilled escarole, fried shisito peppers, uni mayo, percino cheese, Franklin Cafe v. Highland Kitchen... CAST YOUR VOTE NOW!!!, null, South End Specials: Braised Chicken Thigh Soup roasted root vegetables, creme fraiche, parsley. Charred Radicchio Salad, blue cheese, pine nuts, soft poached egg., St Patty's Party! See you tomorrow, bright and early!, null, Olive Oil Cake with poached fruit and creme fraiche, null, Check out some of Southie's new Chef Jeff Martino's new dishes!, null, null, null, null, South End Specials: Seafood Fritters, brussels sprout slaw, lemon aioli. Fried Chicken Wings, spicy blue cheese sauce., South End Dinner Special: Pan Roasted Duck, cauliflower purée, roasted red onion, roasted cauliflower, burnt honey jus., Saturday afternoon staff wine training!, Don't forget to come by our Anti-Valentines Party tonight at 9pm!, Forgot to make reservations for Valentines Day? Not to worry, Franklin Southie IS taking reservations! To make your reservation call 617-501-0986! Hope to see you tonight!, Franklin South End Special: Grilled Day Boat Scallops, radish, kohlrabi, lovage, The Franklin Cafe and Franklin Southie will be closed tonight, Saturday 2/9/13., This just in: The Franklin Cafe on Shawmut Ave will be OPEN tonight at 5:30 (for drinks only). Come weather the storm with  Peter Cipriani!, null, null, Franklin Southie is now featuring A FLAT BREAD AND A PBR FOR ONLY $10 from 5:30PM-6:30PM seven days a week!!!!, null, null, Appetizer Special: Braised Pork Buns, pickled cucumbers, jalapeño, soy caramel., Check out the Fancy new Cambridge Brewing Co. tap handle!, Franklin South End Dinner Special tonight: Seafood Stew, roasted potatoes, grilled turnips., Hey friends, we are closed today and tomorrow but will reopen both locations December 26th at 5pm!, Franklin Cafe will be closed on Monday, December 24th and Tuesday, December 25th for Christmas. We hope to see you soon!
Happy Holidays!!!, Introducing the newest member of the Franklin family! Welcome, Jagger Michael Fox! Congratulations Chad Fox and Colleen!, Hi Everyone!

Franklin Cafe on Shawmut Ave will be closed tonight for a private event from 5pm-11pm. We will re-open at 11pm, full menu and bar! Come on by!!, Frankie Gibbs and Peter Cipriani take a well deserved break., Sailor Jerry Crack Team hits the Southie bar for Bartender Appreciation Day!, Mmmmmm. Spicy Mezcal Hot Chocolate at the Franklin South End in honor of the first snow!, Franklin Cafe in the South End is open tonight and the infamous Mr Chad Arnholt is on the Bar! Come brave the storm with us!, Hey Friends, sorry to say it but, Franklin Southie will be closed for dinner tonight. If you're out and about the Franklin Cafe (South End) will be open for regular business hours!, Hope the storm doesn't keep the first lady away! Can't wait for Tuesday!, Franklin Southie's Organic Chicken entree with housemade bacon made the cut! Stop by and try for yourself!!, Franklin Southie's Organic Chicken entree with housemade bacon made the cut! Stop by and try for yourself!!, New Dinner Menu in the South End! Some of your old favorites are back-like the Turkey Meatloaf, Shrimp Toast, and Grilled Calamari!, Crispy Bluefish Rillettes, soy mayonnaise, apple & jalapeño relish., Lil' sister is growing up so fast....Happy Birthday Tasty Burger!!!! Can't wait for a $1 Birthday Burger!!, Amazing night for dinner and drinks on the patio in Southie!, Check out Chef Kelly from our South End location cooking our summertime favorite: corn!, South End Appetizer Special: Smoked Bluefish Rillette, crostini, pickled shallots, fleur de sel., South End Appetizer Special: Fried Green Tomatoes, grilled octopus, herb aioli., South End Appetizer Special: Roasted Bone Marrow, eggplant caponata, grilled crostini, fleur de sel., South End Special: Wild Mushroom Ragout, house cured bacon, peas, slow poached farm egg, lovage emulsion., Support our Olympians! Come by the Franklin Cafe in Southie for the all American omelet! Hot dog, American cheese, French fries, red hot ketchup, served with an ice cold Bud!! Don't miss out, Insane crawfish boil in Southie! A little NOLA preview for all the boys and girls headed down to Tales of the Cocktail this week!, Not sure If you've heard, but the fabulous Nick Korn (of Citizen Pub's Tiki Tuesday fame) is your guest bartender for the next 2 weeks at Franklin Southie's Sunday Brunch! Come see what all the fuss is about!, South End Specials: Appetizer: Lamb Riblets, Greek feta, fresh herbs, watermelon. Entree: Dill Poached Salmon, cherry tomatoes, green beans, fresh figs, Tasso corn cream. Sounds like summer to me!, Our own Peter Cipriani is up for Best Bartender in Southie! Vote for Peter!, Franklin Cafe will re-open this Friday at 5pm! Hope to see you then!, Franklin Southie will be open today from 5pm-2am! Come wish Peter C. a Happy 4th!
Franklin Cafe in the South End is closed for renovations, but we hope to reopen on Friday!, Hey everyone, the Franklin Cafe in the South End will be closed for renovations from Monday, July 2nd through Thursday, July 5th and hope to reopen Friday evening, July 6th. We look forward to seeing you then!, Hey everyone, the Franklin Cafe in the South End will be closed for renovations from Monday, July 2nd through Thursday, July 5th and will reopen Friday evening, July 6th. We look forward to seeing you then!, South End Special tonight: A Franklin neighborhood favorite, back for one night only! Blackened Seared Tuna, chive mashed potatoes, dressed greens. See you soon!, Franklin Cafe in the South End will be closed from Monday, July 2, 2012 - Thursday, July 5, 2012 do to floor refinishing. We hope to re-open on Friday, July 6, 2012. We apologize for any inconvenience! Have a great 4th of July!!!, And the battle continues! Vote for the burgers at our sister restaurants, Citizen Pub and Tasty Burger once a day, every day!, We weren't nominated but Tasty Burger and Citizen Pub were....Vote in the Burger Battle today!!!!, Cast your vote for our Sister Restaurants, Citizen Public House and Tasty Burger today!, South End Special: Grilled Atlantic Salmon, Tasso & corn cream, new potatoes, asparagus., Please vote for Tasty Burger and Citizen Pub for Best Burger. Remember, you can vote every day!, Please vote for our Sister Restaurants for Best Burger. Tasty Burger is currently #32 and Citizen Public House is #47. Help us win Best Burger by voting today and EVERY day!, South End Special: Pan Seared Bluefish, tapenade, beet purée, panko fried asparagus., Southern Fried Chicken au jus, chive mashed potatoes, house lime pickles., Vietnamese Coconut Curry Banh Mi Style Bread Bowl, cauliflower, asparagus, green beans, peppers, shredded beets., Check out Chef/Owner Brian Reyelt cooking up Tasty Burgers on the Fox Morning News this morning! Happy Memorial Day everyone! , The "Chad's" at the USS Constitution Museum Cocktail Competition. Go Chad! (Chad Fox, that is!), Help the West Broadway Neighborhood Association win $10,000 to plant trees on the South Boston Harborwalk.
Vote today!!, South End Special: Dill Poached Salmon, bacon braised brussels sprouts, cider gastrique., South End Special: Pan Seared Atlantic Salmon, crispy eggplant, wasabi mayonnaise, black pepper dashi., Don't forget to swing by JM Curley tonight between 8-10pm. Bar Manager Joy Richard and Fernet Brand Ambassador, Kitty will be guest bartending (aka slinging Fernet shots and Narragansett brews). We may also have a few delicious cocktails in store for you too!, Have you made a reservation for our Whole Roasted Suckling Pig Dinner? Call 617-269-1003, Franklin Cafe South End Special: Dijon Crusted Pan Fried Skate Wing, bacon braised spinach, romesco., That's right friends: We're now hosting Whole Roasted Suckling Pig Dinners at the Franklin Southie, call 617-269-1003 to make advance reservations!, The Franklin Southie will be opening at 3pm today! Come on down after the marathon and let Chad "Chadalac" Fox pour you a nice cold brew!, Amazing day for Brunch on the Southie patio!, Snout to Tail Eating in Southie! - May 3rd at 7:30pm - Gather some friends and celebrate Bacon & Beer Week with Franklin Southie's Family-Style Bacon & Beer Pig Roast. Dinner is only $45pp and includes a whole roast suckling pig with all the fixings and pitchers of Ommegang BPA and Hennepin! Only 2 tables available for reservations of 10-12...book now: 617.269.1003, Come to Southie today for Easter Sunday Brunch! 11am-4pm., Join our team! Send resumes to betsy@franklincafe.com for consideration., First round of voting ends today, so vote now! Thanks-Love you!, Did you vote yet?, South End Specials: Cornmeal Fried Catfish, long beans, cherry tomatoes, sweet chili glaze. Also, Asian Mushroom Wontons, char sui, soy-ponzu., Getting ready for a little Southie St Patty's Parade day mayhem!
Come on down!, Happy St Patrick's Day! In the mood for a little Irish tradition tonight? Come by the South End for our famous House Cured Corned Beef & Cabbage dinner, as seen on "The Best Thing I Ever Ate"!, Please vote for our friends at Poor People's Pub! Just click on the Vote Now icon, fill out your info, then click "Other" and write in Poor People's Pub in the following categories: 25- Lobster Roll; 27- Soup; 98- Irish Pub, and 103-Lakes Region Favorite Restaurant. Then finish up by clicking "Submit Entry".  Thanks!!!, Franklin Cafe South End and Southie have not lost power. The only blackout we experienced was caused by too much Fernet... See you tonight-5pm-2am!, South End Appetizer Special: Asian Mushroom Stuffed Won Tons, char sui reduction, fermented black beans, ponzu., Happy International Women's Day! Come by The Franklin Cafe and the Franklin Southie tonight for a Bourbon Belle cocktail, and we'll donate a portion of the proceeds to On The Rise (www.ontherise.org). Cin-cin!, South End Specials: Barley-Mushroom Soup, warm beef broth, scallions.  Pan Seared Cod, beet risotto, olive tapenade., South End Special: Pan Seared Cod, olive tapenade, beet risotto, crispy asparagus., So happy for our favorites Kate Sims and David Cox, Congratulations on your nuptials!, Check out our brand new draft beer lineup in Southie! Woo hoo!!!, Happy Fat Tuesday! Come on into the South End Franklin tonight for a Frozen Hurricane!, South End Valentine's Specials: Grilled Maine Lobster, roasted baby vegetables, drawn butter. Oysters on the Half Shell, traditional mignonette. Pan Seared Trout, sautéed Asian mushrooms, miso-dashi sauce., South End Specials: Smoked Mussel Chowder, fennel and house-made bacon.  
Pan-Seared Trout, new potatoes, pearl onions, lime-dill butter., South End Specials: Braised Pork Belly, Israeli cous cous, peanut sauce, daikon vegetable roll. Local Sole Roulade, green beans & carrots, soy ginger beurre blanc., South End Specials: Sautéed Shrimp, roasted pepper sauce, creamy polenta, mascarpone. Yellowtail Sole, charred green beans, soy-ginger sauce., South End Specials: 
Raw Kale Salad with Carrots, Almonds, Sour Grapes and Verjus Vinaigrette.

Pan-Fried Yellowtail Sole with Charred Green Beans and Smoked Cherry Tomato Beurre Blanc., South End Special: Chicken & Sweet Butternut Squash Enchiladas, spicy tomato sauce, toasted pepitas, cheddar cheese, sour cream., South End Specials: Classic Shrimp & Grits, pablano gravy. Steamed Mussels & Littlenecks, house made smoked bacon, blue cheese, crostini, whole grain mustard aioli. Herb Crusted Cod, pomegranate beurre blanc, tomato chutney, hericot verts., South End Dinner Special: Tempura Fried Catfish, sweet potato purée, bacon braised spinach, sweet chili sauce. Also just launched our new Cocktail List last night-try a Maple Manhattan, or The Remedy! Intrigued now, aren't you?!, Come check out our new Cocktail Lists at Franklin Cafe, South End, and Franklin Southie!, Southie Dinner Specials: Butternut Squash Soup w/ spiced creme fraiche and cinnamon croutons, Crispy Pork Belly w/ roasted apple puree and celery and apple slaw, Cod Cake w/ roasted red pepper aioli, Steak Tartare w/ truffled egg yolk and crostini, South End Dinner Special: Cornmeal Crusted and Fried Catfish w/ sweet potato mash, spinach and chili glaze and Vol au Vent (beautiful puff pastry) with Crawfish Etouffe, Southie Dinner Specials: Steamed Mussels w/ chorizo, tomato and white wine, Bistro Steak Tartare and Crispy Pork Belly w/ parsley puree and salsify, South End Specials: Ground Curry Chicken Kabob w/ minty salad and peanut sauce.... Cornmeal Crusted and Fried Catfish w/ sweet potato mash, braised kale and chili glaze, Southie Specials: Quinoa Salad w/ arugula, toasted pine nuts, candied kalamata olive, feta... Fish and Chips and housemade tartar sauce.... Butternut Squash Ravioli w/ sage brown butter, South End Specials tonight: Ham & Cabbage Soup, fried black eyed peas. Curried Chicken Pad Thai, spicy peanut sauce. Cornmeal Fried Catfish, sweet potato puree, bacon braised spinach, sweet chili sauce., Thanks for the love! , South End Specials: Cornmeal-Fried Catfish, Bacon-Braised Spinache, Sweet Potato Mash, Sweet Chili Glaze.
Smokey Ham and Cabbage Soup, Fried Blackeyed Peas.
...and lots of booze. Happy New Year!, Yay! The Citizen's Pig Roast made it as one of the 11 favorite dishes of 2011! Thanks, Globe!!, South End Entree Special: Mitake Mushroom Puff Pastry with petite herb salad and white wine cream sauce., South End Entree Special: Mitake Mushroom Puff Pasty in a white wine cream sauce, with a petite herb salad., Just a little shout out on bravotv.com... Thanks Chef Bradley!, Franklin Cafe & Southie are back open tonight at 5pm! Hope you had a great holiday! See you tonight!, The Franklin Cafe & Franklin Southie will be closed on December 24th & 25th and will reopen for regular business on the 26th. Happy Holidays!, Course 4!, Course 3!, Course 2!, Show time!, The tables are set!, Final prep before the big dinner at James Beard House in about an hour!, Countdown: 2 hours until guests arrive at the Beard House for our "Boston's Neighborhood Gem" dinner!, South End Special: Daikon "Fettuccine" with shrimp, tomato basil sauce, and crispy basil., The Franklin South End will be closed until 10:30pm tonight for a private party. We'll be opening back up for regular business at 10:30pm. See you then! And don't forget we are hosting a Duvel Keep the Glass promo at 11:30pm!, Almost time, NYC in 6 days!, South End Specials tonight: 
Rustic Southern-Style Chicken with Sage Dumplings.

Aquavit-Cured Grilled Salmon, Mustard Aioli, Shaved Baby Beet Salad, Horseradish-Dill Vinaigrette., So THIS just showed up at the South End!, South End Dinner Special: Wasabi Pea Crusted Halibut, asian cabbage slaw., null, South End Specials: Aquavit-Cured Grilled Salmon, Horseradish-Dill Vinaigrette, Shaved Baby Beets.
Braised Berkshire Pork Shortribs, Smothered Greens, Pomegranate Jus, South End Specials tonight:
Grilled Double-Cut Pork Chop, Bacon-Braised Kale, Calvados Jus.

Aquavit-Cured Grilled Salmon, Baby Beet Salad in Horseradish Vinaigrette, Mustard Aioli., Thanks for making us one of your favorites!
, Swing by the Franklin South End ...to see the hugest freakin' holiday wreaths ever! Yikes!, S. End Specials tonight: Salmon Tartare, pickled peanuts, tarro chips. BBQ Glazed Pork Belly, papaya salad, paprika aioli., Time for a little brunch in Southie! And stick around to watch the game at 4pm with Chad "Chadalac" Fox. He's got some great drink specials and a fantastic football Sunday bar snack menu! Do it!, Happy Thanksgiving! We're thankful for spending the day with our families. Sorry, we're closed friends but, we'll see you tomorrow night!, South End Specials: Pan-Seared Scottish Salmon, Crispy Eggplant, Pickled Ginger Puree, Black Pepper-Garlic Glaze.
Red Curry Fish and Shrimp Cakes, Sweet & Sour Pickles, Chili Sambal., Chef Brian, wearing his George Deboeuf Beaujolais Nouveau necktie, gearing up for the big After Party in Southie! Come on down tonight from 10pm-12:00am for some Beaujolais Nouveau wine or BN Punch!, South End Specials: Appetizer: Yukon Potato, Carmelized Onion, and Bacon Gratin with Gorgonzola Mornay.
Pan Seared Atlantic Salmon, Crispy Fried Eggplant, Pickled Ginger Puree, Daikon Radish, Join us at The Franklin Southie for the official Georges Duboeuf Beaujolais Nouveau After Party, beginning at 10pm! In addition to delicious wine, we'll also be serving $4 cups of Beaujolais Nouveau Punch and Complimentary nibbles. Hope to see you there!, S End Specials: Salt Cod Brandade with ciabatta crostinsi. 3 Cheese Gratin Potatoes with bacon and caramelized onions., null, null, New Season, New Menus, New Events http://conta.cc/sZDktY, Guess where we are now!!!, Rockin in the Fernet Bus!, Onward to the South End!, null, The Fernet Retro Van is on its way to Southie from 9-11pm, then over to the S End from 11:30pm-1:30am. Sooooo excited! Hope to see you there! Shots and swag for all!, Please remember the Boston Municipal Elections are tomorrow, Tuesday the 8th. Get out and vote if you are registered in Boston. There are as few as 5000 votes cast in some City Council races so your Vote Matters. To locate voting stations go to: http://www.cityofboston.gov/myneighborhood/

Good luck to Bill Linehan! Our Councilman in the South End and Southie., South End Specials:
Sauteed Local Sole, Lyonnaise Potatoes, Pomegranate Butter.
Korean BBQ Shortribs, Smoked Shitake Mushroom Sauce, Pickled Radishes., Stop by Williams-Sonoma Copley today from 6 - 8 pm, lucky customers will be able to sample Chef Brian Reyelt's Pork Belly Porchetta and Oysters Rockefeller!, S. End Specials: Caprese Salad with pecorino crisp. Pan Seared Sole, lyonnaise potatoes, lemon-thyme beurre blanc., Come to Southie tonight and THIS guy will make some kick a#! drinks for you tonight! You're in the jungle, baby..., Come down to Southie for Brunch today from 11am-4pm. Perhaps a Corpse Reviver #2 to wake you from your post Halloween festivities slumber?, And here's your other bartender in Southie tonight! What a pair!, Swing by Southie tonight and one of these guys will take great care of you at the bar!, Southie Specials: Fritto Misto: cod cheeks, N.C. Shrimp and MV calamari and Cod Cheek Fritters: herb aioli, South End Specials: Pan Fried Double Cut Pork Chop au Jus, Hominy, Sage.
Classic Cioppino, Crab, Shrimp, Clams, Mussels, Cod., Read up on Dave and Chef Brian's trip to China, oh and did we mention Jasper White penned the article!, Swing by the Citizen and wish them a Happy 1st Birthday today! Congratulations!, South End Special: Classic Cioppino Stew, mussels, clams, whitefish, crab., South End Specials: Sautéed Littleneck Clams, chorizo broth, fried leeks. Seasonal Fish: Cornmeal Crusted Catfish, sweet tamarind-chili glaze, papaya salad., Southie Franklin Specials: Pan Roasted Monkfish Tail, Celery Root Puree, Orange, Beet, Crispy Brussels Sprout Leaves and Tempura Fritto Misto of Cod Cheeks, Shrimp and Oysters with Orange-Soy Dipping Sauce, South End Specials:
Five Spice Seared Shrimp Salad with Fall Vegetables, Watercress, and Pomegranite Vinaigrette.
Seasonal Fish: Cornmeal Crusted Catfish with Papaya Salad and Sweet Chili-Tamarind Glaze., Come check out our new Dinner menu in the South End! Plus, tonight's dinner special:  Cornmeal-Fried Catfish, sweet tamarind chili sauce, minty papaya salad., Super excited to host this party in Southie!!, Southie Special: Beef Carpaccio w/ mushroom duxelle, lemon and
 truffle oil, Fall Food & Event Updates http://conta.cc/oorNtY, S End Specials: Confit Whole Artichoke, red pepper aioli. Rustic Pork Pate, traditional accompaniments., Check our Executive Chef Brian Reyelt...teaching Jenny our favorite tuna recipe!, South End Specials tonight: Grilled Roman-Style Artichoke, pimenton & roasted galic aioli, arugula. 
Pate de Campagne with traditional accompaniments., South End Appetizer Special: Steamed Pork Shuma,i soy ponzu dipping sauce. Mmmmmm!, South End Specials tonight: Pate de Campagne, Traditional Accompaniments.
Sweet Potato Gnocchi with Walnuts and Three Cheese Mornay (talk about a decadent mac n' cheese!)., We're looking to add to our team!, Southie Franklin Specials: Pepper Seared Tuna Sashimi, Chive Mash, Simple Greens, Ginger Beurre Blanc; Tuna Tartare, Crispy Tofu, Simple Greens, Ginger Aioli, South End Special: Classic Greek Moussaka with Goat Cheese Bechemel, Arugula, and Mint., Franklin Southie Specials: Spicy Garlic Shrimp w/ Smoked Tomato, Bistro Steak Tartare with Gaufrette Potatoes and Greens, Wellfleet Clams in Chorizo PBR Broth with Apple Cider and Fennel, Tonight's feature in Bar Manager Joy Richard's weekly Tuesday night Blender Drink Night in the South End is the "Orange Whip"!, It's Monday night and that means Industry Night with Chad "Chadalac" Fox in Southie! $6 Hopeless Romantic's (shot of Fernet and a PBR), $5 Imperial Royale's (the new cocktail that's sweeping the nation), and $2 Narragansett 16oz cans!, Yoga conference in Southie... Tofu anyone?, New Southie Menu Item: Bourbon Cider Donuts w. Bourbon maple glaze, Update from Southie: we've got a new menu and some old favorites for Saturday Night Specials... Creste de Gallo: shrimp with a spicy tomato sauce and pecorino and bistro steak tartare with gaufrette potatoes and greens, South End Special tonight: Tomato Braised Lamb Meatballs, house made egg noodles, gremolata., Blender Drink Night! You need to drink some!, South End Special: Grilled Bluefish, Mustard Enbrodo, Wilted Greens., South End Special tonight: Grilled Local Bluefish, Spare Rib Risotto, Pan Roasted Asparagus., Watch Out Southie! LUPEC is coming!!, South End Appetizer Special: Vietnamese Style Beef Carpaccio, ginger-lime vinaigrette, fried shallots, thai basil., South End Drink Special: Frozen Strawberry Colada. Why not?!, Franklin Southie is now back OPEN, after a super fun Private Event-thanks, Sandbox Studio!  See you all soon!, Now serving Cambridge Brewing Co ( @CambridgeBrewer ) Great Pumpkin Ale at the Franklin South End!, Sorry again friends, Southie will be closed tonight until 11 PM., Just an Update for our Southie Fans, Monday 9/12, We will be closed until 11 PM for a private event!, Welcome to the South End, Belgian Beer Fest #BBF goers! Swing by the Franklin South End afterward for a Saison Dupont or La Chouffe on draft! We serve the full dinner menu until 1:30am, and drinks until 2am!, Now on draft in Southie: Southern Tier "Pumking". Come get in the spirit of Fall!, South End Special: Crisp Apple Salad with Bacon, Curried Walnuts, and Mache., Franklin Southie Specials: Pan Roasted Fluke Cheeks, Hickory Sweet Corn Soup with Snap Peas and a Whole Pan Roasted Sea Bream, Warm Fennel-Tomato Salad with Parsley and Citrus., South End Special: Black Pepper Pappardelle, tomato braised lamb meatballs, gremolata, manchego., Come visit bartending legend, Chad "Chadalac" Fox in Southie on this most relaxing of Labor Days, and let him make you one of his Monday night specials; an The Imperial Royale (Thanks Mixology Twins!) for $5, or a Hopeless Romantic (shot of Fernet and a PBR "Tall Boy") for $6!, Happy Labor Day! Let us do the cooking for you tonight. South End Special: Black Pepper Pappardelle with Tomato-Braised Lamb Meatballs, Manchego, and Gremolata., $1 Birthday Burgers!! http://conta.cc/p72zSb, South End Special: Maine Blue Point Mussels, coconut-lemongrass, peppers., Sunday Brunch in Southie is in full swing with a guest appearance by Pete Cipriani!, Fall Back into Your Old Routine with the Franklins http://conta.cc/r6ksfW, South End Special: Spiced Lamb and Grilled Eggplant Sliders with Mint Tziki and Sweet Potato Fries. Yummmmmm!, Want to do something a little more creative with that bottle of Jameson in your kitchen?! Try a Gorgeous Gus!, S. End Special: Roasted Half Chicken, pumpkin barley risotto, bacon apple gastritique. Pair that with a Frozen Mango Colada w/ Brugal Anejo (what?!? Yup!) and your night is complete!, Come try one at The Franklin Southie or Franklin Cafe any time!, Southie Special: Tater Tots with The Works, perfect to cure your "Hurricane" Hangover, Don't be afraid of Irene-she wants you to eat brunch in Southie today! You don't want to anger her, now do you?!, Of course we'll be open for Brunch at 11:00am as usual! I mean, you gotta eat, (and maybe have a few Bloody Mary's...) right?!, Scallops not a good enough excuse to visit Southie?? We also have Yellow Fin Tuna Tartare w/ crispy tofu!, Totally worth making a trip to Southie in the rain: Seared Diver Scallops w/blistered cherry tomatoes & Chef's dill flowers, South End Special tonight: Steamed Miso-Marinated Pollack, Wild Mushroom Dashi, Tender Greens., South End Special tonight: Beef Carpaccio, Olives, Fried Capers, Baby Arugula, Grissini., South End Special: Seared Local Blue Cod, mussels, asparagus, white wine cream broth., Have we mentioned that we have The One, The Only, Chad Arnholt rocking the bar at the Franklin South End tonight??!! Show him some love and stop over for a drink or two!, South End Appetizer Special: Cornmeal Crusted Chicken Livers, bacon & red pepper gastrique, mint, Thai basil., South End Special: Pepper-Butter Poached Local Cod, sweet corn salad, chimichurri., Southie Specials for Thursday: Confit Chicken Salad, Arugula, Orange, Red Onion, Citrus Dressing and Whole Pan Roasted Sea Bream, Oven Cured Tomatoes, Garden Basil, Citron Blanc, South End Special: House-Cured Lomo, Grilled Anjou Pears, Manchego, and Balsamico., South End Special: Shrimp & Goat Cheese Stuffed Pablano Peppers, toasted farro, roasted sweet pepper coulis., Don't forget to swing by Southie tonight. Chad's on the bar (which is ALWAYS a party!) and he's got $2 Buds and $6 Hopeless Romantic combos (Shot of Fernet and a PBR Tall Boy) all night long!, Southie Specials for Sunday: Whole Roasted Black Bass w. celery leaf and scallion salad, green onion buerre blanc, Pepper Crusted Flat Iron Steak w. braised Swiss chard and orange hollandaise, South End Special tonight: Grilled Lamb Brochette, Braised Greens, Bagna Cauda Vinaigrette, Gremolata., South End Special tonight: Seared Lamb Salad, Artichoke Confit, Bitter Greens, Mint, Anise Hyssop. Pair that with a delicious and refreshing French Laundry cocktail, and you've got the perfect summertime dinner!, Southie Specials: Beet & Arugula Salad, oranges, toasted almonds, feta, shallot vinaigrette.  Nantucket Striped Bass, oven cured tomatoes, basil, chive-citron blanc., South End Special: Grilled Artichoke Confit, Shaved Pecorino, Arugula, Hollandaise Sauce., South End Special: Grilled Atlantic Swordfish Medallions, chive mashed, carrot-cardamom purée. Also now serving our new vintage of Robert Foley "Franklin Cafe Cuvee" Petite Sirah!, South End Appetizer Special: Crispy Tofu Summer Rolls with fresh herbs and nuoc nam., Corn Gazpacho in Southie, Southie Specials: pan roasted sea bream, local striped bass w. oven cured tomatoes, basil and chive citron blanc and miso marinated bass collar...fresh fish friends, come and get it!!!, Don't forget to visit the one and only Chadalac in Southie tonight. He's got some Monday night drink specials for you, like $2 Bud bottles and $6 for a shot of Fernet and a PBR Tall Boy!, South End Special: House-Made Strozapretti, Rock Shrimp, Bacon and Red Pepper Carbonara, Southie Specials tonight: BLACKENED BLUEFISH CAKES, Tomatillo Salsa, Citrus.
WHOLE ROASTED CHATHAM SEA BREAM, Caramelized Spring Onion, Heirloom Baby Tomato.
CRISPY CAPE COD STRIPED BASS, Frisee & House Pancetta Salad, Chive Beurre Blanc., Looks like it's going to be an amazing night to sit on the patio in Southie and enjoy some dinner and a few refreshing cocktails!, South End Special tonight: Farfalle with Rock Shrimp, House Cured Bacon, and Red Pepper Carbonara., South End Special tonight: Roasted Bone Marrow, eggplant caponata, ciabatta crostini, smoked fleur de sel. It was a huge hit last night, so we're doing an encore!, Thanks to all who came out last night for our LUPEC Barenjager Cocktail Party. Smashing success! Kitty even "killed the punch bowl"!, Don't forget to swing by tonight starting at 9pm for our LUPEC-Barenjager Cocktail Party! $4 cups of punch and $5 Barenjager cocktails., Pan Roasted Local Sea Bream, One of America's Greatest Late Night Bars.... Thank You Playboy!, Fernet, patio, Chad Fox.. Sunday Funday in Southie., South End Special: Seared Tuna Sashimi, Chive Mashed, Dressed Greens. And if that weren't special enough, we also have Jess Li and Mr. Frankie Gibbs behind the bar together, all night long!, Thanks, Boston Magazine for choosing The Franklin Southie as Best Neighborhood Restaurant in South Boston!  Woo hoo!, South End Special: Tuna Tartare with ginger aioli, crispy pita, and dressed greens. Woo hoo! It's back for one night only!, New to the Southie Menu: Fresh Feta and Watermelon Salad w/ basil and
 fried bread, Now that's a burger!, Don't forget to swing by Southie tonight for $2 Buds and a $6 Hopless Romantic (shot of Fernet and a PBR tall boy)!, Southie Special: Seared Tuna Loin with chive mashed potatoes, field greens and beurre blanc., New Dinner Menu in the South End! How about some Summer Tomato & Watermelon Gazpacho with Avocado Croutons, and perhaps a delicious Cucumber Collins made at the hands of Peter C. and Frankie! Oh, yeah!, New dinner menu starts tonight at the Franklin South End!, Southie Dinner Special: GRILLED SWORDFISH, Olive Oil Poached Heirloom Tomato, Chive Mash, Citron Blanc., Join Chad Fox at the Franklin Southie tonight for $2 Buds and a $6 Hopeless Romantic (Shot of Fernet and a PBR "Tall Boy"). Do it!, Southie Specials: 
ZUCHINNI CARPACCIO, Pecorino, Citrus, Shallot Vinaigrette.

STEAMED PORK BUN, Slow Braised, Spicy Cucumber Kimchi, Heirloom Tomato, Herb Salad., South End Special: Grilled Local Bluefish en Brodo, Wilted Greens, Mustard Aioli., South End Special tonight: Pan-Fried Porgy, Mushrooms, Red Potatoes, String Beans, Grilled Lemons., SOUTH END SPECIALS: 

WATERMELON & SUMMER TOMATO GAZPACHO, Avocado "Croutons".

BBQ'D OCTOPUS, Grilled Romaine, Smokey Soy Ponzu, Fresh Summer Herbs., SOUTHIE SPECIALS: 
RUSTIC SALMON RILLETTES, Citrus, EVOO, Smoked Salt, Provencal Aioli, Lavender.

PULLED PORK TACOS, Shredded Cabbage, Tomatillo Salsa Verde, Lime Crema.

PORTUGUESE FISHERMAN’S STEW, Wellfleet Clams, Atlantic Cod, Chorizo, Fennel, Orange., South End Special: Cajun Creole Stew, corn, tomatoes, fresh greens, fried okra., Happy 4th of July! Come by Southie tonight (and every Monday night) for $2 Buds and a $6 Hopeless Romantic (Shot of Fernet and a PBR Tall Boy)!  And don't forget to swing by the South End tonight to visit Dennis on the Bar!, Thanks for helping keep Southie on Top: Best Neighborhood Food!!!, Congrats to Our Bar Manager Joy Richards and Tasty Burger! Well deserved!, South End Special: House Made Pate de Campagne, Traditional Accompaniments., July 5th & 6th Pig Roast reservations just opened up at our sister restaurant, The Citizen (www.citizenpub.com)! Family Style Suckling Pig Dinner for 10 or more . Call (617) 450-9000 to book the PIG!, Southie Specials: Confit Pork Tacos, pineapple miso glaze, white peach & blueberry salsa, adobo. Grilled Welfleet Clams, orange, fennel, applewood smoked bacon, pbr broth., Mmmmm tacos...., Pork Belly Tacos w/ adobo sauce and pineapple-blueberry salsa tonight in Southie!, South End Special: Pan-Roasted Roasted Atlantic Cod, Artichokes la Poele, New Potatoes., Vote for Best Late Night Dining... you know you want to!!, Southie sunshine!, South End Special: Chilled Asparagus, pine nuts, agave vinaigrette., Southie Specials: GRILLED WELLFLEET CLAMS with fennel, orange and a chorizo & Pabst Blue Ribbon broth, South End Specials: Fried Green Tomatoes, Shrimp Remoulade.
Grilled Pork Tenderloin, Cabbage & Sweet Corn, Roasted Jalepino Jus., South End Specials:
Tuna Tartar, dressed greens, house made pita chips, ginger aioli.
Eggplant Caviar, Ciabatta Crostini, Summer Herb Salad., Southie Special: Grilled Welfleet Clams, chorizo, fennel, orange, PBR broth., South End Special: Creole Sweet Corn Stew, fried green tomatoes. Heaven!, The Franklin Southie welcomes DineOut BOSTON this evening for a five course tasting menu. Tonight's Theme:" Taste Testing", where each guest will have a chance to chat with Chef Collin and comment on each course! DineOutBoston.org., South End Special: Chilled Asparagus Salad, Toasted Pine Nuts, Agave Vinaigrette, Arugula. Irresistible!!, Your Favorite Place for Late Night Eats: Vote Franklin Cafe!, South End Special: Barbequed Octopus, Grilled Baby Romaine, Smokey Soy Ponzu, Summer Herbs., Southie Special tonight: Pan Roasted Local Cod, portugese kale and chorizo stew., Southie Appetizer Special: Grilled Wellfleet Clams, fennel white wine broth, garlic toast., South End Special tonight: Barbequed Octopus, Grilled Baby Napa Cabbage, Smokey Soy Sauce, Fresh Herbs., South End Special: Grilled Pork Tenderloin, Sweet Corn, String Beans, Roasted Pablano Pepper Jus., South End Special: Sauteed Local Sole, brabant potatoes, green beans, tarragon-ginger beurre blanc., Congratulations to our own Bar Manager, Joy for taking home First Prize at the Jameson Cocktail Competition last night! Come by the Franklin South End tonight and have her make you her winning cocktail, the Gorgeous Gus., Looking for some fun things to do around Boston? Check us (and our friends) out in the the Boston Travel Guide!, Come check out our new Brunch Menu in Southie today! 11am-4pm, South End Specials: Watermelon and Summer Tomato Gazpacho, Avocado Croutons.

Pan-Fried Colorado Trout, String Beans, Grilled Lemons, Almonds and Brown Butter., Southie Specials tonight: Vichyssoise, fennel, new potato salad. Grilled Wellfleet Clams, white wine broth, confit garlic toast., South End Special: Crispy Pan-Fried Trout, String Beans, Grilled Lemons, Toasted Almonds., Come hang out on the patio in Southie and enjoy some dishes from Chef Collin's fantastic new menu. And why not pair your dinner with a thirst quenching, fresh Harpoon Summer Beer!, South End Special tonight: Soy-Marinated Chicken Livers, Bacon, Fennel, Horseradish. A Franklin classic!, South End Special: Salt Cod Brandade, crostini, dressed greens., South End Special: Grilled Swordfish Paillards, Roasted Asparagus, Blistered Cherry Tomatoes, Red Wine-Brown Butter Gastrique., South End Special: Barbequed Octopus, Grilled Romaine Lettuce, Smokey Soy Ponzu, Summer Herb Salad., South End Special- A Summertime favorite-Creamy Lobster Risotto with shrimp and calamari., South End Special-perfect for a steamy night like tonight: Open Face Lobster B.L.T., House Cured Bacon, Bibb Lettuce, First of the Season Tomatoes., South End Special: Tempura Lobster BLT. Need we say more?!, South End Special tonight: BBQ'd Octopus, grilled frisee, smokey soy ponzu, spring herbs. And Elaina Enders is on the bar, and Erica Hodgkinson, and Nick are on the floor-that's pretty special too!, South End Specials: BBQ'd Octopus, Grilled Frisee, Mint, Citrus Vinaigrette.
Crispy Softshell Crab, Avocado Puree, Star Anise-Ginger Broth., South End Specials: Crispy Softshell Crab, Ginger-Star Anise Broth, Lily Bulbs, Chive Blossoms.
Tomato & Watermelon Gazpacho, Avocado "Croutons"., South End Special: Sweet Chili Glazed Pork Ribs, fennel salad, watermelon.  Tastes like summer!, South End Special: Shrimp with Green Chili Grit Cakes, Tasso Cream Sauce., Come check out our new Vegetarian and Gluten Free Menus in Southie. Char Siu Tofu Tacos?! Yes, please!, South End Special: Filipino-Style Barbequed Spareribs with Avocado and Mint Salad., Thanks, Boston!, South End Specials: Filipino-Style Sweet & Spicy Spareribs, Avocado, Mint Salad.
Classic Handcut Steak Tartar, Potato Gaufrettes., South End Special: Steamed Mussels & Clam Risotto, garlic, white wine., South End Special: Grilled Swordfish Paillards, Watercress, Teardrop Tomatoes, Red Wine-Brown Butter Gastrique, South End Special: Braised Pork Belly, Quinoa, Tomato Chutney, Cucumbers, Mint., South End Special: Braised Pork Belly, tomatillo-cilantro salsa, sweet corn relish., South End Special: Cornmeal Crusted Trout, bacon fried new potatoes, English peas, cherry tomato vinaigrette., Southie Specials: Feta and Watermelon Salad, basil, aged balsamic. Pan Roasted Cod, oven dried pineapple, chili-lime glaze., So, did we mention that Dennis, is on the bar tonight at the Franklin South End?! That's right! Dennis has come back to us every Monday night! Come say hi to an old friend!, South End Special tonight: Ginger-Star Anise Braised Shortribs en Brodo, Chive Mashed, Fiddlehead Ferns, Dressed Watercress., Happy Mother's Day! Treat your Mom to a relaxing brunch in Southie. The Patio is open!, South End Special: Braised Shortribs, Chive Mashed, Star Anise En Brodo, Sweet & Sour Haricots Verts., South End Specials: Roasted Oysters on the Half Shell with Chili Herb Butter.
Pan Fried Catfish with Curried Red Lentil Puree, Baby Green Beans, and Cucumber Nuoc Mam., South End Special: Pan Fried Catfish, Curried Beluga Lentils, Cucumber Nuoc Mam., Happy Cinco de Mayo! Not in the mood for a Margarita? Let Peter C. make you something special-he's on the Bar in Southie tonight, and he's dying to see you!, South End Special: Green Curry-Coconut Braised Catfish, Basmati Rice, Thai Basil, and Littleneck Clams., South End Special: Steamed Razor Clams, green curry broth, cucumber eggplant salad., South End Special: Pan Seared Trout, brabant potatos, burre blanc., Come try our BRAND NEW DINNER MENU at The Franklin Southie tonight, and help us welcome our new Chef, Collin Davis!  , South End Specials: House-Cured Brandade de Morue, ciabatta crostini, spring herbs. Cornmeal Crusted Trout, grilled potato salad, bacon vinaigrette., Southie Specials: 10 Hour Slow Roasted Ribs, bbq sauce, fennel-pear slaw. Steak Tartar, pickled mustard seeds, charred scallion vinaigrette., South End Special: House-Cured Brandade de Morue, Ciabatta Crostini, Spring Herbs., Easter Sunday Brunch on the Patio in Southie?! Yes, please!, Love is in the air. A regular guest just proposed to his love at the bar (where they had their first date) and she said yes!, Southie Specials: 10 Hour Slow Roasted Ribs, bbq glaze, house kimchi. Irish Fish Fry, Atlantic haddock, crispy chips, house made tartar sauce., South End Special: Brandade Fritters, sweet corn & teardrop tomato salad, pimenton paprika aioli., South End Special: Seared Scallops, Alsatian white bean and bacon stew, tomatoes, basil., Southie Special: Irish Fish Fry- Atlantic haddock, crispy chips, house tartar sauce., Southie Special: Steak Tartare, charred scallion vinaigrette, diced cornichon, crostini., South End Specials:
Tuna Tartar, Crispy Pita Chips, Ginger Aioli, Dressed Greens.
Seared Scallops, Alsatian White Bean & Bacon Stew, Tomatoes, Basil., New Dinner Menu and new Cocktail list in the South End!, South End Special: Razor Clams in Coconut-Curry Sauce with Lemongrass, Aubergines, and Thai Basil., Just finished the new Drink Menu tasting for the staff. Come by and try a few tonight!, South End Special: House-Cured Lomo with Grilled Bosc Pears, Manchego, and Arugula., Southie Specials: Thai Coconut Hot and Sour Soup, Mushrooms, Lemongrass.
Braised Oxtail, Rosemary Biscotti, Preserved Lemon Gremolata Salad., South End Special: Grilled Local Swordfish, Bacon-Braised White Beans, Watercress, Bagna Cauda., South End Special: Grilled Swordfish, bacon, braised white beans, watercress, bagna cauda., Southie Special tonight: Soft Poached Egg, grilled asparagus, parsnip puree, arugula salad., Southie Specials Tonight: Asparagus Prosciutto Salad, Fried Egg, Field Greens, Lemon Vinaigrette.
Chicken Milanese, Parsnip Cream, Wilted Pea Tendrils., South End Special: Grilled Salmon, pan roasted asparagus & potatoes, mustard aioli., Southie Specials: Proscuitto Salad, spinach, apples, extra virgin olive oil. Deviled Eggs, frisee salad., It's on!, South End Specials: Grilled Salmon, roasted asparagus, herbed potatoes, citrus beurre blanc., Just tapped a keg of Harpoon Oyster Stout in the South End! Get it while it lasts!, South End Specials: 
Tuna Tartar, Dressed Greens, Ginger Aioli, Pita Chips.
Sesame-Seared Steak Tips, Panzanella en Brochette, Watercress, Asian Pears., Are you out having a good time this fine Saturday night? Recover with us at our first ever SUNDAY BRUNCH at Citizen Public House! 11am ~ 4pm. Breakfast, Lunch, Sunday Supper and Joy's new cocktail list!

If the Fenway's not your neighborhood, come by the Franklin Southie Brunch!, Are you out having a good time this fine Saturday night? Recover with us at our first ever SUNDAY BRUNCH at Citizen Public House! 11am ~ 4pm. Breakfast, Lunch, Sunday Supper and Joy's new cocktail list!

If the Fenway's not your neighborhood, come by the Franklin Southie Brunch!, South End Specials:
Tuna Tartar, Ginger Aioli, Crispy Pita Chips, Field Greens.
Sesame-Seared Steak Tips, Panzanella Brochettes, Watercress, Asian Pears., South End Specials: Grilled Atlantic Salmon, Tournee'd Potatoes, Pan-Roasted Asparagus, Mustard Sauce.
Open Face Roast Beef & French Fry Po' with Cajun Tasso Gravy., Southie Specials: 
Black Pepper Seared Tuna, Citron Blanc, Chive Mashed, Field Greens.

Warm Salad of Baby Carrots, Bacon, Wilted Pea Tendrils, Citrus Vinaigrette., South End Specials: Open-Faced Roast Beef and French Fry Po-Boy, Tasso Gravy., Southie Special: Steamed Mussels, coconut-white wine broth, pea tendrils, angel hair pasta., Southie Special: Traditional Shrimp Scampi Cappellini, White Wine Cream Sauce, Basil., South End Special: Grilled Atlantic Salmon, sauteed baby li choy, Chinese sausage, pickled radish salad., Southie Specials Tonight: Black Bean Soup, tomatillo salsa, creme friache.  Fried Oyster Salad, field greens, shaved fennel, citronette., Last minute opportunity to help us make it to the next round! Please vote for us for Munch Madness!  http://www.boston.com/ae/restaurants/specials/munch_madness/2011/, South End Special: Spring Pea Soup, fresh mint, cardamom creme fraiche., Southie Special tonight: Black Bean Soup, tomatillo salsa, creme friache., South End Specials: Tuna Tartar, Crispy Pita Chips, Baby Greens, Ginger Aioli. Louisiana Crawfish Fettuccine, Tomatoes Basil, Pecorino., We've made it to Round 4! Vote for us and help us make it all the way!, South End Specials: Spring Pea Soup with Cardamom Creme Fraice.  Louisiana Crawfish Fettuccine with Basil and Pecorinoz, South End Specials: Minted Spring Pea Soup, Tangy Creme Fraiche.
Maple BBQ-Glazed Double Cut Pork Chops, English Peas, Creamy Polenta., Southie Specials: Cornmeal Fried Oyster Po'Boy, Old Bay Aioli, Toasted Brioche.
Swordfish Tips, Smoky Shrimp Remoulade, Grilled Asparagus., South End Special: Oven-Roasted Tomato & Black Olive Tapenade on House-made Focaccia with Arugula and Feta Vinaigrette., Southie Specials Tonight: Homemade Duck Rillette, crostini, field greens, fig-pear mostarda.
Open faced Fried Oyster Po'boy, old bay aioli, citrus fennel slaw., S. End Specials: Tuna Tartar, Ginger Aioli, Pita Chips, Dressed Greens. Oven-Roasted Tomato & Black Olive Croutons, Baby Arugula, Feta Vinaigrette., Southie Dinner Special: House Made Duck Rillette, Fig Pear Mostarda, Field Greens, Crostini., S. End Specials: Tuna Tartare, ginger aioli, crispy pita. House Cured Grilled Lomo, grilled pears, manchego, arugula., Southie Special: Seafood Lo Mein Noodles, haddock, shrimp, peas, garlic-sesame sauce., Thanks to everyone for making the 3rd annual St. Paddy's Party a great success! It was so much fun! See you next year!, South End Special:  Tuna Tartare, ginger aioli, crispy pita, dressed greens.  House Cured Lomo, grilled pears, manchego, arugula., Hutch has arrived!, South End Specials Tonight: 
Tuna Tartar, Ginger Aioli, Dressed Greens, Pita Chips.
Sesame Seared Steak Tip Salad, Watercress, Asian Pears, Thai Basil.
Grilled Double-Cut Pork Chop, Chipotle Glaze, Creamy Polenta, Fresh Spring Peas., Southie Specials: "Shrimp n' Grits" -Pan Seared Shrimp, Green Chili Cheese Grits, Sherry Shrimp Sauce.
Pancetta Mac & Cheese, Fontina, Sugar Snap Peas., South End Specials Tonight: Tuna Tartar, Baby Greens, Ginger Aioli, Crispy Pita Chips.  Sesame Steak Salad, Asian Pears, Watercress, Ginger., Punch, anyone?!, South End Specials: Tuna Tartare, ginger aioli, crispy pita chips. Grilled Atlantic Salmon, pan roasted asparagus, tourneed potatoes, mustard aioli., Southie Special tonight: "Shrimp n' Grits"  pan seared shrimp, green chili cheese grits, sherry shrimp sauce., Happy St Patrick's Day! Swing by the South End tonight for Chef Kelly's Corned Beef & Cabbage entree, which is about to be featured on The Food Network's "The Best Thing I Ever Ate"!, South End Specials: Tuna Tartare, ginger aioli, crispy pita. Grilled Atlantic Salmon, pan roasted asparagus, chive mashed potatoes, mustard aioli., Southie Special: Green Chili & Cheese Grits, monterey jack, jalapeno., So. End Appetizer Specials: London Broil on buttered crostinis, BBQ sauce, shoestring potatoes.  Tuna Tartare, ginger aioli, crispy pita chips., Southie Special tonight: Seafood Rillettes, smoked salmon, crab, leek, and pear., South End Specials: 
Tuna Tartare, Ginger Aioli, Crispy Pita Chips, Dressed Greens.
BBQ Beef Sandwich, Shoestring Potatoes, Watercress Salad., South End Special: Stuffed Bell Peppers, chive mashed potatoes, tasso gravy., South End Specials: Tuna Tartar, Pita Chips, Baby Greens, Ginger Aioli.  Crawfish Boudin, Pickled Peppers, Creole Mustard., South End Specials Tonight: 
Crawfish and Rice Boudin, Creole Mustard, Pickled Peppers.
Open Faced Roast Beef & French Fry Po Boy, Tasso Gravy., A huge thanks to all who came out to Celebrate International Women's Day with LUPEC and Bols Genever last night at the Franklin S End. Turns out people really like Punch! (cause you all drank ENOUGH of it!), South End Specials Tonight:
Tuna Tartare, ginger aioli, crispy pita chips. 
Braised Shortribs, ginger-star anise enbrodo, potato puree, pickled celery., Looking for an amazing dinner tonight, for a great cause! Tickets are still available, and our own Bar and Beverage Manager, Joy Richard, will be making and serving some delicious punches during the VIP cocktail reception!, South End Specials: Tuna Tartare, Ginger Aioli, Crispy Pita Chips.  Olive Oil Poached Salmon, Spiced Squash Puree, Pea Tendrils, Golden Beet Vinaigrette., Mmm... Surf n'Turf... Franklin Southie Special:  Surf n'Turf Marinated Grilled Steaktips, Jalapeno Crab Rangoons.  Also, Braised Endive, Frisee, Red Grape Salad with Warm Pancetta Vinaigrette.  Come get your Friday on!, Southie Special: Orange Garlic Grilled Tenderloin Tips, curry cauliflower gratin, tempura crisps., S End Specials: Tuna Tartare, ginger aioli, crispy pita chips. Olive Oil Poached Salmon, roasted squash purée, pea tendrils, golden beet vinaigrette., Franklin Southie Special: Orange Garlic Grilled Steak Tips, Bacon Black Beans, Citrus Arugula Salad, South End Specials: Tuna Tartare, ginger aioli, crispy pita chips. Sauteed Local Sole, brabant-style potatoes, haricots verts, beurre rouge., South End Specials: Tuna Tartare, ginger aioli, crispy pita chips. Pan Seared Sole, baby vegetables, new potatoes, mustard-thyme beurre blanc., Southie Special - Seafood Lo Mein, haddock, shrimp, sole, sugar snap peas, garlic-soy sauce., South End Specials Tonight: 
Tuna Tartar, ginger aioli, crispy pita ships, field greens.
Sauteed Local Sole, baby vegetables, brown butter, fried capers., Southie Special Tonight: Stir Fried Tenderloin Tips, fresh chinese garlic egg noodles, sweet soy glaze., South End Specials: Tuna Tartare, ginger aioli, crispy pita. Rabbit Stew, artichokes, mushrooms, dropped dumplings., Franklin Southie Specials Tonight:  Stir-fried Garlic Noodles, Mushrooms, Spinach, Sticky Soy Glaze.  Also, Rosemary Tenderloin Steaktips, Truffled Mushroom Crepes, Champagne Butter and Red-wine Demiglace, Just keep in mind, Franklin Southie Specials Tonight... Guaranteed to help cheer you up in the cold!!  We're going to have everyone's favorite:  Chinese Hot and Sour Soup, Lily buds, Shiitake Mushrooms, Tofu.  Also, Traditional Chicken Pot Pie with Sage and Cracked Pepper Pastry!, Check out our Chef Asia Mei from Franklin Southie in the new edition of Stuff Magazine!!  She's been declared one of Boston's upcoming "Leading Ladies" in the restaurant industry... more importantly, go try her food out!  Congrats Asia!!, Southie Special Tonight: Oven Baked Flonder, black barley, melted leaks., Yay, we've been nominated! Vote for the Franklin Cafe for Best Restaurant-Late Night!, S. End Specials: House-Made Pork Cracklin', Cajun Spice.
Braised Lamb Ribs, Harissa Glaze, Cucumber Creme Fraiche.
Tuna Tartar, Baby Greens, Ginger Aioli, Pita Chips., Southie Specials tonight: 
Yogurt Mint Marinated Grilled Chicken Skewer, Curried Couscous Salad.
Tuna Wontons, Peanut Sauce, Carrot Celery Slaw., South End Specials: Mu Shi Duck, Scallion Pancakes, Hoisin. Grilled Lamb Ribs, Sweet Harissa Glaze, Tzatziki., Southie Specials: Yogurt-Mint Marinated Grilled Chicken Skewer, Curried Whole Wheat Couscous Salad. Warm Almond Cherry Rice Pudding, Chantilly Creme., South End Specials: 

Mu Shi-Style Duck, Scallion Pancakes, Hoisin Sauce.

Braised Lamb Roulade, Preserved Lemon-Farro Tabouleh, Cucumber Creme Fraiche., Southie Special tonight: Warm Cherry Rice Pudding, toasted almonds, chantilly cream., The Chocolate Fountain is all fired up and ready! Get yourself to the Franklin South End now for some Beefeater Punch and a whole lotta chocolate this Valentine's!, Southie Valentine's Specials: Asian Pear Tuna Tartar, Rosemary Beet & Sweet Potato Chips, Field Greens.

Slow Roasted Beef Tenderloin, Truffled Mushroom Crepes, Champagne Butter, Red Wine Demi.

Cherry Almond Rice Pudding, Chantilly Creme., South End Specials:

Tuna Tartar, ginger aioli, crispy pita chips, field greens.

Grilled Atlantic Swordfish, beluga lentils, pea tendrils, carmelized shallot puree., Southie Specials: Spicy Beef Chili & Monterey Jack Nachos, Salsa Fresca. Southern Fried Catfish, Cheesey Grits, Spicy Tomato Jam., South End Specials Tonight: Tuna Tartare, ginger aioli, crispy pita chips.  Grilled Swordfish, beluga lentils, roasted shallot puree, crispy parsnips., South End Special Tonight: House Cured Salt Cod Brandade, ciabatta crostini., Southie Specials Tonight: Spicy Beef Chili and Monterey Jack Cheese Nachos, Salsa Fresca.
Southern Fried Catfish, Green Chili Cheese Grits, Spicy Tomato Jam., Southie Special:  
Spicy Beef Chili and Monterey Jack Nachos with Salsa Fresca, South End Special: Hong Kong Style Sparerib Risotto, Ginger-Star Anise Broth, Candied Orange Zest., South End Specials tonight: Mu Shi Style Duck with Scallion Pancakes.
Tuna Tartar with Crispy Pita Chips, Baby Greens, and Ginger Aioli., Southie Special tonight: Chilled Mussel Salad, frisee, potatoes, bacon lardons, mustard vinaigrette., South End Specials: 
House-Cured Coppa on Crostini, Bleu de Basque, Lavender Honey, Crispy Shallots.
Tuna Tartar, Baby Greens, Pita Chips, Ginger Aioli, South End Specials tonight: Tuna Tartare, ginger aioli, crispy pita chips.  Spaghetti & Yellowfin Tuna Meatballs., Southie Specials: Stir-fried Pork & Vegetable Lettuce Wraps, Water Chestnuts, Vermicelli Noodles. Smokey Chicken Enchiladas, Green Chili Sauce, Cumin Crema., South End Specials: House Cured Salmon Gravlox, horseradish creme fraiche, potato gaufrettes. And $1 Shrimp Toast, tonight only!, Winter Madness Specials tonight! $1 Oysters all night in Southie and $1 Shrimp Toast in the South End! Hook up the sled dogs and get here!, South End Snowpocalypse Movie Night tonight!  Come watch some old favorites like Best In Show, Napoleon Dynamite, Reality Bites, Arthur, and more, while you chow down on $3 Bar Snacks like Swedish Meatballs, Mini Turkey Meatloaf, and Shrimp Toast!, South End Snowpocalypse Specials: $3 Bar Snacks all night!, Southie Blizzard Madness Special: $1 Oysters! Get em while they're... Cold... and delicious!, Southie Specials: Sweet Potato-Lemongrass Soup with coconut milk and tempura crisps. Frisee Salad with a soft poached egg, pancetta chips, and citrus vinaigrette.  Braised Lamb Cappellini in a puttanesca sauce with shaved pecorino., South End Appetizer Special: Housemade Lomo, Grilled Bosc Pears, Basil, Aged Balsamic., Southie Specials: Sweet Potato Lemongrass Soup w/coconut milk & tempura crisps.  Pancetta Mac n' Cheese w/ fontina and sugar snap peas., South End Specials Tonight: Tuna Tartare with ginger aioli, crispy pita chips, and field greens. Cornmeal-Crusted Catfish with Southern Spoonbread and Creole Sauce Piquante., Southie Specials tonight:
Thai Grilled Shrimp, vermicelli noodles, red coconut curry.
Apricot Harissa Glazed Lamb Shank, white bean puree, almond-arugula salad., South End Specials: Salt Cod Brandade, cibatta crostini. 
Tuna Tartare, ginger aioli, crispy pita chips, baby greens., Southie Specials tonight:
Thai Grilled Shrimp, vermicelli noodles, red coconut curry. 
Apricot Harissa Glazed Lamb Shank, white bean puree, almond-arugula salad., South End Appetizer Specials: Pan Seared Scallops over a truffled mushroom risotto.  Tuna Tartare in a ginger aioli with crispy pita chips and field greens., Southie Appetizer Special: Sweet Potato & Lemongrass Soup with scallions and coconut milk.  Soooooo delicious! You have to try it!, South End Special: Pan Seared Sole over lyonnaise style potatoes, with a lemon and thyme beurre blanc., Southie Special tonight: Herb Baked Sole, forbidden black rice pilaf, braised carrots, citron blanc., South End Specials: Tuna Tartar, ginger aioli, crispy pita chips. Local Sole, lyonnaise style potatoes, lemon-thyme beurre blanc., Southie Dinner Specials tonight: Forbidden Rice Salad, edamame, sesame, carrot-ginger vinaigrette. Herb Baked Sole, black rice pilaf, braised carrots, citron blanc., Southie Specials tonight:
Forbidden Rice Salad, edamame, sesame spinach, japanese carrot-ginger vinaigrette.
BBQ Half Chicken, garlicky broccoli rabe, chive mashed potatoes., Southie Specials tonight:
Forbidden Rice Salad, edamame, sesame spinach, japanese carrot-ginger vinaigrette.
Smokey BBQ Glazed Meatloaf, chive mashed potatoes, garlicky broccoli rabe., South End Specials tonight: 
Local Razor Clams, red coconut curry broth, seared cucumbers,Thai basil.
Tuna Tartar, baby greens, ginger aioli, crispy pita chips, South End Specials: Tuna Nicoise Salad, gilled potato, farm egg, bibb lettuce. Tuna Tartar, ginger aioli, crispy pita chips, field greens., Southie Donner Special: Smokey BBQ Glazed Meatloaf with chive mashed potatoes and garlicky broccoli rabe., Did we mention that The Franklin South End now has FRIED PICKLES on the menu?! Soooo yummy!!!, Southie Dinner Special Tonight: Apricot Harrisa Grilled Chicken with red rice and arugula in a feta vinaigrette., South End Appetizer Special tonight: Tuna Nicoise Salad with grilled potatoes, black olives, and frisee in a warm vinaigrette., South End Appetizer Special: House Cured Gravlax with Freshly Grated Horseradish, Fennel, and Arugula Salad., South End Specials tonight:  House Cured Lomo with bosc pears and aged balsamic. Tuna Tartare with ginger aioli, field greens, and crispy pita chips., Southie Special tonight: Thai Chicken Hot & Sour Soup with coconut & lemongrass. Perfect for a cold and rainy winter night!, South End Dinner Specials: Tuna Tartare with ginger aioli, crispy pita chips & field greens. House Cured Lomo with bosc pears & aged balsamico., Southie Dinner Special tonight: Coconut Hot  & Sour Soup with Thai Chicken, mushrooms & lemongrass., Southie Special tonight: Thai Chicken Hot & Sour Soup with coconut & lemongrass, South End Specials tonight: Tuna Tartare with ginger aioli and crispy pita chips., Bears - Seahawks starts at 1, Brunch in Southie starts NOW! We'll have both games on the flat screen! Go Pats!, Southie Specials tonight: Thai Chicken Hot & Sour Soup with coconut & lemongrass. Smokey Pulled Pork Enchiladas with adobo sauce and beet salsa., Southie Brunch now. Yum, yum, yum, yum, yum!, Southie Specials tonight: Smokey Pulled Pork Enchiladas with adobo sauce & beet salsa. Thai Chicken Hot & Sour Soup with coconut & lemongrass., New Winter Menu in the South End starts tonight. Here's a peek!
http://www.franklincafe.com/franklin-cafe/dinner-menu-cafe/, New Menu in South End starts tonight! Come try some new dishes like Sweedish Meatballs with fresh pappardelle, or some old favorites like Shrimp Toast or Rare Seared Sashimi Tuna!, Southie Special Tonight: Thai Coconut Hot & Sour Soup with chicken and mushrooms., And don't forget, The Franklin South End Dinner Menu changes tomorrow night. Get your favorite dishes from this menu one last time!, Franklin South End Specials Tonight: Miso Egg Drop Soup, shitake mushrooms, tofu.  House-Made Fennel Sausage, creamy polenta, whole grain mustard pepperade., Southie Special Tonight: Mushroom Duxelle, Poached Egg, Garlic Crostini, Sherry Cream., Franklin South End and Southie will be open at 5:00pm tonight. Come brave the storm with us tonight!, South End Special tonight: Wild Mushroom Duxelle over creamy polenta with truffled field greens.  Miso Egg Drop Soup with tofu and shitake mushrooms., Southie Special tonight: Poached Egg, Mushroom Duxelle, Garlic Crostini, Sherry Cream., South End Specials tonight: Tuna Tartare, ginger aioli, crispy pita chips. Wild Mushroom Duxelle with creamy polenta., New Dinner Menu in the South End starts this Thursday night! That means you have 3 days to eat everything you love off of our current menu. Better get started tonight!, Remember how we said the South End Tuna dinner special was back for one night only last night? Well, due to popular demand, it's back again tonight! Rare Seared Sashimi Tuna with Chive Mashed and Baby Greens., Post yoga brunch in Southie?! We serve til 4pm!, Brunch in Southie now! Ask for a Mimosa on the rocks in a pint glass-tell 'em Joy said it was ok!, South End Special tonight: Black Pepper Seared Sashimi Tuna with Chive Mashed and Baby Greens. It's back, for one night only!! Woo hoo!, Brrrrrrrunch in Southie starts at 11am. Get the GIANT Pancake today. Drool..., South End Special:  Fennel Sausage "Toads in the Hole" with Shallot Gravy., Franklin Southie Specials tonight: Crispy Pork Spring Rolls w/thai curry and nuoc cham dipping sauce. Spicy Sausage Lasagna w/ homemade ricotta, spinach, & whole wheat pasta., Franklin South End Special tonight: Lamb Tagine with Black Olives and Gremolata., Southie Specials tonight:  Traditional New England Clam Chowder with Crispy Shallots.              Seared Scallops with Celery Root Puree, Cranberry Coulis, Arugula, and Candied Bacon., South End Specials tonight: Cracked Black Pepper Pappardelle with Swedish Meatballs and Mushroom Cream. 
Lamb Tagine with Black Olives and Gremolata., South End Specials tonight: Provincial Boulliabase with Garlic Rouille Croutons. 
Cracked Black Pepper Pappardelle with Swedish Meatballs and Mushroom Cream, Southie Specials tonight: New England Clam Chowder with Crispy Shallots. Seared Scallops with Celery Root Puree, Cranberry Coulis, Arugula, and Candied Bacon., Pig Roast tonight at Citizen: Pig eyes, ears, tongue, cheek, collar, crispy snout and brains in skull with lemon, sea salt and homemade saltines!, South End Special: Seafood Stew with house made Croutons and Rouille., Southie Appetizer Special: New England Clam Chowder with Candied Bacon.  So warm & yummy!, Southie Brunch, brunch, brunch, brunch, brunch! Pancakes, Eggs Bene in a Fresh Popover, Huevos Rancheros, Corned Beef Hash & Eggs, Sausage & Biscuits, Cap'n Crunch Fried Chicken Nuggets, ...need we go on?!, New Year's Day Brunch today in Southie from 11am-4pm. Do it!, The Franklin Cafe and Franklin Southie are looking forward to celebrating NYE with you tonight. Come on by anytime throughout the evening for your favorite friends, food, and drinks!, Southie Dinner Specials tonight: New England Clam Chowder with Candied Bacon. Panko Crusted Swordfish over Hoppin' John., Swing by the Franklin Southie tonight and say hi to Peter C and his freshly shaven face!!, Come in out of the cold tonight for some delicious and warming Gumbo at the Cafe!, Looking forward to seeing you at the Cafe and Southie tonight. Southie is open now, and the Cafe opens at 5pm. We love snowstorms-makes it all the more cozy and inviting!, Come and have some pre-holiday fun at the Franklin Southie tonight with Asia, Pete Cipriani, Sal, and Mary!  We've got a brand new winter drinklist and some yummy specials to go along with the new winter dinner menu.  Check the website for the details!!  franklincafe.com, Someone needs to swing by Southie and heckle Frankie on the bar..., Man it is cold out there!! Come warm up at Franklin Southie with a steamy bowl of Asia's special Hot and Sour Soup, complete with lily buds, mushrooms, tofu, and water chestnuts!, Winter is definitely here!! Come over to the Franklin Southie for Chef Asia's NEW MENU starting tonight!  From the Hot Smoked Salmon over Mushroom Farro Risotto to Creamy Cauliflower Soup, we've got plenty of tasty items that'll help warm you up., Swing by the Franklin Southie and say hi to Peter C and Frankie on the bar. They'd love to see you!, Come to Franklin Southie tonight and enjoy the last week of Chef Asia's Fall menu! We've also got comforting specials like Creamy Cauliflower Soup with Orange Mint Vinaigrette, and Spinach Celery Ribbon Salad with Golden Raisins and Warm Curried Cashew Butter Crostini!  This salad special brings the old "Ants on a Log" to a new level!! Plus, Elaina and Chad are on the bar... that's just a recipe for a good time!, Yay!! Franklin Southie's Chef Asia Mei and team won the national Whole Grains Challenge for Fine Dining!  Come and check out the prize-winning Quinoa Salad with Dried Cherries, Feta and Almonds for yourself, and sample all the tasty dishes Asia will be making with the winnings!, Come to The Franklin Southie tonight at 9pm to meet Wild Turkey Bourbon's Master Distiller, Jimmy Russell!  Sip on some Wild Turkey 101, Kentucky Spirit Single Barrel, or Russell's Reserve 6yr or 10yr. And don't forget to bring your favorite bottle of Wild Turkey Bourbon for Jimmy to sign!, Don't forget to swing by the Franklin Southie tonight between 8pm-10:30pm for Benedictine's 500th Anniversary Party! Complimentary Benedictine Cocktails created by LUPEC Boston (www.lupecboston.com), complimentary hors d'oeuvres, and many surprises in store. Benedictine has also agreed to donate $10 for every guest to the charity of LUPEC's choosing, which will be On The Rise (www.ontherise.org). 
Hope to see you tonight!, What a day! Patio is OPEN for Brunch at the Franklin Southie. Do it!, New Dinner Menu in Southie tonight! Come by and check out what Chef Asia's cooking up!, Oh, by the way, the Maker's 46 Industry Night is at the Franklin in the South End. 278 Shawmut Ave. Be there!, Filling the Punch Bowls with delicious Maker's 46 Whiskey Punches, as we speak. Strawberry-Whiskey Punch with Prosecco and Peach-Whiskey Punch with black tea and lemon! Come on by for Maker's 46 Industry night tonight from 9pm until 2am! $4  Punch, $6  Cocktails. Hope to see you soon!, You can do it, Jade! (Jade's trying to conquer the "All The Way" Dog at Tasty Burger.), Let's see if se can eat an entire "All The Way" Dog here at Tasty Burger! We'll keep you posted on Jade's progress., Tasty Burger's "All The Way" Dog. You know you want one!, Tasty Burger (www.tastyburger.com) is now open! Just opened the doors for Day 2, and we're ready to rock. 1301 Boylston St on the corner of Yawkey Way and Bolyston, behind Fenway Park. Do it!, Tasty Burger is officially open for business!, Franklin Cafe Tasty Burger is opening THIS SUNDAY at 5pm! 1301 Boylston St on the corner of Boylston & Yawkey Way. Come on down from 5pm-2am and check us out. Hope to see you there!, Tasty Burger is opening THIS SUNDAY at 5pm! 1301 Boylston St on the corner of Boylston & Yawkey Way. Come on down from 5pm-2am and check us out. Hope to see you there!, Happy Women's Equality Day! Come by Southie tonight from 9pm-2am to celebrate with the Ladies of LUPEC, Bols Genever and St Germain. $4 Punch, $7 Specialty Cocktails, $1 Jell-O Shots, and $5 Bar Snacks. See you there!, Swing by the South End after 9pm tonight. Joy's behind the bar and will be mixing up a big bowl of Appleton 12yr Rum Punch with black tea and fresh peaches! Only $4/ cup-as long as it lasts!, Need a good reason to come out in this crappy weather? How about Complimentary Reyka Vodka cocktails at 7:00pm! Swing by the Franklin Southie at 7:00pm tonight  to sample some cocktails made with this Small Batch Icelandic Vodka and learn a little bit about why this product is so unique. Make sure to come early so you don't miss out on the gratis (aka FREE) drinks!, Head Bartender Peter Cipriani has arrived in Budapest to learn everything there is to know about Zwack. Stop by The Franklin now, or when Peter returns, to give this unique Hungarian Amaro a try!, Come into both Franklins these next two weeks for a relaxed dinner. We're not participating in restaurant week and we would be psyched to serve you exactly what you want to order!, Don't forget to join us in Southie tonight from 9pm-2am for our Combier Launch Party! $6 Combier Specialty Cocktails, Jell-O Shots, and...a Booze Luge!, Don't forget to come visit us at the Franklin Southie tonight from 7:00pm-8:30pm for an opportunity to sample some cocktails made with Reyka Vodka, and learn a little bit more about this small batch Icelandic spirit. Come early so you don't miss out on the complimentary Reyka cocktails!, Come visit us at the Franklin Southie tonight from 7:00pm-8:30pm for an opportunity to sample some cocktails made with Reyka Vodka, and learn a little bit more about this small batch Icelandic spirit. Come early so you don't miss out on the complimentary Reyka cocktails., What a day! So perfect for sipping drinks on the Patio in Southie!, Getting ready to pick our Four Roses Single Barrel Whiskey for The Citizen!, 2010 Boston Magazine - Best Late Night Dining, Franklin Cafe!, See the new Places on TV Diner: http://www.necn.com/07/24/10/Destination-The-Citizen/landing_tvdiner.html?blockID=276750&feedID=4643, Don't forget to come by the Franklin Southie for complimentary Reyka small batch Icelandic Vodka cocktails tonight from 7-8:30pm., Reyka Happy Hour Tonight!
Come visit us at the Franklin Southie tonight from 7pm-8:30pm for an opportunity to try some cocktails made with Reyka Vodka, and learn a little more about this small batch Icelandic spirit. Come early so you don't miss out on the complimentary sampling of Reyka cocktails!, From Imbibe Magazine: It's Bastille Day—toast your French friends with this strawberry-filled Champagne punch by Franklin Cafe's Joy Richard: http://bit.ly/7HfWbl  (woo hoo!), The weather is starting to break. I think it's going to be a PATIO NIGHT! Come hang out on ours in Southie!  Peter C. is on the bar as well, so sitting inside is an equally amazing option!, Nice and cool inside at the Franklin! Come in the South End and cool down with some Tuna Tartare and a glass of Rose!, You should come in to see us tonight... and eat some yummy dinner...and have some delicious cocktails! We're open in the South End and Southie tonight and we'd be psyched to see you!, Happy 4th of July! The Franklin Southie is open today for Brunch starting at 11:00am and both Southie and South End are open for Dinner starting at 5:30!, So, you're thinking, "What should I do on the 4th of July? I REALLY want to sit on an amazing patio and eat fantactic food and drink delicious drinks, but where ever shall I go?"  Um...The FRANKLIN SOUTHIE, of course!  And, guess what? We'll even pour you a complimentary glass of Bubbles to toast our independence, at both the Southie and South End locations.  OK, done!, Just tapped a log of Saison Dupont in the South End! Perfect with our house cured Coppa appetizer special on a hot night like tonight!, Don't forget to stop by the South End tonight for our late night specials, starting at 10pm. Can't beat Mussels and a glass of White for $12 on a night like this!, sign up for updates of new place: Citizenpub.com, We are a month or so away from opening the Citizen. Watch the build-out progress at citizenpub.com. Sign up for the newsletter., Beautiful night and the patio is open! Come join us in Southie for a lazy summer night dinner and drinks. Can't make it til later? Remember, Bethany is behind the bar in the South End and has some great late night deals for you starting at 10pm!., Happy Father's Day, to all you Dad's out there!, Cucumber Collins on the patio in Southie? Do it!, All geared up for the Plymouth Industry Night at the Franklin Southie, tonight from 9pm-2am. $6 Plymouth Cocktaisl, $5 Bar Snacks, $2 Plymouth Woo Woo Jell-O Shots, AND we'll most definitely have the game on! How can you go wrong??!!!, You like sports? We like sports! Come in to watch the World Cup now in Southie then the Celtics at both the South End and Southie locations tonight! Beat LA!, A few of the Kentucky Bourbon Distillers handmade small batch bourbons. Who wants some?!, Bar manager Joy is
running around Kentucky, sampling (a ton of) whiskey for our new Fenway
project, The Citizen! Stay posted for more shots from the Bourbon Trail!, Go to citizenpub.com for updates on Build-out and opening!, What an amazing day! Come by Southie after work and relax on our patio with a refreshing cocktail from our new Summer drink list., New Summer Cocktail List starts tonight in both Southie and the S. End! Beautiful day for some refreshing new drinks!, Just tapped a keg of Cambridge Brewing Co Hefeweizen at the South End location. Come drink some-so fresh and yummy!, Ready, set, BRUNCH! Come relax on the patio in Southie with a delicious brunch cocktail and our yummy Eggs Benedict served in a homemade Popover! Brunch served 11-4pm., Tapped a keg of Pretty Things Jack D'or in the  South End. Come on by for some delicious beer tonight!, New house Margarita recipe finalized. Lunazul Blanco 100% agave tequila, fresh lime & fresh lemon, a little simple and a little orange curaçao. So simple and delicious!, Thanks to all who came out for Chartreuse Happy Hour last night. We made 126 Chartreuse Cocktails in 2 hours! C'est Tres Bon!, This Just In: Chartreuse event in Southie THIS Thursday from 7-9pm. Chartreuse cocktail specials and a visit from "The Green Ambassador" himself! All are welcome!, This Just In: Chartreuse event in Southie THIS Thursday from 7-9pm. Chartreuse cocktail specials and a visit from "The Green Ambassador" himself! All are welcome!, Happy Cinco de Mayo! Come to the Franklin Cafe & Franklin Southie for Peter C. and Joy's list of creative tequila cocktails for just $7. Try a Santa Ana with Lunazul Blanco, St Germain, Green Chartreuse, & grapefruit juice, or a Madre de Dios with Lunazul Blanco, Luxardo Amaretto, Cynar, & Angostura Orange bitters, among others!, Ice ordered, soda ordered, bottled water ordered! Come on in! We're armed and ready for the great Boston water shortage of 2010!, South End Special tonight: Smokey Confit Duck Leg with cassoulet of black eyed peas & Berkshire pork, and a ginger-carrot emulsion., Come visit Bethany Van Delft tonight in the South End, one of Improper Bostonian's Beloved Bartenders of 2010! Ask her about her Signature "Drink" too!, Brunch in Southie is off to a running start! Come on over for some yummy French Toast, Pancakes, or our fantastic Eggs Benedict served in a house made Popover!, Southie Dinner Specials tonight: Appetizer: Ahi Tuna Sliders, grilled red onion, pineapple glaze. Entree: House-Made Fettuccine Carbonara, chicken, smoked ham, fresh peas.  Sounds like you better get over here for dinner right away!, Hope to see you tonight for our Bols Genever Industry Night in Southe from 9pm-2am! A great chance to try some really creative cocktails made with this amazing product. $6 Bols Genever Cocktails created by some of Bostons top Mixologists and Bartenders, $5 Bar Snacks, and Bols Genever giveaways, while they last!  And you don't even have to drive-we're on the same block as the Broadway T Stop!, Thanks for voting us Best Late Night Restaurant in the Boston Phoenix Best 2010!  We're so excited!, Looking forward to our Bols Genever Industry Night tomorrow from 9pm-2am! $6 Bols Genever Cocktails created by some of Boston's top bartenders and mixologists, $5 Bar Snacks, & Bols swag giveaways, while they last.  You don't want to miss it!, Chimay Belgian beer Promo tonight in Southie from 9pm-11pm. Come by for some delicious beer and a complimenatry Chimay glass with each beer you order. Drink enough and you'll end up with a whole set!, Harpoon Summer Beer on draft in Southie tonight! So fresh, so local, sooooo delicious!, Hello weekend! You're not going to let a little rain keep you from Steak Frites, are you?!, Hello weekend! You're not going to let a little rain keep you from Steak Frites, are you?!, South End Special: Duck Prosciutto Wrapped Asparagus, arugala, mint, reggiano. Pair that with a glass of Alsatian Sparkling Rose...Summer!!, Just tapped a keg of @SmuttyNoseBeer Old Brown Dog in the South End. Come on in for a cold one!, Just finished Staff Menu Tasting in Southie. Lots of great feedback! Some favorites were Fresh Spring Pea Soup, Ale Steamed Basket O' Old Bay Shrimp, Wasabi Pea Crusted Cod, and of course the Black Pepper Seared Sashimi Tuna Loin! , Rainy nights are made for our House Made Chicken Noodle Soup with fresh egg noodles, English peas, and carrots, on the menu in the South End. Yum!, South End Dinner Special Tonight: Grilled Octopus with Spanish white anchoiade and orzo tabouleh., Last day of voting to get to the final four of MUNCH MADNESS and we are in the tightest race! Vote for the underdog!, Vote for Franklin in MUNCH MADNESS! The brackets are getting very tough., WE MADE IT TO THE FINAL EIGHT BRACKET!  We need your vote in Boston Globes/Boston.com's MUNCH MADNESS! We need votes by Monday 3/29 to advance to the final four! Thank you so much to everyone that voted for us!, We need you to vote in Boston Globes/Boston.com's MUNCH MADNESS! We need votes by tomorrow to advance a bracket!, NEW MENU IN SOUTHIE!!! Also, new Vegetarian and Gluten-Free Menu's! See all on franklincafe.com, At Nerax event tasting Cask Ales for new place in the Fenway., null, Check out the Calamari Recipe in the Letters section of the April Bon Appetit., Don't forget to vote for us on Boston.com's Munch Madness. We made it to Round 2 so far! Thanks, friends!, New Dinner Menu in the South End starts tonight!, Southie Special tonight: Irish Boiled Dinner- Corned Beef & Cabbage, Spicy Mustard. Pair that with a delicious St John cocktail (Jameson, St Germain, lemon juice, demerara syrup) Yummy!, Vote for us in the Globe's MUNCH MADNESS today!, Southie Dinner Special tonight: Chicken Schnitzel, Garlic Steamed Spinach, Caper Butter. Get out of your house on this amazing day and come on over!, Parade begins!, null, null, St Patricks Day! Party started at the Franklin Southie. 11am - 7pm. Handcut Corned Beef whisky and beer!, Southie is about to get nutty! Come down and watch the parade from inside the restaurant with us. Nice and dry!, Southie Dinner Special tonight: Pork Tenderloin Milanese, Wilted Spinach, Caper Hollandaise, It's ON! Jameson night is in full swing in Southie. High Marquis tasting at 10:30, and the $6 Jameson drinks are flowing until 2:00am. Come on over!, Getting ready for Jameson Night tomorrow in Southie, 10pm-2am. $6 Jameson Specialty Cocktails and $6 Picklebacks (as seen in the following Washington Post article)! Great minds think alike!, S. End Special tonight: Kurobuta Pork Belly, wilted pea tendrils, cucumber-lovage tzatziki. Soooo good! , Just served dinner and several O'Hara's Stouts to 'THE' Seamus O'Hara, tonite at the Cafe! Thx so much for coming in-we love your beer!, Billy Costa chats with Chef Brian at the Lamb Jam as Sous Chef Ross looks on adoringly., Lamb Jam 2010. The Franklin Chefs and their Luscious Loins!, South End Specials Tonight: Get em while they're hot....or cold! Appetizer: Shaved Artichoke Crudo, prosciutto de parma, preserved lemon vinaigrette. Entree: Broiled Mahi, grilled potatoes, english peas, green garlic sauce., Southie Appetizer Specials Tonight: 
French Onion Soup with melted gruyere &
Tuna Tartare with crispy Tofu and wasabi aioli.
Y.U.M.!!!, NEW BRUNCH ITEMS START SUNDAY AT FRANKLIN SOUTHIE: a) American Omelet w/ Potato & American Cheese b) Sausage & Biscuit w/ Homemade Biscuit Gravy c) Housemade Ricotta Blintz w/ Fresh Berries & Lemon Zest d) Strawberry & Mascarpone Stuffed French Toast w/ Frosted Flake Crust, Southie Special Tonight: Sea Scallop Scampi with fresh fettuccine, tomatoes, and scallions., Thanks Tony & Joanne Truchard for tasting us on the amazing Sauv Blanc made just for us. We're beyond honored and can't wait to serve it this Spring! , null, Just wanted to let everyone know that the Franklin South End, Southie, and Cape Ann locations will all be closed tonight (2/22/10) for our Staff Party. See you tomorrow! , South End Special tonight: Snake River Farms Skirt Steak, chimichurri, shoestring potato & mizuna salad., Southie Dinner Special tonight: Classic Fish & Chips with Local Haddock, Hand Cut Fries and Caper Remoulade, South End Special tonight: Grilled Atlantic Salmon, baby vegetables, charred leek vinaigrette. , A nice little piece in the Globe's G Section today, on Industry happenings. Love it!, South End Special: Braised Bone-In Tenderloin with blue cheese potato gratin & sauce au poivre, We have been nominated in Best Bar (Southie) & Best Late Night (Cafe) catagories for 2010 Phoenix "Boston's Best" poll. Please vote for us! You can go to link below, on Franklincfe.com or facebook homepage and you can vote once per day. Thanks in advance to all that vote!, South End Special tonight:  Tea Smoked Magritte Duck Breast with farro, rapini, and citrus star anise sauce. , Hope to see you in Southie tonight for our Leblon Cachaça Carnival Night from 8pm-2am! $6 Cachaça Cocktails, cheap eats, beads, masks, feather boas, and FUN!, Closeup., Hand Made mini Chorizo Sausage for Leblon Cachaca night this evening in Southie. They are very yummy., In the mood for some Tropical drinks and festivities, with all this snow coming down? We sure are! Join us tomorrow night, Thursday, February 11th for Leblon Cachaça Carnival Night in Southie from 8pm-2am for some delicious Cachaça cocktails and fun!, Hey Everyone. We've been nominated for Best Bar and Best Late Night Restaurant in the Boston Phoenix "Boston's Best" Poll. If you agree, please vote for us!, Harpoon Brewery Oyster Stout goes on draft at the Franklin in the South End tomorrow! Very limited, so hurry in -we start pouring at 5:00pm!, Don't forget to come by @FranklinCafe Southie tonight for the Super Bowl... and a "Glazed Donut Burger"! Yeah, you heard us!, South End Special: Spicy Cajun Boudin Balls with pepperocinis & whole grain mustard. Go Saints!, Dinner Special in Southie tonight: Black Pepper Seared Tuna Loin, Scallion Mashed, Citron Blanc, Field Greens, Dinner Specials Tonight!  Southie: Southern Fried Chicken, creamed pearl onions, collard greens. South End: Olive Oil Poached Salmon, shrimp & edamame succotash Looks like you're going to have two dinners tonight-good thing we serve until 1:30am!, Southie Dinner Special Tonight: Pan Roasted Local Haddock, Spiced Long Beans, Miso Butter.
South End Special: Grilled Duck Confit Pizza, Mizuna Greens, Parmesan , Come in to The Franklin South End or Southie for a Haitian Rum Punch anytime starting tonight through Sunday. All proceeds from the sale of this Barbancourt Rum cocktail will go to the IFAW (International Fund for Animal Welfare).  100% of the donated funds will go to helping the tremendous suffering of the Haitian pets and livestock., Franklin South End Special tonight: Vaudovan Spiced Lamb Brochettes with quinoa tabouli and cherry olive tapenade. , Come to the Franklin tonight, its like taking your Happy Pills., It's definitely time for a Mimosa... Come hit up Southie's Brunch today from 11am-4pm.  We have a list of yummy Brunch Cocktails, all for only $6.50!, Southie Dinner Special Tonight: Roasted Prime Sirloin, whipped celery root, hollandaise., South End Dinner Specials tonight: Appetizer: Duck Confit Dumplings with sweet chili soy sauce Entree: Grilled Mahi Mahi with braised baby vegetables and truffled shallot puree, Dinner Special in Southie tonight: Crispy Tofu & Beef Curry with mixed veggies over house made fettucini. Take THAT, old man winter!  

South End Dinner Special: Grilled Mahi Mahi with braised baby vegetables and  truffled shallot purée.  , This is the Lamb Ragu cooking last night in Southie. To be served with homemade Papardelle, yum!, Just ran out of Suntory Yamazaki 12 year Single Malt Japanese Whiskey in Southie. So glad it's getting so popular. Soooo good! Off to pick up more!, Southie Dinner Special tonight: Roasted Sirloin with squash puree and crispy red onions. Perfect to pair with a glass of Foley Charbono!, We shot several new videos that will be posted over the next few weeks. You can see them by going to franklincafe.com. This is Pete C. before his infamous "Snorting Vodka" Clip., Dinner special in Southie tonight:
"Shrimp with the Heat" 
Hand-Made Fettuccine, tomato, scallion.  

South End dinner special: 
Grilled Sardines wrapped in Serrano Ham, lemon marmalade, pickled kumquats.    , See us on MySecret Boston.com, "where the Chefs Eat", Cap'n Brunch... we love it! Check out what UrbanDaddy had to say about our Cap'n Crunch Fried Chicken., Rainy days are made for the Franklin! Come in to Southie or the South End for some rainy day comfort food., Dinner Special in Southie tonight: Panko Crusted Local Sea Scallops, caper en brodo, caramelized endive.  , Glad its almost time for Brunch, I'm starving! Come join us in Southie from 11am-4pm Sat & Sun. Try the Eggs Benedict served in a Popover!, Franklin Southie Appetizer Special tonight: House-Made Potato Gnocchi with sweet pea purée and crispy bacon. So good!! May end up on the next menu!, Another Fabulous day for Brunch! Southie serves Brunch every Saturday and Sunday from 11am-4pm. http://www.franklincafe.com/franklin-southie/brunch-menu-southie/, What a beautiful day for Brunch! Come on into Southie from 11am-4pm today and try our fantastic brunch menu! http://www.franklincafe.com/franklin-southie/brunch-menu-southie, Thanks to all who came to Chartreuse Night last night. What a blast! I can't believe just how much Chartreuse V.E.P. was consumed in such a small amount of time. Decadent!, Getting ready for Chartreuse Night in Southie tonight. 8pm-2am. $6 Chartreuse Cocktails, $7 Chartreuse VEP shots, $5 Bar Snacks starting at 9pm. Oh, hell yeah!, Famed Bartender, Joy Richard, explains her position on apple martini's made with Apple Pucker to Head Waiter Sal Dimercurio., Stop by Southie and check out the new menu tonight...a Burger and Desserts are now on the menu!!  Yeah!!, The Franklin Southie with Drinkboston.com present:

Chartreuse Night!
Thursday, January 14th, 8:00pm-2:00am

$6 Chartreuse Cocktails
fantastic original & classic recipes 

$7 Chartreuse V.E.P. Shots!
(in ice shot glasses!)

$5 Bar Snacks, starting at 9pm

Chartreuse giveaways, while they last!

And in the spirit of the charitable ways of the Monks,
bring a canned food item to be donated to the 
Greater Boston Food Bank, and you’ll be entered into
drawing for a very special gift from Chartreuse!

Franklin Southie
152 Dorchester Ave
South Boston, MA
www.franklincafe.com

And don’t forget, we’re only 1 block from the Broadway T Stop!, Well, the date for the much anticipated Chartreuse Night in Southie has finally been set, and it's coming up quick: January 14th. Stay tuned for more info!, Thanks everyone for last night, it was a blast. A Great New Year to all in 2010!, Hey all! It's New Year's Day and we're open til 2am! Steak Frites and a couple of cocktails will surely take the edge off!  , Just a heads up that we'll be closed the 24th & 25th, but will be back open on Sat the 26th, ready to help you decompress from the holidays!, Getting excited for our big NYE BASH in Southie next week! $6 Plymouth cocktails and $5 Appetizers, party hats and noise makers, French 75 Toast at midnight! Great friends and tons of fun! Can't wait!, New cocktail list at the Franklin Cafe and Franklin Southie starting tonight! Come check out some of our new wintery offerings like our Spiked Cider with cinnamon simple syrup, Eastern Promise, with house-made Chai Tea Syrup, and our yummy Apple Blossom with Harpoon Cider!, 9th Annual New Years Eve Event @ Franklin Cape Ann in Gloucester:Serving three courses w/ Champagne. Live Jazz starting at 6:30. DJ later in the evening upstairs. $50 per person. Call for reservations. 978-283-7888, Check out Joy's Apple Blossom cocktail on Boston.com  http://www.boston.com/lifestyle/food/gallery/5cocktails?pg=6.   Appearing on the new cocktail menu at both the Franklin Cafe and Franklin Southie starting on Monday, but come to Southie tonight for a preview!, Thanks to all who attended St Germain Night last night in Southie! Huge success and great fun! We blasted through 2 cases of St Germain and over 300 Island Creek Oysters. Woo hoo!, Don't forget to come to Southie tonight between 8pm-2am, for our St Germain Industry Night!  $6 St Germain Specialty Cocktails, $1 Island Creek Oysters, starting at 9pm (til we run out!) and complimentary passed hors d'oeuvres from 11pm-1am. Plus, we're serving our full dinner menu until 1:30am, as always. Hope to see you tonight!, Foley Wine Dinner was a blast. Bob Foley was circulating among the table of twenty. Brian's food was tremendous and the wines, oh the wines! Thanks for everyone who came it was too much fun. Look out for more wine dinners in future., Gearing up for very busy nights in Southie and the South End. Can't wait to see you all as you "prepare" for the holiday!, Join us for the Robert Foley Wine Dinner at Franklin Southie on Monday December 7th at 6:30 pm. Four courses and wine pairing including Bob's award winning Claret. Have dinner and talk with wine rock star and Food & Wine Magazines 2007 Wine Maker of the Year, Bob Foley! Very limited seating, $80 per person, call Phil or Dave to make reservation 617.269.1003, Thanks to all who came out to our Anniversary Party on Thursday night, and WOW, did you ALL come out!  Looking forward to another great year ahead! Thanks for all your support. We love being in Southie with you!, Franklin Southie is 1 Year Old today! Come by tonight between 10pm-2am for our Anniversary Specials. 1/2 Priced Appetizers, $2 Bubbles, and $1 PBR Tall Boys! Hope to see you soon!, Franklin Southie is turning 1 year old this Thursday! Celebrate with us from 10pm-1:30am with 1/2 Priced Appetizers, $2 glasses of Sparkling Wine and $1 PBR Tall Boys!, Franklin Southie is turning 1 year old on November 19th! Boy, time flies. Guess we should have an Anniversary Party to thank everyone for their loyal support! Stay tuned for details....., Check out our Maple Manhattan in Boston.com's - Season's Sippings: Fall 2009! http://bit.ly/4f7ioB Available in Southie and the South End!, FYI: Franklin Southie is one block from Broadway T station on the Red Line., Thanks to all of you who came out for our Fernet Industry Night last night! Amazing turnout! We look forward to planning the next one!!, Did you know that Chef Brian buys fresh apples at Lookout Farm on his way into work every day for the Roasted Local Apple & Frisee Salad in Southie?!, Franklin Southie is nominated for "dig-this-award" from the Weekly Dig, for Best Neighborhood Spot-Southie. Voteing ends soon and the winners will be in the November 11th Issue of the DIG.

Please go to Weeklydig.com, click VOTE 2009 NOW button, scroll 3/4 way down to find Best Neighborhood Spot-Southie category and vote for us! Thanks., the Southie Halloween crew will not be messed with!, Beautiful day for Brunch! Southie opens in 3 minutes, and you might even be able to get a table on the patio!, Come on in for our fantastic Dinner Specials tonight! Chef Kelly in the South End is serving up his own House Made Potato Gnocchi with lobster, chestnut shitakes, and garlic chives and Chef Brian in Southie is offering a succulent Slow Roasted Pork Shoulder served over house made pappardelle pasta, topped with creme fraiche!, Southie just hung new art! As usual we only hang South Boston Artists
at the Southie Franklin in order to support our neighborhood. Be sure
to come by the Distillery Building Open Studios this weekend to see the
work of over 50 South Boston Artists, www.southbostonopenstudios.org, The new Southie Fall menu has many soul satisfying dishes like the Wild Mushroom Mac & Cheese with Homemade Ricotta and the Housemade Potato Agnolotti with Slow Braised Shortrib. We also brought back the Spice grilled Tofu Steak with Indonesian Fried Rice!, New Fall Menu in Southie...tonight!!  Delicious fall dishes like the Roasted Vegetable & Polenta Torte and the Slow Cooked Lamb Shank with Brandy & Apricots, YUM YUM!, Fresh batch of homemade fennel sausage for the Fettucini dish in Southie!, Sure feels like fall. Come in to The Franklin South End location for a Cambridge Brewing Company "Great Pumpkin Ale"!, Perfect weather for some comfort food! Creamy Parsnip Soup and delicious Chicken Fricassee  w/ Dumplings in rich gravy at the Cafe, or maybe some Local Corn Bisque and Pancetta & Fontina Stuffed Chicken in Southie., loves The Harvard Lampoon. Great to host your Fall dinner. Glad you liked the cake Chef Brian Reyelt commissioned!, The Stuff Magazine 2009 Dining Awards Issue just came out.  We are thrilled to have won an award! Go to http://stuffboston.com/dining2009, Saturday and Sunday Brunch in Southie 11am - 4pm! Joy just put in a new brunch drink list (all cocktails $6.50). Eggs, Burgers, Huevos Rancheros, Giant Pancake, Homemade Hash and much more all around $10. TV and newspapers at bar., Crazy, busy weekend, even broke some records on Saturday! Thanks to all who came out, we love you!, Check franklincafe.com event section to see the schedule of live music at Franklin Cape Ann in Gloucester.  Jazz and contempory music on most Tuesdays, Wednesdays and Fridays., Two more weeks for the Southie patio.  Come by for Saturday or Sunday Brunch...all dogs welcome!  Photo credit goes to My Mini :-), It was a great time Saturday at the Southie Street Fair. We gave away
around 1000 portions of Sweet Corn Chowder with baby shrimp Ceviche and
it seemed to be well received. Our server Mary handed out Franklin
Southie tee-shirts to the masses while her Bulldog Zippy entertained
the crowd by skateboarding. The kids loved it. We met lots of Southie
residents (new as well as born and raised) and had a great time being a
part of our new neighborhood. Pretty cool event overall. Check out the
photo; Bunch of Grapes eating our chowder!, Visit us at the 10th Annual South Boston Street Festival! Saturday the 19th, 11:00 to 4:00pm. http://www.southbostononline.com/StreetFestival090309.cfm, " We have some Host, Server & one Bar Shift  available at Franklin Cafe & Franklin Southie. If you know of any good  candidates please call Phil at 617-269-1003.", New Fall Menu tonight in the South End.  Come check it out!  For a preview of the menu go to franklincafe.com ~ Mo, null, Franklin Southie, Fall menu coming to Southie and South End in two weeks., A few more weeks for the patio in Southie!)