List(Sorry No Cracker Jack.....But We Definitely Have Another Jack. -Louie, Text to Play. Play to Win. -Louie, Text to Play. Play to Win. -Louie, Only the Elite may enter. -Louie, null, Happy St. Patrick's Day: 
We're doing a little drinking today.
Meet you at 121 Brookline Avenue -Louie, Tis the season to be Irish.  -Louie, Made St. Pat's Plans Yet? Give us a call at (617) 449-7010 to find out more details. -Louie, You can always wrap up your weekend with one of these.  -Louie, Aren't we all a little Mad Boston?  Catch all the Madness with us. More details coming soon -Louie, We've got to enjoy the weekend more......because Monday is already right around the corner. -Louie, So every Tuesday we do this thing called #BurgerNight. If you'd never been tonight is a good time to change that. -Louie, null, Spend your #NationalMargaritaDay at a place that doesn't "do" frozen drinks. -Louie, The weekend only rolls around once a week right? Make the best of it Boston! -Louie, Keep that weekend feeling going with #BurgerNight. See you soon Boston. -Louie, Spend your off day with us. -Louie, Do something more than ordinary for Valentines Day.  Check out the Prix Fixe Menu -Louie, Cupid's Elixir is the cure for everything that ails you.  See you at 121 Brookline Avenue for yours. -Louie, Because you deserve more than ordinary. -Louie, Being Good Sucks. -Louie, Being Good Sucks.  Call (617) 449-7010 for details. -Louie, Make your plans for Sunday now. -Louie, Nothing better for you & your Tuesday than a really good burger, isn't that right Boston?  Come give  our burgers a try today and pick out your favorite for Sunday.  -Louie, We're catching the game at 121 Brookline Avenue this Sunday with burgers. You should join us! -Louie, Plans for the Big Game yet? Consider this your ticket to come out & watch the game with old fans while meeting some new ones. -Louie, null, Choose your side wisely. -Louie, Choose your side -Louie, Our NYE party will be EPIC this year!  Don't miss out on ringin' in the New Year with us., Make your plans early! Check with us for ticket packages., 'Tis the Festivus Season. We'll get you in the Holiday spirit!, null, null, Your Home When You're Away From Home. -Louie, null, Beer+Football= Sweet Weekend @ Bar Louie, Kick off the holiday season right. With booze.  Sounds freakin’ sweet right? Miss it, and you’ll be on the naughty list., Happy #NationalCheeseburgerDay -Louie, Need an excuse to be at Bar Louie this Sunday OTHER than football?? Well check this out., null, null, Need an excuse to be at Bar Louie on Sunday? Well what if I told you that we will be offering $3 Select Apps all season? What if I told you that your creepy neighbor can't find you here? Oh, and there is football too., Have you decided what to do with your #LaborDay yet? -Louie, 1 in 5 kids in America struggle with hunger, and we need your help to fix that. With every $2 donation made, we're giving you a $5 offer to use during any visit during the month of Oct. -Louie, Today is #InternationalBeerDay. How do you prefer your brewski? Bottled, Drafts, Domestic, Imported?? -Louie, #TeamUSA & #BurgerNight Damn this might be an Epic Tuesday! -Louie, Have you tried our Spaingarita yet?? -Louie, Have you tried our Strawberry Margarita? Yes, well have you tried it on our Patio?  -Louie, Looking for the perfect drink to compliment that the weekend is almost here? Try our newest limited addition - Strawberry Fields!, Nothing Like Watching The Game & Having A Brew......On #BurgerNight -Louie, Baseball & Beer......#OpeningDay -Louie, Have you heard the news yet about our #MobileMob TEXT "MOB" to 52051 for more details &  to get a FREE Appetizer before the Final Four starts -Louie, Sixteen Teams Left Sounds Pretty Sweet Right? It is! So does Bar Louie Before, During, & After The Game. See ya there -Louie #MarchMadness, Catch Northeastern University & All of the #MarchMadness with us!, Green Beer & A Great Burger! What more do you need for a rad St. Patty's Day? -Louie, "A Green Beer & A Good Burger are the Two Best Cures for Anything"-Louie, Who Wants One? #BurgerNight, Fortunately, chilly temps don't mean you have to spend the night hibernating at home under a blanket. Bar Louie is literally smokin' with great weekly events and delicious food. So ask us mix up your favorite wintery cocktail, and introduce you to someone new at the bar., This is what waiting for wine looks like at Bar Louie #NationalDrinkWineDay, A little snow never stopped one of Louie's Bashes, especially #FatTuesday, Can't wait to be bad again? Don't miss your chance! Tomorrow we combine Burger Night with #FatTuesday. Don't miss it!, We want to thank everyone who came out to our #ScrewCupid Bash! We truly had a blast and we hope you did too! See you for #FatTuesday, This Tuesday is gonna be Epic! Fat Tuesday & Burger Night!! ......Friggin' Sweet, Are you stopping by before or after #50shades to check out our Red Room for a little S&M #ScrewCupid, Look who stop by last night  #TheGronk, Gotta Fat Deal for ya for the last Hurrah going down on Fat Tuesday, #BeingGoodSucks Can't wait to be bad again? Be here for Fat Tuesday and let your hair down., Be mesmerized by the sensual effects of our Red Room & S&M drinks. See you Saturday #ScrewCupid #50Shades, Have you tried the new drinks on our February menu? The Red Room & The S&M. Try to restrain yourself….or someone else at the bar this weekend #ScrewCupid #50Shades, Our Thin, Crispy & Damn Delicious Flatbreads & select Apps are 1/2 price during Happy Hour, Big Juicy Burgers are waiting for you now and each and every Tuesday night. Burger Night Rules, Avocados are HOT! Bar Louie has NEW Avocado Fries that are like mini touchdowns in your mouth. Score some with your favorite drink, Kickoff is moments away. That means you still have time to get down here and grab a big ass burger and a cold brew, PreGame officially starts now! Come on down for the best drinks and food., Score a TOUCHDOWN with us tomorrow as we serve ice cold brews and FULLY INFLATED burgers., Friends Football Fireball! Do you really need anything else for a good time? See you Sunday., Sing it with us... and then celebrate with a martini!

Ohhhhhh, we're half way there!!, Mondays don't have to be blue! Spice things up with our scrumptious Sesame Encrusted Ahi Tuna, drizzled with our delicious house-made szechwan sauce!, Avocado Fries - you should probably join us today and enjoy these tasty treats. One delicious bite after another!, It's Saturday - we think that's reason enough to treat yourself to lunch with Louie!, Get a babysitter and have yourself a date night, girls night, or guys night out with Louie tonight. Great atmosphere, delicious food and tasty beverages., Hear that??

That's happy hour calling your name!, S'mores Martini - the perfect end to your long work day!, Say hello to our Blackened Salmon Sliders - serving up some deliciousness for you today and everyday!, Give into the Pear Pressure and come to Bar Louie for a tasty Hump Day treat!, Have you fried our scrumptious Tempura Shrimp yet? Not to mention, our house made dipping sauces - szechwan, thai chili-lime and buffalo!, Tuesday means Burger Night!! What are you waiting for, get down here!!, Hey you!! It's almost the weekend! 

Celebrate with CranApple Sin-gria by the glass or pitcher!, So... you made some resolutions, did ya? Well... we're here to help you keep or break 'em. It's all up to you. But we're of the mindset that resolutions were meant to be broken. This may help you decide which direction to go: http://barlouie.com/resolutions/, Allow us to introduce you to another one of our new Limited Additions! 

Say hello to our delicious Sesame Chicken Lettuce Wraps!!, It's the first burger night of 2015! Which one will you have for your first Tuesday night of the year?, Sneak peek at one of our favorite new limited additions! 

Our Avocado Fries, served with Chipotle Mayo! Come check this and all the other tasty additions starting tomorrow., An Effen Good Monday to you!, Football + Bar Louie = Great Sunday!!, Is your resolution to have more fruit? We've got just the right thing for you... our Strawberry Lemonade Sangria!, New Year's resolution to eat more salad - we've got you covered!, Congratulations, you survived 2014!!!

Recover from your night at Bar Louie with this breakfast of champions!, Happy New Year to all our amazing Bar Louie friends & family! We hope you have a fantastic 2015 and cannot wait to be a part of the fun. 

Be safe getting home tonight - don't be afraid to ask your bartenders to call you a cab!, Don't spend the holidays feeling worn out and crappy... Come to Bar Louie! Eat. Drink. Be Happy! http://youtu.be/xPw9edTPfSY, Happy Hour just got jollier! Check out our Jack Frost martini!, Don't forget that New Year's Eve is just around the corner! Get your tickets today so you can check that off your to-do list!, Even if you've been naughty - Louie doesn't judge! Bring your favorite partners in crime and celebrate the holidays with us!, Best part about Tuesdays? 

Burger night!!, Bar Louie is gearing up for 2015! Join us for our New Year's Eve bash - includes a champagne toast at midnight! Get your tickets before we sell out!, Holiday Party Fact #18
Your annual office party rendition of D*ck-In-A-Box is somehow not the most embarrassing thing about working with you.

Book your office holiday party at Bar Louie. Holiday songs welcome., Holiday Party Fact #5
Everyone LOVES your mistletoe hijinks.

Book your office holiday party at Bar Louie. Mistletoe welcome., Holiday Party Fact #10
Yes. You look creepy in that hat.

Book your office holiday party at Bar Louie. Creepy hats welcome., Holiday Party Fact #30
That sweater is no uglier than the ones you usually wear.

Book your office holiday party at Bar Louie. Ugly sweaters welcome., Holiday Party Fact #27
The copier would prefer it if you take your office party out of the office., Let Louie set up the perfect holiday party for you and yours! Just give us a call, or better yet, stop in to learn about our packages!, Oh the weather outside is... making us thirsty! 

Try one of our favorite Sips of the Season --- The Jack Frost martini!, Plan your holiday party with Louie!, Happy Days are BEER again! Celebrate the 81st anniversary of Prohibition Repeal with Louie & the gang tonight! Dress for the times and enjoy old fashioned cocktails!

After all, it's Friday and you can procrastinate on your holiday shopping for one more night., Still looking for the perfect spot to book your holiday party? Look no further!!, Dressed to impress!Louie's got the best Prohibition Repeal Party for you this Friday!, Only few more days to celebrate on Dec 5th prohibition repealed!!, Tired of the Thanksgiving leftovers yet? It's burger night here at Louie!, Whether it's an Ugly Sweater, Secret Santa or White Elephant themed, book your holiday party with Bar Louie!, Step back in time with Bar Louie this Friday at our Prohibition Repeal Day Party!!! We'll be dressed to impress with our roaring 20's attire! There will also be spectacular time-inspired drinks and music!, Rivalry weekend in football... we've got your favorite beers, grub & games on tap!, Has holiday shopping gotten the best of you? You deserve a break!, T'was the night before Thanksgiving and all through the bar, the cocktails were flowing while old friends were in town from afar. 

We'll see you tonight!!, With all the cooking you'll be doing Thursday, let Louie cook for you tonight! It's burger night!!, Almost time for $5dollar signature burgers at Bar Louie Fenway!! Starts at 5pm goes all night!, Sometimes you need a break from family time. We'll open our doors at 4pm on Thanksgiving, just in case that applies to you., Raise the bar for your Monday happy hour!, Best part of your workday this Monday? Lunch with Louie!, Catch all the games and upgrade your football watching experience at Bar Louie with the best selection of apps, crafts, and burgers in town, Whether it's for your work buddies, book club, friends or family... Louie would love to help you plan your holiday parties this season!, We've got all your favorite college ball games. Oh, and this delicious meal in a glass.

Mmmm..., It's Friday, treat yourself to an extra fun lunch at Bar Louie! We won't tell your boss if you have a martini or two..., After the turkey, stuffing and quality family time - take a break with Louie. We'll be open at 4pm on Thanksgiving afternoon!, $5 Burgers tonight from 5pm to close!!!, null, If you haven't already heard, we are offering all our active and retired military a FREE appetizer or entree (up to $12 value) all day today in honor of Veteran's Day! We love our troops!, In honor of Veteran's Day, all active and retired military members are invited to join us today and tomorrow for a FREE appetizer or entree (up to $12 value)!, Bar Louie salutes all our active and retired military this Veteran's Day with a FREE appetizer or entree on Monday, Nov 10th & Tuesday Nov 11th., null, Mondays are the worst. How about a piece of our oversized Chocolate Cake to pick your day up?!, Happy HaLouween from the Day of The Dead team in Fenway!!, Trick or Treat with us this HalLOUween! 

Dress up and get down with Louie tonight! We have Candy Corn Martinis and Jolly Rancher, Sweet Tart & Tootsie Roll shots!, Half way through the week, come join us for happy hour 4-7 for half priced apps at Fenway, It's been one hell of a series. Come see how it all ends with us tonight, and enjoy your favorite delicious food and frosty beverages!, Come down tonight for the first Tuesday night of a Bar Louie staple...$5 Dollar burgers, It may only be lunch time, but rest assured, we've got dinner covered! 

IT'S BURGER NIGHT!! $5 Specialty Burgers with tots or fries, tonight and Every Tuesday at Bar Louie Fenway from 5PM to close!, $5 Burgers every Tuesday from 5pm to close starting today!! Best deal in Boston - choose from any one of our specialty burgers with your choice of fries or tater tots, just $5! 

You can also switch up your protein for no cost: choose from beef, portabella, chicken breast or turkey burger!, Ice cold beer, appetizers and football!!, Make it a happy Monday..., #LunchWithLouie, Catch Game 1 with Louie tonight! Who will you be rooting for?!, Which one of our made in-house dipping sauces is your favorite with our Tempura Shrimp? 

Szechwan, Thai-Chili Lime or Buffalo?!, It's Friday. You've earned one (or two, or three) of these!!, Lunch with Louie!!, Thursday night football in New England!! Follow the neon martini to Bar Louie to get the party started!, You're half way to the weekend! Celebrate with Happy Hour at Bar Louie!, Half price happy hour apps today from 4-7pm!, null, The TOT drops @ 8....  Who's bringing home the Lord Louie Cup!!??

Registration @ 6:30, It's time!!! Rock The Tot is tonight at 8PM. Want to compete? There's still time to download your registration forms from rockthetot.com and turn them in by 7:30PM tonight! Want to watch the frenzy? Get to Bar Louie early and get a seat for the greatest food eating competition in the world! #RockTheTot, Who plans on taking home the amazing "Lord Louie Tater Tot Cup" tonight @ 8:00!!??

Registration @ 6:30, Join us tomorrow night for our annual Rock the Tot night at Bar Louie Fenway! Solo and Team relay competition. Spots still available! How many tots can you eat?, Make a date with Bar Louie's Limited Additions Greatest Hits! The best of the best are back for a limited time. Get in and get your fix on the most out there concoctions created this year. Procrastination is not your friend!, Have you signed up for #RockTheTot Yet? No? Get to it... It's this Thursday! Sign up for Team Relays and Solo Competitions. The prizes are incredible. Get your forms at find our more at www.RockTheTot.com. Not competing? Get down to Bar Louie and watch the food frenzy this Thursday at 8PM!, Only one week till Rock the Tot call and sign up today to secure a spot...they are going fast!, Come split our limited menu Pear Pig N Fig flatbread with a co-worker after work today at Louie., Only 10 days until the World’s Greatest Eating Competition! Have you registered yet? Forms, rules and waivers at www.RockTheTot.com. Get to it!, Louie loves Sliders! Come join us for lunch today and try one of our Limited Menu Ckix Parm Sliders, Bar Louie has got your craving for burgers covered head in for a Fried Louie after the game today., Ultimate answer to a hangover before the ball game is our Ultimate Bloody Louie!, Come in after the game for some Brisket Sliders with our world famous Peach Moonshine Sauce...so Boozy!, Strawberry Lemonade Sangria Saturdays all day at Bar Louie Fenway!, Rock the Tot is only days away!! Stop in for more info or just to sign up...lots of fun stuff to win., Its the greatest of all our limited menu items all weekend come in and taste why they are Numero Uno!, Come in for lunch and try our light and tasty BLT flatbread!, Anyone up for some smoked Turkey Sliders...yumm!, Greatest Hits keep coming..come try our Brisket sliders again at Bar Louie Fenway, Anyone up for some short rib sliders? Greatest hits of the last year are back, null, Your Mouth has voted and we have heard it loud and clear...today starts are launch of our greatest hits menu! Come down and try our Pear, Pig N Fig Flatbread and many more!, Come down for "No Kid Hungry."  All donations go to Boston area children.  For all donations over $2 we will give out a $5 bounce backs., Suns out in Fenway and the French Doors are wide open...come sip on one of our amazing sangrias and do some people watching on Brookline Ave at the park., Bar Louie Fenway is ready for the weekend...where you at @ Boston!, Pssss...What's almost as good as national Martini Day at Louie? Well the best darn eating contest ever! Rock the Tot will be hitting Fenway by storm Oct 9th! Details coming soon from team Fenway., Only a few more hours left.....tell, Come join us at Bar Louie Fenway for National Cheeseburger Day, To clarify its $5 dollar burgers from 5pm to close this Thursday for national Burger Day., Come Join us at Bar Louie Fenway from 5pm to close for $5 dollar Signature burgers from 5pm to close!, Join us for Happy Hour Monday-Friday from 4PM-7PM!
1/2 price Select Apps
1/2 Price Flatbreads, almost game time....cut out early and beat the masses to Fenway our team is waiting for you!, Come down make a small dollar donation to feed hungry kids get $5 dollar bounce back all while watching your favorite hometown Team take on Baltimore, Get Ready. 9.7.2014, Cheers to the freakin' weekend!, Hungry yet?, null, Sangria on a Wednesday? Why not!?, Louie's got lunch covered!, We will be open at 10am for the USA vs. Germany match! Come cheer on USA with Bar Louie! #1N1T

Match starts at Noon

Eat. Drink. Be Happy., Watch USA vs. Portugal at Bar Louie!  

#OneNationOneTeam, Ahi Tuna Nicoise Salad #LimitedAdditions #LunchWithLouie, National Martini Day - 6/19

Whether you prefer them dirty, shaken, extra dry or two at a time... Louie's got you covered., Beef Brisket Sliders!! New!! New!! #LunchWithLouie, null, Orange Bubbly Sangria - get this deliciously refreshing new cocktail starting today & enjoy with your hump day!, What's your favorite dipping sauce with our Bavarian Pretzels Sticks? Queso, Honey Mustard or Cinnamon Butter?, Pssst... Here's a sneak peek at one of our newest menu items! 

BLT Flatbread is available starting tomorrow!, Cure those Monday blues with a little margarita action!, Who needs brunch when you can have this?! #SundayFundayWithLouie, Hungry yet?

#LunchWithLouie, TGIF!! Who else is ready for our much deserved weekend cocktails!, Cinco de Drinko… May 5th with Bar Louie!

$10 4 Tacos Platos
$10 Mexican Sunrise
$10 Mezcal Chicken (NEW! Limited Addition!)

Eat. Drink. Be Happy, The puck drops at 7:30pm!  Stop in and watch Game 3 with us!, Have you tried our newest flatbread yet? Pear, Pig-n-Fig!, Rough Monday? A tasty pitcher of our newest Sangria will cure that for you!, null, Get a Sneak Peek of our New Limited Additions Menu!, null, Happy St. Patrick's Day!

Bar Louie presents Mr. Shamrock Hands

#GetLuckyWithLouie, Bar Louie presents Irish Wisdom

#GetLuckyWithLouie, Sham Rock It Out! Celebrate St. Patrick's Day with us all weekend long! 

#GetLuckyWithLouie, Who's ready for our biggest party weekend of the year! 

#GetLuckywithLouie, Irish Wisdom - Green Beer

#GetLuckyWithLouie, #GetLuckyWithLouie, Bar Louie Presents Irish Wisdom

#GetLuckyWithLouie , You don't have to be Irish to Get Lucky With Louie! 

Green Beer, Irish Whiskey, and Car Bombs!

#GetLuckyWithLouie, null, Time to unmask your inner troublemaker! #FatTuesday, USA v. Canada - Get here!, Root on our guys as the continue on their road for the GOLD! 

Go ahead, take a long lunch with Louie. You've earned it!!

America... Puck Yeah!!, Grand Lemon Drop - It's 5 o'clock somewhere!, Short Rib Sliders! #LunchWithLouie, Grab your beads and get here for our Fat Tuesday bash March 4th!, A little something to brighten your Monday - a dish with whiskey in it's glaze! Stop in today to try our Old Fashioned Chicken!, Put on your party pants and join us tonight while we wholeheartedly celebrate the bachelors, spinsters, one-night-standers,
and singles of from all walks of life. #SinglesUnite, Looking to snuggle up with something sweet tomorrow? How about this All You Need Is Chocolate martini?! #SinglesUnite, Short Rib Sliders #LunchWithLouie, We've got you covered on Friday night... join us for a 'It's Not Me It's You' shot and avoid all the mushy romance stuff., Chicken Satay: grilled chicken served with spicy peanut sauce!

#LimitedAdditions #MoreLikeAddiction, null, Lunch is served!, Don't have a date for the 14th? We've got you covered.

The annual holiday that everyone LOVES to HATE is here again. While the couples of the world are choking on chocolates, flowers and greeting cards, Bar Louie is going to celebrate the bachelors, spinsters, one-night-standers,and singles from all walks of life., Mustard Encrusted Hanger Steak - roasted red potatoes, steamed spinach, marinated mushrooms and smokey horseradish sauce! Just another one of our delicious new menu additions you can try beginning today!, Starting tomorrow you can check out all five of our delicious new menu items. This is our Spinach Asiago Flatbread - creamed spinach and artichokes, portabella mushrooms, red
pepper flakes, asiago cheese!, New limited time menu items come out on Thursday! Here's a sneak peak of one of our delicious dishes - Chicken Satay- grilled chicken served with spicy peanut sauce!!, Lunch with Louie!, TGIF!, We're overflowing with excitement - it's almost the weekend!!, #LunchWithLouie, Happening right now.... get here!!!, Join us for lunch, dinner or late night to enjoy any of our delicious dishes!, Get down here now and enjoy our week long specials (ending on Saturday)! We've got $5 Signature Martinis, $3 Apps & Flatbreads & $1 PBR Drafts! 

Best deals in Boston!, Martini Mondays... we can get behind that., Go Big with us Sunday January 19th thru Saturday, January 25th!

$5 Signature Martinis 
$3 Apps & Flatbreads
$1 PBR 14oz. Drafts

Eat. Drink. Be Happy.

(available at Bar Louie Fenway only), Thirsty Thursday!, It's a great day for a martini!!, We've got the games, and some delicious game time snacks! Get here soon!, Get happy, it's the freakin' weekend!, Kick back this Saturday with our Sesame Encrusted Ahi Tuna and a glass (or bottle) of wine!, The weekend is here! What will you do to celebrate?, Get out of the house and into Bar Louie! Our kitchen serves our full menu until close 7 nights a week!, Get wrapped up in your lunch with Louie!, Drunken Fish & Chips!, If we could have this for breakfast everyday, we would!, Every hump day deserves a happy ending., Lunch is served!, Get Happy with Louie., Monday lunch - the salad is optional. :), Playoff games + Ultimate Bloody Louie = Sunday Funday!, Our Mexican Sunrise is ahhmazing - and doubles as a great hangover helper., Kick off the New Year with a grand start - the Grand Lemon Drop!, Have you tried our Tempura Shrimp yet? It comes with our delicious house-made chili-lime, buffalo & szechwan sauces!, Dinner with Louie - our Caesar Salad with Grilled Shrimp!, Happy first Friday of the year! Come celebrate with a delicious lunch like our Meatball Hoagie!, New Years Resolution to eat healthier? Louie's got some great options to help you stay on track!, Happy New Year, friends! 

We're toasting to an exciting, healthy and safe 2014. Looking forward to seeing all of you in this new year!, Today is the big day! Ring in the New Year with Louie and your friends - what better way to start 2014?!, Lunch before the big night - Louie's got that covered!

P.S. - Have you heard about our NYE Party tonight?!, Haven't made NYE plans yet? Ring in the New Year with Louie! Contact us for package info! www.barlouieamerica.com, Still looking for something to do for New Years Eve? Louie's throwing an amazing party - swing by for details & tickets!, We are open and ready to shake up the perfect martini for you! Kick back and enjoy The Fizz martini with us tonight!, Get in the Holiday Spirits at Bar Louie!, Merry Christmas from the Bar Louie Family!, Give yourself (and your kitchen) a break. Let Louie make dinner for you tonight... you've earned it!, Don't panic! Louie's got the perfect last minute gift., 11 days left until New Years Eve! Don't be a procrastinator - Get your tickets today before they sell out!, Pure genius! And after you get bored of that, come to Bar Louie and treat yourself to a celebratory cocktail or two!, Where will you be ringing in 2014? Louie has an amazing party planned... get your tickets early!, Is it happy hour yet? #MondayMartinis, Do you have your big night planned yet? Stop in or call us for more details on the hottest New Years Eve party!, Order your Bar Louie Gift Cards by December 19th to receive them by Christmas! http://bit.ly/BLGiftCards, "I'm not superstitious, but I am a little stitious."

Who can name that show & character?! P.S. Happy Friday the 13th!, Book those last minute Secret Santa or White Elephant gift exchanges at Bar Louie! What's the best White Elephant gift you've ever given/received??, Louie's forecast calls for a 100% chance of delicious martinis in near your future!, Louie & his team are READY to celebrate Prohibition Repeal Day like it's 1933!, Get your Great Gatsby on with us tomorrow..., Don't miss the party that's been brewing for 80 years!, Who else is ready to celebrate Prohibition Repeal with us on Thursday!?, Take a break from shopping and enjoy lunch and Sips of the Season at Bar Louie!, Order your Bar Louie Gift Cards today! http://bit.ly/BLGiftCards  #GiftCards, Happy Thanksgiving from the Bar Louie Family!, Need a little R&R from the family? We're open for that., Wind nipping your nose? Stop in for our Jack Frost martini!!, Come watch your favorite teams play at Bar Louie!, Tennessee Whiskey Cake - You know it's a good dessert when you must be 21 to order it., May we suggest a liquid lunch on this fabulous Friday?! Oh, and our delicious Chicken Pot Pie soup, too!, Thirsty Thursday? Like we need an excuse..., Celebrating Prohibition Repeal in style!!, We're here if you need a little relative relief - and haven't succumbed to a turkey nap!, null, Mojito Mondays!! Can we make this a thing?, Shake off your hangover and join us for Sunday Funday! We've got all the games and a Bloody Mary that'll knock your socks off!, Book your holiday party with Bar Louie! We have amazing party packages for all budgets!, Lunch is served!, A small token of gratitude to all our active military & veterans - free lunch or dinner on Louie today! 

Thank you for all you've done and continue to do for us!, Veterans and Active Military...Enjoy Lunch or Dinner on Louie!, Honoring All Who Served, It's almost Friday - let's celebrate by enjoying a little vino with lunch! :), Too many to pick just one... #happyhourproblems, Is your stomach growling yet?, Fish Tacos for lunch!!, Honoring All Who Served, Q: How do you make sure it's an EFFEN GOOD Friday?

A: Enjoy an Effen Good martini with Louie!!, Housemade Tortilla Soup for lunch... that sounds perfect today!, Happy Halloween! We've got some spirits behind the bar that are calling your name..., Pardon us... we haven't been to bed yet. Too busy celebrating our Boston boys all night long. Who else hasn't been to bed yet?!, World Series Champs!!!!!!  Time to celebrate Boston!!!, Watch the game with us tonight! We promise we won't drink your drink... well, we promise to try really hard not to., Lunch with Louie!!, GO SOX! 

Get here early for and stay late!, It's Game Day!!! Who's ready for Game 1 tonight?!, Have you tried our delicous pan-seared potstickers drizzled with our homemade szechwan sauce?!?, We mustache you a question - doesn't this Coconut Mint Lemonade look like the perfect Monday Pick-me-up?!, NFL Ticket + Ultimate Bloody Louie = Sunday Funday, How do you celebrate Friday?, Let Louie whip you up some lunch today!, Monday. Martinis. 

Both start with a m's. 

Coincidence?? We think not., Get stuffed while you watch some football with Louie!, Drink me., Catch all the games and excitement with us tonight!, Guess who is half price during happy hour?? This guy! Try our delicious Firecracker Flatbread for a spicy treat after work!, Want to lighten up lunch today... try our Bruschetta Pomodoro with Grilled Shrimp!, Wouldn't you agree??, Lunch is served..., It's Friday people, what are you waiting for?!, Come one, come all... enjoy happy hour with Louie before the big game tonight!, Baseball, burgers & beer, oh my! 

We've got the Wildcard NL Game tonight - who are you rooting for?!, We're counting down to happy hour already... anyone else?, How about S'mores for lunch today??, null, A million thanks simply wouldn't be enough to convey how much we appreciate all the hard work each of you put into making this Grand Opening weekend such a success! Let's rock Fenway! 

P.S. Tag yourself if you're in any of these photos!, Like this post if you joined us for our opening weekend!!, Here's to another Monday..., null, null, Oh you know... just a little team bonding while we wrap up training!, The neon is up! It's almost time, Boston!! Are you ready?!, null, null, null, Is that a rhetorical question?, It's here! It's finally here! We are opening our doors on Saturday at 11am! 

Who's coming in to help us celebrate the second best Opening Day in Boston?!, null, null, www.louiewantsyou.com, It's nearly Friday... you've earned a few of these., It's Sunday Funday - why not get loaded?, We're berry excited to open our doors to the Boston community! While you're waiting, check out our delicious Berry Mojito!, Louie's light and spicy Adobo Shrimp Skewers pair great with a few happy hour adult beverages!, Opening in Mid-September... who else is ready to dive into our handcrafted cocktails?!?, We mustache you a question... doesn't our Coconut Mint Lemonade look deliciously refreshing?!, Coming to Fenway very soon..., Bar Louie Fenway's job fair started this week! Monday through Saturday 10am-7pm at 132 Brookline Avenue - 2nd Floor

Fill out your application online at www.louiewantsyou.com/?page_id=6, A little birdie told us your boss thinks a liquid lunch is a great idea!, If you're happy and you know it... word of advice, set down your drink before you clap your hands., Why choose just one martini when you can try them all?, What's your favorite salad at Bar Louie? We are loving our Chop Chop salad with the warm weather!!, Breakfast of champions! Who's ready for our Ultimate Bloody Louie?!, Don't you do it..., Sometimes you just need a margarita..., Martinis & patios make us happy!, Memorial Day weekend is here! A toast to all the men & women in the US Armed Forces who sacrificed their lives so we could live ours in this amazing country! Cheers!, Introducing our Peruvian Martini!

Pisco Portón, Grand Marnier, lemon & lime juices, agave nectar., Whether you choose Vodka or Gin - the Rat Pack martini is a great way to kick off your Saturday!! Can you name some of the founding members of the original Rat Pack??, Check out some (or all) of our new handcrafted martinis! Get exotic with our Peruvian martini, get naughty with our Original Cin martini or go old school with our Rat Pack martini. Either way, you're bound to love them as much as we do!, null)