List(To our friends in Arlington and beyond, 

After 6 years, our story ends in Arlington but Comella's continues to grow...

We will be opening a new 100 seat, full bar in Bedford & also in Hingham this year!

In the meantime, visit us 1.5 miles away at our spacious, newly remodeled 70 seat Comella's @ 43 Leonard St, Belmont!  

We thank you sincerely & look forward to seeing you at any of our 14 locations!!

-The Comella's

PS - Show an Arlington ID (Belmont store only) & get a FREE 16" Cheese Pizza with any purchase!, Never go hungry. Order food easier and faster with our NEW app!

Text COMELLA to 33733 to download now!, A very special birthday dinner for Uncle T!, Online ordering is now live for our Wellesley location! 

Start your order now:
https://facebook.chownow.com/search/locationPicker?company_id=1860, You can now place mobile orders for the Concord location!

Text COMELLA to 33733 to download our app!

By participating, you consent to receive text messages sent by an automatic telephone dialing system. Consent to these terms is not a condition of purchase., Online ordering is live for our Concord location!

Order online now: https://facebook.chownow.com/search/locationPicker?company_id=1860, Love the grilled chicken Caesar wrap!  The dressing is awesome!, Comella's at Fenway!, Come see us! We are here all month!, All stores will be open by 1 pm, some before then. Please call your local store for time. 

Great day for mess...and a beer, come on down, we'll be there!, Super Bowl Sunday! 

Call and place your orders for pizza and wings early

Go Pats!, Get 10% off your first order placed through our NEW app! 

Text COMELLA to 33733 to download now.

Offer valid on first online or mobile order for a limited time for the Chestnut Hill and Natick locations only. By participating, you consent to receive text messages sent by an automatic telephone dialing system. Consent to these terms is not a condition of purchase., BIG NEWS! We just launched online ordering for our Natick and Chestnut Hill locations. 

Order now and get 10% off your first online order!
https://facebook.chownow.com/search/locationPicker?company_id=1860

Offer valid on online or mobile orders for a limited time only., Our newest location in Westwood is open! 
745 High St 
781-461-0800, Comella's in Westwood will be open Wednesday!, null, Everyones favorite !, null, Come see us at the Phantom Gourmet Food Festival today !, Monday night football is back!  Don't forget to try an order of our delicious wings!, Our Antipasto salad !, Thanks for nominations from friends that urged us to join the fight against ALS and particapte in the  #IceBucketChallenge. We accept and also nominate the Old School Italian Pizzeria, The Linden Store, and The Real Deal You have 24 hours. Good luck! Don't forget to donate! #wearebc #fighton, Have you tried our cookies yet? Available in Concord & Wellesley!, Comella's in Westwood is coming soon!, Our Comella's Special Italian!, Try our new Comella's Balsamic!, null, Let's Go Boston Bruins !, Happy Marathon Monday! 
Best of luck to all of the runners today!, Comella's of Marblehead salutes our "Hometown Hero" Shalane Flanagan as she attempts to become the first American runner to win the Boston Marathon since 1985. Good luck Shalane!, We are closed Easter Sunday. Call and place your orders to pick up on Saturday! We are open 11-9., Spring has Sprung! 
Peyton's Pick pizza, Our thoughts and prayers are with the family and friends of Lt. Edward Walsh and Firefighter Michael Kennedy, and all of the Boston Fire Department., Jason Sudeikis eats at Comella's when he is in Concord! 

http://www.people.com/people/article/0,,20800132,00.html, We have new menu items!

Cobb Salad, Wedge Salad, French Fries, and Bacon as a pizza topping!, Watching the Super Bowl? 
Order with Comella's! 

Try our Pizza, Gluten Free Pizza, Calzones, and Wings!, Happy New Year! 
We are open regular hours today!
11:30am - 9pm, Don't forget to place your Holiday orders. 
We will be open from 10-4 on Christmas Eve!, Concord is now open! 
33 Main St (978) 369-9555, Comella's gift cards make the perfect gift!, It's Friday!! Call ahead for pizza!, 'Like' if you like our pizza!!, Let us do the cooking tonight! Try our delicious Mess!, Thank you to everyone that came to see us at the Phantom Gourmet festival.  We are always happy to be apart of it and can't wait for next year!!!!  #Phantom #Comellas #Family, We are extremely happy to announce the opening of our newest location in Melrose, MA!!!!!  You can find us at 478 Main Street., New season, new beginnings, come try our delicious new menu items!!!!!, Thank you Boston College for allowing us to be apart of the "Taste of Off Campus"  #GoEagles #EatLikeOurFamily #Mess, From all of us at Comellas, our condolences to all of those affected by this tragedy.  #NeverForget #USA, Mmmmm Fettuccine Alfredo, so amazing!!!!!  #EatLikeOurFamily #Comellas, We are always proud of our staff at all of our locations!  #Sisters #Concord #Arlington #EatLikeOurFamily, Fall is almost upon us fans and you know what that means.  Why not pick up a few of our amazing meatballs to fill up!!!!!, Shrimp Garden Salad, that spells yum!!!!!  #EatLikeOurFamily #Sunday #GameChanger, Hear that fans?  Sounds like the dinner bell is ringing, don't forget to try our amazing new wings!!!!!   #Wings #DinnerBell #EatLikeOurFamily #TGIF, Need a change of pace?  Try our delicious antipasto salad today!!!!!  #EatLikeOurFamily #Comellas, Its Friday!!!!  You know what that means, lets us help you take the edge off dinner tonight, call ahead to reserve one of our amazing pizzas!!!!, All Business #BCFootball #FeedBC #NoPainNoGain #Comellas, Summer heat not enough for you?  Try our new amazing Buffalo Wings!!!!, Dog days of Summer?  Cool off with our delicious Chicken Caesar Wrap!!!!!, Hey Fans, we are happy to announce that all of our locations, except West Newton, are now serving Gluten-Free Pizza!!!!, Just a reminder fans to ask about our new Honey BBQ, Buffalo, and Naked wings being served at all of our locations!!!, Don't forget fans to try our new wheat sandwich wrap!!!!, Hey fans we are excited to announce that we are now serving Artisan Bread as well as a Braided Roll!!!!, Hey fans we are happy to announce that our Chestnut Hill location is now serving Gluten Free Pizza starting today.  Our West Roxbury location will be serving Gluten Free Pizza starting tomorrow!!!, We are happy to announce that our Wellesley location is now serving Gluten-Free Pizza!!!!, Ask and you shall receive, we are extremely happy to announce that we are now serving Honey BBQ Wings, Buffalo Wings, and Naked Wings at all of our locations!!!!, Hey Fans just to update you on our sandwich wraps, you can now find them in our Natick, Marblehead, Belmont, and Arlington locations!!!!!  #Wraps #NewItem, That's one good looking pizza!!!!  #OurFamily #Needham #ComellasPizza, Just a reminder that all of our locations will be closed for the 4th of July but will be open on the 5th, Happy 4th of July!!!!  #USA #Comellas, It all starts with the Family #OurFamily #Marblehead, Working Hard!!!!!  #Teamwork #Ourfamily, Hey Fans is the heat getting to you?  Try one of our fresh salads to help stay cool!!!!, Having a Stanley Cup Finals Party?  Call any of our locations and ask about our Party Platters!!!!!  #Comellas #GoBruins, Big shout out to Jim, our Marblehead manager for stepping into the kitchen to help out.  We are proud of our dedicated managers like Jim, Looking forward to an amazing summer at our Needham location, keep an eye out for your favorite Comella's employees!!!!, Coming to you from Chestnut Hill wishing everyone a safe and fun summer!!!!!, Hey fans do you have a Summer Birthday? Stressed over all the logistics?  Let us help you with the food side of things.  Call us and ask about our amazing $5 Large Cheese Pizza and our 9inch Gluten Free Pizza!!!, Even though our Concord location will be closed for a few months, you can still place all your catering orders through our Arlington location!!!! You can find us at 202 Mass Ave, Arlington (781)-646-3000.  We want to thank all of our amazing fans for their understand., Our Concord location will reopen this August on 33 Main St with more seating and our same amazing service!!!!, Our Concord location will be closing on Tuesday May 28th, we want to thank all of our customers for their continued business and support., Hey Comella's fan, be on the look out for our new salad wraps!!!!, As we say congratulations to the Class of 2013, we at Comellas would love to add to the joy of the occasion, so remember to call us for all your catering needs!!!!, Hey fans we are excited to announce that at our Natick and Marblehead locations we are serving Salad and Sandwich Wraps!!!!, College kids home?  Nothing says welcome back like our home made lasagna!!!!, All of us at Comellas would like to wish all mothers a Happy Mothers Day!!!!, Hey Fans, just wanted to keep everyone updated that so far our Belmont, Arlington, Marblehead, and Natick locations are serving our new Gluten-Free Pizza!!!!  Don't forget to try it next time you visit one of these locations., Our family is always growing and we are proud our new family members in Marblehead, welcome home!!!!  #ComellasMarblehead #Family, Hey Comella's fans, graduation season is almost upon us and we would love to help.  Please call any of our locations and ask about our catering options!!!!!, Please join us in our Belmont location for our lunch special from 11:30am till 3pm!!!!!!!, Happy to announce our Arlington location is now serving Gluten Free pizza!!!!!, Comella's employees are always hard at work #Comellasconcord, Due to the lock down our Arlington, Belmont, West Roxbury, West Newton, and Chestnut Hill locations are all closed, our thoughts and prayers go out to all law enforcement working today, We are happy to annouce that our Natick location is now also servering Gluten Free Pizza!!!!!!, Our thoughts and prayers are with the people of the City of Boston #WeAreBoston #BostonStrong, Just another way we like to help our customers, Almost dinner time, Peyton's Pick anyone?, We are happy to announce that our Belmont location is now serving Gluten-Free Pizza, stay tuned for updates as our other locations will be serving them in the near future., We are pleased to announce we have opened our newest store located on 50 Atlantic Ave in Marblehead, MA 781-639-0111.  We look forward to serving the community of Marblehead and its surrounding towns., It's almost lunchtime! Who's hungry for a chicken parm sub?, March is quickly approaching and Comella's Marblehead is almost done! Coming soon to Main Street!, Have you tried our Cute Kate pizza? Sautéed shrimp with our oil/butter/garlic sauce and cheese for $11.99!, When the moon hits your eye like a Comella's pizza pie, that's amore... 

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zeWVzT4s2Kw

Happy Valentine's Day!, The blizzard is over and we are back to doing what we do best at Comella's... Sharing our homemade food with you! You just cant beat our stuffed shells when we make them fresh and by hand every single day!, Comella's Restaurants will remain closed today and will reopen tomorrow at 11:30 AM as usual. Hope everyone is staying warm!, Due to the blizzard, all Comella's will be closing at 2 pm today! We will reopen as soon as conditions improve. Check back here for updates and stay safe!, Beginning stages of Marblehead!! Gotta start somewhere!, Did you know that all of the photos hanging in our stores are  original Comella family photos? Take a closer look..., null, A perfect pepperoni pizza... Lunch anyone?!, It's a cold one out there today! Stop by Comella's and warm up with a hot and delicious Mess. The only hard part is deciding which one to get!, Have you placed your order for Super Bowl Sunday yet? Call Comella's to cater your party!, The newest member of the Comella's family! We're opening in the first week of March at 50 Atlantic Avenue in Marblehead... see ya there!, Can't get enough Comella's? Follow us on Instagram @comellasfood -- don't forget to use #comellas when you post pictures on Instagram of your favorite dishes!, Our famous homemade meatballs!, Legend before its time... http://instagr.am/p/L085Rsh3Fg/, null, Have you seen west newton's facelift? It came out great and pizza is on the waaaaaaaaaaay....!, Now that's a menu board! #1095 #julid #eatlikelikeourfamily #movethechains, null, null, The next generation of our dedicated customers!, Follow us on Twitter @comellasfood, information, deals, and the latest comella's news!, null, null, Our first model...w bodyguard!, Every birthday needs cupcakes!, null, Opening night in natick w "T"... And next generation!, null, Comella's Wellesley now offering calzones... 2 toppings for $9... enjoy!, Comella's Italian to Open Early April - Natick, MA Patch http://natick.patch.com/articles/comella-s-will-bring-new-choices-to-dining-out, null, null, Grilled Chicken, Broccoli, Ziti, Alfredo... A favorite!, null, null, null, We are excited to announce that our lease has been signed in Natick Center!!! Hope to see you soon!  45 Main Street (Rt. 27), null, All Comella's now offering baguette style bread for sandwiches...so good!, Comella's in Belmont is now open!, Comella's Arlington Now Open !!!!!, now hiring at all locations ... check out our website to fill out an application or come to any one of our stores, Getting ready to serve Nike Golf at Deutsche Bank Championship in Norton., Comella's Concord now serving 16" cheese pizzas for $5 !!!!!!!!, Comella's Chestnut Hill soon to open ... 1 Boylston Street Chestnut Hill MA. More information to come., Pelano's Mess voted one of the 40 best dishes in Boston ... Come to any of our locations to check out the rest of our fabulous menu !!, Comella's now hiring for all locations ... Please see our website www.comellasrestaurants.com for a job application and to contact us., Comella’s secret ingredient will be at the Devotion school tomorrow 3-7PM, will we finally find out what's in the mess?, Meatball madness in Brookline...Tonight only 50 cent meatballs for the game!!! 417 Harvard Street (617) 277-4400, Comella's is participating in the Brookline Food Festival today... Come by and taste some of our delicious food!!!, New website...construction started in Chestnut Hill...Tom Comella back in action... prize for the first one that sees him!, NEW DISH...linguini with white clam sauce, careful, it has a kick! $8.99! Available at all locations., Comella's West Roxbury now serving 16" Cheese Pizzas for $5!!!, New website launch within days!!, Our chicken parmigiana sandwiches set the standard  for all sandwiches. Come in today and see the difference between  homemade and chain made!)