List(Happy weekend! We kicked it off last night at Sabah House with the Nest Co-op in New York. In celebration of Morocco's orange blossom harvesting season April-May, Annie Millican from  Nest discussed her recent project in Morocco. Annie was joined by scent expert Lisa Wilson, who put our noses to task as we learned about the art and science behind our favorite fragrances. Thank you, Co-op for another perfect evening - please tag yourselves and friends in photos. #nestcoop #buildanest #morocco #scent #fragrance #orangeblossom #friday

https://www.facebook.com/media/set/?set=a.10153332370353606.1073741833.8997143605&type=1, The Nest Co-op is Nest’s international community of supporters and ambassadors, united in their goal to advance global artisans by raising awareness for artisans and Nest. 

The Nest Co-op hosts monthly Salons with preferred rate admissions for all members. These educational evenings give all members the opportunity to mingle over wine and nourishment while hearing from selected speakers from Mara Hoffman to Amanda Hearst, or engaging in hands-on learning experiences like scent-mixing or textile block printing. 

Via our monthly Co-op newsletter, all Co-op members have access to exclusive conscious shopper codes from Nest brand partners, reading recommendations from the Nest library, and opportunities to network with likeminded supporters.

The Nest Co-op keeps the conversation going over dinner with friends, coffee with coworkers and across the digital universe. Through mindful engagement and creative thinking, we seek to help artisans to build a more a sustainable home in the modern marketplace. We hope you will join our growing community.

Interested in joining the Co-op? Visit http://www.buildanest.org/involvement/the-nest-coop/ to make your $250 annual donation., "It was very helpful and also encouraging to hear what the Nest Professional Fellows shared. For us, it was most helpful to learn about the most critical things to keep in mind when working with a client: clear communication, timeliness, quality control, and willingness to be upfront and open about capabilities " – Cayley Pater, Nest Guild artisan leaders, Assistant Director Child's Cup Full, an artisan business producing handmade, fair trade, and educational toys made by refugee women artisans in the West Bank. Cayley recently took part in Nest’s first remote learning webinar lead by professional panelists whose experience comes from brands like Ralph Lauren, Eileen Fisher, Urban Outfitters and Martha Stewart Omnimedia #artisan #buildanest #westbank
Photo Credit: Child's Full Cup, Flew all the way to Paris to visit to Dior. Thank you for talking with us about sustainability and the future of luxury. #nestinparis, Wishing our Nest community many moments of weekend serenity #westjava #batik #artisan

Photo credit to Nest Professional Photography Fellow, Beth Sette, Proof that hand-tilled #textiles come in all shapes and stripes. A collage of of inspiring work featured at the Architectural Digest Design Show: from hand-spun #wovens made in the #Appalachia; to punchy, graphic #tapestries from #India; to textured #backstrap #textiles from the #Philippines., At the Architectural Digest Design Show, appreciating the clean lines and quiet #minimalism that distinguish the work of Louise Gray. These fantastic quilts, pillows, and other home textiles are made in collaboration with #artisans here in the US of A., 3. Plan Ahead
#Artisan suppliers are often very geographically isolated, working out of their homes in rural areas. Shipping and logistics can be a big problem. On top of this, the work is entirely #handmade, which means that it requires time to be produced.

Artisans may be dealing with health issues and other social stressors that impact their ability to show up for work, meaning that the size of your workforce may be variable from day to day. For all these reasons, it is not uncommon for artisan orders to take longer than expected.

Manage #expectations upfront by factoring extra time into your #production calendar (i.e., starting early) or by testing the waters with a #capsule collection created outside the confines of the seasonal calendar. - RvB, 2. Set Communications Expectations
"Communications with #artisan partners can be difficult. Your suppliers may have a very limited command of English and cultural differences could result in spotty email #communication. Set expectations with your partners upfront about which communications channels you plan to use and how accessible you need them to be.

Many artisans come from “yes” cultures and your partners may want to tell you that everything is going smoothly when it’s not. Let your suppliers know that proactive updates are appreciated, even when the news is bad. Let them know that you will work together to troubleshoot the issues." - RVB, null, Get to Know Artisans and Their Crafts
"Visit your #artisan suppliers and/or dedicate time to understanding their #craft techniques. One of the biggest issues that brands and artisans encounter when navigating new sourcing relationships is the lack of understanding around the confines and unique stipulations involving a given craft technique.

For example, the #batik textile #dyeing process requires a nuanced application of dye colors and certain colors cannot appear next to others in a given motif. If your design team takes the time to visit your artisan suppliers and understand the technique, the better equipped you will be to successfully design into the technique, rather than to work against it." - RVB, Hello Monday! How about a little motivation to start the week off, yes? During the week ahead, we are sharing advice from Rebecca van Bergen, as quoted from a recent interview with Interiors & Sources Magazine. Let's start at the beginning:
 
"Working with artisans is no simple task. It comes with unique challenges and frustrations. But artisan partnership also brings #opportunity on multiple levels: the opportunity to bring employment to women in rural communities who are experiencing high levels of poverty, illness, and social unrest; the opportunity to integrate rare #craft techniques into your collections; and the opportunity to connect your consumers more deeply with the people and processes behind your collection. These are only a few of the reasons that the struggle is well worthwhile.

In the 10 years since I founded the organization, Nest has seen that short-term investments in #training and infrastructure for artisan groups yields high return on investment. This is good news for brands and designers, because it means that if you help give your #artisan suppliers a little boost, the rewards will be many and the growth curve for an improved, high-functioning sourcing relationship will be strong."

Photo credit: Caroline Ashkar (#Swaziland), We take #happiness in the fact that the beautiful clothes we wear (as an expression of ourselves) can be produced with #compassion to the people whose able hands contribute directly to their #making. We are proud of the growing community of #fashion designers who are taking the road a bit less traveled so as to ensure that their supply chains support happiness and #wellbeing. KITX's No.4 collection featuring #handloom silk by Nest Guild artisans in Varanasi, India (where the 500 year-old tradition began), is a lovely (wearable) testament to these reflections., Nest Guild #artisans in #Swaziland Gone Rural Swaziland use lutindzi grass, which is "indigenous to Swaziland and sustainably harvested to ensure regrowth. It is then coloured with eco-certified dyes and combined with other sustainable materials, including fabric waste from local textile factories." #sustainability, "In fashion too, the conversation is torn between two camps. In one is the brands that have become obsessed with the consumer, in the wearable wardrobe, in readily available product and high-tech production. “Give them what they want.” Other fashion houses are shrinking away from the mass-produced, retail-based culture, calling on the language of the artisan and the art of slow fashion." - Financial Times, “I learn batik from my auntie since I was 6th grade. It is so important because I work and making salary from Batik. I am the third daughter from seven children, so I usually share my salary to my three brothers and my parents. My relationship to the other women here is friend. It is important because we have to support each other. ” - Lilis, a young Indonesian women who has partaken in a batik skill training program made possible by Nest

Happy International Women's Day from Nest - today we honor and celebrate the critical role that craft plays for the tens of millions artisan women around the world, who like Lilis, are able to earn a sustainable income in an environment fostering creative expression and female camaraderie. #internationalwomensday #artisans #women #handmade #batik #indonesia #creativity #sustainablefashion, Wondering how you can support women tomorrow on International Women's Day? FEED Projects' newest limited edition bags feature hand #embroidery by Nest Artisan Guild members in #Peru. Your purchase supports the work of these talented #women. #internationalwomensday https://www.feedprojects.com/bags/new-arrivals/artisan-feed-1-bag, Please join us in exploring firsthand the benefits of mindfulness and meditation that artisans around the world experience when creating. Nest Coloring Books and Pencil Cases (handmade in Guatemala) are now available on the Nest website to purchase and gift in support of Nest. Inspired by artisan motifs from around the world, the Nest Coloring Book features illustrations that have been hand-drawn by Nest Professional Fellows including many Co-op members. https://nest.webconnex.com/Nest_Coloring_Book

From now until March 31st, we ask you to raise awareness for the important benefits of creating for artisans worldwide, by posting your completed colored pages on Facebook and Instagram @buildanest #colorfornest. All posts will be eligible to be selected at the close of the month, as one of the 20 winners picked at random to receive a special gift from Nest artisans: Mala bead necklaces, traditional hindi prayer beads hand-crafted in India, How do you spend time with your friends, workout, and do good at the same time? Nest Board Member Nancy Goldstein has one idea. This weekend, we took a #charityride to raise funding and awareness for global artisans and homeworkers. Thank you to everyone who joined us at SoulCycle and thank you Voss Water/ Voss Foundation for keeping us hydrated! #buildanest #sustainablefashion #dogood #empowered, Single spout Tjantings facilitate wax application of the most intricate and batik detailed designs. #batik #westjava #buildanest, Heavy lifting in West Java
 #batik #handstamps #craft #artisans #sustainablefashion

(photo credit: Beth Sette, Nest Professional Fellow), Nest is in DANSK Magazine's SS16 Issue, which provocatively poses the question: How is Fashion Doing?

As part of "The Change Gang" amongst pioneers like Marie-Claire Daveu (Kering) and Timo Rissanen (Parsons Fashion), Nest's Rebecca van Bergen lends her perspective: “If we see brands acknowledging the value of pieces made using rare craft techniques, and if we see them celebrating the skilled artisans who contributed to the final piece, we begin to reshape our perception of ‘value’ and to redefine what constitutes real luxury”, On Day 2 in #Alabama, Olivia tells us "Each industrial sewing machine has a very specific use and application. Here we are running our organic medium-weight jersey through our Union Special Flat Seamer.” #buildanest #alabamachanin #schoolofmaking #women #sustainablefashion, This week, Olivia is sending Nest her notes from the field (#fieldnotes). Olivia is part in Nest's School of Making program, launched in partnership with Alabama Chanin to help train American #seamstresses in contemporary #garment #production.

Day 1 from Alabama, Olivia says "Meetings that mix education and real life production issues (and a few laughs) come to the table during our workshop.", Hooray! Just in time for #FashionWeek, please check out Nest on p.36 of the #March issue of Glamour. http://www.buildanest.org/wp-content/uploads/press_glamour-clip.jpg, Celebrating the rising class of #fashion designers who are incorporating #artisan handmade production into cutting edge design. This jacket from Shipper features #handwoven silk from Varanasi, India. #NYFW #buildanest, null, How does Nest kick off #NYFW? Talking #sustainability with our friends at EILEEN FISHER, What happens when a professional textile developer from Oscar de la Renta and a fashion designer from Ann Inc. team up to visit a 5th generation #batik artisan business in #westjava: they cull through a collection of more than 500 traditional #javanese handstamps, and curate a more elevated collection looking something like this #nestfellows, Just in time for #NYFW some exciting news for The Elder Statesman and Nest's artisan partners in #Kenya - 

"It’s Chait’s appreciation for the people and processes behind his materials and clothing that first led him to work with Nest, who made the process of scoring the rich, handmade material for this mini collection smooth and seamless. Says the designer, "The fabric is exactly as it is meant to be. The slight inconsistencies actually prove that it is very special." Indeed, fashion is not about perfection. " 

Thank you The Hollywood Reporter #kenya #artisans #sustainability #fashion 
http://www.hollywoodreporter.com/news/elder-statesman-debuts-kenyan-cotton-861935, About last night Fordham University, Nest's Rebecca van Bergen, discussing #fashion #sustainability and #women, Revisiting some of the wonderful artisans we met at #NYNOW. Sunghee Kim holds a Ph.D. in dye chemistry and approaches her work with great thought and attention to detail, applying her deep academic knowledge to transform panels of crepe de chine and chiffon silks into #textile mosaics featuring traditional geometric motifs from #SouthKorea and #China. Employing the Nankeen dyeing technique, she and her team at DyeTree prepare #handcut paper stencils to render surface designs dyed in natural indigo baths. Beautiful work to behold!, #hand-#embroidered #wallpaper from the home of Nest Advisory Board member, Ellice Sperber. #handcraft #homedecor #artisan #interiors, Nest: As the #fashion industry becomes increasingly fast-paced and mechanized, why is it so important for you to choose hand craft? 

Deepa and Jay of Deepa Gurnani: Due to the mechanization of this industry, we have started to consume more than we need, we have started destroying our planet. Nothing lasts today, no matter what price you may pay for it. #Handmade items can be passed down for generations. They have a story : from the person who makes it to the person who owns it., On a cold winter night in New York City, the Nest Co-op gathered in the showroom of Deepa Gurnani, to share some chai, simosas, and conversation surrounding #artisan craft in #India. Following the evening, we sat down with Deepa and Jay, the creative minds behind Deepa Gurnani, to learn more about their dedication to artisan craft and why Nest inspires them. This week, we are sharing our conversation -

Nest: Your jewelry and accessories are all handcrafted in India. How has India impacted the design of the pieces themselves? Do you ever gain unexpected inspiration from your artisans? 

Deepa and Jay: The colors, the intricacy, the infinite number of techniques that make a single piece (the various cultures and religions that make India, India) are all inspired by India. Our artisans inspire us constantly as it takes very little for them to be happy. That is something we all need to learn., More from Nest at #maison: Master #Japanese artisan Takeshi Nishi prepares remarkably fine and delicate stencils for textile and leather work application. This piece was comprised of hundreds of tiny pointillism-like etchings - we were amazed. #artisan #handcraft #tradition #technique #sustainability #textiles #paris, Nest's Director of Artisan Engagement, Annie, just returned home from an inspiring trip to #Paris for the Maison & Objet #tradeshow. Annie <3s Yuka Uchida, the designer and artisan behind OVO ceramics. Yuka creates beautiful, minimalistic table top and jewelry items from porcelain, as inspired by her background in architecture and interior design.To oggle more of Yuka's #handmade designs, visit her instagram feed: instagram.com/ovoceramics, "I support Nest because it’s an organization that is making a difference. Whether we like it or not, our world is dictated by economy. Nest operates within the system of supply to ensure that workers can empower themselves through their craft. Nest ensures that artisan craftspeople are empowered and protected, while fulfilling market expectations and demand." - Melissa Joy Manning, ethical jewelry designer and Nest Advisory Board member

Until January 28th, you can support Nest by shopping Melissa Joy Manning Inc.'s beautiful Chains for Change. 20% of purchases fund a donation to Nest. https://melissajoymanning.com/, More from our travels in #Spain: The artisans of Teixidors manage every step of the production process, including careful attention to finishing details. Here, an artisan adds in decorative detailing while hand stitching a blind hem on a table cloth. #artisans #buildanest #sustainable #fashion #handmade, Representing SWAROVSKI Parsons School of Design and Nest at the Nest Annual Meeting #buildanest #artisans #change #sustainable fashion, We had the privilege of visiting Spanish artisan cooperative Teixidors this week to learn how they grew a social rehabilitation program for mentally handicapped into a self-sustaining textile business with distribution around the world! Suffice it to say, they knocked our socks off. #spain #artisans #weaving #nesttravels, Blank canvas: textiles awaiting some batik magic. #westjava #craft #batik #artisans #buildanest #nestfellows credit: Beth Sette for Nest, Saturday smiles from West Java #nest #westjava #batik #artisans #women #craft, We are proud to have been a part of telling this important story from Quartz - it is a must-read on the state of the industry as it impacts the millions of artisans working from home. (cc: The Elder Statesman) #artisans #sustainability #fashion #craft #homeworkers
http://qz.com/494818/in-much-of-the-world-the-sweatshop-isnt-a-factory-its-someones-kitchen-floor/

"Other efforts have focused on the relationship between workers and brands. The ETI’s homeworking project established guidelines for how retailers and their suppliers should handle homeworkers, while non-profit Nest helps home-based artisans connect with brands. One of its project was a collaboration a few years ago between home-based weavers in Kenya and The Elder Statesman, a high-end label that sells in stores such as Barneys New York.

Greg Chait, Elder Statesman’s founder, says the arrangement was successful all around. “We’ve figured out a way to be very meaningful to them financially,” he told Quartz. “It’s been very good for all parties every time we do something like this.”, Day 3 from Nest Photography Fellow, Beth Sette, in West Java: 

It has been a lively three days working with the community of talented artisans at Batik Komar! Their diligence and attention to detail to transform meters of white cloth into vibrant, patterned creations is admirable. Thank you to Nest and the team at Batik Komar for an amazing journey. #batik #nestfellows #takeover #buildanest #westjava #indondesia #craft #culture, It's Day 2 in West Java, with Nest Professional Fellow and Photographer, Beth Sette! #westjava #indonesia #batik #women #nestfellows #takeover #buildanest

As I was walking around the workshop taking photographs today, one of the artisans, who is pregnant, asked if she could touch my nose in hopes that her baby will have a nose like mine! This caused a cacophony of laughter in a normally quiet workshop., We are starting off the New Year in West Java, Indonesia, where Nest Professional Fellow and Photographer, Beth Sette, is reporting live from the field. Follow her journey with us this week. #westjava #indonesia #batik #textiles #artisan #craft #buildanest

Day 1:
Greetings from Batik Komar in Java, Indonesia, where I'm photographing batik artisans at work. 

In the Cirebon workshops, intensely focused artisans sit in groups around a pot of hot wax. All dipping into the same wax, they use bamboo and copper canting tools to trace intricate designs, which are inspired by both traditional and modern motifs. 

More tomorrow! - Beth, For some holiday vacation reading, please take a look at this wonderful story from NPR. We are so thrilled to be included. 

The piece will tell you more about the growing movement to uplift artisan craft, including more on how "Rebecca van Bergen of Nest, a New York City nonprofit and think tank for artisan-made fashion, has been training small artisan groups in the developing world in how to be more savvy entrepreneurs."

http://www.npr.org/sections/goatsandsoda/2015/12/24/460315790/from-indian-villages-to-west-elm-shelves-handmade-crafts-go-high-end, All the happiest to you and yours. Love, Nest, When a master Italian leather craftsman sits down with a contemporary luxury handbag designer from New York, alongside a traditional basket weaver from Swaziland, creative magic happens. #nestfellowshipprogram #nestfellows #swaziland #khokho, Interested in learning more about the inspiration behind Nest, how we got started in 2006, and how we have evolved to where we are today? Please listen to the newest Spirit of 608 podcast, which is shining a light on the shifting frontier of sustainability in fashion. Today's talk is with Nest's founder, Rebecca van Bergen! http://www.spiritof608.com/33-changing-it-up-to-stay-on-mission-with-social-impact-pioneer-rebecca-van-bergen-of-nest/, Beautiful smiles show the pride and fulfillment that comes through pushing creative boundaries, learning new skills, and arriving at a product with unprecedented potential to compete in the contemporary market. #khokho #swaziland #artisans #buildanest #training #handbags (photo credit: Caroline Ashkar), This is Helen Adeya, a widow, pictured with her two grand-daughters, Caroline and Celestina. Helen's older grandson also lives with her. The three children are AIDS orphans and Helen is responsible for bringing up the three of them and putting them through school. Her mud-built house is in a deep rural area of Kenya, and the family largely survives off  their small “shamba” - growing maize and other subsistence crops in addition to living off of the income that Helen is able to earn by spinning cotton as part of the artisan group with which Nest partners in Kenya. In photo you can see the spinning wheel Helen uses. Her talent and joy is spinning very fine spun cotton. #neststories #buildanest #artisans #women #craft #empowerment #kenya #family (photo and story credit: Ziya Kenya), Visited Beespace today for some inspiring discussion with our supporters. Thank you for having us! #nonprofits #buildanest #global #change, All young women around the world deserve safe and healthy employment opportunities that promote personal expression and self sufficiency. Craft is unique in its ability to provide this. #westjava #batik #women #empowerment #craft #freedom, null, Give the gift of membership to a community of craft advocates and artisan supporters. Offer a friend a special look behind the scenes of Nest’s global work. Share a Nest Co-op Membership with someone you love at http://bit.ly/21KeJz5.

In the spirit of holiday giving, all Co-op memberships are only $150 until December 21st ($100 off the standard $250 donation rate). Happy Holidays!, Ready for some Friday night lights, Varanasi style. Happy weekend from Nest! #friday #varanasi #india #diwali #buildanest #artisans #creativity #light #craft, Stunning new photos sent today from Petra at Ziya Kenya, the artisan group with whom Nest partners in Kenya. This is Margret Onyango, a cotton spinner and a widow, photographed with her grandchildren. Margaret's daughter moved back to live with her, bringing her three young children along. Margret’s salary is a main source of income for their family. #artisans #kenya #family #tradition #craft #empowered #women

(Photo credit: Ziya Kenya), Nest's work in Swaziland has benefited tremendously from the unstoppable power of our Professional Fellowship Network, a Nest-designed volunteer program that matches industry professionals with artisan groups who stand to benefit from this industry expertise - through guidance, mentorship and training. The results have been incredible to see. #buildanest #craft #artisans #professionalfellows #swaziland #khokho #culture #preservation #empowerment #women, *** FLASH NEST FELLOWSHIP *** Nest is seeking a research fellow available ***this week and weekend*** to be a part of an exciting new project in partnership with a very highly notable luxury fashion brand seeking to embark on artisan work in China. We are looking for a fellow to conduct several hours of research surrounding the artisan landscape in China, identifying promising artisan groups across various craft forms. Research can be completed online and via email and will happen alongside Nest's team, with the aim of arriving together at a comprehensive report on the artisan opportunities in China. Please share with others you know who have knowledge or expertise in this type of research and email kristin@buildanest.org with interest. (illustration credit: archaic jade), Nest's Program Manager in Varanasi, India shares Diwali through her eyes, portraying enchanting scenes from this annual festival of lights., Nest's impact is stronger than ever, and we are so proud of the work that you have helped us to accomplish this past year. Over the next week, we will be sharing infographics from our newly released 2015 Impact Report. We ask you to share these widely. The more that we can demonstrate the artisan sectors' needs and the success we can achieve in meeting them through concerted investments in infrastructure, training, tools, and awareness - the better that the global artisan community, including the women and families it supports, stabilizes, and enriches - will be served!

Take a look here for Nest's robust programming implemented over the year, and please visit our website to read the full report. Thank you! #buildanest #artisans #handcraft #women #empowerment #impact http://www.buildanest.org/wp-content/uploads/2015-Impact-Report-for-Web.pdf, Numerous studies show how the "ambiance" of a space has an effect on people using that space. We are so happy to see a dramatic improvement in the workspaces of our batik partners in West Java. A more healthy and harmonious environment for these talented young women  translates to both better product quality and improved quality of life. #artisans #handcraft #batik #westjava #nest #workshops #qualityoflife, Just one gem of an orange growing from over 50 acres of historic orange blossom trees in Morocco. We're here working on a special project with Les Aromes du Maroc, to create viable new businesses from orange blossom waste for local women harvesters, as supplemental income during harvest lulls. Fun fact: these trees are 60 years old!, null, The Nest Co-op hosts an unforgettable evening  to raise vital funds and awareness for Nest and the future of craft. Thank you to our Co-op members and friends for coming out to celebrate and support. 

Please visit our Nest Co-op page at http://www.buildanest.org/involvement/the-nest-coop/ to learn more and consider joining our community of craft supporters.

Many thanks to our partners and supporters who donated to the evening's silent auction: Behno, Ernest Alexander Flagpole Swim DVF - Diane von Furstenberg Artemis Design Co. Accompany Arte Salon BFX Studio Deepa Gurnani Dom Vetro E. Shaw Jewels FEED Projects Flex Studios General Assembly Hotel Americano: Chelsea, New York Janessa Leoné KIND Snacks L'OCCITANE en Provence Louise Gray Munchery Payal Arts International Penh Lenh Peridot Fine Jewelry SWAROVSKI The Brave Collection Veritas Winery West Elm Sandy Leong Fine Jewelry and Sabah.

And a special thank you to Dig Inn for our delicious nourishment throughout the evening!

Photo Credits: James Farrington (photosbyjtf.com), Rebecca, our founder, celebrates the new book by Nest Ambassador and supporter, the lovely Nadja Swarovski. "Swarovski: Celebrating a History of Collaborations in Fashion, Jewelry, Performance, and Design" is the newest addition to the Nest Library and a true testament to the creative spirit. #Swarovski #buildanest #nestambassadors #celebration #creativity #nestlibrary, As Nest reflects on our friends and family in Paris, we reflect on France as a nation that stands for and symbolizes free expression, love, and the creative spirit in all its brightness. These are values that similarly inform the fiber of craft that connects people around the world in the ongoing collective quest for beauty, vitality, and harmony. Paris, we stand with you, and all that you stand for. #prayforparis #buildanest #craftconnects, From ranch to retail: handmade leather coasters from Nest's artisan partners in Colorado are now a (literally) hot item at West Elm Local in Denver. #handmade  #artisans #handcraft #colorado #handcutleather, Wishing our friends in India and all around the world, a very happy Diwali! Sending lots of light from the Nest team and family., @buildanest is proud to #chooseartisan, "The whole world must know itself. Folk art tells us that we are not foreigners." - Florence Dibell Bartlett

Pictured art and quote from the Museum of International Folk Art in Santa Fe, where our founder Rebecca is today, speaking at the first summit on design creativity and ethics, exploring how museums and cultures inspire trends in interiors and fashion., Daughters of Swaziland #craftprovides, Recommended reading from the Nest Library #knowledgeispower, "When you do six shows a year, there’s not enough time for the whole process....Because I’m not the kind of person who likes to do things so fast. I think if I had more time, I would reject more things, and bring other ideas or concepts in.” - Raf Simons 

The grueling clip of the fashion calendar not only hurts the artisans who struggle to keep up, but also limits the creativity of today's most talented designers. #slowfashion #consciouscreation #ittakestimetobepurposeful #artisans #handcraft #sustainability #buildanest, Last night, we attended an insightful discussion at Fashion Institute of Technology led by ITC Ethical Fashion Initiative's Simone Cipriani - in conversation with Marie-Claire Deveau, the Chief Sustainability Officer of Kering. We were thrilled to be joined in the office today by Simone, to discuss the future of global artisan partnerships in the high-end fashion space. #sustainable #fashion #artisans #education #partnership #innovation, The weekend is almost here, time to play! Playsuit for The Elder Statesman hand knit by Nest artisan partners in Kenya. #kenya #handmade #buildanest #artisans #fashion #friday #playsuit, The second class of Social Impact Fellows (GLGSocialImpact.com) has been announced, giving 12 rising social innovators and their organizations access to the world's leading platform for expertise, professional learning, and mentorship. One of those 12 innovators is Nest’s very own Rebecca van Bergen! 

The 2015 Fellows were chosen from more than 400 leading early-stage and growing nonprofits and social enterprises from 6 continents. The competitive selection process was based on applicants' missions and models, in addition to how well GLG's resources could help organizations improve their efficacy and achieve impact at key moments in their growth.

We are proud of Rebecca and look forward to this exciting partnership.
http://glgsocialimpact.com/fellows/, More than what we do defines who we are. Who is an artisan?, Thank you to our Nest travelers (and newly savvy sewers!) who joined us this past weekend for The Weekend of Making in support of Nest's School of Making project to revive the textile tradition in Alabama. Here our group works on our own DIY projects en route to the home of April Morgan, an Alabama seamstress and one of Alabama Chanin's first home sewers! #buildanest #alabama #schoolofmaking #craft #womensempowerment #culturalpreservation, Emmah and her camera: This time last year, Alison Wright, joined Nest in Swaziland to deliver cameras and professional photography training to the women with whom we partner. Uniting behind a mission to empower through creative expression, the partnership equipped artisan women with photography skills that have helped them to more professionally market their crafts while unlocking new creative potential by exploring the world through a new lens., null, At the UN Sustainable Development Summit 2015, goals were set to help ensure that every member of our global community is able to live a life of dignity. A critical piece of this is work includes moving towards greater gender equality. At Nest, 89% of the artisans with whom we partner are women. Craft is empowering them with the means to earn a sustainable income while caring for their children and performing a tradition passed down through centuries. Nest is excited to be building several programs for 2016 that are geared specifically towards helping to teach women their rights in the workplace and to empower them through financial literacy training. We look forward to telling you more. (Photo credit: Caroline Ashkar), Lovely last look as you head into the weekend! Varanasi Loom to Luxury silks presented in Paris as part of the KITX Spring 2016 collection., Sometimes artisanship benefits from a little innovation. In West Java, the batik artisans with whom Nest is partnering traditionally set  dyes by sunlight, hanging their near-finished textiles outside to dry. You can imagine the issues this might pose surrounding product quality and  production efficiency when Monsoon season hits the island June through September and again December through March. Nest worked alongside a local engineer to design a solution that would allow the artisans the means to dry indoors. The result is still in the works, but here's a preview of a UV lighting table that will use UV lamps to dry textiles when laid upon it. #nestnerdingout, Sharing a bright Swaziland sky on a rainy New York City Friday. This photo was taken by Caroline Ashkar, an L.A.-based photographer and musician, who volunteered her time and skills to join Nest in Swaziland through our Professional Fellowship Program. Thank you, Caroline - and happy weekend, everyone!, This morning in Paris, Loom to Luxury’s handloom silks walked down the Spring 2016 runway for luxury fashion house, The Row. Leave it to India to bring a bright pop of color into the collection. Incredible to believe that the stunning piece pictured below was made entirely by hand in a little pocket of rural Varanasi. 

And because Jitendra has a way with words, here are his: "This is a success story for loom to luxury team. The appreciation of our work by high-end fashion brands, such as The Row, is a ray of hope to the future of handloom. I hope that this inspires weavers and the craft world to know that their work is alive and respected globally."

We are incredibly proud today, and we thank you for helping us to realize this dream for Jitendra, the weavers he employs, and their families, who are celebrating with us in India today. We hope for many more moments like this to come. Cheers from the Nest team!, Nest’s proprietary on-the-ground assessments clearly map an artisan business’ supply chain and indicate its ethical and economic needs. Nest looks comprehensively at both ethical compliance (the wellbeing of workers) and client readiness (assessing barriers to successful market entry). As the business becomes transparent a collaborative roadmap for change takes shape., Thank you Maiyet for hosting last night's September Nest Co-op at your beautiful flagship store. Thank you SWAROVSKI and #SwarovskiFoundation for your ongoing support of Nest and for making it possible for us to share last night's Salon with our digital community live on Periscope! Most of all, thank you to Nest fellow Tina Robinson for discussing her batik design project with Nest in West Java, and to our unfailingly amazing Co-op members for bringing your warm energy, bright ideas and invaluable support to our work. We're already looking forward to October! #nestcoop #buildanest, It's hard for us to believe that it's been more than one year since we moved into our own Nest offices. It was within the same week that our first Artisan Summit took place, which means that the leaders of the artisan businesses we partner with, who had flown into town for the five days of leadership training and other events, played a big role in making this space feel immediately like home.

We feel lucky to have the lovely Bryant Park in our backyard, and inside, we have filled the space with beautiful craftwork – curtains, rugs, swatches, and wall hangings - made by the global artisans we feel proud to advocate for. 

Aside from the conference table that we tend to find ourselves congregating around, perhaps one of our favorite places to go is our artisan library filled with books about cultural traditions, craft and artisanship through time., Our new ABOUT page is live on the Nest website. Learn more about our mission, programming, goals for artisans and more. Any questions? Please feel free to post them here, of course!

http://www.buildanest.org/nests-mission/, Dear New York City Nesters, 

We have some new volunteer professional fellowship positions open in New York that might be perfect for you. Please have a look and feel free to email kristin@buildanest.org if you are interested in either role.

Thank you!

CO-OP SALON EVENT FELLOW

The Nest Co-op is a talented group united in the goal to help advance global artisans and craft by furthering the Nest mission. Beyond contributing an annual donation to Nest, Co-op members believe in using education, discussion and creative collaboration as tools for change.

The Nest Co-op gathers monthly at Nest Co-op Salons hosted in varying locations throughout New York City. These intimate evenings provide behind-the-scenes looks at Nest’s newest projects, as brought to life through first-hand accounts shared by Nest’s industry partners who hail from the diverse worlds of fashion, design, architecture, travel and more.

Nest is looking for a committed fellow to spearhead the organization and execution of Nest Co-op Salons through March of 2016.  Responsibilities include securing location and defining event topics (with the assistance of Nest staff), salon outreach, overseeing ticket sales, managing event logistics including food and drink, as well as day-of set up and break-down.

The fellow is encouraged to begin working with Nest staff during the next Salon on September 28th to get a full understanding of Co-op salon experience and needs. 

CO-OP SALON PHOTOGRAPHY FELLOW

The Nest Co-op is a talented group united in the goal to help advance global artisans and craft by furthering the Nest mission. Beyond contributing an annual donation to Nest, Co-op members believe in using education, discussion and creative collaboration as tools for change.

The Nest Co-op gathers monthly at Nest Co-op Salons hosted throughout New York City. These intimate evenings host behind-the-scenes looks at Nest’s newest projects, as brought to life through first-hand accounts shared by Nest’s industry partners who hail from the diverse worlds of fashion, design, architecture, travel and more.

Nest is looking for a skilled photographer to document upcoming Co-op salon events.  Responsibilities include attending all upcoming Co-op events to capture Co-op members, educational presentations, and the overall salon experience for Nest press, social media, and archives.  Fellowship begins during the next Co-op salon on September 28., Turn craft into a tool for change. Support a Nest project today. https://nest.webconnex.com/onlinedonations

(photo credit: Caroline Ashkar), Over the past two years, Nest has supported more than 71 Nest Professional Fellowships across the fields of design, communications, photography, technology, technical training, business modeling, and the list goes on - directly impacting every artisan group with whom we have partnered. 

Working either in-country or domestically, by sharing ideas and skills amassed through professional industry experience, fellows play an instrumental role in helping Nest artisans to elevate their traditional crafts to a place of greater marketability and to assist businesses in tackling key barriers to growth and scalability. 

And the benefits are not just one-sided. Fellows walk away with an expanded view surrounding the possibilities of craft production and take these insights back to their employers; the knowledge ripples outward.  

xxxx Thank you Nest Fellows! xxx, As some Nesters head back to sharpened pencils, lockers, backpacks and learning, our founder, Rebecca spoke with the writers at HerCampus about her personal and professional journey with Nest. 

Her favorite part of the work? "Meeting with the artisan women whose lives our work is impacting is by far the best part of what I do. To see the smiles, warmth, courage, strength and passion that characterize a woman at work is to understand the universal language of craft and its power to bind us together." 

For a little back-to-school inspiration, please feel free to read Rebecca's full interview. http://www.hercampus.com/career/how-she-got-there/how-she-got-there-rebecca-van-bergen-founder-executive-director-nest, There are a lot of stereotypes about artisan craft: kitchy knickknacks, bright and bold colors, geometric patterns, travel souvenirs,etc. One of our challenges is to break down these stereotypes, and to help brands understand the unlimited possibilities for impossibly chic pieces to emerge from handmade global techniques. With that in mind, we’ve just set up a lovely photo library of sophisticated design from our artisan partners – take a look!

https://www.facebook.com/media/set/?set=a.10153679386523606.1073741837.8997143605&type=3, null, Artisan is a popular word today – we hear about it in the worlds of food, art, interior design, and increasingly in fashion. At Nest, we use the UNESCO definition for artisan, which is interesting to check out – for your daily dose of verbose knowledge – have a look here: 

Artisanal products are those produced by artisans, either completely by hand, or with the help of hand tools or even mechanical means, as long as the direct manual contribution of the artisan remains the most substantial component of the finished product. These are produced without restriction in terms of quantity and using raw materials from sustainable resources. The special nature of artisanal products derives from their distinctive features, which can be utilitarian, aesthetic, artistic, creative, culturally attached, decorative, functional, traditional, religiously and socially symbolic and significant., Fashion week is landing in New York and off the runways, some interesting conversations are taking place. ELLE magazine interviewed our very own Rebecca van Bergen, Nest’s Founder and Executive Director, to share some of her inside tips like how to found the non-profit of your dreams at the age of 24, experiencing different cultures as a woman, and why a second glass of wine is sometimes a very good idea.
http://www.elle.com/culture/career-politics/interviews/a30039/this-womans-work-rebecca-van-bergen/, New arrivals for our partners Batik Komar 

They will be at Indonesia International Islamic Fashion and Product (IIIF 2015) 9th - 13th September @ Jakarta Convention Center

Love watching this design evolution come to life!, We’re not a broker. One of the many aspects of the Nest model that really sets us apart is that we are not a sourcing agent for brands who are looking to work with artisans. While market access is a critical piece of the sustainability puzzle, we believe in the importance of a direct relationship between artisan and brand – one that is not dependent on Nest. Instead, we help equip artisan teams with the tools and skills that they need to build client relationships on their own. In fact, right now, some insanely talented Nest fellows are helping us put together sales toolkits that we can’t wait to tell you more about… stay tuned!, null, Easy, breezy, beautiful…kaftans. There is still one more weekend left of summer before we throw them in. With guidance from Nest fellow, Amanda, our artisan partners Rosecraft Weaving in Swaziland are happy to report a major uptick in new client interest as attributed to the continuing evolution of their knowledge of color theory and contemporary design. So it’s no surprise that these kaftans for Plume Collection are currently making waves in the Hamptons. Have a lovely Labor Day weekend!, We are excited to begin laying the foundation for our work-training curriculum in Alabama. Our goals are to put together a comprehensive program that will create sustainable employment for rural American seamstresses by helping them to upgrade their contemporary garment production skills. Last week, Chris, from our team, took a trip down to lovely Florence, along with our amazing project consultant whose past experience includes serving as the VP of International Supply Chains at Williams Sonoma - we feel so lucky so have found her! In the words of our project partner, Natalie Chanin: “It feels like something wonderful is about to happen…” and we couldn’t agree more! Alabama Chanin #buildanest #artisans, A very cool aspect of the Nest process comes through our collaborations with the academic community. There is so much incredible research taking place constantly by brilliant and curious minds who are able to help us take our work to the next level. Today, we began receiving responses to an RFP we put out for proposals aimed at building a fair wage model for piece-rate payment. This is the most common form of wage payment to artisans. Considering that craft is the second largest employer of women in developing economies, it’s pretty shocking that no living wage model for piece-rate exists, and we’re committed to changing this. As proposals continue to come through, we look forward to updating you on this project and more of our awesome 2016 initiatives., Enjoy spending time with your friends and some delicious food this weekend. The ladies of Rosecraft Weaving know how it's done., Craft is the second largest employer of women in emerging economies. It helps to keep women out of forced labor, empowers them to earn economic independence, and allows them to work from home while caring for their children. Recently sent from our partners at Rosecraft Weaving in Swaziland: lovely mother as she takes a lunch break from her craft to spend time with her child., We are so proud of our Founder and Executive Director, Rebecca van Bergen, for her selection as a Bluhm/Helfand Social Innovation Semi-Finalist! It is a joy each day to work with such a passionate and fearless leader who is tackling some of the most important and un-talked about issues impacting women and mothers worldwide. #thinkchicago #nesthonors

The Bluhm/Helfand Social Innovation (BHSI) Fellowship at Chicago Ideas Week recognizes a group of young, socially-conscious leaders who have developed sustainable ventures addressing civic needs. The Fellowship provides them with exposure to nationally recognized business leaders, philanthropists and community leaders, funding to support their organization and a platform for growth. https://www.chicagoideas.com/special_programs/bhsi, It's been a wonderful week back with the Khokho team. In addition to Carlo's leather training, we were fortunate to have the talented photographer, Caroline Ashkar, join us from LA to document the workshop. The time has gone by too fast, but has been filled with new ideas, concepts, inspiration, and lots of laughs!

I'll leave you with this photo of the grass growing high up on the mountains, overlooking the beautiful landscape of Swaziland. Khokho, means Great Grandmother in Siswati, and while we are continually inspired by our ancestry, we are also equally influenced by Mother Nature and all the wonderful colors and textures we find around us.

Siyabonga for following my posts and Sala Kahle until next time... Sapna and the Khokho team
#buildanest #nesttakeover #sapnashah #swaziland #nestfellows, Clean water and sanitation are global issues universally impacting artisans, their families and their communities. In light of August being Water Quality Month in the U.S., we are proud to join with Hand in Hand Soap and other like-minded brands and non-profit organizations to raise awareness on the importance of water quality. #waterqualitymonth 

In Swaziland, lack of consistent supply of water coupled with poor sanitation is one of the driving factors leading to both food insecurity and health problems. Women are often required to walk several miles a day, impacting their ability to work full-time. Nest knew that with consistent access to food and clean water, women artisans in Swaziland would be safer, healthier and better able to work bringing needed income back to their families and children. 

Together with Voss Foundation, we have brought clean water and sanitation services to 6,300 people in Swaziland through the construction of five water pumps and 30 pit latrines. Simultaneously, we have provided hands-on training in proper usage, management, and maintenance of the project and its technology. The pumps and latrines are located in the villages where two Nest artisan partners work, touching Nest artisans, their families and ultimately their communities., Hello again! We are very lucky at Khokho to have Carlo Bisceglia over from the states to lead a one month leather training workshop. Carlo is a master leather craftsman and pattern maker with over 40 years of experiences in handbags. He is from a family of Italian bag makers whose skills have been passed down generation to generation. Carlo arrived in Swaziland on August 4th and jumped right in, fixing the leather skiving machine and setting up the brand-new Juki machine that arrived the other week, all the way from Japan! Carlo's training and the new machinery was made possible by Nest and the Nest family of supporters.

As we work through the constructions of existing styles and create the new collection, Carlo has been figuring out the right way to form each pattern so production of the bag is simplified and more efficient for the Khokho workshop technicians. Here, Carlo works with Simiso, showing him each step of the process, and the correct way to work the machines. It it's been a wonderful learning experience for us all!

More later!
x
Sapna Shah

#buildanest #artisans #khokho #nesttakeover #nestfellows #sapnashah #swaziland, Hi Nest Community! It's Sapna Shah back in Swaziland and taking over the Nest Facebook and Instagram pages for the next few days. Hope you enjoy the photos! I first came out to Swaziland in November 2013 as a Nest fellow to work with the Gone Rural artisans and creative director, Philippa Thorne, to create a new product category - handbags. The resulting collection, under the name Khokho, incorporates the traditional weaving techniques of the women artisans with leather, all produced in Swaziland. I have been designing handbags for 10 years now within the NY fashion industry, so it was a real privilege to join Nest and shift directions and collaborate with the many talented artisans of Swaziland.

I am fortunate to be able to return to Swaziland each year to continue my design work with the Khokho team. We've received a great response to the bags and are working on tweaking existing styles as well as adding in new ones. Also, we are pulling inspiration from Swaziland's picturesque landscape for the Autumn/Winter 2016 collection.  Here Philippa and I are at the Khokho weaving group, working with weavers Zodwa and Thembi, who are now the elected quality control managers. It is amazing to see the progress the women have made over the past year and how beautiful the weaving is coming along! #nesttakeover #buildanest #artisans #swaziland #handmade #handbags #nestfellowships Sapna Shah, Nest recommended Monday read from The Atlantic: "Before we thought of artists as geniuses, we thought of them as artisans. The words, by no coincidence, are virtually the same. Art itself derives from a root that means to “join” or “fit together”—that is, to make or craft, a sense that survives in phrases like the art of cooking and words like artful, in the sense of “crafty.” We may think of Bach as a genius, but he thought of himself as an artisan, a maker." #nestdigest #artisans 
http://www.theatlantic.com/magazine/archive/2015/01/the-death-of-the-artist-and-the-birth-of-the-creative-entrepreneur/383497/, It's our last day in Bandung and we don't want to leave! We've made a curated selection of some of the most intricate and highly skilled traditional handwork to showcase along with the new collection we are developing. We've also been working to come up with a standardized pricing structure and production guidelines, which is essential to be able to work with Western designers. 

It has been such an incredible experience working with Mr. Komar and his team, what an amazing group of talented and devoted individuals. There is still more work to be done when we return to New York, stay tuned! #buildanest #jenandtinatakeover #nesttakeover #westjava #batik #artisans #handmade #happyfriday

xo Tina and Jen, It has been so much fun creating beautiful designs and color palettes with Batik Komar. Their archive of more than 4,000 stamps is so inspiring. Today we delved further into the process and learned more about how to layer colors using the unique wax resistant technique of batik. We feel so lucky to be a part of keeping this beautiful tradition alive. #nesttakeover #nestfellows #batik #artisans #westjava #buildanest

xo Tina and Jen, Greetings from Bandung Indonesia! We are so excited for our NestTakeover! This week, please follow along as we share our experience working with Nest’s batik partners as we help introduce their artisan work to a broader western market. We are a best friend team of fabric developer and fashion designer coming together to collaborate and utilize our professional backgrounds to support the amazing tradition of batik in Indonesia. It has been an absolute dream to learn from Batik Komar and to see the batik process up close. Stay tuned for more updates...

Xo
Jen and Tina, What about the makers here in the United States? #crafstats
Craft Stat #3: In 2010, jewelry comprised 22% of the inventory on Etsy (credit: Craft Organization Development Association (CODA))., While the fashion industry has become increasingly mechanized, a large portion of embellishment work like beading, sequins and embroidery, is being outsourced to artisans in the unregulated informal sector. #craftstats #handmade #artisans #buildanest
 
Craft Stat #2: It is likely that anywhere between 20-60% of garment production is being done by artisans working from home (credit: Lucy Siegle), This week, we are exploring artisans by the numbers by sharing three eye opening statistics surrounding global craft production. Please share and raise visibility and awareness for this important community. #CRAFTSTATS #artisans #handmade #buildanest
 
Craft Stat #1: Following agriculture, craft is the second largest employer of women in developing economies (credit: Artisan Alliance), Swazi women 24 and younger are 3X more likely than men this age to contract HIV due to high incidences of sexual violence, patriarchal laws and cultural practices that discourage a woman’s active voice in society and put her reproductive health in danger. Swaziland has the highest HIV prevalence of 26%.
 
In partnership with Rosecraft Weaving in Swaziland, Nest helped deliver all artisans a training program designed to help women better understand their rights and to promote their wellbeing. The workshop introduced a new HR manual and educated women surrounding Rosecraft's HIV & Wellness policy completed with the help of SWIFT (Swaziland’s Fair Trade Association). Thank you Rosecraft Weaving for being a partner we feel proud to work with each day. #swaziland #artisans #buildanest #womensrights, Indelustis the perfect example of an online retail destination that is challenging convention and doing things differently (for the better). Learn about how Nest is playing an important role on our video page. http://www.buildanest.org/video/ #indelustdiaries, Nest is helping ensure that the next generation understands craft as a field offering personal fulfillment and economic stability. By bringing a refreshing outlook and energy to traditional craft, young people can play an instrumental role in preserving their diverse cultural identities. The Handloom School in Maheshwar, India was created to spread technical and business education to the rising class of Indian handloom weavers. This past March, the school’s first session brought together 14 students from 7 locations in India, each student arriving with varying design styles, raw materials, and types of looms.Furthering Nest’s commitment to educating the next generation of artisans, Nest’s artisan partner in Varanasi, Jitendra Kumar, visited the school as a guest lecturer, teaching on quality control and the export market. For two days, the classroom came to life with Jitendra’s passion - his distinct style making him a role model for the modern evolution of handloom production., July Co-op Salon with Ranchland's Duke Phillips, Nest founder Rebecca van Bergen and designer Sapna Shah., The New York Times Travel highlighted Nest and our important work with partners Varanasi Loom to Luxury and Maiyet. We are very proud of Jitendra and Sara and we thank you, our supporters, for making this project possible. Please read and share with friends and family.  #varanasi #thenewyorktimes #buildanest #maiyet #handloom #artisans #india 

"Weavers, nearly all men, pass down their skills to their sons or male relatives. But their trade has been shaken over the last few decades as power looms offer a cheaper and faster way to produce the same goods, six to 12 meters of material a day, depending on the design; it can take a weaver weeks to create the same amount. This technology left many of the artisans facing starvation and selling the wood from their looms for firewood." 

http://www.nytimes.com/2015/07/19/travel/for-indian-weavers-in-varanasi-help-for-an-endangered-craft.html?_r=0, For one week, we asked friends and supporters of Nest to help us raise awareness for the global community of makers and the singular art of the handmade. This was the result. A special thank you to @Indelust 92nd Street Y DARA Artisans Adjaye Associates Little Swappies Flagpole Swim Alabama Chanin KITX and our entire community. #imadethis #buildanest, Congratulations @hijessicathompson ! We were so impressed with your handmade brass bracelets. Thank you to our entire community for your participation in the #imadethis campaign  and stay tuned for highlights and recaps thought next week. Have a lovely weekend! - team Nest, Batik artisans hand dye elaborate batik textiles in West Java #imadethis #westjava #indonesia #buildanest #artisans #makers #handmade, #imadethis #oaxaca #handmade #ceramics #buildanest #artisans, null, null, ****Join us for the #imadethis campaign!!! **** 

All week, celebrate the beauty and the personal touch of the handmade with Nest and our entire community of supporters like Alabama Chanin Indelust Flagpole Swim KITX and more. Simply post a photo (to your own facebook or instagram pages) of you holding something (anything!) you made  tagged #imadethis Nest #buildanest. All week, Nest's artisan partners around the world will be doing the same.

By including the campaign hash tags, you will be entered to win a handmade leather clutch from Nest's artisan partners in Ranchlands, Colorado - and most importantly, you will bring awareness and visibility to the global community of talented and hardworking makers. #imadethis #buildanest #handmade #artisans #craft, Many thanks to the Nest Facebook community for following my takeover and sharing your support. What an incredible experience this has been, and I am glad to say it is not yet over. While I continue on in Swaziland, I leave you here with a beautiful “last look." Thanks, again! - Amanda #buildanest #swaziland #artisans #weaving #handmade #amandatakesover, Sawubona!  Day 2 of my Nest takeover!  The Rosecraft Weaving workshop is located in the rural mountains of Swaziland, where every step of production is completely hand done.  This not only includes the weaving, but also a crucial and precise dyeing process where the dye baths are created on open wood fire.  Here, Rosecraft Weaving owner, Kerry James, works with dye technician and artisan, Minah, on creating new color recipes and recording details from Minah's most recent dye batch.  Together, we are updating color logs and formulas to achieve color consistency and accuracy of each material fiber. - Amanda #amandatakesover #buildanest #swaziland #handcraft #artisans #colortheory, Hi Nest community!  My name is Amanda Lee and I am a currently a Nest fellow based in Swaziland, Africa. I will be taking over the Nest Facebook and Instagram pages for the next couple of days, and hope you will follow along! I've recently traded the skyscrapers in NYC where I was the senior developer for Accessories at 3.1 Phillip Lim for the idyllic hills of Swaziland. I am honored to have the opportunity of working alongside the talented Nest artisans at Rosecraft Weaving and Khokho.

Together we are developing new product designs and also improving production efficiencies as we introduce new processes and strategies that will be tested out in the coming months. Meanwhile, I will be sharing some snapshots taken from my time here so far, starting with the skillful hands of Emmah, a remarkable Rosecraft artisan, hand finishing a brushed mohair blanket. #amandatakesover #buildanest #artisans #swaziland #handmade #nestfellowships, Tools can be eco-friendly too. Nest ceramicist partners in Oaxaca, Mexico are exploring the viability of carbon negative kilns that operate with restaurant waste oil, so as not to release harmful toxins into the air. #toolsofthetrade #artisans #handmade #buildanest, In West Java, tools are the messengers for design – just take a look at these brass hand stamps, carved with hand-drawn motifs. These stamps will be dipped into hot wax and applied to textiles in order to depict gorgeous repeated patterns. This summer, a Nest volunteer from Oscar de la Renta will travel to West Java to cull through our partners’ trove of more than 5,000 traditional hand stamps, curating those with greatest applicability to western design. #handmade #toolsofthetrade #artisans #handstamps #westjava, Not only can outdated tools stand in the way of an artisan business’ market readiness, they can pose threats to artisan safety. In Kenya, Nest helped its brass casting partners transition to safer equipment and moved it out of the home to a nearby Nest workshop where the artisans' children would be safe from harm. #toolsofthetrade #kenya #buildanest #artisans #handmade, Artisans often require new tools and upgraded equipment in order to increase both production efficiency and product quality. In Colorado, Nest recently helped our partners upgrade from rudimentary ranching hand tools to new a clicker, a splitter, a strap-cutting machine, a new sewing machine, and a skiver. These will help our ranching partners to move from saddles to handbags with smooth efficiency. Take a look inside the workshop here. 
https://www.facebook.com/media/set/?set=a.10153481952593606.1073741834.8997143605&type=3, From saddles to handbags, we're helping to revive the American ranching tradition through heritage leather craft. 

Here, we take a peek inside the Ranchlands leather workshop, located on a third generation family ranch in Colorado. Nest helped the family to acquire these new tools, which are improving product quality and production efficiency.

And who said cowboys are men? The majority of today's ranchers are women. Here. Maddie leads the production process for a the new line of modern handbags that is beginning to emerge.

With the help of a volunteer Nest Professional Fellow who is the current handbag director for Eddie Borgo, these bags will be more than a gorgeous handmade accessory -- they will be a means to educate the mainstream US about the importance of the American ranching tradition.

Help us to preserve this cultural tradition and way of life by supporting the Colorado Project!, TOOLS OF THE TRADE
While an artisan's hands are her or his most valuable tools, they often benefit from the use of other means for rendering a precise and beautiful craft. This week, we will explore the important role of tools and equipment in helping artisan businesses to be viable entities in the modern market place.  #artisans #buildanest #toolsofthetrade #handmade, Sewing is a skill passed down through three generations of women in Karen Theresa’s family. Following her love for sewing, Karen worked a loyal 17 years at HD Lee, manufacturing textiles for brands like Lee Jeans and L.L. Bean until the factory suddenly shut its doors. This forced Karen, and more than more than 300 other seamstresses, to take on roles outside the textile industry. Years later when Karen came across a local listing for a seamstress position at Alabama Chanin, she was in her car within minutes to go apply for the role. Read Catherine’s, Sherry’s and Karen’s complete stories via Nest’s The School of Making Biographies book by clicking the link below.

http://www.buildanest.org/wp‐content/uploads/Alabama‐School‐of‐Making.pdf, Sherry R. believes that sewing is in her blood. Both of her grandmothers were seamstresses ‐ one passionate about quilting and the other talented in making clothes. While Sherry dabbled in cross‐stitching and crocheting as a girl, it was not until later in her life that she began to rediscover sewing ‐ and to feel an even deeper reconnection to her grandmothers because of it. #handmade #sewing #culturalidentity #buildanest, Catherine R. grew up on a farm and learned sewing from her mother, who owned an old treadle sewing machine with a pedal. She lives on the same land today that she did when she was born ‐‐ a plot of her family’s farm where they once planted corn and cotton. Catherine is contented and grateful as she describes days spent in her sewing chair at home, still earning a living doing what she loves, surrounded by photos of children, grandchildren, and great grandchildren., There has been much talk in the media lately about the importance of identity. At Nest, we are considering what role craft plays in both the cultural and personal identities of the artisans with whom we work. How are these identities being threatened and why? What can we do to reverse the trend and preserve these identities?
 
This week, we will explore this topic through the biographies of local Alabama seamstresses who seek to renew their skill-sets through Nest’s School of Making Project. #craft #culture #identity #artisans #buildanest, As we come off a Father’s Day weekend honoring the important men in our lives, we reflect on the global role of men in advancing women. We at Nest have the pleasure of working with several inspiring male artisan leaders who are committed to hiring without gender discrimination, paying equally for equal work, and creating new training and employment opportunities for women. Please join us in celebrating the global community of men who are committed to uplifting and advancing women. #artisans #craft #fathersday #empowerwomen #buildanest, Why Craft #5: Creating Beauty: Craft brings beauty into the world. As John Muir put it best: “Everybody needs beauty as well as bread, places to play in and pray in, where nature may heal and give strength to body and soul.” #buildanest #artisand #handmade #craft #beauty

Now you tell us! Why Craft?, Why Craft #4: Empowering Women: Due to cultural stigmas and discriminatory legislation, women in developing nations have few employment opportunities available to them. Many of the alternatives to craft production fall within far less fulfilling areas of the informal sector and even include sex‐trafficking and other forms of forced labor. Craft provides an alternative means for economic independence that allows women to carry on the traditions of their grandmothers, doing something they love to do. #handmade #craft #artisans #buildanest #women, Why Craft #3: Meeting Family Needs: in most rural, developing communities, craft is being performed in the home setting. This is a preferred arrangement for many women who seek professional fulfillment while also being able to care for their children and an often large number of additional dependents. #family #craft #handmade #artisan #buildanest, Why Craft #2: Promoting Peace: craft is community‐based. The social nature of its production lends itself to community building, idea exchange and a breaking down of personal or cultural barriers. While you may be Muslim and your neighbor may be Hindu, at the loom, you are both artisans. #whycraft #buildanest #artisans #handmade #peace #community, This week, we’re asking: why craft? Why focus on craft employment as opposed to other means for economic and social advancement in developing communities?
 
Why Craft #1: Cultural Preservation: craft is a skill that forms the historical backbone and collective cultural identity of hundreds of thousands of communities around the world. Craft skills have been passed down through generations of families, representing more than just a livelihood but also a way of living. #whycraft #artisans #culturalpreservation #buildanest, Today, we are joined by Megan Ryley, the talented designer behind the Varanasi Loom to Luxury's first debut collection. To learn more about the collection's inspiration, development and launch, revisit the Loom to Luxury: Varanasi to Paris book (linked below) and then post your questions for Megan here on our wall and/or within the comments. Thank you for your support.

http://www.buildanest.org/wp-content/uploads/projects_Varanasi-ParisBookPartner.pdf, From Varanasi to Paris, luxury can emerge in unlikely places. In Paris, worlds collided as luxury buyers from brands like Lanvin, Phillip Lim and Jean Paul Gaultier gave warm reception Varanasi’s handloom silks as reinvented through a modern lens. This is what Women’s Wear Daily calls: “upping the artisanal factor.” @buildanest #varanasitoparis, Global artisans are often geographically isolated and lacking the financial means to travel to or apply to large international industry trade shows. Nest helped its artisan partners to overcome these hurdles by bringing them to Paris during prestigious Premiere Vision week, a time when top luxury buyers were on the lookout for the most distinguished new textiles. @buildanest #varanasitoparis, Handcraft hallmarks: Jamdani is a technique that can only be achieved in a handloom fabric, as the thread does not travel from selvedge to selvedge, but rather is localized to the motif area only. It is essentially a singular woven motif in a larger fabric, almost like an embroidery that is made by the weaver.@buildanest #varanasitoparis #handcrafthallmarks, Handcraft hallmarks: with each strand of silk, a piece of the weaver is woven along with it ‐ his emotions manifested into the fabric itself. These slight variations can be celebrated not only as a mark of a true handloom product, but as a symbol of the human spirit that has gone into its creation.@buildanest #varanasitoparis, Modern designers frequently believe that ancient craft techniques are not adaptable to contemporary design, or that global traditions do not fit Western aesthetics. Today, through design mentorship and training, we can bridge the divide and prove this wrong. @buildanest #varanasitoparis, The economic decline of Varanasi’s weavers has been linked to devastating social issues from starvation to suicide. We as consumers, brands, non‐profits, and artisans, can unite to use responsible supply chain development and ethical purchasing as a means to address social issues through craft. @buildanest #varanasitoparis #buildanest, Handloom silk weaving is a cultural tradition dating back more than 500 years in Varanasi, India. Only just one decade ago, as many as 100,000 handlooms were actively in use. Since the rise of the power loom and the outsourcing of cheap labor to factory production, this number has more than halved. Nest #varanasitoparis, Today we unveil to you: Varanasi to Paris: Loom to Luxury the story of an artisan’s quest for market access. Follow the link to download the story in full and join us on Facebook over the next two weeks as we share excerpts from the book. 

http://www.buildanest.org/wp-content/uploads/projects_Varanasi-ParisBookPartner.pdf

Please share these excerpts to your own Facebook pages, helping us to tell this story to a wider audience while raising awareness for the hundreds of thousands of artisans who face similar challenges. Nest #varanasitoparis, Proof that the process can be as beautiful as the finished piece. #basketweaving #swaziland #friday, Nest partner Varanasi Loom to Luxury works with weavers on color theory at The Handloom School in Maheshwar. #weaving #handloom #handmade #colorstory #india, The Assi, Varuna and Ganga are the names of the three rivers that come together in Varanasi, giving the city its name Varun-Assi. As the rivers join, they look roughly like a trident, which is the symbol of the Lord Shiva, the patron god of the city. #varanasi #india #artisans #geographylessons, Oaxaca in three-words: "vibrant, proud, earnest" (credit: Nest supporter, Paula W.) #oaxaca #artisans #culturalpreservation #mexico #travel, Inspired by Indonesia (Bali Vintage, Circa 1939) #everyoneisanartist, Nest Travels: the orange roads of Tsavo, Kenya #kenya #travel #artisans, May your weekend be eventful! #wegotcows #varanasi #weekendinspiration #friday, "The first rule of sustainability is to align with natural forces, or at least not try to defy them." -Paul Hawken, The Nest Co-op is Nest’s international community of supporters and ambassadors, united in their goal to advance global artisans by raising awareness for artisans and Nest. 

The Nest Co-op hosts monthly Salons with preferred rate admissions for all members. These educational evenings give all members the opportunity to mingle over wine and nourishment while hearing from selected speakers from Mara Hoffman to Amanda Hearst, or engaging in hands-on learning experiences like scent-mixing or textile block printing. 

Via our monthly Co-op newsletter, all Co-op members have access to exclusive conscious shopper codes from Nest brand partners, reading recommendations from the Nest library, and opportunities to network with likeminded supporters.

The Nest Co-op keeps the conversation going over dinner with friends, coffee with coworkers and across the digital universe. Through mindful engagement and creative thinking, we seek to help artisans to build a more a sustainable home in the modern marketplace. We hope you will join our growing community.

Interested in joining the Co-op? Visit http://www.buildanest.org/involvement/the-nest-coop/ to make your $250 annual donation., null, The Nest Co-op is Nest’s international community of supporters and ambassadors, united in their goal to advance global artisans by raising awareness for artisans and Nest. 

The Nest Co-op hosts monthly Salons with preferred rate admissions for all members. These educational evenings give all members the opportunity to mingle over wine and nourishment while hearing from selected speakers from Mara Hoffman to Amanda Hearst, or engaging in hands-on learning experiences like scent-mixing or textile block printing. 

Via our monthly Co-op newsletter, all Co-op members have access to exclusive conscious shopper codes from Nest brand partners, reading recommendations from the Nest library, and opportunities to network with likeminded supporters.

The Nest Co-op keeps the conversation going over dinner with friends, coffee with coworkers and across the digital universe. Through mindful engagement and creative thinking, we seek to help artisans to build a more a sustainable home in the modern marketplace. We hope you will join our growing community.

Interested in joining the Co-op? Visit http://www.buildanest.org/involvement/the-nest-coop/ to make your $250 annual donation., About Last Night: Handbag designer Sapna Shah joined us for our May Guild Salon to discuss her Nest project in Swaziland. Thank you to our talented Guild members for making this another incredible evening.

More about this project: Through Nest’s volunteer Professional Fellowship program, Nest brought Eddie Borgo handbag designer, Sapna Shah, to Swaziland to assist Swazi women in merging traditional weaving techniques with modern design and color theory. Out of this endeavor, the KhoKho Project was born, culminating in the formation of a high-end handbag line that counterposes traditional weaving with leather for a truly signature and contemporary look. This past May, Sapna joined the Co-op to unveil the first sketches for the new line, and to tell the story of her experience in Swaziland, as well as next steps for the line., null, As the May Day tradition goes, fill a basket with flowers and treats and hang it on a sweetheart's door. #mayday #traditions

(photo courtesy of Gone Rural Swaziland), "Long live the sun which gives us such beautiful color." - Paul Cézanne (photo credit: Neil Davenport), In a quest to help Varanasi's handloom silk weavers gain market access, Nest, a nonprofit organization dedicated to training and developing artisan businesses, collaborated with Parisian textile show Première Vision <and Loom to Luxury to show their collection of hand-loomed silks.> This was then shown to luxury houses including Oscar de la Renta, Phillip Lim, Jean-Paul Gaultier and Maison Martin Margiela.

These are exactly the kind of collaborations that are needed across the world, in order to preserve craftsmanship responsibly. Design-led interventions that put craftspeople on par with designers, or at least afford them a level playing field, could bring a renaissance to the handicraft industries of the world.

http://www.businessoffashion.com/community/voices/discussions/how-can-traditional-craftsmanship-survive-in-the-modern-world/op-ed-luxury-brands-must-credit-craftspeople, "In isolated rural communities around the world, women in their homes are practicing artisan techniques that have been handed down through matriarchal generations. At the same time, the modern design and fashion industry is notorious for unethical supply chains, cheap labor and environmental degradation. As part of the Nest mission, we are committed to bridging this disconnect and to training the next generation of artisan leaders to help pave the way." - Rebecca van Bergen, Founder and Executive Director of Nest #FashionRevolutionDay #WhoMadeMyClothes, Turn craft preservation into land conservation by joining us to make your $50 Earth Day Pledge in support of Nest's newest leatherwork project in Colorado. By helping traditional ranchers to diversify their revenue streams through the craft sector, we can help them to stay on their land and to continue its stewardship. #EarthDay 

https://squareup.com/market/nest-inc/make-your-earth-day-pledge, #westjava #screenprinting #traditionsworthpreserving, Artisans working globally face great challenges when shipping to Western clients. With lots of effort and even more stamps, this well-decorated package just arrived at the Nest offices from Swaziland. Nest is working on a shipping and logistics curriculum that will assist artisans in designing strategies for overcoming some of these barriers., Thank you to Nest supporters for helping us to provide infrared heaters to our partners Quazi Design in Swaziland, so that these talented women are now able to dry their pieces even during the rainy season., null, Dear Nest Community, Mother's Day is May 11th, just one month away. Exclusively until then, we invite you to purchase Alabama Chanin's James Throw for a woman you love. 15% of every purchase will fund a direct donation to Nest, supporting the launch of our School of Making work-training curriculum for the Building 14 seamstresses (who made this throw) - while helping to restore the American textile tradition. http://www.alabamachanin.com/james-throw?all=true, Batik brights #westjavaproject, Did you know that President Obama's mother was a an avid supporter of batik artisans and a collector of the beautiful Indonesian craft? #westjavaproject http://www.npr.org/templates/story/story.php?storyId=111892135, About last night: Nest Guild members got a sneak peek at the new SS16 collection made by Nest's talented handloom silk weavers in Varanasi. Thanks to our young members circle for your support!, #nestincolorado, What do you think, is label-free a luxury?
 #luxuryofthehandmade #fashionwithastory

http://www.forbes.com/sites/kristenphilipkoski/2014/10/27/the-new-luxury-is-label-free/, "This is where non-profit organisation Nest comes in. The partnership was forged to provide market access, bringing handmade silk textiles from India to the fashion houses of Paris. Design consultant Megan Ryley has worked for the likes of Oscar de la Renta and Carolina Herrera. She acts as a communicator for the Varanasi Project, but it’s not always spoken language that proves to be a barrier. “It’s a design language,” she explains, “and that’s purely due to what your cultural expectation of design is. In India, they love a riot of colour. As Westerners, we can appreciate the exoticism of that, but how do we translate that into something that we will understand?” - Schön! Magazine #schonmagazine #HAPPY, Support the women behind Nest's newest project in partnership with Alabama Chanin.  Over past decades, the American textile industry has been in decline. In Florence, Alabama—as in countless rural communities—seamstresses have been left without jobs and without the means to support their families. In partnership with Alabama Chanin, you can help Nest to change this. 

Please join us for The School of Making Project. Led by a professional knitwear production coordinator, this work-training program will teach modern production to local seamstresses, empowering them to learn and grow their skillsets. Together, we will lay the foundation for a curriculum that will contribute to employment opportunities in Alabama and across the nation. 

“The School of Making represents not only an opportunity to provide stability to my family, but also to broaden my skillsets in cutting, sewing, and manufacturing.”
—Sherry Lynne Kelley

To support The School of Making Project and to help sponsor a seamstress like Sherry Lynn to be a part of it, please click here.

https://squareup.com/market/nest-inc/support-the-school-of-making

(photo credit: Alabama Chanin), #westjava, Batik hand stamps from #westjava, #Kenya, null, In honor of International Women's Day this Sunday, join us to celebrate and support the women artisans of Varanasi via our new partnership with The Swarovski Foundation: http://bit.ly/1Nph3nG, Take yourself some place new., True beauty is perfect in its imperfections. Today we invite you to introduce 5 truly beautiful people to Nest by inviting them to be a part of our Nest community of artisans and artisan supporters.
#gratitude, "Curiosity is the one thing invincible in Nature." - Freya Stark, Breakfast tortillas in Oaxaca #DARAPostcard, null, Here's to taking pride in what you do #thejoyofmaking, In West Java, batik is known as "the art of women's hands", In snowy New York, we are dreaming of the day when we will wear this cozy Flagpole Swim towel made Nest artisans in Kenya!, The weekend is here. Lay down your burdens and enjoy it., "Luxurious handloom jacquards from Varanasi (by appointment only) upped the fair’s artisanal factor." WWD features Varanasi Loom to Luxury as a Premiere Vision pick!

http://www.wwd.com/markets-news/textiles/textile-divide-seen-at-pv-texworld-8192038/slideshow?src=slideshow_bottom#/slideshow/article/8192038/8194995, 10 Nest supporters recently joined us for Nest Travel to Oaxaca. We asked them to share some feedback from their experience. Nest traveler, Paula W, describes Oaxaca in 3 words: Vibrant, Proud and Ernest. One fun fact she learned? The women artisans have made the choice to focus on their work instead of on a husband!, In textile heaven at PV. And the new Varanasi collection is warmly received. #brights #geometrics, Talking handloom silk with Schön! Magazine, Follow the journey of Nest's artisans from Varanasi to Paris to debut their first solo collection of handloom silks during the week of Paris' Premiere Vision textile show.   

Designed by a consultant with experience producing with Oscar de la Renta, Carolina Herrera, and Versace among others, the debut collection is a stunning example of luxury created by master craftsman in the unlikely location of rural India.

With the collection, Nest seeks to demonstrate the vast array of opportunities for designers to work into the handloom silk technique, as well as to help generate orders for Varanasi’s silk-weaving artisans who have struggled since the emergence of the power loom and cheap labor from China.
  
In 2010, more than 2.9 million weavers reportedly worked in the handloom sector but in 1996, more than 3.4 million were involved, indicating a 16 percent job reduction over 15 years (Handloom Census of India). The economic decline of Varanasi’s weavers has been linked to devastating social issues including starvation and suicide. Nest, in partnership with Loom to Luxury seeks to help address these issues through sustainable business development and the power of an increasingly connected international market., "A Thousand mile journey starts with a single step. I would love to give a huge thanks to the Nest and Loom to Luxury teams for their support and hard work to bring this amazing work to the capital of fashion. Very excited to showcase our first official collection of exquisite Varanasi handloom fabrics in Paris." 

- Jitendra Kumar (Nest artisan partner in Varanasi), Explore the origins of the Maiyet signature bangle, in partnership with Nest artisans in Kenya 

<iframe src="//player.vimeo.com/video/109609630" width="500" height="281" frameborder="0" webkitallowfullscreen mozallowfullscreen allowfullscreen></iframe>, Innovation & Personalization from Nest's partners in Swaziland, Gone Rural Swaziland. The Gogo Collection of baskets are handwoven from natural lutindzi grass and feature laser-cut wooden blocks with the names of artisan Gogo's children., null, Starting next week, follow the journey of Nest weavers in Varanasi to the City of Lights as they debut their first solo collection of handloomed silks. Designed by a consultant with experience producing with Oscar de la Renta and Carolina Herrera, the collection is a stunning example of luxury created by master craftsman in the unlikely location of rural India.  #NestinParis, This will get you going this morning! A morning ride through Varanasi., Super Bowls. #NestinOaxaca, Tiny spools of silk are like caterpillars in a cocoon, waiting to become something beautiful. Happy Friday!, To the snowier parts of the world, sending you some Varanasi sun. #herecomesthesun, Second firing of the glaze. #NestinOaxaca, Good morning and happy Friday! #NestinOaxaca, Rolling out blue corn masa for fresh tortillas #NestinOaxaca #CulturalPreservation #Handmade, Join us to celebrate and preserve the magnificent wonders of the world  in partnership with Absolute Travel. #culturalpreservation

“Sharing a passion for cultivating cultural traditions from the four corners of the world, Nest is overjoyed to partner with Absolute Travel as we help to support the talented Nest artisans of Kenya. Together we are helping these artisans to transform their crafts into a means for positive social change that will ripple outward throughout their communities.” - Rebecca van Bergen, Founder of Nest

http://absolutetravel.com/absolute-travel-awareness/nest/, "Might does not make right. Right is might." We are touched and inspired about this vision for the Beloved Community as shared by our friends at Hearts on Fire by Jill Iscol, "I have decided to stick with love. Hate is too great a burden to bear." - Martin Luther King, Jr., Friday Smiles :-), Working up an appetite for Nest in Oaxaca, just one week away!, How much of your life is handmade?, Check out our beautiful collaboration with Flagpole Swim. This ethereal beach tote is entirely hand-beaded by Nest artisans in Kenya. http://flagpoleswim.com/products/petra #handmadeluxury, Make what you love. Love what you make. Happy Sunday., These excess spring greens found new life when over-dyed with organic indigo - resulting in a deep green color that could be sold on winter racks Alabama Chanin #startslow, At Alabama Chanin, garments are made only once an order has been placed, reducing waste. #startslow, null, Simple beauty abounds at the Alabama Chanin workshop where a slow start to the New Year sounds like the perfect plan. #startslow, Alabama, nice to meet you!, null, "Ramzan Ali, barely 15 years old, is hunched over a loom which produces the beautiful sarees that are sold around the world. But Ramzan is very sick."

Tuberculosis remains a reality for many of Varanasi's weavers. The disease is more likely to be contracted and to spread in unsafe, unhealthy working conditions. Nest's Varanasi Project seeks to help address this and more. 

http://www.ndtv.com/article/india/in-pm-modi-s-constituency-a-disease-threatens-make-in-india-dreams-of-weavers-641010, Every year, Nest's artisan partner in Varanasi, India, Jitendra, celebrates his birthday in the most selfless of ways - and has a lot of fun doing it. This year, Jitendra hired a magician to entertain 70 children who spend their days cleaning the local streets of Varanasi. After the performance, the children were treated to lunch, birthday cake, and kite flying. Jitendra has inspired the Nest team to each spend our birthdays giving back in a special way. We invite you to do the same for yours! #Varanasi #Birthday #Giving, null, This mesmerizing 2015 Resort look from TSE features a delicate handwoven scarf made by Nest's artisan partners in Swaziland. #beautyofthehandmade, Chris from the Nest team rides in style in West Java, Back to our Monday routines, The average age of the American rancher has climbed to 55. Learn more about Nest's vision to help preserve this way of life through craft. http://www.buildanest.org/projects/colorado/, null, * The Nest Ripple Effect *, Cheers to Friday. Otago Design glasses made in partnership with Nest artisans in Kenya #ZiyaKenya, The Zoe Project has selected the Nest Throw handmade by Nest artisans in Kenya as a holiday gift that gives back!

From the editors: "these carefully curated presents are not only beautiful, cool and useful, they’re also philanthropic. Talk about the holiday spirit"

http://thezoereport.com/gifts-that-give-back/#slide-8, null, "More than 50% of Kenyans live on less than $1 per day. Through Ziya Kenya and Nest, artisans are able to rely on their trades to earn sustainable income that far exceeds minimum wage." Nest x Figue

http://www.figue.com/travel-blog/celebrating-kenyan-artisans/, null, Shop Nest Artisan goods at buildanest.org, Happy halloween! Paper treats from Quazi design., The Rosecraft weavers ride home from the workshop., Rosecraft weaver in Swaziland tries on a newly made scarf., afternoon dance, Visiting the beautiful basket weavers of Gone Rural at their home in Swaziland., Women weavers!, Kenyan ikats for fall Nest events!, Nest’s artisan partner in Oaxaca has developed the first-ever kiln to operate with the use of local restaurant waste oil, which will drastically reduce deforestation and pollution, while enhancing product quality through a more precise and safer firing technique that removes the threat of carbon monoxide inhalation., Craft /kraft/ (noun)
1. an activity involving skill in making things by hand.

What does craft mean to you?, "Where there are problems, ingenuity increases." —Kenyan proverb, ONE ON ONE WITH CEBISILE NDZIMANDZE, Nest artisan in Swaziland:

What do you do with your free time?
- I wouldn’t say I do have free time because I am at work almost all the time. Its only on weekends that I am sometimes at home and with the time you refer to free I guess it’s the time I use to do my laundry and some other house chores thoroughly.

What sound or noise do you like?
- The sound of good RnB music on a Sunday afternoon is always the best.

What makes you different from others?
- We are all different from one another. What stands out for me is my personality. I am down to earth.

Who is that one person that always makes you smile?
- My only son. He  misbehave at times but whenever I look at him and when he tell me how much he loves me and the smile in his face I cannot help it but fall in love with him even more., “One of the largest is, How do you take largely home workers who have produced for local markets with different standards of quality, and translate that to a fashion industry, particularly a luxury fashion industry, that has very stringent requirements in terms of quality and replicability?” - Rebecca van Bergen, Nest Founder & Executive Director speaks with the New York Times in today's Thursday Style Section story: Where Artisans Meet Fashion. 

For this piece, we were joined by Rachel Felder from the NYT for our five-day Nest Artisan Summit. Here, she recounts her experience within the larger context of Nest's work and what it means for modern retail brands and artisan businesses, alike. 

http://mobile.nytimes.com/2014/08/14/fashion/nest-a-nonprofit-organization-introduces-artisans-to-those-who-use-their-wares.html?smprod=nytcore-iphone&smid=nytcore-iphone-share&_r=0&referrer, Elaborate batik handstamp motifs designed by Nest's artisan partner in West Java. Five years ago, UNESCO designated the endangered art of Indonesian batik as a Masterpiece of Oral and Intangible Heritage of Humanity. #culturalpreservation., A sneak peek into the inspiration behind new lines of hand-woven silk collections from Nest's artisan partner in Varanasi, India. Stay tuned for completed fabrics in coming months., New York City friends, we encourage you to meet us tomorrow at Atelier Courbet gallery at 175-177 Mott Street, to see the work of Aboubakar Fofana, a Malian-born artist and designer who is "Reving a Dyeing Technique" with the use of organic indigo. http://www.nytimes.com/2014/08/07/garden/reviving-a-dyeing-technique.html?_r=1, In Swaziland, Nest works entirely with women, spanning four different artisan businesses. Producing diverse crafts including batik textiles, hand-woven accessories and an original line of decorative items woven from up-cycled magazines, the traditional artistry is being reinvented through a modern lens with help from talented Nest fellows, like a former handbag designer for western label Rag & Bone. With Nest’s help, Nest artisan partners in Swaziland have forged turnkey partnerships with notable retail brands like TSE cashmere.
http://www.buildanest.org/projects/swaziland/, In the spirit of the weekend, playful designs from Nest's artisan partner in Kenya., In March 2013, the number of Indonesians living below the poverty line reached 28 million; 70% were women. According to Indonesia's Commission on Violence Against Women, the Indonesian governments have passed 60 new discriminatory regulations against women, as of August 2013.

Nest’s West Java project provides a craft-driven means towards breaking this cycle of discrimination and exploitation. We are proud to announce the completion of our first batik-training workshop, which provided 19 Indonesian women, ages 18-30, a new form of artistic self-expression and the opportunity to gain a sustainable income and economic independence through employment in the craft sector.

More than half of these women had no prior working knowledge of batik and 16 of them have since been offered employment from Nest’s artisan business partner in West Java, a company dedicated to female empowerment.Nest aims to complete three more of these workshops by January 2016., The Nest Artisan Summit brings together eighteen Nest artisan business leaders from eight nations around the world (Bali, India, Kenya, Mexico, Swaziland, Vietnam, West Java, USA) to meet in New York City for the first time. 

Through educational presentations and one-on-one working sessions led by New York-based fashion and design industry professionals, the Nest Artisan Summit will arm artisan leaders with new tools for leadership and business growth. Through dialogue, collaboration and creative problem solving, we will together explore the challenges and opportunities existing for artisan craft in the modern marketplace., Wishing a safe journey home to all of our Nest artisan leaders. Thank you to all Nest friends and supporters for five incredible days at the #nestsummit., The Nest Artisan Summit continued today with a full-day of one-on-one working sessions with artisan leaders and professional volunteers from brands like Nanette Lepore, Alabama Chanin, Calypso, Public School and more. The energy was contagious, the conversation was lively, and the work was productive. Over a tasty lunch generously provided by our partners at Voss Foundation, we discussed our joint work to bring clean water and sanitation to Nest artisans in Swaziland. Our busy Sunday afternoon concluded with a quick cab ride downtown to the one-and-only ABC Carpet & Home, where we received a private guided tour of the dazzling store floors. Thank you to the Nest family of supporters. We're looking forward to tomorrow!, The Nest Artisan Summit brings together eighteen Nest artisan business leaders from eight nations around the world (Bali, India, Kenya, Mexico, Swaziland, Vietnam, West Java, USA) to meet in New York City for the first time. 

Through educational presentations and one-on-one working sessions led by New York-based fashion and design industry professionals, the Nest Artisan Summit will arm artisan leaders with new tools for leadership and business growth. Through dialogue, collaboration and creative problem solving, we will together explore the challenges and opportunities existing for artisan craft in the modern marketplace., The Nest Artisan Summit brings together eighteen Nest artisan business leaders from eight nations around the world (Bali, India, Kenya, Mexico, Swaziland, Vietnam, West Java, USA) to meet in New York City for the first time. 

Through educational presentations and one-on-one working sessions led by New York-based fashion and design industry professionals, the Nest Artisan Summit will arm artisan leaders with new tools for leadership and business growth. Through dialogue, collaboration and creative problem solving, we will together explore the challenges and opportunities existing for artisan craft in the modern marketplace., The Nest Artisan Summit begins :: Nest artisan leaders from 8 nations around the world are here at the new Nest offices in New York City for 5 days of leadership training from top fashion and design experts. Please follow #nestsummit for updates., null, Cirebon, West Java, Balancing Act., “I cannot alter the past, but the future is very much in my hands.” 
― Mary Lydon Simonsen, Green is the prime color of the world, and that from which its loveliness arises. - Pedro Calderon de la Barca, "Slow down and enjoy life. It's not only the scenery you miss by going to fast-you also miss the sense of where you are going and why." 
--Eddie Cantor, A beautiful wedding gift is to help build a Nest; Thank you to Vogue for this inclusion (Slide 7) http://www.vogue.com/culture/article/how-to-create-the-perfect-wedding-registry/#1, Teasing our newest frontier., "Being on a boat that's moving through the water, it's so clear. Everything falls into place in terms of what's important and what's not." - James Taylor (photo taken in Varanasi, India), “Peace begins with a smile.” ― Mother Teresa, Sunday mood board., Find the joy in what you do., Today we are thankful for Glam4Good for lovely Nest mentions in their summer fashion guide.
http://www.huffingtonpost.com/mary-alice-stephenson/making-a-difference-never_b_5411927.html, "When people show you who they are, believe them." -  Maya Angelou, For the first time, you can personally sponsor, one-for-one, a Nest artisan leader. 

We invite you to support our artisans from across the world in making the journey of a lifetime to the capitol of the fashion and design industry, New York City.

http://www.buildanest.org/donate/, "I don't want to live in a bubble, in my craft or in the world...I can't, I would be cheating myself out of my generation and the world we live in." - Diane Lane, Screen printing in Java: a perfectly synchronized dance., Today, explore off the beaten path. #nestinbali, seeking fresh #perspectives at Tarum Natural Dyes in Bali. (photo credit: stephanie bernstein), null, Sunday evening #inspiration, Happy weekend. #nestinbali, In the 90 degree fahrenheit heat, our hosts in Cirebon were excited to learn that we had seen the batik motif pictured here in person. For most of the artisans we met who have never travelled beyond Indonesia, let alone left their home town, motifs like this one draw less from daily reality and more from the imagination., Due to its coastal location, Cirebon produces batik motifs reflecting diverse foreign influence - fostering design fluidity and an embrace of innovation. #nestinwestjava, Sending warmth from Bandung, Indonesia: Batik hand stamping, With intricacy and precision, the lovely artisans of Batik Komar apply wax to these exquisite batik textiles., Evening read: Architect David Adjaye discusses his work with Nest with TIME http://time.com/62063/david-adjaye-maiyet-weaving/, Balinese brass cast jewelry studios; tools of the trade!, null, Balinese Ikat hand weaving in progress. #nestinbali, Traditional Balinese horn and bone carving is a family business  #nestinbali, Visit to Tarum Natural Dyes near Ubud #nestinbali, Follow Nest in Bali with the #nestinbali hash tag this week, as we visit with local jewelry and batik artisans for one of our newest projects!, Checking out the amazing land of the future Loom to Luxury weaving workshop on the Varuna river., Beautiful morning at Kotwa, the weaving village outside Varanasi, Preparing for a California : Varanasi, Slow Food : Slow Fashion dinner at the vegetable garden with Chef Gupta and Chef @jeromewaag, Feeling inspired this Monday! Authors of the Hearts of Fire Movement have named Rebecca the Visionary of the Week!!
Read more http://heartsonfiremovement.org/?mc_cid=2a7681284d&mc_eid=1da6e5bfc6, Wonderful article in Architectural Digest about our Varanasi Silk Weaving Facility and collaboration with Maiyet and David Adjaye on Maiyet.com http://maiyet.com/press/ad-2014-march-issue-david-adjaye-article, Beautiful ceramics from our partners in Oaxaca, Mexico!, Beautiful cotton woven by our partners in Oaxaca, Mexico, Enjoying the Spring weather? Shop this Mina & Olya tee and 8% of proceeds go to Nest! http://shop.minaolya.com/products/whats-your-mo-tee, Nest seeks to empower  women through artisanship and entrepreneurship. Read about why our work is so important. 

http://www.nytimes.com/2014/02/23/world/asia/after-farmers-commit-suicide-debts-fall-on-families-in-india.html?emc=eta1&_r=0, February Project Highlight: Mexico

"A piece of ceramic with a history sells better than one without. Everything has a story, all of you have a story, everything that has happened to you. A piece is the same way. It's our job to tell people the history. Talk to people and make them feel proud for the right reasons.", February Project Highlight: Mexico

Visiting our new partners in Oaxaca!, February Project Highlight: Mexico

This month we are working with "Collectivo 1050 Grados" in Oaxaca, Mexico. 

1050 Grados has created a timeline of the history of Oaxacan ceramics and used these historical images as inspiration for their innovative designs!, January Project Highlight: Swaziland

Hlengiwe is one of the 30 women working for Baobab Batik Swaziland. She is a waxer who paints the melted wax onto the outlined designs on the fabric. This process is repeated layer upon layer to get the finished product!, January Project Highlight: Swaziland 

 Baobab Batik Swaziland's bright and beautiful hand batik Stainglass Tubular Scarf is a bestseller among locals and international customers!, January Project Highlight: Swaziland 

Quazi Design's workshop where they make pulp bowls and handcrafted pulp jewelry!, January Project Highlight: Swaziland 

Bead making at Quazi Design, January Project Highlight: Swaziland 

TGIF from Gone Rural Swaziland !!, January Project Highlight: Swaziland 

Gone Rural Swaziland weaving workshop, January Project Highlight: Swaziland 

 Gone Rural Swaziland inspiration boards, null, HAPPY NEW YEAR! Thank you for all of your support throughout 2013. Here's to 2014, may all of your dreams come true!, New land for the new year!  Future location of the weaving facility in Varanasi., Help us to preserve the ancient hand woven silk traditions of India. 

Donate a loom for our Varanasi workshop & receive 4 illustrated postcards perfect for the gifting season http://www.buildanest.org/donate/, Silk weaving looms at our facility in Varanasi, India., Maiyet & Freida Pinto for Nest. Support our artisans with this unique bangle made of Varanasi Silk set in Resin. All profits go to support our Varanasi Silk Weaving Facility.

Shop it: http://www.maiyet.com/shop/maiyet--freida-pinto-varanasi-bangle, $500 provides an artisan in Bali with a job for 1 month. Donate a salary and help us to scale our Bali workshop http://www.buildanest.org/donate/, As the days are getting colder, find warmth in these photos from our projects in Bali!, Big news from Nairobi!  The artisan's chickens have started laying eggs :)  Happy holidays!, $250 will provide a new website for an artisan business in Swaziland!  Donate at http://www.buildanest.org/donate/ to empower women and assist in creating sustainable, successful businesses., Nest is working to empower women through the embellishment of crafts in the Gujarat region in India. We have been working with women-led artisan businesses that impact over 15,000 women. Read more about this project here http://www.buildanest.org/projects/ahmedebad-india/, Give Thanks today by giving back. $100 buys one month of artisan lunches in Bali. Donate today at http://www.buildanest.org/donate/, Just $50 can buy jewelry tools for artisans in Kenya. Donate now at http://www.buildanest.org/donate/, Take an inside look at photos of our jewelry workshops in Nairobi, Kenya, where we are working with artisans to develop the age-old brass and metal casting tradition. Read more about this project here, http://www.buildanest.org/projects/nairobi-kenya/, Join us in welcoming the 2013 holiday season with 6 Weeks of Giving! Stay tuned over the coming weeks to find out how your small donation can make a large impact!!, Support Nest through our partners at Modavanti!  Although they always donate 2% of sales to Nest, this week theres a chance to give more (and also get more!) 
(photo: Gone Rural Swaziland), We appreciate all your support of Nest's artisans! Our amazing friends at BY BOE are offering a special discount to all Nest supporters this week. See below!, It's Global Handwashing Day!  Share this post and you'll be entered win a gift from Nest, Voss Foundation and Hand in Hand Soap!

Learn why handwashing matters!  http://bit.ly/ghd2013, Support Nest artisans! Help our partners in Varanasi save the art of hand weaving.  Read more here..., Watercoloring at Nest's design and creativity workshop with embroidery and appliqué artisans in Ahmedabad, India this week!, Global Handwashing Day is October 15. This year, we’re partnering with Voss Foundation (the organization that has done an incredible job bringing clean water and sanitation services to our artisan partners and their communities in Swaziland) as well as Hand in Hand Soap  to raise awareness about the importance of handwashing and how it saves lives around the world. Read more here! http://bit.ly/ghd2013, New Songket weaving samples from Lombok, Indonesia, null, null, Amazing weekend visit to natural dye and weaving workshop in Bali!, Nest fellow Alison working with the lovely women of Baobab Batik Swaziland this month! , Happy Friday! Here, our Quality Control in Nairobi takes a look at Maiyet's signature bangles before they get shipped out., Visiting Maryam and her artisans at Nest's new project in Bali!, In Varanasi:  We've got a new metallic yarn spinning machine for the weaving workshop!  Great for the production of Maiyet's Spring 14 pieces., See you tonight at our New York garden party, celebrating the work of Quazi Design! (shown here)
Cocktails and a garden picnic, from 6:30 to 8:30 at La Plaza Cultural on the Southwest corner of 9th St and Ave C., Happy Friday!  Have a lovely weekend, and hope to see you Monday evening for our garden party at La Plaza Cultural, celebrating a visit from the founder of Quazi Design of Swaziland (creators of the amazing pieces shown here.), Come celebrate summer and Nest's artisans with cocktails in the garden on August 19th! Meet the founder of Quazi Design from Swaziland, and shop their new One of a Kind collection., null, The beginning of customized silk swatch development for Loom to Luxury, the artisan weaving group that will be housed at the new facility being built in Varanasi!  This past month two wonderful fellows have been there assisting with creative direction, trend forecasting, business development and so much else.   Thank you!, Great article about Maiyet's artisan work in the August issue of Elle!, Last week the artisans in the villages outside Varanasi viewed David Adjaye's renderings for the new weaving facility for the first time!  In the photos below, they share it with their families and offer feedback to Nest staff and fellows., null, null, Nest fellows visiting the weavers in Varanasi, to get further input from them and their families about the future weaving facility., Benta, one of our brass artisans in Nairobi (and a wonderful mother), at home with all her girls in red silk dresses sent from Maiyet!, A visit to the lovely and talented Crochet sisters. Nairobi, Kenya, Check out a great article on Maiyet and the Varanasi project !!  http://fashion.telegraph.co.uk/news-features/TMG10146290/Meet-the-masterminds-behind-Maiyet.html, In Kenya this week doing artisan visits and research.  This morning was spent with a beautiful group of Maasai women in a field outside Nairobi, looking at their beadwork., So excited to have Maiyet designers working with our weavers in Varanasi this week!, Some amazing new Nest fellowships are available! We are looking for:
 
-a Foundation Research Fellow (Domestic)
-a Materials Sourcing Research Fellow - Sweaters & Knits (Bolivia/Peru)
-a Social Services Research Fellow for the Varanasi Project (Varanasi, India and Domestic)

For more information please view the fellowship opportunities at http://www.buildanest.org/involvement/international-development-fellowship/, Support our friends at Modavanti on Indiegogo: http://www.indiegogo.com/projects/modavanti
They're not only supporting sustainable fashion but also donating 2% of sales to Nest!, A gorgeous event hosted by BY BOE for Nest in their Dumbo studio on Tuesday evening.  All proceeds of by boe jewelry sales went to Nest--thank you so much!, In Varanasi:  The Nest fellows went into the village this weekend to meet the weavers,  and learn the weaving experience firsthand!, In Swaziland last week Nest fellows Ellen, Charlotte, and Sam taught Nest's business curriculum to artisans at Quazi Design (pictured here) Baobab Batik Swaziland and Gone Rural Swaziland., null, Our fellows, Frank and Stacey, have arrived in Varanasi from the UK!  Here, they are beginning to create the business model for Loom to Luxury, the organization that will be housed in the new weaving facility., Last Friday four young Kenyan men (all parentless) with interest in brass casting apprenticeships came to visit Anton's new workshop in Nairobi.  Here, he begins to show them the skills of the trade., Last day to buy our Nest Pendant Necklace at Art in the Age: http://bit.ly/16zGiQJ

Wear it and show your support!, Don't forget to take part in our Nest Pendant Necklace flash sale at Art in the Age!  Supporting better working conditions for artisans internationally, and in celebration of the launch of our Varanasi project--a state of the art weaving facility in Varanasi, in collaboration with Maiyet and architect David Adjaye., NEST PENDANT NECKLACE FLASH SALE--THIS WEEK ONLY. 
http://www.artintheage.com/store/specials/promotions/nest-pendant-necklace.html
Please join us in solidarity with those in Bangladesh and in support of better working conditions internationally.  All proceeds go to creating safe workshops and fair wages for Nest artisans in Varanasi, India and Nairobi, Kenya., Great Nest mention in Elle!, Last nights dinner hosted by Barneys and Maiyet. A beautiful and successful launch!, null, null, Petra, Nest's on-site project manager in Nairobi, took a weekend visit to Taita Hills where a new artisan group is doing beautiful basket weaving--hoping to begin working with them soon!, In Varanasi:  Caroline Poiner, who runs Artisans of Fashion out of Australia, filmed at the weaving workshop for a documentary she's creating showcasing the importance of saving traditional crafts in India., The newest member of the Nest family has arrived! Ella Louise van Bergen was born yesterday to Rebecca, Nest's founder and Executive Director and her husband Chris, our Director of Development.  Congratulations!, null, New workshop!, This Friday the 26th, come support our friends Textile Arts Center for A Night of Color-- a spring fundraiser for their natural dye program.  Amazing food, cocktails, and designs. TAC does an incredible job of maintaining traditions of craft here in New York.  Come celebrate!

, The Maiyet Varanasi Silk Capsule Collection is now at Barneys New York Madison Ave. Made by our Varanasi silk weavers, this collection is the launch of the biggest and most intensive Nest project yet--the construction of a groundbreaking new weaving facility in India.  Stay tuned for more information!, Nest necklaces have arrived. Keep watching--available for purchase soon!
Made by our artisans in Nairobi., Nest is on Instagram!  Follow us at @buildanest!, Great shout out to Nest in this amazing article about Maiyet on Virgin.com! Read and share!, Good morning from Ahmedabad! Commuting to work..., Happy Friday from Varanasi--have a beautiful weekend!, Rebecca, Founder and Executive Director of Nest, presents a Nest overview and training session for Maiyet staff--discussing cultural traditions, in country projects, and the challenges and successes of artisan production.  (Photo courtesy of Maiyet), Flipping through old Nest photos-- this is a favorite from Togo, where we worked with batik artistans (and their families!), Spring means more light! This bonfire launched last weeks Holi festival in India--a beautiful festival of colors celebrating the triumph of good over evil. See more Holi photos from Nest India on our tumblr, www.nest-guild.tumblr.com, Have you seen our Nest promotional video?  Please watch, and come see more of Nest's artisan work and partnerships at vimeo.com/buildanest!, Congratulations to our friends Danny and Mirra!  Their project, Perennial Plate, looks at sustainable food production and culinary tradition around the world--a mission very much in line with Nest's!  Be sure to check out all their films. http://www.theperennialplate.com/ , Happy April!  Spring is here.  We are thrilled to be one of the featured causes at  Modavanti, an amazing new site for sustainable fashion.  Check it all out at www.modavanti.com, Getting excited about working with Maasai beaders in Kenya!, Photo from a recent visit to the studio of Lotta Jansdotter (Lotta Jansdotter Official Page)- a planning meeting for the color and design workshops she'll be teaching to embroidery and applique artisans in Ahmedabad this October., null, Currently working on completing the beautiful interior of Anton and Benta's new jewelry workshop., Update from Varanasi: Jitendra, the leader of the silk weaving business, oversees the outfitting of an expanded temporary production space for the weavers, to use until the new facility is up and running!, Researching new artisan partners in Kenya--we love these woven baskets., null, Jitendra, manager of the weavers in Varanasi, and Sara, the on-site program manager, attend the Kumbh Mela Festival in Allahabad.     This festival happens every three years and rotates between 4 cities located on some of Hindu's sacred rivers. It is not only the world's largest religious gathering, but this year's main bathing day on February 10th was estimated to be the largest gathering of humans on a single day, with about 30 million people bathing. Over 100 million are estimated to visit the festival over the entire 55 days., Update from Ahmedabad, India:  This week, embroidery and applique artisans attend business and design workshops using the newly updated Nest curriculum., Update from Nairobi: New workshop is finished!  Currently working on the etching for NEST necklaces samples., Reef slip ons, made with fabric from NEST artisans in Togo! 
We're ready for summer.  , This week in Varanasi: Chris, our Director of Development, and Jitendra, Manager of the weavers, scope out a site for the new weaving facility to be built!, Last night marked the first meeting of the NYC Nest Guild at the soon-to-be Maiyet retail space in Soho (still under construction!) Thanks so much to everyone who came--an amazing group!  Looking forward to more....., Rebecca and Nest are featured on PBS Newshour!!!!
Watch the video here: http://www.pbs.org/newshour/rundown/2013/01/profile-of-nest.html, null, In the NY office: Photographing and compiling beautiful embroidery, applique, and silk weaving samples from Ahmedabad and Varanasi.  Also choosing a patterns and colors for Nest make-up bags and ties, coming soon!, Varanasi Project Update:  Gabby, Nest Professional Fellow,  and Sara, On-site Project Manager, spent the week in Varanasi completing Nest's Business Curriculum for artisans in India.  (With help from Hannah, Nest Professional fellow in NY!), A trip to the Rubin Museum of Art --getting inspiration from the Modernist Art from India exhibit and other amazing Himalayan Art., Fancy Shades on Pure Silk from the Varanasi weavers thread book, In Nairobi, Kenya, Nest is working with Anton and Benta--a husband and wife team of brass casters.  Brass casting is an ancient process by which molten metal is filled into a mold made from sand. Materials are cost-effective and accessible, yet often result in an inconsistent quality of product, and a diminished price. Nest will spend 2013 helping Anton and Benta elevate and refine this process in order to allow for both greater market access and greater income by selling higher-quality, higher-priced items to international market. As part of this process, construction of both a new home and workshop for Anton and Benta will be completed. This will included a detailed safety audit, ensuring that the new workshop is in compliance with safe practices and is equipped with the supplies and equipment necessary to expand operations so that more artisans can be hired, more families supported, and more lives improved., Check out more travel photos from the Bogota neighborhood we're working in at www.nest-guild.tumblr.com.  Follow us there to keep up with Nest artisan craft techniques as well-- one technique to be posted each week!, Nest is in Bogota, visiting an amazing new workshop!  Yesterday Carlos showed us his process of lost wax casting., Happy Monday!  Over the weekend in Varanasi, Sara (on-site manager) and Jitendra (manager of the weavers) visited Muslim weavers and their families at their homes to share sweets, thank them for all their hard work, and discuss the importance of inspiring and encouraging younger generations to carry on the tradition of weaving--as well as challenges of doing so., Ahmedabad Update: Nest's on-site program manager, Elizabeth, works on spinning with an artisan in Patan., null, Kenya Update: Final touches on the Jewelry workshop in Nairobi--getting ready to move tools and equipment in!, Getting samples made for new Nest tote bags at Nest's organic cotton weaving project in Uganda--available soon!, New photos from Maiyet's shoot in Kenya!, Happy end of 2012! Last chance for year end donations to Nest! Supporting our artisans helps to promote peace and prosperity around the world., Check out this great Fast Company article on Rebecca and the founding and transformation of Nest!
http://www.fastcompany.com/3003912/how-rebecca-van-bergen-built-nest-artisans-all-over-world, In today's spirit of celebration and togetherness, here's a photo from Kenya, showing the past week's progress being made on Anton's jewelry workshop in Nairobi.  
Happy Holidays from Nest!, null, Update from Varanasi:  Happy Birthday Jitendra!  

This past week was Jitendra's birthday, manager of the weavers. For his birthday he bought sweaters, cake and snacks for a group of disabled kids who make handicrafts together., Lack of consistent supply of water coupled with poor sanitation is a chief driving factor in inhibiting the establishment of sustainable food security systems--directly impacting a woman’s employement. 

Voss Foundation is aiding Nest artisans by funding the construction of 5 water pumps, 30 pit latrines and also training in proper usage, management, and maintenance of the project and its technology. The pumps & latrines will be located in the villages where two of our artisan partners are located-- touching artisans, their families and communities., Kenya Update:  New brass pouring workshop in progress!, Kenya Update: Anton's current brass pouring workshop, followed by the workshop in progress that Nest is building!, Thanks to everyone who came last Thursday! And many thanks to the Textile Arts Center, Art in the Age, Voss Water, and Lagunitas IPA for making it possible!, Update In Varanasi: Getting the first round of the current Maiyet production order ready and shipped!, TONIGHT!  7-9 PM at 26 W 8th St.  
JOIN US for sweet chai, ginger cocktails, wine, beer and hot samosas to celebrate and support Nest artisans in India., Don't forget to stop by THIS THURSDAY from 7-9 for a Nest Indian Winter Party! 26 W 8th St at the Textile Arts Center., Maiyet shoots their next campaign in India, where they work with Nest artisans in Ahmedabad and Varanasi. , In Swaziland: Spread the message! Support Swazi artisans and activism against Gender-Based Violence. , Happy Thanksgiving from Nest!, Reminder for our Indian Winter event on Thursday, December 6th!
Come by for craft spirits and cocktails from Art in the Age (artintheage.com)., null, The festival of lights., null, In Ahmedabad, India: Heena and Jinal, hook ari artisans, work on a Maiyet piece.  See the design in its final product here: http://maiyet.tumblr.com/post/32745960441/maiyet-spring-2013-show-at-palais-de-tokyo-in, In Varanasi, India: The next generation of Nest! The daughter of one of Nest's weavers prepares for a big wedding this weekend., In Kenya: This Maiyet piece was recently made from a brass mould by Nicholas, a new artisan on the team.  Shown is the brass rod it was melted from, as well as a finished and unfinished version., Come see us on vimeo! 
https://vimeo.com/buildanest
Featuring a new promotional video!, Maiyet + Nest available online now!, One month till Nest's winter party! Save December 6th for Indian street food, cardamom cocktails, and milky chai tea to raise money for artisans in Varanasi, Ahmedabad, and Panchachuli!, Project managers from Nest sites in Varanasi and Ahmedabad met in Darjeeling this weekend to discuss work and progress, as well as meet in person for the first time., An interesting NYTimes article on women, craft, and employment.  A good reminder of the importance of our work! , Another from the Swaziland fashion show--particularly love this piece by Quazi Design, NEST is seeking a business student or young professional to volunteer to assist one of our artisan partners in INDIA in some forecasting & pricing strategy. It can be done from the US and with flexibility (nights and weekends are fine!) Interested? Or know someone who is? Contact me!! rebecca@buildanest.org., Absolutely amazing fashion show from Swaziland artisans--please check this out!, null, SAVE THE DATE!, Voss foundation working with Nest Artisans!  , null, just picked up from Brooklyn....
50 exquisite handmade cuffs by artist/designer Darcy Miro for Nest, null, NEST PRESS!, null, and more Nest press!
click on TAKE THIS JOB AND LOVE IT at 

http://www.dreamchasers.msn.com/, Saturday afternoon at the Old Biscuit Mill in Cape Town for the Artisan Craft and Food Market, at the chamber of commerce, where NEST is being honored by empact100 as one of the 100 BEST COMPANIES run by a young entrepreneur: http://www.empact100.com/100, the small red basket stack at Gone Rural, Perfect day and night at Rosecraft in Swaziland-- the most wonderful weaving studio, farm, and family., MAIYET'S fall campaign video with model Daria Werbowy. Shot in Kenya where MAIYET + NEST work with jewelry artisans. Guaranteed to be the most beautiful 2 minutes of your day., the latest REEF flats hand beaded in Guatemala! , Team NEST ST. LOUIS plans their fundraiser over wine & treats! Want to organize a group to plan fundraisers for our work? Contact us!, To our Hindu friends in India and around the world, Happy Krishna Janmashtami!  
For the next two days, celebrations are made to honor the birth of Lord Krishna - http://goindia.about.com/od/festivalsevents/p/Govinda.htm, This weekend, we are making Nest an official family business when Chris and I get married! Maiyet helped us celebrate with pre-wedding champagne!, read, learn, share. *and support orgs like Nest!, july monsoon showers, bring beautiful morning rainbows., WE NEED YOUR HELP! Get NEST on the EMPACT 100 list by voting for us today! All it takes is the click of a like button!, yet another amazing artisan product creation. SUPPORT our Indian block printers with a BEAUTIFUL bag or sarong!, lets keep working to keep weaving alive., has everyone seen this version as well? a slightly different take, same great NEST fabric., I own the cream & gold version, how about you? love the attention these beautiful shoes are getting! , getting excited to see the video produced on our trip to Northern India! Here is a photo preview!, null, The latest video featuring NEST artisans in Guatemala. Check our blog to see the shoes & shop reef.com to support the project., Our newest Nester made it into the world! CONGRATULATIONS to Julie Meyer (Nest's Director of Outreach) on her beautiful daughter, Riley!, just finished an amazing week with Timberland UK & our weavers at Panchachuli, India. Excited to see what comes next!, The NEST summer fellows have arrived in their countries. Elizabeth (our Indian program manager) welcomed them with flowers., we think so. what do you think?, see the full spread here: http://www.kinfolkmag.com/gallery/philadelphia-pa/, And stunning pictures too!, A stunning video of our night in Philly at terrain with Kinfolk Magazine., S.H.E. Summit Week (the brainchild of Nest Trustee, Claudia Chan) is about to START! Learn more + sign up!, Garden Party COUNTDOWN! JUNE 5, 6pm. $20. 
The most beautiful event of the year. Be there & share with friends. 
(all proceeds funding our project in Togo, West Africa), Our favors tonight at the lovely Kinfolk Magazine dinner at terrain.  We had a wonderful eve!, We are thrilled to be involved with the lovely Kinfolk Magazine for their Philadelphia dinner to be hosted at terrain this Saturday!  Pictures to come!
http://www.kinfolkmag.com/dinners/, ever wonder how the model works? check out our visual representation of nest Maiyet in Kenya, http://www.nytimes.com/2012/05/15/fashion/15iht-fafrica15.html, Come Celebrate the 25th anniversary of the NATIONAL MUSEUM OF WOMEN IN THE ARTS IN DC:
Global Marketplace, 12-5 TOMORROW., NEST is proud of our new collaboration with LOTTA JANSDOTTER. (jansdotter.com). check out the beautiful scarves & shop to show your love!, today is the day. 8:30pm. La Colombe. (400 Lafayette).

beer + bags + beauty. 

JOIN US., more bag eye candy. MARK YOUR CALENDARS: Dutzi Design, NEST, and Mexican craft: 

MAY 8th. 8:30 - 10pm. La Colombe (400 Lafayette), i love walking into work. such a creative & inspiring place this is., Like these bags by Dutzi Design? We do! Come support NEST and Mexican artisans. 10% off all bags AND 10% to NEST.

May 8th from 8:30pm - 10pm at La Colombe (400 Lafayette Street)., our block print scarves by YALA launch. made by NEST artisans in India. We love, love, love. A perfect thing for SPRING!, nest needs assessment during a rickshaw ride? working while traveling?, birthday day flowers at the office courtesy of maiyet's lovely director of marketing ;-), what our indian program manager elizabeth heard in the rickshaw on the way to work today. just to spice up the rest of our days!, Varanasi weavers in India look at their fabric on the runways!, null, Cristina Ricci hosts the launch of MAIYET in Barney's. Head to toe in NEST & MAIYET artisans. We love., Worth the 1 minute break from working to watch. Love is guaranteed. NEST & Maiyet artisans in action., BARNEYS' WINDOWS PROMOTE NEST.
so exciting!!!, full week of Barney's launches starts today. 10% back to NEST and events galore. Check out the Barney's blog all week for commentary & images~, inspired by the women in the world conference with an unbelievable line-up: lauren bush lauren, sheryl sandberg, leymah gbowee and more., MAIYET launches their Facebook page! Please like it & start following along. , This month NEST it talking about our work in AFRICA. Like Anton & Benta - a husband & wife jewelry making team in Kenya. They need a new workshop. The first 25 people to sign up for sustained giving (nestgiving.org) get this amazing key chain in addition to the NEST Network gift & benefits!, null, oh so beautiful. a video of daria werbowy in maiyet goes live., Looking forward to the Maiyet fashion show in Paris on Sunday!, so excited for our kenyan artisans to see their latest bracelet for maiyet grace the red carpet this weekend!, Richard Branson gives a shout out to MAIYET. , CALLING ALL ILLUSTRATORS, ARTISTS or people good at DRAWING! We need help! contact Rebecca today! (rebecca@buildanest.org) and share on..!, The Nonprofit Quarterly features NEST! (written by former Nester, Saras Chung!), the latest round of REEF shoes from NEST'S project in GUATEMALA are on sale now: http://shop.reef.com/reef-tropic/d/1409_c_291, best valentine's day yet: i fell in love with kenya, heading to Kenya to meet our artisan partners!, our annual report is here! DOWNLOAD today: www.buildanest.org/annualreport, our artisan partners in Swaziland need a WEBSITE. Know a web developer? Are you a developer? Please share this on your wall & help us find someone!! email rebecca@buildanest.org today!!

(note: we will pay, though looking for someone who is willing to give us a nonprofit rate!), maiyet in style.com shopping guide. (also on pre-sale at barneys.com)., well worth seeing. pop on earphones & take a listen., we. agree., http://www.huffingtonpost.com/2012/01/17/uc-davis-arts-study_n_1211617.html?ref=healthy-living&ir=Healthy%20Living

, want to host a chocolate tasting? http://p0.vresp.com/z68zYo, support nest's work in nyc this holiday http://p0.vresp.com/MniolD #vr4smallbiz, remember: nest product deals in NYC this weekend! http://p0.vresp.com/NsITVC #vr4smallbiz, meet chantal and our togolese artists. http://p0.vresp.com/41xeAg, meet Mariana http://p0.vresp.com/GfqJgS #vr4smallbiz, our new website is here. http://p0.vresp.com/CPAW8S #vr4smallbiz, Former NEST loan recipient from Turkey, Sevinc, was the seamstress behind this amazing line. On SALE today! Come stop by if you're in New York!, Worried about funding your Summer Fellowship? http://p0.vresp.com/8xTZNr #vr4smallbiz, NEST + REEF flipflops for sale! http://p0.vresp.com/Q8jdIe, Check out this video!!, More info coming!!!, Chicago: Don't Forget to Buy your Tickets! http://p0.vresp.com/4vXdeF #vr4smallbiz, check out the maiyet line created by amazing artisans worldwide , MAIYET + NEST ON CBS NEWS: http://www.cbsnews.com/stories/2011/10/02/ap/extras/main20114543.shtml, Nest Seattle: Tickets on Sale Now! http://p0.vresp.com/b8xPWq #vr4smallbiz, Check out our partner Maiyet's new site!, Remember to buy your Nest DC tickets! http://p0.vresp.com/cOyaTc, Check it out! Reef is chronicling the filming of their "We Heart Guatemala" documentary with us in Guatemala. Follow along for more!, Read more about our new partnership with Maiyet here!, Reminder: Nest Chicago! http://p0.vresp.com/kPJ0UD #vr4smallbiz, Check out Nest and our founder, Rebecca, in this Fall's Social Impact magazine from Wash U's Brown School of Social Work! Page 17!, A little image of our commitment at The Clinton Global Initiative! More info to come - stay tuned!, Big news! We’re going to announce a new commitment at The Clinton Global Initiative 2011 around 1 p.m. EST today. You can watch it live at this link!, Please join us at Terrain in Glen Mills, PA, this Saturday, for their first annual Harvest Festival!  Nest is excited to be a part of this fun Fall event!
http://www.shopterrain.com/index.cfm/fuseaction/event.index, Register now for Nest Chicago! http://p0.vresp.com/le1fUw http://www.eventbrite.com/event/2144564450, A few spots left for Fete d'Artisan! http://p0.vresp.com/dSHtVz #vr4smallbiz, Please join Nest DC for an Evening Bazaar on October 14th. We'll have a sitar player, a popular Indian DJ, cocktails, Indian cuisine, a silent auction and more! It's sure to be a phenomenal event. To learn more about this event visit: www.BuildaNest.com/Nestination, We are thrilled for this event on Friday night at Terrain outside of Philly.  The generous Grace Bonney of Design*Sponge will be holding a raffle benefitting Nest!  Thank you, Grace and Terrain!  Philly friends... we can't wait to see you there!
For ticket information, please see link below or www.shopterrain.com., Please join Project Ethos for its largest showcase in San Diego to date. A night filled with fashion, indie music and groundbreaking art to be held on September 15 at the House of Blues. A portion of the proceeds generously go to Nest!, Our next Nest Success Story is up on Shecky's Girls Night Out. Read more to learn Kannamal's inspiring story!

http://www.sheckys.com/2011/08/29/nest-success-story-kannamal/
, Fete d'Artisan: SAVE THE DATE! http://p0.vresp.com/21KJKH #vr4smallbiz, A great and exciting event!  Proceeds from the raffle this day will benefit Nest!  Thank you, Grace and Terrain!
, Thank you to BelleStyle Bijoux for putting up their Amazon Woman Necklace with 35% of proceeds going to us here at Nest! , Check out Julia's experience as a Nest Summer Fellow for the second year. This time she's in Kpalime, Togo with Aklala Batik! Follow along with her blog here., Mother and daughter of one of our artisan families in San Antonio, Guatemala, who we are currently visiting with Reef, in Guatemala with REEF checking out our artisan communities. REEF flipflops available soon!, Check out Evanescence's Amy Lee wearing our REROUTE bracelet! So cool - we love her!, Calling all LA, Orange Country and Pasadena people! Send your contacts to help grow Nest in your area to julie@buildanest.com!! , Fabulous jewelry designer Veronica Willingham to donate 30% of proceeds to us at Nest - check out more details here!, Emily is another Nest Summer Fellow in Togo. She was involved in Global Challenge which allowed her to volunteer locally in Colorado as well as overseas in Panama and this past semester she studied in Tanzania, Africa. Read her blog here!, We're so excited that Project Ethos chose us as their charitable partner as it heads to the city-by-the-bay for its event featuring the boldest & brightest local emerging talents in its signature red carpet fashion, music & art event.

Purchase tickets & head to the supperclub on 8.11.11., Cool article from The Thread Project on our Charleston Board President, Harper Poe and Proud Mary!, Jackie - our Togo-based Summer Fellow, is blogging here at Living Thanks, she leaves in just  few short weeks! Read her inspiring story in advance!, HELP NEST WIN AN EBAY GRANT! http://p0.vresp.com/tETQid #vr4smallbiz, Learn how to find your creative eye and support Nest all at once! Read more here and sign up, it's an e-class so you can take it from anywhere!, Next up in our Summer Fellow Spotlight is Nikki Brand of UC-Berkeley. Read her account of her time in Panajachel here to see how she's working with Nest and our communities., We need your help! We've entered the Changemakers competition Powering Economic Opportunity: Create a World that Works, in partnership with eBay Foundation - semifinalists are being announced July 20th and we'd love for you to check out our submission in advance, leave a comment and ask questions, and share it with your friends! THANK YOU!, Join Nest DC next Thursday at a Bollywood Dance Workshop! Choreographer Vishal Kanoi will be teaching the dance class. There's a ticket fee of $35 in advance ($40 at the door). All ticket sales will benefit Nest. Register now! This event is sure to sell out: http://www.buildanest.com/dc, Another of our awesome Summer Fellows, Darcy Andrews, is in Panajachel, Guatemala - you can read her blog here. Darcy came to Nest by way of SoCal and Brown!, Check out the blog of our amazing Summer Fellow, Kate Weschler! She is volunteering in San Pedro, Guatemala with our Highlands Group this summer. More Summer Fellow spotlights to come!, Great article on Nest from The Source, the magazine of the Ethical Fashion Forum! , NEST + Kahina Beauty collaboration in PEOPLE Style Watch!, Want to help Nest fund more women in Africa? "Like" our eBay Changemakers grant, comment and spread the word. Thanks!

http://www.changemakers.com/economicopportunity/entries/building-nest-africa-microbartering-grow-women-crafts-c, Check out our new monthly series on Shecky's Girls Night Out, Nest Success Stories, we're proud to have our artisans highlighted!, Nest NYC's Second Annual Garden Party, Amazing post from Karen Walrond on motherhood, ONE, and us! Check out her blog and leave a comment for a chance to win a Nest scarf from our artisans in Kenya - it's ultra-soft!, We're so proud to be included in BIRCHBOX's "just because" packages featured by Vogue! Check out our cocktail napkins from artisans we work with in India. , null, null, site visit in the DR!, null, the REROUTE bracelets are here! Supported by Mary J. Blige's Foundation at their concert, they are on sale at NEST now! Buy yours today.

http://www.buildanest.com/product.asp?productid=2619, If you are in Philly, come celebrate Cinco de Mayo with us!, a special thanks to nyc jewelry designer annelie berner for teaching our women in Queens jewelry skills for our latest project the REROUTE project., our first domestic project helping women trafficked into nyc launches may 1. nick kristof understands why. , Check out Nest products as a few of Lauren Bush's favorite picks on Gilt Groupe today!, Thank you to the Tranquil Space Foundation for once again generously supporting Nest and our programs., rebecca's nephew loves nest. necklace or mobile, you pick :), Our own Founder, Rebecca Kousky, speaks today at The George Washington School of Business symposium illustrating the interplay between business, government, and the global economy!, In partnership with the St. Louis Cardinal baseball player, Albert Pujols' Family Foundation, NEST launched a project in the Dominican Republic. We LOVE the bags they have created for the Foundation!, NEST + FEED + American Eagle bags on display in Times Square! Amazing!, thank you to TED.com for the shout-out today!, null, Happy International Women's Day! If you haven't already, go click on Google's "doodle." A HUGE thank you to Google for recognizing Nest as an organization that helps provide women in developing countries with economic stability. 

On the 100th anniversary of International Women's Day, do your part to make a difference: http://www.google.com/events/iwd2011/#tab1, back from an amazing trip to india. enjoy the photographs!, null, null, HAPPY VALENTINE'S DAY. BE INSPIRED. XO + love from the NEST TEAM., A company we love, Apolis Activism. Check it out!, Kathleen met with REEF today. Excited for our We Heart Guatemala flipflops!, thank you taking our retreat photos, adi!, null, A fearless leader on our DC board - Laura Rankin is a fabulous woman we love!, Thank you for the awesome event this weekend, Melanie! The City Board retreat wouldn't have been the same!, For those of you who aren't able to join us at this weekend's city chapter retreat, we'll be live tweeting throughout the weekend. Follow us at twitter.com/buildanest for photos and updates from the various Nest events taking place in snowy New York City!, not the best way to start the city retreat. i hope all of you can still come! we will cozy up + be inspired!, on the city retreat agenda: Lauren Bush to talk about ethical fashion and her partnership with NEST artisans., getting ready for the nest city retreat. we love our chapter members., amazing. we were adopted by a beautiful blog. visit, follow-up, sign-up for the nest giveaways ;-), we have all seen the critics of microfinance, read nest's response here., nest trustee tamara magel opens her studio in soho. we couldn't be happier. stay tuned for a line of nest + tamara magel items coming soon.

http://www.nytimes.com/2011/01/13/garden/13open.html?_r=1&ref=garden., http://www.nytimes.com/interactive/2009/08/26/magazine/20090826-a-womens-world-reader-photos.html#/0, launching nest london this weekend. know london folks? send them our way., rachel bilson with the nest + feed bag!, new indian photographs courtesy of our former indian facilitator, sarah lee. enjoy!, null, null, last two days to donate + get free dinner. and give hope to women around the world. 

win-win-win., null, our new nest + reef flipflops. gotta love them., Give a little, get a little - if you make a $25 donation to Nest now, you'll get a $25 gift card to Restaurant.com, where you can buy discounted certificates to a huge variety of local restaurants in your area!  Who wouldn't want to receive the gift of going out to dinner?, CNN says, shop Nest this holiday season for a gift that gives back!, Great news for us, Proud Mary and Profounder! Check it out!, The NEST + Kahina partnership will continue ONLINE! Nest partnered with Kahina Giving Beauty to create a travel set. The cosmetic case was stitched by Nest artisans in Kolkata who use this employment to avoid prostitution. 

A donation of $5 will be made to Nest for every gift set purchased., null, null, null, null, null, null, Our founder, Rebecca Kousky is watching the first round of TED talks today with Jessica Jackley, co-founder of Kiva, the founder of Crowd Wise and the founder of Fuck Cancer, We just returned from a community audit for American Eagle + FEED Projects to see the women's groups producing their products. Check out our pictures here., David Roodman on India's microcredit crisis - great read!, A shout out to our partner, Trina Turk, we're so grateful for your support!, Check out Sarah Jones, an incredible performance and woman we love. , Reef is working with our Guatemalan loan recipients to create a new "We Heart Guatemala" sandal.  We're so excited about this new partnership - and we need your help to decide what color the new sandals should be! Go to their page to get started under their "We Heart" tab!, Hi Everyone, 
We have several Rugby Ralph Lauren events coming up around the country so please be sure to RSVP to the one in your city! Help up spread the word as well!
Thanks a million,
Nest, Everybody must be an artisan - check out this NYTimes article that shares the idea that, "Everyone today has to be an artisan and bring something extra to their jobs.", Please vote for Nest until Oct. 22nd as Small Charity of the Year!, We already have some submissions for the Best Nest-er contest, just upload your photo to our page and tag your friends (or have them tag themselves), and make the caption Best Nest-er. We'll include all submissions in our album and you'll have a chance to keep voting until the contest ends December 6th!, The numbers are in. Working together, Green with Envy Events, NiMA Integrated Marketing Boutique, and the ALL VOLUNTEER Nest DC Board raised ~$14,000 at the Midnight in Marrakesh event, the highest in the organization's history. Thank you, DC!, Our domestic designer, Pamela Tuohy, is featured in Lucky Magazine this month! You can purchase her gorgeous products at Nest!, To thank our supporters, we want to reward our "Best Nest-er" with $50 towards shopping on our site.

Starting today, upload photos of you and your friends to our page (make sure it includes a Nest product), tag yourself, and then get your friends to vote!  They vote by tagging themselves in your photo-to do so they must become a Fan! The photo with the most tags/votes on December 6th wins!, Thank you to everyone who came to the Midnight in Marrakesh event last night. It was one of our most successful events to date, because of you!, Last DC Update (we think): we are very, very close to selling out and will not have tickets for sale at the door. If you are planning to come tonight, please purchase your tickets online this morning (registration ends at noon). Hope to see you then!, Nest DC: If you're attending Midnight in Marrakesh tonight (and we hope that you are!), please note that the Moroccan Ambassador will be speaking around 6:40pm so be sure to arrive on the early side!, Great Q&A with Rebecca Kousky on Authentic Contemporary Art blog!, Meet our cooperative in Tigmijjou, Morocco!, If you haven't purchased your ticket(s) to Midnight in Marrakesh yet, please do so soon by going to www.buildanest.com/joinus.asp, as we have limited capacity and the VIP tickets have almost sold out!, Check out this great SHINE feature on Rebecca Kousky in The Billion Dollar Girls Club!, Check out our recent post in Pamela's Punch: Quench your thirst with Pamela Sorensen. Thanks for the love, Pamela!, Nest DC: we need your help! Do you or anyone you know have a shop that has one or more mannequins? We need to borrow 2-3 for one night (Oct 7) and can provide a tax deduction/donation receipt for $65 per mannequin., Claudia Chan interviews our Rebecca Kousky about Nest! Check it out!, K is for Knitting! New post over at the Nest Blog, Tablehopper on our upcoming dinner this Sunday in SF! Join us!, Join us this Sunday in San Francisco for our Fete d'Artisan at Slow Club! Thanks, Daily Candy!, Can't wait to get our hands on one of our new bags :), Check out our work in Morocco!, Nest DC: SAVE THE DATE: Friday, December 3, for Dinner at the Moroccan Ambassador's Residence! More info available at the Midnight in Marrakesh event., Awesome inclusion of our FEED totes in Lucky Magazine!, Check out Sheryl WuDunn, author of "Half the Sky" at TED - amazing speech., Many thanks to CRAVE DC - celebrating stylish women entrepreneurs for rallying DC's most stylish and savvy entreprenesses to come to the aid of their counterparts in Morocco!, Thank you, Pamela's Punch: Quench your thirst with Pamela Sorensen, for supporting our upcoming Midnight in Marrakesh event! We are so excited to have you on board!!!, Headed out to meet with the Moroccan Embassy for the upcoming Midnight in Marrakesh event on October 7. Get excited DC!, Preview of our new Togo bags! So beautiful, get excited to shop!, Good meeting last night for Nest DC's "Midnight in Marrakesh" event on Thursday, October 7. We'll be sending out invitations next week so keep an eye out. For now, please save the date!, New batik - check it out!
, Annie O Designs from Peru! Check them out on Nest!, The next installment in our series on thread! Enjoy!, A series on thread...for your reading pleasure. Happy Monday!, Happy Friday! Celebrate by learning more about Nest overall in this great new video! Have a great weekend!, Another great video to explain our work in Guatemala -- please check it out!, Curious about our work in India? A new video to share more of what we're up to is now available to view!, DC friends - Save the Date: Thursday, October 7, for Midnight in Marrakech with Nest DC!, Like Yellowcake? Check out our new monthly interview series at the blog. First up? Musician, Matt Greenbaum., Entrepreneurship: The Next Generation highlights Rebecca in their 30 Under 30!, An artist on Nest is doing a raffle to raise funds for a great cause! Read more to learn how you can help!, Do you agree? Mushmina says, "we see our creative process as a global exchange of ideas and as an opportunity to develop new relationships across cultures.", Terrific post on our FEED bags! Woohoo!, Our NYC favorite, Amy Shoenberger, talking Nest!, Top news from Nest countries -- giving you some intel on where we are and what's happening locally., Feel like sharing? Tell your friends about Nest via Crowdrise.com!, We launched our new blog, Bangles and Burlap. Keep up with us there too! http://nest-buildanest.blogspot.com/, Check out videos from this week's East Village Garden Party in NYC! Were you there?, Check out Nest on the HuffPo! http://www.huffingtonpost.com/naomi-hirabayashi/feed-projects-joins-force_b_587817.html, Check out our new profile on Link For Health!, Check out 944's Top 9 Ways WE empower female artists!, Check out Nest in Parle Magazine!, What do you all think about The Third Billion?, Learn more about not only our DC Board Member, Summer, but also Rachida for whom we are currently raising money!, Perfect gift for Mother's Day! Nest/Feed bags available at Lord & Taylor! So exciting!!!!, Check out Nest in today's Santa Barbara Skinny!, Hi Nesters - we're back from our Morocco trip and we're working to raise money to help Rachida, one of our cooperative members, get back on her feet after a terrible house fire! Please consider donating and help spread the word!, A photo from our Litchfield trunkshow!, Today we're on the homepage of Real Beauty Is... so shop for a cause with us! Thanks so much, Lori!, Check out the happenings at our recent DC event at Rugby store on Pamela's Punch!, Check out MoFA's Online Auction benefiting Nest -- how cool?!, Read up on Nest at We Are Women Rising today!, Check out Nest and Rebecca in this month's Lucky Mag! Shop for a cause!, null, Great blog post on Nest's work from The Interiorevolution -- check it out!, Check out this awesome school project on NEST!, Meet Chantal -- one of our loan recipients in Togo!, Great note from Sara, our Peace Corps. volunteer in Togo after Rebecca and Melissa's trip this month!, Hi everyone -- definitely recommend checking out this three-minute video created by EggMan that has images from 500 Years of Female Portraits in Western Art -- very cool., As promised, the transcript from Rebecca's recent interview, up on Have Fun, Do Good!, Melissa's last photos from Nest's Togo trip -- glad everyone's home safe and sound!, More pics from Togo! Our loan recipient and her son!, Rebecca's most recent pic from Togo! Follow her year in photos here: http://i-can-spin-skies.blogspot.com/, Mini update from Rebecca and Melissa in Togo!, Help us get ready to launch our Spring line by shopping the nest sale going on now! All purchases support and empower women artisans globally!, From our Nest Boston info event this week! International products!, Just a few photos from our St. Louis event this week at Design Within Reach!, null, null, Check out our founder, Rebecca Kousky, on the Big Vision Podcast! Transcript coming soon too!, In Boston? Free Tuesday, February 9th from 7-9 pm? Want to learn more about Nest? Email: katepokorny@gmail.com and come to our Meet & Greet Info Session in Back Bay!, The Nest sale started yesterday! Shop often to support female artists worldwide: www.buildanest.com, http://www.nau.com/collective/grant-for-change/rebecca-kousky-853.html
VOTE FOR NEST! This grant competition is based on votes! All you have to do is click on the link, take two seconds to sign-in or register and then rate our entry! :) Your vote can help more women in India receive business training for their craft! Please vote for us and send this on to your friends!, PROUD MARY PILLOW SALE! 50% off at Nest. A portion of the proceeds will help women in poverty build up their livelihoods for themselves and their families., Whole Living | Body + Soul
August 2007)