List(The Castle Island Association needs you! Volunteer to be a tour guide this summer. Open to all ages. Meeting today (Saturday April 2) and tomorrow (Sunday April 3) @ 12:30 pm., The Castle Island Association needs you! Informational meetings this Saturday and Sunday @ 12:30 PM! Details below., Congratulations to Mavis! She was our final Easter basket winner.    Stay tuned for more giveaways to kick off spring!, Come try our Chili Dogs served with cheese! Looking for something lighter? Try our chicken Caesar Wraps or Caesar salads!

The Castle Island Association needs tour guides this summer! Stop by for an informational meeting this Saturday/Sunday (April 2-3) @ 12:30 pm. Meet outside the front door of the fort., We will be closed for Easter tomorrow. Come to Castle Island tomorrow for the Easter Sunrise Mass at 6:34AM. Sponsored by the Castle Island Association., We have all your seafood needs for Good Friday! Come in today for our handed breaded seafood!, We are giving away tickets for the Bruins vs Panther's Tonight!! Buy a Lobster Roll before 3:30pm today and receive a raffle ticket for your chance to win!, We will be closed this Sunday for Easter. The Sunrise Mass is also this Sunday (March 27) at Castle Island @ 6:34AM!, Congratulations to Amanda Palmer! She was our first Easter basket winner! Another winner will be drawn this Friday (March 25) Every $20 spent gives you a chance to win!, We are open today! Shovel out those cars and come down for lunch. We have exactly what you need to deal with this snow!, Hope everyone had an enjoyable St. Patrick's Day! We will be closed this Sunday so our employee's can watch the parade with their families.

We are pulling the first Easter basket winner tonight! Every $20 spent is worth a raffle ticket!, Only a few days left till we pull our first Easter basket winner! The winning ticket will be pulled this Friday (March 18th) We will also be closed This Sunday March 20th for the Parade., We are pulling our first Easter basket winner this Friday (March 18)! Every $20 spent gives you a chance to win!, Best price in Boston! Come in for one of our customer favorite's for only $12.95!, Starting to feel like Spring out there. We are giving away a Sullivan's Easter Basket! Spend 20$ to receive a raffle ticket!, Come in for our freshly hand breaded Cod fish sandwich or  Haddock fish n chip!, Today is the last day for half price hot dogs!! Come in and try our newest menu item, a Jumbo Lump Crab Cake Sandwich!, Hot dogs are half price till Friday (March 4th). Come in for our classic snap dogs for lunch or dinner!, Thank you to everyone that came out opening weekend! We are open 7 days a week till 5-530 PM., Opening Day is finally here!! John Connors was once again our first customer of the season for the 5th straight year! Hot dogs will be 1/2 price through March 4th to kick off the season. 

*Our newest menu item for 2016 is a Jumbo Lump Crab Cake Sandwich*, Opening Day for the 2016 Season is Tomorrow! Half price dogs thru March 4! New menu item Jumbo Lump Crab Cake sandwich-it's delicious., Opening Day is next Saturday 2/27! Hot Dogs are .95 thru March 4. Can't wait to see everyone-sure sign that spring is around the corner!, Today is the last day of the season! Thanks to all the customers that came by this season. We will Re-Open Saturday, February 27th!, Last day of the season is Sunday (Nov. 29th)! Come in for 1/2 priced hot dogs and 30 cent hot chocolate!, Happy Thanksgiving! We are immensely thankful to have the best team of people that make up the Sully’s Family. Closed today, last day of the 2015 season is this Sunday 11/29., The morning coffee klatch on Castle Island will never be the same... Our thoughts and prayers are with ‘Mr. Wacko’s’ family and friends., Only one week left till the end of the season! Closing this Sunday (Nov. 29). Last chance for 1/2 price hot dogs and 30 cent hot chocolate!, Come out come out wherever you are. Last day of the season is 11/29/15 one week from today., Wow! What perfect weather today to enjoy 45¢ soft serves or razzles- special today for Harry’s Birthday & to Celebrate his 45 years at Sullivan’s! Plus, hot dogs are 1/2 price-only 95¢. Closing today around 3:30., Celebrate 30 years with our General Manager Chris Lane! Hot Chocolate will be 30 cents until the last day of the season!, Customer appreciation month continues with a lobster roll special. For today only (Nov. 16) lobster rolls are only $8.95!! Only 2 weeks left till we close for the season!, Only 2 days left for 45 cent fish sandwiches! Today and tomorrow (Nov 12+13)  come celebrate Harry's 45th year at Sullivan's with his favorite menu item!, Thank you to all the veterans who have served our country!

New Sullivan's fleece's are now available! Check out http://store.sullivanscastleisland.com/ to order or purchase one when you stop by for lunch. Great for the holidays!, Customer appreciation month continues this week with a 45 cent fish sandwich and 1/2 price hot dogs! Come in and get Harry's favorite item while supplies last., In honor of Harry's 45 years at Sullivan's, we will be selling Fish Sandwiches for 45 cents all next week! Starting tomorrow (Nov. 9) through Friday (Nov. 13) limit 2 per customer.

Hot Dogs are 1/2 price all month!, Saturday, November 7 @ 10 am – 11:30 am is the Olmsted's Seaside Promenade!

Enjoy a leisurely exploration of an ocean-side promenade park that Frederick Law Olmsted designed and referred to as “Pleasure Bay.”This walk is being offered jointly by the National Park Service and the Massachusetts DCR, Check out Chris and Harry in caught in Southie!

http://www.caughtinsouthie.com/people/characterofmonth/harry-markarian-and-chris-lane

Hot dogs are also 1/2 off all month!, Hot Dogs are 1/2 price throughout November! It's our way of saying thank you another great season!, Saturday, November 7 @ 10 am – 11:30 am is the Olmsted's Seaside Promenade!

Enjoy a leisurely exploration of an ocean-side promenade park that Frederick Law Olmsted designed and referred to as “Pleasure Bay.”  

This walk is being offered jointly by the National Park Service and the Massachusetts DCR.
 
., November is customer appreciation month! Hot Dogs will be 1/2 price till the end of the season!, The end of the season is a month away! Starting November 1st, hot dogs will be half priced till the last day of the season!, Congratulations to Josh Mullins! He was our Bruins Ticket winner from last week!.

Hot Chocolate is back! Stay warm with a hot cup today!, Rain is going to slow down by the afternoon. Perfect timing to bring the kids to the Halloween Magical Castle. Castle is open from 12-4!, The Annual Children's Halloween Magical Castle is today and tomorrow from noon-4!, Could be the last time we see weather in the 70's in 2015! The Annual Children's Halloween Magical Castle is this Saturday and Sunday (Oct 24-25). Come dress up with the kids. We will be dressed up as well!, The Annual Children's Halloween Magical Castle is this Saturday and Sunday (Oct 24-25)! 

Our Bruins Ticket giveaway continues today through Sunday (Oct 25)!., Congratulations to Tim Donovan for being last weeks Bruins ticket winner! We are giving away more tickets this Sunday (Oct 25th)!, This weekend., We are giving away another set of Bruins tickets!! Today through Sunday (Oct 23rd) any seafood item purchased gets you an entry!, We will be drawing this weeks Bruins Ticket winner today!! Make sure to come by and buy a Lobster Roll to enter!, Congratulations to Susan Byrne for being one of last weeks Bruins ticket giveaway winners! We will be pulling more winners this Sunday (Oct 18) so make sure to come in to enter!, Congratulations to Kristyn, Kerry, and Kylie Swift for also winning Bruins tickets last week! We will be drawing this week's winners this Sunday (Oct 18th)!, Purchase a Lobster roll any day until Sunday (Oct 18th) to enter to win Bruins Tickets!! 

The Annual Children's Halloween Magical Castle is Oct 24-25 (Saturday and Sunday) from 12pm-4pm!, Congratulations to Michael, Fiona and Molly Hume for winning last weeks Bruins ticket giveaway! 

We are giving away another set of bruins tickets this week! Come in today through Sunday (Oct 18th) and purchase a lobster roll for your chance to win!, null, There's only 2 days left to enter to win Bruins Tickets! We will be drawing the winning ticket tomorrow (Oct 11th). Purchase a large fry and receive a ticket for your chance to win! Have a great and safe holiday weekend!, Excited for the Bruins Tonight? Want to go to a game this season? Purchase a large fry any day this week till Sunday (Oct 11th) to enter for your chance to win tickets!

The Annual Children's Halloween Magical Castle is Oct 24-25 (Saturday and Sunday) from 12pm-4pm!, Today through Sunday (Oct 11th) purchase a large fry and receive a raffle ticket for a chance to win Bruins tickets!!, The Lobster Roll Special continues today(Oct. 6th). Stop in today for lunch and purchase one for only $8.95! More specials for October are on the way so stay connected with us on Facebook or Twitter so you don't miss out!, Lobster roll special Today10/5/15 for $8.95 plus tax...Stay tuned for specials throughout October..., null, Nuggets, Tenders, Grilled or Fried sandwich? We have all your chicken needs for today!, Due to the onslaught of rain, we will be closing around 3PM! Come get your Sullivan's umbrella to stay dry *ON SALE* for only $15.00!, Down the Island for lunch? We have freshly breaded shrimp and clam strips available everyday!, In case you missed the replay of us on Chronicle from Tuesday here's the link! Come in and try the Lobster Roll everyone has been talking about!

http://www.wcvb.com/chronicle/a-classic-on-castle-island-sullivans/34326822, Get out of the cold and come in for our new hot coffee! We have a variety of soups to choose from as well!, Today is National Cheeseburger Day! Come in for a classic single or a double cheeseburger decorated the way you like!, Great weather today! Perfect to come in for a freshly breaded Fish and Chip! Don't want fried? Try our baked fish!, Start your Monday with a freshly breaded Fish Sandwich for lunch and wash it down with a Raspberry Lime Rickey!, Get ready for tonight's Patriots game with a fried/baked Fish and Chip for lunch! Be sure to call today to see if we are open if it's raining. #GoPats, Happy Labor Day from all of us here at Sullivan's! Thank you to everyone who came to visit this summer with family and friends. We will be open 7 days a week until the end of November. Plenty of time to come try our Lobster Roll!, Hope everyone has a safe Labor Day weekend! Stop by today before the 3rd Annual Labor Day fireworks tonight at 9 PM on the Boston Harbor!, Feels like fall out there today! Come in for our variety of soups!  Labor day fireworks will be this Saturday, September 5th at 9 P.M on the Boston Harbor!, The third annual Labor day fireworks will be this Saturday, September 5th at 9 P.M on the Boston Harbor!! Stay cool today with one of our thick shakes!, The perfect way to end your summer vacation!, Free Shakespeare is back on Castle Island TONIGHT, August 27 from 7:30-9:30 p.m. Bring a lawn chair or blanket and enjoy the @BrownBoxTheatre production! Check out their page for more Boston dates http://www.brownboxtheatre.org/shrew.html Sponsored by @MassDCR, We took our classic hot dog and added chili and cheese to it!! Don't forget about Free Shakespeare coming back to Castle Island this Thursday August 27 from 7:30-9:30 p.m. Sponsored by @MassDCR, Free Shakespeare is back on Castle Island! Thursday August 27 from 7:30-9:30 p.m. Bring a lawn chair or blanket and enjoy the @BrownBoxTheatre production! Check out their page for more Boston dates http://www.brownboxtheatre.org/shrew.html Sponsored by @MassDCR, All of our sea food is freshly breaded all day everyday! Come in any time and try our variety of fish and other seafood!, Castle Island History Facts about John Adams. #castleislandhistory  Make sure to call ahead about closing time due to the weather today!, The heat wave continues! Stay cool with our variety of beverages. Raspberry lime Rickey's, Ice Coffee, Smoothies, or Thick shakes!, Join a DCR park ranger this Wednesday, August 19 from 6:00-7:30 PM for a two mile scenic stroll along Pleasure Bay in South Boston. As early as the 19th century, Frederick Law Olmsted envisioned Marine Park as the final jewel in Boston’s Emerald Necklace and a place for city dwellers to experience sublime nature. Enjoy an evening promenade as we consider the evolution of Olmsted’s vision. This walk is appropriate for adults and children ages 10 and up!, Free tours of Fort Independence from 12-3:30pm today and tomorrow! Learn some Castle Island history before the summer ends then stop by for a classic Sullivan's combo when the tour ends!, Castle Island History Fact about Harry Dearborn! #Castleislandhistory, Don't forget to come visit Fort Independence for free tours this weekend! Tours run from 12:00-3:30 pm every Saturday and Sunday!, Fort Independence Historical Facts about William Shirley!, In case you missed us on Chronicle, here's the link to Harry's interview!
 http://www.wcvb.com/chronicle/a-classic-on-castle-island-sullivans/34326822, Join us at the Castle Island playground for a FREE Summer Kids Exploration Station recommended for kids 6-10 years of age. Explore the plants and critters of Castle Island through arts and crafts, games and hands-on activities at this on-going exploration station. Every Thursday through August 20, 11 am – 2 pm sponsored by DCR!, Get out of the heat and come in for some ice cream! We have plenty of options to choose from to fit everyone's needs!, Today's tours of Fort Independence have been cancelled due to the weather, sorry for the inconvenience. There is plenty of parking available so come down and get a spot while you can! Make sure to stop in for lunch!, Learn the history of Fort Independence this weekend! Free tours run every Saturday and Sunday 12:00-3:30 p.m!, Grab some dinner here tonight then watch us on Chronicle WCVB Channel 5 @ 7:30pm!, Sullivan's will be featured on Chronicle WCVB Channel 5 tonight at 7:30pm! Watch Shayna's interview with Harry on why Castle Island is a classic New England dining spot!, Come in for dinner tonight and treat yourself to our baked fish and lobster roll!, Harry we love ya- 45 yrs at Sullivan's! Watch Shayna's interview with Harry on why Castle Island is a classic New England al fresco dining spot. Tmro (Thurs 7/23) at 7:30pm #chronicle5 Chronicle WCVB Channel 5!, Stay cool tonight with one of our Razzles! Perfect to have while walking around Castle Island!, Start your day off with our new hot coffee and iced coffee options! Not in the mood for coffee? Go with one of our thick shakes!, Going to be a hot one out there today!   Come in for our freshly hand breaded sea food!, Ft. Independence open tonight from 6:30-sunset! Catch 360 views of Boston Harbor and Skyline. Free! Thanks the to all volunteer Castle Island Assoc & Mass. DCR. Guided tours this Sat & Sun from 12-3:30., Stay cool in the heat and try our newest menu items! We now serve Raspberry Lime Rickey's and a V8 Strawberry-Banana smoothie!, Best views of Fireworks tonight at 9:45 pm on Castle Island! Queen Mary 2 sails by Fort Independence at 10 p.m., Be a part of history & watch ‘Hermione’ sail past Ft. Independence tmro at 6:00 a.m.! Welcome the replica as she sails into Boston-music will be trumpeting from the bastions of Ft. Independence to herald her arrival!

When Lafayette sailed past Castle Island into Boston Harbor- on April 28,1780 - it was already fortified by the revolutionaries (the British evacuated 3/17/1776). 

Boston provided the safe haven for Lafayette to give George Washington & his army the secret news that the French would provide reinforcements. The ‘Hermione’ went on to fight for the revolution up and down the Eastern seaboard.   Hermione Voyage Sail Boston Visit Boston  read more about Castle Island: http://www.sullivanscastleisland.com/castle-island/, Portuguese Tall Ship 'Sagres' arrives this morning-docking at Fan Pier at 9am. Open for tours thru Monday. Next up in #Boston Harbor the 'Hermione' tmro at 6am. Fireworks for #QM2 at 9:45pm Sunday in Boston Harbor!, Come in today for our fresh breaded clams strips and bellies!! 

**Tall ship Sagres arrives Friday a.m. (time: tbd) and the Hermione will sail past Castle Island Saturday July 11 at 6:00 a.m.  On Sunday night the Queen Mary 2 will grace Boston with a special fireworks display...stay tuned for more details/times**, Boston Harbor will be awash in history this weekend- get a front row seat at Castle Island! Tall ship Sagres arrives Friday a.m. (time: tbd) and the Hermione will sail past Castle Island Saturday July 11 at 6:00 a.m. We will have a DJ playing music from the Fort to welcome the Hermione to Boston early Saturday a.m.! And on Sunday night the Queen Mary 2 will grace Boston with a special fireworks display...stay tuned for more details/times., Come in today for some comfort food before you travel! Hope everyone has a fun and safe Fourth of July weekend!!, What better way to kick off the July 4th long weekend? Fort Independence open tonight from 6:30-sunset for Twilight Boston Harbor viewing!, Come in for lunch today and try our freshly breaded fish sandwich!, Come in and try one of our newest menu items!! A V8 Banana Strawberry Smoothie!, Come visit Fort Independence tonight! Open from 6:30pm - twilight., Have a group of 15 or more people?? Call ahead and skip the line with our group ordering option!, Come in for a Razzle before going to watch the sunset at Fort Independence! Fort opens at 6:30pm tonight!, Come visit Fort Independence this Thursday! Open from 6:30pm - twilight., Flag Day 6/14-burning ceremony inside Fort tmro at 11:00 a.m. Bring your used flags for proper disposal to the Fort or to us. Fort Independence OPEN for tours today & tmro from 12:00-3:30., Flag day is this Sunday, June 14th! Feel free to drop your flags off here at Sullivan's to be used at the flag burning ceremony in Fort Independence. Also stop by for a free tour this weekend!, Strawberry Banana V8-Our newest smoothie flavor! Other flavors: Pina Colada, Mango or Strawberry. Make your own combo of flavors! Chris Lane's favorite is the strawberry/mango combo..., Braintree, Massachusetts native Sylvanus Thayer was born 285 years ago today! Engineering mastermind-oversaw building of Ft. Independence (Castle Island, 1833-51) & Ft. Warren (Georges Island Boston Harbor Cruises, 1833-61) and ‘Father of  West Point - The U.S. Military Academy’. Ft. Independence open Thurs. nights, Saturdays, and Sundays! Did you know that the entire foot print of Ft. Independence would fit into the parade ground of Ft. Warren?, Come in and try our newest menu item! Raspberry Lime Rickey's are now available just in time for summer!, We are open 7 days a week from 8:30am -8:30pm!! If the weather is bad call us ahead of time! Photo courtesy from Mucka Finyardi., New Item! Raspberry Lime Rickey...the old school way, we miss getting one at Brigham's just like you do..., Tonight! Fort Independence open for Boston Harbor/Boston Skyline twilight viewing from 6:30 p.m. - sunset. Now open every Thursday evening through August (weather permitting)., Stay dry today with a Sullivan's Umbrella! Comes in red or black for only $19.95!!, Start off your day with our new iced coffee!!, We have all your ice cream needs for the hot weather!! Come in for a razzle or flavor burst!, Amazing sight today as @BlueAngels flew over Castle Island and Fort Independence. Past and Present history collide with the flag on Dearborn Bastion at full staff against the precision and awe of the team in flight. Henry Dearborn was an American Revolutionary and War of 1812 hero., The Blue Angels are scheduled to fly across the city sky for a photo shoot, passing above the east side of Boston Harbor twice between noon and 12:30 p.m., and twice over Fenway Park, according to The Boston Globe. Come in for lunch and enjoy a Castle Island viewing!, Today we pause to honor the 37,000 MA residents that gave the ultimate sacrifice. Ft. Independence tours today from 12-3:30. There are multiple monuments on Castle Island honoring the fallen from the Civil, Spanish American, WWII and Korean Wars. The Vietnam Memorial, first of its kind in the nation, is located on M St park., Happy Friday everyone! Tours of Fort Independence start tomorrow @ 12 - 3:30PM!!!, Ocean Spray Orange, Apple, and Cranberry Juice are now  available in kids, regular and large sizes! Also, free tours of Fort Independence start this Saturday @ 12:30 p.m!, Fort Independence Free Guided Tours start for the season this Saturday! Tours given Sat., Sun., and Memorial Day starting at 12:30 p.m. and the last tour departs at 3:30 p.m. Sponsored by @MassDCR and the all volunteer Castle Island Association., #FreeCoffee mornings continue today and tomorrow until 11 a.m. Try our newly revamped iced or hot and enjoy some fresh fruit cup!, Not like you need an excuse to swing by and enjoy this gorgeous sunny morning on Castle Island...but we have FREE COFFEE this a.m. from 8:30-11. Taste test our new hot & iced coffees plus ALL of our breakfast items! Free coffee mornings continue tomorrow and Sunday. Stop in and let us know what your favorite is!, #FreeCoffee from 8:30-11a.m. this Friday, Sat. & Sunday! Taste test our new hot & iced options. Plus sample all of our breakfast items. Mild, Dark Roast (#RockinRoastin' Sumatra) and brewed French Vanilla. Perfect time to take that constitutional around Castle Island this weekend and have a treat on us!, Good Morning! Something new is brewing on Castle Island! Now serving dark roast Sumatra blend from Joey Kramer's Rockin' & Roastin' coffee co. Perfect with our made-to-order breakfast sandwiches or fresh baked muffins. Coffee avail. all day, breakfast 7 days from 8:30-10:30., We have exactly what you need for lunch! Come in for a juicy cheeseburger or a snap dog!, Happy Mother's Day from all of us here at Sullivan's. Make sure you make Mom feel special today!!, Mothers day is tomorrow! We have your last minute gift covered. Let us help you make it special for mom!!, And aerial look at Castle Island! Great weather today, make sure you come in for lunch or dinner!, Mother's Day is right around the corner! Looking for a last minute gift? We have what you need!, The castle island association needs your help! Come down tomorrow (May 2nd) for an information meeting to be a volunteer this summer!, Want to volunteer as a tour guide this summer for the Castle Island Association? There's an information meeting this Saturday (May 2nd)!, We have all your Mothers Day and Graduation gifts covered!, Come in for some fish n chips! Don't want fried? Try our Baked Fish!, Come help the Castle Island Association Tomorrow (April 25th). Come in and try an order of chicken tenders with your choice of honey mustard, BBQ, ranch or sweet + sour!, The Castle Island Association needs your help this Saturday (April 25)! Information below., Perfect day to come in for a milkshake! We have vanilla, chocolate, strawberry, and Vanilla+Chocolate mix!, Perfect day to come in for a Lobster Roll or one of our Burgers!, Rainy Day Special rain rain go away ! Wood handled strolling umbrellas for only $9.95 all day today while supplies last!, Come in today for a Razzle! Choose between M+Ms, Cookie Dough, Snickers, Oreo, and Reese's peanut butter cup!, Come in today and try our cheese fries for only $3.75!! Add chili for only a $1.00 more!, Come in today and try our variety of freshly breaded seafood! Don't want fried? Try our Baked fish served with your choice of fries or coleslaw!, Have a field trip or a group of 20+?? Group ordering is available 7 days a week!, Looking for something to stay warm today? We have what you need. Come in for a warm cup/bowl of clam chowder, lobster bisque, or chili!, We are closed today and will reopen tomorrow. Here are a few pics from the morning mass on the Island. Have a great Easter everyone., New performance Sullivan's HOODIES are now available in our web store and pink baseball caps are back in stock! http://store.sullivanscastleisland.com, Easter Sunrise mass is tomorrow morning at 6:21 AM. We will be closed on Easter so come in today for all your comfort food needs!! Happy Easter everyone!!, We will be drawing the winner of this Easter basket today (April 3rd)!! Spend $20 to enter to win! Closed this Sunday for Easter!, Information on the Easter sunrise mass below. We will be closed Easter Sunday. Giving away our last basket tomorrow (April 3rd)!!, Congratulations Janine! She won our Bruins ticket raffle to last nights game. We will be drawing our last Easter basket winner this Friday, April 3rd!, Less than 90 minutes left to enter to win tickets to tonight's (March 31st) Bruins game! Every Lobster Roll purchased gets you a raffle ticket. Picking the winning ticket @ 3pm!!!, **For today only (March 31st) **  Every Lobster roll purchased gets you a raffle ticket to win 3 tickets for tonight's Bruins Game as they make their playoff push!! We will be drawing the winner @ 3 pm today so come in early for better odds to win! Go Bruins!!, We will be giving away a third Easter basket next week!. Starting today, spend 20$ and receive a raffle ticket to be entered to win! Closing early today due to the weather. Be safe out there everyone!, Come in today for some freshly breaded seafood before the rain hits! We will be pulling the winner of our 2nd Easter basket tomorrow. Spend 20$ and receive your raffle ticket to be entered to win!, Congratulations to Susan who was our first Easter basket winner. Spend 20$ when you come in to enter to win! We willing be drawing our next winner this Friday!, The first Easter basket winner has been drawn. We will be giving away 2 more Easter baskets over the next 2 weeks. Come in for lunch and spend 20$ to receive a raffle ticket!, Come in for your chance to win a Sullivan's Easter basket! Spend 20$ to receive your raffle ticket. First basket winner will be drawn tomorrow!!, Congratulations Connie Campea and Mike Powell from South Boston for being our Bruins raffle ticket winners!!, null, null, Open today until 4:30 p.m. We are CLOSED tmro (Sun 3/15) for the parade. @MassDCR opens Castle Island lot for overnight Southie resident parking at 7 p.m. and to general public tmro at 7 a.m. Parade starts at 1 p.m. Revised route: starts at Broadway Station, goes along West/East Broadway and finishes at Farragut Rd., Today is the last day for your chance to win Bruins tickets!! We will be drawing the winner tonight. Good luck everyone!, Hope everyone enjoys the great weather!! Perfect day for a walk down castle island and come in for a chance to win bruins tickets!!, Monday through Friday this week come and for a chance to win Bruins tickets before they make a playoff run!! Every large fry purchased gets you one entry!, Come in today and try one of our chicken caesar wraps!! Closing between 4:30pm-5pm today., Today is the last day for 1/2 price hot dogs!! Come in and also try our cheese fries for only $3.75! Make sure to stop by and visit us this weekend!, Only 2 days left for half price hot dogs!! If your ever down castle island early, come in and check out our breakfast menu. Served from 8:30am -10:30am, 7 days a week!, We have exactly what you want for lunch today! Come in for a juicy cheeseburger or a lobster roll!! We will be open today till 5 PM., Get out of the cold and warm up with a cup/bowl of our delicious soups!! Add chili and cheese to your hot dog as well!, Thank you to everyone that came out yesterday and made our first day of the season a success! Open till 5pm today and remember hot dogs are half price until March 6th!!, null, Welcome back!! Our first customer of the season was Mr. John Connors, 86 years young! Open today from 830am-5pm and don't forget half price hot dogs all this week!, Opening day tomorrow!! No need to worry about space savers here! @MassDCR did a great job all winter long #seeeveryonetomorrow #suresignofspring, Enough with this winter!** We can't wait to welcome you back!

Opening for the 2015 Season this Saturday 2/28 at 8:30 a.m. 1/2 price hot dogs .95¢ (+tx) all week through Friday 3/6. 

**Mother Nature, we humbly submit that you are in charge! Castle Island (like the rest of MA) is under blanket of snow & ice- pathway to the restaurant and most of the parking lot is clear (aside from Mt. Fort Independence at the right of the lot.) Please use extreme caution., Opening Day-Sat. Feb. 28-less than 8 days away! Like the rest of Mass. we are slowly but surely digging out from the snow...counting the minutes until we can turn the grills on! #suresignofspring, null, Here is a couple more pics from my walk today., Hopefully everyone survived the blizzard! Good news though, we are less than a month away from opening day!! See everyone February 28th!, Tomorrow is the last day of the season! Make sure to come in for one last time before we close the doors till next February!, Hope everyone had a nice Thanksgiving! Only 3 days left !!, Happy Thanksgiving! We will be closed tomorrow-but hope to see you for the last 3 days of the 2014 season! Open this Fri-Sun from 8:30-4:00. We are esp. thankful and grateful for our amazing crew-their work ethic and teamwork is unrivaled!, Only 6 days left!!, Buy a $25 Gift Card and receive a free Tumbler, or purchase one for $5.95. Perfect for stocking stuffers!, Only 11 days left till the end of the season!, Only 13 days left to get your Sully's fix!! 90 cent Hot Dogs, $2.00 Chili Dogs, and $8.95 Lobster Rolls!! LAST DAY IS SUNDAY NOVEMBER 30TH!!, Due to popular demand, we are extending our Lobster Roll special! Also, come in and stay warm with a hot bowl of Clam Chowder today., Don't forget about our specials we have this month!, Thank you to all the Men and Women who have selflessly served our country! Lobster rolls are still $2 off till Friday, only $8.95!!, null, Only 3 weeks left in the season!! Get out of the cold and come in for this weeks LOBSTER ROLL special!, Another way of saying thank you for a great season!, null, null, null, Due to the rain today we will be closing around 3 pm.  Don’t forget starting today hot dogs are only half price!! It’s our way of saying thank you to all of our customers!, This Saturday kicks off Customer Appreciation Month!! Hot Dogs will be 90 cents the entire month of November. Check out our Facebook and twitter page for weekly specials during November!, Congratulations to Lauren and Mario for winning last weeks Bruins ticket giveaway!, Customer appreciation month is almost here! All during the month of November: Hot Dogs will be only 90 cents!!, Today is the final day of The Halloween Magical Castle from noon till 4., The crew is ready to serve you. Mystery walk today up at the fort from noon till 4., Don't forget about this weekend!!, Come in and purchase ANY SEAFOOD item to enter for your chance to win Bruins tickets!! Winners will be drawn tomorrow night! Come check out the Magical Halloween Castle this Saturday and Sunday!, Congratulations Stephanie for being last weeks Bruins ticket giveaway winner!, Don't forget about the Magical Halloween Castle this Saturday and Sunday!, Come in all this week and purchase any seafood item and receive a raffle ticket to win Bruins tickets!! The winning ticket will be drawn this Friday!, Congratulations to all of last weeks winners! Another bruins giveaway starts today!!, Be sure to get here around 1030 for your chance to see her!!, The USS Constitution will be sailing by Castle Island this Friday, October 17th,  @ 11 AM! Make sure to be here at 10:30 AM for the best chance to see her before she goes into dry dock for 3 years!, Feels like a summer day! Hope everyone enjoys the weather and make sure to come visit us for lunch to enter for your chance to win Bruins tickets!!, Free tours of Fort Independence today from 12pm-3pm! Don't forget our Bruins ticket giveaway now through Friday. Go Patriots!!!, Congratulations to this weeks winners! Another set of Bruins tickets against the Islanders is up for grabs starting today. Also, FREE tours of fort independence run this weekend and Monday from Noon - 3pm!, Today is the last day to enter to win Bruin's tickets this week!! Every large fry purchased receives one raffle ticket! Winners will be drawn this weekend. Good luck everyone!!, Excited for hockey season?? Come in today through Thursday and purchase a large fry to enter for a chance to win tickets to the Bruins/Capitals game! Each large fry = 1 entry!!, Another week, another chance to win a set of 3 Bruins Tickets!! Every large fry purchased receives 1 ticket! Come get some comfort food before the Pats tonight!, Today is the last day for your chance to win tickets to the Bruins home opener!! A small clam strip/bellie gets you 1 entry and a large clam strip/bellie gets you 2 entries. We will be drawing the winner's this weekend!, Only 2 more days left for your chance to win tickets to the Bruins's home opener! A small clam strip/bellie gets you 1 entry and a large clam strip/bellie gets you 2 entries!, Just a reminder: Come in for a Clam strip or Clam Bellie to enter for a chance to win Bruins tickets!!  Small order receives 1 raffle ticket, large order receives 2 raffle tickets!, Today through next Friday: Buy a Small Clam strip or small Clam Bellie and receive 1 raffle ticket for a chance to win Bruins tickets! Buy a large Clam Strip or large Clam Bellie and receive 2 raffle tickets for a chance to win!, Congratulations Laura and Colby from Rehoboth for winning yesterday's Bruins ticket giveaway!, Congratulations Caroline from South Boston for being yesterday's winner! One more pair of tickets left for this weeks giveaway. Come in anytime after 3pm for your chance to win!, Another day another winner! Congratulations to Dennis from Dorchester for winning yesterday's Bruins tickets. Another pair of tickets will be given away today after 3pm!, Congratulations Sean from South Boston for being our 2nd Bruins ticket giveaway winner! Come in today after 3pm for your chance to win Bruins tickets!, Congratulations Timmy of South Boston for being yesterday's Bruins ticket giveaway winner! Come in today after 3pm for your chance to win!, What better way to get ready for Hockey season then free tickets! Starting Monday we will be giving away Bruins Pre Season tickets! Details below., Stop in today for one of our customer favorites!, An aerial view of Castle Island and the Sugar Bowl!, Today's the 2nd day of our sidewalk sale! All merchandise being sold at reduced price today till 2PM weather permitting!, Come check out our sidewalk sale today!! All items being sold at a reduced price today and tomorrow till 4PM!, The fall weather is upon us! Perfect time to come in for some clam chowder!!, Planning a field trip or getting a group together at Castle Island? Avoid the lines and let us feed your crowd!, Sully's gear is on SALE- online only-Use code "BACKTOSCHOOL" for free shipping on all orders! http://store.sullivanscastleisland.com, Happy Labor day from all of us here at Sullivan's!!, Castle Island is THE place to be this Labor Day weekend! Macbeth performance tonight @7:30, USS Constitution tmro @ 11 a.m., view the Boston Harbor fireworks Sat. @ 9pm PLUS the CIA is offering free Ft. Independence tours Sat-Mon 12-3:30., The trailer getting ready to set up for Macbeth! Free performance in front of fort independence tonight from 7:30-9:30.  Also Friday (8/29), the USS Constitution will give a 21 gun return salute at 11:00 am!, Come in for a Lobster roll today for only $10.95!!, Shakespeare in Southie! Free performance of Macbeth this Thursday night (8/28) 7:30-9:30 in front of Fort Independence. Friday morning the USS Constitution will give a 21 gun return salute at 11:00 a.m., Come in today and try one of our customer favorites, Fish and Chip!!, Tomorrow is the perfect day to visit Castle Island! From 10:30-12 the DCR park interpreters hosting the New England Aquarium live marine animals (@ playground) AND the USS Constitution will take part in a ship to shore 21 gun return salute in front of the Fort at 11 a.m.!, The USS Constitution will be sailing in front of Fort Independence this Friday, August 22nd around 11 AM! Catch her before she heads into dry dock this fall., Hope everyone enjoys their Sunday! Come in and cool down with one of our Razzles!!, Perfect day to try our newest menu item, cheese fries!!, Come in today and try our Baked Fish!! Served with fries or coleslaw., Hope everyone's enjoying the beautiful weather today! Perfect day to come in for one of our fruit cups!, Perfect day to come in for a Fish and Chip!!, A classic never gets old... Come in for one today!!, A north view of Castle William in the Harbour of Boston from May 1789!, Perfect day to come in for a Lobster Roll!, Stop by Castle Island for a free tour of Fort Independence this weekend!!, Planning a field trip or getting a group together at Castle Island? Avoid the lines and let us feed your crowd!, A classic photo of Fort Independence from 1884!, An ariel view of the 5 Bastions on Fort Independence!, Every Thursday is the Twilight Boston Skyline viewing from 7pm - dusk!, Hope everyone's enjoying the beautiful weather today! Perfect day to come in for one of our fruit cups!, Come in today and try our *New* cheese fries for only $3.60!, History fun fact of the week! William Shirley was the Governor of Massachusetts Bay Colony from 1739-1755. The Shirley-Eustis house in Roxbury is open for tours during the summer!, We serve Island Oasis smoothies...mango, mocha chino, strawberry & pina colada!, Happy Fourth of July! Despite the weather, the USS Constitution made her way to Fort Independence for a 21 gun return salute! Closing at 4pm today due to the weather., Tomorrow-July 4th-rain or shine! The annual USS Constitution 21 gun return salute in front of Fort Independence. She leaves the Navy Yard at 10 a.m., expected to be at Castle Island by 11a.m. She will be going into dry dock at the end of the year & won't be back out until 2018! Tonight-Thursday-Fort Independence is open for twilight Boston skyline viewing from 7pm to sunset. Happy 4th Everyone!, Perfect summer night for an ice cream with a side of a Castle Island sea breeze. Let's go USA-we need a GOOAAALLLLL!, Free tours today of Fort Independence from 12-3:30-sponsored by Castle Island Assoc. In 1851, the 5 bastions were named after men that made significant historical contributions to Massachusetts & the USA!, South Boston Senior Citizens-FREE Weekend Shuttle to Castle Island! 9-4, Sat., Sun, & Holidays now through Nov. 2. Call the "Southie Shuttle" for round trip transportation at least 1 day in advance: #617.268.4110. Sponsored by Sullivan's Castle Island, Castle Island Association, Rep. Nick Collins, and South Boston Today., Kellie & Chris gave Maureen Dahill from 'Caught In Southie' a behind the scenes tour!, Today's the perfect day too try one of our razzles!!, Come down tonight at 7pm for the Twilight Boston Skyline viewing!!, null, Happy Father's Day! Enjoy this beautiful Sunday..., Need to dispose of a United States flag? Drop it off here at Sullivan’s or plan on attending the ceremony on Flag Day-Sat. June 14 at 10 AM. A burning ceremony (proper disposal method) is a biannual tradition sponsored by the Castle Island Association and the DCR. Burning ceremonies occur inside Fort Independence parade grounds on Flag Day and Veterans Day., Full Breakfast menu 7 Days/8:30 am-10:30 am! Fresh fruit cup, coffee, breakfast sandwiches, tator tots, french toast sticks, donuts..., Did you know?, Looking for a Dad’s day gift-we have just the thing! $25 gift card & Sullivan’s golf towel with gift bag and card., The 70th Anniversary of D-Day will be commemorated with a U.S.S. Constitution ship to shore return salute in front of Fort Independence. Will be arriving today around 10:30 AM. See everyone there!, The 70th Anniversary of D-Day will be commemorated with a U.S.S. Constitution ship to shore return salute in front of Fort Independence. Revised time is 10:30 AM (leaving Navy Yard at 9:30 AM), Perfect day for a free tour of Fort Independence! Now open every Saturday & Sunday through Labor Day from 12-3:30. Bonus: Fort is open every Thurs. evening in summer from 7pm-dusk for a self guided sunset viewing of Boston Harbor & Boston Skyline. Thanks DCR & Castle Island Association!, The 70th Anniversary of D-Day will be commemorated with a U.S.S. Constitution ship to shore return salute in front of Fort Independence. Revised time is 10:30 AM (leaving Navy Yard at 9:30 AM), Father's Day will be here before you know it! Let dad know how special he is with our Father's Day Gift Bag!, Congratulations to our employees celebrating graduations this year! You continually amaze us with your work ethic & we know you will achieve nothing but greatness in the future. Amazing work Aidan, Anne Margaret, Barbara, Brandon, Jenna, Jessica, Melissa, and Pat!, Need to dispose of a United States flag? Drop it off here at Sullivan’s or plan on attending the ceremony on Flag Day-Sat. June 14 at 12 Noon. A burning ceremony (proper disposal method) is a biannual tradition sponsored by the Castle Island Association and the DCR. Burning ceremonies occur inside the Fort Independence parade ground on Flag Day and Veterans Day., Happy Memorial Day everyone! Tours of Fort Independence start at 12 pm and stop at 3:30 pm today free of charge., Just a reminder: Tours of Fort Independence run today from 12-3:30 and are free! Bring the family down then come in and say hello. Hope everyone is enjoying Memorial Day weekend!, As we head into the Memorial Day Weekend, we pause and give thanks to all those that made the ultimate sacrifice for our country., Did you know: When the Stamp Act was passed in 1765, packages of offending stamps were landed and stored at Castle Williams, now Castle Island., South Boston Art Academy installed a mini art gallery in our display cases. Great job Mrs. Putnam and Artists!, Just a reminder: Tours of Fort Independence start next Saturday (May 24) from 12:00-3:30 pm!! If you can't make it Saturday tours are also available Sunday (May 25) and Monday (May 26) 12-3:30 pm also! See you all there!, We have a complete breakfast menu- 7 mornings a week from 8:30-10:30. Try one of our in store baked muffins (blueberry, corn or cinnamon) or made to order breakfast sandwiches., GAME 7 TONIGHT! LETS GO BRUINS!!, Fort Independence has bastions named after prominent men in New England history. This is a photo of Dearborn bastion. Henry Dearborn (1751-1829) served as US Sect’y of War from 1801-1809, and was a veteran of the American Revolution and the War of 1812. Can you name the others??, Happy Mother's day from all of us here at Sullivan's! Make mom feel special on her day!, Time is running out to find the perfect Mothers Day gift! Come in today and let us help you make mom feel special on her day!, Perfect day for a RAZZLE! Frozen yogurt whipped to a frenzy w/ choice of Oreos, M&Ms, Reese’s, Snickers, Cookie Dough or Brownie., Our Black/Green sweatshirts are 25% off in our online store! Visit: http://store.sullivanscastleisland.com/ to order yours today!, Clam Strips and Clam Bellies are $1 off today only! Perfect way to kick off the Bruins/Habs series. LETS GO BRUINS!!!, Come in today and tomorrow for $1 off Clam Strips and Clam Bellies!!, A perfect day for a hot bowl of our clam chowdahhhhhh!! Closing around 5 today due to the weather., Not the best weather today but at least the Bruins won! Closing around 5 today!, Happy Friday everyone! Help keep history alive! The Castle Island Association will be hosting a CIA Volunteer Info Session Saturday (tomorrow) at noon., Congratulations to Nor, he won the last Sullivan's basket of goodies! We will be closing around 5pm today., Good luck today marathoners! We salute you-you make us Boston Strong., Happy Easter! Enjoy this beautiful day. We are open today until 5pm. Go Bruins!!, Help keep history alive! The Castle Island Association will 
be hosting a CIA Volunteer Info Session next Saturday at noon., Quest for the Cup starts tonight at the Garden! LETS GO BRUINS!!!!, Easter Sunday Sunrise service at McKay Monument @5:55 am. Hosted by the CIA & Gate of Heaven/St. Brigid's Parish in cooperation with the DCR. We will be open Easter Sunday from 8:30 am-sunset., > A perfect pentagon, Civil War era Fort Independence has bastions named after prominent men in New England history. This is a photo of Dearborn bastion. Henry Dearborn (1751-1829) served as US Sect’y of War from 1801-1809, and was a veteran of the American Revolution and the War of 1812., Easter Sunday Sunrise service at McKay Monument @5:55 am. Hosted by the CIA & Gate of Heavan/St. Brigid Parish in cooperation with the DCR. We will be open Easter Sunday from 8:30 am-sunset., Congratulations to Evelyn Morant , she won the Sullivan’s basket of goodies! We still have one more to give away this week. Every order from 3 pm-closing Monday through Friday gets an entry ticket. Happy Spring!!, It finally feels like Spring! Time to make some new memories on Castle Island- see you soon!, We have a complete breakfast menu- 7 mornings a week from 
8:30-10:30. Try one of our in store baked muffins (blueberry, corn or cinnamon) or 
made to order breakfast sandwiches., Planning a field trip or getting a group together at Castle Island? Avoid the lines and let us feed your crowd!, This week and next-win a basket of Sullivan’s goodies! Every order from 3 pm-closing Monday thru Friday gets an entry ticket. Happy Spring!!, This is a sketch of the 8th and current fort structure on Castle Island. Fort Independence was completed in 1852- a perfect pentagon- the bastions are named: Winthrop, Adams, Dearborn, Shirley, and Hancock. More history fun facts to follow soon…, NOW the Fort is ready for Spring and Opening Day! No ticket to Fenway? That's ok- we are here for ya with Kayem Hot Dogs 7 days a week! <Thanks Bob Y. for getting the last word on our April fool's photo.>, Thoughts and prayers are with family, friends, BFD and the first responder community as they give the final salute to Lt. Walsh & FF Kennedy. May they rest in peace., Sweetsassymolassy! The Fort is ready for Spring and MLB...happy april fool's day..., Due to today's weather forecast we will be closing after lunch today around 3 pm., Our thoughts and prayers are with you-God Bless the BFD., Today is the LAST DAY of our $3 off Lobster Roll special! Come in and get one for only $7.95!, Mention this post at any register and receive our Lobster roll special for $7.95. Only for today 3/24 and tomorrow 3/25!, Not the warmest weather today but never a bad day for a hot bowl of clam chowder or lobster bisque! Open till about 6 today!, Spring has finally arrived! Hopefully the warm weather will return to this beautiful city soon!, On this day- March 17, 1776- the British evacuated and burned Castle William (now Castle Island) and fled to Nova Scotia. Why? The Siege of Boston ended when troops led by George Washington & Henry Knox used the captured cannons from Ticonderoga to fortify Dorchester Heights. Ten months after the battle of Bunker Hill, Boston solidifies the “Cradle of Liberty” moniker and 4 months later the Declaration of Independence is signed. By November of 1776, Paul Revere would became the first colonel of the Continental Army to keep Boston harbor defended at Fort Independence., Happy St. Patrick's Weekend! We will be CLOSED all day tomorrow 3/16. FYI: The DCR is staffing the Castle Island parking lot starting at 10pm tonight for South Boston Resident Sticker parking & lot opens at 7 am tomorrow for public parking. Beginning at 7 a.m. until 7 p.m. Sunday evening, parking will be allowed on both sides of Day Boulevard between the Bayside Expo Center and the Farragut Statue. No parking at the Sugar Bowl lot throughout Sunday., Congratulations to Darren for being our daily giveaway winner yesterday!, Today is the last day of our weekly giveaway! Congrats to Mike from Dorchester for being yesterday's winner! Also today is the last day for $1 off Fish sandwiches, Fish n Chips, and Baked Fish!, Due to today's snow storm, we will be closing after lunch at 3. Be safe out there everyone!, Congratulations to Kelly! She was one of our daily winners from yesterday. Random acts of warmness week continues today through Friday!, Congratulations to Carol! She was one of our daily giveaway winners! We will randomly be giving away warm Sullivan's gear three times a day all week! Come in for your chance to win!, Try our Baked Fish to kick off the Lenten Season! Open till 6 today!, PICKLES join the condiment roster! You asked-we listened... don't worry, we won't drag your food thru the garden (w/lettuce & tomato) unless you really really want us to! Check out our full menu: www.sullivanscastleisland.com, Baby it's cold outside! Warm up with chowder and chili and of course HALF PRICE hot dogs (through Sunday). Open daily from 8:30 to 5:30., Open 7 days a week now! Closing between 530-6 during the week!, THANK YOU for a great opening weekend- awesome to see so many familiar faces and welcome the next generation of Sully opening day aficionados! Now OPEN 7 DAYS & HOT DOGS 1/2 price through Sunday, March 2., OPENING DAY is Tomorrow 2/22 ! Breakfast @ 8:30 a.m. full menu starts @ 10:30 a.m., closing at sunset. Instead of shoveling snow-shoveling crinkle cuts into those beautiful red & white boxes! HALF PRICE HOT DOGS ALL WEEK!, Let's tempt fate and tell mother nature we've had enough of this winter! Opening EARLY-this SATURDAY, Feb. 22. Getting the grills ready now..., Let the shoveling begin! So sick of winter-but opening day is just 3 weeks away-see you on March 1!, Countdown is on- opening on Sat. March 1! What do you think...should we make lettuce & tomato standard on the burgers or stay old school and keep 'em as add ons?, We still need your help people. We are looking to update our Facebook, Twitter, website and Flickr gallery. Please send any new/old photos to: photos@sullivanscastleisland.com or inbox them to our Facebook page. Any photos would be greatly appreciated!, null, Hope everyone's Holiday Season went well. We need your help people. We are looking to update our Facebook, Twitter, website and Flickr gallery. Please send any new/old photos to: photos@sullivanscastleisland.com or inbox them to our Facebook page. Any photos would be greatly appreciated!, Time is running out! Let us help you get your last minute shopping done! Visit: http://store.sullivanscastleisland.com/ for all your winter apparel and some great stocking stuffers! Happy Holidays everyone!, We would like to thank our close to 70 employees for a fantastic season. Without their hard work, team work, and dedication, Sullivan's wouldn't be what it is today!  Hope everyone enjoys their winter break and we will see you before the flowers bloom. (March 1), Today is our LAST day of the season. Closing at 3 PM! Go Pats!, Last call people closing tmrw for the season. Sullivan's gift cards make great stocking stuffers., Hope everyone had a great Thanksgiving! Sunday is the LAST day of the season so make sure you come down before its too late!, Happy Thanksgiving everyone! We will be closed tomorrow so our employees can be with their families. Sunday is the last day of the season!, Closing for the season one week from today everyone! Make sure to come out before its too late! Closing around 430 PM today. Go Pats!, null, The countdown has begun..Closing a week from this Sunday December 1st...Come out and get you Sully's fix before your shuttered in for the winter...., Stay warm today people. Come in and warm up with a bowl of  clam chowder and/or hot chocolate! Open till 4 PM today., Closing around 4 PM today. Plenty of time to come in before the Pats game!, Time to start thinking about stocking stuffers.. Come in and check out our merchandise in store or our online store at : www.sullivanscastleisland.com, Winter's almost here everyone.. Come in today for a hot bowl of clam chowder, chili, or lobster bisque to stay warm! Closing around 4 PM today., Today  till 4 PM is the last day to bring down cans to support the Annual Veteran's Day can drive to support our troops.., Time to go through those pantry's people and come help support the Annual Veteran's Day Can Drive for the troops. Happening this Saturday and Sunday from 10 AM - 4 PM outside of Sullivan's., Come on out come out wherever you are....Less than one month till  we close for the season(December 1st)., Congratulations to John Fiasconaro for being last weeks raffle winner! John received a set of Bruins tickets. Come in this week for your chance to win!, Congratulations to the Red Sox!!!! Enjoy and be safe at the parade...We are open and hot dogs are half off for the rest of the season...We will be closing dec 1st for the season...During the week this time of year we close at 4 PM  and about 5:30 on weekends...., ITS FINALLY HERE!! Hot dogs are 80 cents as part of our customer appreciation month! During the month of November, hot dogs are half price!, Friday is the start of our Customer Appreciation month! Hot dogs will be 80 cents (+ tax)  throughout the month of November! Closing around 3 PM today. GO RED SOX!, Congratulations to Dave Bridges! Dave won a set of Bruins tickets from our weekly raffle. Come in and purchase a LARGE FRY for a chance to be this weeks winner!, Today is the *LAST DAY* for the Haunted Castle! From noon till 4! Closing day for the season is December 1st! 3 pm sharp!, Today and tomorrow from noon till 4..., Come on down for some family fun at Castle Island this weekend, Saturday October 26th and Sunday October 27th from noon until 4 pm,  for the Castle Island Association’s annual Halloween Magical Castle!, Only today and tomorrow left for this weeks drawing!, Congratulations to Mary Miller of South Boston who is this weeks winner of the Trio of Bruins tickets ....Another drawing will be on Friday., Today through Friday buy a *LARGE FRENCH FRY* and receive a raffle ticket for a chance to win 3 tickets to an upcoming Bruins game!, Congratulations to Bilal Wilad for winning this weeks raffle drawing! She received a Sullivan's sweatshirt! 

*THE USS CONSTITUTION WILL NOT BE SAILING BY CASTLE ISLAND TOMORROW* Sorry for any confusion., Congratulation to Joe Jak and Jean Medico for winning this weeks raffle of three Bruins tickets each....Also reminder next week is the Annual Children's Halloween Magical Castle....., Today, October 14, is your last chance to tickle the ivories on our artfully decorated piano courtesy of the Celebrity Series of Boston! Thank you to everyone who entertained us over the past few weeks!!  Also, beginning tomorrow you will have another chance to win a pair of Bruins tickets!!  Stay tuned for more details…., Last free guided tours of the fort for the 2013 season are today and tmrw from 12 till 4...., Congratulations to Wayne Mullin for winning one of out Bruins tickets giveaways. Another round of 3 tickets will be giving away on Friday for Mondays game. See previous post on how to win. Wayne enjoy the game with your grandsons., Loren and Wally from 105.7 stopped by last week to do a sing along with Castle Island crowd! The guys even brought Elton John with them!, The 31st Annual Children's Magical Halloween Castle
will take place on Saturday & Sunday, October 26 and 27, 2013
between Noon and 4:00 pm, Sullivan's own Harry Markarian got a visit from his mother his past weekend, and she decided to sit and play some music for the Castle Island crowd!, Local Church group came by and sang for the Sullivan's crowd this past Sunday. Several people stopped to enjoy the music., Taken right before we closed on Friday. Down the Island today? Sit down and play the piano while you wait for your food!, Chris Osborn from Braintree playing the piano for everyone that was at Castle Island early this morning! More pictures to come! Anyone looking for more information about street pianos of Boston visit streetpianosboston.com, Street pianos of Boston are outside of Sullivan's! The piano will be outside of our store until October 14! Anyone with musical talents stop by and play for everyone at castle island. We will be taking photos and videos and will be posting them soon!, Really nice weather today in Southie. Bring the family down Castle Island and make sure to stop by!, Pretty cold on the Island this morning so come in for a hot bowl of lobster bisque, chili, or our wicked awesome clam chowder!, Come in today and check out our variety of sweat shirts! Perfect for the upcoming cold weather. If we don't have your size in our store remember to check out our online store. 

http://store.sullivanscastleisland.com/, Be on the look out for our upcoming promos! Similar to last year, we will be giving away Bruins tickets as part of a promo. More information to come!, Attention: Time is running out for *free* tours of Castle Island/Fort independence! Tours will end following Columbus Day weekend!, What better way to watch the Pats today than with a juicy double cheeseburger and fries... Go Pats!, Hope everyone had a great summer! During the fall, we will be closing between 7-7:30pm but feel free to call to confirm. 617-268-5685, Clam Strips, Happy Labor Day everyone! Come spend the holiday at Castle Island with us!, After a 10 year hiatus fireworks on the Boston Harbor are back!! Come on down with the family to Castle Island to view the city sponsored fireworks display tonight Saturday Aug. 31st at 9 pm!, After a 10 year hiatus fireworks on the Boston Harbor are back!! Come on down with the family to Castle Island to view the city sponsored fireworks display this Saturday Aug. 31st at 9 pm!, After a 10 year hiatus fireworks on the Boston Harbor are back!! Come on down with the family to Castle Island to view the city sponsored fireworks display this Saturday Aug. 31st at 9 pm!, With fall just around the corner, we will be closing by 8pm during the week and between 8:30pm - 9pm on weekends!, Come in today and try our Baked Fish and Chip! Substitute coleslaw for fries if you want with no extra charge!, Summers coming to an end! Come down today and enjoy the great weather while it's still here!, Happy Friday everyone! USS Constitution will be sailing by Castle Island *TODAY* between 11 am and 12 pm. See you all there!, Reminder: USS Constitution sailing by Castle Island this Friday (August 23rd) between 11am -12pm with 21 gun salute from National Guard. See you all then!, USS Constitution will be sailing by Castle Island this Friday (August 23rd) @ 11 am with a 21 gun salute! More info soon!, Look for us in an upcoming issue of Zagat Magazine! More information to come shortly., Happy Friday everyone! Come in today and check out the variety on our seafood menu!, A hot bowl of chili, clam chowder, or lobster bisque is perfect on a day like today., Our iced coffee is perfect on a hot day like today. Vanilla and hazel nut flavor shots are available for ice coffee as well!, Today seems like a perfect day to come in for a Lobster Roll... Just saying., You've ordered our hot dogs the same way for years but have you tried them with chili? Try a chili cheese dog today!, Not the nicest of weather today but less cars in the parking lot means no line!, Looking to cool down during this hot weather? Come in and try our 9 different frozen yogurt flavor bursts!, Today is one of those days to come down for a delicious cheeseburger, even if Monday isn't your "cheat on diet" day., Little chilly out the Island today but hey at least there is no line., Coleslaw has been added to our menu! Comes with any order of Baked Fish and is great as a side to any item on our seafood menu!, Hope everyone had a great weekend! Come in before 10:30 and try our brand new muffins! Breakfast is available everyday from 8:30-10:30am., Looking for something for the kids to do..Fort Independence tours are on the weekends from 12 noon till 3:30..., Check out this Boston.com article that features us! Not many cars in the parking lot today means no line! Come down for dinner. We will be open till 8pm depending on the weather.

http://www.boston.com/thingstodo/2013/01/02/quintessential-boston-things/lzqjv7KcRVEqsyFpbItBUI/story.html?pg=4, http://www.boston.com/thingstodo/2013/01/02/quintessential-boston-things/lzqjv7KcRVEqsyFpbItBUI/story.html?pg=4 Check out these great places and things to do in the city. There is one that totally stands out.:), Tried our *new* Fresh Baked Fish? Let us know how it was next time you visit Castle Island! We welcome all customer feedback!, Trying to relax before the work week starts? Come get some ocean breeze down the island! We will be open till about 9:30 tonight!, Happy Independence Day everyone! USS Constitution will be sailing by Castle Island at 12 pm *TODAY* with a 21 gun salute., Just a reminder: USS Constitution will be sailing by Castle Island at 12 pm tomorrow with a 21 gun salute. While your here check out our *new* Catch of the day baked fish!, Newly added to our seafood menu! *Fresh baked Catch of the day fish* Served with breadcrumbs with a side of coleslaw and lemon wedge only $8.95! Fresh caught last night off of the coast of Gloucester!, *Just a reminder* US Constitution turn around is THIS THURSDAY (JULY 4TH) @ 12PM SHARP!, Down the Island early this morning? Come check out our breakfast menu! Serving breakfast till 10:30 everyday!, Come in today and try our *NEW* Mocha Cappuccino smoothie!, Bad case of the Mondays mixed with anxiety over game 6 tonight? Perfect reason to come get a burger, hot dog, fries or a lobstahhh roll. LETS GO BRUINS!, Guess what the VP of the USA had for lunch today? A Sullivan's lobster roll and hot dog w/mustard & relish!, Trying to waste time before game 5? Come cool off down Castle Island and grab an ice coffee, smoothie, or our recently added back to the menu item: fruit cup. Go Bruins!, Let's Go Bruins!, Happy Fathers Day to all the great Dads out there! Today is the last day to take advantage of our Fathers Day Special: Buy a Sullivan's Golf Towel & a $10 Sullivan's gift card for a special combo price of $19.95!, The best export from Finland isn't Nokia, its TUUKKA! Game 1 tonight!. Go Bruins!, Today through Sunday June 16 come down to Sullivan's and check out our Father's Day Special. Buy a Sullivan's Golf Towel & a $10 Sullivan's gift card for a special combo price of $19.95! Perfect for Fathers Day!, Come down to Castle Island on this picture perfect day. Perfect time to try our brand*NEW* Chicken Caesar wraps!, Fort Independence tours Saturdays and Sundays from noon till 3:30 all the way till Labor Day. Free of charge thanks to all the wonderful volunteers. We are now open nights now till approximately 9pm weather permitting., Lobster roll Special today 5/26 for $8.25!, Weekend Special! May 25th and May 26th Lobster Rolls only $8.25!, The Castle Island Association will begin the Fort Independence tours May 25th weather permitting.  The tours will be every Saturday and Sunday through Labor Day weekend.  The first tour begins at noon and the last tour begins at 3:30.  It’s a great way to spend the afternoon with the family and learn more about this important piece of Boston history!!, In case you missed it...http://www.myfoxboston.com/story/22262221/2013/05/15/real-people-real-stories-harry-markarian?fb_source=feed_opengraph&ref=feed_open_graph&fb_action_ids=10201391160567330&fb_action_types=og.recommends&action_object_map={%2210201391160567330%22%3A255569854582929}&action_type_map={%2210201391160567330%22%3A%22og.recommends%22}&action_ref_map=[]#_=_, Hometown Comfort Dot EVENT is TODAY at IBEW, Freeport Street Dorchester! Sully hot dogs avail at Family Event from 12-4 and check out amazing line up of restaurants and auction items for evening 6-9! Blood Drive all day. All proceeds to benefit the One Fund Boston., Check out our one and only Harry!!!!http://www.myfoxboston.com/story/22262221/2013/05/15/real-people-real-stories-harry-markarian?fb_source=feed_opengraph&ref=feed_open_graph&fb_action_ids=10201391160567330&fb_action_types=og.recommends&action_object_map=%7B%2210201391160567330%22%3A255569854582929%7D&action_type_map=%7B%2210201391160567330%22%3A%22og.recommends%22%7D&action_ref_map=%5B%5D#_=_, Check out our one and only Harry. http://www.myfoxboston.com/story/22262221/2013/05/15/real-people-real-stories-harry-markarian?fb_source=feed_opengraph&ref=feed_open_graph&fb_action_ids=10201391160567330&fb_action_types=og.recommends&action_object_map=%7B%2210201391160567330%22%3A255569854582929%7D&action_type_map=%7B%2210201391160567330%22%3A%22og.recommends%22%7D&action_ref_map=%5B%5D#_=_, Happy Mother's Day!!!!!!, Going to be a beauty of a day today. Happy Mother's Day weekend. Treat Mom to a Sullivan's gift card ,hat or a Tshirt., Today through Mothers day ALL PINK BASEBALL CAPS & PINK ADULT T-SHIRTS ONLY $10 with gift bag included! (while supplies last), The causeway also known as the sugar bowl or the walkway will be closed for maintenance from May 6th till May 20th., Enjoy this beautiful spring weekend...., More seagulls than cars in the parking lot today means no line! Come on down for some comfort food on this cloudy Tuesday!, Boston’s internal compass is grounded in fortitude, resilience, and community. We pray for those that must endure a personal grief that is not comprehensible-you are not alone. Thank you to all of the first responders whose actions are the shield and the beacon of what is good, you serve as an inspiration for us all. Our thoughts and prays are with you., Good luck to everyone running the marathon today-26.2 is an amazing feat! Enjoy school vacation week on Castle Island-the playground is waiting for you. For every $30 spent on food receive a FREE kids t-shirt!, Looking to go somewhere fast/convenient for lunch? Come down today and try our freshly breaded seafood! Items include: Scallops, Clam Strips, Fish and Chip, Shrimp, and Clam Bellies!, Weather has finally made a turn for the better.The public restrooms on the Island will be open now daily till at least 7PM., Empty parking lot means NO LINE! Come on down for a Lobster Roll or try our *New* Grilled Chicken Caesar Wrap on this sunny 50 degree day!, Good weather is finally here! Closing today between 6:30 and 7- We will be closed for Easter tomorrow - Annual Sunrise Mass is scheduled for 6:28am - Happy Easter!, Free Sully's Trifecta T-shirt with any $30 in store purchase! promo ends 3/26 or while supplies last., null, TGIF! Lobster roll special today – $8.25.  Plus w/ every $30 purchase receive FREE Sully’s Trifecta T-Shirt! Closing today at 6:30 – as always food can be wrapped to go just ask us at the register., Lobster Roll Special today 3/21/13 and tmrw 3/22/13 for $8.25....., Open for lunch today-closing at 3pm. This time last year it was in the 70s! What is it that they say about New England weather??, Happy St. Patrick’s/Evacuation Day! Closed all day-back open Mon.  During the Siege of Boston at the start of the American Revolution "Castle William" served as the main base of military operations for the British and they evacuated Boston on 3/17/76.  3 days later the Revolutionaries occupied the island. The current structure, Fort Independence, is the eighth fort to occupy Castle Island. Enough history-go enjoy the festivities!, Hooray for daylight savings-closing time this week around 6-6:15. Heads up-we will be closed for St. Patrick's Day-Sunday 3/17....parade starts at 1pm http://www.skytouch.org/images/content/sbparade-route/St.%20Patricks%20Day%20Parade%20Route%20Download.pdf, null, Come on down the snow is melting away. We will be open today toll around 6 PM .., Spring has not sprung., Yikes..., Due to storm today Sullivan's will be closed.  Sorry see ya tomorrow., Due to today's weather we will be closing at 2:30., Open rain or shine-closing today at 5:30: Hello March Nor'Easter-white caps on the lagoon today!  Open tmro too...hot soups hit the spot right around now-chili, lobster bisque, clam chowdaaah, Two more days left (ends Friday 3/1) for Opening Week Customer Appreciation Special-Hot Dogs 1/2 price (80 cents +tax). Have you tried the grilled chicken caesar wrap or salad yet?, Open today 'til 5 & WE WILL BE OPEN TMRO-SUNDAY- from 8:30-5. We love opening day! Great to see so many familiar faces-thanks everyone! Customer Appreciation Days-hot dogs 80 pennies (+tax) now thru Friday 3/1/13, Hello people!! 2013 season kicks off tomorrow Feb 23rd...We will be opening up at 8:30 am till probably around 5pm.We will keep you posted about Sunday depending upon how much snow we receive...., Tick tock people opening up this Saturday February 23rd......, null, Sullivan's is opening this Saturday, 02/23! We are hiring for the 2013 season (once we open). Come down and fill out a application! Must be 14 yrs+, nights/weekend availability required, some restrictions apply., Opening in 2 weeks! Saturday-February 23rd...being snowbound has us wishing for those hot summer days. Planning on adding some new items to the menu-stay tuned!
What is your favorite item? What would you like us to add?, If you have time tonight or this week stop by the Christmas trees that were put up in memory of Newtown victims by the entrance to the Sugar Bowl and hang an ornament..There is a tree for each one of the victims......Merry Christmas everyone....., This is it last day of the season.......Thank you all for a wonderful year...Closing today around 4 O'clock........, This  clock is ticking so come out out where ever you are..We will  b closing for the season tmrw....Don't forget sully's gift cards make great stocking stuffers and the tshirt you see in this picture is on sale for $7.50 and every penny of that goes to the Castle Island Association.....Thanks for another great seaon...., Have a great Thanksgiving everyone we will be closed that day and closing for the year this sunday nov 25th..Also great stocking stuffers is a Sullivan's gift card..Just sayin......., We close a week from this Sunday November 25th...We close at about 3:30 during the week..., 3 weeks from today is closing day....Also don't forget hot dogs are half price till the last day of the season(.80 cents plus tax).., Hot dog appreciation month has begun starting today.....Hot dogs for the month of November once again will be .80 cents till the last day of the season Nov 25th...., We are open again for business....This years Halloween Magical Castle attracted about 8000 people. Thank you to all the volunteers from the C.I.A. Without them it would not be possible. Reminder closing date is Nov 25th...., Sullivan's will be close Today sorry for any inconvenience...Don't forget hot dog appreciation month starts  Nov1st they will be half off until our closing day Nov 25th....., The Children's Magical Castle today from noon till 4 is still on... We will be closed Tmrw Monday October 29th. Sorry for any inconvenience...., Just a reminder that today, Saturday 10/27, and tomorrow, Sunday 10/28, from noon till 4 is the Children's Magical Halloween Castle! It’s for children of all ages and totally free. Don’t forget to wear your Halloween costume!!Thank you to the Castle Island Association for all of your hard work!!, Just a reminder this Saturday and Sunday from noon till 4 is the Children's Magical Halloween Castle..Its for children of all ages and totally free..The kids can dress up if they would like...They will have face painting,story telling and goodie bags for the kids...The CIA (castle island association) prepares all year for this and their volunteers to a wonderful job....., Taking a poll..What is you favorite food item on Sully's menu. How do you like it decorated if it is a burger or dog?, 30th Annual Children's Magical Halloween Castle will be taking place on October 27-28,2012 from 12-4 each day...For children of all ages! Spooky & Magical!! No admission Fee!!!!!! They have story telling, face painting and goodies for the kids....Today is going to be a beautiful day enjoy this weather while we can....Open till about 6 Pm..., 30th Annual Children's Magical Halloween Castle will be taking place on October 27-28,2012 from 12-4 each day...For children of all ages! Spooky & Magical!! No admission Fee!!!!!! They have story telling, face painting and goodies for the kids....Tonight opened until  approximately 6pm...., Fort Independence/Old Ironsides: War of 1812 Bicentennial short sleeve grey T-shirt! 100% of $15.50 sales price goes to the all volunteer CASTLE ISLAND ASSOCIATION. http://store.sullivanscastleisland.com/ Free Shipping! Use code 'FREESHIP' at checkout (exp. 10/20/12)

"Old Ironsides" the U.S.S. Constitution & Fort Independence hold a special place in this Nation's history. Celebrate the Bicentennial of the War of 1812 & support the Castle Island Association at the same time!

Front of T: small American Flag on left side chest
Back of T: full size Bicentennial Logo w/ USS Constitution 
(logo courtesy of ourflagwasstillthere.org), Today special Lobster roll $7.95 plus tax...10/11/12, Loster roll special today  wed 10/10 and tmrw thursday 10/11 for $7.95 plus tax.....We will be open till the sunday after Thanksgiving Nov 25th......, 30th Annual Children's Magical Halloween Castle will be taking place on October 27-28,2012...For children of all ages! Spooky & Magical!! No admission Fee!!!!!! They have story telling, face painting and goodies for the kids...., 30th Annual Children's Magical Halloween Castle will be taking place on October 27-28,2012...For children of all ages! Spooky & Magical!! No admission Fee!!!!!! They have story telling, face painting and goodies for the kids...., Come on down and try our new BIGGER and better Fried Clam Bellies!  Also, next week we will be adding Beef Chili to our Fall menu and don’t forget that Sunday November 25th will be the last day we are open.  Thank you for another great season!, Enjoy these beautiful days while you can..., Would like to thank all the Rangers who keep Castle Island a beautiful place year round..., null, This Sunday 8/19/12: USS Constitution under full sail! 11a.m. expected arrival at Castle Island. Sails will be set in front of Fort Independence, she will sail out into the harbor and return by 1p.m. for 21 gun ship-to-shore return salute at the Fort. Weather permitting. Bicentennial War of 1812 commemoration of her victory over HMS Guerriere where she earned the name “Old Ironsides.” 

Also, tonight Thurs. 8/16, Fort Independence is open for Boston Skyline Twilight viewing 7pm-dusk., Enjoy this beautiful day....Hope you are all having a great summer...., FORT INDEPENDENCE: Boston Skyline Twilight viewing every Thursday from 7 p.m.-dusk. Saturday & Sunday from 12:00 p.m.-3:30 p.m. FREE tours sponsored by the all volunteer Castle Island Assoc. in conjunction with the DCR. Thank you Alan P. for sharing your photo of Castle Island taken while landing at Logan! http://bostonfortindependence.com/, If you are up early today come out and see the Tall ships departing before noon...., Happy Birthday America! July 4th Blue Angels & Navy salute to the USS Constitution in front of Fort Independence. We open @ 7, be at your viewing spot by 11:30 am. Parking lot open early am-will close when full. MBTA running shuttle buses to Castle Island from redline JFK & Bayside Expo parking lot all day-7 am-4:30pm. "Our Flag Was Still There"
1812-2012 Bicentennial of War of 1812., The day is finally here-Tall Ships arrive all morning long! The parking lot is open & will fill up quickly-MBTA running plenty of shuttle buses to Castle Island from red line JFK station., Navy fleet arrives today! Est. starting at 7:30 am until 3 pm. 
USS Gravely , USCGC Juniper,USCGC Marcus Hanna, *FGS Hessen, *HNOMS THOR Heyerdahl, HMCS Preserver, *HDMS Esbern Snare, *HMCS Iroquois, *RFA Argus, HMCS Kingston, HMCS Summerside, HMCS Goose Bay, HMCS Moncton.
* = 21 gun salute from Fort Independence, *are different nations, one salute per nation first ship in.
Parking extremely limited-MBTA running shuttle service from red line JFK station from 8-5:30., http://www.opsailboston.com/index.html, Just heard that the USS Wasp is expected to pass by Castle Island tomorrow, Thursday 6/28, sometime between 5-6 p.m.  Check out OpSail website for public viewing hours, starting Saturday.http://www.opsailboston.com/schedule.html, Navy Week begins tmro! Aircraft carrier USS WASP expected to arrive in Boston Harbor tmro-we will post estimated time-no official word yet. MBTA has announced special shuttle service to Castle Island from JFK red line station this Friday (Navy Fleet arrival) & Saturday (Tall Ships arrival) & July 4th.
We will continue to post up-to-date information on Facebook and twitter: @sullydogs all week long!
http://www.mbta.com/about_the_mbta/news_events/?id=25063&month=&year=, null, Navy Week is June 28-July 6! Just updated our events page http://www.sullivanscastleisland.com/events.php with more info on once in a lifetime events with Tall Ships, Navy fleet, and USS Constitution bicentennial of War of 1812 events., Enjoy this beautiful stretch of weather coming up....No lines today......, Happy Father's Day! This morning a young peregrine falcon was perched on a rock eyeing the folks enjoying their morning constitutional around the sugar bowl., Just to give a heads up to all our loyal customers.Rainy days especially into the evening we will close about 4 0'clock but nice days now we will be open till about 9 pm.We also take visa and mastercard..., Looks like a great stretch of weather is upon us....The fort is open on weekends for tours from 12 till 3:30..http://www.bostonfortindependence.com/, Hopefully this rain is behind us...Todays facebook special is Clam strips..Small $5.00 ,Large $9.95 plus tax...., No line today....Come out and try our Clamstrips,Fish&chips,Lobster rolls ans fried shrimp...Due to the very changing New England weather feel free to call for a closing time(617)268-5685...., Have a great Memorial Day weekend!!! Ft Independence tours start this weekend...This is the link to the website..http://www.bostonfortindependence.com/, I hope everyone is out enjoying this beautiful weekend..., Happy Mother's Day!!!!!!!!!!  You gals rock!!!!!!!!!, Exclusive offer to our Facebook fans...Hot dogs Today 5/8/12 for $1.00(plus tax)..You must mention this offer before placing your order...., Giving away 3 sets of Red sox tickets today to  some lucky random customers....Now all we need is the sun to come out..., Today  we wil be open till around 6 O'clock..No line today a little breezy out here..., We will be closed Tmrw for Easter Sunday..Sunrise Easter mass will be at 6:14 a.m located down by the fish pier..Today we will be open till approximately 6:30......Have a great Easter everyone...., null, We will be closed on Easter Sunday so that our employees can enjoy the day with the  their families...We are open the next three days till sunset unless weather is rainy.. Feel free to call to see what time we are closing for the day..(617)268-5685.., null, Enjoy a fish and chip for only $4.80 plus tax!   Special price is for today 3/28 and tomorrow 3/29 only!, Can we have last weeks weather back please...., My story on the last days of one of the great Bostonisms: "tonic."..

Includes a new Billy and Billy video, complete with what has now become my father's signature sendoff.

http://www.bostonglobe.com/metro/2012/03/24/boston-word-tonic-gives-way-soda/QpbSyMXlJvvESSVERxb6iP/story.html
In Boston, ‘tonic’ gives way to ‘soda’ - The Boston Globe
www.bostonglobe.com
The fifth and final volume of the Dictionary of Regional American English has finally been published, more than 50 years after the project began, and contained in the latest volume, which covers ....Hi normally We(sullivan's )don't send stuff that isnt directly related to the store;but i figured we have a lot of fans  originally from South Boston that mmight really enjoy this read..... I think it is wicked good..There is a  article and a video...., What fantastic weather we had this week....No lines this weekend so come on down....., No banners tomorrow-the Garden folks were down here a couple of hours ago testing a huge flag and decided that the expected chance of winds tomorrow could cause damage to the banners....bummer-that would have been cool to see!, Rumor has it that the Celtics 2008 & Bruins 2011 banners from the Garden will be hanging from Fort Independence tomorrow (Friday 3/23) from 3pm-6pm. We’ll post pics tomorrow to confirm..., EVACUATION DAY MARCH 17th ~
 Evacuation Day remembers the first major American military victory in the American Revolutionary War, which saw the British troops leave Boston on MARCH 17, 1776. General George Washington, who became the United States’ first president, fortified DORCHESTER HEIGHTS by using cannons captured earlier from Fort Ticonderoga. Happy Saint Patrick's Day..We will be open today Till at least 6 o'clock and closed all day tomorrow for the annual parade....., Just a reminder we will be closed this Sunday March 18th for the annual St. Patrick's Day parade...., Hope everyone is enjoying this great weather we have been having..Tonight open till around 7:30., Windy but already in the mid 50s this morning-lots of folks taking their morning constitutional on the Island! Closing today around 6 p.m. Enjoy the sun!, Today3/2 and tomorrow3/3  We will be extending our half price hot dogs....Looks like warmer weather is just around the corner......Have a great weekend....., Today March 1st Hot dogs will still be half price as a Thank you to all our loyal customers who plan on braving this weather..We will be closing at around 3 o'clock today.., Today we will be open till probably around 6 o'clock...Hot dogs are still half price till wednesday.....Thanks for a great opening weekend......, Open today and tomorrow (2/26) until 6 p.m. Welcome Back-great to see so many familiar faces- it is blustery today-the only people that seem to love it are the windsurfers!, We are open for the year..Today we will be closing around 5:30..., We are now opened for the 2012 season...Hot dogs are half price till wednesday so come on down........, Guess who decided to open a day early...Yup we did..We are officially opened as of tomorrow Friday february 24th for the 2012 season..., Let the countdown begin..We open up this Saturday Feb 25th..., This is what the Island looked like LAST winter when we were gearing up to open! Nothing on the ground now except for the beach sand blown onto the roadways by the nor'east winds-hope we aren't jinxing ourselves by tempting mother nature. Opening on Sunday, February 25! See you in 17 days...can't wait., I hope everyone had a great Holiday season and is enjoying this very mild winter...Just over a month to go opening day is feb 25th..., http://store.sullivanscastleisland.com/ Congrats newsletter winners Donna G. of So. Boston, Meghan C. of Plymouth & Mary Ellen K. of Dorchester! The stocking stuffer swag of new Sully’s gear is on its way.
Black Friday Website Special: Free Sullivan’s backpack for every $60 spent online for merch/gift cards. Use code CHILDREN35 for 35% off children’s items., Happy Thanksgiving! We are especially thankful for our great crew. 
Here is Jim entertaining everyone this week-Saturday is his last day before retiring...we’ll miss you Jim! More photos of employee night to follow. Closed today but open Fri., Sat. & Sunday is last day of season., Just a reminder closing this sunday (nov 27th) for the year.., Great week for the Boston boys in L.A.! Congrats to Matt Pitts writer of tonight’s episode of Fringe (9pm on FOX) & Mike Schaub writer of last Monday’s episode of Hawaii Five-0. No doubt these Sully alumni had plenty of foddor with the cast of characters we have here LOL! Way to go-we are proud of you back home!, Say it ain’t so! After 45 seasons on Castle Island our beloved manager, Jim Barron, is hanging up his apron. 

Jim is retiring and his last day will be Saturday, November 26. He is looking forward to having summers off and now it’s his turn to enjoy strolls around Pleasure Bay without worrying about cooking hot dogs! 

Words can’t express how much we will miss him...so we’ll borrow some words from The Beatles: “I don’t know why you say ‘Goodbye’, I say ‘Hello’.” That has always been Jim’s motto with all of his customers. 

Jim, best of luck as you embark on your next chapter! 
from your family at Sullivan’s, Don't forget only 14 days left to get your half price hot dogs!!, 16 more days till closing..Enjoy this sunshine while it lasts....., We wonder if Blades likes our snap dogs too? Photo taken Monday night with a couple of ticket winners. This weather is unbelievable! Let's bottle it and use it February. Open today until about 5 p.m., Lovin' this bonus weather! This is New England for ya-snow in October and 60 degree days in November. Customer Appreciation Month-Sully Snap Dogs 80 cents until we close on Sunday 11/27. Enjoy the sunshine! Hope all of our ticket winners enjoyed watching the Bruins win last night., People you have 22 days left to get your Sully's fix on...Hot dogs 80.cents till the last day of the year nov 27th...., null, Today starts the beginning of our half price hot dogs(.80cents) for the month of november.It's our way of saying Thank you for a great season..This time of year we close about 3:30..., Just a reminder we close for the season in less then a month on november 27th..., Today is the last day for The Halloween Mystery walk from noon till 4......, Just a reminder this weeknd is The Children's Magical Castle Saturday and Sunday from 12-4..A huge special thanks to all of the voluteers from the castle island association who put in alot of sweat and tears to make this a wonderful free event.., Tomorrow: 10/21 @ 11 a.m! History comes alive as 'Old Ironsides' engages in a ship to shore salute at Castle Island. This weekend-Children’s Magical Castle Saturday & Sunday from 12-4. The Castle Island Assoc. & DCR have outdone themselves again this year!, null, Let the sun shine..Six more weeks left till we close so come on down for your chance to win a pair of bruins tickets.....Also a reminder about the Halloween Mystery walk next weekend Saturday and sunday from noon till 4..., Let the sun shine..Six more weeks left till we close so come on down for your chance to win a pair of bruins tickets.....Also a reminder about the Halloween Mystery walk next weekend Saturday and sunday from noon till 4..., Looks like we have more seagulls than cars in the parking lot so we will be closing around 4 o’clock today! That still gives you time to come down and buy a Lobster Roll for only $7.95!!, Today and tmrw Lobster roll special $7.95..We are still giving away Boston bruins to some lucky customers for the month of october...To see if you have won just look inside your food box for a voucher..Also a reminder about the Halloween Mystery walk up at the fort.The dates for that are october 22nd and 23rd from noon till 4 o'clock.., Just a reminder for the month of october we will be giving away bruins tickets to some lucky customers..Just look inside your jtray(food box) for a lucky certficate to claim your pair of tickets..We will be giving out 30 all together... Good luck and enjoy this beautiful weekend..., Just a reminder for the month of october we will be giving away bruins tickets to some lucky customers..Just look inside your jtry(food box) for a lucky certficate to claim your pair of tickets..We will be giving out 30 all together... Good luck and enjoy this beautiful weekend..., null, Castle Island will be a busy place this October! Check out the updated events page on our website. Columbus Day Weekend Tours @ Fort, USS Constitution viewing on 10/21, Halloween Extravaganza 10/22-23. The Castle Island Assoc. volunteers rock! http://www.sullivanscastleisland.com/events.php, Enjoy this weather while we can...., Fall is upon us!!  Come on down and enjoy this beautiful sunny day with a walk around the island and a hot dog!!, Great day to venture out and walk the island..Sully's will be closing for the year the sunday after Thanksgiving....., Due to the upcoming storm we will be closing early tonight and will remain closed all day Sunday!, 60th year anniversary special Hood sport bars 60 cents..Today 8/16 thru Thursday 8/18....While supplies last...:), Due to the weather we are expecting today we will be closing at 4 o'clock..Normally this time of year we are opened to still about 8:30 pm..Have a good day..., Back by popular demand-buy a large crinkle cut & enter to win Red Sox tix! RED SOX vs. YANKEES tickets: 2 sets given away for games this Saturday & Sunday...buy a large fry anytime before this Friday 8/5 and write your name & # on a ticket (one ticket per each lrg. fry purchased.) Winners picked on Friday morning. Go Sox!, What a beautiful day at the island!!!!!!!!!, USS Constitution (Old Iron sides) Will be doing a turn around and a gun salute at noon. Happy Independence day everyone!!!!, Constitution turn around tmrw at noon., Sun?  Where are you? Days like this opened till about 6. Sunny days open till about 9:30., Don't forget...Lobst-ahhhh rolls $7.95 today. Enjoy the sunshine as we still have about 10 hours until the boys take the ice... we've waited 39 years, what is a few more hours until we can enjoy game 7?, Today and tomorrow Lobster roll special $7.95...Go black and gold....., We B-elieve…that there will be a game 7. Bruins-light the lamp tonight!!, Is this day dragging or what? 6 more hours 'til our boys take the ice. GO BRUINS!!!, Hey Canucks-fear the ‘stache! Go Bruins, do it for Horton!!!, Go Bruins!!! Horton hears a WOOOOOO HOOOO. Tonight's the night!, Hi !! Open now till at least 8:30 P.M. Unless raining out. Come on down for dinner no line today., Fort Independence is open for free tours this weekend! Sat.-Mon. 12:00-3:30. SPECIAL EVENT: Sunday 11-4, USS Constitution Master Gun Team demonstration & firing of Old Ironsides cannon used during the War of 1812. Check out the CIA’s website for seasonal tour info: http://www.bostonfortindependence.com/, Hooray-the sun is finally here to stay (for a few days at least)! Perfect night to try our hand breaded fish n’ chip dinner, only $5.50. Open until at least 8 p.m. tonight & even later this weekend., Congratulations to John from Southie!!  He just won bonus tickets to tonight's Red Sox game against the Cubs!  You still have time to win tickets to Sunday night's game.  All you need to do is stop by today Friday May 20th, and purchase a Large French Fries for your chance to enter the drawing! For every Large Fry you purchase, you will receive an entry!  The winner will be chosen Saturday morning by one of our regular coffee guys!!  Go Sox!!!!, Win a pair of Cubs tickets for this Sunday night’s game!  All you have to do is stop by today Thursday May 19th & tomorrow Friday May 20th and purchase a Large French Fries for your chance to enter the drawing!!  For every Large Fry you purchase you will receive an entry!  The winner will be chosen Saturday morning by one of our regular coffee guys!!, One thing I can guarantee people is no line. :), Due to the weather this week we will probably be closing around 5 O'clock; but once you see the sun we will be open till about 8..., Where is the sun?, Happy Mother's Day!!!!, null, Today and tomorrow Lobster roll special $7.95. Easter sunrise Service is sunday at 5:50 a.m by the McKay monument. Happy easter everyone. We will have a full menu tmrw., Special this Thursday & Friday while supply lasts: Hand Breaded 5oz. Haddock FISH 'N CHIPS for $4.60. We are open Easter Sunday with a full menu. FYI: Easter Sunrise Service by the McKay Monument is Sunday at 5:50 a.m. Hope everyone is enjoying school vacation week!, Special today & tomorrow! Fresh & hand breaded to order CLAM STRIPS: small $6 / large $9.60 (price includes tax). Our full menu is available on line: www.sullivanscastleisland.com/menu.php, Win Red Sox tickets instantly! Today through Monday at least 6 pairs given away-look inside your food tray for the lucky voucher. Go Sox & enjoy the weekend!, We are open today. Fish and chips , Lobster rolls, Clam strips , Scallops ,Fried shrimp , grill cheese(tomato) ,Clam chowder.  Come on down and enjoy which will hopefully be the last of this wintery weather., You may have noticed the 27 solar panels that were installed last fall on our front roof. The system is generating up to 6.21kw ultimately offsetting 143 tons of carbon, plus it’s a grid tied system-excess power is sent to the power grid, benefitting area electricity customers. Now we just need to sun to stay out so that we all can enjoy spring!, We’ll be closed tomorrow (3/20) so that our employees can enjoy the parade-we hope you have a great day tomorrow!, Happy Saint Patrick's Day!!!!!!!!!!!!, Today’s 60th year special will be our Lobster Roll for $7.60…Enjoy!!!!, Congratulations to Maryann Hichar, Steve Bowden & Roy Rider! Their coupon entries won them the V.I.P lunch experience....stay tuned more specials & giveaways this season. Enjoy the warmer temps-spring is on the way...thanks for a great opening week it was awesome to see everyone out of hibernation!, Last day to use 60¢ hot dog coupon + enters you to win lunch, skip the line & Sully's merchandise. Have a great weekend! , It's official-spring is almost here! Now open for 2011, 7 days a week. John, 81 years young & Southie resident, was our first customer. Hot Dogs ready at 10:30 this morning. Celebrating 60 years-Hot Dogs 60¢ thru Weds 3/2. This time of year closing at sunset...thanks everyone!, 24 hours till opening!!!, 2 days till opening., 3 more days people!!!!, Let the countdown begin.. 6 more days....saturday  february 26th..., null, Perfect stocking stuffer! Sully's Knit Hat: $9.95. We ship 2-3 day priority mail across the country. Free visor with min. $25 order. http://store.sullivanscastleisland.com/, Last day of the season... Closing around 3..., Enjoy the last 60 degree day of the year-LOBSTER ROLLS $7.95 today! While supplies last. Closed on Thanksgiving Day.  Closing for the season on Sunday at 4:30 p.m.  Happy Thanksgiving Everyone-enjoy the time with your family & friends!, Last week people.......Closing this sunday nov.28th...., Our on-line store is now live & just in time for Christmas shopping ;) Merchandise can still be purchased in store until we close next Sunday 11/28., 9 days left people....closing nov 28th...., Hooray the sun is out this weekend! It seemed like Murphy’s Law was in effect when we installed 27 solar panel modules (6.21kw) and then it was rain & clouds for days on end! 15 more days until we close for winter...80 pennies for a hot dog., F.Y.I....Only 3 weeks left for our annual half price hot dogs " .80 cents".... Closing  for the season on Sunday November 28th...., Our friends at 'Caught in Southie' visited us-read all about it. Congrats Ladies on your one year anniversary! Starting Monday-Hot Dogs 80 cents for the month of November until we close for the season on 11/28., Thanks Castle Island Association for a great weekend & all that you do through out the year to keep the history and appreciation of Fort Independence alive! We just posted an new album with some photos, 12-4 today & tomorrow @ the Fort. Halloween SPOOKtacular for children!!!
What is your favorite 'haunted' chamber? The Wizard of Oz room & Magic show are always a hit with the wee ones...they can skip the 'scary' stuff!
Send us your photos of the weekend & we'll create a Facebook album: photos@sullivanscastleisland.com, Children’s Magical Halloween Extravaganza @ Fort Independence!
This weekend: Oct. 23 & 24, Noon-4:00 p.m., Costumes Optional
FREE! Sponsored by the Castle Island Association (CIA) in partnership with the Massachusetts Department of Conservation and Recreation (DCR), Did you get our Fall Newsletter?, Last weekend for free Fort Independence tours: Sat., Sun., & Monday 12-3:30. Congratulations to the all volunteer Castle Island Assoc. for breaking attendance records this year. Enjoy the perfect weather for Columbus Day weekend!, One more day for your $7.95 lobster roll..........Have a great weekend...., Back by popular demand ……. Lobster roll today and tomorrow  $7.95.Fiesta!!!!!!!!!!!!, 10 Winners of our Trifecta T-Shirt! Our weekly Facebook friend winners are: Nancy Elizabeth Black, Arlene Dacey, Dan Dufresne, Julia Fasano, Rich Lawlor Jr., MaryAnne Miller, Martha Paine, Jim Whalen, Bob Yanovitch, and Paul Yeaton. Stop in to get your T (ask for a manager at the register) or send an email to us: comments@sullivanscastleisland.com!, Per the requests of some of our Facebook friends-$7.95 Lobster Roll extended today & Friday (9/30-10/1), Lobster roll special today...$7.95..., Happy fall people...Enjoy these last remaining days of summer like weather...Alot of people have been asking when we close.. we will be open till the end of november.. Sunday after Thanksgiving Nov 28th....., What a perfect sunny day for the South Boston Street Festival! Today from 11-4 between I & L on East Broadway. Tomorrow (Sunday) Fort Independence, Castle Island open for free tours from 12:30-3:30., Back to school special!!!! Lobster roll $7.95..Today 9/16 and tmrw 9/17...come and get em....., Summer may be over but we are open 7 days a week until November 28. A big THANK YOU goes out to our 45 high school & college students as they return to classes. They all did an amazing job this summer-now it is time to hit the books!, FYI: U.S.S. Constitution turn around scheduled for tomorrow morning (9/3) has been cancelled due to expected high seas with the oncoming storm., null, Rain today...sun tomorrow! Lobster Roll special $7.95 today & tomorrow (8/25,26). We’ll close today @ 4:30 p.m. if the rain doesn’t stop. Weather looks great for U.S.S. Constitution viewing on Friday morning at 9!, PAUL REVERE. “Castle William” was probably a pile of rubble due to the British evacuation in March 1776. Paul Revere’s mills made the copper & bronze fittings for the U.S.S. Constitution in 1797 & the copper sheathing for her in 1803. Source: ‘Castle Island and Fort Independence by William J. Reid’
Congrats to winners: Laura Thomas, Jeffrey Litif, Erin Brenner, ‘Ladons’ & Dwayne Dahlbeck. Thanks to all that replied!, U.S.S. Constitution viewed from Castle Island! AUGUST 27 & SEPTEMBER 3 at 9:00 a.m. Under full sail! 


TRIVIA QUESTION: Who served as commanding officer of Castle Island from 1776 to 1780?


The first 5 people to correctly email the answer to 'comments@sullivanscastleisland.com' get a Sully’s t-shirt. Answer will be posted when winning emails are all received.


Photo of 2005 turnaround courtesy of Terry Joyce, Castle Island Association., We have some catching up to do on our weekly Facebook give away...congrats to everyone listed below! You get your choice of a $10 gift card or a Sully’s t-shirt. Identify yourself as a winner at the register and a manager will take care of you.

Kaylee Bruneau, Sean Patrick Conley, Mark De Sisto, Erin Flaherty Johnson, Charlene Nichols Kachel, Athena Kotarides, Jessica McKinnon, Patricia Melka, Marlene Mena, Mike Poland, Gina Reno, Roy E. Rider, Jason Sullivan (no relation!), Paul Yeaton, Steve Woods.  

Send an email to "comments@sullivanscastleisland.com" if you won’t be on the Island anytime soon and we’ll mail it to you., For all you people that hate long lines today would be a great day for sull'ys.........., Happy 4th of July! Enjoy the new album of pics taken this morning. U.S.S. Constitution turnaround viewed from Castle Island, Sunday July 4 at noon. Have a safe and happy long weekend!, This Sat. 6/19 @ 8:30 p.m. Boston Harbor Parade of Lights. Best views from Castle Island! 30 vessels cruising from Castle Island to Boston inner harbor. www.sailboston.com, This Friday, June 4 at 9:30 a.m. USS Constitution at Castle Island!
“A Salute to Wounded Warriors” returned salute from ship to shore. Sponsored by the DCR & Castle Island Association. Old Ironsides is the oldest warship afloat in the world.


This & every Thursday through August, Fort Independence open for Twilight Boston Skyline Viewing from 7pm until dusk. Fort is now open for free guided tours Saturday & Sunday from 12:30-3:00. www.bostonfortindependence.com, Memorial Day Weekend-Fort Independence open for free tours Sat.-Mon. from 12-3:30. Photo of the Korean War Memorial honoring the 20 men from South Boston that gave their lives 60 years ago. We pause and thank ALL that have made sacrifices for our freedom.

Honor to those who never sought it;
Fame to those who never wished it;
Glory to those who never dreamed it;
Immortality, for they earned it.
(Quote from a Civil War Monument), Tough Bruin's loss last night....  But great weather this weekend for sully's......, Who played only ONE game in the NHL with the Bruins and then later went on to coach the Bruins?  Dinner ($20 max.) on us tonight for the first person to show up at the register with the correct answer!  All other correct answers receive a free soft serve cone. Tonight only... GO BRUINS!!!, Hot dogs $1.00 today...must mention the “Facebook Special” at register before ordering. It may be cold & damp on the Island today but our food is hot! Closing around 5 today. Marathoners, good luck on Monday!!, We have a new website!, Congratulations to Sue Mara.. she is this weeks winner for the tickets to the baseball game...., Happy Easter! Enjoy the weekend...Winner of NYY game tix will be picked tomorrow-make sure to give the cashier your entry (print out our or your page and write your name & number on it).
Annual Easter Sunday Sunrise Mass, 6:30 a.m. at McKay Statue sponsored by the Castle Island Association. Due to the nice weather, we will be open on Easter Sunday at 10 am with a very limited menu of drinks, ice cream and french fries. 
Congratulations to Randy Greeley winner of this week’s $10 gift card., LOBSTER ROLLS $7.00! Today only-Tuedsay March 30, closing at 2:30 pm Rain, rain go away..., Among the memorials at Castle Island are the John McCorkle fishing pier and the Robert Greene playground honoring Boston Firefighters that gave the ultimate sacrifice. This photo is for the Jakes-thanks for your dedication. 

Don’t forget to put your entry in to win baseball tickets for April 6., Sweet Caroline bumpbumpbaahh…win 2 tix to see our beloved Sox tromp the Evil Empire on Tuesday, April 6. How to enter: ) print out the first page of this fan page 2)write your name & contact number on the page 3) hand it to one of the cashiers. Winner will be picked from the entries on Sat. 4/3 at the end of day. Congrats to Maureen Rutledge, she is the winner of this weeks $10 Facebook fan giftcard., Happy First Day of Spring! Pretty soon the playground will be in full bloom...how many of us actually played on that cement elephant growing up? What other Castle Island photos do you want to see? the red bench? sugar bowl?, Congrats to Heather Foley-she gets this week's facebook gift card. T.G.I.F.-enjoy the sun everyone! In this Lenten season we have a lot of tasty treats to choose from (say out loud in your best Bubba from Forest Gump voice): lobster roll, tuna fish roll, hand breaded fried shrimp, clam strips, clam bellies, scallops, clam chowder, lobster bisque, fish sandwich, fish & chips..., Happy St. Patrick’s Day! Legend has it that if you are strolling out here & a big green Aer Lingus bird flies overhead, you are transported to the Salthill Prom or to Dun Laoghaire-if not in body at least in spirit. On this day, our prayers are with the family & friends of Michael Bare. Mr. Bare kept the torch of Boston’s Revolutionary War history aflame. 234 years ago today the British evacuated Boston when the Ft. Ticonderoga cannons were positioned on Dorchester Heights. Attached is a photo taken last summer from inside Fort Independence (the 8th and present fortification built in 1851), in 1776 this land was the site of Castle William, where loyalists took refuge., Although the weather looks like it won't cooperate this weekend- enjoy the St. Patrick's Day Parade! We'll be closed on Sunday so that our employees can enjoy the day with their families and friends. We hope you enjoy this photo of the original building (1950s).
Congratulations to Jimmy Concannon-his entry won the Bruins tix!
Also, Jim Kane is the recipient of this week's gift card!, It is a gorgeous sunny day at the Island! Days like this remind us why we put up with winter in Boston, eventually it turns to spring… let’s hope we get this weather for the parade next Sunday (3/14) Don’t forget to put your entry in to win Bruins tickets!, Win 3 tickets to a Bruins game! Monday, March 29 vs the Buffalo Sabres.
How to enter: 
1) print out the first page of this fan page
2) write your name & contact number on the page 
3) hand it to one of the cashiers 
Winner will be picked from the entries on 3/12 at noon.


Thanks for being a follower of our facebook page. Don’t worry-we’ll only use the name/number to call the winner of the tickets. Stayed tuned all season long because we’ll be giving away Red Sox tickets and posting facebook only specials on food. Congrats to facebook follower David McPherson who drove down in the traffic from NH on Monday-he wins this week’s $10 giftcard., Make sure Castle Island gets identified as one of the best places in the commonwealth to visit. Go to the travel and tourism site-give them your email, click on the ‘nominate’ box and write why Castle Island is the best! Where else in Boston can you be surrounded by the ocean, have a place for the kids to play, go for a run, take a tour at the site of one of the United States oldest military fortifications-Fort Independence- and be with great people? Ummm… on second thought… maybe we shouldn’t let everyone in on how awesome Castle Island is (j/k)!, We'll close today, Sunday, around 6:00. Hockey game is on the big screen-let's hope for a USA rally!, Thanks for a great 2010 opening day! We'll close today around 5 p.m. Now open 7 days a week starting at 8:30 am for coffee, danish and donuts and the grill gets going at 10:30 am., let the year begin!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!, Just finished final preparations for Opening Day tomorrow! Stop down and see our new lobby..., Take the Chris Lane Hot Dog Challenge-keep your corner clean! Chris and his dad Buddy provide the details on the caughtinsouthie website., We open on Saturday- every diehard Bostonian knows that Sullivan’s opening is better than worrying about what Punxsutawney Phil does! Open 7 Days a week. Let us know what you think. Every week we will offer a $10 gift card to the Fan that give us the best/most constructive comment., Sullivan's Castle Island opens for our 60th season on Sat. February 27th. It is customer appreciation weekend & hot dogs will be 80 cents. Stay tuned for more updates... feel free to send us your comments and suggestions!)