List(Bracket still intact? Watch the glory unfold at Captain Fishbones!

Enjoy 1/2 priced Pizza during the #FinalFour Games on 4/2 and during the #Championship Game on 4/4!, Get in on the Madness with 1/2 Off Pizza! http://bit.ly/1WO3Vvw, It tastes as good as you think it does., Happy Easter from your crew at Captain Fishbones! We are OPEN today and can't wait to see all of our guests for Brunch and Dinner.

Reservations are still open for Dinner this evening!, What your weekend view needs to look like. Bring the family in to enjoy some great views and even better drinks in celebration of #Easter weekend!, Are you ready to fill your brackets and your stomach? #MunchMadness, If you’re on the hunt for an unforgettable Easter, look no further. Join us for our #Easter Dinner! We will be serving our special #DinnerFor2 Menu starting at 3pm. Call 617.471.3511 today to reserve your seat., Get a HOP on Your Easter Reservations! http://bit.ly/223AyZr, While Easter eggs aren’t always easy to find, the perfect reservation is. 
Call 617-471-3511 today to make your reservation for our Easter Sunday Brunch!, Because we KNOW you're not really working anyway. Head down here for our St. Paddy's Day Irish Specials, available through 3/20!, Happy #StPatricksDay! We wouldn't be surprised if we found THIS at the end of the rainbow.

Check out our special St. Paddy's Menu available now through 3/20 here: http://bit.ly/FishbonesStPatricksDay, #StPatricksDay is right around the corner and we're feeling the Luck 'O The Irish! Check out our special St. Patrick's Day menu, available 3/17-3/20, by clicking below., Get Lucky with Captain Fishbones! http://bit.ly/223A1GS, Less than one month until Easter. What will you do to bring your family together? We're hoping you'll bring them to Captain Fishbones!

View Easter Brunch Menu Here: http://bit.ly/FishbonesEasterBrunch, It's #Saturday - Are you drinking what we're drinking?, One week until #StPatricksDay! Our St. Patrick's Day Menu will SHAMROCK your world.

View Specials Here: http://bit.ly/FishbonesStPatricksDay, “Pick one” is much easier said than done.

📷: @nayomee617, Rise. Shine. Brunch.

Join us for our #SundayBrunch today until 2pm!, Our Limited Time #DinnerFor2 Menu is still available - 2 entrees and a bottle of wine for just $29.99 every Thursday-Sunday from 5-close.

Be sure to come by to try it while it's here!, Regardless of the weather outside, it's always warm (and delicious) in here! #TBT, March in for $9.99 Omelettes! http://bit.ly/1T45y9Y, It's #LeapDay - or as we like to call it, one extra day to eat lobster!, Calling all Seafood fans... this one is for you! 

Enjoy our delicious #DinnerForTwo menu offering 2 entrees and a bottle of wine for just $29.99 every Thursday-Sunday from 5pm-close!, All for lunch and lunch for all!

$6.99 Lunch Specials every M-F at Captain Fishbones., Your favorite hello and hardest goodbye., Homemade waffles with fresh strawberries and blueberries is how we like to start our Sunday! Brunch is served today from 10am to 2pm., Let's do lunch! Every Monday-Friday we offer 3 lunch specials for just $6.99. No better reason to throw out your bagged lunch and take a well deserved break from the office!, Call your friend, family member or coworker you've been meaning to catch up with to enjoy a relaxing meal for 2 at Captain Fishbones! Our #DinnerFor2 Menu includes 2 entrees and a bottle of wine for just $29.99.

Available Thursday-Sunday from 5pm-Close.
View Menu: http://bit.ly/FishbonesDinnerForTwo, Hurry in for our February Specials! http://bit.ly/1QQrwKf, You can’t buy me love… but you can buy me food and that’s basically the same thing, right?

Happy #ValentinesDay! Join us for Lunch or Dinner today for our 4-Course Menu for 2! http://bit.ly/CaptainFishbonesVDay, Love is... on our plates! Bring your sweetheart, friend or parent in to Captain Fishbones this #ValentinesDay weekend for Lunch or Dinner to enjoy our 4-Course Menu for 2!

Call (617) 471-3511 today to reserve a seat.
View Menu --> http://bit.ly/CaptainFishbonesVDay, Treat your special one to our Valentine's Day Weekend Special - Sat, Feb. 13th & Sun, Feb. 14th. Includes:
- Menu for Two
- 4 delicious courses
- Flowers for the ladies
- Select your own wine or champagne
- All for $74.99

Call (617) 471-3511 for reservations!
Valentines Day menu here --> http://bit.ly/CaptainFishbonesVDay, It's #FatTuesday - This is no time for self restraint!, We're in love! (With our V-Day Menu) http://bit.ly/1PZ1jG9, Captain Fishbones will be open all day starting at 11:30 am! Come on down and watch the storm. Purchase any sandwich or burger and receive a free bowl of soup of the day. Fishbones has a generator so, even if the Marina loses power we'll be up an running. See you there!, Big Game, Super Specials!

Join us for the #BigGame tomorrow and enjoy a FREE buffet during half time and loads of other game time specials!, Who needs a 'special occasion' for a feast? Thursday seems special enough to us! Enjoy our Dinner for Two special at Captain Fishbones!
http://bit.ly/FishbonesDinnerForTwo, FEBRUARY LUNCH SPECIALS!
Monday-Friday enjoy a FREE bowl of soup all day with the purchase of any Sandwich or Burger from our regular menu!, Don't miss out on our February Specials! http://bit.ly/1PZ0m0D, Our brunch game puts all the rest to shame...

Our $12.99 Sunday Brunch Buffet INCLUDES a Mimosa or Bloody Mary!, Nothing tastes as good as Friday feels., For this week's #TBT, we're taking you back to warmer weather, refreshing drinks and this gorgeous view! By a show of LIKES, who's ready for #Summer2016?, Picture perfect., It's GAMEDAY, Pats fans! Join us for the game today and enjoy our many food and drink specials. #DoYourJob #PatriotsNation #LetsGoPats, The Patriots are #ontoDenver and you should be On To Captain Fishbones to watch the game this weekend! PATS vs. Broncos, Sunday 1/24 at 3PM., Champion Specials for the Championship Game! http://bit.ly/1SzNPqv, Just in case you're already thinking about what to have for dinner tonight...., “Darkness cannot drive out darkness; only light can do that. Hate cannot drive out hate; only love can do that.”- Martin Luther King Jr. #MLK

We are OPEN today, stop by and see us!, Do your job! And your job is to watch the Patriots at Captain Fishbones. PATS vs. Chiefs, 4:35 p.m.

We've got tons of specials going on today including 1/2 price pizza (any size, any toppings), $3.50 Pearl Hot Dogs, $4.50 Sausage, Pepper and Onion Sandwiches and our famous football platter for $14.99 starting at 3pm today and lasting until the end of Game 2 on Sunday., If You Can't Be There, Be Here! http://bit.ly/1no2hVR, If you can't be there, be here! Watch ALL the Playoff action at Captain Fishbones this weekend and enjoy our specials below starting at 3pm Saturday and lasting until the end of Game 2 on Sunday..

1/2 price pizza (any size, any toppings), $3.50 Pearl Hot Dogs, $4.50 Sausage, Pepper and Onion Sandwiches and our famous football platter for just $14.99., Calling all o'fish'ianados:, Yesterday we lost a member of our Captain Fishbones family. Lil Jimmy passed away and our hearts are broken. He was always the life of party and truly had a heart of gold. Our thought and prayers go out to the Hayes family and to all his friends. Rest easy little buddy!, The weather may be getting colder, but our clam chowder is sure to warm you right up., We don't stop until the two minute warning! Stop by Captain Fishbones to watch today's NFL Playoff games. Good food, cold beer, and football - what more could you need on a Sunday?, Friday…Fried-Day., There are a lot of things we're letting go of in the New Year, but this isn’t one of them., Monday seems a lot more tolerable when this is for lunch..., If you can't be there, be here. Watch the Patriots take on the Dolphins at Captain Fishbones! Kick off is at 12pm. GO PATS!, We would like to let everyone know that our website is currently down and we are currently working on the issue.  Sorry for any inconvenience., Happy New Year to Everyone!  Looking to do something to ring in 2016, come on down to Captain Fishbones.  We will be open from 11:30 am-1:00 am tonight.  Need to help get rid of  last nights hangover.  We are serving a la carte breakfast specials from 11:30 am-4:00 pm today. Maybe a bloody mary or mimosa is exactly you need., Still don't know where you'll be counting down to 2016? Grab some friends and come into Captain Fishbones! We have a four course dinner, a champagne toast, party favors, and more to ring in the New Year in style!  We will be also serving our full menu until 10:30 pm.  Then pizzas until 1 am

More details here: http://bit.ly/1P5ujQw
Call (617) 471-3511 now for Reservations!, Thinking on where you want to go tomorrow to celebrate New Year's Day!  Come join us at Captain Fishbones for our a la carte breakfast specials!  Enjoy a Captain's House Bloody Mary or Mimosa for $7.99 each, while watching all your favorite college football games., Start 2016 on a delicious note and join us on New Year's Day for a special a la carte brunch! Featuring all your Captain Fishbones Brunch favorites until 4pm., Toast the new year with us at Captain Fishbones!

More details here: http://bit.ly/1P5ujQw
Call (617) 471-3511 now for Reservations!, Merry Christmas from our family to yours! We are closed today so that the Captain's Crew can spend time with family and friends!. We hope you enjoy the day with your loved ones!, Still don't know where you'll be counting down to the New Year? Grab some friends and join us for a New Year's Eve Party and 4-Course dinner to ring in 2016!

More details here: http://bit.ly/1P5ujQw
Call (617) 471-3511 now for Reservations!, Cherish the Cheer this Year! http://bit.ly/1OtVwHS, Stuff your loved ones' stockings with Captain Fishbones gift cards & they too will be pleasantly stuffed!

Dont miss out on our Holiday #GiftCard bonus: For every $100 spent on gift cards, you receive a $25 card for free! Give us a call or talk to your server today about purchasing!, Ring in the New Year at Captain Fishbones! http://bit.ly/1P5ujQw, Great Food. Beautiful Atmosphere. Lifelong Memories. Give an amazing gift this Holiday Season... All with one tiny card!

Captain Fishbones is offering a Holiday #GiftCard bonus: For every $100 spent on gift cards, you receive a $25 card for free! Give us a call or talk to your server today about purchasing!, Who's ready for some Sunday Night Football? Come watch the Patriots vs. Texans game tonight at Captain Fishbones! GO PATS!, Not to "fish" for compliments, but this is probably the way to go for dinner tonight...
Join us for our Dinner for Two with a Bottle of Wine special! http://bit.ly/1OL0vse, With the holidays right around the corner, don't forget to celebrate with us! Our New Years Eve's special menu is in the works and our excitement of prepping for this year's celebration grows! Don't miss the opportunity to celebrate with us this year!, Your Monday just got a whole lot better., Our calamari's so good, you'll want to cala-marry it.
📷: gaiavigano, Thursday: aka Friday Eve. Celebrate accordingly., Go ahead, you’ve earned this., LAST CHANCE to take advantage of our #BlackFriday Holiday Party pricing! Give Melissa a call today at 617-471-3511 to take advantage of this great offer!, Relax after the Thanksgiving chaos and let us do the cooking! Join us for lunch and/or dinner to enjoy a bottle of wine and a meal for 2 for just $29.99. Our Dinner For Two menu will be available all day Friday, 11/27 and Saturday, 11/28. #BlackFriday

We're also offering you a Holiday #GiftCard bonus: For every $100 spent on gift cards, you receive a $25 card for free! Give us a call or talk to your server today about purchasing!, Happy Thanksgiving from our family to yours! We are truly grateful for our wonderful customers, staff, neighbors and community. We will be closed today so that our staff can spend time with their families but we will be back open tomorrow for #BlackFriday!, Serving up Savings for Black Friday! http://bit.ly/1No6Wm7, Just a few days left to take advantage of our #BlackFriday Holiday Party Pricing! Call Melissa at 617-471-3511 TODAY to book before it's too late!, #Mondays are much more tolerable when it's a short week and  you have #MondayNightFootball to look forward to! #Patriots #Bills

We're giving anyone wearing a New England Patriots shirt a FREE Appetizer when watching with us tonight. Help us spread the word by sharing this post, Go Patriots!, You'll be eating turkey soon enough. For now..., Take advantage of our #BlackFriday Holiday Party pricing now before it's too late! We're giving you a major discount on booking your holiday party before 11/29.

Parties of 24-48: Dinner for 2 Menu with a bottle of wine $29.99 
Party of 24: $359.88* includes 12 bottles of wine
Party of 48: $719.76* includes 24 bottles of wine
*Valid for reservations through 12/23/15. Subject to availability, deposit, tax and gratuity. 

Call Melissa today at 617-471-3511 to book!, Black Friday Savings for your Holiday Event! http://bit.ly/1SWJPOd, Find your happy place., Infinity is forever, but the weekend isn't. Savor what's left at Captain Fishbones with our special Dinner For Two menu. Available every Thursday - Sunday for just $29.99.

View Menu here: http://bit.ly/FishbonesDinnerForTwo, Two is always better than one., Today we salute all the brave men and women who have served our nation. Veterans and Active Military - Dine with us today to receive a FREE MEAL with purchase of a full-priced menu item. #VeteransDay, Our Special Veteran’s Day Thank You http://bit.ly/1Mo9cY9, Make the mimosta your weekend, join us for Brunch!, This is how weekends are meant to be spent..., Hungry? Perfect timing, we just made you dinner!

Dine with us any Thursday - Sunday and enjoy our special "Dinner For Two" menu and a bottle of wine for $29.99!, Let's get up close and personal., In case you didn’t get enough sweets last night, we've got our Dinner For Two menu available and .99¢ Desserts to go with it tonight!, No Halloween plans? Fear not! Join us for a delicious Dinner For Two and a bottle of wine for just $29.99! 

Trick or TREAT yourself to a .99¢ dessert with any "Dinner For Two" meal!, Get your game face on and join us tonight for Thursday Night Football! Enjoy 1/2 priced pizza starting at 7:30pm and lasting until we close! Let's go #Patriots! #ThursdayNightFootball, Who needs candy when you can have this? http://bit.ly/1NwQSek, Monday got you feeling upside down? We've got the cure!

Join us tonight for #MondayNightFootball & 1/2 priced Apps!, "Pick one" is much easier said than done., Clear your schedule... you've got a dinner date with Captain Fishbones!

View Dinner for 2 menu: http://bit.ly/FishbonesDinnerForTwo, Wine Down Wednesday with 2-1 Fajitas! http://bit.ly/1RN0SSk, #Sunday agenda: Rise, Shine, Brunch., Read between 
EAT AT CAPTAIN FISHBONES
the lines., At Captain Fishbones, we believe that everyday of the week is special! Enjoy a delicious deal each day of the week when dining with us!

Weekdays: $6.99 Lunch Specials  | Monday: #MondayNightFootball &1/2 priced Appetizers | Tuesday: Buck a Shuck | Wednesday: BOGO Fajita Night | Thursday-Saturday: Dinner and a Bottle of Wine for 2 for $29.99 | Sunday: Brunch from 10-2 and football specials, Get your game face on and join us tonight for #MondayNightFootball - 1/2 priced Apps during the games!, Long week? Make dinner simple tonight and enjoy Dinner and a Bottle of Wine for just $29.99.

View Dinner for 2 Menu here: http://bit.ly/FishbonesDinnerForTwo, Give yourself the night off. http://bit.ly/1P5VWZk, Sizzle your way through #Wednesday with BOGO Fajitas at Captain Fishbones tonight!, Plan your week with us! http://bit.ly/1P5YBSz, It's #Saturday and life is brewtiful!, Warm up this fall with a delicious bowl of our #ClamChowder!, The best reason to get out of bed on a Sunday. #Brunch 

Join us today from 10am-2pm!, Your weekend starts here., We'll take one of everything, please., Tuesdays made better, with our NEW Lunch Special - 3 menu options for you to choose from each day of the work week for just $6.99!

View today's specials here: http://bit.ly/FishbonesLunchSpecials, It's #GameDay! Watch the Patriots play at Captain Fishbones TODAY and enjoy our #NFLSpecial - 1/2 off Pizza, $3.50 Pearl Hot Dogs & $4.50 Sausage Pepper and Onion Sandwiches.

*Available starting at 1pm every game day, Football is back, view our Game Day specials! http://bit.ly/1MclcKL, Skip the bagged lunch and join us at Captain Fishbones! We're offering 3 daily specials for you to choose from each day of the work week for just $6.99!

View today's specials here: http://bit.ly/FishbonesLunchSpecials, Be the FIRST to know about exclusive offers and events at Captain Fishbones by joining our Text Club!

Text FISHBONES to 48307 to join today!, Update from earlier post about the phones. We are back in business so, if you need to get in touch with us, please call 617-471-3511. Have a great day!, Dip, sip, repeat! #HappySaturday, Are you ready for some FOOTBALL?! Kick off the #NFL season by watching the #Patriots play at Captain Fishbones tonight!, Got a case of the Tuesdays? Our NEW Lunch special can help! http://bit.ly/1NPIGZ3, When life gives you a #3DayWeekend, make the most of it with #Brunch today from 10am-2pm!, Cheers to #LaborDayWeekend!

Join us today for $9.99 Burgers fresh from the grill, cold drinks and live entertainment!, Be the FIRST to know about exclusive offers and events at Captain Fishbones by joining our Text Club!

Text FISHBONES to 48307 to join today!, #LaborDayWeekend is right around the corner! Celebrate an amazing summer with us all weekend long with live entertainment, sizzling cheeseburgers off the grill and cold drinks! Don't forget about Sunday Brunch from 10am-2pm!, Sail in and stay all weekend! http://bit.ly/1NKT0BB, Some say "lobster," others say "lobstah." We say "delicious.", Spend the last #Saturday in #August with a delicious meal on our patio!, Enjoy a Cheeseburger in Paradise!, Stay in the know by joining Fishbones' Text Club! You'll also receive 1/2 OFF a Land Lovers Appetizer, as soon as you join!

Text FISHBONES to 48307 to join the club today!, ♫ It takes two, baby ♫, You've worked hard to get to Friday and you most certainly deserve this., Join us for the Smooth Crooner Styling of Sigy Moller every Thursday Evening, great food great music and a wonderful view. Need we say more!?!

#tbt
#marinalife, Text me, maybe? http://bit.ly/1J7rt94, Surf & Turf: the original power couple. 

thanks @mackymarc84 for the awesome pic, Don't let summer slip by without an afternoon on our patio!, The waffles your brunch dreams are made of.

Sunday Brunch served from 10am-2pm. Call 617-471-3511 for reservations!, Join us for live music tonight! We're hosting Sigy Moller from The Sounds of Legends tonight from 7-11pm.

More information below, see you tonight!, The hAPPiest of hours are spent with a Deep Eddy cocktail in hand and an order from our Happy App menu!

Every Monday - Friday | 4pm - 6pm, Cool off with a Happy App! http://bit.ly/1SX7Y5A, We don't mean to fish for compliments but our Clam Chowder is absolutely delicious!, Win tickets to see Zac Brown Band by joining us tonight from 7pm-9pm! We're hosting the Coors Light Girls and Bull 101.7 for a night filled with your country favorites, t-shirts & giveaways!, What could be better than $1 Oysters, Cherrystones & Shrimp Cocktail at Captain Fishbones? Absolutely nothing! #BuckAShuck

Join us tonight from 5pm-10pm., Join us tomorrow night for "A Buck A Shuck!"

$1 Oysters, Cherrystones & Shrimp Cocktail | Tuesdays 5:00 PM - 10:00 PM, Win tickets to see Zac Brown! http://bit.ly/1IstwWp, Join us on August 6th for a night filled with your country favorites, t-shirts & giveaways! We're hosting the Coors Light Girls & Bull 101.7 from 7pm-9pm and will be giving away a pair of Zac Brown Tickets!, The Weekend Welcoming Committee has arrived!, Interested in staying up to date on the latest Captain Fishbones offers and events? Then join our Eclub! We’ll even give you a free entree, just for joining!

Join here: http://bit.ly/CaptainFishbonesEclub, Last day to celebrate our 15th anniversary with us and glass of bubbly at these commemorative prices!
 
Freixenet Cordon Negro 187ml $5.15 | Freixenet Blanc de Blancs 750ml $15.15, Savor Summer- $1.00 Oysters, Cherrystones & Shrimp Cocktail http://bit.ly/1MnWzfr, Nothing says “it’s the weekend” quite like this!, Cheers to 15 years of delicious food and beautiful views! We’ll be celebrating  all week with Freixenet Champagne. Come by and see us!

Freixenet Cordon Negro 187ml $5.15 | Freixenet Blanc de Blancs 750ml $15.15, Cheers to Fifteen Years! http://bit.ly/1e50n7j, We’re not sure what summer tastes like. But we’re pretty sure this is close., We have a packed Saturday for entertainment !

2 pm - 4 pm Mt. Gay Black Barrel will be here featuring our Fishbones Punch while listening to a Steel Drum Band! 

530-7pm Leinenkugel girls will be here promoting Summer Shandy and will have giveaways

7- 11 pm Jason DeSimone will be singing all your favorite songs from Frank Sinatra to Bruno Mars! 

What better way to spend a Saturday!, The weekend starts when you say so., Enjoy a taste of the tropics this Saturday! http://bit.ly/1V3UCIF, We received an excellent 5 star review from Yelper, Marina M. who said:
“We live nearby so we've been to Captain Fishbones quite a few times and have tried their dinner specials, brunch, random summer days on the water and random winter days at the bar. All solid experiences but last night really topped it for me. They hosted my husband's surprise 40th birthday and I was impressed by everything. The staff was great (particularly Maria, who patiently dealt with about 30 bar tabs!) and they were so flexible. They made it easy for me to enjoy myself at the party and not have to stress about the details. I got great feedback from all of the guests on the food and the location. Thanks, Fishbones!”
 
Your kind words keep us going! We hope to see you soon, Marina., Thanks Instagrammer rezasalahuddin for the great Instagram pic., Weekend Nights Live Entertainment All Summer Long
Friday 7-11 DJ Skip
Saturday 7-11 Jason DeSimone
Country Sundays 4-8 http://bit.ly/1Jqgkmz, 4TH OF JULY WEEKEND
SAIL THROUGH THE WEEKEND
2 FOR 1 APPS, LIVE ENTERTAINMENT AND FIREWORKS http://bit.ly/1JqeP7U, Thanks Instagrammer miissmorgs for the great Instagram pic., "Chicken Fried, Cold beer on THIS THURSDAY NIGHT" http://bit.ly/1LBNNLg, Thanks Instagrammer rachhh312 for the great Instagram pic., Win Tickets to Zac Brown Band at Fenway Enter to win at Captain Fishbones on
Thursday July 2nd from 6 to 7:30 http://bit.ly/1J6fLhI, Need Father's Day Reservations? http://bit.ly/1MPlFl0, Thanks Instagrammer lindseyyyy__ for the great Instagram pic., Summer Sun Fun http://bit.ly/1JNeM4l, Thanks Instagrammer jackiemcmayonnaise for the great Instagram pic., Only $9.99 - Happy Marina Bay Monday - Forget the Rain - Scallops and Prime Rib Special(s)  http://bit.ly/1HHp7KO, I am sorry to say but we are no longer taking reservations for our Mother's Day Brunch between 10 am-4 pm. However, we will be accepting walk ins on a first come, first serve basis and depending on the weather, we hope to utilize our outdoor patio.  We are still accepting dinner reservation starting at 430 pm. Please, be aware that during the Brunch hours of 10 am- 4 pm, we will only be serving the Buffet brunch.  The dinner menu will be not available until after 4 pm.  Thank you and we hope all the Mothers out there have a wonderful day!, Our dinner for two menu has ended http://bit.ly/1DIWVJv, Mother's Day Brunch at Captain Fishbone's http://bit.ly/1IKAGTf, Make your Easter Brunch Reservations Today! http://bit.ly/1F53szQ, Serving St.Patrick Day specials all day! 🍀🍀🍀🍀, Last chance to get a Mimosa, House Bloody or Beer included in your Brunch http://bit.ly/1BFpLt9, Celebrate St. Patrick's Day at Captain Fishbone's Restaurant http://bit.ly/1CaEiiC, With the snow starting to melt, spring is right around the corner! So, Captain Fishbones is starting to hire seasonal FOH help! Looking for experienced servers and bartenders. Must have 2 years experience in fast paced full service restaurant willing to work days, nights, weekends and holidays. Also, looking for host/hostesses, must be at least 18 years old with a valid MA drivers license. Please go to www.captainfishbones.com to fill out application online., Captain Fishbones would like to congratulate Ricky Coyne for running from Bourne bridge to Captain Fishbones today! Yes, he ran 50 miles! Your dedication and commitment is commendable! Also, thank you to everyone who made this day happen! The love and support was amazing to see today! Ricky, you are amazing!, Blizzard, Brunch and a Bloody Mary! http://bit.ly/1vMxzJl, Celebrate Valentines Day at Captain Fishbone's offering  Dinner for Two for $79.99  http://bit.ly/1FmMtGe, LET IT SNOW LET'S GO TO CAPTAIN FISHBONES http://bit.ly/1uvxAQM, Captain Fishbones will be open for business starting at 1130 am!, Attention all school teachers! Boston Public just announced school will be cancelled on Monday 2/9 and Tuesday 2/10. Other districts will most likely follow suit. So, why not spend your time at Captain Fishbones!  Come in on Monday 2/9 and/or Tuesday 2/10 and show your school ID and receive 25% off your food bill!, Once again another storm has disrupted Comcast service down the marina. But, fortunately for us at Captain Fishbones we have Direct TV and it is working. So, for those with cabin fever come on down!, Celebrate Valentines Day at Captain Fishbone's offering  Dinner for Two for $79.99  http://bit.ly/15x1oAA, null, For all the residents that live in Marina Bay and starting to get cabin fever. Gear up and come visit us! Enjoy a few beverages and the special of the day will be Shepherd Pie! As of right now our Direct TV is working and it's business as usual!, LET IT SNOW LET'S GO TO CAPTAIN FISHBONES http://bit.ly/1z3gf0m, Celebrate the Superbowl at Captain Fishbones http://bit.ly/15x0mo9, Full day of Football at Captain Fishbones!, Sunday January 18th AFC/NFC Championship Football Specials http://bit.ly/15eOckc, Extending our Winter Drink Special with every Sunday Brunch http://bit.ly/1zVYe6Q, Captain Fishbones would like to wish every a safe and happy holiday! We will be closing at 5 pm today and will be reopening Friday at 1130 am! Enjoy this time with your friends and family!, Power outage throughout Marina Bay but, don't worry Captain Fishbones is open for business! Our generator is working perfectly!, Sunday Brunch with a little Holiday Cheer! http://bit.ly/1yX91Lc, New Year's at Captain Fishbones http://bit.ly/12c79SO, Captain Fishbone's Sunday Specials!

Come in and enjoy our All you can eat Sunday Brunch Buffet from 
10 am - 2 pm and included in the $12.99 price is you choice of a mimosa, house bloody mary or domestic bottle of beer! 

Also, starting at 1 pm we will be serving the following specials:

1/2 price pizzas
$.50 cent wings (bbq, buffalo, or sesame)
Football platter for $14.99 (boneless buffalo wings, chicken fingers, potato skins and onions rings)
Bowl of Homemade Beef Stew

Come in and watch the New England Patriots vs Green Bay Packers at 4:25 pm. Surround sound will be on!

We will also be serving $4.00 Italian sausages and $3.00 pearl hot dogs with all the fixins.  What better way to end your Thanksgiving weekend! See you soon...., New Year's at Captain Fishbones http://bit.ly/1xS1tWO, Happy Thanksgiving from Captain Fishbone's http://bit.ly/1rm30C8, Sunday Brunch with a little Holiday Cheer! http://bit.ly/1BNI3dr, Buy $100 in gift cards receive a free$25 gift card http://bit.ly/1BNFiIU, Sunday Football Specials http://bit.ly/1xL55NS, Looking for a little pick me up?  Come on down to Fishbone's for our Sunday Brunch!  All you can eat for $12.99 until 2 pm.  Our football specials will be starting at 1 pm Half Price Pizzas, $.50 cent wings and our football platter.  Trying something new today! Italian Sausage and Pearl Hot dog bar!  Order an Italian sausage for $4.00 or Pearl hot dog $3.00, then create your masterpiece.  Choose from chili, sauerkraut, sauteed onions, sauteed peppers, chopped onions, ketchup, mustard, and relish.  What a deal!!! We will have football on all the Tv's today with the sound on the most popular 1 pm and 4 pm games.  Patriots will be on all the Tv's tonight with sound!, Captain Fishbone's is offering Dinner For 2 Special every night from 5 pm -10 pm http://bit.ly/1vZfWDg, Dinner for Two is back starting tonight! http://bit.ly/1EzyKwr, New Sunday Brunch $12.99 All you can Eat from 10 am- 2 pm http://bit.ly/1yEv8sE, Specials for Pat's game tonight! http://bit.ly/1yx60UL, What a beautiful day to sit outside by the water!!! Come on down to Fishbones! Create your own concoction from our  special bottles at our outdoor bar priced at $5 per drink., Delivery and Free Shuttle to Captain Fishbones from 12pm-9pm 7 days a week http://bit.ly/1nZBFIG, We are trying something new for Paint Night! Instead, of painting a picture on a canvas, we are going to paint designs on either wine glasses or martini glasses! 

Join us on Tuesday, June 24th starting at 6:30 pm. Tickets cost $40 and includes either 2 wine glasses or 2 martini glasses.   

Please go to http://www.thetravelingartparty.com/ to purchase tickets. Must purchase in advance. , I am asking for everyone's help! On Memorial Day around 5:20 pm, a few adults decided to steal the featured painting for our Paint night gathering tonight! If anyone knows anything about the theft, please call the restaurant. All I really want is the painting back, no questions asked!!, Come celebrate your Memorial Day weekend at Captain Fishbones! We have an entertainment full weekend! 

Saturday from 7-11 pm Jason DeSimone singing all your favorites from Frank Sinatra to Bruno Mars

Country Sunday from 4-7 pm Justin Bethune singing all your favorite Country songs

Monday from 4-8 pm DJ Skip and CeCe playing all your requests

Come on down and enjoy our patio! New menu just started this weekend! 

We are now serving Steamers!, It smells like spring down the marina. Come on down and enjoy the break of weather with us at Captain Fishbones. See you soon!, Come on down for lunch and enjoy an ice cold Yuengling. Also we are running grilled blackened scallops, and our famous lazy man's lobster for lunch specials. See you soon!, Don't feel like making lunch. No worries that's what's were here for. Come down for a great scallop stir fry, or alex's famous bbq steak bomb sub. Even better, wash it down with a ice cold Yuengling. Now in stock at fishbones!!, US Women vs Canada Ice Hockey will be on all of our TV's with Surround sound!

Here's a few specials for today's game:, We will be cancelling Paint Night for this coming Tuesday.  We will be hosting it again, once the weather gets a little better.  Next paint night will be Tuesday April 15th at 630 pm, Still time to make your Valentine's Day Reservations! Can't make it tonight then no worries, we are running the Valentine's Day special on Saturday night too!, Can't take your sweetheart out on Valentine's Day! No worries Captain Fishbone's will be running our Valentine's Dinner Special on Thursday, Friday and Saturday.  
Check out the menu below!, The Captain Fishbone's family lost a great customer James Machado (Big Jimmy) yesterday. Our deepest condolences to the Machado family. He was always a joy to be around. He'll be missed., We are having another Paint Night on Tuesday, February 18, 2014 from 6 :30 pm-9:00 pm! Artist Joseph Mahoney will be here teaching us how to Paint!  The portrait will be a Bottle of Red!

Reserve your spot in advance by going to www.thetravelingartparty.com to purchase tickets for $35 per person., Captain Fishbones will be open all day and night throughout the snow storm!, SUPERBOWL MADNESS AT CAPTAIN FISHBONES TONIGHT!! http://bit.ly/1j36GZs, Captain Fishbone's is running our Valentine's Day specials  on Thursday, Feb 13th, Friday, Feb 14th and Saturday, Feb 15th.  Now accepting reservations., The Captain Fishbones family would like to congratulate our former manager Sean Fitzgerald. Sean was sworn in today to become a Quincy Police Officer. We will definitely miss you but are so very proud of you! Good luck. , Looking for a relaxing night out with your friends!  Come learn to paint while you enjoy some food and beverages.  Captain Fishbones will be hosting a paint night this Wednesday January 29th at 630 pm.  Everyone who signs up will receive a complimentary beverage or dessert during the event!  

Please go to www.thetravelingartparty.com to sign up! The tickets are $35 and must be purchased prior to the event., Looking to have a function at Captain Fishbones! Here's the set up for a 55 person christening!, Here is a baby shower function set up.  The customers wanted to do a candy bar set up., Please sign up at www.thetravelingartparty.com tickets are $35 per person, Don't forget to sign up for Paint Night for this coming Wednesday January 29th! Come enjoy an evening of eating, drinking and painting with your friends!, Saturday, January 18, 2014

Looking for somewhere to watch the game on Sunday! Come join us at Captain Fishbone's.  We have 10 HD Tv's and the surround sound will be on.  

You can pregame with our $10.99 All You Can Eat Sunday Brunch that is served from 10 am to 2 pm!  We also, have a bunch of great football specials going on during the AFC and NFC games.

 Starting at 3 pm we will be offering the following specials:

10 wings (buffalo, bbq,  sesame or twice fried) and basket of onion rings for $10.99

 Happy Apps Menu - For every 2 beverages you purchase you can choose 1 appetizer from our Happy App menu for $.99 or $1.99

Don't forget we have 1/2 price Pizzas every Sunday starting at 1 pm!!

Come cheer on the Patriots to bring home the AFC Championship!, Friday, January 17, 2014

Shepherd's Pie - $11.99

Homemade Shepherd's Pie with beef and corn topped with mashed potatoes and brown gravy.  Served with a side house salad and garlic bread

Salmon Stir Fry - $12.99

Fresh Salmon tossed with broccoli, pineapple, mushrooms and peppers in a teriyaki sauce.  Served over rice, Thursday, January 16, 2014

Blackened Salmon Tacos  $12.99

Grilled Salmon tossed in Cajun spices served on a bed of lettuce in 2 soft flour tortilla shells.  Garnished with tomatoes and scallions., Sunday, January 12, 2014 

Catch of the Day 

Baked Stuffed Scrod $13.99

Baked Cod lightly breaded and topped with seafood stuffing then drizzled with butter.  Served with choice of side

Come on down and watch today's NFL games and see who the Patriots will be playing next week.  Let's bring one more game back to New England!  Go Chargers!!!

ALL PIZZAS 1/2 OFF, Saturday, January 10, 2014 

Appetizer Special- $9.99

BBQ Chicken Quesadilla

BBQ Chicken, caramelized onions and goat cheese served in a flour tortilla. Served with Sour Cream and Salsa

Catch of the day - $13.99

Stuffed Lobster Tail

Fresh Maine Lobster tail topped with our homemade seafood stuffing with a lemon alfredo cream sauce drizzled on top.  Served with your choice of side.

 

COME ON DOWN TONIGHT AND CHEER ON THE

PATRIOTS VS THE COLTS at 8:15 PM

SERVING 1/2 PRICE PIZZAS FROM KICKOFF TO THE END OF THE GAME!, Saturday, January 10, 2014 

Appetizer Special- $9.99

BBQ Chicken Quesadilla

BBQ Chicken, caramelized onions and goat cheese served in a flour tortilla. Served with Sour Cream and Salsa

Catch of the day - $12.99

Stuffed Lobster Tail

Fresh Maine Lobster tail topped with our homemade seafood stuffing with a sherry cream sauce drizzled on top.  Served with your choice of side.

 

COME ON DOWN TONIGHT AND CHEER ON THE

PATRIOTS VS THE COLTS at 8:15 PM

SERVING 1/2 PRICE PIZZAS FROM KICKOFF TO THE END OF THE GAME!, Friday, January 9, 2014 

Appetizer Special- $9.99

Buffalo Chicken Quesadilla

Buffalo Chicken, blue cheese crumbles and cheddar cheese served in a flour tortilla. Served with Sour Cream, Salsa and Blue Cheese Dressing

Catch of the day - $14.99

Lobster Fra Diablo

Fresh Maine Lobster sautéed in jalapenos, tomatoes and garlic tossed in a spicy marinara sauce and topped with a lobster tail served over your choice of pasta, null, Friday, January 9, 2014 

Lunch Specials- $9.99

Buffalo Chicken Quesadilla

Buffalo Chicken, blue cheese crumbles and cheddar cheese. Served with Sour Cream, Salsa and Blue Cheese Dressing

Catch of the day - $12.99

Grilled Lobster Tail

Grilled Lobster Tail served over a bed of Asparagus with drawn butter, Lunch Specials 

Thursday, January 8, 2014 

Soup Du Jour - $3.95

Homemade Chicken Noodle 

Lunch Specials - $13.99

Blackened Salmon Caesar

Grilled Salmon coated with blackened Cajun spices and served on top of a caesar salad

Catch of the Day - $12.99

Scallop Stir Fry

Scallops, broccoli, mushrooms, onions and peppers marinated in a teriayki sauce and served over a bed of rice., Captain Fishbones is joining the paint night craze! Join us on Wednesday, January 29th at 630 pm. The tickets are $35 each and can be purchased at Thetravelingartparty.com website. It's a great girls night out. Space is limited so, sign up soon. , Happy New Year to Everyone! Captain Fishbone's hope everyone had a great night. Some may have over indulged and may have a hangover in the AM, so what better way to help get rid of it but, by enjoying a few $2 Mimosas or $2 House Bloody Mary's. All day tomorrow., Ring in the New Year at Captain Fishbones! We have a 4 course dinner for $29.99 per person, DJ and Dancing, Midnight Champagne Toast with favors, Cheese Pizza and Coffee served at 1 AM. We also have some great Ciroc cocktails specials!
, null, Time to celebrate the holidays with your friends, family and co workers! Come down to Captain Fishbones to share in some holiday cheer. Now serving $2 Mimosas and $2 House Bloody Mary's from Dec 24th thru Jan 1st.  Have a safe and happy holiday!, We will be closing the kitchen at 4 pm today and the bar is closing at 5 pm today.  We will be closed all day tomorrow (Christmas day).  We would like to wish you all a safe and Merry Christmas!....Signed, "the Captain", Need some last minute gifts! Captain Fishbone's gift cards are the way to go! What's even better is if you buy $100 worth of gift cards in any denomination, receive a Free $25 gift card. Give it as a gift or keep it for yourself to enjoy some holiday cheer!, null, null, We are currently running a Gift Card promotion for the Christmas season.  Buy any combo of gift cards that totals $100 and get a FREE $25 gift card.  (You may put it all on 1 card if you like).  Also, come down and check out our decorations, very festive!, Come join us Monday night for the Patriots game and grab a few 99 cent apps and $1 Oysters!! The sound will be on., Alright the Boss man has informed me that we will be doing some crazy giveaways tonight... Be here between the 3rd thru 6th inning and receive a free order of wings.. Stay here til the end and receive free small pizzas and a t-shirt!!! Boston Strong, T-minus 4 hours til game time. Come down to watch the game tonight and support the Sox. The shipment of World Series shirts will be here by 8pm. Stay for the whole game and if they win receive a free T-shirt!! There isn't another bar giving those away!!, Hope your all ready to come cheer on the Sox as they lead the series 3-2 and are coming back home to Boston!! This place will be rocking.. Sound will be on for the game.. Get here early for a good seat tomorrow night!!, The start of the World Series is tonight at Fishbones. Come support the Red Sox with a beard, real or fake and receive an order of Loaded  Nachos on the house!! Sound will be on., That's right the best deal on the boardwalk is back. Come check out our Dinner for Two menu 7 days a week from 5pm -10pm. Two salads, two entrees and a bottle of wine for $29.99. Not in the mood for wine, no problem! Its $24.99 then!!, Red Sox and Bruins tonight here at Fishbones.. Sound will be on for the Sox game.. Come on down for some drinks and 1/2 priced pizzas, and $2 Pearl Hot Dogs., You don't want to miss out on this. Hope to see you all here!, Red Sox are up 2-1 in the ALCS. Come cheer them on tonight. Sounds  on the speakers. Were running $2 Pearl hot dogs, and the $.99 and $1.99 bar apps til the end of the game!! Lets go Red Sox, Bar apps special extended until the end of the Red Sox game.  .99 cent and $1.99 apps!!  The Sox playoff game and sound are both on., The clock is ticking....  Today is the last day of the outside bar.  $2 Drink specials and Free Hot Dogs!   We also have hooded sweatshirts for sale.  Stop by before its closed!, Hey everyone! It's that time of year again. Come join us in some fun on the outside bar. It closes down for the season next week. So here's the deal. Come create your own drink special with the booze on the marked shelf and its all yours for $2 Not a bad way to end the summer right!!, It's Sunday Funday down at the marina! The sun is shining the Pats are playing and the booze is flowing. 
We are serving up our Football specials. All pizzas are half off! A small cheese pizza and pitcher of Coors lite $10.99, football platter for $14.99 includes boneless buffalo wings, chicken fingers, onion rings and potato skins.  Come on down!, The Coors light girls are here doing a promo. Plenty of prizes being given away., null, null, Looking for something to do to fill the void of no Patriots Game!!! Come down to Fishbones! We are serving brunch for $10.99 til 2 pm! Our lunch starts at 1 pm. Come check out our Sunday Football specials. Half price pizzas, a small cheese pizza and pitcher of Coors lite for $10.99 and try out new football platter! Order of boneless buffalo fingers, chicken fingers, potato skins and onion rings for $14.99!! What a deal! 
Finally, enjoy the warm sun while sitting on the deck with a refreshing Margarita coronita, enjoying  the sounds of Justin Bethune playing all your favorite country songs.... Finish out the weekend with a great Sunday Funday!, null, Patriots Football tonight at the bones! Come cheer them on with some great specials. Half priced pizzas, pitcher of coors and a small cheese for $10.99. And our new Patriots party platter!! See you guys at 8pm., It's that time of year again! Hope your all excited. Come Kickoff the start of football season tonight while the Broncos/Ravens square off!! Christine is kicking up one hell of a rimmed shipyard, and popcorn is mixing up the finest dirty martini!!, We open at 1130 am today.  Looking for something to do with the kids for lunch? We will be playing Finding Nemo in the Patio Room today during lunch., Dinner Special tonight: Double Dipped (Twice Fried) Fisherman's Platter with Shrimp, Scallops, Cod and a choice of a side for $21.99.  Looks good!, null, Live music today starting at 4pm going until 7pm with Justin Bethune., Beautiful day today, come on down!, It couldn't be any nicer down the marina right now!, Very Proud to share this with everyone. As we claimed victory in winning best patio on the south shore!!, Come on down and catch Fred Ellsworth playing all your favorite Country songs! Today 4-7 pm. The weather is perfect to sit outside on the deck and grab a bucket of coronitas or a margarita coronita! Yum, What a beautiful Sunday Fun-day! Live music starting at 4pm and a Prime Rib dinner special tonight!, Nice warm day for a little country. WKLB 102.5 and Miller light here along with Live acoustic singer Kate Cameron. Luke Bryan tix giveaway to tomorrows Comcast show and a signed Luke Bryan guitar giveaway!, Sunday, June 2nd starting at 4 pm until 7 pm, Finally, Mother Nature will grace us with the warm weather starting on Thursday.  So, come on down to Fishbone's and enjoy a Margarita Coronita on the deck.  We will be starting up our Country Sunday's this Sunday June 2nd from 4-7 pm.  Justin Bethune will be playing all the current country hits., Happy Memorial Day! We open at 11:30 am and the kitchen closes at 10 pm this evening.  Finally a sunny day to come sit outside!!, Come check out our new wine, specialty drink and martini menus! The sun is shining and the temperature is rising. Enjoy one of the new drinks on the patio! See you soon!, The Captain Fishbone's family would like to extend our gratitude to the entire law enforcement community. You have worked countless hours since Monday and we appreciate your dedication. We hope this will give the families affected by this tragedy some closure. Our thoughts and prayers are with everyone involved. Boston Strong!, captain has just posted an update for Captain Fishbones. http://bit.ly/17wQghH, Our thoughts and prayers go out to all those families who were affected by today's tragedy. Stay strong Boston, we are one tough city!, We are "running" at 592 Likes on FB, whoever is the 600th wins a Sam Adams Patio Umbrella!! Happy Marathon Monday!!, The outside bar/patio is getting ready to open this Friday April 12th!!, Doing Big things over here!!, Don't forget to tune into 95.9 tonight around 8pm. We will hosted live on the radio for our patio which was nominated best patio on the south shore!!, Would like to fill everyone in on some news! Captain fishbones just won best Patio on the south shore! Thanks to you all who support us.. We will be featured in South Shore magazine and also we will be on a live radio interview on channel 95.9 Monday night from 8pm til 10!, Just a few days left for Taste Quincy, restaurant week. Come check out our 2 for $30 dinner menu. Grilled Maine Lobster tail, Bacon wrapped petite filets, stuffed with crumble blue cheese. Doesnt get much better than that., Alright everyone Captain Fishbones is in a contest for best patio in the area..Go to the Hingham Foodie page and and under the post about the patio contest, you have to like the post about Captain fishbones! The one with the most likes is the winner!, Come cheer on the Celtics and watch them break the Heat streak!! Join us for the game and $.99 and $1.99 apps with two beverages all the way til halftime! See you all later tonight, Lets try this again..Outisde Bar opens Friday April 12th, not the 15th, small error..Hope everyone is gearing up for a great summer over here at Captain Fishbones. We look forward to seeing you there!, We hope you guys are all ready for the big return to our Seafood Festival fridays night.  Thats right Chef Dave will be back in action tomorrow night shucking oysters like its his job! Come down and keep him busy!!, Taco Tuesday! Come try our Shrimp or Fish tacos. We have them 7 days a week, but Taco Tuesday sounds better., Come on down tonight for our Twin Lobster special. 2 Twin 1 1/4 lobsters with a bowl of chowder to start for $29.99. Or grab a 2 lb right out the tank for $25.99. See you all tonight!!, We are open and serving up our Sunday Brunch until 2 pm for $10.99! Our Brunch Special is beef tenderloin wrapped in bacon! 

Lunch will start at 1230! Lunch Special #1 Open faced prime rib sandwich served on garlic bread and topped with gravy with mashed potatoes $9.99. Catch of the day: Seafood Platter, 5 oz salmon and 2 baked stuffed shrimp with choice of side $13.99

Join us at Captain Fishbone's today!  Who doesn't want to enjoy a bloody mary, mimosa or a delicious coffee drink on this snowy Sunday!!!, We hope everyone made it through the Blizzard!  It was a rough one.  Just a little update.  Due to kitchen renovations, we will be offering a limited menu for lunch and dinner on Monday, Feb 11th and Tuesday Feb 12th.  Our regular menu will be available on Wednesday, Feb 13th starting at 11:30 am.  We apologize for any inconvenience, this may cause., Beer and Liquor-Check, Food-Check, Generator-Check. We will be open and ready!, Are you ready for the storm? We are! Come pregame with us tonight with some great food and cocktails!!, Such a great place to have a drink and watch the snow fall. Weather report says flurries, what better excuse to have a few drinks!, What a great weekend it was at the Marina. Would like to thank all of you who came out to Fishbones this weekend. Dont forget about the best deal in town! The Dinner for Two special is running 7 Days a week from 6-close!, It's nice and warm at Fishbones! Come take advantage of our Dinner for two special for $29.99!!, Had a great time at the first Inaugural  meeting for the Quincy Millennial's group tonight., Come warm up with us tonight for some Great food, and delicious cocktails mixed up by Christine Hamilton!!, Make your Reservations Today for Valentine's Day!!, null, Dont Forget about our Dinner for Two Special we're running 7 Days a week now! Cant beat that! Its $29.99 for two salads, two entrees, and a bottle of wine! From 6pm til close.See you soon!!, Lets see we've got 1/2 price pizzas, pitchers of Coors light an wings for $9.99. Of course the Patriots on the big screens! Sounds like a Fishbones Sunday funday!! See you soon!, We had a busy dinner again tonight, people are loving the Dinner for Two for $29.99!!, null, Slinging bottles in the summer! Outside bar be there 2013, Who do you think is gonna win tonight. Alabama or Notre Dame? Come watch it at Fishbones and find out..Were running our Happy Apps and 1/2 priced pizzas during the game! See you all there, game starts at 8!, It's Sunday funday at fishbones. Come on in for 1/2 price pizzas, or grab a pitcher wing combo for the game! Redskins or Seahawks ?, It's a little cold out..Come warm up and grab your seat for the NFL playoffs at Captain Fishbones., Good morning everyone. We're almost at 500 "likes". Lets get 2013 off to a great start. Thank you all for your support!, New Years Eve Specials, Reservations are still coming in. Have you booked yours yet at Captain Fishbones for the party of the year! Call today and maybe we will even throw a suprise in for ya monday night!, We are closing at 5pm today and closed all day on Christmas.  You still have time to get some last minute gift cards, buy $100 and get a free $25 for yourself. Merry Christmas everyone, stay safe and enjoy our possible "White Christmas", Sign up for our email list and receive a 2 for 1 Dinner coupon for signing up, another on your Birthday, another for your anniversary!, New Years Eve is right around the corner. Have you made your plans yet?  Fishbones is just warming up for the big night! Great food, unbelievable DJ and lots of fun ahead. Call now to make your reservations!, null, null, Are you ready for some Patriots Football?  HD and sound will be on. Half price pizzas every Sunday., Cold out. No worries come on in Dominique's mixing up some Hot cocoa, peppermint schnapps, an vanilla vodka to warm you up!!, What's better than spending 12/12/12 at Captain Fishbones bar with yours truly Dominique an Wigs mixing up some cocktails!, null, Hello everyone. We are running a holiday gift card special! If you buy $100 worth you get a $25 gift card for free.. Great idea for a stocking stuffer!, Patriots vs. Texans tonight at Captain Fishbones..Come watch the game on our Big screens and enjoy 1/2 pizzas, and $.99 cent appetizers throughout the game. Go Pats!, Stop in for some Saturday night adult beverages., DJ Skip playing tonight starting at 7pm. Come down and check out our Christmas decorations., We are closed for the Holiday. Happy Thanksgiving everyone!, null, We will be open all day today, we have a generator, Dark 'n Stormys and Hurricane drinks in case the power goes out., Why yes we do serve "Dark 'n Stormys", No school tomorrow?!?! Come down and join us for some hurricane drinks as we welcome Sandy to Massachusetts!, Sunday Funday Specials, null, null, Halloween Party, Saturday October 27th!!, Sunday Football at Captain Fishbones! Half off all pizzas! 
$9.99 Coors light pitchers and wings combo!, Sign up for our email list and receive a 2 for 1 Dinner coupon for signing up, another on your Birthday, another for your anniversary , null, Soup of the day: Cheddar Broccoli, null, Krista Angelucci and Justin Bethune playing live country music right now until 9pm tonight.  Beautiful outside still, check it out., The Outside Bar is open! Also the Miller Lite girls will be here for a  Promo tonight from 8-930pm., Outside bar and seating open until October 8th!  Beautiful couple days this week, dont miss out!, Patriot Day, Honoring Sept. 11, 2001 Victims. Always Remember., Country Sundays at Fishbones!!, null, null, null, null, null, Justin Bethune Acoustic starting at 4pm today, playing until 7pm.  He is great, beautiful down here, come check him out!!, Every Sunday starting tomorrow, we will be doing Country Sundays with live acoustic from 4-7pm., Live Acoustic music tonight with Brendan Ryan at 9pm. Come check him out., Go to our website and sign up for the email club to get updates on events and specials. 2 for 1 Dinner coupon emailed to you upon signing up., Specials for Friday, Saturday and Sunday.  Chicken Picante w/spanish rice $14.99.  Seafood Paella in a garlic saffron broth $21.99, Just sold a 6 pound Lobster, Baked stuffed with an extra pound of lobster meat and seafood stuffing...., Beautiful day at the outside bar for a drink.  Live music until 7pm., null, Specials for Lunch and Dinner: Tempura Fried Softshell Crab with Wasabi Crema and Smoked Paprika Aioli - $11.99.  Jerk Chicken with Caribbean coleslaw - $14.99.  Jamaican Shrimp over hand cut Sweet Potato Fries - $14.99., Chef Dave Kennedy preparing crab cakes. , Go vote for Dominique for Best Bartender of Marina Bay on Stuff Magazine.  Click on her picture to vote., Come check us out at the Gazebo tent at the Best Western Adams Inn.  This Tuesday night, Quincy's first "Taste of" event. , Jalapeño Tequila Margarita. Coming soon to Fishbones. Delicious!, Hazy, hot and humid!  Stop by the outside bar for a cold drink and cool off!, null, Thank you to all that attended our yearly staff meeting and helping us achieve our goal of another successful summer!!, Today is Opening Day for the Red Sox and for the Fishbones outside Bar!!!, Sam Adams Summer Ale is now available. 9 days and counting until the outside bar opens., Captain Fishbones outside bar, opens Friday the 13th!!, Quincy Restaurant Week this week, check out TasteQuincy.com for participating establishments.  We are running a Dinner for Two w/bottle of wine for $29.99 starting at 5pm.  Friday is the last day of Restaurant Week, come check us out., NHL All-Star Game and NFL Pro-Bowl back to back today, stop by, Come on down for the game, we have pitchers of beer and half off pizzas!, Pats-Bronco's tomorrow night, sound will be on and in HD.   Sidenote, we open at 1130am for Lunch this coming holiday Monday., Boston Bruins vs. Winnipeg Jets @7pm tonight.  HD TV's and Half Price Pizza's!!, College Football National Championship Tonight, Come down and watch it in HD, Coors Light pitchers for 9.99 and half price pizza's...., Day off today?  Stop in to watch the bowl games or the NHL Winter Classic at 3pm.  Soup today is Beef Stew made with Prime Rib., Now taking New Years Eve reservations.  Pre-fix menu starts at 5pm.  Dj starts at 9pm., Reminder, we close at 5pm Saturday (Christmas Eve) and Re-open Monday at 1130 for Lunch.  (Closed all day Sunday Christmas day), Monday Night Football tonight, should be a good matchup.  Come watch the game in HD and have a Pitcher of Coors Light for $9.99 or Half Price Pizza's...or Both!, Half Price Pizza's continues tonight. Sundays's through Wednesday nights join us for Half Price Pizza's.  Dine in only.  Now serving pitchers of beer as well., Go to our website and sign up for the email club to get updates on events and specials. 2 for 1 Dinner coupon emailed to you upon signing up.
, http://tastequincy.myshopify.com/products/captainfishbonesgiftcertificate, Check out our specials page for the New Years Eve Menu.  $29.99 per person.  Great menu and DJ at 9pm.  Always a full house. Reservations recommended., Go to our website and sign up for the email club to get updates on events and specials.  2 for 1 Dinner coupon emailed to you upon signing up., null, null, null, Brunch Buffet today from 10am til 2pm. $9.99.  Pats/Eagles at 4pm, Half Price Pizza's during the game. New Tv's and HD, stop by., Pats-Chiefs Tonight at 830pm.  Half price pizza's during the game., Sign up for the Fishbones email club and get a 2 for 1 Dinner Coupon for signing up, another on your birthday, and another on your wedding anniversary.  We dont send daily emails, just the once in a while update of events or specials.  CaptainFishbones.com, Pats/Jets at 820pm tonight,  Audio and HD.  Half price pizza's during the game., Half price pizza's during Patriots games, HD and new TV's as well., Open 363 Days a year, Closed Thanksgiving and Christmas., Country Night tonight at 9pm with Justin Bethune.  Half price pizzas during any Pats game starting this week as well., null, Captain Fishbones Country Themed Halloween Party, this Friday Oct 28th at 9pm.  Live Country music from Fred Ellsworth.  Contests, Prizes, Snacks and of course Drinks., The Sunday Brunch Buffet continues tomorrow from 10am til 2pm. Every Sunday we put a different special item on the buffet, tomorrow will be Chicken Picatta. We also have an Omelet station, made to order right in front of you. $9.99!!, Justin Bethune Live for Country Fridays has begun!   Every Friday at 9pm, Live country music at Captain Fishbones., Country Fridays has began tonight with Justin Bethune singing live., Justin Bethune just began hi set. Country Fridays has begun. , Country Night this Friday at 9pm.  Live acoustic Country Singer!!  , null, Last day for the Outside Bar!!  We opened at 1130am today and will be open all day/night.  We have the grill going out there, it is a beautiful day.  Come visit!!!!, Live Music at 5 today. Outside open for the last couple Sam Summers on draft. Football outside on the tvs. Come on down. , The first Shipyard Pumpkin keg has been tapped... also live entertainment Sunday Sept 4th, Jamie Simons Acoustic Sunday July 24th from 4-7pm.  Also a Heineken Promo going on from 4-6pm.  Looks like a beautiful day, stop by..., Join us tomorrow at noon at our outside bar as we celebrate Patriot’s Day and kickoff our summer season!  We will have some great drink specials as well as hot dogs and snacks.  Hope to see you all tomorrow!, DJ Skip playing now.  Some great drink and dinner specials tonight.  Reminder:  1 Week from today the outside bar opens!!!, DJ Skip playing Friday April 8th, Outside Bar opening up Friday April 15th!!!!, Lunch special today is Fresh Blackened Swordfish over Ceaser Salad, Happy St. Patricks Day!!  Join in the fun at Captain Fishbones.  Entertainment starting at 4pm, featuring Daniel Meyers.  St. Paddy's Menu available all day for $9.99 serving all the traditional favorites: Boiled Dinner, Beer Battered Fish, Guiness Beef Stew, Corned Beef Sandwiches and more...., Friday March 11th is the last day of Quincy Restaurant Week and the first Friday of Lent.  Come on down to Fishbones for a great meal, and the freshest seafood around., Starting tomorrow, we will be participating in Quincy Restaurant Week!  We have a special menu dedicated to the event, it will run from Sunday March 6th to Friday March 11th.  Dinner for 2 for $30., Todays Lunch Specials: Country Chicken Dinner with cranberry sauce $10.99, Cajun Fish & Chips $12.99, Cup of Chicken Noodle Soup and 1/2 Turkey Sandwich $4.95, Todays Lunch Specials:  Buffalo Chicken Pasta $10.99, Baked Stuffed Scrod $13.99, Cup of Soup and 1/2 Sandwich $4.95, Half price pizza every sunday..  stop in for some drinks..., Night number 1 of our Valentines Day Weekend was a hit, full house, full bar, great atmosphere.  All weekend and Monday, $25.99 per person gets you a great 4 course meal.  Offering special menu, as well as, our regular menu.
 Reservations suggested., Half off pizzas all day take out or delivery!! 1.99 double dips with the purchase of two bevys. Richard Stone slinging drinks. Happy Superbowl Sunday!!)