List(Great article on what Akron is doing in response to the '62.4 Report'. Additionally, how Torchbearers are involved with the Youth Movement in the Greater Akron community through our Leadership & Development programs.
http://www.crainscleveland.com/article/20160327/NEWS/160319809/62-4-report-on-akrons-urban-health-serving-as-more-than-just-words#utm_medium=email&utm_source=ccl-akronmorning&utm_campaign=ccl-akronmorning-20160330, null, Check out this great video from the Greater Akron Chamber Annual Meeting! This video tells a great story about the many wonderful things Greater Akron has to offer., null, Torchbearers volunteering at Big Love over the weekend. Big Love is an experience begun in February 2014, in which each year over 20 musicians, over 25 visual artists, many yogis, poets, food vendors, university students, community members, and many workshop-giving organizations come together to co-create a sustainable example of collaboration, zero waste, community, healing, and true Love in and with Akron. Spanning all three floors of the Musica complex and over 12 hours of programming, the last event brought more than 2,000 people through the doors! All this, and less than one bag of trash! It was a powerful example of what can be done when the community works together to inspire, support, and educate itself., Congratulations to the Torchbearers and Friends of Torchbearers for winning the Knight Arts Challenge! These 27 winners are making Akron an even greater place to work, live and play.  The winners will help bring arts and culture more deeply into various Akron neighborhoods. http://knightfoundation.org/features/artsakron/, Torchbearers volunteered at The Akron Canton Regional Foodbank on Saturday. We helped sort and pack 17,790 pounds of meat, as well as bag 7,300 pounds of apples!  Thank you to the Foodbank for giving us the opportunity to volunteer and to all of the TB’s that helped out!, null, null, TB Members volunteering at Akron Children's Hospital Radiothon Fundraiser this morning from 5:30 - 7:30.  Thank you to all that volunteered!, Thank you to everyone that attended the Torchbearers 13th Anniversary Celebration last evening!  Again, congratulations to Amanda Leffler, Distinguished Alumnus Award Recipient and Russ Pry, Friend of Young Leaders Award Recipient.  Looking forward to another great year!, null, Torchbearer, Ming Shiao, presented "Illuminating the Way for Refugees and Immigrants" at the Nonprofit Spotlight Speaker Series at Kent State University yesterday evening., null, TBs volunteer for an evening to help set up, greet guests, and prepare and serve a meal to share with people in need at St. Bernard's Church, This weekend, our entire membership came together for our 2016 Opening Kickoff Retreat, where we heard these words of wisdom from previous presidents of Torchbearers., Day 2 of our 2016 Kickoff retreat! Focusing on our three pillars in the breakout sessions led by our Board members., null, Check out this great article on B1 of today's Akron Beacon Journal about two of our members, Samantha Coldwell & Getta Cornici, doing great things with their SPARC grant in Cuyahoga Falls. Thank you to Jason Roberts from Better Block and the Knight Foundation for their support of this project!, Congrats to Torchbearer, Chris Faircloth, for being recognized by the annual National Sales & Marketing Executives (NSME) “Accent on Excellence” awards program in the greater Akron/Canton region!

The program honors recipients who have demonstrated the highest levels of professionalism during their careers in diverse sales and marketing roles. Winners are selected by NSME leaders, based on nominations from local professionals, questionnaire responses provided by the nominees and publicly available information. Criteria include community and civic involvement, professional experience and demonstrated performance., We are thrilled to present to you [drumroll please] Torchbearers' Class of 2016! Please help us welcome & congratulate them!, What an inspiring event! It was a wonderful experience working closely with five other young professional groups in Akron to help connect college students, recent graduates and others who want to get involved in the many amazing local nonprofits we have here in Greater Akron!, Torchbearers member, Chris Faircloth gives an interview to Crain's Cleveland Business on what the new Akron branch of the Economic and Community Development Institute (ECDI) does for the community. Chris recently joined ECDI as their lending manager., Congratulations to Torchbearers member Blake Babcock with his new position as CEO for Mobile Meals!  

“I’m incredibly humbled by the Board’s confidence in me to lead this organization. I’m passionate about personal and organizational growth along with creating an inviting culture at Mobile Meals. I look at this as not only an opportunity but an honor to fiercely lead this organization into the future,” Babcock said in a statement to the Medina Gazette., What a wonderful event and turnout last night! We loved being part of an event helping connect others to many of the nonprofits we have here in Akron., Connect2Akron, a program that helps college students and recent graduates make connections with nonprofit groups and programs in the greater Akron area, is hosting its second annual event tomorrow night at the Akron Civic Theater! Still time to register for this FREE event. http://www.ypakron.org/event-1990983, Come to the Akron Civic Theatre this Wednesday, Sept. 30 at 5:30pm to discover the Knight Cities Challenge and share your ideas on how to make Akron more successful, Congratulations to our SPARC grant recipients!

"Five teams of Akron-area young professionals have been awarded a total of $25,000 to create some offbeat projects that will benefit the region.", 31 nonprofits❗ 6 young professional organizations❗ 1 purpose❗

Discover local volunteer opportunities at connect2akron this October 1st. Register for FREE here www.ypakron.org/c2a, Torchbearers held our Signature Social event last night for all current members, alumni and their families. It was a beautiful evening on Portage Lakes. Thank you to the Akron Rotary Camp for allowing us to use their facilities. To say thank you all attendees brought arts and crafts supplies for the campers to use. Fun was had by all!, null, The latest TB College session dedicated to collaboration is in full swing at the Reach Opportunity Center of Summit Lake., Join the conversation about this year's Akron mayoral race at "Up for Debate” events on Friday evening in Highland Square and Saturday in North Hill.

"It's going to be a huge opportunity for those millennial voters to be heard," explains Torchbearers President Craig Horbus in this Akron Beacon Journal article., Torchbearers member, Kim Young, dedicates herself to non-profits in our area., Are you a young professional looking for ways to get more engaged in your community? Connect2Akron is the perfect event for you. Click below to see how you can connect with 30+ non-profit organizations and young professional groups in the Greater Akron area., A wonderful write-up by The Akronist on the local group "Akron Snow Angels". The driving force behind this cause is Torchbearers member, Erin Victor. 

The Snow Angels’ tagline is to “spread the warmth, but I realized we need to spread warmth of the heart too,” says Victor. “Spreading the warmth to me is more about the relationships.”, What a wonderful day for a golf outing benefiting Mobile Meals! Torchbearers were happy to be in attendance lending a hand!, It is a beautiful day at Slide the City! Torchbearers are having a great time volunteering with United Way to make this event happen!, "We need fresh voices, a fresh set of ideas to keep us moving forward..."

-- Torchbearers Board Member Kimberly Young, Class of 2014 Member, Kristen A. Uitenham, participates in United Way’s Women’s Leadership Council Mentoring Program., Members of Torchbearers had the opportunity to tour Goodyear's blimp hangar during our July General Membership Meeting.

Photos by  Fitzwater Photography, Congratulations Leadership Akron Class 32, which includes a few TB Members and Alumni!, Join us for tomorrow's Connect2Akron event at the Akron Rubber Ducks game!  

Use the code "connect" to reserve your ticket for just $7.  (Today's the last day to reserve your seats!), "Torchbearers is truly a game-changing organization," TB Board Member, Adrienne Bradley, speaking on her community leadership roles in the July/August issue of Inside Business Magazine. Congrats, Adrienne, of being featured as "One to Watch!", TB member Michael Evans received the 2015 Community Spirit Award from Akron General. Congrats, Michael, and thanks for all you do for Akron!, Congrats to TB Member Brian Berg, 2015 recipient of the United Way Staff Excellence Award!, Today's the day! Applications for our Class of 2016 are due before 7:00 pm today. http://torchbearersakron.com/pages/apply 
#Apply2TB #AkronLeader, Just 5 more days until applications to join the TB Class of 2016 are due! http://torchbearersakron.com/pages/apply 
#Apply2TB #AkronLeader, Kevin Smith, Director of Institute for Leadership Advancement, The University of Akron talks to the interns about their strengths & weaknesses! #InternEdge, null, County of Summit Executive Russell M. Pry welcomes the #InternEdge participants & tells them about his experiences as an intern during week two of programming!, Due to an unexpected low registration for the Connect2Akron - Taste of Ohio event, this event is being cancelled. All current registrants will be notified in an email to come out later today regarding this cancellation, how refunds will be handled for those who have already paid and any other pertinent information., Do you have your tickets yet? Celebrate the summer solstice - and take a culinary tour of Ohio! Join us at the young professional event of the summer!  {ypakron.org/TasteofOhio}, Join Young Professionals of Akron along with ArtCetera, Torchbearers Akron, DAP Emerging Leaders & Greater Akron Young Professionals Network for our 'Taste of Ohio' event on Friday, June 19th at Mustard Seed Market & Café! Ypakron.org/TasteofOhio for full details!, Congratulations to this exceptional group of young professionals in Akron! Many of our Torchbearers have received this honor! Check out our member list at http://www.torchbearersakron.com., We're so excited! It's almost here! Taste of Ohio is just ONE WEEK AWAY! Join us for the young professional event of the summer!     
                                                                                
Tickets are $30 (pre-paid) and $40 (at the door). Full details at ypakron.org/TasteofOhio, Beer & wine tastings from Four String Brewing Company, Jackie O's Pub & Brewery, Maumee Bay Brewing Company, Raven's Glenn Winery, Ferrante Winery & Ristoranti, & Chalet Debonne.                                                        DON'T MISS OUT. {ypakron.org/TasteofOhio}, We're ready to kickoff #InternEdge 2015! Looking forward to connecting 60 interns with all the wonderful resources, people & excitement happening in Akron!, Mustard Seed Market & Café has put together an amazing menu for Taste of Ohio on Friday, June 19th. You don't want to miss out on local and family grown foods, including a beautiful display of vegetable crudites, focaccia pizzas, a guacamole bar, cocktail sandwiches, and fresh strawberry and watermelon skewers.                                            Members and non-members welcome. $30 (pre-paid) and $40 (at the door). Register at ypakron.org/TasteofOhio, What are you waiting for? Join Young Professionals of Akron, Greater Akron Young Professionals Network, Torchbearers Akron, DAP Emerging Leaders & ArtCetera for Taste of Ohio! This is the premier young professionals event of the summer! {ypakron.org/TasteofOhio}, Do you know what that means?? ONLY 2 WEEKS UNTIL TASTE OF OHIO!! Tickets are going fast - make sure you get yours today!!                                                                     

Menu & full details at ypakron.org/TasteofOhio, We'll make dinner for you on Friday, June 19th! (Well, Mustard Seed Market & Cafe will).

Come sample the best wine and beer from our local distributors and chow down on a beautiful display of vegetable crudités, focaccia pizzas, a guacamole bar, cocktail sandwiches, and fresh strawberry and watermelon skewers.

$30 (pre-paid) & $40 (at the door). Don't miss out. Register today  ypakron.org/TasteofOhio, Day 2 of #TBRoadTrip was just as inspiring as day 1! An incredible amount of ideas and excitement on their way back from Detroit right now, Follow the Detroit Trip on Twitter #TBRoadTrip !, Day one of discovering Detroit was a success! Tour of Detroit by Detroit Experience Factory was awesome! Day two here we come!, Torchbearers are on our way to discover innovative practices being implemented in Detroit! We are excited to bring ideas back to Akron! #KnightCities #TBRoadTrip, Record breaking year on # of runners! Thankful the weather held out! Congratulations to all runners! More photos and race results to come!, AkRun and crawl remix is about to kick off!, Pre-registration for this weekend's 5K ends today! Don't miss out on the AkRun ReMix!, null, null, Have you created your playlist for the AkRun & Crawl? What’s on it? Don't forget to register! One week left!, There's one week left to register for Torchbearers' 9th Annual AkRun & Crawl - a unique experience which includes a 5K followed by a pub crawl! Register before 3pm next Wednesday, May 27th and take advantage of discounted pricing. http://goo.gl/OmSISM #AkRunRemix, Congratulations Leadership Akron Class 31!, Register here: http://ypakron.org/event-1939047/Registration for this great event!, Join Young Professionals of Akron along with ArtCetera, Torchbearers Akron, DAP Emerging Leaders & Greater Akron Young Professionals Network for our 'Taste of Ohio' event on Friday, June 19th at Mustard Seed Market & Cafe!

What are you waiting for?!? {ypakron.org/TasteofOhio}, Yesterday Torchbearers assisted with food prep, set-up and clean up at the Richard Howe House for the riders participating in the The FirstMerit Towpath Trail Century Ride. 

The ride is a fully-supported 101 mile ride on the historic Ohio & Erie Canal Towpath Trail that celebrates this regional trail and promotes the development of connector trails for the regional trail system.  Riders can choose from a 1-day or 2-day ride and can participate as individuals or teams on well-maintained bicycle trails and some on-road sections.  The ride started on the banks of the Cuyahoga River in downtown Cleveland, and travels through the beautiful Cuyahoga Valley National Park, downtown Akron, and historic canal towns of Canal Fulton and Bolivar, concluding at the southern end of the trail in New Philadelphia., Torchbearers Akron members are at the The ADM Recovery Challenge 5K challenge course this morning! They are providing water and cheering on the runners!

The ADM Recovery Challenge 5K is a Subway Series 5K challenge course that involves running/walking, climbing, crawling, balancing and maneuvering your way through the trees, fields and grounds of the scenic IBH Addiction Recovery Center., Food Truck Friday's are back!, Torchbearers Akron members at Akron Better Block setting up for this weekend! Visit www.akronbetterblock.com for more info., Who’s got a goal time for the TB AkRun & Crawl? Register today!, Looking for something to do this weekend? Akron Better Block & Open Streets are a must!, Torchbearers Applications are live on our site!  Share the TB App with a friend you feel would be a great asset to TB Class 2016! http://torchbearersakron.com/pages/apply, Congratulations to our 2014-2015 Torchbearers President, Kyle Kutuchief, on becoming Akron's permanent Knight program director. Well-deserved Kyle!, null, Just your friendly reminder to sign up for the AkRun & Crawl - mugs and tshirts are only guaranteed for the first 250 people who register, so get to it!!!, Help us spread the word about AkRun & Crawl! #AkRunRemix, We're switching it up a little bit this year for our 9th annual AkRun & Crawl. Join us on May 30th in the Merriman Valley for a 5K along the Towpath Trail followed by adult beverages at a handful of nearby watering holes. http://goo.gl/OmSISM #AkRunRemix, AkRun & Crawl is only 3 weeks away. Pre-register and enjoy discounted pricing of only $25 ($15 crawl only). http://goo.gl/OmSISM #AkRunRemix, Great turnout tonight at Akronnected! Thank you to BLU Jazz for hosting! Discussing the opportunities that exist with the removal of the Innerbelt. Torchbearers are leading and taking part in this discussion along with Akron community members., Check out the volunteer options for Akron Better Block!, null, Several TB's spent the morning packing 200+ lunches for people in need with the Young Black Professionals Coalition #HashtagLunchbagAkron, Torchbearers Akron had a great time tonight supporting the very important cause of Walk A Mile In Her Shoes for the Rape Crisis Center, null, null, Another successful recruitment mixer! It was inspiring meeting and talking with Greater Akron professionals that are excited to give back to this amazing community!, Looking forward to meeting some potential recruits tonight at the 6th annual Recruitment Mixer!, GOOD NEWS - we still have space at tonight's 6th Annual Recruitment Mixer! Registration is closed but walk-ins welcome! Bring a friend, grab a drink and some food and learn more about Torchbearers Akron! 

Hope to see you tonight!, Only 2 days left to register! 

Register today for the 6th Annual Torchbearers Akron Recruitment Mixer! It is being held this Thursday, April 23rd from 5-7 pm.

This is a great opportunity for potential applicants to meet current members and learn about Torchbearers Akron. Please share our 6th Annual Recruitment Mixer Event with someone you think might be interested!, null, Register today for the 6th Annual Torchbearers Akron Recruitment Mixer! It is being held this Thursday, April 23rd from 5-7 pm. 

This is a great opportunity for potential applicants to meet current members and learn about Torchbearers Akron. Please share our 6th Annual Recruitment Mixer Event with someone you think might be interested!, Today Torchbearers Akron members volunteered alongside many others helping clean up the Summit Lake area in Kenmore. That's a lot of trash bags!, Akron Better Block will take place on May 15th, 16th & 17th on Main St. between Cuyahoga Falls Ave and Frances Ave in the North Hill neighborhood., Early bird pricing for #InternEdge has been extended for one more week!, null, Wonderful opportunity for Greater Akron young professionals! Register today!, Early Bird rate for #InternEdge ends Friday! Sign your interns up today. Each session will offer interns access to community decision-makers and lessons for personal and professional success., Many Torchbearers took part in the #Akron2Pittsburgh day trip yesterday. The goal of the trip was to "Find inspiration. Look for ideas that work, brainstorm ideas, and bring them home.", Do you know someone that is between the ages of 25-39, has a passion for Greater Akron, giving back, and developing as a leader? Please share this invitation with them. 

Our 6th Annual Recruitment Mixer is being held on Wednesday, April 23rd. This is a great opportunity for potential applicants to meet current members and learn about Torchbearers Akron. Please share our 6th Annual Recruitment Mixer Event with them and have them register soon - limited space available!, You only have ONE WEEK left for Early Bird pricing for #InternEdge!, Akron Better Block will be temporarily revitalizing the block of N Main Street and E Cuyahoga Falls Avenue in North Hill with pop-up businesses, bicycle infrastructure, and enhanced pedestrian amenities. They need help making this happen! Click on the link below to see the many ways you can volunteer., Last night was the Torchbearers Akron Alumni kickoff event at Nightlight Cinema in Downtown Akron! Great job to Bill Lowery and Amber Genet and the committee for leading this event and for developing Alumni events coming up in 2015., Further YOUR impact by attending the Greater Akron Chamber's young professional summit. The guest speakers and facilitators they have lined up are stellar. You don't want to miss this fantastic event! Register today - space is limited!, null, Do you know someone that is between the ages of 25-39, has a passion for Greater Akron, giving back, and developing as a leader? 

Our 6th Annual Recruitment Mixer is being held on Wednesday, April 23rd. This is a great opportunity for potential applicants to meet current members and learn about Torchbearers Akron. Please share our 6th Annual Recruitment Mixer Event with them and have them register soon - limited space available!, Thank you County of Summit Executive Russell M. Pry's Office  and Apple Growth Partners for registering their interns for #InternEdge!, You only have two more weeks to sign-up for #InternEdge with early bird pricing! Thank you to these companies: State and Federal Communications, Akron Children's Hospital, AECOM, Brouse McDowell LPA, Hitchcock Fleming & Associates, Inc., Cohen & Company, The J.M. Smucker Company & Bober Markey Fedorovich Life and Careers who have signed up their interns!, null, Intern Edge is designed to connect summer interns with community life and encourage connections among peers and community leaders. Interns will gain exposure to new places to live, play and volunteer while building relationships with peers and community leaders. To register for Intern Edge visit http://torchbearersakron.com/pages/programs, Torchbearers Akron had our first official "TB Tour" today. TB Tours are held at the work place of a current TB Member. TB Tours are a way to give our members a deeper look into the inner workings of our city!

Today we heard Judge Linda Tucci Teodosio give an overview of the services offered at Summit County Juvenile Court and took a tour of the Detention Facility., The Women's History Project of the Akron Area is a program of the Summit County Historical Society. The 2015 Woman of the Year Award recipients are individuals of Akron and Summit County who have made an impact. We are proud to congratulate a number of Torchbearers Akron members that were recipients! 

Congratulations to Getta Cornici - Creativity, Erin Victor - Inspiration, Laura Wallerstein - Imagination! Very well deserved!, Our Recruitment Mixer for Class of 2016 will be held on April 23rd from 5:00 - 7:00 at Our Lady of the Cedars Banquet Hall. If you or someone you know is interested in learning more about us and the application process for Torchbearers Akron please register for this event. Space is limited., Patrick Bravo updating Torchbearers on progress of #AkRunRemix! Don't miss this amazing event! Register today and please share!
https://www.facebook.com/events/793460217409665/, Tonight at our General Membership meeting we briefly heard from Albert Masco and Tim Hollister of Akron Coffee Roasters, Akron.Coffee and Mike Derr of Made by Mike Treats. Two new and tasty new Akron businesses!, Torchbearers Akron General Membership Meeting. Very exciting things happening in Akron!, This morning 30 Torchbearers plus several family members helped pack 14,989 lbs of meat for a total of 12,491 meals and 1,092 Tupperware bowls! We love volunteering at the Akron-Canton Regional Foodbank!, Yesterday at the State of the City address Akron Mayor Don Plusquellic invited Torchbearers Akron to become a "lead organization" on an initiative to address leadership questions through the Imagine Akron 2025 report. We are excited to continue the conversation with our independent affiliate partner Leadership Akron and others!, null, null, Registration is officially open for #InternEdge! Torchbearers and Leadership Akron are partnering for our second summer of Intern Edge! Intern Edge is designed to connect summer interns with community life and encourage connections among peers and community leaders. Interns will gain exposure to new places to live, play and volunteer while building relationships with peers and community leaders., Congratulations to Getta Cornici, Torchbearers Class of 2012, for being awarded "2015 Volunteer of the Year" by Victims Assistance Program!, null, Congratulations to Torchbearers Akron member Jen Jones Hertzig for being named for the 2015 ATHENA Young Professional Leadership Award for Akron. 

The ATHENA awards were established in 1982 and recognize outstanding individuals who have achieved professional excellence, given back to their communities and created leadership opportunities for women in NE Ohio., null, Join Torchbearers Akron and Leadership Akron - Class of 31 for a community conversation regarding the opportunities available through the removal of the Innerbelt. Register here: http://torchbearersakron.com/item/956862, Torchbearers Akron member Jon Miller participated in LeaderSource LIVE's The War on Poverty panel last Thursday speaking on Pathways to Employment. Hosted by Leadership Akron., Save the Date for Torchbearers Akron annual 5K Run!, null, The leaders of Akron's largest young professional organizations respond to the recent articles on the current state and future of leadership in Akron., Torchbearers Class 2015 attended their first TB College today. The topic of today's session was StrengthsFinders. TB Members self evaluated themselves as individuals and collaborated as teams., null, Torchbearers is well represented tonight at the Akron North Hill Better Blocks project meeting at Akron Civic Theatre. Exciting possibilities are being discussed!, Akron Beacon Journal's third installment of their series "Who will lead?" looks at the impending upheaval coming to leadership positions in the Akron area and the likely influx of younger leaders., Second piece today in Akron Beacon Journal's three day series on leadership in Akron from  Betty Lin-Fisher. Join the conversation with #akronleader, Nolan James, Class of 2013 Torchbearers, speaks on how he became involved in the Greater Akron community and his development as a young leader., Yesterday morning there were 700 jumpers who jumped into an area cut out of the frozen surface of the lake at Portage Lakes State Park for the annual Polar Bear Jump.

The event raised $110,000 — the largest amount in the jump’s 12 years — that will go to the Akron-Canton Regional Foodbank. Funds raised will provide 440,000+ meals to hungry men, women and children in our area.

Torchbearers were among the many volunteers that were present to help make this amazing event possible and we had fun doing it!, Join the conversation on today's first piece in a three day series on leadership in Akron from Akron Beacon Journal's Betty Lin-Fisher with #akronleader, Thank you to Dr. Dave Peter and Carol Ann Teodosio Peter for inviting Torchbearers Akron to be their guests at The American Heart Association Heart Ball!, Torchbearers Akron along with Young Professionals of Akron and other volunteers were up early this morning collecting donations for the Akron Children's Hospital #WKDDRadiothon! Call 330-543-0981 to make your donation!, Looks like we have some "Snow Angels" in our midst! Shout out to Torchbearers Akron members Erin Victor, Kaley Foster and Lashawrida Fellows and her husband Larvell Fellows for spreading love and warmth in our community!, Consider how fortunate we are to have the simple pleasure of a meal and a warm place to eat. St. Bernard's Hunger Program provides just that to those in need in Akron. Torchbearers volunteered at St. Bernard's Hunger Program on Wednesday January 28, 2015 from 4:00 to 7:00 pm. Volunteers cooked dinner, served, and cleaned up., null, Many conversations happening today on how to grow, change and improve Akron! A special thanks to the leaders from Akron Honey Company, Leadership Akron, The Devil Strip, and AMATS!, Torchbearers Akron Friday night opening retreat was fantastic! Looking forward to today's discussion around "How can we, as young leaders, discover opportunities for Akron, drive innovation and create sustainable change that will enable us, as well as Akron to grow?", The Class of 2015 had a fun time participating in a photo contest scavenger hunt around Akron last night during during the New Member Orientation. Special thanks to UDS for allowing us to use their buses. Welcome Class of 2015!, We would like to take this opportunity to announce that, as of this afternoon, Torchbearers has been awarded a $65,000 grant from The John S. and James L. Knight Foundation in support of our ongoing efforts to provide meaningful opportunities for community engagement to our membership.

We are also thrilled to congratulate our own Kyle Kutuchief as he joins The Knight Foundation as the interim program director effective immediately. Current Akron program director Josh McManus will be returning to Detroit thanks to a fantastic opportunity with Dan Gilbert's Rock Ventures.

http://www.knightfoundation.org/press-room/press-release/akron-organizations-help-city-attract-and-retain-t/, "McManus worked with Kyle Kutuchief and Nicole Mullet of the Akron Torchbearers, a young professionals group, to organize the impromptu trip to Detroit to share some of the innovations he worked on before he joined the foundation in July.", Congratulations to the Torchbearers Akron Big Brothers Big Sisters Committee for surpassing their goal of recruiting 214 referrals for the Big Brothers Big Sisters of Summit, Medina and Stark Counties!, Congratulations to two of our Class of 2015 members, Danielle Hupp and Hannah Paulin for being elected to their positions on the AFP North Central Ohio Board. Danielle will be the 2015 President & Hannah has been re-elected to the Board., Check out our Winter Edition of TorchTalk!, Looking for something to do this December in Downtown Akron?, The Holly Run supports the foundation, Life Is Good No Matter What, on it's mission to provide adults with advanced cancer a cherished experience. Torchbearers Akron had a number of members volunteering at the 5K run this morning., Local non-profits are still in need of holiday volunteers!, What a wonderful way to end a great year. Torchbearer graduates were recognized tonight at The Nightlight Theater in Downtown Akron. These graduates spent the year developing in the areas of leadership, civic consciousness, and professional development. Congratulations 2014 Torchbearer Graduates!, The Economic and Community Development Institute (ECDI) Akron office is now open!  ECDI is a 501©(3) non-profit that provides financing and technical assistance to start-ups and small businesses that may not meet traditional bank lending criteria as a way to generate economic activity and spur job growth in Ohio.  Please check out and like their page ECDI Akron or stop by their new office in the Andrew Jackson House on Mill St. in University Park., This Spring keep your eye out for high-quality reproductions of artwork from the Akron Art Museum's collection along the streets of Akron!, #Akron2Akron Join a group of engaged Akronites on monthly walking tours of Akron neighborhoods! Our next tour will be held on Saturday, December 20th at 12pm in Firestone Park and will be led by Rick Stockburger. The tour will run for an hour and we will end at a neighborhood restaurant to grab a bite or a  warm drink, chat, and form meaningful connections that will benefit our community. Space is limited so please so register below, Forty-two young leaders selected to Torchbearers’ twelfth class. Members of this new class will take part in a year-long curriculum devoted to leadership development, community service and talent attraction and retention in Greater Akron., Crafty Mart happening today and tomorrow in Downtown Akron!, Happy almost Thanksgiving! Below is a list of places in Summit County that offer 2014 Holiday Assistance for Thanksgiving and Christmas in the form of food baskets, toys, coats, and more., Our last General Membership meeting of the year coupled with our holiday celebration!, Thank you Hudson Hub-Times for the featuring connect2akron in your latest issue! What a great night!, We were thrilled to be a part of hosting 209 young professionals at the Akron Art Museum last night for connect2akron. Thank you to everyone who supported and attended! #c2a

Photos by Tim Fitzwater of ZipperCityPhotography, Amazing turnout at connect2akron tonight at the beautiful  Akron Art Museum!, Tonight at The Akron Art Museum you will find 200+ young professionals, 20+ nonprofits, complimentary food, cash bar and countless networking opportunities. Come learn how you can become meaningfully engaged in the Greater Akron Community. conncet2akron will be held tonight from 5:30pm - 8:00pm. Online registration is closed but you are welcome to register at the door! www.ypakron.org/c2a, Nobody longs for a safe and loving family more than a child in foster care. As a CASA volunteer, you are empowered by the courts to help make this dream a reality. Learn how you can become a CASA representative at connect2akron next Thursday, October 16th at the Akron Art Museum. Register now at www.ypakron.org/c2a, Torchbearers Akron survey alumni and results are in! Read more below. 
 , The connect2akron committee is very grateful to our sponsors Akron Rotary, The Knight Foundation, Akron Art Museum, Tim Fitzwater of Zipper City Photography and Proximity Marketing. Without them this event would not be possible! Register at www.ypakron.org/c2a, Read more about our First Year TB College experience here:, The Fall Edition of TorchTalk was released this morning! Check it out for updates and news from Torchbearers Akron!  If you would like to be added to our email list visit www.torchbearersakron.com and subscribe!, Join us at The Akron Art Museum on October 16th for the connect2akron event! Register today www.ypakron.org/c2a, Thank you to Akron Empire for naming Torchbearers Akron as one of their 2014 Favorite Groups/Organizations! http://www.akronempire.com/ , Dream Akron team at the University of Akron HonorsCollege met with team from Torchbearers to discuss new program to mentor a group of students at Kenmore HS in 2015., null, Heart to Heart Communications facilitated our General Membership Meeting last week., Laura Wallerstein & Brian Hollingsworth, current TB members, presented today our Ambassador Program to the Software Craftsmanship Guild in Akron. The apprentices come to the Akron area from a national audience to learn about software craftsmanship, sometimes to make a career change, but with the plan to secure a job. They are in the Akron area for 12 weeks and some stay temporarily, and some get a job in the area and stay permanently., The Weathervane Playhouse has some fantastic performances planned for this Fall. Ever wondered how they make it all happen? In addition to their talented staff they have many volunteers. Learn how you can get involved at connect2akron! Register for this FREE event today www.ypakron.org/c2a, "Knight Foundation wants to play its part in helping Akron shape its new vibrant cultural community."  Today they announced $6 million in new investments in the arts in Akron!, Highland Square's Third Annual Porch Rokr Festival is happening today 10am - 8pm! We will be there volunteering and enjoying the festivities! Come on down, you couldn't ask for better weather!, Want to get more connected to the Akron community but not sure where to start? connect2akron can help! Register at www.ypakron.org/c2a!, Akron was named on Forbes List of Opportunity Cities!

http://www.forbes.com/pictures/emeg45lkkf/13-akron-ohio/, Akron innovators, do you want a piece of a $5 million pie to help move your project forward?, Looking for something to do this weekend? Enjoy Highland Square Porch Rokr Festival! , Save the Date for #C2A!, Don't forget to visit one of our great downtown restaurants only open for lunch like Urban Eats or Diamond Deli to celebrate Downtown Akron Restaurant Week!, Where are you eating during Downtown Akron Restaurant Week?, Congratulations to Torchbearers member Leslie Letner who was selected to be part of the 28th Class of Leadership Stark County’s Signature program!   , Congratulations to Torchbearers member Anna-Jeannine Kemper Herman on her acceptance into the WED Guild. She successfully completed a rigorous, multi-month application process, for this prestigious international association of wedding entertainers. Anna-Jeannine is Ohio's FIRST Wedding Entertainment Director and the second female Wedding Entertainment Director to be accepted into the WED Guild.  , Torchbearers volunteering this morning at Operation Orange!, Another 50 reasons why Akron is a great place to live, work & play!, Today is AkRun & Crawl! Come down and join us in Downtown Akron. 5K + Pub Crawl $30, Pub Crawl Only $20, Akron, Ohio - A great place to live! , Pre Registration for AkRun & Crawl is now closed, but on-site registration is still available starting at 3:30 p.m. this Saturday. 

5K + Pub Crawl $30, Pub Crawl Only $20, Explore the thriving Downtown Akron dining scene this September during Downtown Akron Restaurant Week. This six day event (September 8-13) makes it easy and enjoyable to try something new by providing reasonably priced prix fixe dinner menus at a variety of Downtown Akron restaurants. To learn more about the participating restaurants and what they'll be ‘cooking up' for you, visit www.downtownakron.com/restaurantweek. Where applicable, reservations are encouraged.

Share your photos and experiences at #EatAkron on Facebook, Twitter and Instagram., AkRun & Crawl is only a week away! Be sure to register today to receive discount pricing: 5K + Pub Crawl for $25, or Pub Crawl Only for $15. http://torchbearersakron.com/item/613966, Have you registered yet for AkRun & Crawl? Enjoy a 5k on the Towpath Trail followed by a pub crawl in Downtown Akron with stops at Zar Nightclub, Paolo's and The Game Grill & Bar. REGISTER TODAY: http://torchbearersakron.com/item/613966, Join Torchbearers for the eight annual AkRun & Crawl, a 5K race/walk followed by a pub crawl in downtown Akron. The first 300 participants will receive a free t-shirt! http://torchbearersakron.com/item/613966, Interested in sitting face-to-face with the President of a NEO university? Enjoy lunch and hear from Dr. Jay Gershen, President of Northeast Ohio Medical University (NEOMED) about his path to his current role, the challenges he faced throughout his career and advice he would give to up-and-coming young professionals.
FREE for YP's! Register now!
http://www.greaterakronypn.com/ypn-leadership-luncheon-with-northeast-ohio-medical-university-neomed, Make reservations at Bricco for Monday, August 25th and a portion of all sales between 5-8 p.m. will be donated to Greenleaf Family Center!, Samantha Coldwell from Torchbearers Akron and Kary Skelly from Big Brothers Big Sisters of Summit, Medina and Stark Counties spoke to Rotary Club of Akron, OH today about the 214 for 2014 Big Brother Big Sister Recruitment Project. If you or someone you know would like more information on what it means to be a big visit http://torchbearersakron.com/pages/bbbs-interest and fill out an interest form! , As a proud Community Partner of Gay Games Cleveland+Akron, we're happy to welcome them to town starting this Saturday, August 9th. Click the link for more information regarding the sporting events happening in Summit County! #GG9 #GoAllOut

http://www.downtownakron.com/enjoy/gay-games-2014-cleveland-akron, null, Story on Torchbearers service project on LebronJames.com
, Excerpt from the article: About a mile away from the Joneses’ house, La’Zurae Gary was stationed at her front window, watching the transformation of her family’s yard on Orrin Street.

“My daughter has not been able to come away from the window,” her mother, Victoria Young, said. Volunteers from the community service organization Torchbearers had refused to let them help, because they wanted the family just to enjoy the gift. But La’Zurae didn’t want to miss a thing.

The volunteers took down trees, cleared overgrown vegetation and planted boxwoods and black-eyed Susans, creating the pretty yard La’Zurae had hoped for. Working alongside them was next-door neighbor, Cynthia Davis, who popped out of her house to help when she saw the crew show up.

“That’s what we do,” she said. “We take care of each other.”

http://www.ohio.com/news/local/lebron-s-project-renews-yards-across-akron-1.510023, Torchbearers helping to transform the yard of a family on Orrin Street in Akron as part of the Lebron James Family Foundation Promise Project., Torchbearers at work today with the Lebron James PROMISE Project!, Are you a craft beer lover? Check out Ohio's Oldest Craft Beer Festival at Lock 3 this Saturday!

http://bluesnbrews.org/, Thinking about running but not sure you'll make it? There's always crawling! Join us Saturday, August 23rd for our 8th Annual AkRun & Crawl!

http://www.torchbearersakron.com/item/613966, Hear Chris Richardson, Torchbearers Board Member and Program Manager at the Summit County Drug Crisis Center, weigh in on the heroin epidemic in Northeast Ohio on WKSU. http://www.wksu.org/news/story/39930, Torchbearer volunteers painted the Wash House at the Perkins Stone Mansion yesterday morning. Hopefully, with a fresh coat of paint, the original 1890 wood shingles will last another 124 years!, First Night Akron is now accepting artist applications for the 19th annual event on Dec. 31. Proposals can include music, dance, theater, strolling entertainers, make and take and more.
But, don't wait too long to apply - the deadline is THIS FRIDAY at 5 p.m.!, Thank you to Shon Christy for providing us with a Big Brothers Big Sisters referral! You can provide referrals too! Follow the link below! , Torchbearers Akron is kicking off Big Brothers Big Sisters Power Recruitment Month! Help us reach our 214 referral goal by signing up for more information here: http://torchbearersakron.com/pages/bbbs-interest, Have you registered for the 8th Annual AkRun & Crawl? Register today! 

http://www.torchbearersakron.com/item/613966, Keynote speech by David Giffels.  Photos by Tim Fitzwater., Interested in the arts in Summit County as a YP? Join ArtCetera Monday for an informal meeting to learn about ArtCetera and Akron Area Arts Alliance! Brainstorm event ideas for the coming year, ask questions, share ideas, and hear about being involved on the ArtCetera Planning Committee.

This meeting is open to members, non-members and anyone interested in learning more about ArtCetera! Light snacks will be provided.

https://www.facebook.com/events/753780181309375/, Last evening, #InternEdge culminated with a reception at The Tangier for all interns, employers, presenters, and other supporters of our inaugural year of Intern Edge. David Giffels, author of “The Hard Way on Purpose,” was the keynote speaker. 

We would like to thank the Intern Edge 2014 Participating Employers as well as a fantastic first class of interns for a wonderful summer!
Akron Children’s Hospital Akron General Health System Apple Growth Partners, BCG & Company, Brouse McDowell, CANAPI, Cohen & Company, County of Summit, Executive’s Office FirstEnergy Corp., GOJO Industries, Hitchcock Fleming & Associates, State and Federal Communications, The Goodyear Tire & Rubber Co., The J.M. Smucker Company,e URS Valmark Securities, Inc. Vorys, Sater, Seymour, and Pease LLP Westfield Insurance, We're proud to announce that we're an official Community Partner of Gay Games Cleveland+Akron!

http://www.gg9cle.com/donate-sponsor/community-partners/, This past Thursday our "Edge" Interns were treated to an evening on the beautiful Portage Lakes courtesy of The Portage Lakes Community Council. They organized an evening of swimming and boating in the Portage Lakes State Park. Interns were able to explore the southern part of Summit County and learn more about some of the great parks in the area., Join POP as they host a movie night on the Perkins Stone Mansion front porch. The movie will be The Jackie Robinson Story (1950). They will have beer and Cracker Jacks available for a suggested donation of $10. 

Beginning at 8:00 pm there will be live music on the porch and games of Frisbee on the front lawn. The movie will begin at approximately 9:00 pm., Akron Farm & Flea Market opens July 12th! , In Week Five "Connections that Count" of #InternEdge, interns received advice and skills from young professionals on networking in the real world. Interns heard from a panel of connected, diverse, and innovative young professionals in Akron. Following the discussion, Torchbearers and interns divided into small groups and had meaningful dialogue and a Q&A session on how to excel at making and maintaining professional connections. If you would like to take a look at Intern Edge from an intern’s perspective, check out the Intern Edge blog! http://torchbearersakron.com/announcements/, Some of our amazing Torchbearers sharing their wisdom on "Connections That Count" at tonight's Intern Edge at Musica!, Torchbearers and Intern Edge is excited to have Emma Shepard performing tonight during Week Four "Connections that Count" at Musica! , null, Interns had the opportunity to meet and learn from established community leaders from the Greater Akron area through small group rotating roundtables.  The event was held at First Merit's training center., On Tuesday, July 1st Intern Edge participants met at Portage Country Club for their second "Power Lunch" featuring Jason DiLauro of DiLauro Financial Services. He spoke with the Interns about interviewing, the importance of communication, selecting the right job, why you should start saving at a young age, and all of the things our Akron community has to offer. It was a great session and we had 13 attendees!, #InternEdge participants enjoyed themselves this evening participating in World Cafè with local leaders learning how to "Lead By Example!", Final deadline for the Akron Art Prize is July 7th!

Third annual event sponsored by the Margaret Clark Morgan Foundation provides artists with new opportunities through voting and promotional enhancements.

http://myemail.constantcontact.com/2014-Akron-Art-Prize-artist-deadline-approaching.html?soid=1101711724541&aid=4Eytuwv5eGs, Congrats to the 13 Torchbearers' members & alum who are recognized for 30 for the Future! http://www.greaterakronypn.com/30-for-the-future, null, null, Just a reminder - Applications for the Torchbearers Class of 2015 are due by 5 p.m. today!

http://torchbearersakron.com/pages/apply, Tomorrow  is the last day to submit your application for the Torchbearers Class of 2015!  DON’T MISS OUT! Applications must be completed and submitted by 5:00 p.m. EST to be considered.

http://torchbearersakron.com/pages/apply, We are seeking engaged young professionals that are interested in making a meaningful contribution to our community. Applicants should submit their online application for the Class of 2015 by 5:00 p.m. on June 30, 2014. http://torchbearersakron.com/pages/apply, Last night #InternEdge participants learned about Branding. It's no longer limited to products or catchphrases – as technology creates an ever more connected world, it’s important for individuals to craft a personal brand to help them stand apart. They learned how to manage perceptions about themselves and create their own brand as they move through their careers. Thanks to our presenters, Lauren Ward of NOTO, Jon Miller of BCG&Co. and Don Polyak and Tom Speaks of The Impact Group! Thanks to GOJO for donating Purell for the handshake clinic!, Have you registered for the Annual Greater Akron Charity Cornhole Tournament? The 5th Annual Tournament founded by two Torchbearers' members, Scott & Jaime Kolligian, is taking place August 16th!

http://www.akronymca.org/RotaryCornhole.aspx 

, Torchbearers' members and a couple #InternEdge participants volunteered at the Akron-Canton Regional Foodbank this past Saturday. They packed 11,610 pounds of meat into 387 boxes which equals 9,675 meals for families in need!, See a streetlight that’s not working? Tie a pink ribbon around it., The Akron-Canton Regional Foodbank is holding a CORE event for young professionals this Wednesday. Are you able to volunteer?, Would you like to enhance your leadership skills through participation in Leadership Training Seminars developed in collaboration with Leadership Akron?  Don’t miss out on an amazing opportunity! Applications for the Class of 2015 must be completed and submitted by 5:00 p.m. EST on June 30, 2014 to be considered for membership. Click below for more info and FAQs: http://www.torchbearersakron.com/pages/apply, Torchbearers' Members & #InternEdge participants volunteered their time today to help with Day of Action United Way of Summit County #liveunited, Torchbearers' members & #InternEdge Interns are volunteering for the United Way of Summit County Day of Action today!, null, Unique and new - Nightlight Cinema opening Downtown Akron on July 1st! , null, Market at Lock 3 Opens Tomorrow!, Last night was the first official #InternEdge session “Plugging In." Interns began the evening at the Duck Club with a formal greeting from County of Summit Executive Russell M. Pry. Interns were then divided into groups to experience stations at the Duck Club & The Game Grill & Bar which culminated with remarks from Ken Babby.  
  
The Interns were able to gain exposure to where to live, play, shop, dine, experience the arts, get outdoors, or participate in athletics in the Greater Akron area.   

Thanks to Ken Babby- Akron Rubber Ducks, David Barnhardt- Akron Zoo, Nate Eppink- Metro Parks, Serving Summit County, Jon Fiume- Mustard Seed Market & Cafe, Paul Jarret- Akron Symphony Orchestra, Logan Jennings- JRP Solutions Valet, Russ Neal- City of Akron, Ward 4 Representative, Howard Parr- Akron Civic Theatre, Heather Pullock- The University of Akron and County Executive Russ Pry for being a part of a great evening for the Interns!, Congratulations Erin Victor for being recognized as Greater Akron Young Professionals Network Young Professional Spotlight!, Have you been thinking about wanting to give back but unsure how? How about making a difference in the life of a child! The article below explains a little bit about what Torchbearers Akron is trying to do to help Big Brothers Big Sisters of Summit and Medina counties. Please contact us if you would like more information or would like to get involved., Intern Edge is now in its 2nd week and one of the opportunities that the Interns have available to them are "Power Lunches". 

Power Lunches are hosted by businesses with the objective of providing networking opportunities for interns and local leaders. The first Power Lunch was hosted by CEO Harold Gaar at Apple Growth Partners. Torchbearers and Interns were in attendance as well as Apple Growth Employees. Harold, a native Texan who just moved to Ohio in December, provided his perspective on what Akron has to offer. He's an avid foodie and shared his favorite places to eat in and around Akron. He and his wife Marilee enjoy cycling, so some time was spent talking about the parks as well.

A big "thank-you" to Apple Growth Partners and our own Jaclyn Donadio for providing such a unique experience for our interns!, On Friday, June 13th, Torchbearers members: Samantha Coldwell, Scott Kolligian & Jaime Kolligian volunteered in the Beer Garden outside Canal Park for the Akron Rubber Ducks Main Street Festival: Salute to Soccer Moms and Mini Vans Night, a Tribute to the World Cup. Main Street was lined with inflatables, live entertainment, a train ride and more. The RubberDucks were victorious against the Sea Dogs in front of a sellout crowd!  Proceeds from the beer sales were generously donated back to the 5th Annual Charity Cornhole Tournament, which will be held at Canal Park on August 16th to benefit the Rotary Camp For Children With Special Needs.

http://www.akronymca.org/RotaryCornhole.aspx, Tonight join Downtown Akron Partnership (DAP) Emerging Leaders, YPA members and non-members to participate in an evening addition of the Akron Values program. This special event will give young professionals an opportunity to provide input that will directly influence Akron’s plans for the future. More information and registration provided at the link below., 2 weeks and counting!  Are you interested in supporting your community through numerous volunteer service projects?  As Torchbearers, we recognize that our presence in the community is only as strong as our membership.  Applications for the class of 2015 must be completed and submitted by 5:00 p.m. EST on June 30, 2014 to be considered for membership. Click below for more info and FAQs: http://www.torchbearersakron.com/pages/apply, There are so many great organizations in The Greater Akron area designed to help community members in need. This is a great article on "Embracing Futures". They provide free dental services in Greater Akron and were featured recently in the Akron Beacon Journal. , Planning your 5K schedule for the summer? Don't forget to register for Torchbearers annual AkRun & Crawl Event! You can participate in the run, crawl or both! Click below to register! , Torchbearers and Leadership Akron are partnering to pilot Intern Edge, a summer program for interns from area employers. Generously funded by a grant from the John S. and James L. Knight Foundation, Intern Edge is designed to connect summer interns with community life and encourage connections among peers and community leaders. Interns will gain exposure to new places to live, play and volunteer while building relationships with peers and community leaders., During his State of the City Address, Akron Mayor Don Plusquellic announced the launch of a new program called Akron Values. This initiative is designed to obtain real-time feedback from various members of the community on topics like city services, public safety and jobs. Would you like a chance to hear more about the Akron Values program and have an opportunity to provide input? June 17th will be your chance! Click on the link below to find out more. , Intern Edge folders and name tags are ready to go for tomorrow's Intern Edge kick-off! So excited to welcome 60 interns tomorrow at The Akron Art Museum!, Only 3 weeks left to submit an application for the Torchbearers Class of 2015! Do you or someone you know want to network and serve with other young leaders who live and work in Akron and share your enthusiasm for the Greater Akron Community? Applications must be completed and submitted by 5:00pm EST on June 30, 2014 to be considered for membership. Click below for more info and FAQs: http://www.torchbearersakron.com/pages/apply, Torchbearers Akron President, Kyle Kutuchief, served as a guest panelist at Young Professionals of Akron's New Professionals Networking Night at The Duck Club. Great event YPA!, Leaders from YPA, YPN, Artcetera and Torchbearers presented ways to get involved in Akron to over 100 interns at Goodyear this morning., Join Young Professionals of Akron tonight at their New Professionals Networking Night!

https://www.facebook.com/events/240844402779101/, One week from today starts #InternEdge and we couldn't be more excited!

http://torchbearersakron.com/pages/programs, Need something to do this weekend? Check out the Downtown Akron Artwalk or the Noto Summer Fashion Show!

http://www.downtownakron.com/enjoy/artwalk, Torchbearers are enjoying a night at the Akron Rubber Ducks game this evening!, Yesterday, a few Torchbearers' stuffed over 200 bags with Akron/Summit County info for the #InternEdge & Goodyear interns!, Young Professionals of Akron is hosting their inaugural New Professionals Networking Night on Thursday, June 5th. Join YPA and their panel of industry experts to hone your professional job seeking skills. Learn how to create a solid resume; review the basic do’s and don’ts of interviewing; perfect your 30-second elevator speech; and get great tips on how to shine during the search.

Special guest appearance by Ken Babby at 6:00 p.m. Come early to meet the man behind the Akron Rubber Ducks!

Registration is limited to 75, so be sure to register at the web site linked below!, null, Last night fifteen Torchbearers volunteered to prepare, clean and serve at St. Bernard - St. Mary Hot Meal Program!, Big Brothers Big Sisters is having a mixer at the Barrel Room in North Canton tonight from 5-7:30. If you are able to make it, please RSVP to Erik Shipe via email or call into the office @ 330-376-6503. If you have a friend, coworker, or family member who is interested in becoming a volunteer or just want more information, please feel free to bring them along as well. http://bbbssmc.org/ , Ken Babby addressing @tbakon at our Spring Membership meeting. Great speaker and contributor to the Akron area! http://ow.ly/i/5HYkR, Many Torchbearers Akron members volunteered their time to educate the youth of Barberton DECA today! There were presentations on how an advertising agency works, inspired speeches and a professional business lunch at Akron Rubber Ducks The Game Restaurant!, Planning Intern Edge! Excited to have Justin Hilton Leadership Akron  Class of 2011 presenting to our Interns this summer!, See you for lunch tomorrow?, Looking for ways to give back? Check out these upcoming events for Ronald McDonald House of Akron!, Torchbearers Class of 2013 Member Allyson Boyd featured in The Greater Akron Chamber's May Young Professional Spotlight! http://www.greaterakronypn.com/young-professional-spotlight , null, We're so happy we were able to help clean up Max Bower's yard!, Before and after of the Heroes Day volunteer work from this morning!, We're happy to be doing yard work for Max Bowers, a Korean War Veteran, today during Stow-Munroe Falls Rotary's Heroes Day!, We had a great time last night at our 5th Annual Recruitment Mixer "mixing" with prospective Class of 2015 applicants! Our online application is now live! http://torchbearersakron.com/pages/apply, Members of Torchbearers and Young Professionals of Akron participated in the City of Akron, Ohio - Mayor's Office Akron Values Program. Thanks to Rick Merolla and Warren Wolford  for facilitating the conversation., Torchbearer Phil Montgomery welcomes a group of TB's and YPA Akron members to a special installment of TB's Morning Connection meetings. During his State of the City Address, Akron Mayor Don Plusquellic announced the launch of a new program called Akron Values. This initiative is designed to obtain real-time feedback from various members of the community on topics like City Services, Public Safety and Jobs. Mayor Plusquellic has personally reached out to Torchbearers to participate in this public survey., Thanks for sharing Leadership Akron!, We would like to thank our sponsors that have made our 5th annual Recruitment Mixer possible! 

Gold Sponsor: Bridgestone 
Silver Sponsor: Kastner Westman & Wilkins 
Silver Sponsor:  Our very own Torchbearer class of 2013, Derrick Hall 
Additional Help from Acme Fresh Markets & Kyle Magilavy, Great write up on our recruitment mixer tonight in the Plain Dealer! Only four more hours to register if you would like to attend! Limited spots available. , Torchbearers class is starting the DISC and Strength Finders assessments in the Mingo Pavilion in the Metro Parks, Serving Summit County, Tonight our 2014 Torchbearer class is participating in a Leadership Training on Teamwork & Communication with Anne Bitong, President/Executive Director of the Akron Marathon!, Thank you Greater Akron Young Professionals Network for sharing!, Thank you ArtCetera for sharing! , "The Summit County Arts & Culture presented its recommendations developed by work groups at its May 6 town hall meeting at the Northwest Akron Branch library. Attendance consisted of a diverse blend of arts and culture organizations leaders, both staff and board, individual artists, and other interested community members." - GAR Foundation, Limited spots are still available for the 5th Annual Recruitment Mixer! If you know an individual ages 25 to 39 years old encourage them to register before we fill up! Registration link is below.  , Torchbearers' & Leadership Akron's Intern Edge Program is now full and registration is closed! Looking forward to a great summer with Akron's Interns! 
, Torchbearers very own Nicole Mullet throws one of the first pitches at last night's Akron Rubber Ducks Game! This was in honor of the Akron Rubber Ducks first Women in Baseball Night!, Great Job "TorchBarkers" for raising nearly $600 for PAWSibilities, Humane Society of Greater Akron!, Torchbearer member Kathy Adkins, CPA believes that giving back is about touching someone’s life & making it better. She was recognized for her volunteer efforts by The Ohio Society of CPAs!, In one week Torchbearers Akron will be hosting our annual recruitment mixer at the Akron Art Museum. Please share with young professionals in the Greater Akron area that are interested in learning about becoming a Torchbearer. Register at the link below today! , New Downtown Akron Marriott hotel will be in Akron's "Northside District" and will be completed "sometime next summer". , With last year’s re-vamp of TB college curriculum we've added the DISC assessment and are looking forward to executing this with Ann Bitong from the Akron Marathon and our new member class on May 14th. http://www.torchbearersakron.com/pages/programs, View Torchbearers Akron Premier Edition of TorchTalk our new eNewsletter! , Congratulations to Torchbearers Akron member Patrick L Bravo for his new position as executive director for the Summit County land bank!, Our 5th Annual Recruitment Mixer is coming up on May 15, 2014. Special thanks to Bridgestone for being a gold level sponsor for this event. If you're interested in learning more about Torchbearers, be sure to RSVP at http://www.torchbearersakron.com/item/635644
, null, Torchbearers Akron is proud to be part of Green & Clean Day in downtown Akron today! , Downtown Akron Partnership's Downtown Passport Event: Akron Symphony Orchestra Concerts for Kids: Babar the Elephant started today! , Thank you to our Torchbearer members who have given over 300 service hours to the Akron community so far this year!, In addition to volunteering for Nazareth, Akron Rotary Camp and Ballet Excel Ohio Torchbearer members were also assisting the Battered Women's Shelter this past Saturday! We helped put together storage shelves for their brand new facility and also painted!, Torchbearer Akron members worked at two homes this past Saturday in the Kenmore neighborhood doing landscaping. This included planting shrubs, bushes, spreading mulch, and they also cleaned the interior and exterior of the homes as part of the 6th Annual Joint Service Project: A partnership among Torchbearers, Leadership Akron Alumni Association, and Junior Leadership Akron., null, Torchbearers Akron helping out at Akron Art Museum's Family Drop In Day! Earth day crafts at the art museum. Recycling GOJO and Purell dispensers into birdhouses., Torchbearers along with Leadership Akron and Junior Leadership of Akron volunteered at Akron Rotary Camp today. Three weeks worth of landscaping/maintenance done in three hours! #teamworkisawesome, Intern Edge program is at 80% capacity! Don't miss your opportunity to sign your interns up for this great summer program. Visit http://www.torchbearersakron.com/pages/programs to learn more!, Torchbearer Akron members will be very busy tomorrow! Lots of opportunities to give back. You will either find us at the 6th Annual Joint Service Project: A partnership among Torchbearers, Leadership Akron Alumni Association, and Junior Leadership Akron, the Akron Art Museum Family Drop in Day or at Hardesty Park for Keep Akron Beautiful!, Past Torchbearers Akron President Amanda Teuscher Leffler receives the Ohio State Bar Foundation Community Service Award! , The new TB College Curriculum for the class of 2014 is up and running! We are partnering with some amazing community organizations this year including Leadership Akron, Akron Marathon and ProLaureate Leadership Development! , Congratulations to Cathy Vue member of the Torchbearers Akron 2014 class! She was honored at the White House today for her efforts with ASIA Inc., Torchbearers will be assisting families and visitors during the Akron Art Museum Earth Day, which is celebrated with a creative flare. So drop by and get your hands dirty with plantable art and recycled art activities using everyday objects. This event is open to all ages.   Children will be admitted to the gallery for free.  Other activities are available for families at no charge.  This family friendly Earth Day takes place on Saturday, April 26, 2014 at the Akron Art Museum, located at One South High Street, Akron, Ohio 44308, Calling All Future Leaders: Our 5th Annual Recruitment Mixer is quickly approaching! If you're interested in learning more about Torchbearers, be sure to RSVP at http://www.torchbearersakron.com/item/635644, Torchbearers Akron member Willy Kollman showing off his irresistible selling skills in University of Akron Alumni's "Finish in Time" video. , Our very own Nicole Mullet! 2014 Woman of the Year Awards by Summit County Historical Society, If you are an individual between the age of 25 to 39 years old, that is motivated to serve, looking to develop your leadership abilities, connect with community leaders and truly want to be engaged in your community, then please join us at our Membership Reception on May 15th from 5pm until 7pm at the Akron Art Museum to learn more about applying for the 2015 Torchbearers class. We look forward to meeting you! You can register at the link below. 
, We love when organizations work together to improve our great city! #Akron , An AMAZING video about a "Big/Little" experience! Visit http://www.mentorwithme.org/bbbswp/ to start the process of becoming one of Big Brothers Big Sisters of Summit, Medina and Stark Counties 214 new bigs in 2014! , Torchbearers Akron is up to 14 partners for the #InternEdge Program! We would like to welcome our most recent additions     Hitchcock Fleming & Associates, GOJO Industries, Inc. and Vorys, Sater, Seymour & Pease LLP! If your company would like to sign your Interns up for Intern Edge visit http://www.torchbearersakron.com/pages/programs for more information! , Torchbearer Akron President Kyle Kutuchief says "Today Nicole and I visited the Lebron James Family Foundation to see how Torchbearers Akron members might be able to assist with some of their service to our community. As they were giving us a tour, they casually surprised us with this giant welcome chalk mural complete with our logo and taglines. It was a super thoughtful way to make us feel welcome and reflects the great culture of the foundation. We are excited to find ways to work with them in the year ahead.", Join the Young Professionals of Akron, Akron Torchbearers, ArtCetera, and the Greater Akron Chamber's Young Professionals Network for the premier young professionals' event of the spring - and take a culinary tour of Ohio at West Point Market! Come sample the very best wine and beer from our local vineyards and breweries - all paired with fabulous local artisan foods. You'll experience Akron in a whole new light while mingling with other young professionals. This is a limited attendance event for the first 200 RSVPs. 
 
Register for the event here: http://www.westpointmarket.com/catalog/Tasting_Store_Event_Tickets.aspx 
$30 with special YP event code
$45 without the code and at the door
 
Members of YPA, ArtCetera, Torchbearers and YPN: 
Enter coupon code "akron" (no quotes, case sensitive) at checkout. Be sure to hit the "apply" tab., Downtown Akron Partnership now accepting entries for Akron Art Prize!, Join Downtown Akron Partnership Emerging Leaders tomorrow night at the Akron Civic Theatre to vote on the next MyAkron project! Doors open at 6 p.m. and the presentation of projects begin at 6:30 p.m.  
, Torchbearers Akron board member Nicole Mullet received the "Woman to Watch" award from the Summit County Historical Society and the Women's History Project of the Akron Area! Congratulations Nicole!, Torchbearers Akron would like to welcome Akron General Hospital as our newest partner in #InternEdge!, null, What do you love about this region?, Applications for MyAkron are due today! , The Akron-Canton Regional Foodbank is in search of the next Harvest for Hunger Virtual Idol. Check out this video that one of our members submitted last year.

Submit your video by March 24. Voting begins April 1st. http://go.acrfb.org/vidol , Torchbearers Akron is assisting Big Brothers Big Sisters of Summit, Medina and Stark counties in recruiting 214 new bigs for 2014! Has becoming a "big" ever crossed your mind? Stop by Sarah's Vineyard Winery in Cuyahoga Falls this Friday at 5:00 pm to meet current and potential bigs and ask questions in a casual atmosphere. RSVP to ksourwine@mentorwithme.org , Torchbearers Akron is pleased to welcome Goodyear and Northwestern Mutual as our newest partners with #InternEdge! Have you registered your interns? Early bird pricing ends 3.31! http://www.torchbearersakron.com/pages/programs , Feeling creative and want to make and impact in Downtown Akron?!? Downtown Akron Partnership's Emerging Leaders have extended the submission deadline for myAkron projects to Friday March 21st at 5pm. Find out how your idea can be a reality at: http://www.myakron.net/#!submit/c16z0, This event is the perfect way to learn more about Big Brothers Big Sisters of Summit, Medina and Stark Counties and mingle with current bigs as well as board members., Torchbearers Ambassadors is off to a great start! We had our first meeting today with a recent hire eager to become involved in #Akron! Interested in learning more? Follow the link! , We officially have 30% of Intern Edge filled as of today! Thanks to Apple Growth Partners, BCG&Co., Brouse McDowell LPA, URS, Valmark Securities, Inc., Akron Children's Hospital, Westfield Insurance & Smucker's for signing up. Interested in signing up your interns for your company? Take advantage of the early bird pricing and register before March 31, 2014!

http://torchbearersakron.com/pages/programs, Video showcasing why Downtown Akron is awesome is generating social media buzz! , Lots of Torchbearers volunteering tonight at Greenleaf Family Center's "Night at the Races"!!!, Check out this story about our new Intern Edge program on Page D1 of today's Akron Beacon Journal. http://goo.gl/IKhZP8

Torchbearers' Class of 2014 is also listed on Page D2., Shout out to Jessyca Blake, Getta Cornici and Karlo Petrak for already meeting their Torchbearers Akron 10 hour service requirement! Torchbearers is already at 154 service hours for the year!, Torchbearers Akron would like to recognize the talented and wonderful Joe Levack of Studio Akron for capturing some of the important moments the night of our Anniversary reception! Keep your eyes out for photos from this event.... coming soon!  , Save the date for Thursday, March 27 @ 1:30 PM! Thanks to a generous grant from the John S. and James L. Knight Foundation, CIFF is able to collaborate with the Akron Art Museum, Akron-Summit County Public Library, and Akron Film+Pixel to present the second annual Day and Knight in Akron. A sampling of feature films and short subjects will be presented in the Akron Art Museum Charles and Jane Lehner Auditorium and the Akron-Summit County Public Library Main Auditorium. CIFF patrons will be able to curate their own experience in the heart of downtown Akron.

http://www.clevelandfilm.org/festival/events/day-and-knight-in-akron , Thank you to Something New Entertainment and Classic Valet for helping create an amazing and fun evening for the Torchbearers Akron 11th Annual Anniversary Reception!
, Today's thank you goes out to Baci Designer and American Printing for providing Torchbearers Akron with beautiful invitations for our 11th Annual Anniversary Reception! , Now that February is gone and Spring is almost upon us (maybe) Torchbearers Akron would like to take some time this week to recognize the sponsors who made our 11th annual Anniversary reception a great success! First up, a big thank you goes to Miller's Party Rental Center who helped ensure the success of our event! 
, Leadership Akron announces 2014 Board Shadow Pairings. Many members of Torchbearers Akron are part of this amazing opportunity! 
http://www.leadershipakron.org/2014-board-shadow-pairings, Torchbearer members Samantha Coldwell, Amber Genet and Paul LaGuardia are featured in Akronlife Magazine's March Issue “Single in the City”. They are being recognized because of their desire to “make the Greater Akron area a better place to live”., There are many ways the people of Greater Akron can help fight hunger in their community. Dan Flowers, President and CEO of the Akron-Canton Regional Food Bank kicks off the 2014 Harvest for Hunger campaign at Shearer's Foods headquarters in Massillon. Read more to see how you can help! 
http://www.indeonline.com/article/20140228/News/140229133, Torchbearers Akron Class of 2013 Member Laura Wallerstein named one of Ohio's "Rising Stars" by Super Lawyers!!!!! Congrats, Laura!, Our friends at Engage! Cleveland are working with BVU The Center for Nonprofit Excellence and other organizations to connect young talent to nonprofits in the Greater Cleveland community. By serving as a hub of connectivity for Cleveland's young professional community EC is helping to make these connections happen!, Listen to Torchbearers Akron President, Kyle Kutuchief talk with Jasen Sokol on 1590 WAKR about Akron, Torchbearers and our two new programs Intern Edge and The Ambassador Program. http://www.akronnewsnow.com/wakr/jasen-sokol-show/item/150217-stemming-the-brain-drain-in-akron, Congratulations to Torchbearers Akron members Michael Wilson and Amanda Lee Barna for being honored with SMEI - Distinguished Sales & Marketing Award (DSMA) this evening!, Torchbearers Akron class of 2014 at their "Strength Builders Training" this past Saturday. Working together to make Akron an even greater city to be a part of!, Thank you for helping us celebrate our 11th Anniversary! Check out our new programs, Ambassador and Intern Edge., We're looking forward to our 11th Anniversary Reception this evening! Don't let the rain keep you away. We have complementary valet parking provided by one of our sponsors, Classic Valet., null, Great way to start off the weekend supporting Akron Children's Hospital #WKDDradiothon! Thank you to everyone who called in & made a donation while Torchbearers Akron was answering the phones!, null, Save the Date for AkRun & Crawl this year: 08.23.14, A group of Torchbearers volunteered Sunday to help prepare and serve a meal to those in need in Akron., Here's a beautiful story about why one of our members loves to call Akron home., Held at First Merit's training center in Downtown Akron. Thank you Nick Browning for providing the space., Held in the Considine Building at Akron Children's Hospital.  Guest speaker John Davis provided motivation., Second day of the 2014 Torchbearers retreat. More than 80 members braved the weather this morning. #IdealAkron  Ready to lead, inspired to serve., We had a great time getting to know our new Class of 2014 last night at our New Member Orientation. Stay tuned for great things to come from Torchbearers Akron this year..., null, We are proud to announce the selection of 39 future leaders for Torchbearers' Class of 2014. Please join us in congratulating them!, Make plans for New Year’s Eve and join the fun in Downtown Akron. First Night Akron, now in its 18th year, is a New Year’s Eve celebration unlike any other. This family-friendly, alcohol-free celebration of the arts brings the community together to enjoy indoor entertainment and fun throughout Downtown Akron. http://ow.ly/rnkV3, Mark your calendar for Akron's 34th Annual TubaChristmas. Saturday, December 21, from noon to 2:30pm at E.J. Thomas Hall. http://ow.ly/rnkHh, We are so thankful for the Knight Foundation, who is supporting our two new programs that will help connect and retain summer interns and young professionals to Akron. http://bit.ly/IJ8eYv, 5th Annual Ryan Humbert Holiday Extravaganza - Ryan Humbert and his band will return to the historic Akron Civic Theatre stage for their fifth-annual, holiday-themed extravaganza on Saturday, December 14. Doors open at 7 p.m., with the show beginning at 8 p.m.. http://ow.ly/rnjvW, Looking for something fun to do on Friday Night? Check out the"Nutty Nutcracker" at the Akron Civic Theatre, presented by Ballet Theatre of Ohio. This One Show Only performance is family friendly, but parts may contain adult humor. If you are familiar with The Nutcracker, you will love this spoof of America's holiday classic. http://ow.ly/rnk8x, Join the Akron-Canton Regional Foodbank for the first ever Selfless Elf 5k run on Saturday, December 21. This will be an exciting way to embrace the season and wrap up the foodbank's Hunger-Free Families campaign. Dress up in your favorite festive
holiday-themed costumes or running gear, and run or walk the 3.1 mile course, beginning and ending at the Akron-Canton Regional Foodbank. http://ow.ly/rnj95, Join the Akron Zoo on December 5, from 4:00 - 7:30 p.m., for a one-of-a-kind shopping experience. Stop by booths of local vendors and artists and shop in the zoo's Gift Shop for all your holiday needs. Akron Zoo Members receive 20% off their gift store purchases. For every $10 spent, you'll receive a ticket for a raffle. http://ow.ly/qOHeF, Welcome Santa to Downtown Akron during a parade on Main Street, this Saturday, November 30th at 11am on Main street. http://ow.ly/qOGGC, Join Downtown Akron Partnership as they light up the Ohio & Erie Canal through Lock 3 with a spectacular fireworks and pyrotechnics show for the Holiday Lighting Ceremony on Friday, November 29th. Akron’s Thirsty Dog Brewing Company will tap the first keg of its 12 Dogs of Christmas Ale as part of the evening’s festivities. http://downtownakron.com/event/tree-lighting-ceremony, Torchbearers mentoring Akron area high school seniors through Destination College., The 5th Annual Crafty Mart is taking place November 30 at Musica and We Gallery. 50 vendors selling handmade goods for everyone on your list! http://ow.ly/qOFUY, Thank you Rotary Camp for Children with Special Needs for hosting our November General Membership Meeting tonight, and to Nauti Vine Winery for the refreshments!, Join the Volunteers of Akron Children's Hospital for the 2013 Holiday Tree Festival which runs from Nov 23 - Dec 1 at the John S. Knight Center. Admission to the Holiday Tree Festival is Free! Visit: www.akronchildrens.org/treefestival for more information., The Holiday Market at Lock 3, sponsored by Downtown Akron Partnership, features local artisans who offer hand-made items for sale as well as 2 German craftsman bringing hand-crafted goods from the Erzebirge Mountains near Akron's sister city of Chemnitz, Germany. For more information: http://ow.ly/qOGlc, Wish You Were Here recreates Pink Floyd's historic 1972 Akron Civic Theatre show on Friday November 22, to benefit Akron Children's Hospital Palliative Care Center. Visit www.akroncivic.com for more information., Akron Art Museum leaders hosted Torchbearers to tell us about their exciting plans for 2014., Join the Girls on the Run 5k on November 17, where more than 500 girls in grades 3-8 will celebrate their "girl power" by running 3.1 miles with their coaches, families, friends, teachers and community members. This event is open to anyone who wants to run, walk, or skip to the finish line! Visit http://www.gotrgreatersummit.org/ for more information., Enjoy a visit to the Akron Civic on Friday November 15th at 8pm as they present a Local Artists Showcase to introduce local bands and singers to an intimate cabaret setting and performance on the beautiful Akron Civic Theatre stage. www.akroncivic.com, The Peanut Shoppe of Akron can make you fresh peanut butter right in their store. It's ground fresh with your choice of nuts. Have you tried any yet?
 http://ow.ly/qOFOa, Are you part of "Generation Wait" who is staying put?, The Junior League of Akron is excited to announce their first Early Bird Bustle Family Fun Run/Walk to help support and raise awareness of their multi-year education initiative on childhood obesity and nutrition! Join Junior League on Sunday, November 24, 2013 for this great event! http://www.juniorleagueakron.org/fundraisers/family-fun-runwalk/, Enjoy free admission to more than 200 decorated trees, 85,000 strings of lights and countless other holiday creations by attending the Holiday Tree Festival on Nov. 23 – Dec. 1 at the John S. Knight Center, presented by the Volunteers of Akron Children's Hospital. https://www.akronchildrens.org/cms/holiday_tree_festival/, Mark your calendar for Goodwill's 8th Annual Taste of Vintage, Thursday, November 21, at Quaker Station. Enjoy an array of culinary treats from some of our areas finest establishments. The event will feature an auction and fashion show. More details available online: http://www.goodwillakron.org/about/events-calendar/taste-of-vintage, Torchbearers had fun at the Halloween Charity Ball presented by Summa Western Reserve Hospital this past weekend! Check out these fun Photo Booth pics!, Watch local celebrities dance-off with student instructors from the University of Akron at Dancing for the Kids on October 25th at the Akron Civic Theatre. This event is presented by the Emerging Leaders of Akron Children's Hospital. All proceeds benefit the Showers Family Center for Childhood Cancer and Blood Disorders. For tickets or to vote for your favorite dancer, visit http://ow.ly/q4qIY, Looking for a fun Halloween 5k? Well, come on out to the Monster Dash benefiting Spring Garden Waldorf School. Come out for the dash or come to cheer on the costumed runners. The Monster Dash takes place on Sunday, October 27th at 8:30am. More details online: http://ow.ly/pNjco, Attend the Bert A. Polsky Humanitarian Award dinner on Tuesday, Oct. 15 to honor Eileen and the late H. Peter Burg. Tickets and event details at http://bit.ly/17WHTev, Join the Walk Day Festival & Celebration for Crohn's & Colitis on October 19th at Lock 3 Park! Who is going to be on your team and What is your team name? Start your team at http://online.ccfa.org/site/TR/2013TakeStepsWalk/Chapter-NortheastOhio?fr_id=3790&pg=entry!, This year's Halloween Charity Ball will benefit the Andrea Rose Teodosio Foundation and CANAPI. It all goes down on October 25th. More details can be found online at: http://ow.ly/pHoyJ, Join Akron General & Main Street Gourmet for the Muffins for Mammograms bake sale on Wed. Oct. 16th. Proceeds pay for mammograms for women who are uninsured. Blueberry & French toast muffins will be $15/doz. from 7-11am at 5 locations: Akron General Medical Center [400 Wabash Ave., Akron], Health & Wellness Center - West [4125 Medina Rd., Montrose], Health & Wellness Center - North [4300 Allen Rd., Stow], Health & Wellness Center - Green [1940 Town Park Blvd., Uniontown], & Lodi Community Hospital [225 Elyria St., Lodi]. http://ow.ly/pyZBx, Come out to Highland Square on Saturday, October 12th, from 10am - 7pm, for Art in the Square + Porch Rokr, It will feature original art, music and food! Art in the Square has joined forces with Porch Rokr to create one of the most amazing days that the Square has ever seen! More info: http://ow.ly/pqGGg, The Halloween Charity Ball will celebrate 10 years of Akron's most anticipated Halloween event and benefiting local charities. This event is being held on October 25th, from 8 to Midnight, at Tangier. What are you going to be for Halloween this year?, Operation Orange - 24 Hour Volunteer Event! Grab a group of family members, friends or coworkers, and join the Akron-Canton Regional Foodbank to end Hunger Action Month with a BANG! Volunteers are encouraged to wear orange, the color of hunger relief. Sunday, September 29 through Monday 30! http://ow.ly/patYk, The 11th Annual Akron Marathon is next weekend! Kick off your weekend at the Health & Fitness Expo, Friday, September 27th at the John S. Knight Center. Enjoy a pasta party and more than 75 vendors. Saturday, September 28th, watch as the race takes off from Broadway St. in Downtown Akron and enjoy all the festivities at the Finish Line at Canal Park Stadium! www.akronmarathon.org, On Friday, October 4, Fairlawn Country Club will be transformed into a nightclub with lounge singers and a casino all to support Child Guidance and Family Solutions' Virtues and Vices. Your support helps to ensure that Child Guidance & Family Solutions continues to provide support to the children and adolescents in our community who are suffering the challenges of mental, emotional and behavioral health issues.  http://ow.ly/oU7ar, Please join us on Tuesday, September 17th for Taste of the NFL benefiting the Akron-Canton Regional Foodbank at the Event Center at the Pro Football Hall of Fame in Canton. 

Guests can meet Hall of Fame Enshrines like Curley Culp, Leroy Kelly, Tom Mack, Randall McDaniel, John Randle, Kellen Winslow, Rayfield Wright, and Jack Youngblood as you take in the historical surroundings and exhibits at the Pro Football Hall of Fame. 

The event also features tastings of signature dishes and drinks from more than 20 local restaurants and wineries and a live and silent auction. Funds raised at the event will support the Akron-Canton Regional Foodbank and their fight to end hunger.   

Visit www.akroncantonfoodbank.org to purchase your tickets today-- $100 Young Professionals, $150 General Admission and $250 VIP.  Contact Leslie Letner lletner@acrfb.org, Who is excited for the Taste of the NFL benefiting the Akron-Canton Regional Foodbank? This year's event will take place at the new event center at the Pro Football Hall of Fame in Canton on Sept. 17th, from 5:30 to 9:00 PM. Meet Hall of Famers and enjoy tastings from local chefs and wineries, while raising awareness and dollars toward the fight to end hunger. Visit http://go.acrfb.org/TNFL to purchase tickets and more details., The 13th annual Pawsibility Ball will be held on Saturday, September 21st, at 6 PM. The night will feature both live and silent auctions, entertainment and adoptable animals that are looking for their forever homes. For any questions about the event or to purchase tickets, contact Heather Kinaitis at 330-487-0333 ext. 232 or hkinaitis@summithumane.org, On October 3rd from 7:30 to 9:00 AM, Nazareth Housing is hosting the inaugural “Houses Into Homes” breakfast. Please join as they celebrate the many ways that Nazareth Housing has transformed the lives of low-moderate income families in Summit County with their housing programs & services., Throw on your fifties attire and dance the night away to support Mobile Meals at Portage Country Club on September 13th, from 7 to 11 PM. Who doesn't love great fifties music? What is your favorite fifties tune?, Help support Pawsibilities and enjoy a fun night out in the process! Head over to Ken Stewart's Lodge for Cocktails for Paws on Friday, September 6th, from 7 to 10 PM. Make your reservation for bar or lounge seating today by calling 330-666-8881. For more information about the event, contact the shelter at 330-487-0333., The Made in Ohio Art & Craft Festival held on August 31st is an outdoor event featuring Ohio artists and craftspeople, as well as local restaurants, all nestled in the history and idyllic scenery of Hale Farm & Village and the Cuyahoga Valley National Park. Thanks to Western Reserve Historical Society for such a great event! http://ow.ly/omcR6, null, Akron Art Prize will take place between 9/7 - 10/5 this year. The grand prize winner will receive $5,000. For more information, visit the website: http://www.downtownakron.com/enjoy/akron-art-prize-2013, Get your running shoes on and get ready for the 2013 Akron Marathon!  This year, the marathon takes place Saturday, September 28, at 7:00am.  You can run the full marathon, half marathon, or a team relay.  The course is a rolling, scenic tour of some of Akron's most beautiful destinations.  More information/registration is available at  http://ow.ly/o80Vr, Isn't the new Grizzly Ridge exhibit at Akron Zoo amazing?  The new exhibit covers four of the zoo’s 52 acres and features a walk-in aviary, red wolves, bald eagles, river otters and coyotes. Zoo hours are 10 a.m. to 5 p.m. and admission is $10 for adults and $7 for children (children under 2 are admitted free). 
 http://ow.ly/o0cxp, It's a great day for AkRun & Crawl. If you haven't registered already, you can register on-site beginning at 3:30pm. Race begins at 5pm and the Pub Crawl beings at 6pm. Hope to see you there!, For professionals and students alike, Toastmasters is the best way to build great communication skills. Cuyahoga Falls Toastmasters meets each Wednesday, from 6:30 to 7:30p.m. at ComDoc Distribution Center, 220 Ascot Parkway (off State Road, across from the Post Office).  There is no cost to visit and visitors are always welcome.  For more information about Toastmasters in NE Ohio, go to http://ow.ly/o0lko, Join us for Torchbearers' Seventh Annual AkRun & Crawl this Saturday, August 17, 2013. The event includes a 5K run along the Towpath Trail followed by a pub crawl in Downtown Akron. For more information or to register, click here: http://ow.ly/nR1uw, During the month of August, participate in Around the Ohio & Erie Canalway in 31 Days! Questions will be posted daily on the Ohio & Erie Canalway Facebook page. Submit your answers for a chance to win one of the great prizes that have been donated by Canalway partners. http://ow.ly/nMSkc, On the first Saturday of each month, the Artwalk features nearly two dozen destinations of art, shopping, dining and entertainment with offerings that fit every budget. Hand-blown glass, pottery, ceramic, paintings, textiles, jewelry and eclectic housewares all dot the footprint of this spectacular monthly event. Visit the Artwalk, Saturday, August 3, from 5-9 p.m. More information is available here: http://ow.ly/nAlkS, Mark your calendars for the Akron Zoo Summer Safari on August 9th. Spend an elegant evening at the zoo and help raise funds for the care of the animals. Guests will enjoy live animal encounters, live music, drinks and fine food provided by several area restaurants and caterers. http://ow.ly/nxbNY, Thank you to everyone that submitted an application for the Class of 2014! All applicants should have received an email confirmation from us. If you applied and haven't heard from us, please contact us ASAP. Thank you!, Today is the final day to get your applications in for the Torchbearers class of 2014!  Please have your applications submitted by 5:00pm EST to be considered for membership.  For more details..., Tomorrow  is the last day to submit your application for the Torchbearers Class of 2014!  DON’T MISS OUT!  Applications must be completed and submitted by 5:00pm EST on July 31, 2013 to be..., Know any engaged young professionals that are interested in making a meaningful contribution to our community? Please *SHARE* this post with them., Join us on Saturday, August 17, starting at 5 p.m. for Torchbearers 7th Annual AkRun & Crawl. The event includes a 5K run along the Towpath Trail followed by a pub crawl in Downtown Akron, at locations including ZAR nightclub, Primo's Deli, Wrye Beer and Whiskey and Paolo's. For more information and to register, visit http://ow.ly/mAT4W, Would you like to enhance your leadership skills through participation in Leadership Training Seminars developed in collaboration with Leadership Akron?  Don’t miss out on an amazing opportunity! Torchbearers is currently accepting applications for the Class of 2014. Applications must be completed and submitted by 5:00pm EST on July 31, 2013 to be considered for membership. Click the link for more details! http://ow.ly/mNWld, Join Greenleaf at its 22nd annual dinner and auction fundraiser, the Emerald Gala, on Friday, August 16. Greenleaf will honor Hitchcock Fleming and Associates, Inc. (hfa) as this year's recipient of the Betty Dalton Award for its contributions to the community. Contact Greenleaf to purchase tickets. http://ow.ly/nfwZ0, Are you interested in supporting your community through numerous volunteer service projects?  As Torchbearers, we recognize that our presence in the community is only as strong as our membership. We strive to recruit members dedicated to the Greater Akron community and to the core values of our organization. We are currently accepting applications for the Class of 2014. Click below for more info.  http://ow.ly/mNTk2, Join Torchbearers at the 4th Annual Charity Cornhole Tournament on Saturday, July 27th at Canal Park sponsored by Kastner Westman & Wilkins LLC. This year, proceeds will benefit the Akron Rotary Camp for Children with Special Needs. If you aren’t able to participate, contact Scott Kolligian at skolligian@gmail.com about volunteer opportunities or consider sponsoring a team so that parents of children with special needs can enjoy a fun-filled day!  

Registration ends July 19, so register now!
 http://ow.ly/mTPsS, Did you know DBA now serves sushi until 1 a.m. on the weekend? Check out their Facebook page for new menu items. http://ow.ly/mNtw1, Join Torchbearers at the 4th Annual Charity Cornhole Tournament on Saturday, July 27th at Canal Park. The tournament is sponsored by Kastner Westman & Wilkins LLC. This year, proceeds will benefit the Akron Rotary Camp for Children with Special Needs. 
  
Don’t miss out on the opportunity to enjoy Canal Park, have fun with friends and family and help out a very deserving Akron organization!  To register click the link below.
 http://ow.ly/mTN0j 

For volunteer opportunities, contact Scott Kolligian at skolligian@gmail.com. Also, consider sponsoring a team so that parents of children with special needs can enjoy a fun-filled day!  Don’t forget to tell your family and friends!, Do you want to network with other young leaders who live and work in Akron and share your enthusiasm for the Greater Akron Community?!  Torchbearers is currently accepting applications for the Class of 2014. Applications must be completed and submitted by 5:00pm EST on July 31, 2013 to be considered for membership. Click below for more details http://ow.ly/mNT5x, Since 1912, Greenleaf Family Center has provided comprehensive services to individuals and families in Summit County, as well as specialized programs in Portage, Holmes, Medina and Wayne Counties. Its mission from 100 years ago continues today as Greenleaf endeavors to strengthen families in our community through counseling, education and support. 

 In order to continue to provide families with the tools they need to reach their full potential, Greenleaf will host its 22nd annual dinner and auction fundraiser, the Emerald Gala, on Friday, August 16. This year, Greenleaf will honor Hitchcock, Fleming and Associates, Inc. (hfa), under the leadership of Jack DeLeo, as this year's recipient of the Betty Dalton Award for its contributions to the community., Do some yoga in the park!  Thursday, July 25 at 7:00PM - Join a naturalist and certified yoga instructor from Yoga Lounge and Barre to practice yoga on Seneca Deck. This practice will be appropriate for adults who want a gentle workout without fast position changes. Wear comfy clothing, bring a yoga mat or large towel and water.  Registration, which begins on 7/9, is required: 330-865-8065. http://ow.ly/mNrV1, The 66th Annual Italian American Festival takes place at Lock 3 Park in downtown Akron July 12-14! Admission is free. Come for the amazing food, stay for the fun. This festival has something for everyone! http://ow.ly/mAW5K, Do you want to enjoy an event downtown Akron, but are unsure of where to park? Parking is free weekdays after 6 p.m. and on weekends in all city-owned decks! Receive your first hour free in all decks as well! http://www.downtownakron.com/getting-around/parking, Fire up your taste buds for Northeast Ohio's favorite 4th of July Festival. Grill masters from Ohio, Texas and the Carolinas are always determined to prove they can serve up the best barbecue ribs and create the most smokin' sauce. Bring the whole family for barbecue bliss, rides, live music and sizzlin' summer fun! July 3-6, 2013, www.lock3live.com, Torchbearers hosted a Morning Connection event with GAR Foundation President, Christine Amer Mayer, this morning. Thank you for sharing your experiences and insights about our great community!, Are you interested in helping to make a positive impact on Downtown Akron? Come to the next MyAkron event at Canal Park tomorrow, June 25, to vote for the idea you think is best to improve our community. For additional information, visit  http://www.downtownakron.com/enjoy/myakron, Mark your Calendar for the 2013 United Way Day of Action on June 21st, where you can be a part of so many positive changes in our community that focus on improvements in education, income and health. Join Torchbearers at this awesome event! 

More information is available online: http://www.unitedway.org/take-action/united-way-day-of-action, If you haven't already, please RSVP for the 2014 Membership Reception by tomorrow, June 12. To RSVP, click the link below or visit www.TorchbearersAkron.com., null, Don’t forget to RSVP for our 2014 Membership Reception, which will be on Tuesday, June 18. https://www.facebook.com/events/269626369847504/ 

This year, our Membership Reception is sponsored by Akron General Health System and FirstEnergy. Thank you so much for your support!, Akron Developer Tony Troppe took our members on a tour of the Gothic Building as part of our May general membership meeting., null, Some fun photos to start your week off, from the ShutterBooth at our 10th Anniversary Reception., Did you get your new Akron Life? They have some great shots from our 10th Anniversary Reception!, Torchbearers Akron volunteered with members of Greater Akron Young Professionals Network this afternoon for Downtown Akron Partnership's Green & Clean Day!, Torchbearers volunteering this morning with Leadership Akron at Summit Lake Community Center., The renewed MOU between Torchbearers and Leadership Akron was mentioned in this week's West Side Leader., Did you get your new copy of Akron Life? Torchbearer Adam Rosenberger was featured with his dog, Hank., Our online application for the Torchbearers' Class of 2014 is now available on our website, http://TorchbearersAkron.com. Please encourage any young professionals that are interested in making a meaningful contribution to our community to apply., Last Saturday Torchbearers were up early packing nearly 10,000 lbs of meat at the Akron-Canton Regional Foodbank., Photo from last night's General Membership Meeting at Summa's Center for Health Equity. Thanks to Dr. Demond Scott, Roxia Boykin, Michael Dalton, and other Summa staff members for hosting us for an informative visit., Great new project for Akron. Kickoff meeting tomorrow night!, We're celebrating a decade of service this year; read about it on page D1 of today's Akron Beacon Journal! http://bit.ly/Y8GMqx, TB in the community! Congratulations to Torchbearers Kelly Price for being awarded with the Distinguished Sales & Marketing Award from SMEI and Amanda Leffler for being awarded the Movers & Shakers Award from Cleveland 20/30 Club!, Thank you to everyone who attended our anniversary reception yesterday! We enjoyed celebrating 10 years with all of you!, Photos by Autumn Bland Photography, We're looking forward to seeing everyone tonight for 10th Annual Anniversary Reception. Special thanks to our generous sponsors., null, We’re looking forward to our 10th Anniversary Reception! In order to plan, we’re asking for everyone to RSVP at http://www.torchbearersakron.com/calendar/.  

If you haven’t already, please let us know you’re coming by registering at that link, even if you’re already RSVPed on Facebook.  Thank you – we’ll see you there!, Torchbearers and other Akron YPs conducted mock interviews, resume critique, and what not to wear to an interview.  Guest speaker Derrick Ransom from Leadership Akron was fantastic., null, Strength Finders Training led by first year member Kevin Smith at The Akron Canton Regional Food Bank., Kyle Kutuchief, Vice President of Torchbearers will speak at the Akron Kiwanis meeting on Thursday, February 7. Please visit the Akron Kiwanis Club webiste for more information., Thank you to our members who volunteered at St. Bernard's today., We are at Austen BioInnovation Akron for our 2013 Kick-Off Retreat with a wonderful panel of speakers., We had a great time getting to know our 39 new members of the Class of 2013 last night at our New Member Orientation., Mark your calendars for our 10th Annual Anniversary Reception on Thursday, February 28. We're looking forward to it!, null, Check out this interactive holiday card from TRIAD/Next Level Interactive and vote for a local nonprofit to receive a donation., Want to see some great photos of our beautiful Metro Parks? Be sure and *LIKE* our friends over at the Metro Parks, Serving Summit County., Our very own Jonathan Morschl takes the spotlight for Greater Akron Young Professionals Network's December feature. Thanks for your commitment to Greater Akron, Jon!, Going to Akron Roundtable today? Looking forward to hearing Goodyear's Chairman, President and CEO speak about The Turnaround Story of Goodyear's North American Business. See you there!, My favorite thing about Akron is _______., Did you know Torchbearers Akron is on Twitter? Follow @TBakron today!, Congratulations to the 2013 Class!, Looking for something to do this weekend? Check out Lock 3 Akron, Ohio for skating, sledding, cottage shops, special events, art, history and the return of Archie the Talking Snowman!, We're proud to work hand-in-hand with Leadership Akron to foster leadership across generations in the Greater Akron community. Be sure to *LIKE* them on Facebook!, We're excited about new restaurants and bars in the Akron area, Baxters Bar and Highland Tavern. What other new restaurants have you tried lately?, null, Meet Kevin, a member of Torchbearers who is featured in the Young Professional Spotlight of the Greater Akron Young Professionals Network--, Our very own John Morschl was recently interviewed by The Akronist. Be sure to check out the wonderful article! , Check out Torchbearers Class of 2012 member Kevin McCauley in the YPN Spotlight! , Some members of Torchbearers had a unique opportunity for a behind-the-scenes tour at the Akron Zoo yesterday. Don't we have a wonderful zoo?, Article from today's Akron Beacon Journal highlighting Torchbearers' volunteer efforts doing neighborhood notification for the Akron Marathon., Did you miss our photos from the 2012 AkRun & Crawl? Be sure and tag yourself and your friends!, Knight Foundation Community Breakfast featuring BVU CEO Brian Broadbent September 25th at 8:30am.  Topic: Join The Talent Retention Movement.  Look for RSVP details in next week's TB Weekly., We had a great time at our sixth annual AkRun & Crawl this past weekend. Thanks to our sponsors, supporters and participants. Race results and photos have been posted on our website (links at the bottom of the page)., 2012 AkRun & Crawl. Additional photos: http://flic.kr/s/aHsjBw1XBL, It's not too late to join us for AkRun & Crawl tonight! You can register for the Run onsite behind the AES Building by Spaghetti Warehouse at 3:30, and you can register for the Crawl onsite at ZAR Nightclub & Martini Bar at 6:00 pm. Details at http://torchbearersakron.com/AkRun, AkRun and Crawl is this Saturday, and there's still time to register online: http://torchbearersakron.com/akrun. Hope to see you there!, Interested in being part of Torchbearers Akron Class of 2013? The deadline to apply is July 31st., Last Saturday, 7/21, TB & Friends were out volunteering at two location, the Foodbank, where they packed 4,290 lbs of meat, and the Hudson Wine Festival which benefited Pawsibilities, We're a month away from our sixth annual AkRun and Crawl. Have you registered yet? http://www.torchbearersakron.com/Akrun, Many recipients of the Greater Akron Chamber's "30 for the Future” award are Torchbearers. Congratulations leaders!, In the first 6 months of 2012, Torchbearers members have completed over 300 hours of community service through Torchbearers approved service events., null, Torchbearers would like to thank Maggie Harris and Matt McCallum from HFA for their presentation to our members on Strengths Building last night!, Today 20 Torchbearers helped sort and package over 7000 pounds of food at the Akron-Canton Regional Foodbank, June 9, 2012, Our very own Kyle Kutuchief was featured as an engaged young leader on the The Knight Foundation blog. Check out what he has the say about Akron., Torchbearers: Young professionals make their mark on Akron, null, Thank you to all of the potential members who attended the Membership Recruitment event tonight. We hope you learned more about Torchbearers and enjoyed speaking with our board members and committee co-leads that were in attendance., Eric Johnson from the University Park Alliance speaks to members about the future of Akron at Torchbearers' May General Membership Meeting. ^MW, Our wonderful Torchbearer volunteers at the Leadership Akron Progressive Akron Event., null, DID YOU KNOW?

Members of Torchbearers Akron have already donated more than 230 hours of service through various Torchbearers-Sponsored projects this year., Thank you to Leadership Akron for allowing Torchbearers to be a part of the first Progressive Akron event last night!, Check out this great video about how special Akron is and how far it's come with Mayor Don Plusquellic., null, Please join us at the Akron Bar Association on May 24 to learn more about becoming a member of Torchbearers Class of 2013., *LIKE* to say thanks to our volunteers that will be helping out in the Cuyahoga Valley National Park this morning with Leadership Akron Alumni and Junior Leadership Akron!, Torchbearers members with Goodwill Industries of Akron President and CEO Nan McClenaghan.  We held our last General Membership Meeting at their headquarters and got to tour the facility., Over 30 total members from Torchbearers volunteered to help prepare and serve meals at St. Bernard’s Church on January 29th and March 28th., ATTN Members: We will be volunteering at St. Bernards Hot Meals on March 28th from 4 pm-7 pm. Please contact Dave Talenda for more information or to sign up to volunteer at dtalenda@cohencpa.com Thank you!, ATTN MEMBERS: Don't forget our GMM tonight at Goodwill Industries of Akron with a tour of their facility by their VP of Retail Operations, Phil Stauffer. Post-meeting social will be at Ripper Owens Tap House. See you tonight!, null, null, Check out the article in this morning's Akron Beacon Journal outlining the support of The Knight Foundation in building young leaders in our community., Hi, TB's and friends. We are looking for team members and donations for the 7th annual Walk A Mile In Her Shoes® event. A great event that supports the Rape Crisis Center. It's Friday, April 27 starting at 5 PM at Lock 3. Visit http://www.firstgiving.com/fundraiser/torchbearersandfriendsWAMIHS12/fundraisingpage for more info!, null, null, Akron sure has some excellent community leaders! Thank you to all that attended our 9th Anniversary Reception this evening. Photos coming soon., We're looking forward to seeing everyone at our 9th Annual Anniversary Reception this Thursday! Akron is full of some great community leaders!, Torchbearers were proud to help with the 2012 Akron Children's Hospital Radiothon. Call 1-866-543-0981 until 6:00 PM on Saturday 2/11 to pledge your support!, Congratulations to Torchbearer Luke Taylor on a successful event serving as the co-chair for Red & White for the Arthritis Foundation, null, This evening 20+ Torchbearers volunteered their time to help serve meals at St. Bernards. A great time was had by all while serving the community. Thank you to those who came out!, As a part of our Morning Connections, a group of Torchbearers had an opportunity to see the Akron Police Department Training Center, a K-9 demonstration and participate in FATS training. Thank you to Capt. Daniel Zampelli and his team for hosting us this morning., Torchbearers receive a quick tour of the Akron-Canton Regional Foodbank at the beginning of their January General Membership Meeting. Thanks for showing us around your 85,000 square foot warehouse!, Great to meet all of the new members and see all of the 2nd year members at the icebreaker event last night! Going to be another great year for Torchbearers!, Congrats to the 2011 co-winners, Angie Rogers and Katie Lee, Please remember to VOTE in the general election today! Polls are open until 7:30 pm., As part of the Morning Connections program today, Torchbearers had the opportunity to meet with Dan Colantone, President & CEO of Greater Akron Chamber., Bernett Williams from Akron Children's Hospital and Chris Yuhasz from AMHA talk with the TB Class of 2011 about collaboration and leadership in our community., TB Class of 2011 Capstone Event going on now at Haven of Rest Ministries, Torchbearers' Communications Committee had the privilege of touring the Akron Beacon Journal today. What an amazing place! Many thanks to Sue and Bruce for showing us the ropes., Torchbearers would like to thank the Oriana House and guest speaker Bernie Rochford for hosting our General Meeting on Sept 27, a great asset to the community, Torchbearers would like to thank Summit County Executive Russ Pry for hosting an informal meeting with our members this morning as part of our Morning Connections program., null, Results from the 2011 Akrun 5K and Pub Crawl are posted at TorchbearersAkron.com/Akrun, Make sure to drink lots of water to hydrate yourself before the run today!, Torchbearers Class of 2011 participated in a Leadership Training Event led by Ann Otto on Thursday. Aug. 18, null, TB Class of 2011, don't forget, this Thursday is the Leadership Training Event on Generational Dynamics presented by Ann Otto at the Foodbank at 5:30. See you there!, Torchbearers was proud to be part of the Autism Family Foundation 2nd Annual Charity Cornhole Tournament! www.autismfamilyfoundation.org, Great day for some cornhole at the Autism Family Foundation!, Thanks to all of the Torchbearers that volunteered at the Foodbank Saturday. 1,350 lbs. of pasta was bagged, a new TB record!, null, Follow this link to register for the 2011 Akrun 5K and Pub Crawl, Congratulations to the following Torchbearers who were selected for Leadership Akron Class XXVIII: Current Member Jay Mellon and Alumni Ted Johnson, Tucker Marshall and Dana Lobalzo-Saporito., Don't forget that tomorrow's General Membership Day is picture day.  We'll be taking head shots for the directory.  If you already have a photo, please email it to me., TB had a great morning repacking granola into 1-pounds bags at the Akron-Canton Regional Foodbank., null, Like LAAA/JLA/Torchbearers Community Service Collaboration to receive updates on this great community service event!, Torchbearers General Membership Meeting tonight at 5:30pm. Don't forget the location change to UDS (use the link below if you need directions). See everyone shortly!, 2011 Torchbearers Anniversary Party at the Akron Zoo.  Photos by Scott Horstman, Torchbearers Akron is now on Facebook! Suggest us to your friends, family and co-workers to stay updated on what we're up to!, null)