List(Ready for the weekend? So are we! Stop in today between 4-8 or tomorrow noon-4 for some fresh, local beer! #BeverlyMA #craftbeer, Stop in today between Noon-4pm and we'll replace those Easter eggs with delicious, fresh #craftbeer #BeverlyMA, Need something for your Easter basket or to bring to Easter dinner? Stop in Friday between 4-8 or Saturday Noon-4. No one is ever disappointed with beer!, Looks like Spring is coming early for those of us who were expecting that nor'easter. Stop in and celebrate with a clean, crisp Blonde Ale! We're open until 4! #craftbeer #BeverlyMA, Sick of all that St. Patrick's Day stout? Didn't get enough of that St. Patrick's Day stout? Stop in tonight for a beer and take some home to share. We're open until 8!, Sláinte from the Gentile Family to you! Happy St. Patrick's Day!, If you come in now, you could get this surly bartender! We're open until 4!, Had a long day? Long week? Just want to #treatyoself? Gentile Brewing will be open today from 4 p.m. - 8 p.m. and tomorrow from Noon - 4 p.m.. Stop by for a taste, beer, or growler to take home!, Not doing anything right now? Tune into North Shore 104.9  to listen to us talking to Billy Costa and Jenny Johnson about the brewery!, Wow, just wow! We are so completely blown away by the support we received on our opening weekend. Thank you to everyone who stood in line and was patient with us as we continue to improve. We hope you enjoyed the beer as much as we enjoyed serving it. Here's to a kickass opening weekend, and hopefully the first of many to come! 
Cheers! 
Paul & Christen (Camille & Lady), First beers have been poured at A&B Burgers! Come join us!, Great write up from today's Boston Business Journal on the brewery. We can't wait for this weekend!, Want to get a preview of our four year-round beers before we officially open? Join us this Wednesday night at A&B Burgers as we officially launch our beer in Beverly! First keg is tapped at 6 p.m. Come be one of the first to taste our beer and have some delicious food!, null, We've spent the last few months waiting for this day! We can't wait to share our beer with you all very soon! More details on our site!, Having beer in glasses sure feels good. From left to right our, IPA, Porter and Blonde Ale. One more to brew, the Stout! So close we can taste it!, Big day today at the brewery. We officially started brewing! Getting closer and closer to bringing our beer to you! Cheers!, Big thanks to our friends over at The Salem News for this great write up on the brewery. Every day we're getting closer and closer and we can't thank our community enough for the positivity and support we've received! Cheers!, We had a great time talking with our local newspaper, the Beverly Citizen about the progress on the brewery. Check out the article!, Painting party at the brewery today. Can't say thank you enough to our friends who helped, and Camille of course., Big congratulations to our friends at A&B Burgers on their opening night in Beverly! Great food, great beer, great service!, If you build it they will come. Taproom bar is coming along!)