List(null, Dear Valued Guests,

On March 31st, 2016 we will be closing our doors as part of a pending sale. Bel Ari Italian Modern would like to thank you for everyone's support and patronage as it is sincerely recognized and appreciated. If you have made plans to join us in the Leather District, and/or are looking for your next restaurant to call home as lunch and after work, we welcome you to join us at our sister restaurant Les Zygomates French Bistro and Jazz Bar. Contemporary French Cuisine, Fine Wines, and Outstanding Jazz just a few doors down from Bel Ari Italian Modern., 

Again, we thank you for your support and look forward to serving you at Les Zygomates (@leszygomates and www.winebar129.com), Happy Easter from our family to yours!, We wouldn't mind finding this in our Easter basket tomorrow., Bel Ari Italian Modern made Foodable TV Top 25 List again for February! Thanks everyone for your support!, Sharing pictures > Sharing food.

Follow us on Instagram @bel_ari so we can see all of your fabulous Boston foodie pics! #belari, Slice the price with this awesome deal! Our thin crust pizzas are half priced during our Happy Hour Monday - Friday 4-7pm, Some say half full. Some say half empty. We say half shell., 'Modern Classics'...we got you covered in that regard at Bel Ari Italian Modern. Gin anyone?, We've got a little spring in our step. Warmer days are here again! #FirstDayOfSpring, That moment before the first bite... Happy Weekend! Make sure you savor every moment., Irish it was Friday... But don't worry, it's almost the weekend! Celebrate St. Patrick's Day and let's raise our glasses to #ThirstyThursday ! We'll see you at the bar., Looking for a Wednesday night pick-me-up? At Bel Ari, we're always dishing out happiness. Join us for dinner by making your reservations now (617) 259-1560, Where will you be when the clock strikes 5:00? Skip the commute and join us for drinks at Bel Ari!, On Pi Day We Slice The Price! http://bit.ly/1U6CFKD, Happy Daylight Savings! Although we're closed today, there's still plenty of time to celebrate. Put some spring in your step with a refreshing drink with us this week., It's National Eat Your Noodles Day! Make sure you celebrate accordingly and preview all of our Italian Modern pasta options: http://www.belariboston.com/menu/ #NationalEatYourNoodlesDay, Here's to hoping your hardest decision today is red or white #WineWednesday, Cooking is our craft. Enjoy flavor and authenticity “from all over the boot” with our classical offerings and contemporary interpretations. Book your reservations today for lunch M-F 11:30am - 2pm or dinner M&Tu 5-9pm or W-Sat 5-10pm

http://bit.ly/BelAriReserve, Thanks Faith for taking the time to review! 500+ reviews! Impressive! 

4.0 star rating 3/4/2016

We randomly strolled in here on a walk home from work one weekday and I have to say that it far exceeded my expectations!

Hidden on a not insanely busy street in the Leather District is this awesome little neighborhood joint. It's right next to Les Zygomates and I believe they may share an owner. 

I was shocked at how great the space is as you go back.  It really is a fabulous space, open and beautiful.  We tried a pizza, a pasta (the Bolognese) and had some vino.  Everything was good, especially that bolognese though. 

Service was quite spectacular as well.  Friendly, attentive, and informative as well (as it was our first time there). 

We will definitely be back!

I will be sure to give it a whirl again in the near future., Want to stay up-to-date on all the latest news from Bel Ari? Join our E-Club, there may even be a few perks! Click here to join: http://bit.ly/BelAriJoinEmail, We’re in the business of bringing friends together over great food and great wines., Today is National Employee Appreciation Day. We want to take this opportunity to honor ALL of our amazing employees here at Bel Ari and thank them for their hard work!

PC: Instagrammer @palleschiphotography, It's Friday, your taste buds have been waiting all week to indulge. Give into temptation and make your weekend reservations: http://bit.ly/BelAriReserve #TGIF

PC: Instagrammer @kcorbette1970 !, Great deal going on at Bel Ari featuring the 2007 Castelvecchio in San Casciano 'IL Brecciolino' Rosso Tocana IGT Tuscany, Italy. $15 a glass, $60 a bottle, When 'Like' isn't enough., Interesting Read

https://www.facebook.com/ariane.kelley/posts/10153230367066626, Dreaming of the sand? Bel Ari is featuring a new cocktail. The Old Havana...Papa's Pilar dark rum, sweet vermouth, molasses bitters, topped with ginger beer, Ready for our close up #Oscars, Turn a good weekend into a great weekend with dinner reservations at Bel Ari. We invite you to explore our menu beforehand at http://www.belariboston.com/menu/ and give us a call (617) 259-1560 to reserve your seat., It's Friday! Let’s end the week with friends and family at Bel Ari and enjoy authentic Italian Modern. Thanks to Instagrammer @ashlynstours for the pictures and be sure you tag us @bel_ari to share all of your foodie images., Happening tonight starting at 5pm. Bar Takeover., Let's test out the new Facebook reactions together! How does complimentary dessert make you feel? When you sign up for our eclub list you receive exclusive offers and promotions, don't miss out! http://bit.ly/BelAriJoinEmail, It's another one of Ashley's 'Bar Takeover' events this time featuring Papa's Pilar Rum. Join us Friday after work (5pm - close) and enjoy featured cocktails such as:

The Hemingway
Papa’s Pilar Blonde, Fresh Lime Juice, Grapefruit Juice, Maraschino Liqueur, Splash of Simple Syrup

OLD HAVANA
Papa’s Pilar Dark, Sweet Vermouth, Molasses Bitters, Ginger Beer

Cuba Libre
Papa’s Pilar Dark, Cola, Fresh Lime wedge, Bada Bing Cherry

Papa’s Pain Reliever
Pilar Blonde and Dark, Crème of Coconut, OJ, Pineapple Juice, Nutmeg and Orange Bitters

Bitters & Blonde
Papa’s Pilar Blonde, Ginger Beer, Angostura Bitter, Lime

Please Drink Responsibly
#papaknowshowtoparty
@papaspilar
#papaspilar, What better way to get through hump day than to get out of the office a little early to partake in 'pizza value'. 1/2 price pizza's from 4pm to 7pm!, We believe in celebrating All the 'good' holidays. February 22nd (today) is National Margarita Day. Sounds like a reason to celebrate to us. Join us at lunch or after work today and have Ashley and Ariane make you up our Italian version of a Marg., It's Friday! That's reason enough to celebrate and we made it even easier with 1/2 price wines. Come visit Ashley and Ariane and get out of the cold., Because wine....ICYMI, Good food is meant to be shared…well, at least on Instagram! Be sure to follow us @bel_ari

Use the hashtag #belari and you might see your photo featured on our Facebook page!, Calling all wine lovers, this Thursday is National Drink Wine Day! Let's celebrate accordingly, make it drink wine week with half price bottles of wine all week long., Warm up your taste buds with Bel Ari and give yourself the presidential treatment. Celebrate President's Day with delicious Italian Modern, it's what our forefathers would have wanted. #HappyPresidentsDay

Half Price Pizzas Mon - Fri 4-7pm, null, Satiate your hunger and follow us on Instagram @bel_ari to get an exclusive look at everything happening at Bel Ari. We stayed warm through last weekend’s bitter chill with this delicious drink. Don’t forget to tag us and share your images with us!, For many of us, a long weekend is a great time to get together with friends, family and loved ones, celebrate and break bread. This weekend is made for dining out, and we have a hunch you might be sitting down to a great Italian meal over the next few days. You can make reservations on Open Table or the mobile app Reserve., Celebrate Valentine’s Day in the heart of Boston’s Leather District! Enjoy an intimate dining experience this weekend as you toast to your loved ones. View our Valentine’s Day menu at http://bit.ly/BelAriValentineMenu, Not sure how we got missed as we are THE spot for a romantic and intimate Valentine's Dinner but Les Zygomates deserves a honorable mention. :), Warm up your taste buds with our Braised Short Ribs served with soft polenta, haricot verts, and a red wine sauce. For dinner reservations please visit http://bit.ly/BelAriReserve, Need a little pick me up? Join us for our #HappyHour specials such as ½ price thin crust pizza! Mon – Fri 4-7pm #HappyHour, This week, we're featuring the limited release of Troegs Nugget Nectar Imperial Amber and Attems Sauvignon Blanc. Stop by and end your work day with us! Find Ashley at the bar to see which drink will quench your Tuesday's thirst., Is that the thump thump of your heart or the tick tick of the clock counting down to Valentine's Day? Make your reservations today on Open Table., Bel Ari half price pizza Monday-Friday 4pm til 7pm!, Valentine's Day Sneak Up on You? We Saved You a Seat http://bit.ly/1QQrVwd, Sitting in and avoiding the weather? Good Idea! Also a good time to be planning out your Valentine's Weekend dinner date., Yikes...its definitely a late winter in New England. Bel Ari will be closed today due to the storm but our sister restaurant Les Zygomates is open for business. And not to worry, Ashley and Ariane will be back within days to keep things cheery and warm you up with a hot beverage or two. Here are just a few suggestions:, Love is sweet, just like our desserts. Make your Valentine’s Day reservations today and enjoy authentic Italian Modern cuisine with that special someone in your life. Make your reservations at: http://bit.ly/BelAriValentine, This weekend, we're challenging you to try something from our menu that you've never had before! Share your meals with us by tagging us on Instagram @bel_ari or use the ‘check in’ feature by adding the Bel Ari location., It's just a little dusting of snow. The doors are open and we are ready to serve you some Italian Modern comfort food and try Ariane's Winter Sangria!, Are you anticipating a February birthday? Become a preferred member of Bel Ari and receive a complimentary dessert for your birthday month! Your first gift is waiting and it's only one click away: http://bit.ly/BelAriJoinEmail, In honor of Phil the groundhog seeing his shadow recently, we’re celebrating #GroundhogDay with our featured cocktail of the week. Stop by Bel Ari and enjoy our "Casino Royale":
 
1.5 oz Tito's vodka
.5 oz Campari
.5 oz Grapefruit juice
.25 oz lemon juice 
Top with Prosecco
 
Cheers! Winter is on its way out, and warmer weather is on its way in., Have you made your Valentine's Day reservations yet?, Skip the leftovers and take your work meetings over to Bel Ari this week. Our lunch menu offers a variety of salads, Paninis, pizzas, and pastas. Then you too can enjoy a refreshing Antipasto Salad like Instagrammer @kcorbett1970

Monday – Friday | 11:30am – 2:00pm, Wine, Wine, Wine, Food, and then more wine. A great event to learn about food + wine and then when your have your palette trained up, treat your taste buds to dinner and wine at Bel Ari Italian Modern., Full price? Not this week. Enjoy our fresh and flavorful thin crust pizza at half the cost when you dine with Bel Ari Mondays – Fridays 4-7pm., The difference between a good weekend and a great weekend; the places you go and the experiences you have. Make your dining reservations with Bel Ari and expect to be spoiled with food, assume an animated atmosphere, prepare to indulge in fine wines, and anticipate reveling in smiles. Turn this into your weekend reality with just one click http://bit.ly/BelAriReserve, Have you had a chance to view our Valentine's Weekend Feature Menu yet?, This week we are featuring a classic prohibition cocktail that is one of Ashley’s personal favorites, "The Last Word."

1 part Gin
1 part Green Chartreuse
1 part Maraschino Liqueur
1 part lime juice

Stop by today and enjoy this handcrafted drink!, Happy National Chocolate Cake Day! How will you be celebrating? Indulge your sweet tooth on this special day with our Spoonful Chocolate Cake featuring pudding between two layers of dark moist chocolate cake, all smothered in chocolate-drenched cake chunks. Whether you want to share it or not is up to you #NationalChocolateCakeDay, http://bit.ly/BelAriValentine, Not ready for reality? Smooth into your work week with our Happy Hour Pizza Specials! Our delicious thin crust pizzas are 50% off Mondays – Fridays 4-7pm, The first step to making date night great: sign up for our e-club and enjoy a special gift at no extra cost to you http://bit.ly/BelAriJoinEmail, The weekend is calling… Thanks to Instagrammer @dianaxnic for planning our evening, null, Take a sip and enjoy the evening- Friday is nearly here. Join us for #HappyHour and half priced pizzas Mon-Fri | 4-7pm, Bringing it back to the bar to meet your match!, Our pasta has all of the flavors of Italy... without the jet-lag., We are open for business today for lunch and throughout the day, including for the after-work crowd and have our 1/2 pizza specials on from 4pm to 7pm., Bel Ari Italian Modern will be closed today in observance of the Martin Luther King Jr. Holiday., Italian food is all about the ingredients. Here at Bel Ari, we take a balanced and committed approach to locality, sustainability and seasonality. Our culinary team frequents farmers markets, works with local fishermen, and nurtures relationships with some of the country’s best vendors and importers. Pastene is one of those vendors and importers that provide real ethnic Italian cuisine at its finest. Together we bring you authentic and flavorful Italian Modern meals to your table., Another succesful Tap Takeover at Bel Ari Italian Modern! Ashley is already planning the next event so stay tuned and get ready to mark on your calendar as these sociable and tasty events are becoming all the scene in the Leather District., Raise your hand if you could use a drink. Like this post if you could use two. Thanks to @ErickP for the great shot! We know where we’ll be celebrating this weekend :), Add more hop to your week by helping us celebrate #ThirstyThursday with today’s Tap Takeover!, You're Invited to Thursday's Tap Takeover! http://bit.ly/1J3sDWQ, Congratulations you made it to hump day! Let’s celebrate with 50% off pizza specials Monday – Friday 4-7pm. A deal so good it’ll feel like the weekend #HumpDay #HappyHour, Look who made the Foodable Top 25 Restaurants list in December and slowly climbing up the charts!, Looking for some value offerings as those Christmas credit card bills start to roll in? Well, we have you covered. Come try our 1/2 price pizza's at Bel Ari Italian Modern Mon-Fri from 4pm to 7pm our join us at our sister restaurant Les Zygomates for $1 oysters Mon-Fri from 4pm to 7pm., Are you celebrating a birthday this January? Join our e-club and receive a sweet surprise to help you celebrate your special day! Sign up now at http://bit.ly/BelAriJoinEmail, Happy weekend! Our New Year's resolution was to eat more fruit. Drinking wine counts, right? Unwind from the work week and enjoy a glass of our wine of the week: 2010 Barolo, 'Leccinquevigne' Damilano., BostonChefs.com listing Bel Ari Italian Modern as one of their 'Insider's Guide' selections for Dining in Boston. Come and see/taste what the Insider's know! :), Yes! It's the weekend! And some good news looking ahead into upcoming weeks...Ashley has another one of her "Tap Takeovers' scheduled. Mark you calendar to join us January 14th from 5pm to 7pm. Lineup of frosty goodness to be on tap coming soon., We loved celebrating 2016 together and seeing your best Bond attire this New Year’s Eve! Check out this quick slideshow courtesy of Bel Ari Instagrammers: http://www.photosnack.com/KatFish/belarinewyearseve.html, Try And Top These Savings! 50% Off Pizzas Monday - Friday 4-7pm http://bit.ly/1ITpNUm, Might want to sneak out of the office a little early today...Budweiser is stopping by Bel Ari and sampling their Best Damn Root Beer.Join us and “Throw back a throwback.” http://www.bestdamn.com/, Wine Wednesdays at Bel Ari Italian Modern. This week Ashley has selected the 2010 Barolo, 'Leccinquevigne' Damilano from Piedmont, Italy as her pick of the week.

The color is deep ruby red with orange hues. The bouquet is intense with tertiary notes of rose, leather, tobacco and subtle hints of violet. Ample and embracing flavors with prevailing impressions of a persistent finish. Perfect for grilled red meat and raw milk cheeses such as cheddar and provolone., Our New Year’s resolution is to order something new off the menu. With our half-off pizza special its never been easier! Try our delicious Italian modern pizzas at half the cost Monday – Friday 4-7pm, Happy National Spaghetti Day! Celebrate with Bel Ari pastas “from all over the boot” and enjoy delicious Italian flavor. Call us at (617) 259-1560 to make your reservation today! #NationalSpaghettiDay, Had your fill of bubbles? Well, come have Ashley or Ariane make you a specialty cocktail like a winter margarita or one of their personal specialty cocktails., Ready to ring in 2016? Celebrate the start of a great year with a fabulous meal! Make your reservations at http://belariboston.com/reservations/, Bel Ari doors open at 5pm tonight. Come join us for an authentic modern Italian experience., null, null, 10…9…8… Where will you be when the clock strikes midnight this New Year? Show off your best Bond with Bel Ari’s Casino Royale New Year’s Eve event tonight! Tickets are still available at http://iheartthenight.com/product/nye-belari/, 1 day away from the big night. Have you booked your tickets yet?http://iheartthenight.com/product/nye-belari/, Boston made the #5 spot for Zagat’s ‘The Top 17 Food Cities of 2015.’ There’s only a few days left before the New Year, so dine with Bel Ari and enjoy delicious Italian Modern to discover why Boston is one of the greatest food cities you can’t miss out on!

https://www.zagat.com/b/the-top-17-food-cities-of-2015, Just a couple days away! Lock in your tickets today., Had your fill of turkey and the standard Christmas fare? Join us from 4pm to 7pm for 1/2 price authentic thin crust Italian pizzas...and of course as nice glass of Italian wine!, This weekend was a flurry of holiday festivities and the celebrations continue as we countdown to New Year’s Eve! Show us your best Bond by joining us for our NYE Casino Royale party! For more information visit: http://iheartthenight.com/product/nye-belari/, We hope that everyone had a fantastic time with family and friends over the last couple of days. 1 more big event in the season, have you confirmed your plans yet? http://iheartthenight.com/product/nye-belari/, Merry Christmas to you and your family from all of us at Bel Ari! Just a reminder we will be closed today and reopen on Monday. Happy holidays!, Merry Christmas Eve! However, if you forgot someone on your list and need last minute gift ideas, it can be not so merry. But not to worry! There’s still time to spread holiday cheer with our Bel Ari gift cards!, Tis the season to eat, drink and be merry, and at Bel Ari you can enjoy all three! Just a reminder, we’ll be closed on Christmas Eve and Christmas Day, but celebrate the post-holidays with us starting Saturday!, Bel Ari Italian Modern selected as OpenTable #LocalDinersChoice Boston local pick this month!”, Whether naughty or nice, you deserve a slice! Join us for our Happy Hour Pizza Specials from Monday – Wednesday 4-7pm and enjoy our flavorful Italian Modern pizzas for 50% off!, Happy Holidays & Hello 2016! http://bit.ly/1J3be0e, Just a little over a week away. Have you confirmed your New Year's plans yet? http://iheartthenight.com/product/nye-belari/, Want a sweeter Sunday? Join our e-club and become a preferred member where you’ll receive exclusive offers and promotions. Sign up now and see what your first surprise will be at http://bit.ly/BelAriJoinEmail, null, null, Our desserts are always on the nice list. Book your dining reservations for this weekend and indulge your holiday sweet tooth at http://belariboston.com/reservations/, Never been to Bel Ari Italian Modern before? Come see (and taste) why Bel Ari is receiving 4 Star reviews on TripAdvisor and Yelp!, Still don't know where you'll be counting down on New Year’s Eve? Grab some friends and come into Bel Ari for our glamorous Casino Royale affair. With James Bondesque cocktails, music, dancing, prizes, and casino inspired games, it’ll be the end-of-the-year event you won’t want to miss. Buy your tickets for only $35 at http://iheartthenight.com/product/nye-belari/, There's Still Time to Give & Receive! http://bit.ly/1RkM7Zx, Make your Monday feel more like a fun day by joining us for our happy hour special of half priced pizza. Not only are you skipping the rush hour commute, but you get to enjoy delicious pizzas at half the cost. Talk about a double celebration! Monday – Wednesday | 4 – 7 PM, Let’s ring in 2016 with a 007 Bang!, Tis the season of giving, and Bel Ari is here to help. Purchasing a $100 gift card not only gives someone on your list a taste of delicious Italian Modern, but you’ll receive a personal gift card of $10 AND an additional $5 donation will be made to the local No Kid Hungry. Happy holidays indeed!, Friday nights were made for meals like this. Join us for your holiday weekend celebrations and you too could enjoy tasty Italian Modern!, New Year's tickets now on sale for Bel Ari's Casino Royale themed soiree. Tickets are available through I heart the night. More information available here. http://iheartthenight.com/product/casino-royale-bel-ari/, null, This holiday season, book your holiday parties with Bel Ari! Join our e-club to become a preferred member and receive exclusive promotions and offers: http://bit.ly/BelAriJoinEmail, Great turnout for the neighborhood holiday party. Full house of smiling faces. Thanks to everyone for joining us!, Feel like skipping out of work a little early today to spend some casually socializing with friends? Well get here at 4pm when its half-price pizza's and Ashley is testing out recipes for her new cocktail menu., For the season give the gift where everyone partakes in the goodwill. When you purchase a Bel Ari Italian Modern gift card at a value of $100 or more, you will also receive a personal Gift Card for $10 and an additional $5 donation will be made to the local No Kid Hungry where every $1 raised can feed a child 10 meals., Hi To All,
Exciting news, the @leather district neighborhood association       Holiday Party is set for tonight at Bel Ari Italian Modern at 7 p.m. Cash bar. Food courtesy of Mark and Mariann Tosi. There will also hold a raffle at the event for two Red Sox tickets to help raise funds for the Leather District holiday decorations. Hope to see everyone there., Oh Sunday. Unfortunately it signifies the end of the weekend, but lucky for you it also means our Happy Hour Pizza Specials are right around the corner. Monday - Wednesday 4-7pm enjoy our tasty pizzas at half price. Thanks to @phantomgourmet for the mouth-watering picture, Want to travel this winter season? Sign up for Bel Ari and Les Zygomates Progressive Dining where you begin your meal in Italy and end it in France. Watch this appetizing video from NESN, mm mm mm, Cheers to the first holiday weekend, what fun festivities do you have planned? Join us in the celebration by booking your reservations at http://belariboston.com/reservations/ Happy Friday!, Did you know that Bel Ari Italian Modern has 1/2 price pizza's everyday from 4pm-7pm Mon thru Friday., Set you Apple watches...the countdown is on. 4 hours till the 'Tap Takeover' at Bel Ari Italian Modern hosted by Goose Island Brewery., The holidays are a time for celebration and Bel Ari is the place to be! We offer private parties and beautifully decorated rooms to give your companies the treat they deserve. Add in our delicious Italian Modern dishes and it'll be an enjoyable night for all. Book your reservations now at 617-259-1560, It's a 'Tap Takeover' as Ashley and the folks from Goose Island Brewery host another Draught Night at Bel Ari. The line up for tomorrow night's event (from 5pm to 7pm) is as follows:
- Goose Island IPA | English IPA
- 312 Unfiltered Urban Wheat Ale
- Goose Island Honkers | English Style Bitter
- Sofie | Belgian Style Farmhouse Ale
- Matilda | Belgian Style Pale Ale
- Bourbon County Brand Stout | Imperial Stout
- Bourbon County Barleywine | English style Barleywine
- Blue Point Armchair Stout | Dry Irish Stout, null, Oh...you know you have just a little more room. Indulge yourself with any of our hand-crafted desserts made in house. Watching your waistline...it's okay to share., We hope that everyone had a fantastic Thanksgiving weekend. Just letting everyone know that we are back to our regular hours of operation. Including being open for 'sociables' after work. Ask Ashley or Mark what rare specialties and bin ends that we have on the holiday vino list. Saluti!, Just a reminder that Bel Ari Italian Modern will be closed this evening (Friday Nov 27th) so our management and staff can spend time with family and friends. We look forward to serving you again tomorrow starting at 5pm. Buon Tacchino!, We hope you have a Happy Thanksgiving and wonderful holiday weekend!, Early morning photo shoot and tasting of Chef Andres new winter menu which goes live on Monday. New dishes include: Fried oysters with pickled onions, roasted red pepper aioli; Winter Caprese Salad; Wild Salmon Filet w/ chive potato puree, grape tomato/basil salsa; Braised Short Rib w/ soft polenta, haricot verts; "Spoonful" Chocolate Cake! All = delicioso!, We hope that everyone has a fantastic Thanksgiving week/weekend. After you have had your fill of turkey for the season, think of Bel Ari Italian Modern for your office holiday season parties and for lunch time/after-work sociables., null, We hope you all have a happy and safe Halloween!, Looking for a unique, personal way to customize your special day? Our own Pastry Chef Bailey Reynolds shared her fortune cookie recipe perfect for an Edible Wedding Favor! Boston Magazine, Happy #WineWednesday! Come celebrate with us., null, Cheers to the weekend., Happy Boston Cream Pie Day! Chef Bailey Reynolds’ take on this classic Boston treat is available at dinner tonight! Thanks Boston Magazine, null, Join us for our Oktoberfest tap take-over on Thursday October 22nd!, Check out what Taryn had to say about our progressive dinner! beforeitsnews.com, Owner Mark Tosi spotted at the Champy Launch Party last week! Boston Herald, Cheers to the weekend!, Owner Mark Tosi with Jenny Johnson, Steve DiFillippo, Jeff Gates, and Shannon Pastuszak at the Champy launch party last night!, So glad you enjoyed your meal, Julie. We look forward to having you back soon!, Our Arancini Di Riso with goat cheese, basil & onion marmalade., With one taste of our penne a la vodka you will be instantly transported to Italy., Happy Columbus Day! We’re open our regular hours today, join us!, Weekends and seafood risotto, what could be better?, Did you miss our own Mark Tosi on RadioBDC with Julie Kramer yesterday? Tune in here!, Owner Mark Tosi on RadioBDC with Julie Kramer today!, Honored to be a part of @ginachuchutrain birthday celebrations last week., The cure to your sweet tooth., Fresh bread anyone?, Heading into Boston for Harpoonfest? We're 2 minutes walking distance from South Station. Stop by when you get in! #Beantown, Just in case you weren’t hungry. You’re welcome., You’ve made it half way through the week. Reward yourself., Our caprese salad made with sliced vine-ripened tomatoes, fresh mozzarella, basil leaves and basil oil topped with chicken. We think you’ve found your next dinner spot., It’s Monday. You deserve a drink. Our Nuova cocktail is waiting for you. #BostonMA, The North End isn't the only area with authentic Italian food. Come find out what you’ve been missing #LeatherDistrict, Our Italian melt is on Zagat list of 9 New Must-Try Grilled Cheese Sandwiches, Our new fall Lemon olive oil chiffon cake is a must try. #BostonFoodies, We know how to survive in Italy, do you? Take a look at this fun article about adopting to the authentic, Italian culture., Sometimes you just need a little dessert to get you through the week… Do you love tiramisu as much as we do? Make your own at home with the help of Giada De Laurentiis’ recipe, We don’t mess around when it comes to chips and dip., Our Cheese Ravioli with Brown Butter & Sage will have your mouth watering for more!  Here’s a way to make your own at home! Food Network, Great shot thanks to @palleschiphotography., Electronic ordering across all platforms.  See what events manager Jeri Painten thinks the future of dining will look like. Eater Boston, Our New Fall Deserts are here: Introducing: chilled chocolate cake made with flourless chocolate cake, raspberry gelee and blackberry coulis! And, lemon mousse cake made with lemon olive oil chiffon, lemon mousse and mint meringue!, All you need now is a few bottles of wine & your party planning is complete. Call us for off-site catering, your guests will thank you., I mean, who doesn’t love avocado? #Foodie, When life gives you weekends, eat pizza, Head over to Fenway Park and donate blood today in remembrance of 9/11. #NeverForget911, We offer off site catering! Check out these shots from our Fooda catering event at the Prudential Center!, Our pastry chefs are hard at work planning the new fall menu items. Who’s ready for the overload of pumpkin spice and apple crisp?, Just in case you were in need of a laugh… or a drink. Swing by!, A Tuesday after a long weekend calls for a drink. Swing by our bar and unwind with us. #BostonMA, Happy Labor Day! We hope you all are having a great weekend., Scallops done right. #Foodie, Happy Labor day weekend! Don’t let the stress get to you about hosting your Labor Day cookout. Greatist has some great tips., We love making fresh homemade pasta for you to enjoy! Learn how to make your own via Food Network and impress all your dinner guests!, Celebrate your #HumpDay with pizza, because there is no better way! #BostonFoodie, Happy move in day to all the students in Boston. We know you’ll be famished after a long day of moving so be sure to stop by! We’re open for lunch from 11:30AM to 2PM and dinner 5PM-9PM., Gnocchi isn’t gnocchi unless it’s homemade! #BostonFoodie, Happy Friday! Come celebrate with us in Boston’s #LeatherDistrict, One bite of our Tomato Bruschetta crafted with toasted garlic focaccia, diced tomatoes, basil and fresh mozzarella cheese and you will be immediately transported to the streets of Italy. #BostonFoodie, We’re ready for you on this beautiful Wednesday. We are open for lunch from 11:30AM to 2PM and dinner 5PM to 9PM! #BostonMA, Thinking of going out to dinner tonight? This will make your mind up for you. We are open from 5-9PM. #BostonFoodie, Thanks to @BudsofBoston for this great shot of our bar & beer taps! #Boston, Saturdays are perfect for leisurely strolls through #Boston and specialty cocktails. Come join us., The calm before the storm! Escape the rain and celebrate your Friday night with us. #Boston, If you host your event with us we can promise you’ll get a lot more than these lobster mac and cheese samples… But just to give you a visual. #BostonEvents, Heading to the #RedSox game tonight? Swing by before for a quick bite to eat & a drink before the game in the #LeatherDistrict. We open at 5PM!, Our Shrimp and Lobster Potato Gnocchi made with rock shrimp, lobster, oyster mushrooms & lobster cream sauce will blow your mind. #BostonFoodie, Going out with a large party after work? We’ve got the perfect spot for you. Walk in, or call to reserve! #BostonMA, Trying to decide where to go to dinner tonight? Does this change your mind? We figured it would., It’s finally the weekend. Time to relax, unwind and enjoy yourself! Come celebrate with us! #BostonMA, No better place to celebrate #ThirstyThursday than at our bar! Come treat yourself, it’s been a long week. #BostonMA, One bite of our Tiramisu and we promise you’ll be hooked! #BostonFoodie, null, Our Bel Ari Mussels are tossed in a White Wine Garlic Sauce, Parsley, Roasted Tomatoes & served with a Garlic Crostini and we can guarantee just one bucket won’t be enough., Another long week finally over! Come celebrate with us, we’re ready for you., In the mood for a sweet treat? Try our Grand Marnier Volcano Cake; a warm chocolate cake complemented with orange scented ice cream. #BostonFoodie, Happy #NationalOysterDay! Come by and enjoy our oysters fried to perfection topped with pickled onion and roasted pepper aioli #BostonMA, Learn about the talented local artist, Janice Eve Dale who creates beautiful artwork specifically for our restaurant!, Bel Ari is offering half price pizzas daily in the bar from 4 - 7 tell your friends, come on in and stay cool ...wait out the traffic and enjoy your commute with a full belly #pizza @belariboston #belariboston #boston #notrafficafter7, Check out our featured offer on GILT CITY, Our new menus went live yesterday!   Stop in and experience some delicious summer selections!  Lunch, Bar, and Dinner menus all updated!  Make your reservation using Reserve.com and they will buy your first app or round of drinks!  Download their app and enter promo-code BelAri to take advantage of their $25 offer!
http://belariboston.com/reservations/, Watch the segment Phantom Gourmet recently aired from Bel Ari, We will be offering 1/2 price pizza Monday, Tuesday, and Wednesday this week .... stop in and give us a try, Click below to preview our dinner specials for tonight http://belariboston.com/specials/, null, Come in tonight for a fresh glass of this Strawberry Lime Rose Sangria or try one of our delicious dinner specials http://belariboston.com/specials/#, Check out this deal with the latest reservation app we are using http://belariboston.com/reservations/, Happy National Iced Tea Day!!
Cocktail special for the day, razberi stoli with fresh brewed iced tea! Beat the heat and stop in for a cold one!, We had such a good time last night at the Taste of the Nation Event and wanted to share some photos of all of the great people and companies who also came out to support this campaign  #tasteofboston #nokidhungry, We are so proud to support #nokidhungry at #tasteofboston on June 9th. 1 in 5 children are hungry. Let's change that! 
Belariboston.com, We are so proud to be part of such a great cause, Taste of the Nation on June 9th to support the fight to end childhood hunger. Join us for an incredible night! #tasteofboston #nokidhungry Tickets at www.nokidhungry.org/Boston, Kona beers on draft!!! Sangria made with Stella cidre in red or white?!? What more would you need on a hot summer day!!, Tonight is our monthly tap take over from 5pm to close!  Come join us it will be a Tiki theme!  Enjoy great beer on draft from Kona brewery. We are also starting our new bar menu today. Come see Amanda and Ashley on the bar tonight for great beer, sangria and bar food!, Don't forget to check us out on Phantom Gourmet on TV38 at 11am today!!  We are so excited to be apart of the show., Check us out on Phantom Gourmet tomorrow at 11am!!!  We are so excited to be on the show.

https://www.phantomgourmet.com/tv-page, Not false advertising... Oh and yeah the beers are cold.😏 #belari #beers #draftsondrafts @akompass, This Wednesday evening at our sister restaurant Les Zygomates Sommelier Seth Mandeville will be doing Wine Tasting Wednesday at 7pm.  This month we will feature wines from the Loire Valley paired with Columbian cuisine.  We still have a few seats left please call to make your reservations at 6175425108.  Please specify you would like be apart of this great event., Visit our sister restaurant this sunday for Mother's Day brunch.  We still have a few availabilities., Come join us today for lunch from 11:30 to 2:00pm!!!  We have some great lunch specials as well as our a la carte menu available., Spring has sprung on South Street.  Join us for a business lunch, late afternoon cocktail or a dinner affair!, Celebrate Mom! http://conta.cc/1KGKG1t, null, Come Join us on Saturday for such a great cause, null, The Blue Hill Weather Observatory presents
141st Kentucky Derby "RUN FOR THE ROSES” Fundraiser
this saturday from 4 to 7pm @ bel_ari.  
Please visit www.bluehill.org for more information or to buy tickets for this wonderful event., @harpoonbrewery will be @bel_ari tomorrow!! Bring some friends and have some beers!! #tapsontaps #beehsked #bostonbeer #harpoonbrewery #taptakeover #beersocial #belari, It's that time again! Tuesday April 28th we will be featuring Harpoon Brewery for our monthly tap take over! Starts at 5pm, bring some friends and enjoy some great beer from one of Boston's best breweries!, Pastry Chef Bailey is busy testing out some new desserts! Frangelico, and espresso mousse with whipped cream! #yummm feel bad for us, she MADE us try it. #roughlife, Happy Marathon Monday and Patriots Day Boston!! We will be open for lunch and dinner today, stop in and see us!, Friday night special, yes please!!!
With Alejandro and the awesome kitchen staff behind the line you won't be disappointed! Tonight, charred Spanish octopus, salsa verde, chickpeas and olives. Yum!!, One of this weeks hearty and tasty specials;
Shell pasta, asparagus, goat cheese and prosciutto tossed in a basil cream sauce!! Stop in for lunch and try this special along with a signature deep dish pizza and chicken piccata specials!!
#italianmodern #weeklyspecials #yum #nofilter, Lunch date or meeting tomorrow? Can't go wrong with Caprese salad and add any protein!
Yum!!!, It's back! Blue Point Brewery Sour Cherry Imperial Stout! Limited batch and we were lucky enough to get the last few barrels! Stop in for a pint and to see our lovely bartenders Amanda, Ashley and Danyele!! #belari #beersked #belaribeauties #bluepoint #sourcherry, Thinking of the best place to host your next party? Look no further! Contact our event manager Jeri, jeri@winebar129.com to book your next event!
Follow us on Instagram! @bel_ari, https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dU_in_BNJlg

Be sure to stop by Bel Ari on your way home for some Feel Good!, Felix is in the house making today's fresh gnocchi!! As good as my grandmothers! Xo Bel Ari, See you soon!, Thirsty#Bel Ari#Leather District, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, Don't forget to join us for our Spring Fling Draught Night this Friday 5p-7p!! Good friends, good beers and your fav bartenders Amanda and Ashley, sounds like a perfect Friday night!, #beautifulbelari Some new touches to the already beautiful space. #belaribeauties #decor #personaltouches #ambiance follow us on Instagram @bel_ari, Birthday Bash!  @ Bel Ari with BEL and friends., null, null, null, It's that time again!! Come join us for our Spring Fling Draught Night to kick off the first day of spring! March 21st from 5p-7p save it in your calendars!! Fun fresh spring beers from some of our fav breweries! Stay tuned for more hints!!, These hot little numbers are a crowd pleaser! It's a game - one of the peppers found in the bunch has a real kick. Order as a group and find out who the lucky winner is!, It appears spring is knocking on our door! The forecast calls for a lighter, refreshing fare. We look forward to seeing you!, The reviews (and POS stats) are in...without question, Chef Robert Fathman's Potato Gnocchi with rock shrimp, oyster mushrooms, and lobster sauce from the Bel Ari menu continues to be a crowd favorite. Please join us, it is our pleasure to serve you!, Bel Ari accepts online reservations through OpenTable.  Book your table today!! http://bit.ly/1DBrvD9, Its that time again! Join us tomorrow from 5p-730p (or until close) for our monthly draught night featuring Goose Island!! We will have bourbon county stout people! Bring your friends and have some beers!!, Check out Yelp's review of the day.  Thank you Michael C. for the wonderful feedback, and hope to see you and Franci soon!!

http://www.yelp.com/boston, Great review Brian R!!  Thanks for the feedback, and can't wait to see you again next door at our sister property Les Zygomates.

http://www.yelp.com/biz/bel-ari-boston?hrid=Ne1rLB13gWRKHUY87o_cfA, Happy Valentine's Day!! Love is in the air tonight, but unfortunately so is more snow. Bel Ari will be open tonight, but please give us a call if you need to reschedule your reservation., Goose Island Draught Night is 10 days away!!
https://www.facebook.com/The.Patrick.Kenney/posts/10152688879169087, Don't let another snow storm ruin your Valentine's Day.  Bel Ari will be running our Valentine's Day specials Friday and Saturday.  We still have openings available for Friday night.  Give us a call and make your reservations now before it's too late., Oh my special! Veal piccata with mashed potatoes and grilled asparagus. Veal from our favorite farm @creamhillveal. How can you go wrong with fresh veal, capers and tomatoes over potatoes?! #wholesome #goodness #foodporn #specialsfordays #lunchisserved #creativeeats #belari, Open for business!!  The pizza oven is on and bar will be open at 4pm tonight.  If you are in the neighborhood come in and visit us., https://www.facebook.com/kristin.zdonek/posts/10206381178311562, Due to the inclement weather, parking ban, and MBTA shutdown Bel Ari will be closed for lunch.  If you have dinner reservations please call ahead to confirm, and safe travels out there., null, How time flies!! (Pun intended 😉)
Join us for our monthly draught night Tuesday February 24th from 5p-730p special guest Goose Island Beer Co.! Come out and have some of your favs or try something new! In the lineup special feature and limited release, Bourbon County Stout! #beersofafeather #budsofboston #bourboncounty #gooseisland #friends #fun #beers #belari #goose #draftsondrafts, The best way to avoid cabin fever is to get out for hot meal before the snow hits.  So come in and join us tonight before we all get snowed in again this weekend!!  #boston #blizzard2015 #italianmodern, Don't get caught out in the cold, make your Valentine's Day reservations now.  Give us a call, there are still reservations available., Bel ArI will be closed tonight due to the inclement weather. We will reopen tomorrow for Lunch service. Safe travels out there everyone., Don't let a little snow keep you inside. Bel Ari is open for business!, Its almost GAME TIME!! Lets go Patriots!! #gopats #boston #Superbowl, Its almost time!! Tap takeover today 5pm-7pm hosted by Blue Point Brewery! Come out and enjoy some awesome draft beers! Try something new, have your favorite!, Bel Ari's Bar and Pizza Oven will be open tonight at 4pm.  Get out of the cold, and stop in and see us for a glass of wine and a hot Margherita Pizza!!, Bel Ari will be closed tonight and tomorrow due to the winter storm warning.  If you have a reservation for Wednesday please check back or give us a call at 617-259-1560 to confirm.  We will also be moving our Blue Point Tap Take Over Event, scheduled for Wednesday, to this Friday.  Stay warm and safe travels out there!!, It's never too early to make your Valentines Day reservations. Here is a look at our Valentines Day specials., Braised Pork Shank one of our new winter menu items. A 22oz pork shank a perfect dish for a cold winter night. A large portion, very warm and satisfying!!, Toasted Lager anyone? Join us and Blue Point Brewery on Wednesday January 28th from 5p-7p for a tap take over! Blue Point reps will be here to talk about all the great featured beers. Here is a sneak peek of some of the beers we will be featuring, stay tuned! Stop in and try something new! #bluepointbrewery #belari #taptakeover #bostonfun
Follow us on Instagram @bel_ari, Its cold out today in Boston, so come on in and enjoy a nice, hot pizza - hand made, with only the freshest ingredients. We're open for dinner at 5pm! #italianfood #whatsfordinner #bostonrestaurants, The #Ihaveadream speech is one of the greatest speeches known to #America. Bel Ari has a dream of keeping Boston away from hunger, Italian values of family and tradition, and only serving the highest quality of food. Join us in realizing our dream. 

LIKE and SHARE with others if YOU too have a Dream., In remembrance of Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. #MLK Bel Ari will not be open today. We will begin normal operations on Tuesday. We hope everyone enjoys their day off, and never forget what MLK did for us! 
#mlkday2015, Tonight we are serving this Whole Roasted Pig; cold brined over night, roasted for 4 hrs, with your choice of sides.  Invite 10-15 of your closest friends and family, and contact us 48hrs in advance.  For information and booking of Pig Roasts, or private events contact our Event Coordinator Jeri Painten at 617.542.5108, Jeri@winebar129.com, Get out of the cold, and stop by tonight for Chef Jason's Classic Italian Osso Buco!! It's a Milanese speciality of cross cut veal shanks braised with vegetables, white wine, and broth. Served with a gremolata over our homemade saffron risotto. #classicitalian #ossobuco #whatsfordinner #localeats, Bel Ari and Pastene are proud to have the opportunity to support the MDA Muscle Team and participate in the upcoming event., Happy New Year! Wishing the best for everyone in the upcoming year. If you have not confirmed where you will be celebrating this evening, join us at Bel Ari Italian Modern and bring in the New Year in style. We still have a few tix available., The eve before New Year's Eve. Time to connect with friends and shore up your plans. We still have tables available and are featuring a prix-fixe menu. Call in for reservations., An amazing dinner in one what has been voted one of Boston's Best New Restaurants of 2014. What better way to ring in the New Year!, 4 More Days! Have you confirmed your reservations yet? 

New Year Eve 2014
Reservations before 7pm $75
Reservations after 7pm $85 (with a champagne toast at midnight)
with Wine suggestions additional $40

Whipped Ricotta with Bread Service

First

Cream of Mushroom Soup, Truffle Oil
Arugula Salad, Plump Golden Raisins, Pine Nuts, Ricotta Salada

Second

Baked Lobster Mac & Cheese
Pizzetti, Soprestta, Chili Oil, Mozzarella
Seared Foie, Almond Torta, Sour Cherry Glace 
Linguini, Grilled Shrimp, Linguicia, Smoked Tomato Ragu
Forno Roasted Octopus, Sardinia Couscous, Preserved Lemon, Hot Chili Peppers
Oven Roasted Cauliflower, Babaganoush, Marjoram, Black Garlic Vinaigrette

Third

Porchetta
Broccoli Rabe, Heirloom Apple Smalto
Roasted Beef Tenderloin
Whipped Potatoes with Roasted Garlic, Beech Mushrooms & Barollo Wine Sauce
Cornish Game Hen
Stuffed with Chestnuts, Cipollini, Winter Greens & House Cured Bacon
Sauteed Salmon Fennel Puree & Fennel Pollen, Charred Brussels Sprouts, Red Kuri Squash & Grapefruit Buerre Blanc
Baked Cod Bacallà-Yukon Gold Potato Puree, Pancetta, Steamed Cockles, Olive Oil & Thyme

Dessert

Tiramisu, Mascarpone Cream, Espresso savoiardi
Cranberry Pear Crisp with Cardamom Ice Cream
Gianduja Bavarian, Candied Hazelnuts
Pistachio Bundt Cake, Pomegranate Seeds, Vanilla Crema, null, What a beautiful day in Boston! Just a reminder that we are open for dinner and sociables again starting at 5pm tomorrow evening. Look forward to serving you. Enjoy the sunshine today!, We hope that everyone has a safe and happy holiday week/weekend. From all the staff, management and owners at Bel Ari  Italian Modern...a Merry Christmas. We will be open for business again Friday at 5pm., It's the big holiday week push. Are you thinking about martini's and cocktails? Join us after work and before/after your Christmas parties for a 'sociable' at Bel Ari Italian Modern., It's just around the corner...call in and make your reservations before it's too late., Thank you WhereTraveler for voting Bel Ari Italian Modern as one of the Best New Restaurants in Boston for 2014!, And did we mention that it is National Chocolate Covered-Anything Day!, 'Tis the season to reward yourself with a few small indulgences! Did you know that Bel Ari Italian Modern has our own in house bakers and our own Pastry Chef (Kristen L) and becoming known as the place downtown Boston for a late night dessert and nightcap., There are still a few tickets and reservations available for our New Year's evening. We hope that you are able to join us to ring in the New Year!, If you haven't made plans for New Year's yet...we would like to present you with our offerings for the evening.

New Year Eve 2014
Reservations before 7pm  $75
Reservations after 7pm $85 (with a champagne toast at midnight)
with Wine suggestions additional $40

Whipped Ricotta with Bread Service

First

Cream of Mushroom Soup, Truffle Oil
Arugula Salad, Plump Golden Raisins, Pine Nuts, Ricotta Salada

Second

Baked Lobster Mac & Cheese
Pizzetti, Soprestta, Chili Oil, Mozzarella
Seared Foie, Almond Torta, Sour Cherry Glace 
Linguini, Grilled Shrimp, Linguicia, Smoked Tomato Ragu
Forno Roasted Octopus, Sardinia Couscous, Preserved Lemon, Hot Chili Peppers
Oven Roasted Cauliflower, Babaganoush, Marjoram, Black Garlic Vinaigrette

Third

Porchetta
Broccoli Rabe, Heirloom Apple Smalto
Roasted Beef Tenderloin
Whipped Potatoes with Roasted Garlic, Beech Mushrooms & Barollo Wine Sauce
Cornish Game Hen
Stuffed with Chestnuts, Cipollini, Winter Greens & House Cured Bacon
Sauteed Salmon Fennel Puree & Fennel Pollen, Charred Brussels Sprouts, Red Kuri Squash & Grapefruit Buerre Blanc
Baked Cod Bacallà-Yukon Gold Potato Puree, Pancetta, Steamed Cockles, Olive Oil & Thyme

Dessert

Tiramisu, Mascarpone Cream, Espresso savoiardi
Cranberry Pear Crisp with Cardamom Ice Cream
Gianduja Bavarian, Candied Hazelnuts
Pistachio Bundt Cake, Pomegranate Seeds, Vanilla Crema, Now that the myth has been debunked...we invite you to join us for a few glasses of Vino. Go ahead...have a red then a white., Thank you Zagat for listing Bel Ari Italian Modern as one of the 25 new restaurants to try in Boston. Thank you Sonya Highfield Photography for the great images., Our leader Mark Tosi featured in an article in the Boston Business Journal. Well done Mark!, Classic! All the best to all of our friends, family, and valued guests this holiday season!, Mariann and Larry have officially 'announced' that Christmas season is in full effect! The two have been working hard all day decorating Bel Ari Italian Modern and Les Zygomates. We were going to share a few pics but according to Mariann...it's bad luck....have to see it only after its completely finished. See everyone tomorrow for the after work/cocktail hour 'reveals'., Wine Director Seth Mandeville and Owner Mark Tosi just completed the new wine least for the Christmas season. They were able to get their hands on some rare gems like the 1978 Gaja Barbaresco DOCG, from Piedmont Italy. Exceptional! The Cellar Reserve menu now features 58 new selections., Had your fill of turkey? Plan on visiting Bel Ari Italian Modern this week (for lunch or dinner) and switch up the palate to some authentic Italian cuisine. We recommend the gnocchi w/ shrimp, lobster, shallots & oyster mushrooms...one of best selling dishes and customer favorites.  Our gnocchi is made fresh in house daily the traditional way., A great piece featured in The Voice of Downtown Boston. Thank you Kayla Baker for the great review. "Bel Ari succeeds in blurring the line between restaurant and experience. Both its menu and its atmosphere exude the contemporary urban chicness that Downtown Boston residents crave while staying rooted in traditional Italian cooking and in the Leather District’s unique history.", We are glad to have been a part of Meghan's special day and visit to Boston., With the first chill of the season moving in...thinking comfort food is the answer for dinner tonight. Like our housemade spaghetti with small clams, pancetta, and bottarga (bottarga or botargo is a Mediterranean delicacy of salted, cured fish roe)., Have you had a chance to visit Bel Ari Italian Modern? Christmas is right around the corner...we are available for corporate parties, small office gatherings, private dining, social soirees and after-work get togethers. For more info Faith@winebar129.com, It was a fantastic affair! A great team effort that made for a great newly refreshed room and amazing night! Well done Team Les Zygomates., We poked our head in next store at our sister restaurant Les Zygomates...reveal is tomorrow night. Room is looking sexy!, Congratulations to our Pastry Chef Kristen L. who won the 'Best Tasting' award at the 28th Annual Boston Christmas Festival at the Seaport World Trade Center. The event continues today and Sunday. 

The gingerbread houses are displayed the whole time. Kids and adults judge them and decide on the best tasting, the most creative, the best decoration, kids choice, and best in show.All of the houses are purchased at the end of the show to go on display at businesses. All the money from purchasing the houses goes to Housing Families Inc. and charities to help homeless., Looking to check off items off your cocktail libations buckets list? At Bel Ari Italian Modern can whip up all these classics., Okay...we know we are excited the reveal of Les Zygomates, how could we not be when Chef Robert Fathman shows us his sampling menu for the opening. Look at this tasty amuse-bouche lineup:

Chilled Mussels, Thai Curry Aioli, Caramelized Pineapple
Medjool Dates, Roquerfort & Serrano
Crispy Duck Confit
Potato Chip, Smoked Salmon, Caraway Egg Salad
Escargot en Croute
Fried Oysters, Indo-Chine
Lobster Bisque Shots
French Dip Sandys
French Toast, Pork Belly, Jack-Daniels & Hoisin Glaze
Cauliflower Croquettes, Tamarind-Hoisin Sauce
Tuna Nicoise Canapes
Goat Cheese Crostini, Fig Compote, Congratulation to the managers and staff at our sister restaurant Les Zygomates...it's almost ready!, Today is National Candy Day!!! What better reason (as an adult) to come to Bel Ari Italian Modern to see what Pasty Chef Kristen L. has on the menu., Now Available for your corporate functions and your Christmas Season parties.
Contact Faith@winebar129.com for inquiries, Since opening a month ago as Bel Ari Italian Modern, we have watched the amount of unique wines going out to tables rise and rise. (Helps to have a Sommelier crafting our list - Thanks Seth!). This week the big mover has been the 2012 Barbera, Damilano, Piedmont.

An 'earthy and spicy' wine...intense purple red in color. Fruity with light spicy notes. Ethereal flavors, with notes of currant, violet, cherry and a touch of vanilla; persistent finish. Pairs well with first courses, red meats and aged cheeses., National Chocolate Day! Pastry Chef Kristen has cinque Cioccolato, chocolate torta, caramel white chocolate and cocoa nib gelato....how is that for lineup to satisfy your chocolate indulgences!, Monday morning and the culinary teams for Bel Ari and Les Zygomates are already hard at work visiting farmers stands and fresh fish markets. Also waiting for Ben the Mushroom Man to visit us., Did you know that we are the only restaurant in Massachussets to carry Cream Hill Veal. That is the lengths that Chef Robert Fathman goes to in bringing the best ingredients to the table., Thank you to everyone who came out to participate in the Health Imperatives event last night at Bel Ari Italian Modern. A great showing of support!, Pici Pasta: Tuscan Handmade Spaghetti (Made fresh in house at Bel Ari Italian Modern)

The whole-some story. A great read., 'Arts for Women'...press release., Don't forget about our community benefit event this Wednesday in support of Health Imperatives., Teamwork!, Zagat is recommending Bel Ari Italian Modern as one of THE places to eat this weekend. Hope to see you soon!, Want to escape the madness of the Back Bay and the Head of the Charles...visit us at Bel Ari Italian Modern in the Leather District adjacent to South Station. Still a few reservations available tonight and this weekend., Our Chef Robert Fathman was featured in an article by Tbone Talbot on Thrillist today., Another great find for the playlist! Bel Ari Italian Modern..."I get a good feeling." Anyone want to wager who the orignial singer is in this remix?, Did you know today is #NationalDessertDay Come try ANY of Pastry Chef Kristen L.'s amazing offerings. Today is a good 'comfort food' day so we recommend her seasonal fruit/berry crumble., One of the most popular tables in the house. Our communal table was custom fabricated for us and has been upcycled/repurposed from a wood lathe dating back to the 1800's. A great table for social mixers, family-style dining and parties up to 10., A holiday Monday...great day to work on our Italian Modern playlists. Thinking of adding this Norah Jones remix to the 'night time vibes' channel. , Join us for an 'Evening of Art' October 22nd at Bel Ari Italian Modern. The evening is in support of Health Imperatives. We hope you will be able to join us and support help, hope and opportunity for members of our community., Looks like things are coming together and shaping up with the 'refresh' next store at our sister restaurant Les Zygomates. Crews were working late last night installing bars., Great Day! Zagat also citing Bel Ari as a "notable opening" and "Must Try Restaurant" , 'Six Things to Know About Bel Ari' Great review by Zagat the other day on Bel Ari Italian Modern. Thank you Scott. We are elated you enjoyed the experience! , The reviews (and POS stats) are in...without question, Chef Robert Fathman's Potato Gnocchi with rock shrimp, lobster, lobster sauce, peas and pea tendrils from the new Bel Arienu are the crowd favorite!, Good morning everyone. How about a little espresso and some easy beats to ease into your Tuesday. , Our sister restaurant Les Zygomates has released their updated and refreshed logo. An updated refresh on a classic style., Bel Ari Italian Modern now showing up on TripAdvisor. Here is a recent review. 

“Perfect in every way”
5 of 5 stars Reviewed October 5, 2014 NEW

We heard of this place from a co-worker of my Wife. We went before seeing Sweeney Todd last night. Let me assure you that no meat pies of any type are served here. The bread is crusty with a nice texture. The drinks (i had the 2 bourbon specials) are really, really good. Between the 3 of us we had veal meatballs, prosciutto appetizer, risotto with mushrooms, scallops with risotto and veal chops. Oops, i forgot the pasta alfredo. Sometimes Italian food can be a little dull or uninspiring. BUT everything we ate was very tasty and flavorful and memorable. One warning, you are not going to be able to stop eating once you start, so plan on not eating very much the next day. Typically, I find something to crab about (it is who I am), but no such luck here. The waitress was attentive and helpful and a real joy. The valet even left the car right in front because we mentioned we would be tight for time getting to the show., If you love the artwork at Bel Ari Italian Modern, wait till you see the craftsmanship and artistry that Janice Eve Dale Fine Art is creating for Les Zygomates as they prepare to reveal their refresh of venue. Here is snapshot of Janice as she worked on Ana's Eden., It's the weekend = Treat yourself! Indulge in a little subtle decadence with Pastry Chef Kristen L. Tiramisu., Friday night...the weekend is here! Join us after work for a glass of wine, some sfizi and cool beats to unwind. , Thank you Anastasia for taking the time to write such a fantastic review. Look forward to serving you again. 

5.0 star rating 9/30/2014

I Recently went with a friend to Bel Ari in the leather district which was formerly Sorriso. The space is under new ownership and has been transformed now having an elegant Tuscan feel with some of the most intriguing artwork up on the walls. The new menu has been flawlessly revamped by Chef Robert Fathman. We tried the Pizza Alla Spinaci béchamel, artichoke hearts & fontina cheese, Lobster "Mac" Ditalini Pasta truffle and the Roasted Lamb Chops pistachios, merguez sausage, almond cuscus, rapini, fig molasses all of which were delicious! I will definitely be going back soon only with a group of friends this time., Looking for a sleek, intimate location for a dining experience or for your next corporate function? Our private dining room is now complete. From full service seated dinners to casual mixers...our private space is ideal for all kinds of settings. Thanks Treasure and Larry for the beautiful decor and set up., Some more cool beats from our Bel Ari Italian Modern radio station we are building. , Bel Ari Italian Modern still on Yelp's top ten list of new restaurants in Boston. We slipped from the #1 position but loving those 5 stars! :) , Chef Robert Fathman and Pastry Chef Extraordinaire Kristen L. Did you know that all of our breads and desserts are made in house!, Where all true friendships among chefs are solidified...in alleys, walk in coolers and dive bars. lol., After 6 weeks of renovations, concept changes, all kinds of design meetings and the like and the team is still smiling and all friends. Room came out great. Looking forward to seeing what the teams do with the Les Zygomates refresh., Sonya Highfield Photography, And this team of stunning and charming management and staff., 'This Team' have worked their backsides off the past two weeks making sure all our opening events were seamless and the food was fantastic. Thanks to all of our rockstars in the kitchen!, More pics to come of the private room, new forno open kitchen and a many other sexy elements. Just a taste for now. , Our first TripAdvisor guest have posted reviews. Thank you for visiting and for taking the time to write a review. , Thank you Boston Magazine Events for attending our opening. , We made the pages of Eater National today. Sweet! , On the eve of flipping Sorisso into Bel Ari I'd like to send a big shout and thanks to my restaurant family. In particular Anthony & Treasure Botta, Mark & Marianne Tosi and Jason Fitch. Everyone's hard work and passion will certainly ensure our success. It's been a long seven months but we made it past the hump. Buona fortuna! - Robert Fathman, A few hours prior to opening...our website just went live. Please have a look and let us know your thoughts. Will be populating additional pages over the next week as function like Open Table go live. , null, Janice Eve Dale Fine Art pieces really adds touches of class to our renovations and contemporary feel., Big night tomorrow night! So far we have had our tasting dinner, neighborhood 'sneek peek', bloggers party and our friends and family night. Here is what people are saying so far...http://www.yelp.com/biz/bel-ari-boston, Another great shot by Sonya Highfield Photography, but what's key here is the fresh ingredients. Chef and his team procure top quality ingredients from local farmers markets and the fish market daily. Literally, going to the markets directly. Makes such a difference in the flavors of the dishes., Thank you to Sonya Highfield Photography for all the great images of Chef's new menu offerings, Tbone Talbot for the food styling and most importantly, to Chef Fathman, Chef Fitch and Pastry Chef Kristen L. for crafting such amazing and delicious dishes., Executive Chef Robert Fathman gave us a little peak and let us see a draft of his new menu. On Thursday Chef will be serving up a whole roasted pig., Our artist extraordinaire Janice Eve Dale Fine Art featured in the The Patriot Ledger. , In case you missed it...here was our official press release that was circulated yesterday.

FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE: September 12, 2014

ARTFUL CHANGES ABOUND AT BEL ARI ITALIAN MODERN

Revitalized Restaurant to Become Dining Destination in Leather District

Boston, MA – The space formally occupied by Sorriso Trattoria has a fresh look, taste, and vibe. New proprietors Mark Tosi and Anthony Botta began re-fashioning the concept back in January; the evolved space exemplifies the modern renaissance feel of the ‘LD’and its emerging urban-chic persona. On September 18th owners, management and staff will reveal the changes and celebrate its new character. 

When defining the intended atmosphere, manager Marcos Viana says, “Bel Ari will attract those who like their Italian food genuine and imaginative, their drinks meticulously crafted, and their service personable.” Co-owner Tosi, who is also a co-owner of Pastene Quality Foods adds, “The experience at Bel Ari is rooted in hundreds of years of Italian tradition; a belief that when you are a guest in our home you are family.”

Executive Chef Robert Fathman (formerly of XV Beacon Hotel, Grill 23 & Bar, and Legal Sea Foods), culinary inspirations come “from all over the boot” with both classical offerings and contemporary interpretations but always focused on authenticity, emphasizing flavor, and without any pretense. Fathman describes his menu style as “MANGIARE PER VIVERE E NON VIVERE PER MANGIARE” In literal translation it means ‘eat to live, not live to eat’. In spirit, it equates to an enthusiasm for exceptional food and drink while savoring time spent in good company. The overall experience is intended to be an occasion in life expressed to the fullest!

Bel Ari’s development and design was a collaboration between owners; Food Network designer, Taniya Nayak; and Red Door Hospitality restaurant developer, Travis ‘Tbone’ Talbot. The collective aim was to craft a venue that is authentic, convivial, and modestly stylish.

The room will also showcase art commissioned from international artist and local resident Janice Eve Dale. She describes the collection as, "Figurative works that explore the relationship between the beauty of the human form and its scale to nature, the world, and often its “surprising” surroundings. That vision smoothly integrates with the restaurant’s historic roots, new avant-garde elements, and beauty in arts including food and beverage."

Bel Ari Italian Modern is located just steps from its sister restaurant Les Zygomates at 107 South Street. For more information on Bel Ari Italian Modern, please find them on www.facebook.com/belariBoston and after opening at www.belariboston.com 

                                                    ###, Thank you Tracey from 40-Something Life for the great blog on our new menu and new look. , Thank you Eater Boston for the story on our soon to be new restaurant. We hosted our soft opening the other night and it was a great success. Grand Opening launch and final stages of our metamorphosis happens next week. We need to get you some new photos though...we are looking a little different these days. :) , Thank you to BosGuy Blog for visiting Bel Ari Italian Modern, joining us for the tasting and for taking the time to include us in your blog. Look forward to seeing you again soon. , null, Tuesday morning 1:27am...what else would you be doing?, And it's officially on...The Yelpers have started to visit and so far the word is more than good. Thanks to all those who visited and took the time to comment. Cheers!, You know how funky we can be? This song played tonight and not only was it awesomesauce it was the intro beat to a hugely popular movie. Who has it? Regardless, was the vibe and tune scene around 10pm. , You know when you go out to a restaurant and hear some really cool tunes and wonder, "Who the heck is this? It's very different." Well John, this was the artist and song you were asking about last night. The Greyboy Allstars. Pretty cool vibe right! A little funk, jazz, upbeat lounge, soul mix. , Our first public tasting for foodies, friends, PR folks and Elite Yelpers was a great success last night. Thanks to everyone for attending and spending time with us. Chef Fathman and Chef Jason...knocked it out of the park. Service staff was on point and Karen has the drinks flowing. A great night with great people. The big hits of the party were the lobster Ditalini, whipped ricotta w/ honey, scallops, and radicchio salad., Looking forward to the tasting party this evening. An evening with friends and sampling the new Bel Ari Italian Modern menu. An exploration of deliciousness a week before the new menu actually hits the tables., It's Friday! Weekend is here and the weather is amazing. A great day for one of Karen's specialty cocktails to kick off the weekend right!, Thank you to the Improper Bostonian Magazine for including Bel Ari in their 'First Taste' review. , Food and drink porn by Executive Chef Robert Fathman, Pastry Chef Kristen L. and Mixologist Karen Small, "Everybody got their something that makes you smile." We think we have a few things that will make people smile with a fantastic menu, engaging staff, a new urban-chic look and a new vibe. Reveal is right around the corner. We think we got our something! , It's going to be another HOT one out there today. Soooo glad that Pastry Chef Kristen L. is making up another batch of Milk chocolate gelato which comes with biscotti. 

Bel Ari's new menu will feature  house made gelato and sorbetto with flavors changing often. Valrhona milk chocolate is used in this gelato and all of the chocolate used in the restaurant will be the quality Valrhona chocolate., So Anthony would like to hear a little instrumental jazz. Once again us hip kids say no problem. Jazz from the Beastie Boys is the answer., Sunday holiday morning but we were able to drag in electricians and installers. A great day to hang art and install new lighting. Janice Eve Dale Fine Art artwork really pops and ties in perfectly with our Italian Modern concept., Rustic elegance, simplicity and deliciousness.  Allowing the integrity of the ingredients to stand on their own.

Steamed Shellfish & Chorizo: Steamed Manila Clams & Blue Mussels, Chorizo, Pastene San Marzano Tomatoes & Grilled Bread., Big smiles everyone!, Executive Chef Robert Fathman's take on living In Italian and practicing the art of fine food. Or as Chef puts it, "“MANGIARE PER VIVERE!” Eat to live!" (porterhouse steak with charred rosemary, roasted garden vegetables and sprinkling of rock salt.), "Live in Italian. Practice the Art of Fine Food." We like it! , This soon to be classic cocktail includes gin, grapefruit and ginger beer.  It's mixologist's Karen's go to cocktail and has been given that Italian Modern touch with fresh muddled basil.  It's refreshing, delicious and stimulates your taste buds. A great cocktail to kick off your dining experience., So Anthony and Mark said we had to make sure that we had some of the classics and standards in our playlist. We said no problem...how about a little Sinatra....remixed that is. ; ) , As we wind down the evening and after a day of building our new bar and cleaning yet again, we are thinking a little cool /modern wine down vibe is in order. How about a little @Greyboy to wrap up the evening? , Pastry Chef Kristen L. has crafted this deliciously exquisite dessert as a possible new menu item.  A chocolate coconut torta, with toasted marshmallow, and salted shortbread cookie. The flavors of this dessert were meant to be like a Samoa girl scout cookie. The cake actually has a little surprise of a gooey coconut pecan filling on the inside. Wow!, Our artist Janice Eve Dale Fine Art is getting close to completing her series for Bel Ari Modern Italian. This piece is named "Knot Just Spaghetti." We are so excited for the installation of artwork this weekend., The greatest form of flattery is imitation, in the restaurant business that equates to having a cocktail named after you.  The Viana is a tangy blend of Bulleit bourbon, limoncello, fresh lemon juice and a lavender honey simple syrup.  Named after manager Marcos Viana, it's our way of saying thank you for his never ending support and encouragement., As an element of our new concept and menu design, we will be placing an emphasis on Sfizi. Small whimsical bites to whet the appetite and to encourage sharing. With that in mind, Pastry Chef Kristen L. created a sweet "snack" which includes amaretti cookies, guava jellies, chocolate dipped and pistachio crusted biscotti and caramel corn., We wanted to put our twist on many of the cocktails in the program, but with a classic like the  Bellini it's hard to improve on what is already close to perfection. Fresh white peach puree and Ferrari Brut champagne, garnished with a fresh peach slice... it is our way of welcoming you into our modern space in the most traditional way., Meet our artist Janice Eve Dale who has been integral in driving the concept development, crafting art specific to the venue and who has been instrumental in the design process. 

Janice Eve Dale Fine Art | Bio 

Janice’s art depicts a contemporary sense of portraiture that brings the subjects personalities and lifestyles into the piece.  This figurative work explores the relationship between the beauty of the human form and its scale to nature, the world and often its “surprising” surroundings.  It utilizes various styles and experiment with a variety of mediums and surfaces.  

Janice has always had a love for depicting people, faces and characters from all different walks of life and from all of her life experience. Her work has sold over the years to private collectors in Germany, Greece, Sweden, New York City, California, Florida and Massachusetts. 

She was trained and educated at Boston University School of Fine Arts, her entry into the arts world began at Conde Nast NYC for Vogue Magazine’s Promotion/Advertising Department. From there she worked in NYC over 15 years in the Cosmetic and Fragrance industry.  In 1993-2003 she left NYC and moved to Mykonos, Greece where she lived, exhibited and sold oils for 11 years before returning to the East Coast. 

With a newborn passion she had recently been creating a large new body of work that is expressive of her re-connecting with her native roots and deep love of the New England Coast., Now that the sun is down, our development teams are sitting here and in addition to crafting up our new cocktail list, are watching people in the Leather District...the 'LD' as we affectionately refer to it and thinking to ourselves...what would be the ideal vibe in here right now on a Sunday night? Answer: some Sfizi for sharing, an Aperol cocktail and a little St. Germain/John Lee Hooker. What you do think about that potential scenario? , It was a long day for the teams but the bar is starting to take shape and looks fantastic! New black subway tile and "beefy" solid oak top with its first coats of rich, chocolate colored stain. Back bar work has started as well! Can't wait for the new custom draft tower next!, One of the questions we are being asked is what makes us 'Italian Modern'? In addition to Executive Chef Robert Fathman's contemporary twists on traditional menu offerings, the eclectic and vivacious artworks by Janice Eve Dale Fine Art; we will be nurturing an avant-garde musical vibe. Have a listen to Radio Citizen for a sample of the tracks we will be serving up. (All you purists, don't panic...Dean Martin, Old Blue Eyes and the standards are still in the mix). , What a beautiful Branzino! 

The European Sea Bass is a highly regarded table fish and popular dish of Northern Italy and often served whole. The fish, which ranges in size from one-and-a-half to three pounds, has a firm, white, delicate-flavored flesh and few small bones. It's a prized fish in Italian cuisine and is often prepared grilled, roasted, poached, steamed, or braised whole., The Building Restoration Services (BRS), Fast Track Fabrication, Red Door Hospitality and Tbone Talbot are onsite making it all happen. , 'Ripe and Ready' is now finished. We are so excited and honored to have Janice Eve Dale Fine Art create these amazing pieces specifically for Bel Ari. They are not only fantastically beautiful, they have been essential in driving the new design and align perfectly with our articulation of the 'Modern Italian' concept., Two words....Fresh Ingredients!, Executive Chef Robert Fathman hosted another menu tasting and photo shoot of items for the upcoming Bel Ari menu. One of the big hits...semolina cakes w/ lardo, Tallagio cheese and sea salt., Bel Ari | Menu Concept

“MANGIARE PER VIVERE E NON VIVERE PER MANGIARE”

In translation it means ‘eat to live, not live to eat’.  In spirit, it equates to an enthusiasm for exceptional food and drink while savoring time spent in the company of others. The experience intended to be an occasion in life expressed to the fullest!

Our culinary inspiration comes “from all over the boot” with both classical offerings and contemporary interpretations, but always focused on authenticity and emphasizing flavor, not pretense. 

Chef Robert Fathman takes a balanced and committed approach to locality, sustainability and seasonality. Our culinary team frequents farmers markets, works with local fishermen, and nurture relationships with some of the country’s best vendors and importers. When crafting recipes for our sfizzi dishes for sharing like our semolina cake with Taleggio, lardo, sea salt; or traditional favorites like chicken saltimbocca, Swiss chard, potatoes, scallion, Marsala, cherry-balsamic glaze; and potato gnocchi, shrimp, lobster, shallots, oyster Mushrooms; we feature incomparable products like Pastene’s Extra Virgin Olive Oil and San Marzano tomatoes, house-made charcuterie and hand-selected artisan cheeses.

We encourage you to delve into the menu, explore the wines, and share with friends – mangiare per vivere!

Buon Appetito!, Meet our Executive Chef Robert Fathman

Robert Fathman: Culinary Director | Executive Chef | Bel Ari Italian Modern
As head of culinary operations, Executive Chef Robert Fathman brings over 30 years of zeal and intelligence to the elevated offerings of the newly fashioned concept - Bel Ari Italian Modern.

After attending Cincinnati’s Culinary Arts Academy, Chef Fathman quickly established himself as a rising star in the innovative and highly competitive Los Angeles restaurant scene. A “Featured Chef” in the James Beard Foundation’s Discovery Series, he has received national recognition in his roles as Chef at the Watergrill, I Cugini, and Ocean Avenue Seafood.

With numerous awards and accolades peppering his portfolio, he is widely respected by his contemporaries for his distinctive skills and professional accomplishments. Chef Fathman is applauded as an industry pioneer who has contributed to evolving the local culinary landscape. His influence is evident in the development and successes of esteemed restaurants like Azure, City Bar, Grill 23 & Bar, Trio Lounge, Legal Harborside, Les Zygomates and award-winning concepts at XV Beacon and Red Lion Inn.

Chef Fathman is now applying his talents to the transformation of Sorriso Trattoria; uplifting the concept and gastronomic offerings. The imminent Bel Ari Italian Modern, pulls its inspiration “from all over the boot” respecting the simple elegance of classical preparations while presenting adventurous palates with contemporary interpretations. The newly crafted menu will be one that expresses creative authenticity and emphasizes flavor, not pretense., Local artist extraordinaire Janice Eve Dale Fine Art describes the mission behind her artwork designed specifically for Bel Ari as, "Figurative work that explores the relationship between the beauty of the human form and its scale to nature, the world, and often its “surprising” surroundings. That vision smoothly translates into “Bel Ari”, merging seamlessly with its new contemporary feel and beauty in food and atmosphere." Another one of Janice's pieces includes "Ripe and Ready"., Some photos from Executive Chef Robert Fathman's recent menu development tastings., Bel Ari and Les Zygomates Executive Chef Robert Fathman with Owner/Partner Anthony Botta, Tbone Talbot post interview with WGBH talking about industry trends, changing guest palates and the new concept., 'Oil Spill' by Janice Eve Dale Fine Art is completed, framed out and ready to grace the walls at Bel Ari. Just waiting for construction and painting to be completed before we put it into place., A few 'before' pictures. It was a great run at Sorriso Trattoria - Boston but owners Anthony Botta and Mark Tosi are looking to revitalize the space and bring a sexy new vibe to the Leather District., Janice speaking to the Patriot Ledger regarding her commissioned artwork that will be on display and driving the design in the soon to be Bel Ari Italian Modern restaurant in the Leather District., Our good friend and commissioned artist Janice Eve Dale Fine Art was recently interviewed by the The Patriot Ledger and also featured in Norwood's Wicked Local.com. Janice speaks about her unique art that will be featured in the soon to be new Bel Ari Italian Modern restaurant as well as Les Zygomates. , null)