List(Roasted cod with an emulsion of kohlrabi, spruce, and Devonshire cream, served with smoked potato, green apple, and brown bread. #new #spring2016 

We reopen in four days with some exciting new menu items, an all organic menu, and lunch soon to follow., Follow our Instagram  ( @the4170 ) and twitter accounts (@fortyoneseventy ) for some live-action Spring menu testing updates!, Five more days!, Do you have your tickets yet for Ideate? Go see our co-chef, Brandon Baltzley, speak about redefining the BOH with chefs from Mei Mei, Puritan and Co, and Journeyman April 4th!  http://www.ideateboston.com/, We are happy to announce that we finally have all of our farms lined up for the season! Its a big undertaking- traveling around and getting this to the cape! We can't wait to bring you the highest quality, hyper-local, organic New England produce this year. 

Just wait til you see our fish and meat!, See y'all soon!, Ten more days!, Very excited to be a part of this year's, tenth annual, Terroir Talks in Toronto.

Stay tuned., 13 more days!, We will be reopening April 7th. Spread the good word!, We will see you in a couple weeks with a new Spring menu!, Water broke. Baby coming. No brunch. Sorry for inconvenience., A gratin of pumpkin, oat, and broccoli stalk, with grilled brassicaceae and pumpkin jus.

#vegan, Hey, everyone. Tonight we have some tasty new treats coming for every diet! 

Cornish beef pasties with a savory juniper yogurt.

A pumpkin, oat, and broccoli gratin. #vegan

And a new version of our pork pie!

We open at 5pm!, Go get a Cape Cod Magazine today to see what we are all about!, Beef and rutabaga pasties, gundruk, juniper yogurt.

Tonight on the chefs' specials menu., Everything baked from scratch, everyday, here at the 41-70., Lightly smoked washburn island oysters with grilled beach rose on the menu tonight!, Just a reminder, we are still open. We will be sure to let you know when the baby comes and we close down temporarily. See y'all tonight!, We are THRILLED to be a part of this wonderful project at MIT! 

Our chefs will be cooking with basil from these beautiful greenhouse prototypes pioneered at MIT.

http://openag.media.mit.edu/, Everyday is pie day at the 41-70!

Pork pie with crispy pig ears and mustard greens.

Blueberry and violet pie with Sparrow coffee ice cream., Our very own yogurt with wild rice granola., Come on down! The deck is open!, Maine shrimp, cornmeal, linguiça, seaweed butter.

A new england take on a southern classic. 

Only today! Brunch times!, Cod heads, collars, and tails with aonori and toasted chili.

On the chefs' specials menu tonight!, Maine shrimp, cranberry mayonnaise, black pepper. 

Tonight on the chefs' specials menu., 28 day dry aged and smoked turkey,  cheddar mornay, brussels kraut, cranberry curd, brown bread.

Crab fries., Braised monkfish and grilled broccoli, peanut, soured goat's milk.  

On the chefs' special menu., Maine shrimp and monkfish on the menu tonight!, Grilled lobster, cod escabeche, seaweed butter, and grilled parsley stems. Served with a hot tea of lobster and chamomile.

Tonight only!, Get excited everyone! The 41-70 struck gold! We got fresh Maine Shrimp arriving tomorrow fresh from the auction!, Cod spare parts hitting the specials menu tomorrow night!, We are rounding out our kitchen team for the upcoming season. Come be a part of something awesome!

http://www.bostonchefs.com/job/110395/, 28 day dry-aged turkey breast. Coming to brunch this week!, On Monday, April 4th, Branchfood is hosting IDEATE, an event highlighting restaurant innovation in Boston and beyond with some of the city's leading restaurateurs, entrepreneurs, investors, and startups. 

They'll be covering the state of the Boston restaurant industry, investing and entrepreneurship in the sector, opportunities for innovation in FOH/BOH, and exploring what's next in the industry. 

Come see one of our chefs speak at this event with a number of industry leaders.

Hoping to see you there! 




https://m.facebook.com/branchfood/photos/pb.821152291255652.-2207520000.1457368733./980766475294232/?type=3&theater, Not your typical fish and chips: aonori and lager battered bycatch of the day, pickled and fried brussels sprouts, spent coffee fry bread, sumac tartar, and cider vinegar. 

On the regular menu. See you Thursday!, This is one helluva breakfast sandwich!

 Buttermilk biscuit, grilled chouriço, cultured butter, fried araucana egg, cabot clothbound cheddar, and shio kombu. Complete with crab fries., Cape Cod Ceviche!

Pollack cured in cranberry juice, raw sunchoke and fingerling potato.

On the chefs' special menu tonight!, We're closed for brunch today for an offsite event, but be sure you stop in tonight and sample the chefs' specials menu. We are rolling out some of the more avant garde dishes for the adventurous diner like this raw ribeye cap with dried scallop, crispy seaweed, and whole grain and cultured cream parfait., Chamomile-roasted cauliflower with horseradish,  endive, and golden milk.

On the chefs' special menu tonight!, Be sure to join us next Sunday, March 6th, for brunch to try our savory oat porridge, preserved Maine blueberries and crispy heritage turkey thigh.

We will be closed for an off-site event for brunch only Saturday, March 5th, and re-open for dinner at 5pm. Make your reservation at 508-457-3100 or walk in., On special today: portuguese bean stew with araucana eggs, heritage turkey, pork rind, and mustard greens!, Warm up with cup of coffee, specially brewed for the 41-70 by the fine folks sparrow coffee.
Deliciously bright, tongue-coating toasted beech nut, and perfect acidity, Turkey dinner...a lil different.

Stop by tonight before we sell out of this turkey ballontine with "dirty" beans, pickled sunchoke, and red mole!, Pancake-fried chicken thighs and pickled vegetables, birch mustard, cocoa. 

#brunchtimes, You like clam chowder? You like crab fries? You like pork belly? Come have it all today with our chowder fries. 11am-3pm, today and tomorrow., We've updated our online menus and hours of operation.

http://www.the4170.com/menu/, Spent coffee roasted beets, goat's milk ricotta, sourdough puree, thyme. 

A dish made almost completely out of waste. We pride ourselves on being sustainable and the result is delicious. Come see for yourself tonight for dinner!, Biting Brooklyn back and standing up for Regional American Cuisine.

http://chicago.eater.com/2016/2/25/11100774/midwest-chefs-respond-to-bon-appetits-how-every-city-became-brooklyn, Come in this weekend and try our heritage turkey ballontine we'll be serving with red mole on the chefs' specials menu., Just a heads up!, We open back up tomorrow for dinner and Saturday/Sunday for brunch. Don't forget to make your reservation so you don't have to wait.

Caramelized onion omelette with cocoa nib, garrotxa, and toasted black walnut-oat jus. 

#fortheveggies, Looks like Winter may be over! Time to strap on those foraging boots!

https://weather.com/forecast/national/news/february-april-2016-outlook, Stuffed quahog benedict with spicy clamato hollandaise and sumac., Two eggs the way you like em, pork belly, and fresh-baked portuguese sweet bread with chouriço butter., Sesame buns just came out the oven for our patty fu burger! Come get em before they're gone!, Our brunch eggs are the best eggs! Beautiful blue araucana eggs on every plate! Come try for yourself from 11am-3pm!, Pork pot pies fresh out of the oven. Come on down!, You like brunch? We loooooooove brunch. Serving today from 11am-3pm!, We open at 11am today for brunch! Come on by!, Check out our chefs in the Wild Atlantic Way exploring Irish food culture!

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Hcj8h1BHdl8, We heard what you had to say during our soft opening and we listened! Check out our revised dinner menu starting tonight!, The old phuburger got a makeover! The new patty fu burger is two 4 oz beef patties, 4 oz lobster salad, yolk pudding, raw red onion, and a daily-made, fresh sesame bun. Served with crab fries! Come eat one tonight!, Hey, everyone! We want to thank you all for coming out last night. The tremendous support was awesome!

Due to the larger than expected numbers, we will be running a limited menu tonight, and starting our full menu tomorrow. 

There will still be plenty of options, but a couple key items won't make their appearance until tomorrow night!, Don't forget to grab a copy of the Globe today.

We're also having a little shin dig tonight at the space with live music, a little bit of free food, and a cash bar. So come on down!, The Boston Globe profiled one of our chefs! Read it here and pick it up tomorrow in print!

https://www.bostonglobe.com/lifestyle/food-dining/2016/02/15/quaint-cape-cod-ready-for-chef-brandon-baltzley/wKzogTXVeTbNNLKxyyThzH/story.html, http://bit.ly/1PDIKbh, Last year's rhubarb sorbet rolled in sumac spiced shortbread and served with coupole (aged goat's cheese from Vermont) and juniper jellies.

This was a fun little dish we decided to serve last night for Valentine’s Day. It looks like a pub cheese ball!, Beef Apache: cocoa nib, masa, First service done! Thank you, Woods Hole!, Starting Thursday, you can have birthday cake any day of the year at the 41-70. Because, why not?, Don't forget, we open tomorrow at 5pm for a limited, two day Valentine's menu. Walk-ins are welcomed, but feel free to call the restaurant to reserve.

Local Woods Holers, keep your eyes peeled for a special invite to a party this Wednesday as well!

Below are fresh waquoit littleneck clams with cedar juice and canola oil., This is what happens when you let the cooks name cocktails., http://www.bostonmagazine.com/restaurants/blog/2016/02/08/the-41-70-woods-hole-cape-cod-boston/., http://boston.eater.com/2016/2/8/10939990/the-41-70-opening-menu-woods-hole, It's official. After our Valentine's Day previews, we will open our doors for good on February 18th., Come visit us February 13 and 14 for dinner at The 41-70! Call (508)457-3100 for reservations!

     http://www.the4170.com/blog/2016/2/4/valentines-weekend-preview-dinners, We are opening our doors early this season! Come on by, February 13th and 14th, for a special, limited valentines weekend menu. 

More on our official opening next weekend., You like what you see? Wanna make it your office? 

Apply now!

We are looking for one more solid team member to fill out our back of house. If you have the drive, talent, and passion, without the attitude and ego, send your resume over to brandon@the4170.com or laura@the4170.com

 This particular position will start mid-march. Previous experience as a sous chef or higher is recommended, Getting ready!, Check out what our chefs have been up to the past month!

We are also starting to accept resumes for employment. If you are an industry professional with a great attitude and work ethic, send a cover letter along with your CV to brandon@the4170.com   

We will be seeing you all very soon!

http://www.pittsburghmagazine.com/Best-of-the-Burgh-Blogs/The-412/January-2016/Former-Bar-Marco-Executive-Chef-Makes-Return-Visit-to-Pittsburgh/, New signs are almost up!, http://www.capenews.net/falmouth/news/phusion-grille-to-operate-as/article_dc3e734a-55ec-59a9-a9cf-7fadb34fe555.html, Reserve  now for the first preview dinner of @fortyoneseventy with @dinnerlab.

https://dinnerlab.com/events/boston/the-41-70/community, BrandonBaltzley is opening a new restaurant in #CapeCod, @fortyoneseventy http://boston.eater.com/2016/1/11/10748252/brandon-baltzley-opening-falmouth-cape-cod-restaurant?utm_campaign=boston.eater&utm_content=chorus&utm_medium=social&utm_source=twitter http://twitter.com/EaterBoston/status/686548146839777280/photo/1, A quick blurb about the restaurant! More in-depth coverage from The Globe in a few weeks.

http://www.bostonglobe.com/lifestyle/food-dining/2016/01/09/boston-restaurants-opening-closing-and-interesting-things/wDYABQD1jRiTbBaEy89vFK/story.html?event=event25, Our website is now live! We will be updating the blog, menu, and about pages when we return in February. Have a great January, everyone! http://www.the4170.com/, Meet one of our two new chefs!

http://sensualist317.com/2016/01/07/chef-laura-higgins-and-the-future-of-food/, Marinated and charred kale "caesar", grilled swordfish, seaweed, portuguese sweetbread., Gathering plates!

 A collection of family heirloom china, craft pottery, and antiques will grace the dining room at The 41-70!, Spiced pork shoulder pie with spicy mustard greens, crispy pig ears, and horseradish. 

This will warm you up while it's cold outside. We can't wait to serve these to you., Lightly smoked oysters from Dennis, seaweed butter, and grilled beach rose., Baked cod with braised amaranth greens, salt cod potato chips, and grilled sunchokes.

A modern take on a Cape Cod classic., Elderflower frybread bread with evergreen sugar and pine syrup. 

Just one example of the many native-inspired New England dishes we will be preparing this year., null, Visit http://www.the4170.com/  for information leading up to our opening this Spring!, We are very excited to start telling you what is happening this upcoming 2016 season! 

New name! New chefs! New food! Same great spot and atmosphere!

Check out this bluefin tuna crudo with cranberries, wintergreen, and roasted pumpkin brodo!

Keep your eyes on this page for updates about our new chefs, food, and a possible early opening date for 2016.
THANK YOU!

- Carol, Brandon, and Laura, null, Farm to Phusion, Beautiful Sunday live music 12-2, Phision Pre -fix Menu Sunday - Thursday $30.00
1st  Course
New England Clam Chowder
Bruschetta basil pesto,salsa crude,chèvre
Mixed greens ,radish, tomato,peas,Gorgonzola
2nd
Wild Salmon, couscous salad,baby carrots,lemon butter
Braised Shortrib, creamy polenta ,curry onion rings natural such jus
Fried Chicken, mashed potato braised greens natural jus
3rd
Vanilla crime brûlée
Banana bread pudding
Ginger ice cream, Applewood smoked bacon covered with chocolate and pistachios, Join us tommorow for lunch and recive a FREE CUP OF CHOWDA seya in the Hole ...., The weather is beautiful the Beer is cold and the food is great it must be SUMMER seya in the Hole ....., Coming soon to the take out window behold the nori wrapped PHURITTO, Duck Duck Duck literally......, Faroe Island fatty delishousness seya in the Hole ......, Beef it's what's for dinner, Cape Cod Restaurant week all week long seya in the Hole...., Now hiring all positions Sous chef, line cooks, dishwashers, foh apply within, Cape cod restaurant week in full affect, HAPPY MOTHER'S DAY, Taking reservations for Mother's Day come have a nice chill brunch on the water seya at the phu..... 5084573100, Phusion grill will be open lunch and dinner all weekend. Also make your reservations for Mother's day brunch !, Do you like scallops we sure do seya at the Phu..., If you really love your Mother you'll bring her to Phusion for mother's day brunch 10-2 this Sunday make reservations via messenger or give us a call  seya at the Phu ..., Come join us for lunch tomorrow and check out out new menu. We open at 11:30 am. See there!, Opening tonight stop by and met our new chef Anthony, Beautiful Day in Woods Hole for a cup of our curried butternut squash bisque, Tonight's Specials are the famous Phu-Burgers which have our 8oz Grass fed burgers with a 6oz Mango Pimento Butter  Lobster tail with capper grass aioli... ;) We also have a delicious Grilled Salmon with asparagus pure, roasted fingerling potatoes with beet pickled eggs... :) Our special for our lobster lovers is the Lobster Mac & Cheese. Come on down to Woods Hole to Phusion Grille for all the above and more!!!, Beautiful night... Great food... Please join us at  Phusion Grille tonight! See you soon :), Come on in and enjoy our lunch specials on this rainy day: Steamers with drawn butter, 1/2 lobster roll with a cup of chowdah, or a whole belly clam plate. Wash it down with a local Naukabout American Pale Ale!, Tonights Specials THE PHU BURGER Wyagu Beef ,mango pimento butter poached lobster tail Boursin cheese micro greens tomato lemongrass caper aioli  with truffle fries.     Seared Halibut cashew crusted with watermelon goat cheese salad coconut rice and veg, Three courses thirty five   Resturant Week  today through Sunday, Beautiful day to sit out on the deck and enjoy a few specials...Waquoit point Oysters with cucumber fennel mignonette or cup of classic New England Chowder (house made) and half a Lobstah roll.. say hello to our new Chef Kory Ferrier in the kitchen., Dinner Specials This Evening:

Curry Lambrack Lollipops with Mango Papya Chutney

Grilled Filet Mignon with Twin Crab Stuffed Shrimp
Served with Roast Corn Smoked Bacon Creole Cream

Blood Orange Creme Brullee, Stop by from 4-6 and enjoy half price apps., Now open for the Summer Season 2013 !!!

Come check out our fabulous new menu featuring items from new head chef Cory.

 Tuesday through Friday 4:00 to 6:00 come check out our half price apps. 

Looking forward to seeing all old familiar faces and hopefully some new ones! Dinner starts at 5:00, come on down!, Fish & Chips on the water today for lunch??  See you in the Hole..........., Half Lobster Roll with Fries & a cup of Chowda?? Lunch on the water today!  See you in the Hole.........., It finally burned off!!  Come have lunch on the water today!  Grilled Chicken Caprese Sandwich, Fish & Chips, Half Lobster Roll with fries and a cup of Chowda!  See you in the Hole............, Lunch on the water today?  How about Blackened Mahi over Artisan Greens with spiced candy pecans,crumbled Gorgonzola, Asian pear, tossed in our Passion fruit-Pimento Vinaigrette?  See you in the Hole.........., Beautiful day on the water, perfect for a soup & salad combo!  See you in the Hole............., Rainy days are great with a Phusion Hot Dog Roll-Up for lunch, maybe with a bowl of Chowda??  See you in the Hole..........., How about a half lobster roll with fries and a cup of chowder for lunch today??  We are open for lunch and dinner 7 days a week!  See you in the Hole.........., Grilled Swordfish BLT on the water today??  Phusion is open for Lunch!!  See you in the Hole........, Jerk Duck Quesadilla, How about a Lobsta Roll or a Jerk Duck Quesadilla for lunch today??  We are open for lunch on the water today!!  See you in the Hole.........., The "Phu" is back!!!!! See you in the Hole..........., Phusion Grille is open for lunch today!! Come down and try a Jerk Duck Quesadilla, Lobster Grilled Cheese, or Kobe Burger!!  See you in the Hole........., Come celebrate Beer Week with us on Friday May 18, 2012 from 5-7pm for samples of Offshore Ale Co Beers., null, Phusion Grille is open for dinner tonight @ 5pm!  See you in the Hole........, Pimento Pork Osso Buco with a sauce made from the reduction on Wray & Nephew Spiced Pimento Liquer.  Phusion Grille is open for dinner today at 5pm!  See you in the Hole........., null, We are open for Dinner tonight at 5pm.  Brave the rain and check out our new menu, See you in the Hole........, 12 oz Pineland Farms Szechuan marinated Ribeye, Jerk-Onion compound butter, mashed plantains with pancetta and caramelized onion, potato strings.  Phusion Grille is open for dinner tonight @ 5pm!!  See you in the Hole......, Thanks to everyone for making our first night of the '012 Season a great night.  Open for dinner tonight @ 5pm!!  See you in the Hole........, Kicking off the season tonight at 5pm,  Come check out the new menu!!  See you in the Hole........, Phusion Grille is opening for the season '012 this Friday May 4 for dinner!!!  Updates on new menu items and upcoming Wine Dinners soon come.  See you in the Hole........., #52 out of 99 restaurants in Negril, not bad for 6 weeks, null, Dinner on the water,  Coconut-Lobster Mac & Cheese,  Chorizo Crusted Pork Chop with creamy polenta and Tamarind-Citrus BBQ Sauce,  Honey-Sake Roasted Duck Breast with Wild Rice and Banana-Thai Curry Sauce, The Famous Phu-Burger,  and the Bubble Bake for 2!!  See you in the Hole........., Dinner on the water tonight,  Chorizo Crusted Pork Chop with creamy cheddar polenta and tamarind-citrus BBQ sauce,  The Phu-Burger,  and the Bubble Bake for 2!!  See you in the Hole........., Dinner on the water tonight!  Chicken Papini,  Proscuitto wrapped local swordfish with a lemongrass-sundried tomato-basil beurre blanc, the Phu-Burger,  and the Bubble Bake for 2!!  See you in the Hole......., Saturday night on the water, Chorizo crusted local swordfish with a passion fruit-chili vinaigrette,  Coconut-lobster mac & cheese,  Mesquite grilled Pineland Farms all natural 16 oz ribeye finished with tamarind-chili butter,  and the Bubble Bake for 2!!  See you in the Hole........., Dinner on the water?  Coconut-Lobster Mac & Cheese?  Chorizo Crusted Local Swordfish with a Passion Fruit-Chili Vinaigrette?  The famous Phu-Burger?  The Bubble Bake for 2? Check out Phusion tonight!  See you in the Hole.........., Lunch @ Phusion!  Blackened Mahi Kula Salad w/ raspberry-macadamia vinaigrette, Teriyaki Chicken Caesar Salad,  Kobe Burgers and Lobster Corn Dogs!  Come have lunch on the water today, the weather doesn't get much better!  See you in the Hole......., Lunch & Live music on the water today!! Come down to Phusion for great tunes and great eats!!  See you in the Hole......, Saturday night @ Phusion, the place to be and be seen!  Bubble Baking tonight!!  See you in the Hole....., Lunch on the water today, half a lobster roll with fries and a cup of chowder!  Very Cape Cod.  See you in the Hole......., If you were here, this could have been your Lobster PB&J......., Full house even in the rain!  Where are you??  See you in the Hole......, Lunch today? How about half a lobster roll with fries and a cup of chowder?  Come down and have lunch on the water!  See you in the Hole......, Dinner tonight @ 5pm.......Citrus-miso Glazed North Atlantic Salmon with chorizo-grilled pineapple fried brown rice and Szechuan stir-fry veggies + The Bubble Bake for 2! Come have dinner on the water tonight!  See you in the Hole......, Bubble Bake for 2 tonight,  Come have one on the water.  Weather is perfect!! See you in the Hole......, Dinner @ Phusion........Banana Leaf Wrapped Monkfish with steamed brown rice and stir-fry veggies and the Bubble Bake for 2!  See you in the Hole......., Lunch @ Phusion.......Grown-Up Grilled Cheese with Arugula Salad,  Teriyaki Chicken Kula Salad,  Nathan's Hot Dog Roll-Ups,  Grilled Swordfish BLT's!   Come check out the Woods Hole Farmers Market across the street and have lunch on the water!  See you in the Hole......, Slight overcast today, but I think it's gonna burn off.  Lunch on the water today, Grilled Mahi Caesar Salad,  Pulled Duck Quesadillas, Kobe Burgers,  and Lobster Rolls!  See you in the Hole......, Dinner tonight @ 5pm.......crispy togarashi dusted calamari with a trio of sauces,  Mini lobster PB&J's,  Colorado Lamb Chops with cilantro-mint vinaigrette,  Blackened Ahi Tuna Nicoise Salad with passion fruit-chili vinaigrette and of course the Phusion Bubble Bake for 2!  See you in the Hole......, Dinner at 5pm tonight,  Kahana Black Ribs in a passion fruit-plum sauce,  P.E.I Mussels in coconut-lemongrass-saffron broth,  Giannone Farms all natural half chicken with shitake-lemongrass risotto and natural jus,  Almond-Ginger Crusted North Atlantic Salmon in a Plum Wine Reduction and as always we have the Bubble bake for 2 and the Phu-Burger!  See you in the Hole......, lunch on the water today,  come check out our new lunch special.........half of a lobster roll with fries and a cup of clam chowder!  See you in the Hole......, New dessert on the menu, Coconut-Banana Cream Pie with Chinese 5 spice whipped cream, caramelized banana, and toasted coconut!  Come down and try one tonight!  See you in the Hole......, Dinner @ 5pm.......Crispy togarashi dusted calamari with  a trio of sauces,  Lobster Corn Dogs with hot-sweet Chinese mustard,  Blackened Ahi tuna Nicoise Salad with passion fruit-chili vinaigrette,  Ital style braised tofu in a spicy coconut-lime sauce over brown rice and of course the Bubble Bake for 2!!! Phusion Grille, the place to be!  See you in the Hole......, Live music on the water!!  Great food, Great Tunes, Great drinks,  What could be better than that on a Sunday afternoon?  See you in the Hole......., Dinner @ 5pm tonight!  Come by for a Phu-Burger or The Bubble Bake for 2!  See you in the Hole......., What are you doing for lunch today??  Head down to Phusion and try our new lunch special.......Half of a lobster roll with fries and a cup of chowder,  doesn't get more Cape Cod than that!!  See you in the Hole......, The Bubble Bake for 2 tonight @ Phusion!!!  Come down and try one!!  See you in the Hole......, Blackened Mahi Sandwich for lunch today?  Come down to Phusion and one on the water!  See you in the Hole......., How about a Pulled Duck Quesadilla with Asian BBQ Sauce and Cilantro-Lime Creme for lunch today???  See you in the Hole......, Dinner tonight @ 5pm........Steamed PEI Mussels in Coconut-Lemongrass-Saffron Broth,  Blackened Ahi Tuna Nicoise Salad,  Szechuan Marinated Pineland Farms Flat Iron Steak with Thai Chili Sauce,  and of course the Bubble Bake for 2 and Phu-Burgers.  Come have a great dinner on the water tonight!  See you in the Hole....., It's a beautiful day on the water, Come down and have lunch on it........Fried Clams,  Pulled Duck Quesadillas,  Kobe Burgers, and Lobster Corn Dogs!  See you in the Hole....., Bubble Baking and Phu Burgering tonight @ Phusion!  Dinner at 5pm, Come down and have dinner on the water tonight.  See you in the Hole...., How about this weather, perfect for a Grilled Swordfish BLT, Lobster Roll, Turkey & Proscuitto Roll-up, or a Blackened Mahi Kula Salad on the water for lunch!! See you in the Hole......., Sunday lunch on the water......Asian Veggie Burgers w/ Pineapple-Chili Aioli,  Smoked Turkey & Proscuitto Roll-Ups,  Blackened Mahi Kula Salads, Lobster Corn Dogs.  Check out the Woods Hole Farmers Market right across the street, meet Eric the Pirate and have a great lunch @ Phusion!!  See you in the Hole....., Dinner @ 5pm.......Ahi Poke, Lobster PB&J's,  Oven Roasted Local Cod with Heirloom Tomato Vinaigrette, Mango-Black Pepper Glazed Pork Chop and of course the Bubble Bake for 2 and the Phu Burger!!  See you in the Hole....., Lunch on the water today.......Teriyaki Chicken Sandwich,  Hot Dog Roll-Ups,  Kobe Burgers, and Grilled Swordfish Caesar Salads!  The weather is beautiful and Eric the Pirate is across the street, what more can you ask for??  See you in the Hole....., Open @ 5 for dinner.......Crispy Lamb & Chili Dumplings with Minted Guava Sambal,  Grilled Colorado Lamb Chops with Cilantro-Mint Vinaigrette, Shrimp & Day Boat Scallop Scampi in a Pineapple-Sake-Butter Sauce.  Phu-Burgers and Bubble Bakes as always!! See you in the Hole......, Dinner tonight @ 5pm.......Almond-Ginger Crusted North Atlantic Salmon, Gianone Farms Natural Half Chicken, Kahana Black Ribs, and of course The Phu-Burger and Bubble Bake for 2!!  See you in the Hole....., Lunch on the water today.......Grilled Chicken Kula Salad, Blackened Mahi Sandwich, Pulled Duck Quesadilla, Lobster Rolls!!  See you @ Phusion....., Dinner tonight @ 5pm......come down for a Blackened Ahi Tuna Nicoise Salad w/Passion fruit-chili vinaigrette or Oven Roasted Local Cod w/Heirloom Tomato Vinaigrette.  And as always we are "Bubble Baking" in the Hole!! See you there......, The Hot Dog Roll-Up @ Phusion.......2 Nathan's hot dogs rolled with French fries, aged cheddar, Cole slaw, and tomato!! Come have 1 on the water for lunch!! See you in the Hole......, Open for dinner tonight!  Have you tried the "Bubble Bake for 2" yet?? What are you waiting for?  Not a seafood fan.....Try the Mango-Black Pepper glazed Pork Chop or the Szechuan Marinated Grilled Flat-Iron Steak!  See you in the Hole....., Lunch with a view....., How about a Grilled Swordfish BLT, Fried Clams, Kobe Cheeseburger, or Blackened Mahi Caesar Salad on the water today for lunch?? Phusion Grille......Great food, Great view.  See you in the Hole!!, Open for dinner tonight @ 5pm..........Come down to the Hole and get "Baked".  You know what I'm talking about!, It's a "Phu-Burger" kind of night in the Hole!!, "Bubble Baking" tonight @ Phusion!!, Lunch and live music on the water today!! Come down to Phusion for good jams & good eats! See you in the Hole....., Is open for lunch!! Come down to Woods Hole for lunch on the water!  Blackened Mahi sandwich,  Kobe burgers,  lobster rolls,  fried clams, and more.  See you at Phusion!, Open @ 5pm for dinner tonight........Have you tried the lobster corn dogs or the lobster "PB&J" yet??  Come down to the Hole tonight and see what's up!!, null, Last night of Restaurant Week,  Open @ 5pm for dinner.  Come check out our 3 course Prix Fixe menu! Come down to Phusion and get "baked" tonight......."Bubble Bake" that is!!!, Open for dinner @ 5pm........"toybox tomato" and fresh mozzarella martini, "Phu-Burgers", and The "Bubble Bake for 2".  Come down to the Hole and see what's happening!!, Open @ 5pm for dinner tonight, Come down and check out our Restaurant Week 3 course Prix Fixe Menu!  See you @ Phusion!, Restaurant week this week,  come down and check out our 3 course Prix Fixe menu!! Open @ 5pm for dinner...........See you tonight!, Come down to Phusion tonight for dinner, open @ 5pm.  Check out our Crispy Lamb & Chili Dumplings with minted guava sambal.  We have 1"Bubble Bake for 2"........who's gonna be the lucky couple??  See you in the Hole!!, Open for dinner tonight @ 5pm........togarashi dusted crispy fried calamari w/ a trio of sauces,  The "Phu-Burger",  and The "Bubble Bake for 2".  See you tonight!!, Thanks for the great turn-out for our 1st Wine Dinner of the season last night!  We are open for dinner tonight @ 7pm after a private function, take the drive down to Woods Hole...............you'll be glad you did!, Dessert course, Course 4, Course 3, Course 2, Wine dinner.......course 1, Happy Mother's Day.........Bring mom down to the Hole for the Phusion "Bubble Bake" for 2. Includes 2 complimentary glasses of champagne.  Open for dinner @ 5pm!!!  See you down there!, Dinner tonight @ 5pm featuring the "Phu-Burger"!!  Come by and see what it's all about!!, Stop by for dinner tonight @ 5pm!  Kahana Black Ribs in Passion fruit-Plum Sauce,  Lobster Corn Dogs,  PEI Mussels in coconut-lemongrass-saffron broth,  Local Cod with heirloom tomato vinaigrette,  Szechuan Marinated Flat-Iron Steak with sweet Thai chili sauce................See you down in the Hole!!, Open at 5pm for dinner tonight.  Come by and check out the new menu!!, We are open for dinner tonight @ 5pm........Come by and see us!!, null, The "Phu" is back......., Soon come...........Are you ready?!?!?!, Some returning guest faves_______Kahana Black Ribs,  PEI mussels in a coconut-lemongrass- saffron broth,  Ahi Poke,  Pacific Rim Cioppino,  Local Cod with heirloom tomato vinaigrette.   OPENING Friday April 29 @ 5 pm for dinner!!, We are kicking off the 2011 season on Friday April 29!!!  Also, our Annual "Luau Ke Aloha" wine dinner will be Weds May 11.  Wine dinner menu and 2011 dinner menu teasers to be posted soon., Getting ready for the 2011 season!!!  New menu teasers, Opening Date, and our annual "Luau Ke Aloha" wine dinner info will be dropping soon!!!  Just let me know when the weather gets above 50 degrees and I am 95 north......., Guess who's back..........Back again........, Luau Ke Aloha 2010, Luau Ke Aloha 2010, Luau Ke Aloha 2010, Luau Ke Aloha 2010, Luau Ke Aloha 2010, Luau Ke Aloha, Luau Ke Aloha 2010, Luau Ke Aloha 2010, Luau Ke Aloha 2010, null, null, Great turn-out last night for the "Luau Ke Aloha '10".............Pictures soon come., null, Opening Night Tonight!!   Come by and check out the new menu., Phusion is opening for dinner Wednesday night May 5, 2010!!!  Come check us out, Get ready for Phusion to kick off the 2010 season the beginning of May, working the new menu as we speak.  Look for our traditional "Luau ke aloha" wine dinner and opening date to be posted shortly, as well as a teaser of the new menu............Soon come!, null, null, Is wah gwaan..........., October 1,2009....Ed Hardy Wine Dinner.  Menu and info to be posted soon, make your reservations early, Thanks for the great turn-out for the A Hui Hou Wine Dinner last night.....you know who you are, is Blackened Mahi Caesar Salad, Kalua Duck Quesadillas, Creole Fried Ipswich Clams, and Kahana Black Ribs.....Come check out lunch at Phusion, http://www.capecodonline.com/apps/pbcs.dll/article?AID=/20090603/LIFE/906030304/-1/LIFE02, Phusion Grille is open for lunch....Kobe Burgers, Huli Huli Chicken, Blackened Mahi, Creole Fried Clam Bellies, Passionfruit Lobster Rolls....., Water Street drawbridge open for traffic today at 5pm!!, null, null, null, null, null, 19 hours till lift off!  i gotta get home for some shut eye, 2 DAYS TILL BLAST OFF!, Phusion Grille is kicking off Summer season "09 Wednesday night May 6!! Come check out the new menu!!, null, null, null, Get Ready...Phusion is kicking off the '09 season mid April!!, null, null)