List(Let us romance you! Fox 25 names the top 10 most romantic restaurants in Boston, we are proud to be in great company. Hope to see you in soon!, We are proud to welcome our new, exceptionally talented pastry chef, Shaun Velez., Cozy on up to our fireplace, it's perfect this time of year! Reservations: http://deuxave.com/reservations, Thank you Timeout.com for naming Deuxave one of the most romantic restaurants in Boston, we are humbled to be in such amazing company., Looking for a place to ring in the New Year?  We still have tables available.  We will be serving an amazing 4 course tasting menu.  Come celebrate 2016 with us!!

http://deuxave.com/news, Come by and try today's Mother's Pick.  Our talented staff is ready to serve., "The Best or Nothing," Our Chef Chris Coombs sets the standard for the Deuxave team. We are thankful to have him at our helm., Still don't have plans for Thanksgiving? Come join us from 12 pm- 8 pm for a wonderful meal. There are still some spots left, grab them before they are all gone!, We are so very proud of our sous chef Stefanie Bui for her #30under30  award from Zagat!!!, No plans on a Monday night?  Truffle Season is upon us!!  Join us for a lovely meal tonight., Our bar team is welcoming Fall with a new assortment of cocktails. Stop on by and try one of these delicious drinks., Come join us for dinner while the weather is fine and our patio is still open!!  Not many more days left of patio weather.  Plus, if it gets a bit chilly we have heat lamps to keep you warm!, Thank you Eater Boston for a lovely article on our 5 years achievement!!, Another Beautiful engagement in the Deuxave Dining room tonight, we wish you many years of happiness together!, Our hours of operation will be changing moving forward. Sunday through Thursday our kitchen will be open from 5pm to 10pm; Friday and Saturday from 5pm to 11pm. Our bar hours are now Sunday through Wednesday until 12am and Thursday through Saturday until 1am. Join us and enjoy a delicious meal and a beverage or two!, Now offering a 5 course $99 Chef's Tasting Menu!  Come and have our chefs make you a meal you will never forget!, Monday Blues? Come in and join us for this evenings Mother's Pick.

Peach Infused Rye 
Combier Orange
Allspice Dram
Egg
Orange Juice
Wormwood Bitters, September 1st is just a few days away!  That means Deuxave will be turning 5 years old!!  There are still some spots left to come celebrate with us and enjoy a lovely 5 course tasting menu with wine pairings.  For more information or to make a reservation do not hesitate to contact us., Would You Trust This Man to Make Your Craft Cocktail? Come See Chris O'neill at the Deuxave Bar. #LookThePart, We will be celebrating our Five Year Anniversary on September 1st, 2015.  Come celebrate with us that evening as our chefs have prepared a luxurious five course tasting menu with especially paired wines for each course!  Reservations are going quick, so contact us to make yours.  Thank you for the continued support and cheers to another five more years!!, Banh mi for family meal today. No one is talking..everyone is eating! Thank you Chef Stef Bui!, We are Humbled to Serve You, Our Wonderful Back Bay Neighborhood. We are honored to Be Recognized By The Improper Bostonian as Boston's Best. Thank you for All of your Support!, null, A Great Recipe from our Sister Restaurant, Have a great Memorial Day Weekend!, Our Mother's pick tonight, with flower garnish planted by Mother: crimson berry vodka, lemon, & vanilla simple., Join us for marathon Monday @ Deuxave for a tasty lunch!, Happy Marathon Monday! Come see us for lunch along The Marathon Route!, Join us for an extraordinary Easter Brunch or Dinner, we have few reservations left here:
http://www.opentable.com/deuxave-reservations-boston?rid=44722&restref=44722&d=04/05/2015, Check out our Executive Chef Christopher Coombs on CNBC today discussing the snowy impact on the restaurant industry, From Today's Boston Globe., Thanks CBS.com for naming us in your list of Boston's Most Romantic Restaurants, Thanks TimeOut Boston for "Most Romantic Restaurant in Boston!", Perigord truffled Giannone chicken. It's truffle season @deuxave!, We are Gearing up for New Years Eve! Where will you be? We have 4 Dining Room Tables and 2 lounge Tables Left for our New Years Eve Extravaganza! Call 617-517-5915 to book before they are gone!, Great to see Chef Chris Coombs on CBS This Morning this past weekend, here is the clip if you missed it! With recipes attached!, "Old books, old stories, old recipes, old people (they know how to drink.)" —Kevin Murphy, operations manager of Deuxave, We're excited to join Food for Thought to "Eat to fight Alzheimer's" @ Catalyst Restaurant  , null, ALS Challenge accomplished! We will be sending a check in if anyone wants to contribute with us., Chef Chris Coombs doesn't often cook Chicken, Rice and Broccoli, But when he does, it is for Dorm Room Chef., Thank You Boston Magazine! We Are Honored! #bestofboston, Thanks Zagat for naming us in their top 10 Date Night Boston Restaurants!  Who needs a date?, Hungry before the #billyjoel #concert in #boston ? We have 4 tables left on our Commonwealth Ave. Terrace! Call 617-517-5915 to book! Or feel free to walk in!, Here we go..James Beard House., We love soft shell crab season at Deuxave! Tonight with braised pork belly and Frog Hollow Farm apricots., How our kitchen is fueling up for the day: house-made English muffins, eggs, ramp aioli, and pickles courtesy of our very own Chef Adrienne!, Crab cakes with basil pistou at Deuxave tonight!, Chef and auctioneer Chris Coombs at Heading Home auction!, Our gorgeous plum tree is in bloom, Bring on patio season, Your once-a-year chance for a Deuxave burger has arrived!!, Putting Mom to work to beautify for spring!, Trio of seafood tonight at Deuxave! Scallop Crudo, Razor Clams, Tobiko, Black Radish, Compressed Apple, Cilantro & Mint Vin, Rhubarb Gelee, Pickled Jalapeños, Tempura Crisp. Delicious!, The  Deuxave kitchen is excited for new Spring produce! We are highlighting rhubarb in our foie appetizer. It features variations of rhubarb and a foie gras macaroon!, Nothing like a Double Magnum of 09 Hillside Select to brighten a rainy day., Monday got you down?  Come cool off with a Aloe Saki cocktail at Deuxave!, Congrats to Every one of our wonderful employees who have worked so hard for this!, SO Proud of our Entire Team, Gaining Recognition From Travel and Leisure Magazine as an Editor's Favorite!, One of our favorites from last night! Nothing says I love you like foie gras!, Romantic dining destinations in Boston for Valentine's Day!
http://www.necn.com/02/12/14/Romantic-dining-destinations-in-Boston-f/landing.html?blockID=862781&feedID=11106, New on our menu! Coleman's Pork three ways: Roasted pork tenderloin, pork sausage, vol-au-vent with bacon jam and compressed pear, smoked pistachios, Parisienne gnocchi, poached and roasted pears., Getting ready to serve 600 at the Mohegan Sun food festival!, Coriander Crusted Tuna, White Beans, Chorizo, Brussels, Cippolini Onion & "Red Jam" Satsuma Tangerine, GCR Puree, Garlic Chips, #winter #Food #Boston, Congrats to Boston Chops and Chef Chris Coombs for making the cover of Food and Wine Magazine this Month!, Just a reminder that Deuxave will be closed tomorrow, Friday, January 3rd for a private event.  Check our our other restaurants instead! Boston Chops and dbar. Happy New Year!, We are closed tonight, so join us tomorrow at 5:00 for cocktails and dinner. Happy New Year!, Happy New Year's Eve from all of us at Deuxave! Tonight's special menu features sweet pan-seared Nantucket Bay scallops, house-made ravioli filled with smoked celeriac, crispy pancetta, pumpkin seed aioli, and Meyer lemon!, Just a friendly notice to all of our friends and family: We will be closed on New Year's Day (This Wednesday) and for a Private Event this Friday the 3rd! Visit our other restaurants on Friday: Boston Chops in the South End and dbar in Dorchester!, Millbrook venison, duet of sunchoke, puffed bulgher black truffle, mustard greens., If you are venturing out this evening, Deuxave will be closed  for a private event. Our sister restaurants, Boston Chops and dbar will be open!, null, We know it's snowing outside... but its RAININ' truffles at Deuxave!, Dessert from our truffle tasting menu Wednesday night. Chocolate cremeaux, truffle caramel, truffle ice cream and candied hazelnuts., Huge Congrats to our Chef de Cuisine Adrienne Wright Mosier on her honors as Zagat 30 under 30! We are So very Proud of You!, Welcome to the team Jaime Davis ! What a beautiful debut pastry menu at Deuxave., So proud of the team here at Deuxave, still ranked #1 on TripAdvisor out of 2,770 restaurants in Boston for 6 months in a row! , Our Deuxave boys on Thanksgiving day. Family!, We are Sold Out For Thanksgiving this Year, but If you would Like to Taste some of the Delicious food that we will be serving, Here are a some of Chef Chris Coombs' Thanksgiving Favorites, Tune in to WGBH tonight at 7pm for more Thanksgiving Day tips!, We have new menu items at Deuxave! #1 Grade yellowfin tuna, creamy chorizo-studded cannellini beans with squash purée. Alongside is a salad of roasted baby brussels sprouts, seared cipollini onions, and satsuma tangerine. It's as tasty as it looks!, Now that's valet service at Deuxave!, A celebration of locally foraged hen of the woods mushrooms!, Simple beauty of a chef's work, Local scallops, truffled sweet potato gnocchi, duo of kale, braised endive, red currant gastrique, crispy shallots, Beautiful native red currants! Stay tuned for our fall menu changes..., Our new halibut dish, with mussels, chorizo vinaigrette, corn & custard, compressed celery, red potato, and table side fennel nage., A Night At Smolak Farms, Tonight Chef de Cuisine Adrienne Wright becomes Chef de Cusine Adrienne Mosier! Congrats Chef! With Viktoriya Coombs, & sous chef Stef Bui, Seared foie, bourbon-corn butter,  corn custard, smoked and marinades chantelles, variations of blueberry, pea shoots. Come celebrate the short corn season with us!, Thank you Remi Williams for your 26 months of dedication to  Deuxave. Best of luck at your Michelin Starred London destination., Would you trust this man to make you a delicious craft cocktail? This is Chris O'Neill, Deuxave's Expert Mixologist., Bastille Day Preparations Underway, looking forward to seeing everyone tomorrow for a glass of pastis and a celebration!, Love watermelon? We've got Duo of Watermelon Salad with Crispy Braised Pork Belly. It features ginger-compressed watermelon, grilled scallions, watermelon radish, cucumber, black garlic and soy vinaigrette.  Come check it out!, Come join us on the patio for a glass of dessert bubbles and our new Strawberry and Rhubarb Cream with Cookie Crumble and Strawberry Sorbet! Yum., Beautiful marbling in our prime beef!, Congrats To Our Sister Restaurant Boston Chops For Being Listed as One of the Top 16 New Restaurants in America to open in 2013 By Zagat!, Soft shell crabs make their first appearance of the season! Gribiche, Asparagus & Spring Pickles, Deuxave is finally old enough to earn its own vertical of DRC 2008-2009-2010!, Thank you to The Culture Trip for Listing Deuxave in the 10 Great Restaurants in Boston Offering Exceptional dining Experiences. We are humbled by our company and Glad that you enjoyed!, First course willakenzie wine dinner peekeytoe crab salad & rhubarb with 2009 gamay, Bubbly Bar NOW!  Come do it..5-7 at the Deuxave Bar., An Extraordinary WillaKenzie Wine Dinner , Mayor Menino announces "Free parking at meters in the Back Bay through Sunday." Join us for dinner! Online Reservations http://deuxave.com/reservations, Beautiful!!, East Coast Halibut and a Trio of Asparagus, Spring Dug Parsnips, Crispy Mushrooms, and Brioche Lace!, Unfortunately we will not be able to open this evening due to the state of our Extraordinary City., We just did what we could to help yesterday. Our Chef on CNN., The Deuxave burger in all its annual glory!, Come join us for Lunch today!  Once a year Chef Chris Coombs features him Marathon Monday Menu.  Come try the Deuxave Burger, Lobster Roll & Some Fried Clams!  Lunch is now until 4pm.  Dinner from 5-8., Vegetarians eat your heart out. Carrot arancini and halloumi, variations of carrots, sunchokes, and beets, Our fearless Chef:
http://thefoodiejournal.com/blog/2013/3/29/the-idea-of-perfect-food-interviewing-chef-chris-coombs-of-deuxave, We are Dreaming about Spring! The First signs are showing up, rhubarb, green garlic, Green Garbanzo, & Spring Onions. So we will be Ready to roll out a new menu as soon as we melt all of this snow! Until then.... French Onion Soup!, Comfort food for a cold winter day: Coq au Vin Reincarnated, A trio of heart of palm and crab salad, citrus and celery. Tonight's killer special at Deuxave, Bubble Bar NOW!  Do it!, Celebrating Valentine's Day a little late?  Come start with some bubbles at Deuxave today at 5:00 for Bubbly Bar! Yes, some of them are pink!, Look at these lovebirds! Whole roast duck for two to start the Valentine's Day celebration early, Everyone needs a little more sunshine this time of year. At Deuxave it comes in the form of Kumquat Chutney with our Colorado Lamb., Opening for service tonight! please be safe and we suggest you walk or cab over since we don't have valet service.  We do however have award wining cuisine and a killer wine list., We Couldn't Be More Proud To Announce our First Ever Chef de Cuisine: Adrienne Wright, Black bass is back!, Bubbly Bar tonight from 5-7!  Great way to start the weekend.  Come get your bubble on., Join us for Bubbly Bar at Deuxave today from 5 until 7!  Start the weekend off with some bubbles!!  I'll have some really special champagnes open for you to try..., Best steak and egg in town, guaranteed. Wagyu A10 and Ameraucana egg., We are Humbled and Honored to Be a Part of the Wall Street Journal Ten Most Memorable Meals of 2012, For our James Beard House Dinner: "From Bill To Tail a Passion For Duck"  CHEERS to Many More Great Meals served in 2013!, We Are Proud & Honored Today Have Our Executive Chef Christopher Coombs Represent Boston on The Forbes 30 under 30 list! Congrats Chef!, A gift from some very talented foragers! Chef Chris Coombs' favorite ingredient of spring, the Morel Mushroom just arrived in December! We will be featuring 10# of this Spring star this week! Morels & Truffles anyone?, Whole roasted chicken for 2 studded with black perigourd truffles just out of the oven..., Perigourd black truffle stuffed whole roasted chicken for 2 is now on the menu at Deuxave!, Chef Adrienne wright sizes up the 96# local halibut from scituate!, Congrats Chef Coombs for winning  Zagats 30 Under 30: Boston's Hottest Up-and-Comers. http://blog.zagat.com/2012/11/30-under-30-bostons-hottest-up-and.html, Cooking at the James Beard House tonight! So excited!, Searing duck bacon!, Prepping all day for Chef Coombs' cameo at the Beard House!, Top 50 Restaurants in Boston, We are thrilled to be on that list!
http://www.bostonmagazine.com/articles/2012/10/50-best-restaurants-2012/3/, We are braving the storm to serve you, we will be open Tonight!, Join us for 'Bubbly Bar' at 5:00 today!  What better than to have Champagne bubbles to start the weekend!  We'll have some special sparklers open including our very special -de Sousa, 'Merveille', Brut, Avize, Champagne- One of only 2 spots in the whole city to carry it!  See you at 5:00, Watch our Chef Chris Coombs Prepare Cider Braised Duck Legs On NBC's the Dish with Sarah French. This is a great dish to make at home to really impress!, We hit the spot with our Marksman! 
http://www.improper.com/going-out/hits-the-spot/, null, Full buyout Wedding tonight! We are ready to go!, One month away from our debut dinner at The James Beard House
"From Bill to Tail, A Passion for Duck" we will hope to see you there!, Look for chef Chris Coombs on NBC channel 7 "The Dish", Cookin it up for Lovelane at a Dedham farm tonight.  Lovelane is a great charity that helps kids with disabilities ride horses!, Join us for Bubbly Bar right now! It's Chandon Day at Deuxave...4 different types of Chandon bubbles! We will be serving them until at least 7:00 tonight!, An Extraordinary Wine dinner with David Adelsheim! Monday October 1st @6:30, It's the weekend right now!  Join us for some cold refreshing bubbles at Bubbly Bar. We'll be popping bottles for the next couple hours. Happy Weekend!, While You Were Sleeping This Morning, Chef Chris Coombs was Making Heirloom Tomato Salad with this easy 6 ingredient Recipe on NECN, Our Chefs Chris Coombs and Remi Williams Demo Grilling Duck on NECN, do try this at home!, Join us for Bubbly Bar starting at 5:00! It's prosecco day! The perfect end to a long week., We're Cooking Dinner on a Farm Wednesday night!  , Join us for Bubbly Bar right now!  It's Chandon Day at Deuxave...4 different types of Chandon bubbles!  We will be serving them until at least 7:00 tonight!, Come cool off with one of our refreshing summer cocktails!  The Dragonfly, the Skeleton Key, the Fresh Princess and the Blueberry Caipirinha!, Executive Chef Coombs is Cookin' with Costa

http://www.necn.com/07/14/12/Cookin-with-Costa-Duck-Confit-Salad/landing_tvdiner.html?blockID=740266&feedID=4409, Now featuring Bubbly Bar every Friday from 5-7 pm!  Start the weekend right, We're all excited about the beautiful and delicious new dishes that chef has created! Come have dinner on the patio and try them yourself., So Proud of Giselle Miller Our Pastry Sous Chef at Deuxave Her Dessert "Variations Of Chocolate and Strawberry" was Featured on the Cover of The Food Section in The Boston Globe Today! A Great Article by Devra about the Importance of being a Stage., Off menu outdoor action, Deuxave's Crispy Fried Pig's Headcheese!
http://www.thrillist.com/food/boston/ma/02115/back-bay/deuxaves-crispy-fried-pigs-headcheese_outdoors, Jason Irving our talented sommelier uncorks some bubbles for his Bubbly Bar
 http://bostonherald.com/entertainment/food_dining/food/view/20220620summer_uncorked_hub_chefs_toast_season_with_champagne_pairings/, 14 Best lobster dishes in Boston, and we got #1 at Deuxave! Our Night Moves Scituate Lobster with Gnocchi was picked for National Lobster Day.  We've named it after our local fisherman's boat who catches our lobster.

http://bostinno.com/2012/06/13/national-lobster-day-is-coming-14-best-lobster-dishes-in-boston-that-dont-involve-the-word-roll/#ss__166802_1_0__ss, Our hot ad in COUP Boston magazine!, Chef Coombs has quite a catch on the menu, Quinalult River Blue Back Salmon
http://bostonherald.com/search/?topic=singular+salmon&searchSite=recent&x=0&y=0#articleFull, Next Thursday June 14th is the Sommelier Challenge over at Legal's Harborside with our GM/Sommelier Jason Irving competing against his friend and colleague Brahm Callahan of Grill 23.  Check out the link for tickets and go support Jason and Deuxave!, First of The Season Quinault River Tribe, Blueback Salmon One of the finest Wild Salmon in the world and we are on of only 10 Restaurants in the Country to Serve it!, A beautiful evening for dinner on our patio with gorgeous Back Bay views.  Let us serve you dinner!, our patio is in full swing for Marathon Monday, come on down!, Tomorrow we're open all day for Marathon Monday. We have a special lunch menu and outdoor bar on our patio staring at 11am!, Tonight we are carbo loading with great pasta specials!, Beautiful new planters on our patio, come enjoy spring with us!, Happy Easter,  We've extended our dinner hours from 11am-8pm to serve you on the glorious holiday!, Come down and visit the ladies of Deuxave!, Nothing Says Welcome to Deuxave Quite Like Tori & Allison, Come By the Bar, Have A Drink, Bite to Eat and Say hello!, At taste of the Back Bay tonight at the Pru, come say hi!, Great showing tonight at the Boston Spirit executive networking event!, http://www.socialete.com/2012/03/25/one-chef-two-destinations/, Our beautiful Commonwealth Ave patio is open!  Come  enjoy the Back Bay skyline with an extraordinary meal!, The Vanilla Passionfruit Cooler.. Mothers pick for this beautiful Sunday! Come try one out., http://boston.eater.com/archives/2012/03/15/restaurants-respond-to-boston-blackout-part-ii.php, This will be Vincent's last day on the bar at Deuxave before he moves to Philly... So come grab a drink and say hello or goodbye!!, Deuxave will be closed again tonight as a result of the back bay power outage. We hope to see you all tomorrow night!, Corton Bressandes 09' a happy sommelier to have the last 6 bottles in the state of massachusetts!, null, null, A leg up for leap year, we are serving Frog Legs! Chef Chris Coombs is topping off a $14 frogs’ legs appetizer with garlic, parsley, gnocchi and onion., A pretty important day in history for wine geeks! I was in amazing local and international company today at the Palace Hotel in Manhattan: local fellow somms: Brahm Callahan-Grill 23, Todd Lipman-Bistro du Midi, Erich Schliebe- L'Espalier. The co-owner, Aubert de Villaine is a rock star in my book! Viva la DRC!, Indulge Inspire Imbibe, add this Back Bay restaurant to your Boston must visit list for sure!  Deuxave on Urbanspoon, The final hour Of Voting For Hottest Chef! Please Take the time to Vote For our Chef Christopher Coombs! Thank You all so much!, Please take time to vote for our Chef Chris Coombs for Hottest chef 2012!!! This is the finals!, 10 minutes left, trailing in second place! Please vote!, http://boston.eater.com/archives/2012/02/14/hot-chefs-semifinals-barros-coombs-mei-and-love.php, null, null, Thanks 40-Something for the incredible review! , Thanks TableCritic for the great review!, Our Mother's Pick for the evening... Mezcal Sour, made with fresh orange, ginger & Aztec chocolate., Check out our beautiful new Boston Chefs' page!, We are taking our deserving hardworking staff out for a wild and crazy company party tonight after a successful marathon holiday season...  so we must close for the evening., Ringing in the New Year at Deuxave! Happy New Year!, Eggnog for the holidays! Your choice of rum or cognac done with tahitian vanilla & a brûlée of sugar. . ., One of Our Favorite Dishes of this Fall // Early Winter at Deuxave, A Duet of Veal,  Beautifully Captured By Our Photographer Andy Ryan., Deuxave gift cards make a perfect holiday gift.  Order them online here with free shipping!, A few  of our NEW COCKTAILS to take us through the holidays!! A fun tea infusion, an ode to the Manhattan and a great new tequila drink with citrus & Chartreuse!, Friends of Christopher Coombs and Deuxave, I wanted to humbly ask you to take a couple minutes and help get Chris nominated for this years James Beard "Rising Star Chef" award. This year you can go online and nominate and at 26 Chris is a perfect candidate (chefs must be under 30 for this nomination).

Rising Star Chef of the Year:
A chef age 30 or younger who displays an impressive talent and who is likely to make a significant impact on the industry in years to come., Mothers pick anyone? Aged rum, with organic maple syrup and fresh lemon., Considering letting someone else do the cooking for you this Thanksgiving? Let us!, Today the Boston Globe Says of Deuxave "This Elegant Restaurant has a Michelin-Star Quality" Now if We Could Only Get Michelin to Boston to Say That!, Come in and try our Mother's Pick tonight! Red tea infused vodka with fresh lemon, chartreuse & fall spices., Deuxave... one year in!, Rare Mushrooms even More Costly, But still Available at Deuxave!, Thinking about Thanksgiving dinner already?  Make a reservation for our extraordinary Thanksgiving menu , null, Congrats chef Coombs and sommelier Irving for an amazing Chaine dinner worthy of the plate!, And then comes the plate!, Chaine des Rotisseurs tasting dinner for 66, no sweat!, Our sommelier Jason Irving inspecting the soil and vines of Domaine Romanée-Conti in Vosne-Romanée Burgundy, France that we carry on our extraordinary wine list.  Many consider this the best 1er and Grand Cru Pinot Noir producing land on the planet., Fall is back & so is the Boggy Collins!! Vodka, heirloom cranberries, burnt cinnamon and ginger., A Fantastic Article in Today's food Section of the boston Globe! Enjoy!, A beautiful evening for dinner on our Commonwealth Avenue Patio, not too many left so savor it up!, Come in for our Mother's Pick tonight! Espresso Martini with Patron XO & chocolate., Check out what our guests have to say about us!, null, Check out Vince's words of wisdom on cocktail creations in the latest issue of Stuff Magazine! Oh yah, and come in and try a New-Groni!, Salut to Deuxave GM Jason Irving's former Four Seasons colleagues for making it to our first anniversary party!, ONE night for the record books!, Today is our 362nd day of service, and what a beautiful night for dinner on our Commonwealth Ave patio!, null, Don't look for Restaurant week madness here, we are doing what we do best all year long!, Thank you Flower.  "Deuxave lacks ABSOLUTELY NOTHING! Seriously, I haven't been this impressed by a restaurant / bar in Boston since Mistral. It is small, cozy, so incredibly elegant all piecing together a beautiful environment" , Featured on TV Diner  Diner For a Day , Happy Bastille, It's almost 5pm, We are celebrating Bastille day today.  We are serving a Green Hour Cocktail to reference to the 5 o'clock hour in southern France where people would often enjoy a glass of absinthe near the beginning of it's revival in the eighteen hundreds., Deuxave Celebrates Bastille Day Tomorrow!, Happy Fourth from Deuxave.  You can't see it, but those cufflinks are blinking Red, White & Blue!  Come join us for dinner before the fireworks!, Champagne on our Commonwealth Ave patio hits the spot tonight!, Come check out our Strawberry-Mint Smash! So delicious and refreshing., Boston Globe says we are one of Boston's Best New Restaurants!, Swing into summer, front page Herald!, What a beautiful evening for dinner on our patio.  It's the only street level patio on Commonwealth Avenue in the Back Bay!, We are one of only 8 restaurants in the nation to get this rare wild salmon from Quinault River.   Many regard this Blueback Sockeve Salmon as the "Worlds Finest!"  Come in early before we run out., Talk about Chris and Jason being excited for wine deliveries today: DRC Romanee St. Vivant!! Viva Vivant!, Education at it's best at Deuxave: WINE CLASS, Our spring menu on Grub Street, time to make a ressy!, The incredible view from our kitchen tonight, as we cook for "The Heading Home" event.  An amazing fundraiser to help the homeless., Thanks Jill for the Mother's Day plug on the radio today!, We are serving a special 3-course Mother's Day Brunch from 12 noon – 8 PM for $65. , Piccini, Coombs, and Menino At PFLAG, View from our kitchen tonight!, View from our kitchen tonight!, Doing our good deed and cooking for 350 guests at the PLAG fundraiser tonight!, We still have some Easter Sunday last minute dinner reservations available.  We are serving out tried and true dinner menu starting at noon tomorrow!  Make your reservation online here: http://www.opentable.com/deuxave-reservations-boston?restref=44722, Spring has sprung just in time for Easter dinner at Deuxave!  Reserve your table.  We are serving our exceptional dinner menu starting at noon., Great outdoor spot at Deuxave today!  We are in the thick of it!, Our patio will be open for cocktails and lunch tomorrow at 11am for Marathon Monday.  We're excited for our first year on the rout!, Deuxave's winning fare in the Boston Herald, We've got one good lookin' and talented management staff!, Full moon view from the Deuxave dining room!  What a beautiful setting, It's Restaurant Week and we're NOT participating!  We're serving our extraordinary cuisine at the same great value we serve the rest of the year!, Giselle working her pastry magic!, We need a favor, If everyone of our fans takes a second and vote, Chef Chris will win this Extraordinary Award!
http://polldaddy.com/poll/4554875/, Harvard says "Back Bay Delights French-style fare just this side of decadent", We are closed tonight celebrating 5 awesome months and holidays!  Look at this bottle, it's getting our entire staff drunk!, Deuxave's Fig & Spice Old Fashioned, Inspired by Margaret Schroeder, Created by Vincent Stipo, Come in and cozy on up next to our fireplace tonight!  We are open to serve our neighbors!, The talented man behind our sophisticated cocktail list, Vincent Stipo!, Top 10 Buzzy Boston Restaurants from Zagat!, Happy happy new year!, Only a couple reservations tomorrow for our FINAL INDULGENCE 2010 six course NYE menu! , Boston Globe's Most Memorable dishes of 2010: Deuxave's Duck!
http://www.boston.com/lifestyle/food/gallery/memorabledishes2010?pg=7, Mother's pick tonight, a petite hot toddy!  Mr Stipo's recipe., Some judge you by the company you keep..., http://boston.grubstreet.com/2010/12/globe_releases_best_new_restau.html, Our 100'th day of service!, You can now order gift cards online through our website.  Great gift idea for the hottest new Boston Restaurant!, Our New Years Eve Menu is ready!, Boston Herald Review!, Here's what the black card has to say!, What a beautiful fall day to come in and try Stipo's new fall cocktail, the "Boggy Collins!"  Vodka and fresh cranberry combined with burnt cinnamon, orange, and ginger., City Buzz!, #1, Here we are on TV Diner! Spot any local celebs in the backgrounds?, Vincent Stipo, head of our beverage program on Thrillist! Way to go!, We need volunteer models to sit on our patio today 430-6  for a photo shoot because of the beautiful weather.  We will buy you wine and cocktails for your service!  Stop on by!, Boston Food Rules!, We have Grand Opened!, What a beautiful evening for cocktails on our patio!  It's the only patio in Back Bay overlooking Commonwealth Ave and the mild evenings are numbered as fall sets in., We are full swing taking reservations here:, Our awesome website with all the pertinent info!, BizBash!, Boston Herald!, Zagat guide!, Urbandaddy!, Daily Candy!, We have Opened!  Come on in and check us out!, And the window wraps come down! We soft open tomorrow!, first look at our dining room on Thrillist!, "To sell and dispense food to strangers and travelers, to expose, keep for sale, and to sell ALL ALCOHOLIC BEVERAGES"  Deuxave is Licensed!, And here is V-1 of our website live!, The PR!, A view out our front door.  I took this pic today because this is how things are moving!, Like our new pic?, We're coming soon!)