List(Next Wednesday, April 6, help us welcome our guest charity roller and 2016 Boston Marathon runner, Meghan Goughan! From 6-8pm, Meghan will be rollin’ burritos at our Newton Highlands location to raise money to help bring the Pablove Foundation Shutterbugs photography program to Boston. The Shutterbugs program teaches children living with cancer to develop their creative voice through the art of photography. 

*$10 for a burrito, chips, and salsa!, Have you tried our house-made Horchata? This traditional Mexican drink is made fresh daily from ground almonds, rice milk and cinnamon., Get your burrito fix while giving back to charity! Tonight from 6-8pm Liz Vinci, 2016 Boston Marathon runner, will be rollin' burritos for Next Step. Enjoy your favorite type of burrito with chips & salsa for $10. 

[100% of proceeds benefit Next Step], Steak? Lengua? Perhaps Chicken Ranchero? What type of burrito will you get when you WIN #TuesdayTrivia?, Happy St. Patrick's Day, folks! Don't forget to stop by for your Corned Beef Burrito, rolled with corned beef, steamed cabbage and carrots, along with beans and rice! Available at all Anna's locations., Looking to mix up your normal St. Patrick's Day routine? Say 'slàinte' with our Corned Beef Burritos on Thursday at all Anna's locations!, Looking for a healthy option today? We've got you covered, folks! Our Newton location is offering salad bowls served with your favorite Anna's ingredients., null, Tonight help us welcome our guest charity roller and 2016 Boston Marathon runner, Pat O’Leary!  From 6-8pm Pat will be rollin’ burritos to raise money for Tufts Medical Center, a full-service hospital in conjunction with Floating Hospital for Children. 
 
*$10 for a burrito, chips, and salsa!, Getting saucy on a Friday! #AnnasFriYAY, null, Thank you to everyone who helped celebrate our 7th opening in Newton last night! We look forward to seeing the rest of you today! #NowOpen

*Newton Highlands, 27 Lincoln Street, Good news, Newton…the wait is OVER! We will be opening at 5pm tonight to rock and roll (burritos)!  Join us to celebrate our 7th and largest location – we’ll see you soon!

*Newton Highlands, 27 Lincoln Street, Building a burrito is an art form...yet takes under 20 seconds for our top-notch rollers!, Tomorrow we'll be fighting cancer...with BURRITOS! Join us at our MGH/Beacon Hill location from 6-8pm as we host Boston Marathon runner, Nina Crouse. All proceeds to benefit Dana-Farber Cancer Institute.
*$10 for a burrito, chips, and salsa!, It's Thursday, folks - TREAT YOURSELF! Our Mexican Plate includes a bed of rice piled high with your favorite meat options and toppings. #yum, Bored at work with burritos on the brain? Don't worry...everyone does it. 

Check out our online menu!, In honor of Valentine's Day, Central Square Florist will be giving away a rose and 2 burrito cards to anyone named ANNA! 

* Saturday & Sunday, 9am - 7pm, Can you smell the aroma of sizzlin’ sausage?! Stop by for a breakfast taco, filled with your favorite Anna’s ingredients., HAPPY SNOW DAY! We're #OpenInBOS! Stop by to heat up with one of our spiciest fillings - Chile Verde, Steak en Salsa Roja, or Chicken Ranchero!

***All locations will close at 10pm., As you know, burritos = love. Show someone you care with an Anna’s Taqueria gift card! Available online and in stores., Tomorrow evening we’re fighting cancer, one burrito at a time! Join us at our MGH/Beacon Hill location from 6-8pm as we host Boston Marathon runner, Kevin Pidgeon. All proceeds to benefit Dana-Farber Cancer Institute. Just $10 for a burrito, chips, and salsa!, TGIF! Last chance for a glorious #AnnasFriYAY win!, Gluten free allergy? No problem, folks! Our tacos (with corn tortillas) are gluten free, along with our Mexican Plate!, TGI....Tuesday? #TuesdayTriva to be exact! Who's craving a burrito? http://ow.ly/Xz3su, Don't forget about Anna's Taqueria catering for your New England Patriots party this weekend! We'll help you be the MVF (most valuable friend): http://ow.ly/XpXD6, Did you know it's National Cheese Day?! Whether you prefer a burrito, quesadilla, or heaping plate of nachos, we're here to help you celebrate!, We wanted to welcome back Emerson College and Suffolk University students with a little gift – free burrito cards!, Steamed tortilla, melted cheese, hearty fillings…we'll warm you up!, Be the MVP of your New England Patriots playoff party this weekend with Anna’s Taqueria catering. We’ll provide more than enough burritos to pass around!  http://ow.ly/X4xjY, Do you know the answer to this #TuesdayTrivia question? It could be your lucky day!, TGIF! Share your Anna's Taqueria photo using the hashtag #AnnasFriYAY - it could be your lucky day!, It's National Bean Day, folks! How are you celebrating?, Taco Tuesday is the perfect excuse to begin The Taco Cleanse (yes, its real)! http://ow.ly/WFHt9, Brr, it's cold outside! We have something that might warm you up. #MexicanPlate, On behalf of the entire Anna's Taqueria team, HAPPY NEW YEAR! Thank you to our loyal fans for making 2015 so memorable!, Happy (almost) New Year! In observance of the holiday, our MIT location will be closed on Thursday (12/31) and Friday (1/1). All other locations will be open regular hours., Happy first day of SNOW! Warm up with a hearty breakfast burrito, loaded with your choice of fillings. 

*Available at all locations until 11:30am., Try something new today! Our Chile Verde, braised pork roasted with hot peppers, is sure to heat things up a bit!, Merry Christmas! Feliz Navidad! Fröhliche Weihnachten! No matter how you say it, we wish you a happy and joyous holiday weekend!, In observance of the holiday, all locations will close today at 3pm. We will also be closed tomorrow (12/25), and resume normal hours on Saturday with the exception of MIT (closed Saturday and Sunday)., Ease holiday travel woes with the best companion of all..., There's still time to enter our last throwback #TuesdayTrivia!, Who's feeling a case of the Mondays?, Did you share an #AnnasFriYAY photo with us? There's still time to enter!  #worthit, You don’t have to add spice to have a flavorful burrito. Forgo the hot sauce and stick to our basic fillings – beans, rice, lengua, veggies, or grilled chicken!, The holidays are upon us, and events are in full force! When planning a gathering with family, friends, or co-workers, consider a DIY taco bar or burrito tray to satisfy their hunger! Give us a ring at 617-850-2933 or email us at catering@annastaqueria.com., Happy Tuesday folks...#TACOTUESDAY! Our breakfast tacos are served today until 11:30am., Spread joy this holiday season in the form of BURRITOS! Give your family and friends Anna's Taqueria gift cards this year. Burritos = love! 

Available online with free shipping and handling! http://ow.ly/VSrgK, Give back this holiday season! When visiting your nearest Anna's Taqueria location please consider donating to Christmas in the City, an organization which provides each child living in a shelter a holiday gift., We'll stand up for you. #burritolove
http://ow.ly/VJ9Cd, Owner Mike Kamio had the great pleasure of dropping off a $5,000 check to ReVision Urban Farm yesterday! This was the result of our 20th Anna-versary, where we donated $1 from each burrito served at all Anna’s locations. Thank you to all who celebrated with us and made a contribution to this wonderful organization!, It's that time again folks...time for throwback #TUESDAYTRIVIA! http://ow.ly/VCps8, When visiting us this holiday season, please consider donating to Christmas in the City, an organization which provides each child living in a shelter a holiday gift. We currently have donation boxes set up at all Anna's Taqueria locations. 

In addition, Christmas in the City hosts a spectacular holiday party with over 3,000 children and parents from homeless shelters in Boston and surrounding communities. The event includes family activites, live entertainment, and a personalized gift from Santa which the child has wished for! http://ow.ly/Vwv21, Help us celebrate FRIDAY! Share your latest Anna's photo with us using the hashtag #AnnasFriYAY, and you could be new recipient of a burrito card! 

http://ow.ly/VuJzs, Horchata is the perfect beverage to pair with your burrito! The traditional Mexican drink is made daily with ground almonds, rice milk, and cinnamon., T is for Tuesday, but it's mostly for TACOS! Happy #TacoTuesday folks!

Photo credit: Boston Tacos, Kick up your Monday! Add a spicy filling such as Chicken Ranchero or Steak en Salsa Roja. #smokin, It’s Small Business Saturday! Take a break with us when shopping at our fellow local, small businesses in Boston, Cambridge, Somerville, and Brookline! #ShopSmall, Happy holiday from the entire Anna's Taqueria team!  We will be observing the following hours for Thanksgiving:

11/26: All locations closed
11/27: Resume normal hours (MIT closed)
11/28: Regular hours (MIT open at 10am), We have been a local, small business since 1995. This Saturday, November 28, remember to #ShopSmall and support Boston’s small businesses that help make the city unique., Not in the mood for meat today? We love veggin' out our burritos! 

http://ow.ly/UZ1wr, Thank you Boston Magazine for featuring us in the Best of Boston All-Stars! We owe it all to our loyal fans over the past 20 years!  ow.ly/UQYOo, Add a little color to Monday! Our grilled veggies are always fresh., There's a burrito on the line, folks! Who will be the winner? #TGIF http://ow.ly/UC5G6, "Home of the free because of the brave."

Today we are honoring #VeteransDay! Any veteran that visits in uniform, or wearing their veterans hat, will receive a free burrito and fountain soda. Thank you to all who have served this country., How are you celebrating #TacoTuesday? http://ow.ly/UudtV, Happy National NACHOS Day folks!, We're looking for a Senior Restaurant Manager to join the Anna's team! http://ow.ly/UioEq, Our Newton location (coming soon) featured these submissions to the Halloween window painting contest! Great job to all of our young artists!, Happy Hump Day folks! It may be dreary out, but there's still time to light up your afternoon...with the Mexican Plate! Your choice of meat with rice, beans, corn tortillas, salsa and hot sauce., A burrito card is up for grabs, courtesy of throwback #TuesdayTrivia! Who will be our winner? 

http://ow.ly/TTIOh, We are overwhelmed by the love from everyone yesterday at our 20th #ANNAversary! THANK YOU to all of our loyal fans over the last 20 years, along with new fans we gained along the way. #burritolove, Not only is today our 20th Anna-versary, but it's also TACO TUESDAY! Thank you to everyone who visited our fiesta today - we'll be celebrating at all Anna's locations until 9pm! 

http://ow.ly/TEcmc, In honor of our 20th Anna-versary we teamed up with 20 social media influencers who will each be giving away 20 free burrito cards. Let's to the math...that's 400 BURRITOS! 

Look out for #ANNAversary on Twitter and Instagram for the chance to win! 

Photo by Gabby Mbeki, Today is the day! Head on over to any Anna's locations until 9pm to celebrate our 20th ANNA-versary! 

http://ow.ly/TDde8, We can't wait to celebrate Fan Appreciation Day...TOMORROW!!
Who will be joining us? http://ow.ly/TAvxP, null, In honor of our 20th #ANNAversary we're continuing throwback trivia! Answer the question correctly for the chance to win! 

http://ow.ly/Tm0bl, TGIF! Don't forget to celebrate Friday with a #AnnasFriYAY win! 

http://ow.ly/TddKD, http://ow.ly/T7AMD, The love is mutual, Northeastern University! http://ow.ly/T2CM2, We love seeing our beloved burritos around Boston! Show off your Anna's for the chance to win! http://ow.ly/SWr1t #TGIF, It's time to taco 'bout dinner plans! Chicken, steak, or chile verde...what are you craving? 

Photo: @BostonTacos, It's FRIDAY folks! Looking for lunch plans this weekend? The Daily Meal suggests a grilled vegetable burrito from yours truly! #AnnasBoston

http://ow.ly/SG4lH, Show your favorite Anna's burrito some love by entering #TuesdayTrivia! http://ow.ly/Swinr, Did you know Anna's top-notch rollers will build your burrito in less than 20 seconds? #funfact, Lunch is better shared with friends...just not your burrito. 
[photo by @10chainzzzz], Where did you take your Anna's today? 

[photo by Andrea Perrotti], We're hosting Haymakers for Hope for tonight's Charity Roller event! Stop by our Harvard Street location in Brookline from 6-8PM to support! All proceeds benefit Dana-Farber Cancer Institute and The Jimmy Fund. $10 for a burrito, chips & salsa!, Chicken ranchero, carnitas, chile verde, or steak. What are you craving today?, A tantalizing aroma of breakfast is in the air at Anna's!  Fresh flour tortilla packed with your choice of eggs, sausage, potatoes, beans, cheese, and salsa., http://ow.ly/RZlQv, The holiday weekend is over, but #TuesdayTrivia has just begun on Instagram. Head on over (@annastaqueria) for the chance to win!

http://ow.ly/RVDwm, It's Friday 'rito heads! Head on over to our new Instagram account (@annastaqueria) for the chance to win a burrito! #TGIF #FotoFriday http://ow.ly/RNnG3, It's just about that time, Boston! Who's having lunch with us today? 

http://ow.ly/RHzIA, Happy Tuesday 'rito heads! Head on over to our new Instagram account, @annastaqueria, for the chance to win a free burrito! In honor of our 20th Anna-versary #TriviaTuesday will be throwin' it back to the 90's. See you there!, It’s a big day tomorrow, ‘rito heads! We’re launching an Instagram account in honor of our 20th Anna-versary! Follow @AnnasTaqueria as we kick off a new hub for burrito chat and fan photos. Also, don’t forget to tune in tomorrow for our throwback #TuesdayTrivia for a chance to win a free ‘rito card!, Hungry 'rito heads! We teamed up with DoorDash to deliver Anna's for $0.99 through Sunday. 

Check it out! http://ow.ly/RsCEi, We want to give a warm welcome to the Boston College incoming freshman! Enjoy the free burrito cards!, Wow - very impressive. Thanks Wild & Bloom for sharing this  embroidered ode to burritos, inspired by Anna's!, HAPPY FRIDAY 'RITO-HEADS! Send us a pic of your Anna's and tag #FotoFriday for a chance to win!, We love when you share your pictures of your visits with us.  Keep sending the love, 'rito-heads, makes our day!

@magpenz: ".@AnnasBoston we found love in a hopeless place. @BrandContent_", We're hosting Rodman Ride for Kids & BMC's The SPARK Center  for tonight's Charity Roller event!  Stop by our Harvard Street location from 6-8PM to support! $10 for a burrito, chips & salsa!, We're hosting Next Step, a non-profit out of Cambridge that supports youth struggling with cancer, HIV and rare genetic disorders, for tonight's Charity Roller event! Stop by Harvard Street from 6-8PM to support! $10 for a burrito, chips & salsa!, Welp! It's raining and you forgot your lunch.. don't worry we're here for you. With burritos!, It's National Rice Pudding Day! (who would have thought!) Grab a cup of our rice pudding today and give it a try!, Another happy day for burritos at Anna's.  Do you dress up your burrito?, Recently stumbled upon this..  Is it Burrito Day?

What do you think?, We were included in USA TODAY's Experience Food & Wine article about Boston's flagship flavors!  Thanks for the love!, It's a hot Friday, Boston and you could use a burrito. Come treat yourself for surviving the week!

Photo credit: @bengram & @bhgoodlives, On a hot day like this, we can't decide between our cold homemade drinks! Lemonade, horchata, agua fresca or jamaica.  Which one would you choose?, Have you seen how A's Sean Doolittle uses his car's secret compartment?  Burritos-to-go!

We like how he thinks.., Somebody doesn't like @BostonTweet's dressed-up burritos.. but we do!  

"Possessed dolls, now in edible form." - @Meg9Time

Don't forget to share your 'ritos with us, dressed up or not!, "Debating making this my new profile picture... Thanks @AnnasBoston"

We really think you should, @TWCNews_Seth!, Our fans have been lighting it up on our @AnnasBoston Twitter! We love to see your photos, keep sharing!, Voting ends this week for the 2015 Scout's Honored awards! Anna's has been nominated for Best Cheap Eats (on page 3!).  Pls vote and help us make it to #1!, Burritos for dinner? Yes, please!, Have you had one of our burritos? Special thanks to Chris Himmel of Himmel Hospitality Group for telling Eater Boston that "it is really a Michelin-starred burrito.", We support this., Summer's the perfect season for spicy! Have you tried our Chile Verde lately?

(braised pork roasted with a variety of hot peppers), Have you had a chance to vote for us in the Scout's Honored 2015 yet?  We appreciate all the help we can get, so go vote for burritos!, Specialty Tacos Al Pastor at their best! 

(shaved rotisserie-cooked pork, pineapple, red onion & cilantro and drizzled with spicy guacamole & Mexican red sauce)

Thanks to Twitter fan @Haley2Buddy for the photo., Happy Independence Day, Boston!  We wish everyone a happy and safe 4th!, Are you coming to the Beacon Hill/ MGH area for Boston HarborFest this week?  Stop by our Cambridge Street location for a bite during the festivities or before the fireworks!

Image credit to The Boston Calendar!, Hey 'rito-heads! We have been nominated as one of Scout Somerville's 2015 "Best Cheap Eats!" We'd love the support and vote to get to #1.  Thanks for your support!, Turns out we're not just a Boston favorite.  Thanks Thrillist for including us in your list! But for right now we're prepping our seventh location opening coming late Summer!, This lucky fan found a free burrito card in Kenmore this week courtesy of @BostonTweet!

Thanks for the photo @sahrahsee., In the mood to support a charity via burritos?  Stop by our 446 Harvard Street location for a charity roller event benefiting this year's Pan-Mass Challenge. 6-8PM, $10 for a burrito, chips & salsa, all proceeds donated to the race., Good news, 'rito-heads!  The city cleared us for opening at our Davis Square location and our doors are open!  Stop by for your breakfast burrito!, Hey 'rito-heads, sorry to announce that our Davis Square location is now closed due to an unsafe structure next door.  We're as sad as you are! If you need your burrito fix, swing by our Porter Square location (or any of the other four Anna's!)., When life gives you watermelon, make an agua fresca stand! That's what we'll be doing today at our Beacon Hill location! Stop by from 1PM-3PM for some free agua fresca to celebrate the start of summer!, Whoa, 'rito-heads! This weekend marks the first day of summer! We'll be handing out free agua fresca on Monday, June 22 between 1PM - 3PM at our Beacon Hill / MGH location! See you there!, Did you see that USA Today's 10Best.com included us in their Best Boston Breakfasts?  Stop by any Anna's loc to try our breakfast burritos & tacos!, It's almost summer and we're thirsty for our Agua Fresca. That's our fresh-squeezed watermelon juice! We'll be handing out complimentary samples next Monday, June 22 at our Beacon Hill location from 1PM-3PM. Come stop by!, Thanks, Zagat Boston for letting us help you launch your 2015 survey results with your #ZagatLovesBoston food giveaway.  Humbled to be included., Hey 'rito-heads!  Swing by our Porter Square or Coolidge Corner (Beacon Street) locations tonight for any two free tacos, courtesy of Zagat Boston!  We'll be giving out tacos until supplies run out (150 per location!) http://zagat.bz/1G1nTK5, Zagat Boston included us in their list of Boston's Most Popular spots! Thank you Boston for being such dedicated fans!, Remember that time Zagat Boston likened our Cubio burrito to the Chupacabra?  Don't worry, our burritos don't bite (unless you add extra jalapeños!)., Summer's the perfect time for spicy food.  Did you know we have three spicy meats? Chicken Ranchero, Steak en Salsa Roja and Chile Verde.  What's your favorite?, Oh boy is it hot out there!  Have you tried our Jamaica, Lemonade or Horchata to cool down? So good., Have you tried our Cubio? Thrillist Boston put it on their Boston Bucket List!  It's an off-menu monster for sure!, Just in case you needed a reason to stop by.., Anyone headed to the Coolidge Corner Arts Festival tomorrow?  Swing by after for a 'rito!  All that creativity needs fuel (think burritos!)., Congrats to our MIT grads today!  It's been a pleasure getting to know you over the past four years. Come say goodbye before you leave campus!, Tomorrow's the big day for our MIT grads!  We're going to miss you.  Stop by for your last 'rito as an undergrad before heading off into the real world!, Have you stopped by to try our Agua Fresca yet? It's our freshly-squeezed watermelon juice. You know you want a cup!, Hey 'rito-heads! It's Foto Friday on our @AnnasBoston page and only three days left of the Breslow Burrito.  Share a photo of your Anna's today for a free 'rito card & signed Craig Breslow baseball card!, Congrats to our Harvard grads today!  Good luck out there (we're rooting for you!)., Nothing says Boston more than the Red Sox and Anna's Taqueria! So come grab your #BreslowBurrito today and help us fight #childhoodcancer! Only 4 days left!, Look at that weather, Boston!  Any plans for Memorial Day Weekend?  Do they include burritos? They should! (Lots of burritos!), Only 10 days left to help us donate to Strike 3 Foundation with #BreslowBurrito proceeds!  Come grab one today., Mmmm, burritos!  Did you know the new #BreslowBurrito has Crushed Tortilla Chips in it?  You can't get that in any other 'rito. Come try one today and help us donate to the kidos!, Congrats to all the recent Grads this week! Don't forget to swing by for a burrito on your way out of town., Check out Craig Breslow's rolling skills!  He was at our MGH location today rolling burritos for his Strike 3 Foundation.  Looks like we have another Spoon Ninja on our hands.  Thanks for stopping by, Craig!, Big happenings at our MGH location today, from 4-5:30PM Craig Breslow will be in store to hand-roll his Breslow Burrito! Stop by to help out the Strike 3 Foundation and get a burrito from the pitcher while he's off the mound!, Hey hey 'rito-heads! Stop by our MGH location (242 Cambridge Street) tomorrow, 05/18, from 4-5:30PM to meet Craig Breslow!  He'll be stopping by to roll his #BreslowBurrito for lucky fans! See you there., Photos from our @AnnasBoston acct of 'rito-heads enjoying their Anna's.  Don't forget to share your pics with us!, It's Friday folks!  We've got a special edition of #FotoFriday on our @AnnasBoston account.  Send us a pic of your #BreslowBurrito today and you could win a signed Craig Breslow baseball card and a FREE 'rito card!, Guess what 'rito-heads? Craig Breslow will be at our MGH location on Monday, 05/18, from 4-5:30PM to roll his #BreslowBurrito. Come join us for the meet 'n greet!, How about helping us support Red Sox's Craig Breslow and his Strike 3 Foundation? It's such a great cause and we're donating $3 from every #BreslowBurrito! 

P.S. Stay tuned tomorrow (05/15) and Tuesday (05/19) for special Craig Breslow giveaways on our @AnnasBoston twitter acct!, Come join us tonight at Anna's Porter Square where teachers and parents of Vassal Lane Upper School are rolling burritos to support Cambridge to Cuba! 6-8PM, see you there!, Come help us support a great cause!, The Sox pulled off a great win last night!  All the more reason to stop by for a #BreslowBurrito today.  Yum!, For the same price as our regular burritos, you can help Anna's donate $3 to a charitable cause, the Strike 3 Foundation! #BreslowBurrito, Have you seen the sun today?  Perfect weather for a Friday burrito outside!  Come grab a burrito and enjoy the weather like this guy.

Photo credit: @sweeneydawg, Anna's is donating $3 from each #BreslowBurrito purchased to Strike 3 Foundation in their fight against #childhoodcancer.  Want to help?  Grab one today!, Feliz Cinco de Mayo 'rito-heads!  We've got burritos and tacos galore, just perfect to help you celebrate., Have you tried our new Breslow Burrito yet?!?  With $3 from each burrito going to Strike 3 Foundation and helping kids with childhood cancer, how could you not?, Photos from our @AnnasBoston page when Babson's MBA group stopped by for their last #TacoTuesday! Don't forget to share your visits with us!, IT'S OFFICIALLY HERE! The #BreslowBurrito debuted last night at #SipHappens and it's now available at all Anna's.  Stop by for one today and help support childhood cancer research!, Today's the day!  Our #BreslowBurrito debuts tonight at Strike 3 Foundation's #SipHappens event! It'll be available at all Anna's locations starting tomorrow! http://bit.ly/1KuxoF6, So thrilled to be working with Craig Breslow & the Strike 3 Foundation on the #BreslowBurrito.  Stop by on Friday to try one and help us donate to charity! http://bit.ly/1KuxoF6, Anna's has a new burrito in town and it's helping kids with cancer through the Strike 3 Foundation!  Available only in May, $3 from every #BreslowBurrito will be donated to the cause. The burrito debuts Thursday night at #SipHappens and is available starting Friday!, Our friends in Harvard Square have an awesome Tasting Tour happening tomorrow!  You really don't want to miss out., Looks like we've a nice spring weekend ahead of us, woohoo!  Who has plans for burritos? (We do!! Come join us!), Don't forget to send our @AnnasBoston account pics of your Anna's today using #FotoFriday!  Best pictures win a free burrito card.  (What is better than free burritos?? Our friend here agrees.), BC's Spoon University thinks we're a great place for students on a budget.  And we agree!  Stop by for some of our "top-notch 'rito-rolling!", It's Friday!  #FotoFriday to be exact. If you're stopping by Anna's don't forget to share your meal with us on Twitter @AnnasBoston and use the hashtag.  Best pic win a free burrito card!, Hey 'rito-heads! If you haven't voted for us in DigBoston's Dig This awards yet, you should start!  Thanks for your support. 

https://digboston.com/2015-digthis-awards/, Fan Fotos from our @AnnasBoston account!  Don't forget to share  your Anna's experience with us, we love hearing from you!!, We've got just the cure for Sunday morning blues. Breakfast burritos!  Swing by or order online!, We're thinking since it's Friday you deserve a burrito for all your hard work. Pure happiness!, Swing on by our MGH location to support a great cause tonight!, What's your best cure for the rainy April blues?  We're thinking burritos, lots of them.. See you soon!, Photos from @AnnaBoston #FotoFriday
@ilikechocolate & @futureteensusa, What do you put in your Anna's burrito?  Comment & tell us; bonus points for the most creative!, It's 5 o'clock.. Thinking it's time for a burrito. Or a quesadilla.  Whichever., Glad to be considered a must-have “Boston Bite Under $10” by many @Buzzfeed readers! Do you agree? Share your thoughts here: http://bzfd.it/1xEfuh3, Last week's #FotoFriay winner!
@Mr_screen_shot: "@AnnasBoston when you hold on to that last bite cause you don't want it to end... #FotoFriday ", Nothing says "I love the weekend!" like burritos from Anna's.  So come in and get one.   

Photo credit: @BostonTweet, It's Friday and you're probably planning lunch already.  So plan on Anna's for lunch.  Best decision you'll make all day!, Have you had our Lengua lately?  It's slow-roasted and pretty awesome.  Swing by and try it!, Thinking about chips and guac? We've got the perfect excuse: Happy National Chip & Dip Day!  Dig in!, Fan Foto submisions from @AnnasBoston for #FotoFriday!, It's #FotoFriday on our @AnnasBoston Twitter account.  Send us a pic of your Anna's meal today including #FotoFriday and your next burrito could be on us. These guys were pretty psyched!, It's Friday, you're hungry and we've got breakfast burritos at Anna's. Problem solved!, Why is it still cold out? Well, at least our pineapple marinated Al Pastor pork tastes like summer.., Hey 'rito-heads, your Corned Beef & Cabbage Burrito is back for today only!  We start selling them at noon, at all locations, until they're gone. Stop by early!, IT'S BACKKK!!! Anna's limited edition Corned Beef & Cabbage Burrito is available tomorrow (03/17) at all locations from noon until it's sold out! Come celebrate St. Patrick's Day with us, Boston!, TGIF!  What better way to celebrate than with a burrito?  BURRITOS!!!!, Recent photos from our @AnnasBoston Twitter account!  Don't forget to share your Anna's experience with us; we love hearing from you!, It's warm, it's still light out, you need Anna's!  Stop on by, we're here for you., Have you seen BuzzFeed's funny piece on reasons not to go to school in Boston?  At least we're among good company!  

http://www.buzzfeed.com/kirstenking/stay-far-away-from-that-dirty-water#.wl6bWVWd4, Have you tried our Steak en Salsa Roja?  Woo!  It'll clear out those sinuses quickly!, It's Friday, it's cold, you need a burrito.  Swing on through, it's waiting for you., Storm Update: all of our locations will close early tonight due to weather. MGH will close at 9pm, all others at 10pm. 

We are also closed all day tomorrow and will reopen all locations at 10am on Monday. So sorry for the inconvenience to our fans. Stop by early for your BRRitos before we close tonight!, On this lovely day, showing our fans how much love we have for you!  Will you be one of the lucky customers who gets a little present with their burrito today? #annaslovesyou, Keep an eye out tomorrow for little bits of love from Anna’s.  Random lucky customers who come into our stores will get something special to go home with. Just showing our fans how much we love them! #annaslovesyou, There is snow in your future (surprise!).  Best to stock up on burritos.  It's the only for sure way to survive this New England weather!, Change of Plans!! All Anna's locations are closing tonight at 6PM to allow our staff to get home safely.  Drop in for burritos anytime in the next hour!, We're open in all this snow!! Come get your burritos!, It's FREEZING OUT!! Come warm yourself up with our Hot Mexican Coffee (made with cinnamon & topped with whipped cream). You'll need it., STORM UPDATE: Hey 'rito heads, Anna's is closing all locations at 8PM tonight.  Come in early for your BRRitos!

Stay warm, stay safe!
Anna's Team, Congratulations to our New England Patriots! #SuperBowlChamps
(Photo credits: Boston Globe), Thanks, Coach Stone!  You're a member of the Anna's Team now. Good luck at the Beanpot next week!

Also, huge thanks to Harvard University Women's Ice Hockey and Harvard Crimson for coming out to support Young Women in Sport!, Tonight's the night! Come see Harvard University Women's Head Coach Katey Stone trade her bench on the blue line for the burrito line.  From 5-7PM, $10 for burrito, chips and salsa.  All proceeds go to Young Women in Sport., Are you joining us tomorrow? 2014 Women's Hockey Olympic Coach and Division I Women's Hockey's Winningest head coach will be rolling burritos to support Young Women in Sport. Stop by Anna's Porter Square tomorrow (1/29) from 5-7PM to meet this hockey legend and support a great cause!, So excited to announce January's Charity roller is Harvard University Women's Ice Hockey Head Coach Katey Stone! She will join us at our Porter Square location this Thursday (1/29) from 5-7PM.  $10 will get you a coach-rolled burrito, chips & salsa.  Can't wait to see you there!, STORM UPDATE: Anna's will now be closed all day, Tuesday (01/27).  We will close tonight (01/26) at 9PM.  We anticipate opening at regular hours on Wednesday (01/28).  We'll update you here if anything changes.  Stay warm!, All Anna's locations will close early tonight at 9PM.  We anticipate opening all locations at 10AM tomorrow (01/27) but this will depend on the storm.  Please call before stopping by: http://bit.ly/1yJocJj We'd like to keep our employees and fans safe.  Stay warm and grab a BRRito before the storm hits!, Getting a burrito?  Don't forget the guac and salsa. They're calling your name., Burritos in the making. You know you want one!, It's 34 degrees out.  Perfect weather for a walk to Anna's! Your burritos are calling.., Hungry? We get it! Stop in or order online with MixMenu or Foodler.  Your Anna's burrito is closer than you know it!, Getting ready for Sunday's football games?  Anna's offers large orders to go!  Feed the whole group Anna's burritos and bring the party to the next level!

http://www.annastaqueria.com/large-orders.html, Have you tried our Chicken Ranchero lately?  Slow cooked with tomatoes, onions and a variety of peppers, this slightly spicy chicken is sure to warm you up on such a cold day.  Stop by and add it to your favorite Anna's meal today!, Did you know every Tuesday morning we host #TuesdayTrivia on our @AnnasBoston Twitter page?  Check it out here https://twitter.com/AnnasBoston.  Winner gets a free burrito card on us!, #FotoFriday submissions, photos from our @AnnasBoston Twitter page!

Photo credits:
@DrMikeyStudios  
@DL_0210, It's #FotoFriday on our @AnnaBoston Twitter page.  Tweet us a pic of your meal today using #FotoFriday and you could win a free burrito card!, Pure Wander likes our tacos for lunch.  Plus totes us as a great family-friendly spot in Boston!  Thanks for the love. 

http://www.purewander.com/hamburgers-and-horchata-bostons-duo-of-perfect-lunch-spots/, Hey 'rito-heads, it's National Bean Day! Don't forget to add beans to your favorite Anna's meal today and enjoy the extra protein., Happy New Year from the team at Anna's Taqueria! 

We're open regular hours everywhere today (except MIT) to help you start the New Year off right!, Wishing all our 'rito-heads a safe and happy New Year's Eve!  

Swing by for a burrito before the festivities and make sure you're well fed for the evening!, Happy Holidays! Merry Christmas! Feliz Navidad! 
Sending you and yours merry thoughts this holiday season from the Team at Anna's Taqueria and your burrito-loving Santa!, Hey 'rito-heads!  Looking for your burrito fix this holiday season? Then check out our holiday hours so you're not left standing, burrito-less in the cold! http://www.annastaqueria.com/locations.html, Photos from our charity-roller event with Globe Santa are posted! Thanks to Globe Santa, Amanda Sabga and all who attended for making the event a huge success! Over $2000 donated to charity! http://on.fb.me/1xbXgmG, Santa and elf rolled burritos at Anna's Taqueria (446 Harvard St).  All proceeds went to the Globe Santa charity. Photos by Amanda Sabga, courtesy of Globe Santa., TGIF! Stuff your stockings with style.  Anna’s Taqueria gift cards are the way to go! Perfect for the ‘rito-head in your life.  Available online or in-store from $5 and up! http://shopannas.net/, Did you know that Anna’s can provide large-orders to-go?  Burrito trays and make-your-own taco bars, perfect for that holiday party or work lunch.  View our options online: http://bit.ly/1wytTZq, Santa has arrived at Anna's! From 12-3 p.m. today (@ our 446 Harvard St location), Santa and his elf with roll burritos for Globe Santa.  Stop by with the kiddos and grab a burrito.  Happy Holiday's from the team at Anna's!, One of many wonderful ways to give back to children this holiday season http://bit.ly/1DiNeTt, visit Anna’s Harvard Street this Saturday 12/13 from 12-3PM for Santa-rolled burritos to benefit the Globe Santa charity., Santa and Elf will roll burritos at Anna's!  On Saturday from 12-3pm stop by for the fun.  $10 for a Santa-rolled burrito, chips & salsa!  100% of the proceeds benefit Globe Santa!, #FotoFriday submissions on @AnnasBoston., Have a burrito lover in the family?  Need that perfect Secret Santa/Yankee Swap gift?  

Anna's has you covered!  Give Anna's gift cards so your friends/family can enjoy free burritos.  Burritos = joy.  Give joy (and burritos) this holiday season!, Santa is Comin' to Anna's! 
On Saturday, Dec 13th from 12-3PM, stop by our 446 Harvard St location in Brookline for a Santa-rolled burrito and lots of fun!  All proceeds will benefit the Globe Santa organization, bringing toys to kids who need them this holiday season.  
For $10 come grab a burrito, chips and salsa from the jolly man himself and help make dreams come true!, Happy Thanksgiving from the team at Anna's Taqueria!, Lil B (rapper) sport's an Anna's hat after his lecture at Massachusetts Institute of Technology (MIT).  (Photo credit to @JKRealize and Only In Boston), Boston University's The Daily Free Press names us among Boston's "Best Mexican Eateries.", On days like today, it helps to have a Mexican Plate to prepare for the cold.  Stop into your nearest Anna's location for some hearty meat, rice and beans.  You'll need it., Whatever your mood or the weather outside, we've got the Hot Mexican Coffee to keep you on your toes! Come on in and grab one today., #FotoFriday on @AnnasBoston: fan's enjoying burritos!
@SamDaStud @igotorunkle, #FotoFriday on @AnnasBoston: 
@olgiebolgie, Did you know that all of our menu items can be ordered vegetarian?  Stop by for a grilled veggie burrito, you won't regret it!, Come out tomorrow to support the Brookline Teen Center in our November Charity Roller Series with Matthew Cooney as the guest roller.  $10 for a burrito, chips and salsa. All proceeds go to the Teen Center!, Happy National Nachos Day!, A good breakfast (burrito) is the most important meal of the day! Swing on by Anna's for breakfast burritos or tacos and start your Wednesday the right way., Want to see the best (burrito) rollers in town? Anna's Taqueria is your destination.  Stop by to see their lightening-fast skills and get a burrito with it too!, Little 'rito is all grown up for #Halloween #FotoFriday. 
@igotorunkle, Anyone want a free burrito card?  Tweet a pic of your dressed up burrito to @AnnasBoston using #Halloween or #FotoFriday.  Best dressed burritos win free burrito cards!  (example below), Happy Halloween!  Are you in the dress up mood?  Then dress up your burrito and tweet us a picture @AnnasBoston with #Halloween or #FotoFriday.  Best dressed up burrito wins a free burrito card!  Feel free to get creative! (see the example below)., Could really go for some nachos right now.. Oh wait! We have them!  Stop by your local Anna's for an off-menu favorite!, Thanks to all who came out last night and supported the Hearth Shares kick-off event! Tremendous success with special thanks to our rollers: Bob Halloran from WCVB Channel 5 Boston, Jeffrey Gates from Aquitaine Boston and Rick Musiol from Citizens Bank!, Heyyy ‘rito-heads! In 6 hours, Hearth Shares will be rolling burritos for charity! Come hungry from 6-8PM at our Harvard St location to support those helping Boston’s homeless population. Guest rollers: Bob Halloran from WCVB Channel 5 Boston and Jeff Gates from Aquitaine Boston., Fan Fotos from last week's #FotoFriday contest on Twitter @AnnasBoston!, 3 days until Hearth Shares jumps behind our counters at our Harvard St location (446 Harvard St, Brookline) to roll burritos for a great cause! Stop by to contribute on Monday, October 27th from 6-8PM!, It might be rainy outside in Boston but the rotisserie for our Al Pastor meat (marinated with pineapple and red onion) is on and hot!  Swing by any Anna's location for some Al Pastor Tacos; they're sure to warm you up!, Here’s to Hearth Shares, our guest burrito charity rollers at Harvard Street in Brookline on Monday, 10/27 from 6-8PM. Stop in and buy a ‘rito – all proceeds go towards ending homelessness in Greater Boston!, A collection of photos taken by our amazing fans. You all are the best! , It's FRIDAY!!! Any 'rito-heads want a free burrito? Follow our Twitter account: @AnnasBoston and tweet us a pic of your burrito using #FotoFriday.  One photo will be selected and the winner gets a Free Burrito Card!, Happy Hump Day 'rito-heads!  Have you ever seen our Cubio? 4lbs worth of burrito!  Now that's a big lunch!, TGIF 'rito-heads!! Heading to Anna's this weekend?  Order up a side of our delicious salsa, chips & guac! Nom Nom.., TGIF! Treat yourself to something sweet on this brisk fall day and dig into our delicious rice pudding!, It's a rainy one out there today, Boston! You know what cures the rainy day blues? Anna's., Anna's fan @bdBscene knows that burritos are the perfect way to celebrate the start of Fall. Then again, we think an Anna's feast is the best way to kick off any season!, Everybody loves Anna's! If you're headed to see the Sox play tonight, keep an eye out for an Anna's friendly face passing out some free burrito cards!, You voted and we won! Thanks to all of our fans for naming us "Best Cheap Eats" and "Best Fast Bite" in Scout Somerville's "Scout's Honored" Awards! 
, Smile 'rito-heads - it's Monday! Who's grabbing lunch with us today?, It's time for a little bit of Thursday cheer! Watch this fluffy little hamster challenge competitive eater Takeru Kobayashi to a hot dog-eating contest. We request a burrito rematch!
, Thanks to RadioBDC for hosting us this morning in honor of National Guacamole Day! In honor of the beloved holiday, check out Anna's owner Mike Kamio talking about all things avocado on this morning's show.  
, It's one of our favorite days all year - National Guacamole Day! Who's stopping by to celebrate with us?, TGIF! Nothing like a good 'ole plate of nachos to gear up for a weekend of football and fun!, Looking for the ultimate burrito challenge? @ryanrez10 amps up his Anna's game with a bite out of the Cubio - our super burrito., On a hot day like today, what's a little more heat? Spice things up with  our Steak en Salsa Roja or Chile Verde. At least it's a good reason to sweat..., It's almost the weekend! Celebrate with Anna's and grab yourself a delicious burrito - because everyone knows that burritos are the best., It's a scorcha' out there, Boston! Retreat from the heat and cool down with one of our refreshing beverages. Today is a great day for Horchata!, In the Back Bay? Head over to Copley Plaza - 5 free burrito cards are scattered around the market. Snap a pic if you find one! Hint: one may be hidden near the flowers.., Happy Friday rito-heads! To celebrate the last days of summer and the kickoff to a long weekend, we're giving away free burrito cards to some lucky fans! Keep your eyes on social to learn where you can find them!, @sweeneydawg knows the perfect way to celebrate a birthday - with a delicious burrito from Anna's!, Thanks for contributing to our #FotoFriday album @DaleBursey! Check out your photo in our growing collection of fan pics., TGIF, which means it's #FotoFriday! Tweet us a picture of your Anna's today and your next rito could be on us! Free Anna's makes Fridays even better., Glad we're not the only ones who think our burritos are magical. Apparently, BuzzFeed does too! 

Thanks to everyone for the love - check us out as number 8 on the list!, TGIF! A delicious Veggie 'Rito sounds like the perfect lunch to kickstart your weekend., Don't let the weather get you down! @anthonyvigz knows that rainy days like these call for an Anna's burrito pick-me-up., Is it too early to be dreaming about super burritos??

Thanks for reposting this Phantom Gourmet! , Thank you 10best for naming Anna's one of Boston's best value restaurants! , Thank you Zagat for showing the cubio some love - we're in great "secret" company across the country!
, Thanks to everyone who voted in Boston Magazine's Readers' Poll - we took home the "Best Burrito" title!, It’s gearing up to be a hot one today! Retreat from the heat in one of our Anna’s locations today between 2-4PM - we're giving out free samples of our Agua Fresca!, Have you met the secret cubio yet?? 
, TGIF! How about a breakfast burrito to start your Friday off right?, Vote for us in Scout Cambridge & Scout Somerville's "Scout's Honored" awards! We're in the running for "Best Cheap Eats" and "Best Fast Bites!"

Vote links below: 
https://docs.google.com/forms/d/1uitZcwsil4OIMY4S_G3T8kw5bF1Hcs_gIExdwqONclk/viewform

https://docs.google.com/forms/d/1VneaFZwoaj5WI3h9yVwK4N5FAyhvfkFlctYVmoHmi8I/viewform , @ksmooth780 started his weeknd off with this rito!, Nothin' like nachos on a Thursday night!, Just a little PSA from Zagat Boston
, Huge thanks to The Improper Bostonian Magazine for naming Anna's "Boston's Best Burrito" - for the 16th year in a row :) 

, Cool off and relax on this 90 degree day with some Anna's Agua Fresca!, This Anna's fan drives from New York and back just to get his rito fix!, BostInno is a fan of our nachos, have you tried our newest menu item yet?, GUESS WHAT 'RITO-HEADS? All Anna's locations are now serving made-to-order nachos! 

Pile on all your favorite toppings for $6.60., The World Cup excitement continues today with Croatia vs. Mexico at 4PM. Who's celebrating with Anna's?, 'Rito heads love their Anna's, especially on #FotoFriday. Tweet us a picture of your Anna's today and your next rito could be on us., It's National Eat Your Vegetables Day! What better way to get your fix of veggies than with this delicious rito..., Happy Father’s Day! Don’t forget about our Father’s Day appreciation special: tweet us pictures of your trip to Anna’s today & you could score a free burrito card! , Father’s Day is Sunday! As a thank you to all our Anna’s loving dads, we’re giving out some free burritos. Bring your dad to Anna’s on Sunday, tweet us a picture of them enjoying their meal and you could score a free burrito card! , You know it's officially summertime when we have our Agua Fresca...now available at all Anna's locations!, We're up against some big names in FiveThirtyEight's Best Burrito quest!, It's National Cheese Day...celebrate with a quesadilla!, Taco Tuesday, anyone? Spice up your Tuesday with Steak en Salsa Roja tacos!, Think you could finish a whole cubio burrito? Here's a photo so you can see the size..., Hey rito-heads - make sure to wear your rain gear today!, Check out the Chronicle on WCVB Channel 5 segment that our Cubio burrito was on! 

Who's taken the challenge and eaten a whole Cubio?? , TONIGHT Anna's will be on Chronicle on WCVB Channel 5! Tune is at 7:30pm to hear about our Cubio burrito.
, null, What makes Mondays better?? Burritos, that's what., We see some familiar burrito faces in here - which of BostonTweet's creations is your favorite?! 

http://bostontweet.com/blog/burritos-for-cinco-de-mayo 
, No better way to celebrate Cinco de Mayo in Boston than with an Anna's burrito in hand!, A collection of photos taken by our amazing fans. You all are the best! , It's National Pet Month - do your pets love Anna's as much as you do!? 

*Thanks @ChefJohn48 for the photo!, What happens when a tiny hamster eats an even tinier burrito? , QUICK! We have a street team at The Boston Common right now giving out free burrito cards - get there before they're gone!, Boston Parents Paper is still accepting votes for their Family Favorite Awards! Help Anna's take home the "Dinner with the Family" title in the "Feed the Masses" category! 

Ballot is here: http://bostonparentspaper.com/content/best-of-the-best.html - thanks rito-heads! , Happy Marathon Monday, Boston! Good luck to all of the runners,  we hope everyone has a safe and fun day!, Thanks for the shout out HuffPost Taste! 

, Spice up your traditional Carnitas order and try our Chile Verde - braised pork made with hot peppers!, A collection of photos taken by our amazing fans. You all are the best! , Thank you Thrillist for naming Anna's Taqueria one of the Best Burritos in America! 
, End your Anna's visit with a cup of our house-made rice pudding - the perfect post-rito dessert!, Thanks to all our fans who voted in DigBoston's DigThis 2014 awards - we took home the award for Best Burrito To Go! 
, @Jdbireley's Friday highlight was his Anna's burrito!, Go Boston Red Sox!, Thanks for all your votes! Looks like Carnitas is going home with the March Madness trophy for your favorite dish at Anna's!

CONGRATS TO Rachael Fischer - you've won catering for 10 for the final March Madness game. Please message us for details!, Only two menu items remain - going head to head against each other for the March Madness trophy is Carnitas vs. Al Pastor!, This is a close one - up next we have Al Pastor Vs. Grilled Chicken. Comment your favorite of these and you might win burritos for 10 people for the final March Madness game!, We are so thankful to all of our Boston Firefighters for all that they do to keep us safe and sending our thoughts to those who we lost., We're down to four favorites! Up this round is Steak Rojas vs. Carnitas. Comment below and you could win catered burritos for 10 people for the final basketball game!, Fourth and final match-up for this round...

the classic Grilled Chicken vs. something a little unique, Lengua (that's beef tongue)! 

Comment who you think the winner is for the chance to win catering for 10 people for your home viewing party of the final March Madness game., @bostoncheapsk8 eating his rito and reading the paper, Here's our #MarchMadness match-up number three - 

sweet and savory Al Pastor vs. spicy Chili Verde...who's the winner in your book?, The Huffington Post included Anna's in their list of "16 Food Things Only a Bostonian Would Understand" - do you 'rito heads agree!?
, March Madness match-up number two - this time around we have Carnitas vs. Steak. 

Comment which of these menu items is your favorite for the chance to win burritos for 10 people for the final March Madness game!, Starting at noon all Anna's locations will be serving a special corned beef and cabbage burrito for St. Patrick's Day!, Who’s ready for March Madness? We’re hosting a March Madness competition of our own – eight of our menu items will “compete” against each other this month March Madness style and the winning favorite dish will be chosen by YOU. First up we have:

Chicken Ranchero vs. Steak Rojas

It’s the battle of the spicy with these guys – comment below who you think is the best…REMEMBER any fan who participates in our March Madness will be entered to win a catered meal for 10 people so you can watch the final game with a full stomach. Check back on game days for more match-ups!, Voting is still open for the Boston Magazine Reader's Poll - if you have a minute, vote Anna's for best burrito! 

http://www.bostonmagazine.com/vote/, Looking for something more than green beer on Monday? How about our corned beef and cabbage burrito! The Boston Globe has the details about our St. Paddy's Day special.

, It's a beautiful day for one of our freshly made iced beverages! Try our lemonade, jamaica or horchata to wash down your burrito., St. Patrick's Day is coming up...do you know what that means?!, Anna's is now serving homemade rice pudding - available at all locations for $2.25. Makes for a perfect post-burrito dessert!, If you have a minute - be sure to vote for us in DigBoston's digthis2014 awards! 

http://digboston.com/digthis2014/, It's always Burrito Day :)

http://isitburritoday.com/, Spice up your dinner tonight (literally!), and try our Chile Verde - braised pork with hot peppers!, Think Anna's has the best burrito in Boston?? Show us some love and vote for Anna's in the Boston Magazine Reader's Poll! 

http://www.bostonmagazine.com/vote/, Thanks to Boston Redditors for naming us one of Boston's best burritos! Via BostInno, @bigsam20 enjoys his Mexican Plate with lots of sour cream and jalapenos!, Happy Presidents' Day ‘rito-heads! Looks like President Obama and his family are pros at rolling burritos; maybe he will be our next celeb roller ;)

Head over to our Twitter (@AnnasBoston) for President’s Day trivia – first to answer the question correctly scores a free burrito card!, Nothing says "I love you" on Valentine's Day like a burrito!, What size burrito do you order?, null, null, Does Anna's have your favorite burrito in Boston? If yes, vote for us in the Boston Magazine Readers' Poll! 

VOTE HERE: http://www.bostonmagazine.com/vote/, Did you miss our Celebrity Spoon Ninja event? No worries, BostInno covered all the details & took some great photos!

, A collection of photos taken by our amazing fans. You all are the best! , Start your Tuesday off right with our breakfast burrito - a fresh, hot flour tortilla with choice of fillings (eggs, sausage, potatoes), beans, cheese, and salsa!, Think Anna's has the best burrito in Boston? Show love for your favorite 'rito in Boston Magazine's Reader's Poll

VOTE HERE: http://www.bostonmagazine.com/vote/ , A huge THANK YOU to everyone who came out to our Celebrity Spoon Ninja event on Monday. We had a great time rollin' up burritos with everyone.

Congrats again to Tiffani Faision of Sweet Cheeks for taking home the Golden Spoon trophy & raising some serious money for MassEquality!, null, TONIGHT'S THE NIGHT! Join us for the celeb rollers finale event to see our alumni duke it out for the Celebrity Spoon Ninja title!, Jonathan Soroff explains why the Caring for Carcinoid Foundation is close to his heart and why he is supporting them at the finale event on Monday 1/27., Rachel Cossar, blogger for foodista on pointe, dancer for Boston Ballet and one of our finale rollers shared her favorite Anna's burrito recipe with us!

Rachel likes a burrito or quesadilla with rice, pinto and black beans, carnitas, guacamole, a touch of sour cream and pico. Come see how fast she can roll up that 'rito at our finale event on 1/27!, Heads up rito-heads, all Anna's are closing tonight at 9! Stay safe in the snow!, Honored to be included in Zagat's roundup of 9 Local Chains They Love!, Who do you think will take home the golden spoon trophy?, Make sure to join our event for the celeb rollers finale on 1/27!, Tiffani Faison of  Sweet Cheeks & Jonathan Soroff of The  Improper Bostonian Magazine show us how to roll burritos like the pros!

Want to see more? Join us at the finale event on 1/27!, A collection of photos taken by our amazing fans. You all are the best! , Coming to our Celeb Roller Finale event on January 27? Join the Facebook event for all the details about the ultimate burrito showdown! , Near the Prudential Center? We're giving out free burrito cards right NOW!, Check out two of our all-star celeb rollers Jonathan Soroff of The Improper Bostonian Magazine & Tiffani Faison of Sweet Cheeks predicting the winner of our finale event on January 27! 

For more details, visit our Facebook event:
https://www.facebook.com/events/1445288372350056 

**PS, they mean our Harvard STREET location, of course! , Molly from Pop Bop Shop will be at our Celeb Rollers Finale event, will you!? , A ballerina, a chef, a band, a writer, a Twitter celeb & a radio host walk into Anna's Taqueria...

Find out what happens at our Celebrity Burrito Roller Showdown! 6 of our former celeb burrito rollers will go head-to-head in a burrito rolling race to raise money for charity. 

Details & RSVP here:
https://www.facebook.com/events/1445288372350056/?ref=22, Well, looks like the cat is out of the bag...check out our Cubio burrito on Zagat!, Here are more details about our Celebrity Burrito Roller finale event on January 27! Who do you think will roll the fastest burrito?, null, Heads up - all Anna's locations will be closing early tonight at 8:00PM. All locations will be back open tomorrow at 10:00AM. Stay safe, Boston!, Happy 2014, rito-heads! Anyone ringing in the New Year with a burrito today? As always, we strive to bring you the best burrito ingredients around. Because of recent rising costs of packaging and food, you’ll notice a small price increase at Anna’s starting today, January 1. Check out our website for more details: http://www.annastaqueria.com/lunch_and_dinner.html., Do you have a favorite celebrity burrito roller from 2013? Come cheer them on at the ultimate burrito rolling showdown January 27!

Event details below, you don't want to miss this finale event:
https://annascelebrityrollerfinale.eventbrite.com/, Just a reminder, all Anna's locations are closed 12/25 for Christmas. Happy holidays, rito-heads!, In case you missed it, our veggie burrito made The Daily Meal's list of America's 20 Best Burritos! One of these makes a perfect lunch for this rainy Monday! 

http://www.thedailymeal.com/america-s-20-best-burritos-slideshow, We're honored to be on The Daily Meal list of America's 20 Best Burritos!

http://www.thedailymeal.com/america-s-20-best-burritos-slideshow, Have you heard about our Celebrity Roller All-Star Showdown!? 

Six of our celeb rollers from 2013 are returning for the ultimate burrito rolling battle in January 2014. Check out the flier below for details, and mark your calendars to come in and cheer on your favorite celeb on 1/27! 

RSVP here: https://annascelebrityrollerfinale.eventbrite.com, Thanks to everyone who braved the storm to join us at celebrity burrito rollers last night! 

Check out BostonTweet's Vine "How To Make a Burrtweeto"
vine.co/v/h0JZ1A1BbFZ, Don't let a little snow keep you away! Escape the storm and keep warm with a burrito tonight! 

From 6-8PM at our Harvard Street location, BostonTweet will be rolling burritos to benefit Women's Lunch Place!, TONIGHT BostonTweet is braving the snow to be our celebrity burrito roller & raise money for Women's Lunch Place! Come show him and WLP support from 6-8PM.

BostInno has the details about tonight's event: 
http://bostinno.streetwise.co/2013/12/16/bostinno-approved-what-to-do-this-week-121613/, We love to hear about Anna’s fans helping out in the community! 

Are you volunteering this holiday season? Message us about when and where and we will schedule a lunch delivery for one group of hungry and hardworking volunteers! Happy holidays!!, BostonTweet's burritos will be easy to find next Tuesday! He will be at our Harvard Street location from 6-8PM rolling burritos to benefit Women's Lunch Place. 

No hiding games involved this time!, We love to hear about Anna’s fans helping out in the community! Are you volunteering this holiday season? Message us about when and where and we will schedule a lunch delivery for one group of hungry and hardworking volunteers! ‘Tis the season, right?, Who's joining us for dinner tonight?, We know that BostonTweet is good at making faces on his burritos, but will he be any good at rolling burritos? Come by our December Celebrity Burrito Roller event to test his skills! Tuesday the 17th from 6-8PM at our Harvard Street location!, We're excited to have Boston's own Twitter celebrity BostonTweet
close out our celebrity burrito roller series on December 17th! 

He will take over the Anna's kitchen to raise money for Women's Lunch Place, an organization that supports women facing homelessness or poverty. 

PS - Make sure you follow him on Twitter for all things Boston news! 
https://twitter.com/bostontweet, Looking for the perfect holiday gift for your burrito-lovin' friends, family or coworkers? How about some Anna's gear or a gift card!? Nothing says "Happy Holidays" like a burrito! 

http://www.shopannas.net/, Hey Anna's fans! Help us reach 2,014 fans before the year 2014 comes around! Know anyone that loves Anna's? Tag them in a comment on this post and you both might win 12 free burrito cards - one for every month in the new year!, Anna's will be closed for the holiday, happy Thanksgiving! We are thankful for such loyal burrito fans!

For any college students home for the holidays, we will be open the rest of the weekend so make sure to stop in!, Just a reminder rito-heads: all Anna's locations are closed tomorrow for Thanksgiving - plan to get your burrito fix in tonight or first thing on Friday!, Cold days in Boston call for hot burritos from Anna's, Who's seen one of these little cars around Boston!? That's right, Anna's is now available for delivery with the service Dashed! Read about it in The Boston Globe:, We had a great time with Mean Creek last night! Their Celebrity Burrito Roller Event raised money for Pine Street Inn! Thanks to everyone who came out to support them. , Boston rock band Mean Creek jumped behind the counter to roll burritos for Pine Street Inn, TONIGHT'S THE NIGHT!! Mean Creek hops behind our burrito line to raise money for Pine Street Inn. Come support the band from 6-8PM at our Harvard Street location. 

Details via Vanyaland, Mean Creek sat down with Allston Pudding to discuss their upcoming celebrity burrito roller event! Read about it here, and don't forget to stop by on Monday (11/18) to see the rock & roll burritos!, We put this ballerina's techniques to the test!, This professor steps behind the line to learn how to roll a burrito!, November 14th is National Spicy Guacamole day!! Celebrate with some of our signature guacamolio., Wondering what Boston-based rock band Mean Creek is up to? 

Boston Herald fills us in about their new music video, their Boston Music Awards nominations and of course about their Celebrity Burrito Roller Event at Anna's next week!, Anyone check out the Mean Creek show at Great Scott on Saturday? Share your favorite part of the night with us & you might score a free burrito card!

Don't miss Mean Creek at Anna's on 11/18 - they will be guest rolling burritos to raise money for Pine Street Inn!, Great Anna's shout out in The Huffington Post!, Quesadilla for dinner, anyone??, We're excited to have 2013 Boston Music Awards nominees Mean Creek join our celebrity burrito roller series on November 18th! 

Come see the Boston based rock band at Anna's Harvard Street location as they jump behind the line to rock & roll burritos to raise money for Pine Street Inn!

Check out the group's music video for their newest single "Cool Town", Ever wondered how our spoon ninjas roll such perfect burritos?? Men's Journal now has all our secrets! , Good news, everyone! Our Porter Square location is back up and running - so go grab your Friday burrito and start the weekend right!, Go Boston Red Sox!! Via BostonTweet, Unfortunately, our Porter Square location is closed until further notice. There's an issue with the sprinkler system in the building. Check back for updates, we'll let you know when the location reopens!, We had a blast last night with foodista on pointe at celebrity burrito rollers! Check out these burrito-ballet moves! Boston Ballet, Looking for some Monday night plans? 

BostInno rounds up what to do this week, including our Celebrity Burrito Roller Series. Join foodista on pointe at our Harvard Street location from 6-8PM as she rolls burritos to benefit the Boston Ballet!, Don't forget about #AnnasAroundTown! Show off where you love taking your burrito and we'll send you a free burrito card! , Who's ready for some ballerina burrito rollin' action?? Join us 10/28 as Rachel Cossar, writer for foodista on pointe & dancer for the Boston Ballet jumps behind the line at our Harvard Street location as our celebrity burrito roller. #BurritoOnPointe, Thrillist provides a list of "13 Things You Didn't Know About Mexican Coke"...#14 should be that all Anna's locations are chock-full of Mexican Coke!, Rachel Cossar, dancer for Boston Ballet and food blogger for foodista on pointe will be our October Celebrity Burrito Roller. Come by and support her on 10/28 from 6-8PM, all proceeds from burritos rolled by Rachel will go to the Boston Ballet.

Details via The Daily Meal...
http://www.thedailymeal.com/celebrity-roller-series-annas-, null, @JamesBellomo said @Jetlife_fool had a moment with his burrito for this pic, Thanks for the burrito-love TasteBUds! , We're getting ready to host foodista on pointe as our October celebrity burrito roller! Come support her and Boston Ballet on 10/28!, null, Honored to be named "Best Cheap Eats" and "Best Fast Bite" by Scout Somerville readers! #ScoutsHonored, It's a beautiful day to take your Anna's on the road! Don't forget about #AnnasAroundTown!

Share photos of your burrito visiting some of Boston's most iconic spots using the hashtag #AnnasAroundTown. Most creative submissions will win a free burrito card!, @chefjohn48 shows us his canine burrito holder, too cute!, In case you haven't had any tacos yet in honor of #NationalTacoDay... BostInno rounds up 12 of Boston's best taco joints, including us!, It's #NationalTacoDay! How about some breakfast tacos to celebrate this fine holiday?, It's a beautiful day to take your Anna's to go! Snap a photo of your burrito traveling around the city and use #AnnasAroundTown. Our favorite submissions will win a free burrito card., Starting today, and all throughout October, we encourage you to take your Anna's out on the town. Share photos of your burrito visiting some of Boston's most iconic spots using the hashtag #AnnasAroundTown. Most creative submissions will win a free burrito card!, A collection of photos taken by our amazing fans. You all are the best! , Hey rito-heads! We want to know where you enjoy Anna’s around the city. Throughout October, post pictures on our Facebook or tweet us about the fun places around town where you’re taking your Anna’s to-go! Toting a burrito while visiting Boston landmarks, on the MBTA, or cheering at your school tailgate? Most creative submissions will get a free burrito card! Just use #AnnasAroundTown to show us where you go with your beloved Anna’s., It's always burrito'clock at Anna's!, null, Thanks to everyone who came out to #AnnasWalqueria on Saturday! Here are some walkers at stop #3, who made it all 6 locations?, Beautiful day for #AnnasWalqueria! Thanks everyone for coming out, it's not too late to join in!, Last year we raised around $7,000 for The Home for Little Wanderers! Let’s top that this year at The 7th Annual Walqueria. 

The event starts TOMORROW at 9:30AM at 1412 Beacon Street. Think you can make it to all 6 stores?? Join us tomorrow and test your burrito eating & half marathon walking skills!, A collection of photos taken by our amazing fans. You all are the best! , Who's excited for the Anna's Walqueria? Get those walking shoes and empty bellies ready because the Walqueria is this Saturday. See you at 9:30AM for 13.1 miles of smiles and 'ritos all benefiting The Home for Little Wanderers., We will be participating in the Boston Police Athletic League Inc.'s Grand Prix Carnival on Saturday, September 21. Come out for food, beer and wine, music and activities for kids, all while enjoying the race! https://www.facebook.com/events/155525807987344/, Job well done, Dr. Yaffe! A big thank you to everyone that stopped by MIT last night to support the Koch Institute as part of our monthly Celebrity Burrito Roller Series! Check back soon for details on our October guest!, Ever wanted to see your favorite professor roll you a burrito? Now you can at this Month’s Celebrity Roller Series! Dr. Yaffe, Massachusetts Institute of Technology (MIT) professor will be rolling burritos from 6 to 8PM. All burritos rolled by Dr. Yaffe are $10 with all proceeds benefiting the Koch Institute. Come hungry!, Our Cubio made it in Thrillist's list of Boston's best off-menu food!, Who's excited for the New England Patriots' first home game tomorrow!? To celebrate, we are doing Patriots trivia every hour on Twitter. First to answer each question correctly wins a CUBIO burrito - that's right, 3 super burritos in one! 

https://twitter.com/AnnasBoston, One week from today is our September Celebrity Burrito Roller event at our Massachusetts Institute of Technology (MIT) location! Dr. Michael Yaffe, MIT Professor, cancer researcher and attending surgeon at Beth Israel Deaconess Medical Center is rolling to benefit the Koch Institute.

100% of proceeds from burritos rolled by Dr. Yaffe go to the Koch Institute. Stop 9/16 from 6-8PM and stump him with your trickiest burrito order!, We had so much fun yesterday at RadioBDC! Check out the segment here which discusses the Welcome Wagon, the Walqueria and the September celebrity rollers event at MIT! 

http://www.boston.com/ae/radio/blog/2013/09/annas_taqueria_rolls_in_with_the_welcome_wagon.html, 18 days until The 7th Annual Anna's Walqueria, but who's counting!? PopBopShop has all the details about this year's event benefiting The Home for Little Wanderers., SAVE THE DATE! The 27th Annual Anna's Walqueria will be on Saturday, September 21st. Join us for a 13.1 walk to all 6 of the Anna's locations while raising money for The Home for Little Wanderers. , Thanks for all the birthday love!, Happy birthday to us! #HappyBdayAnnas, TODAY is Anna’s Taqueria’s birthday! We have been feeding Boston the best burritos in town for 18 YEARS! Show us some birthday love on Facebook and three fans will win a present of their own – a bundle of 18 free burrito cards. 

To further celebrate our big birthday, we will be donating $1,818.18 to Birthday Wishes so other kids can enjoy their special day too. #HappyBdayAnnas, Sunday is our 18th birthday! Can you believe it? We’ve loved serving up burritos all these years – and we hope you’ve loved eating them! 

Show us some birthday love on Sunday and three lucky fans will receive a bundle of 18 free burrito cards. #HappyBdayAnnas, We're switching up celebrity burrito rollers in September! Join us 9/16 at our Massachusetts Institute of Technology (MIT) location with special guest roller Michael Yaffe, PhD, MD. Yaffe is an MIT Professor, Cancer Researcher and Attending Surgeon at Beth Israel Deaconess Medical Center, come see if he can roll a burrito like the pros!

Burritos rolled by Yaffe are $10 with all proceeds going to the David H. Koch Institute for Integrative Cancer Research., Make sure you clear your schedule September 21st! It's Walqueria time! , A collection of photos taken by our amazing fans. You all are the best! , null, Never fear rito-heads, the Walqueria will be back this year & better than ever! Stay tuned for more details soon., We had a great time last night rollin' ritos with Ashley Stanley and Louis DiBiccari! Thanks to everyone who came out to support Lovin' Spoonfuls! 
http://boston.eater.com/archives/2013/08/12/dibiccari-rolls-charity-burritos-tonight-corn-at-harvest.php, What's better than a burrito on a Monday night? A burrito on a Monday night that supports feeding the homeless! BostInno has all the info on our celebrity burrito rollers event tonight with Chef Louis DiBiccari from Tavern Road and Ashley Stanley from Lovin' Spoonfuls., A collection of photos taken by our amazing fans. You all are the best! , MONDAY 8/12 is our August celebrity burrito roller event! Join us at the Harvard Street location from 6-8PM with Ashley Stanley from Lovin' Spoonfuls and Chef Louis Dibiccari from Tavern Road as they double team our burrito line to raise money for Lovin' Spoonfuls., Thanks for voting us Best Burrito on Boston's A-List! , Who's joining us for breakfast this morning?, A collection of photos taken by our amazing fans. You all are the best! , Clear your calendar for Monday, August 12! We have both Chef Louis DiBiccari from Tavern Road and Ashley Stanley from Lovin' Spoonfuls stepping behind the line as our celebrity burrito rollers to raise money for Lovin' Spoonfuls. Stop by our Harvard Street location from 6-8PM and show them some love!, Beautiful afternoon for some of our refreshing horchata!, #TacoTuesday Al Pastor edition! What are you having for lunch?, A collection of photos taken by our amazing fans. You all are the best! , Happy National Parents’ Day from our Anna’s burrito family! Share this status and you could win burrito cards for the whole family!, WOW - we just shipped 8 burritos to Chicago... See you soon, Windy City!, #TacoTuesday, anyone?, Did you catch Lindsay Clubine in Boston Herald Entertainment...doing the burrito rolling thing!, Have you tried our Mexican Plate? A delicious bed of rice topped with your choice of filling, plus beans and corn tortillas., Any guesses?? , Lindsay Buchholz steps behind the line as our July celebrity burrito roller!, After last night Lindsay Clubine is a burrito rolling pro! Thanks to everyone who came out and supported the Clay Buchholz Foundation! More photos to come., TONIGHT Lindsay Buchholz, model, actress, television host and wife of Boston Red Sox pitcher Clay Buchholz will join our kitchen team at Harvard Street as our celebrity burrito roller! 

Come support her from 6-8PM, all proceeds from burritos rolled by Lindsay will go to the Clay Buchholz Foundation Foundation, an organization with a mission to provide health, educational and sports programs, resources and opportunities to improve the lives of children in need.

Details via Zagat Survey:, Check us out on WCVB-TV's Wake Up Call! Buenos Dias from all of us at Anna's!, Come show Lindsay Buchholz, model, actress, television host and wife of Red Sox pitcher Clay Buchholz some love on Tuesday July 9th as she steps behind the line at our Harvard Street location 6-8PM to be our next celebrity roller! 

Lindsay is rolling to benefit the Clay Buchholz Foundation, an organization with a mission to provide health, educational and sports programs, resources and opportunities to improve the lives of children in need., Excited to be named Improper Bostonian Magazine's Best Burrito in the The 2013 Boston's Best for the 15th year in a row! Thanks for your support, rito-heads!, Who's ready for our July celebrity burrito roller event?! This month Lindsay Buchholz, model, actress, television host and wife of Red Sox pitcher Clay Buchholz will be rollin' ritos to benefit the Clay Buchholz Foundation, an organization with a mission to provide health, educational and sports programs, resources and opportunities to improve the lives of children in need.

Come see Lindsay roll July 9th from 6-8PM at our Harvard Street location. Details via Boston Herald, Who thinks they could eat this whole burrito!?, Check out how to eat at Anna's #glutenfree courtesy of Gluten Free Boston Girl! , Great shot of our friends over at Girls' Leap which offers self-defense and empowerment programs to Boston girls., Looking for a reason to escape the heat? What better excuse than a super-super..., Who wants a free burrito!?, Enjoying the first day of summer in Boston Common today? Keep an eye out for our street team! They'll be handing out free burrito cards to celebrate the summer solstice!, #TBT #ThrowbackThursday Our first celebrity burrito roller Tiffani Faison back in January. Stay tuned for details about our July roller!, Happy Wednesday! Spice up your day with some steak tacos with salsa roja., A collection of photos taken by our amazing fans. You all are the best! , James from the Matty Show joined us as our June celebrity burrito roller! All proceeds from his burritos went to the ASPCA, Can't wait to test out James from the Matty Show's burrito rollin' skills tonight at our Harvard St. location. See you there! , Looking for something to do this week? BostInno recommends our Celebrity Burrito Roller Series with Kiss 108 Radio's  James from the Matty Show. Come by our Harvard Street location from 6-8PM tomorrow and have your burrito rolled by James to benefit the ASPCA!, A collection of photos taken by our amazing fans. You all are the best! , We'll share a #FotoFriday of our own today...Chicken Ranchero Tacos, who's hungry now?, Looking forward to hosting James from the Matty Show next week as our June celebrity burrito roller!, Pretty darn good breakfast, if we do say so ourselves., Just a little over a week away from our June celebrity burrito roller event! On Tuesday, June 11 James from the Matty Show will be rollin ritos at our Harvard Street location to benefit the ASPCA! Stop by from 6-8PM to see the Matty In The Morning associate producer!, A collection of photos taken by our amazing fans. You all are the best! , Thank you BostonTweet, we love this video!

https://t.co/dAukpdAUj5

What's the lifespan of your Anna's burrito?, It's almost time for our next celebrity burrito roller event! Join James Raggi from Kiss 108 Radio's  Matty In The Morning show on June 11 from 6-8PM. He will be rollin' up ritos to benefit the ASPCA!, Not exactly Memorial Day grilling weather, right? Skip the burgers and hot dogs and enjoy the long weekend with a burrito!, First bite is the best bite! Right, @jamesbellomo?, Summer is quickly approaching! Please note that some of our restaurant's hours change with the season:

Davis Square is now open until 1:30AM.
MIT's hours are now 7AM - 11:30PM, every day., Okay, so we may have missed Taco Tuesday, but ain't nothing wrong with Taco Al Pastor Wednesday!, Hands down one of the best #FotoFriday submissions from @TheSeatPad. "Best burritos in the galactic empire.", Happy Mother’s Day! Don’t forget we’re spreading the Mother’s Day love: tweet us pictures of your family’s trip to Anna’s today & we’ll send you a free burrito card!
https://twitter.com/AnnasBoston, Our May celebrity burrito roller event with Steve "Nookie" Postal, Mother’s Day is just around the corner! Bring your family to Anna’s on Sunday and take the day off from cooking! In appreciation of all our Anna’s loving moms, tweet us pictures of your kids enjoying their meal at Anna’s on Sunday and we’ll send you a free burrito card!

https://twitter.com/AnnasBoston, Join us for our celebrity burrito roller event at the Harvard Street location from 6-8PM tonight! Have your burrito rolled by Around the World in 80 Plates contestant and former Fenway Park Executive Chef Steve "Nookie" Postal - 100% of proceeds go to The One Fund Boston., A collection of photos taken by our amazing fans. You all are the best! , On Tuesday, May 7th Bravo TV's Around the World in 80 Plates contestant Nookie Postal will be our celebrity roller! 

Dine for a cause at our Harvard Street location from 6-8PM, 100% of the proceeds from Nookie's burritos will go to The One Fund Boston, Come find us on Massachusetts Institute of Technology (MIT) campus, we'll be in the student center from 12-1 giving away our delicious chips and salsa, and a limited number of burritos!, What are you having for lunch...?, A collection of photos taken by our amazing fans. You all are the best! , TGIF rito-lovers! If this photo doesn't make you crave a burrito, we don't know what will...see you this weekend!, On Tuesday, May 7th Chef Steve "Nookie" Postal, recent contestant on Bravo TV's Around the World in 80 Plates and former Executive Chef for Fenway Park, will join us as our fifth celebrity roller! 

Come by our Harvard St. location from 6-8PM and have Nookie roll your burrito! All proceeds will got to The One Fund Boston., Today at our MIT location we are taking donations for The Jimmy Fund to honor Sean Collier. Free chips and salsa for donations of $10 or more. Stop by and pay your respects to a fallen hero., All Anna's locations are closed today. Stay safe, everyone., Our thoughts are with everyone affected by Monday's tragedy in Boston., Our Coolidge Corner location is conveniently on the Brookline side of the The Boston Marathon route. Do some carbo-loading of your own and enjoy your burrito with prime viewing at our street-level seating!, null, We had a great time last night with Henry Santoro from RadioBDC, and his burrito rolling skills were top notch! Thanks everyone who came out for the celebrity burrito roller event!, Dine for a cause tonight at our 4th celebrity burrito roller event! Henry Santoro from RadioBDC will jump behind the line at our Harvard Street location to roll burrito's for ESSCOMGH.org Breast Cancer Research Fund. 

Details via BostInno:, Looking to score a free burrito card? In honor of the Boston Red Sox first home game today we're doing Red Sox trivia every hour on Twitter, first to answer correctly gets a free burrito card!

https://twitter.com/AnnasBoston, @whiteryanc enjoys Anna's with his pup, Read about our fresh, scratch-made ingredients, local suppliers and authentic recipes via Boston Fitness Magazine, Did you miss us on RadioBDC this morning? Check out this interview with Henry Santoro, who will be our next celebrity roller on 4/8! 

http://www.boston.com/ae/radio/blog/2013/04/henry_in_the_grub_annas_taqueria.html, We are on air with Henry Santoro on RadioBDC this morning.
Tune in to the show right now! http://www.boston.com/ae/radio/, Monday, April 8 is our fourth celebrity roller event at our Harvard Street location! This month, Henry Santoro from RadioBDC will be rolling burritos to benefit ESSCOMGH.org Come by from 6-8PM., @doboyeez enjoying this beautiful burrito!, Stuck without dinner plans? How about a carnitas quesadilla?, Miss out on our March celebrity roller event with A.J. Soares? Never fear rito-heads, we have another one coming up April 8th! Henry Santoro from RadioBDC will be rollin' ritos for ESSCOMGH.org's Breast Cancer Research Fund from 6-8 at our Harvard Street location., @Alex_Mellion pauses for a pic mid-bite, null, Celebrate the first day of spring with a cup of our Jamaica Tea!, Check out this awesome video from last night's celebrity roller series with AJ Soares from New England Revolution! He rolled that super-super carnitas like a champ! 

http://www.youtube.com/watch?feature=player_embedded&v=ZESGWMaCmL4, Head to our Harvard Street location tonight and have your burrito rolled by New England Revolution player A.J. Soares! $10 for a burrito and all proceeds go to Boston Children's Hospital., @mayapapaya727 enjoys her super burritos with extra  jalepenos!, Celebrate St. Patrick's Day the Anna's way, with a burrito of course! Today while supplies last we'll be dishing out not-so-traditional Irish corned beef and cabbage burritos!, Irish burritos? That's right, Sunday (while supplies last) we will be serving up special St. Paddy's Day corned beef and cabbage burritos! Thrillist has all the details..., Monday March 18th we are hosting A.J. Soares from the New England Revolution at Anna's Harvard Street for the celebrity burrito roller series!

Come by from 6-8pm to have AJ roll up your burrito, with all proceeds going to Boston Children's Hospital. See y'all there!, A collection of photos taken by our amazing fans. You all are the best! , Want to score a free burrito? Follow @AnnasBoston on Twitter and  tweet us a #FotoFriday picture of your meal at Anna's!, We're excited down to the burrito-shaped core for this month's celebrity burrito rollers event! Swing by Anna's Harvard Street on Monday, March 18 to get your 'rito rolled by New England Revolution player AJ Soares. All proceeds from the event will support Boston Children's Hospital., A big thank you to our new Pinterest followers! Congrats to Pinterest users @freak35, @flomono, @kpenalvert, @crikkle and @BostonTaraLee! Message us your address and we’ll send a free burrito card your way., To celebrate Pinterest's birthday (it launched in March, 2010) we're giving FREE burritos to the next five people to follow Anna's on Pinterest right... now! Happy third birthday, Pinterest. Follow away!, Big news, 'rito-heads: We're now accepting credit card payments at Anna's MIT!, TGIF! How about a Cubio (three burritos worth of Anna's goodness) to start your weekend off right?!, We're psyched to support Boston Children's Hospital at our next celebrity burrito roller series event on March 18 when New England Revolution player AJ Soares takes on the line at our Harvard Street location from 6-8 PM!, null, Calling all Anna's fans! We're giving out free burrito cards in Coolidge Corner right NOW. Spot our street team to get yours and celebrate National Tortilla Chip Day this Sunday with a free burrito on the side!, Follow Anna's on Twitter? Tweet us a #FotoFriday picture of your meal at Anna's today for a chance at a FREE burrito!, @kantarooxp washes down her 'rito with Horchata, null, Excited to roll 'ritos for a cause tonight with Improper Bostonian Magazine's Jonathan Soroff, who's taking over the line at our Harvard Street location to benefit the Caring for Carcinoid Foundation!, Happy Valentine's Day to all our loyal 'rito fans! Show us some love today with a nomination for Boston Phoenix's Best Burrito:, DigBoston writer and self-proclaimed burrito buff, Kris Jenson, tried his luck at our TALKeria speed-dating event to find an Anna's-loving match for Valentine's Day. Here's how it went:, It's almost Valentine's Day, burrito-heads! What better way to say "I love you" than with some Anna's gear? Browse gifts for your sweetheart here:, We're excited to team up with Improper Bostonian Magazine writer Jonathan Soroff and the Caring for Carcinoid Foundation for our next celebrity burrito rollers event on 2/19! More info on this month's cause:, We're closed for the day due to the storm. Stay safe, everyone!, Change of plans (thanks to Nemo!): We will be closing ALL Anna's locations at 2:00 PM today due to the snow storm. Skip the lines at the grocery store and stock up on burritos, tacos, chips and guac instead!, All Anna's locations except Anna's MIT are closing at 2:00 PM today due to the storm. MIT will be open all day. Stay safe, burrito-heads!, The evolution of an Anna's burrito, as chronicled by our friend and fan BostonTweet:, null, null, Near Boston Common? We're giving out free burrito cards near the Frog Pond right NOW!, Getting excited for tonight's #AnnasTALKeria! More information on the meet & greet from our friends at Metro Boston:, Who's joining us tomorrow night at #AnnasTALKeria? Find your burrito-loving match & support Casa Myrna! Tickets here:, A collection of photos taken by our amazing fans. You all are the best! , Our new website is officially live! Check it out here and let us know what you think!, We're excited to raise funds for Casa Myrna at our first-ever TALKeria speed-dating event on 2/5. Come mingle with fellow burrito-lovers and support a great cause!, Congratulations to Rachael Tampone, the winner of our Super Bowl Pinterest contest! Here’s her winning board, complete with game-day nosh from yours truly! Rachael, message us to discuss redeeming your prize. And a huge thank you to all who entered., Check out Tiffani Faison of Sweet Cheeks practicing her 'rito-rolling skills on-air for The Morning Show - NECN! She'll kick off our celebrity rollers series tonight from 6-8 PM to benefit MassEquality., A collection of photos taken by our amazing fans. You all are the best! , Good news, burrito-heads! We're giving you two more days to enter out Super Bowl Pinterest contest. Stay tuned, we'll announce the winner of FREE Anna's nosh for 10 on Wednesday! http://www.facebook.com/annastaqueriaboston/posts/407274179352340, Facebook fan Carla Bejakian just entered to win an Anna's Super Bowl feast for 10 by pinning the pieces of her ultimate kick-off party. Here's how you can enter! http://www.facebook.com/annastaqueriaboston/posts/407274179352340, Dateless for Valentine's Day? Fear not, burrito-heads! Our TALKeria speed-dating event on 2/5 will help match you with an Anna's-loving suitor just in time for the holiday. Details here:, Anna's fan Laura Koleniak pinned her way to a shot at FREE Anna's nosh for ten on Super Bowl Sunday! Details on your chance at the prize: http://www.facebook.com/annastaqueriaboston/posts/407274179352340, A collection of photos taken by our amazing fans. You all are the best! , Wishing you a happy weekend and sweet dreams, 'rito fans! We know what we'll be dreaming of..., We don't know about you, but we're already gearing up for our game-day fare on Super Bowl Sunday! Oh, and we've got yours covered too! Make a Pinterest board with the makings of your ideal Super Bowl party ('ritos and guac, anyone??) and share it with us for your chance to win FREE Anna's nosh for ten for the big game! Full details here: http://www.facebook.com/annastaqueriaboston/posts/407274179352340, Want to score a free burrito? Follow @AnnasBoston on Twitter and participate in our weekly #TuesdayTrivia contests!, GO PATS! Eyeing a spot in the Super Bowl and we've got your game-day feast covered! Details on your chance to win FREE Anna's for you and ten friends: http://www.facebook.com/annastaqueriaboston/posts/407274179352340, @EHarris' Friday morning usual - Super Carnitas with a side of awesome., We're excited to have Tiffani Faison of Sweet Cheeks participate as our first ever celebrity burrito roller on 1/29! Proceeds from the night will go to MassEquality., Super Bowl Sunday is the 2nd largest holiday for US eats. What better way to celebrate kick-off than chowing burritos, tacos, chips & guac? Call to pre-order for game day:, Valentine's Day is quickly approaching! We can help you meet fellow (burrito-loving) singles at our first ever TALKeria event with Her Campus and The Professional Wingman on 2/5!, Calling all burrito buffs! Super Bowl XLVII is right around the corner and we have the key to your game-day feast (think: Cubio, burritos, tacos… all the best Anna’s loot!). All that can be FREE for you and your friends if you enter our Pinterest contest! Here’s what you have to do:

1. Follow @AnnasBoston on Pinterest! 
2. Create a Pinterest board with all the fixings of your ULTIMATE Super Bowl party. The more creative, the better! (Hint: burritos, quesadillas and tacos make great game-day fare!)
3. Post a link to your Pinterest board on our Facebook page or in a Twitter post tagging Anna's (@AnnasBoston) by Monday, 1/28 to enter.

One winner will get a boat-load of Anna’s nosh for a party of ten, to be picked up before kick-off on Super Bowl Sunday! Winner will be announced through Facebook and Twitter on Thursday, 1/31., Almost time to don your best burrito-eating pants for our new celeb 'rito rollers series, kicking off 1/29 with Tiffani Faison! Details via Zagat Survey:, On Tues, Jan 29, join us at Anna's Harvard street for the kick-off of our monthly celebrity burrito roller series! Each month, we'll host a different local celeb to roll burritos w/ all proceeds going to charity. Tiffani Faison of Sweet Cheeks is our first celeb roller from 6-8pm on Jan 29. See y'all there!, Happy holidays, burrito heads! Here's a look at our hours over the next few weeks:
Dec 21
MIT location closes at 11pm and reopens Wednesday Dec 26 
 
Dec 24
MGH location closes at 6pm
Beacon Street, Harvard Street, Porter Square and Davis Square locations close at 7pm
 
Dec 25
All locations closed
  
Dec 28
MIT location closes at 11pm and reopens Wednesday, Jan 2, @MazzyYoDazzy gets his Friday morning 'rito on., Heads up that all locations are closed tomorrow (20 pounds of turkey, here we come!) and the MIT store is closed Friday. Happy Thanksgiving to our favorite burrito heads!, With Thanksgiving just two days away, we want to take a moment to thank you to all of our friends and fans! 

As you might have heard, Facebook is changing their rules for business pages. To make sure you stay up to date with the latest from us (and all of your favorite pages), here’s what you need to do:

1) Go to the Anna's Taqueria page
2) Click on the gear symbol next to the "Message" button.
3) Select "Add to Interest Lists"

Pass it on and keep in touch!, Our pals at BSMW Page have a great tip for what to eat during Patriots game-day parties and tailgates. Hint: rhymes with Shmanna's shmurritos, Our tip for celebrating National Spicy Guacamole Day? Try your burrito, taco, quesadilla or Mexican plate drizzled with our house-made, jalapeno-laced guacamolio!, For a few helpful hints on how to eat on the lighter side at Anna's, check out this great post on Comfy and Confident!, @jumbojep looks on as @AliceEdPsyche tries her first-ever Anna's burrito!, We're thrilled to be included as a nominee for Best Burrito in DigBoston's 2012 Dig This Awards! Vote early and often!, Happy National Nut Day! We're celebrating with a refreshing sip of house-made horchata - a traditional Mexican drink blending ground almonds and rice milk., Always glad to see new faces, especially from local schools! Check out this great piece from HerCampus.com's Tufts branch on their first-ever visit to Anna's! http://www.hercampus.com/school/tufts/trip-mexico-no-just-anna-s-taqueria, National Taco Day and Jumpstart's Read for the Record is finally here!! Tacos for a cause? Sounds like a no brainer to us, Boston.com has the scoop on our Taco Day/Read for the Record celebration with Jumpstart! Check out how you can participate, Join us October 4 to celebrate National Taco Day and Jumpstart's Read for the Record Day! A portion of all taco sales will support early childhood education programs. After all, giving back to our community is what Anna's is all about!, A collection of photos taken by our amazing fans. You all are the best! , It's almost lunchtime! May we make a suggestion..., Stop in this weekend to celebrate Mexican Independence Day and National Guac Day on Sept 16! We'll have festive decorations and plenty o' this, In honor of 9/11 and the men and women who've protected and served our country, we're offering all service members in uniform a free burrito today. Thank you for everything you do!, Check out Fitness & Feta's take on some of our healthier menu items - great for nutritious on-the-go noshing!, A meeting of the burrito minds: long-time burrito fanatics BostonTweet and Henry Santoro of RadioBDC with our own Mike Kamio!, It's feedin' time, y'all, @AndrewFodera likes his carnitas burrito fully loaded, @speverts91 challenges our Spoon Ninjas to roll four Super burritos in one!, @MegMc toasts Friday the best way possible - with Chicken Ranchero!, Did you get a chance to try our agua fresca on National Watermelon Day? Now's the time to check out the fresh squeezed watermelon drink while the fruit is still in season!, Loving this Grub Street slideshow of Boston's top tacos, including our new barbacoa. Come by and try it soon!, Loving this umommy post on Anna's signature dishes...stay tuned for more on our soon-to-launch kids' menu!, Mmmmm, agua fresca. 'nuff said., A collection of photos taken by our amazing fans. You all are the best! , null, Loving this piece on our house-made horchata and jamaica! Perfect day for one of these refreshing drinks, Pumped to make BostInnovation.com's list of Boston's best breakfast burritos and sammies. Many thanks!, Join us for the 6th Annual Anna's Walqueria on June 16. 13.1 miles of burrito-fueled fun to support The Home for Little Wanderers!, Midday hankering for Mexican? Meet the latest addition to the burrito line - steak barbacoa (slow-cooked shredded beef with spicy chili sauce), Check out the latest addition to our lineup of specialty Mexican drinks. This green apple soda is perfect for a hot Memorial Day weekend!, SPLASHSCORE has 20 more free Anna's burritos up for grabs! Find out how you can get your paws on one, Pssst! Want to know how to win a free burrito? Check out Splashscore for the answer... http://splashscore.com/rewards/index.php/2012-05-21-TAQ, Beautiful day for a beautiful lunch!, Well kiddos, it's another gloomy one out there today. What do you do to brighten your mood?, A collection of photos taken by our amazing fans. You all are the best! , All of this cruddy weather has us dreaming of the sunny days to follow. Oh, and this, A collection of photos taken by our amazing fans. You all are the best! , Best of luck on finals college folks! Check out these eating tips from the gals at Her Campus (hint: involves burritos) , Happy National Salsa Month! Celebrate with warm tortilla chips dipped in our house-made pico de gallo., A collection of photos taken by our amazing fans. You all are the best! , National Pigs in a Blanket Day? More like, Carnitas in a Tortilla Day!, @sMelissaReohr can't wait to chow down on her free 'rito!, A collection of photos taken by our amazing fans. You all are the best! , Check out our tacos al pastor in The Boston Globe today - hungry yet? , @thecori went to take a photo of a carnitas burrito, only to discover it had been eaten!, Boston is hosting the NCAA East Regional Tourney next week at TD Garden! Nothing like Anna's burritos to spice up game-days (the McClathy-Tribune agrees), Anna's fans get their hands dirty at the Spoon Ninja burrito-rolling race!, These burrito heads try their hand at mastering the Anna's Taqueria burrito at a lightning-fast pace., Jose Luis from Anna's Harvard Street flexes his spoon skills in the Spoon Ninja burrito-rolling race., Manuel Pol from Anna's Beacon Street crafts a perfect burrito in under 20 seconds!, Renier from Anna's Beacon Street and Isidro from Anna's Cambridge Street & MIT face off in a high-energy burrito-rolling race., null, null, Happy Corned Beef & Cabbage Burrito Day! Join us for little luck 'o the Irish starting today at noon and available while supplies last!, A collection of photos taken by our amazing fans. You all are the best! , Friday afternoon veggie burrito = happy @DiannaSawyer. nom nom nom, Our burrito-rolling race to crown the fastest Anna's employee and fastest Anna's fan with the Golden Spoon!, A collection of photos taken by our amazing fans. You all are the best! , Our burrito-rolling race to crown the fastest Anna's employee and fastest Anna's fan with the Golden Spoon!, Happy Spoon Ninja Day! 5 Spots just opened for the fan rolling race. Claim yours at our EventBrite page. Let the good times roll!, null, @tsimstothetop celebrates National Tortilla Chip Day in the form of a Super half-chili verde half-veggie burrito!, Check out this hilarious video about our upcoming Spoon Ninja competition on Thrillist this morning! Come visit us at our Harvard Street store on Feb 29 at 6pm to join in the burrito-rolling fun! , A collection of photos taken by our amazing fans. You all are the best! , A collection of photos taken by our amazing fans. You all are the best! , A collection of photos taken by our amazing fans. You all are the best! , @danielledirusso knows how to get her weekend off to a good start!, Happy February! Remember our Spoon Ninja burrito-rolling race is right around the corner. Check out our EventBrite page for details and registration info! , Check out our Spoon Ninja burrito-rolling race in Metro BOSTON's roundup of fun family activities! Register at http://annastaqueriaspoonninja.eventbrite.com/ to compete. , Nominations are open for Boston Phoenix's 2012 The Best Awards! We hope you'll help us by voting Anna's as Best Burrito. Thanks for your support! Deadline is Feb 8
http://contests.thephoenix.com/thebest/boston/2012/noms/food#cat10226, Coming February 29: Anna's Spoon Ninja burrito-rolling race at our Harvard Street store! We'll determine the fastest Anna's roller AND the fastest fan. Make sure to register if you want to compete!, Check out Family Friendly Boston's great look at our tacos and specialty drinks - perfect for everyone in the fam! , Hope everyone had a safe & happy holiday. Stop by and see us before heading home from your holiday travels...or just because you feel like it!, A collection of photos taken by our amazing fans. You all are the best! , Thrilled to be featured on The Emerson Channel's "College Kitchen" -- check out the burrito rolling demo with Carlos! , Check us out in this week's issue of the Boston Business Journal! Mike, our fearless leader, talks burritos and biodiesel trucks for the restaurant issue., Looking forward to fun, family and food at Casa Myrna Vazquez's holiday party tonight!, A collection of photos taken by our amazing fans. You all are the best! , We call rainy days ideal burrito-eating days!, FYI, we're closed on Thanksgiving Day. So, if you're planning on carving into a Cubio this year, better plan ahead!, Great Brookline TAB piece on our Super-Super-Super Cubio burrito! Who's tried tackling it before?, @bernardosays dedicates his Super Carnitas 'Rito to @mattmira - how thoughtful!, @Retro_homme scores a winning combo: Burrito + Jarritos, A collection of photos taken by our amazing fans. You all are the best! , Check out BostInnovation.com's piece on our biodiesel vehicle (aka the best-smelling truck in the world - carnitas!) , Thanks Weekly Dig and to all of our incredible fans for naming us Best Burrito in the 2011 Dig This Awards! We wouldn't be here without your amazing support :), Check out BostonTweet chatting about his much-loved burrito characters (Hurricane Irene commemorative 'rito, anyone?) on a recent ep of Phantom Gourmet. Love it!, Thanks for supporting us as Citysearch's 2011 Best Burrito! We're honored to have such amazing fans :) , @abbysteinbock beats the mid-day Friday slump with housemade horchata, A collection of photos taken by our amazing fans. You all are the best! , Very excited to be included in this great video from the Daily Meal on the best sandwiches in Boston along with Area Four, Foumami and BiNA osteria! http://www.thedailymeal.com/sandwich-journey-around-boston, We would love your vote for Best Burrito in the dig Boston awards! Voting just takes a second. Thank you! http://tinyurl.com/4xqffd6 , In case you missed the exciting news from the weekend, be sure to grab a copy of today's Herald to see the mention of Deadmau5 and Tommy Lee enjoying some Anna's burritos! http://tinyurl.com/3f3aoxw #wooomp, Make sure to grab The Sumo Skinny's Fall Guide to Boston! Check out Anna's included as a favorite pick in the "UnFast Food" category! Read it online here: http://issuu.com/sumoskinny/docs/fall_guide_boston, Loved seeing this article on the dig's web site for our story contest! Be sure to check it out: http://digboston.com/taste/2011/10/national-taco-day-annas-taqueria/, Today is National Taco Day... In other words, an excuse to come in for your favorite or go all out and try one of each today! Tweet us your photos @Annasboston, Check out our fantastic foodie judges from our video contest in this photo on the Brookline Tab site! http://www.wickedlocal.com/brookline/news/business/x1038228090/Annas-Taqueria-stages-My-Annas-Story-contest-to-mark-15th-anniversary#axzz1ZGK9gPJQ, Check out this great TV Diner segment with host Jenny Johnson interviewing owner Mike Kamio and trying some of our favorite dishes! http://www.necn.com/09/17/11/Jenny-Cam-Unbeatable-burritos/landing_tvdiner.html?blockID=564482&feedID=4411, Anna's Taqueria The winners of our story contest have been announced! Please check out our web site for more details http://www.annastaqueria.com/15.htm, The time has come! We are very excited to announce the winners of the My Anna's Story contest! Thank you so much for all who participated - we had a blast going through all of the submissions! For more details, please visit http://www.annastaqueria.com/15.htm , We had a great time today with Jenny Johnson shooting TV Diner!, null, Anna's Taqueria Hope everyone is just as excited as we are for this weekend's 5th annual Walqueria! For those attending- we would love if you could tag this Anna's page (the official Anna's FB) in any mobile uploads from the event! See you then!, Hope everyone is just as excited as we are for this weekend's 5th annual Anna's Walqueria! For those attending- we would love if you could tag Anna's in any mobile uploads from the event! See you then!, Our story contest has officially ended! We are really looking forward to looking through all the awesome entries that have come our way during the past few months. Stay tuned for more details!, Awesome! Anna's wins Best Burrito for the 2011 "Boston.com's A-List". A big thank you to all 661 people that took part in the voting process http://boston.cityvoter.com/best/burrito/food/the-boston-area, We had a great time at the WFNX studios recording Henry's Hot Plate. Be sure to listen to the segment here! http://wfnx.com/shows/mornings/podcast-henry%27s-hot-plate-with-anna%27s-taqueria, Excited to announce another free treats day! Stop on by for a free drink: Jamaica, Horchata and fresh lemonade!!, On July 11th, the Beacon Hill Civic Association presented the first-ever Golden Broom award alongside fellow Beacon Hill residents Jack and Mary Fitzgerald presented by Mayor Menino., Last night we were honored to accepted the Beacon Hill Civic Association's first-ever Golden Broom award alongside fellow Beacon Hill residents Jack and Mary Fitzgerald presented by Mayor Menino. http://beaconhill.patch.com/articles/mayor-bestows-golden-brooms-to-conscientious-beacon-hillers, Here is a hilarious video for our story contest that you will want to check out: http://www.youtube.com/user/AnnasTaqueria?feature=mhee#p/c/24/DBqJj9PJFO0, Due to a number of great last minute submissions, we have decided to extend the story contest through the end of July, so you still have time! Keep the entries coming- its going to be a tough decision! http://www.youtube.com/annastaqueria, We are honored to hold the title of Boston’s Best Burrito by the Improper Bostonian – 13 years and counting! Congratulations to all of this year’s winners! Anna's Taqueria http://www.improper.com/bostons-best/food-drink/, Wow what an awesome video! Great job Nelson! Be sure to check out the newest video submission for our story contest on YouTube: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nTpErpHTiBE, Hey guys, we need your help locating the admin for this Anna's page! http://www.facebook.com/pages/Annas-Taqueria/31528472971, A few more story contest entries to share with you guys! Don't forget- you have until the last of the month to enter what you love most for a chance to win an at home burrito party for up to 50 friends! http://www.youtube.com/user/AnnasTaqueria?feature=mhee#p/f/3/OAjQ1xFQwhQ, Excited about the new videos submitted this week for our story contest! You can check them out here: http://www.youtube.com/annastaqueria , It's the last free treat 15 day! Stop by and cool off with some free iced coffee and share your Anna's story. We will be filing during lunch at Porter + Davis Square and our Harvard Street location today for our story contest which continues through the end of the month. The winning story will get an at-home burrito party for up to 50 friends!, Looking forward to hearing your stories! Tomorrow we will be filming during the lunch rush at Porter + Davis Square and the Harvard Street location from 11:30pm - 1:30pm. The contest goes through the end of the month! Check out our web site for more info: http://annastaqueria.com/15.htm, Our Beacon Hill Location: Now serving fresh avocado and Spicy Steak & Salsa Roja, null, Anna's Taqueria We are very excited to be celebrating our 15th anniversary with a story contest going on through June to hear what you love most about Anna's. Story, song, haiku, video, the sky is the limit! The winner will get an at home burrito party for up to 50 friends! Check out our YouTube page http://www.youtube.com/annastaqueria or email entries at myannasstory@annastaqueria.com., Lots of new videos to check out, including a Cubio Burrito-rolling demo! Enter yours for a chance to win a burrito party for 50., Check out the latest addition to our YouTube channel - a great video from the Frisoli Youth Center! Enter yours for a chance to win a burrito party for 50! , Thanks to Dave Baldwin at Thrillist for naming us Boston's best place for a Cinco de Mayo burrito in today's USA Today Life!, Great time at BU Central today and looking forward to the BurritUp on May 12! , Happy Earth Day Boston!, We have the best customers! Thank you all for voting us Best Burrito in Boston Phoenix's Best 2011!, Grub Street thinks you should treat yourself to a free taco in honor of Tax Day (and we couldn't agree more!), Thanks so much @mollygaller for your Pop.Bop.Shop post for our 15th anniversary and story contest! http://tinyurl.com/3c2fhhw, @The Boston Globe profiles our lengua and 15th anniversary in today's food pages!  We appreciate the kind words -- check 'em out! , Thanks @boston.com for this awesome article on our 15th anniversary! Check out the interview with proud Anna's papa, Mike Kamio., We're up for Boston Phoenix's Best Burrito! Vote online for your fave thru early April http://thephoenix.com/thebest/boston/vote/burritos/, If you haven't already, check out RICE N BEATS' "My Anna's Story" contest entry. Maybe you'll get inspired to enter your own! , Boston Herald's Burrito Boy wraps up his quest to find Boston's best burrito. He named us "Fastest Rollers" and "Cheapest Good Burrito" - thanks, Josh! And congrats to Olecito for taking top honors!, Let the games begin..., Check us out on WCVB Channel 5 Boston's Chronicle last night with Jonah Feld of http://www.burritoblog.com/ Thanks for your support, Jonah! , The Boston A-List named us Best Burrito! Thanks for all of your amazing support!, Check out our new YouTube channel and make a video of your own - you could win burritos for 50! Send the link to myannasstory@annastaqueria.com., Have some free time this xmas? Make a YouTube video for our 15th anniversary story contest for the chance to win a burrito party for 50! Check out our channel for inspiration and our site for the deets., Last chance to vote for the Boston A-List Awards (and win $500!).  Thanks again for all of your support!, The Globe Magazine just named the best new restaurants of 2010.  Congrats to all!, Happy 15th!  Time to celebrate with a free taco at any of our 6 locations., The 5 people who vote for the most The Boston A-List winners receive cash prizes! ($500 for 1st place and $100 each for runners-up) Voting ends Dec. 22. Thanks for your support!, Awesome 15th anniversary shout-out on My Secret Boston!  Remember, bday treats next Wednesday, Dec. 15. Stay tuned to hear what it is this month!, Our very own "Spoon Ninjas" made their editorial debut in Burrito Boy's Herald article this morning. Stay tuned for the 'rito-rolling race video!, Vote early and often for Anna's as Best Burrito in Boston on the CityVoter A List - voting ends Dec. 22. Thanks for your support!, Remember to send in stories, videos, poems, etc. about your fave Anna's memories  to myannasstory@annastaqueria.com for a chance to win a burrito party for 50!, Check out our new Facebook album for a behind-the-scenes look at Burrito Boy's latest video shoot at our Harvard Street location!, null, A great write-up about our 15th anniversary on The Economical Eater. Free treats and a story contest through July 2011.  Thanks again for your support!, More playful, out-of-the-box 'rito recipes & haikus from Burrito Boy readers. Love the creativity!, Food tells a story, and we want to know yours. Send in your favorite memories of Anna's for a chance to win a burrito party for 50. Happy Tgiving!, The Herald's Burrito Boy wants your 'rito recipes, haikus, songs, etc. in exchange for a tee from his new Re-fried Apparel line., Jonathan Waxman from NYC's Barbuto would make Cranberry-Turkey Tacos (Yum!). What would you do w/ your Thanksgiving leftovers?, On our x-mas list: Burrito Boy's 'rito-centric clothing line, Re-fried Apparel. Best of all, the tees are free by sending in a personalized burrito recipe., Tell your friends (and your friends' friends) to "like" us on Facebook! We like YOU!, The Arlington Burritos & our head honcho, Mike Kamio, chat with Boston.com about the team sponsorship. Go Burritos!, In his latest video, the Herald's Burrito Boy gives us props for our lightening-fast 'rito rolling skills. Thanks, Josh!, Though the Phoenix says stinkbugs taste similar to cilantro (and are a more sustainable protein, to boot), we don't think they'll be a common ingredient any time soon., Baorrito opens in NYC and offers diners a mashup of Asian/Mexican cuisine.  Check out some early opinions on the trend..., Great AOL Travel article on visiting Boston on a budget, featuring yours truly! Get even more bang for your buck with free treats on the 15th of every month., Thanks to all who have helped us celebrate our 15th anniversary today!  The free specialty beverages are still flowing, so stop in tonight. Also, be sure to share your favorite Anna's memory for a chance to win an at-home burrito party for 50!  Thanks again for your support., Celebrate our 15th Anniversary! On the 15th of every month, we're giving away something special to our loyal customers. Today, come in for a FREE MEXICAN SPECIALTY DRINK!, Free food 15th!  Come see us tomorrow for a treat on the house!, Check out what one of our customers has to say about The Boston Globe's roundup of Boston's most influential restaurants. We appreciate your kind words!, Happy Friday, burrito-lovers! Remember to pop by and see us on Monday for some free treats in honor of our 15th anniversary. Can't wait to celebrate with you!, The Boston A-List is looking for the best our great city has to offer and we're in the running for Best Burrito! Voting is open now through Dec. 22. Thanks for your support!, NECN announced New England's Best Burrito this morning and we took 2nd! Thanks to all for voting and for your continued love. We have the best customers! Congrats to Bueno y Sano!, We're repping Mexican food on The Boston Globe's list of Boston's 10 most influential restaurants.  Thanks for this incredible honor!  We wouldn't be here without your love and support., NECN announces New England's best burrito tomorrow at 8am.  Thanks again for your support!, Thanks for all of your votes for NECN's Best of New England Awards!  Voting ends tomorrow at 9am, so keep 'em coming.  We appreciate the love!, Morning everyone! We need your help spreading some Anna's Love....You have until Wednesday at 9am to vote Anna's as Best Burrito for NECN's Best of New England Awards! http://www.necn.com/pages/baby_youre_the_best, Not a fan of cilantro on your burrito? Scientists say it might be genetic..., Celebrate our 15th Anniversary! On the 15th of every month, we're giving away something special to our loyal customers. Today, come in for FREE CHIPS & SALSA!, San Fran's Mission District gets a thumbs up in today's Boston Globe. Did you know that the burrito is not traditionally Mexican, but actually was invented in California?, Honk Festival this weekend in Davis Sq, Oct 8-10, Today at our Harvard St location, we are test-driving whole wheat tortillas. Give them a try and let us know what you think..., We're trying out whole wheat tortillas at our Harvard St. location starting Monday. Let us know what you think., Say hello to @BostonTweet, our @foursquare mayor featured in @BostonPhoenix, Tell your friends (and your friends' friends) to "like" us on Facebook! We like YOU!, Did you know you can buy Anna's hoodies, t-shirts and gift cards online? Show your Anna's pride!, Delivered a burrito lunch to @marlomarketing today -- hope everyone enjoyed!, @BostonTweet Have you had your Anna's today?, We use only the freshest vegetables around -- check them out!, Check out our new twitter handle @AnnasBoston!)