List(New guest bartenders added to Townsman 1 Year Jubilee!, Did you miss our fearless leader, Chef Matt, and his "Winter Picnic" on CBS "The Chew" this morning? Well, lucky for you, there's a delicious looking link below!: 
http://www.cbsnews.com/videos/the-dish-new-england-chef-matt-jennings/, BEER SNOBS- Did you guys know we have beer from our friends at Trillium Brewing right now?! Woo-hoo! Come and get it. Pouring now! #townsmantease, null, You're invited to Townsman 1 Year Jubilee, https://instagram.com/p/BBpzk7qTaZq/ 

Happy Thursday! Come in and warm up with us in the best seats in the house. #youCANsitwithus #bestshowoutsidethetheaterdistrict #thirstythursday, We still have some seat's left for Valentine's Day. A perfectly special tasting menu is being offered with amazing wine and yummy cocktails! Call us at the restaurant to find out more 617-993-0750, null, null, null, null, null, If you haven't all ready make sure you check out our instagram lots of great pics and sneak peaks!, You heard us. This Wednesday night. 1/6/15. 
Our first industry night! Let's party like Diamond Dave. We kick off at 10:30pm. How it works: We provide delicious, free grub. You buy drinks and kick it with your homies. Cocktails brought to you by @buffalotrace! Let's enter 2016 in STYLE. Can't wait to have you! Spread the word! #townsmanIN #whiskeywednesday, null, We Thank you for your continued support! Please vote!, Thank you for your support! We are humbled and grateful!

Restaurant of the Year! 
Boston eater ✔
USA Today we're comin for ya!, We've worked so hard this year! VOTE VOTE VOTE!!, Townsman will be closed today, Monday, September 7, in observance of Labor Day. We look forward to seeing you tomorrow!, Townsman has partnered with Reserve and Susan G. Komen Massachusetts™ this summer for the first-ever Rosé for Days!

For 18 days, enjoy complimentary pours of 2014 Petroni Corsican rosé with your meal whenever you book for your party through the Reserve app. If you’re a new user, Reserve will also donate $5 per booking to Susan G. Komen Massachusetts® when you dine. 

Read below for more information, and join us to support the fight against breast cancer beginning Friday, August 14th until Monday, August 31st. 

Blog.reserve.com/rosefordays, We will be closed on Saturday, July 4th, to enjoy fireworks and BBQ with our nearest and dearest! 
Happy Fourth of July! We will see you when we reopen on July 6th!, This is a kangaroo. Kangaroos live in Australia. 

Chef Casey Wall also lives in Australia, but right now he is in Boston, and tomorrow night he will be frying up some of his famous fried chicken here at Townsman. Be here, or get eaten by a dingo., null, Townsman's bar will be closing for a private event at 10:45 this evening. Get here early for your Old Fashioned "On Tap"!, #patiopanda #summerlicious #getpanda, if you're going to be hanging your head in regret tomorrow, let it be because you came to #summerlicious and got #panda on daiqs, not because you didn't! party's in 3 hours!, null, chicken club sausage. come on. #SUMMERLICIOUS, null, totally #tubular. 

https://www.eventbrite.com/e/summerlicious-tickets-17111269267, Straight from the horse's mouth! 

We are OPEN TONIGHT! A little over a day after #pipegate and we are ready to host* you once again!, Hello dear guests - due to unforeseen circumstances, we have had to close for the evening. 
Our phone lines are presently down; for more information, please contact us via email at info@townsmanboston.com
Many thanks in advance for your understanding and support. We look forward to hosting you soon!, OH LAWD! IT'S TIME!
Townsman's Summer kickoff party, SUMMERLICIOUS, will be held on our patio on June 8! There will be a raw bar, a daiquiri stand (aka a daiq shack), tacos and grilled things, rosé, frosty brews, summer jams, and more! 

You. Do not. Want to miss this party. 

Tickets and info available through Eventbrite:
https://eventbrite.com/event/17111269267/, #patio #rose #summerkickoff #rawbar #pigroast #dto #summerlicious #detailscomingsoon, The dining room will be closed this evening for dinner service, but we will be offering a limited menu at the bar, including the Townsman Burger and our Chard Caesar. We look forward to hosting you in the dining room tomorrow!, Are you on Townsman's mailing list? You can get all the most in-depth news and skinny on our fun happenings (like chef dinners and when we're going to open our patio, for instance) by subscribing at www.townsmanboston.com!, There are only a few seats available for our Tuesday night dinner with Chef April Bloomfield! Call 617.993.0750 to secure yours NOW! 

Menu:
CHILLED RHUBARARB CONSOMMÉ 
DILL, BEE POLLEN, FLOWERS 

PICKLED PEA SALAD 
ALMOND CREMA, GRAPEFRUIT 

SWISS CHARD CANNELONI 
SFINCIONE CRUMB, PROVOLA 

ETON MESS 
STRAWBERRIES, MERINGUE, MAPLELINE CREAM, We are thrilled to announce an evening with legendary Chef April Bloomfield, Tuesday, May 12th at Townsman! Collaborating with a shared passion for bright, vibrant and seasonal dishes, Matt and April have teamed up to create a menu inspired by April's new book- A Girl and Her Greens. $115 gets you in. Hope to see you there! Call 617-993-0750 for more information or tickets., happy birthday, chas. we're just as excited as you are., We are so psyched on the weather today and all of the gorgeous days to come! We have some bright, beautiful new Spring dishes on the menu - like this hamachi crudo with beets, green garlic, and rhubarb to celebrate the new season. Enjoy the sunshine and come see us for dinner!, Bunnies are an inexorable sign of Spring... and we are continuing our march toward warmer weather with the addition of Pretty Things' Spring seasonal FLUFFY WHITE RABBITS to our draught lineup! This Somerville-bred hoppy Tripel lives right next to our house Old Fashioned "On Tap," because Townsman is a wonderful place where nice things happen., We are honored to be a part of the New England culinary landscape! 

http://www.foodandwine.com/blogs/2015/3/24/this-chef-is-taking-new-england-cooking-to-the-next-level?xid=blog_20150325_42643456&adbid=580851697859215360&adbpl=tw&adbpr=30278532, Tonight we celebrate our first month! It has been an immeasurable pleasure to host you in this space we love so much, and we can barely wait to share with you all that's to come. 
Join us tonight and raise a glass!, It's (almost) Spring. 
Spring is (absolutely) spritz season.

Ergo, we present to you the Spring Spritz: Cocchi Americano Rosé, verjus, elderflower, and beautiful watermelon radishes from our friends at Sparrow Arc Farms. It looks like a sundress and tastes like brunch on a patio. 

This winter was bogus. Send it off with one sip of this gem!, The team is psyched and ready to rock our first Saturday night service. It's going to be one for the books... Get in here!, With endless gratitude for your patience and excitement for our opening, we are thrilled to finally announce that we are open and taking reservations! 

For information, reservations, and all things Townsman, please visit www.TownsmanBoston.com or call us at 617.993.0750., The team is all ears as Silas walks us through a Bitters Tasting. #soclosewecantasteit, Happy New Year from all of us at Townsman. NOW LET'S GET THIS RESTAURANT OPEN!, WE ARE HIRING! If you are driven, passionate, detail oriented, love people and want to have some fun helping us open one of Boston's most anticipated restaurants, then this team wants to hear from you! Front of House inquiries to: Meredith@townsmanboston.com and Matt@townsmanboston.com for Back of House opportunities. We can't wait to meet you!, Check out @bostonmagazine today, to read a little bit about Townsman and our awesome neighborhood, downtown! www.bostonmagazine.com/restaurants/article/2014/11/25/chef-matt-jennings-townsman/, Woo-hoo! We are on Facebook!, null, null)