List(We're serving up this Boar & Sausage Omelet today!, Thanks to The Huffington Post for the burger feature!, "This roasted cauliflower was ridiculously good." -@lynnlato, An awesome photo by @chrisbhaynes!, New dinner specials!

FRIED OYSTERS: lemon powder, mango coulis, bacon tartar sauce 
 
GRILLED ELK FILET: fennel puree, lemon risotto, grilled tomato, marinated artichoke, View our updated tap list and swing by on your lunch break or after work today!

→ http://thetiptaproom.com/taps, What does Chef Poe cook at home?, Tip Tap will be closed on Easter. Have a wonderful holiday and we'll see you on Monday!, Friday night done right with three new specials!

•Martha's Vineyard Bay Scallop Tempura: white truffle potato / black garlic puree / champagne mango coulis

•Pan Seared Striped Bass: morel mushrooms / baby bok choy / white wine cream (left photo)

•Grilled Venison Loin: bourbon demi / braised swiss chard / purple carrots / ramp smashed purple potato (right photo), Hay Smoked Tomato Soup: smoked maple cheddar croquette, confit cherry tomato, and basil crema.

A great lunch choice!, It's *almost* Friday...

(photo by @ericrenebrown), Our Glazed Broccolini small plate makes for a great snack, app, or side!

Served with baby corn, crispy shallots, and chili garlic dressing., Tonight's special Grilled Venison Filet sure looks like spring!

Swiss chard & pea puree, spring onion, parsley root, and sweet potato., This afternoon at Tip Tap! 🐱 🐠, What's your favorite appetizer at Tip Tap? @emgrayy88 likes our Baked Brie., We have three menu additions tonight!

*SALMON CRUDO: cucumber carpaccio, meyer lemon, green apple gel, breakfast radish

 *TEMPURA SCALLOPS: truffle potato, candy cane beets, black garlic garlic 

 *BACON WRAPPED ANTELOPE FILET MIGNON: wild boar bacon risotto, sweet pea & onion salsa, cabernet lemongrass reduction, Follow Chef Poe around town with this awesome Well Done Boston feature!, "The threesome of 'Double Date with St. Patrick and Brian Poe' specials concludes at this inventive tavern on the backside of Beacon Hill, offering tonight corned duck with corned beef and cabbage gnocchi, malted cabbage dust and a whiskey glaze." - Zagat, Thanks Beacon Hill Patch for the #StPatricksDay coverage!, Bison Ribeye tonight! Served with baby carrots, cauliflower, lentils, and mushroom demi., This week is an IPA week! 

Yeah, St. Patty's is Thursday, but we're focusing on some super select, small batch, fresh IPAs instead of stouts. Nick has gotten some very special hopped up beers that will be tapped throughout the week, including some from Wicked Weed Brewing, Proclamation Ale Company, Singlecut Beersmiths, and more., Tip Tap will be closed tomorrow, March 14, for a staff holiday party. We'll be back on Tuesday!, You're eating this tonight at Tip Tap., What do you snack on at the bar?

(photo by @marissasbeer), "Chef Brian Poe must be a night owl. His Tip Tap Room, found on the backside of Beacon Hill, offers offers late diners its full menu until 1:30 AM, including Poe's creative meat tips — just in case you felt like some wild game like elk or antelope before hitting the hay."

Thanks, Zagat!, The entire brewing crew from Castle Island Brewing Co. tonight!, Tonight: come have a cold one with the crew that mills, mashes, hops, pitches, and packages every can and keg of Castle Island Brewing Co. beer., We're ready for dinner with a new special!, "A beautiful Lobster Bisque." -@mesue84, Brunch done right. Served right here, Saturday & Sunday from 10:30am to 3pm!

(photo by @unconventional_eggs), In case you missed our recent feature on NESN's Dining Playbook:, Announcing our St. Patrick's Day special: Corned Duck served with corned beef and cabbage gnocchi, malted cabbage dust, and a whiskey glaze.

We also offer a collection of rare Irish whiskeys sure to please the palate of any reveler!, Bison Short Ribs are on special tonight!, Thanks, Kim!, Good news! The Heretic Brewing Company Boston launch party has been rescheduled for this Friday, March 4!, "A lil' Tuesday night steak never hurt anybody." -@jillian_saftel, Please note: due to unseen circumstances with the delivery of beer, tomorrow's Heretic Brewing event has unfortunately been cancelled., Happy #LeapDay! We're plating Bacon-Wrapped Rabbit Loin with yuzu apples, garlic, and pistachio crumble., It's not too late to swing by for brunch! Served until 3pm.

(photo by @kdudz), Tonight's dinner specials go on at 5:30pm!, Happy #NationalClamChowderDay!

Chef Poe is serving up a spicy take on the New England classic with Jalapeño Clam Chowder. His recipe includes steamed littlenecks, fried clams, and wild boar bacon thyme salsa. #WOW., @jasonalstrom stopped by for his first beer of the day: Aeronaut Brewing Orangutan Skies IPA!, Thanks to The Passionate Foodie for featuring our Leap Day special!, Renovations are done and we're back in business!

Stop by for dinner and try our Shrimp & Couscous entree with heirloom tomato, feta, red onion, mint, and fried basil., Where to head before, during & after the game? Here! Thanks for the shout out, NESN Dining Playbook., ... and we're back open from renovations at 5pm today. We missed you!, "I had a really good breakfast cocktail recently. It had cold espresso, sugar, and Fernet Branca." 

-Nick Giannotti, bar manager, What are Chef Poe's brunch recommendations? Find out in this Eater Boston #BreakfastWeek list!, We will be featured on NESN's Dining Playbook tomorrow morning! Tune in at 9am.

It’ll also repeat at the following times: 2/21 @ 9pm, 2/25 @11:30pm, 2/26 @ 5pm!, Plan ahead for Leap Day! We'll be plating Bacon-Wrapped Rabbit Loin with yuzu apples, garlic, and pistachio crumble., While we repaint and renovate this week, the crew from Tip Tap joins the Wilcox Group to make beer at Castle Island Brewing Co.!, Find out Chef Poe's favorite way to prepare an egg in this Eater Boston #BreakfastWeek feature!, Reminder: we'll be closed February 15-21 for a week of spring cleaning!, "The Love Game" specials are on through tomorrow!, Thanks WGBH's Craving Boston for the Valentine's Day coverage!, The Modern Lover: vodka, St. Germain, lemon, Peychaud's.

(photo by @iamahoneybee), This Catfish Sandwich with Cajun aioli is also on tonight! Come try it while it lasts., Per request of some kind neighbors, Clam Chowder will be on special tonight!, Get it?, It's great to see our Butcher & Kitchen Manager Uriel on this list with Lydia Shire!, We're taking Valentine's Day Weekend reservations! Please call (857) 350-3344.

For the occasion, Chef Poe is bringing “The Love Game” to Tip Tap! For three nights, he will serve up a wild game-laced menu that features a series of bold, flavorful dishes designed to tame one’s animalistic desires., A heads up we'll be closed next week for some spring cleaning!, We're looking at this New York Strip for dinner.

Served with wild mushroom black rice, broccoli rabe, and garlic & thyme bordelaise!, #BurritoBowlV at Poe's Kitchen at the Rattlesnake today!, Oh no, our phones are down!

If you need to reach us, please email jerry@thetiptaproom.com, EBF night #2! Nick's pretty excited about this menu., Emmett will be participating in tomorrow's #BurritoBowlV at Poe's Kitchen at the Rattlesnake!

→Get your tickets: http://bit.ly/BurritoBowlV_tix, Join us tonight with Port Brewing Company, Lost Abbey, & Wicked Weed Brewing. All the owners will be here!, Let's do this!, See you soon!, Our EBF Week festivities begin tonight with Craft Collective!, How about some Lobster Bisque with corn, potatoes, and ginger on this rainy evening? 

(photo by @emgrayy88), Our #EBF Week events are coming up!, Windows are open!, We're now taking reservations for Valentine's Day!, Thanks Boston Magazine for highlighting our #EBF week events!, Just in time for Friday night dinner!, Announcing our Valentine's Day Weekend specials! Please call for reservations., @_fitboy captured and enjoyed the ultimate burger., Our Whole Roasted Fish dinner entree is served with tamarind-apricot chutney, petite potatoes, and masala!, Thanks Virgin Atlantic for recommending drinks at Tip Tap!, Chef Poe be hosting #BurritoBowlV at Poe's Kitchen at the Rattlesnake on February 6, with a chef lineup including Tip Tap's Emmett Ledbetter!, Friday night done right with new dinner specials!, Things are getting busy in the kitchen as we prep for dinner! In the meantime, here is tonight's updated tap list: http://bit.ly/1IB8Xm4

Nick says everything from Singlecut Beersmiths is awesome, along with Proclamation Ale Company Derivative: Citra. Pat is into Singlecut Billy Full Stack and Ballast Point Brewing & Spirits Peppermint Victory At Sea!, Nick says everything's good to go!, All ready for tonight's event with Singlecut Beersmiths! Check out our dinner specials:, We're hosting a Singlecut Beersmiths tap takeover with the owner tonight!

BEERS:
✔Heavy Boots of Lead Imperial Stout 
✔Billy Full Stack Double IPA
✔Billy Half-Stack IPA 
✔Bon TNT Pale Ale
✔Dean Pacific Northwest Mahogany Ale
✔Rum Barrel Aged Eric Stout, We love our side of town!

(photo by @abauter), Deciding on dinner? This Shrimp & Couscous entree is served with heirloom tomato, feta, red onion, mint, and fried basil., Don't forget: we're hosting a Singlecut Beersmiths Tap Takeover this Thursday!, Our own Emmett Ledbetter will be representing Tip Tap at #BurritoBowlV on February 6!

Grab tickets now: http://bit.ly/BurritoBowlV_tix, We're cooking up some 5 spice & soy braised Beef Steam Buns tonight!, Another busy Friday night at Tip Tap!, Nothing beats a *hot* Irish Coffee on a cold day..., Broiled Salmon is another of our current dinner entrees.

Served with sweet potato puree, shaved fennel, pancetta, and farro!, Introducing our newest cocktail: the Ridgeway Fizz!

Made with Pimm's, grapefruit vodka, lemon, winter spice, and soda., End your weekend with a nice dinner out. We suggest this New York Strip with wild mushroom black rice, broccoli rabe, and garlic & thyme bordelaise!, null, null, We take brunch seriously. Join us every Saturday and Sunday from 10:30am to 3pm!

(photo by @emgrayy88), Tonight's specials hot off the press!, Time for dinner!

Our Whole Roasted Fish is served with tamarind-apricot chutney, petite potatoes, and masala., Pat never gets "boared" with the board...

We have a Blackened Wild Boar Burger with maple cured bacon & blue cheese aioli for lunch today!, Oysters are always a good idea. Our chef's pick half dozen is served with Angelica mignonette, cocktail sauce, and lemon!

(Photo by @teamtamcam), Thanks, Kim!, "The three vest friends." -@pcrebels30, Kick off 2016 with a Chicken Tikka Sandwich!, Join us tonight for a festive night of cooking! And good drinks, of course.

Plus, no cover charge!, Everyone's here for our Aeronaut Brewing Company takeover with Craft Collective!, Tap list for tonight's Aeronaut Brewing Company takeover!, TONIGHT: we're celebrating the Aeronaut Brewing Company Boston launch with a tap takeover!

The founders will be here to share the good news of draft lines and unveil favorites & some rare surpises. Plus, T Shirt giveaway and tastings with the team. 

More info: http://on.fb.me/1RNVEZ9, Thanks Boston Magazine for featuring our Rosemary-Yuzu Limeade!, Pat takes chalkboard art seriously., null, Because Camel Pot Pie is perfect for today's weather..., Late riser? No worries ― we serve brunch until 3pm!

@hmorrow336 enjoyed Smoked Cheddar & Corn Griddle Cakes with corn butter, bacon maple syrup, pomegranate, and fried eggs., Merry Christmas from Tip Tap!

Come on by for some Yak & Cheese before we close at 5pm., We're open tomorrow (Christmas Eve) until 5pm!, Fish tacos on special at Tip Tap Room today!, Take a seat in the Mayor's Corner!

(photo by @sclmnt), Dinner time!, Brunch is served until 3pm today! A plate of Steak Tips & Eggs Benedict sure sounds good right about now.

Take a look at the other choices on our menu: http://bit.ly/1CabmaQ, Tonight at Tip Tap: 

•Grilled Bison Strip Loin topped with watermelon radish, celery leaf, and celery root slaw.

•Grilled Flat Iron Steak with sherry roasted chanterelles and shallot smashed potatoes., Hop on over and call this week a wrap..., Switch things up a bit and try our Chicken Tips with citrus, yuzu & herb, jasmine rice, and cucumber corn slaw for dinner!, Our Grilled Corn with Korean pepper aioli, ricotta salata, and lime makes a great appetizer, snack, or side with your meal!

(Photo by @kwamexone), Guess who stopped by after his appearance at Kiss 108 Radio's Jingle Ball on Thursday?, As the weekend comes to an end, a refreshing Rosemary-Yuzu Limeade with rosemary, lime, and Japanese yuzu sounds wonderful., Pheasant Confit with black truffle, celeriac purée, and oyster mushrooms goes great with this windows-open winter evening!

We're also serving charted carrots with tzatziki & pistachio crumble as a side. Happy Friday!, We have a Fried Shrimp Sandwich with pickled cauliflower, coriander aioli, and shaved radish on special this afternoon!, #WOW! We had a great time at this wonderful fundraiser over at Poe's Kitchen at the Rattlesnake!, Thanks, Alice!, New dinner special: Braised Wild Boar Gnocchi with cauliflower baby brussels & Parmesan!, Instead of steak, give our savory Lamb Tips a try tonight! 

Served with mint & shallot, goat cheese potatoes, tzatziki, and minted lamb glace., New on the lunch menu: Cedar Wood Smoked Grilled Cheese with maple Rosemary butter, Brie cheese, and apricot mint jelly., Brunch favorites ― like the Tip Tap Breakfast with eggs, smoked bacon, pork sausage, and home fried potatoes ― are served until 3pm today!

Take a look at the other choices on our menu: http://bit.ly/1CabmaQ, We have Sage Marinated Grilled Venison Tacos with jalapeño, brussels & chorizo slaw, and sriracha powder on tonight!, Brunch is served until 3pm today! 

Whether you want something light before yoga or a larger egg or griddle dish, we have you covered., #TGIF!

Stop by after work and sip our Back On The Train cocktail: gin, cocchi rossa, grapefruit, and peychaud's., Last night's Rattlin' Around the Christmas Tree fundraiser at Poe's Kitchen at the Rattlesnake was a blast!

View the photo album here: http://on.fb.me/1OKek8o, The entire crew from Citizen Cider is here pouring their brew!, Deciding on a small plate? Try our Brussels Sprouts with spaghetti squash!, Chef Poe will be at Poe's Kitchen at the Rattlesnake tomorrow night preparing a Southwestern tasting for the 6th annual Globe Santa fundraiser!, Tips for dinner! 🍴, And now 'til 3pm, we brunch. 

(Photo by @hmorrow336), We understand if you'd like to go light today.

@sassyjayee chose our Grilled Caesar Salad with green garlic Caesar dressing, soft poached egg, smoked cod, and shaved croutons., Happy Thanksgiving from all of us at Tip Tap!

We will be closed tomorrow for the holiday, and hope you have a wonderful meal with friends and family!, ICYMI: we have *three* new desserts!

Banana Cream Pie, Lemon Cheesecake, and Apple Streusel., Brunch cocktails!

Tip Tap Bloody Mary with spicy pickles, and the 2:15 AM with vodka, pamplemousse liqueur, grapefruit, lemon, and soda., David Dolginow, owner of Shacksbury cidery, conducting premeal!, More coverage of our Irish Coffee via Boston Event Guide! Come try it after work., The Shacksbury takeover is TONIGHT!, Thanks Eater Boston for featuring our Irish Coffee! (Irish whiskey, coffee, and whipped cream.), Stoneface IPA now available on tap., Tomorrow, we'll be pouring from a keg of Shacksbury's newest release, Lost and Found! (Made with foraged apples, wild fermented and bottle conditioned.), Chicken & Toast and Venison Loin are on special tonight!, Happy birthday (tomorrow), Jerry!, Shacksbury is taking over Tip Tap this Thursday!

Come discover craft cider with Shacksbury co-founder David Dolginow. We'll be pouring from a keg of the very special "Lost and Found"!, Stone Brewing Co./4 Hands Brewing Company/Bale Breaker Brewing Company Sorry Not Sorry is now on tap!, To Paris...

... where good food began. Prayers for France., Shacksbury is taking over Tip Tap this Thursday!

Come discover craft cider with Shacksbury co-founder David Dolginow. We'll be pouring from a keg of the very special "Lost and Found"!

RSVP & info: http://on.fb.me/1H3auHR, We have two new desserts!

Enjoy some Lemon Cheesecake or Apple Streusel after your meal., null, Making brunch plans this weekend?

"We love executive chef Brian Poe’s sophisticated, sweet-or-savory selections at The Tip Tap Room in Beacon Hill. Try the red flannel hash with sunny-side-up farm egg dolloped with black garlic sauce or his decadent pound cake French toast." - Boston Herald, Get out of the gloomy weather and take a seat at the bar! 

@gjutkiewicz and friends chose Sloe Rider and Barrel Aged cocktails., Meet Nicole. You can usually find her having fun and making drinks behind the bar!, "... bite for bite, the Tip Tap Room took the crown, with perfectly charred, tender beef accented by zingy horseradish potatoes, sliced cherry peppers, and bordelaise." - Boston Magazine

Read the feature here: http://bit.ly/1RQCcH2, What's Chef Poe's favorite meal in Boston?, We serve brunch Saturdays and Sundays from 10:30am to 3pm!

Go for the Tip Tap breakfast with eggs. smoked bacon, pork sausage, and home fried potatoes, or try one of the other dishes on our menu: http://bit.ly/1CabmaQ, Time for some after-work Oysters to kick off the weekend!

(Photo by @teamtamcam), A thick, juicy burger is always a good idea!

1) Choose from steak, lamb, turkey, Italian sausage, or veggie. 
2) Add your favorite toppings like sautéed mushrooms, bacon, sautéed onions, Swiss, cheddar, American, and beer cheese sauce., Chef Poe shares his Antelope Meatloaf recipe!, "Great end to our #girlsnight dinner at Tip Tap Room!" -@cbirsky, We have a few seats open by the window! Ideal for people watching and a slight fall breeze., Tonight's crew!, Staying festive!, Tip Tap has been taken over by pirates!, Begin your weekend festivities tonight at Tip Tap! Now on special:

GRILLED AVOCADO
lobster in black pepper lavender crème fraîche
eva’s greens 

WAGYU BEEF TRI-TIP (photo)
okinawian sweet potato puree / royal mushrooms
buttered leeks / maple clove bordelaise 

CONFIT DUCK RILLETTES (photo)
celery root puree / pomegranate merlot reduction
pea tendrils / compressed seckel pear 

ELK TENDERLOIN CARPACCIO
deviled egg yolk / fried caper 
black lava salt / toast points, Introducing a *NEW* dessert: Banana Cream Pie with maple sugar bananas, white chocolate, Nilla Wafers, and caramel!, It's a busy evening here at Tip Tap! We have two new dinner specials:

•Grilled Avocado: lobster in black pepper lavender crème fraîche, Eva's greens.

•Venison: Denver leg, apple cider champagne vinaigrette, blue cheese, cinnamon-cashew dust, macomber turnip puree.

🍻 View our tap list here: http://bit.ly/1IB8Xm4, It's #NationalChocolateDay, and our Blackberry White Chocolate Bread Pudding with brioche, caramel, and cinnamon whipped cream will surely suit your craving., Did you know it's #NationalAmericanBeerDay?

Take a look at our current tap list and tell us your favorite! http://bit.ly/1IB8Xm4, "Hello after-work beer (number 2)." -@lauraluvs2cook, Something to cheer your Monday up: Grilled Venison Loin with kale sprouts, sweet potato gnocchi, pancetta, and maitake. On special!, Thinking about brunch today or tomorrow?

Take a look at our menu ― we'd love to see you! http://bit.ly/1CabmaQ, We have some new dinner specials tonight to kick off your weekend!

•Cured Beef Tenderloin & King Crab: pistachio puree, avocado, lime

•Olive Oil Poached Monk Cheeks: butternut squash puree, black garlic, endive, yuzu

•Grilled Venison Loin: skillet roasted ratatouille, broccolini, pistachio, Happy Thursday! Where are you headed after work?

We'll be here :), One of our current bottles: Relic Brewing Co Huntress!

View full bottle and tap list here: http://bit.ly/1IB8Xm4, Our Grilled Caesar with green garlic Caesar dressing, soft poached egg, smoked cod, and shaved croutons is not your average salad.

(Thanks @hannahkcampbell for the photo!), Nick fills everyone in on his favorite cocktail to make!

"A really nice Manhattan. Or anything with whiskey that doesn’t have to be muddled.", It's Sunday and we're brunching! Join us until 3pm., Eater's Cocktail Week continues!

Take a look at this one for our bar manager's go-to drink:, This is tonight's tap list!

You may view a complete list of taps, bottles, and cans here: http://bit.ly/1IB8Xm4, "Odd syrups can add some really nice layers to cocktails. Recently our chef had candy cap mushrooms, which essentially taste like an earthy maple syrup when reduced. It made for an awesome ingredient to work with." -Nick, When it comes to overrated cocktail ingredients, our Bar Manager, Nick, says he would rather just drink a beer🍺, With licorice glacé, preserved lemon yogurt, and shishito peppers, our Fried Calamari puts a twist on your favorite appetizer. 

(Photo by @whatallieeats), Strolling through the area on this wonderful Monday? 

Stop by for a drink break! View our current taps: http://bit.ly/1IB8Xm4, ICYMI: we now serve brunch on Saturday *and* Sunday!

Stop by for a Prosciutto Di Parma Plate, some Lobster Scrambled Eggs, Strawberry French Toast, and more., Complete tonight's dinner with our Blackberry White Chocolate Bread Pudding! 

Brioche, caramel, and cinnamon whipped cream. Mmm..., You can never go wrong with Oysters. 

(photo by @teamtamcam), Introducing Nicole's new fall cocktail creation: the Harvest Faire!

Made with rye, Laird's Applejack, Green Mountain Distillers Maple, allspice, vanilla, and Angostura., Think about some Tips? Choose from Steak, Lamb, Turkey, Chicken, Swordfish, or Tufu.

Feeling more like a Burger? We can do Steak, Lamb, Turkey, Veggie, and Italian Sausage.

Take your pick! (Photo by @dotakoll), Looking for a snack or starter? Try our Baked Brie with poached apricots, smoked milk & honey, endive, and lemon thyme.

@yenneyfl enjoyed it with a glass of Sangria!, Roasted Muscovy Duck (photo) with honey crisp apple butter, yellow chive pomme puree, fingerling potato confit, and mustard seed marmalade is back on special! 

A few more of tonight's menu additions:

RAW GEODUCK CLAM & MATSUTAKE SALAD
broken egg & pine vinaigrette
black truffle coulis / garlic chips 
 
BUTTER ROASTED SPANISH TURBOT
braised bitter greens / basil / fennel / lemon pan sauce
heirloom cherry tomato confit   
 
GRILLED ELK MEDALLION
roasted sugar beets / shiitake mushroom  
black garlic / macomber turnip, Time for another Sunday brunch! Thanks @kdudz for the photo., Grab a drink and one of tonight's dinner specials!

•BLUEFIN TORO CRUDO 
soy-yuzu / sorrel / grape leaf 

•RAW GEODUCK CLAM & MATSUTAKE SALAD
broken egg & pine vinaigrette
black truffle coulis / garlic chips 

•SEARED SCITUATE SCALLOPS
miso-squash puree / caramelized acorn squash 
 yuzu / red endive 

•BUTTER ROASTED SPANISH TURBOT
braised bitter greens / basil / fennel / lemon pan sauce
heirloom cherry tomato confit 

•ROASTED MUSCOVY DUCK
honey crisp apple butter / yellow chive pomme puree
fingerling potato confit / mustard seed marmalade 

•GRILLED ELK MEDALLION
roasted sugar beets / shiitake mushroom  
black garlic / macomber turnip 

(photo by @knightmoves19), Mint and Rosemary for drinks!, "The Tip Tap Room is the perfect combination of classic and distinct, and the ambiance is as good as the food. With a gorgeous wooden interior and huge garage door-style windows, it’s an ideal place to while away the last of the warm weather while sipping a Manhattan (or one of 70 beers!) and chowing down on wild boar tips."

Thanks, Thrillist!, "Whiskey Wednesday." -@dheikkila9, We had a wonderful time last night at the second annual Chefs for Clefts fundraiser! Thanks to everyone who came out and enjoyed good food, drinks, and company for a good cause., null, The 2nd annual #ChefsForClefts fundraiser is on! Happy to be supporting such a great cause., We will be closed to the public tonight for our second annual Chefs for Clefts fundraiser! 

10 Boston renowned chefs are donating three-course paired dinners for 10, which will be up for bid during the nights live auction. All proceeds will benefit the MGH Global Surgical Initiative and support Dr. Jay Austen, Jr.’s mission to assist children with facial deformities.

Tickets *will* be available at the door!, The second annual Chefs for Clefts fundraiser is tomorrow!

Join the event page below for more info and tickets:, Happy Sunday! Brunch is served until 3pm.

We suggest trying our Skillet Roasted Duck Eggs with duck confit, spring onion, petit potatoes, and tossed greens!, We're ready for the Chefs for Clefts fundraiser on Monday! Our last chef feature is Andy Husbands of Tremont 647 and The Smoke Shop (coming soon).

Tickets for the event are still available at bit.ly/ChefsForClefts2015!, Alden & Harlow's Michael Scelfo will also be at Chefs for Clefts on Monday!

Join us for good food, drinks, and company for a great cause. Tickets for the fundraiser are still available: bit.ly/ChefsForClefts2015, Shōjō is donating a very special five-course ramen tasting to be auctioned off on Monday at the Chefs for Clefts fundraiser! You can still get tickets to the event for a chance to win it; there will be nine other amazing dinners to win, too!, Another reminder: we're closed tonight for a private event. See you tomorrow!, Reminder: we're closed today for a private event!, Douglas Rodrigues is another among the Chefs for Clefts lineup!

Join him with nine more of Boston's best chefs at the fundraiser on Monday 9/28! Tickets are still available: bit.ly/ChefsForClefts2015, Congratulations Kelly Mesa for finally making it big time!, Chefs for Clefts is only six days away! Today's chef spotlight is Scampo's Lydia Shire.

Learn more about the fundraiser with Colombian-inspired cocktails and food, and grab tickets here: bit.ly/ChefsForClefts2015, Please note: we will be closed this Thursday for a private event, as well as next Monday night (9/28) for our second annual Chefs for Clefts fundraiser!, Get familiar with Mark O'Leary of Shōjō, as he's one of the 10 Boston renowned chefs involved with next Monday's #ChefsForClefts fundraiser!

Learn more about it and get your tickets here: bit.ly/ChefsForClefts2015, Thanks Eat Drink Lucky for featuring Chefs for Clefts!, The second annual Chefs for Clefts fundraiser is a week from tomorrow! We're continuing the countdown with chef spotlights, this time with Taranta's Jose Duarte.

You can find event tickets & info here: bit.ly/ChefsForClefts2015, Our own Chef Brian Poe is getting excited for this year's Chefs for Clefts fundraiser! 

Join him on September 28 for Colombian-inspired cocktails and passed hors d’oeuvres. Tickets & info: bit.ly/ChefsForClefts2015, Next up in the countdown to Chefs for Clefts: Rodney Murillo of Davio's Boston!

Catch him among some of Boston's top chefs at Tip Tap for the fundraiser on September 28! Tickets & info: bit.ly/ChefsForClefts2015, "I hope the future of food includes more and more local farming and locally brewed beers."

See what else Chef Poe has to say about the future of dining in this Eater Boston feature!, Thanks to The Passionate Foodie for covering Chefs for Clefts! Read more about it:, Our next feature is Jason Heard of East Coast Grill! He's one of 10 Boston renowned chefs involved with the Chefs for Clefts fundraiser here at Tip Tap on September 28.

→Tickets & info: bit.ly/ChefsForClefts2015, We're counting down to Chefs for Clefts with a daily spotlight of one of the chefs! First up: Chris Coombs of Boston Chops, dbar, and Deuxave.

The fundraiser will be held on 9/28 at Tip Tap! Tickets & info: bit.ly/ChefsForClefts2015, Work's almost out and there's a seat waiting for you!

We still have Grimm Artisanal Ales from last night's event, plus much more. Take a look at our updated taps: http://bit.ly/1IB8Xm4, We're less than two weeks away from the Chefs for Clefts fundraiser!, We're ready for the Grimm Artisanal Ales Tap Takeover!

(Thanks @MBA_Amanda for posting the list), Tonight's new specials are definitely great boosts to start the week!

•Periwinkles & Toast: everything bagel, white wine, lima beans
•Grilled Antelope Loin: squash puree, radish, cherry tomato, Grimm Artisanal Ales Lambo Door is the winner, and we'll be pouring it TONIGHT at Tip Tap!

We start at 6pm ― more info here: http://on.fb.me/1NHvBjq, Thanks for joining us at Tip Tap!, We're hosting a Grimm Artisanal Ales Tap Takeover tomorrow!, Now on special: Serrano Wrapped Pears with blue cheese coulis, elderflower, and yuzi!, This plate of Lobster Scrambled Eggs (along with many other favorites) is served today until 3pm.

Happy brunching!, Our pre-meals at Tip Tap are fun ― chef Doug showing the waitstaff how to break down a fish!, "Located in Beacon Hill, the Tip Tap Room has a drink for every whiskey lover, whether you prefer straight rye or a 16-year-old scotch."

Thanks, Boston.com!, null, The Chefs for Clefts fundraiser is coming up on September 28 ―  thanks Zagat for the feature!, Our taps have been updated! Which will you have?

(View the full list here: bit.ly/1IB8Xm4), Today's lunch special: Duck Drummettes with quinoa, sweet & spicy chili sauce, and husk cherries!, Chef Poe talks about fall dining trends with Boston Common Magazine!, Get familiar with Grimm Artisanal Ales before the Tap Takeover on 9/14!

Event info: on.fb.me/1NHvBjq, We hope your long weekend is going well! 

If you're around Beacon Hill, join us for brunch and try this Scotch Egg with wild boar, pepper tuille, and red sauce ― on special now!, CBS Local suggests sipping one of our bourbon cocktails with some steak., Thanks BostonChefs.com for the feature!, It's time for dinner!

@emilyyooooooo just enjoyed our White Asparagus Risotto with black summer truffle, burratino, chartreuse, and foraged mushrooms with a glass of Sangria., Thanks Zagat for covering Chefs for Clefts!, Don't forget about our Grimm Artisanal Ales event coming up on September 14!, It's that time... brunch until 3pm! 

Stop by for a Prosciutto Di Parma Plate, a dish of Lobster Scrambled Eggs, some Strawberry French Toast, and more., Squeezing fresh lime juice and preparing tonight's specials!, null, Thanks BizBash for covering Chefs For Clefts!, Chefs for Clefts is coming up on Monday, September 28!

We'll be hosting this fundraising event with 10 renowned Boston chefs, Colombian-inspired cocktails, and passed hors d’oeuvres.

More info & tickets: bit.ly/ChefsForClefts2015, Spend your evening at Tip Tap with a beer and a seat by the window! 🍺

(Photo by @charlestowndrew), We're hosting a Grimm Artisanal Ales tap takeover on September 14 at 6pm!

✔Super Going
✔Tesseract
✔Rainbow Dome
✔Lambo Door
✔Psychokinesis
✔Barrel Aged Double Negative, null, Jalapeños, Mizuna greens, tomatoes, and more! Take a look at Chef Poe's home garden. 

He also grows a dozen different vegetables, 18 lettuces, blueberries, and an apple tree!, Talkin' 'Bout Southern Cookin' was such a great event!, We're serving brunch until 3pm! Try our Skillet Roasted Duck Eggs with duck confit, spring onion, petit potatoes, and tossed greens., "I wouldn't trade a thing for the way I was raised in Georgia because it leads me back to everywhere I go with food. The things I grew up with are why I love to cook." -Chef Poe, null, Virginia Willis and Annie Copps have arrived at the BCAE with Chef Poe and the Dole & Bailey Inc crew!, Chef Poe and the Dole & Bailey Inc crew getting ready for Talkin' 'Bout Southern Cookin'!, Chef Poe is ready to talk 'bout southern cookin'!, Catch Chef Poe and Virginia Willis at the Boston Center for Adult Education tomorrow from 6-8pm! Tickets are still available:, Jim Koch of Samuel Adams is here pouring his own beer!, If you missed our recent Phantom Gourmet feature, it's posted online! bit.ly/1In9ybT, This article will tell you more about next month's Chefs for Clefts fundraiser!, This plate of Lobster Scrambled Eggs, along with many other brunch favorites, are served until 3pm!, Join us for some Friday night drinks! 

View our current tap list: thetiptaproom.com/taps, Save the date! Monday, September 28 is the next Chefs for Clefts event.

We'll be hosting this fundraising event with Colombian-inspired cocktails and passed hors d’oeuvres.

More info & tickets: bit.ly/ChefsForClefts2015, What's your after-work drink of choice?, Do you prefer tips or burgers?

(Photo by @dotakoll), Chef Poe and Virginia Willis are ready to teach you about southern cooking! Join them at the Boston Center for Adult Education on August 20.

Event info & tickets: bit.ly/1KH7U9x, Hungry? We're serving brunch until 3pm!, We have four new menu additions tonight! Which will you try?

•Striped Bass Crudo (photo): avocado, mouse watermelon, onion berries.

•Veal Sweetbreads: mild mushroom & raisin ragu, braised fennel, hazelnuts, porto.

•Whole Roasted Branzino: braised cabbage, dirty rice, pineapple gochujang glaze, spicy cashew crumble.

•Elk Medallion: yu choy, fingerling potato confit, truffle chive butter., Happy #IPAday!, Celebrate #NationalOysterDay with us at Tip Tap!, If you missed us on Phantom Gourmet the other day, the segment is now up online!, Time for a cold one! View our current tap list here: http://bit.ly/1IB8Xm4🍻, Time for brunch! @hmorrow336 enjoyed Smoked Cheddar & Corn Griddle Cakes with corn butter, bacon, pomegranate, and brown butter crisped eggs, Brunch Special: Belgian Waffle with plum compote, mint, and devonshire cream. Served until 3pm!, We have some delicious Fried Oysters on special tonight!, Freshly squeezed lime juice for Mean Eyed Cat Margaritas!, Work's out! What are you drinking tonight?, Enjoy both the A/C and sunlight when dining next to the window!, We'll be featured on Phantom Gourmet again this Sunday, August 2! You can watch on myTV38 at 11AM., "Yes, we visited the legendary NewBridge Café, and, yes, the tips lived up to the hype. But bite for bite, the Tip Tap Room took the crown, with perfectly charred, tender beef accented by zingy horseradish potatoes, sliced cherry peppers, and bordelaise." - Boston Magazine

Read it here: http://bit.ly/1RQCcH2, We have Grilled Bison Ribeye on special tonight! 

With black truffle mashed potato, summer squash, and cherry gastrique., Mike Gerhardt (left) and Sam Hendler are here!, See you tonight for the Joint Custody release party with Otter Creek Brewing!, Chef's desk: black summer truffles., Welcome the weekend with your favorite beer!, Celebrate #NationalTequilaDay with the secret to our Mean Eyed Cat Margarita:, Just a heads up: tomorrow is #NationalTequilaDay! Stop by after work to kick off your weekend with our Mean Eyed Cat Margarita., Chef Poe will be Talkin' 'bout Southern Cookin' with Virginia Willis at the Boston Center for Adult Education on August 20!

Event info & tickets: bit.ly/1KH7U9x, A wonderful lunch, captured by @lindseey_b!, Save the date: we're hosting a Joint Custody release party with Otter Creek Brewing this Saturday!, Brunchin' until 3pm!, We're serving brunch until 3pm! Take a look at our new menu: http://bit.ly/1CHGP4t, TGIF! It's a great night for Steak Tips., Two words: Baked Brie. 

Plated with poached apricots, smoked milk & honey, endive, and lemon thyme., When you're thinking about brunch this weekend, keep our new menu in mind!, Join us and Otter Creek Brewing on Saturday, July 25 at 7pm for a Joint Custody release party! Meet the brewers and take a hit from the new joint offering., "Seafood kinda night." -@myro_ab, Switching it up tonight with Grilled Kangaroo Loin on special!

Served with roasted squash purée, black garlic, salt cod stuffed squash blossom, and watermelon radish., Pigs Head Tacos are now on special!, Join us for brunch from 10:30am-3pm!

Check out the *new* menu: http://bit.ly/1CabmaQ, Look what's cookin'..., It's time for a cold beer on this beautiful evening!, Chef Poe will be Talkin' 'bout Southern Cookin' with Virginia Willisl at the Boston Center for Adult Education on August 20!

Event info & tickets: bit.ly/1KH7U9x, Our Keffir Panna Cotta dessert with fresh strawberries, lemon verbena, whipped rose cream cheese, and malt crisp will cure any case of the Mondays., Serving brunch until 3pm! Check out the new menu: http://bit.ly/1CabmaQ., Happy Fourth! There's still time to brunch with us., We're now serving brunch on Saturdays, too! Check out the *new* menu: http://bit.ly/1CabmaQ.

You have 'til 3pm!, Nothing like a busy Friday at Tip Tap!, 5 o'clock is approaching and the work week is almost over. Stop by for a drink and some eats!

@emgrayy88 chose our Softshell Crab Tempura with grilled asparagus, marcona almond, lemon, and white romesco., Boston Magazine even came equipped for a toast! #BestOfBoston, Enjoy one of tonight's dinner specials at a table by the open windows., Boston Magazine is here! #BestOfBoston, Happy to announce our Steak Tips have won Boston Magazine's #BestOfBoston 2015 (y), Chef Poe will be Talkin' 'bout Southern Cookin' with Virginia Willis at the Boston Center for Adult Education on August 20!

Event info & tickets: bit.ly/1KH7U9x, Stay out of the rain and grab a seat in our Mayor's Corner for some brunch! (Served until 3pm.), We've won Improper Bostonian Magazine's #BostonsBest in Beacon Hill!, We're now serving brunch on Saturdays, too! (10:30am-3pm.) Grab a seat and pick something on the new menu!, Cheers to the weekend with our Spelling Bee cocktail! Made with gin, Pimm's, lemon, and cava.

(Thanks @taykale for the photo!), If you're looking to fill up on a few things, how about some salad and smaller plates? @ka.renyu made a few great choices, especially with our Grilled Corn., null, It's a White Peach Sangria kind of day!, Haute Living New York caught up with Chef Poe to find out what he loves about Boston!, We have a Lamb Meatball Sub on special this afternoon! Stop by for lunch before it's gone, and enjoy with one of today's tap selections., Just tapped Mayflower Brewing Company Daily Ration! (Photo by @marissasbeer), TONIGHT at Tip Tap: get your first taste of Mayflower Brewing Company Daily Ration!, Steak Tips & Eggs Benedict, Smoked Cheddar & Corn Griddle Cakes, French Toast, and more... what is your brunch favorite?, Chef Doug at the Chefs in Shorts event with Tony Caz from Poe's Kitchen at the Rattlesnake!, Can't wait for Chefs in Shorts tonight to benefit Future Chefs!, End your day on a sweet note with our Blackberry White Chocolate Bread Pudding. The weekend is almost here!, Get your first taste of Mayflower Brewing Company Daily Ration here at Tip Tap on Monday!, We'll be at another event this weekend: the Boston Bacon and Beer Festival at Fenway Park! Tickets are going fast., Chef Poe will be grilling for a good cause at this Friday's 18th annual Chefs in Shorts fundraiser!, This Roast Tomato and Burrata with sweet cicely, fried capers, and basil purée/ is on special this afternoon!

Our Wild Boar Burger with blue cheese aioli, Fresno peppers, and habanero pickles is also available., We have some new specials tonight! End the work week right and kick off your weekend with us.

FRIED WILD BOAR STUFFED SQUASH BLOSSOMS
ramp bulbs / Parmesan cheese / smoked Fresno hot sauce 

SALMON BELLY OR COLLAR
lemon balm curry / garlic oil / pea shoots / togarashi 

CONCH CEVICHE
Thai bird chilies / avocado / harissa spiced popcorn, Oysters, drinks, and good company. #TGIF!, Grilled Venison Quinoa Salad with roasted corn, fiddleheads, snap peas, and citrus walnut vinaigrette is on special tonight!, A good burger never disappoints., Tickets are going very quickly for next weekend's Boston Bacon and Beer Festival! Get yours now, then join us for some bacon at Fenway Park., A great photo from the Best Buddies Challenge!, Join us at #TasteOfBoston tomorrow night to support No Kid Hungry!, Tonight's special Seared Foie Gras and Antelope Leg Filet dishes make Monday much better. Enjoy with your favorite beer!, Get your first taste of Mayflower Brewing Company Daily Ration at Tip Tap on June 22!, Looking for the perfect Lobster Roll? Find out Chef Poe's favorite in this Thrillist article!, Enjoy one of tonight's dinner specials at a table by the window!

FLUKE CRUDO
orange vinaigrette / marcona almond / black radish

WATERMELON GAZPACHO
feta / mint / cucumber 

CRISPY MACKEREL
pea shoots / yogurt / mushroom powder 

GRILLED GEORGIA SHRIMP
shaved porcini mushrooms / lemon thyme / parmesan / broken poached egg 

SEARED FOIE GRAS
candy cap mushroom custard / macerated blueberries / asparagus tips 

KNOBBY CONCH “CHOWDER”
black truffle butter / ramps / potato / romaine hearts 

GRILLED ANTELOPE LEG FILET 
spring vegetables / whole leaf chimichurri, Chef Doug got some nice conch in for us to work with this weekend!, The bar is busy and we have some great beers on tap!, Chefs Poe and Doug are excited to be part of the 18th annual Chefs in Shorts event on June 19! #2015CIS, Tickets are now on sale for the 2015 Boston Bacon and Beer Festival! We'll be serving up some bacon., We had a great time at the Best Buddies Challenge on Friday night! #TeamTomBrady, null, Another weekend flew right by! Enjoy what's left of it and start the day with some brunch favorites. (Served until 3pm.), We're ready for tonight's #ACBF closing with Night Shift Brewing!, Did you know 1 in 5 children are hungry? Let's change that.

We're so proud to support No Kid Hungry at #tasteofboston on June 9th, and would love to see you there!, We're closing out #ACBF tonight with Night Shift Brewing!, Chef Poe is cooking for the Best Buddies Challenge with Tom Brady, Guy Fieri, and Emeril Lagasse  tonight!, The beers for D.C. Brewers Night!, Thanks, Metro Boston! (We're featured on page 7.), Join us tonight after #ACBF for an event with two of Washington, DC's finest breweries: 3 Stars Brewing Company & DC Brau Brewing Company!, Idle Hands Craft Ales and Enlightenment Ales are here pouring their beers!, Update: here are some photos of tonight's pre- #ACBF kick off party menu additions with beer pairings!

YELLOWFIN TUNA POKE*
harry’s strawberries / hearts of palm / green almond
hijiki / prawn crackers / 16
ENLIGHTENMENT (MA) Illumination Farmhouse IPA / 6.8%

SMOKED DUCK DRUMMETTES
char siu / wild rapini / togarashi / 14
ENLIGHTENMENT (MA) Hofmann Double Pale Ale / 7%

FOIE GRAS BRATWURST
cuban roll / pickled mustard seeds / peppers / onions / habanero pickles / 18
IDLE HANDS (MA) Adelais German Pils / 5.2%^

GRILLED ELK MEDALLION*
ragu of morels, fava beans, ramps, peas & green garlic / bordelaise / 29
ENLIGHTENMENT (MA) Things Are Beautiful Saison / 5.3%*, Pre- #ACBF kick off party
menu additions with beer pairings:

YELLOWFIN TUNA POKE*
harry’s strawberries / hearts of palm / green almond
hijiki / prawn crackers / 16
ENLIGHTENMENT (MA) Illumination Farmhouse IPA / 6.8%

SMOKED DUCK DRUMMETTES
char siu / wild rapini / togarashi / 14
ENLIGHTENMENT (MA) Hofmann Double Pale Ale / 7%

FOIE GRAS BRATWURST
cuban roll / pickled mustard seeds / peppers / onions / habanero pickles / 18
IDLE HANDS (MA) Adelais German Pils / 5.2%^

GRILLED ELK MEDALLION*
ragu of morels, fava beans, ramps, peas & green garlic / bordelaise / 29
ENLIGHTENMENT (MA) Things Are Beautiful Saison / 5.3%*

(Photo by @hopmiss), See you tonight at our Pre- #ACBF kick off party with Idle Hands Craft Ales & Enlightenment Ales!, We just got a few of these bad boys from Fiddlehead Brewing Company. Come try the juicy Double IPA now!, We have a segment airing on Phantom Gourmet this Saturday at 11am! You can tune in on myTV38., Bar Manager Nick, Chef Doug, and The Tip Tap Room are hosting Chris and Ben from Idle Hands Craft Ales & Enlightenment Ales tomorrow night!

Chef Doug will be serving a suggested menu based on the brews coming from the guys. Visit the page below for the beer list and RSVP!, General tickets go on sale tomorrow morning! We'll be serving up some bacon., Join us this Saturday, May 30th as we close out #ACBF weekend with our friends from Night Shift Brewing!, Chef Doug has been invited to help prepare BBD's- Beers, Burgers & Desserts 10-course Craft Beer Dinner on Wednesday, June 10!, If you haven't tried this weekend's special cocktail, The Calling, today is your last chance!

Made with bourbon, Cappelletti Aperitivo Americano, sweet vermouth, triple sec, and fresh lime., Begin you Memorial Day Weekend with a dinner special tonight at Tip Tap!

CAPE COD SCALLOP CRUDO (photo)
spruce vinegar / cucumber / california cherry / hazelnut yogurt / sweet cicely

ROASTED CORN GAZPACHO (photo)
chilled roast tautog / basil / hominy / caramelized pearl onion 

PAN FRIED BOSTON MACKEREL
charred ramps / asparagus / apple blossom agrodolce / honey comb / black truffle 

GRILLED ELK MEDALLION
braised cabbage / roasted maitake mushroom / red quinoa / mango jam /, null, null, Thanks Boston.com!, Come try our special cocktail, The Calling, during Boston Calling Music Festival this weekend (May 22-24)!

Made with bourbon, Cappelletti Aperitivo Americano, sweet vermouth, triple sec, and fresh lime., Join us for an event with 3 Stars Brewing Company & DC Brau Brewing Company after the American Craft Beer Festival on Friday, May 29!, Headed to Boston Calling Music Festival this weekend? The Boston Globe suggests you stop by Tip Tap!, We just tapped Avery Brewing Company New World Porter and Rising Tide Brewing Company / Bukowski's RIP Series Barfly Brown, among others! 

Step in from the rain and grab a seat at the bar. Which will you be drinking?, New on our spring menu: Steak Au Poivre with sake pure, glazed shallots, green garlic, hay smoked sun chokes, and potato gaufrettes., Happy Sunday! Join us for your brunch favorites... served until 3pm., Samuel Monsour and Richard Chudy are here with Chef Doug! #AmericanBurgerRevival, In honor of the #AmericanBurgerRevival book release, we have this Spicy Chicken Fried Yak Burger with grape Kool-Aid pickles, smoked mozzarella, BBQ chips, and white romesco all on a Martin's potato roll! #MyBurgerIsACenterfold, Welcome to the weekend! Take a look at today's craft beer selection and come by. Which will you be drinking?, Chef Poe's beer dinner with Ithaca Brewing Company will be postponed... stay tuned for updated details!, While you're out enjoying this weather, stop by for one of tonight's specials and a cold beer!

SOFTSHELL CRAB TEMPURA (photo)
grilled asparagus / almond / lemon / white romesco sauce

GRILLED ELK MEDALLION
Harry’s strawberries and goat cheese salad / Eva’s wild greens / lemon-thyme emulsion / peppered honey tuile, We're releasing all the flavors of Jack's Abby Brewing barrel aged Framinghammers TONIGHT at 6pm! 

More info: http://on.fb.me/1bPxNFV, Tomorrow night: we're releasing all the flavors of Jack's Abby Brewing barrel aged Framinghammers! It begins at 6pm., Chef Poe was at Davio's for the Build A Better Burger meeting earlier today!, Cool off on your break or after work with a beer from today's selection!, Join us this Thursday as we release all the flavors of Jack's Abby Brewing barrel aged Framinghammers!, Take Mom on a stroll through Beacon Hill tomorrow... and stop by Tip Tap for brunch! It's not too late to make a reservation., We're still taking Mother's Day brunch reservations!, We're releasing all the flavors of Jack's Abby Brewing barrel aged Framinghammers next Thursday, May 14!, Today's lunch specials make great choices by themselves or combined! A perfect excuse for a quick break from the sun., New cocktail menu for #CincoDeMayo! Which one are you thinking about?, We're celebrating #CincoDeMayo with our Mean Eyed Cat Margarita: Blanco tequila, Thai Chili-infused tequila, triple sec, housemade grenadine, and lime juice. 

Learn to make it here: http://bit.ly/1ciWsUp, Today through May 10, we'll be donating 100% of our White Chocolate Bread Pudding sales to Bakes for Breast Cancer!, Tonight, try our Grilled Venison Salad with strawberry coins, molasses quinoa, lemon thyme coulis, cherry tomatoes, arugula, and orange. On special now!, We're serving brunch until 3pm! Spend your Sunday afternoon with us here in Beacon Hill., When it comes to appetizers, we suggest our new Burrata with Hawaiian hearts of palm, arugula blossoms, rhubarb, and verjus., Our new Green Asparagus Salad is a great choice by itself or alongside an entrée: trumpet royale mushrooms, hot mustard mornay sauce, benton’s country ham, and garnet mustard greens. 

Perhaps you'd like to enjoy it with the new Steak Au Poivre or Atlantic Cod!, We've revamped our Baked Brie appetizer for spring! Plated with poached apricots, smoked milk & honey, endive, and lemon thyme., Yak Meatballs with vindaloo sauce, lime yogurt, and turmeric pickled vegetables are on special this afternoon! Served with garlic toast., When dessert calls, this Caramel Apple with walnut streusel, bee pollen, and vanilla bean ice cream answers., We have a lot of new beers on, plus two great lunch specials:

CREAMY POLENTA & SPRING VEGETABLE RAGU
Black truffle vinaigrette

GRILLED BISON BURGER
Sweet & spicy green tomato / hot mustard / bbq chips, Hope you can work up a dessert appetite... from May 4-10, we'll be donating 100% of our White Chocolate Bread Pudding sales to Bakes for Breast Cancer!, Thinking about dinner?

Atlantic Cod with spring vegetables, candied lemon, black garlic, and almondine crust is another new spring item., Steak Au Poivre is new to our spring menu, and is looking like a perfect choice tonight! 

Served with sake pure, glazed shallots, green garlic, hay smoked sun chokes, and potato gaufrettes., We have Fried Baby Artichokes & our Wild Boar Burger on special this afternoon, along with some great craft beer!, Congrats to all the #BostonMarathon runners, and props to everyone who stuck it out in the rain to watch and cheer them on!

If you're still around town, join us for dinner at Tip Tap and try one of tonight's specials: Fried Baby Artichokes (old bay remoulade, pickled fennel, onion berries) or Gnocchi Alla Vodka (emu, Parmesan gnocchi, Benton's ham, basil).

*Photo via Boston Marathon., We're excited about a few beers we have on! Enjoy with one of tonight's specials:

WHITE ASPARAGUS SOUP
rhubarb gremolata / radish sprouts / maple 

GRILLED SALMON BELLY
togarashi / bok choy

SCALLOP & SQUID CEVICHE
kalamansi lime / nasturtium / almond crumble 

GRILLED VENISON LOIN
spring pea puree / pea shoots / charred onion
heirloom radish / vanilla oil, Chef Poe tells Eater Boston about his first burger memories. #BurgerWeek, Grilled Kangaroo Steamed Buns (soy-yuzu pickles, hoisin jus, orange aioli) and Ceviche of New Bedford Scallops & Squid (macerated strawberries, nasturtium, radish blossoms) are on special this afternoon!, Brian Poe's favorite burger chain?

"Shoney's Restaurants Big Boy in Dalton, GA is the first [burger] I remember falling in love with...", Happy Friday! We're cooking up come Braised Lamb Belly Hash and Grilled Kangaroo Steamed Buns for lunch., We're starting off dinner with a bowl of White Asparagus Soup, followed by a juicy Wild Boar Burger ― both on special!, From May 4-10, we'll be donating 100% of our White Chocolate Bread Pudding sales to Bakes for Breast Cancer!

More info from Boston Event Guide: http://bit.ly/1FY6Gmw, Ah, a Wild Boar Burger for lunch at a seat by the open windows. How does that sound?, Hope you're enjoying this lovely Wednesday afternoon! If you're getting hungry, take a look at today's lunch specials:

WHITE ASPARAGUS SOUP
macerated blackberries / artichokes a la plancha / green garlic 

WILD BOAR BURGER
polenta cake / truffled shiitake / fontina, What makes a burger fail?

"Dry, grey, cheap, cardboard, $1-a-pound stuff that looks like a TV dinner/Salisbury steak stuff." -Chef Poe, See what Chef Poe has to say about the perfect burger in this Eater Boston Burger Week feature!, It's another beautiful day in Beacon Hill! Work up an appetite for one of tonight's specials while you're passing through:

ATLANTIC TACOS
cod, shrimp & razor clams / pomegranate-avocado salsa / radicchio / crispy wonton

GRILLED KANGAROO
mustard demi / honey-thyme carrots / potato & ramp puree, White Polenta (butter poached georgia shrimp & peas, harissa, buckwheat sprouts) & "Biscuits" and Gravy (Yak, Benton's bacon, grilled sourdough) are on special this afternoon!, Cheers to spring weather (finally)! Come by and grab a seat by the big window for one of our latest drafts., It's a bit chilly out there! Come warm up with one of tonight's specials., Phantom Gourmet is here interviewing Chef Poe!, Haven't decided on dinner yet? We're catering to the tastes of both seafood and meat tonight with three new specials!

GRILLED FISH CRISPS: crispy wonton / lime juice /avocado / mint 

SALMON BELLY: soy sesame marinade / togarashi / bok choy 

RACK OF WILD BOAR: spiced yogurt / braised hearts of palm / endive / lion's mane mushroom, Get through this gloomy evening on a sweet note! We suggest our Blackberry White Chocolate Bread Pudding with brioche, caramel, and cinnamon whipped cream., ... and of course you need some food with that beer! Take a look at what we have on special tonight., Bobby, Nate, and Jack are waiting for you to come celebrate #NationalBeerDay!

Their top three choices tonight? Otter Creek Brewing Over Easy IPA, Paulaner Hefe-Weissbier, and Weihenstephaner Pilsner., Lamb Belly Ragu (photo) with artichokes, lemon gnocchi, bacon, black olive, and almond is on special tonight!

We're also cooking up Wild Boar Chile Rellenos with roasted poblano, smoked cheddar, crispy wonton, and spicy crema. Which will you choose?, Tonight's specials include a few of your favorites and a few new ones! 

CREAMY HOMINY GRITS (photo)
smoked cheddar / spring vegetables / onion seed crisp 

HEARTS OF PALM SALAD
spanish octopus / orange / black truffle / eva’s wild greens 

 SMOKED SALMON TARTARE
white soy monte / hearts of palm / black tobiko / radish purple 

LAMB BELLY RAGU
artichokes / lemon gnocchi / bacon / black olive / almond 

BBQ SKATE WING
sour green tomato / sunchoke hash / summer squash / roast tomato 

 GRILLED VENISON LOIN
caramelized wild rice / spiced yogurt / lion’s mane mushroom / pine milk jam, Wishing everyone a wonderful Easter ― we still have room for some Sunday brunch reservations!, It's beautiful around here today! We hope you're out enjoying the weather ― if you get hungry, we have three lunch choices for you to try this afternoon:

HEARTS OF PALM SALAD
Truffle vinaigrette / mandarin chips / orange segments

CRISPY FISH SANDWICH
Spicy remoulade / potato roll / crispy fried cod

ELK BOMB
Pickled cubanelle peppers / elk sirloin / fontina mornay, Friday night at Tip Tap brings a bunch of new dinner specials!

CHARRED SPANISH OCTOPUS (photo)
en barigoule / duck fat potato / lovage / pepper greens

HEARTS OF PALM SALAD (photo)
orange segments / goat’s milk gouda / eva’s wild greens / black truffle vinaigrette 

FRIED BABY ARTICHOKES
smoked lamb belly ragu / bacon marmalade / black olive / almond 

SEARED ATLANTIC COD
potato puree / pea greens / caramelized mushrooms / buddha’s hand

 GRILLED VENISON LOIN
caramelized wild rice / spiced yogurt / lion’s mane mushroom / pine milk jam, Despite the clouds, it's pretty nice outside! Head out for a walk during your break and stop by for one of this afternoon's specials:

ELK BOMB
pickled cubanelle peppers / elk sirloin / fontina mornay 

SALMON CRUDO
avocado puree / marcona almonds / green apple 

HEARTS OF PALM SALAD
mugolio vinaigrette / eva’s greens / orange segments, Our Yak Burger and Fish Tacos are on special tonight. Stop by for some dinner while you're out enjoying this weather — we have some great window seats!, Spend Easter Sunday in the heart of Boston and brunch with us here at Tip Tap. We're still taking reservations!, Take a stroll through Beacon Hill on your lunch break and stop in for some eats!

Fish Tacos (lime, slaw, aji amarillo) and our Yak Burger (kimchi, green tomato, roasted maitake mushroom) are on special this afternoon., Famous chef Billy Tse (of Billy Tse's) is here at Tip Tap. Love this guy!, With so many craft beers on tap, sometimes it's hard to make a decision.

@Trins26 just checked in on Untappd to let us know she chose (and enjoyed) White Birch Brewing Raspberry Berliner Weiss., Come lunch on some Braised Lamb Belly while it's on this afternoon! Enjoy with one of today's tap selections., Easter is less than a week away and we'll be putting on some great brunch specials... make your reservation with us today!, Thanks Thrillist!, Make room this afternoon for a Wild Boar Burger with maitake mushroom, pickled cucumber & sunchoke, and togarashi.

Switch from the regular burger this time while it's on special!, We've added two specials to today's brunch menu:

Duck Breast Reuben with corned duck breast and Russian dressing on an everything bagel, & Fish Tacos with grilled fish, persimmon pico, and seared limes.

Take a seat by a window and enjoy the sunshine!, Our favorite thing about Sunday? Ending the weekend with a well-deserved brunch.

Join us until 3pm!, Now's your chance to try some of that Suckling Pig (top) and Wild Striped Bass Crudo (bottom) while they're both on special!

Braised Lamb Belly, Roast Pheasant, and Grilled Elk Striploin are also available tonight. (Click photos for more details.), Suckling pig is going on special tonight! The weekend just got better., We're kicking off the weekend with three new dinner specials tonight!

WILD STRIPED BASS CRUDO (photo)
cucumber / avocado / radish / dill pollen 

ATLANTIC COD ALMONDINE
spring vegetables / black garlic vinegar / marcona almond broth

ELK STRIPLOIN AU POIVRE
sake puree / glazed shallots / green garlic / hay smoked sunchokes, Enjoy this dish of Roasted Cauliflower with fried capers, Benton’s ham, peas, and upland cress while you can!

If you're extra hungry, follow up with a Wild Boar Burger with bacon marmalade, chipotle aioli, and pickled cubanelle peppers ― also on special!, This salad of spring radishes, peas, & fiddleheads looks delightful, and is on special this afternoon!

Also with marinated white anchovy, green apple, and garlic butter., How about a seat at the bar for some midweek drinks? Or even a booth by the window — being light out past 5pm, we'll take it!, Come warm up this afternoon with a big bowl of Kimchi Soup while it's on special! 

Made with confit pork belly, maitake mushroom, black beans, and scallions., Need help deciding on a starter tonight? @two_summer suggests our Fried Calamari with licorice glacé, preserved lemon yogurt, and shishito peppers., Peekytoe Crab & Avocado with Buddha’s hand, Eva’s wild greens, mint, and vanilla oil is on tonight!

A few other dishes to try with it before they're gone:

-Green Asparagus Salad: trumpet royal mushrooms, hot mustard mornay sauce, hard egg, & garnet mustard greens.

-Rabbit Au Poivre: sake puree, glazed shallots, smoked sunchokes, green garlic.

-Grilled Bison Ribeye: horseradish mashed potato, braised kale, truffled mushroom ragu., Wrapping up #ExtremeBeerFest weekend tomorrow as we brunch with Grimm Artisanal Ales! 

Tickets are still available ― grab yours before they're gone., We have two new specials for you this afternoon ― stop by for lunch if you're around Beacon Hill!

SEARED KALE SALAD
green apple / country ham / soft poached egg / mugolio vinaigrette

ROAST BUFFALO SANDWICH
hot mustard cheese sauce / minced onion / habenero pickle relish / Bibb lettuce / tomato / french roll, Join us this Sunday for a special #Beer #Brunch with Grimm Artisanal Ales!

Three beers, two courses, and limited tickets ― get yours now., Continue your Friday afternoon with a Corned Duck Reuben, now on special! 

Layered with grilled zucchini, garlic roasted tomato, sauerkraut, and Russian dressing on marble rye., There are less than 30 tickets left for this Sunday's Extra Special Beer Brunch with Grimm Artisanal Ales! Three beers, two courses.

Grab yours while you still can: http://bit.ly/1MI4m6d, Grab a booth and join us for one of tonight's specials!

•Butter Poached Quakers and Scallops with tasso, Chinese long beans, black truffle, & rye breadcrumbs.

•Smoked Elk Chili with aji panca & arugula blossoms., Take a seat by the window and overlook a sunny Beacon Hill while lunching on today's special Emu Burger! Topped with aji panca, sweet pea, gruyere, almond gemolata, and bentons.

We also have Butter Poached Quahogs & Scallops with chorizo, Chinese long beans, black truffle, and rye breadcrumbs on this afternoon., We're having a Beer Brunch with the husband/wife team behind the new nano-brewery, Grimm Artisanal Ales, this Sunday!, "[Uriel]'s the No. 1 guy on the team," says Chef Poe., Our Corned Duck #StPatricksDay special with corned beef & cabbage gnocchi, malted cabbage dust, and whiskey glaze is on all day.

We'd love to celebrate with you!, We're counting down the days to spring with this colorful, savory dish of Grilled Calamari with cilantro puree, crème fraiche gel, compressed cherry tomato, and persimmon!

Also on special: Bison Shepherd's Pie with roasted root vegetable, horseradish potato, and green garlic puree & Corned Dusk Breast with corned beef gnocchi, cabbage, smoked carrot, and whiskey glaze., We're ready for #StPatricksDay with our Corned Duck special! 

Corned beef & cabbage gnocchi, malted cabbage dust, and whiskey glaze ― served through tomorrow., Scallop Ceviche with rhubarb, lime, pickled coriander, tosaka, and horseradish (photo) is on special tonight!

You can also go for the Corned Duck Breast with corned beef gnocchi, cabbage smoked carrot, and whiskey glaze before it's gone., Beat this gloomy weather with one of tonight's dinner specials!, Next Sunday, join us for a Beer Brunch with the husband/wife team behind the new nano-brewery, Grimm Artisanal Ales!, Replace your usual cocktail with The Spelling Bee while it's on special!

Made with gin, Pimms, fresh lemon, and cava., If you haven't had lunch yet, we just put this Wild Boar Shoulder "Cuban" on special!

Also available this afternoon: buttermilk Fried Duck Leg with smoked celery root puree and apple radish slaw, and Fried Pickles & Boquerones with maple bacon whiskey aioli., Looks like spring has already sprung at Tip Tap!

On special tonight: asparagus salad, hot mustard, pickled trumpet mushroom and lemon balm., Looks like spring has already sprung at Tip Tap!

On special tonight: asparagus salad, hot mustard, pickled trumpet mushroom and lemon balm., A special thank you to Nani for giving us our boy back...

Coming soon: Lloyd & Nani's., Prepare yourselves for #NationalPiDay. Come celebrate tomorrow with a slice of Chocolate Peanut Butter Banana Pie – Chef Poe’s family recipe!, Props to this guy at Tip Tap last night who loves Parish Cafe too!, We have some new specials this afternoon!

Lamb Souvlaki (pictured): compressed cucumber, grilled pita chips, green romesco, and tarragon yogurt.

Bison "Sloppy Joe": brioche roll, tomato-cucumber relish, and spicy pickle spear., Green Asparagus & Maitake Salad with deviled egg *frittata*, lemon oil, and hot mustard sabayon is on special tonight!

Also available for the night: Roast Cod with ricotta gnocchi, charred tomato sauce, and fried brussels sprouts & Grilled Elk Medallion with black pepper jus, yu choy, and pearl onion confit., When in doubt, a thick, juicy Burger will never let you down.

The tough part is deciding between Steak, Lamb, and Turkey... then pile on your favorite toppings like sautéed mushrooms & onions, bacon, cheese, and beer cheese sauce!, We'll be closed all day and night tomorrow (Monday) for our staff holiday party!, You can get Braised Spanish Octopus with paprika, pearl onion, spigarello, and garlic oil for dinner tonight!

Maine Salmon Crudo, Roasted Cod, and Grilled Kangaroo are also on special ― come try one while they're available., Fluke Crudo and Tempura Rock Shrimp are on tonight! Try them before they're gone., Our Mean Eyed Cat Margarita is on special tonight ― made with chili-infused tequila, pomegranate, cucumber, triple sec, and fresh lime. Enjoy with some Baked Brie!, Where are you spending your Thursday night? 

Pay us a visit for a couple cold ones and your favorite bar snacks., If you're around Beacon Hill, stop by for tonight's special: Grilled Bison Ribeye with romesco sauce, charred leek & lettuce, and oregano oil!, "The succulent house grind is lightly coated in a tangy trifecta of veal demi, A1 aioli, and Tip Tap dressing, a one-of-a kind flavor combo." -Thrillist on our Steak Burger, On special tonight:

GRILLED BISON RIBEYE with romesco sauce, charred leek & lettuce, and oregano oil.

ROASTED KANGAROO LEG with yellow beet puree, ginger vinaigrette, fried brussels sprouts, parmesan tuile., Our Bison Burger with vadouvan crumble, fried potato cake, julienned vegetables, and vindaloo aioli is on special this afternoon!, Tonight's dinner special: Grilled Kangaroo with yellow beet puree, spicy ginger vinaigrette, fried brussels leaves, and parmesan tuile., Today's after-work drink suggestion: a tall Café Con Leche!

Made with reposado Don Julio Tequila, house fall-spiced liqueur, agave coffee, and Mexican chocolate whipped cream., This afternoon's lunch specials make for a great salad & burger combo!, Tonight's specials:

SALMON CROQUETTES with old bay cream, lovage, salmon roe. 

FRIED CHICKEN THIGH with vindaloo sauce, sour orange, mustard greens.

GRILLED BISON RIBEYE with carrot infused couscous, pea shoots, black truffle jus, vadouvan crumble., Congratulations! Gordon had a baby!, We have some Sunday brunch specials!, The best part of the weekend? Ending it with a delicious brunch ― join us today, 11am-3pm!, We have three new specials this afternoon! Which do you want to try?, With an entire city of options, Friday night dinner isn't always the easiest decision. 

Let us help ― we suggest this Short Rib entrée with black cherry glaze, charcoal dumplings, red kosho, and glazed garlic!, Bison Bolognese with gnocchi is on special this afternoon! If you're around Beacon Hill, we'd love to see you., @journeywjenney says it's a bourbon kind of night... with one day to the weekend, we agree.

Cozy up to the bar or grab a table after work tonight for a cocktail or two., In addition to the Warm Burrata, we also have a Poached Pear & Blue Cheese Salad and Wild Boar Burger on special tonight!, On special tonight: Warm Burrata with wild rapini, greengage plum, Marcona almonds, and lemon.

We also just tapped Ballast Point Victory At Sea & Grimm Artisanal Ales Tesseract!, Appetizer and side suggestions: Grilled Avocado with lobster, black pepper, and lavender crème fraîche & Grilled Corn with Korean pepper aioli, ricotta salata, and lime.

Which entrée will you add?, This Poached Pear & Blue Cheese Salad is on special tonight ― enjoy by itself or aside your favorite entrée!

Great Hill blue, mini mustard greens, blood orange vinaigrette, and shaved croutons., With anchovy, soft egg, and radish, our Kale Caesar Salad is superfood-rich and will power you up this afternoon!, On special tonight:

BEET CONSOMMÉ served cold with salmon roe and almond oil infused tuille.

BISON SHORT RIB with whole grain mustard demi, garlic potato puree, and grilled summer squash., It's Monday afternoon and you're deciding where to spend your lunch break...

Come by for Smoked Beet Consommé with salmon roe, sassafras yogurt, and marcona almond ― on special now!, Before you tune in to the Oscars, stop by for tonight's special: Grilled Kangaroo with butternut squash purée, cippolini onion confit, caramelized pine sauce, and grilled squash!, The Tip Tap Classic Breakfast is complete with your favorites: eggs, smoked bacon, pork sausage, and home fried potatoes. 

Join us for brunch until 3pm!, Finally... Friday! #gameon, Get out of the cold and cozy up to the bar for today's lunch special: Nicoise Lettuce Wraps!

Marinated tuna / potato salad / meyer lemon aioli / ricotta salada / black olive purée, Tempura Fish or Braised Bison Short Rib, anyone?, You're one day away from the weekend and could really go for a cocktail...

Take a seat!, Night 2 of Sourdough Boule & Venison Loin on special. Enjoy!, Tonight's specials! Trust us, just try one., When you can choose between a Steak, Lamb, and Turkey, which will it be?

Either way, don't forget to pile on toppings like sautéed mushrooms & onions, bacon, cheese, and beer cheese sauce!, Live from Tip Tap it's Sunday night!, We'll be opening at 5pm tonight! Come by for some post-storm dinner and drinks., Tip Tap will be closed this afternoon, but stay tuned for details on our re-opening. Hope we can see you tonight!, May your Valentine's Day be filled with love and Venison Loin Carpaccio., Chef Poe cooking Wild Boar Meatballs at his chef demo at the 2015 Boston Wine Expo with host Dan Andelman! #bwe15, Swipe Right will be one of our Valentine's Day cocktail specials for you to sip tomorrow! 

Made with vodka, lemon & lime juices, simple syrup, Pimm's, Grenadine, and Peychaud's., We have Roasted Cauliflower and Turkey Neck & Dumplings on special this afternoon! Grab a seat at the bar and enjoy with your favorite beer., Roasted Bone Marrow has recently been added to both our lunch and dinner menus! 

This appetizer, made with persimmon, onion jam, scallion sauce, and crab toast, can be enjoyed by itself or with any meal ― you deserve it after all that shoveling., Thanks again to Chris and Marianne Cooper for joining us last Saturday and supporting AccessSportAmerica!, We'll be opening at 5pm! 

Make your way over for that drink you've been waiting for., Hope you're all being safe out there!

Due to the weather, we'll be closed for lunch today. Check back for re-opening details!, Snow update: we will be open 5-11:30pm with a limited snow storm menu!, Due to the weather, we will be closed today for lunch. Stay tuned for updates!, Brunch is served until 3pm today!

If the weather has you sleeping in, we'll be here all night ― take a seat later on for one of our favorite bar snacks!, Actors Marianne and Chris Cooper were just here supporting the AccessSportAmerica charity!, Happy Friday!

Stop by on your way home from the office for one of tonight's dinner specials and your favorite beer., When it's this cold, juicy Steak Tips over a mound of horseradish potatoes will keep your mind off the weather.

Want to change it up? Lamb, Turkey, Chicken, Swordfish, and Tofu Tips are also available!, Hungry after the parade?

Stop by for a half dozen oysters with a glass of sangria before heading back to work!, Trade in your regular cup of coffee for our tall Café Con Leche!

Made with reposado Don Julio Tequila, house fall-spiced liqueur, agave coffee, and Mexican chocolate whipped cream. Enjoy as a quick warm-up or after-dinner drink., Great view for a snow day beer ― we're open for lunch and dinner!, Gear up for the big game with a big brunch: Steak Tips & Eggs Benedict!

Served with mashed potato cake, Canadian bacon, seared pea greens, and hollandaise, and available until 3pm today., We have five new beers, just in time for Saturday night!

Enlightenment Ales Illumination, Stone Brewing Co. Delicious IPA, Stone Green Tea IPA, Timmermans Beers Blanche Lambicus, Night Shift Brewing Craiginator., Snow day special: get $10 off tickets for tomorrow's Burrito Bowl IV at Poe's Kitchen at the Rattlesnake!

Use promo code "ILoveBurritos" until 9pm tonight., A lot of store shelves were still pretty empty yesterday, but our kitchen is fully stocked! We have some entrées to fill up on, like these savory Lamb Tips. 

Served with mint & shallot and tzatziki over minted lamb glacé and smooth goat cheese potatoes., You have to admit, Beacon Hill looked quite nice last night.

Now that it's [almost] over, we'll be open at 5pm for dinner and drinks!, We will be open tonight from 5-10pm with a limited snow storm menu!, Snow hours for the Wilcox Hospitality Group:

-The Tip Tap Room: Open for food tonight until 11pm. Drinks until... / Open Tuesday 4 or 5pm (if weather & safety allow) with limited snow menu.
-Poe's Kitchen at the Rattlesnake: Open for food tonight until 11pm. Drinks until... / Closed Tuesday.
-Estelle's Southern Cuisine: Open for food tonight until 11pm. Drinks until... / Closed Tuesday.
-Bukowski Boston & Cambridge: Open for food tonight until 11pm. Drinks until... / Open Tuesday 4 or 5pm (if weather & safety allow) with limited snow menu.
-Parish Cafe & Parish Cafe II: Closing at 10pm tonight. / Closed Tuesday.
-Lower Depths: Closing at 11pm tonight. / Closed Tuesday., In case you don't plan on leaving the house the next day or two, you may want to enjoy a juicy burger and your favorite beer while you can., Eggs, bacon, steak tips... you name it. All alongside a Bloody Mary, of course!

Join us for brunch from 11am-3pm today., Mini Poes! So happy to help EJ celebrate his 7th birthday with these awesome (and adorable) future chefs., Brian Poe will be kicking off the Burrito Bowl IV at Poe's Kitchen at the Rattlesnake next Saturday, January 31!, "Growing up in Dorchester, I thought of the mayor like a rock star. Being mayor is bigger than being Mick Jagger." - Gordon Wilcox, You're almost through the week, and we have cocktails & calamari waiting for you!

Bring your appetite and relax this evening., Brian Poe will be kicking off the Burrito Bowl IV next Saturday, January 31!

Chefs in the running represent Poe's Kitchen at the Rattlesnake, Papagayo Restaurant, Taranta, El Pelon Taqueria, Tico, El Centro, Ashmont Grill, & Villa Mexico Cafe. Whose burrito creation will reign supreme?

Tickets available now: http://bit.ly/BurritoBowlIV_Tix, Have an after-work snack or start tonight's dinner with some fresh, Grilled Avocado atop Lobster, Black Pepper, and Lavender Crème Fraîche., Hop into a seat at the bar for today's lunch special and one of our current taps!

Our bartender Peter suggests pairing the Boar Burger with Great Divide Brewing Company Hoss Rye Marzen. "It's a German style beer and the same one used to braise the sauerkraut with the burger.", Roasted Bone Marrow is NEW to both our lunch and dinner menus!

Now you can enjoy this appetizer, made with persimmon, onion jam, scallion sauce, and crab toast, by itself or with any meal., You woke up hungry and brunch is the first thing on your mind... come join us!

The Tip Tap Classic Breakfast is complete with your favorites: eggs, smoked bacon, pork sausage, and home fried potatoes. Served until 3pm., Take a seat ― Pork Riblets with hoisin, scallion sauce, and fried garlic are now on special!, A complete, satisfying dinner will begin your weekend right.

May we suggest La Belle Farm Foie Gras or Duck Leg Confit to start? What comes next is up to you., #TBT: A feature in Improper Bostonian Magazine after hosting the first annual Chefs for Clefts fundraiser to benefit Mass General's Global Surgical Initiative last August., With aged goat cheese, macomber turnip, Sicilian pistachio, and caramelized onion chip, we suggest adding our Roasted Beet & Maticana De Cabra Salad to your meal for some extra flavor., The BBQ Wild Boar Burger is on special this afternoon!

Take a step in from the cold and enjoy with one (or two) of your favorite beers., Start the week refreshed with our Purple Fountains mocktail, a tart and subtly earthy blend of beet shrub, honey, and lemon., It's Sunday and brunch calls!

Whether you're looking for Steak Tips & Eggs Benedict, a Breakfast B.L.T., or French Toast, we have you covered until 3pm.

(Thanks @sofbelike for the photo), The #NEvsBAL playoff game kicks off at 4:35pm!

We have drafts on from Stone Brewing Co., Night Shift Brewing, Peak Organic Brewing, Coronado Brewing Company, Bear Republic Brewing Co. and more. Spend the rest of the afternoon at our bar with your favorite beer (or two) and the Patriots., Work's out and it's time for dinner ― join us for for one of tonight's specials!, With temperatures like this, we like to keep things hot with horseradish potatoes.

Warm up inside and get your fix alongside some juicy Steak Tips. @dd_jeux made a good choice., Bartender's choice: Peter's favorite cocktail to make is the Barrel Aged Negroni on the rocks.

Take a seat at our bar and pair with some Baked Brie after work!, It's National Whipped Cream Day, and cinnamon whip is all we've been thinking about.

Try it tonight atop our Blackberry White Chocolate Bread Pudding!, What's brunch without a Bloody Mary?

Try one of ours, garnished with candied bacon and paired with your favorite dish until 3pm!

(Photo by @deedubbayew), This afternoon's special is complete with cranberry french toast, roasted caraway, parsnip slaw, and maple syrup.

Come by if you're in the Beacon Hill area!, Happy New Year, everyone! Join us for brunch from 11am-3pm today. 

(Photo by @alexamell), Have you come up with your New Year's resolutions?

Chefs Poe and Doug shared theirs with BostInno: http://bit.ly/1zQEQrV, It's National Bacon Day! 

We know how you're topping off your burger..., When was the last time you had Mac & Cheese made with beer cheese and topped with crackers?

...that's what we thought.

Thanks @HeyRatty for the photo!, Time for brunch!

The Tip Tap Classic Breakfast with eggs, smoked bacon, pork sausage, and home fried potatoes is served 'til 3pm., Hope everyone is enjoying the long weekend! On special tonight we have this Shrimp and Chorizo Vol Au Vent., Today's lunch specials: Creamy Polenta & Grilled Bison Burger.

Come by if you're around Beacon Hill!, Hope everyone has a lovely holiday with good company and lots of great food!

We will be closing at 5pm tonight and all day tomorrow., If you happen to be saving the drinks for holiday gatherings, our tart and subtly earthy Purple Fountains mocktail is just what you're looking for.

As a reminder, we will be closing at 5pm tomorrow on Christmas Eve!, Get out of the cold tonight and fill up with our savory Pork Shank Osso Buco entree!

Served with green curry, butternut squash, anise caramel, and coco beans.

(Photo by @danimalbos), Steak Tips & Eggs Benedict for brunch? Yes, please.

Served with mashed potato cake, Canadian bacon, seared pea greens, and hollandaise. You have until 3pm!, There's no need to wait for next week to have dessert...

Join us for dinner tonight and end your meal with our Red Kuri Squash Custard: milk chocolate mousse, cocoa, crunchy maple, and yogurt sorbet., Tonight's dinner specials are on at 5:30! Salmon and steak fans ― you're in luck., You may not have duck every day, but when you do, it's that much better with parsnip, negi, compressed apple, and caramelized pine.

Add our Duck Leg Confit appetizer to your meal for a taste of something new!, Our Coffeehouse Pumpkin cocktail blends just the right amount of coffee, pumpkin, and orange flavors.

Made with Sons of Liberty Spirits Co.  pumpkin whiskey, Berkshire Brewing Company coffeehouse syrup, walnut bitters, and caramelized orange., With aged goat cheese, macomber turnip, Sicilian pistachio, and caramelized onion chip, our Roasted Beet & Maticana De Cabra Salad isn't just any salad.

Enjoy for lunch today!, Brunch is served until 3pm! 

Our Steak Tips & Eggs Benedict plate gives you the best of both worlds, plus smashed potato cake, Canadian bacon, seared pea greens, and hollandaise. 

(Photo by @fabfo), This group stopped by to sing at Tip Tap tonight, and they certainly put us in the holiday spirit!, When you can't make up your mind, a juicy, flavorful burger will always satisfy!

Choose from steak, lamb, or turkey and top it off with sautéed mushrooms & onions, bacon, and cheese., Make your dinner plans with tonight's special: Roasted Beef Bone Marrow.

Served with onion jam, grains of paradise, and shredded short rib., We're having a LAST MINUTE Stone Brewing Co. event.... kicking off in ONE HOUR!

Six lines, Stone reps, Nick and Kelsey behind the bar. The beers are: Ruination Imperial IPA, Go To Session IPA, Master of Disguise Imperial Golden Stout, Coffee Milk Stout, Smoked Porter with Chocolate and Orange Peel, & Double Bastard. Cheers!, Sweet & Spicy Eggplant with shishito peppers, cashews, and cocoa nib is definitely not something you have every day ― try this side with your meal for a little something extra!, A savory meal like our Lamb Tips will surely make you forget all about the weather.

Served with mint & shallot and tzatziki over minted lamb glacé and smooth goat cheese potatoes., Long day back at work? A seat at our bar with some Baked Brie and a cocktail may be just what you need tonight., Brunch is served until 3pm! Whether you're craving classics or Chicken Fried Pig Ear and Boar Meatballs, we have what you're looking for.

Thanks @alexamell for the photo!, We have two delicious specials for you tonight: Roasted Veal Sweetbreads & Razor Clams "A La Plancha."

Spend your Friday night with us while they're on!, Jack and Nick recommend Hidden Cove Brewing Company's Jali Apricot Jalapeño Ale — on tap now!

"The nose explodes with jalapeño while the attack is more fruit forward with a slight warmth on the back end. Jali finishes relatively dry with slightly acidic, funky notes from the wild brettanomyces.", The 5th annual Rattlin' Around the Christmas Tree, to benefit The Globe Santa Fund, is tonight at Poe's Kitchen at the Rattlesnake!

The The Rollo Tomasi Quartet, Bella Life Models, and celebrity bartenders will be there, along with great food, drink, & fantastic items for you to bid on. Hope to see you there!

There will be tickets at the door, and you can find more info here: http://on.fb.me/1sbyGPs, Thanks Boston Herald for featuring one of our winter favorites!

"This is not your typical Mexican coffee. Tip Tap Room's Café con Leche takes it to the next level with reposado Don Julio Tequila, house fall-spiced liqueur, agave coffee, and Mexican chocolate whipped cream.", What are you doing tonight? Trying some new craft beer, we hope!

Join us in launching Hidden Cove Brewing Company, an all Brett brewery from Maine, with five delicious beers! More info: http://on.fb.me/1FIiDdL, Tomorrow night, we're launching an awesome new brewery: Hidden Cove Brewing Company!, It's game night!

Come by for some drinks and cheer on the Boston Bruins as they take on the Anaheim Ducks (10pm). Let's go B's!, null, Enjoy Sunday brunch with the Tip Tap Classic Breakfast: eggs, smoked bacon, pork sausage, and home fried potatoes.

Served until 3pm!, We have two specials for you to enjoy tonight!

Grilled Emu Steak with cassis coulis, wild rice, haricot verts, and grilled garlic, & Katafi Wrapped Fried Shrimp in a spicy ginger broth., Wind down after a long day of Black Friday shopping with a Coffeehouse Pumpkin.

Sons of Liberty Spirits Co. pumpkin whiskey, housemade Berkshire Brewing Company coffeehouse syrup, walnut bitters, and caramelized orange. Just what you need!, We will be closed tomorrow for Thanksgiving!

Enjoy the holiday with family, friends, and good food., Why wait until Thursday to treat yourself?

Prepared with brioche, caramel, and cinnamon whipped cream, our Blackberry White Chocolate Bread Pudding is ready for you now., "This guilty pleasure uses PBR beer cheese, crumbled Ritz crackers and actual Cheez-Its. As far as gourmet junk food goes, it's one of our favorites."

Thanks Zagat for listing our Mac 'n' Cheese as one of 11 cheesiest dishes in Boston! http://bit.ly/1HDrgdm, Made with beet shrub, honey, and lemon, our Purple Fountains mocktail is tart and subtly earthy. 

If you're looking to try something different with your lunch, this is it!, Brunch is available until 3pm today, and our Tart Cherry French Toast will make your stomach and sweet tooth happy!

With fresh bing cherries, double cream, pistachio crunch, and green apple maple syrup, this is not your average french toast., Thanks Zagat for featuring our Café con Leche as a warm cocktail for cold nights!

Reposada tequila with agave coffee and a housemade fall-spiced liqueur, plus a dollop of whipped cream made with Mexican chocolate. 

See the list here: http://bit.ly/1qIAGzg, Have you tried our Red Kuri Squash Custard?

Milk chocolate mousse, cocoa, crunchy maple, and yogurt sorbet., It's almost five o'clock — join us for a drink after work!

(Photo by @wesssssrod), Have you tried our Roasted Beet & Maticana De Cabra Salad? 

Aged goat cheese, macomber turnip, Sicilian pistachio, and wild sorrel., From sandwiches and salads to burgers and tips, choose what you like this afternoon.

(Photo by @grislana), We have another new menu item!

Duck Leg Confit with parsnip, yuzu permeated green apple, and caramelized pine., Thanks WBZ | CBS Boston for including us on your list of places with Boston's Best Craft Beer Specials! 

"...a nice selection of bottled craft beer specials – all emblazoned on its wall spanning chalkboard on a changing, daily basis – to go along with its adventurous and carnivorous dining fare...", La Belle Farm Foie Gras is also NEW to the menu!

Milk & honey puree, chartreuse, beluga lentils, and black lime., Seared Nantucket Bay Scallops will be added to the menu tomorrow!

Warm fuyu persimmon salad, pickled pumpkin coriander berries, and gilfeather turnip puree., Thinking about lunch?

@thealoves' table chose our Lamb Burger, Camel Burger Patty Melt, Chicken Fried Pig Ear Croque Monsieur, and Steak Tips., A tasty appetizer, like our Duck Leg Confit, can complement any meal.

Charcoal dumplings, red kosho, and glazed garlic. Enjoy with your lunch or dinner — @ty_ross did!, Hope you worked up an appetite today!

Save it for dinner tonight and try our Wild Mushroom Risotto with black truffle vinaigrette, chartreuse, and burratino. 

(Photo by @andrewski77), Some more pics from last night!

Thanks again to everyone who came out to support "PowerLines", a solo art exhibit by Edmund Amore, last night at Kulturez in Harvard Square., Brunch is served, and Steak Tips & Eggs Benedict sound perfect right now.

Smashed potato cake, Canadian bacon, seared pea greens, and hollandaise. Available until 3pm today!, Colin and Doug at the Powerlines Edmund Amore exhibit at Kulturez in Harvard Square right now! Presenting dishes inspired by his art., Chef Doug will be at Kulturez in Harvard Square tonight at 7pm!

Stop by while he presents dishes inspired by artist Edmund Amore's work.

More info: http://on.fb.me/1wrdpla, Happy Friday! Have you tried our new Sweet & Spicy Eggplant side?

With Japanese eggplant, shishito peppers, cashews, and cocoa nib, today may just be the day., What's for lunch?

We suggest a steak, lamb, or turkey burger... topped with cheese and bacon, of course!, Putting tonight's specials up on the board! See you soon., Chef Doug will be at Kulturez in Harvard Square this Saturday, presenting dishes inspired by artist Edmund Amore's work!

More info: http://on.fb.me/1wrdpla, On special all day: Quail Confit with burned sage butter quinoa, red kuri & Peak Organic Brewing Oktoberfest puree, pickled pumpkin salsa, and crispy garlic frisée!, These Lamb Tips with mint & shallot, goat cheese potatoes, tzatziki, and minted lamb glacé will satisfy your taste buds for any meal.

Come try them for lunch or dinner!, Brunch is served until 3pm!

Start your Sunday with The Tip Tap Classic Breakfast: eggs, smoked bacon, pork sausage, and home fried potatoes., Tonight seems like a perfect night for some white truffle with those tips...., We know two chefs who are having a lot of fun tonight! #Halloween, Not a bad crew, huh?

Happy Halloween from the Tip Tap staff!, Kick off Halloween with a festive cocktail: The Coffeehouse Pumpkin!

Sons of Liberty Spirits Co. Pumpkin Spiced Whiskey, housemade Berkshire Brewing Company Coffeehouse Porter syrup, walnut bitters, and simple syrup. Garnished with a caramelized orange slice., Roast Boar Shoulder with cauliflower, autumn berry-grain mustard, and garlic oil will be on tonight at 5:30 as a limited special.

Get it before it's gone!, Thanks Tom., Our current drafts are on the board!

Grab a seat & order up., On special tonight: Garlic & Thyme Venison Filet with Benton ham, foie gras creamed spinach, bacon thyme, and crispy garlic relish!, It's National Chocolate Day!

Treat yourself with our Blackberry White Chocolate Bread Pudding, prepared with brioche, caramel, and cinnamon whipped cream.

Thanks Joonbug for including it on your list! http://bit.ly/1u1tX4x, Our Roasted Beet & Maticana De Cabra Salad is surely worth having!

Aged goat cheese, macomber turnip, Sicilian pistachio, and wild sorrel., Which one(s) will you drink tonight?, Don't try this at home, kids — Here's how Nick flames orange oil into the Number 8! 

Bacardi 8 rum, Cocchi Torino, maraschino liquor, angostura & orange bitters., "For me, classics are classics for a reason. When you can nail down a perfect Manhattan or Last Word, you can begin to build off of those ideas. I think many of the bar managers and bartenders start with a classic and tweak it to their own tastes. Most of the menus I write come from that model." 

Nick's tip for building a better home bar in Eater Boston! #CocktailWeek, Introducing another new menu item: Duck Leg Confit! 

Charcoal dumplings, red kosho, and glazed garlic.

Try it today!, Lobster Bisque is one of three delicious soups on our new fall menu!

Coral aioli, roasted chestnut, shaved button mushrooms, and mugolio., "Highlights of his dinner menu include whole roasted Branzino with eggplant purée and crunchy spicy Japanese garnishes; a wild mushroom risotto with black truffle vinaigrette; brick chicken breast with wild rice, poached cranberries, and chamomile; and a ham hock osso buco with green curry, butternut squash, squash shoots, and cocoa beans."

Thanks, Boston Magazine! Check out the feature for more on our new fall lunch and dinner dishes, Whether enjoyed with lunch or dinner, Baked Brie is always a great appetizer choice.

Saint andré, benton’s bacon marmalade, endive, fire roasted maitake mushrooms, and spiced raspberries., Chef Poe is adding more southern comfort over at Estelle's Southern Cuisine!, "In terms of the first memorable cocktail, it has to be a Toronto Manhattan at Eastern Standard Kitchen & Drinks. I had recently gotten into taking shots of Fernet Branca and that mixed into a Manhattan was awesome."
 
Nick on his first cocktail in Eater Boston! #CocktailWeek, Check out Nick's Coffeehouse Pumpkin cocktail featured for Eater Boston's Cocktail Week Specials!, A night of creativity + cuisine!

Chef Doug will be presenting dishes inspired by the work of Edmund Amore at his 1st solo art show at Kulturez on November 8th.

More info: http://on.fb.me/1wrdpla, This isn't just regular Chicken Soup.

…it's Sukiyaki-style Chicken Soup and it's NEW to our menu!

Consommé, matsutake, winter savory, pumpkin, and chili oil., Packed house & an awesome night for the Night Shift Brewing Battle of the IPAs!

Cheers., The Night Shift Brewing brewers pouring their drafts at the IPA Battle!, The Night Shift Brewing brewers have brewed three unique IPA recipes and will be featuring them here tonight — come by after work to help determine the winning recipe, to be their next batch of Morph IPA! 

The first 20 people to buy a flight will also receive a branded Night Shift tasting glass., Joonbug has named our Kuri Squash Custard dessert and Coffeehouse Pumpkin cocktail two of Boston's most scrumptious seasonal delights!

Read the list here: http://bit.ly/SeasonalDelights, Nick and Poe with Mike from Otter Creek Brewing + Wolaver's Organic Brewing at our Meet the Brewer / Double Dose Release Party tonight!, Now serving a NEW side: Sweet & Spicy Eggplant! 

Japanese eggplant, shishito peppers, cashews, and cocoa nib., Join us tonight as we welcome Otter Creek Brewing's Brewmaster Mike Gerhart! 

We'll be tapping Double Dose IPA, their collaboration with Lawson's Finest Liquids, Overgrown American Pale Ale, Wolaver's Organic Brewing's Pumpkin Ale, and Kind Ryed IPA.

More info: http://bit.ly/DoubleDoseTTR, Tonight at 8pm: 

Try Otter Creek Brewing/Lawson's Finest Liquids's limited-release Double Dose IPA and meet Otter Creek Brewmaster Mike Gerhart!

"Double Dose is a truly collaborative effort and features water from each brewery, locally-sourced hops and malts, and is brewed in the spirit of friendship, fun and really great beer.", Night Shift Brewing's IPAs are battling on Friday, and you can come vote for which will be their next batch of Morph IPA! 

The first 20 people to buy a flight will receive a branded Night Shift tasting glass.

More info: http://bit.ly/NightShiftIPABattle, Eater Boston's annual Cocktail Week doesn't start until the 20th, but Nick's special, The Coffeehouse Pumpkin, is available now!

Sons of Liberty Spirits Co. Pumpkin Spiced Whiskey, housemade Berkshire Brewing Company Coffeehouse Porter syrup, walnut bitters, and simple syrup. Garnished with a caramelized orange slice., Celebrate #NationalDessertDay with a Blonde Brownie Sundae!

Blonde brownie, butterscotch ganache, yuzu puree poached quince, and salted butter ice cream., In case you were wondering about Pretty Things: http://bit.ly/1scVtrR, “I once created a special with pumpkin jalapeno salsa, butternut squash creme fraiche, and sweet potato puree based on one sip of Ommegang Scythe & Sickle."

Chef Poe in The Boston Globe's 'Autumnal flavorings welcome addition to seasonal beers'! http://bit.ly/1tWxqve, It's lunch time and you just might be in the area. 

We're open the usual hours and would love your company!

(Photo by IG user @michelledozois), Brunch is served until 3pm! Steak Tips & Eggs Benedict, anyone?

Smashed potato cake, Canadian bacon, seared pea greens, and hollandaise., TGIF! We have two new menu items for you to enjoy:

•Beet Salad with roasted beet and Miticana de Cabra with aged goat cheese, macomber turnip, sicilian pistachio, and wild sorrel.

•Hog Shank with green curry, anise, fennel, pollen, butternut squash, and flowering squash vines., Top off dinner with our special Kuri Squash Custard.... or just eat it alone!

Yogurt sorbet, bitter cocoa mousse, and maple tulle bring it a step above your average dessert., Now on special: French Onion Soup!

Pig head crouton, pearl onion, gruyere crème, cocoa nib., Tonight's specials are up on the board! 

Come try one while watching the B's., null, Hockey is back and we couldn't be happier!

Watch the Boston Bruins take on the Philadelphia Flyers at TD Garden as you sip on a good beer or two by the bar. 

Say it together now: GO B's!, "New England's widest selection of offbeat proteins." 

Thanks USA TODAY Hunt & Fish for the feature!, Fancy a burger for lunch?

Choose from steak, lamb, or turkey. All may be topped with sautéed mushrooms, bacon, sautéed onions, swiss, cheddar, American, and beer cheese sauce.

(Photo by Instagram user @tettybong), Got a sweet tooth? 

We have the perfect brunch for you: Tart Cherry French Toast with fresh bing cherries, double cream, pistachio crunch, & green apple maple syrup! Available until 3pm today., "My happy place. #boston"

Thanks for the great photo, @natahree_rowcha!, Great to have Isabel and the crew from Original Living Magazine in for dinner tonight!, Now on: Chicken Fried Pig Ear Croque Monsieur with griddled ham, gruyere, & fried garlic béchamel!, Wild game specials are up!, Thank you Thrillist! 

The Best Beer Bars in 18 Boston Neighborhoods: http://bit.ly/1pFM1Jc #BeaconHill, Chef Doug's firing up the ham hocks!

Look for the final product coming soon......, A great time alongside Taranta's Jose Duarte at the 3d annual Ritmos de Salud (“Healthy Rhythms”) benefit for Joslin Diabetes Center's  Latino Diabetes Initiative!

http://bit.ly/10jGMKh via The Boston Globe, Duck Confit Leg a la Plancha with charcoal, dumplings, beets, porcini, and spruce — on special now! 

Happy Saturday everyone., On special tonight: mushroom risotto, burratino, chicken mushrooms, honey mushrooms, chartreusse coulis, and black truffle., The weekend is here — time for some serious eats! 

Here are our Lamb Tips with goat cheese potatoes, tzatziki, & minted lamb glace., What is Gordon Wilcox contemplating now?, On special: Sweet and Spicy Japanese Eggplant, shishitos, cashews and cocoa nib!, Pumped for the Boston Bruins preseason game tonight?

The puck drops at 7 — here's why you should watch it here: http://foxs.pt/1hqy4fL via NESN, Tonight's drafts are up on the board!

What's your pick?, "How would I change the world through food? One plate at a time... As for the industry itself, I'd like to see a continued effort to end childhood hunger through education and organizations like No Kid Hungry. All levels of the food industry should make it mandatory to be involved in the nonprofit side of teaching families how to cook healthy meals."

Thanks Eater Boston! "How Boston's Restaurant Industry Would Change the World Through Food": http://bit.ly/XNaHbY, Menu planning session, aka #wherethemagichappens., Need another reason to have a Bloody Mary with brunch today? 

Three words: candied bacon garnish.

(Photo: @jessicaskd on Instagram.), O-toro Sashimi on special.

Happy Saturday everyone!, "True happiness: working for oneself." - Gordon Wilcox, Nick's created a new cocktail featuring Antica Formula Carpano Vermouth, Old Overholt Straight Rye Whiskey, and bitters. 

We're calling it "TBA" for now. Comment below with your name suggestion and maybe you'll see it on the menu!, It's National Cheeseburger Day!

We know what we're having for lunch... do you? 

"Get Your Cheeseburger On": http://bit.ly/1wstIwp via Joonbug, Thanks to Zagat's Scott Kearnan for paying us a visit!

Which of our dishes did he declare must-try's? Find out here: http://bit.ly/Zqpt9T, A bright salad on an overcast day!

Here's our Iceberg & Chicken Salad with crunchy vegetables, gooseberries, sumac-honey ricotta, buttermilk-kosho dressing, and chicken skin., Trouble getting out of bed this morning?

Good thing we serve brunch until 3pm! We suggest our Steak Tips & Eggs Benedict with smashed potato cake, Canadian bacon, seared goosefoot, & hollandaise., Whatever tonight's plans are, kick 'em off with a delicious cocktail!

Here's The PGH with No.3 Gin, green chartreuse, cucumber, grapefruit fresh lemon, & pink peppercorn., We're honored to have John O'Hurley and Patrick Warburton visit us for lunch today!

Huge fans of Chef Rodrigues' escargot risotto!, Need some Thursday night plans?

We have a few suggestions.....

(Photo by @glupes on Instagram.), Thanks to BostonTweet for snapping this photo on Sunday!

Who else could use some Steak Tips tonight?, On special: Striped Bass Ceviche with habanero, lychee, & garlic chive blossoms!, A couple drinks with lunch? Go ahead, it's a mocktail!

Here's the Island Hopper, a non-alcoholic Mai Tai, with House Orgeat, Pineapple, Lime, Orange, & House Grenadine., Tonight's delicious specials!

Pictured is the Skate Wing "Piccata" (brown butter, honeycomb, capers)., "Boar Meatballs: If it's wild game that you're after, The Tip Tap Room can accommodate that. Boar meatballs can start the meal, and they're served in a spicy ginger cilantro sauce."

Thanks Eater Boston!, We've got a strong selection of sour beers on draft + in bottles right now!

Read up on the science behind the recent sour beer craze in Boston Magazine: http://bit.ly/1rpY3uW, Lunchtime menu additions! Get 'em before they're gone., Thanks Improper Bostonian Magazine! #ChefsForClefts, Happy Labor Day from Tip Tap!

We're open regular hours today, so stop in & order up something good!

Photo of our Boar Meatballs by @scubasteve1963., We're open for brunch 10:30-3 today! 

Stop in and add some of our 'Tip Tap Classic Breakfast' to your weekend plans., Gordon with his favorite girls!, We'll be open all Labor Day weekend. Time to squeeze in some refreshing cocktails before the summer ends!

Photo: @breen_tyrese4 via Instagram., Thank you The Boston Globe! 

In print today and online here: http://bit.ly/1tc6CMd, Special thanks to Lydia Shire (Scampo), Chris Coombs (Boston Chops & Deuxave), Michael Scelfo (Alden & Harlow), and Andy Husbands (Tremont 647) for each graciously donating a three-course paired “dinner for ten” at their respective restaurants, up for bid in the silent auction last night! #ChefsForClefts, Thank you to everyone who came out to support Massachusetts General Hospital's Global Surgical Initiative at our 1st annual Chefs for Clefts fundraiser last night! 

Pick up a copy of today's Boston Herald for a nice wrap-up of the event, or check out the article online here: http://bit.ly/1zzogIj

Photo gallery: http://bit.ly/1tR7Lpf, Nothing like a great time for a great cause!

Thanks everybody for coming - we appreciate your support! #ChefsForClefts, It's not a party until these three arrive! 

Almost time to heat up the dance floor! #ChefsForClefts, Chef Poe - always servin' up his food with a smile! #ChefsForClefts, #ChefsForClefts is on! 

Drink, dine, and dance to help us raise funds for Massachusetts General Hospital's missions to Colombia., The first annual Chefs for Clefts fundraiser begins NOW!

Buy a ticket at the door for Colombian-inspired cocktails & hors d'oeuvres... All to benefit Mass General's Global Surgical Initiative!, "Eat well, do good. Head to The Tip Tap Room from 6-9 PM tonight, where chef Brian Poe will host 'Chefs for Clefts,' a fundraiser for the Global Surgical Initiative at nearby Massachusetts General Hospital."

Thanks Zagat! Tickets are available for $50 at the door or $40 in advance. Get 'em here: http://bit.ly/1nV0Syd, Got brunch plans? Try the Tart Cherry French Toast, part of our new menu!

Tart Cherry French Toast with fresh bing cherries, double cream, pistachio crunch, & green apple maple syrup., On special: Venison Loin "A La Plancha" with vadouvan coulis, baby beets, cauliflower, and artichoke cinder., Added to our menu tonight: Monterey Abalone & Black Summer Truffle with heirloom tomato, calamint, and piel de sapo melon!, Our drafts are up on the board! What's your pick?, Thank you Boston Event Guide for including our Chefs for Clefts fundraiser (this Monday) in your weekly newsletter!

Tickets are still available on Eventbrite: https://www.eventbrite.com/e/chefs-for-clefts-presents-a-night-in-colombia-tickets-12358359185, Someone VERY cute paid us a visit today! She's becoming a regular. :), Chef Poe's reppin' the Sox tonight!, Blonde Brownie "Sundae": blonde brownie, butterscotch ganache, yuzu puree & salted butter ice cream.

The photo (by @jozefavichus on Instagram) is reason enough!, We're only one week out from our 1st annual Chefs for Clefts fundraiser!

Join us next Monday in raising money for Dr. Jay Austen's (of Massachusetts General Hospital) missions to Colombia, which help children with facial deformities and cleft lips, as well as burn victims.

Colombian-inspired passed hors d'oeuvres will include:
-Summer Corn & Cheese Arepas
-Buenelos (stuffed with goat cheese and cinnamon sugar dust)
-Cassava Chips (topped with roasted lechona bits)
-Empanadas (topped with lime-infused purple cabbage relish)

Tickets + more information: http://bit.ly/1nV0Syd, We open for brunch today at 10:30; try one of our "on bread" options, like the Fried Soft Shell Crab Croque Monsieur!, Funds raised from our Chefs For Clefts event will directly assist Dr. Jay Austen's (and his plastic surgery team from Massachusetts General Hospital) trips to Colombia, which provide a brighter future to children scarred by horrible burns or born with congenital deformities.

Please join us on August 25th as we enjoy Colombian-inspired cocktails and passed hors d'oeuvres, all to benefit this life-changing cause.

Get your tickets today: http://bit.ly/1nV0Syd, Our Grilled Caesar Salad is topped with roasted eggplant caesar dressing, smoked trout, a soft egg, & radish. 

Try it today!, Foie Gras Crostini: foie gras mousse, chartreuse, grains of paradise, red sorrel, & pluot plum - on special!, Goat Milk Risotto appetizer: butter poached escargot & frogs legs, summer truffle vinegar, & miticana de cabra in angelica ash.

Try it tonight!, Our first annual Chefs for Clefts fundraiser is in 2 weeks!

Colombia music paired with Colombian-inspired cocktails and passed hors d'oeuvres... all for a good cause.

Funds raised will benefit Massachusetts General Hospital’s Global Surgical Initiative and will directly assist Dr. Jay Austen’s missions that support children with facial deformities and cleft lips as well as burn victims in Colombia.

Plus, enter in a silent bid to win three-course paired dinners for ten from Brian Poe, Chris Coombs (Boston Chops & Deuxave), Andy Husbands (Tremont 647), Michael Scelfo (Alden & Harlow and Lydia Shire (Scampo)!

More details + tickets: http://on.fb.me/1kwPqxH, If you're not drinking a Bloody Mary garnished with candied bacon, you're not doing #brunch right!

Photo by @jessicaskd on Instagram., Nick's new cocktail, The Fixer, will solve all your problems! (Or at least make you forget them for a while.)

Dunc's Mill Elderflower Rum (from Vermont), Casoni 1814, Carpano Antica, Peychaud's Bitters, & lemon., Two bright menu additions for tonight!

Roasted Red Grouse: anise hyssop, five grain rice, charred yu choy, chili gastrique, summer truffle

Grilled Ostrich Fan Filet: fava bean-african basil puree, black garlic, hearts of palm "a la plancha", Thanks to the gentlemen from BeerAdvocate for stopping by Tip Tap last night! Here they are with Nate & Nick., Nate just put up tonight's specials. 

Let the (wild) games begin!, Thanks to BDCwire and Katy Nastro for stopping by for a lunch date with Brian Poe! 

Watch the video here: http://bit.ly/1AUSpFf, Later on today we’ll be tapping the ONLY kegs in Boston of Foley Brothers Brewing Native IPA + Fair Maiden Double IPA!, Many thanks to the Cooking Channel & Chef G. Garvin!, null, Enjoy Colombian music paired with Colombian-inspired cocktails and passed hors d'oeuvres at our 1st annual Chefs for Clefts fundraiser on Monday, August 25th!

This "Night in Colombia" will benefit Massachusetts General Hospital’s Global Surgical Initiative. 

Brian Poe, Chris Coombs (Boston Chops & Deuxave), Andy Husbands (Tremont 647), Michael Scelfo (Alden & Harlow) and Lydia Shire (Scampo) have each donated a three-course paired “dinner for ten” at their respective restaurants, which will be up for bid in the silent auction throughout the evening!

Get your tickets today: http://bit.ly/1nV0Syd, "Head to The Tip Tap Room before the summer ends to get a taste of the seasonal menu items."

Thanks BostInno! http://bit.ly/1pU2WIk, Tune in!, On your mark, get set, brunch!

We open at 10:30am - try our Steak Tips & Eggs Benedict with smashed potato cake, Canadian bacon, seared goosefoot, & hollandaise., Roasted Head of Porcelet with lettuce wraps, house made chili sauce, Vietnamese pickled vegetables, yellow rice & lemon yogurt.

Feeds four!, One of tonight's menu additions: Ostrich Fan Filet with summer succotash, oregano, white bean, & African basil pesto!, Join us on August 25th when Brian and Gordon host the 1st annual Chefs for Clefts fundraiser to benefit Massachusetts General Hospital's Global Surgical Initiative!

Drink, dine, and dance (dancing optional) during this festive "Night in Colombia".... we hope to see you here!

Tickets: http://bit.ly/1nV0Syd

Find more details on The Passionate Foodie: http://bit.ly/1nO4neI, Our current draughts are up on the board!

Nick recommends:
Evil Twin Brewing Femme Fatale Yuzu
Boulevard Brewing Company Two Jokers Imp. Witbier
Jack's Abby Brewing Berliner Lager, TBT: Poe in his suit servin' it up last night after Boston Magazine's Best of Boston party!, Congrats to Estelle's Southern Cuisine for being named Best Southern Restaurant in Boston Magazine's Best of Boston!, "At the Tip Tap Room, in Beacon Hill, avocado halves are grilled and crowned with a pile of lobster meat."

They sure are! Thanks Boston Magazine: http://bit.ly/1rCG4PY, A beautiful shot of our Baked Brie appetizer, taken by Jenna Mahanay on Instagram! 

Saint Andrè, Benton's bacon marmalade, endive, grilled maitake mushrooms, spiced raspberries., Tip Tap Classic Breakfast: eggs, smoked bacon, pork sausage, & home fried potatoes.

Brunch is now served!, On special: Striped Bass Ceviche, lovage mignonette, lime, green apple, matcha tea, pickled chanterelles, & garlic oil., You deserve a refreshing cocktail after a long day of heat!

Try the new Westender with Grapefruit Liqueur, Cava, Fresh Lemon, Fresh Grapefruit, Calamint, & Peychaud's., Grilled Swordfish Tacos on special for lunch today!

Served chilled with a crispy shell, shaved lettuce, lime, and green onion goddess sauce., If you're unable to attend our Chefs for Clefts event on August 25th or would like to further donate, please visit our MGH Fundraiser Page: http://bit.ly/1mMQoAu (Tickets can also be purchased through this page.)

All donations benefit Massachusetts General Hospital’s Global Surgical Initiative!

More on the event here: http://bit.ly/1nV0Syd, Got Geuze?, Thanks to 'The Passionate Foodie' for highlighting some of our new menu items!

New options include Corn Soup, Hamakua Farm Hearts of Palm Gazpacho, and Iceberg & Chicken Salad (pictured).

Read more: http://bit.ly/1qCllzH, null, Join us at Tip Tap on August 25th when Poe & Gordon host the 1st annual Chefs for Clefts event!

Listen (or dance) to Colombian music while you enjoy Colombian-inspired cocktails and passed hors d'oeuvres, all for a great cause.

Funds raised from Chefs for Clefts will directly assist Massachusetts General Hospital's Global Surgical Initiative & Dr. Jay Austen’s (Chief, Plastic and Reconstructive Surgery & Chief, Division of Burn Surgery at MGH) mission to help with children with facial deformities and cleft lips as well as burn victims in Colombia. 

Poe and chef friends Chris Coombs (Boston Chops & Deuxave), Andy Husbands (Tremont 647, Michael Scelfo (Alden & Harlow), and Lydia Shire (Scampo) have each graciously donated a three-course paired “dinner for ten” at their respective restaurants, which will be up for bid in the silent auction throughout the evening! 

More info + tickets here: http://bit.ly/1nV0Syd, Stop by after work for a relaxing Lavender Aviation, one of the very first cocktails here at Tip Tap!

Bombay Gin, maraschino liqueur, lavender, & lemon., Catch Poe at Andy Husband's annual grilling social at Tremont 647 tonight! 

Who else is going? , We open at 10:30 today for brunch. Stop in & try some of the new dishes!

Tart Cherry French Toast with fresh bing cherries, double cream, pistachio crunch, & green apple maple syrup., Stop by the bar tonight for the 'PGH', a cocktail Nick came up with while visiting Pittsburgh!

London No. 3 Gin, green chartreuse, cucumber, grapefruit, lemon, & pink peppercorn., Here's Chef Poe shooting for BDCwire's "Lunch Dates with Katy" series with reporter & Tip Tap regular Katy Nastro!, Chef Poe and Tyrone working the door together tonight!, Poe tapping into his artistic side! Presentation is everything, after all., Thursday night's taps + wild game specials are up!, Basil Coriander and Thyme Seared Halibut, "chowda sauce", petit pomme de Terre, & Duxbury clams - on special tonight!, On special: Iceberg Lettuce & Chicken Salad with crunchy vegetables, currents, sumac-honey ricotta, chicken skin, & buttermilk-kosho dressing!, This Thursday around 8pm we'll be the only bar in Boston tapping Berkshire Brewing Company's "Brewer's Series" Session IPA!

Free BBC pint glass with your first purchase.

"Coming in at 4% ABV, it's the perfect beer for this year's long-awaited summer. With its light body and citrus hop finish, this IPA is sure to refresh."

Event page: https://www.facebook.com/events/636261176488505/, null, Thanks again to Eater Boston for The Five Days of Meat, 'an obsessive look at all things meaty'! What an excellent week it was...

Recap: http://bit.ly/1mazOKz, "I might share this interest with a lot of people, but I've probably been eating a burger a day for the past few months. I love the burger."

Surprise surprise! Chef Poe in Eater Boston's "Boston Chefs on Their Favorite Meat Dish to 'Elevate'": http://bit.ly/1kLvUZ2, Tonight's drafts are up on the board! Cheers., Thanks Eater Boston!, Chef Poe on his favorite under-appreciated cuts of meat in Eater Boston's 'The Five Days of Meat!" http://bit.ly/1mNxLlO

"Doug [Rodrigues, executive chef] just got in some duck tongue; that'll be interesting. And the tendon was cool — we braised that down and then complemented it with a pork head sauce and calamari, so it was a very unique kind of twist and turn. I think that's where we solidified our action-packed adventure we're in now. It's freaking cool to turn an underappreciated cut into something like that.", When a beef burger just won't do, try Chef Poe's Lamb Burger topped with tzatziki + Turkey Burger topped with cranberry! , What's the most unusual meat that Chef Poe's ever eaten?

"It's coming up next — python."

*cue jaw dropping*

http://bit.ly/1rO7SnM via Eater Boston's 'The Five Days of Meat'., It's a fight for the finals today when Brasil takes on Germany at 4!

Stop by to get in on the action & for Chef Poe's special Wild Boar Feijoada. #WorldCup, What's the meatiest dish Chef Poe has ever eaten?

"I think camel, definitely. You know how with lamb, you have to have a cabernet to kind of clean it? It had that component to it. It was so rich. Part of it was the style in which we cooked it, with butter, and it's also that it has a high fat content, so it had that sort of coating. You really went, 'Wow, this is beefy.' There's also the yak flatiron, which was very unique because it picked up the grill flavor amazingly. It tasted like brazilian barbecue without doing all of the work — just beefy." 

Happy 'Five Days of Meat', Eater Boston! http://bit.ly/1qEoRqN, 'With meat, beer and merrymaking, Tip Tap puts a spring in the step.'

Thank you Improper Bostonian Magazine for naming Tip Tap "Boston's Best" bar in Beacon Hill! , On special: charred whole iceberg lettuce, yellow watermelon, culatello, feta, spicy peanuts, & lemon oil., Happy July 4th from Tip Tap!

We're open regular hours today., Nate sporting his grandfather's annual #4thofJuly sport coat!, Heading to the bar for #USAvsBEL at 4?

We suggest trying the 'La Colina': Cilantro + Serrano Chili Infused Tequila, Grapefruit, Agave, Black Lime. #WorldCup, Thanks Marty Walsh for stopping by Tip Tap tonight! It was a pleasure having you for dinner., Steak Tips for lunch? Why not?

Tips are plated with horseradish potatoes, cherry peppers, & bordelaise., Our new brunch menu includes a selection of burgers and sandwiches, like the Open Faced B.L.T. with charred tomato, beacon hill bacon, bibb lettuce, & goddess dressing!

Menu: http://thetiptaproom.com/menu/, Tonight's anise glazed Belly Wrapped Loin of Porcelet with pea shoots, coco beans, baby zucchini, & corn stuffed squash blossoms!, Chef Doug slicing up the porcelet special for tonight!, #Brazil vs. #Chile is LIVE!

Whenever the Brazilian National Team plays, we have Chef Poe's special Wild Boar Feijoada on & ready - smoked & braised wild boar ribs and shoulder in a traditional black bean broth, collard greens, rice, tomato vinaigrette., A salad to match today's beautiful weather!

Tip Tap Summer: ricotta salata, roasted zucchini, sicilian pistachio, & bing cherry., Thirsty?

We're now pouring New Holland Brewing Co.'s Dragon's Milk Bourbon Barrel Stout! #craftbeer, NEW on the menu: Goat Milk Risotto appetizer with burgundy escargot, frog legs, summer truffle and ash aged goat cheese., And the #USA advances! We'll cheers a #craftbeer to that., Join us at noon for steak tips, beer, and #USAvsGER! #WorldCup

Photo by: http://instagram.com/kcrawford96, On special: Grilled Elk Medallions with onion soubise, ginger Israeli couscous, celery leaf & fennel frond, and black cocoa kosho jus., Thanks Zagat for including our Mac & Cheese with Pabst Blue Ribbon beer cheese, crumbled Ritz Crackers, and Cheez-It in 'Boston's Best Gourmet Junk Food'! http://bit.ly/VnhB7i, More of our current menu additions:

Wild Striped Bass Collar with soy honey glaze & chives.

Miso Rubbed Wild Striped Bass with red quinoa, sugar peas, hawaiian hearts of palm & nori emulsion., Two of tonight's menu additions:

White Asparagus Gazpacho with roasted artichokes, lump crab, pickled spruce & plum.

Bluefish Ceviche with chow chow relish & spiced prawn crackers., Thanks Eater!

Ryan Kelly IN as Sous Chef at The Tip Tap Room: http://bit.ly/VjDhBb, Playing with our food & having fun: http://bit.ly/1nyJU98 via Zagat, Mid-day Strawberry & Goat Cheese salad & #craftbeer, anyone?

Photo by: http://instagram.com/ohtarah, Chef Doug, Sous-Chef Ryan, & Chef/Owner Poe with their popular Wild Striped Bass at Friday's 17th Annual Chefs in Shorts at Seaport Hotel and Seaport World Trade Center!

Thanks to all who came out to support Future Chefs.

More details of the event on Boston.com: http://bit.ly/1uXoxCt, Brian Poe, Gordon Wilcox, and Gene Williams invite you to an impromptu fundraiser upstairs at Poe's Kitchen at the Rattlesnake for the Chica Project!

Light 'em up Sunday at 5pm sharp for USA vs Portugal. #WorldCup, Thank you Zagat for featuring our revamped brunch menu, a collaboration between Chefs Poe and Doug, in 'Where to Eat Brunch This Weekend'. 

Check out the full menu, then swing by tomorrow 10:30-3 for the Fried Soft Shell Crab Croque Monsieur, among other new dishes! http://bit.ly/1uOaqiP, The boys & their bass at Chefs in Shorts last night! Thank you to everyone who came out to support a great cause, Future Chefs.

#2014CIS, Chef Doug's got 99 problems but a fish ain't one., Best buds Brian Poe & Tony Caz kicking back at Chefs in Shorts!, null, Stop by for Chef Poe's special Wild Boar Feijoada whenever Brazil plays in the #WorldCup! They take on Cameroon next Monday at 4pm.

"....a savory, colorful palette of smoked & braised wild boar ribs and shoulder served in an authentic black bean broth with rice, collard greens and tomato vinaigrette." Thanks Joonbug! http://bit.ly/TamnmR, On special: Sparrow Arc Farm Poached Skate Cheeks and Porcini Mushrooms, grilled mustard braising greens, scarlet radish, crudités Heikuri turnips, culatello, Gailan blossom, peach, porcini., null, Today is our 2 year anniversary here at Tip Tap!

Thank you to our loyal customers for your constant support, and thank you to everyone who has taken this ride with us. Cheers!, The real boss.

Gordon Wilcox, Added to the menu tonight: half rack of Smoked Wild Boar Ribs with Flanders cherry rhubarb BBQ sauce, candied garlic, mint & cherry potato salad., We have a bunch of new mocktails!

Here's the Island Hopper, a non-alcoholic Mai Tai, with House Orgeat, Pineapple, Lime, Orange, & House Grenadine., Happy #FathersDay from Tip Tap!

Treat your old man to our new Tart Cherry French Toast with fresh bing cherries, double cream, pistachio crunch, & green apple maple syrup, available for brunch 10:30am-3pm., On special tonight: Scallop Ceviche & Marbled Foie Gras with fennel, red kitten spinach, cassis, & wild herbs., Our new brunch menu rolls out tomorrow, just in time to treat dad to a decadent meal for #FathersDay!

Here's the new Soft Shell Crab Croque Monsieur with griddled ham, gruyere, and Dijon., White Asparagus Gazpacho with lump crab - on special tonight!, Nate's putting up tonight's Wild Game Specials!, Tonight's draughts are up on the board!

Nick recommends Coronado Brewing Company Frog's Breath, a west coast IPA brewed with fresh lime, orange and lemon peels., Chef Poe will again work his culinary magic at the 17th Chefs in Shorts event at the Seaport Hotel and Seaport World Trade Center next Friday!

Attend for the grill-offs, desserts, beer, & wine - all raising funds for Future Chefs, a nonprofit that supports culinary careers.

More info in the Boston Herald: http://bit.ly/1va0Mcr, Get in the game with Chef Poe's special Wild Boar Feijoada, available whenever the Brazilian national team plays in the #WorldCup!

See you tonight for kick off at 4.

More details on Zagat: http://bit.ly/1lqDLyy, The FIFA World Cup is finally here!

Whenever the Brazilian national team plays, join us for Chef Poe's special Wild Boar Feijoada – smoked & braised wild boar ribs and shoulder in a traditional black bean broth, collard greens, rice, tomato vinaigrette.

The #WorldCup kicks off today at 4pm with Brazil vs. Croatia at Arena Corinthians, Sao Paulo!

Details on Boston Event Guide: http://bit.ly/SQcA5t, Chef/owner Brian Poe is bringing on Doug Rodrigues as our new executive chef.

With this announcement comes significant menu changes; tips and burgers will always remain our focus, but we are also introducing dishes like burrata with pickled green tomatoes and miner’s lettuce [pictured] and fried calamari with beef tendon in a licorice glacé.

“This is something I spent 17 years developing. I’m using the best products and local ingredients I can. People don’t have to spend $40 for an entrée. I can put things on the menu like escargot and still keep prices under $20.”

Find more information on our new lunch and dinner menus, and the forthcoming new brunch menu in Boston Magazine: http://bit.ly/1oP0K7Q, The FIFA World Cup kicks off Thursday with Brazil taking on Croatia at 4pm!

Whenever the Brazil National Football Team plays throughout the tournament, Chef Poe will be serving up a SPECIAL Wild Boar Feijoada, his take on the traditional Brazilian stew.

Smoked & braised wild boar ribs and shoulder in a traditional black bean broth, with collard greens, rice, & tomato vinaigrette., On tonight's specials menu: Hibiscus and Saki Marinated Grilled Wild Boar Chops with potato basil salad and ginger, rhubarb, and cucumber relish., BBQ like Poe this summer!

Chef Poe dished on the local beer he's drinking (Baxter Brewing Co. Summer Swelter), his grilling go-to, and his summer jams in Improper Bostonian Magazine's 'Brew Stories': http://bit.ly/1mwLrfu

What would he pair Baxter's Summer Swelter with? Estelle's Southern Cuisine Fried Chicken Thigh with watermelon radish salad!, Wilcox Hospitality meets with Nurys of Chica Project!, Happy Saturday!

Here's Nick putting the finishing touches on one of our new infused cocktails, the Herbology.

Hop + lemon-verbona infused Genever, Campari, & rhubarb., Roast Monkfish Tail with bacon infused black barley, chanterelles, black garlic-yuzu purée, & grilled happy rich ... On special!, One of tonight's specials: Steamed Littleneck Clams with fried cockscomb, red spinach, x.o. sauce, & pork floss!, Elgood's Brewery Coolship Lambic & Two Roads Brewing Company Road 2 Ruin Imperial IPA - let Friday night begin!, #TBT: Chef Gerson of The Brooklyn Brewery & Chef Poe plating Kangaroo Tartare during Brooklyn Brewery's #BostonMash Local 2 Ways dinner, July 2013!, Cheers to Tipsy Brunch, served 10:30am-3pm!

Photo by: http://instagram.com/heathermarielmnop, Discussing seasonal greens and garnish at pre-meal.

See you tonight!, Wilcox Hospitality partners Gordon Wilcox and Brian Poe enjoyed the hospitality extended by La Barra Sports Bar in Everett. 

Thank you ladies!, Tonight's drafts are up on the board! #craftbeer, A crowd favorite: grilled avocado with lobster in a black pepper lavender crème fraîche!

Photo by: http://instagram.com/eatdrinkboston, Thank you @nicolerosaaaa for stopping by & snapping this photo of our Mac & Cheese with Cheez-Its.

Snag your own at lunch today!

Photo credit: http://instagram.com/nicolerosaaaa, Uinta Brewing's Steve Kuftinec with Tip Tap's Nate & Nick.

Smiles all around!, We're having an Uinta Brewing Tap Takeover tonight!

Come meet co-owner Steve Kuftinec, who will be in around 7!, "Your favorite toques will trade aprons for Bermudas at the annual Chefs in Shorts event, which sees over 40 chefs stage summer cookout-style tasting stations in the glorious open air of the Seaport World Trade Center."

Chef Poe's gettin' those Bermudas ready for Chefs in Shorts at Seaport Hotel and Seaport World Trade Center on Friday, June 20th! 

More info on Zagat: http://bit.ly/Sf6ACO

Buy your tickets here: http://bit.ly/1k2BGsi, A beautiful photo of Chef Poe's Steak Tips with horseradish potatoes, taken by http://instagram.com/jess_salpietro!

See you soon., A new dish truly befitting of the season: Cod with miso, sweet and sour pickled beach mushrooms, daikon & coconut-ginger broth!, Gordon out & about town!, Spruce Roasted Potatoes & Onions with smoked trout roe and wild watercress - on special tonight!, Tonight's Wild Game Specials are on the board!

Game on., Happy Memorial Day Weekend!

One of tonight's menu additions: Coriander Spiced Grilled Ahi Tuna with chilled ramen noodle salad, wild sorrel, & ginger lime Serrano sauce., Here are our current drafts...

And Chef Poe!, Our new Spring Pea Soup isn't poured over the buttermilk, vanilla infused pearl onions, sorrel, & pork belly croutons until the moment it reaches your table!, Chef Poe's proud to be participating in the Party for the Park benefit for Armenian Heritage Park tonight at Royal Sonesta Hotel Boston!, Need to get away?

Take a 'staycation' down south with the Kentucky Italian, made with Corner Creek bourbon, Fernet Branca, & Casoni 1814. Cheers!

Visit Boston Event Guide for more details: http://bit.ly/1h8m16c, Have you tried Chef Poe's NEW Fried Calamari?

It incorporates beef tendon, licorice glace, spring vegetables, and preserved lemon yogurt into one delicious appetizer!, NEW on our revamped spring menu: Chicken & Arugula salad with sumac-honey ricotta, muscat grape, grilled radishes, green almond, & buttermilk-espelette dressing!

Available for both lunch & dinner., Tonight's Wild Game Specials are up!

Happy Saturday., Tyler from Downeast Cider House pouring his cider at Tip Tap!, Gordon & the girls at the Mayor's Table!, Tonight's Wild Game Specials:

Grilled Spanish Octopus with potato confit, lime kewpie mayo, & radish blossoms.

Korean Spiced Pork Riblet (pictured) with cucumber kimchi and fried garlic.

Barbecued Wild Boar Ribs with white corn grouts, pickled sweet potato, charred pear, onions, & mizuna., And here we find Nate in his natural habitat...

Still deciding on your first beer of Friday night? Nate will be happy to help you choose!, Thanks to Max Grinnell of The Urbanologist for stopping by Tip Tap during his 'Overnight Adventure in the Bulfinch Triangle'! http://bit.ly/1j2KzS7

We're happy to be part of Boston's Bulfinch Triangle, alongside The West End Museum, The Boxer Hotel, & TD Garden!, Have you bought your tickets for the 17th annual Chefs in Shorts yet? http://bit.ly/1hHiVpI

Join Chef Poe & over 30 of Boston's top culinary talents at the expansive outdoor BBQ, hosted at the Seaport Hotel and Seaport World Trade Center on June 20! 

The event also benefits Future Chefs, a local non-profit that works to prepare urban youth for quality early employment and post-secondary education opportunities in the culinary field., We were honored to contribute to Boston Bites Back one year ago today!, Spring is in the air ... and on our menu!

Stop by & try some of Chef Poe's new dishes, including  Grilled Georgia Shrimp, Burrata (pictured), Buttermilk Chive Gnocchi, & Chicken & Arugula Salad!

He's also created a dedicated menu full of gluten-free selections. 

More details on The Passionate Foodie: http://bit.ly/T83uSh, #TBT: Chef Poe plating up Doc Hopper's French Fried Frog's Legs at Reel Chefs at The Revere Hotel Boston Common, July 2013!, Pre-game #craftbeer, anyone?

Photo of Jack's Abby Brewing Mass Rising & Port Brewing / The Lost abbey Anniversary Imperial IPA by @JasonAlstrom: https://twitter.com/JasonAlstrom/status/466686663016845313, Introducing Chef Poe's new 'revamped' spring menu, with new flavors & a specialty gluten-free menu! More details on Joonbug: http://bit.ly/SY0NTi

Additions to the menu include: 

Grilled Georgia Shrimp appetizer (pictured) with roasted hazelnuts, shaved button mushrooms, broken egg & pine vinaigrette, & mustard blossoms.

Burrata appetizer with pickled green tomatoes, arugula blossoms, mustard oil, white balsamic vinegar, & miner’s lettuce.

Buttermilk Chive Gnocchi entree with shallot cream, fried bacalao, chickpeas red jalapeño puree, & parmigiano reggiano.

See you soon!, Thank you Zagat for featuring our Potato With Seven Bacon Tips in 'Boston's 9 Best Bacon Dishes': http://bit.ly/STN53L

Try it tonight while cheering on the Boston Bruins in Game 6!

"For the record, they are: pancetta, Applewood, pork belly, prosciutto, wild boar, smokehouse and chef Brian Poe’s housemade 'Beacon Hill Bacon.'", Who's ready for Chefs in Shorts 2014?

Poe is!

Join him & over 30 of Boston's top culinary talents at the expansive outdoor BBQ, hosted at the Seaport Hotel and Seaport World Trade Center on June 20! 

Chefs in Shorts benefits Future Chefs, a local non-profit that works to prepare urban youth for quality early employment and post-secondary education opportunities in the culinary field.

Tickets: http://bit.ly/1hHiVpI, A special to fit the weather!

Harry's Berries Strawberry Salad with toasted hazelnuts, bee pollen & goat cheese., Throwback Thursday #TBT: Mayor's Table in progress, July 2012!, Thank you Four Star Farms, Inc. & Peak Organic Brewing for the fresh hops...

Liquor infusions to follow!, Where did Poe get his love of cooking?

From his mother, Patricia Poe, an inspiring woman who lost her sight from Brian was just 3 years old.

“Mom was amazingly adaptable after she lost her sight,” he said. “She studied home economics at the University of Alabama and had a long list of family recipes. She still cooked.”

Read more in the Boston Herald: http://bit.ly/1slZf1t, We're not named The Tip TAP Room for nothing! Check us out in Zagat's 'Boston's Biggest Beer Lists': http://bit.ly/1mClhcK

"The big beer list is comprised of 65 bottles and cans, plus 35 taps. But don't forget the 'tips' too. Chef Brian Poe offers an eclectic mix of meat tips at this Beacon Hill bar and eatery, from steak, swordfish and lamb to rotating game like elk and antelope.", There's nothing better than burgers by the bar while watching the B's take on the Habs in Game 3! 

Photo by: http://instagram.com/bdbscene, Starting today until May 11, doing good has never tasted so sweet!

Purchase our Blackberry White Chocolate Bread Pudding & 100% of the proceeds from sales will go directly to the Bakes for Breast Cancer organization, to benefit breast cancer research and care at the Dana-Farber Cancer Institute.

Details on Boston Bachelorette: http://bit.ly/1q797P3

Photo by foodista on pointe., Join Chef Poe as he represents Tip Tap on Wednesday at Davio's 'Dinner with Firefighters', a benefit for the families of fallen heroes Lt. Edward Walsh Jr. & Firefighter Michael R. Kennedy.

100% of the money raised will be donated to the families.

Purchase your tickets here: http://bit.ly/1lIIkqn, Tonight's menu additions! Cheers., Working through tonight's specials...

Stop by for the finished products later on!, Also on special tonight: Half Cured Hamachi Crudo with sorrel ponzo, whey, lily white & violets!, Happy Friday. On special tonight: La Belle Farm Foie Gras "Au Poivre" with sour agave, chartreuse, cornichons & cucumber.

See you soon!, The windows are open & spring is here! 

It's Friday at Tip Tap - GAME time., Chef Poe's Burrata - on special tonight!, New RARE beer on tap: Port Brewing / The Lost abbey Red Poppy! Also new on tap we have Evil Twin Brewing Falco & Jack's Abby Brewing Calyptra Hopstituion., USA TODAY likes our game!

They featured Chef Poe's affinity for the unconventional (like Kangaroo tips, pictured) in 'Take a walk on the wild side with exotic meats': http://usat.ly/PSkQjy

"Chef Brian Poe's funky Beacon Hill hangout serves New England's widest selection of offbeat proteins. Menu mainstays run the gamut from boar meatballs in a spicy ginger-cilantro broth to an antelope meatloaf sandwich served with cranberry-jalapeño au jus.", Cinco de Mayo is quickly approaching - and so are tacos!

In honor of the holiday, Chef Poe shared with Thrillist his list of where to score some of the best tacos in town: http://thrl.st/R0AkmS

Tremont 647, Angela's Cafe, Lolita Cocina & Tequila Bar (Boston), Anna's Taqueria, Baja Taco Truck, Olé Restaurant Group, & Zocalo Back Bay!, Another great photo of Chef Poe's Grilled Avocado with lobster & black pepper lavender creme fraiche, taken by http://instagram.com/tiffanybrie.

Try it today!, Tonight's wild game specials are up!

White Asparagus Soup with fricassée of escargot, Grilled Georgia Shrimp, & Grilled Rabbit Loin., Catch Chef Poe at Share Our Strength Boston's Taste of the Nation #TOTNBOS tomorrow!

Join the fight to end childhood hunger - 100% of ticket sales support No Kid Hungry's efforts to end childhood hunger.

Tickets: http://bit.ly/1nVCKOn, Chef Poe's Grilled Georgia Shrimp with roasted hazelnuts, shaved button mushrooms, broken egg & pine vinaigrette, & mustard blossoms pairs perfectly with Brasserie de Blaugies Bière Darbyste.

The Belgian Pale Ale is brewed with fig juice and has spicy, peppery notes as well as a fruity bubblegum character, which balances out the dish's earthy flavor., Try Chef Poe’s special: Duxbury Razor Clams + Uni Butter with green garlic, egg yolk, and rye toast paired with Stillwater Artisanal x Omnipollo Premium Remix - on tap now.

This hoppy, sour Farmhouse Ale balances out the briny, buttery flavors of the clam dish without overpowering the delicate flavors., Four of Chef Poe's specials tonight: Duck Legs, Escargot, Steamers, & Foie Gras.

Happy Friday!, Tonight's wild game specials are up on the board!, Check out Chef Poe mentioned in Boston Common Magazine's Late Spring 2014 issue!

He cooked throughout the evening at The Ellie Fund's 18th annual Red Carpet Gala at The Taj Hotel - Boston on March 2nd - the event raised more than $215,000 to aid Massachusetts women living with breast cancer.

Link: http://bit.ly/1rrNynB (page 33), New Cascade Brewing bottle specials!, Tonight's drafts are up on the board! #craftbeer, Chef Poe is honored to be representing Tip Tap on May 7th at a fundraising event for the families of fallen firefighters Lt. Edward Walsh Jr. & Michael R. Kelly at the atrium outside of Davio's Boston.

There will be 30 restaurants that will be providing tastings and a live auction hosted by NESN’s Dining Playbook co-host, Billy Costa.

Poe will be serving his Boar Meatballs! Buy your tickets here: http://bit.ly/1lIIkqn

Meaball photo by http://instagram.com/charlesvong, We're honored to be one of seven Beacon Hill establishments taking part in the 15th annual Bakes for Breast Cancer to benefit breast cancer research & care at the Dana-Farber Cancer Institute!

May 5th through May 11th, 100% of the proceeds from our Blackberry White Chocolate Bread Pudding will go directly to the Bakes for Breast Cancer organization.

Shout out to fellow participants: Beacon Hill Hotel & Bistro, Figs, Mooo Restaurant, No. 9 Park, Scampo and Whole Foods Market at Charles River Plaza.

More info on Beacon Hill Times: http://bit.ly/1hfm03s, On special: Ostrich Carpaccio, beet granite & goat butter powder!, "You’re gonna need some napkins for Brian Poe’s Croque Madame: The sandwich boasts griddled ham, Gruyere cheese, Dijon mustard, beer cheese sauce and a fried egg on top."

Try Chef Poe's Croque Madame at our Tipsy Brunch, Sundays 10:30am-3pm! Goes great with the Tip Tap Bloody Mary.

http://bit.ly/1pnod2s via Boston Herald, It's time for our Tipsy Brunch, Easter edition!

See you soon., As @eatdrinkboston said, "You can't go wrong with the baked Brie at the #TipTap room, or the selection of beers on tap!"

Photo credit: http://instagram.com/eatdrinkboston, On special: Antelope Filet with The Spencer Brewery Trappist smoked walnut and chive relish!, 2 Lunch Crew stopped by yesterday & took this great photo of Chef Poe's Steak Burger!

Steak Burger: lettuce, tomato, veal demi, a1 aioli & tip tap dressing., Fish for two, anyone?, Go to Beer Menus.com & search the Tip Tap Room to get a LIVE BEER MENU! http://bit.ly/1kkWxGB

Also, we have new #craftbeer: Great Divide Brewing Co. Rumble IPA, Great Divide Chocolate Oak Aged Yeti, & Against The Grain Brewery Kein Lacheln Mein Nachbar!, Another of tonight's specials: Sweet Breads!, Beer Battered Haddock - on special tonight!, On special: Grilled Georgia Shrimp with roasted hazelnuts, shaved mushrooms, broken egg and pine vinaigrette, & mustard blossoms., We're honored to be joining forces with other restaurants in the city to help raise money to benefit breast cancer research & care at the Dana-Farber Cancer Institute.

May 5th through May 11th, indulge in our Blackberry White Chocolate Bread Pudding - 100% of the proceeds from its sales will go directly to the Bakes for Breast Cancer organization!

More details on The Passionate Foodie: http://bit.ly/1iArlA4, Spring chicken and herb salad, sumac-honey ricotta, green almonds, muscat grapes, & buttermilk - on special tonight!, Today's beers are up on the board!, On special:

Fried Calamari and Beef Tendon, licorice, spring vegetables & pickled lemon yogurt.

Grilled Razor Clams with yellow chive X.O. sauce, chickpeas & Espelette pepper., Poe in action!

Brian Poe showed Boston.com how to make Pabst Blue Ribbon Mac & Cheese topped with Cheez-Its: http://bo.st/1h59moY, Chef Poe and Jenny Johnson from NESN's Dining Playbook serving as honorary co-chairs at NF Northeast's annual "Table for TEN" event!, Fried pig head terrine, black garlic, Easter egg radish & grilled ramps ... On special tonight!, Charred Garlic and Leek Rubbed Antelope Filet with pickled spring onions and arugula salad, roasted fingerling potatoes, citrus & purple mustard sauce - on special tonight!, NEW menu addition: Almond Braised Boar Osso Buco with celery root purée, charred lemon thyme salad, green almond, pickled rhubarb, and sumac!, Watching the game in Beacon Hill?

Chef Poe's serving up some serious #MarchMadness matches: Cheese & Cracklins and Mac & Cheese Tips! 

BostInno has the details: http://bit.ly/1pjOF9B, You know Chef Poe for his unusual selection of meat tips, right? Well, Zagat highlighted Poe's lighter side - apple carpaccio: http://bit.ly/1pi6Zjy

"...just as delectable is his apple carpaccio: thinly sliced fruit with mizuna greens, cinnamon sugar toasted cashews, gorgonzola cheese and sparkling apple cider vinaigrette.", Bring your #MarchMadness watching to the next level with Chef Poe's Cheese & Cracklins and Mac & Cheese Tips!

Boston Event Guide has the details: http://bit.ly/1dQqtEW

Cheese & Cracklins - fried goat cheese balls, fried prosciutto cracklins, grilled asparagus tips & carrot ginger sauce.

Mac & Cheese Tips - classic cheddar cream & toasted Ritz crackers and Cheez-its.

The Sweet Sixteen begins tonight at 7:15 - we'll meet you by the bar!, Trust us, Chef Poe's 7-Bacon Potato Appetizer is a MUST TRY.

Seven-bacon tips, beer cheese sauce, fried oysters & pickled serrano pico... See you for dinner tonight!, Chef Poe shooting for Boston.com's 'Dorm Room Chefs' series here at TTR. 

His dish creation for the how-to segment is the Beer Mac & Cheese! #YUM, Stopping by for dinner tonight? 

Start with our Rock Shrimp appetizer: kataifi & nori fried shrimp, cucumber salad & chile ginger sauce.

Great photo by http://instagram.com/jcogan4234, Josh Deth of Revolution Brewing pouring his beer at Tip Tap!, Chef Poe's special tonight: Antelope, Venison, and Elk Mixed Grill with ragu of spring garlic, asparagus, & mushrooms, Jack's Abby Brewing Boston Steam Pie puree, and chickpeas., Himachi Crudo - on special tonight!, Have you tried The Bulldog? 

Tequila Fortaleza, hibiscus liquor, blood orange and lime.

Don't worry - it won't bite!, Jack and Sam from Jack's Abby Brewing!, Sam Calagione of Dogfish Head Beer is #onthebar - WATCH OUT!, A hop randall for fresh hopped #craftbeer? Don't mind if we do..., The crew from Revolution Brewing!, The Alstrom brothers of BeerAdvocate pouring Stalactite and Stalagmite beers!, The GIGANTIC draft list is up on the board for tonight's EBF Pre-Throwdown with BeerAdvocate & Dogfish Head! #craftbeer, Dogfish Head / BeerAdvocate Stalactite Braised Antelope Ribs with crispy prosciutto, black lava sea salt, great hill blue cheese relish, & sweet potato purée - one of our food specials for the EBF Pre-Throwdown tonight!

Guess which #craftbeer it pairs PERFECTLY with... ;), Massachusetts native Sam Calagione is the owner of cutting-edge Dogfish Head Beer of Delaware and "the Godfather of the extreme beer movement," according to the Boston Herald.

He's in Boston this weekend for the BeerAdvocate Extreme Beer Fest and at Tip Tap for our Pre-Throwdown Event TONIGHT: http://bit.ly/1ijDrPJ 

See you 5-8:30pm tonight!, TONIGHT: Join BeerAdvocate, Sam Calagione from Dogfish Head Beer, and industry friends for the Extreme Beer Pre-Throwdown here at Tip Tap!

Sampling of draft list:
Dogfish Head Hellhound
Dogfish Head 90 Minute IPA
Dogfish Head 61 Minute IPA
Dogfish Head Aprihop 
Dogfish Head/Alström Brothers Stalactite
Dogfish Head/Alström Brothers Stalagmite
Sierra Nevada Brewing Company Torpedo
Victory Beer Dirtwolf
Revolution Brewing Jukebox Hero 
Cigar City Brewing Brengle's Double IPA
Stone Brewing Co. Go To IPA
Jack's Abby Brewing Boston Steam Pie
Avery Brewing Company Maharaja
The Brooklyn Brewery La Boîte
Oskar Blues Brewery Old Chub nitro
+ LOTS MORE.

The event is first come, first served. Pay as you consume.

http://www.beeradvocate.com/events/info/66211/, On special tonight: Roasted beef bone marrow with lobster and yellow chive!, This weekend you might find yourself in a sticky (and delicious) situation ... it's Massachusetts Maple Weekend!

Celebrate with Chef Poe's Rosemary Maple Butter - Recipe in today's Boston Herald!

'Massachusetts farms, restaurants celebrate all things maple': http://bit.ly/1j638Ci, What's in store for your lunch today?

Try our Pork Sandwich with smoked bacon, tasso ham, blue cheese, charred tomato sauce, spinach, & onions!

But hurry on over - 'cause Tip Tap is CLOSING at 2:30pm today for an employee party! See everyone tomorrow. :), Thursday! Join BeerAdvocate, Sam Calagione from Dogfish Head Beer, and industry friends at Tip Tap for our Extreme Beer Fest Pre-ThrowDown!! http://www.beeradvocate.com/events/info/66211/

An evening of hop-forward beers, food specials from Chef Brian Poe, and conversation - starting at 5:30pm. , One of Chef Poe's specials tonight: Little Shrimp, Frisée and Fava Bean with celery root purée!, Happy #StPatricksDay!

Celebrate with our Corned Bison, on special today and tomorrow., Happy Sunday! 

Come by for our Tipsy Brunch, 10:30am-3pm., Matt Lambo of Cisco Brewers Nantucket paying a visit!, Kicking off St. Paddies at Tip Tap with this very special guest!, Also on special tonight: Pea Soup with Nantucket Scallops!, On special tonight: Vietnamese Barbecued Wild Boar Ribs with napa cabbage, barley salad, fava leaves & charred onion!, Warm up today with Chef Poe's Baked St. André Brie with coriander citrus roasted beets & warm mushroom vinaigrette appetizer!, Celebrate #StPatricksDay the Poe way!

Chef Poe puts a twist on the traditional corned beef & cabbage with his Chipotle-Spiked Corned Beef & Parsley-Jalapeño Cabbage creation - and gave WBZ | CBS Boston the scoop on the recipe: http://cbsloc.al/1kMRLU5, Chef Poe is proud to participate in the New England Center for Arts & Technology - NECAT Culinary Arts Experience!

Join him for a signature tasting on March 27th by registering here: http://bit.ly/1qvO8Dh, Have you tried our Grilled Avocado appetizer?

Grilled Avocado with lobster and black pepper lavender creme fraiche!, How can anyone get a decent #craftbeer around here when Chef Poe keeps photo-bombing?!, Oh, you know, just some Bacon-Wrapped Kangaroo with farro, Brussel sprouts, apples & pine cone for our Friday night special!, The Extreme Beer Fest Pre-Throwdown is Thursday March 20th!

Join BeerAdvocate, Sam Calagione from Dogfish Head Beer, and industry friends for an evening of hop-forward beers, food specials from Chef Brian Poe, and conversation at Tip Tap.

https://www.facebook.com/events/593812274039528/, Miso-Broiled Cod in coconut ginger broth & Venison Cassoulet - on special tonight!, Tonight's elk special: Coriander, Fennel, & Pepper Rubbed Elk Filet with roasted cauliflower, purple potato, cauliflower buttermilk puree, & crispy garnish!, On special tonight: Chicharon Style Pork Belly with spicy serrano chile glaze & salt pork tomato confit!, Find the recipes for our Oscarita & Red Carpet Ready cocktails in BostInno's '4 Oscar-Worthy Cocktails You Can Make at Home': http://bit.ly/1bP3kXS

Stir 'em up & enjoy at your own Academy Awards party - but trust us, they taste better when you're sitting at the #TipTap bar. ;), Check out the footage of Jason Rossi and Chef Poe talking some serious burger game on Radio 92.9's "Jason's Burger Club"! http://bit.ly/1hCZW0n

"The idea of the Tip Tap Room is...steak tips of all varieties. So we started to do things like llama and kangaroo and yak and ostrich and elk and venison and you name it.", Start practicing your acceptance speech - we're serving up Academy Awards-themed drinks this Sunday!

The Red Carpet Ready: Ruby Red Absolut with lime, blood orange juice and cranberry juice. 

Oscarita: Fortelaza Blanco, Patrón Tequila Cintronge, lemon juice, lime juice, agave and a splash of OJ.

Boston Herald, envelope please... http://bit.ly/1bMAwPu, Tonight at 6pm, Sam, the owner of Jack's Abby Brewing, will join Tip Tap to release all three versions of their "Barrel Aged Framinghammer" beer!!

We will have the original barrel-aged version along with vanilla-aged and coffee-aged. This beer is already turning into a cult classic - taste all three versions here!, Tonight's special: Fennel Coriander Pepper Rubbed Kangaroo with crispy quinoa, grilled and braised napa cabbage, and pear mint relish!, In honor of the 86th annual Academy Awards on Sunday, celebrate with one of our Oscar-themed cocktails! http://bit.ly/1fpliAS via Boston Event Guide

Oscarita – a golden mix of Fortelaza Blanco, Patrón Tequila Citronage, agave, lemon, lime, splash or orange juice

Red Carpet Ready – Ruby Red Absolut Expression, blood orange juice, cranberry juice, lime, Where are you planning on eating & drinking before the next Boston Celtics or Boston Bruins game?

NESN suggests heading to #TipTap in “Dining Playbook with Billy & Jenny,” which aired on Saturday in their “Before, During & After the Game” feature!! http://foxs.pt/1hqy4fL, On Thursday, March 20th, we welcome BeerAdvocate, Dogfish Head Beer's Sam Calagione, and industry friends for an evening of hop-forward beers, conversation, and food specials from Chef Poe! 

First come, first served. Pay as you consume.

https://www.facebook.com/events/593812274039528/, null, On special tonight: Grilled Antelope Filet with ginger Malbec reduction, sweet potatoes, charred cauliflower, and foie gras rosemary maple butter!, Tonight's drafts are up on the board!, Crudo on special: himachi, sea urchin grapefruit rosemary syrup and sea salt!, Chef Poe and Jason Rossi of Radio 92.9 filming for Jason’s Burger Club, discussing and taste testing Camel Burgers at The Tip Tap Room!, Wednesday, February 26th at 6pm: 

Sam, the owner of Jack's Abby Brewing, will join Tip Tap to release all three versions of their "Barrel Aged Framinghammer" beer!!

We will have the original barrel-aged version along with vanilla-aged and coffee-aged. This beer is already turning into a cult classic - taste all three versions here!, "I don't mind when customers take photos. I find it flattering and if it gets Tweeted, Re-Tweeted, Instagram-ed, Tumblr-ed, Facebook-ed, Pinned, put up on your fridge at home, or shared with friends, it's all very good for spreading the word about restaurants and their food." - Chef Poe 

Keep that in mind next time you stop by #TipTap, just like Instagram user @rfarahmand did! http://instagram.com/p/kgVBafnDus/

Quote via BostInno's 'No More #FoodPorn?': http://bit.ly/1geCNQU, You know what dish goes great with #PresidentsDay?

Our 7-Bacon Potato appetizer!

Scratch that - it goes great with any day. :)

"Brian Poe's Tip Tap Room on the backside of Beacon Hill serves the spud with seven kinds of bacon (pancetta, Applewood, pork belly, prosciutto, wild boar, smokehouse and Poe's own Beacon Hill bacon), a beer-cheese sauce, fried oysters and pickled Serrano salsa. We're in seventh heaven."

via Zagat's '8 Crazy Dishes You Have to Taste to Believe': http://bit.ly/1cijA1F, On Wednesday, February 26th at 6pm: 

Sam, the owner of Jack's Abby Brewing, will join Tip Tap to release all three versions of their "Barrel Aged Framinghammer" beer!!

We will have the original barrel-aged version along with vanilla-aged and coffee-aged. This beer is already turning into a cult classic - taste all three versions here!, Chef Poe on stage at the Boston Wine Expo cooking up antelope meatloaf with Dan Andelman of Phantom Gourmet!

#BWE2014, We're honored to have provided lunch for the fine folks over at the Lions Clubs International District 33K Lions annual Midwinter Conference today at Hilton Boston Dedham!, Whether you're staying home or going out, single or in a couple, there's one thing no one can resist on #ValentinesDay: a cocktail!

Try our special “Bleeding Heart” cocktail with cranberry vodka and hibiscus liqueur, at Tip Tap or in your home with the recipe via BostInno: http://bit.ly/1mgjHRR

"The strong cocktail also sounds like a pretty sweet way to sip your dating woes away this Valentine’s Day.", Hungry for the super rare Lunch? We just tapped it at Tip Tap!, We're stirring up our Bleeding Heart cocktail for #ValentinesDay! 

Made with cranberry vodka, Don Ciccio hibiscus liqueur, lime juice and cherry garnish.

Boston Bachelorette has the recipe, so you can also enjoy this cocktail at home: http://bit.ly/MgOxcX, Chef Poe in the kitchen shooting a segment for NESN's "Dining Playbook with Billy & Jenny." (A little Tobasco never hurt anyone.), Tonight's Wild Game special is on the board!, Greg Moon and Matt DeLuca, the boys from Harpoon Brewery, at Tip Tap!, With our 2am closing, it's always the perfect time to do late-night dining at Tip Tap!

"You can't miss the Potato appetizer, this seven-bacon tip wonder is only made better by the addition of a beer cheese sauce, fried oysters & pickled Serrano pico."

We're included in 10best's 'Eat Right, Even Late Night, in Boston': http://bit.ly/1bU70oW, Tonight's special: Dried red pepper basil and garlic rubbed bison with Tabasco buttered shrimp, jalapeño pearl barley and lemon vinaigrette!, These guys are pulling the Poe Trifecta: dining at Tip Tap, Poe's Kitchen at the Rattlesnake and Estelle's Southern Cuisine today!, Heed Chef Poe's advice on how to plan a romantic #ValentinesDay meal:

"Three most important things about cooking for her: 1. It’s about her. 2. It’s about her. 3. It’s about her. Cook what she likes with care and better than she has ever tasted. Pour what she likes and better than she’s expecting."

via Relish Magazine: http://bit.ly/1fKoa7G, Tonight's drafts are up on the board!, Chef Poe's Friday night special: Bacon braised smoky south Texas wild boar ribs, ham hocked & bacon potato hash, Brussels yuzu & onion salsa and bijou goat cheese butter!

Also serving an elk filet and venison Osso bucco., On special tonight: Venison Osso Bucco!, Beer, whiskey, steak tips and a great view - we're #OpenInBOS regular hours today!

Come in for lunch 11:30am - 4pm!, Alex Rabe from Portico Brewing Company hanging at #TipTapRoom today!, Tonight's Wild Game Special: Serrano ginger cilantro #kangaroo filet with Serrano almond cilantro yuzu gremolata!, Chef Poe's special tonight: Cajun Spiced Rubbed Alligator Burger with Backlash Beer Co. Riot pickles and spicy remoulade!, Oh that's just Neil Witte - he's just some master cicerone in town from Boulevard Brewing Company at Tip Tap., Thanks Jason Alstrom of Beer Advocate for stopping in last night! 

He got the #Yak Burger with Beacon Hill Bacon & Beer Cheese Sauce., Love wine? 

Chef Poe will be giving a demonstration on Sunday, February 16th as part of the Boston Wine Expo! 

"During the Expo, local chefs will take to one of two demonstration stages in the Grand Tasting area as they teach, share recipes, and prepare samples of their signature dishes, which can be paired with one of the more than 1800 wines available at the Expo."

Check out Boston.com for more coverage: http://bo.st/1fcQC1K, Oh and then Mystic Brewery stopped by for dinner too..., The guys from Backlash Beer Co. pouring their beer at Tip Tap!, Chef Poe's special tonight: Prosciutto and Basil Wrapped Monkfish with avocado, acorn squash and a sundried strawberry bauchant purée!, Happy Monday! Our current drafts are up on the boards. 

Cape Ann Brewing Berkshire Brewing Company Downeast Cider House Jack's Abby Brewing Bear Republic Brewing Company Ballast Point Brewing & Spirits Smuttynose Brewing Co. Ommegang St. Bernardus Brewery Stone Brewing Co. Green Flash Brewing Co. Oskar Blues Brewery Harpoon Brewery, Did you know there are some things you can get at Tip Tap  only if you're "in the know"? 

Like Chef Poe's Four-Way Mash! Zagat's got the scoop in their 'Off the Menu' column: http://bit.ly/1d4ZEeq

"When chef Brian Poe opened his Tip Tap Room in 2012, the Four-Way Mash (a creamy quartet of potato styles) only lasted for three months. But there are still more than enough orders to keep it coming as an off-menu secret, says Poe, who still sends out the standing favorite by request. For just $5, you get a helping each of creamy spuds flavored with olive tapenade, goat cheese, horseradish and creamed corn. Carb loaders, rejoice (857-350-3344).", Chef Poe's first GoPro Staff Training Video - how to make his Venison Special!

Get a peak inside Poe's kitchen! (video ends at 1:47), Chef Poe featured in Eater Boston's "Chef Faves"! Check out his current favorite local dishes, ingredients, and more! http://bit.ly/1aI7v1C

Favorites include: Sweet Cheeks Puritan & Company The Gallows

"At the Tip Tap Room, things are completely different; I'm working with ingredients like ostrich and giving it an African influence. In the office, I have a world map, and I just sort of stick pins in and say that I want to go to a certain place on a certain day. So the goat could be from India or Africa and so on; there's just such a big reach…"

Photo by Katie Chudy, Anahiem Chile Granny Smith Apple Braised Wild Boar Ribs, on special now!, Chef Poe's current appetizer special: Lime Basil Butter Lobster and Octopus with watercress sauce.

We hope to see you for dinner!, Fennel Onion Braised Goat with fennel onion risotto & crystallized fennel with fennel onion slaw. 

Did you just say fennel?, Full board for tonight at Tip Tap! #tgif, Thanks Lisa Zwirn and The Boston Globe for featuring potatoes today! 

'A side of home fries, with plenty of opinions': http://b.globe.com/1gKpVTj

“I enjoy something that’s supposed to be boring and doing something with it,” says Brian Poe, executive chef and co-owner of Estelle's Southern Cuisine, The Tip Tap Room, and @Poe’s Poe's Kitchen at the Rattlesnake, all in Boston.

Photo: Chef Poe's 4-Way Mashed Potato Sampler., Great article in Sunday's The Boston Globe about New England Clam Chowder - serious business to all of us - with a mention of Chef Poe's Jalapeño Clam Chowder with Wild Boar Bacon! (available often at Tip Tap)

'Clam chowder is a bowlful of New England': http://b.globe.com/JVAt7z

"Legal took chowder mainstream, and these days it’s safe to experiment. At Beacon Hill’s Tip Tap Room, chef Brian Poe livens up his version with jalapenos and game meat...", 'Elk, Kangaroo and Antelope?' That's right. Welcome to the Tip Tap Room, JustLuxe: http://bit.ly/1eOPsJZ

And thank you for the great review!

"While the game specials change daily, the day we were there, we had to try the juniper berry rubbed elk filet (pictured), a tender and juicy cut served with porcini goat cheese duchess potato, porcini buttered green beans and a flavorful cranberry jalapeño chutney. 

The spicy chipotle braised antelope short ribs were falling off the bone served with smoked cheddar and boar bacon grits and sautéed collards...", Chef Poe's Friday Night Special: Sage, Parsley and Garlic Rubbed Bison Filet with au gratin potatoes, sage, and green peppercorn rye whiskey cream sauce! 

Also on special tonight: Chicken Fried Venison Steak with shrimp & grits, sauteed kale and sausage gravy (see photo below). 

#tgif!, Chef Poe's Wild Game Special tonight: Chicken Fried Venison Steak with shrimp & grits, sausage gravy and kale.

Perfect comfort food for a cold day!

Also on special: Elk Burger with Brie cheese & wild mushroom., Come warm up at Tip Tap with one of our new beers: Oskar Blues Brewery G'Knight + Deviant Dale's, Lagunitas Brewing Co Sucks, and Stone Brewing Co. Smoked Porter with Vanilla Beans!, Also on special now: Black Quinoa Vegetarian Burger - guaranteed to meet all of your healthy New Year's resolutions., Chef Poe's current Wild Game special: 5 Spiced Narragansett Beer Autocrat Coffee Milk Stout Braised Wagyu Shortrib with parsnip purée, kale & parsnip chips!, Chef Poe's New Year's resolution featured amongst some of our favorite Boston chefs, restaurateurs and foodies by BostInno! http://bit.ly/1dtzw0Z

"Truthfully, this has been my resolution for the past 11 years that I keep on my fridge...and I stole it verbatim from Chef Lydia Shire (Scampo):
To only butter one side of my toast!
That crispy chicken skin is not to be thought as a vegetable!
Mai-Tais are not to be served in punch bowls!
Champagne is not a diet soft drink.”, Cleaned up and ready to go! Tip Tap will be #OpenInBOS regular hours today: 11:30am-2am.

See you soon!, Live in the neighborhood? Looking for an adventure with a delicious end? 

Come visit! We're #OpenInBOS until 2am tonight. 

Last orders at 1:30am., "With a blizzard looming, we hope you’re preparing to hunker down for the weekend." We are.

"Which is why we recommend imbibing on a cocktail that will warm you up from the inside out – a Manhattan with a twist." 

That is, by walking to Tip Tap or making our Maple Walnut Ginger Manhattan at home with this recipe C/O BostInno!! http://bit.ly/1grokCu, Happy New Year from all of us at Tip Tap! We're open normal hours today, until 2am. Here are Chef Poe's wild game specials!, Bruins tonight at the Garden and guess who made USA TODAY's "10 Best Restaurants Near TD Garden"??

Tip Tap!! http://bit.ly/1dnK3e1

USA TODAY Travel, How does Chef Poe start the New Year off lucky? By eating his French Market Soup on New Year's Day! 

Check out the recipe in the Boston Herald and make your own tomorrow: http://bit.ly/1cjy4Nt, Happy New Beer! 

St. Bernardus Abt 12 and Jack's Abby Brewing Framinghammer Baltic Porter!, Chef Poe's specials tonight! #tgif, New #craftbeer! 

- Sixpoint Spice of Life single hop IPA
- Brouwerij Van Steenberge Gulden Draak 9000
- Backlash Beer Co. Riot!
- Dupont Brewery Avec les Bons Voeux
- Peak Organic Brewing Oak Aged Mocha Stout 
- Stillwater Artisanal As Follows, Want to try a more interesting take on a classic holiday cocktail? Spread holiday cheer with our Maple Walnut Ginger Manhattan!

Recipe C/O the Boston Herald: http://bit.ly/1eGk70k

[Photo in Herald] Top left corner, Chef Poe at The Revere Hotel Boston Common right now serving his Black Lava Salted Caramel hot cocoa with Maple Candied Pecans & Cinnamon Whipped Cream to benefit The Home for Little Wanderers!

#PopItLikeItsHot, Come try Chef Poe's special hot cocoa - black lava salted caramel with maple candied pecans & cinnamon whipped cream - today 3-6pm in The Revere Hotel Boston Common lobby.

Poe will be there himself 3-4pm!

Customers are encouraged to make a "pay-what-you-wish" donation to the Boston nonprofit The Home for Little Wanderers. 

http://www.globaltravelerusa.com/boston-sweet-holidays/, Chef Poe's current special: Mixed Grill of Antelope, Bison & Venison upon Basil, Onion & Cumin Scented Cous Cous, kumquat, blood orange basil salsa & Cranberry Jus!, Don't forget: Chef Poe will be at The Revere Hotel Boston Common tomorrow (Friday 12/20) from 3-4pm  serving up his special Taza Chocolate hot cocoa for free: black lava salted caramel with maple candied pecans & cinnamon whipped cream!! Poe's hot chocolate is available from 3-6pm in the lobby. http://bit.ly/18iDx6u

Customers are encouraged to make a "pay-what-you-wish" donation to the Boston nonprofit The Home for Little Wanderers.

Happy holidays!, Holiday Hours at Tip Tap: We will be open until 4pm on Christmas Eve and closed on Christmas day., Looking for an extra special gift for that special someone? Give the gift of wild game this Christmas! 

Ask us about our Tip Tap gift cards!, Tonight pairs nicely with some Slumbrew Yankee Swap and venison!, Tonight's special: Black Vinegar Cilantro Fried Alligator with coconut lemongrass broth, sweet potato and sea beans!, Keeping with tradition - brewers and owners get to pour their own beer. Trey White of Anderson Valley Brewing Company at Tip Tap!, New beers! Tröegs Brewing Company Mad Elf, Hoppin' Frog Brewery Frosted Frog, and Brouwerij Leroy - Van Eecke Poperings Hommel Belgian IPA!

Full draft list (click to enlarge): http://bit.ly/1bUPa6q, Chef Poe and AccesSportAmerica are holding a Young Professionals Benefit at Poe's Kitchen at the Rattlesnake tomorrow night from 6-8pm! 

All funds raised support AccesSportAmerica programs, which aim to inspire higher function and fitness for people living with disabilities through high-challenge sports and training. 

Register online here: https://secure.acceptiva.com/?cst=071105 

Celebrate. Learn about AccesSport.
Network. Cooking Demo by Chef Brian Poe ...
all while enjoying beer, wine and hors d'oeuvres

Donation: $20/person., On special tonight: Juniper Berry Rubbed Elk Filet with porcini goat cheese duchess potato, porcini buttered beans & a cranberry jalapeño chutney., Did you know our full menu is served until 1:30am every night? Zagat's on it! 

'Boston After Midnight: A Dining Guide': http://bit.ly/19lTVzX

See you later?, Tonight's special: Chipotle Lime Braised Bison Short Ribs with buttered collard greens, wild boar bacon & smoked cheddar cheese grits!, “Pop It Like It’s Hot”: Every Friday from 3-6 p.m. until Dec. 27, The Revere Hotel Boston Common lobby is the setting for Taza Chocolate specialty hot chocolate drinks prepared by area celebrity chefs - and Chef Poe is one of them!

On Friday, December 20th, come try Chef Poe’s black lava salted caramel with maple candied pecans & cinnamon whipped cream!!

Story via Globe Traveler Magazine: http://bit.ly/18iDx6u

The hot chocolate is free, but customers are encouraged to make a "pay-what-you-wish" donation to the Boston nonprofit The Home for Little Wanderers., Chef Poe "smoking" whiskey with his new toy: hand held smoking gun!, Baked St. André Brie - coriander citrus roasted
beets & warm mushroom vinaigrette.

Follow Chef Poe on Instagram for more #foodpics! http://instagram.com/bpoelite, In case you missed it: Boston.com named Tip Tap one of their favorite Boston-area beer bars!

Here is the story, featured today in the Nightlife section: http://bo.st/18b2gcH, Chef Poe just put on the new Christmas Dessert!! He's calling it a "Brownie & Scotch": peppermint ice cream, pecan fudge brownie, Mary Ball cookie, mint whipped cream and scotch infused caramel., Chef Poe's special tonight: Chile and Sugar Rubbed South Texas Antelope with mushroom & bacon bread pudding, sweet potato corn and blue cheese chow-chow with red-eye gravy!, Happy Saturday! On special tonight along with the Antelope Saltimbocca (pictured below): Barbacoa de Cordero Goat Tips upon a duo of avocado & acorn squash purees, yucca frites, & guajillo chile dust., Tonight's special: Antelope Saltimbocca with trumpet royale mushroom Marsala, tagliatelle, asparagus basil purée, toasted pine nuts, asiago and tomato powder!, #tbt: The building of The Tip Tap Room. (2011-June 2012)

Top: Before the garage doors (old Shangri La storefront) 
Bottom: Construction of the bar., Chef Poe is playing with the idea of antelope saltimbocca for tonight's special!, Chef Poe's special tonight: Ginger Serrano Wild Boar Osso Bucco, cilantro roasted celery root, & plantain purée., Need more Thanksgiving recipes? Zagat's got you covered. 

Here's a list of nine recipes from Boston restaurants, including Chef Poe's Acorn Squash Salsa: http://bit.ly/1egabad, Blue Cheese Stuffed Figs wrapped in pancetta with burnt balsamic butter - only available for a week or so longer. Try them while you can!!, Coconut, Ginger & Garlic Marinated Fried Alligator with Thai chili dusted sesame sweet potatoes and coconut lemongrass broth!, Happy Saturday! Guess what Chef Poe's cooked up for tonight? 

Coconut, Ginger, & Garlic Marinated Fried Alligator!, Get into the holiday spirit tonight with Sons of Liberty Spirits Co.'s new winter release, Pumpkin Spice whiskey, used in our Leaf Blower cocktail! 

Via Examiner.com: http://exm.nr/1gRt9rh

Based out of Rhode Island, the craft whiskey distillery makes the flavorful Pumpkin Spice using fresh, locally grown pumpkins with the addition of winter spices like clove, allspice, vanilla, cinnamon and sweet orange to produce a smooth and aromatic pumpkin spice.

Leaf Blower: sons of liberty pumpkin whiskey, green mountainorganic maple liquor, apple cider, walnut bitters, prosecco, Impress your family this Thanksgiving - learn how to make Chef Poe's Acorn Squash Salsa in this BostInno article! http://bit.ly/1br7KxC, Special #2: Grilled Antelope Filet with smoky farro, sautéed chard & kale, tomato basil vinaigrette, tomato  Spanish corn pop, & basil salsa.

Follow Chef Poe on Instagram for daily #foodpics! http://instagram.com/bpoelite, Special #1 today: Portuguese style Caldo Verde a la Poe - with linguica, venison sausage, roasted pheasant, kale & potatoes. 

Perfect for a cold day., Thrilled to be named one of the "Coolest Bars and Restaurants in Boston" by Thrillist! Thank you! http://thrl.st/HR6VH4

"Here's The Tip: Eat everything done up steak tips-style from the more normal (sage peppercorn marinated turkey w/ cranberry fennel slaw, cornbread stuffing & creamed corn potatoes) to the more crazy, sexy, cool (garlic & red pepper-rubbed yak w/ fresh horseradish, shaved fennel & watercress/Meyer lemon slaw; wild boar & pork belly braised in beer w/ candied boar bacon bits).", "Get your last bite of apple flavor this year while it lasts. Just think of these dishes as delayed apple gratification."

Thanks BostInno for the shout-out to Chef Poe's Apple Carpaccio Salad - "This tasty salad comes with cinnamon sugar toasted cashew, 'Gore-Dawn-Zola' cheese and sparkling apple cider vinaigrette.": http://bit.ly/1dYe03I, Pink Peppercorn, Coriander and Toasted Fennel Rubbed Kangaroo filet with apple, thyme & onion salsa, salsify puree and an orange cinnamon vanilla reduction., And in the middle of dinner service, we ran out of elk and put on some kangaroo!, Chef Poe and Sam, the owner and guy that makes all that great beer at Jack's Abby!, TONIGHT: Come celebrate the release of Jack's Abby Brewing's "Kiwi Rising" with us! The Jack's Abby crew is running a mini pub crawl and will be at Tip Tap from 7:45pm-9pm!! 

Schedule:

Stoddard's Fine Food & Ale 6:15-7:30
Tip Tap 7:45-9
Kinsale Irish Pub & Restaurant 9 on, Chef Poe's Turkey Tips featured in Zagat today as some of the best in Boston! http://bit.ly/19zKIaK

Served with a sage-peppercorn marinade, cranberry fennel slaw and creamed-corn mashed potatoes., Election coverage will be broadcast in closed captioning all day today at Tip Tap - get out there and vote for your right to eat steak tips and drink good beer!, The cure for a chilly Monday: Chef Poe's Steak Tips with horseradish mashed potatoes, cherry peppers, and bordelaise., #ICYMI: Here's Eater Boston's #CocktailWeek Recap, featuring "The Kentucky Italian" at Tip Tap and more: http://bit.ly/184DRC2

Kentucky Italian:
1.5 oz Corner Creek Reserve Bourbon
.5 oz Casoni 1814 Apertif
.25 oz Fernet Branca
Lemon Peel Garnish 
Stirred and served in a chilled low ball glass, Tonight's blackboard specials!, Cheering on the #RollingRally at  Tip Tap! Congrats #RedSox, #WorldSeries champs!!, We open at 10am for the Rolling Rally! Be sure to get here early to grab a seat by the open windows!

Here's a Sneak Peak at our Soxtails and Draft Beerds. Go Sox!!!, Tonight's Rosemary Antelope Filet special with horseradish, truffle, rosemary vinaigrette, Brie cheese mashed potatoes and Brussel sprout & onion marmalade slaw!, #tgif: Friday night at Tip Tap! Thanks for coming out. Enjoy the weekend!, Tip Tap will be opening early tomorrow at 10am with a special fun Red Sox Parade menu created by Chef Poe + "Big Papi" and "The Beard" cocktails!

We'll also have the windows wide open so you can catch all the action. See you bright and early tomorrow!, Fantastic interview in this week's DigBoston with our own #craftbeer guru, Chris "The Professor" Sheridan: http://bit.ly/1bJZvxZ 

Current suds picks for discerning reader palates?
"St. André Baked Brie with warm, mushroom vinaigrette at Tip Tap Room. Reminds me of warm, rustling leaves once I pair it with the Dark Horse Brewing Co. Boffo Brown–malty and sweet. And most people would be like, ‘Oh my god, with baked brie, you don’t think that’s gonna overpower the flavor?’ And it’s not, the low-hop profile, it’s gonna bring the [autumn] flavors out.", Happy Halloween from Tip Tap!, Happy #HumpDay. We are serving camel today because the only people allowed to serve Cardinals are the Pope and Big Papi! Go Sox., In honor of #CocktailWeek, bartenders around town are offering a special drink all week long, created as an homage to their cocktail mentors.

Here's another close-up of ours: the Kentucky Italian, via Eater Boston: http://bit.ly/1irrh4N

"When I first started with the Wilcox Hospitality Group about 2.5 years ago," said bar manager Nick Giannotti, "I needed some guidance on the craft cocktail front. A friend of mine, Ethan Armstrong, helped me hone techniques for creating classic cocktails. He helped me write my first menu which was very 'whiskey-forward.' This was one of the drinks I created, and it's still one of my favorites.", The Tip Tap is serving up an exclusive cocktail this week in honor of Cocktail Week at Eater Boston, the Kentucky Italian by Bar Manager Nick Giannotti: http://bit.ly/18vAGmp

Come try one; available all week! 

"Kentucky Italian ($12) by bar manager Nick Giannotti — a bourbon and Fernet drink dedicated to Ethan Armstrong, who helped Giannotti write his first menu, which was very 'whiskey-forward.' The drink will be a 'blackboard special' all week."

Kentucky Italian:
1.5 oz Corner Creek Reserve Bourbon
.5 oz Casoni 1814 Apertif
.25 oz Fernet Branca
Lemon Peel Garnish 
Stirred and served in a chilled low ball glass, Chef Poe's Garlic and Basil Antelope Sirloin special tonight, with walnut & Vermont goat cheese romanesco gratin, basil walnut buttered new potatoes, and a sherry ginger orange glaze! 

Also on special:

Blue Cheese Stuffed Figs wrapped in pancetta, with burnt balsamic butter

Brussels, Bacon, and Brisket Burger with white onion & mustard seed marmalade and St. Andre Brie, served with french fries., Chef Poe's Apple Carpaccio Salad featured in Boston Event Guide! 

'How Do You Like These Apples?!' http://bit.ly/18PO34R

 Apple Carpaccio Salad – mizuna greens, cinnamon sugar toasted cashews, “Gore-Dawn-Zola” cheese, & sparkling apple cider vinaigrette, Thinking through tonight's specials... -Chef Poe, "If you’re looking to eat wild game while watching a wild game..." <---- Good one, BostInno!

Come watch the Sox in Game 2 of the World Series tonight at Tip Tap! 

'11 Bars in Boston Where You Can Watch the Red Sox, While Staying Far From Fenway': http://bit.ly/166eVgb, Our current drafts are up on the boards. Go Sox! 

Cape Ann Brewing Boulevard Beer Brooklyn Brewery Port Brewing / The Lost abbey Jack's Abby Brewing Ballast Point Brewing & Spirits Bear Republic Brewing Co. Stillwater Brewing Company, LLC Green Flash Brewing Co. Founders Brewing Co - Tap Room, Chef Poe's wild game special tonight!, Thanks Eater Boston for featuring Chef Poe's Cheese & Cracklins! 

For those more refined evenings, here's a map of some local spots boosting flavor by embracing duck fat: http://bit.ly/1c9BjKh

Cheese & Cracklins: Available on both the lunch and the dinner menu, this appetizer is comprised of fried goat cheese balls, duck fat-fried prosciutto cracklins, and grilled asparagus tips, all topped with a carrot ginger sauce., S/O to Cape Ann Brewing in Gloucester. We just put your Greenhorn IPA on and it is delicious!, Chef Poe's Rosemary & Peppercorn Rubbed Antelope Filet Special with charred leeks,Weissbier mustard caper vinaigrette, and grilled onion black quinoa! #tgif, Tonight's specials are up on the boards!, Just tapped: Dogfish American Beauty!! An Imperial pale brewed with granola, made in collaboration with the remaining members of the Grateful Dead., Tracked Down by the Boston Herald, out today: "'The Forger' star John Travolta hitting the Tip Tap Room for a late nosh after finishing up a marathon 13-hour shoot at Royale with more than 100 extras who played club-goer wannabes in line out front": http://bit.ly/GR7JuP, Then this guy came by for a late night dinner..., Brand new cocktail: The Tip Tap Room Old Fashioned. Corner Creek Bourbon, angostura bitters, sugar, lemon zest.

Cheers!, Good looking board today!

New on tap: Port Brewing / The Lost abbey Hop 15, Sierra Nevada Brewing Company Flipside, Ace Cider Pumpkin Cider, Brooklyn Brewery Cuvée La Boîte, Founders Brewing Co - Tap Room Breakfast Stout, Ithaca Beer Co. Flower Power, and Jack's Abby Brewing Mass Rising (which just won GOLD at the Great American Beer Festival for Strong Lager)!!, Here are all of our specials tonight. See you for dinner! #tgif, Chef Poe's Wild Game special tonight: Juniper & Rosemary Rubbed Venison with mustard greens, chicken mushrooms, sweet potatoes, Tettnang Hop roasted garlic & merlot vinaigrette. #tgif!, One of tonight's specials will include Tettnang hop and rosemary roasted garlic. Stay tuned! 
-Chef Poe, Brand new cocktail that came out today: The Bulldog!! Fortaleza Silver tequila, hibiscus liquor, blood orange and lime., Chef Poe's special tonight: Coriander & Thyme Rubbed Wild Boar Filet with Apple, Onion, and Thyme Salsa, Applejack Brandy & Maple Sauce, and Celery Root Purée!, Chef Poe's Antelope Meatloaf featured in Zagat's guide to '10 Fall Dishes Around Boston'! http://bit.ly/17e2QlZ

"We don't think the pilgrims would have thought to turn their cranberry harvest into cranberry jalapeño au jus. Luckily, chef Brian Poe did. He uses it for his antelope meatloaf, served with a cheesy potato cake.", Tonight's Rotating Drafts. Cheers!, Cheers to Allen Van Anda and Jamie Griffith of Lost Nation Brewing - at Tip Tap right now!!, Be the first in Mass. to try Vermont's Lost Nation Brewing Brewing's craft beer at Tip Tap! We have their Gose and Petit Ardennes on tap now. Cheers!

Gose: 4.5% ABV, 8 IBU
A traditional German beer style that was all but extinct 30 years ago. An amazingly refreshing beer brewed with coriander and sea salt. The tart, dry finish combined with the hint of salt and citrus leaves your palate craving another sip.

Petit Ardennes: 4.2% 17 IBU
The Ardennes Forrest is a region in Belgium where some of the world's best beers are produced. We used these beers as inspiration in brewing this Belgian session ale. Petit Ardennes is a light bodied blonde beer with notes of spice, herb, and tropical fruit. A very easy drinking beer with a low alcohol content that still has great flavor, Jeremy Goldberg, owner of Cape Ann Brewing with Chef Poe at Tip Tap right now!, Tonight's Wild Game Special: Wild Boar Osso Bucco with truffle shavings!, Fall Menu Close-up: Scallops with praline basil cream, cranberry fennel salsa, & celery root puree. 

Chef Poe's full new Fall Menu: http://bit.ly/1fMIC9Y, Be the first in Mass. to try Vermont's Lost Nation Brewing's craft beer at their Pub Crawl in Boston tomorrow night, which we're excited to be a part of! 

Joining us for the crawl are Stoddard's Fine Food & Ale and Kinsale Irish Pub & Restaurant.

Here's what we'll have on tap from Lost Nation: 

Gose: 4.5% ABV, 8 IBU
A traditional German beer style that was all but extinct 30 years ago. An amazingly refreshing beer brewed with coriander and sea salt. The tart, dry finish combined with the hint of salt and citrus leaves your palate craving another sip.

Petit Ardennes: 4.2% 17 IBU
The Ardennes Forrest is a region in Belgium where some of the world's best beers are produced. We used these beers as inspiration in brewing this Belgian session ale. Petit Ardennes is a light bodied blonde beer with notes of spice, herb, and tropical fruit. A very easy drinking beer with a low alcohol content that still has great flavor, null, Jennifer Glanville of Samuel Adams behind the bar with Nick right now!, Fall Menu Close-up: Buffalo Shortrib with horseradish mashed & fresh horseradish slaw! 

Chef Poe's full new Fall Menu: http://bit.ly/1fMIC9Y, Fall Menu Close-up: Monkfish | red onion, basil & fennel puree, prosciutto basil salt, & mashed sweet potatoes

Chef Poe's full brand new Fall Menu: http://bit.ly/1fMIC9Y, Chef Poe's Wild Game Special tonight: Antelope with Sweet Potatoes, Brewery Ommegang Pumpkin Creme Fraíche, Minted Pumpkin & Squash Salsa!, Fall Menu Close-up: Wagyu Flank Steak | marinated in Guinness, basil & garlic with cauliflower truffle risotto, pecorino tuile, & cabernet sauce! 

Chef Poe's full brand new Fall Menu: http://bit.ly/1fMIC9Y, Chef Poe shooting a The Morning Show - NECN segment about particular eating habits after our favorite sports teams win/lose with Special Projects Producer, Deb Halperin! 

Airing this Monday, 9/30 at 8:45am., How does our new Fall Menu look?
http://bit.ly/1fMIC9Y

Pictured:

Wagyu Flank Steak
marinated in Guinness, basil & garlic with cauliflower truffle risotto, pecorino tuile, & cabernet sauce

Scallops
praline basil cream, cranberry fennel salsa, & celery root puree

Monkfish
red onion, basil & fennel puree, prosciutto basil salt, & mashed sweet potatoes

Buffalo Shortrib
horseradish mashed & fresh horseradish slaw

Steak Au Poivre
peppercorn seared Prime N.Y. Strip, charred & buttered acorn squash & scallions, apple whiskey foie gras cream, Pre-meal with Chef Poe... Learning the new Fall Menu, out today!

Stay tuned for mouth-watering photos!, Many thanks to DigBoston for featuring Chef Poe's new fall salad, the Apple Carpaccio, in their Fall Dining issue!

Browse through all of their beautiful food photography here: http://bit.ly/19CsXVA 

Apple Carpaccio Salad—mizuna greens, cinnamon sugar toasted cashews, “Gore-Dawn-Zola” cheese, sparkling apple cider vinaigrette ($9.95 – add choice of tips for +$6.50), How good does Chef Poe's second special look? Pan Seared Scallops with Praline Basil Cream, Cranberry Salsa, and Goat Cheese Mash... yum!, Chef Poe's first special tonight: Rosemary Marinated Venison with Black Quinoa, Don's Maine Apples, Acorn Squash, Beet Salsa and Fresh Horseradish!, Fantastic photos taken by @chez_shai this past Sunday at Tip Tap. Hope to see you again soon! 

@chez_shai: "Belated photos from @PoesTipTapRoom on Sunday. So far, my favorite resto near my new job!"

Thank you!

https://twitter.com/chez_shai/, Tonight's Kangaroo Oscar special!, Tonight's wild game specials are up on the board... Happy Friday!, Today's blackboard specials are up ... Pumpkin and Beer Braised Antelope Ribs, anyone? 

Fall is here!, Chef Poe in the Boston Herald today!! 'Draft choice: Richer Pour Wine Company serving up fine wine — on tap'.

Chef Brian Poe of the Tip Tap Room serves a glass of Richer Pour wine: http://bit.ly/1aKMtB6

“I love it,” said chef of the Tip Tap Room on Beacon Hill, one of the local restaurants serving Richer Pour wine. He’s pouring their cabernet this week. “When we first heard about it, I said, ‘Yeah, we gotta serve that.’ It’s good wine. It works for us at every level.”, The second brand new salad on the fall menu, the Apple Carpaccio: Mizuna greens, cinnamon sugar toasted cashews, "Gor-dawn-zola" cheese, sparkling apple cider vinaigrette., Chef Poe's BACK with a brand new fall menu! Here's the first new salad: Chef's Salad with bibb lettuce, barley, onion, ham, quail eggs, Bardwell Farms Paulet cheese, & a malted sage vinaigrette. 

Poe will release a couple new dishes per day until the full fall menu comes out next week!, Tonight's wild game special: Basil, Garlic & Shallot Marinated Antelope Filet with au gratin potatoes and grilled asparagus!, Tonight's special, Pan Seared Sea Scallops with sweet potato puree and lobster salad, sure looks pretty ... and it tastes even better!, Tonight's game special: Rosemary Garlic and Basil Marinated Venison Flank Steak Over Blue Cheese and Bacon Mash, with spinach basil and heirloom tomatoes!, New on tap: Evil Twin Brewing Falco IPA! "Stuff is killer." 
-Nick, Tonight's game special: Mixed Grill of Antelope, Venison and Kangaroo with sweet potato purée and chicken mushrooms!, New on tap: Bear Republic Brewing Co. Tartare, Dogfish Head Beer Black and Blue, Founders Brewing Co - Tap Room Double Trouble, and Stone Brewing Co. 17th Anniversary!, Great Instagram photo of our desserts by @jbludorn this weekend! 

"Once again, @poestiptaproom kills it for #dessertanddrinks" -- Thank you!

http://instagram.com/jbludorn, Going to Boston Calling Music Festival this weekend? Stop by Sunday for our Tipsy Brunch, 10:30am—3pm!

'Music & Meals: 7 Spots by Boston Calling Festival' via Zagat: http://ow.ly/oDvhI  

"This weekend, music lovers should join the throngs and fuel up with festival-appropriate plates like waffles with beer butter and benedict with beer cheese hollandaise. Also, beer.", Thursday night at Tip Tap!, And today's rotating drafts!, Hope everyone is having a lovely Labor Day weekend! New on tap: Petrus Aged Pale (sour), Port Brewing / The Lost abbey Wipeout IPA, and Peak Organic Brewing Fresh Cut Pils. Cheers!, Thanks BostInno for the Tip Tap S/O in their Labor Day weekend guide: 'This Labor Day Weekend, Set Your Night on Fire'!! http://ow.ly/oqvrC  

"Once you’re glammed up, go for drinks at Beacon Hill’s Tip Tap Room, a popular Boston spot owned by Dining winner Chef Brian Poe.", Check out Chef Poe's Jalapeno Clam Chowder recipe in this week's Coastal Angler Magazine!, Just tapped the next Stone Enjoy By today!, Tonight's rotating drafts, cheers!, Hump day hump day hump day! You already know what's on special tonight..., Jon Hamm's trip to Tip Tap made Us Weekly's "Celebrity News"!!

"--Jon Hamm having a brunch of cornbeef hash while wearing a Red Sox ballcap at The Tip Tap Room in Boston, MA." http://ow.ly/ohgzV, New on tap and a rare one: a De proef/Cigar City collab: Tropical Tripel, a Belgian tripel aged on oak, brewed w/ coconut and peaches! #CraftBeer, Cisco Brewers Nantucket and Slumbrew representing at the Craft Brewers Guild TAP TAKEOVER!, Chef Poe's antelope special tonight! See you for dinner..., Craft Brewers Guild TAP TAKEOVER is all day today at Tip Tap! 

Featured beers on tap:
Sam adams beer Third Voyage;
Harpoon Brewery Saison Various;
Portico Brewing Company Saison Charrette;
Cape Ann Brewing Fishermans Ale;
Watch City Brewing Company Titan Brown;
Backlash Beer Co. Catalyst;
Notch Brewing The Mule;
Mystic Brewery Table Beer;
Idle Hands Craft Ales Blance de Grace;
Cisco whales tale;
Wachusett Larry;
Pretty Things Baby Tree
Jacks Abby 2nd Anniversary;
Mayflower Porter;
BBC Gold Spike;
Newburyport Plum Island/Green head; 
Slumbrew Flagraiser;
Bantam Rojo Cider, Who needs Restaurant Week when you can have chowda like this?  

Presenting Chef Poe's jalapeño clam chowder, a twist on a New England classic! It will be on special tonight at Tip Tap and throughout the weekend at Poe's Kitchen at the Rattlesnake., Chef Poe shooting a Zagat Video "How to Segment" with Managing Editor Chris Walsh today at Tip Tap!, In today's Boston Herald: TRACKED DOWN: 

"Jon Hamm of Mad Men and his actress GF, Jennifer Westfeldt, brunching at Brian Poe’s Tip Tap Room"!! http://ow.ly/o5RF0, Great "Chef's Talk" with Chef Poe in Cocktails & Joints! Read the full interview here: http://ow.ly/o4eeU 

Cheryl Fenton: The Tip Tap just had it’s first birthday. How does that make you feel, proud papa?

"It has been the most incredible year. I opened two restaurants and I’ve met so many great people in this neighborhood and in the South End. It’s been an amazing experience. I feel like I’ve gotten a restaurant degree in the past year. But there’s so much more to learn. 

I don't want to slow down. About a month and a half before I opened The Tip Tap Room, I said to my wife, ‘Honey, once I get this restaurant open I promise I’ll settle down.’ She said, ‘I’ve known you for seven years, and you aren’t going to settle down.’ I was like, ‘OK, good you understand me.’ 

I’ve found what I love. I’ve always loved cooking. All these notes pads in my office are still ideas going. It used to be, ‘Oh, I’ll save that idea for elsewhere.’ Now it’s like, ‘Let’s do that idea here.’ I don't consider it work. This is just fun.", Fresh summer truffles, tomatoes & garbanzo beans being discussed in premeal tonight for our buffalo ribeye special!, Friday night draft list is up on the boards!! Cheers!, Chef Poe's wild game special tonight is Coriander, Peppercorn, Chive & Onion Smoked Wild Boar Loin with Grilled Wild Boar Chop, chive roasted lobster mushrooms, asiago cheese, baby kale, lemon, mustard & onion vinaigrette., Chef Poe's putting together some ideas for tonight's special... Stay tuned!, Special #2: Achiote Grilled Elk with heirloom tomato salsa, blue cheese polenta cake, caramelized onions and charred poblanos, Tonight's special #1: Coca cola molasses marinated duck tips with cranberry rosemary risotto and seared foie gras., Another beautiful shot by @bdBscene last night of the Endive Radicchio Salad with tips! 

ENDIVE, RADICCHIO, & ARUGULA grilled asparagus,
toasted pine nuts, kalamata olives, parmesan
cheese, & aged balsamic vinaigrette, See you at Estelle's Southern Cuisine tomorrow!, Delicious photo taken this weekend by @bdBscene of Chef Poe's French sea salted & peanut dusted, white chocolate stuffed s'mores with white chocolate strawberry mint salsa!!

via #Twitter: https://twitter.com/bdBscene, Tonight's beer list... happy Saturday!, Chef Poe's Salmon Tips special tonight!

Red Onion, Basil, and Fennel Marinated Salmon Tips with Fennel, Red onion, and Lobster Slaw, Pink Peppercorn-cured Pork Belly and Salmon Chips, Food Coma King took this delicious photo last night of Chef Poe's Lamb Tips with a mint & shallot marinade, minted lamb glacé, goat cheese mashed potatoes, and tzatziki sauce.

Follow on Instagram here: http://instagram.com/foodcomaking 

Review: "The Tip Tap Room has a pretty interesting and intriguing menu especially if you like meat variety and are near the North End, Downtown or Beacon Hill areas. They have a wild game special that changes daily and a variety of tips to choose from (steak, lamb, turkey, chicken, swordfish, tofu). There's no outdoor seating, but they do open the wall to wall windows on warm days which is almost as good. More importantly they have 36 beers on tap.", Thank you, Boston.com for the love! We're one of their picks for best beer bars in Boston: http://ow.ly/nEkVk  

"Does the taste of delicious beer leave you hungry for food? Tip Tap Room (by its very name) implies you’ll get just that—enjoy steak or tofu tips with an impressive variety of beers on tap....", Chef Poe made Yellow Watermelon Sherbet for dessert! #tgif, Also on special tonight: Pan Seared Scallops, minted zucchini and squash blossom slaw, sweet potato pecan purée, micro mint and lemon beurre blanc, First two Friday specials tonight!

Elk Filet: butter poached chanterelle mushrooms, summer truffle, red onion and chervil slaw, baby totsoi, butter boiled fingerling potatoes 

Tomato Salad: Atlas Farm organic heirloom tomatoes, Boston lettuce, asiago cheese, with a tomato-basil vinaigrette 

More photos to come!, IPAs we have on today for #IPAday!:

Lagunitas Brewing Co Maximus 
Green Flash Brewing Co. Citra Session
Port Brewing / The Lost abbey 7th Anniversary
Ballast Point Brewing & Spirits Sculpin
Bear Republic Brewing Co. Racer 5000
Stone Brewing Co. Cali Belgique
Evil Twin Brewing Falco
Harpoon Brewery IPA
Ithaca Beer Co. Flower Power
Jack's Abby Brewing 2nd Anniversary (double IPL), Now on tap: Lagunitas Brewing Co Maximus and Port Brewing / The Lost abbey 7th Anniversary Double IPA!, Life's like a movie, write your own ending. Keep believing, keep pretending. We've done just what we set out to do. 

Thanks to the lovers, the dreamers, and you!

Thanks to The Revere Hotel Boston Common and everyone who came out last night for Chef Poe's Muppet Movie-themed Reel Chefs event. We had a blast!, The final course: Sweetums Chocolate Peanut Butter Banana Pie with Animal Crackers... Pairs nicely with a happy ending!, Chef Poe plating up Doc Hopper's French Fried Frog's Legs at the Revere Hotel #ReelChefs!, The gang's all here for The Muppet Movie with Chef Poe at the Revere Hotel! #ReelChefs, About to "release our inner Muppet" with Chef Poe at Revere Hotel!! #ReelChefs, Chef Poe's organizing the muppets for "Reel Chefs" tonight at The Revere Hotel Boston Common!, Chef Poe's Muppet Movie-themed "Reel Chefs" event at The Revere Hotel Boston Common tonight is Boston.com's Pick of the Day! http://ow.ly/nsxtF 

Poe and the Swedish Chef are in the kitchen getting ready now! 

Tix available here: http://ow.ly/mZqwz - Use promo code “ReelMuppet” and you might get $25-off! 

"PICK OF THE DAY: Dinner and a movie

It ain’t easy being green. Just ask Kermit the Frog, or the frogs on the menu at Reel Chefs, the monthly series that pairs a movie with food inspired by it.... 

Watch the adventures of Kermit, Fozzie Bear, Miss Piggy, and other lovable muppets, and dine on a three-course menu of small plates featuring Doc Hopper’s french fried frog legs with black-eyed pea and green bean salsa, Miss Bogen County Fair braised pork belly with cilantro charred tomatoes and hushpuppies, and chocolate peanut butter banana pie with animal crackers. 

July 30, 7 p.m. $50. 21+. Theatre 1, Revere Hotel, 200 Stuart St., Boston. 617-457-2618, www.reverehotel.com", Tomorrow at 7pm!! Chef Poe's showing his three-course muppet-themed menu for The Revere Hotel Boston Common's "Reel Chefs" series - Inspired Gourmet Pairings of Food & Film.

A few lucky recipients will get $25-off their tickets C/O Revere, using the promo code “ReelMuppet”!! 

Get tix here: http://ow.ly/mZqwz 

Poe's chosen a menu based on one of his favorite movies, 1979's The Muppet Movie, which includes Doc Hopper's French Fried Frog's legs, Miss Bogen County Fair braised Pork Belly, and Sweetums Chocolate Peanut Butter Banana Pie with Animal Crackers., It's Friday and the Tip Tap Surf & Turf is on special! Red Onion Ginger & Mint Marinaded Bison Tips and Shrimp with Roasted Peruvian and Red Potato Tips, Cucumber Vinaigrette and Sea Salted Dehydrated Tomatoes, Tonight's special: Antelope with grilled & chilled tomato fennel arugula salad upon Marcona almond basil pesto potato cake, New Beers on Tap: Ballast Point Brewing & Spirits Sculpin & Sixpoint Resin!, Thanks, DigBoston! Tix ($50) available here: http://ow.ly/mZqwz , Tickets are going fast for Chef Poe's Muppet Movie-themed menu for The Revere Hotel Boston Common's "Reel Chefs" series next Tuesday, July 30th! 

Tix ($50) available here: http://ow.ly/mZqwz 

Full menu via Boston.com: http://ow.ly/mZqzy

This is how excited we are! http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zClNsxF2x_g, Tonight's Wild Game Special: Elk Filet with Summer Truffle Rosemary Horseradish Vinaigrette, In honor of National #HotDogDay, Chef Poe will be serving "The All-American Buck Hunter" dog all day today! 

Ingredients: Fresh venison sausage topped with black truffle/chervil/onion slaw, wild boar bacon, Serrano chili tomato relish, jalapeños, truffle shavings, housemade potato skins with blue cheese, in toasted bun slathered with honey Dijon mustard and a basil/lime ketchup., Today's rotating drafts! #craftbeer, Does a Chef Poe-designed, Sweetums-inspired Chocolate Peanut Butter Banana Pie with Animal Crackers sound good to you?

Eat like a muppet on Tuesday, July 30th at The Revere Hotel Boston Common! For Revere's "Reel Chefs" series, Chef Brian Poe's basing his menu off of one of his favorite movies, 1979's The Muppet Movie. http://ow.ly/mZqzy  

Courses include Doc Hopper's French Fried Frog's legs, Miss Bogen County Fair braised Pork Belly, and a Sweetums dessert.

The event kicks off at 6:30pm with Muppet-themed drinks! Tickets ($50) available here: http://ow.ly/mZqwz, Photos are up of Chef Poe's cooking demo at Fork Lift Food Fest yesterday! http://ow.ly/na2k8   

Photo Credit: Dana Hatic for Boston.com

Outside The Box, Tonight's Wild Game Special is up!: Smoked Paprika Elk & Venison with Peace Poblano Salsa & Horseradish, Mashed Potatoes, Stop by for some ICE COLD beers today!

NEW on TAP: Cuvée Des Jacobins Rouge + Rodenbach Ale + Mystic Brewery Hazy Jane Saison, Chef Poe doing his cooking demo right now at Fork Lift Food Fest! His Seared elk fillet with smoked paprika and peach poblano salsa with white sangria vinaigrette is delicious., Watch Chef Poe's segment: "#FoodieFriday: Peach-Poblano Salsa"!! Jenny Johnson and Chef Poe talk about the Fork Lift Food Festival on the Morning Show on NECN! http://ow.ly/n83yR 

“I want to help make #Boston even further in the forefront of food,” said Poe., Chef Poe doing NECN's Morning Show LIVE from City Hall Plaza for Fork Lift Food Fest with Jenny Johnson!!

Poe will be demo'ing elk with a peach-poblano salsa at 12pm with Chef Gburski, and Estelle's Southern Cuisine booth is serving up "Hotter Than Hell" wings from 11am-9pm today!!

See you at City Hall Plaza!, Fork Lift Food Fest is TOMORROW! From noon-1pm, don't miss Chef Poe and Chef Gburski's FREE tag-team cooking demo at City Hall Plaza! http://ow.ly/mS8Bo

Estelle's Southern Cuisine will also have a culinary tastings booth throughout the day. See you tomorrow!, Thanks Boston's Hidden Restaurants for featuring Chef Poe's MUPPET-MENU for The Revere Hotel Boston Common's REEL CHEFS series!! http://ow.ly/n3Bqh  

Tix for the event on July 30th at 7pm ($50) available here: http://ow.ly/mZqwz 

"on Tuesday, July 30, the Revere Hotel on Stuart Street will show The Muppet Movie in Theater 1, with Brian Poe of Poe's Kitchen at the Rattlesnake, the Tip Tap Room, and Estelle's Southern Cuisine creating a muppet-themed menu for the showing. According to the event page, the three-course small-plate menu will include Doc Hopper's French Fried Frog's legs, Miss Bogen County Fair braised Pork Belly, and Chocolate Peanut Butter Banana Pie with Animal Crackers.", THIS FRIDAY: Chef Poe and Chef Gburski of Estelle's Southern Cuisine are doing a FREE tag-team cooking demo noon-1pm at City Hall Plaza as part of the Boston Fork Lift Food Fest for Outside The Box festival! 

See you there! http://ow.ly/mS8Bo, Chef Poe's teaming up with the Swedish Chef for The Revere Hotel Boston Common's "Reel Chefs" series on July 30th!! (Inspired Gourmet Pairings of Food & Film)

Poe's chosen a menu based on one of his favorite movies, 1979's The Muppet Movie! 

Tix ($50) available here: http://ow.ly/mZqwz  

Full menu via Boston.com: http://ow.ly/mZqzy, Come by for tonight's special: Cilantro Serrano Kangaroo Filet, ginger sweet potato purée and toasted Marcona almonds!, Have you tried Chef Poe's Grilled Avocado with Lobster in Black Pepper Lavender Crème Fraîche + Baked St. André's Brie with Coriander Citrus Roasted Beets & Warm Mushroom Vinaigrette appetizers yet? 

It's Friday: indulge! #tgif, Beat the heat and humidity with Sangria Popsicles! Our first test batch has been poured into the freezer., We're excited to be part of the "Boston Fork Lift Food Fest", part of the first-ever FREE Outside The Box festival! 

Chef Poe and Chef Goob are doing a free tag-team cooking demo on Friday, July 19th from 12-1 pm at City hall Plaza... see you there! http://ow.ly/mS8Bo, Finishing the meal off with Blackberry and Mast Brothers Chocolate bread pudding, paired with The Brooklyn Brewery Black Chocolate Stout!, The finished product: Kangaroo Tartare with a Yuzu Gremolata, paired with Brooklyn Brewery Sorachi Ace, Chef Poe and Chef Gerson of The Brooklyn Brewery combining forces to plate the Kangaroo Tartare with a Yuzu Gremolata, Chef Poe and The Brooklyn Brewery's Chef Andrew Gerson discussing wild game and getting ready to cook for our beer dinner tonight! #bostonmash

Call (857) 350-3344 for seats!, Tonight's the night, we're so excited! The Brooklyn Brewery's #BostonMash LOCAL 2 WAYS beer dinner hits Tip Tap! 

Tickets are still available: (857) 350-3344 - Get them while you can!

Chef Poe & Brooklyn Brewery House Chef Andrew Gerson join gastronomical forces to create a multi-course beer dinner, interpreted two ways. Menu here: http://ow.ly/mPy1Z 

A portion of the proceeds benefit Slow Food Boston., Great photos taken last night by @mayahauer of Chef Poe's French sea salted & peanut dusted, white chocolate stuffed s'mores with white chocolate strawberry mint salsa + Strawberry Salad with mint vinaigrette, butter toasted hazelnuts, goat cheese and mizuna greens! 

Verdict: "Ohmygoodness the s'mores @PoesTipTapRoom. Well done @bpoelite.", Not many tickets remain for tomorrow night's Local 2 Ways Beer Dinner with The Brooklyn Brewery! (857) 350-3344 - Get them while you can!

Thx Craft Brewers Guild!, Thanks BostInno for featuring Chef Poe's Signature Strawberry Salad in this "8 Must-Try Summer Salads From #Boston Restaurants" piece as part of the Summer Lyft Off series!

"Chef Brian Poe of The Tip Tap Room recalls an inspiration for one of his signature salad's during a trip to the Redwood Forest in Northern California. 'We went about 20 feet off the road and we picked our lunch of wild strawberries. That day I created a salad idea that I have put on my menu every season since 2002.'

The refreshing strawberry salad features mint vinaigrette, butter toasted hazelnuts, goat cheese and mizuna greens, available at The Tip Tap Room.", Tickets are going fast for our "Local 2 Ways" beer dinner with The Brooklyn Brewery this Wednesday!! http://ow.ly/mAWHV #bostonmash

Reserve your spot now by calling us at (857) 350-3344!!

A portion of the proceeds will benefit Slow Food Boston.

See you on the 10th!

Menu is locally sourced and collaboratively constructed by Chef Brian Poe & Brooklyn Brewery House Chef Andrew Gerson! Featuring Cheese & Cracklings paired with Crouchet Rouge Riesling (Ghost Bottle) + "Tips 2 Ways" pairs with Brooklyn Local 2!, Happy #4thofJuly!!! Celebrate with some MEAT like this All-American Venison Hot Dog!, Tonight's Wild Game Special: Lemongrass pink peppercorn and Hennepin marinated elk filet with cucumber lavender slaw, #FreshlyTapped: Ommegang Witte & St. Feuillien Triple!, Menu's up for our beer dinner with The Brooklyn Brewery   next Wednesday!! http://ow.ly/mAWHV #bostonmash

Tickets are $50; call for reservations: (857) 350-3344.

A portion of the proceeds will benefit Slow Food Boston!

See you on the 10th!, #VOTEPOE as he reps #Boston in Thrillist's Nation-wide 
"Most America-est Hot Dog" Contest by "LIKING" this photo!! 

"Ladies and gentlemen, there you have it: Chef Brian Poe and the most patriotic wild boar bacon/venison dog you've ever tried to eat while humming the national anthem.", Get pumped for Chef Poe's annual 4th of July favorite: French sea salted & peanut dusted, white chocolate stuffed s'mores with white chocolate strawberry mint salsa!, We're honored to be named #Boston’s Best in Improper Bostonian Magazine for the “Neighborhood – Beacon Hill” category!!, COUNTDOWN: 10 days until Chef Poe joins gastronomical forces with Brooklyn Brewery House Chef Andrew Gerson in the name of all that is local and good!

Join us here on July 10th for Local 2 Ways, a collaborative and memorable multi-course beer dinner! A portion of the proceeds will benefit Slow Food Boston.

Facebook event: http://ow.ly/mytkt, Chef Poe is repping Boston amidst 17 chefs in a national Thrillist contest for who can make the Most America-est Hot Dog!!

Hit "LIKE" to vote for his "ALL-AMERICAN BUCK HUNTER" VENISON DOG: http://ow.ly/mxVkf (voting ends Wednesday)

*topped with black truffle/chervil/onion slaw, wild boar bacon, Serrano chili tomato relish, jalapeños, truffle shavings, housemade potato skins with blue cheese, in toasted bun slathered with honey Dijon mustard and a basil/lime ketchup. 

READ MORE on the magic behind the making of his dog here: http://ow.ly/mxW39, Some #taps to pair with your #tips on this beautiful day: 
-Ithaca Beer Co. Flower Power
- Jack's Abby Brewing 2nd Anniversary
- Sierra Nevada Brewing Company's NEW Summer Fest!, Tonight's kangaroo special with red currant onion salsa and red currant strawberry reduction, Even Zuess & Bolt stopped by to see the elk, antelope, venison and kangaroo special board and to have an ice cold beverage!, Join us here on July 10th for multi-course beer dinner Local 2 Ways, part of The Brooklyn Brewery's #BostonMash: http://ow.ly/mu0gl 

"Industry vet and restaurateur Chef Brian Poe is known for his unpretentious and effortlessly cool spots Poe's Kitchen at the Rattlesnake, Estelle's Southern Cuisine and the Tip Tap Room."

Chef Poe will be teaming up with Brooklyn Brewery House Chef Andrew Gerson, who's "spent 10 years in kitchens on both sides of the pond, advocating for food trucks, running his own pasta company and getting his Masters in Food Communication from the University of Gastronomic Sciencs in Pollenza, Italy."

Locally sourced and collaboratively constructed, this beer dinner will also benefit Slow Food Boston!, The Brooklyn Brewery's #BostonMash comes to our city July 9th through the 14th!

Join us here on July 10th for LOCAL 2 WAYS! Chef Poe & Brooklyn Brewery House Chef Andrew Gerson will join gastronomical forces to create a multi-course beer dinner, interpreted two ways: http://ow.ly/ms0mX 

A portion of the proceeds benefit Slow Food Boston., Happy Hump Day! 

In honor of Hump Day, our Wild Game Special is Ras El Hanout Spiced Braised Camel with tabbouleh!, We also have Dark Horse Brewing Co.'s Double Crooked Tree IPA! It's a huge 12% double IPA. #craftbeer, We snagged a lone case of this beauty: Terra Incognita, a collaboration beer from Sierra Nevada Brewing Company and Boulevard Brewing Company! It's an ale aged in whiskey barrels., Wow, it's hot out there! 

Good thing we've got Ballast Point Brewing & Spirits's Fathom Indian Pale Lager and Stone Brewing Co.'s Tropical Heat Ruination (a double IPA brewed with habanero and mango, only TWO KEGS in the state)!!, A photo of tonight's special: Venison with Dogfish Head Festina Pêche Potato Salad, Chervil & Truffle Shaving Slaw, Wild Boar Bacon & Tomato Relish, Tonight's special is on the board!

Orange, Maple, Basil and BEER Elk Filet and citrus, lobster, cous-cous salad with orange basil salsa!, "I’ve learned that opening a business in #BostonStrong is one of the most rewarding and exciting learning experiences I could have ever imagined."

In honor of our 1st birthday, Chef Poe dishes on what he's learned during year one in Boston Herald's The Edge! http://ow.ly/mbtxD, Today is our One Year Birthday here at Tip Tap! What an amazing year it's been! Thank you to all of our loyal customers., Now on draft: Bear Republic Brewing Co. Red Rocket, Green Flash Brewing Co. Hop Odyssey, Pretty Things Beer & Ale Project Baby Tree, Firestone Walker Brewing Co. Double Jack and Stone Brewing Co. Ruination!, Tonight's specials are up on the board!, Tonight's special: Garlic thyme oregano marinated Llama Tenderloin with chorizo paella, Peruvian potato & Serrano tomato salsa.

Is llama not your thing? We're also serving the Yak Burger tonight!, Check out Chef Poe in BostInno's "Boston Chefs Weigh In: What Strawberry Season Means For You"!!

"We went about 20 feet off the road and we picked our lunch of wild strawberries. That day I created a salad idea that I have put on my menu every season since 2002.”

What salad, you ask? The Strawberry salad with mint vinaigrette, butter toasted hazelnuts, goat cheese and mizuna greens., New drafts: Rodenbach's Grand Cru, Avery Brewing Company's The Maharaja Imperial IPA, Ballast Point Brewing & Spirits Black Marlin Porter and Lagunitas Brewing Co Boston Fusion 14!, The sun is out and so is our special! Lemongrass and Basil Buttered Scallops with Citrus Potato, Cucumber, & Lobster Salad, Chef Poe is honored to participate in The Urban Grape's 
June 23 Summer Send-off pop-up, 'Grilling with Rioja'!
http://ow.ly/lMurC 

"Despite the wine world’s love of Rioja Wine España, many Americans pigeon-hole the wines and think they can only be enjoyed with Spanish tapas. We’re here to blow the lid of that myth with the help of a quintessential American chef, Brian Poe. 

Through his three restaurants - Poe's Kitchen at the Rattlesnake, the The Tip Tap Room, and Estelle's Southern Cuisine  - Brian has infused food influences from around the world into a culinary background that started with classic Southern food cooked by his grandmother. The result is a mash-up of flavors and techniques that have made him one of Boston’s favorite chefs.", Tonight's rotating drafts and game specials. Stay tuned for photos!, Tonight's special: Habanero wild boar carnitas, steamed corn, queso fresco and cayenne potato dumplings, Deviant Dale of Oskar Blues Brewery stopped by! Here he is with Chef Poe., Thanks BostInno for including us in "9 Must-Try Boston Burgers in Honor of National Burger Day": http://ow.ly/lwwlN

"The burgers are big, meaty and juicy at the Tip Tap Room in Beacon Hill, and come in three varieties: steak, lamb and turkey.", Here's a photo of tonight's Memorial Day Special: cilantro, scallion and Allagash Blonde Ale roasted rabbit saddle upon carrot ginger and sweet pea sauces, Celebrate Memorial Day with tonight's special: cilantro, scallion Allagash Blonde Ale roasted rabbit saddle upon a duo of carrot ginger and sweet pea sauces with peas & carrots salsa, Tonight's Special #2: Beer Barbecued Bison & Pork Ribs with Green Tomato, Corn and Pepperoncini Relish, and Beer & Malt Vinegar Celery Root Fries, Tonight's Thai Barbecue Braised Spicy Wild Boar Dumplings with spicy sesame, habanero, scallion, Minted Ginger Slaw Special, 3 Specials Tonight:

Thai Barbecue Braised Spicy
-Wild Boar Dumplings-
With SPICY Sesame, Habanero,  Scallion, Mint Ginger Slaw

Beer Barbecued 
-Bison & Pork Ribs-
Green Tomato, Corn and Pepperonchini Relish
Beer & Malt Vinegar Celery Root Fries 

Chile Garlic Marinated 
-Elk Chop-
Oaxaca Mashed Potatoes, Peach & Basil Chutney, Wild Ramp Reduction, Tonight's Game Special: Chile garlic marinated grilled elk chop topped with peach basil chutney, Oaxaca cheese mashed Poe-tatoes & ramp sauce, TGIF! Here's our rotating drafts for today., As promised, here's a photo of tonight's special:

Antelope, Venison & Kangaroo upon Morel Mushroom and Wild Ramp Couscous Salad and Lime Infused Feta Cheese., Tonight's special is Antelope, Venison & Kangaroo upon Morel Mushroom and Wild Ramp Couscous Salad and Lime Infused Feta Cheese.

Stay tuned for a mouth-watering photo!, Tonight's Special: 
Buttermilk, Garlic & Herb Marinated 
Chicken Fried Frog's Legs 
with Black Eyed Pea, Green Bean and Sweet Pea Salsa and Corn Meal Crusted Fried Green Tomatoes in Creamed Corn Basil Sauce, In addition to kangaroo, we'll be doing some summer + Southern dishes tonight. Fried Frog's Legs, anyone? Details to come., Tonight's special: Shawarma spiced rubbed kangaroo filet with tabboulleh and tahini!, Thanks Zagat Survey! Our Tipsy Brunch is featured in "8 Great New Brunch Spots in Boston and Beyond" 

Brie and truffle omelet, anyone?, Boston chefs are a class act at Boston Bites Back!, Chef Poe's wild game special tonight ... Stay tuned for a photo!, Happy Mother's Day! We're celebrating with Tip Tap Benedict at Tipsy Brunch., Tonight's special: Pancetta and Basil Wrapped Tautog upon a duo of avocado and acorn squash purées with sun-dried strawberry and cognac reduction, A photo of tonight's special! 

Crystalized fennel, mint and Baxter Brewing Co. Summer Swelter-marinated antelope filet topped with spring vegetable sweet pea and mint slaw with charred and chilled Poe-tatoes, Tonight's special: Crystalized fennel, mint and Baxter Brewing Co. Summer Swelter-marinated antelope filet topped with spring vegetable sweet pea and mint slaw with charred and chilled potatoes 

Photo coming soon... here's a teaser for now: the spring vegetable sweet pea and mint slaw!, Tonight's special: Surf, Turf & Foie: Pan Seared Scallop, Herb Grilled Venison & Foie Gras with parmesan truffle & basil grilled potato, chanterelle mushroom, parsnip and Brussels sprout butter, Poe's Kitchen at the Rattlesnake's grilled avocado decided to come over to the Tip Tap to play!, It's kangaroo Friday: grilled kangaroo topped with rhubarb chutney upon parsnip purée., Chef Poe will be one of the 100 chefs cooking outside Fenway Park for Boston Bites Back on May 15, a fundraiser to raise $1 million for The One Fund Boston.

Tickets can be purchased here: http://bostonbitesback.eventbrite.com/, Tonight's special: horseradish rosemary marinated elk tenderloin with sautéed wild mushrooms and Brie cheese mashed potatoes., Rundown Boston featured Chef Poe's wild game burgers in their "Bliss on a Bun" piece - where to go for National Burger Month in Boston! (starts May 1)

"Exotic: chef Brian Poe will be offering a different eight-ounce game burger (as in antelope, elk, buffalo and yes, even yak) each week for the whole month.", Tonight's special: Jalapeño tequila marinated kangaroo asada w. charred poblano and ancho chili sauces, mashed Poe-tatoes & tortilla ribbons, Tonight's special....Stay tuned for a mouth-watering photo!, Tonight's game special: Cajun spice and buttermilk fried alligator with sausage gravy, pork belly bacon greens and parsley mashed Poe-tatoes, In addition to our antelope special this evening, Chef Poe will also be featuring: fire and ice braised bison short ribs- rubbed with brown sugar, crushed red pepper, mint, citrus cognac and ginger, with a ginger cherry tomato mint salsa and crushed red pepper garlic mashed potatoes., They lifted the ban, we lifted our windows. Tip Tap is open- welcome home neighbors., Chef Poe's here at Taste of the Nation. Stop by the Tip Tap table and try our grilled asparagus with carrot ginger vinaigrette, goat cheese and fried poe-sciutto. http://t.co/zGP2yfjFfP, Tonight's Special #2: Peppercorn garlic marinated antelope filet with fennel, celery root radish salsa and horseradish mashed potatoes., Tonight's Special #1: Dueling Beer Bellies: Beer braised boar belly with green chile & Smoked beer braised pork belly with bacon blue cheese mashed potatoes., The Tip Tap Room is open. Please stop by if you're in the area. #BostonStrong, Some of the appetizers on Chef Poe's new spring menu!, "Chef Brian Poe’s restaurant and bar opened this summer and has become one of the trendiest spots around. For those looking to be part of the 'scene,' Tip Tap Room is a fitting choice." 

Thanks to The Boston Globe for featuring us in their nightlife guide!, Here's our rotating tap list for tonight, cheers!

Tröegs Brewing Company The Brooklyn Brewery Bear Republic Brewing Co. Wachusett Brewing Company Backlash Beer Co. Harpoon Brewery Lagunitas Brewing Co, Our new “Spiteful Yet Delightful Spritzer” mocktail featured in Fox News Magazine! 

Totally refreshing for Spring., Tonight's Wild Game Special:

POE'S SURF + TURF (!!!): Lemon marinated grilled shrimp over polenta grit lobster cake, grilled buffalo filet with cherry tomato, bleu cheese, tasso ham salsa., Chef Poe making last minute changes for tonight's NEW Spring Menu!, Not up for the hard stuff? It doesn't mean you're drinking water or soda. Our new spring cocktail menu includes a lineup of "mock'tails", including the Spiteful Yet Delightful Spritzer., Join Chef Poe and an amazing group of Boston’s finest chefs, wineries, beers and specialty cocktail makers on April 18, 2013 to end childhood hunger:, We also trained the staff on our new spring food menu, available later this week., Too early for cocktails? Not for our crew. Training on the new spring drink menu this morning., New brunch item: Antelope meatloaf with an egg. Get a little wild at brunch!, Cheers to National Beer Day! (Gotta love when it falls on a Sunday for Tipsy Brunch.), Our lobster corn soup special is served table side. Fun presentation!, One of the six (!!!) specials we're offering tonight. Pork Porterhouse with basil & onion marinade, avocado, chanterelle mushroom & tomato salsa, mushroom glace. Love getting to play around in the kitchen as we prepare our spring menu!, Getting ready to launch a new lunch menu. This is the Pork Sandwich. Bacon, Tasso ham, bacon with charred tomato, blue cheese, and jalapeño., Before we opened today, we had a little surprise party for our favorite butcher and good friend Uriel. Happy birthday!, Tonight's Special: South African spice rubbed elk filet with grilled quail, sweet pea and blue cheese risotto, and ramps $23.95. And in other breaking news, the yak burger is back!, It may not feel like spring today, but it's coming. We promise. Our Spring Salad will grow on you as the season continues., Happy Easter! The Tip Tap Room is closed for the holiday. We apologize for any inconvenience--see you again Monday!, Love spending time with Jenny and Billy from TV Diner! Thanks for playing in the kitchen, you guys., The Spring Salad, plated., Another three-special evening., Can't wait for Easter to have some lamb? Eater Boston recommends our lamb burger., One of tonight's three specials: Cilantro Lime & Hazelnut Seared Salmon with Serrano chile crab cake, mango hazelnut puree & black lava sea salted cilantro lime pomme frites. Also have buffalo and kangaroo!, Warm enough to open the windows a little? We think so., Lunch special: Coriander peppercorn grilled tuna sandwich with pink peppercorn soy aioli and micro wasabi greens on "a sesame seed bun.", A brief Poe-gramming note: We will be CLOSED for Easter. Sorry for any inconvenience., It's unusual for a chef to be happy to be on fire... thanks, BostInno., And our drafts for the evening., Tonight's special: Cilantro ginger marinated buffalo with sherry sugared baby carrots and onions and ginger bearnaise sauce, Chef Poe working on tonight's special., The second special tonight: Pan Seared Halibut with Crispy Potatoes with Meyer Lemon, Tomato Basil Salsa. (The antelope special is also still on.) Happy Friday!, One of tonight's three specials: Dueling Banjos.
Estelle's Southern Cuisine fried chicken & sausage gravy with Cajun spiced pork belly, Serrano chicharrones, potato salad and curly potato fries., Duck fat is our Crisco. Cajun pork belly braising away., Cajun pork belly getting ready..., Holy cow (antelope, monkfish, kangaroo), we're in Munch Madness! Voting is happening now., Trying out taking video of the nightly special. Tonight we have Cabernet vinaigrette marinated Antelope, shiitake, sweet pea, bacon mint risotto in an asiago tuille. With fava bean sweet pea & bacon salsa and Cabernet jelly. Worth braving the... whatever is falling out of the sky right now for., Wow... thanks to Thrillist for saying we're one of the 47 best spots to eat and drink in Boston., Gaelic mixed grill for tonight's special. Guinness marinated wagyu steak topped with corned Pekin duck, corn beef and cabbage mashed potatoes and grilled corned beef tips., Potatoes for tonight's special., Working out the details of some Irish-inspired specials for the day... stay tuned. And happy St. Patrick's Day!, Monkfish special., Happy St. Patrick's Day weekend! Get your celebration started., Tonight's special: Crushed Red Pepper, Garlic  & Parsley Marinated
Venison Flank Steak Over Horseradish Mashed Potatoes, with a Caramelized Onion, Brown Sugar Toasted Walnut and Great Hill Blue Cheese Relish, Fried Onion Rings and Juniper Berry Red Wine Reduction., One of the three specials tonight. Scallops, a mixed grill of wild boar and kangaroo, and bronzini. Hop to it!, The Wild Boar Chop special., It's the weekend. Game on., Looks like a great day to open the windows..., One hour until Stone's Enjoy By is on! Another thing to enjoy: tonight's special. Shiitake rosemary and maple whiskey marinated antelope with cauliflower truffle risotto and crispy kale., Tomorrow. 5pm. Who's in?, Cilantro garlic and ginger marinated kangaroo, scallion rice cake with a sautee of sesame soy baby bok choy and mushroom slaw $21.95. See you tonight?, Friday special: Seafood paella made with wild game sausages., And special #2: Duck fat braised bison short rib with fava bean pine nut purée, pickled parsnip and carrot slaw and Cabernet vinaigrette., One of today's specials: Pan seared golden bass, roasted bell pepper roasted potatoes, olive and basil salsa, and a drizzle of garlic oil., Today's special: Basil garlic marinated antelope with celery root radish salsa and horseradish potatoes., Tipsy Brunch. Sunday at last!, Beer geek siren., Your Thursday just got a whole lot thirstier., Nearly time for beer!, Thrilled to have this rare brew on tap!, Tuesday night special: Red Wine and Horseradish braised half rack of antelope ribs with celery root puree., After all that salad, you deserve a beer., We think you can make friends with salad. Our Winter Salad of Celery is Roasted Celery Root, Celery Root Chips, Celery Leaves, Celery, Shaved Parmesan, Watermelon Radish, Black Radish, Sea Salted Walnuts, Fennel and Red Wine Dijon Vinaigrette., Keep the love going all weekend. Stop in for dinner and stay for dessert. Our Hot Sticky Mess (Hazelnut & Chocolate Waffle with White Chocolate Chip Marshmallow Butter & Chocolate Caramel Maple Sauce) is meant to be shared., What's everybody worried about? Just another day at the office here at the Tip Tap..., From our Love Game menu: Tuna tartar, pickled ginger wasabi sorbet., Tonight the Elk special is back. We've also got a Coca-Cola and Molasses Marinated Beef Tenderloin with Cranberry Risotto special. And we're gearing up for the Love Game for Valentine's Day weekend., Tonight's Special: Horseradish marinated elk tenderloin with horseradish truffle roasted celery root salsa., If the snowstorm put you behind in your Valentine's Day planning, don't worry. Step up your Love Game at the Tip Tap. Our specials will be available Valentine's Day through Saturday., We almost have all the snow cleared, opening at 5 pm so stop by and get your Tip Tap on..., Due to the snow, we are closed for now. We'll let you know when we are back. Thanks for your patience!, Come snow or hail, we'll still have ale. We'll be here tomorrow and Saturday for all your tips and taps needs. Travel safely!, Tonight's Special, All this snow talk has us craving comfort food. Tonight's special is Kangaroo Salisbury Steak on Brie and Ricotta Au Gratin Potatoes, Truffle and Scallion Wild Mushrooms, and an Onion Ring., Everyone deserves a sweet treat, even if you're trying to tame your sweet tooth., Tonight's special is Super Bowl of chili. Super spicy and made with boar, venison, yak, kangaroo, elk, ostrich, and antelope. With tons of chiles and served in a Super Bowl., The Tip Tap Room will be closed on Monday, 2/4, for a staff party. We'll be back first thing Tuesday. Sorry for any inconvenience., Don't save all your appetite for the Super Bowl. It's time for Tipsy Brunch!, Tonight's special: Chervil & Garlic Marinated Kangaroo with
Beacon Hill Bacon Roasted Brussels Sprouts, Duck Fat Roasted Yucca, Yukon Gold Potato and Celery Root home fries, and Crispy kale., Gotta hop to it. Prepping the kangaroo special for tonight..., null, Halfway through the week. We think you've earned a little something special., Snow is falling on Beacon Hill. Wait out rush hour with a beer. Maybe the freshly-tapped Backlash Beer Co. Famine? Check out tasting notes from the brewer here: http://backlashbeer.com/2013/01/16/famine-tasting-notes/, It's Saturday night! Let's have a few. And brunch tomorrow, maybe?, Baby got Yak (Burger).
And Basil and Garlic Marinated Antelope Tips with Chive Butter Spaetzle and a Lagunitas Brewing Co Gnarly Wine & Grain Mustard Reduction., Special guests in the Mayor's Corner tonight: the three guys in charge at the Rattlesnake!, We love our beer, but we've got lots of love for wine too! Check out our draft wine from Richer Pour., Game on for lunch! We've got a Venison Pastrami sandwich with spicy pickles and horseradish truffle vinaigrette for $11.95. Brave the cold and give it a try., We got chilly. So we decided to heat things up with some chilis., Watching this video gets me all psyched up for Burrito Bowl III at Poe's Kitchen at the Rattlesnake on February 2. Hoping to bring the giant pinata to Beacon Hill this year..., BostInnovation.com named our brunch its Dish of the Week. Which of the dishes is your favorite?, Whether you're enjoying the last drink of a long holiday weekend or stopping by for an after-work drink, we've got you covered. Bantam Cider Wunderkind cider is on now!, Thirsty?, Antelope ribs. Brave a chilly night for some unique comfort food., Now on draft: Green Flash Palate Wrecker. Happy Thursday!, Tonight's Special: Garlic and Basil Marinated Antelope over Roasted Rutabaga puree topped with Charred Leek and Cauliflower Salsa & Castillo de Monseran & green peppercorn reduction., Can't wait for this event. Keeps the party going all Super Bowl weekend long. , Hey. That's MY job. (Love seeing Jenny Johnson - NECN and Billy Costa for a TV Diner taping!), Hello, lovely lady., An hour left on brunch, for those who had a REALLY fun Saturday night., Making some changes to the specials for Friday night., Firestone Walker Double Jack Double IPA now on!, Two new specials for your Wednesday night. Hello, kangaroo., Fight back against the Mondays with our new lunch menu! Available until 4pm Monday-Saturday., It's finally here! Tipsy Brunch now until 3pm today!, Before brunch comes cocktails. Check out our new offerings! http://ow.ly/gzaTy, It's been an awfully long short week. You've earned a beer! Check out our draft specials., Kids still a little stir-crazy from winter break? Put them to work as your sous chef! Chef Poe offers up some kid-friendly recipes you can try at home., We're psyched for Sunday Brunch, but before that we've got to tackle lunch. Our new lunch menu with tips, salads and sandwiches starts today! Get away from the office and come check it out., Venison Chop marinated in Pomegranite and Rosemary with Acorn Squash infused mashed potatoes and Pomegranite Rosemary sauce is tonight's special. And the Yak burger is back!, This Sunday, brunch arrives at the Tip Tap., Resolved to try new things in 2013? Get started tonight! The special is a mixed grill with Antelope and Kangaroo, celery root puree and pumpkin salsa., Tonight's special: Mahi mahi with lobster, celery apple slaw, roasted celery root and champagne brown sugar vinaigrette., It's coming..., Tonight it's kangaroo au poivre, venison Osso bucco and a 12 oz Prime NY Strip with sage potato chips., Merry Christmas and happy holidays from everyone at the Tip Tap! We're closed for the holiday--back tomorrow., Need a beer after braving the crowds? We're here til 8pm tonight. (And we do have gift cards if you need a stocking-stuffer. Fits better than an actual antelope.), Over at the Rattlesnake, they're pouring Stone Brewing Co. Vertical Epics with some of Chef Russell's Mayan-style snacks. No more doom and gloom--it's time to celebrate! , If the world doesn't end tomorrow, we've got to get serious about that New Year's resolution: Brunch., Thanks, Boston Globe! Glad to be best of the new., Beer-o-clock at last!, The Alligator is back tonight, along with a Rosemary Marinated Petit Elk Loin topped with Roasted Pecans upon Squash and Pumpkin Puree with Cranberry Fennel and Pecan Salsa and Rosemary Sauce. Come warm up with us!, Tonight's specials., Venison special., It's been a busy day in the kitchen. Have a whole bunch of specials: soup, burger, wild game, appetizer... check them out!, A trio of specials tonight. Mixed grill of Antelope, Elk, and Kangaroo; Pan-Seared, Garlic-Rubbed Monkfish, and a taster of Chipotle and Bauchant Cognac Braised Boar Shoulder., Breaking up is hard to do. But our girl Lori makes it easier with some Jameson. (Or Blanton's bourbon, if things have gotten very difficult.), Special: Proscuitto and Basil wrapped Pan Seared Antelope with Julies Echter Veal Stock Reduction, Sweet Potato Mash and a Chestnut Honey Glaze., Had a few too many Enjoy By IPAs last night? Let Chef Poe ease the pain with his hangover recovery tips. (Get it? Tips? OK.), Beef with hop dusted foie gras and hop stock reduction., Hopping into the kitchen to make our Enjoy By IPA-inspired specials., It's go time!, One hour to go!, We're even more excited than usual for 5pm. Poe's Kitchen at the Rattlesnake and the Tip Tap have two of the last four kegs of Stone Brewing Co.'s Enjoy By IPA in the state. Read all about the beer here, and taste it (and some hops-infused food specials) tonight. , About 25 hours until we tap our keg of Stone Brewing Co. Enjoy By IPA, along with Poe's Kitchen at the Rattlesnake. Going to nail down the final details of the specials we're working on to pair with the brew..., Tonight's Special: Rosemary and Dijon-marinated Elk Loin with Blue Cheese Mashed Potatoes and rosemary peppercorn reduction., Can't wait to have some more keg-tapping fun with Poe's Kitchen at the Rattlesnake. This time, we're working with Stone Brewing Co.
Enjoy By IPA. Hope you're free on Thursday..., We're always ready to talk turkey. Had a blast cooking Turkey Tips with 7NEWS - WHDH and the Dish!, We're thankful for tips, taps, wild game, and all of you who've enjoyed what we're doing here on Beacon Hill. We're closed for Thanksgiving. See you tomorrow!, We're cooking up tips and pouring beer from the taps all night long. Get the holiday weekend started off with something other than turkey., Our friends over at Poe's Kitchen at the Rattlesnake are hosting this event for Globe Santa one week from today. Such a great way to get into the holiday spirit and help families in need., Keep Calm and Thanksgiving On, with a little help from Chef Poe., From the "taps" department: We're thrilled to say Stone Brewing Co. "Enjoy By" is on its way to the Tip Tap!, Yak flat iron with Brussels sprout and Jerusalem artichoke hash., The Boston Herald says the Boar Meatballs are some of the best in Boston. Have you had them yet?, Here's a glimpse of what's happening over in the South End... , The final Companion Ale Dish! Habanero & Crushed Red Pepper Rubbed Wild Boar Rack with Apple Leek & Celery Root Slaw and Celery Root Puree--it's spicy! 
Had a great time playing with Poe's Kitchen at the Rattlesnake's Chef Shawn to develop these specials. Thanks to beer guru Chris Sheridan for making this happen., Searing the Wild Boar for tonight's Companion Ale special... check out what Chef Shawn has been up to at the Poe's Kitchen at the Rattlesnake page!, Roasting celery root in The Brooklyn Brewery Beer for our Poe's Kitchen at the Rattlesnake and Tip Tap Companion Ale special., A better view of the ingredients..., It's time for a little friendly competition in honor of The Brooklyn Brewery Companion Ale! Chef Poe and Poe's Kitchen at the Rattlesnake's Chef Russell will be using the same few ingredients to develop a special that pairs with the Companion Ale. Both restaurants will tap a keg of this amazing brew around 5pm today. Guess that explains how these habaneros got into the Tip Tap..., Tonight's special: Beacon Hill Bacon and Basil Wrapped Antelope Filet with Celery Root, Avocado, Pumpkin Salsa and Pumpkin Infused Potato and a Peppercorn Brandy Sauce, Hang in there. Only a little more than an hour left until you can have one of these!, The Tip Tap Team meets a baseball player friend of mine..., Lots of roo selling tonight..., It's been a Long (Campaign) Trail. A little election humor in the special tonight..., Thanks to Eater Boston for the nomination! Having a hard time believing that my name is in with those hugely talented chefs., Tonight's Game Special: Pheasant pot pie topped with crispy pheasant, pie crust & puff pastry with maple marinated, pancake batter fried pheasant wing for $16.95. 
And the Celtics home opener. A special game of a different sort., Tonight's special:  Habenero and Cilantro Braised Goat Leg, Shoulder & Chop with Sweet Potato Fries, Lime Curry Creme Fraiche and Curry Crushed
Red Pepper Sweet Potato Match Sticks $18.95, DigBoston has nominated us as best "Gastropub" in their annual Dig This Awards. Works for us! We'd appreciate your vote--thank you!, Thanks to BostInnovation.com for naming the Potato appetizer one of the best dishes in the entire city!, Happy Halloween from our crew to yours., And we're back! So are the antelope short ribs., Glad our staff could spend the day in a safe place--be it at home or with friends at other bars that remained open. So far, so good here in Beacon Hill., Come get your tips and taps tonight--we've decided it's safest for our staff if we close tomorrow (Monday) due to the hurricane. Thanks so much for understanding, and hopefully we'll be back at it on Tuesday. Stay safe!, It's a tough job. But someone's got to do it., Rocking the ginger, whiskey, and coffee marinated kangaroo for a second night. Happy Wednesday!, Had a great meeting with The Brooklyn Brewery Brewmaster Garrett Oliver last week. Can't wait to have The Companion here and at Poe's Kitchen at the Rattlesnake!, Tonight's Special: Ginger, Whiskey and Coffee Marinated Kangaroo with Ginger, Whiskey, Coffee Sauce and Gruyere Corn polenta cakes., Bacon! Thanks, Zagat Survey., Cooking with the weather today- Smoked Baby Back Wild Boar Ribs with Elk Chile and Butter Baked Sweet Potato stuffed with Blue Cheese & Scallions for tonight., So many specials we might need a bigger chalkboard. Mixed grill of cranberry coriander and sage marinated elk and ostrich is new to the mix! http://thetiptaproom.com/todays-game-special/, Just say no to drugs. Especially when you're working in a kitchen. Thanks, Grub Street, for sharing this story., Tonight's duck special! Full menu til late: come try it out!, We've had a lot of requests for the Baked Brie appetizer and Antelope Meatloaf entree. They're both on the specials board, along with Apple Cider & Parsley Marinated Duck. A little midweek treat for you!, Which of our cocktails is your favorite?, The finished bison special., Tonight's Game Special., Basil and Red Onion Marinated Yak Flatiron steak with Wensleydale Cranberry Cheese infused Peruvian Potatoes, Game Skewer: Skewer of Elk, Venison, Antelope, Yak, Ostrich, Kangaroo, Bison $30. Tonight's special!, The antelope ribs., And here are the final products. Half rack of antelope ribs braised in horseradish and red wine then served over a roasted pumpkin puree with frisee tossed in a horseradish, truffle and rosemary vinaigrette. We've also got Spicy Wild Boar Meatballs, a Baked Brie appetizer, antelope barley soup... details on the website., Pumpkin..., Antelope ribs are ready to braise., Also running spicy wild boar meatballs, seared halibut with lobster risotto, and pumpkin creme brûlée. Happy Friday!, Tonight's special: Bacon-wrapped elk mignon., Tonight's Game Special: Mixed grill of antelope, elk, and venison., Got a salsa recipe you think can stand up to Chef Poe's? Enter the Boston Herald's salsa-off and you might get to compete. Entries are due tonight!, null, The antelope special., Tonight's special: Prosciutto and basil wrapped antelope with sundried strawberry balsamic reduction, roasted fingerlings and cremont cheese., And: Venison burger with roasted bell pepper purée, poe-minto goat cheese, roasted bell pepper ketchup and Worcestershire salted fries., Tonight's special!, The completed venison special., Attention Shipyard Pumpkinhead fans!, With 36 draft lines, we don't need an excuse to drink beer. But if you do, here's a good one!, What's going up tonight? Stay tuned..., We changed the chalkboard..., We had a blast creating the antelope meatloaf... did you try it? What did you think?, Hop to it! Tonight's game special is roasted bell pepper marinated kangaroo tips with bell pepper fennel basil slaw and rosemary asiago polenta fries., Birds of a feather are plated together. Cinnamon and black IPA spiked ostrich with peasant confit, roasted pumpkin puree and acorn squash salsa. And, yes, the antelope meatloaf is still on. TGIF! http://thetiptaproom.com/todays-game-special/, Antelope meatloaf with cranberry jalapeño gravy, and a velveeta smashed potato cake., Beer specials! Guess it's really fall now..., Got a salsa recipe that people rave about? See if it can beat Chef Poe's!, On the board!, A little rainy Tuesday comfort food for tonight's special. Iberico de Bellota Pork with Apple Scallion Salsa and Apple Cider Great Hill Blue Cheese Potatoes., So great to have chef Anne Burrell stop in this weekend!, Tonight's Special: Stella Artois marinated venison with bacon and beer mashed potatoes and a bacon and beer vinaigrette. Check out our site for beer specials. Or just come in and see what's on tap on this gorgeous Thursday evening., Got to hang out with our friends from TV Diner a while back--here's the segment!, They say a picture is worth 1000 words. Which means this post is over 7000 words long. Check out a week at the Tip Tap on the Boston Herald Fork Lift blog!, Tonight's special: Apple Cider and Beer Marinated Kangaroo with Apple Cider Jus, Apple
Mint Salsa and Blue Cheese Mashed potatoes. Happy fall weather!, Running with the antelope tonight (ha ha), is Chef Lydia-style Soy Sherry Marinated Duck with Coconut Jalapeno Ginger Sweet Potato puree and grilled baby bok choy AND Hemp Seed Seared Scallops with flash fried frisee in a grapefruit Rosemary Vinaigrette and a Julius Echter Weiss-syrup., Watch this video and avoid feeling thirsty. We dare you., Special: Pomegranate marinated antelope over citrus brussels sprouts, bacon, and fingerling potato salad with pomagranite and black IPA reduction., Thanks to Boston.com for the shout in their list of late-night restaurants. We serve food until 1:30am nightly., And for those who are thirsty, some beer specials., Tonight's Game Special: Bison NY Strip: Wrapped in caul fat with Roma tomatoes, basil & charred scallions, duck fat fried potato cube with cilantro brie cheese corn sauce., New to Beacon Hill? We're pretty new to the neighborhood too. Come in, say hi, and grab a post-move dinner with us!, You can sit in traffic. Or you can enjoy Mushroom and Fresh Herb Marinated Elk Loin with Mushroom and Red Wine
Reduction, Sassafras Mashed Potatoes, and Candy Cap Mushroom Oil. Hope to see you soon!, I'd like to introduce Donna to you all out here in Facebook. She's our new GM here at the Tip Tap, and she's awesome., Thanks to Boston Magazine for stopping in!, Today's Boston Herald Fork Lift post is about the process of developing our cocktail list. It's all about knowing your neighbors..., Green Flash IPA marinated Kangaroo with Charred Tomato, Fennel Basil Sauce, Basil Roasted Egg Plant Puree and Fennel Flowers. It might be our hoppiest special yet., Always love spending time with our friends from TV Diner. Though this pic begs for a caption... "There's HOW many kinds of bacon in the potato appetizer?", Haven't been in to try one of our new cocktails yet? Thrillist Boston has you covered., Spicy wild boar meat balls in spicy Korean broth., Revisiting a favorite-New England surf and turf- antelope filet, clam chowder cake, fried Ipswich clams, and chowda purée, Just in from Somerville., Tonight's seafood special: Scallops with red spinach salad in white anchovy squash blossom and sherry vinaigrette., Tip, Tap... Tipples?, Play with your food. Especially your poe-tatoes., And we're back--with cocktails! Check out the full list on our website: thetiptaproom.com, See you at 4:01!, Done! Surf & turf: ostrich with lobster and avocado vinaigrette, lobster avocado cherry salsa, yucca frites., Mise en place., Marinade and ostrich., Figuring out the special. Which starch goes with ostrich? Yucca fries, yucca purée., This Just Add Cheese post about our petite homemade whoopie pie dessert feels like it might need a NSFW label..., The finished venison special., For your Wednesday night, we're serving up rosemary and garlic marinated venison rack and saddle with red currant sauce and Anchor Steam and hibiscus potatoes., Showing Steve and the rest of the kitchen staff how to prep tonight's game special., Our bison ribeye special, Thinking about dinner? Tonight's Game Special is basil and roasted garlic marinated bison ribeye with green zebra tomato and buffalo mozzarella salad and basil pesto au jus. And, yes, we're still serving the whoopie pie dessert special., The Dig tried the Tip Tap...thanks for the love!, A game special for a stormy Friday night: Horseradish truffle marinated ostrich with foie gras blue cheese mash., Our homage to the Shang. Wild Boar Fried Rice special., Tonight, we show a little love to the Shangri-La. Boar fried rice with Korean chile-rubbed grilled wild boar loin, Chinese cabbage kimchi, and soy ginger sauce., Tonight's Game Specials: An antelope burger and a mixed grill of antelope, venison, and kangaroo. And the petite whoopie pies are still the dessert special!, Learn a little more about Chef Poe and his background over on BostInnovation.com., Tonight's dessert special: Petite Whoopie Pies, berry sauce, candied bacon, pudding milkshake., There's a reason we write the specials in chalk. Tonight's special is the bison ribeye, but we might run out. When we do, we'll be shifting over to antelope., Tonight's seafood special! Striped bass with mango mint chestnut gazpacho, cherry mango salsa, rhutabega, and frisee with aged balsamic., It's hot and it's not even noon yet. Celebrate Watermelon Day with our Watermelon Salad. , We loved having our friends from Grub Street in! Check out the slideshow of their meal at the Tip Tap., Tonight, we're honoring the ostrich's African roots. Mishkaki Marinated Ostrich Filet with Niterkibbeh sauce and Irio potatoes is our game special., Yak is back! This time, it's in burger form. And it's topped with our Beacon Hill Bacon (seen here before smoking) and beer cheese. , It's as much fun for me to cook the exotic proteins as it is for you to eat them., Tuesday Night Game Special: Rye whiskey, Belgian wit beer and maple marinated South Texas Antelope with berry butter and blue cheese potato puree., Bacon. We love it. So does Stuff Magazine., No, we don't have a Green Monster game special. We do have Basil and Malbec marinated ostrich with coriander grilled peaches, roasted red jalapeno and blue cheese vinaigrette on Oskar Blues Brewery Dale’s Pale Ale polenta., Tonight's seafood special. Happy Thursday!, The Metro stops in and samples not only the taps, but also some selections from our extensive whiskey list. Happy Thirsty Thursday!, It's a gorgeous day for grilling... check out Chef Poe's tips (hah) for success. (And, if you prefer, you can come in and let him do the cooking for you.), Tonight's Game Special: Mixed Grill of Rabbit and 'Roo. Horseradish, rosemary and truffle marinated rabbit leg confit. Served with horseradish rosemary truffle grilled kangaroo. 

Too exotic? We've also got fresh herb, citrus and asiago seated Nantucket Striped bass with lime scented lobster jus and asiago potatoes., FYI: The Tip Tap Room will be closed from 3-4PM this afternoon for a staff training. Open again at 4:01pm. Thanks for your patience!, Tonight's game: Chimichurri marinated bison with cilantro & smoked tomato potatoes, spicy bresaola chive salsa. Letting my southwestern roots show!, Beacon Hill Bacon about to go in the smoker. It's got all the ingredients of Boston Baked Beans, cured with a Boston Baked Bean-puree, French Sea Salt. Rolled in pancetta, then smoked., The revamped tofu tips mentioned in yesterday's Boston Herald blog post., Three weeks since our soft open, and we've heard your feedback and made a few improvements. Chef Poe's latest blog is up at the Boston Herald., Thanks to Stuff Magazine for the writeup! Might be a good day for the lobster app..., Happy Friday! Tonight's Game Special is Dueling Beer Bellies!
Wild Boar Belly vs Pork Belly poached in Duck Fat & Coors Light with Green Flash Brewing Co. IPA mashed sweet potatoes and beer cheese creamed spinach. 
We've also got a bar-only special: Wild game tip jerky cured in lemon, A1, and chipotle with spicy Grillo's Pickles. 
And we didn't forget dessert: Lemon souffle with hibiscus tea jelly and lavender strudel., null, Beer from the tap not enough to cool you down? Might be time for some watermelon salad at the Tip Tap..., Loving the mural... It's coming along!, Kangaroo tips for dinner, anyone?, What a wild ride it's been--thanks to everyone for coming in and checking the new spot out! What's been your favorite dish so far?, Can't wait to see the finished product!, It comes from the land down under..., Check out this preview from the The Boston Globe's Devra First!, Taking a few minutes from the wild experience of opening a restaurant to blog... check it out!, Always a blast cooking with our friends from TV Diner--anybody catch the segment on this weekend's episode?, We're fresh out of yak, but we've still got game. Parsley, shiitake and garlic marinated ostrich; blue cheese and foie gras mashed potatoes; duck fat poached wild mushroom slaw., What a fungi..., Love it when Fossil Farms - Farm Raised Game & All Natural Meats shows up., Game on! Today, we've got Axis venison marinated in red wine, orange, and basil with chive mashed potatoes and sangria jus., You guys are wild for game! In our first week, we sold over 200 lbs of wild game and ran out last night. Scheduled for delivery today/Tuesday: yak, elk, antelope, venison, boar, ostrich, and emu. 
Here's a tip: tap your server and ask for the details on the daily specials. (Tip, tap--get it?), Cheese & Cracklins: Fried goat cheese balls, duck fat-fried prosciutto "Cracklins," grilled asparagus tips, carrot ginger dipping sauce., Always great to see the Just Add Cheese ladies!, Our rock shrimp appetizer. Katafi and nori fried shrimp, cucumber salad in a chile ginger sauce., null, http://boston.grubstreet.com/2012/06/brian-poe-estelles-yak.html?mid=twitter_grubstreetbo, Busy serving up tips and beer from our taps--be patient while we pretty our Facebook place up a bit!, We're so much more than just the tips., Glad to be in your neighborhood!, Eater Boston's sneak peek just before Monday's opening. http://boston.eater.com/archives/2012/06/15/gaze-at-the-spectacular-tip-tap-room-opening-monday.php, Chef Poe is back to blogging! His first post is on how the Tip Tap Room concept was developed, and how it differs from Poe's Kitchen at the Rattlesnake., We're so much more than just the tips., Boston Magazine previews the Tip Tap Menu., null)