List(Treat Yourself this weekend!, Have you checked this out?, In case you missed it!, Don't Miss out on our Weekend Special!, Hoy Lima esta de fiesta, celebrando su 481 aniversario y Machu Picchu restaurant se une a la celebracion. Pisco sour a solo $6.00 

Come and Celebrate with us Lima's 481 anniversary. Pisco Sour especial  $6.00 today only., Today Only!!!! Hurry!!!!, PICARONES!!
Weekend special, Enjoy our weekend special., Avoid the hassle of cooking Thanksgiving diner, let Machu Picchu take care of it for you!!! Just Call Angelica (978)332-4249, WHO AM I ? Sharing our Peruvian identity!, Introducing our new Thanksgiving menu, to place your order email us at catering@machupicchuboston.com or call (978) 332-4249, We make the meals that make your holiday special!
call us for our Thanksgiving catering menú options.
617-628-7070, "Día De la Cancion Criolla", Have you seen our latest news?, Have you checked this out?, In case you missed it!, Don't miss out on tomorrow's special., Angelica enjoying her favorites " Picarones", Weekend Special!, Weekend Specials!, null, Have you checked this out?, In case you missed it!, Thank You JP & Meredith, this review means a lot to us!, Check out our most recent newsletter!, Tonight @ 8pm come and watch the game with us!, Happy Labor Day! 
We are open at our normal business hours, This weekend we are featuring our "SCALLOPS A LA PIEDRA" with a little touch of Pisco! Come and enjoy!, null, Mr. & Mrs Krueger
We truly appreciate your business, and we're grateful for the trust you've placed in us to cater your special day! your wedding. We all enjoy it!, Thank you CHEFSFEED for featuring our dishes!, As it is our tradition around this time of year, the Panetones (Peruvian Fruit cake) are now here at Machu picchu Restaurant., Tonight, don't miss out this amazing Documentary!
Starts at 7pm, POLLO CHAN CHAN
Fried roll of chicken breast stuffed with shrimps, spinach and mozzarella cheese; served with spinach mashed potatoes!
Must Try!, Machu Picchu one of the 7 Best Restaurants in Union Square.
Thank you to all our patrons!, Happy Independance Day Bolivia! Felicidades Bolivianos Por el dia de su Independencia!, Try our new special Fried Tilapia Only $9.99, Thank you all for such amazing job! I miss u all, Celebracion de el dia de nuestra Independencia. Viva el Peru!!!
28 De Julio 2015, Happy Independance Day! A todos mis compatriotas Peruanos! Que viva el Perú, Authentic Peruvian cuisine right in the heart of Union Square.  The values of Machu Picchu are to make known the authentic flavors of Peruvian cuisine and to preserve our culture and respect our culinary heritage., Let's  celebrate our Independence Day, July 28th. Reserve your tickets, event is almost sold out!, 28 de Julio Celebration! http://conta.cc/1I80Ltz, We are Celebrating our Independence Day on July 28th!
Join us for our traditional dinner show!
Space is limited so buy your tickets and join the fun before is too late!, Let's keep cheering for our team!!!! Take advantage of our especial deal this Day!!!   Viva PERU!!!!, A View of last's years 28 de Julio Celebration!!!!, MACHU CHICKEN was nominated for the BEST Take-Out restaurant from Scout's Honored 2015. If you enjoy our restaurant please help us with your VOTE!!!! 
All you have to do is click on the link, enter you email, and look for Best take-out. Thank you for your patronage., 28 de Julio Celebration! http://conta.cc/1NboaOO, Chile and Peru will square off in the semifinals tonight at 6:30pm
Machu Picchu will be airing this game for everyone to watch!
Esta Noche Peru vs Chile!, We are happy to announce that The Afro-Peruvian band NovaLima  is performing this coming tuesday and  we will be giving away tickets this weekend, come and enter to win at your arrival. We will be hosting this Saturday and Sunday from 3 to 5pm.
Best of luck!, Thank you Pablo Della Bella for your visit!
Bassist of the famous singer Ricky Martin!, It is with a big regret that we announce the death of Sergio Espinoza, CEO & Founder at Inkas Wasi Music of the Andes and Dance from Peru.
Mr. Sergio Espinoza deceased on June, 21st, 2015
It was an honor to have known such a great person and we truly miss him here asking for his favorite dish "Ceviche". 
May God embrace all of you in comfort during this difficult time.
In the name of Machu Picchu Family, we extend our most sincere condolences to his family!
R.I.P Sergio.

Memorial Service info below, 28 de Julio Celebration! http://conta.cc/1NboaOO, VIVE LA COPA AMERICA!
PERU VS BOLIVIA
Thursday, June 25 @ 7:30pm., FATHER'S DAY CELEBRATION! http://myemail.constantcontact.com/FATHER-S-DAY-CELEBRATION-.html?soid=1102026466229&aid=FXOgHGeI5m8, Watch Peru vs Venezuela from 2015 Copa America!
Support your team while refreshing with your favorite beers!!! 
Today's games only
3 x$10
REFRESCA TU PASSION!
Tonight 7:30PM, We are serving PICARONES today, Don't miss out!, Disfruta de la "Copa America" Demuestra tu passion por los colores de tu patria!
Mañana PERU VS BRASIL, This Easter Sunday's Specials will be something great to look forward to! We will have 3 special dishes to celebrate the holiday!

Camarones A la Piedra, a hot ceviche that is named "a la piedra" because originally it was cooked with hot stones.

Escabeche de Pescado, "Fish Escabeche" is a cold dish that comes with a fried tilapia fillet in a vinegar and onion sauce.

and last but not least we will be serving our Piqueo Marino which is a combination dish of our most popular seafood dishes., This weekend's special is Patasca Soup!! Come and enjoy our freshly made soup before its too late!, We are serving PICARONES TODAY!
Don't miss out!!!!, Today's Special! ARROZ CON PATO
Rice & Duck Peruvian style!

This incredibly flavored green rice is one of the most famous dishes in Chiclayo, north of Lima. Cooks in this region use the rice harvested in local farms, fragrant cilantro leaves -never the stems-, peas, and a well fed duck, to make this legendary entree., ALL WE NEED IS LOVE... http://conta.cc/1uqbDT5, Make your Valentine's Day Special at Machu Picchu!
Enjoy our chef specials, prepared with love for your love ones!, null, SCORE BIG FOR EXCEPTIONAL FLAVOR WHILE WATCHING THE BIG GAME!
FREE PISCO SOUR TO CELEBRATE OUR VICTORY...
GO PATS!!!, null, A perfect soup to warm up the cold weather! This Saturday and Sunday enjoy the traditional soup of the Andeans, PATASCA.
It is a traditional soup of the highlands. Phatasqa comes from Quechua, meaning busted or broken, because the preparation is ready when boiling corn opens ., It is a pleasure to do business with you!
Thank you for all the work and trust on us,
We are looking forward a New year that brings new opportunities and Challenges to serve you better. 
Happy and Prosperous New year 2015!, Love, joy and peace are the ingredients for a wonderful Christmas. We hope you find them all festive season. Have a Wonderful Merry Christmas!, Thank you Mayor Josheph Curtatone for stopping by Machu Picchu to say hi to our Guinea pig mascot Mr. Cuy!, Come and say to Mr Cuy, the  walking Guinea Pig!, PICARONES THIS SUNDAY FROM 1 TO 6PM., This Sunday, Machu Picchu will be part of Monster Mashed-Up and we will be offering our Traditional Peruvian Donuts "PICARONES" as well as Chicken empanadas and Pisco Sour!
Trick or Treat are welcome!
can't wait to see all the customs!!!

http://www.somervillema.gov/alerts/2014-somerstreets-series, Machu Picchu is proud to host this extraordinary cause, Please Join Us!
"The Give Back - Buy a Backpack Program in Tacna, Peru, provided numerous school supplies in 2014"
The Alliance Exchange Team~
,  Peru is definitely a really great destination! 
Enjoy this video!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6z2yGOwuyRs, Happy birthday!!! Alexis
Our best wishes on your special day!
Your Machu Picchu family!, Happy to host the Walking Tour sponsored by Somerville Historic Preservation Commission and ArtsUnion. , voted Top Five Best Latin American Cuisine with great reviews
Thank you everyone for your support, your wonderful comments, your friendship, your business and the opportunity to serve you.
Your loyalty is very much appreciated!
Machu Picchu Team!
, The Machu Picchu family congratulates all the Peruvians for their accomplishment and representing Peru in a positive way. Today we are celebrating our 123 years of independence as a country. This anniversary is an opportunity to reflect on what we have achieved as a nation, as well as the diverse culture of around the world who are open to learn and share our culture. Together we will make this a special day to remember where we came from and what makes us a great nation.  Happy Independence Day from Machu Picchu !, Follow us on twitter @machuboston, Felicidades a todos nuestros compatriotas por el dia de nuestra independencia! Por este motivo Machu Picchu estara celebrando con una cena-show este 28 de julio a las 6 de la tarde. Para mas information llamanos a 617-628-7070. Espacio limitado !, null, Just a heads up! 
We are starting our Peruvian independence day celebration tomorrow with our special dishes Arroz con pato and our most popular dessert Picarones., null, MACHU PICCHU VIDEO! I LOOK FORWARD TO YOUR VISIT SOON!, To all dads! Happy Father's Day!, Bostons Celtics player Vitor Faverani visited us for dinner this week!, Father's+Day,+Dad's+way+at+Machu+Picchu! http://conta.cc/1phNmuO, Thanks Harvard grads for celebrating such a memorable day with us!, Testing out new pancakes for Mixtura
#areyouready, CONGRATULATIONS TO CLASS OF  2014!
Congratulate your GRADUATE with our gift cards and get 
                                $5 BONUS CARD
*Offer valid until MAY 31st, 2014, Mother's Day is around the corner http://conta.cc/1hEJIBY, We are featuring our 
Piqueo Marino, Causa de Pulpo al Olivo, Escabeche, & Chicharrones de pescado this Easter Weekend!!, null, Congratulations Gerardo & Estela for your arriving baby boy! Machu picchu was happy to host your baby shower!, Today at Machu Picchu
Patasca & Picarones!!!, Happy Birthday Ana Huaman!  From your Machu Picchu family!, Happy Valentine's Day! http://conta.cc/1bDXB1k, Season Greetings From Machu Picchu!!! http://conta.cc/1euq8wZ, Machu Picchu's hostess Laura is trying to stay warm with the Llamas!!!, Picarones at Machu Picchu!!
Percfect with this weather!!!, Holiday at Machu Picchu  http://conta.cc/1j1cHqq, Thank you to all who came to the wine tasting on Friday!, Join us for a Peruvian wine tasting! http://conta.cc/Iz3YL4, May you and your family be blessed on Thanksgiving and throughout the rest of the year..., Ceviche de Conchas Negras. Yummiii 
This weekend's Special!!, Save 15% OFF in Thanksgiving Day! http://conta.cc/I6aZTI, Thank you Stacy for celebrating your sweet fifteen with us!, My presentation and food demonstration at Server Hall, Harvard University!
Thank you all for your hospitality, Happy to be part of Joe's Ricchio show Off the Wagon! Somerville has it all!

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MHEj9MeJIus&feature=youtu.be, Join us on Saturday, September 28, 2013 in Union Square, Somerville, MA. We are Celebrating the Fluff Festival!, Come and join us for a Taste of Peru! 
AlliancExchange is a program that is Helping Children in Peru
Thanks in advance for your support!, Machu Picchu Weekend Special ! http://conta.cc/13rxQ0m, Cavalia Odysseo
Starts tomorrow purchase your ticket and get 15 % OFF in your entire purchase! 
http://www.cavalia.net/en/odysseo/tickets-info/boston-somerville-ma-usa/restaurants-nearby, Y seguimos celebrando! Que viva el Peru...!, Happy Birthday Philip, thank for choosing Machu Picchu to celebrate your special day!, Celebrando el dia de independencia en Machu Picchu, "Tengo el orgullo de ser Peruano y soy feliz de haber nacido en esta hermosa tierra del sol, donde el indómito inca prefirió morir, lego a mi raza la gran herencia de su valor. Ricas montañas, hermosas tierras, risueñas playas, es mi PERU, fértiles tierras, cumbres nevadas, ríos, quebradas, es mi PERU...
Orgullosamente de ser Peruana y tu???, Feliz Dia mi añorado PERU! Y a toda la linda gente Peruana que  con sus diversas actividades cotidianas van dejando el nombre del Peru en alto, sigamos avanzando firmes! 
Feliz 28!!! from Machu Picchu
Los Esperamos!!!, FELIZ 28 !!! http://conta.cc/18ptPNT, PERU VS. COLOMBIA
06/11/2013
4:30PM
MAKE RESERVATIONS AT MACHU PICCHU!!, WE ARE HIRING WAITERS!!!!!, LET'S CELEBRATE MOTHERS DAY!!! http://conta.cc/YouCLP, PICARONES!!! This Weekend http://conta.cc/15JGYT9, Due to the weather Restaurante Turistico Machu Picchu and Mixtura will be closed today, but our other location Machu Picchu Charcoal Chicken and Grill will be opened until 9 pm., Merry Christmas!!! from Machupicchuboston http://conta.cc/T943cS, Thank you Tiny World Child Care for celebrating your christmas at Machupicchu !, HAPPY THANKSGIVING!!! Feliz Accion de Gracias!!! http://conta.cc/WiImTz, Veterans Day Weekend Specials http://conta.cc/Uuoe52, Que tengan un Feliz 28 de Julio!!! de sus amigos Machu Picchu Boston.
Compartimos este video tan lindo! disfrutenlo, tenemos muchos motivos para sentirnos orgullosos de ser Peruanos, Nosotros Mismos...

 thttp://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eeRLW44I5zI, Machu Picchu Team celebrating our Independence Day in Government center. Thank you  Juan Aurelio Lopez, The Boston City Council, for your invitation to visit the Boston City Hall, Congratulations to the Somerville arts Council for the release of the Nibble book! Exploring food and culture in Union Square. Machu Picchu is proud to be part of this book! 
Join us for the release party!

http://www.somervilleartscouncil.org/artsunion/2012/nibble, Thanks to BOSTON GLOBE NEWSPAPER for interviewing MIXTURA and such a great review!!!
Machu Picchu Family

http://articles.boston.com/2012-07-10/food-dining/32598526_1_american-diner-aji-quinoa, http://thephoenix.com/boston/food/140421-on-the-cheap-mixtura-latin-fusion-cuisine/

Thanks The Boston Phoenix for such a nice review, Special Offer for Amex Cardmembers: See how to get a 1X $10 statement credit by spending $10+ between 6/21/12 and 7/4/12 at a Boston small biz like ours with your synced American Express® Card. Registration limited. For info: aexp.co/bos1 “Share” to spread the word., null, Machu Picchu Mother's Day Special http://conta.cc/IK2tth, Hi to All,
Here is the information of the unfortunate loss of Franco Garcia.
Today, Tuesday there will a funeral service at Saint Mary's Church located at 133 School, Waltham; staring at 6:30 pm
Wednesday at 10am in the Church Saint Ignatius of Loyola located at 28 Commonwealth Ave, Chestnut Hill and 11 am to the Newton Cemetery., Chicha Night Party at Machu Picchu, Los Esperamos!!!, Machu Picchu, Somerville Arts Council & MachuPisco Company Invites you to our "CHICHA NIGHT PARTY"
Chicha Night: Pisco Sour, Food and Peruvian Music DJ.
Thursday, March 15
Time: 7pm, Dinner: 7.30pm
Machu Picchu, 307 Somerville Ave, Union Square
Entrada: $25
for more information Contact us at 617-628-7070, 
Dear friends,
Today will be held a vigil for missing our compatriot Franco Garcia, please attend this vigil, It will be a sign of solidarity with this mother suffering, your presence will make to the media pressure on a more extensive investigation into this tragedy! 9 days have passed and no one knows anything, I hope to see there!!!
Candlelight Vigil for the return of Franco Garcia
Time: 7pm
Place:Cassidy Playground-Cleveland circle Field between beacon st & Chestnut Hill ave.
For directions please check the link below:
http://g.co/maps/e2f6u

Don't forget to bring your Candles
Eternally Grateful,
Rosy Cerna
, Mixtura Latin Fusion Cuisine Now Open! http://conta.cc/yPaZHO, Exciting Offer from Machupicchuboston http://conta.cc/xTlfFe, Happy Valentine's Day from Machupicchuboston http://conta.cc/Abznyl, Come to Machu Picchu to  support 12 Umass Boston students in their journey to create a community water system in a small village in Peru , on February 22, 2012, tickets are $30 and includes a buffet dinner, your participation will help them reach Peru! To buy tickets you can either contact Machu Picchu at (617)-628-7070 or contact Catriona Grant at CG8228@yahoo.com or (339)-993-1963, Machu Picchu is celebrating Oscar Stagnaro for his achievement of a "Latin Grammy" this Saturday December 17 @ 8 pm, 
OSCAR STAGNARO, originally from Peru, studied at the Conservatory of Music in Lima, Peru. 	
Oscar has been an Associate Professor at "The Berklee College of Music" since 1988, where he teaches privates lessons, workshops, and ensembles. He's been largely responsible for the school's development of Latin Bass education, instituting several courses on Latin and world bass styles. Oscar has represented Berklee at the International Association of Jazz Educators conferences and has held clinics all over the world, including Peru, Puerto Rico, Costa Rica, Venezuela, Germany, and Spain. He also teaches Latin Jazz Ensembles and Jazz Improvisation in the Latin Jazz Idiom in the Jazz Studies Department at "The New England Conservatory of Music", The Boston Latino Internationla Film will be showing two Peruvian Movies!!!
Friday, November 18

Brought to you by the MIT Sloan Latin American Club www.mitsloanlac.com

MIT Building 54, Auditorium Room 54-100

21 Ames St., Cambridge, MA, 02139

*3 blocks from the Kendall MIT Red line T stop

VENUE MAP: http://whereis.mit.edu/?selection=54&Buildings=go 
9.00 p.m.

Peruvian Program: Culture, food, and music

"Mistura: The Power of Food" Director: Julia Perez / 30min. / Peru / Documentary

TRAILER:http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HItCUFcpTrc 
In Peru, cooking and eating go beyond the kitchen. The nation's passion for food transcends pots and pans, Peru finds in its cuisine its missing ingredient: A way to celebrate being Peruvian. A way to love, show respect and be proud. MISTURA, the gastronomic fair that happens in Lima every September, is the best example. This documentary manages to capture a slice of the immense spectrum of experiences that are simmered in Mistura every year. A place where cooks and patrons passionately teach us not only about food but most importantly about life.

"Lima Bruja: Retratos de la música criolla"

Director: Rafael Polar / 82min./ Peru / Documentary

TRAILER:http://vimeo.com/9120022 
This is a musical documentary about the original style of Lima's criollo music, the historical side of the genre of which very little is known in contemporary Peruvian music scene. Departing from a birthday celebration, the documentary shows performances and interviews to criollo singers and musicians, most of them over 70 years old, in their everyday lives, in order to understand the particular manner in which they keep with so much longing and respect their traditions alive., Machu Picchu is part of Small Business Saturday!!!, First Time Visit Special!!!, We are happy to share our Peruvian culture with the Somerville Arts Council! We would like to deeply thank all who participates in this adventure!, John Schuler de,Por las Rutas del Pisco esta en Machu Picchu!!!!!, Lindo Video para compartir!!!, We dedicate this video to all our Tourist Friends that had visit our home Peru!!! thank you :), We are in the top 5 best Latin American restaurant, thank you everyone for voting for us we tied for 4th place.we are proud for being one of the best., Gracias a todos nuestros amigos por haber compartido nuestro 190 aniversario patrio con nosotros-Machu Picchu staff, null, Celebrate Independence Day with Us!, Thank you for this nice review Urban Kitchen!, Join us on 4th of July on the Charles River!! http://conta.cc/k0cnzX, El consulado General del Peru en Boston informa a la comunidad Peruana residente en los Estados de Massachusetts, Maine, New Hampshire y Vermont que la segunda vuelta de las Elecciones Generales del Peru para elegir presidente, se realizara en Domingo 5 de junio de 2011 en el gimnasio del Madison Park High School, situado en: 75 Malcoln X Blvd, Roxbury,MA 02120, De las 8am a 4 pm..Suerte Peru!, Please Vote for the Best Peruvian Restaurant Machu Picchu! Many many Thanks for your Support!, Congratulations! Kate, you won our Peruvian Basket! Thank you for joining us on this Special Mother's Day!, null, Para todas las Madres Lindas de esta Tierra! Que pasen un Dia Maravilloso, Happy Mother's Day!!!, The Best Video from Peru to Peru, You must watch it! I am so proud to be Peruvian!!! VIVA EL PERU!, let us cook a nice dinner for your MOM! http://conta.cc/kAKK8F #constantcontact, Thanks to Somerville Journal for this Article, Silverio Urbina in Machu Picchu this Thursday March 31st @ 7pm. Hurry make your reservations today, Space is Limited!, null, Vote for Machu Picchu as BEST Latin American on the CityVoter Boston A-List. Every vote counts!, Gracias Peru!! Gracias Anna Lindh y asu director Hansel Barrenechea por este reconocimiento a nuestra tarea de difundir la cultura Peruana., null, Orgullo Peruano 2010, null, machupicchu boston We been nominated for "Food and Drink" for THE BEST OF EL PLANETA 2010 please make sure to vote for Machu Picchu at http://www.thebest.elplaneta.com, Thank for your helping our restaurant to become internationally recognized!  We were recently nominated for the Premio Orgullo Peruano award which is given to successfull and entrepenurial Peruvians living outside thier native country.  Being nominated is a great honor, but we are counting on your support to win!  Please use the following link and click on the Machu Picchu logo near the bottom of the page!   Thank you for your vote!, if you want to suprise your friends, employees, even your loved ones with a lunch or dinner this christmas! let machupicchu do the cooking and you just sit back and relax. either in house or also at the restaurant. Remember large groups are welcomed!!, null)